# Stanford Players' Tryouts Tonigtht
## 
### 
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players' production of Eugene
O'Neill's play, "Long Day's Jour
ney into Night," will be held to
night only in the Nightery Thea
ter (old Union Building) at 7:30
p.m.
O'Neill's partly autobiograph
ical "Long Day's Journey" include
i three roles for men and two for
women. It offers the actor an ex
ceptional opportunity for close
ensemble playing of an intense
nature.
Rachmael Ben Avram, former
director of the Berkeley Golden
Hind Theatre, is directing the
play. Director of the Golden Hind
for ten years, Ben Avram is cur
rently rehearsing Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral" for a special
production at San Francisco's
Grace Cathedral. He has recently
become a graduate student in the
Stanford Department of Speech
and Drama.
Under a new Stanford Players
policy undergraduates are to be
given preference in casting for
the experimental series of produc
tions held in the Little Theatre
and Nightery.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players' production of Eugene
O'Neill's play, "Long Day's Jour
ney into Night," will be held to
night only in the Nightery Thea
ter (old Union Building) at 7:30
p.m.
O'Neill's partly autobiograph
ical "Long Day's Journey" include
i three roles for men and two for
women. It offers the actor an ex
ceptional opportunity for close
ensemble playing of an intense
nature.
Rachmael Ben Avram, former
director of the Berkeley Golden
Hind Theatre, is directing the
play. Director of the Golden Hind
for ten years, Ben Avram is cur
rently rehearsing Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral" for a special
production at San Francisco's
Grace Cathedral. He has recently
become a graduate student in the
Stanford Department of Speech
and Drama.
Under a new Stanford Players
policy undergraduates are to be
given preference in casting for
the experimental series of produc
tions held in the Little Theatre
and Nightery.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players' production of Eugene
O'Neill's play, "Long Day's Jour
ney into Night," will be held to
night only in the Nightery Thea
ter (old Union Building) at 7:30
p.m.
O'Neill's partly autobiograph
ical "Long Day's Journey" include
i three roles for men and two for
women. It offers the actor an ex
ceptional opportunity for close
ensemble playing of an intense
nature.
Rachmael Ben Avram, former
director of the Berkeley Golden
Hind Theatre, is directing the
play. Director of the Golden Hind
for ten years, Ben Avram is cur
rently rehearsing Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral" for a special
production at San Francisco's
Grace Cathedral. He has recently
become a graduate student in the
Stanford Department of Speech
and Drama.
Under a new Stanford Players
policy undergraduates are to be
given preference in casting for
the experimental series of produc
tions held in the Little Theatre
and Nightery.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players' production of Eugene
O'Neill's play, "Long Day's Jour
ney into Night," will be held to
night only in the Nightery Thea
ter (old Union Building) at 7:30
p.m.
O'Neill's partly autobiograph
ical "Long Day's Journey" include
i three roles for men and two for
women. It offers the actor an ex
ceptional opportunity for close
ensemble playing of an intense
nature.
Rachmael Ben Avram, former
director of the Berkeley Golden
Hind Theatre, is directing the
play. Director of the Golden Hind
for ten years, Ben Avram is cur
rently rehearsing Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral" for a special
production at San Francisco's
Grace Cathedral. He has recently
become a graduate student in the
Stanford Department of Speech
and Drama.
Under a new Stanford Players
policy undergraduates are to be
given preference in casting for
the experimental series of produc
tions held in the Little Theatre
and Nightery.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players' production of Eugene
O'Neill's play, "Long Day's Jour
ney into Night," will be held to
night only in the Nightery Thea
ter (old Union Building) at 7:30
p.m.
O'Neill's partly autobiograph
ical "Long Day's Journey" include
i three roles for men and two for
women. It offers the actor an ex
ceptional opportunity for close
ensemble playing of an intense
nature.
Rachmael Ben Avram, former
director of the Berkeley Golden
Hind Theatre, is directing the
play. Director of the Golden Hind
for ten years, Ben Avram is cur
rently rehearsing Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral" for a special
production at San Francisco's
Grace Cathedral. He has recently
become a graduate student in the
Stanford Department of Speech
and Drama.
Under a new Stanford Players
policy undergraduates are to be
given preference in casting for
the experimental series of produc
tions held in the Little Theatre
and Nightery.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players' production of Eugene
O'Neill's play, "Long Day's Jour
ney into Night," will be held to
night only in the Nightery Thea
ter (old Union Building) at 7:30
p.m.
O'Neill's partly autobiograph
ical "Long Day's Journey" include
i three roles for men and two for
women. It offers the actor an ex
ceptional opportunity for close
ensemble playing of an intense
nature.
Rachmael Ben Avram, former
director of the Berkeley Golden
Hind Theatre, is directing the
play. Director of the Golden Hind
for ten years, Ben Avram is cur
rently rehearsing Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral" for a special
production at San Francisco's
Grace Cathedral. He has recently
become a graduate student in the
Stanford Department of Speech
and Drama.
Under a new Stanford Players
policy undergraduates are to be
given preference in casting for
the experimental series of produc
tions held in the Little Theatre
and Nightery.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players' production of Eugene
O'Neill's play, "Long Day's Jour
ney into Night," will be held to
night only in the Nightery Thea
ter (old Union Building) at 7:30
p.m.
O'Neill's partly autobiograph
ical "Long Day's Journey" include
i three roles for men and two for
women. It offers the actor an ex
ceptional opportunity for close
ensemble playing of an intense
nature.
Rachmael Ben Avram, former
director of the Berkeley Golden
Hind Theatre, is directing the
play. Director of the Golden Hind
for ten years, Ben Avram is cur
rently rehearsing Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral" for a special
production at San Francisco's
Grace Cathedral. He has recently
become a graduate student in the
Stanford Department of Speech
and Drama.
Under a new Stanford Players
policy undergraduates are to be
given preference in casting for
the experimental series of produc
tions held in the Little Theatre
and Nightery.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players' production of Eugene
O'Neill's play, "Long Day's Jour
ney into Night," will be held to
night only in the Nightery Thea
ter (old Union Building) at 7:30
p.m.
O'Neill's partly autobiograph
ical "Long Day's Journey" include
i three roles for men and two for
women. It offers the actor an ex
ceptional opportunity for close
ensemble playing of an intense
nature.
Rachmael Ben Avram, former
director of the Berkeley Golden
Hind Theatre, is directing the
play. Director of the Golden Hind
for ten years, Ben Avram is cur
rently rehearsing Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral" for a special
production at San Francisco's
Grace Cathedral. He has recently
become a graduate student in the
Stanford Department of Speech
and Drama.
Under a new Stanford Players
policy undergraduates are to be
given preference in casting for
the experimental series of produc
tions held in the Little Theatre
and Nightery.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players' production of Eugene
O'Neill's play, "Long Day's Jour
ney into Night," will be held to
night only in the Nightery Thea
ter (old Union Building) at 7:30
p.m.
O'Neill's partly autobiograph
ical "Long Day's Journey" include
i three roles for men and two for
women. It offers the actor an ex
ceptional opportunity for close
ensemble playing of an intense
nature.
Rachmael Ben Avram, former
director of the Berkeley Golden
Hind Theatre, is directing the
play. Director of the Golden Hind
for ten years, Ben Avram is cur
rently rehearsing Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral" for a special
production at San Francisco's
Grace Cathedral. He has recently
become a graduate student in the
Stanford Department of Speech
and Drama.
Under a new Stanford Players
policy undergraduates are to be
given preference in casting for
the experimental series of produc
tions held in the Little Theatre
and Nightery.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players' production of Eugene
O'Neill's play, "Long Day's Jour
ney into Night," will be held to
night only in the Nightery Thea
ter (old Union Building) at 7:30
p.m.
O'Neill's partly autobiograph
ical "Long Day's Journey" include
i three roles for men and two for
women. It offers the actor an ex
ceptional opportunity for close
ensemble playing of an intense
nature.
Rachmael Ben Avram, former
director of the Berkeley Golden
Hind Theatre, is directing the
play. Director of the Golden Hind
for ten years, Ben Avram is cur
rently rehearsing Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral" for a special
production at San Francisco's
Grace Cathedral. He has recently
become a graduate student in the
Stanford Department of Speech
and Drama.
Under a new Stanford Players
policy undergraduates are to be
given preference in casting for
the experimental series of produc
tions held in the Little Theatre
and Nightery.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players' production of Eugene
O'Neill's play, "Long Day's Jour
ney into Night," will be held to
night only in the Nightery Thea
ter (old Union Building) at 7:30
p.m.
O'Neill's partly autobiograph
ical "Long Day's Journey" include
i three roles for men and two for
women. It offers the actor an ex
ceptional opportunity for close
ensemble playing of an intense
nature.
Rachmael Ben Avram, former
director of the Berkeley Golden
Hind Theatre, is directing the
play. Director of the Golden Hind
for ten years, Ben Avram is cur
rently rehearsing Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral" for a special
production at San Francisco's
Grace Cathedral. He has recently
become a graduate student in the
Stanford Department of Speech
and Drama.
Under a new Stanford Players
policy undergraduates are to be
given preference in casting for
the experimental series of produc
tions held in the Little Theatre
and Nightery.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players' production of Eugene
O'Neill's play, "Long Day's Jour
ney into Night," will be held to
night only in the Nightery Thea
ter (old Union Building) at 7:30
p.m.
O'Neill's partly autobiograph
ical "Long Day's Journey" include
i three roles for men and two for
women. It offers the actor an ex
ceptional opportunity for close
ensemble playing of an intense
nature.
Rachmael Ben Avram, former
director of the Berkeley Golden
Hind Theatre, is directing the
play. Director of the Golden Hind
for ten years, Ben Avram is cur
rently rehearsing Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral" for a special
production at San Francisco's
Grace Cathedral. He has recently
become a graduate student in the
Stanford Department of Speech
and Drama.
Under a new Stanford Players
policy undergraduates are to be
given preference in casting for
the experimental series of produc
tions held in the Little Theatre
and Nightery.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players' production of Eugene
O'Neill's play, "Long Day's Jour
ney into Night," will be held to
night only in the Nightery Thea
ter (old Union Building) at 7:30
p.m.
O'Neill's partly autobiograph
ical "Long Day's Journey" include
i three roles for men and two for
women. It offers the actor an ex
ceptional opportunity for close
ensemble playing of an intense
nature.
Rachmael Ben Avram, former
director of the Berkeley Golden
Hind Theatre, is directing the
play. Director of the Golden Hind
for ten years, Ben Avram is cur
rently rehearsing Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral" for a special
production at San Francisco's
Grace Cathedral. He has recently
become a graduate student in the
Stanford Department of Speech
and Drama.
Under a new Stanford Players
policy undergraduates are to be
given preference in casting for
the experimental series of produc
tions held in the Little Theatre
and Nightery.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players' production of Eugene
O'Neill's play, "Long Day's Jour
ney into Night," will be held to
night only in the Nightery Thea
ter (old Union Building) at 7:30
p.m.
O'Neill's partly autobiograph
ical "Long Day's Journey" include
i three roles for men and two for
women. It offers the actor an ex
ceptional opportunity for close
ensemble playing of an intense
nature.
Rachmael Ben Avram, former
director of the Berkeley Golden
Hind Theatre, is directing the
play. Director of the Golden Hind
for ten years, Ben Avram is cur
rently rehearsing Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral" for a special
production at San Francisco's
Grace Cathedral. He has recently
become a graduate student in the
Stanford Department of Speech
and Drama.
Under a new Stanford Players
policy undergraduates are to be
given preference in casting for
the experimental series of produc
tions held in the Little Theatre
and Nightery.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players' production of Eugene
O'Neill's play, "Long Day's Jour
ney into Night," will be held to
night only in the Nightery Thea
ter (old Union Building) at 7:30
p.m.
O'Neill's partly autobiograph
ical "Long Day's Journey" include
i three roles for men and two for
women. It offers the actor an ex
ceptional opportunity for close
ensemble playing of an intense
nature.
Rachmael Ben Avram, former
director of the Berkeley Golden
Hind Theatre, is directing the
play. Director of the Golden Hind
for ten years, Ben Avram is cur
rently rehearsing Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral" for a special
production at San Francisco's
Grace Cathedral. He has recently
become a graduate student in the
Stanford Department of Speech
and Drama.
Under a new Stanford Players
policy undergraduates are to be
given preference in casting for
the experimental series of produc
tions held in the Little Theatre
and Nightery.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players' production of Eugene
O'Neill's play, "Long Day's Jour
ney into Night," will be held to
night only in the Nightery Thea
ter (old Union Building) at 7:30
p.m.
O'Neill's partly autobiograph
ical "Long Day's Journey" include
i three roles for men and two for
women. It offers the actor an ex
ceptional opportunity for close
ensemble playing of an intense
nature.
Rachmael Ben Avram, former
director of the Berkeley Golden
Hind Theatre, is directing the
play. Director of the Golden Hind
for ten years, Ben Avram is cur
rently rehearsing Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral" for a special
production at San Francisco's
Grace Cathedral. He has recently
become a graduate student in the
Stanford Department of Speech
and Drama.
Under a new Stanford Players
policy undergraduates are to be
given preference in casting for
the experimental series of produc
tions held in the Little Theatre
and Nightery.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players' production of Eugene
O'Neill's play, "Long Day's Jour
ney into Night," will be held to
night only in the Nightery Thea
ter (old Union Building) at 7:30
p.m.
O'Neill's partly autobiograph
ical "Long Day's Journey" include
i three roles for men and two for
women. It offers the actor an ex
ceptional opportunity for close
ensemble playing of an intense
nature.
Rachmael Ben Avram, former
director of the Berkeley Golden
Hind Theatre, is directing the
play. Director of the Golden Hind
for ten years, Ben Avram is cur
rently rehearsing Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral" for a special
production at San Francisco's
Grace Cathedral. He has recently
become a graduate student in the
Stanford Department of Speech
and Drama.
Under a new Stanford Players
policy undergraduates are to be
given preference in casting for
the experimental series of produc
tions held in the Little Theatre
and Nightery.
