# MURALS
## 
### 
Signups for intramural football
1 close tomorrow night at 6 p.m.
; with actual play getting under
way Wednesday. A sign up sheet
is now posted in the gym.
Those interested in officiating
for these games are urged to
contact Mr. Bugge in his office
at Encina Gym. Officials will be
payed $2.00 for each game they
referee.
Signups for intramural football
1 close tomorrow night at 6 p.m.
; with actual play getting under
way Wednesday. A sign up sheet
is now posted in the gym.
Those interested in officiating
for these games are urged to
contact Mr. Bugge in his office
at Encina Gym. Officials will be
payed $2.00 for each game they
referee.
Signups for intramural football
1 close tomorrow night at 6 p.m.
; with actual play getting under
way Wednesday. A sign up sheet
is now posted in the gym.
Those interested in officiating
for these games are urged to
contact Mr. Bugge in his office
at Encina Gym. Officials will be
payed $2.00 for each game they
referee.
Signups for intramural football
1 close tomorrow night at 6 p.m.
; with actual play getting under
way Wednesday. A sign up sheet
is now posted in the gym.
Those interested in officiating
for these games are urged to
contact Mr. Bugge in his office
at Encina Gym. Officials will be
payed $2.00 for each game they
referee.
Signups for intramural football
1 close tomorrow night at 6 p.m.
; with actual play getting under
way Wednesday. A sign up sheet
is now posted in the gym.
Those interested in officiating
for these games are urged to
contact Mr. Bugge in his office
at Encina Gym. Officials will be
payed $2.00 for each game they
referee.
Signups for intramural football
1 close tomorrow night at 6 p.m.
; with actual play getting under
way Wednesday. A sign up sheet
is now posted in the gym.
Those interested in officiating
for these games are urged to
contact Mr. Bugge in his office
at Encina Gym. Officials will be
payed $2.00 for each game they
referee.
Signups for intramural football
1 close tomorrow night at 6 p.m.
; with actual play getting under
way Wednesday. A sign up sheet
is now posted in the gym.
Those interested in officiating
for these games are urged to
contact Mr. Bugge in his office
at Encina Gym. Officials will be
payed $2.00 for each game they
referee.
Signups for intramural football
1 close tomorrow night at 6 p.m.
; with actual play getting under
way Wednesday. A sign up sheet
is now posted in the gym.
Those interested in officiating
for these games are urged to
contact Mr. Bugge in his office
at Encina Gym. Officials will be
payed $2.00 for each game they
referee.
Signups for intramural football
1 close tomorrow night at 6 p.m.
; with actual play getting under
way Wednesday. A sign up sheet
is now posted in the gym.
Those interested in officiating
for these games are urged to
contact Mr. Bugge in his office
at Encina Gym. Officials will be
payed $2.00 for each game they
referee.
Signups for intramural football
1 close tomorrow night at 6 p.m.
; with actual play getting under
way Wednesday. A sign up sheet
is now posted in the gym.
Those interested in officiating
for these games are urged to
contact Mr. Bugge in his office
at Encina Gym. Officials will be
payed $2.00 for each game they
referee.
Signups for intramural football
1 close tomorrow night at 6 p.m.
; with actual play getting under
way Wednesday. A sign up sheet
is now posted in the gym.
Those interested in officiating
for these games are urged to
contact Mr. Bugge in his office
at Encina Gym. Officials will be
payed $2.00 for each game they
referee.
Signups for intramural football
1 close tomorrow night at 6 p.m.
; with actual play getting under
way Wednesday. A sign up sheet
is now posted in the gym.
Those interested in officiating
for these games are urged to
contact Mr. Bugge in his office
at Encina Gym. Officials will be
payed $2.00 for each game they
referee.
Signups for intramural football
1 close tomorrow night at 6 p.m.
; with actual play getting under
way Wednesday. A sign up sheet
is now posted in the gym.
Those interested in officiating
for these games are urged to
contact Mr. Bugge in his office
at Encina Gym. Officials will be
payed $2.00 for each game they
referee.
Signups for intramural football
1 close tomorrow night at 6 p.m.
; with actual play getting under
way Wednesday. A sign up sheet
is now posted in the gym.
Those interested in officiating
for these games are urged to
contact Mr. Bugge in his office
at Encina Gym. Officials will be
payed $2.00 for each game they
referee.
Signups for intramural football
1 close tomorrow night at 6 p.m.
; with actual play getting under
way Wednesday. A sign up sheet
is now posted in the gym.
Those interested in officiating
for these games are urged to
contact Mr. Bugge in his office
at Encina Gym. Officials will be
payed $2.00 for each game they
referee.
Signups for intramural football
1 close tomorrow night at 6 p.m.
; with actual play getting under
way Wednesday. A sign up sheet
is now posted in the gym.
Those interested in officiating
for these games are urged to
contact Mr. Bugge in his office
at Encina Gym. Officials will be
payed $2.00 for each game they
referee.
Signups for intramural football
1 close tomorrow night at 6 p.m.
; with actual play getting under
way Wednesday. A sign up sheet
is now posted in the gym.
Those interested in officiating
for these games are urged to
contact Mr. Bugge in his office
at Encina Gym. Officials will be
payed $2.00 for each game they
referee.
