# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Photo by Ho O'Ncil
IT WAS A LOVELY day for sightseeing Wednesday, but—oh!—that sign on the bus. Somebody forgot
to tell Graylines Tours that "Stanford" is spelled with only one "d. Driver Steve Johansen was
shocked when a dozen or so students informed him of the mistake. "You kids must be getting
smarter," he remarked. "We've had that sign that way for four years—and no one's ever noticed
it before.

Photo by Ho O'Ncil
IT WAS A LOVELY day for sightseeing Wednesday, but—oh!—that sign on the bus. Somebody forgot
to tell Graylines Tours that "Stanford" is spelled with only one "d. Driver Steve Johansen was
shocked when a dozen or so students informed him of the mistake. "You kids must be getting
smarter," he remarked. "We've had that sign that way for four years—and no one's ever noticed
it before.

Photo by Ho O'Ncil
IT WAS A LOVELY day for sightseeing Wednesday, but—oh!—that sign on the bus. Somebody forgot
to tell Graylines Tours that "Stanford" is spelled with only one "d. Driver Steve Johansen was
shocked when a dozen or so students informed him of the mistake. "You kids must be getting
smarter," he remarked. "We've had that sign that way for four years—and no one's ever noticed
it before.

Photo by Ho O'Ncil
IT WAS A LOVELY day for sightseeing Wednesday, but—oh!—that sign on the bus. Somebody forgot
to tell Graylines Tours that "Stanford" is spelled with only one "d. Driver Steve Johansen was
shocked when a dozen or so students informed him of the mistake. "You kids must be getting
smarter," he remarked. "We've had that sign that way for four years—and no one's ever noticed
it before.

Photo by Ho O'Ncil
IT WAS A LOVELY day for sightseeing Wednesday, but—oh!—that sign on the bus. Somebody forgot
to tell Graylines Tours that "Stanford" is spelled with only one "d. Driver Steve Johansen was
shocked when a dozen or so students informed him of the mistake. "You kids must be getting
smarter," he remarked. "We've had that sign that way for four years—and no one's ever noticed
it before.

Photo by Ho O'Ncil
IT WAS A LOVELY day for sightseeing Wednesday, but—oh!—that sign on the bus. Somebody forgot
to tell Graylines Tours that "Stanford" is spelled with only one "d. Driver Steve Johansen was
shocked when a dozen or so students informed him of the mistake. "You kids must be getting
smarter," he remarked. "We've had that sign that way for four years—and no one's ever noticed
it before.

Photo by Ho O'Ncil
IT WAS A LOVELY day for sightseeing Wednesday, but—oh!—that sign on the bus. Somebody forgot
to tell Graylines Tours that "Stanford" is spelled with only one "d. Driver Steve Johansen was
shocked when a dozen or so students informed him of the mistake. "You kids must be getting
smarter," he remarked. "We've had that sign that way for four years—and no one's ever noticed
it before.

Photo by Ho O'Ncil
IT WAS A LOVELY day for sightseeing Wednesday, but—oh!—that sign on the bus. Somebody forgot
to tell Graylines Tours that "Stanford" is spelled with only one "d. Driver Steve Johansen was
shocked when a dozen or so students informed him of the mistake. "You kids must be getting
smarter," he remarked. "We've had that sign that way for four years—and no one's ever noticed
it before.

Photo by Ho O'Ncil
IT WAS A LOVELY day for sightseeing Wednesday, but—oh!—that sign on the bus. Somebody forgot
to tell Graylines Tours that "Stanford" is spelled with only one "d. Driver Steve Johansen was
shocked when a dozen or so students informed him of the mistake. "You kids must be getting
smarter," he remarked. "We've had that sign that way for four years—and no one's ever noticed
it before.

Photo by Ho O'Ncil
IT WAS A LOVELY day for sightseeing Wednesday, but—oh!—that sign on the bus. Somebody forgot
to tell Graylines Tours that "Stanford" is spelled with only one "d. Driver Steve Johansen was
shocked when a dozen or so students informed him of the mistake. "You kids must be getting
smarter," he remarked. "We've had that sign that way for four years—and no one's ever noticed
it before.

Photo by Ho O'Ncil
IT WAS A LOVELY day for sightseeing Wednesday, but—oh!—that sign on the bus. Somebody forgot
to tell Graylines Tours that "Stanford" is spelled with only one "d. Driver Steve Johansen was
shocked when a dozen or so students informed him of the mistake. "You kids must be getting
smarter," he remarked. "We've had that sign that way for four years—and no one's ever noticed
it before.

Photo by Ho O'Ncil
IT WAS A LOVELY day for sightseeing Wednesday, but—oh!—that sign on the bus. Somebody forgot
to tell Graylines Tours that "Stanford" is spelled with only one "d. Driver Steve Johansen was
shocked when a dozen or so students informed him of the mistake. "You kids must be getting
smarter," he remarked. "We've had that sign that way for four years—and no one's ever noticed
it before.

Photo by Ho O'Ncil
IT WAS A LOVELY day for sightseeing Wednesday, but—oh!—that sign on the bus. Somebody forgot
to tell Graylines Tours that "Stanford" is spelled with only one "d. Driver Steve Johansen was
shocked when a dozen or so students informed him of the mistake. "You kids must be getting
smarter," he remarked. "We've had that sign that way for four years—and no one's ever noticed
it before.

Photo by Ho O'Ncil
IT WAS A LOVELY day for sightseeing Wednesday, but—oh!—that sign on the bus. Somebody forgot
to tell Graylines Tours that "Stanford" is spelled with only one "d. Driver Steve Johansen was
shocked when a dozen or so students informed him of the mistake. "You kids must be getting
smarter," he remarked. "We've had that sign that way for four years—and no one's ever noticed
it before.

Photo by Ho O'Ncil
IT WAS A LOVELY day for sightseeing Wednesday, but—oh!—that sign on the bus. Somebody forgot
to tell Graylines Tours that "Stanford" is spelled with only one "d. Driver Steve Johansen was
shocked when a dozen or so students informed him of the mistake. "You kids must be getting
smarter," he remarked. "We've had that sign that way for four years—and no one's ever noticed
it before.

Photo by Ho O'Ncil
IT WAS A LOVELY day for sightseeing Wednesday, but—oh!—that sign on the bus. Somebody forgot
to tell Graylines Tours that "Stanford" is spelled with only one "d. Driver Steve Johansen was
shocked when a dozen or so students informed him of the mistake. "You kids must be getting
smarter," he remarked. "We've had that sign that way for four years—and no one's ever noticed
it before.

Photo by Ho O'Ncil
IT WAS A LOVELY day for sightseeing Wednesday, but—oh!—that sign on the bus. Somebody forgot
to tell Graylines Tours that "Stanford" is spelled with only one "d. Driver Steve Johansen was
shocked when a dozen or so students informed him of the mistake. "You kids must be getting
smarter," he remarked. "We've had that sign that way for four years—and no one's ever noticed
it before.
