# News Around the World
## (Compiled from dispatches of the United Press) U.B. Renews Salk Vaccine Program 
### 
WASHINGTON. June I—The gov
ernment today released 200,000 shots
of embargoed Salk polio vaccine to
get the nationwide vaccination pro
gram rolling again after a two-week
delay.
The U.S. Public Health Service,
which announced the release, said,
"This action will permit completion
of first vaccinations in a number of
communities in which immunization
programs were interrupted."

"From this point forward, vaccine
supplies will become progressively
available under the provisions of
the revised standards for vaccine
production and testing announced
last Friday," the Health Service
said.
WASHINGTON. June I—The gov
ernment today released 200,000 shots
of embargoed Salk polio vaccine to
get the nationwide vaccination pro
gram rolling again after a two-week
delay.
The U.S. Public Health Service,
which announced the release, said,
"This action will permit completion
of first vaccinations in a number of
communities in which immunization
programs were interrupted."

"From this point forward, vaccine
supplies will become progressively
available under the provisions of
the revised standards for vaccine
production and testing announced
last Friday," the Health Service
said.
WASHINGTON. June I—The gov
ernment today released 200,000 shots
of embargoed Salk polio vaccine to
get the nationwide vaccination pro
gram rolling again after a two-week
delay.
The U.S. Public Health Service,
which announced the release, said,
"This action will permit completion
of first vaccinations in a number of
communities in which immunization
programs were interrupted."

"From this point forward, vaccine
supplies will become progressively
available under the provisions of
the revised standards for vaccine
production and testing announced
last Friday," the Health Service
said.
WASHINGTON. June I—The gov
ernment today released 200,000 shots
of embargoed Salk polio vaccine to
get the nationwide vaccination pro
gram rolling again after a two-week
delay.
The U.S. Public Health Service,
which announced the release, said,
"This action will permit completion
of first vaccinations in a number of
communities in which immunization
programs were interrupted."

"From this point forward, vaccine
supplies will become progressively
available under the provisions of
the revised standards for vaccine
production and testing announced
last Friday," the Health Service
said.
WASHINGTON. June I—The gov
ernment today released 200,000 shots
of embargoed Salk polio vaccine to
get the nationwide vaccination pro
gram rolling again after a two-week
delay.
The U.S. Public Health Service,
which announced the release, said,
"This action will permit completion
of first vaccinations in a number of
communities in which immunization
programs were interrupted."

"From this point forward, vaccine
supplies will become progressively
available under the provisions of
the revised standards for vaccine
production and testing announced
last Friday," the Health Service
said.
WASHINGTON. June I—The gov
ernment today released 200,000 shots
of embargoed Salk polio vaccine to
get the nationwide vaccination pro
gram rolling again after a two-week
delay.
The U.S. Public Health Service,
which announced the release, said,
"This action will permit completion
of first vaccinations in a number of
communities in which immunization
programs were interrupted."

"From this point forward, vaccine
supplies will become progressively
available under the provisions of
the revised standards for vaccine
production and testing announced
last Friday," the Health Service
said.
WASHINGTON. June I—The gov
ernment today released 200,000 shots
of embargoed Salk polio vaccine to
get the nationwide vaccination pro
gram rolling again after a two-week
delay.
The U.S. Public Health Service,
which announced the release, said,
"This action will permit completion
of first vaccinations in a number of
communities in which immunization
programs were interrupted."

"From this point forward, vaccine
supplies will become progressively
available under the provisions of
the revised standards for vaccine
production and testing announced
last Friday," the Health Service
said.
WASHINGTON. June I—The gov
ernment today released 200,000 shots
of embargoed Salk polio vaccine to
get the nationwide vaccination pro
gram rolling again after a two-week
delay.
The U.S. Public Health Service,
which announced the release, said,
"This action will permit completion
of first vaccinations in a number of
communities in which immunization
programs were interrupted."

"From this point forward, vaccine
supplies will become progressively
available under the provisions of
the revised standards for vaccine
production and testing announced
last Friday," the Health Service
said.
WASHINGTON. June I—The gov
ernment today released 200,000 shots
of embargoed Salk polio vaccine to
get the nationwide vaccination pro
gram rolling again after a two-week
delay.
The U.S. Public Health Service,
which announced the release, said,
"This action will permit completion
of first vaccinations in a number of
communities in which immunization
programs were interrupted."

"From this point forward, vaccine
supplies will become progressively
available under the provisions of
the revised standards for vaccine
production and testing announced
last Friday," the Health Service
said.
WASHINGTON. June I—The gov
ernment today released 200,000 shots
of embargoed Salk polio vaccine to
get the nationwide vaccination pro
gram rolling again after a two-week
delay.
The U.S. Public Health Service,
which announced the release, said,
"This action will permit completion
of first vaccinations in a number of
communities in which immunization
programs were interrupted."

"From this point forward, vaccine
supplies will become progressively
available under the provisions of
the revised standards for vaccine
production and testing announced
last Friday," the Health Service
said.
WASHINGTON. June I—The gov
ernment today released 200,000 shots
of embargoed Salk polio vaccine to
get the nationwide vaccination pro
gram rolling again after a two-week
delay.
The U.S. Public Health Service,
which announced the release, said,
"This action will permit completion
of first vaccinations in a number of
communities in which immunization
programs were interrupted."

"From this point forward, vaccine
supplies will become progressively
available under the provisions of
the revised standards for vaccine
production and testing announced
last Friday," the Health Service
said.
WASHINGTON. June I—The gov
ernment today released 200,000 shots
of embargoed Salk polio vaccine to
get the nationwide vaccination pro
gram rolling again after a two-week
delay.
The U.S. Public Health Service,
which announced the release, said,
"This action will permit completion
of first vaccinations in a number of
communities in which immunization
programs were interrupted."

"From this point forward, vaccine
supplies will become progressively
available under the provisions of
the revised standards for vaccine
production and testing announced
last Friday," the Health Service
said.
WASHINGTON. June I—The gov
ernment today released 200,000 shots
of embargoed Salk polio vaccine to
get the nationwide vaccination pro
gram rolling again after a two-week
delay.
The U.S. Public Health Service,
which announced the release, said,
"This action will permit completion
of first vaccinations in a number of
communities in which immunization
programs were interrupted."

"From this point forward, vaccine
supplies will become progressively
available under the provisions of
the revised standards for vaccine
production and testing announced
last Friday," the Health Service
said.
WASHINGTON. June I—The gov
ernment today released 200,000 shots
of embargoed Salk polio vaccine to
get the nationwide vaccination pro
gram rolling again after a two-week
delay.
The U.S. Public Health Service,
which announced the release, said,
"This action will permit completion
of first vaccinations in a number of
communities in which immunization
programs were interrupted."

"From this point forward, vaccine
supplies will become progressively
available under the provisions of
the revised standards for vaccine
production and testing announced
last Friday," the Health Service
said.
WASHINGTON. June I—The gov
ernment today released 200,000 shots
of embargoed Salk polio vaccine to
get the nationwide vaccination pro
gram rolling again after a two-week
delay.
The U.S. Public Health Service,
which announced the release, said,
"This action will permit completion
of first vaccinations in a number of
communities in which immunization
programs were interrupted."

"From this point forward, vaccine
supplies will become progressively
available under the provisions of
the revised standards for vaccine
production and testing announced
last Friday," the Health Service
said.
