# Adv. 6 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS*
r %
Believe us, the Indians
never had it this good.
Moccasin footwear
styled by those know
ing people at Standish
(get the connection?)
■
■
I
and Walkover and
Nettleton (no connec
tion!). Most comfort
able and most correct.
A standout investment
atR A for year around
wear. Take your
choice of black or
brown calf, pardner,
from 14.95 to
26.00 each.
ROOS/ATKINS
■
1
1
*
INDIANS*
r %
Believe us, the Indians
never had it this good.
Moccasin footwear
styled by those know
ing people at Standish
(get the connection?)
■
■
I
and Walkover and
Nettleton (no connec
tion!). Most comfort
able and most correct.
A standout investment
atR A for year around
wear. Take your
choice of black or
brown calf, pardner,
from 14.95 to
26.00 each.
ROOS/ATKINS
■
1
1
*
INDIANS*
r %
Believe us, the Indians
never had it this good.
Moccasin footwear
styled by those know
ing people at Standish
(get the connection?)
■
■
I
and Walkover and
Nettleton (no connec
tion!). Most comfort
able and most correct.
A standout investment
atR A for year around
wear. Take your
choice of black or
brown calf, pardner,
from 14.95 to
26.00 each.
ROOS/ATKINS
■
1
1
*
INDIANS*
r %
Believe us, the Indians
never had it this good.
Moccasin footwear
styled by those know
ing people at Standish
(get the connection?)
■
■
I
and Walkover and
Nettleton (no connec
tion!). Most comfort
able and most correct.
A standout investment
atR A for year around
wear. Take your
choice of black or
brown calf, pardner,
from 14.95 to
26.00 each.
ROOS/ATKINS
■
1
1
*
INDIANS*
r %
Believe us, the Indians
never had it this good.
Moccasin footwear
styled by those know
ing people at Standish
(get the connection?)
■
■
I
and Walkover and
Nettleton (no connec
tion!). Most comfort
able and most correct.
A standout investment
atR A for year around
wear. Take your
choice of black or
brown calf, pardner,
from 14.95 to
26.00 each.
ROOS/ATKINS
■
1
1
*
INDIANS*
r %
Believe us, the Indians
never had it this good.
Moccasin footwear
styled by those know
ing people at Standish
(get the connection?)
■
■
I
and Walkover and
Nettleton (no connec
tion!). Most comfort
able and most correct.
A standout investment
atR A for year around
wear. Take your
choice of black or
brown calf, pardner,
from 14.95 to
26.00 each.
ROOS/ATKINS
■
1
1
*
INDIANS*
r %
Believe us, the Indians
never had it this good.
Moccasin footwear
styled by those know
ing people at Standish
(get the connection?)
■
■
I
and Walkover and
Nettleton (no connec
tion!). Most comfort
able and most correct.
A standout investment
atR A for year around
wear. Take your
choice of black or
brown calf, pardner,
from 14.95 to
26.00 each.
ROOS/ATKINS
■
1
1
*
INDIANS*
r %
Believe us, the Indians
never had it this good.
Moccasin footwear
styled by those know
ing people at Standish
(get the connection?)
■
■
I
and Walkover and
Nettleton (no connec
tion!). Most comfort
able and most correct.
A standout investment
atR A for year around
wear. Take your
choice of black or
brown calf, pardner,
from 14.95 to
26.00 each.
ROOS/ATKINS
■
1
1
*
INDIANS*
r %
Believe us, the Indians
never had it this good.
Moccasin footwear
styled by those know
ing people at Standish
(get the connection?)
■
■
I
and Walkover and
Nettleton (no connec
tion!). Most comfort
able and most correct.
A standout investment
atR A for year around
wear. Take your
choice of black or
brown calf, pardner,
from 14.95 to
26.00 each.
ROOS/ATKINS
■
1
1
*
INDIANS*
r %
Believe us, the Indians
never had it this good.
Moccasin footwear
styled by those know
ing people at Standish
(get the connection?)
■
■
I
and Walkover and
Nettleton (no connec
tion!). Most comfort
able and most correct.
A standout investment
atR A for year around
wear. Take your
choice of black or
brown calf, pardner,
from 14.95 to
26.00 each.
ROOS/ATKINS
■
1
1
*
INDIANS*
r %
Believe us, the Indians
never had it this good.
Moccasin footwear
styled by those know
ing people at Standish
(get the connection?)
■
■
I
and Walkover and
Nettleton (no connec
tion!). Most comfort
able and most correct.
A standout investment
atR A for year around
wear. Take your
choice of black or
brown calf, pardner,
from 14.95 to
26.00 each.
ROOS/ATKINS
■
1
1
*
INDIANS*
r %
Believe us, the Indians
never had it this good.
Moccasin footwear
styled by those know
ing people at Standish
(get the connection?)
■
■
I
and Walkover and
Nettleton (no connec
tion!). Most comfort
able and most correct.
A standout investment
atR A for year around
wear. Take your
choice of black or
brown calf, pardner,
from 14.95 to
26.00 each.
ROOS/ATKINS
■
1
1
*
INDIANS*
r %
Believe us, the Indians
never had it this good.
Moccasin footwear
styled by those know
ing people at Standish
(get the connection?)
■
■
I
and Walkover and
Nettleton (no connec
tion!). Most comfort
able and most correct.
A standout investment
atR A for year around
wear. Take your
choice of black or
brown calf, pardner,
from 14.95 to
26.00 each.
ROOS/ATKINS
■
1
1
*
INDIANS*
r %
Believe us, the Indians
never had it this good.
Moccasin footwear
styled by those know
ing people at Standish
(get the connection?)
■
■
I
and Walkover and
Nettleton (no connec
tion!). Most comfort
able and most correct.
A standout investment
atR A for year around
wear. Take your
choice of black or
brown calf, pardner,
from 14.95 to
26.00 each.
ROOS/ATKINS
■
1
1
*
INDIANS*
r %
Believe us, the Indians
never had it this good.
Moccasin footwear
styled by those know
ing people at Standish
(get the connection?)
■
■
I
and Walkover and
Nettleton (no connec
tion!). Most comfort
able and most correct.
A standout investment
atR A for year around
wear. Take your
choice of black or
brown calf, pardner,
from 14.95 to
26.00 each.
ROOS/ATKINS
■
1
1
*
INDIANS*
r %
Believe us, the Indians
never had it this good.
Moccasin footwear
styled by those know
ing people at Standish
(get the connection?)
■
■
I
and Walkover and
Nettleton (no connec
tion!). Most comfort
able and most correct.
A standout investment
atR A for year around
wear. Take your
choice of black or
brown calf, pardner,
from 14.95 to
26.00 each.
ROOS/ATKINS
■
1
1
*
INDIANS*
r %
Believe us, the Indians
never had it this good.
Moccasin footwear
styled by those know
ing people at Standish
(get the connection?)
■
■
I
and Walkover and
Nettleton (no connec
tion!). Most comfort
able and most correct.
A standout investment
atR A for year around
wear. Take your
choice of black or
brown calf, pardner,
from 14.95 to
26.00 each.
ROOS/ATKINS
■
1
1
*
