# Adv. 5 Page 1
## 
### 
Oh , Memories
Quads will be on sale today
from 9 a.in. to 5 p.m. at En
gineering: Corner and in front
of the Post Office.
Oh , Memories
Quads will be on sale today
from 9 a.in. to 5 p.m. at En
gineering: Corner and in front
of the Post Office.
Oh , Memories
Quads will be on sale today
from 9 a.in. to 5 p.m. at En
gineering: Corner and in front
of the Post Office.
Oh , Memories
Quads will be on sale today
from 9 a.in. to 5 p.m. at En
gineering: Corner and in front
of the Post Office.
Oh , Memories
Quads will be on sale today
from 9 a.in. to 5 p.m. at En
gineering: Corner and in front
of the Post Office.
Oh , Memories
Quads will be on sale today
from 9 a.in. to 5 p.m. at En
gineering: Corner and in front
of the Post Office.
Oh , Memories
Quads will be on sale today
from 9 a.in. to 5 p.m. at En
gineering: Corner and in front
of the Post Office.
Oh , Memories
Quads will be on sale today
from 9 a.in. to 5 p.m. at En
gineering: Corner and in front
of the Post Office.
Oh , Memories
Quads will be on sale today
from 9 a.in. to 5 p.m. at En
gineering: Corner and in front
of the Post Office.
Oh , Memories
Quads will be on sale today
from 9 a.in. to 5 p.m. at En
gineering: Corner and in front
of the Post Office.
Oh , Memories
Quads will be on sale today
from 9 a.in. to 5 p.m. at En
gineering: Corner and in front
of the Post Office.
Oh , Memories
Quads will be on sale today
from 9 a.in. to 5 p.m. at En
gineering: Corner and in front
of the Post Office.
Oh , Memories
Quads will be on sale today
from 9 a.in. to 5 p.m. at En
gineering: Corner and in front
of the Post Office.
Oh , Memories
Quads will be on sale today
from 9 a.in. to 5 p.m. at En
gineering: Corner and in front
of the Post Office.
Oh , Memories
Quads will be on sale today
from 9 a.in. to 5 p.m. at En
gineering: Corner and in front
of the Post Office.
Oh , Memories
Quads will be on sale today
from 9 a.in. to 5 p.m. at En
gineering: Corner and in front
of the Post Office.
Oh , Memories
Quads will be on sale today
from 9 a.in. to 5 p.m. at En
gineering: Corner and in front
of the Post Office.
