# Reverend Oliver To Speak Sunday
## 
### 
The Reverend Thomas E. Oliver,
acting chaplain of the University,
will tfive the sermon in Memorial
Church Sunday. Music will bo af
forded by the University choir, and
by Miss Edna Folsom, soprano
soloist. Miss Folsom, a Stanford
sophomore will sint; Handel's "Come
Unto Him" from "The Messiah."
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will present an organ re
cital Sunday, May 7, at 4 o'clock.
Musical selections will include
"Rigaudon" by Lully-Best; "Mu
sette en rondeau" by J. P Rameau;
Handel's Overture from "The Mes
siah," and the minuet from "Bere
nice"; Mendelssohn's "Spring Song";
and Concert Variations by Joseph
Bonnet.
The Reverend Thomas E. Oliver,
acting chaplain of the University,
will tfive the sermon in Memorial
Church Sunday. Music will bo af
forded by the University choir, and
by Miss Edna Folsom, soprano
soloist. Miss Folsom, a Stanford
sophomore will sint; Handel's "Come
Unto Him" from "The Messiah."
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will present an organ re
cital Sunday, May 7, at 4 o'clock.
Musical selections will include
"Rigaudon" by Lully-Best; "Mu
sette en rondeau" by J. P Rameau;
Handel's Overture from "The Mes
siah," and the minuet from "Bere
nice"; Mendelssohn's "Spring Song";
and Concert Variations by Joseph
Bonnet.
The Reverend Thomas E. Oliver,
acting chaplain of the University,
will tfive the sermon in Memorial
Church Sunday. Music will bo af
forded by the University choir, and
by Miss Edna Folsom, soprano
soloist. Miss Folsom, a Stanford
sophomore will sint; Handel's "Come
Unto Him" from "The Messiah."
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will present an organ re
cital Sunday, May 7, at 4 o'clock.
Musical selections will include
"Rigaudon" by Lully-Best; "Mu
sette en rondeau" by J. P Rameau;
Handel's Overture from "The Mes
siah," and the minuet from "Bere
nice"; Mendelssohn's "Spring Song";
and Concert Variations by Joseph
Bonnet.
The Reverend Thomas E. Oliver,
acting chaplain of the University,
will tfive the sermon in Memorial
Church Sunday. Music will bo af
forded by the University choir, and
by Miss Edna Folsom, soprano
soloist. Miss Folsom, a Stanford
sophomore will sint; Handel's "Come
Unto Him" from "The Messiah."
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will present an organ re
cital Sunday, May 7, at 4 o'clock.
Musical selections will include
"Rigaudon" by Lully-Best; "Mu
sette en rondeau" by J. P Rameau;
Handel's Overture from "The Mes
siah," and the minuet from "Bere
nice"; Mendelssohn's "Spring Song";
and Concert Variations by Joseph
Bonnet.
The Reverend Thomas E. Oliver,
acting chaplain of the University,
will tfive the sermon in Memorial
Church Sunday. Music will bo af
forded by the University choir, and
by Miss Edna Folsom, soprano
soloist. Miss Folsom, a Stanford
sophomore will sint; Handel's "Come
Unto Him" from "The Messiah."
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will present an organ re
cital Sunday, May 7, at 4 o'clock.
Musical selections will include
"Rigaudon" by Lully-Best; "Mu
sette en rondeau" by J. P Rameau;
Handel's Overture from "The Mes
siah," and the minuet from "Bere
nice"; Mendelssohn's "Spring Song";
and Concert Variations by Joseph
Bonnet.
The Reverend Thomas E. Oliver,
acting chaplain of the University,
will tfive the sermon in Memorial
Church Sunday. Music will bo af
forded by the University choir, and
by Miss Edna Folsom, soprano
soloist. Miss Folsom, a Stanford
sophomore will sint; Handel's "Come
Unto Him" from "The Messiah."
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will present an organ re
cital Sunday, May 7, at 4 o'clock.
Musical selections will include
"Rigaudon" by Lully-Best; "Mu
sette en rondeau" by J. P Rameau;
Handel's Overture from "The Mes
siah," and the minuet from "Bere
nice"; Mendelssohn's "Spring Song";
and Concert Variations by Joseph
Bonnet.
The Reverend Thomas E. Oliver,
acting chaplain of the University,
will tfive the sermon in Memorial
Church Sunday. Music will bo af
forded by the University choir, and
by Miss Edna Folsom, soprano
soloist. Miss Folsom, a Stanford
sophomore will sint; Handel's "Come
Unto Him" from "The Messiah."
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will present an organ re
cital Sunday, May 7, at 4 o'clock.
Musical selections will include
"Rigaudon" by Lully-Best; "Mu
sette en rondeau" by J. P Rameau;
Handel's Overture from "The Mes
siah," and the minuet from "Bere
nice"; Mendelssohn's "Spring Song";
and Concert Variations by Joseph
Bonnet.
The Reverend Thomas E. Oliver,
acting chaplain of the University,
will tfive the sermon in Memorial
Church Sunday. Music will bo af
forded by the University choir, and
by Miss Edna Folsom, soprano
soloist. Miss Folsom, a Stanford
sophomore will sint; Handel's "Come
Unto Him" from "The Messiah."
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will present an organ re
cital Sunday, May 7, at 4 o'clock.
Musical selections will include
"Rigaudon" by Lully-Best; "Mu
sette en rondeau" by J. P Rameau;
Handel's Overture from "The Mes
siah," and the minuet from "Bere
nice"; Mendelssohn's "Spring Song";
and Concert Variations by Joseph
Bonnet.
The Reverend Thomas E. Oliver,
acting chaplain of the University,
will tfive the sermon in Memorial
Church Sunday. Music will bo af
forded by the University choir, and
by Miss Edna Folsom, soprano
soloist. Miss Folsom, a Stanford
sophomore will sint; Handel's "Come
Unto Him" from "The Messiah."
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will present an organ re
cital Sunday, May 7, at 4 o'clock.
Musical selections will include
"Rigaudon" by Lully-Best; "Mu
sette en rondeau" by J. P Rameau;
Handel's Overture from "The Mes
siah," and the minuet from "Bere
nice"; Mendelssohn's "Spring Song";
and Concert Variations by Joseph
Bonnet.
The Reverend Thomas E. Oliver,
acting chaplain of the University,
will tfive the sermon in Memorial
Church Sunday. Music will bo af
forded by the University choir, and
by Miss Edna Folsom, soprano
soloist. Miss Folsom, a Stanford
sophomore will sint; Handel's "Come
Unto Him" from "The Messiah."
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will present an organ re
cital Sunday, May 7, at 4 o'clock.
Musical selections will include
"Rigaudon" by Lully-Best; "Mu
sette en rondeau" by J. P Rameau;
Handel's Overture from "The Mes
siah," and the minuet from "Bere
nice"; Mendelssohn's "Spring Song";
and Concert Variations by Joseph
Bonnet.
The Reverend Thomas E. Oliver,
acting chaplain of the University,
will tfive the sermon in Memorial
Church Sunday. Music will bo af
forded by the University choir, and
by Miss Edna Folsom, soprano
soloist. Miss Folsom, a Stanford
sophomore will sint; Handel's "Come
Unto Him" from "The Messiah."
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will present an organ re
cital Sunday, May 7, at 4 o'clock.
Musical selections will include
"Rigaudon" by Lully-Best; "Mu
sette en rondeau" by J. P Rameau;
Handel's Overture from "The Mes
siah," and the minuet from "Bere
nice"; Mendelssohn's "Spring Song";
and Concert Variations by Joseph
Bonnet.
The Reverend Thomas E. Oliver,
acting chaplain of the University,
will tfive the sermon in Memorial
Church Sunday. Music will bo af
forded by the University choir, and
by Miss Edna Folsom, soprano
soloist. Miss Folsom, a Stanford
sophomore will sint; Handel's "Come
Unto Him" from "The Messiah."
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will present an organ re
cital Sunday, May 7, at 4 o'clock.
Musical selections will include
"Rigaudon" by Lully-Best; "Mu
sette en rondeau" by J. P Rameau;
Handel's Overture from "The Mes
siah," and the minuet from "Bere
nice"; Mendelssohn's "Spring Song";
and Concert Variations by Joseph
Bonnet.
The Reverend Thomas E. Oliver,
acting chaplain of the University,
will tfive the sermon in Memorial
Church Sunday. Music will bo af
forded by the University choir, and
by Miss Edna Folsom, soprano
soloist. Miss Folsom, a Stanford
sophomore will sint; Handel's "Come
Unto Him" from "The Messiah."
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will present an organ re
cital Sunday, May 7, at 4 o'clock.
Musical selections will include
"Rigaudon" by Lully-Best; "Mu
sette en rondeau" by J. P Rameau;
Handel's Overture from "The Mes
siah," and the minuet from "Bere
nice"; Mendelssohn's "Spring Song";
and Concert Variations by Joseph
Bonnet.
The Reverend Thomas E. Oliver,
acting chaplain of the University,
will tfive the sermon in Memorial
Church Sunday. Music will bo af
forded by the University choir, and
by Miss Edna Folsom, soprano
soloist. Miss Folsom, a Stanford
sophomore will sint; Handel's "Come
Unto Him" from "The Messiah."
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will present an organ re
cital Sunday, May 7, at 4 o'clock.
Musical selections will include
"Rigaudon" by Lully-Best; "Mu
sette en rondeau" by J. P Rameau;
Handel's Overture from "The Mes
siah," and the minuet from "Bere
nice"; Mendelssohn's "Spring Song";
and Concert Variations by Joseph
Bonnet.
The Reverend Thomas E. Oliver,
acting chaplain of the University,
will tfive the sermon in Memorial
Church Sunday. Music will bo af
forded by the University choir, and
by Miss Edna Folsom, soprano
soloist. Miss Folsom, a Stanford
sophomore will sint; Handel's "Come
Unto Him" from "The Messiah."
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will present an organ re
cital Sunday, May 7, at 4 o'clock.
Musical selections will include
"Rigaudon" by Lully-Best; "Mu
sette en rondeau" by J. P Rameau;
Handel's Overture from "The Mes
siah," and the minuet from "Bere
nice"; Mendelssohn's "Spring Song";
and Concert Variations by Joseph
Bonnet.
The Reverend Thomas E. Oliver,
acting chaplain of the University,
will tfive the sermon in Memorial
Church Sunday. Music will bo af
forded by the University choir, and
by Miss Edna Folsom, soprano
soloist. Miss Folsom, a Stanford
sophomore will sint; Handel's "Come
Unto Him" from "The Messiah."
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will present an organ re
cital Sunday, May 7, at 4 o'clock.
Musical selections will include
"Rigaudon" by Lully-Best; "Mu
sette en rondeau" by J. P Rameau;
Handel's Overture from "The Mes
siah," and the minuet from "Bere
nice"; Mendelssohn's "Spring Song";
and Concert Variations by Joseph
Bonnet.
