# CAMPUS OPINION
## KINGS TRUE 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
Whoever stole the Delta Chi din
ner bell from the bingo booth at
the Sophomore Carnival sure has a
lot of brass.
N. E. Studman
The Editor, Sir:
Whoever stole the Delta Chi din
ner bell from the bingo booth at
the Sophomore Carnival sure has a
lot of brass.
N. E. Studman
The Editor, Sir:
Whoever stole the Delta Chi din
ner bell from the bingo booth at
the Sophomore Carnival sure has a
lot of brass.
N. E. Studman
The Editor, Sir:
Whoever stole the Delta Chi din
ner bell from the bingo booth at
the Sophomore Carnival sure has a
lot of brass.
N. E. Studman
The Editor, Sir:
Whoever stole the Delta Chi din
ner bell from the bingo booth at
the Sophomore Carnival sure has a
lot of brass.
N. E. Studman
The Editor, Sir:
Whoever stole the Delta Chi din
ner bell from the bingo booth at
the Sophomore Carnival sure has a
lot of brass.
N. E. Studman
The Editor, Sir:
Whoever stole the Delta Chi din
ner bell from the bingo booth at
the Sophomore Carnival sure has a
lot of brass.
N. E. Studman
The Editor, Sir:
Whoever stole the Delta Chi din
ner bell from the bingo booth at
the Sophomore Carnival sure has a
lot of brass.
N. E. Studman
The Editor, Sir:
Whoever stole the Delta Chi din
ner bell from the bingo booth at
the Sophomore Carnival sure has a
lot of brass.
N. E. Studman
The Editor, Sir:
Whoever stole the Delta Chi din
ner bell from the bingo booth at
the Sophomore Carnival sure has a
lot of brass.
N. E. Studman
The Editor, Sir:
Whoever stole the Delta Chi din
ner bell from the bingo booth at
the Sophomore Carnival sure has a
lot of brass.
N. E. Studman
The Editor, Sir:
Whoever stole the Delta Chi din
ner bell from the bingo booth at
the Sophomore Carnival sure has a
lot of brass.
N. E. Studman
The Editor, Sir:
Whoever stole the Delta Chi din
ner bell from the bingo booth at
the Sophomore Carnival sure has a
lot of brass.
N. E. Studman
The Editor, Sir:
Whoever stole the Delta Chi din
ner bell from the bingo booth at
the Sophomore Carnival sure has a
lot of brass.
N. E. Studman
The Editor, Sir:
Whoever stole the Delta Chi din
ner bell from the bingo booth at
the Sophomore Carnival sure has a
lot of brass.
N. E. Studman
The Editor, Sir:
Whoever stole the Delta Chi din
ner bell from the bingo booth at
the Sophomore Carnival sure has a
lot of brass.
N. E. Studman
