# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
News from
LUNDIN-
Mcßride
Nautical but nice,
our "Yachting
Mates/' shorts,
pedal-pushers, skirts,
blouses, dresses, and
even caps, from
$1.98
Sailor ahoy!
150 University Palo Alto
News from
LUNDIN-
Mcßride
Nautical but nice,
our "Yachting
Mates/' shorts,
pedal-pushers, skirts,
blouses, dresses, and
even caps, from
$1.98
Sailor ahoy!
150 University Palo Alto
News from
LUNDIN-
Mcßride
Nautical but nice,
our "Yachting
Mates/' shorts,
pedal-pushers, skirts,
blouses, dresses, and
even caps, from
$1.98
Sailor ahoy!
150 University Palo Alto
News from
LUNDIN-
Mcßride
Nautical but nice,
our "Yachting
Mates/' shorts,
pedal-pushers, skirts,
blouses, dresses, and
even caps, from
$1.98
Sailor ahoy!
150 University Palo Alto
News from
LUNDIN-
Mcßride
Nautical but nice,
our "Yachting
Mates/' shorts,
pedal-pushers, skirts,
blouses, dresses, and
even caps, from
$1.98
Sailor ahoy!
150 University Palo Alto
News from
LUNDIN-
Mcßride
Nautical but nice,
our "Yachting
Mates/' shorts,
pedal-pushers, skirts,
blouses, dresses, and
even caps, from
$1.98
Sailor ahoy!
150 University Palo Alto
News from
LUNDIN-
Mcßride
Nautical but nice,
our "Yachting
Mates/' shorts,
pedal-pushers, skirts,
blouses, dresses, and
even caps, from
$1.98
Sailor ahoy!
150 University Palo Alto
News from
LUNDIN-
Mcßride
Nautical but nice,
our "Yachting
Mates/' shorts,
pedal-pushers, skirts,
blouses, dresses, and
even caps, from
$1.98
Sailor ahoy!
150 University Palo Alto
News from
LUNDIN-
Mcßride
Nautical but nice,
our "Yachting
Mates/' shorts,
pedal-pushers, skirts,
blouses, dresses, and
even caps, from
$1.98
Sailor ahoy!
150 University Palo Alto
News from
LUNDIN-
Mcßride
Nautical but nice,
our "Yachting
Mates/' shorts,
pedal-pushers, skirts,
blouses, dresses, and
even caps, from
$1.98
Sailor ahoy!
150 University Palo Alto
News from
LUNDIN-
Mcßride
Nautical but nice,
our "Yachting
Mates/' shorts,
pedal-pushers, skirts,
blouses, dresses, and
even caps, from
$1.98
Sailor ahoy!
150 University Palo Alto
News from
LUNDIN-
Mcßride
Nautical but nice,
our "Yachting
Mates/' shorts,
pedal-pushers, skirts,
blouses, dresses, and
even caps, from
$1.98
Sailor ahoy!
150 University Palo Alto
News from
LUNDIN-
Mcßride
Nautical but nice,
our "Yachting
Mates/' shorts,
pedal-pushers, skirts,
blouses, dresses, and
even caps, from
$1.98
Sailor ahoy!
150 University Palo Alto
News from
LUNDIN-
Mcßride
Nautical but nice,
our "Yachting
Mates/' shorts,
pedal-pushers, skirts,
blouses, dresses, and
even caps, from
$1.98
Sailor ahoy!
150 University Palo Alto
