# Excom Agenda
## 
### 
The Executive Com mil tec will
consider (he Honor Code report
and Air RO commissions tonight.
Excom members and all interested
students will meet in the Excom
room, upstairs in the Nitery, at
7::i0.
The Executive Com mil tec will
consider (he Honor Code report
and Air RO commissions tonight.
Excom members and all interested
students will meet in the Excom
room, upstairs in the Nitery, at
7::i0.
The Executive Com mil tec will
consider (he Honor Code report
and Air RO commissions tonight.
Excom members and all interested
students will meet in the Excom
room, upstairs in the Nitery, at
7::i0.
The Executive Com mil tec will
consider (he Honor Code report
and Air RO commissions tonight.
Excom members and all interested
students will meet in the Excom
room, upstairs in the Nitery, at
7::i0.
The Executive Com mil tec will
consider (he Honor Code report
and Air RO commissions tonight.
Excom members and all interested
students will meet in the Excom
room, upstairs in the Nitery, at
7::i0.
The Executive Com mil tec will
consider (he Honor Code report
and Air RO commissions tonight.
Excom members and all interested
students will meet in the Excom
room, upstairs in the Nitery, at
7::i0.
The Executive Com mil tec will
consider (he Honor Code report
and Air RO commissions tonight.
Excom members and all interested
students will meet in the Excom
room, upstairs in the Nitery, at
7::i0.
The Executive Com mil tec will
consider (he Honor Code report
and Air RO commissions tonight.
Excom members and all interested
students will meet in the Excom
room, upstairs in the Nitery, at
7::i0.
The Executive Com mil tec will
consider (he Honor Code report
and Air RO commissions tonight.
Excom members and all interested
students will meet in the Excom
room, upstairs in the Nitery, at
7::i0.
The Executive Com mil tec will
consider (he Honor Code report
and Air RO commissions tonight.
Excom members and all interested
students will meet in the Excom
room, upstairs in the Nitery, at
7::i0.
The Executive Com mil tec will
consider (he Honor Code report
and Air RO commissions tonight.
Excom members and all interested
students will meet in the Excom
room, upstairs in the Nitery, at
7::i0.
The Executive Com mil tec will
consider (he Honor Code report
and Air RO commissions tonight.
Excom members and all interested
students will meet in the Excom
room, upstairs in the Nitery, at
7::i0.
The Executive Com mil tec will
consider (he Honor Code report
and Air RO commissions tonight.
Excom members and all interested
students will meet in the Excom
room, upstairs in the Nitery, at
7::i0.
The Executive Com mil tec will
consider (he Honor Code report
and Air RO commissions tonight.
Excom members and all interested
students will meet in the Excom
room, upstairs in the Nitery, at
7::i0.
