# ASSU Sets Dates For Applications
## 
### 
Friday is the deadline for turning
in applications to sponsor the fall
quarter Reg Dance to the ASSU of
fice. Additional information may be
obtained from Jeanie Bobis at the
ASSU officc.
* * *
Interviews for tho Sunday Flicks
manager will be held from 4 to 5
today at the Student Manager's of
fice. Applicants may sigh up in the
ASSU office for interviews.

Written applications for co-man
ager positions on the Stanford Oivi
dex, 1954-55, will be acceptor! to
morrow afternoon at 3:30 in the Stu
dent Manager's office. Personal in
terviews will be held at the same
time that the applications are re
ceived.
Friday is the deadline for turning
in applications to sponsor the fall
quarter Reg Dance to the ASSU of
fice. Additional information may be
obtained from Jeanie Bobis at the
ASSU officc.
* * *
Interviews for tho Sunday Flicks
manager will be held from 4 to 5
today at the Student Manager's of
fice. Applicants may sigh up in the
ASSU office for interviews.

Written applications for co-man
ager positions on the Stanford Oivi
dex, 1954-55, will be acceptor! to
morrow afternoon at 3:30 in the Stu
dent Manager's office. Personal in
terviews will be held at the same
time that the applications are re
ceived.
Friday is the deadline for turning
in applications to sponsor the fall
quarter Reg Dance to the ASSU of
fice. Additional information may be
obtained from Jeanie Bobis at the
ASSU officc.
* * *
Interviews for tho Sunday Flicks
manager will be held from 4 to 5
today at the Student Manager's of
fice. Applicants may sigh up in the
ASSU office for interviews.

Written applications for co-man
ager positions on the Stanford Oivi
dex, 1954-55, will be acceptor! to
morrow afternoon at 3:30 in the Stu
dent Manager's office. Personal in
terviews will be held at the same
time that the applications are re
ceived.
Friday is the deadline for turning
in applications to sponsor the fall
quarter Reg Dance to the ASSU of
fice. Additional information may be
obtained from Jeanie Bobis at the
ASSU officc.
* * *
Interviews for tho Sunday Flicks
manager will be held from 4 to 5
today at the Student Manager's of
fice. Applicants may sigh up in the
ASSU office for interviews.

Written applications for co-man
ager positions on the Stanford Oivi
dex, 1954-55, will be acceptor! to
morrow afternoon at 3:30 in the Stu
dent Manager's office. Personal in
terviews will be held at the same
time that the applications are re
ceived.
Friday is the deadline for turning
in applications to sponsor the fall
quarter Reg Dance to the ASSU of
fice. Additional information may be
obtained from Jeanie Bobis at the
ASSU officc.
* * *
Interviews for tho Sunday Flicks
manager will be held from 4 to 5
today at the Student Manager's of
fice. Applicants may sigh up in the
ASSU office for interviews.

Written applications for co-man
ager positions on the Stanford Oivi
dex, 1954-55, will be acceptor! to
morrow afternoon at 3:30 in the Stu
dent Manager's office. Personal in
terviews will be held at the same
time that the applications are re
ceived.
Friday is the deadline for turning
in applications to sponsor the fall
quarter Reg Dance to the ASSU of
fice. Additional information may be
obtained from Jeanie Bobis at the
ASSU officc.
* * *
Interviews for tho Sunday Flicks
manager will be held from 4 to 5
today at the Student Manager's of
fice. Applicants may sigh up in the
ASSU office for interviews.

Written applications for co-man
ager positions on the Stanford Oivi
dex, 1954-55, will be acceptor! to
morrow afternoon at 3:30 in the Stu
dent Manager's office. Personal in
terviews will be held at the same
time that the applications are re
ceived.
Friday is the deadline for turning
in applications to sponsor the fall
quarter Reg Dance to the ASSU of
fice. Additional information may be
obtained from Jeanie Bobis at the
ASSU officc.
* * *
Interviews for tho Sunday Flicks
manager will be held from 4 to 5
today at the Student Manager's of
fice. Applicants may sigh up in the
ASSU office for interviews.

Written applications for co-man
ager positions on the Stanford Oivi
dex, 1954-55, will be acceptor! to
morrow afternoon at 3:30 in the Stu
dent Manager's office. Personal in
terviews will be held at the same
time that the applications are re
ceived.
Friday is the deadline for turning
in applications to sponsor the fall
quarter Reg Dance to the ASSU of
fice. Additional information may be
obtained from Jeanie Bobis at the
ASSU officc.
* * *
Interviews for tho Sunday Flicks
manager will be held from 4 to 5
today at the Student Manager's of
fice. Applicants may sigh up in the
ASSU office for interviews.

Written applications for co-man
ager positions on the Stanford Oivi
dex, 1954-55, will be acceptor! to
morrow afternoon at 3:30 in the Stu
dent Manager's office. Personal in
terviews will be held at the same
time that the applications are re
ceived.
Friday is the deadline for turning
in applications to sponsor the fall
quarter Reg Dance to the ASSU of
fice. Additional information may be
obtained from Jeanie Bobis at the
ASSU officc.
* * *
Interviews for tho Sunday Flicks
manager will be held from 4 to 5
today at the Student Manager's of
fice. Applicants may sigh up in the
ASSU office for interviews.

Written applications for co-man
ager positions on the Stanford Oivi
dex, 1954-55, will be acceptor! to
morrow afternoon at 3:30 in the Stu
dent Manager's office. Personal in
terviews will be held at the same
time that the applications are re
ceived.
Friday is the deadline for turning
in applications to sponsor the fall
quarter Reg Dance to the ASSU of
fice. Additional information may be
obtained from Jeanie Bobis at the
ASSU officc.
* * *
Interviews for tho Sunday Flicks
manager will be held from 4 to 5
today at the Student Manager's of
fice. Applicants may sigh up in the
ASSU office for interviews.

Written applications for co-man
ager positions on the Stanford Oivi
dex, 1954-55, will be acceptor! to
morrow afternoon at 3:30 in the Stu
dent Manager's office. Personal in
terviews will be held at the same
time that the applications are re
ceived.
Friday is the deadline for turning
in applications to sponsor the fall
quarter Reg Dance to the ASSU of
fice. Additional information may be
obtained from Jeanie Bobis at the
ASSU officc.
* * *
Interviews for tho Sunday Flicks
manager will be held from 4 to 5
today at the Student Manager's of
fice. Applicants may sigh up in the
ASSU office for interviews.

Written applications for co-man
ager positions on the Stanford Oivi
dex, 1954-55, will be acceptor! to
morrow afternoon at 3:30 in the Stu
dent Manager's office. Personal in
terviews will be held at the same
time that the applications are re
ceived.
Friday is the deadline for turning
in applications to sponsor the fall
quarter Reg Dance to the ASSU of
fice. Additional information may be
obtained from Jeanie Bobis at the
ASSU officc.
* * *
Interviews for tho Sunday Flicks
manager will be held from 4 to 5
today at the Student Manager's of
fice. Applicants may sigh up in the
ASSU office for interviews.

Written applications for co-man
ager positions on the Stanford Oivi
dex, 1954-55, will be acceptor! to
morrow afternoon at 3:30 in the Stu
dent Manager's office. Personal in
terviews will be held at the same
time that the applications are re
ceived.
Friday is the deadline for turning
in applications to sponsor the fall
quarter Reg Dance to the ASSU of
fice. Additional information may be
obtained from Jeanie Bobis at the
ASSU officc.
* * *
Interviews for tho Sunday Flicks
manager will be held from 4 to 5
today at the Student Manager's of
fice. Applicants may sigh up in the
ASSU office for interviews.

Written applications for co-man
ager positions on the Stanford Oivi
dex, 1954-55, will be acceptor! to
morrow afternoon at 3:30 in the Stu
dent Manager's office. Personal in
terviews will be held at the same
time that the applications are re
ceived.
Friday is the deadline for turning
in applications to sponsor the fall
quarter Reg Dance to the ASSU of
fice. Additional information may be
obtained from Jeanie Bobis at the
ASSU officc.
* * *
Interviews for tho Sunday Flicks
manager will be held from 4 to 5
today at the Student Manager's of
fice. Applicants may sigh up in the
ASSU office for interviews.

Written applications for co-man
ager positions on the Stanford Oivi
dex, 1954-55, will be acceptor! to
morrow afternoon at 3:30 in the Stu
dent Manager's office. Personal in
terviews will be held at the same
time that the applications are re
ceived.
