# Philological Society Will Meet Tomorrow
## 
### 
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will hold its regular meeting to
morrow at 3:15 in Room 42. An in
teresting program has been prepared
by Professor O. M. Johnston and Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough. Professor
Johnston will give "An Interpretation
of the First Canto of the Divine Com
edy." "The Inscription on the Pedes
tal of Trajan's Column" will be the
subject of Professor Fairelough's ad
dress. The meeting tomorrow will be
the last one this quarter and all mem
bers of the association are urged to
attend.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will hold its regular meeting to
morrow at 3:15 in Room 42. An in
teresting program has been prepared
by Professor O. M. Johnston and Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough. Professor
Johnston will give "An Interpretation
of the First Canto of the Divine Com
edy." "The Inscription on the Pedes
tal of Trajan's Column" will be the
subject of Professor Fairelough's ad
dress. The meeting tomorrow will be
the last one this quarter and all mem
bers of the association are urged to
attend.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will hold its regular meeting to
morrow at 3:15 in Room 42. An in
teresting program has been prepared
by Professor O. M. Johnston and Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough. Professor
Johnston will give "An Interpretation
of the First Canto of the Divine Com
edy." "The Inscription on the Pedes
tal of Trajan's Column" will be the
subject of Professor Fairelough's ad
dress. The meeting tomorrow will be
the last one this quarter and all mem
bers of the association are urged to
attend.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will hold its regular meeting to
morrow at 3:15 in Room 42. An in
teresting program has been prepared
by Professor O. M. Johnston and Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough. Professor
Johnston will give "An Interpretation
of the First Canto of the Divine Com
edy." "The Inscription on the Pedes
tal of Trajan's Column" will be the
subject of Professor Fairelough's ad
dress. The meeting tomorrow will be
the last one this quarter and all mem
bers of the association are urged to
attend.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will hold its regular meeting to
morrow at 3:15 in Room 42. An in
teresting program has been prepared
by Professor O. M. Johnston and Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough. Professor
Johnston will give "An Interpretation
of the First Canto of the Divine Com
edy." "The Inscription on the Pedes
tal of Trajan's Column" will be the
subject of Professor Fairelough's ad
dress. The meeting tomorrow will be
the last one this quarter and all mem
bers of the association are urged to
attend.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will hold its regular meeting to
morrow at 3:15 in Room 42. An in
teresting program has been prepared
by Professor O. M. Johnston and Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough. Professor
Johnston will give "An Interpretation
of the First Canto of the Divine Com
edy." "The Inscription on the Pedes
tal of Trajan's Column" will be the
subject of Professor Fairelough's ad
dress. The meeting tomorrow will be
the last one this quarter and all mem
bers of the association are urged to
attend.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will hold its regular meeting to
morrow at 3:15 in Room 42. An in
teresting program has been prepared
by Professor O. M. Johnston and Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough. Professor
Johnston will give "An Interpretation
of the First Canto of the Divine Com
edy." "The Inscription on the Pedes
tal of Trajan's Column" will be the
subject of Professor Fairelough's ad
dress. The meeting tomorrow will be
the last one this quarter and all mem
bers of the association are urged to
attend.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will hold its regular meeting to
morrow at 3:15 in Room 42. An in
teresting program has been prepared
by Professor O. M. Johnston and Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough. Professor
Johnston will give "An Interpretation
of the First Canto of the Divine Com
edy." "The Inscription on the Pedes
tal of Trajan's Column" will be the
subject of Professor Fairelough's ad
dress. The meeting tomorrow will be
the last one this quarter and all mem
bers of the association are urged to
attend.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will hold its regular meeting to
morrow at 3:15 in Room 42. An in
teresting program has been prepared
by Professor O. M. Johnston and Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough. Professor
Johnston will give "An Interpretation
of the First Canto of the Divine Com
edy." "The Inscription on the Pedes
tal of Trajan's Column" will be the
subject of Professor Fairelough's ad
dress. The meeting tomorrow will be
the last one this quarter and all mem
bers of the association are urged to
attend.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will hold its regular meeting to
morrow at 3:15 in Room 42. An in
teresting program has been prepared
by Professor O. M. Johnston and Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough. Professor
Johnston will give "An Interpretation
of the First Canto of the Divine Com
edy." "The Inscription on the Pedes
tal of Trajan's Column" will be the
subject of Professor Fairelough's ad
dress. The meeting tomorrow will be
the last one this quarter and all mem
bers of the association are urged to
attend.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will hold its regular meeting to
morrow at 3:15 in Room 42. An in
teresting program has been prepared
by Professor O. M. Johnston and Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough. Professor
Johnston will give "An Interpretation
of the First Canto of the Divine Com
edy." "The Inscription on the Pedes
tal of Trajan's Column" will be the
subject of Professor Fairelough's ad
dress. The meeting tomorrow will be
the last one this quarter and all mem
bers of the association are urged to
attend.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will hold its regular meeting to
morrow at 3:15 in Room 42. An in
teresting program has been prepared
by Professor O. M. Johnston and Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough. Professor
Johnston will give "An Interpretation
of the First Canto of the Divine Com
edy." "The Inscription on the Pedes
tal of Trajan's Column" will be the
subject of Professor Fairelough's ad
dress. The meeting tomorrow will be
the last one this quarter and all mem
bers of the association are urged to
attend.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will hold its regular meeting to
morrow at 3:15 in Room 42. An in
teresting program has been prepared
by Professor O. M. Johnston and Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough. Professor
Johnston will give "An Interpretation
of the First Canto of the Divine Com
edy." "The Inscription on the Pedes
tal of Trajan's Column" will be the
subject of Professor Fairelough's ad
dress. The meeting tomorrow will be
the last one this quarter and all mem
bers of the association are urged to
attend.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will hold its regular meeting to
morrow at 3:15 in Room 42. An in
teresting program has been prepared
by Professor O. M. Johnston and Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough. Professor
Johnston will give "An Interpretation
of the First Canto of the Divine Com
edy." "The Inscription on the Pedes
tal of Trajan's Column" will be the
subject of Professor Fairelough's ad
dress. The meeting tomorrow will be
the last one this quarter and all mem
bers of the association are urged to
attend.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will hold its regular meeting to
morrow at 3:15 in Room 42. An in
teresting program has been prepared
by Professor O. M. Johnston and Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough. Professor
Johnston will give "An Interpretation
of the First Canto of the Divine Com
edy." "The Inscription on the Pedes
tal of Trajan's Column" will be the
subject of Professor Fairelough's ad
dress. The meeting tomorrow will be
the last one this quarter and all mem
bers of the association are urged to
attend.
