# New Officers Elected By Alumni Fraternity Group
## 
### 
Harold Anderson, '23, Delta Chi;
John Nourse, Jr., '31, Sigma Chi;
and Warren Turner, '21, S.A.E., were
fleeted president, vice-president,
and secretary - treasurer, respec
tively, of the Stanford Alumni Inter
fraternity Council at a iccent meet
ing in Palo Alto.
Charles Crary '03, Delta Tau Delta,
was elected representative to the
Stanford Interfraternity Board of
Control. The alumni group went on
record as favoring the abolishment
i i hell week, as well as discussing
means of promoting better frater
nity scholarship. «
Harold Anderson, '23, Delta Chi;
John Nourse, Jr., '31, Sigma Chi;
and Warren Turner, '21, S.A.E., were
fleeted president, vice-president,
and secretary - treasurer, respec
tively, of the Stanford Alumni Inter
fraternity Council at a iccent meet
ing in Palo Alto.
Charles Crary '03, Delta Tau Delta,
was elected representative to the
Stanford Interfraternity Board of
Control. The alumni group went on
record as favoring the abolishment
i i hell week, as well as discussing
means of promoting better frater
nity scholarship. «
Harold Anderson, '23, Delta Chi;
John Nourse, Jr., '31, Sigma Chi;
and Warren Turner, '21, S.A.E., were
fleeted president, vice-president,
and secretary - treasurer, respec
tively, of the Stanford Alumni Inter
fraternity Council at a iccent meet
ing in Palo Alto.
Charles Crary '03, Delta Tau Delta,
was elected representative to the
Stanford Interfraternity Board of
Control. The alumni group went on
record as favoring the abolishment
i i hell week, as well as discussing
means of promoting better frater
nity scholarship. «
Harold Anderson, '23, Delta Chi;
John Nourse, Jr., '31, Sigma Chi;
and Warren Turner, '21, S.A.E., were
fleeted president, vice-president,
and secretary - treasurer, respec
tively, of the Stanford Alumni Inter
fraternity Council at a iccent meet
ing in Palo Alto.
Charles Crary '03, Delta Tau Delta,
was elected representative to the
Stanford Interfraternity Board of
Control. The alumni group went on
record as favoring the abolishment
i i hell week, as well as discussing
means of promoting better frater
nity scholarship. «
Harold Anderson, '23, Delta Chi;
John Nourse, Jr., '31, Sigma Chi;
and Warren Turner, '21, S.A.E., were
fleeted president, vice-president,
and secretary - treasurer, respec
tively, of the Stanford Alumni Inter
fraternity Council at a iccent meet
ing in Palo Alto.
Charles Crary '03, Delta Tau Delta,
was elected representative to the
Stanford Interfraternity Board of
Control. The alumni group went on
record as favoring the abolishment
i i hell week, as well as discussing
means of promoting better frater
nity scholarship. «
Harold Anderson, '23, Delta Chi;
John Nourse, Jr., '31, Sigma Chi;
and Warren Turner, '21, S.A.E., were
fleeted president, vice-president,
and secretary - treasurer, respec
tively, of the Stanford Alumni Inter
fraternity Council at a iccent meet
ing in Palo Alto.
Charles Crary '03, Delta Tau Delta,
was elected representative to the
Stanford Interfraternity Board of
Control. The alumni group went on
record as favoring the abolishment
i i hell week, as well as discussing
means of promoting better frater
nity scholarship. «
Harold Anderson, '23, Delta Chi;
John Nourse, Jr., '31, Sigma Chi;
and Warren Turner, '21, S.A.E., were
fleeted president, vice-president,
and secretary - treasurer, respec
tively, of the Stanford Alumni Inter
fraternity Council at a iccent meet
ing in Palo Alto.
Charles Crary '03, Delta Tau Delta,
was elected representative to the
Stanford Interfraternity Board of
Control. The alumni group went on
record as favoring the abolishment
i i hell week, as well as discussing
means of promoting better frater
nity scholarship. «
Harold Anderson, '23, Delta Chi;
John Nourse, Jr., '31, Sigma Chi;
and Warren Turner, '21, S.A.E., were
fleeted president, vice-president,
and secretary - treasurer, respec
tively, of the Stanford Alumni Inter
fraternity Council at a iccent meet
ing in Palo Alto.
Charles Crary '03, Delta Tau Delta,
was elected representative to the
Stanford Interfraternity Board of
Control. The alumni group went on
record as favoring the abolishment
i i hell week, as well as discussing
means of promoting better frater
nity scholarship. «
Harold Anderson, '23, Delta Chi;
John Nourse, Jr., '31, Sigma Chi;
and Warren Turner, '21, S.A.E., were
fleeted president, vice-president,
and secretary - treasurer, respec
tively, of the Stanford Alumni Inter
fraternity Council at a iccent meet
ing in Palo Alto.
Charles Crary '03, Delta Tau Delta,
was elected representative to the
Stanford Interfraternity Board of
Control. The alumni group went on
record as favoring the abolishment
i i hell week, as well as discussing
means of promoting better frater
nity scholarship. «
Harold Anderson, '23, Delta Chi;
John Nourse, Jr., '31, Sigma Chi;
and Warren Turner, '21, S.A.E., were
fleeted president, vice-president,
and secretary - treasurer, respec
tively, of the Stanford Alumni Inter
fraternity Council at a iccent meet
ing in Palo Alto.
Charles Crary '03, Delta Tau Delta,
was elected representative to the
Stanford Interfraternity Board of
Control. The alumni group went on
record as favoring the abolishment
i i hell week, as well as discussing
means of promoting better frater
nity scholarship. «
Harold Anderson, '23, Delta Chi;
John Nourse, Jr., '31, Sigma Chi;
and Warren Turner, '21, S.A.E., were
fleeted president, vice-president,
and secretary - treasurer, respec
tively, of the Stanford Alumni Inter
fraternity Council at a iccent meet
ing in Palo Alto.
Charles Crary '03, Delta Tau Delta,
was elected representative to the
Stanford Interfraternity Board of
Control. The alumni group went on
record as favoring the abolishment
i i hell week, as well as discussing
means of promoting better frater
nity scholarship. «
Harold Anderson, '23, Delta Chi;
John Nourse, Jr., '31, Sigma Chi;
and Warren Turner, '21, S.A.E., were
fleeted president, vice-president,
and secretary - treasurer, respec
tively, of the Stanford Alumni Inter
fraternity Council at a iccent meet
ing in Palo Alto.
Charles Crary '03, Delta Tau Delta,
was elected representative to the
Stanford Interfraternity Board of
Control. The alumni group went on
record as favoring the abolishment
i i hell week, as well as discussing
means of promoting better frater
nity scholarship. «
Harold Anderson, '23, Delta Chi;
John Nourse, Jr., '31, Sigma Chi;
and Warren Turner, '21, S.A.E., were
fleeted president, vice-president,
and secretary - treasurer, respec
tively, of the Stanford Alumni Inter
fraternity Council at a iccent meet
ing in Palo Alto.
Charles Crary '03, Delta Tau Delta,
was elected representative to the
Stanford Interfraternity Board of
Control. The alumni group went on
record as favoring the abolishment
i i hell week, as well as discussing
means of promoting better frater
nity scholarship. «
Harold Anderson, '23, Delta Chi;
John Nourse, Jr., '31, Sigma Chi;
and Warren Turner, '21, S.A.E., were
fleeted president, vice-president,
and secretary - treasurer, respec
tively, of the Stanford Alumni Inter
fraternity Council at a iccent meet
ing in Palo Alto.
Charles Crary '03, Delta Tau Delta,
was elected representative to the
Stanford Interfraternity Board of
Control. The alumni group went on
record as favoring the abolishment
i i hell week, as well as discussing
means of promoting better frater
nity scholarship. «
Harold Anderson, '23, Delta Chi;
John Nourse, Jr., '31, Sigma Chi;
and Warren Turner, '21, S.A.E., were
fleeted president, vice-president,
and secretary - treasurer, respec
tively, of the Stanford Alumni Inter
fraternity Council at a iccent meet
ing in Palo Alto.
Charles Crary '03, Delta Tau Delta,
was elected representative to the
Stanford Interfraternity Board of
Control. The alumni group went on
record as favoring the abolishment
i i hell week, as well as discussing
means of promoting better frater
nity scholarship. «
