# RAY DEAN TIES FOY DRAPER, U.S.C., FOR SECOND IN CENTURY
## 
### 

University of Southern California's track and field stars had things pretty much their own way in
defeating Stanford, 88 to 43, but the Cards made things interesting in a few events. Ray Dean (extreme
right) led for 85 yards in the 100-yard dash, but George Boone (second from right) closed fast to win
for U. S. C. Dean lasted well enough to tie Foy Draper (next to Boone) for second.

University of Southern California's track and field stars had things pretty much their own way in
defeating Stanford, 88 to 43, but the Cards made things interesting in a few events. Ray Dean (extreme
right) led for 85 yards in the 100-yard dash, but George Boone (second from right) closed fast to win
for U. S. C. Dean lasted well enough to tie Foy Draper (next to Boone) for second.

University of Southern California's track and field stars had things pretty much their own way in
defeating Stanford, 88 to 43, but the Cards made things interesting in a few events. Ray Dean (extreme
right) led for 85 yards in the 100-yard dash, but George Boone (second from right) closed fast to win
for U. S. C. Dean lasted well enough to tie Foy Draper (next to Boone) for second.

University of Southern California's track and field stars had things pretty much their own way in
defeating Stanford, 88 to 43, but the Cards made things interesting in a few events. Ray Dean (extreme
right) led for 85 yards in the 100-yard dash, but George Boone (second from right) closed fast to win
for U. S. C. Dean lasted well enough to tie Foy Draper (next to Boone) for second.

University of Southern California's track and field stars had things pretty much their own way in
defeating Stanford, 88 to 43, but the Cards made things interesting in a few events. Ray Dean (extreme
right) led for 85 yards in the 100-yard dash, but George Boone (second from right) closed fast to win
for U. S. C. Dean lasted well enough to tie Foy Draper (next to Boone) for second.

University of Southern California's track and field stars had things pretty much their own way in
defeating Stanford, 88 to 43, but the Cards made things interesting in a few events. Ray Dean (extreme
right) led for 85 yards in the 100-yard dash, but George Boone (second from right) closed fast to win
for U. S. C. Dean lasted well enough to tie Foy Draper (next to Boone) for second.

University of Southern California's track and field stars had things pretty much their own way in
defeating Stanford, 88 to 43, but the Cards made things interesting in a few events. Ray Dean (extreme
right) led for 85 yards in the 100-yard dash, but George Boone (second from right) closed fast to win
for U. S. C. Dean lasted well enough to tie Foy Draper (next to Boone) for second.

University of Southern California's track and field stars had things pretty much their own way in
defeating Stanford, 88 to 43, but the Cards made things interesting in a few events. Ray Dean (extreme
right) led for 85 yards in the 100-yard dash, but George Boone (second from right) closed fast to win
for U. S. C. Dean lasted well enough to tie Foy Draper (next to Boone) for second.

University of Southern California's track and field stars had things pretty much their own way in
defeating Stanford, 88 to 43, but the Cards made things interesting in a few events. Ray Dean (extreme
right) led for 85 yards in the 100-yard dash, but George Boone (second from right) closed fast to win
for U. S. C. Dean lasted well enough to tie Foy Draper (next to Boone) for second.

University of Southern California's track and field stars had things pretty much their own way in
defeating Stanford, 88 to 43, but the Cards made things interesting in a few events. Ray Dean (extreme
right) led for 85 yards in the 100-yard dash, but George Boone (second from right) closed fast to win
for U. S. C. Dean lasted well enough to tie Foy Draper (next to Boone) for second.

University of Southern California's track and field stars had things pretty much their own way in
defeating Stanford, 88 to 43, but the Cards made things interesting in a few events. Ray Dean (extreme
right) led for 85 yards in the 100-yard dash, but George Boone (second from right) closed fast to win
for U. S. C. Dean lasted well enough to tie Foy Draper (next to Boone) for second.

University of Southern California's track and field stars had things pretty much their own way in
defeating Stanford, 88 to 43, but the Cards made things interesting in a few events. Ray Dean (extreme
right) led for 85 yards in the 100-yard dash, but George Boone (second from right) closed fast to win
for U. S. C. Dean lasted well enough to tie Foy Draper (next to Boone) for second.

University of Southern California's track and field stars had things pretty much their own way in
defeating Stanford, 88 to 43, but the Cards made things interesting in a few events. Ray Dean (extreme
right) led for 85 yards in the 100-yard dash, but George Boone (second from right) closed fast to win
for U. S. C. Dean lasted well enough to tie Foy Draper (next to Boone) for second.

University of Southern California's track and field stars had things pretty much their own way in
defeating Stanford, 88 to 43, but the Cards made things interesting in a few events. Ray Dean (extreme
right) led for 85 yards in the 100-yard dash, but George Boone (second from right) closed fast to win
for U. S. C. Dean lasted well enough to tie Foy Draper (next to Boone) for second.

University of Southern California's track and field stars had things pretty much their own way in
defeating Stanford, 88 to 43, but the Cards made things interesting in a few events. Ray Dean (extreme
right) led for 85 yards in the 100-yard dash, but George Boone (second from right) closed fast to win
for U. S. C. Dean lasted well enough to tie Foy Draper (next to Boone) for second.
