# Rail Wilde To Play at Prom
## 
### 
Ran Wilde and his 14-pioce or
chestra has been obtained to play
for the Junior Prom May 24. The
dance committee was able to get
this orchestra only because the date
comes after the termination of
Wilde's engagement at the Athens
Club, where he is now playing, and
before the start of his summer con
tract.
Plans are being formulated by the
committee for the choice of a Prom
Queen to rule over the dance. Each
living group where junior women
reside will choose a candidate for
sovereignty at the Prom.
The dance committee is chair
manned by Woody Adams, aided by
Dorothy Lyman, Jean Reynolds,
Edith Hind, Jack Pope, Bill Garth,
Bones Hamilton, Jack Horton, Wally
Brooke, and Dick Haber.
Ran Wilde and his 14-pioce or
chestra has been obtained to play
for the Junior Prom May 24. The
dance committee was able to get
this orchestra only because the date
comes after the termination of
Wilde's engagement at the Athens
Club, where he is now playing, and
before the start of his summer con
tract.
Plans are being formulated by the
committee for the choice of a Prom
Queen to rule over the dance. Each
living group where junior women
reside will choose a candidate for
sovereignty at the Prom.
The dance committee is chair
manned by Woody Adams, aided by
Dorothy Lyman, Jean Reynolds,
Edith Hind, Jack Pope, Bill Garth,
Bones Hamilton, Jack Horton, Wally
Brooke, and Dick Haber.
Ran Wilde and his 14-pioce or
chestra has been obtained to play
for the Junior Prom May 24. The
dance committee was able to get
this orchestra only because the date
comes after the termination of
Wilde's engagement at the Athens
Club, where he is now playing, and
before the start of his summer con
tract.
Plans are being formulated by the
committee for the choice of a Prom
Queen to rule over the dance. Each
living group where junior women
reside will choose a candidate for
sovereignty at the Prom.
The dance committee is chair
manned by Woody Adams, aided by
Dorothy Lyman, Jean Reynolds,
Edith Hind, Jack Pope, Bill Garth,
Bones Hamilton, Jack Horton, Wally
Brooke, and Dick Haber.
Ran Wilde and his 14-pioce or
chestra has been obtained to play
for the Junior Prom May 24. The
dance committee was able to get
this orchestra only because the date
comes after the termination of
Wilde's engagement at the Athens
Club, where he is now playing, and
before the start of his summer con
tract.
Plans are being formulated by the
committee for the choice of a Prom
Queen to rule over the dance. Each
living group where junior women
reside will choose a candidate for
sovereignty at the Prom.
The dance committee is chair
manned by Woody Adams, aided by
Dorothy Lyman, Jean Reynolds,
Edith Hind, Jack Pope, Bill Garth,
Bones Hamilton, Jack Horton, Wally
Brooke, and Dick Haber.
Ran Wilde and his 14-pioce or
chestra has been obtained to play
for the Junior Prom May 24. The
dance committee was able to get
this orchestra only because the date
comes after the termination of
Wilde's engagement at the Athens
Club, where he is now playing, and
before the start of his summer con
tract.
Plans are being formulated by the
committee for the choice of a Prom
Queen to rule over the dance. Each
living group where junior women
reside will choose a candidate for
sovereignty at the Prom.
The dance committee is chair
manned by Woody Adams, aided by
Dorothy Lyman, Jean Reynolds,
Edith Hind, Jack Pope, Bill Garth,
Bones Hamilton, Jack Horton, Wally
Brooke, and Dick Haber.
Ran Wilde and his 14-pioce or
chestra has been obtained to play
for the Junior Prom May 24. The
dance committee was able to get
this orchestra only because the date
comes after the termination of
Wilde's engagement at the Athens
Club, where he is now playing, and
before the start of his summer con
tract.
Plans are being formulated by the
committee for the choice of a Prom
Queen to rule over the dance. Each
living group where junior women
reside will choose a candidate for
sovereignty at the Prom.
The dance committee is chair
manned by Woody Adams, aided by
Dorothy Lyman, Jean Reynolds,
Edith Hind, Jack Pope, Bill Garth,
Bones Hamilton, Jack Horton, Wally
Brooke, and Dick Haber.
Ran Wilde and his 14-pioce or
chestra has been obtained to play
for the Junior Prom May 24. The
dance committee was able to get
this orchestra only because the date
comes after the termination of
Wilde's engagement at the Athens
Club, where he is now playing, and
before the start of his summer con
tract.
Plans are being formulated by the
committee for the choice of a Prom
Queen to rule over the dance. Each
living group where junior women
reside will choose a candidate for
sovereignty at the Prom.
The dance committee is chair
manned by Woody Adams, aided by
Dorothy Lyman, Jean Reynolds,
Edith Hind, Jack Pope, Bill Garth,
Bones Hamilton, Jack Horton, Wally
Brooke, and Dick Haber.
Ran Wilde and his 14-pioce or
chestra has been obtained to play
for the Junior Prom May 24. The
dance committee was able to get
this orchestra only because the date
comes after the termination of
Wilde's engagement at the Athens
Club, where he is now playing, and
before the start of his summer con
tract.
Plans are being formulated by the
committee for the choice of a Prom
Queen to rule over the dance. Each
living group where junior women
reside will choose a candidate for
sovereignty at the Prom.
The dance committee is chair
manned by Woody Adams, aided by
Dorothy Lyman, Jean Reynolds,
Edith Hind, Jack Pope, Bill Garth,
Bones Hamilton, Jack Horton, Wally
Brooke, and Dick Haber.
Ran Wilde and his 14-pioce or
chestra has been obtained to play
for the Junior Prom May 24. The
dance committee was able to get
this orchestra only because the date
comes after the termination of
Wilde's engagement at the Athens
Club, where he is now playing, and
before the start of his summer con
tract.
Plans are being formulated by the
committee for the choice of a Prom
Queen to rule over the dance. Each
living group where junior women
reside will choose a candidate for
sovereignty at the Prom.
The dance committee is chair
manned by Woody Adams, aided by
Dorothy Lyman, Jean Reynolds,
Edith Hind, Jack Pope, Bill Garth,
Bones Hamilton, Jack Horton, Wally
Brooke, and Dick Haber.
Ran Wilde and his 14-pioce or
chestra has been obtained to play
for the Junior Prom May 24. The
dance committee was able to get
this orchestra only because the date
comes after the termination of
Wilde's engagement at the Athens
Club, where he is now playing, and
before the start of his summer con
tract.
Plans are being formulated by the
committee for the choice of a Prom
Queen to rule over the dance. Each
living group where junior women
reside will choose a candidate for
sovereignty at the Prom.
The dance committee is chair
manned by Woody Adams, aided by
Dorothy Lyman, Jean Reynolds,
Edith Hind, Jack Pope, Bill Garth,
Bones Hamilton, Jack Horton, Wally
Brooke, and Dick Haber.
Ran Wilde and his 14-pioce or
chestra has been obtained to play
for the Junior Prom May 24. The
dance committee was able to get
this orchestra only because the date
comes after the termination of
Wilde's engagement at the Athens
Club, where he is now playing, and
before the start of his summer con
tract.
Plans are being formulated by the
committee for the choice of a Prom
Queen to rule over the dance. Each
living group where junior women
reside will choose a candidate for
sovereignty at the Prom.
The dance committee is chair
manned by Woody Adams, aided by
Dorothy Lyman, Jean Reynolds,
Edith Hind, Jack Pope, Bill Garth,
Bones Hamilton, Jack Horton, Wally
Brooke, and Dick Haber.
Ran Wilde and his 14-pioce or
chestra has been obtained to play
for the Junior Prom May 24. The
dance committee was able to get
this orchestra only because the date
comes after the termination of
Wilde's engagement at the Athens
Club, where he is now playing, and
before the start of his summer con
tract.
Plans are being formulated by the
committee for the choice of a Prom
Queen to rule over the dance. Each
living group where junior women
reside will choose a candidate for
sovereignty at the Prom.
The dance committee is chair
manned by Woody Adams, aided by
Dorothy Lyman, Jean Reynolds,
Edith Hind, Jack Pope, Bill Garth,
Bones Hamilton, Jack Horton, Wally
Brooke, and Dick Haber.
Ran Wilde and his 14-pioce or
chestra has been obtained to play
for the Junior Prom May 24. The
dance committee was able to get
this orchestra only because the date
comes after the termination of
Wilde's engagement at the Athens
Club, where he is now playing, and
before the start of his summer con
tract.
Plans are being formulated by the
committee for the choice of a Prom
Queen to rule over the dance. Each
living group where junior women
reside will choose a candidate for
sovereignty at the Prom.
The dance committee is chair
manned by Woody Adams, aided by
Dorothy Lyman, Jean Reynolds,
Edith Hind, Jack Pope, Bill Garth,
Bones Hamilton, Jack Horton, Wally
Brooke, and Dick Haber.
Ran Wilde and his 14-pioce or
chestra has been obtained to play
for the Junior Prom May 24. The
dance committee was able to get
this orchestra only because the date
comes after the termination of
Wilde's engagement at the Athens
Club, where he is now playing, and
before the start of his summer con
tract.
Plans are being formulated by the
committee for the choice of a Prom
Queen to rule over the dance. Each
living group where junior women
reside will choose a candidate for
sovereignty at the Prom.
The dance committee is chair
manned by Woody Adams, aided by
Dorothy Lyman, Jean Reynolds,
Edith Hind, Jack Pope, Bill Garth,
Bones Hamilton, Jack Horton, Wally
Brooke, and Dick Haber.
Ran Wilde and his 14-pioce or
chestra has been obtained to play
for the Junior Prom May 24. The
dance committee was able to get
this orchestra only because the date
comes after the termination of
Wilde's engagement at the Athens
Club, where he is now playing, and
before the start of his summer con
tract.
Plans are being formulated by the
committee for the choice of a Prom
Queen to rule over the dance. Each
living group where junior women
reside will choose a candidate for
sovereignty at the Prom.
The dance committee is chair
manned by Woody Adams, aided by
Dorothy Lyman, Jean Reynolds,
Edith Hind, Jack Pope, Bill Garth,
Bones Hamilton, Jack Horton, Wally
Brooke, and Dick Haber.
