# McDonald Wins Program Prize.
## 
### 
The Junior Prom Committee has
awarded the prize for the best pro
gram design to S. McDonald, '10.
Twelve clever designs were submitted
in the competition.
The Junior Prom Committee has
awarded the prize for the best pro
gram design to S. McDonald, '10.
Twelve clever designs were submitted
in the competition.
The Junior Prom Committee has
awarded the prize for the best pro
gram design to S. McDonald, '10.
Twelve clever designs were submitted
in the competition.
The Junior Prom Committee has
awarded the prize for the best pro
gram design to S. McDonald, '10.
Twelve clever designs were submitted
in the competition.
The Junior Prom Committee has
awarded the prize for the best pro
gram design to S. McDonald, '10.
Twelve clever designs were submitted
in the competition.
The Junior Prom Committee has
awarded the prize for the best pro
gram design to S. McDonald, '10.
Twelve clever designs were submitted
in the competition.
The Junior Prom Committee has
awarded the prize for the best pro
gram design to S. McDonald, '10.
Twelve clever designs were submitted
in the competition.
The Junior Prom Committee has
awarded the prize for the best pro
gram design to S. McDonald, '10.
Twelve clever designs were submitted
in the competition.
The Junior Prom Committee has
awarded the prize for the best pro
gram design to S. McDonald, '10.
Twelve clever designs were submitted
in the competition.
