# To Organize Palo Alto Men.
## 
### 
The first definite steps toward an
organization of the men students re
siding in Palo Alto will be taken to
morrow when a meeting of all inter
ested will he held in the Congrega
tional Church. The movement is
backed by several prominent upper
classmen residing in Palo Alto, and
will probably result in the long de
sired organization.
The first definite steps toward an
organization of the men students re
siding in Palo Alto will be taken to
morrow when a meeting of all inter
ested will he held in the Congrega
tional Church. The movement is
backed by several prominent upper
classmen residing in Palo Alto, and
will probably result in the long de
sired organization.
The first definite steps toward an
organization of the men students re
siding in Palo Alto will be taken to
morrow when a meeting of all inter
ested will he held in the Congrega
tional Church. The movement is
backed by several prominent upper
classmen residing in Palo Alto, and
will probably result in the long de
sired organization.
The first definite steps toward an
organization of the men students re
siding in Palo Alto will be taken to
morrow when a meeting of all inter
ested will he held in the Congrega
tional Church. The movement is
backed by several prominent upper
classmen residing in Palo Alto, and
will probably result in the long de
sired organization.
The first definite steps toward an
organization of the men students re
siding in Palo Alto will be taken to
morrow when a meeting of all inter
ested will he held in the Congrega
tional Church. The movement is
backed by several prominent upper
classmen residing in Palo Alto, and
will probably result in the long de
sired organization.
The first definite steps toward an
organization of the men students re
siding in Palo Alto will be taken to
morrow when a meeting of all inter
ested will he held in the Congrega
tional Church. The movement is
backed by several prominent upper
classmen residing in Palo Alto, and
will probably result in the long de
sired organization.
The first definite steps toward an
organization of the men students re
siding in Palo Alto will be taken to
morrow when a meeting of all inter
ested will he held in the Congrega
tional Church. The movement is
backed by several prominent upper
classmen residing in Palo Alto, and
will probably result in the long de
sired organization.
The first definite steps toward an
organization of the men students re
siding in Palo Alto will be taken to
morrow when a meeting of all inter
ested will he held in the Congrega
tional Church. The movement is
backed by several prominent upper
classmen residing in Palo Alto, and
will probably result in the long de
sired organization.
The first definite steps toward an
organization of the men students re
siding in Palo Alto will be taken to
morrow when a meeting of all inter
ested will he held in the Congrega
tional Church. The movement is
backed by several prominent upper
classmen residing in Palo Alto, and
will probably result in the long de
sired organization.
