# Men's Tennis
## 
### 
MARCH 24 - vs. BYU at 1:30
p.m., Stanford Tennis Stadium.
MARCH 26 — vs. Arizona State at
1:30 p.m., Stanford Tennis Sta
dium.
MARCH 27 — vs. Arizona at
noon, Stanford Tennis Stadium.
CARDINAL NOTES - Last year the
Stanford men crushed all three
of these unranked teams at
home, 7-2, 8-1 and 8-1, respec
tively.
MARCH 24 - vs. BYU at 1:30
p.m., Stanford Tennis Stadium.
MARCH 26 — vs. Arizona State at
1:30 p.m., Stanford Tennis Sta
dium.
MARCH 27 — vs. Arizona at
noon, Stanford Tennis Stadium.
CARDINAL NOTES - Last year the
Stanford men crushed all three
of these unranked teams at
home, 7-2, 8-1 and 8-1, respec
tively.
MARCH 24 - vs. BYU at 1:30
p.m., Stanford Tennis Stadium.
MARCH 26 — vs. Arizona State at
1:30 p.m., Stanford Tennis Sta
dium.
MARCH 27 — vs. Arizona at
noon, Stanford Tennis Stadium.
CARDINAL NOTES - Last year the
Stanford men crushed all three
of these unranked teams at
home, 7-2, 8-1 and 8-1, respec
tively.
MARCH 24 - vs. BYU at 1:30
p.m., Stanford Tennis Stadium.
MARCH 26 — vs. Arizona State at
1:30 p.m., Stanford Tennis Sta
dium.
MARCH 27 — vs. Arizona at
noon, Stanford Tennis Stadium.
CARDINAL NOTES - Last year the
Stanford men crushed all three
of these unranked teams at
home, 7-2, 8-1 and 8-1, respec
tively.
MARCH 24 - vs. BYU at 1:30
p.m., Stanford Tennis Stadium.
MARCH 26 — vs. Arizona State at
1:30 p.m., Stanford Tennis Sta
dium.
MARCH 27 — vs. Arizona at
noon, Stanford Tennis Stadium.
CARDINAL NOTES - Last year the
Stanford men crushed all three
of these unranked teams at
home, 7-2, 8-1 and 8-1, respec
tively.
MARCH 24 - vs. BYU at 1:30
p.m., Stanford Tennis Stadium.
MARCH 26 — vs. Arizona State at
1:30 p.m., Stanford Tennis Sta
dium.
MARCH 27 — vs. Arizona at
noon, Stanford Tennis Stadium.
CARDINAL NOTES - Last year the
Stanford men crushed all three
of these unranked teams at
home, 7-2, 8-1 and 8-1, respec
tively.
MARCH 24 - vs. BYU at 1:30
p.m., Stanford Tennis Stadium.
MARCH 26 — vs. Arizona State at
1:30 p.m., Stanford Tennis Sta
dium.
MARCH 27 — vs. Arizona at
noon, Stanford Tennis Stadium.
CARDINAL NOTES - Last year the
Stanford men crushed all three
of these unranked teams at
home, 7-2, 8-1 and 8-1, respec
tively.
