# Under the Weather
## 
### 
Men's Kest Home: Dady Ho
nagi.
Palo Alto Hospital: Bob Bitts
Bob Long.
Men's Kest Home: Dady Ho
nagi.
Palo Alto Hospital: Bob Bitts
Bob Long.
Men's Kest Home: Dady Ho
nagi.
Palo Alto Hospital: Bob Bitts
Bob Long.
Men's Kest Home: Dady Ho
nagi.
Palo Alto Hospital: Bob Bitts
Bob Long.
Men's Kest Home: Dady Ho
nagi.
Palo Alto Hospital: Bob Bitts
Bob Long.
Men's Kest Home: Dady Ho
nagi.
Palo Alto Hospital: Bob Bitts
Bob Long.
Men's Kest Home: Dady Ho
nagi.
Palo Alto Hospital: Bob Bitts
Bob Long.
Men's Kest Home: Dady Ho
nagi.
Palo Alto Hospital: Bob Bitts
Bob Long.
Men's Kest Home: Dady Ho
nagi.
Palo Alto Hospital: Bob Bitts
Bob Long.
Men's Kest Home: Dady Ho
nagi.
Palo Alto Hospital: Bob Bitts
Bob Long.
Men's Kest Home: Dady Ho
nagi.
Palo Alto Hospital: Bob Bitts
Bob Long.
Men's Kest Home: Dady Ho
nagi.
Palo Alto Hospital: Bob Bitts
Bob Long.
Men's Kest Home: Dady Ho
nagi.
Palo Alto Hospital: Bob Bitts
Bob Long.
Men's Kest Home: Dady Ho
nagi.
Palo Alto Hospital: Bob Bitts
Bob Long.
Men's Kest Home: Dady Ho
nagi.
Palo Alto Hospital: Bob Bitts
Bob Long.
Men's Kest Home: Dady Ho
nagi.
Palo Alto Hospital: Bob Bitts
Bob Long.
