# English Author To Talk on Satire
## 
### 
James Sutherland. English au
thor and teacher, will speak on
"The Nature of Satire" tomorrow
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. This lecture will open the
autumn series of Tuesday Eve
ning lectures sponsored by the
Committee on Public Exercises. 1
James Sutherland. English au
thor and teacher, will speak on
"The Nature of Satire" tomorrow
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. This lecture will open the
autumn series of Tuesday Eve
ning lectures sponsored by the
Committee on Public Exercises. 1
James Sutherland. English au
thor and teacher, will speak on
"The Nature of Satire" tomorrow
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. This lecture will open the
autumn series of Tuesday Eve
ning lectures sponsored by the
Committee on Public Exercises. 1
James Sutherland. English au
thor and teacher, will speak on
"The Nature of Satire" tomorrow
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. This lecture will open the
autumn series of Tuesday Eve
ning lectures sponsored by the
Committee on Public Exercises. 1
James Sutherland. English au
thor and teacher, will speak on
"The Nature of Satire" tomorrow
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. This lecture will open the
autumn series of Tuesday Eve
ning lectures sponsored by the
Committee on Public Exercises. 1
James Sutherland. English au
thor and teacher, will speak on
"The Nature of Satire" tomorrow
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. This lecture will open the
autumn series of Tuesday Eve
ning lectures sponsored by the
Committee on Public Exercises. 1
James Sutherland. English au
thor and teacher, will speak on
"The Nature of Satire" tomorrow
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. This lecture will open the
autumn series of Tuesday Eve
ning lectures sponsored by the
Committee on Public Exercises. 1
James Sutherland. English au
thor and teacher, will speak on
"The Nature of Satire" tomorrow
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. This lecture will open the
autumn series of Tuesday Eve
ning lectures sponsored by the
Committee on Public Exercises. 1
James Sutherland. English au
thor and teacher, will speak on
"The Nature of Satire" tomorrow
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. This lecture will open the
autumn series of Tuesday Eve
ning lectures sponsored by the
Committee on Public Exercises. 1
James Sutherland. English au
thor and teacher, will speak on
"The Nature of Satire" tomorrow
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. This lecture will open the
autumn series of Tuesday Eve
ning lectures sponsored by the
Committee on Public Exercises. 1
James Sutherland. English au
thor and teacher, will speak on
"The Nature of Satire" tomorrow
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. This lecture will open the
autumn series of Tuesday Eve
ning lectures sponsored by the
Committee on Public Exercises. 1
James Sutherland. English au
thor and teacher, will speak on
"The Nature of Satire" tomorrow
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. This lecture will open the
autumn series of Tuesday Eve
ning lectures sponsored by the
Committee on Public Exercises. 1
James Sutherland. English au
thor and teacher, will speak on
"The Nature of Satire" tomorrow
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. This lecture will open the
autumn series of Tuesday Eve
ning lectures sponsored by the
Committee on Public Exercises. 1
James Sutherland. English au
thor and teacher, will speak on
"The Nature of Satire" tomorrow
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. This lecture will open the
autumn series of Tuesday Eve
ning lectures sponsored by the
Committee on Public Exercises. 1
James Sutherland. English au
thor and teacher, will speak on
"The Nature of Satire" tomorrow
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. This lecture will open the
autumn series of Tuesday Eve
ning lectures sponsored by the
Committee on Public Exercises. 1
James Sutherland. English au
thor and teacher, will speak on
"The Nature of Satire" tomorrow
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. This lecture will open the
autumn series of Tuesday Eve
ning lectures sponsored by the
Committee on Public Exercises. 1
