# College Notes.
## 
### 
There are about 2,000 American
students in France.
Princeton lias an exhibit at the
Atlanta Exposition.
Ninety-five men reported for trial
for the Princeton (ilee Club.
Freeborn of the llenley crew has
been elected captain of the Cornell
crew of '90.
The University of Chicago has
received a gift <>112 $250,000 from Mrs.
Mary F. Reynolds.
J. V. Crum of the lowa Univer
sity expects to participate in the
Olympian games in Greece.
The University of the South at
Sewanee, Tenn., lias received $40,-
000 to be used in scholarships.
During the j>;ist year the various
departments of the I'. of P. have re
ceived cash donations aggregating
$105,321.06.
The Pennsylvania M ichiga n foot
ball game for Nov. 13 has been can
celled, because the Michigan faculty
will not allow the time necessary
for the trip.
