# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Would-be collegians are often
advised to attend college in the
State where they expect to reside
The reason given is that they should
lie acquainted with the college men
of their own State. A glance at the
register of Stanford University will
show that a great many of her stu
dents have not followed this advice.
Eager learners gather from all parts
of the globe. Nor do we regret that
our student body is so cosmopoli
tan. There can he no doubt, how
ever, that it would be a great bene
fit to a person coming from a dis
tant part of the country for him to
become acquainted while here with
others living in the same section.
This editorial is written to urge
the formation of clubs and leagues
whose membership shall be com
posed of those who will live near
each other when their college days
are ended. Societies of this kind
will very likely be kept up if once
started, and they can do much to
advance the interests of Stanford in
the various localities where their
members go, not to speak of their
advantage to the individuals form
ing them.
