# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Harvard News has stopped
publication on account of financial
difficulties. Harvard lias enjoyed
the distinction of being the only
university supporting two daily
newspapers. Financially this con
dition did not prove advantageous.
In other ways it was undesirable.
Competition for news made it
necessary to publish many items
prematurely; the interests of the
paper conflicted with those of the
university.

The city daily publishes the news
irrespective of the effect of such
publication upon the persons or
institutions concerned. It must
not permit its rival to Ã¼ beat" it.
That is the newspaper's Scylla ; its
only Charybdis is the libel suit.
This evil is apparently a necessary
and inevitable concomitant of free
dom of the press.
In college journalism different
conditions prevail. The college
student does not demand the publi
cation of a bit of news if that pub
lication works an injury to his col
lege or to some worthy organization
within it. On the contrary, he
condemns it as disloyal rather than
enterprising. The news is wanted,
but not news irrespective of effects.
