# Brownell Takes Local Tourney
## Stanford Sophomore Routs McCann, 7-6 
### 
Two Farm undergraduates, Bud
Brownell and Frank McCann,
fought it out for the Stanford Invi
tational Golf championship last
Sunday with Brownell, a sopho
more, winning over his freshman op
ponent, 7 and 6 for 36 holes.
On their way into the finals the
two students defeated several of
the outstanding amateur golfers in
Northern California and two former
Stanford varsity players. In the
quarter-final and semi-final rounds
which were held Saturday, McCann
swept over Sherm Selix, 4 and 3,
and Bill Lowrey, 1-up. Meanwhile
Brownell, Pacific Coast Conference
champion, took John Kohler, final
ist last year, 5 and 4, and Bobby
Roos, 2 and 1.
Although McCann rallied at the
start of the second 18 holes by get
ting two birdies in the first and
third holes and remaining under par
for the rest of the nine, he could not
gain back any of the five holes he
had lost in the morning round since
Brownell was shooting equally
phenomenally. The winner kept even
par figures for the 30 holes which
they played, a remarkable thing in
match play.
However, in the lower flights
former Stanford football greats did
not fare so well with Ernie Nevers,
Bones Hamilton, Biff Hoffman, and
Hall McCreery all falling by the
wayside in the first few rounds.
The fact that Brownell has two
more years of eligibility on the Farm
and McCann has three is very en
couraging to Coach Eddie Twiggs,
who recently returned from the
East, where his team annexed the
N.C.A.A. crown, since most of stars
are graduating.
Two Farm undergraduates, Bud
Brownell and Frank McCann,
fought it out for the Stanford Invi
tational Golf championship last
Sunday with Brownell, a sopho
more, winning over his freshman op
ponent, 7 and 6 for 36 holes.
On their way into the finals the
two students defeated several of
the outstanding amateur golfers in
Northern California and two former
Stanford varsity players. In the
quarter-final and semi-final rounds
which were held Saturday, McCann
swept over Sherm Selix, 4 and 3,
and Bill Lowrey, 1-up. Meanwhile
Brownell, Pacific Coast Conference
champion, took John Kohler, final
ist last year, 5 and 4, and Bobby
Roos, 2 and 1.
Although McCann rallied at the
start of the second 18 holes by get
ting two birdies in the first and
third holes and remaining under par
for the rest of the nine, he could not
gain back any of the five holes he
had lost in the morning round since
Brownell was shooting equally
phenomenally. The winner kept even
par figures for the 30 holes which
they played, a remarkable thing in
match play.
However, in the lower flights
former Stanford football greats did
not fare so well with Ernie Nevers,
Bones Hamilton, Biff Hoffman, and
Hall McCreery all falling by the
wayside in the first few rounds.
The fact that Brownell has two
more years of eligibility on the Farm
and McCann has three is very en
couraging to Coach Eddie Twiggs,
who recently returned from the
East, where his team annexed the
N.C.A.A. crown, since most of stars
are graduating.
Two Farm undergraduates, Bud
Brownell and Frank McCann,
fought it out for the Stanford Invi
tational Golf championship last
Sunday with Brownell, a sopho
more, winning over his freshman op
ponent, 7 and 6 for 36 holes.
On their way into the finals the
two students defeated several of
the outstanding amateur golfers in
Northern California and two former
Stanford varsity players. In the
quarter-final and semi-final rounds
which were held Saturday, McCann
swept over Sherm Selix, 4 and 3,
and Bill Lowrey, 1-up. Meanwhile
Brownell, Pacific Coast Conference
champion, took John Kohler, final
ist last year, 5 and 4, and Bobby
Roos, 2 and 1.
Although McCann rallied at the
start of the second 18 holes by get
ting two birdies in the first and
third holes and remaining under par
for the rest of the nine, he could not
gain back any of the five holes he
had lost in the morning round since
Brownell was shooting equally
phenomenally. The winner kept even
par figures for the 30 holes which
they played, a remarkable thing in
match play.
However, in the lower flights
former Stanford football greats did
not fare so well with Ernie Nevers,
Bones Hamilton, Biff Hoffman, and
Hall McCreery all falling by the
wayside in the first few rounds.
The fact that Brownell has two
more years of eligibility on the Farm
and McCann has three is very en
couraging to Coach Eddie Twiggs,
who recently returned from the
East, where his team annexed the
N.C.A.A. crown, since most of stars
are graduating.
Two Farm undergraduates, Bud
Brownell and Frank McCann,
fought it out for the Stanford Invi
tational Golf championship last
Sunday with Brownell, a sopho
more, winning over his freshman op
ponent, 7 and 6 for 36 holes.
On their way into the finals the
two students defeated several of
the outstanding amateur golfers in
Northern California and two former
Stanford varsity players. In the
quarter-final and semi-final rounds
which were held Saturday, McCann
swept over Sherm Selix, 4 and 3,
and Bill Lowrey, 1-up. Meanwhile
Brownell, Pacific Coast Conference
champion, took John Kohler, final
ist last year, 5 and 4, and Bobby
Roos, 2 and 1.
Although McCann rallied at the
start of the second 18 holes by get
ting two birdies in the first and
third holes and remaining under par
for the rest of the nine, he could not
gain back any of the five holes he
had lost in the morning round since
Brownell was shooting equally
phenomenally. The winner kept even
par figures for the 30 holes which
they played, a remarkable thing in
match play.
However, in the lower flights
former Stanford football greats did
not fare so well with Ernie Nevers,
Bones Hamilton, Biff Hoffman, and
Hall McCreery all falling by the
wayside in the first few rounds.
The fact that Brownell has two
more years of eligibility on the Farm
and McCann has three is very en
couraging to Coach Eddie Twiggs,
who recently returned from the
East, where his team annexed the
N.C.A.A. crown, since most of stars
are graduating.
Two Farm undergraduates, Bud
Brownell and Frank McCann,
fought it out for the Stanford Invi
tational Golf championship last
Sunday with Brownell, a sopho
more, winning over his freshman op
ponent, 7 and 6 for 36 holes.
On their way into the finals the
two students defeated several of
the outstanding amateur golfers in
Northern California and two former
Stanford varsity players. In the
quarter-final and semi-final rounds
which were held Saturday, McCann
swept over Sherm Selix, 4 and 3,
and Bill Lowrey, 1-up. Meanwhile
Brownell, Pacific Coast Conference
champion, took John Kohler, final
ist last year, 5 and 4, and Bobby
Roos, 2 and 1.
Although McCann rallied at the
start of the second 18 holes by get
ting two birdies in the first and
third holes and remaining under par
for the rest of the nine, he could not
gain back any of the five holes he
had lost in the morning round since
Brownell was shooting equally
phenomenally. The winner kept even
par figures for the 30 holes which
they played, a remarkable thing in
match play.
However, in the lower flights
former Stanford football greats did
not fare so well with Ernie Nevers,
Bones Hamilton, Biff Hoffman, and
Hall McCreery all falling by the
wayside in the first few rounds.
The fact that Brownell has two
more years of eligibility on the Farm
and McCann has three is very en
couraging to Coach Eddie Twiggs,
who recently returned from the
East, where his team annexed the
N.C.A.A. crown, since most of stars
are graduating.
Two Farm undergraduates, Bud
Brownell and Frank McCann,
fought it out for the Stanford Invi
tational Golf championship last
Sunday with Brownell, a sopho
more, winning over his freshman op
ponent, 7 and 6 for 36 holes.
On their way into the finals the
two students defeated several of
the outstanding amateur golfers in
Northern California and two former
Stanford varsity players. In the
quarter-final and semi-final rounds
which were held Saturday, McCann
swept over Sherm Selix, 4 and 3,
and Bill Lowrey, 1-up. Meanwhile
Brownell, Pacific Coast Conference
champion, took John Kohler, final
ist last year, 5 and 4, and Bobby
Roos, 2 and 1.
Although McCann rallied at the
start of the second 18 holes by get
ting two birdies in the first and
third holes and remaining under par
for the rest of the nine, he could not
gain back any of the five holes he
had lost in the morning round since
Brownell was shooting equally
phenomenally. The winner kept even
par figures for the 30 holes which
they played, a remarkable thing in
match play.
However, in the lower flights
former Stanford football greats did
not fare so well with Ernie Nevers,
Bones Hamilton, Biff Hoffman, and
Hall McCreery all falling by the
wayside in the first few rounds.
The fact that Brownell has two
more years of eligibility on the Farm
and McCann has three is very en
couraging to Coach Eddie Twiggs,
who recently returned from the
East, where his team annexed the
N.C.A.A. crown, since most of stars
are graduating.
Two Farm undergraduates, Bud
Brownell and Frank McCann,
fought it out for the Stanford Invi
tational Golf championship last
Sunday with Brownell, a sopho
more, winning over his freshman op
ponent, 7 and 6 for 36 holes.
On their way into the finals the
two students defeated several of
the outstanding amateur golfers in
Northern California and two former
Stanford varsity players. In the
quarter-final and semi-final rounds
which were held Saturday, McCann
swept over Sherm Selix, 4 and 3,
and Bill Lowrey, 1-up. Meanwhile
Brownell, Pacific Coast Conference
champion, took John Kohler, final
ist last year, 5 and 4, and Bobby
Roos, 2 and 1.
Although McCann rallied at the
start of the second 18 holes by get
ting two birdies in the first and
third holes and remaining under par
for the rest of the nine, he could not
gain back any of the five holes he
had lost in the morning round since
Brownell was shooting equally
phenomenally. The winner kept even
par figures for the 30 holes which
they played, a remarkable thing in
match play.
However, in the lower flights
former Stanford football greats did
not fare so well with Ernie Nevers,
Bones Hamilton, Biff Hoffman, and
Hall McCreery all falling by the
wayside in the first few rounds.
The fact that Brownell has two
more years of eligibility on the Farm
and McCann has three is very en
couraging to Coach Eddie Twiggs,
who recently returned from the
East, where his team annexed the
N.C.A.A. crown, since most of stars
are graduating.
Two Farm undergraduates, Bud
Brownell and Frank McCann,
fought it out for the Stanford Invi
tational Golf championship last
Sunday with Brownell, a sopho
more, winning over his freshman op
ponent, 7 and 6 for 36 holes.
On their way into the finals the
two students defeated several of
the outstanding amateur golfers in
Northern California and two former
Stanford varsity players. In the
quarter-final and semi-final rounds
which were held Saturday, McCann
swept over Sherm Selix, 4 and 3,
and Bill Lowrey, 1-up. Meanwhile
Brownell, Pacific Coast Conference
champion, took John Kohler, final
ist last year, 5 and 4, and Bobby
Roos, 2 and 1.
Although McCann rallied at the
start of the second 18 holes by get
ting two birdies in the first and
third holes and remaining under par
for the rest of the nine, he could not
gain back any of the five holes he
had lost in the morning round since
Brownell was shooting equally
phenomenally. The winner kept even
par figures for the 30 holes which
they played, a remarkable thing in
match play.
However, in the lower flights
former Stanford football greats did
not fare so well with Ernie Nevers,
Bones Hamilton, Biff Hoffman, and
Hall McCreery all falling by the
wayside in the first few rounds.
The fact that Brownell has two
more years of eligibility on the Farm
and McCann has three is very en
couraging to Coach Eddie Twiggs,
who recently returned from the
East, where his team annexed the
N.C.A.A. crown, since most of stars
are graduating.
Two Farm undergraduates, Bud
Brownell and Frank McCann,
fought it out for the Stanford Invi
tational Golf championship last
Sunday with Brownell, a sopho
more, winning over his freshman op
ponent, 7 and 6 for 36 holes.
On their way into the finals the
two students defeated several of
the outstanding amateur golfers in
Northern California and two former
Stanford varsity players. In the
quarter-final and semi-final rounds
which were held Saturday, McCann
swept over Sherm Selix, 4 and 3,
and Bill Lowrey, 1-up. Meanwhile
Brownell, Pacific Coast Conference
champion, took John Kohler, final
ist last year, 5 and 4, and Bobby
Roos, 2 and 1.
Although McCann rallied at the
start of the second 18 holes by get
ting two birdies in the first and
third holes and remaining under par
for the rest of the nine, he could not
gain back any of the five holes he
had lost in the morning round since
Brownell was shooting equally
phenomenally. The winner kept even
par figures for the 30 holes which
they played, a remarkable thing in
match play.
However, in the lower flights
former Stanford football greats did
not fare so well with Ernie Nevers,
Bones Hamilton, Biff Hoffman, and
Hall McCreery all falling by the
wayside in the first few rounds.
The fact that Brownell has two
more years of eligibility on the Farm
and McCann has three is very en
couraging to Coach Eddie Twiggs,
who recently returned from the
East, where his team annexed the
N.C.A.A. crown, since most of stars
are graduating.
Two Farm undergraduates, Bud
Brownell and Frank McCann,
fought it out for the Stanford Invi
tational Golf championship last
Sunday with Brownell, a sopho
more, winning over his freshman op
ponent, 7 and 6 for 36 holes.
On their way into the finals the
two students defeated several of
the outstanding amateur golfers in
Northern California and two former
Stanford varsity players. In the
quarter-final and semi-final rounds
which were held Saturday, McCann
swept over Sherm Selix, 4 and 3,
and Bill Lowrey, 1-up. Meanwhile
Brownell, Pacific Coast Conference
champion, took John Kohler, final
ist last year, 5 and 4, and Bobby
Roos, 2 and 1.
Although McCann rallied at the
start of the second 18 holes by get
ting two birdies in the first and
third holes and remaining under par
for the rest of the nine, he could not
gain back any of the five holes he
had lost in the morning round since
Brownell was shooting equally
phenomenally. The winner kept even
par figures for the 30 holes which
they played, a remarkable thing in
match play.
However, in the lower flights
former Stanford football greats did
not fare so well with Ernie Nevers,
Bones Hamilton, Biff Hoffman, and
Hall McCreery all falling by the
wayside in the first few rounds.
The fact that Brownell has two
more years of eligibility on the Farm
and McCann has three is very en
couraging to Coach Eddie Twiggs,
who recently returned from the
East, where his team annexed the
N.C.A.A. crown, since most of stars
are graduating.
Two Farm undergraduates, Bud
Brownell and Frank McCann,
fought it out for the Stanford Invi
tational Golf championship last
Sunday with Brownell, a sopho
more, winning over his freshman op
ponent, 7 and 6 for 36 holes.
On their way into the finals the
two students defeated several of
the outstanding amateur golfers in
Northern California and two former
Stanford varsity players. In the
quarter-final and semi-final rounds
which were held Saturday, McCann
swept over Sherm Selix, 4 and 3,
and Bill Lowrey, 1-up. Meanwhile
Brownell, Pacific Coast Conference
champion, took John Kohler, final
ist last year, 5 and 4, and Bobby
Roos, 2 and 1.
Although McCann rallied at the
start of the second 18 holes by get
ting two birdies in the first and
third holes and remaining under par
for the rest of the nine, he could not
gain back any of the five holes he
had lost in the morning round since
Brownell was shooting equally
phenomenally. The winner kept even
par figures for the 30 holes which
they played, a remarkable thing in
match play.
However, in the lower flights
former Stanford football greats did
not fare so well with Ernie Nevers,
Bones Hamilton, Biff Hoffman, and
Hall McCreery all falling by the
wayside in the first few rounds.
The fact that Brownell has two
more years of eligibility on the Farm
and McCann has three is very en
couraging to Coach Eddie Twiggs,
who recently returned from the
East, where his team annexed the
N.C.A.A. crown, since most of stars
are graduating.
Two Farm undergraduates, Bud
Brownell and Frank McCann,
fought it out for the Stanford Invi
tational Golf championship last
Sunday with Brownell, a sopho
more, winning over his freshman op
ponent, 7 and 6 for 36 holes.
On their way into the finals the
two students defeated several of
the outstanding amateur golfers in
Northern California and two former
Stanford varsity players. In the
quarter-final and semi-final rounds
which were held Saturday, McCann
swept over Sherm Selix, 4 and 3,
and Bill Lowrey, 1-up. Meanwhile
Brownell, Pacific Coast Conference
champion, took John Kohler, final
ist last year, 5 and 4, and Bobby
Roos, 2 and 1.
Although McCann rallied at the
start of the second 18 holes by get
ting two birdies in the first and
third holes and remaining under par
for the rest of the nine, he could not
gain back any of the five holes he
had lost in the morning round since
Brownell was shooting equally
phenomenally. The winner kept even
par figures for the 30 holes which
they played, a remarkable thing in
match play.
However, in the lower flights
former Stanford football greats did
not fare so well with Ernie Nevers,
Bones Hamilton, Biff Hoffman, and
Hall McCreery all falling by the
wayside in the first few rounds.
The fact that Brownell has two
more years of eligibility on the Farm
and McCann has three is very en
couraging to Coach Eddie Twiggs,
who recently returned from the
East, where his team annexed the
N.C.A.A. crown, since most of stars
are graduating.
Two Farm undergraduates, Bud
Brownell and Frank McCann,
fought it out for the Stanford Invi
tational Golf championship last
Sunday with Brownell, a sopho
more, winning over his freshman op
ponent, 7 and 6 for 36 holes.
On their way into the finals the
two students defeated several of
the outstanding amateur golfers in
Northern California and two former
Stanford varsity players. In the
quarter-final and semi-final rounds
which were held Saturday, McCann
swept over Sherm Selix, 4 and 3,
and Bill Lowrey, 1-up. Meanwhile
Brownell, Pacific Coast Conference
champion, took John Kohler, final
ist last year, 5 and 4, and Bobby
Roos, 2 and 1.
Although McCann rallied at the
start of the second 18 holes by get
ting two birdies in the first and
third holes and remaining under par
for the rest of the nine, he could not
gain back any of the five holes he
had lost in the morning round since
Brownell was shooting equally
phenomenally. The winner kept even
par figures for the 30 holes which
they played, a remarkable thing in
match play.
However, in the lower flights
former Stanford football greats did
not fare so well with Ernie Nevers,
Bones Hamilton, Biff Hoffman, and
Hall McCreery all falling by the
wayside in the first few rounds.
The fact that Brownell has two
more years of eligibility on the Farm
and McCann has three is very en
couraging to Coach Eddie Twiggs,
who recently returned from the
East, where his team annexed the
N.C.A.A. crown, since most of stars
are graduating.
Two Farm undergraduates, Bud
Brownell and Frank McCann,
fought it out for the Stanford Invi
tational Golf championship last
Sunday with Brownell, a sopho
more, winning over his freshman op
ponent, 7 and 6 for 36 holes.
On their way into the finals the
two students defeated several of
the outstanding amateur golfers in
Northern California and two former
Stanford varsity players. In the
quarter-final and semi-final rounds
which were held Saturday, McCann
swept over Sherm Selix, 4 and 3,
and Bill Lowrey, 1-up. Meanwhile
Brownell, Pacific Coast Conference
champion, took John Kohler, final
ist last year, 5 and 4, and Bobby
Roos, 2 and 1.
Although McCann rallied at the
start of the second 18 holes by get
ting two birdies in the first and
third holes and remaining under par
for the rest of the nine, he could not
gain back any of the five holes he
had lost in the morning round since
Brownell was shooting equally
phenomenally. The winner kept even
par figures for the 30 holes which
they played, a remarkable thing in
match play.
However, in the lower flights
former Stanford football greats did
not fare so well with Ernie Nevers,
Bones Hamilton, Biff Hoffman, and
Hall McCreery all falling by the
wayside in the first few rounds.
The fact that Brownell has two
more years of eligibility on the Farm
and McCann has three is very en
couraging to Coach Eddie Twiggs,
who recently returned from the
East, where his team annexed the
N.C.A.A. crown, since most of stars
are graduating.
Two Farm undergraduates, Bud
Brownell and Frank McCann,
fought it out for the Stanford Invi
tational Golf championship last
Sunday with Brownell, a sopho
more, winning over his freshman op
ponent, 7 and 6 for 36 holes.
On their way into the finals the
two students defeated several of
the outstanding amateur golfers in
Northern California and two former
Stanford varsity players. In the
quarter-final and semi-final rounds
which were held Saturday, McCann
swept over Sherm Selix, 4 and 3,
and Bill Lowrey, 1-up. Meanwhile
Brownell, Pacific Coast Conference
champion, took John Kohler, final
ist last year, 5 and 4, and Bobby
Roos, 2 and 1.
Although McCann rallied at the
start of the second 18 holes by get
ting two birdies in the first and
third holes and remaining under par
for the rest of the nine, he could not
gain back any of the five holes he
had lost in the morning round since
Brownell was shooting equally
phenomenally. The winner kept even
par figures for the 30 holes which
they played, a remarkable thing in
match play.
However, in the lower flights
former Stanford football greats did
not fare so well with Ernie Nevers,
Bones Hamilton, Biff Hoffman, and
Hall McCreery all falling by the
wayside in the first few rounds.
The fact that Brownell has two
more years of eligibility on the Farm
and McCann has three is very en
couraging to Coach Eddie Twiggs,
who recently returned from the
East, where his team annexed the
N.C.A.A. crown, since most of stars
are graduating.
Two Farm undergraduates, Bud
Brownell and Frank McCann,
fought it out for the Stanford Invi
tational Golf championship last
Sunday with Brownell, a sopho
more, winning over his freshman op
ponent, 7 and 6 for 36 holes.
On their way into the finals the
two students defeated several of
the outstanding amateur golfers in
Northern California and two former
Stanford varsity players. In the
quarter-final and semi-final rounds
which were held Saturday, McCann
swept over Sherm Selix, 4 and 3,
and Bill Lowrey, 1-up. Meanwhile
Brownell, Pacific Coast Conference
champion, took John Kohler, final
ist last year, 5 and 4, and Bobby
Roos, 2 and 1.
Although McCann rallied at the
start of the second 18 holes by get
ting two birdies in the first and
third holes and remaining under par
for the rest of the nine, he could not
gain back any of the five holes he
had lost in the morning round since
Brownell was shooting equally
phenomenally. The winner kept even
par figures for the 30 holes which
they played, a remarkable thing in
match play.
However, in the lower flights
former Stanford football greats did
not fare so well with Ernie Nevers,
Bones Hamilton, Biff Hoffman, and
Hall McCreery all falling by the
wayside in the first few rounds.
The fact that Brownell has two
more years of eligibility on the Farm
and McCann has three is very en
couraging to Coach Eddie Twiggs,
who recently returned from the
East, where his team annexed the
N.C.A.A. crown, since most of stars
are graduating.
Two Farm undergraduates, Bud
Brownell and Frank McCann,
fought it out for the Stanford Invi
tational Golf championship last
Sunday with Brownell, a sopho
more, winning over his freshman op
ponent, 7 and 6 for 36 holes.
On their way into the finals the
two students defeated several of
the outstanding amateur golfers in
Northern California and two former
Stanford varsity players. In the
quarter-final and semi-final rounds
which were held Saturday, McCann
swept over Sherm Selix, 4 and 3,
and Bill Lowrey, 1-up. Meanwhile
Brownell, Pacific Coast Conference
champion, took John Kohler, final
ist last year, 5 and 4, and Bobby
Roos, 2 and 1.
Although McCann rallied at the
start of the second 18 holes by get
ting two birdies in the first and
third holes and remaining under par
for the rest of the nine, he could not
gain back any of the five holes he
had lost in the morning round since
Brownell was shooting equally
phenomenally. The winner kept even
par figures for the 30 holes which
they played, a remarkable thing in
match play.
However, in the lower flights
former Stanford football greats did
not fare so well with Ernie Nevers,
Bones Hamilton, Biff Hoffman, and
Hall McCreery all falling by the
wayside in the first few rounds.
The fact that Brownell has two
more years of eligibility on the Farm
and McCann has three is very en
couraging to Coach Eddie Twiggs,
who recently returned from the
East, where his team annexed the
N.C.A.A. crown, since most of stars
are graduating.
Two Farm undergraduates, Bud
Brownell and Frank McCann,
fought it out for the Stanford Invi
tational Golf championship last
Sunday with Brownell, a sopho
more, winning over his freshman op
ponent, 7 and 6 for 36 holes.
On their way into the finals the
two students defeated several of
the outstanding amateur golfers in
Northern California and two former
Stanford varsity players. In the
quarter-final and semi-final rounds
which were held Saturday, McCann
swept over Sherm Selix, 4 and 3,
and Bill Lowrey, 1-up. Meanwhile
Brownell, Pacific Coast Conference
champion, took John Kohler, final
ist last year, 5 and 4, and Bobby
Roos, 2 and 1.
Although McCann rallied at the
start of the second 18 holes by get
ting two birdies in the first and
third holes and remaining under par
for the rest of the nine, he could not
gain back any of the five holes he
had lost in the morning round since
Brownell was shooting equally
phenomenally. The winner kept even
par figures for the 30 holes which
they played, a remarkable thing in
match play.
However, in the lower flights
former Stanford football greats did
not fare so well with Ernie Nevers,
Bones Hamilton, Biff Hoffman, and
Hall McCreery all falling by the
wayside in the first few rounds.
The fact that Brownell has two
more years of eligibility on the Farm
and McCann has three is very en
couraging to Coach Eddie Twiggs,
who recently returned from the
East, where his team annexed the
N.C.A.A. crown, since most of stars
are graduating.
