# TO PRESERVE CULTURE
## 
### 
Louisiana State University is
pleading with the bayou people to
retain their Negro-French songs as
a valued culture.
Louisiana State University is
pleading with the bayou people to
retain their Negro-French songs as
a valued culture.
Louisiana State University is
pleading with the bayou people to
retain their Negro-French songs as
a valued culture.
Louisiana State University is
pleading with the bayou people to
retain their Negro-French songs as
a valued culture.
Louisiana State University is
pleading with the bayou people to
retain their Negro-French songs as
a valued culture.
Louisiana State University is
pleading with the bayou people to
retain their Negro-French songs as
a valued culture.
Louisiana State University is
pleading with the bayou people to
retain their Negro-French songs as
a valued culture.
Louisiana State University is
pleading with the bayou people to
retain their Negro-French songs as
a valued culture.
Louisiana State University is
pleading with the bayou people to
retain their Negro-French songs as
a valued culture.
Louisiana State University is
pleading with the bayou people to
retain their Negro-French songs as
a valued culture.
Louisiana State University is
pleading with the bayou people to
retain their Negro-French songs as
a valued culture.
Louisiana State University is
pleading with the bayou people to
retain their Negro-French songs as
a valued culture.
Louisiana State University is
pleading with the bayou people to
retain their Negro-French songs as
a valued culture.
Louisiana State University is
pleading with the bayou people to
retain their Negro-French songs as
a valued culture.
Louisiana State University is
pleading with the bayou people to
retain their Negro-French songs as
a valued culture.
Louisiana State University is
pleading with the bayou people to
retain their Negro-French songs as
a valued culture.
Louisiana State University is
pleading with the bayou people to
retain their Negro-French songs as
a valued culture.
Louisiana State University is
pleading with the bayou people to
retain their Negro-French songs as
a valued culture.
