# Businessmen Discuss New War Problems
## Slichter, Hayes Open Conference; Brandt To Lecture Tonight 
### 
The fifth annual Business Confer
ence sponsored by the Graduate
School of Business convened Mon
day morning with its first meeting
at Lagunita. First speaker on the
conference program was Professor
Sumner H. Slichter of the School of
Business, who addressed the group
on the subject, "Labor Problems
under Defense — Labor Supply and
Wages." Professor Slichter will ad
dress the group at the first morning
meetings of the group throughout
the week.
The general theme of this year's
conference is "American Business in
a World at War." Persons attending
the conference can go to all the
morning meetings and will have
several options as to which after
noon round-table discussions they
will attend. The round-tables will
be led by persons actually engaged
in the particular phase of business
under consideration.
The conference schedule is quite
heavy with meetings from 8:30 a.m.
until after dinner through Thursday,
the Friday and final session con
cluding at 1:30.
An innovation this year is a ses
sion meeting each afternoon dealing
specifically with the problems of
small business.
The dinner meetings of the group,
which are being held every evening
through Thursday in the Union, are
being addressed by prominent lead
ers on pertinent subjects.
Professor Carlton J. H. Hayes ad
dressed the dinner meeting last
night on the subject, "Totalitarian
ism in the Light of History." To
night's dinner meeting will be ad
dressed by Karl Brandt of the
Food Research Institute on "The
Food Problem in World War II."
The fifth annual Business Confer
ence sponsored by the Graduate
School of Business convened Mon
day morning with its first meeting
at Lagunita. First speaker on the
conference program was Professor
Sumner H. Slichter of the School of
Business, who addressed the group
on the subject, "Labor Problems
under Defense — Labor Supply and
Wages." Professor Slichter will ad
dress the group at the first morning
meetings of the group throughout
the week.
The general theme of this year's
conference is "American Business in
a World at War." Persons attending
the conference can go to all the
morning meetings and will have
several options as to which after
noon round-table discussions they
will attend. The round-tables will
be led by persons actually engaged
in the particular phase of business
under consideration.
The conference schedule is quite
heavy with meetings from 8:30 a.m.
until after dinner through Thursday,
the Friday and final session con
cluding at 1:30.
An innovation this year is a ses
sion meeting each afternoon dealing
specifically with the problems of
small business.
The dinner meetings of the group,
which are being held every evening
through Thursday in the Union, are
being addressed by prominent lead
ers on pertinent subjects.
Professor Carlton J. H. Hayes ad
dressed the dinner meeting last
night on the subject, "Totalitarian
ism in the Light of History." To
night's dinner meeting will be ad
dressed by Karl Brandt of the
Food Research Institute on "The
Food Problem in World War II."
The fifth annual Business Confer
ence sponsored by the Graduate
School of Business convened Mon
day morning with its first meeting
at Lagunita. First speaker on the
conference program was Professor
Sumner H. Slichter of the School of
Business, who addressed the group
on the subject, "Labor Problems
under Defense — Labor Supply and
Wages." Professor Slichter will ad
dress the group at the first morning
meetings of the group throughout
the week.
The general theme of this year's
conference is "American Business in
a World at War." Persons attending
the conference can go to all the
morning meetings and will have
several options as to which after
noon round-table discussions they
will attend. The round-tables will
be led by persons actually engaged
in the particular phase of business
under consideration.
The conference schedule is quite
heavy with meetings from 8:30 a.m.
until after dinner through Thursday,
the Friday and final session con
cluding at 1:30.
An innovation this year is a ses
sion meeting each afternoon dealing
specifically with the problems of
small business.
The dinner meetings of the group,
which are being held every evening
through Thursday in the Union, are
being addressed by prominent lead
ers on pertinent subjects.
Professor Carlton J. H. Hayes ad
dressed the dinner meeting last
night on the subject, "Totalitarian
ism in the Light of History." To
night's dinner meeting will be ad
dressed by Karl Brandt of the
Food Research Institute on "The
Food Problem in World War II."
The fifth annual Business Confer
ence sponsored by the Graduate
School of Business convened Mon
day morning with its first meeting
at Lagunita. First speaker on the
conference program was Professor
Sumner H. Slichter of the School of
Business, who addressed the group
on the subject, "Labor Problems
under Defense — Labor Supply and
Wages." Professor Slichter will ad
dress the group at the first morning
meetings of the group throughout
the week.
The general theme of this year's
conference is "American Business in
a World at War." Persons attending
the conference can go to all the
morning meetings and will have
several options as to which after
noon round-table discussions they
will attend. The round-tables will
be led by persons actually engaged
in the particular phase of business
under consideration.
The conference schedule is quite
heavy with meetings from 8:30 a.m.
until after dinner through Thursday,
the Friday and final session con
cluding at 1:30.
An innovation this year is a ses
sion meeting each afternoon dealing
specifically with the problems of
small business.
The dinner meetings of the group,
which are being held every evening
through Thursday in the Union, are
being addressed by prominent lead
ers on pertinent subjects.
Professor Carlton J. H. Hayes ad
dressed the dinner meeting last
night on the subject, "Totalitarian
ism in the Light of History." To
night's dinner meeting will be ad
dressed by Karl Brandt of the
Food Research Institute on "The
Food Problem in World War II."
The fifth annual Business Confer
ence sponsored by the Graduate
School of Business convened Mon
day morning with its first meeting
at Lagunita. First speaker on the
conference program was Professor
Sumner H. Slichter of the School of
Business, who addressed the group
on the subject, "Labor Problems
under Defense — Labor Supply and
Wages." Professor Slichter will ad
dress the group at the first morning
meetings of the group throughout
the week.
The general theme of this year's
conference is "American Business in
a World at War." Persons attending
the conference can go to all the
morning meetings and will have
several options as to which after
noon round-table discussions they
will attend. The round-tables will
be led by persons actually engaged
in the particular phase of business
under consideration.
The conference schedule is quite
heavy with meetings from 8:30 a.m.
until after dinner through Thursday,
the Friday and final session con
cluding at 1:30.
An innovation this year is a ses
sion meeting each afternoon dealing
specifically with the problems of
small business.
The dinner meetings of the group,
which are being held every evening
through Thursday in the Union, are
being addressed by prominent lead
ers on pertinent subjects.
Professor Carlton J. H. Hayes ad
dressed the dinner meeting last
night on the subject, "Totalitarian
ism in the Light of History." To
night's dinner meeting will be ad
dressed by Karl Brandt of the
Food Research Institute on "The
Food Problem in World War II."
The fifth annual Business Confer
ence sponsored by the Graduate
School of Business convened Mon
day morning with its first meeting
at Lagunita. First speaker on the
conference program was Professor
Sumner H. Slichter of the School of
Business, who addressed the group
on the subject, "Labor Problems
under Defense — Labor Supply and
Wages." Professor Slichter will ad
dress the group at the first morning
meetings of the group throughout
the week.
The general theme of this year's
conference is "American Business in
a World at War." Persons attending
the conference can go to all the
morning meetings and will have
several options as to which after
noon round-table discussions they
will attend. The round-tables will
be led by persons actually engaged
in the particular phase of business
under consideration.
The conference schedule is quite
heavy with meetings from 8:30 a.m.
until after dinner through Thursday,
the Friday and final session con
cluding at 1:30.
An innovation this year is a ses
sion meeting each afternoon dealing
specifically with the problems of
small business.
The dinner meetings of the group,
which are being held every evening
through Thursday in the Union, are
being addressed by prominent lead
ers on pertinent subjects.
Professor Carlton J. H. Hayes ad
dressed the dinner meeting last
night on the subject, "Totalitarian
ism in the Light of History." To
night's dinner meeting will be ad
dressed by Karl Brandt of the
Food Research Institute on "The
Food Problem in World War II."
The fifth annual Business Confer
ence sponsored by the Graduate
School of Business convened Mon
day morning with its first meeting
at Lagunita. First speaker on the
conference program was Professor
Sumner H. Slichter of the School of
Business, who addressed the group
on the subject, "Labor Problems
under Defense — Labor Supply and
Wages." Professor Slichter will ad
dress the group at the first morning
meetings of the group throughout
the week.
The general theme of this year's
conference is "American Business in
a World at War." Persons attending
the conference can go to all the
morning meetings and will have
several options as to which after
noon round-table discussions they
will attend. The round-tables will
be led by persons actually engaged
in the particular phase of business
under consideration.
The conference schedule is quite
heavy with meetings from 8:30 a.m.
until after dinner through Thursday,
the Friday and final session con
cluding at 1:30.
An innovation this year is a ses
sion meeting each afternoon dealing
specifically with the problems of
small business.
The dinner meetings of the group,
which are being held every evening
through Thursday in the Union, are
being addressed by prominent lead
ers on pertinent subjects.
Professor Carlton J. H. Hayes ad
dressed the dinner meeting last
night on the subject, "Totalitarian
ism in the Light of History." To
night's dinner meeting will be ad
dressed by Karl Brandt of the
Food Research Institute on "The
Food Problem in World War II."
The fifth annual Business Confer
ence sponsored by the Graduate
School of Business convened Mon
day morning with its first meeting
at Lagunita. First speaker on the
conference program was Professor
Sumner H. Slichter of the School of
Business, who addressed the group
on the subject, "Labor Problems
under Defense — Labor Supply and
Wages." Professor Slichter will ad
dress the group at the first morning
meetings of the group throughout
the week.
The general theme of this year's
conference is "American Business in
a World at War." Persons attending
the conference can go to all the
morning meetings and will have
several options as to which after
noon round-table discussions they
will attend. The round-tables will
be led by persons actually engaged
in the particular phase of business
under consideration.
The conference schedule is quite
heavy with meetings from 8:30 a.m.
until after dinner through Thursday,
the Friday and final session con
cluding at 1:30.
An innovation this year is a ses
sion meeting each afternoon dealing
specifically with the problems of
small business.
The dinner meetings of the group,
which are being held every evening
through Thursday in the Union, are
being addressed by prominent lead
ers on pertinent subjects.
Professor Carlton J. H. Hayes ad
dressed the dinner meeting last
night on the subject, "Totalitarian
ism in the Light of History." To
night's dinner meeting will be ad
dressed by Karl Brandt of the
Food Research Institute on "The
Food Problem in World War II."
The fifth annual Business Confer
ence sponsored by the Graduate
School of Business convened Mon
day morning with its first meeting
at Lagunita. First speaker on the
conference program was Professor
Sumner H. Slichter of the School of
Business, who addressed the group
on the subject, "Labor Problems
under Defense — Labor Supply and
Wages." Professor Slichter will ad
dress the group at the first morning
meetings of the group throughout
the week.
The general theme of this year's
conference is "American Business in
a World at War." Persons attending
the conference can go to all the
morning meetings and will have
several options as to which after
noon round-table discussions they
will attend. The round-tables will
be led by persons actually engaged
in the particular phase of business
under consideration.
The conference schedule is quite
heavy with meetings from 8:30 a.m.
until after dinner through Thursday,
the Friday and final session con
cluding at 1:30.
An innovation this year is a ses
sion meeting each afternoon dealing
specifically with the problems of
small business.
The dinner meetings of the group,
which are being held every evening
through Thursday in the Union, are
being addressed by prominent lead
ers on pertinent subjects.
Professor Carlton J. H. Hayes ad
dressed the dinner meeting last
night on the subject, "Totalitarian
ism in the Light of History." To
night's dinner meeting will be ad
dressed by Karl Brandt of the
Food Research Institute on "The
Food Problem in World War II."
The fifth annual Business Confer
ence sponsored by the Graduate
School of Business convened Mon
day morning with its first meeting
at Lagunita. First speaker on the
conference program was Professor
Sumner H. Slichter of the School of
Business, who addressed the group
on the subject, "Labor Problems
under Defense — Labor Supply and
Wages." Professor Slichter will ad
dress the group at the first morning
meetings of the group throughout
the week.
The general theme of this year's
conference is "American Business in
a World at War." Persons attending
the conference can go to all the
morning meetings and will have
several options as to which after
noon round-table discussions they
will attend. The round-tables will
be led by persons actually engaged
in the particular phase of business
under consideration.
The conference schedule is quite
heavy with meetings from 8:30 a.m.
until after dinner through Thursday,
the Friday and final session con
cluding at 1:30.
An innovation this year is a ses
sion meeting each afternoon dealing
specifically with the problems of
small business.
The dinner meetings of the group,
which are being held every evening
through Thursday in the Union, are
being addressed by prominent lead
ers on pertinent subjects.
Professor Carlton J. H. Hayes ad
dressed the dinner meeting last
night on the subject, "Totalitarian
ism in the Light of History." To
night's dinner meeting will be ad
dressed by Karl Brandt of the
Food Research Institute on "The
Food Problem in World War II."
The fifth annual Business Confer
ence sponsored by the Graduate
School of Business convened Mon
day morning with its first meeting
at Lagunita. First speaker on the
conference program was Professor
Sumner H. Slichter of the School of
Business, who addressed the group
on the subject, "Labor Problems
under Defense — Labor Supply and
Wages." Professor Slichter will ad
dress the group at the first morning
meetings of the group throughout
the week.
The general theme of this year's
conference is "American Business in
a World at War." Persons attending
the conference can go to all the
morning meetings and will have
several options as to which after
noon round-table discussions they
will attend. The round-tables will
be led by persons actually engaged
in the particular phase of business
under consideration.
The conference schedule is quite
heavy with meetings from 8:30 a.m.
until after dinner through Thursday,
the Friday and final session con
cluding at 1:30.
An innovation this year is a ses
sion meeting each afternoon dealing
specifically with the problems of
small business.
The dinner meetings of the group,
which are being held every evening
through Thursday in the Union, are
being addressed by prominent lead
ers on pertinent subjects.
Professor Carlton J. H. Hayes ad
dressed the dinner meeting last
night on the subject, "Totalitarian
ism in the Light of History." To
night's dinner meeting will be ad
dressed by Karl Brandt of the
Food Research Institute on "The
Food Problem in World War II."
The fifth annual Business Confer
ence sponsored by the Graduate
School of Business convened Mon
day morning with its first meeting
at Lagunita. First speaker on the
conference program was Professor
Sumner H. Slichter of the School of
Business, who addressed the group
on the subject, "Labor Problems
under Defense — Labor Supply and
Wages." Professor Slichter will ad
dress the group at the first morning
meetings of the group throughout
the week.
The general theme of this year's
conference is "American Business in
a World at War." Persons attending
the conference can go to all the
morning meetings and will have
several options as to which after
noon round-table discussions they
will attend. The round-tables will
be led by persons actually engaged
in the particular phase of business
under consideration.
The conference schedule is quite
heavy with meetings from 8:30 a.m.
until after dinner through Thursday,
the Friday and final session con
cluding at 1:30.
An innovation this year is a ses
sion meeting each afternoon dealing
specifically with the problems of
small business.
The dinner meetings of the group,
which are being held every evening
through Thursday in the Union, are
being addressed by prominent lead
ers on pertinent subjects.
Professor Carlton J. H. Hayes ad
dressed the dinner meeting last
night on the subject, "Totalitarian
ism in the Light of History." To
night's dinner meeting will be ad
dressed by Karl Brandt of the
Food Research Institute on "The
Food Problem in World War II."
The fifth annual Business Confer
ence sponsored by the Graduate
School of Business convened Mon
day morning with its first meeting
at Lagunita. First speaker on the
conference program was Professor
Sumner H. Slichter of the School of
Business, who addressed the group
on the subject, "Labor Problems
under Defense — Labor Supply and
Wages." Professor Slichter will ad
dress the group at the first morning
meetings of the group throughout
the week.
The general theme of this year's
conference is "American Business in
a World at War." Persons attending
the conference can go to all the
morning meetings and will have
several options as to which after
noon round-table discussions they
will attend. The round-tables will
be led by persons actually engaged
in the particular phase of business
under consideration.
The conference schedule is quite
heavy with meetings from 8:30 a.m.
until after dinner through Thursday,
the Friday and final session con
cluding at 1:30.
An innovation this year is a ses
sion meeting each afternoon dealing
specifically with the problems of
small business.
The dinner meetings of the group,
which are being held every evening
through Thursday in the Union, are
being addressed by prominent lead
ers on pertinent subjects.
Professor Carlton J. H. Hayes ad
dressed the dinner meeting last
night on the subject, "Totalitarian
ism in the Light of History." To
night's dinner meeting will be ad
dressed by Karl Brandt of the
Food Research Institute on "The
Food Problem in World War II."
The fifth annual Business Confer
ence sponsored by the Graduate
School of Business convened Mon
day morning with its first meeting
at Lagunita. First speaker on the
conference program was Professor
Sumner H. Slichter of the School of
Business, who addressed the group
on the subject, "Labor Problems
under Defense — Labor Supply and
Wages." Professor Slichter will ad
dress the group at the first morning
meetings of the group throughout
the week.
The general theme of this year's
conference is "American Business in
a World at War." Persons attending
the conference can go to all the
morning meetings and will have
several options as to which after
noon round-table discussions they
will attend. The round-tables will
be led by persons actually engaged
in the particular phase of business
under consideration.
The conference schedule is quite
heavy with meetings from 8:30 a.m.
until after dinner through Thursday,
the Friday and final session con
cluding at 1:30.
An innovation this year is a ses
sion meeting each afternoon dealing
specifically with the problems of
small business.
The dinner meetings of the group,
which are being held every evening
through Thursday in the Union, are
being addressed by prominent lead
ers on pertinent subjects.
Professor Carlton J. H. Hayes ad
dressed the dinner meeting last
night on the subject, "Totalitarian
ism in the Light of History." To
night's dinner meeting will be ad
dressed by Karl Brandt of the
Food Research Institute on "The
Food Problem in World War II."
The fifth annual Business Confer
ence sponsored by the Graduate
School of Business convened Mon
day morning with its first meeting
at Lagunita. First speaker on the
conference program was Professor
Sumner H. Slichter of the School of
Business, who addressed the group
on the subject, "Labor Problems
under Defense — Labor Supply and
Wages." Professor Slichter will ad
dress the group at the first morning
meetings of the group throughout
the week.
The general theme of this year's
conference is "American Business in
a World at War." Persons attending
the conference can go to all the
morning meetings and will have
several options as to which after
noon round-table discussions they
will attend. The round-tables will
be led by persons actually engaged
in the particular phase of business
under consideration.
The conference schedule is quite
heavy with meetings from 8:30 a.m.
until after dinner through Thursday,
the Friday and final session con
cluding at 1:30.
An innovation this year is a ses
sion meeting each afternoon dealing
specifically with the problems of
small business.
The dinner meetings of the group,
which are being held every evening
through Thursday in the Union, are
being addressed by prominent lead
ers on pertinent subjects.
Professor Carlton J. H. Hayes ad
dressed the dinner meeting last
night on the subject, "Totalitarian
ism in the Light of History." To
night's dinner meeting will be ad
dressed by Karl Brandt of the
Food Research Institute on "The
Food Problem in World War II."
The fifth annual Business Confer
ence sponsored by the Graduate
School of Business convened Mon
day morning with its first meeting
at Lagunita. First speaker on the
conference program was Professor
Sumner H. Slichter of the School of
Business, who addressed the group
on the subject, "Labor Problems
under Defense — Labor Supply and
Wages." Professor Slichter will ad
dress the group at the first morning
meetings of the group throughout
the week.
The general theme of this year's
conference is "American Business in
a World at War." Persons attending
the conference can go to all the
morning meetings and will have
several options as to which after
noon round-table discussions they
will attend. The round-tables will
be led by persons actually engaged
in the particular phase of business
under consideration.
The conference schedule is quite
heavy with meetings from 8:30 a.m.
until after dinner through Thursday,
the Friday and final session con
cluding at 1:30.
An innovation this year is a ses
sion meeting each afternoon dealing
specifically with the problems of
small business.
The dinner meetings of the group,
which are being held every evening
through Thursday in the Union, are
being addressed by prominent lead
ers on pertinent subjects.
Professor Carlton J. H. Hayes ad
dressed the dinner meeting last
night on the subject, "Totalitarian
ism in the Light of History." To
night's dinner meeting will be ad
dressed by Karl Brandt of the
Food Research Institute on "The
Food Problem in World War II."
The fifth annual Business Confer
ence sponsored by the Graduate
School of Business convened Mon
day morning with its first meeting
at Lagunita. First speaker on the
conference program was Professor
Sumner H. Slichter of the School of
Business, who addressed the group
on the subject, "Labor Problems
under Defense — Labor Supply and
Wages." Professor Slichter will ad
dress the group at the first morning
meetings of the group throughout
the week.
The general theme of this year's
conference is "American Business in
a World at War." Persons attending
the conference can go to all the
morning meetings and will have
several options as to which after
noon round-table discussions they
will attend. The round-tables will
be led by persons actually engaged
in the particular phase of business
under consideration.
The conference schedule is quite
heavy with meetings from 8:30 a.m.
until after dinner through Thursday,
the Friday and final session con
cluding at 1:30.
An innovation this year is a ses
sion meeting each afternoon dealing
specifically with the problems of
small business.
The dinner meetings of the group,
which are being held every evening
through Thursday in the Union, are
being addressed by prominent lead
ers on pertinent subjects.
Professor Carlton J. H. Hayes ad
dressed the dinner meeting last
night on the subject, "Totalitarian
ism in the Light of History." To
night's dinner meeting will be ad
dressed by Karl Brandt of the
Food Research Institute on "The
Food Problem in World War II."
The fifth annual Business Confer
ence sponsored by the Graduate
School of Business convened Mon
day morning with its first meeting
at Lagunita. First speaker on the
conference program was Professor
Sumner H. Slichter of the School of
Business, who addressed the group
on the subject, "Labor Problems
under Defense — Labor Supply and
Wages." Professor Slichter will ad
dress the group at the first morning
meetings of the group throughout
the week.
The general theme of this year's
conference is "American Business in
a World at War." Persons attending
the conference can go to all the
morning meetings and will have
several options as to which after
noon round-table discussions they
will attend. The round-tables will
be led by persons actually engaged
in the particular phase of business
under consideration.
The conference schedule is quite
heavy with meetings from 8:30 a.m.
until after dinner through Thursday,
the Friday and final session con
cluding at 1:30.
An innovation this year is a ses
sion meeting each afternoon dealing
specifically with the problems of
small business.
The dinner meetings of the group,
which are being held every evening
through Thursday in the Union, are
being addressed by prominent lead
ers on pertinent subjects.
Professor Carlton J. H. Hayes ad
dressed the dinner meeting last
night on the subject, "Totalitarian
ism in the Light of History." To
night's dinner meeting will be ad
dressed by Karl Brandt of the
Food Research Institute on "The
Food Problem in World War II."
