# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
Matinee with special benefit
program today 2:30
LAST TIMES TONIGHT
Helen Twelvetrees in the
"WOMAN OF
EXPERIENCE"
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Continuous 2:30 Till 11 P.M.
HOOT GIBSON
in the
"HARD HOMBRE"
Also true detective yarns and
other subjects
SATURDAY
GEORGE O'BRIEN
in
"THE HOLY
TERROR"
STARTS SUNDAY
SIX DAYS
ANN HARDING in
"DEVOTION"
Matinee with special benefit
program today 2:30
LAST TIMES TONIGHT
Helen Twelvetrees in the
"WOMAN OF
EXPERIENCE"
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Continuous 2:30 Till 11 P.M.
HOOT GIBSON
in the
"HARD HOMBRE"
Also true detective yarns and
other subjects
SATURDAY
GEORGE O'BRIEN
in
"THE HOLY
TERROR"
STARTS SUNDAY
SIX DAYS
ANN HARDING in
"DEVOTION"
Matinee with special benefit
program today 2:30
LAST TIMES TONIGHT
Helen Twelvetrees in the
"WOMAN OF
EXPERIENCE"
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Continuous 2:30 Till 11 P.M.
HOOT GIBSON
in the
"HARD HOMBRE"
Also true detective yarns and
other subjects
SATURDAY
GEORGE O'BRIEN
in
"THE HOLY
TERROR"
STARTS SUNDAY
SIX DAYS
ANN HARDING in
"DEVOTION"
Matinee with special benefit
program today 2:30
LAST TIMES TONIGHT
Helen Twelvetrees in the
"WOMAN OF
EXPERIENCE"
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Continuous 2:30 Till 11 P.M.
HOOT GIBSON
in the
"HARD HOMBRE"
Also true detective yarns and
other subjects
SATURDAY
GEORGE O'BRIEN
in
"THE HOLY
TERROR"
STARTS SUNDAY
SIX DAYS
ANN HARDING in
"DEVOTION"
Matinee with special benefit
program today 2:30
LAST TIMES TONIGHT
Helen Twelvetrees in the
"WOMAN OF
EXPERIENCE"
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Continuous 2:30 Till 11 P.M.
HOOT GIBSON
in the
"HARD HOMBRE"
Also true detective yarns and
other subjects
SATURDAY
GEORGE O'BRIEN
in
"THE HOLY
TERROR"
STARTS SUNDAY
SIX DAYS
ANN HARDING in
"DEVOTION"
Matinee with special benefit
program today 2:30
LAST TIMES TONIGHT
Helen Twelvetrees in the
"WOMAN OF
EXPERIENCE"
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Continuous 2:30 Till 11 P.M.
HOOT GIBSON
in the
"HARD HOMBRE"
Also true detective yarns and
other subjects
SATURDAY
GEORGE O'BRIEN
in
"THE HOLY
TERROR"
STARTS SUNDAY
SIX DAYS
ANN HARDING in
"DEVOTION"
Matinee with special benefit
program today 2:30
LAST TIMES TONIGHT
Helen Twelvetrees in the
"WOMAN OF
EXPERIENCE"
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Continuous 2:30 Till 11 P.M.
HOOT GIBSON
in the
"HARD HOMBRE"
Also true detective yarns and
other subjects
SATURDAY
GEORGE O'BRIEN
in
"THE HOLY
TERROR"
STARTS SUNDAY
SIX DAYS
ANN HARDING in
"DEVOTION"
Matinee with special benefit
program today 2:30
LAST TIMES TONIGHT
Helen Twelvetrees in the
"WOMAN OF
EXPERIENCE"
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Continuous 2:30 Till 11 P.M.
HOOT GIBSON
in the
"HARD HOMBRE"
Also true detective yarns and
other subjects
SATURDAY
GEORGE O'BRIEN
in
"THE HOLY
TERROR"
STARTS SUNDAY
SIX DAYS
ANN HARDING in
"DEVOTION"
Matinee with special benefit
program today 2:30
LAST TIMES TONIGHT
Helen Twelvetrees in the
"WOMAN OF
EXPERIENCE"
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Continuous 2:30 Till 11 P.M.
HOOT GIBSON
in the
"HARD HOMBRE"
Also true detective yarns and
other subjects
SATURDAY
GEORGE O'BRIEN
in
"THE HOLY
TERROR"
STARTS SUNDAY
SIX DAYS
ANN HARDING in
"DEVOTION"
Matinee with special benefit
program today 2:30
LAST TIMES TONIGHT
Helen Twelvetrees in the
"WOMAN OF
EXPERIENCE"
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Continuous 2:30 Till 11 P.M.
HOOT GIBSON
in the
"HARD HOMBRE"
Also true detective yarns and
other subjects
SATURDAY
GEORGE O'BRIEN
in
"THE HOLY
TERROR"
STARTS SUNDAY
SIX DAYS
ANN HARDING in
"DEVOTION"
Matinee with special benefit
program today 2:30
LAST TIMES TONIGHT
Helen Twelvetrees in the
"WOMAN OF
EXPERIENCE"
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Continuous 2:30 Till 11 P.M.
HOOT GIBSON
in the
"HARD HOMBRE"
Also true detective yarns and
other subjects
SATURDAY
GEORGE O'BRIEN
in
"THE HOLY
TERROR"
STARTS SUNDAY
SIX DAYS
ANN HARDING in
"DEVOTION"
Matinee with special benefit
program today 2:30
LAST TIMES TONIGHT
Helen Twelvetrees in the
"WOMAN OF
EXPERIENCE"
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Continuous 2:30 Till 11 P.M.
HOOT GIBSON
in the
"HARD HOMBRE"
Also true detective yarns and
other subjects
SATURDAY
GEORGE O'BRIEN
in
"THE HOLY
TERROR"
STARTS SUNDAY
SIX DAYS
ANN HARDING in
"DEVOTION"
Matinee with special benefit
program today 2:30
LAST TIMES TONIGHT
Helen Twelvetrees in the
"WOMAN OF
EXPERIENCE"
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Continuous 2:30 Till 11 P.M.
HOOT GIBSON
in the
"HARD HOMBRE"
Also true detective yarns and
other subjects
SATURDAY
GEORGE O'BRIEN
in
"THE HOLY
TERROR"
STARTS SUNDAY
SIX DAYS
ANN HARDING in
"DEVOTION"
Matinee with special benefit
program today 2:30
LAST TIMES TONIGHT
Helen Twelvetrees in the
"WOMAN OF
EXPERIENCE"
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Continuous 2:30 Till 11 P.M.
HOOT GIBSON
in the
"HARD HOMBRE"
Also true detective yarns and
other subjects
SATURDAY
GEORGE O'BRIEN
in
"THE HOLY
TERROR"
STARTS SUNDAY
SIX DAYS
ANN HARDING in
"DEVOTION"
Matinee with special benefit
program today 2:30
LAST TIMES TONIGHT
Helen Twelvetrees in the
"WOMAN OF
EXPERIENCE"
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Continuous 2:30 Till 11 P.M.
HOOT GIBSON
in the
"HARD HOMBRE"
Also true detective yarns and
other subjects
SATURDAY
GEORGE O'BRIEN
in
"THE HOLY
TERROR"
STARTS SUNDAY
SIX DAYS
ANN HARDING in
"DEVOTION"
