# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRA IT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRA IT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRA IT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRA IT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRA IT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRA IT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRA IT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRA IT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRA IT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRA IT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRA IT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRA IT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRA IT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRA IT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRA IT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
