# PACIFIC RELATIONS IS SUBJECT OF LECTURE
## 
### 
The work of the Institute of Pa
cific Relations will be the subject
of a lecture next Tuesday evening
by Professor Joseph P. Chamber
lain in the Assembly Hall.
Professor Chamberlain has iust
returned from China where he at
tended the Fourth Biennial Confer
ence of the Institute of Pacific Re
lations, which was held at Shanghai
during the past few weeks. The pro
fessor served as a member of the
American group. He was also a
member of this group when the In
stitute met at Kyoto, Japan, two
years ago.
The work of the Institute of Pa
cific Relations will be the subject
of a lecture next Tuesday evening
by Professor Joseph P. Chamber
lain in the Assembly Hall.
Professor Chamberlain has iust
returned from China where he at
tended the Fourth Biennial Confer
ence of the Institute of Pacific Re
lations, which was held at Shanghai
during the past few weeks. The pro
fessor served as a member of the
American group. He was also a
member of this group when the In
stitute met at Kyoto, Japan, two
years ago.
The work of the Institute of Pa
cific Relations will be the subject
of a lecture next Tuesday evening
by Professor Joseph P. Chamber
lain in the Assembly Hall.
Professor Chamberlain has iust
returned from China where he at
tended the Fourth Biennial Confer
ence of the Institute of Pacific Re
lations, which was held at Shanghai
during the past few weeks. The pro
fessor served as a member of the
American group. He was also a
member of this group when the In
stitute met at Kyoto, Japan, two
years ago.
The work of the Institute of Pa
cific Relations will be the subject
of a lecture next Tuesday evening
by Professor Joseph P. Chamber
lain in the Assembly Hall.
Professor Chamberlain has iust
returned from China where he at
tended the Fourth Biennial Confer
ence of the Institute of Pacific Re
lations, which was held at Shanghai
during the past few weeks. The pro
fessor served as a member of the
American group. He was also a
member of this group when the In
stitute met at Kyoto, Japan, two
years ago.
The work of the Institute of Pa
cific Relations will be the subject
of a lecture next Tuesday evening
by Professor Joseph P. Chamber
lain in the Assembly Hall.
Professor Chamberlain has iust
returned from China where he at
tended the Fourth Biennial Confer
ence of the Institute of Pacific Re
lations, which was held at Shanghai
during the past few weeks. The pro
fessor served as a member of the
American group. He was also a
member of this group when the In
stitute met at Kyoto, Japan, two
years ago.
The work of the Institute of Pa
cific Relations will be the subject
of a lecture next Tuesday evening
by Professor Joseph P. Chamber
lain in the Assembly Hall.
Professor Chamberlain has iust
returned from China where he at
tended the Fourth Biennial Confer
ence of the Institute of Pacific Re
lations, which was held at Shanghai
during the past few weeks. The pro
fessor served as a member of the
American group. He was also a
member of this group when the In
stitute met at Kyoto, Japan, two
years ago.
The work of the Institute of Pa
cific Relations will be the subject
of a lecture next Tuesday evening
by Professor Joseph P. Chamber
lain in the Assembly Hall.
Professor Chamberlain has iust
returned from China where he at
tended the Fourth Biennial Confer
ence of the Institute of Pacific Re
lations, which was held at Shanghai
during the past few weeks. The pro
fessor served as a member of the
American group. He was also a
member of this group when the In
stitute met at Kyoto, Japan, two
years ago.
The work of the Institute of Pa
cific Relations will be the subject
of a lecture next Tuesday evening
by Professor Joseph P. Chamber
lain in the Assembly Hall.
Professor Chamberlain has iust
returned from China where he at
tended the Fourth Biennial Confer
ence of the Institute of Pacific Re
lations, which was held at Shanghai
during the past few weeks. The pro
fessor served as a member of the
American group. He was also a
member of this group when the In
stitute met at Kyoto, Japan, two
years ago.
The work of the Institute of Pa
cific Relations will be the subject
of a lecture next Tuesday evening
by Professor Joseph P. Chamber
lain in the Assembly Hall.
Professor Chamberlain has iust
returned from China where he at
tended the Fourth Biennial Confer
ence of the Institute of Pacific Re
lations, which was held at Shanghai
during the past few weeks. The pro
fessor served as a member of the
American group. He was also a
member of this group when the In
stitute met at Kyoto, Japan, two
years ago.
The work of the Institute of Pa
cific Relations will be the subject
of a lecture next Tuesday evening
by Professor Joseph P. Chamber
lain in the Assembly Hall.
Professor Chamberlain has iust
returned from China where he at
tended the Fourth Biennial Confer
ence of the Institute of Pacific Re
lations, which was held at Shanghai
during the past few weeks. The pro
fessor served as a member of the
American group. He was also a
member of this group when the In
stitute met at Kyoto, Japan, two
years ago.
The work of the Institute of Pa
cific Relations will be the subject
of a lecture next Tuesday evening
by Professor Joseph P. Chamber
lain in the Assembly Hall.
Professor Chamberlain has iust
returned from China where he at
tended the Fourth Biennial Confer
ence of the Institute of Pacific Re
lations, which was held at Shanghai
during the past few weeks. The pro
fessor served as a member of the
American group. He was also a
member of this group when the In
stitute met at Kyoto, Japan, two
years ago.
The work of the Institute of Pa
cific Relations will be the subject
of a lecture next Tuesday evening
by Professor Joseph P. Chamber
lain in the Assembly Hall.
Professor Chamberlain has iust
returned from China where he at
tended the Fourth Biennial Confer
ence of the Institute of Pacific Re
lations, which was held at Shanghai
during the past few weeks. The pro
fessor served as a member of the
American group. He was also a
member of this group when the In
stitute met at Kyoto, Japan, two
years ago.
The work of the Institute of Pa
cific Relations will be the subject
of a lecture next Tuesday evening
by Professor Joseph P. Chamber
lain in the Assembly Hall.
Professor Chamberlain has iust
returned from China where he at
tended the Fourth Biennial Confer
ence of the Institute of Pacific Re
lations, which was held at Shanghai
during the past few weeks. The pro
fessor served as a member of the
American group. He was also a
member of this group when the In
stitute met at Kyoto, Japan, two
years ago.
The work of the Institute of Pa
cific Relations will be the subject
of a lecture next Tuesday evening
by Professor Joseph P. Chamber
lain in the Assembly Hall.
Professor Chamberlain has iust
returned from China where he at
tended the Fourth Biennial Confer
ence of the Institute of Pacific Re
lations, which was held at Shanghai
during the past few weeks. The pro
fessor served as a member of the
American group. He was also a
member of this group when the In
stitute met at Kyoto, Japan, two
years ago.
The work of the Institute of Pa
cific Relations will be the subject
of a lecture next Tuesday evening
by Professor Joseph P. Chamber
lain in the Assembly Hall.
Professor Chamberlain has iust
returned from China where he at
tended the Fourth Biennial Confer
ence of the Institute of Pacific Re
lations, which was held at Shanghai
during the past few weeks. The pro
fessor served as a member of the
American group. He was also a
member of this group when the In
stitute met at Kyoto, Japan, two
years ago.
