# HOPE TO KEEP WEST IN LEAD
## 
### 

Three of the University of California at Los Angeles football players
who will face the Florida eleven Thanksgiving Day in an intersectional
game. Wslienaorf plays at end and Haslam at guard. Captain Duncan
takes care of the fullback nosition.

Three of the University of California at Los Angeles football players
who will face the Florida eleven Thanksgiving Day in an intersectional
game. Wslienaorf plays at end and Haslam at guard. Captain Duncan
takes care of the fullback nosition.

Three of the University of California at Los Angeles football players
who will face the Florida eleven Thanksgiving Day in an intersectional
game. Wslienaorf plays at end and Haslam at guard. Captain Duncan
takes care of the fullback nosition.

Three of the University of California at Los Angeles football players
who will face the Florida eleven Thanksgiving Day in an intersectional
game. Wslienaorf plays at end and Haslam at guard. Captain Duncan
takes care of the fullback nosition.

Three of the University of California at Los Angeles football players
who will face the Florida eleven Thanksgiving Day in an intersectional
game. Wslienaorf plays at end and Haslam at guard. Captain Duncan
takes care of the fullback nosition.

Three of the University of California at Los Angeles football players
who will face the Florida eleven Thanksgiving Day in an intersectional
game. Wslienaorf plays at end and Haslam at guard. Captain Duncan
takes care of the fullback nosition.

Three of the University of California at Los Angeles football players
who will face the Florida eleven Thanksgiving Day in an intersectional
game. Wslienaorf plays at end and Haslam at guard. Captain Duncan
takes care of the fullback nosition.

Three of the University of California at Los Angeles football players
who will face the Florida eleven Thanksgiving Day in an intersectional
game. Wslienaorf plays at end and Haslam at guard. Captain Duncan
takes care of the fullback nosition.

Three of the University of California at Los Angeles football players
who will face the Florida eleven Thanksgiving Day in an intersectional
game. Wslienaorf plays at end and Haslam at guard. Captain Duncan
takes care of the fullback nosition.

Three of the University of California at Los Angeles football players
who will face the Florida eleven Thanksgiving Day in an intersectional
game. Wslienaorf plays at end and Haslam at guard. Captain Duncan
takes care of the fullback nosition.

Three of the University of California at Los Angeles football players
who will face the Florida eleven Thanksgiving Day in an intersectional
game. Wslienaorf plays at end and Haslam at guard. Captain Duncan
takes care of the fullback nosition.

Three of the University of California at Los Angeles football players
who will face the Florida eleven Thanksgiving Day in an intersectional
game. Wslienaorf plays at end and Haslam at guard. Captain Duncan
takes care of the fullback nosition.

Three of the University of California at Los Angeles football players
who will face the Florida eleven Thanksgiving Day in an intersectional
game. Wslienaorf plays at end and Haslam at guard. Captain Duncan
takes care of the fullback nosition.

Three of the University of California at Los Angeles football players
who will face the Florida eleven Thanksgiving Day in an intersectional
game. Wslienaorf plays at end and Haslam at guard. Captain Duncan
takes care of the fullback nosition.

Three of the University of California at Los Angeles football players
who will face the Florida eleven Thanksgiving Day in an intersectional
game. Wslienaorf plays at end and Haslam at guard. Captain Duncan
takes care of the fullback nosition.
