# RIFLE CLUB STARTS MEMBERSHIP DRIVE
## 
### 
Students interested in becoming
members of the Stanford Rille Club
are urged to report to the range of
ficer in charge of the target range
unfier the Administration Building
any afternoon between 2 and 5
o'clock or on Saturday mornings.
Matches will be held with about
thirty other institutions in winter
quarter, so membership in this club
gives each student a chance to rep
resent his university.
Students interested in becoming
members of the Stanford Rille Club
are urged to report to the range of
ficer in charge of the target range
unfier the Administration Building
any afternoon between 2 and 5
o'clock or on Saturday mornings.
Matches will be held with about
thirty other institutions in winter
quarter, so membership in this club
gives each student a chance to rep
resent his university.
Students interested in becoming
members of the Stanford Rille Club
are urged to report to the range of
ficer in charge of the target range
unfier the Administration Building
any afternoon between 2 and 5
o'clock or on Saturday mornings.
Matches will be held with about
thirty other institutions in winter
quarter, so membership in this club
gives each student a chance to rep
resent his university.
Students interested in becoming
members of the Stanford Rille Club
are urged to report to the range of
ficer in charge of the target range
unfier the Administration Building
any afternoon between 2 and 5
o'clock or on Saturday mornings.
Matches will be held with about
thirty other institutions in winter
quarter, so membership in this club
gives each student a chance to rep
resent his university.
Students interested in becoming
members of the Stanford Rille Club
are urged to report to the range of
ficer in charge of the target range
unfier the Administration Building
any afternoon between 2 and 5
o'clock or on Saturday mornings.
Matches will be held with about
thirty other institutions in winter
quarter, so membership in this club
gives each student a chance to rep
resent his university.
Students interested in becoming
members of the Stanford Rille Club
are urged to report to the range of
ficer in charge of the target range
unfier the Administration Building
any afternoon between 2 and 5
o'clock or on Saturday mornings.
Matches will be held with about
thirty other institutions in winter
quarter, so membership in this club
gives each student a chance to rep
resent his university.
Students interested in becoming
members of the Stanford Rille Club
are urged to report to the range of
ficer in charge of the target range
unfier the Administration Building
any afternoon between 2 and 5
o'clock or on Saturday mornings.
Matches will be held with about
thirty other institutions in winter
quarter, so membership in this club
gives each student a chance to rep
resent his university.
Students interested in becoming
members of the Stanford Rille Club
are urged to report to the range of
ficer in charge of the target range
unfier the Administration Building
any afternoon between 2 and 5
o'clock or on Saturday mornings.
Matches will be held with about
thirty other institutions in winter
quarter, so membership in this club
gives each student a chance to rep
resent his university.
Students interested in becoming
members of the Stanford Rille Club
are urged to report to the range of
ficer in charge of the target range
unfier the Administration Building
any afternoon between 2 and 5
o'clock or on Saturday mornings.
Matches will be held with about
thirty other institutions in winter
quarter, so membership in this club
gives each student a chance to rep
resent his university.
Students interested in becoming
members of the Stanford Rille Club
are urged to report to the range of
ficer in charge of the target range
unfier the Administration Building
any afternoon between 2 and 5
o'clock or on Saturday mornings.
Matches will be held with about
thirty other institutions in winter
quarter, so membership in this club
gives each student a chance to rep
resent his university.
Students interested in becoming
members of the Stanford Rille Club
are urged to report to the range of
ficer in charge of the target range
unfier the Administration Building
any afternoon between 2 and 5
o'clock or on Saturday mornings.
Matches will be held with about
thirty other institutions in winter
quarter, so membership in this club
gives each student a chance to rep
resent his university.
Students interested in becoming
members of the Stanford Rille Club
are urged to report to the range of
ficer in charge of the target range
unfier the Administration Building
any afternoon between 2 and 5
o'clock or on Saturday mornings.
Matches will be held with about
thirty other institutions in winter
quarter, so membership in this club
gives each student a chance to rep
resent his university.
Students interested in becoming
members of the Stanford Rille Club
are urged to report to the range of
ficer in charge of the target range
unfier the Administration Building
any afternoon between 2 and 5
o'clock or on Saturday mornings.
Matches will be held with about
thirty other institutions in winter
quarter, so membership in this club
gives each student a chance to rep
resent his university.
Students interested in becoming
members of the Stanford Rille Club
are urged to report to the range of
ficer in charge of the target range
unfier the Administration Building
any afternoon between 2 and 5
o'clock or on Saturday mornings.
Matches will be held with about
thirty other institutions in winter
quarter, so membership in this club
gives each student a chance to rep
resent his university.
Students interested in becoming
members of the Stanford Rille Club
are urged to report to the range of
ficer in charge of the target range
unfier the Administration Building
any afternoon between 2 and 5
o'clock or on Saturday mornings.
Matches will be held with about
thirty other institutions in winter
quarter, so membership in this club
gives each student a chance to rep
resent his university.
