# STANFORD ORCHESTRA WORKING ON CONCERT
## 
### 
Work on the symphony concert,
which will be given here December
9 by the Stanford Symphony
Orchestra, is progessing under the
direction of Mrs. Marguerite Mac-
Manus, conductor.
Tlie orchestra will give Mozart's
best-known and most popular com
position, his Symphony in G Minor,
as well as other numbers to be an
nounced in the near future. The
concert is a regular quarterly pre
sentation.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 24. (JP)—
The coastwise steamer Admiral Far
ragut and the river boat Beaver
collided at the Admiral Line dock
here today. The Beaver was dam
aged so badly it had to be beached
to prevent its sinking. No one was
injured.
Work on the symphony concert,
which will be given here December
9 by the Stanford Symphony
Orchestra, is progessing under the
direction of Mrs. Marguerite Mac-
Manus, conductor.
Tlie orchestra will give Mozart's
best-known and most popular com
position, his Symphony in G Minor,
as well as other numbers to be an
nounced in the near future. The
concert is a regular quarterly pre
sentation.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 24. (JP)—
The coastwise steamer Admiral Far
ragut and the river boat Beaver
collided at the Admiral Line dock
here today. The Beaver was dam
aged so badly it had to be beached
to prevent its sinking. No one was
injured.
Work on the symphony concert,
which will be given here December
9 by the Stanford Symphony
Orchestra, is progessing under the
direction of Mrs. Marguerite Mac-
Manus, conductor.
Tlie orchestra will give Mozart's
best-known and most popular com
position, his Symphony in G Minor,
as well as other numbers to be an
nounced in the near future. The
concert is a regular quarterly pre
sentation.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 24. (JP)—
The coastwise steamer Admiral Far
ragut and the river boat Beaver
collided at the Admiral Line dock
here today. The Beaver was dam
aged so badly it had to be beached
to prevent its sinking. No one was
injured.
Work on the symphony concert,
which will be given here December
9 by the Stanford Symphony
Orchestra, is progessing under the
direction of Mrs. Marguerite Mac-
Manus, conductor.
Tlie orchestra will give Mozart's
best-known and most popular com
position, his Symphony in G Minor,
as well as other numbers to be an
nounced in the near future. The
concert is a regular quarterly pre
sentation.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 24. (JP)—
The coastwise steamer Admiral Far
ragut and the river boat Beaver
collided at the Admiral Line dock
here today. The Beaver was dam
aged so badly it had to be beached
to prevent its sinking. No one was
injured.
Work on the symphony concert,
which will be given here December
9 by the Stanford Symphony
Orchestra, is progessing under the
direction of Mrs. Marguerite Mac-
Manus, conductor.
Tlie orchestra will give Mozart's
best-known and most popular com
position, his Symphony in G Minor,
as well as other numbers to be an
nounced in the near future. The
concert is a regular quarterly pre
sentation.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 24. (JP)—
The coastwise steamer Admiral Far
ragut and the river boat Beaver
collided at the Admiral Line dock
here today. The Beaver was dam
aged so badly it had to be beached
to prevent its sinking. No one was
injured.
Work on the symphony concert,
which will be given here December
9 by the Stanford Symphony
Orchestra, is progessing under the
direction of Mrs. Marguerite Mac-
Manus, conductor.
Tlie orchestra will give Mozart's
best-known and most popular com
position, his Symphony in G Minor,
as well as other numbers to be an
nounced in the near future. The
concert is a regular quarterly pre
sentation.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 24. (JP)—
The coastwise steamer Admiral Far
ragut and the river boat Beaver
collided at the Admiral Line dock
here today. The Beaver was dam
aged so badly it had to be beached
to prevent its sinking. No one was
injured.
Work on the symphony concert,
which will be given here December
9 by the Stanford Symphony
Orchestra, is progessing under the
direction of Mrs. Marguerite Mac-
Manus, conductor.
Tlie orchestra will give Mozart's
best-known and most popular com
position, his Symphony in G Minor,
as well as other numbers to be an
nounced in the near future. The
concert is a regular quarterly pre
sentation.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 24. (JP)—
The coastwise steamer Admiral Far
ragut and the river boat Beaver
collided at the Admiral Line dock
here today. The Beaver was dam
aged so badly it had to be beached
to prevent its sinking. No one was
injured.
Work on the symphony concert,
which will be given here December
9 by the Stanford Symphony
Orchestra, is progessing under the
direction of Mrs. Marguerite Mac-
Manus, conductor.
Tlie orchestra will give Mozart's
best-known and most popular com
position, his Symphony in G Minor,
as well as other numbers to be an
nounced in the near future. The
concert is a regular quarterly pre
sentation.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 24. (JP)—
The coastwise steamer Admiral Far
ragut and the river boat Beaver
collided at the Admiral Line dock
here today. The Beaver was dam
aged so badly it had to be beached
to prevent its sinking. No one was
injured.
Work on the symphony concert,
which will be given here December
9 by the Stanford Symphony
Orchestra, is progessing under the
direction of Mrs. Marguerite Mac-
Manus, conductor.
Tlie orchestra will give Mozart's
best-known and most popular com
position, his Symphony in G Minor,
as well as other numbers to be an
nounced in the near future. The
concert is a regular quarterly pre
sentation.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 24. (JP)—
The coastwise steamer Admiral Far
ragut and the river boat Beaver
collided at the Admiral Line dock
here today. The Beaver was dam
aged so badly it had to be beached
to prevent its sinking. No one was
injured.
Work on the symphony concert,
which will be given here December
9 by the Stanford Symphony
Orchestra, is progessing under the
direction of Mrs. Marguerite Mac-
Manus, conductor.
Tlie orchestra will give Mozart's
best-known and most popular com
position, his Symphony in G Minor,
as well as other numbers to be an
nounced in the near future. The
concert is a regular quarterly pre
sentation.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 24. (JP)—
The coastwise steamer Admiral Far
ragut and the river boat Beaver
collided at the Admiral Line dock
here today. The Beaver was dam
aged so badly it had to be beached
to prevent its sinking. No one was
injured.
Work on the symphony concert,
which will be given here December
9 by the Stanford Symphony
Orchestra, is progessing under the
direction of Mrs. Marguerite Mac-
Manus, conductor.
Tlie orchestra will give Mozart's
best-known and most popular com
position, his Symphony in G Minor,
as well as other numbers to be an
nounced in the near future. The
concert is a regular quarterly pre
sentation.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 24. (JP)—
The coastwise steamer Admiral Far
ragut and the river boat Beaver
collided at the Admiral Line dock
here today. The Beaver was dam
aged so badly it had to be beached
to prevent its sinking. No one was
injured.
Work on the symphony concert,
which will be given here December
9 by the Stanford Symphony
Orchestra, is progessing under the
direction of Mrs. Marguerite Mac-
Manus, conductor.
Tlie orchestra will give Mozart's
best-known and most popular com
position, his Symphony in G Minor,
as well as other numbers to be an
nounced in the near future. The
concert is a regular quarterly pre
sentation.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 24. (JP)—
The coastwise steamer Admiral Far
ragut and the river boat Beaver
collided at the Admiral Line dock
here today. The Beaver was dam
aged so badly it had to be beached
to prevent its sinking. No one was
injured.
Work on the symphony concert,
which will be given here December
9 by the Stanford Symphony
Orchestra, is progessing under the
direction of Mrs. Marguerite Mac-
Manus, conductor.
Tlie orchestra will give Mozart's
best-known and most popular com
position, his Symphony in G Minor,
as well as other numbers to be an
nounced in the near future. The
concert is a regular quarterly pre
sentation.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 24. (JP)—
The coastwise steamer Admiral Far
ragut and the river boat Beaver
collided at the Admiral Line dock
here today. The Beaver was dam
aged so badly it had to be beached
to prevent its sinking. No one was
injured.
Work on the symphony concert,
which will be given here December
9 by the Stanford Symphony
Orchestra, is progessing under the
direction of Mrs. Marguerite Mac-
Manus, conductor.
Tlie orchestra will give Mozart's
best-known and most popular com
position, his Symphony in G Minor,
as well as other numbers to be an
nounced in the near future. The
concert is a regular quarterly pre
sentation.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 24. (JP)—
The coastwise steamer Admiral Far
ragut and the river boat Beaver
collided at the Admiral Line dock
here today. The Beaver was dam
aged so badly it had to be beached
to prevent its sinking. No one was
injured.
Work on the symphony concert,
which will be given here December
9 by the Stanford Symphony
Orchestra, is progessing under the
direction of Mrs. Marguerite Mac-
Manus, conductor.
Tlie orchestra will give Mozart's
best-known and most popular com
position, his Symphony in G Minor,
as well as other numbers to be an
nounced in the near future. The
concert is a regular quarterly pre
sentation.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 24. (JP)—
The coastwise steamer Admiral Far
ragut and the river boat Beaver
collided at the Admiral Line dock
here today. The Beaver was dam
aged so badly it had to be beached
to prevent its sinking. No one was
injured.
