# Adv. 9 Page 2
## 
### 
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all timos ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
_266_Uniyersity P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all timos ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
_266_Uniyersity P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all timos ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
_266_Uniyersity P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all timos ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
_266_Uniyersity P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all timos ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
_266_Uniyersity P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all timos ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
_266_Uniyersity P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all timos ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
_266_Uniyersity P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all timos ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
_266_Uniyersity P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all timos ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
_266_Uniyersity P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all timos ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
_266_Uniyersity P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all timos ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
_266_Uniyersity P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all timos ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
_266_Uniyersity P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all timos ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
_266_Uniyersity P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all timos ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
_266_Uniyersity P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all timos ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
_266_Uniyersity P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all timos ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
_266_Uniyersity P.A. 8315
