# FARM LOOKS ON....
## 
### 
President Roosevelt leaves tonight
on a South American trip, planning
to attend the opening of the Inter-
American Peace Conference set for
Buenos Aires December 1. Yesterday
the Pilot told Washington newsmen
that lie considered world peace more
important than the maritime strike
extant in various parts of the coun
try, and that he hoped ship owners
and employees striking world recog
nize that fact and come to an agree
ment.
Meanwhile, three San Francisco
unions met with Thomas CI. Plant,
chairman of the owners' Coast com
mittee yesterday in negotiations that
may lead to resumption of working
agreements. It was the first time in
weeks that the opposing factions had
participated in a mutual gathering.
Hacked up for« while by a Loyal
ist defense that was stronger than
anybody anticipated, the Spanish
Rebels started a concerted drive yes
terday in what they hope will be
their last and winning attack on
Madrid. Tanks were massed for the
determined push, while the big guns
opened fire behind them with 200-
pound shells. At last reports the
rebels had invaded University City,
just, outside Madrid proper.
President Roosevelt leaves tonight
on a South American trip, planning
to attend the opening of the Inter-
American Peace Conference set for
Buenos Aires December 1. Yesterday
the Pilot told Washington newsmen
that lie considered world peace more
important than the maritime strike
extant in various parts of the coun
try, and that he hoped ship owners
and employees striking world recog
nize that fact and come to an agree
ment.
Meanwhile, three San Francisco
unions met with Thomas CI. Plant,
chairman of the owners' Coast com
mittee yesterday in negotiations that
may lead to resumption of working
agreements. It was the first time in
weeks that the opposing factions had
participated in a mutual gathering.
Hacked up for« while by a Loyal
ist defense that was stronger than
anybody anticipated, the Spanish
Rebels started a concerted drive yes
terday in what they hope will be
their last and winning attack on
Madrid. Tanks were massed for the
determined push, while the big guns
opened fire behind them with 200-
pound shells. At last reports the
rebels had invaded University City,
just, outside Madrid proper.
President Roosevelt leaves tonight
on a South American trip, planning
to attend the opening of the Inter-
American Peace Conference set for
Buenos Aires December 1. Yesterday
the Pilot told Washington newsmen
that lie considered world peace more
important than the maritime strike
extant in various parts of the coun
try, and that he hoped ship owners
and employees striking world recog
nize that fact and come to an agree
ment.
Meanwhile, three San Francisco
unions met with Thomas CI. Plant,
chairman of the owners' Coast com
mittee yesterday in negotiations that
may lead to resumption of working
agreements. It was the first time in
weeks that the opposing factions had
participated in a mutual gathering.
Hacked up for« while by a Loyal
ist defense that was stronger than
anybody anticipated, the Spanish
Rebels started a concerted drive yes
terday in what they hope will be
their last and winning attack on
Madrid. Tanks were massed for the
determined push, while the big guns
opened fire behind them with 200-
pound shells. At last reports the
rebels had invaded University City,
just, outside Madrid proper.
President Roosevelt leaves tonight
on a South American trip, planning
to attend the opening of the Inter-
American Peace Conference set for
Buenos Aires December 1. Yesterday
the Pilot told Washington newsmen
that lie considered world peace more
important than the maritime strike
extant in various parts of the coun
try, and that he hoped ship owners
and employees striking world recog
nize that fact and come to an agree
ment.
Meanwhile, three San Francisco
unions met with Thomas CI. Plant,
chairman of the owners' Coast com
mittee yesterday in negotiations that
may lead to resumption of working
agreements. It was the first time in
weeks that the opposing factions had
participated in a mutual gathering.
Hacked up for« while by a Loyal
ist defense that was stronger than
anybody anticipated, the Spanish
Rebels started a concerted drive yes
terday in what they hope will be
their last and winning attack on
Madrid. Tanks were massed for the
determined push, while the big guns
opened fire behind them with 200-
pound shells. At last reports the
rebels had invaded University City,
just, outside Madrid proper.
President Roosevelt leaves tonight
on a South American trip, planning
to attend the opening of the Inter-
American Peace Conference set for
Buenos Aires December 1. Yesterday
the Pilot told Washington newsmen
that lie considered world peace more
important than the maritime strike
extant in various parts of the coun
try, and that he hoped ship owners
and employees striking world recog
nize that fact and come to an agree
ment.
Meanwhile, three San Francisco
unions met with Thomas CI. Plant,
chairman of the owners' Coast com
mittee yesterday in negotiations that
may lead to resumption of working
agreements. It was the first time in
weeks that the opposing factions had
participated in a mutual gathering.
Hacked up for« while by a Loyal
ist defense that was stronger than
anybody anticipated, the Spanish
Rebels started a concerted drive yes
terday in what they hope will be
their last and winning attack on
Madrid. Tanks were massed for the
determined push, while the big guns
opened fire behind them with 200-
pound shells. At last reports the
rebels had invaded University City,
just, outside Madrid proper.
President Roosevelt leaves tonight
on a South American trip, planning
to attend the opening of the Inter-
American Peace Conference set for
Buenos Aires December 1. Yesterday
the Pilot told Washington newsmen
that lie considered world peace more
important than the maritime strike
extant in various parts of the coun
try, and that he hoped ship owners
and employees striking world recog
nize that fact and come to an agree
ment.
Meanwhile, three San Francisco
unions met with Thomas CI. Plant,
chairman of the owners' Coast com
mittee yesterday in negotiations that
may lead to resumption of working
agreements. It was the first time in
weeks that the opposing factions had
participated in a mutual gathering.
Hacked up for« while by a Loyal
ist defense that was stronger than
anybody anticipated, the Spanish
Rebels started a concerted drive yes
terday in what they hope will be
their last and winning attack on
Madrid. Tanks were massed for the
determined push, while the big guns
opened fire behind them with 200-
pound shells. At last reports the
rebels had invaded University City,
just, outside Madrid proper.
President Roosevelt leaves tonight
on a South American trip, planning
to attend the opening of the Inter-
American Peace Conference set for
Buenos Aires December 1. Yesterday
the Pilot told Washington newsmen
that lie considered world peace more
important than the maritime strike
extant in various parts of the coun
try, and that he hoped ship owners
and employees striking world recog
nize that fact and come to an agree
ment.
Meanwhile, three San Francisco
unions met with Thomas CI. Plant,
chairman of the owners' Coast com
mittee yesterday in negotiations that
may lead to resumption of working
agreements. It was the first time in
weeks that the opposing factions had
participated in a mutual gathering.
Hacked up for« while by a Loyal
ist defense that was stronger than
anybody anticipated, the Spanish
Rebels started a concerted drive yes
terday in what they hope will be
their last and winning attack on
Madrid. Tanks were massed for the
determined push, while the big guns
opened fire behind them with 200-
pound shells. At last reports the
rebels had invaded University City,
just, outside Madrid proper.
President Roosevelt leaves tonight
on a South American trip, planning
to attend the opening of the Inter-
American Peace Conference set for
Buenos Aires December 1. Yesterday
the Pilot told Washington newsmen
that lie considered world peace more
important than the maritime strike
extant in various parts of the coun
try, and that he hoped ship owners
and employees striking world recog
nize that fact and come to an agree
ment.
Meanwhile, three San Francisco
unions met with Thomas CI. Plant,
chairman of the owners' Coast com
mittee yesterday in negotiations that
may lead to resumption of working
agreements. It was the first time in
weeks that the opposing factions had
participated in a mutual gathering.
Hacked up for« while by a Loyal
ist defense that was stronger than
anybody anticipated, the Spanish
Rebels started a concerted drive yes
terday in what they hope will be
their last and winning attack on
Madrid. Tanks were massed for the
determined push, while the big guns
opened fire behind them with 200-
pound shells. At last reports the
rebels had invaded University City,
just, outside Madrid proper.
President Roosevelt leaves tonight
on a South American trip, planning
to attend the opening of the Inter-
American Peace Conference set for
Buenos Aires December 1. Yesterday
the Pilot told Washington newsmen
that lie considered world peace more
important than the maritime strike
extant in various parts of the coun
try, and that he hoped ship owners
and employees striking world recog
nize that fact and come to an agree
ment.
Meanwhile, three San Francisco
unions met with Thomas CI. Plant,
chairman of the owners' Coast com
mittee yesterday in negotiations that
may lead to resumption of working
agreements. It was the first time in
weeks that the opposing factions had
participated in a mutual gathering.
Hacked up for« while by a Loyal
ist defense that was stronger than
anybody anticipated, the Spanish
Rebels started a concerted drive yes
terday in what they hope will be
their last and winning attack on
Madrid. Tanks were massed for the
determined push, while the big guns
opened fire behind them with 200-
pound shells. At last reports the
rebels had invaded University City,
just, outside Madrid proper.
President Roosevelt leaves tonight
on a South American trip, planning
to attend the opening of the Inter-
American Peace Conference set for
Buenos Aires December 1. Yesterday
the Pilot told Washington newsmen
that lie considered world peace more
important than the maritime strike
extant in various parts of the coun
try, and that he hoped ship owners
and employees striking world recog
nize that fact and come to an agree
ment.
Meanwhile, three San Francisco
unions met with Thomas CI. Plant,
chairman of the owners' Coast com
mittee yesterday in negotiations that
may lead to resumption of working
agreements. It was the first time in
weeks that the opposing factions had
participated in a mutual gathering.
Hacked up for« while by a Loyal
ist defense that was stronger than
anybody anticipated, the Spanish
Rebels started a concerted drive yes
terday in what they hope will be
their last and winning attack on
Madrid. Tanks were massed for the
determined push, while the big guns
opened fire behind them with 200-
pound shells. At last reports the
rebels had invaded University City,
just, outside Madrid proper.
President Roosevelt leaves tonight
on a South American trip, planning
to attend the opening of the Inter-
American Peace Conference set for
Buenos Aires December 1. Yesterday
the Pilot told Washington newsmen
that lie considered world peace more
important than the maritime strike
extant in various parts of the coun
try, and that he hoped ship owners
and employees striking world recog
nize that fact and come to an agree
ment.
Meanwhile, three San Francisco
unions met with Thomas CI. Plant,
chairman of the owners' Coast com
mittee yesterday in negotiations that
may lead to resumption of working
agreements. It was the first time in
weeks that the opposing factions had
participated in a mutual gathering.
Hacked up for« while by a Loyal
ist defense that was stronger than
anybody anticipated, the Spanish
Rebels started a concerted drive yes
terday in what they hope will be
their last and winning attack on
Madrid. Tanks were massed for the
determined push, while the big guns
opened fire behind them with 200-
pound shells. At last reports the
rebels had invaded University City,
just, outside Madrid proper.
President Roosevelt leaves tonight
on a South American trip, planning
to attend the opening of the Inter-
American Peace Conference set for
Buenos Aires December 1. Yesterday
the Pilot told Washington newsmen
that lie considered world peace more
important than the maritime strike
extant in various parts of the coun
try, and that he hoped ship owners
and employees striking world recog
nize that fact and come to an agree
ment.
Meanwhile, three San Francisco
unions met with Thomas CI. Plant,
chairman of the owners' Coast com
mittee yesterday in negotiations that
may lead to resumption of working
agreements. It was the first time in
weeks that the opposing factions had
participated in a mutual gathering.
Hacked up for« while by a Loyal
ist defense that was stronger than
anybody anticipated, the Spanish
Rebels started a concerted drive yes
terday in what they hope will be
their last and winning attack on
Madrid. Tanks were massed for the
determined push, while the big guns
opened fire behind them with 200-
pound shells. At last reports the
rebels had invaded University City,
just, outside Madrid proper.
President Roosevelt leaves tonight
on a South American trip, planning
to attend the opening of the Inter-
American Peace Conference set for
Buenos Aires December 1. Yesterday
the Pilot told Washington newsmen
that lie considered world peace more
important than the maritime strike
extant in various parts of the coun
try, and that he hoped ship owners
and employees striking world recog
nize that fact and come to an agree
ment.
Meanwhile, three San Francisco
unions met with Thomas CI. Plant,
chairman of the owners' Coast com
mittee yesterday in negotiations that
may lead to resumption of working
agreements. It was the first time in
weeks that the opposing factions had
participated in a mutual gathering.
Hacked up for« while by a Loyal
ist defense that was stronger than
anybody anticipated, the Spanish
Rebels started a concerted drive yes
terday in what they hope will be
their last and winning attack on
Madrid. Tanks were massed for the
determined push, while the big guns
opened fire behind them with 200-
pound shells. At last reports the
rebels had invaded University City,
just, outside Madrid proper.
President Roosevelt leaves tonight
on a South American trip, planning
to attend the opening of the Inter-
American Peace Conference set for
Buenos Aires December 1. Yesterday
the Pilot told Washington newsmen
that lie considered world peace more
important than the maritime strike
extant in various parts of the coun
try, and that he hoped ship owners
and employees striking world recog
nize that fact and come to an agree
ment.
Meanwhile, three San Francisco
unions met with Thomas CI. Plant,
chairman of the owners' Coast com
mittee yesterday in negotiations that
may lead to resumption of working
agreements. It was the first time in
weeks that the opposing factions had
participated in a mutual gathering.
Hacked up for« while by a Loyal
ist defense that was stronger than
anybody anticipated, the Spanish
Rebels started a concerted drive yes
terday in what they hope will be
their last and winning attack on
Madrid. Tanks were massed for the
determined push, while the big guns
opened fire behind them with 200-
pound shells. At last reports the
rebels had invaded University City,
just, outside Madrid proper.
President Roosevelt leaves tonight
on a South American trip, planning
to attend the opening of the Inter-
American Peace Conference set for
Buenos Aires December 1. Yesterday
the Pilot told Washington newsmen
that lie considered world peace more
important than the maritime strike
extant in various parts of the coun
try, and that he hoped ship owners
and employees striking world recog
nize that fact and come to an agree
ment.
Meanwhile, three San Francisco
unions met with Thomas CI. Plant,
chairman of the owners' Coast com
mittee yesterday in negotiations that
may lead to resumption of working
agreements. It was the first time in
weeks that the opposing factions had
participated in a mutual gathering.
Hacked up for« while by a Loyal
ist defense that was stronger than
anybody anticipated, the Spanish
Rebels started a concerted drive yes
terday in what they hope will be
their last and winning attack on
Madrid. Tanks were massed for the
determined push, while the big guns
opened fire behind them with 200-
pound shells. At last reports the
rebels had invaded University City,
just, outside Madrid proper.
President Roosevelt leaves tonight
on a South American trip, planning
to attend the opening of the Inter-
American Peace Conference set for
Buenos Aires December 1. Yesterday
the Pilot told Washington newsmen
that lie considered world peace more
important than the maritime strike
extant in various parts of the coun
try, and that he hoped ship owners
and employees striking world recog
nize that fact and come to an agree
ment.
Meanwhile, three San Francisco
unions met with Thomas CI. Plant,
chairman of the owners' Coast com
mittee yesterday in negotiations that
may lead to resumption of working
agreements. It was the first time in
weeks that the opposing factions had
participated in a mutual gathering.
Hacked up for« while by a Loyal
ist defense that was stronger than
anybody anticipated, the Spanish
Rebels started a concerted drive yes
terday in what they hope will be
their last and winning attack on
Madrid. Tanks were massed for the
determined push, while the big guns
opened fire behind them with 200-
pound shells. At last reports the
rebels had invaded University City,
just, outside Madrid proper.
