# Will Cal's Big 'C' Be Red Today?
## 
### 
About 80 hardy freshmen left
the campus at 11 o'clock last
night, under the leadership of
Dick Ellis, Bill Dohle, and Bob
Roos, to trek to Cal, for the
purpose of giving the "Big C" a
coat of cardinal red paint.
Contributions of 30 cents
apiece were received from fi2
valiant youths to buy three gal
lons of paint at $10. About 15
cars were obtained to transport
the boys to the Cal campus.
They will hike to Grizzly Peak,
from which they will descend to
the "Big C."
The bonfire was set ablaze
last night, but immediately
stamped out by the bonfire
committee and assistants. Jeeb
Ilalaby received an alarm ear
lier in the evening, when an
unidentified woman called the
Encina watchman to tell of Cal
students on their way to ignite
the bonfire.
