# Whooping Cards Torment S.F. Bay Bridge Cop
## 
### 
Airplanes, banners, parades, and
drums — drums-a-blarin', lights-a
flarin', but it took only two Stanford
boys i na 1931 Pierce Arrow phaeton
to stop the whole shibang of the San
Francisco Bay Bridge celebration,
early last Saturday morning.
Bill Carter and Fred Nantker, both
of '39, one driving and the other try
ing to imitate an Indian war whoop,
caused consternation amidst a half
million autos when theirs was the
first car to have a flat tire on the
new bridge. It happened when Bill,
who is leaving Stanford temporarily
because of poor eyesight, didn't see
four new white buttons that rose up
out of the road and struck his tires.
Soon the tire was changed but the
motor developed a dead battery. A
raving cop just couldn't stand it any
longer so he pushed the phaeton off
the driving lane. At which the motor
hiccoughed and doffing their hats
Bill and Fred left the flabbergasted
officer.
Airplanes, banners, parades, and
drums — drums-a-blarin', lights-a
flarin', but it took only two Stanford
boys i na 1931 Pierce Arrow phaeton
to stop the whole shibang of the San
Francisco Bay Bridge celebration,
early last Saturday morning.
Bill Carter and Fred Nantker, both
of '39, one driving and the other try
ing to imitate an Indian war whoop,
caused consternation amidst a half
million autos when theirs was the
first car to have a flat tire on the
new bridge. It happened when Bill,
who is leaving Stanford temporarily
because of poor eyesight, didn't see
four new white buttons that rose up
out of the road and struck his tires.
Soon the tire was changed but the
motor developed a dead battery. A
raving cop just couldn't stand it any
longer so he pushed the phaeton off
the driving lane. At which the motor
hiccoughed and doffing their hats
Bill and Fred left the flabbergasted
officer.
Airplanes, banners, parades, and
drums — drums-a-blarin', lights-a
flarin', but it took only two Stanford
boys i na 1931 Pierce Arrow phaeton
to stop the whole shibang of the San
Francisco Bay Bridge celebration,
early last Saturday morning.
Bill Carter and Fred Nantker, both
of '39, one driving and the other try
ing to imitate an Indian war whoop,
caused consternation amidst a half
million autos when theirs was the
first car to have a flat tire on the
new bridge. It happened when Bill,
who is leaving Stanford temporarily
because of poor eyesight, didn't see
four new white buttons that rose up
out of the road and struck his tires.
Soon the tire was changed but the
motor developed a dead battery. A
raving cop just couldn't stand it any
longer so he pushed the phaeton off
the driving lane. At which the motor
hiccoughed and doffing their hats
Bill and Fred left the flabbergasted
officer.
Airplanes, banners, parades, and
drums — drums-a-blarin', lights-a
flarin', but it took only two Stanford
boys i na 1931 Pierce Arrow phaeton
to stop the whole shibang of the San
Francisco Bay Bridge celebration,
early last Saturday morning.
Bill Carter and Fred Nantker, both
of '39, one driving and the other try
ing to imitate an Indian war whoop,
caused consternation amidst a half
million autos when theirs was the
first car to have a flat tire on the
new bridge. It happened when Bill,
who is leaving Stanford temporarily
because of poor eyesight, didn't see
four new white buttons that rose up
out of the road and struck his tires.
Soon the tire was changed but the
motor developed a dead battery. A
raving cop just couldn't stand it any
longer so he pushed the phaeton off
the driving lane. At which the motor
hiccoughed and doffing their hats
Bill and Fred left the flabbergasted
officer.
Airplanes, banners, parades, and
drums — drums-a-blarin', lights-a
flarin', but it took only two Stanford
boys i na 1931 Pierce Arrow phaeton
to stop the whole shibang of the San
Francisco Bay Bridge celebration,
early last Saturday morning.
Bill Carter and Fred Nantker, both
of '39, one driving and the other try
ing to imitate an Indian war whoop,
caused consternation amidst a half
million autos when theirs was the
first car to have a flat tire on the
new bridge. It happened when Bill,
who is leaving Stanford temporarily
because of poor eyesight, didn't see
four new white buttons that rose up
out of the road and struck his tires.
Soon the tire was changed but the
motor developed a dead battery. A
raving cop just couldn't stand it any
longer so he pushed the phaeton off
the driving lane. At which the motor
hiccoughed and doffing their hats
Bill and Fred left the flabbergasted
officer.
Airplanes, banners, parades, and
drums — drums-a-blarin', lights-a
flarin', but it took only two Stanford
boys i na 1931 Pierce Arrow phaeton
to stop the whole shibang of the San
Francisco Bay Bridge celebration,
early last Saturday morning.
Bill Carter and Fred Nantker, both
of '39, one driving and the other try
ing to imitate an Indian war whoop,
caused consternation amidst a half
million autos when theirs was the
first car to have a flat tire on the
new bridge. It happened when Bill,
who is leaving Stanford temporarily
because of poor eyesight, didn't see
four new white buttons that rose up
out of the road and struck his tires.
Soon the tire was changed but the
motor developed a dead battery. A
raving cop just couldn't stand it any
longer so he pushed the phaeton off
the driving lane. At which the motor
hiccoughed and doffing their hats
Bill and Fred left the flabbergasted
officer.
Airplanes, banners, parades, and
drums — drums-a-blarin', lights-a
flarin', but it took only two Stanford
boys i na 1931 Pierce Arrow phaeton
to stop the whole shibang of the San
Francisco Bay Bridge celebration,
early last Saturday morning.
Bill Carter and Fred Nantker, both
of '39, one driving and the other try
ing to imitate an Indian war whoop,
caused consternation amidst a half
million autos when theirs was the
first car to have a flat tire on the
new bridge. It happened when Bill,
who is leaving Stanford temporarily
because of poor eyesight, didn't see
four new white buttons that rose up
out of the road and struck his tires.
Soon the tire was changed but the
motor developed a dead battery. A
raving cop just couldn't stand it any
longer so he pushed the phaeton off
the driving lane. At which the motor
hiccoughed and doffing their hats
Bill and Fred left the flabbergasted
officer.
Airplanes, banners, parades, and
drums — drums-a-blarin', lights-a
flarin', but it took only two Stanford
boys i na 1931 Pierce Arrow phaeton
to stop the whole shibang of the San
Francisco Bay Bridge celebration,
early last Saturday morning.
Bill Carter and Fred Nantker, both
of '39, one driving and the other try
ing to imitate an Indian war whoop,
caused consternation amidst a half
million autos when theirs was the
first car to have a flat tire on the
new bridge. It happened when Bill,
who is leaving Stanford temporarily
because of poor eyesight, didn't see
four new white buttons that rose up
out of the road and struck his tires.
Soon the tire was changed but the
motor developed a dead battery. A
raving cop just couldn't stand it any
longer so he pushed the phaeton off
the driving lane. At which the motor
hiccoughed and doffing their hats
Bill and Fred left the flabbergasted
officer.
Airplanes, banners, parades, and
drums — drums-a-blarin', lights-a
flarin', but it took only two Stanford
boys i na 1931 Pierce Arrow phaeton
to stop the whole shibang of the San
Francisco Bay Bridge celebration,
early last Saturday morning.
Bill Carter and Fred Nantker, both
of '39, one driving and the other try
ing to imitate an Indian war whoop,
caused consternation amidst a half
million autos when theirs was the
first car to have a flat tire on the
new bridge. It happened when Bill,
who is leaving Stanford temporarily
because of poor eyesight, didn't see
four new white buttons that rose up
out of the road and struck his tires.
Soon the tire was changed but the
motor developed a dead battery. A
raving cop just couldn't stand it any
longer so he pushed the phaeton off
the driving lane. At which the motor
hiccoughed and doffing their hats
Bill and Fred left the flabbergasted
officer.
Airplanes, banners, parades, and
drums — drums-a-blarin', lights-a
flarin', but it took only two Stanford
boys i na 1931 Pierce Arrow phaeton
to stop the whole shibang of the San
Francisco Bay Bridge celebration,
early last Saturday morning.
Bill Carter and Fred Nantker, both
of '39, one driving and the other try
ing to imitate an Indian war whoop,
caused consternation amidst a half
million autos when theirs was the
first car to have a flat tire on the
new bridge. It happened when Bill,
who is leaving Stanford temporarily
because of poor eyesight, didn't see
four new white buttons that rose up
out of the road and struck his tires.
Soon the tire was changed but the
motor developed a dead battery. A
raving cop just couldn't stand it any
longer so he pushed the phaeton off
the driving lane. At which the motor
hiccoughed and doffing their hats
Bill and Fred left the flabbergasted
officer.
Airplanes, banners, parades, and
drums — drums-a-blarin', lights-a
flarin', but it took only two Stanford
boys i na 1931 Pierce Arrow phaeton
to stop the whole shibang of the San
Francisco Bay Bridge celebration,
early last Saturday morning.
Bill Carter and Fred Nantker, both
of '39, one driving and the other try
ing to imitate an Indian war whoop,
caused consternation amidst a half
million autos when theirs was the
first car to have a flat tire on the
new bridge. It happened when Bill,
who is leaving Stanford temporarily
because of poor eyesight, didn't see
four new white buttons that rose up
out of the road and struck his tires.
Soon the tire was changed but the
motor developed a dead battery. A
raving cop just couldn't stand it any
longer so he pushed the phaeton off
the driving lane. At which the motor
hiccoughed and doffing their hats
Bill and Fred left the flabbergasted
officer.
Airplanes, banners, parades, and
drums — drums-a-blarin', lights-a
flarin', but it took only two Stanford
boys i na 1931 Pierce Arrow phaeton
to stop the whole shibang of the San
Francisco Bay Bridge celebration,
early last Saturday morning.
Bill Carter and Fred Nantker, both
of '39, one driving and the other try
ing to imitate an Indian war whoop,
caused consternation amidst a half
million autos when theirs was the
first car to have a flat tire on the
new bridge. It happened when Bill,
who is leaving Stanford temporarily
because of poor eyesight, didn't see
four new white buttons that rose up
out of the road and struck his tires.
Soon the tire was changed but the
motor developed a dead battery. A
raving cop just couldn't stand it any
longer so he pushed the phaeton off
the driving lane. At which the motor
hiccoughed and doffing their hats
Bill and Fred left the flabbergasted
officer.
Airplanes, banners, parades, and
drums — drums-a-blarin', lights-a
flarin', but it took only two Stanford
boys i na 1931 Pierce Arrow phaeton
to stop the whole shibang of the San
Francisco Bay Bridge celebration,
early last Saturday morning.
Bill Carter and Fred Nantker, both
of '39, one driving and the other try
ing to imitate an Indian war whoop,
caused consternation amidst a half
million autos when theirs was the
first car to have a flat tire on the
new bridge. It happened when Bill,
who is leaving Stanford temporarily
because of poor eyesight, didn't see
four new white buttons that rose up
out of the road and struck his tires.
Soon the tire was changed but the
motor developed a dead battery. A
raving cop just couldn't stand it any
longer so he pushed the phaeton off
the driving lane. At which the motor
hiccoughed and doffing their hats
Bill and Fred left the flabbergasted
officer.
Airplanes, banners, parades, and
drums — drums-a-blarin', lights-a
flarin', but it took only two Stanford
boys i na 1931 Pierce Arrow phaeton
to stop the whole shibang of the San
Francisco Bay Bridge celebration,
early last Saturday morning.
Bill Carter and Fred Nantker, both
of '39, one driving and the other try
ing to imitate an Indian war whoop,
caused consternation amidst a half
million autos when theirs was the
first car to have a flat tire on the
new bridge. It happened when Bill,
who is leaving Stanford temporarily
because of poor eyesight, didn't see
four new white buttons that rose up
out of the road and struck his tires.
Soon the tire was changed but the
motor developed a dead battery. A
raving cop just couldn't stand it any
longer so he pushed the phaeton off
the driving lane. At which the motor
hiccoughed and doffing their hats
Bill and Fred left the flabbergasted
officer.
Airplanes, banners, parades, and
drums — drums-a-blarin', lights-a
flarin', but it took only two Stanford
boys i na 1931 Pierce Arrow phaeton
to stop the whole shibang of the San
Francisco Bay Bridge celebration,
early last Saturday morning.
Bill Carter and Fred Nantker, both
of '39, one driving and the other try
ing to imitate an Indian war whoop,
caused consternation amidst a half
million autos when theirs was the
first car to have a flat tire on the
new bridge. It happened when Bill,
who is leaving Stanford temporarily
because of poor eyesight, didn't see
four new white buttons that rose up
out of the road and struck his tires.
Soon the tire was changed but the
motor developed a dead battery. A
raving cop just couldn't stand it any
longer so he pushed the phaeton off
the driving lane. At which the motor
hiccoughed and doffing their hats
Bill and Fred left the flabbergasted
officer.
Airplanes, banners, parades, and
drums — drums-a-blarin', lights-a
flarin', but it took only two Stanford
boys i na 1931 Pierce Arrow phaeton
to stop the whole shibang of the San
Francisco Bay Bridge celebration,
early last Saturday morning.
Bill Carter and Fred Nantker, both
of '39, one driving and the other try
ing to imitate an Indian war whoop,
caused consternation amidst a half
million autos when theirs was the
first car to have a flat tire on the
new bridge. It happened when Bill,
who is leaving Stanford temporarily
because of poor eyesight, didn't see
four new white buttons that rose up
out of the road and struck his tires.
Soon the tire was changed but the
motor developed a dead battery. A
raving cop just couldn't stand it any
longer so he pushed the phaeton off
the driving lane. At which the motor
hiccoughed and doffing their hats
Bill and Fred left the flabbergasted
officer.
