# Untitled Article
## 
### 

METAPHYSICS PLUS — John Wisdom, professor at Cambridge
University, last night discussed the pros and cons of metaphysics
in a highly technical talk at the Tuesday Evening Series in Memo
rial Auditorium.
—Daily Photlo by Dave Evans

METAPHYSICS PLUS — John Wisdom, professor at Cambridge
University, last night discussed the pros and cons of metaphysics
in a highly technical talk at the Tuesday Evening Series in Memo
rial Auditorium.
—Daily Photlo by Dave Evans

METAPHYSICS PLUS — John Wisdom, professor at Cambridge
University, last night discussed the pros and cons of metaphysics
in a highly technical talk at the Tuesday Evening Series in Memo
rial Auditorium.
—Daily Photlo by Dave Evans

METAPHYSICS PLUS — John Wisdom, professor at Cambridge
University, last night discussed the pros and cons of metaphysics
in a highly technical talk at the Tuesday Evening Series in Memo
rial Auditorium.
—Daily Photlo by Dave Evans

METAPHYSICS PLUS — John Wisdom, professor at Cambridge
University, last night discussed the pros and cons of metaphysics
in a highly technical talk at the Tuesday Evening Series in Memo
rial Auditorium.
—Daily Photlo by Dave Evans

METAPHYSICS PLUS — John Wisdom, professor at Cambridge
University, last night discussed the pros and cons of metaphysics
in a highly technical talk at the Tuesday Evening Series in Memo
rial Auditorium.
—Daily Photlo by Dave Evans

METAPHYSICS PLUS — John Wisdom, professor at Cambridge
University, last night discussed the pros and cons of metaphysics
in a highly technical talk at the Tuesday Evening Series in Memo
rial Auditorium.
—Daily Photlo by Dave Evans

METAPHYSICS PLUS — John Wisdom, professor at Cambridge
University, last night discussed the pros and cons of metaphysics
in a highly technical talk at the Tuesday Evening Series in Memo
rial Auditorium.
—Daily Photlo by Dave Evans

METAPHYSICS PLUS — John Wisdom, professor at Cambridge
University, last night discussed the pros and cons of metaphysics
in a highly technical talk at the Tuesday Evening Series in Memo
rial Auditorium.
—Daily Photlo by Dave Evans

METAPHYSICS PLUS — John Wisdom, professor at Cambridge
University, last night discussed the pros and cons of metaphysics
in a highly technical talk at the Tuesday Evening Series in Memo
rial Auditorium.
—Daily Photlo by Dave Evans

METAPHYSICS PLUS — John Wisdom, professor at Cambridge
University, last night discussed the pros and cons of metaphysics
in a highly technical talk at the Tuesday Evening Series in Memo
rial Auditorium.
—Daily Photlo by Dave Evans

METAPHYSICS PLUS — John Wisdom, professor at Cambridge
University, last night discussed the pros and cons of metaphysics
in a highly technical talk at the Tuesday Evening Series in Memo
rial Auditorium.
—Daily Photlo by Dave Evans

METAPHYSICS PLUS — John Wisdom, professor at Cambridge
University, last night discussed the pros and cons of metaphysics
in a highly technical talk at the Tuesday Evening Series in Memo
rial Auditorium.
—Daily Photlo by Dave Evans

METAPHYSICS PLUS — John Wisdom, professor at Cambridge
University, last night discussed the pros and cons of metaphysics
in a highly technical talk at the Tuesday Evening Series in Memo
rial Auditorium.
—Daily Photlo by Dave Evans

METAPHYSICS PLUS — John Wisdom, professor at Cambridge
University, last night discussed the pros and cons of metaphysics
in a highly technical talk at the Tuesday Evening Series in Memo
rial Auditorium.
—Daily Photlo by Dave Evans

METAPHYSICS PLUS — John Wisdom, professor at Cambridge
University, last night discussed the pros and cons of metaphysics
in a highly technical talk at the Tuesday Evening Series in Memo
rial Auditorium.
—Daily Photlo by Dave Evans
