# Students Cast Final Ballots
## 
### 
Balloting for the officers of the
Class of '61 and some ASSU posi
tions will end today at 2:30 p.m.
Polls wi.' be open from 8:30 to
noon and from 1:30 to 2:30 p.tri
al Kngincering Corner. A special
booth for law and business school
students will be located in front
of the Quad from 8:30 till noon.
Totals will be announced at Hie
Legislature meeting tonight at 7
p.m. in tho ASSU excom room.
Results will also be printed in to
morrow's Daily.
Candidates for I Ik; officers of
Ihe Class of 1901 are George
rriond and Lee Gentry, president;
Marilyn ffoth and Tina Itodi, vice
president: and Richard Guggen
liime and Hubert Mattcson, busi
ness manager.
