# Auto Engineers Set Navy Talk
## 
### 
Tho Society of Automotive Ku
gineers lias issued an invitatioi
to all interested engineering stu
dents to attend its meeting to
morrow night at the Old Planta
tion restaurant in Los Altos.
The 8 o'clock meeting will fea
ture a talk by Rear Admiral \Y. L
Tagg, USN i Ret.). Admiral Tags
will discuss the Navy today anc
its future scientific development
Tho Society of Automotive Ku
gineers lias issued an invitatioi
to all interested engineering stu
dents to attend its meeting to
morrow night at the Old Planta
tion restaurant in Los Altos.
The 8 o'clock meeting will fea
ture a talk by Rear Admiral \Y. L
Tagg, USN i Ret.). Admiral Tags
will discuss the Navy today anc
its future scientific development
Tho Society of Automotive Ku
gineers lias issued an invitatioi
to all interested engineering stu
dents to attend its meeting to
morrow night at the Old Planta
tion restaurant in Los Altos.
The 8 o'clock meeting will fea
ture a talk by Rear Admiral \Y. L
Tagg, USN i Ret.). Admiral Tags
will discuss the Navy today anc
its future scientific development
Tho Society of Automotive Ku
gineers lias issued an invitatioi
to all interested engineering stu
dents to attend its meeting to
morrow night at the Old Planta
tion restaurant in Los Altos.
The 8 o'clock meeting will fea
ture a talk by Rear Admiral \Y. L
Tagg, USN i Ret.). Admiral Tags
will discuss the Navy today anc
its future scientific development
Tho Society of Automotive Ku
gineers lias issued an invitatioi
to all interested engineering stu
dents to attend its meeting to
morrow night at the Old Planta
tion restaurant in Los Altos.
The 8 o'clock meeting will fea
ture a talk by Rear Admiral \Y. L
Tagg, USN i Ret.). Admiral Tags
will discuss the Navy today anc
its future scientific development
Tho Society of Automotive Ku
gineers lias issued an invitatioi
to all interested engineering stu
dents to attend its meeting to
morrow night at the Old Planta
tion restaurant in Los Altos.
The 8 o'clock meeting will fea
ture a talk by Rear Admiral \Y. L
Tagg, USN i Ret.). Admiral Tags
will discuss the Navy today anc
its future scientific development
Tho Society of Automotive Ku
gineers lias issued an invitatioi
to all interested engineering stu
dents to attend its meeting to
morrow night at the Old Planta
tion restaurant in Los Altos.
The 8 o'clock meeting will fea
ture a talk by Rear Admiral \Y. L
Tagg, USN i Ret.). Admiral Tags
will discuss the Navy today anc
its future scientific development
Tho Society of Automotive Ku
gineers lias issued an invitatioi
to all interested engineering stu
dents to attend its meeting to
morrow night at the Old Planta
tion restaurant in Los Altos.
The 8 o'clock meeting will fea
ture a talk by Rear Admiral \Y. L
Tagg, USN i Ret.). Admiral Tags
will discuss the Navy today anc
its future scientific development
Tho Society of Automotive Ku
gineers lias issued an invitatioi
to all interested engineering stu
dents to attend its meeting to
morrow night at the Old Planta
tion restaurant in Los Altos.
The 8 o'clock meeting will fea
ture a talk by Rear Admiral \Y. L
Tagg, USN i Ret.). Admiral Tags
will discuss the Navy today anc
its future scientific development
Tho Society of Automotive Ku
gineers lias issued an invitatioi
to all interested engineering stu
dents to attend its meeting to
morrow night at the Old Planta
tion restaurant in Los Altos.
The 8 o'clock meeting will fea
ture a talk by Rear Admiral \Y. L
Tagg, USN i Ret.). Admiral Tags
will discuss the Navy today anc
its future scientific development
Tho Society of Automotive Ku
gineers lias issued an invitatioi
to all interested engineering stu
dents to attend its meeting to
morrow night at the Old Planta
tion restaurant in Los Altos.
The 8 o'clock meeting will fea
ture a talk by Rear Admiral \Y. L
Tagg, USN i Ret.). Admiral Tags
will discuss the Navy today anc
its future scientific development
Tho Society of Automotive Ku
gineers lias issued an invitatioi
to all interested engineering stu
dents to attend its meeting to
morrow night at the Old Planta
tion restaurant in Los Altos.
The 8 o'clock meeting will fea
ture a talk by Rear Admiral \Y. L
Tagg, USN i Ret.). Admiral Tags
will discuss the Navy today anc
its future scientific development
Tho Society of Automotive Ku
gineers lias issued an invitatioi
to all interested engineering stu
dents to attend its meeting to
morrow night at the Old Planta
tion restaurant in Los Altos.
The 8 o'clock meeting will fea
ture a talk by Rear Admiral \Y. L
Tagg, USN i Ret.). Admiral Tags
will discuss the Navy today anc
its future scientific development
Tho Society of Automotive Ku
gineers lias issued an invitatioi
to all interested engineering stu
dents to attend its meeting to
morrow night at the Old Planta
tion restaurant in Los Altos.
The 8 o'clock meeting will fea
ture a talk by Rear Admiral \Y. L
Tagg, USN i Ret.). Admiral Tags
will discuss the Navy today anc
its future scientific development
Tho Society of Automotive Ku
gineers lias issued an invitatioi
to all interested engineering stu
dents to attend its meeting to
morrow night at the Old Planta
tion restaurant in Los Altos.
The 8 o'clock meeting will fea
ture a talk by Rear Admiral \Y. L
Tagg, USN i Ret.). Admiral Tags
will discuss the Navy today anc
its future scientific development
Tho Society of Automotive Ku
gineers lias issued an invitatioi
to all interested engineering stu
dents to attend its meeting to
morrow night at the Old Planta
tion restaurant in Los Altos.
The 8 o'clock meeting will fea
ture a talk by Rear Admiral \Y. L
Tagg, USN i Ret.). Admiral Tags
will discuss the Navy today anc
its future scientific development
