# Collect Toys Tomorrow
## 
### 
Give a toy to a tot—that is what
Julie Pettit, chairman of Toys for
the Con Home Drive, asks of every
Farm student tomorrow.
These toys will be given to the
small boys and girls who have to
stay in bed at the Stanford Con
Home. Thus they must be small,
non-breakable, and in good condi
tion.
Trucks will come to each living
group tomorrow morning to take
these toys to the Con Home. The
children's old toys will be painted
during Lahor Day tomorrow after
noon.
Give a toy to a tot—that is what
Julie Pettit, chairman of Toys for
the Con Home Drive, asks of every
Farm student tomorrow.
These toys will be given to the
small boys and girls who have to
stay in bed at the Stanford Con
Home. Thus they must be small,
non-breakable, and in good condi
tion.
Trucks will come to each living
group tomorrow morning to take
these toys to the Con Home. The
children's old toys will be painted
during Lahor Day tomorrow after
noon.
Give a toy to a tot—that is what
Julie Pettit, chairman of Toys for
the Con Home Drive, asks of every
Farm student tomorrow.
These toys will be given to the
small boys and girls who have to
stay in bed at the Stanford Con
Home. Thus they must be small,
non-breakable, and in good condi
tion.
Trucks will come to each living
group tomorrow morning to take
these toys to the Con Home. The
children's old toys will be painted
during Lahor Day tomorrow after
noon.
Give a toy to a tot—that is what
Julie Pettit, chairman of Toys for
the Con Home Drive, asks of every
Farm student tomorrow.
These toys will be given to the
small boys and girls who have to
stay in bed at the Stanford Con
Home. Thus they must be small,
non-breakable, and in good condi
tion.
Trucks will come to each living
group tomorrow morning to take
these toys to the Con Home. The
children's old toys will be painted
during Lahor Day tomorrow after
noon.
Give a toy to a tot—that is what
Julie Pettit, chairman of Toys for
the Con Home Drive, asks of every
Farm student tomorrow.
These toys will be given to the
small boys and girls who have to
stay in bed at the Stanford Con
Home. Thus they must be small,
non-breakable, and in good condi
tion.
Trucks will come to each living
group tomorrow morning to take
these toys to the Con Home. The
children's old toys will be painted
during Lahor Day tomorrow after
noon.
Give a toy to a tot—that is what
Julie Pettit, chairman of Toys for
the Con Home Drive, asks of every
Farm student tomorrow.
These toys will be given to the
small boys and girls who have to
stay in bed at the Stanford Con
Home. Thus they must be small,
non-breakable, and in good condi
tion.
Trucks will come to each living
group tomorrow morning to take
these toys to the Con Home. The
children's old toys will be painted
during Lahor Day tomorrow after
noon.
Give a toy to a tot—that is what
Julie Pettit, chairman of Toys for
the Con Home Drive, asks of every
Farm student tomorrow.
These toys will be given to the
small boys and girls who have to
stay in bed at the Stanford Con
Home. Thus they must be small,
non-breakable, and in good condi
tion.
Trucks will come to each living
group tomorrow morning to take
these toys to the Con Home. The
children's old toys will be painted
during Lahor Day tomorrow after
noon.
Give a toy to a tot—that is what
Julie Pettit, chairman of Toys for
the Con Home Drive, asks of every
Farm student tomorrow.
These toys will be given to the
small boys and girls who have to
stay in bed at the Stanford Con
Home. Thus they must be small,
non-breakable, and in good condi
tion.
Trucks will come to each living
group tomorrow morning to take
these toys to the Con Home. The
children's old toys will be painted
during Lahor Day tomorrow after
noon.
Give a toy to a tot—that is what
Julie Pettit, chairman of Toys for
the Con Home Drive, asks of every
Farm student tomorrow.
These toys will be given to the
small boys and girls who have to
stay in bed at the Stanford Con
Home. Thus they must be small,
non-breakable, and in good condi
tion.
Trucks will come to each living
group tomorrow morning to take
these toys to the Con Home. The
children's old toys will be painted
during Lahor Day tomorrow after
noon.
Give a toy to a tot—that is what
Julie Pettit, chairman of Toys for
the Con Home Drive, asks of every
Farm student tomorrow.
These toys will be given to the
small boys and girls who have to
stay in bed at the Stanford Con
Home. Thus they must be small,
non-breakable, and in good condi
tion.
Trucks will come to each living
group tomorrow morning to take
these toys to the Con Home. The
children's old toys will be painted
during Lahor Day tomorrow after
noon.
Give a toy to a tot—that is what
Julie Pettit, chairman of Toys for
the Con Home Drive, asks of every
Farm student tomorrow.
These toys will be given to the
small boys and girls who have to
stay in bed at the Stanford Con
Home. Thus they must be small,
non-breakable, and in good condi
tion.
Trucks will come to each living
group tomorrow morning to take
these toys to the Con Home. The
children's old toys will be painted
during Lahor Day tomorrow after
noon.
Give a toy to a tot—that is what
Julie Pettit, chairman of Toys for
the Con Home Drive, asks of every
Farm student tomorrow.
These toys will be given to the
small boys and girls who have to
stay in bed at the Stanford Con
Home. Thus they must be small,
non-breakable, and in good condi
tion.
Trucks will come to each living
group tomorrow morning to take
these toys to the Con Home. The
children's old toys will be painted
during Lahor Day tomorrow after
noon.
Give a toy to a tot—that is what
Julie Pettit, chairman of Toys for
the Con Home Drive, asks of every
Farm student tomorrow.
These toys will be given to the
small boys and girls who have to
stay in bed at the Stanford Con
Home. Thus they must be small,
non-breakable, and in good condi
tion.
Trucks will come to each living
group tomorrow morning to take
these toys to the Con Home. The
children's old toys will be painted
during Lahor Day tomorrow after
noon.
Give a toy to a tot—that is what
Julie Pettit, chairman of Toys for
the Con Home Drive, asks of every
Farm student tomorrow.
These toys will be given to the
small boys and girls who have to
stay in bed at the Stanford Con
Home. Thus they must be small,
non-breakable, and in good condi
tion.
Trucks will come to each living
group tomorrow morning to take
these toys to the Con Home. The
children's old toys will be painted
during Lahor Day tomorrow after
noon.
