# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jared Fitch to Ray
mond McHugh, '50, ol Village 314.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jared Fitch to Ray
mond McHugh, '50, ol Village 314.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jared Fitch to Ray
mond McHugh, '50, ol Village 314.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jared Fitch to Ray
mond McHugh, '50, ol Village 314.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jared Fitch to Ray
mond McHugh, '50, ol Village 314.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jared Fitch to Ray
mond McHugh, '50, ol Village 314.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jared Fitch to Ray
mond McHugh, '50, ol Village 314.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jared Fitch to Ray
mond McHugh, '50, ol Village 314.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jared Fitch to Ray
mond McHugh, '50, ol Village 314.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jared Fitch to Ray
mond McHugh, '50, ol Village 314.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jared Fitch to Ray
mond McHugh, '50, ol Village 314.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jared Fitch to Ray
mond McHugh, '50, ol Village 314.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jared Fitch to Ray
mond McHugh, '50, ol Village 314.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jared Fitch to Ray
mond McHugh, '50, ol Village 314.
