# Untitled Article
## 
### 

BILL LARSEN will lead the pole vaulters when the Indian trackmen
meet Sail Jose State this Saturday. Bill cleared II! feet last year
and shows promise of improving that mark this year.

BILL LARSEN will lead the pole vaulters when the Indian trackmen
meet Sail Jose State this Saturday. Bill cleared II! feet last year
and shows promise of improving that mark this year.

BILL LARSEN will lead the pole vaulters when the Indian trackmen
meet Sail Jose State this Saturday. Bill cleared II! feet last year
and shows promise of improving that mark this year.

BILL LARSEN will lead the pole vaulters when the Indian trackmen
meet Sail Jose State this Saturday. Bill cleared II! feet last year
and shows promise of improving that mark this year.

BILL LARSEN will lead the pole vaulters when the Indian trackmen
meet Sail Jose State this Saturday. Bill cleared II! feet last year
and shows promise of improving that mark this year.

BILL LARSEN will lead the pole vaulters when the Indian trackmen
meet Sail Jose State this Saturday. Bill cleared II! feet last year
and shows promise of improving that mark this year.

BILL LARSEN will lead the pole vaulters when the Indian trackmen
meet Sail Jose State this Saturday. Bill cleared II! feet last year
and shows promise of improving that mark this year.

BILL LARSEN will lead the pole vaulters when the Indian trackmen
meet Sail Jose State this Saturday. Bill cleared II! feet last year
and shows promise of improving that mark this year.

BILL LARSEN will lead the pole vaulters when the Indian trackmen
meet Sail Jose State this Saturday. Bill cleared II! feet last year
and shows promise of improving that mark this year.

BILL LARSEN will lead the pole vaulters when the Indian trackmen
meet Sail Jose State this Saturday. Bill cleared II! feet last year
and shows promise of improving that mark this year.

BILL LARSEN will lead the pole vaulters when the Indian trackmen
meet Sail Jose State this Saturday. Bill cleared II! feet last year
and shows promise of improving that mark this year.

BILL LARSEN will lead the pole vaulters when the Indian trackmen
meet Sail Jose State this Saturday. Bill cleared II! feet last year
and shows promise of improving that mark this year.

BILL LARSEN will lead the pole vaulters when the Indian trackmen
meet Sail Jose State this Saturday. Bill cleared II! feet last year
and shows promise of improving that mark this year.

BILL LARSEN will lead the pole vaulters when the Indian trackmen
meet Sail Jose State this Saturday. Bill cleared II! feet last year
and shows promise of improving that mark this year.

BILL LARSEN will lead the pole vaulters when the Indian trackmen
meet Sail Jose State this Saturday. Bill cleared II! feet last year
and shows promise of improving that mark this year.
