# Board and Room Bill Payment Due Saturday
## 
### 
Saturday is the last day to pay
room and hoard bills for this
quarter. Students living 011 cam
pus must pay their bills at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building.
Bill, for Village residents arc
payable at the cashier's window
located in (he lobby of the audi
torium. Hours are from 9:30 a.m.
to noon and from 1 to 3:150 p.m.
The olTice will close at 11 a.m.
Saturday.
Saturday is the last day to pay
room and hoard bills for this
quarter. Students living 011 cam
pus must pay their bills at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building.
Bill, for Village residents arc
payable at the cashier's window
located in (he lobby of the audi
torium. Hours are from 9:30 a.m.
to noon and from 1 to 3:150 p.m.
The olTice will close at 11 a.m.
Saturday.
Saturday is the last day to pay
room and hoard bills for this
quarter. Students living 011 cam
pus must pay their bills at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building.
Bill, for Village residents arc
payable at the cashier's window
located in (he lobby of the audi
torium. Hours are from 9:30 a.m.
to noon and from 1 to 3:150 p.m.
The olTice will close at 11 a.m.
Saturday.
Saturday is the last day to pay
room and hoard bills for this
quarter. Students living 011 cam
pus must pay their bills at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building.
Bill, for Village residents arc
payable at the cashier's window
located in (he lobby of the audi
torium. Hours are from 9:30 a.m.
to noon and from 1 to 3:150 p.m.
The olTice will close at 11 a.m.
Saturday.
Saturday is the last day to pay
room and hoard bills for this
quarter. Students living 011 cam
pus must pay their bills at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building.
Bill, for Village residents arc
payable at the cashier's window
located in (he lobby of the audi
torium. Hours are from 9:30 a.m.
to noon and from 1 to 3:150 p.m.
The olTice will close at 11 a.m.
Saturday.
Saturday is the last day to pay
room and hoard bills for this
quarter. Students living 011 cam
pus must pay their bills at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building.
Bill, for Village residents arc
payable at the cashier's window
located in (he lobby of the audi
torium. Hours are from 9:30 a.m.
to noon and from 1 to 3:150 p.m.
The olTice will close at 11 a.m.
Saturday.
Saturday is the last day to pay
room and hoard bills for this
quarter. Students living 011 cam
pus must pay their bills at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building.
Bill, for Village residents arc
payable at the cashier's window
located in (he lobby of the audi
torium. Hours are from 9:30 a.m.
to noon and from 1 to 3:150 p.m.
The olTice will close at 11 a.m.
Saturday.
Saturday is the last day to pay
room and hoard bills for this
quarter. Students living 011 cam
pus must pay their bills at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building.
Bill, for Village residents arc
payable at the cashier's window
located in (he lobby of the audi
torium. Hours are from 9:30 a.m.
to noon and from 1 to 3:150 p.m.
The olTice will close at 11 a.m.
Saturday.
Saturday is the last day to pay
room and hoard bills for this
quarter. Students living 011 cam
pus must pay their bills at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building.
Bill, for Village residents arc
payable at the cashier's window
located in (he lobby of the audi
torium. Hours are from 9:30 a.m.
to noon and from 1 to 3:150 p.m.
The olTice will close at 11 a.m.
Saturday.
Saturday is the last day to pay
room and hoard bills for this
quarter. Students living 011 cam
pus must pay their bills at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building.
Bill, for Village residents arc
payable at the cashier's window
located in (he lobby of the audi
torium. Hours are from 9:30 a.m.
to noon and from 1 to 3:150 p.m.
The olTice will close at 11 a.m.
Saturday.
Saturday is the last day to pay
room and hoard bills for this
quarter. Students living 011 cam
pus must pay their bills at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building.
Bill, for Village residents arc
payable at the cashier's window
located in (he lobby of the audi
torium. Hours are from 9:30 a.m.
to noon and from 1 to 3:150 p.m.
The olTice will close at 11 a.m.
Saturday.
Saturday is the last day to pay
room and hoard bills for this
quarter. Students living 011 cam
pus must pay their bills at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building.
Bill, for Village residents arc
payable at the cashier's window
located in (he lobby of the audi
torium. Hours are from 9:30 a.m.
to noon and from 1 to 3:150 p.m.
The olTice will close at 11 a.m.
Saturday.
Saturday is the last day to pay
room and hoard bills for this
quarter. Students living 011 cam
pus must pay their bills at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building.
Bill, for Village residents arc
payable at the cashier's window
located in (he lobby of the audi
torium. Hours are from 9:30 a.m.
to noon and from 1 to 3:150 p.m.
The olTice will close at 11 a.m.
Saturday.
Saturday is the last day to pay
room and hoard bills for this
quarter. Students living 011 cam
pus must pay their bills at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building.
Bill, for Village residents arc
payable at the cashier's window
located in (he lobby of the audi
torium. Hours are from 9:30 a.m.
to noon and from 1 to 3:150 p.m.
The olTice will close at 11 a.m.
Saturday.
Saturday is the last day to pay
room and hoard bills for this
quarter. Students living 011 cam
pus must pay their bills at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building.
Bill, for Village residents arc
payable at the cashier's window
located in (he lobby of the audi
torium. Hours are from 9:30 a.m.
to noon and from 1 to 3:150 p.m.
The olTice will close at 11 a.m.
Saturday.
