# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The various committees for the
reception of the soldiers on Friday
night are hard at work arranging
for the coming event, which prom
ises to be a brilliant one. Nothing
will be left undone to make it suc
cessful. The plans include as elab
orate an entertainment as was ever
given at the promenade concerts,
and those students who have never
been able to witness one of these
events will have an opportunity on
Friday night to learn of their
character. The various committees
request that aid be givrn them
promptly and cheerfully by those
called upon.
The various committees for the
reception of the soldiers on Friday
night are hard at work arranging
for the coming event, which prom
ises to be a brilliant one. Nothing
will be left undone to make it suc
cessful. The plans include as elab
orate an entertainment as was ever
given at the promenade concerts,
and those students who have never
been able to witness one of these
events will have an opportunity on
Friday night to learn of their
character. The various committees
request that aid be givrn them
promptly and cheerfully by those
called upon.
The various committees for the
reception of the soldiers on Friday
night are hard at work arranging
for the coming event, which prom
ises to be a brilliant one. Nothing
will be left undone to make it suc
cessful. The plans include as elab
orate an entertainment as was ever
given at the promenade concerts,
and those students who have never
been able to witness one of these
events will have an opportunity on
Friday night to learn of their
character. The various committees
request that aid be givrn them
promptly and cheerfully by those
called upon.
The various committees for the
reception of the soldiers on Friday
night are hard at work arranging
for the coming event, which prom
ises to be a brilliant one. Nothing
will be left undone to make it suc
cessful. The plans include as elab
orate an entertainment as was ever
given at the promenade concerts,
and those students who have never
been able to witness one of these
events will have an opportunity on
Friday night to learn of their
character. The various committees
request that aid be givrn them
promptly and cheerfully by those
called upon.
The various committees for the
reception of the soldiers on Friday
night are hard at work arranging
for the coming event, which prom
ises to be a brilliant one. Nothing
will be left undone to make it suc
cessful. The plans include as elab
orate an entertainment as was ever
given at the promenade concerts,
and those students who have never
been able to witness one of these
events will have an opportunity on
Friday night to learn of their
character. The various committees
request that aid be givrn them
promptly and cheerfully by those
called upon.
The various committees for the
reception of the soldiers on Friday
night are hard at work arranging
for the coming event, which prom
ises to be a brilliant one. Nothing
will be left undone to make it suc
cessful. The plans include as elab
orate an entertainment as was ever
given at the promenade concerts,
and those students who have never
been able to witness one of these
events will have an opportunity on
Friday night to learn of their
character. The various committees
request that aid be givrn them
promptly and cheerfully by those
called upon.
