# Football Songs and Yells.
## 
### 
It is desired to publish the foot
hall song hook early this year. The
executive committee offers a prize
of $10 for the best song submitted.
All songs must be offered by Fri
day, October 13th, to one of the
undersigned. Words should be
written to popular and well-known
music. New yells are also wanted.
It is desired to publish the foot
hall song hook early this year. The
executive committee offers a prize
of $10 for the best song submitted.
All songs must be offered by Fri
day, October 13th, to one of the
undersigned. Words should be
written to popular and well-known
music. New yells are also wanted.
It is desired to publish the foot
hall song hook early this year. The
executive committee offers a prize
of $10 for the best song submitted.
All songs must be offered by Fri
day, October 13th, to one of the
undersigned. Words should be
written to popular and well-known
music. New yells are also wanted.
It is desired to publish the foot
hall song hook early this year. The
executive committee offers a prize
of $10 for the best song submitted.
All songs must be offered by Fri
day, October 13th, to one of the
undersigned. Words should be
written to popular and well-known
music. New yells are also wanted.
It is desired to publish the foot
hall song hook early this year. The
executive committee offers a prize
of $10 for the best song submitted.
All songs must be offered by Fri
day, October 13th, to one of the
undersigned. Words should be
written to popular and well-known
music. New yells are also wanted.
It is desired to publish the foot
hall song hook early this year. The
executive committee offers a prize
of $10 for the best song submitted.
All songs must be offered by Fri
day, October 13th, to one of the
undersigned. Words should be
written to popular and well-known
music. New yells are also wanted.
