# COLLEGE OF PACIFIC PRESENTS OPERETTA
## 
### 
The musical comedy, "College a la
Carte" will be presented at the theatre
of the College of the Pacific on the
nights of April 23 and 24. The comedy
was written by and is under the per
sonal direction of Mr. and Mrs. Don
Richards.
Several ex-Stanford men have parts in
the cast. The curtain will rise promptly
at 8:20.
Students of the San Jose college term
this the most elaborate of the annual
stage productions.
The musical comedy, "College a la
Carte" will be presented at the theatre
of the College of the Pacific on the
nights of April 23 and 24. The comedy
was written by and is under the per
sonal direction of Mr. and Mrs. Don
Richards.
Several ex-Stanford men have parts in
the cast. The curtain will rise promptly
at 8:20.
Students of the San Jose college term
this the most elaborate of the annual
stage productions.
The musical comedy, "College a la
Carte" will be presented at the theatre
of the College of the Pacific on the
nights of April 23 and 24. The comedy
was written by and is under the per
sonal direction of Mr. and Mrs. Don
Richards.
Several ex-Stanford men have parts in
the cast. The curtain will rise promptly
at 8:20.
Students of the San Jose college term
this the most elaborate of the annual
stage productions.
The musical comedy, "College a la
Carte" will be presented at the theatre
of the College of the Pacific on the
nights of April 23 and 24. The comedy
was written by and is under the per
sonal direction of Mr. and Mrs. Don
Richards.
Several ex-Stanford men have parts in
the cast. The curtain will rise promptly
at 8:20.
Students of the San Jose college term
this the most elaborate of the annual
stage productions.
The musical comedy, "College a la
Carte" will be presented at the theatre
of the College of the Pacific on the
nights of April 23 and 24. The comedy
was written by and is under the per
sonal direction of Mr. and Mrs. Don
Richards.
Several ex-Stanford men have parts in
the cast. The curtain will rise promptly
at 8:20.
Students of the San Jose college term
this the most elaborate of the annual
stage productions.
The musical comedy, "College a la
Carte" will be presented at the theatre
of the College of the Pacific on the
nights of April 23 and 24. The comedy
was written by and is under the per
sonal direction of Mr. and Mrs. Don
Richards.
Several ex-Stanford men have parts in
the cast. The curtain will rise promptly
at 8:20.
Students of the San Jose college term
this the most elaborate of the annual
stage productions.
The musical comedy, "College a la
Carte" will be presented at the theatre
of the College of the Pacific on the
nights of April 23 and 24. The comedy
was written by and is under the per
sonal direction of Mr. and Mrs. Don
Richards.
Several ex-Stanford men have parts in
the cast. The curtain will rise promptly
at 8:20.
Students of the San Jose college term
this the most elaborate of the annual
stage productions.
The musical comedy, "College a la
Carte" will be presented at the theatre
of the College of the Pacific on the
nights of April 23 and 24. The comedy
was written by and is under the per
sonal direction of Mr. and Mrs. Don
Richards.
Several ex-Stanford men have parts in
the cast. The curtain will rise promptly
at 8:20.
Students of the San Jose college term
this the most elaborate of the annual
stage productions.
The musical comedy, "College a la
Carte" will be presented at the theatre
of the College of the Pacific on the
nights of April 23 and 24. The comedy
was written by and is under the per
sonal direction of Mr. and Mrs. Don
Richards.
Several ex-Stanford men have parts in
the cast. The curtain will rise promptly
at 8:20.
Students of the San Jose college term
this the most elaborate of the annual
stage productions.
The musical comedy, "College a la
Carte" will be presented at the theatre
of the College of the Pacific on the
nights of April 23 and 24. The comedy
was written by and is under the per
sonal direction of Mr. and Mrs. Don
Richards.
Several ex-Stanford men have parts in
the cast. The curtain will rise promptly
at 8:20.
Students of the San Jose college term
this the most elaborate of the annual
stage productions.
The musical comedy, "College a la
Carte" will be presented at the theatre
of the College of the Pacific on the
nights of April 23 and 24. The comedy
was written by and is under the per
sonal direction of Mr. and Mrs. Don
Richards.
Several ex-Stanford men have parts in
the cast. The curtain will rise promptly
at 8:20.
Students of the San Jose college term
this the most elaborate of the annual
stage productions.
The musical comedy, "College a la
Carte" will be presented at the theatre
of the College of the Pacific on the
nights of April 23 and 24. The comedy
was written by and is under the per
sonal direction of Mr. and Mrs. Don
Richards.
Several ex-Stanford men have parts in
the cast. The curtain will rise promptly
at 8:20.
Students of the San Jose college term
this the most elaborate of the annual
stage productions.
