# DAVID STARR JORDAN SPEAKS IN SAN JOSE
## 
### 
"The Fur Seal of Behring Sea" was
the subject of a lecture given by Dr.
David Starr Jordan in the High School
Auditorium in San Jose Thursday eve
ning. The lecture was illustrated by an
unusually fine set of slides belonging to
the University.
Dr. Jordan also made a strong appeal
for the economic and ethical value of
human education as a basis of character
and good citizen building. The lecture,
which was given under the arrangement
of the San Jose Hoard of Education,
was a special feature of I lumane Week,
which is being observed throughout the
United States during the weeks of April
12 to 28. The celebration is in charge
of humanitarian and educational organi
zations in all parts of America and an
effort is being made to make the sixth
annual observance of this national cus
tom more interesting and valuable than
ever before.
