# CAP AND GOWN WILL GIVE DANCE TONIGHT
## 
### 
Cap and Gown will give its third
informal dance of the year in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening. The
womens' honor society has attained a
reputation in the past, for unusually
enjoyable dances characterized by a
great deal of enthusiasm. Tom Rey
nolds' orchestra will he on hand this
, evening to provide music. Admission
to the dance is $I.ooi a couple; 85c
a person.
Cap and Gown will give its third
informal dance of the year in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening. The
womens' honor society has attained a
reputation in the past, for unusually
enjoyable dances characterized by a
great deal of enthusiasm. Tom Rey
nolds' orchestra will he on hand this
, evening to provide music. Admission
to the dance is $I.ooi a couple; 85c
a person.
Cap and Gown will give its third
informal dance of the year in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening. The
womens' honor society has attained a
reputation in the past, for unusually
enjoyable dances characterized by a
great deal of enthusiasm. Tom Rey
nolds' orchestra will he on hand this
, evening to provide music. Admission
to the dance is $I.ooi a couple; 85c
a person.
Cap and Gown will give its third
informal dance of the year in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening. The
womens' honor society has attained a
reputation in the past, for unusually
enjoyable dances characterized by a
great deal of enthusiasm. Tom Rey
nolds' orchestra will he on hand this
, evening to provide music. Admission
to the dance is $I.ooi a couple; 85c
a person.
Cap and Gown will give its third
informal dance of the year in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening. The
womens' honor society has attained a
reputation in the past, for unusually
enjoyable dances characterized by a
great deal of enthusiasm. Tom Rey
nolds' orchestra will he on hand this
, evening to provide music. Admission
to the dance is $I.ooi a couple; 85c
a person.
Cap and Gown will give its third
informal dance of the year in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening. The
womens' honor society has attained a
reputation in the past, for unusually
enjoyable dances characterized by a
great deal of enthusiasm. Tom Rey
nolds' orchestra will he on hand this
, evening to provide music. Admission
to the dance is $I.ooi a couple; 85c
a person.
Cap and Gown will give its third
informal dance of the year in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening. The
womens' honor society has attained a
reputation in the past, for unusually
enjoyable dances characterized by a
great deal of enthusiasm. Tom Rey
nolds' orchestra will he on hand this
, evening to provide music. Admission
to the dance is $I.ooi a couple; 85c
a person.
Cap and Gown will give its third
informal dance of the year in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening. The
womens' honor society has attained a
reputation in the past, for unusually
enjoyable dances characterized by a
great deal of enthusiasm. Tom Rey
nolds' orchestra will he on hand this
, evening to provide music. Admission
to the dance is $I.ooi a couple; 85c
a person.
Cap and Gown will give its third
informal dance of the year in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening. The
womens' honor society has attained a
reputation in the past, for unusually
enjoyable dances characterized by a
great deal of enthusiasm. Tom Rey
nolds' orchestra will he on hand this
, evening to provide music. Admission
to the dance is $I.ooi a couple; 85c
a person.
Cap and Gown will give its third
informal dance of the year in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening. The
womens' honor society has attained a
reputation in the past, for unusually
enjoyable dances characterized by a
great deal of enthusiasm. Tom Rey
nolds' orchestra will he on hand this
, evening to provide music. Admission
to the dance is $I.ooi a couple; 85c
a person.
Cap and Gown will give its third
informal dance of the year in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening. The
womens' honor society has attained a
reputation in the past, for unusually
enjoyable dances characterized by a
great deal of enthusiasm. Tom Rey
nolds' orchestra will he on hand this
, evening to provide music. Admission
to the dance is $I.ooi a couple; 85c
a person.
Cap and Gown will give its third
informal dance of the year in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening. The
womens' honor society has attained a
reputation in the past, for unusually
enjoyable dances characterized by a
great deal of enthusiasm. Tom Rey
nolds' orchestra will he on hand this
, evening to provide music. Admission
to the dance is $I.ooi a couple; 85c
a person.
