# Commercial Pedagogy Class Confers Monday Afternoon
## 
### 
The first of a series of conferences
for prospective commercial teachers will
be held Monday afternoon in Room 225,
under the direction of Professor San
ders. The subject for the first confer
ence will be "Methods and Textbooks,"
and all who intend to teach commercial
subjects should be present at the meet
ings. Professor Sanders wishes to an
nounce that the meeting will be called
for 3 :15.
The first of a series of conferences
for prospective commercial teachers will
be held Monday afternoon in Room 225,
under the direction of Professor San
ders. The subject for the first confer
ence will be "Methods and Textbooks,"
and all who intend to teach commercial
subjects should be present at the meet
ings. Professor Sanders wishes to an
nounce that the meeting will be called
for 3 :15.
The first of a series of conferences
for prospective commercial teachers will
be held Monday afternoon in Room 225,
under the direction of Professor San
ders. The subject for the first confer
ence will be "Methods and Textbooks,"
and all who intend to teach commercial
subjects should be present at the meet
ings. Professor Sanders wishes to an
nounce that the meeting will be called
for 3 :15.
The first of a series of conferences
for prospective commercial teachers will
be held Monday afternoon in Room 225,
under the direction of Professor San
ders. The subject for the first confer
ence will be "Methods and Textbooks,"
and all who intend to teach commercial
subjects should be present at the meet
ings. Professor Sanders wishes to an
nounce that the meeting will be called
for 3 :15.
The first of a series of conferences
for prospective commercial teachers will
be held Monday afternoon in Room 225,
under the direction of Professor San
ders. The subject for the first confer
ence will be "Methods and Textbooks,"
and all who intend to teach commercial
subjects should be present at the meet
ings. Professor Sanders wishes to an
nounce that the meeting will be called
for 3 :15.
The first of a series of conferences
for prospective commercial teachers will
be held Monday afternoon in Room 225,
under the direction of Professor San
ders. The subject for the first confer
ence will be "Methods and Textbooks,"
and all who intend to teach commercial
subjects should be present at the meet
ings. Professor Sanders wishes to an
nounce that the meeting will be called
for 3 :15.
The first of a series of conferences
for prospective commercial teachers will
be held Monday afternoon in Room 225,
under the direction of Professor San
ders. The subject for the first confer
ence will be "Methods and Textbooks,"
and all who intend to teach commercial
subjects should be present at the meet
ings. Professor Sanders wishes to an
nounce that the meeting will be called
for 3 :15.
The first of a series of conferences
for prospective commercial teachers will
be held Monday afternoon in Room 225,
under the direction of Professor San
ders. The subject for the first confer
ence will be "Methods and Textbooks,"
and all who intend to teach commercial
subjects should be present at the meet
ings. Professor Sanders wishes to an
nounce that the meeting will be called
for 3 :15.
The first of a series of conferences
for prospective commercial teachers will
be held Monday afternoon in Room 225,
under the direction of Professor San
ders. The subject for the first confer
ence will be "Methods and Textbooks,"
and all who intend to teach commercial
subjects should be present at the meet
ings. Professor Sanders wishes to an
nounce that the meeting will be called
for 3 :15.
The first of a series of conferences
for prospective commercial teachers will
be held Monday afternoon in Room 225,
under the direction of Professor San
ders. The subject for the first confer
ence will be "Methods and Textbooks,"
and all who intend to teach commercial
subjects should be present at the meet
ings. Professor Sanders wishes to an
nounce that the meeting will be called
for 3 :15.
The first of a series of conferences
for prospective commercial teachers will
be held Monday afternoon in Room 225,
under the direction of Professor San
ders. The subject for the first confer
ence will be "Methods and Textbooks,"
and all who intend to teach commercial
subjects should be present at the meet
ings. Professor Sanders wishes to an
nounce that the meeting will be called
for 3 :15.
The first of a series of conferences
for prospective commercial teachers will
be held Monday afternoon in Room 225,
under the direction of Professor San
ders. The subject for the first confer
ence will be "Methods and Textbooks,"
and all who intend to teach commercial
subjects should be present at the meet
ings. Professor Sanders wishes to an
nounce that the meeting will be called
for 3 :15.
