# Wrangler Society Hears Talk on Modern Poetry
## 
### 
Alary Wildman, '22, entertained the
members of the Wranglers Society with
a discussion of modern poetry at a
meeting held last night. The regular
business meeting followed the talk.
Alary Wildman, '22, entertained the
members of the Wranglers Society with
a discussion of modern poetry at a
meeting held last night. The regular
business meeting followed the talk.
Alary Wildman, '22, entertained the
members of the Wranglers Society with
a discussion of modern poetry at a
meeting held last night. The regular
business meeting followed the talk.
Alary Wildman, '22, entertained the
members of the Wranglers Society with
a discussion of modern poetry at a
meeting held last night. The regular
business meeting followed the talk.
Alary Wildman, '22, entertained the
members of the Wranglers Society with
a discussion of modern poetry at a
meeting held last night. The regular
business meeting followed the talk.
Alary Wildman, '22, entertained the
members of the Wranglers Society with
a discussion of modern poetry at a
meeting held last night. The regular
business meeting followed the talk.
Alary Wildman, '22, entertained the
members of the Wranglers Society with
a discussion of modern poetry at a
meeting held last night. The regular
business meeting followed the talk.
Alary Wildman, '22, entertained the
members of the Wranglers Society with
a discussion of modern poetry at a
meeting held last night. The regular
business meeting followed the talk.
Alary Wildman, '22, entertained the
members of the Wranglers Society with
a discussion of modern poetry at a
meeting held last night. The regular
business meeting followed the talk.
Alary Wildman, '22, entertained the
members of the Wranglers Society with
a discussion of modern poetry at a
meeting held last night. The regular
business meeting followed the talk.
Alary Wildman, '22, entertained the
members of the Wranglers Society with
a discussion of modern poetry at a
meeting held last night. The regular
business meeting followed the talk.
Alary Wildman, '22, entertained the
members of the Wranglers Society with
a discussion of modern poetry at a
meeting held last night. The regular
business meeting followed the talk.
