# FROSH NET WINNERS
## 
### 
Losing but one match, Stanford'."-
frosh tennis team continued unde
feated here Saturday morning will
an impressive win over San Mate<
Junior College. Captain Larry Dec
was an easy winner in the feature
singles battle.
Losing but one match, Stanford'."-
frosh tennis team continued unde
feated here Saturday morning will
an impressive win over San Mate<
Junior College. Captain Larry Dec
was an easy winner in the feature
singles battle.
Losing but one match, Stanford'."-
frosh tennis team continued unde
feated here Saturday morning will
an impressive win over San Mate<
Junior College. Captain Larry Dec
was an easy winner in the feature
singles battle.
Losing but one match, Stanford'."-
frosh tennis team continued unde
feated here Saturday morning will
an impressive win over San Mate<
Junior College. Captain Larry Dec
was an easy winner in the feature
singles battle.
Losing but one match, Stanford'."-
frosh tennis team continued unde
feated here Saturday morning will
an impressive win over San Mate<
Junior College. Captain Larry Dec
was an easy winner in the feature
singles battle.
Losing but one match, Stanford'."-
frosh tennis team continued unde
feated here Saturday morning will
an impressive win over San Mate<
Junior College. Captain Larry Dec
was an easy winner in the feature
singles battle.
Losing but one match, Stanford'."-
frosh tennis team continued unde
feated here Saturday morning will
an impressive win over San Mate<
Junior College. Captain Larry Dec
was an easy winner in the feature
singles battle.
Losing but one match, Stanford'."-
frosh tennis team continued unde
feated here Saturday morning will
an impressive win over San Mate<
Junior College. Captain Larry Dec
was an easy winner in the feature
singles battle.
Losing but one match, Stanford'."-
frosh tennis team continued unde
feated here Saturday morning will
an impressive win over San Mate<
Junior College. Captain Larry Dec
was an easy winner in the feature
singles battle.
Losing but one match, Stanford'."-
frosh tennis team continued unde
feated here Saturday morning will
an impressive win over San Mate<
Junior College. Captain Larry Dec
was an easy winner in the feature
singles battle.
Losing but one match, Stanford'."-
frosh tennis team continued unde
feated here Saturday morning will
an impressive win over San Mate<
Junior College. Captain Larry Dec
was an easy winner in the feature
singles battle.
Losing but one match, Stanford'."-
frosh tennis team continued unde
feated here Saturday morning will
an impressive win over San Mate<
Junior College. Captain Larry Dec
was an easy winner in the feature
singles battle.
Losing but one match, Stanford'."-
frosh tennis team continued unde
feated here Saturday morning will
an impressive win over San Mate<
Junior College. Captain Larry Dec
was an easy winner in the feature
singles battle.
Losing but one match, Stanford'."-
frosh tennis team continued unde
feated here Saturday morning will
an impressive win over San Mate<
Junior College. Captain Larry Dec
was an easy winner in the feature
singles battle.
Losing but one match, Stanford'."-
frosh tennis team continued unde
feated here Saturday morning will
an impressive win over San Mate<
Junior College. Captain Larry Dec
was an easy winner in the feature
singles battle.
Losing but one match, Stanford'."-
frosh tennis team continued unde
feated here Saturday morning will
an impressive win over San Mate<
Junior College. Captain Larry Dec
was an easy winner in the feature
singles battle.
