# FIVE SUICIDES REPORTED
## 
### 
SEATTLE. Feb. 23 (UP). — The
coroner reported today five persons
committed suicide in Seattle.
SEATTLE. Feb. 23 (UP). — The
coroner reported today five persons
committed suicide in Seattle.
SEATTLE. Feb. 23 (UP). — The
coroner reported today five persons
committed suicide in Seattle.
SEATTLE. Feb. 23 (UP). — The
coroner reported today five persons
committed suicide in Seattle.
SEATTLE. Feb. 23 (UP). — The
coroner reported today five persons
committed suicide in Seattle.
SEATTLE. Feb. 23 (UP). — The
coroner reported today five persons
committed suicide in Seattle.
SEATTLE. Feb. 23 (UP). — The
coroner reported today five persons
committed suicide in Seattle.
SEATTLE. Feb. 23 (UP). — The
coroner reported today five persons
committed suicide in Seattle.
SEATTLE. Feb. 23 (UP). — The
coroner reported today five persons
committed suicide in Seattle.
SEATTLE. Feb. 23 (UP). — The
coroner reported today five persons
committed suicide in Seattle.
SEATTLE. Feb. 23 (UP). — The
coroner reported today five persons
committed suicide in Seattle.
SEATTLE. Feb. 23 (UP). — The
coroner reported today five persons
committed suicide in Seattle.
SEATTLE. Feb. 23 (UP). — The
coroner reported today five persons
committed suicide in Seattle.
SEATTLE. Feb. 23 (UP). — The
coroner reported today five persons
committed suicide in Seattle.
SEATTLE. Feb. 23 (UP). — The
coroner reported today five persons
committed suicide in Seattle.
SEATTLE. Feb. 23 (UP). — The
coroner reported today five persons
committed suicide in Seattle.
