# Frosh Basketball
## 
### 
Stanford's freshman basket bailers
continued to roll Saturday night and
chalked up their Ith victory of the
season, 4(i-43, against Santa Rosa
Junior College.
Offensively the frosli got off the
dime and were very effective around
the basket, where Bob Penn was
again the tip-in artist, while Cap
tain Bill Cowden was the big gun in
points via the long range route. De
fensively the yearlings were far
from the clever unit which has stop
ped their last 10 opponents.
The last and most important as
signment of the senson will be giv
en the Papooses this week, when
Coach H. B. "Beeb" Lee starts prep
ping his charges for the two-game
series with Cal's frosh
Buildings weighing 4,000 tons and
having five stories have been mov
ed successfully.
