# Air Talk Covers Life of Machine
## 
### 
"Life Expectancy" tables for var
ious types of machinery, similar to
those for humna mortality set up by
life insurance companies, will be
pictured by Eugene L. Grant, as
sociate professor of economics of
engineering at Stanford University,
in a radio talk over station KGO to
night at 8:30 o'clock.
Speaking on "The Death Rate of
Machinery," Professor Grant will
discuss techniques developed for
predicting the life expectancy of
different classes of machines.
"The probable length of life of a
machine is of concern to anyone who
owns or operates one," Grant point
ed out, citing the importance of ac
curate depreciation rates for income
tax and public utility rate-making
purposes.
"Life Expectancy" tables for var
ious types of machinery, similar to
those for humna mortality set up by
life insurance companies, will be
pictured by Eugene L. Grant, as
sociate professor of economics of
engineering at Stanford University,
in a radio talk over station KGO to
night at 8:30 o'clock.
Speaking on "The Death Rate of
Machinery," Professor Grant will
discuss techniques developed for
predicting the life expectancy of
different classes of machines.
"The probable length of life of a
machine is of concern to anyone who
owns or operates one," Grant point
ed out, citing the importance of ac
curate depreciation rates for income
tax and public utility rate-making
purposes.
"Life Expectancy" tables for var
ious types of machinery, similar to
those for humna mortality set up by
life insurance companies, will be
pictured by Eugene L. Grant, as
sociate professor of economics of
engineering at Stanford University,
in a radio talk over station KGO to
night at 8:30 o'clock.
Speaking on "The Death Rate of
Machinery," Professor Grant will
discuss techniques developed for
predicting the life expectancy of
different classes of machines.
"The probable length of life of a
machine is of concern to anyone who
owns or operates one," Grant point
ed out, citing the importance of ac
curate depreciation rates for income
tax and public utility rate-making
purposes.
"Life Expectancy" tables for var
ious types of machinery, similar to
those for humna mortality set up by
life insurance companies, will be
pictured by Eugene L. Grant, as
sociate professor of economics of
engineering at Stanford University,
in a radio talk over station KGO to
night at 8:30 o'clock.
Speaking on "The Death Rate of
Machinery," Professor Grant will
discuss techniques developed for
predicting the life expectancy of
different classes of machines.
"The probable length of life of a
machine is of concern to anyone who
owns or operates one," Grant point
ed out, citing the importance of ac
curate depreciation rates for income
tax and public utility rate-making
purposes.
"Life Expectancy" tables for var
ious types of machinery, similar to
those for humna mortality set up by
life insurance companies, will be
pictured by Eugene L. Grant, as
sociate professor of economics of
engineering at Stanford University,
in a radio talk over station KGO to
night at 8:30 o'clock.
Speaking on "The Death Rate of
Machinery," Professor Grant will
discuss techniques developed for
predicting the life expectancy of
different classes of machines.
"The probable length of life of a
machine is of concern to anyone who
owns or operates one," Grant point
ed out, citing the importance of ac
curate depreciation rates for income
tax and public utility rate-making
purposes.
"Life Expectancy" tables for var
ious types of machinery, similar to
those for humna mortality set up by
life insurance companies, will be
pictured by Eugene L. Grant, as
sociate professor of economics of
engineering at Stanford University,
in a radio talk over station KGO to
night at 8:30 o'clock.
Speaking on "The Death Rate of
Machinery," Professor Grant will
discuss techniques developed for
predicting the life expectancy of
different classes of machines.
"The probable length of life of a
machine is of concern to anyone who
owns or operates one," Grant point
ed out, citing the importance of ac
curate depreciation rates for income
tax and public utility rate-making
purposes.
"Life Expectancy" tables for var
ious types of machinery, similar to
those for humna mortality set up by
life insurance companies, will be
pictured by Eugene L. Grant, as
sociate professor of economics of
engineering at Stanford University,
in a radio talk over station KGO to
night at 8:30 o'clock.
Speaking on "The Death Rate of
Machinery," Professor Grant will
discuss techniques developed for
predicting the life expectancy of
different classes of machines.
"The probable length of life of a
machine is of concern to anyone who
owns or operates one," Grant point
ed out, citing the importance of ac
curate depreciation rates for income
tax and public utility rate-making
purposes.
"Life Expectancy" tables for var
ious types of machinery, similar to
those for humna mortality set up by
life insurance companies, will be
pictured by Eugene L. Grant, as
sociate professor of economics of
engineering at Stanford University,
in a radio talk over station KGO to
night at 8:30 o'clock.
Speaking on "The Death Rate of
Machinery," Professor Grant will
discuss techniques developed for
predicting the life expectancy of
different classes of machines.
"The probable length of life of a
machine is of concern to anyone who
owns or operates one," Grant point
ed out, citing the importance of ac
curate depreciation rates for income
tax and public utility rate-making
purposes.
"Life Expectancy" tables for var
ious types of machinery, similar to
those for humna mortality set up by
life insurance companies, will be
pictured by Eugene L. Grant, as
sociate professor of economics of
engineering at Stanford University,
in a radio talk over station KGO to
night at 8:30 o'clock.
Speaking on "The Death Rate of
Machinery," Professor Grant will
discuss techniques developed for
predicting the life expectancy of
different classes of machines.
"The probable length of life of a
machine is of concern to anyone who
owns or operates one," Grant point
ed out, citing the importance of ac
curate depreciation rates for income
tax and public utility rate-making
purposes.
"Life Expectancy" tables for var
ious types of machinery, similar to
those for humna mortality set up by
life insurance companies, will be
pictured by Eugene L. Grant, as
sociate professor of economics of
engineering at Stanford University,
in a radio talk over station KGO to
night at 8:30 o'clock.
Speaking on "The Death Rate of
Machinery," Professor Grant will
discuss techniques developed for
predicting the life expectancy of
different classes of machines.
"The probable length of life of a
machine is of concern to anyone who
owns or operates one," Grant point
ed out, citing the importance of ac
curate depreciation rates for income
tax and public utility rate-making
purposes.
"Life Expectancy" tables for var
ious types of machinery, similar to
those for humna mortality set up by
life insurance companies, will be
pictured by Eugene L. Grant, as
sociate professor of economics of
engineering at Stanford University,
in a radio talk over station KGO to
night at 8:30 o'clock.
Speaking on "The Death Rate of
Machinery," Professor Grant will
discuss techniques developed for
predicting the life expectancy of
different classes of machines.
"The probable length of life of a
machine is of concern to anyone who
owns or operates one," Grant point
ed out, citing the importance of ac
curate depreciation rates for income
tax and public utility rate-making
purposes.
"Life Expectancy" tables for var
ious types of machinery, similar to
those for humna mortality set up by
life insurance companies, will be
pictured by Eugene L. Grant, as
sociate professor of economics of
engineering at Stanford University,
in a radio talk over station KGO to
night at 8:30 o'clock.
Speaking on "The Death Rate of
Machinery," Professor Grant will
discuss techniques developed for
predicting the life expectancy of
different classes of machines.
"The probable length of life of a
machine is of concern to anyone who
owns or operates one," Grant point
ed out, citing the importance of ac
curate depreciation rates for income
tax and public utility rate-making
purposes.
"Life Expectancy" tables for var
ious types of machinery, similar to
those for humna mortality set up by
life insurance companies, will be
pictured by Eugene L. Grant, as
sociate professor of economics of
engineering at Stanford University,
in a radio talk over station KGO to
night at 8:30 o'clock.
Speaking on "The Death Rate of
Machinery," Professor Grant will
discuss techniques developed for
predicting the life expectancy of
different classes of machines.
"The probable length of life of a
machine is of concern to anyone who
owns or operates one," Grant point
ed out, citing the importance of ac
curate depreciation rates for income
tax and public utility rate-making
purposes.
"Life Expectancy" tables for var
ious types of machinery, similar to
those for humna mortality set up by
life insurance companies, will be
pictured by Eugene L. Grant, as
sociate professor of economics of
engineering at Stanford University,
in a radio talk over station KGO to
night at 8:30 o'clock.
Speaking on "The Death Rate of
Machinery," Professor Grant will
discuss techniques developed for
predicting the life expectancy of
different classes of machines.
"The probable length of life of a
machine is of concern to anyone who
owns or operates one," Grant point
ed out, citing the importance of ac
curate depreciation rates for income
tax and public utility rate-making
purposes.
"Life Expectancy" tables for var
ious types of machinery, similar to
those for humna mortality set up by
life insurance companies, will be
pictured by Eugene L. Grant, as
sociate professor of economics of
engineering at Stanford University,
in a radio talk over station KGO to
night at 8:30 o'clock.
Speaking on "The Death Rate of
Machinery," Professor Grant will
discuss techniques developed for
predicting the life expectancy of
different classes of machines.
"The probable length of life of a
machine is of concern to anyone who
owns or operates one," Grant point
ed out, citing the importance of ac
curate depreciation rates for income
tax and public utility rate-making
purposes.
"Life Expectancy" tables for var
ious types of machinery, similar to
those for humna mortality set up by
life insurance companies, will be
pictured by Eugene L. Grant, as
sociate professor of economics of
engineering at Stanford University,
in a radio talk over station KGO to
night at 8:30 o'clock.
Speaking on "The Death Rate of
Machinery," Professor Grant will
discuss techniques developed for
predicting the life expectancy of
different classes of machines.
"The probable length of life of a
machine is of concern to anyone who
owns or operates one," Grant point
ed out, citing the importance of ac
curate depreciation rates for income
tax and public utility rate-making
purposes.
