# FENDER SKIRTS GONE
## 
### 
William Irving reported to police
Saturday that the fender skirts dec
orating his 1950 Ford had heen sto
len while the cai was parked in (hi 1
Toyon parking area.
William Irving reported to police
Saturday that the fender skirts dec
orating his 1950 Ford had heen sto
len while the cai was parked in (hi 1
Toyon parking area.
William Irving reported to police
Saturday that the fender skirts dec
orating his 1950 Ford had heen sto
len while the cai was parked in (hi 1
Toyon parking area.
William Irving reported to police
Saturday that the fender skirts dec
orating his 1950 Ford had heen sto
len while the cai was parked in (hi 1
Toyon parking area.
William Irving reported to police
Saturday that the fender skirts dec
orating his 1950 Ford had heen sto
len while the cai was parked in (hi 1
Toyon parking area.
William Irving reported to police
Saturday that the fender skirts dec
orating his 1950 Ford had heen sto
len while the cai was parked in (hi 1
Toyon parking area.
William Irving reported to police
Saturday that the fender skirts dec
orating his 1950 Ford had heen sto
len while the cai was parked in (hi 1
Toyon parking area.
William Irving reported to police
Saturday that the fender skirts dec
orating his 1950 Ford had heen sto
len while the cai was parked in (hi 1
Toyon parking area.
William Irving reported to police
Saturday that the fender skirts dec
orating his 1950 Ford had heen sto
len while the cai was parked in (hi 1
Toyon parking area.
William Irving reported to police
Saturday that the fender skirts dec
orating his 1950 Ford had heen sto
len while the cai was parked in (hi 1
Toyon parking area.
William Irving reported to police
Saturday that the fender skirts dec
orating his 1950 Ford had heen sto
len while the cai was parked in (hi 1
Toyon parking area.
William Irving reported to police
Saturday that the fender skirts dec
orating his 1950 Ford had heen sto
len while the cai was parked in (hi 1
Toyon parking area.
William Irving reported to police
Saturday that the fender skirts dec
orating his 1950 Ford had heen sto
len while the cai was parked in (hi 1
Toyon parking area.
William Irving reported to police
Saturday that the fender skirts dec
orating his 1950 Ford had heen sto
len while the cai was parked in (hi 1
Toyon parking area.
William Irving reported to police
Saturday that the fender skirts dec
orating his 1950 Ford had heen sto
len while the cai was parked in (hi 1
Toyon parking area.
