# Biology Lab Gets $35,000 in Grants
## 
### 
Grants -in - aid totaling $35,000
havo been received by the Research
Laboratory for Experimental Biol
ogy, the Stanford Research Irfsti
tute has announced.
The agencies furnishing these
grant-; arc the American Cancer So
ciety, the Atomic Energy Commis
sion, the Damon Runyon Cancer
Fund, and the U.S. Public Health J
Service.
Co-operating on the studies sup
ported by the grants are the Palo
Alto Medical Research Foundation,
members of the Stanford Anatomy
Department, and faculty members I
of the University of California.
Grants -in - aid totaling $35,000
havo been received by the Research
Laboratory for Experimental Biol
ogy, the Stanford Research Irfsti
tute has announced.
The agencies furnishing these
grant-; arc the American Cancer So
ciety, the Atomic Energy Commis
sion, the Damon Runyon Cancer
Fund, and the U.S. Public Health J
Service.
Co-operating on the studies sup
ported by the grants are the Palo
Alto Medical Research Foundation,
members of the Stanford Anatomy
Department, and faculty members I
of the University of California.
Grants -in - aid totaling $35,000
havo been received by the Research
Laboratory for Experimental Biol
ogy, the Stanford Research Irfsti
tute has announced.
The agencies furnishing these
grant-; arc the American Cancer So
ciety, the Atomic Energy Commis
sion, the Damon Runyon Cancer
Fund, and the U.S. Public Health J
Service.
Co-operating on the studies sup
ported by the grants are the Palo
Alto Medical Research Foundation,
members of the Stanford Anatomy
Department, and faculty members I
of the University of California.
Grants -in - aid totaling $35,000
havo been received by the Research
Laboratory for Experimental Biol
ogy, the Stanford Research Irfsti
tute has announced.
The agencies furnishing these
grant-; arc the American Cancer So
ciety, the Atomic Energy Commis
sion, the Damon Runyon Cancer
Fund, and the U.S. Public Health J
Service.
Co-operating on the studies sup
ported by the grants are the Palo
Alto Medical Research Foundation,
members of the Stanford Anatomy
Department, and faculty members I
of the University of California.
Grants -in - aid totaling $35,000
havo been received by the Research
Laboratory for Experimental Biol
ogy, the Stanford Research Irfsti
tute has announced.
The agencies furnishing these
grant-; arc the American Cancer So
ciety, the Atomic Energy Commis
sion, the Damon Runyon Cancer
Fund, and the U.S. Public Health J
Service.
Co-operating on the studies sup
ported by the grants are the Palo
Alto Medical Research Foundation,
members of the Stanford Anatomy
Department, and faculty members I
of the University of California.
Grants -in - aid totaling $35,000
havo been received by the Research
Laboratory for Experimental Biol
ogy, the Stanford Research Irfsti
tute has announced.
The agencies furnishing these
grant-; arc the American Cancer So
ciety, the Atomic Energy Commis
sion, the Damon Runyon Cancer
Fund, and the U.S. Public Health J
Service.
Co-operating on the studies sup
ported by the grants are the Palo
Alto Medical Research Foundation,
members of the Stanford Anatomy
Department, and faculty members I
of the University of California.
Grants -in - aid totaling $35,000
havo been received by the Research
Laboratory for Experimental Biol
ogy, the Stanford Research Irfsti
tute has announced.
The agencies furnishing these
grant-; arc the American Cancer So
ciety, the Atomic Energy Commis
sion, the Damon Runyon Cancer
Fund, and the U.S. Public Health J
Service.
Co-operating on the studies sup
ported by the grants are the Palo
Alto Medical Research Foundation,
members of the Stanford Anatomy
Department, and faculty members I
of the University of California.
Grants -in - aid totaling $35,000
havo been received by the Research
Laboratory for Experimental Biol
ogy, the Stanford Research Irfsti
tute has announced.
The agencies furnishing these
grant-; arc the American Cancer So
ciety, the Atomic Energy Commis
sion, the Damon Runyon Cancer
Fund, and the U.S. Public Health J
Service.
Co-operating on the studies sup
ported by the grants are the Palo
Alto Medical Research Foundation,
members of the Stanford Anatomy
Department, and faculty members I
of the University of California.
Grants -in - aid totaling $35,000
havo been received by the Research
Laboratory for Experimental Biol
ogy, the Stanford Research Irfsti
tute has announced.
The agencies furnishing these
grant-; arc the American Cancer So
ciety, the Atomic Energy Commis
sion, the Damon Runyon Cancer
Fund, and the U.S. Public Health J
Service.
Co-operating on the studies sup
ported by the grants are the Palo
Alto Medical Research Foundation,
members of the Stanford Anatomy
Department, and faculty members I
of the University of California.
Grants -in - aid totaling $35,000
havo been received by the Research
Laboratory for Experimental Biol
ogy, the Stanford Research Irfsti
tute has announced.
The agencies furnishing these
grant-; arc the American Cancer So
ciety, the Atomic Energy Commis
sion, the Damon Runyon Cancer
Fund, and the U.S. Public Health J
Service.
Co-operating on the studies sup
ported by the grants are the Palo
Alto Medical Research Foundation,
members of the Stanford Anatomy
Department, and faculty members I
of the University of California.
Grants -in - aid totaling $35,000
havo been received by the Research
Laboratory for Experimental Biol
ogy, the Stanford Research Irfsti
tute has announced.
The agencies furnishing these
grant-; arc the American Cancer So
ciety, the Atomic Energy Commis
sion, the Damon Runyon Cancer
Fund, and the U.S. Public Health J
Service.
Co-operating on the studies sup
ported by the grants are the Palo
Alto Medical Research Foundation,
members of the Stanford Anatomy
Department, and faculty members I
of the University of California.
Grants -in - aid totaling $35,000
havo been received by the Research
Laboratory for Experimental Biol
ogy, the Stanford Research Irfsti
tute has announced.
The agencies furnishing these
grant-; arc the American Cancer So
ciety, the Atomic Energy Commis
sion, the Damon Runyon Cancer
Fund, and the U.S. Public Health J
Service.
Co-operating on the studies sup
ported by the grants are the Palo
Alto Medical Research Foundation,
members of the Stanford Anatomy
Department, and faculty members I
of the University of California.
Grants -in - aid totaling $35,000
havo been received by the Research
Laboratory for Experimental Biol
ogy, the Stanford Research Irfsti
tute has announced.
The agencies furnishing these
grant-; arc the American Cancer So
ciety, the Atomic Energy Commis
sion, the Damon Runyon Cancer
Fund, and the U.S. Public Health J
Service.
Co-operating on the studies sup
ported by the grants are the Palo
Alto Medical Research Foundation,
members of the Stanford Anatomy
Department, and faculty members I
of the University of California.
Grants -in - aid totaling $35,000
havo been received by the Research
Laboratory for Experimental Biol
ogy, the Stanford Research Irfsti
tute has announced.
The agencies furnishing these
grant-; arc the American Cancer So
ciety, the Atomic Energy Commis
sion, the Damon Runyon Cancer
Fund, and the U.S. Public Health J
Service.
Co-operating on the studies sup
ported by the grants are the Palo
Alto Medical Research Foundation,
members of the Stanford Anatomy
Department, and faculty members I
of the University of California.
Grants -in - aid totaling $35,000
havo been received by the Research
Laboratory for Experimental Biol
ogy, the Stanford Research Irfsti
tute has announced.
The agencies furnishing these
grant-; arc the American Cancer So
ciety, the Atomic Energy Commis
sion, the Damon Runyon Cancer
Fund, and the U.S. Public Health J
Service.
Co-operating on the studies sup
ported by the grants are the Palo
Alto Medical Research Foundation,
members of the Stanford Anatomy
Department, and faculty members I
of the University of California.
