# Burglar Finds Keys, Takes Automobile
## 
### 
An auto belonging to Stanford In
structor Robert Koine was stolen
sometime Saturday from its park
ing place in the alley behind the
Chinese Club, at 528 Salvaticrra
Street..
Keine found his car missing after
he discovered his home at 536 Sal
vatierra Street had been broken
into and his car keys stolen.
The missing car is described as a
1938 Chevrolet convertible, light
green in color, with a black cloth
top. License number of the car is
3F1268.
An auto belonging to Stanford In
structor Robert Koine was stolen
sometime Saturday from its park
ing place in the alley behind the
Chinese Club, at 528 Salvaticrra
Street..
Keine found his car missing after
he discovered his home at 536 Sal
vatierra Street had been broken
into and his car keys stolen.
The missing car is described as a
1938 Chevrolet convertible, light
green in color, with a black cloth
top. License number of the car is
3F1268.
An auto belonging to Stanford In
structor Robert Koine was stolen
sometime Saturday from its park
ing place in the alley behind the
Chinese Club, at 528 Salvaticrra
Street..
Keine found his car missing after
he discovered his home at 536 Sal
vatierra Street had been broken
into and his car keys stolen.
The missing car is described as a
1938 Chevrolet convertible, light
green in color, with a black cloth
top. License number of the car is
3F1268.
An auto belonging to Stanford In
structor Robert Koine was stolen
sometime Saturday from its park
ing place in the alley behind the
Chinese Club, at 528 Salvaticrra
Street..
Keine found his car missing after
he discovered his home at 536 Sal
vatierra Street had been broken
into and his car keys stolen.
The missing car is described as a
1938 Chevrolet convertible, light
green in color, with a black cloth
top. License number of the car is
3F1268.
An auto belonging to Stanford In
structor Robert Koine was stolen
sometime Saturday from its park
ing place in the alley behind the
Chinese Club, at 528 Salvaticrra
Street..
Keine found his car missing after
he discovered his home at 536 Sal
vatierra Street had been broken
into and his car keys stolen.
The missing car is described as a
1938 Chevrolet convertible, light
green in color, with a black cloth
top. License number of the car is
3F1268.
An auto belonging to Stanford In
structor Robert Koine was stolen
sometime Saturday from its park
ing place in the alley behind the
Chinese Club, at 528 Salvaticrra
Street..
Keine found his car missing after
he discovered his home at 536 Sal
vatierra Street had been broken
into and his car keys stolen.
The missing car is described as a
1938 Chevrolet convertible, light
green in color, with a black cloth
top. License number of the car is
3F1268.
An auto belonging to Stanford In
structor Robert Koine was stolen
sometime Saturday from its park
ing place in the alley behind the
Chinese Club, at 528 Salvaticrra
Street..
Keine found his car missing after
he discovered his home at 536 Sal
vatierra Street had been broken
into and his car keys stolen.
The missing car is described as a
1938 Chevrolet convertible, light
green in color, with a black cloth
top. License number of the car is
3F1268.
An auto belonging to Stanford In
structor Robert Koine was stolen
sometime Saturday from its park
ing place in the alley behind the
Chinese Club, at 528 Salvaticrra
Street..
Keine found his car missing after
he discovered his home at 536 Sal
vatierra Street had been broken
into and his car keys stolen.
The missing car is described as a
1938 Chevrolet convertible, light
green in color, with a black cloth
top. License number of the car is
3F1268.
An auto belonging to Stanford In
structor Robert Koine was stolen
sometime Saturday from its park
ing place in the alley behind the
Chinese Club, at 528 Salvaticrra
Street..
Keine found his car missing after
he discovered his home at 536 Sal
vatierra Street had been broken
into and his car keys stolen.
The missing car is described as a
1938 Chevrolet convertible, light
green in color, with a black cloth
top. License number of the car is
3F1268.
An auto belonging to Stanford In
structor Robert Koine was stolen
sometime Saturday from its park
ing place in the alley behind the
Chinese Club, at 528 Salvaticrra
Street..
Keine found his car missing after
he discovered his home at 536 Sal
vatierra Street had been broken
into and his car keys stolen.
The missing car is described as a
1938 Chevrolet convertible, light
green in color, with a black cloth
top. License number of the car is
3F1268.
An auto belonging to Stanford In
structor Robert Koine was stolen
sometime Saturday from its park
ing place in the alley behind the
Chinese Club, at 528 Salvaticrra
Street..
Keine found his car missing after
he discovered his home at 536 Sal
vatierra Street had been broken
into and his car keys stolen.
The missing car is described as a
1938 Chevrolet convertible, light
green in color, with a black cloth
top. License number of the car is
3F1268.
An auto belonging to Stanford In
structor Robert Koine was stolen
sometime Saturday from its park
ing place in the alley behind the
Chinese Club, at 528 Salvaticrra
Street..
Keine found his car missing after
he discovered his home at 536 Sal
vatierra Street had been broken
into and his car keys stolen.
The missing car is described as a
1938 Chevrolet convertible, light
green in color, with a black cloth
top. License number of the car is
3F1268.
An auto belonging to Stanford In
structor Robert Koine was stolen
sometime Saturday from its park
ing place in the alley behind the
Chinese Club, at 528 Salvaticrra
Street..
Keine found his car missing after
he discovered his home at 536 Sal
vatierra Street had been broken
into and his car keys stolen.
The missing car is described as a
1938 Chevrolet convertible, light
green in color, with a black cloth
top. License number of the car is
3F1268.
An auto belonging to Stanford In
structor Robert Koine was stolen
sometime Saturday from its park
ing place in the alley behind the
Chinese Club, at 528 Salvaticrra
Street..
Keine found his car missing after
he discovered his home at 536 Sal
vatierra Street had been broken
into and his car keys stolen.
The missing car is described as a
1938 Chevrolet convertible, light
green in color, with a black cloth
top. License number of the car is
3F1268.
An auto belonging to Stanford In
structor Robert Koine was stolen
sometime Saturday from its park
ing place in the alley behind the
Chinese Club, at 528 Salvaticrra
Street..
Keine found his car missing after
he discovered his home at 536 Sal
vatierra Street had been broken
into and his car keys stolen.
The missing car is described as a
1938 Chevrolet convertible, light
green in color, with a black cloth
top. License number of the car is
3F1268.
