# Up Next: Baseball
## 
### 
No. 2 Stanford at California
Site: Evans Diamond
Time: Today, 2 p.m.
Records: Stanford 8-4, Cal 5-7.
Game Notes: Junior Hurler
Justin Wayne gets the call
tonight as Stanford starts a
three-game set against the
Golden Bears. The Bears'
head coach David Esquer is a
former Cardinal shortstop who
won a national champioship
under Stanford's head coach
Mark Marquess. Cal's Xavier
Nady will be a constant threat
he was named the preseason
player of the year by several
publications.

No. 2 Stanford at California
Site: Evans Diamond
Time: Today, 2 p.m.
Records: Stanford 8-4, Cal 5-7.
Game Notes: Junior Hurler
Justin Wayne gets the call
tonight as Stanford starts a
three-game set against the
Golden Bears. The Bears'
head coach David Esquer is a
former Cardinal shortstop who
won a national champioship
under Stanford's head coach
Mark Marquess. Cal's Xavier
Nady will be a constant threat
he was named the preseason
player of the year by several
publications.

No. 2 Stanford at California
Site: Evans Diamond
Time: Today, 2 p.m.
Records: Stanford 8-4, Cal 5-7.
Game Notes: Junior Hurler
Justin Wayne gets the call
tonight as Stanford starts a
three-game set against the
Golden Bears. The Bears'
head coach David Esquer is a
former Cardinal shortstop who
won a national champioship
under Stanford's head coach
Mark Marquess. Cal's Xavier
Nady will be a constant threat
he was named the preseason
player of the year by several
publications.

No. 2 Stanford at California
Site: Evans Diamond
Time: Today, 2 p.m.
Records: Stanford 8-4, Cal 5-7.
Game Notes: Junior Hurler
Justin Wayne gets the call
tonight as Stanford starts a
three-game set against the
Golden Bears. The Bears'
head coach David Esquer is a
former Cardinal shortstop who
won a national champioship
under Stanford's head coach
Mark Marquess. Cal's Xavier
Nady will be a constant threat
he was named the preseason
player of the year by several
publications.

No. 2 Stanford at California
Site: Evans Diamond
Time: Today, 2 p.m.
Records: Stanford 8-4, Cal 5-7.
Game Notes: Junior Hurler
Justin Wayne gets the call
tonight as Stanford starts a
three-game set against the
Golden Bears. The Bears'
head coach David Esquer is a
former Cardinal shortstop who
won a national champioship
under Stanford's head coach
Mark Marquess. Cal's Xavier
Nady will be a constant threat
he was named the preseason
player of the year by several
publications.

No. 2 Stanford at California
Site: Evans Diamond
Time: Today, 2 p.m.
Records: Stanford 8-4, Cal 5-7.
Game Notes: Junior Hurler
Justin Wayne gets the call
tonight as Stanford starts a
three-game set against the
Golden Bears. The Bears'
head coach David Esquer is a
former Cardinal shortstop who
won a national champioship
under Stanford's head coach
Mark Marquess. Cal's Xavier
Nady will be a constant threat
he was named the preseason
player of the year by several
publications.

