# Student Directory Sales to Continue
## 
### 
Summer quarter student direc
tories will be sold at the ASSU
office and the Cellar magazine
counter this week, according to
directory chairman Ruby Yarvan.
The mimeographed 10-cent pub
lication includes name s, home
towns, local addresses and phone
numbers, majors, year in school,
and marital status of all summer
quarter students.
Summer quarter student direc
tories will be sold at the ASSU
office and the Cellar magazine
counter this week, according to
directory chairman Ruby Yarvan.
The mimeographed 10-cent pub
lication includes name s, home
towns, local addresses and phone
numbers, majors, year in school,
and marital status of all summer
quarter students.
Summer quarter student direc
tories will be sold at the ASSU
office and the Cellar magazine
counter this week, according to
directory chairman Ruby Yarvan.
The mimeographed 10-cent pub
lication includes name s, home
towns, local addresses and phone
numbers, majors, year in school,
and marital status of all summer
quarter students.
Summer quarter student direc
tories will be sold at the ASSU
office and the Cellar magazine
counter this week, according to
directory chairman Ruby Yarvan.
The mimeographed 10-cent pub
lication includes name s, home
towns, local addresses and phone
numbers, majors, year in school,
and marital status of all summer
quarter students.
Summer quarter student direc
tories will be sold at the ASSU
office and the Cellar magazine
counter this week, according to
directory chairman Ruby Yarvan.
The mimeographed 10-cent pub
lication includes name s, home
towns, local addresses and phone
numbers, majors, year in school,
and marital status of all summer
quarter students.
Summer quarter student direc
tories will be sold at the ASSU
office and the Cellar magazine
counter this week, according to
directory chairman Ruby Yarvan.
The mimeographed 10-cent pub
lication includes name s, home
towns, local addresses and phone
numbers, majors, year in school,
and marital status of all summer
quarter students.
Summer quarter student direc
tories will be sold at the ASSU
office and the Cellar magazine
counter this week, according to
directory chairman Ruby Yarvan.
The mimeographed 10-cent pub
lication includes name s, home
towns, local addresses and phone
numbers, majors, year in school,
and marital status of all summer
quarter students.
Summer quarter student direc
tories will be sold at the ASSU
office and the Cellar magazine
counter this week, according to
directory chairman Ruby Yarvan.
The mimeographed 10-cent pub
lication includes name s, home
towns, local addresses and phone
numbers, majors, year in school,
and marital status of all summer
quarter students.
Summer quarter student direc
tories will be sold at the ASSU
office and the Cellar magazine
counter this week, according to
directory chairman Ruby Yarvan.
The mimeographed 10-cent pub
lication includes name s, home
towns, local addresses and phone
numbers, majors, year in school,
and marital status of all summer
quarter students.
Summer quarter student direc
tories will be sold at the ASSU
office and the Cellar magazine
counter this week, according to
directory chairman Ruby Yarvan.
The mimeographed 10-cent pub
lication includes name s, home
towns, local addresses and phone
numbers, majors, year in school,
and marital status of all summer
quarter students.
Summer quarter student direc
tories will be sold at the ASSU
office and the Cellar magazine
counter this week, according to
directory chairman Ruby Yarvan.
The mimeographed 10-cent pub
lication includes name s, home
towns, local addresses and phone
numbers, majors, year in school,
and marital status of all summer
quarter students.
Summer quarter student direc
tories will be sold at the ASSU
office and the Cellar magazine
counter this week, according to
directory chairman Ruby Yarvan.
The mimeographed 10-cent pub
lication includes name s, home
towns, local addresses and phone
numbers, majors, year in school,
and marital status of all summer
quarter students.
Summer quarter student direc
tories will be sold at the ASSU
office and the Cellar magazine
counter this week, according to
directory chairman Ruby Yarvan.
The mimeographed 10-cent pub
lication includes name s, home
towns, local addresses and phone
numbers, majors, year in school,
and marital status of all summer
quarter students.
Summer quarter student direc
tories will be sold at the ASSU
office and the Cellar magazine
counter this week, according to
directory chairman Ruby Yarvan.
The mimeographed 10-cent pub
lication includes name s, home
towns, local addresses and phone
numbers, majors, year in school,
and marital status of all summer
quarter students.
Summer quarter student direc
tories will be sold at the ASSU
office and the Cellar magazine
counter this week, according to
directory chairman Ruby Yarvan.
The mimeographed 10-cent pub
lication includes name s, home
towns, local addresses and phone
numbers, majors, year in school,
and marital status of all summer
quarter students.
Summer quarter student direc
tories will be sold at the ASSU
office and the Cellar magazine
counter this week, according to
directory chairman Ruby Yarvan.
The mimeographed 10-cent pub
lication includes name s, home
towns, local addresses and phone
numbers, majors, year in school,
and marital status of all summer
quarter students.
Summer quarter student direc
tories will be sold at the ASSU
office and the Cellar magazine
counter this week, according to
directory chairman Ruby Yarvan.
The mimeographed 10-cent pub
lication includes name s, home
towns, local addresses and phone
numbers, majors, year in school,
and marital status of all summer
quarter students.
