# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The action of the President of
the University in withholding of
ficial news from the Daily Palo
Alto and the correspondents of the
San Francisco papers does not, to
those affected by the order, seem
either just or wise. The President
claims that in the past news has
been misconstrued, and he cites a
particular case of misconstruction.
He does not claim that the impor
tant statements made in the in
stance cited were incorrect; but he
takes the position that the Daily
Palo Alto and the city correspon
dents, having no absolute official
statement on the matter in ques
tion, had not the right to state
what they believed to be the truth.
The fact that they had in their
hands evidence of the nature of the
proceedings of the Board of Trus
tees which could hardly be ques
tioned was no justification, in the
President's mind, of the fact that
they published matters which were
not given out officially.
Neither the Daily Palo Alto
nor the city papers can depend
upon official statements for their
news. It is notorious that official
statements frequently touch so
lightly on delicate topics- that the
real news vanishes. It is the busi
ness of editors and correspondents
to get the facta; that is what they
are elected or appointed for. They
are not mere figureheads, to accept
and print such documents as may
be prepared for them; they are
supposed to use thoir intelligence
to tell what those documents mean.
In handling the news of the col
lege community the Daily Palo
Alto and the San Francisco cor
respondents are conservative —ul-
tra conservative—by force of cir
cumstances. The University au
thorities have an excellent check,
and in addition the city papers do
not permit their correspondents to
indulge in falsehoods. It is not
claimed that inaccuracies do not

find their way into the columns of
the press; but it is asserted that
these inaccuracies are usually in
matters of small detail which
should cause no man to lose sleep.
* The services of the college corre
spondents of the San Francisco pa
pers to the University are great,
invaluable. The President of this
University has merely to look at
the treatment of other big univer
sities bv professional newspaper
men to come to a keen realization
of the benefit of having at his own
institution men who have a per
sonal interest in its welfare. The
ear of the correspondent here is
deaf to the scandal, big and little,
that may be picked up almost daily.
Thetfe would make excellent read
ing'for the patrons of the city
I ress, but the correspondent heeds
the still voice of his alma mater.
And the city paper, realizing the
delicate position of its representa
tive, seldom asks him to handle
such a story. The big stories, of
course, the correspondent must
handle; and he must handle them
to suit his paper, and not the
President of the University. Even
so, is it reasonable to presume that
the college or its officials would
fare so well at the hands of pro
fessional newspapermen? The
Daily Palo Alto looks back at its
record and that of the city corre
spondents without regret and be
lieves that the University itself
may well be proud of the men who
have in the past served it in news
paper positions.
