# For School Trustee.
## 
### 
In this week's issue of the Palo
Allan appears a communication,
signed by representative men of
Palo Alto, expressing their warm
appreciation of the services of Pro
fessor A. B. Show, of the History
department, during the last two
years as chairman of the school
board, in which position he has so
ably aided in shaping the educa
tional policy of the district.
Professor Show is also nominat
ed in the petition as a candidate
for school trustee for the ensuing
three years.
In this week's issue of the Palo
Allan appears a communication,
signed by representative men of
Palo Alto, expressing their warm
appreciation of the services of Pro
fessor A. B. Show, of the History
department, during the last two
years as chairman of the school
board, in which position he has so
ably aided in shaping the educa
tional policy of the district.
Professor Show is also nominat
ed in the petition as a candidate
for school trustee for the ensuing
three years.
In this week's issue of the Palo
Allan appears a communication,
signed by representative men of
Palo Alto, expressing their warm
appreciation of the services of Pro
fessor A. B. Show, of the History
department, during the last two
years as chairman of the school
board, in which position he has so
ably aided in shaping the educa
tional policy of the district.
Professor Show is also nominat
ed in the petition as a candidate
for school trustee for the ensuing
three years.
In this week's issue of the Palo
Allan appears a communication,
signed by representative men of
Palo Alto, expressing their warm
appreciation of the services of Pro
fessor A. B. Show, of the History
department, during the last two
years as chairman of the school
board, in which position he has so
ably aided in shaping the educa
tional policy of the district.
Professor Show is also nominat
ed in the petition as a candidate
for school trustee for the ensuing
three years.
In this week's issue of the Palo
Allan appears a communication,
signed by representative men of
Palo Alto, expressing their warm
appreciation of the services of Pro
fessor A. B. Show, of the History
department, during the last two
years as chairman of the school
board, in which position he has so
ably aided in shaping the educa
tional policy of the district.
Professor Show is also nominat
ed in the petition as a candidate
for school trustee for the ensuing
three years.
In this week's issue of the Palo
Allan appears a communication,
signed by representative men of
Palo Alto, expressing their warm
appreciation of the services of Pro
fessor A. B. Show, of the History
department, during the last two
years as chairman of the school
board, in which position he has so
ably aided in shaping the educa
tional policy of the district.
Professor Show is also nominat
ed in the petition as a candidate
for school trustee for the ensuing
three years.
In this week's issue of the Palo
Allan appears a communication,
signed by representative men of
Palo Alto, expressing their warm
appreciation of the services of Pro
fessor A. B. Show, of the History
department, during the last two
years as chairman of the school
board, in which position he has so
ably aided in shaping the educa
tional policy of the district.
Professor Show is also nominat
ed in the petition as a candidate
for school trustee for the ensuing
three years.
In this week's issue of the Palo
Allan appears a communication,
signed by representative men of
Palo Alto, expressing their warm
appreciation of the services of Pro
fessor A. B. Show, of the History
department, during the last two
years as chairman of the school
board, in which position he has so
ably aided in shaping the educa
tional policy of the district.
Professor Show is also nominat
ed in the petition as a candidate
for school trustee for the ensuing
three years.
In this week's issue of the Palo
Allan appears a communication,
signed by representative men of
Palo Alto, expressing their warm
appreciation of the services of Pro
fessor A. B. Show, of the History
department, during the last two
years as chairman of the school
board, in which position he has so
ably aided in shaping the educa
tional policy of the district.
Professor Show is also nominat
ed in the petition as a candidate
for school trustee for the ensuing
three years.
