# CLASS CAPTAINS ARE ELECTED
## Weinmann, Presley, and Bell Will Head Their Respective Baseball Teams. 
### 
The Junior and Sophomore base
ball men met this afternoon and
elected captains for their respective
class teams. G. J. Presley will
captain the 1907 nine and J. H.
Bell will head the 1908 team.
Presley played on bis class team
in bis freshman and sophomore
years. Last season he played first
base on the Varsity, and he is the
leading candidate for the same po
sition this year. Bell played on
his class team last year and was
also second base on the Varsity.
He has been holding down the
same bag for the Varsity this sea
son.
At a meeting of the Senior team,
held late this afternoon, L. R.
Weinmann was elected captain.
Weinmann has played on his class
team for the past three years and
was manager of this season's 1906
team.
The Junior and Sophomore base
ball men met this afternoon and
elected captains for their respective
class teams. G. J. Presley will
captain the 1907 nine and J. H.
Bell will head the 1908 team.
Presley played on bis class team
in bis freshman and sophomore
years. Last season he played first
base on the Varsity, and he is the
leading candidate for the same po
sition this year. Bell played on
his class team last year and was
also second base on the Varsity.
He has been holding down the
same bag for the Varsity this sea
son.
At a meeting of the Senior team,
held late this afternoon, L. R.
Weinmann was elected captain.
Weinmann has played on his class
team for the past three years and
was manager of this season's 1906
team.
The Junior and Sophomore base
ball men met this afternoon and
elected captains for their respective
class teams. G. J. Presley will
captain the 1907 nine and J. H.
Bell will head the 1908 team.
Presley played on bis class team
in bis freshman and sophomore
years. Last season he played first
base on the Varsity, and he is the
leading candidate for the same po
sition this year. Bell played on
his class team last year and was
also second base on the Varsity.
He has been holding down the
same bag for the Varsity this sea
son.
At a meeting of the Senior team,
held late this afternoon, L. R.
Weinmann was elected captain.
Weinmann has played on his class
team for the past three years and
was manager of this season's 1906
team.
The Junior and Sophomore base
ball men met this afternoon and
elected captains for their respective
class teams. G. J. Presley will
captain the 1907 nine and J. H.
Bell will head the 1908 team.
Presley played on bis class team
in bis freshman and sophomore
years. Last season he played first
base on the Varsity, and he is the
leading candidate for the same po
sition this year. Bell played on
his class team last year and was
also second base on the Varsity.
He has been holding down the
same bag for the Varsity this sea
son.
At a meeting of the Senior team,
held late this afternoon, L. R.
Weinmann was elected captain.
Weinmann has played on his class
team for the past three years and
was manager of this season's 1906
team.
The Junior and Sophomore base
ball men met this afternoon and
elected captains for their respective
class teams. G. J. Presley will
captain the 1907 nine and J. H.
Bell will head the 1908 team.
Presley played on bis class team
in bis freshman and sophomore
years. Last season he played first
base on the Varsity, and he is the
leading candidate for the same po
sition this year. Bell played on
his class team last year and was
also second base on the Varsity.
He has been holding down the
same bag for the Varsity this sea
son.
At a meeting of the Senior team,
held late this afternoon, L. R.
Weinmann was elected captain.
Weinmann has played on his class
team for the past three years and
was manager of this season's 1906
team.
The Junior and Sophomore base
ball men met this afternoon and
elected captains for their respective
class teams. G. J. Presley will
captain the 1907 nine and J. H.
Bell will head the 1908 team.
Presley played on bis class team
in bis freshman and sophomore
years. Last season he played first
base on the Varsity, and he is the
leading candidate for the same po
sition this year. Bell played on
his class team last year and was
also second base on the Varsity.
He has been holding down the
same bag for the Varsity this sea
son.
At a meeting of the Senior team,
held late this afternoon, L. R.
Weinmann was elected captain.
Weinmann has played on his class
team for the past three years and
was manager of this season's 1906
team.
The Junior and Sophomore base
ball men met this afternoon and
elected captains for their respective
class teams. G. J. Presley will
captain the 1907 nine and J. H.
Bell will head the 1908 team.
Presley played on bis class team
in bis freshman and sophomore
years. Last season he played first
base on the Varsity, and he is the
leading candidate for the same po
sition this year. Bell played on
his class team last year and was
also second base on the Varsity.
He has been holding down the
same bag for the Varsity this sea
son.
At a meeting of the Senior team,
held late this afternoon, L. R.
Weinmann was elected captain.
Weinmann has played on his class
team for the past three years and
was manager of this season's 1906
team.
The Junior and Sophomore base
ball men met this afternoon and
elected captains for their respective
class teams. G. J. Presley will
captain the 1907 nine and J. H.
Bell will head the 1908 team.
Presley played on bis class team
in bis freshman and sophomore
years. Last season he played first
base on the Varsity, and he is the
leading candidate for the same po
sition this year. Bell played on
his class team last year and was
also second base on the Varsity.
He has been holding down the
same bag for the Varsity this sea
son.
At a meeting of the Senior team,
held late this afternoon, L. R.
Weinmann was elected captain.
Weinmann has played on his class
team for the past three years and
was manager of this season's 1906
team.
The Junior and Sophomore base
ball men met this afternoon and
elected captains for their respective
class teams. G. J. Presley will
captain the 1907 nine and J. H.
Bell will head the 1908 team.
Presley played on bis class team
in bis freshman and sophomore
years. Last season he played first
base on the Varsity, and he is the
leading candidate for the same po
sition this year. Bell played on
his class team last year and was
also second base on the Varsity.
He has been holding down the
same bag for the Varsity this sea
son.
At a meeting of the Senior team,
held late this afternoon, L. R.
Weinmann was elected captain.
Weinmann has played on his class
team for the past three years and
was manager of this season's 1906
team.
