# "Chaparral" Will Appear Friday.
## 
### 
The Chaparral will be issued to
morrow. The number contains
editorials on the English Club and
the Sophomore play, with a com
plaint against the noise in Encina
Hall and a demand for faculty
protection.
The Chaparral will be issued to
morrow. The number contains
editorials on the English Club and
the Sophomore play, with a com
plaint against the noise in Encina
Hall and a demand for faculty
protection.
The Chaparral will be issued to
morrow. The number contains
editorials on the English Club and
the Sophomore play, with a com
plaint against the noise in Encina
Hall and a demand for faculty
protection.
The Chaparral will be issued to
morrow. The number contains
editorials on the English Club and
the Sophomore play, with a com
plaint against the noise in Encina
Hall and a demand for faculty
protection.
The Chaparral will be issued to
morrow. The number contains
editorials on the English Club and
the Sophomore play, with a com
plaint against the noise in Encina
Hall and a demand for faculty
protection.
The Chaparral will be issued to
morrow. The number contains
editorials on the English Club and
the Sophomore play, with a com
plaint against the noise in Encina
Hall and a demand for faculty
protection.
The Chaparral will be issued to
morrow. The number contains
editorials on the English Club and
the Sophomore play, with a com
plaint against the noise in Encina
Hall and a demand for faculty
protection.
The Chaparral will be issued to
morrow. The number contains
editorials on the English Club and
the Sophomore play, with a com
plaint against the noise in Encina
Hall and a demand for faculty
protection.
The Chaparral will be issued to
morrow. The number contains
editorials on the English Club and
the Sophomore play, with a com
plaint against the noise in Encina
Hall and a demand for faculty
protection.
