# Christmas Services.
## 
### 
A special musical program is be
ing prepared for the Christmas ser
vices in the chapel next Sunday.
Professor Alden will deliver the
sermon.
A special musical program is be
ing prepared for the Christmas ser
vices in the chapel next Sunday.
Professor Alden will deliver the
sermon.
A special musical program is be
ing prepared for the Christmas ser
vices in the chapel next Sunday.
Professor Alden will deliver the
sermon.
A special musical program is be
ing prepared for the Christmas ser
vices in the chapel next Sunday.
Professor Alden will deliver the
sermon.
A special musical program is be
ing prepared for the Christmas ser
vices in the chapel next Sunday.
Professor Alden will deliver the
sermon.
A special musical program is be
ing prepared for the Christmas ser
vices in the chapel next Sunday.
Professor Alden will deliver the
sermon.
A special musical program is be
ing prepared for the Christmas ser
vices in the chapel next Sunday.
Professor Alden will deliver the
sermon.
A special musical program is be
ing prepared for the Christmas ser
vices in the chapel next Sunday.
Professor Alden will deliver the
sermon.
