# CAMERON DIRECTS SUNDAY SYMPHONY
## 
### Emery Bingley 
The program directed by Basil Cam
eron at the Woodland Theater in Hills
borough Sunday was for the most part
brilliant, although at times slight
weaknesses in the orchestra were evi
dent.
On the whole Mr. Cameron's direc
tion was quite commendable. Tschai
kowsky's fifth symphony was played as
the composer intended it to be, the
director permitting the masterpiece to
speak for itself.
The second half of the program, in
cluding the Overture and Venusberg
music from "Tannhauser," was ren
dered almost precisely as it was writ
ten and seemed to lack the volume and
coarseness it was intended to carry.
But this was almost completely over
shadowed by the excellent manner in
which Mr. Cameron emphasized the or
chestral qualities of the number.
The program directed by Basil Cam
eron at the Woodland Theater in Hills
borough Sunday was for the most part
brilliant, although at times slight
weaknesses in the orchestra were evi
dent.
On the whole Mr. Cameron's direc
tion was quite commendable. Tschai
kowsky's fifth symphony was played as
the composer intended it to be, the
director permitting the masterpiece to
speak for itself.
The second half of the program, in
cluding the Overture and Venusberg
music from "Tannhauser," was ren
dered almost precisely as it was writ
ten and seemed to lack the volume and
coarseness it was intended to carry.
But this was almost completely over
shadowed by the excellent manner in
which Mr. Cameron emphasized the or
chestral qualities of the number.
The program directed by Basil Cam
eron at the Woodland Theater in Hills
borough Sunday was for the most part
brilliant, although at times slight
weaknesses in the orchestra were evi
dent.
On the whole Mr. Cameron's direc
tion was quite commendable. Tschai
kowsky's fifth symphony was played as
the composer intended it to be, the
director permitting the masterpiece to
speak for itself.
The second half of the program, in
cluding the Overture and Venusberg
music from "Tannhauser," was ren
dered almost precisely as it was writ
ten and seemed to lack the volume and
coarseness it was intended to carry.
But this was almost completely over
shadowed by the excellent manner in
which Mr. Cameron emphasized the or
chestral qualities of the number.
The program directed by Basil Cam
eron at the Woodland Theater in Hills
borough Sunday was for the most part
brilliant, although at times slight
weaknesses in the orchestra were evi
dent.
On the whole Mr. Cameron's direc
tion was quite commendable. Tschai
kowsky's fifth symphony was played as
the composer intended it to be, the
director permitting the masterpiece to
speak for itself.
The second half of the program, in
cluding the Overture and Venusberg
music from "Tannhauser," was ren
dered almost precisely as it was writ
ten and seemed to lack the volume and
coarseness it was intended to carry.
But this was almost completely over
shadowed by the excellent manner in
which Mr. Cameron emphasized the or
chestral qualities of the number.
The program directed by Basil Cam
eron at the Woodland Theater in Hills
borough Sunday was for the most part
brilliant, although at times slight
weaknesses in the orchestra were evi
dent.
On the whole Mr. Cameron's direc
tion was quite commendable. Tschai
kowsky's fifth symphony was played as
the composer intended it to be, the
director permitting the masterpiece to
speak for itself.
The second half of the program, in
cluding the Overture and Venusberg
music from "Tannhauser," was ren
dered almost precisely as it was writ
ten and seemed to lack the volume and
coarseness it was intended to carry.
But this was almost completely over
shadowed by the excellent manner in
which Mr. Cameron emphasized the or
chestral qualities of the number.
The program directed by Basil Cam
eron at the Woodland Theater in Hills
borough Sunday was for the most part
brilliant, although at times slight
weaknesses in the orchestra were evi
dent.
On the whole Mr. Cameron's direc
tion was quite commendable. Tschai
kowsky's fifth symphony was played as
the composer intended it to be, the
director permitting the masterpiece to
speak for itself.
The second half of the program, in
cluding the Overture and Venusberg
music from "Tannhauser," was ren
dered almost precisely as it was writ
ten and seemed to lack the volume and
coarseness it was intended to carry.
But this was almost completely over
shadowed by the excellent manner in
which Mr. Cameron emphasized the or
chestral qualities of the number.
The program directed by Basil Cam
eron at the Woodland Theater in Hills
borough Sunday was for the most part
brilliant, although at times slight
weaknesses in the orchestra were evi
dent.
On the whole Mr. Cameron's direc
tion was quite commendable. Tschai
kowsky's fifth symphony was played as
the composer intended it to be, the
director permitting the masterpiece to
speak for itself.
The second half of the program, in
cluding the Overture and Venusberg
music from "Tannhauser," was ren
dered almost precisely as it was writ
ten and seemed to lack the volume and
coarseness it was intended to carry.
But this was almost completely over
shadowed by the excellent manner in
which Mr. Cameron emphasized the or
chestral qualities of the number.
The program directed by Basil Cam
eron at the Woodland Theater in Hills
borough Sunday was for the most part
brilliant, although at times slight
weaknesses in the orchestra were evi
dent.
On the whole Mr. Cameron's direc
tion was quite commendable. Tschai
kowsky's fifth symphony was played as
the composer intended it to be, the
director permitting the masterpiece to
speak for itself.
The second half of the program, in
cluding the Overture and Venusberg
music from "Tannhauser," was ren
dered almost precisely as it was writ
ten and seemed to lack the volume and
coarseness it was intended to carry.
But this was almost completely over
shadowed by the excellent manner in
which Mr. Cameron emphasized the or
chestral qualities of the number.
The program directed by Basil Cam
eron at the Woodland Theater in Hills
borough Sunday was for the most part
brilliant, although at times slight
weaknesses in the orchestra were evi
dent.
On the whole Mr. Cameron's direc
tion was quite commendable. Tschai
kowsky's fifth symphony was played as
the composer intended it to be, the
director permitting the masterpiece to
speak for itself.
The second half of the program, in
cluding the Overture and Venusberg
music from "Tannhauser," was ren
dered almost precisely as it was writ
ten and seemed to lack the volume and
coarseness it was intended to carry.
But this was almost completely over
shadowed by the excellent manner in
which Mr. Cameron emphasized the or
chestral qualities of the number.
The program directed by Basil Cam
eron at the Woodland Theater in Hills
borough Sunday was for the most part
brilliant, although at times slight
weaknesses in the orchestra were evi
dent.
On the whole Mr. Cameron's direc
tion was quite commendable. Tschai
kowsky's fifth symphony was played as
the composer intended it to be, the
director permitting the masterpiece to
speak for itself.
The second half of the program, in
cluding the Overture and Venusberg
music from "Tannhauser," was ren
dered almost precisely as it was writ
ten and seemed to lack the volume and
coarseness it was intended to carry.
But this was almost completely over
shadowed by the excellent manner in
which Mr. Cameron emphasized the or
chestral qualities of the number.
The program directed by Basil Cam
eron at the Woodland Theater in Hills
borough Sunday was for the most part
brilliant, although at times slight
weaknesses in the orchestra were evi
dent.
On the whole Mr. Cameron's direc
tion was quite commendable. Tschai
kowsky's fifth symphony was played as
the composer intended it to be, the
director permitting the masterpiece to
speak for itself.
The second half of the program, in
cluding the Overture and Venusberg
music from "Tannhauser," was ren
dered almost precisely as it was writ
ten and seemed to lack the volume and
coarseness it was intended to carry.
But this was almost completely over
shadowed by the excellent manner in
which Mr. Cameron emphasized the or
chestral qualities of the number.
The program directed by Basil Cam
eron at the Woodland Theater in Hills
borough Sunday was for the most part
brilliant, although at times slight
weaknesses in the orchestra were evi
dent.
On the whole Mr. Cameron's direc
tion was quite commendable. Tschai
kowsky's fifth symphony was played as
the composer intended it to be, the
director permitting the masterpiece to
speak for itself.
The second half of the program, in
cluding the Overture and Venusberg
music from "Tannhauser," was ren
dered almost precisely as it was writ
ten and seemed to lack the volume and
coarseness it was intended to carry.
But this was almost completely over
shadowed by the excellent manner in
which Mr. Cameron emphasized the or
chestral qualities of the number.
The program directed by Basil Cam
eron at the Woodland Theater in Hills
borough Sunday was for the most part
brilliant, although at times slight
weaknesses in the orchestra were evi
dent.
On the whole Mr. Cameron's direc
tion was quite commendable. Tschai
kowsky's fifth symphony was played as
the composer intended it to be, the
director permitting the masterpiece to
speak for itself.
The second half of the program, in
cluding the Overture and Venusberg
music from "Tannhauser," was ren
dered almost precisely as it was writ
ten and seemed to lack the volume and
coarseness it was intended to carry.
But this was almost completely over
shadowed by the excellent manner in
which Mr. Cameron emphasized the or
chestral qualities of the number.
The program directed by Basil Cam
eron at the Woodland Theater in Hills
borough Sunday was for the most part
brilliant, although at times slight
weaknesses in the orchestra were evi
dent.
On the whole Mr. Cameron's direc
tion was quite commendable. Tschai
kowsky's fifth symphony was played as
the composer intended it to be, the
director permitting the masterpiece to
speak for itself.
The second half of the program, in
cluding the Overture and Venusberg
music from "Tannhauser," was ren
dered almost precisely as it was writ
ten and seemed to lack the volume and
coarseness it was intended to carry.
But this was almost completely over
shadowed by the excellent manner in
which Mr. Cameron emphasized the or
chestral qualities of the number.
The program directed by Basil Cam
eron at the Woodland Theater in Hills
borough Sunday was for the most part
brilliant, although at times slight
weaknesses in the orchestra were evi
dent.
On the whole Mr. Cameron's direc
tion was quite commendable. Tschai
kowsky's fifth symphony was played as
the composer intended it to be, the
director permitting the masterpiece to
speak for itself.
The second half of the program, in
cluding the Overture and Venusberg
music from "Tannhauser," was ren
dered almost precisely as it was writ
ten and seemed to lack the volume and
coarseness it was intended to carry.
But this was almost completely over
shadowed by the excellent manner in
which Mr. Cameron emphasized the or
chestral qualities of the number.
