# SES Discussions
## 
### 
The locations for the SES topical dis
cussion groups have been announced.
All groups will meet from 9-11:30 and
12:30-2 on February 11. Topics and
locations are: The Freshman Year, Tre
sidder Rm. 270; Distribution Policies
and Requirements, Tresidder Large
Lounge: Special Programs, Soto; Calen
dar and Schedule, Serra; Examinations
and Grading, Madera; University
Housing, Larkin; Fraternities, Uonner;
and Campus Community, Itranner.
The locations for the SES topical dis
cussion groups have been announced.
All groups will meet from 9-11:30 and
12:30-2 on February 11. Topics and
locations are: The Freshman Year, Tre
sidder Rm. 270; Distribution Policies
and Requirements, Tresidder Large
Lounge: Special Programs, Soto; Calen
dar and Schedule, Serra; Examinations
and Grading, Madera; University
Housing, Larkin; Fraternities, Uonner;
and Campus Community, Itranner.
The locations for the SES topical dis
cussion groups have been announced.
All groups will meet from 9-11:30 and
12:30-2 on February 11. Topics and
locations are: The Freshman Year, Tre
sidder Rm. 270; Distribution Policies
and Requirements, Tresidder Large
Lounge: Special Programs, Soto; Calen
dar and Schedule, Serra; Examinations
and Grading, Madera; University
Housing, Larkin; Fraternities, Uonner;
and Campus Community, Itranner.
The locations for the SES topical dis
cussion groups have been announced.
All groups will meet from 9-11:30 and
12:30-2 on February 11. Topics and
locations are: The Freshman Year, Tre
sidder Rm. 270; Distribution Policies
and Requirements, Tresidder Large
Lounge: Special Programs, Soto; Calen
dar and Schedule, Serra; Examinations
and Grading, Madera; University
Housing, Larkin; Fraternities, Uonner;
and Campus Community, Itranner.
The locations for the SES topical dis
cussion groups have been announced.
All groups will meet from 9-11:30 and
12:30-2 on February 11. Topics and
locations are: The Freshman Year, Tre
sidder Rm. 270; Distribution Policies
and Requirements, Tresidder Large
Lounge: Special Programs, Soto; Calen
dar and Schedule, Serra; Examinations
and Grading, Madera; University
Housing, Larkin; Fraternities, Uonner;
and Campus Community, Itranner.
The locations for the SES topical dis
cussion groups have been announced.
All groups will meet from 9-11:30 and
12:30-2 on February 11. Topics and
locations are: The Freshman Year, Tre
sidder Rm. 270; Distribution Policies
and Requirements, Tresidder Large
Lounge: Special Programs, Soto; Calen
dar and Schedule, Serra; Examinations
and Grading, Madera; University
Housing, Larkin; Fraternities, Uonner;
and Campus Community, Itranner.
The locations for the SES topical dis
cussion groups have been announced.
All groups will meet from 9-11:30 and
12:30-2 on February 11. Topics and
locations are: The Freshman Year, Tre
sidder Rm. 270; Distribution Policies
and Requirements, Tresidder Large
Lounge: Special Programs, Soto; Calen
dar and Schedule, Serra; Examinations
and Grading, Madera; University
Housing, Larkin; Fraternities, Uonner;
and Campus Community, Itranner.
The locations for the SES topical dis
cussion groups have been announced.
All groups will meet from 9-11:30 and
12:30-2 on February 11. Topics and
locations are: The Freshman Year, Tre
sidder Rm. 270; Distribution Policies
and Requirements, Tresidder Large
Lounge: Special Programs, Soto; Calen
dar and Schedule, Serra; Examinations
and Grading, Madera; University
Housing, Larkin; Fraternities, Uonner;
and Campus Community, Itranner.
The locations for the SES topical dis
cussion groups have been announced.
All groups will meet from 9-11:30 and
12:30-2 on February 11. Topics and
locations are: The Freshman Year, Tre
sidder Rm. 270; Distribution Policies
and Requirements, Tresidder Large
Lounge: Special Programs, Soto; Calen
dar and Schedule, Serra; Examinations
and Grading, Madera; University
Housing, Larkin; Fraternities, Uonner;
and Campus Community, Itranner.
The locations for the SES topical dis
cussion groups have been announced.
All groups will meet from 9-11:30 and
12:30-2 on February 11. Topics and
locations are: The Freshman Year, Tre
sidder Rm. 270; Distribution Policies
and Requirements, Tresidder Large
Lounge: Special Programs, Soto; Calen
dar and Schedule, Serra; Examinations
and Grading, Madera; University
Housing, Larkin; Fraternities, Uonner;
and Campus Community, Itranner.
The locations for the SES topical dis
cussion groups have been announced.
All groups will meet from 9-11:30 and
12:30-2 on February 11. Topics and
locations are: The Freshman Year, Tre
sidder Rm. 270; Distribution Policies
and Requirements, Tresidder Large
Lounge: Special Programs, Soto; Calen
dar and Schedule, Serra; Examinations
and Grading, Madera; University
Housing, Larkin; Fraternities, Uonner;
and Campus Community, Itranner.
The locations for the SES topical dis
cussion groups have been announced.
All groups will meet from 9-11:30 and
12:30-2 on February 11. Topics and
locations are: The Freshman Year, Tre
sidder Rm. 270; Distribution Policies
and Requirements, Tresidder Large
Lounge: Special Programs, Soto; Calen
dar and Schedule, Serra; Examinations
and Grading, Madera; University
Housing, Larkin; Fraternities, Uonner;
and Campus Community, Itranner.
The locations for the SES topical dis
cussion groups have been announced.
All groups will meet from 9-11:30 and
12:30-2 on February 11. Topics and
locations are: The Freshman Year, Tre
sidder Rm. 270; Distribution Policies
and Requirements, Tresidder Large
Lounge: Special Programs, Soto; Calen
dar and Schedule, Serra; Examinations
and Grading, Madera; University
Housing, Larkin; Fraternities, Uonner;
and Campus Community, Itranner.
The locations for the SES topical dis
cussion groups have been announced.
All groups will meet from 9-11:30 and
12:30-2 on February 11. Topics and
locations are: The Freshman Year, Tre
sidder Rm. 270; Distribution Policies
and Requirements, Tresidder Large
Lounge: Special Programs, Soto; Calen
dar and Schedule, Serra; Examinations
and Grading, Madera; University
Housing, Larkin; Fraternities, Uonner;
and Campus Community, Itranner.
