# Adlai Tickets at ASSU
## 
### 
Purchasers oI Stevenson tickets
can trade in their receipts for
tickets tomorrow at the ASSU
office or the second floor of the
Union Building.
Purchasers oI Stevenson tickets
can trade in their receipts for
tickets tomorrow at the ASSU
office or the second floor of the
Union Building.
Purchasers oI Stevenson tickets
can trade in their receipts for
tickets tomorrow at the ASSU
office or the second floor of the
Union Building.
Purchasers oI Stevenson tickets
can trade in their receipts for
tickets tomorrow at the ASSU
office or the second floor of the
Union Building.
Purchasers oI Stevenson tickets
can trade in their receipts for
tickets tomorrow at the ASSU
office or the second floor of the
Union Building.
Purchasers oI Stevenson tickets
can trade in their receipts for
tickets tomorrow at the ASSU
office or the second floor of the
Union Building.
Purchasers oI Stevenson tickets
can trade in their receipts for
tickets tomorrow at the ASSU
office or the second floor of the
Union Building.
Purchasers oI Stevenson tickets
can trade in their receipts for
tickets tomorrow at the ASSU
office or the second floor of the
Union Building.
Purchasers oI Stevenson tickets
can trade in their receipts for
tickets tomorrow at the ASSU
office or the second floor of the
Union Building.
Purchasers oI Stevenson tickets
can trade in their receipts for
tickets tomorrow at the ASSU
office or the second floor of the
Union Building.
Purchasers oI Stevenson tickets
can trade in their receipts for
tickets tomorrow at the ASSU
office or the second floor of the
Union Building.
Purchasers oI Stevenson tickets
can trade in their receipts for
tickets tomorrow at the ASSU
office or the second floor of the
Union Building.
Purchasers oI Stevenson tickets
can trade in their receipts for
tickets tomorrow at the ASSU
office or the second floor of the
Union Building.
Purchasers oI Stevenson tickets
can trade in their receipts for
tickets tomorrow at the ASSU
office or the second floor of the
Union Building.
Purchasers oI Stevenson tickets
can trade in their receipts for
tickets tomorrow at the ASSU
office or the second floor of the
Union Building.
Purchasers oI Stevenson tickets
can trade in their receipts for
tickets tomorrow at the ASSU
office or the second floor of the
Union Building.
Purchasers oI Stevenson tickets
can trade in their receipts for
tickets tomorrow at the ASSU
office or the second floor of the
Union Building.
