# Library Extends Copy Service
## 
### 
Beginning this quarter, the
University Libraries will extend
its copying services. A further ex
tension will occur about the first
of January. This quarter’s exten
sion is for faculty only.
Any faculty member wishing a
photocopy of a publication in the
Library’s collections may tele
phone his request to the Humani
ties and Social Sciences Division
(Local 2018, 2019), or should tele
phone the Documents Division for
official government publications.
(L0ca12727). If the items is not
located in the Library, the request
will be met by interlibrary loan.
The fee for this copying service
will bo a uniform 12 cents per
sheet.
