# INDIANA
## Early Primary Returns Show Nixon in Lead 
### 
(/Pi - Vice President Richard M.
Nixon forged in front of Demo
cratic Sen. John F. Kennedy late
yesterday after trailing in the
early count from Indiana's presi
dential preference primary.
In the District of Columbia.
Sen. Hubert 11. Humphrey of
Minneota grabbed an apparently
commanding 3-2 lead over Sen.
Wayne Morse of Oregon in a
Democratic presidential popular
ity contest.
With 1,970 of 4,261 precincts
counted in Indiana, Nixon had
201,604 votes on the Republican
ballot. In the same number of
precincts, Kennedy had 170.688.
Kennedy and Nixon were run
ning separately, with only token
opposition, but their vote totals
were being watched for a possible
clue to their comparative pulling
power.
Both men were asured of Indi
ana's first ballot delegate votes
32 for Nixon and 34 for Kennedy
at their party's respective nomi
nating conventions next July.
With 68 boxes out of a total of
142 partially counted in the Dis
trict's Democratic presidential
preference contest. Humphrey led
Morse, 2.258 to 1.509.
In a parallel poll, a Humphrey
slate of delegates was ahead of a
Morse slate, while a roster prom
ised to Adlai E. Stevenson trailed
the others. Stevenson had disa
vowed the slate entered in his be
half.
At stake in the Democratic pri
mary were eight of the District's
nine convention votes. The other
vote is to be split between the
capital's Democratic national com
mitteeman and commit teewoman.
