# Adv. 63 Page 15
## 
### 
SUMMER JOBS
SUMMER TENNIS INSTRUCTORS
Excellent Menlo Park program
seeks enthusiastic individuals
with experience with children.
June 12-July 21, Ipm-s:3opm or
July 24-Aug 18, 9am-12pm. $12-
15/ hr. Call 650-323-2261
Castilleja School
Summer Programs for Girls
Palo Alto
Are you thinking of going
corporate? Do you have a desk
job in your future? How about
one more summer of FUN and
SUNSHINE? We're looking for
creative and energetic people to
staff our summer programs.
Great pay, food and colleagues.
Call Nancy Nagramada @ 650-
328-3160 xlO9, email
nancy_nagramada@castilleja.org
or visit www.castilleja.org.
Staff Positions: camp counselors,
math, science and tech teachers
Summer leadership position:
Summer Camp Director, available
May-Aug, admin, exp. and
bachelor's degree required
SUMMER JOBS for teachers &
aides. Palo Alto District-Child
Devt. Centers. Reg. positions
also. Exc. pay. 856-0876
TRAVEL
ITALY, Tuscany 2bdrm hse. Great
loc./trans. $400/wk 415-587-8505
