# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Mac Attack
Stanford's Patrick
McEnroe is making his
own reputation on the
Farm's tennis courts.
Page I 1

Dr. QB
Former quarterback Don
Bunce now makes all his
calls as Stanford's team
physician.
Page 12

Lashing Out
President Reagan calls
Khadafi "the mad dog of
the Middle East."
Page 14

Mac Attack
Stanford's Patrick
McEnroe is making his
own reputation on the
Farm's tennis courts.
Page I 1

Dr. QB
Former quarterback Don
Bunce now makes all his
calls as Stanford's team
physician.
Page 12

Lashing Out
President Reagan calls
Khadafi "the mad dog of
the Middle East."
Page 14

Mac Attack
Stanford's Patrick
McEnroe is making his
own reputation on the
Farm's tennis courts.
Page I 1

Dr. QB
Former quarterback Don
Bunce now makes all his
calls as Stanford's team
physician.
Page 12

Lashing Out
President Reagan calls
Khadafi "the mad dog of
the Middle East."
Page 14

Mac Attack
Stanford's Patrick
McEnroe is making his
own reputation on the
Farm's tennis courts.
Page I 1

Dr. QB
Former quarterback Don
Bunce now makes all his
calls as Stanford's team
physician.
Page 12

Lashing Out
President Reagan calls
Khadafi "the mad dog of
the Middle East."
Page 14

Mac Attack
Stanford's Patrick
McEnroe is making his
own reputation on the
Farm's tennis courts.
Page I 1

Dr. QB
Former quarterback Don
Bunce now makes all his
calls as Stanford's team
physician.
Page 12

Lashing Out
President Reagan calls
Khadafi "the mad dog of
the Middle East."
Page 14

Mac Attack
Stanford's Patrick
McEnroe is making his
own reputation on the
Farm's tennis courts.
Page I 1

Dr. QB
Former quarterback Don
Bunce now makes all his
calls as Stanford's team
physician.
Page 12

Lashing Out
President Reagan calls
Khadafi "the mad dog of
the Middle East."
Page 14

Mac Attack
Stanford's Patrick
McEnroe is making his
own reputation on the
Farm's tennis courts.
Page I 1

Dr. QB
Former quarterback Don
Bunce now makes all his
calls as Stanford's team
physician.
Page 12

Lashing Out
President Reagan calls
Khadafi "the mad dog of
the Middle East."
Page 14

Mac Attack
Stanford's Patrick
McEnroe is making his
own reputation on the
Farm's tennis courts.
Page I 1

Dr. QB
Former quarterback Don
Bunce now makes all his
calls as Stanford's team
physician.
Page 12

Lashing Out
President Reagan calls
Khadafi "the mad dog of
the Middle East."
Page 14

