# WET OUT FOR HOOVER
## 
### 
CINCINNATI, Oct. 6. (JP)—Julius
Fleischmann, local Republican lead
er, called on Liberals of the Nation
to vote for l'e-election of President
Hoover and "back him up with wet
senators and wet congressmen" in a
statement issued yesterday.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 6. (JP)—Julius
Fleischmann, local Republican lead
er, called on Liberals of the Nation
to vote for l'e-election of President
Hoover and "back him up with wet
senators and wet congressmen" in a
statement issued yesterday.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 6. (JP)—Julius
Fleischmann, local Republican lead
er, called on Liberals of the Nation
to vote for l'e-election of President
Hoover and "back him up with wet
senators and wet congressmen" in a
statement issued yesterday.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 6. (JP)—Julius
Fleischmann, local Republican lead
er, called on Liberals of the Nation
to vote for l'e-election of President
Hoover and "back him up with wet
senators and wet congressmen" in a
statement issued yesterday.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 6. (JP)—Julius
Fleischmann, local Republican lead
er, called on Liberals of the Nation
to vote for l'e-election of President
Hoover and "back him up with wet
senators and wet congressmen" in a
statement issued yesterday.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 6. (JP)—Julius
Fleischmann, local Republican lead
er, called on Liberals of the Nation
to vote for l'e-election of President
Hoover and "back him up with wet
senators and wet congressmen" in a
statement issued yesterday.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 6. (JP)—Julius
Fleischmann, local Republican lead
er, called on Liberals of the Nation
to vote for l'e-election of President
Hoover and "back him up with wet
senators and wet congressmen" in a
statement issued yesterday.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 6. (JP)—Julius
Fleischmann, local Republican lead
er, called on Liberals of the Nation
to vote for l'e-election of President
Hoover and "back him up with wet
senators and wet congressmen" in a
statement issued yesterday.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 6. (JP)—Julius
Fleischmann, local Republican lead
er, called on Liberals of the Nation
to vote for l'e-election of President
Hoover and "back him up with wet
senators and wet congressmen" in a
statement issued yesterday.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 6. (JP)—Julius
Fleischmann, local Republican lead
er, called on Liberals of the Nation
to vote for l'e-election of President
Hoover and "back him up with wet
senators and wet congressmen" in a
statement issued yesterday.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 6. (JP)—Julius
Fleischmann, local Republican lead
er, called on Liberals of the Nation
to vote for l'e-election of President
Hoover and "back him up with wet
senators and wet congressmen" in a
statement issued yesterday.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 6. (JP)—Julius
Fleischmann, local Republican lead
er, called on Liberals of the Nation
to vote for l'e-election of President
Hoover and "back him up with wet
senators and wet congressmen" in a
statement issued yesterday.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 6. (JP)—Julius
Fleischmann, local Republican lead
er, called on Liberals of the Nation
to vote for l'e-election of President
Hoover and "back him up with wet
senators and wet congressmen" in a
statement issued yesterday.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 6. (JP)—Julius
Fleischmann, local Republican lead
er, called on Liberals of the Nation
to vote for l'e-election of President
Hoover and "back him up with wet
senators and wet congressmen" in a
statement issued yesterday.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 6. (JP)—Julius
Fleischmann, local Republican lead
er, called on Liberals of the Nation
to vote for l'e-election of President
Hoover and "back him up with wet
senators and wet congressmen" in a
statement issued yesterday.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 6. (JP)—Julius
Fleischmann, local Republican lead
er, called on Liberals of the Nation
to vote for l'e-election of President
Hoover and "back him up with wet
senators and wet congressmen" in a
statement issued yesterday.
