# Pill SIG PLEDGES
## 
### 
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Roland, '33, ai d
Berl Norman, '34.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Roland, '33, ai d
Berl Norman, '34.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Roland, '33, ai d
Berl Norman, '34.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Roland, '33, ai d
Berl Norman, '34.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Roland, '33, ai d
Berl Norman, '34.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Roland, '33, ai d
Berl Norman, '34.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Roland, '33, ai d
Berl Norman, '34.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Roland, '33, ai d
Berl Norman, '34.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Roland, '33, ai d
Berl Norman, '34.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Roland, '33, ai d
Berl Norman, '34.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Roland, '33, ai d
Berl Norman, '34.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Roland, '33, ai d
Berl Norman, '34.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Roland, '33, ai d
Berl Norman, '34.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Roland, '33, ai d
Berl Norman, '34.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Roland, '33, ai d
Berl Norman, '34.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Roland, '33, ai d
Berl Norman, '34.
