# Socialist Chief Scores Relief Plans Of Parties
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 6 (&)—
Norman Thomas, socialist candidate
for President, charged the Republi
can and Democratic parties with
proposing "nothing adequately to re
lieve" unemployment, "much less
cure," in a campaign address here
today.
Thomas, speaking before the San
Francisco Center, California League
of Women Voters, declared unem
ployment "is the most urgent of our
social problems."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 6 (&)—
Norman Thomas, socialist candidate
for President, charged the Republi
can and Democratic parties with
proposing "nothing adequately to re
lieve" unemployment, "much less
cure," in a campaign address here
today.
Thomas, speaking before the San
Francisco Center, California League
of Women Voters, declared unem
ployment "is the most urgent of our
social problems."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 6 (&)—
Norman Thomas, socialist candidate
for President, charged the Republi
can and Democratic parties with
proposing "nothing adequately to re
lieve" unemployment, "much less
cure," in a campaign address here
today.
Thomas, speaking before the San
Francisco Center, California League
of Women Voters, declared unem
ployment "is the most urgent of our
social problems."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 6 (&)—
Norman Thomas, socialist candidate
for President, charged the Republi
can and Democratic parties with
proposing "nothing adequately to re
lieve" unemployment, "much less
cure," in a campaign address here
today.
Thomas, speaking before the San
Francisco Center, California League
of Women Voters, declared unem
ployment "is the most urgent of our
social problems."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 6 (&)—
Norman Thomas, socialist candidate
for President, charged the Republi
can and Democratic parties with
proposing "nothing adequately to re
lieve" unemployment, "much less
cure," in a campaign address here
today.
Thomas, speaking before the San
Francisco Center, California League
of Women Voters, declared unem
ployment "is the most urgent of our
social problems."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 6 (&)—
Norman Thomas, socialist candidate
for President, charged the Republi
can and Democratic parties with
proposing "nothing adequately to re
lieve" unemployment, "much less
cure," in a campaign address here
today.
Thomas, speaking before the San
Francisco Center, California League
of Women Voters, declared unem
ployment "is the most urgent of our
social problems."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 6 (&)—
Norman Thomas, socialist candidate
for President, charged the Republi
can and Democratic parties with
proposing "nothing adequately to re
lieve" unemployment, "much less
cure," in a campaign address here
today.
Thomas, speaking before the San
Francisco Center, California League
of Women Voters, declared unem
ployment "is the most urgent of our
social problems."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 6 (&)—
Norman Thomas, socialist candidate
for President, charged the Republi
can and Democratic parties with
proposing "nothing adequately to re
lieve" unemployment, "much less
cure," in a campaign address here
today.
Thomas, speaking before the San
Francisco Center, California League
of Women Voters, declared unem
ployment "is the most urgent of our
social problems."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 6 (&)—
Norman Thomas, socialist candidate
for President, charged the Republi
can and Democratic parties with
proposing "nothing adequately to re
lieve" unemployment, "much less
cure," in a campaign address here
today.
Thomas, speaking before the San
Francisco Center, California League
of Women Voters, declared unem
ployment "is the most urgent of our
social problems."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 6 (&)—
Norman Thomas, socialist candidate
for President, charged the Republi
can and Democratic parties with
proposing "nothing adequately to re
lieve" unemployment, "much less
cure," in a campaign address here
today.
Thomas, speaking before the San
Francisco Center, California League
of Women Voters, declared unem
ployment "is the most urgent of our
social problems."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 6 (&)—
Norman Thomas, socialist candidate
for President, charged the Republi
can and Democratic parties with
proposing "nothing adequately to re
lieve" unemployment, "much less
cure," in a campaign address here
today.
Thomas, speaking before the San
Francisco Center, California League
of Women Voters, declared unem
ployment "is the most urgent of our
social problems."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 6 (&)—
Norman Thomas, socialist candidate
for President, charged the Republi
can and Democratic parties with
proposing "nothing adequately to re
lieve" unemployment, "much less
cure," in a campaign address here
today.
Thomas, speaking before the San
Francisco Center, California League
of Women Voters, declared unem
ployment "is the most urgent of our
social problems."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 6 (&)—
Norman Thomas, socialist candidate
for President, charged the Republi
can and Democratic parties with
proposing "nothing adequately to re
lieve" unemployment, "much less
cure," in a campaign address here
today.
Thomas, speaking before the San
Francisco Center, California League
of Women Voters, declared unem
ployment "is the most urgent of our
social problems."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 6 (&)—
Norman Thomas, socialist candidate
for President, charged the Republi
can and Democratic parties with
proposing "nothing adequately to re
lieve" unemployment, "much less
cure," in a campaign address here
today.
Thomas, speaking before the San
Francisco Center, California League
of Women Voters, declared unem
ployment "is the most urgent of our
social problems."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 6 (&)—
Norman Thomas, socialist candidate
for President, charged the Republi
can and Democratic parties with
proposing "nothing adequately to re
lieve" unemployment, "much less
cure," in a campaign address here
today.
Thomas, speaking before the San
Francisco Center, California League
of Women Voters, declared unem
ployment "is the most urgent of our
social problems."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 6 (&)—
Norman Thomas, socialist candidate
for President, charged the Republi
can and Democratic parties with
proposing "nothing adequately to re
lieve" unemployment, "much less
cure," in a campaign address here
today.
Thomas, speaking before the San
Francisco Center, California League
of Women Voters, declared unem
ployment "is the most urgent of our
social problems."
