# Takes Blame
## 
### 

Paul Callicotto, mystery man of
Portland, whose story about his un
witting participation in San Fran
cisco's 191 C» bomb outrage is doubted
by city police.

Paul Callicotto, mystery man of
Portland, whose story about his un
witting participation in San Fran
cisco's 191 C» bomb outrage is doubted
by city police.

Paul Callicotto, mystery man of
Portland, whose story about his un
witting participation in San Fran
cisco's 191 C» bomb outrage is doubted
by city police.

Paul Callicotto, mystery man of
Portland, whose story about his un
witting participation in San Fran
cisco's 191 C» bomb outrage is doubted
by city police.

Paul Callicotto, mystery man of
Portland, whose story about his un
witting participation in San Fran
cisco's 191 C» bomb outrage is doubted
by city police.

Paul Callicotto, mystery man of
Portland, whose story about his un
witting participation in San Fran
cisco's 191 C» bomb outrage is doubted
by city police.

Paul Callicotto, mystery man of
Portland, whose story about his un
witting participation in San Fran
cisco's 191 C» bomb outrage is doubted
by city police.

Paul Callicotto, mystery man of
Portland, whose story about his un
witting participation in San Fran
cisco's 191 C» bomb outrage is doubted
by city police.

Paul Callicotto, mystery man of
Portland, whose story about his un
witting participation in San Fran
cisco's 191 C» bomb outrage is doubted
by city police.

Paul Callicotto, mystery man of
Portland, whose story about his un
witting participation in San Fran
cisco's 191 C» bomb outrage is doubted
by city police.

Paul Callicotto, mystery man of
Portland, whose story about his un
witting participation in San Fran
cisco's 191 C» bomb outrage is doubted
by city police.

Paul Callicotto, mystery man of
Portland, whose story about his un
witting participation in San Fran
cisco's 191 C» bomb outrage is doubted
by city police.

Paul Callicotto, mystery man of
Portland, whose story about his un
witting participation in San Fran
cisco's 191 C» bomb outrage is doubted
by city police.

Paul Callicotto, mystery man of
Portland, whose story about his un
witting participation in San Fran
cisco's 191 C» bomb outrage is doubted
by city police.

Paul Callicotto, mystery man of
Portland, whose story about his un
witting participation in San Fran
cisco's 191 C» bomb outrage is doubted
by city police.

Paul Callicotto, mystery man of
Portland, whose story about his un
witting participation in San Fran
cisco's 191 C» bomb outrage is doubted
by city police.
