# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Wilbur Edwards was a Sigma Chi,
aud so was Jack Alexander. Edwards
is now a banker in San Jose.
Archie Rice, '95.
Wilbur Edwards was a Sigma Chi,
aud so was Jack Alexander. Edwards
is now a banker in San Jose.
Archie Rice, '95.
Wilbur Edwards was a Sigma Chi,
aud so was Jack Alexander. Edwards
is now a banker in San Jose.
Archie Rice, '95.
Wilbur Edwards was a Sigma Chi,
aud so was Jack Alexander. Edwards
is now a banker in San Jose.
Archie Rice, '95.
Wilbur Edwards was a Sigma Chi,
aud so was Jack Alexander. Edwards
is now a banker in San Jose.
Archie Rice, '95.
Wilbur Edwards was a Sigma Chi,
aud so was Jack Alexander. Edwards
is now a banker in San Jose.
Archie Rice, '95.
Wilbur Edwards was a Sigma Chi,
aud so was Jack Alexander. Edwards
is now a banker in San Jose.
Archie Rice, '95.
Wilbur Edwards was a Sigma Chi,
aud so was Jack Alexander. Edwards
is now a banker in San Jose.
Archie Rice, '95.
Wilbur Edwards was a Sigma Chi,
aud so was Jack Alexander. Edwards
is now a banker in San Jose.
Archie Rice, '95.
Wilbur Edwards was a Sigma Chi,
aud so was Jack Alexander. Edwards
is now a banker in San Jose.
Archie Rice, '95.
Wilbur Edwards was a Sigma Chi,
aud so was Jack Alexander. Edwards
is now a banker in San Jose.
Archie Rice, '95.
Wilbur Edwards was a Sigma Chi,
aud so was Jack Alexander. Edwards
is now a banker in San Jose.
Archie Rice, '95.
Wilbur Edwards was a Sigma Chi,
aud so was Jack Alexander. Edwards
is now a banker in San Jose.
Archie Rice, '95.
