# DEBATERS ATTRACTED BY TOPICS OF CURRENT IMPORT
## Government Ownership and Mexican Situation to be Discussed by Euphronia and Nestoria. 
### 
The literary and debating societies,
Nestoria and Euphronia will hold their
regular meetings this evening when
subjects of pressing government in
terest will be discussed. Euphronia
will meet in room 224, while Nestoria
will hold its session in room 228.
"Resolved, That the United States
should own and operate the telegraph
and telephone lines of the nation," will
be the topic debated by the Nestor
ians. The affirmative team will be
composed of J. H. Cartwriglit, '15, and
P. J. Miebach, '14. Those who will
uphold the negative are A. B. Aten,
'IG, and H. A. Frye, '17.
The following resolution has been
introduced before the senate of
Euphronia, "Resolved, That President
Wilson's order of lifting the embargo
on importation of ammunitions of war
into Mexico is deserving of senatorial
censure." Senator A. L. Johnson, '16,
will support the measure, while the
opposition will be led by Senator J. W.
Dodge, '16.
The literary and debating societies,
Nestoria and Euphronia will hold their
regular meetings this evening when
subjects of pressing government in
terest will be discussed. Euphronia
will meet in room 224, while Nestoria
will hold its session in room 228.
"Resolved, That the United States
should own and operate the telegraph
and telephone lines of the nation," will
be the topic debated by the Nestor
ians. The affirmative team will be
composed of J. H. Cartwriglit, '15, and
P. J. Miebach, '14. Those who will
uphold the negative are A. B. Aten,
'IG, and H. A. Frye, '17.
The following resolution has been
introduced before the senate of
Euphronia, "Resolved, That President
Wilson's order of lifting the embargo
on importation of ammunitions of war
into Mexico is deserving of senatorial
censure." Senator A. L. Johnson, '16,
will support the measure, while the
opposition will be led by Senator J. W.
Dodge, '16.
The literary and debating societies,
Nestoria and Euphronia will hold their
regular meetings this evening when
subjects of pressing government in
terest will be discussed. Euphronia
will meet in room 224, while Nestoria
will hold its session in room 228.
"Resolved, That the United States
should own and operate the telegraph
and telephone lines of the nation," will
be the topic debated by the Nestor
ians. The affirmative team will be
composed of J. H. Cartwriglit, '15, and
P. J. Miebach, '14. Those who will
uphold the negative are A. B. Aten,
'IG, and H. A. Frye, '17.
The following resolution has been
introduced before the senate of
Euphronia, "Resolved, That President
Wilson's order of lifting the embargo
on importation of ammunitions of war
into Mexico is deserving of senatorial
censure." Senator A. L. Johnson, '16,
will support the measure, while the
opposition will be led by Senator J. W.
Dodge, '16.
The literary and debating societies,
Nestoria and Euphronia will hold their
regular meetings this evening when
subjects of pressing government in
terest will be discussed. Euphronia
will meet in room 224, while Nestoria
will hold its session in room 228.
"Resolved, That the United States
should own and operate the telegraph
and telephone lines of the nation," will
be the topic debated by the Nestor
ians. The affirmative team will be
composed of J. H. Cartwriglit, '15, and
P. J. Miebach, '14. Those who will
uphold the negative are A. B. Aten,
'IG, and H. A. Frye, '17.
The following resolution has been
introduced before the senate of
Euphronia, "Resolved, That President
Wilson's order of lifting the embargo
on importation of ammunitions of war
into Mexico is deserving of senatorial
censure." Senator A. L. Johnson, '16,
will support the measure, while the
opposition will be led by Senator J. W.
Dodge, '16.
The literary and debating societies,
Nestoria and Euphronia will hold their
regular meetings this evening when
subjects of pressing government in
terest will be discussed. Euphronia
will meet in room 224, while Nestoria
will hold its session in room 228.
"Resolved, That the United States
should own and operate the telegraph
and telephone lines of the nation," will
be the topic debated by the Nestor
ians. The affirmative team will be
composed of J. H. Cartwriglit, '15, and
P. J. Miebach, '14. Those who will
uphold the negative are A. B. Aten,
'IG, and H. A. Frye, '17.
The following resolution has been
introduced before the senate of
Euphronia, "Resolved, That President
Wilson's order of lifting the embargo
on importation of ammunitions of war
into Mexico is deserving of senatorial
censure." Senator A. L. Johnson, '16,
will support the measure, while the
opposition will be led by Senator J. W.
Dodge, '16.
The literary and debating societies,
Nestoria and Euphronia will hold their
regular meetings this evening when
subjects of pressing government in
terest will be discussed. Euphronia
will meet in room 224, while Nestoria
will hold its session in room 228.
"Resolved, That the United States
should own and operate the telegraph
and telephone lines of the nation," will
be the topic debated by the Nestor
ians. The affirmative team will be
composed of J. H. Cartwriglit, '15, and
P. J. Miebach, '14. Those who will
uphold the negative are A. B. Aten,
'IG, and H. A. Frye, '17.
The following resolution has been
introduced before the senate of
Euphronia, "Resolved, That President
Wilson's order of lifting the embargo
on importation of ammunitions of war
into Mexico is deserving of senatorial
censure." Senator A. L. Johnson, '16,
will support the measure, while the
opposition will be led by Senator J. W.
Dodge, '16.
The literary and debating societies,
Nestoria and Euphronia will hold their
regular meetings this evening when
subjects of pressing government in
terest will be discussed. Euphronia
will meet in room 224, while Nestoria
will hold its session in room 228.
"Resolved, That the United States
should own and operate the telegraph
and telephone lines of the nation," will
be the topic debated by the Nestor
ians. The affirmative team will be
composed of J. H. Cartwriglit, '15, and
P. J. Miebach, '14. Those who will
uphold the negative are A. B. Aten,
'IG, and H. A. Frye, '17.
The following resolution has been
introduced before the senate of
Euphronia, "Resolved, That President
Wilson's order of lifting the embargo
on importation of ammunitions of war
into Mexico is deserving of senatorial
censure." Senator A. L. Johnson, '16,
will support the measure, while the
opposition will be led by Senator J. W.
Dodge, '16.
The literary and debating societies,
Nestoria and Euphronia will hold their
regular meetings this evening when
subjects of pressing government in
terest will be discussed. Euphronia
will meet in room 224, while Nestoria
will hold its session in room 228.
"Resolved, That the United States
should own and operate the telegraph
and telephone lines of the nation," will
be the topic debated by the Nestor
ians. The affirmative team will be
composed of J. H. Cartwriglit, '15, and
P. J. Miebach, '14. Those who will
uphold the negative are A. B. Aten,
'IG, and H. A. Frye, '17.
The following resolution has been
introduced before the senate of
Euphronia, "Resolved, That President
Wilson's order of lifting the embargo
on importation of ammunitions of war
into Mexico is deserving of senatorial
censure." Senator A. L. Johnson, '16,
will support the measure, while the
opposition will be led by Senator J. W.
Dodge, '16.
The literary and debating societies,
Nestoria and Euphronia will hold their
regular meetings this evening when
subjects of pressing government in
terest will be discussed. Euphronia
will meet in room 224, while Nestoria
will hold its session in room 228.
"Resolved, That the United States
should own and operate the telegraph
and telephone lines of the nation," will
be the topic debated by the Nestor
ians. The affirmative team will be
composed of J. H. Cartwriglit, '15, and
P. J. Miebach, '14. Those who will
uphold the negative are A. B. Aten,
'IG, and H. A. Frye, '17.
The following resolution has been
introduced before the senate of
Euphronia, "Resolved, That President
Wilson's order of lifting the embargo
on importation of ammunitions of war
into Mexico is deserving of senatorial
censure." Senator A. L. Johnson, '16,
will support the measure, while the
opposition will be led by Senator J. W.
Dodge, '16.
The literary and debating societies,
Nestoria and Euphronia will hold their
regular meetings this evening when
subjects of pressing government in
terest will be discussed. Euphronia
will meet in room 224, while Nestoria
will hold its session in room 228.
"Resolved, That the United States
should own and operate the telegraph
and telephone lines of the nation," will
be the topic debated by the Nestor
ians. The affirmative team will be
composed of J. H. Cartwriglit, '15, and
P. J. Miebach, '14. Those who will
uphold the negative are A. B. Aten,
'IG, and H. A. Frye, '17.
The following resolution has been
introduced before the senate of
Euphronia, "Resolved, That President
Wilson's order of lifting the embargo
on importation of ammunitions of war
into Mexico is deserving of senatorial
censure." Senator A. L. Johnson, '16,
will support the measure, while the
opposition will be led by Senator J. W.
Dodge, '16.
The literary and debating societies,
Nestoria and Euphronia will hold their
regular meetings this evening when
subjects of pressing government in
terest will be discussed. Euphronia
will meet in room 224, while Nestoria
will hold its session in room 228.
"Resolved, That the United States
should own and operate the telegraph
and telephone lines of the nation," will
be the topic debated by the Nestor
ians. The affirmative team will be
composed of J. H. Cartwriglit, '15, and
P. J. Miebach, '14. Those who will
uphold the negative are A. B. Aten,
'IG, and H. A. Frye, '17.
The following resolution has been
introduced before the senate of
Euphronia, "Resolved, That President
Wilson's order of lifting the embargo
on importation of ammunitions of war
into Mexico is deserving of senatorial
censure." Senator A. L. Johnson, '16,
will support the measure, while the
opposition will be led by Senator J. W.
Dodge, '16.
The literary and debating societies,
Nestoria and Euphronia will hold their
regular meetings this evening when
subjects of pressing government in
terest will be discussed. Euphronia
will meet in room 224, while Nestoria
will hold its session in room 228.
"Resolved, That the United States
should own and operate the telegraph
and telephone lines of the nation," will
be the topic debated by the Nestor
ians. The affirmative team will be
composed of J. H. Cartwriglit, '15, and
P. J. Miebach, '14. Those who will
uphold the negative are A. B. Aten,
'IG, and H. A. Frye, '17.
The following resolution has been
introduced before the senate of
Euphronia, "Resolved, That President
Wilson's order of lifting the embargo
on importation of ammunitions of war
into Mexico is deserving of senatorial
censure." Senator A. L. Johnson, '16,
will support the measure, while the
opposition will be led by Senator J. W.
Dodge, '16.
The literary and debating societies,
Nestoria and Euphronia will hold their
regular meetings this evening when
subjects of pressing government in
terest will be discussed. Euphronia
will meet in room 224, while Nestoria
will hold its session in room 228.
"Resolved, That the United States
should own and operate the telegraph
and telephone lines of the nation," will
be the topic debated by the Nestor
ians. The affirmative team will be
composed of J. H. Cartwriglit, '15, and
P. J. Miebach, '14. Those who will
uphold the negative are A. B. Aten,
'IG, and H. A. Frye, '17.
The following resolution has been
introduced before the senate of
Euphronia, "Resolved, That President
Wilson's order of lifting the embargo
on importation of ammunitions of war
into Mexico is deserving of senatorial
censure." Senator A. L. Johnson, '16,
will support the measure, while the
opposition will be led by Senator J. W.
Dodge, '16.
