# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Some 16 seniors at Kansas Agri
cultural college are combining instruc
tions with nourishment, and are tak
ing their meals in the Domestic
Science department.
Some 16 seniors at Kansas Agri
cultural college are combining instruc
tions with nourishment, and are tak
ing their meals in the Domestic
Science department.
Some 16 seniors at Kansas Agri
cultural college are combining instruc
tions with nourishment, and are tak
ing their meals in the Domestic
Science department.
Some 16 seniors at Kansas Agri
cultural college are combining instruc
tions with nourishment, and are tak
ing their meals in the Domestic
Science department.
Some 16 seniors at Kansas Agri
cultural college are combining instruc
tions with nourishment, and are tak
ing their meals in the Domestic
Science department.
Some 16 seniors at Kansas Agri
cultural college are combining instruc
tions with nourishment, and are tak
ing their meals in the Domestic
Science department.
Some 16 seniors at Kansas Agri
cultural college are combining instruc
tions with nourishment, and are tak
ing their meals in the Domestic
Science department.
Some 16 seniors at Kansas Agri
cultural college are combining instruc
tions with nourishment, and are tak
ing their meals in the Domestic
Science department.
Some 16 seniors at Kansas Agri
cultural college are combining instruc
tions with nourishment, and are tak
ing their meals in the Domestic
Science department.
Some 16 seniors at Kansas Agri
cultural college are combining instruc
tions with nourishment, and are tak
ing their meals in the Domestic
Science department.
Some 16 seniors at Kansas Agri
cultural college are combining instruc
tions with nourishment, and are tak
ing their meals in the Domestic
Science department.
Some 16 seniors at Kansas Agri
cultural college are combining instruc
tions with nourishment, and are tak
ing their meals in the Domestic
Science department.
Some 16 seniors at Kansas Agri
cultural college are combining instruc
tions with nourishment, and are tak
ing their meals in the Domestic
Science department.
