# Consul to Speak
## 
### 
Johannes Tjaardstra, the Neth
erlands vice-consul in San Fran
cisco, will speak at Bowman at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow.
Johannes Tjaardstra, the Neth
erlands vice-consul in San Fran
cisco, will speak at Bowman at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow.
Johannes Tjaardstra, the Neth
erlands vice-consul in San Fran
cisco, will speak at Bowman at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow.
Johannes Tjaardstra, the Neth
erlands vice-consul in San Fran
cisco, will speak at Bowman at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow.
Johannes Tjaardstra, the Neth
erlands vice-consul in San Fran
cisco, will speak at Bowman at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow.
Johannes Tjaardstra, the Neth
erlands vice-consul in San Fran
cisco, will speak at Bowman at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow.
Johannes Tjaardstra, the Neth
erlands vice-consul in San Fran
cisco, will speak at Bowman at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow.
Johannes Tjaardstra, the Neth
erlands vice-consul in San Fran
cisco, will speak at Bowman at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow.
Johannes Tjaardstra, the Neth
erlands vice-consul in San Fran
cisco, will speak at Bowman at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow.
Johannes Tjaardstra, the Neth
erlands vice-consul in San Fran
cisco, will speak at Bowman at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow.
Johannes Tjaardstra, the Neth
erlands vice-consul in San Fran
cisco, will speak at Bowman at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow.
Johannes Tjaardstra, the Neth
erlands vice-consul in San Fran
cisco, will speak at Bowman at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow.
Johannes Tjaardstra, the Neth
erlands vice-consul in San Fran
cisco, will speak at Bowman at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow.
Johannes Tjaardstra, the Neth
erlands vice-consul in San Fran
cisco, will speak at Bowman at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow.
Johannes Tjaardstra, the Neth
erlands vice-consul in San Fran
cisco, will speak at Bowman at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow.
Johannes Tjaardstra, the Neth
erlands vice-consul in San Fran
cisco, will speak at Bowman at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow.
Johannes Tjaardstra, the Neth
erlands vice-consul in San Fran
cisco, will speak at Bowman at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow.
