# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
$50 complete with com
Rent a
Corona!
HOW often you have
wished you had a
typewriter at homel
Especially a Corona—the
typewriter that folds up
and is so easy to carry
anywhere!
Rent a Corona for a few
months. Initial rent pay
ment applies on purchase.
THE
Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
A Corona Expert Is Here
$50 complete with com
Rent a
Corona!
HOW often you have
wished you had a
typewriter at homel
Especially a Corona—the
typewriter that folds up
and is so easy to carry
anywhere!
Rent a Corona for a few
months. Initial rent pay
ment applies on purchase.
THE
Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
A Corona Expert Is Here
$50 complete with com
Rent a
Corona!
HOW often you have
wished you had a
typewriter at homel
Especially a Corona—the
typewriter that folds up
and is so easy to carry
anywhere!
Rent a Corona for a few
months. Initial rent pay
ment applies on purchase.
THE
Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
A Corona Expert Is Here
$50 complete with com
Rent a
Corona!
HOW often you have
wished you had a
typewriter at homel
Especially a Corona—the
typewriter that folds up
and is so easy to carry
anywhere!
Rent a Corona for a few
months. Initial rent pay
ment applies on purchase.
THE
Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
A Corona Expert Is Here
$50 complete with com
Rent a
Corona!
HOW often you have
wished you had a
typewriter at homel
Especially a Corona—the
typewriter that folds up
and is so easy to carry
anywhere!
Rent a Corona for a few
months. Initial rent pay
ment applies on purchase.
THE
Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
A Corona Expert Is Here
$50 complete with com
Rent a
Corona!
HOW often you have
wished you had a
typewriter at homel
Especially a Corona—the
typewriter that folds up
and is so easy to carry
anywhere!
Rent a Corona for a few
months. Initial rent pay
ment applies on purchase.
THE
Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
A Corona Expert Is Here
$50 complete with com
Rent a
Corona!
HOW often you have
wished you had a
typewriter at homel
Especially a Corona—the
typewriter that folds up
and is so easy to carry
anywhere!
Rent a Corona for a few
months. Initial rent pay
ment applies on purchase.
THE
Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
A Corona Expert Is Here
$50 complete with com
Rent a
Corona!
HOW often you have
wished you had a
typewriter at homel
Especially a Corona—the
typewriter that folds up
and is so easy to carry
anywhere!
Rent a Corona for a few
months. Initial rent pay
ment applies on purchase.
THE
Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
A Corona Expert Is Here
$50 complete with com
Rent a
Corona!
HOW often you have
wished you had a
typewriter at homel
Especially a Corona—the
typewriter that folds up
and is so easy to carry
anywhere!
Rent a Corona for a few
months. Initial rent pay
ment applies on purchase.
THE
Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
A Corona Expert Is Here
$50 complete with com
Rent a
Corona!
HOW often you have
wished you had a
typewriter at homel
Especially a Corona—the
typewriter that folds up
and is so easy to carry
anywhere!
Rent a Corona for a few
months. Initial rent pay
ment applies on purchase.
THE
Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
A Corona Expert Is Here
$50 complete with com
Rent a
Corona!
HOW often you have
wished you had a
typewriter at homel
Especially a Corona—the
typewriter that folds up
and is so easy to carry
anywhere!
Rent a Corona for a few
months. Initial rent pay
ment applies on purchase.
THE
Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
A Corona Expert Is Here
$50 complete with com
Rent a
Corona!
HOW often you have
wished you had a
typewriter at homel
Especially a Corona—the
typewriter that folds up
and is so easy to carry
anywhere!
Rent a Corona for a few
months. Initial rent pay
ment applies on purchase.
THE
Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
A Corona Expert Is Here
$50 complete with com
Rent a
Corona!
HOW often you have
wished you had a
typewriter at homel
Especially a Corona—the
typewriter that folds up
and is so easy to carry
anywhere!
Rent a Corona for a few
months. Initial rent pay
ment applies on purchase.
THE
Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
A Corona Expert Is Here
$50 complete with com
Rent a
Corona!
HOW often you have
wished you had a
typewriter at homel
Especially a Corona—the
typewriter that folds up
and is so easy to carry
anywhere!
Rent a Corona for a few
months. Initial rent pay
ment applies on purchase.
THE
Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
A Corona Expert Is Here
$50 complete with com
Rent a
Corona!
HOW often you have
wished you had a
typewriter at homel
Especially a Corona—the
typewriter that folds up
and is so easy to carry
anywhere!
Rent a Corona for a few
months. Initial rent pay
ment applies on purchase.
THE
Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
A Corona Expert Is Here
