# CLASS TEAMS WILL COMMENCE FOOTBALL PRACTICE NEXT WEEK
## 
### 
Plans for interclass football were
made by class presidents at a meeting
held in Dr. Barrow's office yesterday.
Practice will start on Monday and the
first games of the interclass series
have been scheduled for October 26
when the seniors meet the juniors and
the freshmen battle the sophomores.
With the advantage of two weeks'
practice, the freshman third team,
coached by C- W. Davis, appears to
be the likely winner of the interclass
■championship. Kewp Barnett has been
appointed coach of the senior aggrega
tion and Ev Young will act as senior
manager. Wilbur Adams, president of
the junior class, will appoint the jun
ior coach and manager today.
Entries for interclass football are
still being taken, and anyone desiring
to sign up may do so to fulfill physical
education requirements. One hour's
credit will be given to upperclassmen
for playing. A silver football is the
perpetual trophy for the championship
team.
Plans for interclass football were
made by class presidents at a meeting
held in Dr. Barrow's office yesterday.
Practice will start on Monday and the
first games of the interclass series
have been scheduled for October 26
when the seniors meet the juniors and
the freshmen battle the sophomores.
With the advantage of two weeks'
practice, the freshman third team,
coached by C- W. Davis, appears to
be the likely winner of the interclass
■championship. Kewp Barnett has been
appointed coach of the senior aggrega
tion and Ev Young will act as senior
manager. Wilbur Adams, president of
the junior class, will appoint the jun
ior coach and manager today.
Entries for interclass football are
still being taken, and anyone desiring
to sign up may do so to fulfill physical
education requirements. One hour's
credit will be given to upperclassmen
for playing. A silver football is the
perpetual trophy for the championship
team.
Plans for interclass football were
made by class presidents at a meeting
held in Dr. Barrow's office yesterday.
Practice will start on Monday and the
first games of the interclass series
have been scheduled for October 26
when the seniors meet the juniors and
the freshmen battle the sophomores.
With the advantage of two weeks'
practice, the freshman third team,
coached by C- W. Davis, appears to
be the likely winner of the interclass
■championship. Kewp Barnett has been
appointed coach of the senior aggrega
tion and Ev Young will act as senior
manager. Wilbur Adams, president of
the junior class, will appoint the jun
ior coach and manager today.
Entries for interclass football are
still being taken, and anyone desiring
to sign up may do so to fulfill physical
education requirements. One hour's
credit will be given to upperclassmen
for playing. A silver football is the
perpetual trophy for the championship
team.
Plans for interclass football were
made by class presidents at a meeting
held in Dr. Barrow's office yesterday.
Practice will start on Monday and the
first games of the interclass series
have been scheduled for October 26
when the seniors meet the juniors and
the freshmen battle the sophomores.
With the advantage of two weeks'
practice, the freshman third team,
coached by C- W. Davis, appears to
be the likely winner of the interclass
■championship. Kewp Barnett has been
appointed coach of the senior aggrega
tion and Ev Young will act as senior
manager. Wilbur Adams, president of
the junior class, will appoint the jun
ior coach and manager today.
Entries for interclass football are
still being taken, and anyone desiring
to sign up may do so to fulfill physical
education requirements. One hour's
credit will be given to upperclassmen
for playing. A silver football is the
perpetual trophy for the championship
team.
Plans for interclass football were
made by class presidents at a meeting
held in Dr. Barrow's office yesterday.
Practice will start on Monday and the
first games of the interclass series
have been scheduled for October 26
when the seniors meet the juniors and
the freshmen battle the sophomores.
With the advantage of two weeks'
practice, the freshman third team,
coached by C- W. Davis, appears to
be the likely winner of the interclass
■championship. Kewp Barnett has been
appointed coach of the senior aggrega
tion and Ev Young will act as senior
manager. Wilbur Adams, president of
the junior class, will appoint the jun
ior coach and manager today.
Entries for interclass football are
still being taken, and anyone desiring
to sign up may do so to fulfill physical
education requirements. One hour's
credit will be given to upperclassmen
for playing. A silver football is the
perpetual trophy for the championship
team.
Plans for interclass football were
made by class presidents at a meeting
held in Dr. Barrow's office yesterday.
Practice will start on Monday and the
first games of the interclass series
have been scheduled for October 26
when the seniors meet the juniors and
the freshmen battle the sophomores.
With the advantage of two weeks'
practice, the freshman third team,
coached by C- W. Davis, appears to
be the likely winner of the interclass
■championship. Kewp Barnett has been
appointed coach of the senior aggrega
tion and Ev Young will act as senior
manager. Wilbur Adams, president of
the junior class, will appoint the jun
ior coach and manager today.
Entries for interclass football are
still being taken, and anyone desiring
to sign up may do so to fulfill physical
education requirements. One hour's
credit will be given to upperclassmen
for playing. A silver football is the
perpetual trophy for the championship
team.
Plans for interclass football were
made by class presidents at a meeting
held in Dr. Barrow's office yesterday.
Practice will start on Monday and the
first games of the interclass series
have been scheduled for October 26
when the seniors meet the juniors and
the freshmen battle the sophomores.
With the advantage of two weeks'
practice, the freshman third team,
coached by C- W. Davis, appears to
be the likely winner of the interclass
■championship. Kewp Barnett has been
appointed coach of the senior aggrega
tion and Ev Young will act as senior
manager. Wilbur Adams, president of
the junior class, will appoint the jun
ior coach and manager today.
Entries for interclass football are
still being taken, and anyone desiring
to sign up may do so to fulfill physical
education requirements. One hour's
credit will be given to upperclassmen
for playing. A silver football is the
perpetual trophy for the championship
team.
Plans for interclass football were
made by class presidents at a meeting
held in Dr. Barrow's office yesterday.
Practice will start on Monday and the
first games of the interclass series
have been scheduled for October 26
when the seniors meet the juniors and
the freshmen battle the sophomores.
With the advantage of two weeks'
practice, the freshman third team,
coached by C- W. Davis, appears to
be the likely winner of the interclass
■championship. Kewp Barnett has been
appointed coach of the senior aggrega
tion and Ev Young will act as senior
manager. Wilbur Adams, president of
the junior class, will appoint the jun
ior coach and manager today.
Entries for interclass football are
still being taken, and anyone desiring
to sign up may do so to fulfill physical
education requirements. One hour's
credit will be given to upperclassmen
for playing. A silver football is the
perpetual trophy for the championship
team.
Plans for interclass football were
made by class presidents at a meeting
held in Dr. Barrow's office yesterday.
Practice will start on Monday and the
first games of the interclass series
have been scheduled for October 26
when the seniors meet the juniors and
the freshmen battle the sophomores.
With the advantage of two weeks'
practice, the freshman third team,
coached by C- W. Davis, appears to
be the likely winner of the interclass
■championship. Kewp Barnett has been
appointed coach of the senior aggrega
tion and Ev Young will act as senior
manager. Wilbur Adams, president of
the junior class, will appoint the jun
ior coach and manager today.
Entries for interclass football are
still being taken, and anyone desiring
to sign up may do so to fulfill physical
education requirements. One hour's
credit will be given to upperclassmen
for playing. A silver football is the
perpetual trophy for the championship
team.
Plans for interclass football were
made by class presidents at a meeting
held in Dr. Barrow's office yesterday.
Practice will start on Monday and the
first games of the interclass series
have been scheduled for October 26
when the seniors meet the juniors and
the freshmen battle the sophomores.
With the advantage of two weeks'
practice, the freshman third team,
coached by C- W. Davis, appears to
be the likely winner of the interclass
■championship. Kewp Barnett has been
appointed coach of the senior aggrega
tion and Ev Young will act as senior
manager. Wilbur Adams, president of
the junior class, will appoint the jun
ior coach and manager today.
Entries for interclass football are
still being taken, and anyone desiring
to sign up may do so to fulfill physical
education requirements. One hour's
credit will be given to upperclassmen
for playing. A silver football is the
perpetual trophy for the championship
team.
Plans for interclass football were
made by class presidents at a meeting
held in Dr. Barrow's office yesterday.
Practice will start on Monday and the
first games of the interclass series
have been scheduled for October 26
when the seniors meet the juniors and
the freshmen battle the sophomores.
With the advantage of two weeks'
practice, the freshman third team,
coached by C- W. Davis, appears to
be the likely winner of the interclass
■championship. Kewp Barnett has been
appointed coach of the senior aggrega
tion and Ev Young will act as senior
manager. Wilbur Adams, president of
the junior class, will appoint the jun
ior coach and manager today.
Entries for interclass football are
still being taken, and anyone desiring
to sign up may do so to fulfill physical
education requirements. One hour's
credit will be given to upperclassmen
for playing. A silver football is the
perpetual trophy for the championship
team.
Plans for interclass football were
made by class presidents at a meeting
held in Dr. Barrow's office yesterday.
Practice will start on Monday and the
first games of the interclass series
have been scheduled for October 26
when the seniors meet the juniors and
the freshmen battle the sophomores.
With the advantage of two weeks'
practice, the freshman third team,
coached by C- W. Davis, appears to
be the likely winner of the interclass
■championship. Kewp Barnett has been
appointed coach of the senior aggrega
tion and Ev Young will act as senior
manager. Wilbur Adams, president of
the junior class, will appoint the jun
ior coach and manager today.
Entries for interclass football are
still being taken, and anyone desiring
to sign up may do so to fulfill physical
education requirements. One hour's
credit will be given to upperclassmen
for playing. A silver football is the
perpetual trophy for the championship
team.
Plans for interclass football were
made by class presidents at a meeting
held in Dr. Barrow's office yesterday.
Practice will start on Monday and the
first games of the interclass series
have been scheduled for October 26
when the seniors meet the juniors and
the freshmen battle the sophomores.
With the advantage of two weeks'
practice, the freshman third team,
coached by C- W. Davis, appears to
be the likely winner of the interclass
■championship. Kewp Barnett has been
appointed coach of the senior aggrega
tion and Ev Young will act as senior
manager. Wilbur Adams, president of
the junior class, will appoint the jun
ior coach and manager today.
Entries for interclass football are
still being taken, and anyone desiring
to sign up may do so to fulfill physical
education requirements. One hour's
credit will be given to upperclassmen
for playing. A silver football is the
perpetual trophy for the championship
team.
Plans for interclass football were
made by class presidents at a meeting
held in Dr. Barrow's office yesterday.
Practice will start on Monday and the
first games of the interclass series
have been scheduled for October 26
when the seniors meet the juniors and
the freshmen battle the sophomores.
With the advantage of two weeks'
practice, the freshman third team,
coached by C- W. Davis, appears to
be the likely winner of the interclass
■championship. Kewp Barnett has been
appointed coach of the senior aggrega
tion and Ev Young will act as senior
manager. Wilbur Adams, president of
the junior class, will appoint the jun
ior coach and manager today.
Entries for interclass football are
still being taken, and anyone desiring
to sign up may do so to fulfill physical
education requirements. One hour's
credit will be given to upperclassmen
for playing. A silver football is the
perpetual trophy for the championship
team.
Plans for interclass football were
made by class presidents at a meeting
held in Dr. Barrow's office yesterday.
Practice will start on Monday and the
first games of the interclass series
have been scheduled for October 26
when the seniors meet the juniors and
the freshmen battle the sophomores.
With the advantage of two weeks'
practice, the freshman third team,
coached by C- W. Davis, appears to
be the likely winner of the interclass
■championship. Kewp Barnett has been
appointed coach of the senior aggrega
tion and Ev Young will act as senior
manager. Wilbur Adams, president of
the junior class, will appoint the jun
ior coach and manager today.
Entries for interclass football are
still being taken, and anyone desiring
to sign up may do so to fulfill physical
education requirements. One hour's
credit will be given to upperclassmen
for playing. A silver football is the
perpetual trophy for the championship
team.
