# SANTA CLARA CALLS OFF SUNDAY ALL-STAR GAME
## 
### 
Owing to the fact that nine of the
Santa Clara ruggers are temporarily
confined to the hospital because of
minor injuries, Trainer Sparks has
decided that ir will be inadvisable to
play the Southern All-Star team next
Sunday as was originally planned, ard
has definitely called off the contest.
Sparks is a new arrival at the Cath
olic institution, having been obtained
only last week as trainer fo.r the Mis
sion ruggers. He was formerly as
sistant iu Trainer Murphy of Yale.
Owing to the fact that nine of the
Santa Clara ruggers are temporarily
confined to the hospital because of
minor injuries, Trainer Sparks has
decided that ir will be inadvisable to
play the Southern All-Star team next
Sunday as was originally planned, ard
has definitely called off the contest.
Sparks is a new arrival at the Cath
olic institution, having been obtained
only last week as trainer fo.r the Mis
sion ruggers. He was formerly as
sistant iu Trainer Murphy of Yale.
Owing to the fact that nine of the
Santa Clara ruggers are temporarily
confined to the hospital because of
minor injuries, Trainer Sparks has
decided that ir will be inadvisable to
play the Southern All-Star team next
Sunday as was originally planned, ard
has definitely called off the contest.
Sparks is a new arrival at the Cath
olic institution, having been obtained
only last week as trainer fo.r the Mis
sion ruggers. He was formerly as
sistant iu Trainer Murphy of Yale.
Owing to the fact that nine of the
Santa Clara ruggers are temporarily
confined to the hospital because of
minor injuries, Trainer Sparks has
decided that ir will be inadvisable to
play the Southern All-Star team next
Sunday as was originally planned, ard
has definitely called off the contest.
Sparks is a new arrival at the Cath
olic institution, having been obtained
only last week as trainer fo.r the Mis
sion ruggers. He was formerly as
sistant iu Trainer Murphy of Yale.
Owing to the fact that nine of the
Santa Clara ruggers are temporarily
confined to the hospital because of
minor injuries, Trainer Sparks has
decided that ir will be inadvisable to
play the Southern All-Star team next
Sunday as was originally planned, ard
has definitely called off the contest.
Sparks is a new arrival at the Cath
olic institution, having been obtained
only last week as trainer fo.r the Mis
sion ruggers. He was formerly as
sistant iu Trainer Murphy of Yale.
Owing to the fact that nine of the
Santa Clara ruggers are temporarily
confined to the hospital because of
minor injuries, Trainer Sparks has
decided that ir will be inadvisable to
play the Southern All-Star team next
Sunday as was originally planned, ard
has definitely called off the contest.
Sparks is a new arrival at the Cath
olic institution, having been obtained
only last week as trainer fo.r the Mis
sion ruggers. He was formerly as
sistant iu Trainer Murphy of Yale.
Owing to the fact that nine of the
Santa Clara ruggers are temporarily
confined to the hospital because of
minor injuries, Trainer Sparks has
decided that ir will be inadvisable to
play the Southern All-Star team next
Sunday as was originally planned, ard
has definitely called off the contest.
Sparks is a new arrival at the Cath
olic institution, having been obtained
only last week as trainer fo.r the Mis
sion ruggers. He was formerly as
sistant iu Trainer Murphy of Yale.
Owing to the fact that nine of the
Santa Clara ruggers are temporarily
confined to the hospital because of
minor injuries, Trainer Sparks has
decided that ir will be inadvisable to
play the Southern All-Star team next
Sunday as was originally planned, ard
has definitely called off the contest.
Sparks is a new arrival at the Cath
olic institution, having been obtained
only last week as trainer fo.r the Mis
sion ruggers. He was formerly as
sistant iu Trainer Murphy of Yale.
Owing to the fact that nine of the
Santa Clara ruggers are temporarily
confined to the hospital because of
minor injuries, Trainer Sparks has
decided that ir will be inadvisable to
play the Southern All-Star team next
Sunday as was originally planned, ard
has definitely called off the contest.
Sparks is a new arrival at the Cath
olic institution, having been obtained
only last week as trainer fo.r the Mis
sion ruggers. He was formerly as
sistant iu Trainer Murphy of Yale.
Owing to the fact that nine of the
Santa Clara ruggers are temporarily
confined to the hospital because of
minor injuries, Trainer Sparks has
decided that ir will be inadvisable to
play the Southern All-Star team next
Sunday as was originally planned, ard
has definitely called off the contest.
Sparks is a new arrival at the Cath
olic institution, having been obtained
only last week as trainer fo.r the Mis
sion ruggers. He was formerly as
sistant iu Trainer Murphy of Yale.
Owing to the fact that nine of the
Santa Clara ruggers are temporarily
confined to the hospital because of
minor injuries, Trainer Sparks has
decided that ir will be inadvisable to
play the Southern All-Star team next
Sunday as was originally planned, ard
has definitely called off the contest.
Sparks is a new arrival at the Cath
olic institution, having been obtained
only last week as trainer fo.r the Mis
sion ruggers. He was formerly as
sistant iu Trainer Murphy of Yale.
Owing to the fact that nine of the
Santa Clara ruggers are temporarily
confined to the hospital because of
minor injuries, Trainer Sparks has
decided that ir will be inadvisable to
play the Southern All-Star team next
Sunday as was originally planned, ard
has definitely called off the contest.
Sparks is a new arrival at the Cath
olic institution, having been obtained
only last week as trainer fo.r the Mis
sion ruggers. He was formerly as
sistant iu Trainer Murphy of Yale.
Owing to the fact that nine of the
Santa Clara ruggers are temporarily
confined to the hospital because of
minor injuries, Trainer Sparks has
decided that ir will be inadvisable to
play the Southern All-Star team next
Sunday as was originally planned, ard
has definitely called off the contest.
Sparks is a new arrival at the Cath
olic institution, having been obtained
only last week as trainer fo.r the Mis
sion ruggers. He was formerly as
sistant iu Trainer Murphy of Yale.
