# Moffett Sailors Play JV's Today
## 
### 
Coach Bill Arce's Braves host
the Moffett Field Flyers here to
day on the Freshman diamond,
starting at 3:30. It will be the
final prep before the Braves tilt
with the Cal Cinnamon Bears on
Saturday morning.
The Junior Varsity beat the Bob
Iverson-coached Flyers earlier in
the season, but will be handicap
ped today because they must fore
go batting practice. An Air Force
ROTC parade will be taking place
on the field prior to the game
itself.
Coach Bill Arce's Braves host
the Moffett Field Flyers here to
day on the Freshman diamond,
starting at 3:30. It will be the
final prep before the Braves tilt
with the Cal Cinnamon Bears on
Saturday morning.
The Junior Varsity beat the Bob
Iverson-coached Flyers earlier in
the season, but will be handicap
ped today because they must fore
go batting practice. An Air Force
ROTC parade will be taking place
on the field prior to the game
itself.
Coach Bill Arce's Braves host
the Moffett Field Flyers here to
day on the Freshman diamond,
starting at 3:30. It will be the
final prep before the Braves tilt
with the Cal Cinnamon Bears on
Saturday morning.
The Junior Varsity beat the Bob
Iverson-coached Flyers earlier in
the season, but will be handicap
ped today because they must fore
go batting practice. An Air Force
ROTC parade will be taking place
on the field prior to the game
itself.
Coach Bill Arce's Braves host
the Moffett Field Flyers here to
day on the Freshman diamond,
starting at 3:30. It will be the
final prep before the Braves tilt
with the Cal Cinnamon Bears on
Saturday morning.
The Junior Varsity beat the Bob
Iverson-coached Flyers earlier in
the season, but will be handicap
ped today because they must fore
go batting practice. An Air Force
ROTC parade will be taking place
on the field prior to the game
itself.
Coach Bill Arce's Braves host
the Moffett Field Flyers here to
day on the Freshman diamond,
starting at 3:30. It will be the
final prep before the Braves tilt
with the Cal Cinnamon Bears on
Saturday morning.
The Junior Varsity beat the Bob
Iverson-coached Flyers earlier in
the season, but will be handicap
ped today because they must fore
go batting practice. An Air Force
ROTC parade will be taking place
on the field prior to the game
itself.
Coach Bill Arce's Braves host
the Moffett Field Flyers here to
day on the Freshman diamond,
starting at 3:30. It will be the
final prep before the Braves tilt
with the Cal Cinnamon Bears on
Saturday morning.
The Junior Varsity beat the Bob
Iverson-coached Flyers earlier in
the season, but will be handicap
ped today because they must fore
go batting practice. An Air Force
ROTC parade will be taking place
on the field prior to the game
itself.
Coach Bill Arce's Braves host
the Moffett Field Flyers here to
day on the Freshman diamond,
starting at 3:30. It will be the
final prep before the Braves tilt
with the Cal Cinnamon Bears on
Saturday morning.
The Junior Varsity beat the Bob
Iverson-coached Flyers earlier in
the season, but will be handicap
ped today because they must fore
go batting practice. An Air Force
ROTC parade will be taking place
on the field prior to the game
itself.
Coach Bill Arce's Braves host
the Moffett Field Flyers here to
day on the Freshman diamond,
starting at 3:30. It will be the
final prep before the Braves tilt
with the Cal Cinnamon Bears on
Saturday morning.
The Junior Varsity beat the Bob
Iverson-coached Flyers earlier in
the season, but will be handicap
ped today because they must fore
go batting practice. An Air Force
ROTC parade will be taking place
on the field prior to the game
itself.
Coach Bill Arce's Braves host
the Moffett Field Flyers here to
day on the Freshman diamond,
starting at 3:30. It will be the
final prep before the Braves tilt
with the Cal Cinnamon Bears on
Saturday morning.
The Junior Varsity beat the Bob
Iverson-coached Flyers earlier in
the season, but will be handicap
ped today because they must fore
go batting practice. An Air Force
ROTC parade will be taking place
on the field prior to the game
itself.
Coach Bill Arce's Braves host
the Moffett Field Flyers here to
day on the Freshman diamond,
starting at 3:30. It will be the
final prep before the Braves tilt
with the Cal Cinnamon Bears on
Saturday morning.
The Junior Varsity beat the Bob
Iverson-coached Flyers earlier in
the season, but will be handicap
ped today because they must fore
go batting practice. An Air Force
ROTC parade will be taking place
on the field prior to the game
itself.
Coach Bill Arce's Braves host
the Moffett Field Flyers here to
day on the Freshman diamond,
starting at 3:30. It will be the
final prep before the Braves tilt
with the Cal Cinnamon Bears on
Saturday morning.
The Junior Varsity beat the Bob
Iverson-coached Flyers earlier in
the season, but will be handicap
ped today because they must fore
go batting practice. An Air Force
ROTC parade will be taking place
on the field prior to the game
itself.
Coach Bill Arce's Braves host
the Moffett Field Flyers here to
day on the Freshman diamond,
starting at 3:30. It will be the
final prep before the Braves tilt
with the Cal Cinnamon Bears on
Saturday morning.
The Junior Varsity beat the Bob
Iverson-coached Flyers earlier in
the season, but will be handicap
ped today because they must fore
go batting practice. An Air Force
ROTC parade will be taking place
on the field prior to the game
itself.
Coach Bill Arce's Braves host
the Moffett Field Flyers here to
day on the Freshman diamond,
starting at 3:30. It will be the
final prep before the Braves tilt
with the Cal Cinnamon Bears on
Saturday morning.
The Junior Varsity beat the Bob
Iverson-coached Flyers earlier in
the season, but will be handicap
ped today because they must fore
go batting practice. An Air Force
ROTC parade will be taking place
on the field prior to the game
itself.
Coach Bill Arce's Braves host
the Moffett Field Flyers here to
day on the Freshman diamond,
starting at 3:30. It will be the
final prep before the Braves tilt
with the Cal Cinnamon Bears on
Saturday morning.
The Junior Varsity beat the Bob
Iverson-coached Flyers earlier in
the season, but will be handicap
ped today because they must fore
go batting practice. An Air Force
ROTC parade will be taking place
on the field prior to the game
itself.
Coach Bill Arce's Braves host
the Moffett Field Flyers here to
day on the Freshman diamond,
starting at 3:30. It will be the
final prep before the Braves tilt
with the Cal Cinnamon Bears on
Saturday morning.
The Junior Varsity beat the Bob
Iverson-coached Flyers earlier in
the season, but will be handicap
ped today because they must fore
go batting practice. An Air Force
ROTC parade will be taking place
on the field prior to the game
itself.
