# New Sequoia Tops First Issue Sales
## 
### 
Nine hundred copies of Sequoia
literary magazine's second issue
were sold yesterday, Kditor Linda
Lovelace reported. This figure is
200 more than the 700 copies of
the first issue sold on the first
day of sales last quarter.
Viewpoint magazine, Sequoia's
most recent predecessor, sold a
total of 700 copies of its second
issue in 19.")2.
Copies of Sequoia will continue
to be sold today at Engineering
Corner from 8 to 12 a.m. and from
1 to 2 p.m.
Nine hundred copies of Sequoia
literary magazine's second issue
were sold yesterday, Kditor Linda
Lovelace reported. This figure is
200 more than the 700 copies of
the first issue sold on the first
day of sales last quarter.
Viewpoint magazine, Sequoia's
most recent predecessor, sold a
total of 700 copies of its second
issue in 19.")2.
Copies of Sequoia will continue
to be sold today at Engineering
Corner from 8 to 12 a.m. and from
1 to 2 p.m.
Nine hundred copies of Sequoia
literary magazine's second issue
were sold yesterday, Kditor Linda
Lovelace reported. This figure is
200 more than the 700 copies of
the first issue sold on the first
day of sales last quarter.
Viewpoint magazine, Sequoia's
most recent predecessor, sold a
total of 700 copies of its second
issue in 19.")2.
Copies of Sequoia will continue
to be sold today at Engineering
Corner from 8 to 12 a.m. and from
1 to 2 p.m.
Nine hundred copies of Sequoia
literary magazine's second issue
were sold yesterday, Kditor Linda
Lovelace reported. This figure is
200 more than the 700 copies of
the first issue sold on the first
day of sales last quarter.
Viewpoint magazine, Sequoia's
most recent predecessor, sold a
total of 700 copies of its second
issue in 19.")2.
Copies of Sequoia will continue
to be sold today at Engineering
Corner from 8 to 12 a.m. and from
1 to 2 p.m.
Nine hundred copies of Sequoia
literary magazine's second issue
were sold yesterday, Kditor Linda
Lovelace reported. This figure is
200 more than the 700 copies of
the first issue sold on the first
day of sales last quarter.
Viewpoint magazine, Sequoia's
most recent predecessor, sold a
total of 700 copies of its second
issue in 19.")2.
Copies of Sequoia will continue
to be sold today at Engineering
Corner from 8 to 12 a.m. and from
1 to 2 p.m.
Nine hundred copies of Sequoia
literary magazine's second issue
were sold yesterday, Kditor Linda
Lovelace reported. This figure is
200 more than the 700 copies of
the first issue sold on the first
day of sales last quarter.
Viewpoint magazine, Sequoia's
most recent predecessor, sold a
total of 700 copies of its second
issue in 19.")2.
Copies of Sequoia will continue
to be sold today at Engineering
Corner from 8 to 12 a.m. and from
1 to 2 p.m.
Nine hundred copies of Sequoia
literary magazine's second issue
were sold yesterday, Kditor Linda
Lovelace reported. This figure is
200 more than the 700 copies of
the first issue sold on the first
day of sales last quarter.
Viewpoint magazine, Sequoia's
most recent predecessor, sold a
total of 700 copies of its second
issue in 19.")2.
Copies of Sequoia will continue
to be sold today at Engineering
Corner from 8 to 12 a.m. and from
1 to 2 p.m.
Nine hundred copies of Sequoia
literary magazine's second issue
were sold yesterday, Kditor Linda
Lovelace reported. This figure is
200 more than the 700 copies of
the first issue sold on the first
day of sales last quarter.
Viewpoint magazine, Sequoia's
most recent predecessor, sold a
total of 700 copies of its second
issue in 19.")2.
Copies of Sequoia will continue
to be sold today at Engineering
Corner from 8 to 12 a.m. and from
1 to 2 p.m.
Nine hundred copies of Sequoia
literary magazine's second issue
were sold yesterday, Kditor Linda
Lovelace reported. This figure is
200 more than the 700 copies of
the first issue sold on the first
day of sales last quarter.
Viewpoint magazine, Sequoia's
most recent predecessor, sold a
total of 700 copies of its second
issue in 19.")2.
Copies of Sequoia will continue
to be sold today at Engineering
Corner from 8 to 12 a.m. and from
1 to 2 p.m.
Nine hundred copies of Sequoia
literary magazine's second issue
were sold yesterday, Kditor Linda
Lovelace reported. This figure is
200 more than the 700 copies of
the first issue sold on the first
day of sales last quarter.
Viewpoint magazine, Sequoia's
most recent predecessor, sold a
total of 700 copies of its second
issue in 19.")2.
Copies of Sequoia will continue
to be sold today at Engineering
Corner from 8 to 12 a.m. and from
1 to 2 p.m.
Nine hundred copies of Sequoia
literary magazine's second issue
were sold yesterday, Kditor Linda
Lovelace reported. This figure is
200 more than the 700 copies of
the first issue sold on the first
day of sales last quarter.
Viewpoint magazine, Sequoia's
most recent predecessor, sold a
total of 700 copies of its second
issue in 19.")2.
Copies of Sequoia will continue
to be sold today at Engineering
Corner from 8 to 12 a.m. and from
1 to 2 p.m.
Nine hundred copies of Sequoia
literary magazine's second issue
were sold yesterday, Kditor Linda
Lovelace reported. This figure is
200 more than the 700 copies of
the first issue sold on the first
day of sales last quarter.
Viewpoint magazine, Sequoia's
most recent predecessor, sold a
total of 700 copies of its second
issue in 19.")2.
Copies of Sequoia will continue
to be sold today at Engineering
Corner from 8 to 12 a.m. and from
1 to 2 p.m.
Nine hundred copies of Sequoia
literary magazine's second issue
were sold yesterday, Kditor Linda
Lovelace reported. This figure is
200 more than the 700 copies of
the first issue sold on the first
day of sales last quarter.
Viewpoint magazine, Sequoia's
most recent predecessor, sold a
total of 700 copies of its second
issue in 19.")2.
Copies of Sequoia will continue
to be sold today at Engineering
Corner from 8 to 12 a.m. and from
1 to 2 p.m.
Nine hundred copies of Sequoia
literary magazine's second issue
were sold yesterday, Kditor Linda
Lovelace reported. This figure is
200 more than the 700 copies of
the first issue sold on the first
day of sales last quarter.
Viewpoint magazine, Sequoia's
most recent predecessor, sold a
total of 700 copies of its second
issue in 19.")2.
Copies of Sequoia will continue
to be sold today at Engineering
Corner from 8 to 12 a.m. and from
1 to 2 p.m.
Nine hundred copies of Sequoia
literary magazine's second issue
were sold yesterday, Kditor Linda
Lovelace reported. This figure is
200 more than the 700 copies of
the first issue sold on the first
day of sales last quarter.
Viewpoint magazine, Sequoia's
most recent predecessor, sold a
total of 700 copies of its second
issue in 19.")2.
Copies of Sequoia will continue
to be sold today at Engineering
Corner from 8 to 12 a.m. and from
1 to 2 p.m.
