# Best picks of the summer flicks
## The 						Omen'â€”the Jaws of '76 
### 
The blockbuster of the sum
mer, the /<ins of l?)7b, was The
Oman. Rejuvenating Gregory
Peek's slumping career, pouring
millions into 20th Century Fox's
till, it was welcomed all around
to dismantle scene by scene the
summer doldrums.
Like The Kxorcist, it was the
kind of movie of which you
didn't attend the midnight sc
reening. Although some panned
it, referring to its gross and
gratuitous violence, it was a

slick, high-class horror film that
scared without terrifying.
Harvey Stephens played Da
mien, the son of the American
ambassador to Great Britain,
whose parentage is in doubt
from the film's inception.
Wreaking constant hovoc after
his fifth birthday, both his pa
rents come to suspect through
various odd occurrences that
Damien is noo entirely kosher.
Aided by an inquisitive photo
grapher David Warner and vari
ous members of the Catholic

church, Reek-searches out his
son's heritage with astonishing
results.
Like many horror films, it
achieves its purpose in one sit
ting and falls apart under any
serious analysis. Looking back,
one finds contrived scenes,
B-dialogue, sometimes even a
ridiculous plot. But that never
seems to matter while you're
clutching the arm of the total
stranger next to you. (The ()men
is now playing at the Guild
Theatre in Menlo I'ark).


Harvey Stephens
The blockbuster of the sum
mer, the /<ins of l?)7b, was The
Oman. Rejuvenating Gregory
Peek's slumping career, pouring
millions into 20th Century Fox's
till, it was welcomed all around
to dismantle scene by scene the
summer doldrums.
Like The Kxorcist, it was the
kind of movie of which you
didn't attend the midnight sc
reening. Although some panned
it, referring to its gross and
gratuitous violence, it was a

slick, high-class horror film that
scared without terrifying.
Harvey Stephens played Da
mien, the son of the American
ambassador to Great Britain,
whose parentage is in doubt
from the film's inception.
Wreaking constant hovoc after
his fifth birthday, both his pa
rents come to suspect through
various odd occurrences that
Damien is noo entirely kosher.
Aided by an inquisitive photo
grapher David Warner and vari
ous members of the Catholic

church, Reek-searches out his
son's heritage with astonishing
results.
Like many horror films, it
achieves its purpose in one sit
ting and falls apart under any
serious analysis. Looking back,
one finds contrived scenes,
B-dialogue, sometimes even a
ridiculous plot. But that never
seems to matter while you're
clutching the arm of the total
stranger next to you. (The ()men
is now playing at the Guild
Theatre in Menlo I'ark).


Harvey Stephens
The blockbuster of the sum
mer, the /<ins of l?)7b, was The
Oman. Rejuvenating Gregory
Peek's slumping career, pouring
millions into 20th Century Fox's
till, it was welcomed all around
to dismantle scene by scene the
summer doldrums.
Like The Kxorcist, it was the
kind of movie of which you
didn't attend the midnight sc
reening. Although some panned
it, referring to its gross and
gratuitous violence, it was a

slick, high-class horror film that
scared without terrifying.
Harvey Stephens played Da
mien, the son of the American
ambassador to Great Britain,
whose parentage is in doubt
from the film's inception.
Wreaking constant hovoc after
his fifth birthday, both his pa
rents come to suspect through
various odd occurrences that
Damien is noo entirely kosher.
Aided by an inquisitive photo
grapher David Warner and vari
ous members of the Catholic

church, Reek-searches out his
son's heritage with astonishing
results.
Like many horror films, it
achieves its purpose in one sit
ting and falls apart under any
serious analysis. Looking back,
one finds contrived scenes,
B-dialogue, sometimes even a
ridiculous plot. But that never
seems to matter while you're
clutching the arm of the total
stranger next to you. (The ()men
is now playing at the Guild
Theatre in Menlo I'ark).


Harvey Stephens
The blockbuster of the sum
mer, the /<ins of l?)7b, was The
Oman. Rejuvenating Gregory
Peek's slumping career, pouring
millions into 20th Century Fox's
till, it was welcomed all around
to dismantle scene by scene the
summer doldrums.
Like The Kxorcist, it was the
kind of movie of which you
didn't attend the midnight sc
reening. Although some panned
it, referring to its gross and
gratuitous violence, it was a

slick, high-class horror film that
scared without terrifying.
Harvey Stephens played Da
mien, the son of the American
ambassador to Great Britain,
whose parentage is in doubt
from the film's inception.
Wreaking constant hovoc after
his fifth birthday, both his pa
rents come to suspect through
various odd occurrences that
Damien is noo entirely kosher.
Aided by an inquisitive photo
grapher David Warner and vari
ous members of the Catholic

church, Reek-searches out his
son's heritage with astonishing
results.
Like many horror films, it
achieves its purpose in one sit
ting and falls apart under any
serious analysis. Looking back,
one finds contrived scenes,
B-dialogue, sometimes even a
ridiculous plot. But that never
seems to matter while you're
clutching the arm of the total
stranger next to you. (The ()men
is now playing at the Guild
Theatre in Menlo I'ark).


Harvey Stephens
The blockbuster of the sum
mer, the /<ins of l?)7b, was The
Oman. Rejuvenating Gregory
Peek's slumping career, pouring
millions into 20th Century Fox's
till, it was welcomed all around
to dismantle scene by scene the
summer doldrums.
Like The Kxorcist, it was the
kind of movie of which you
didn't attend the midnight sc
reening. Although some panned
it, referring to its gross and
gratuitous violence, it was a

slick, high-class horror film that
scared without terrifying.
Harvey Stephens played Da
mien, the son of the American
ambassador to Great Britain,
whose parentage is in doubt
from the film's inception.
Wreaking constant hovoc after
his fifth birthday, both his pa
rents come to suspect through
various odd occurrences that
Damien is noo entirely kosher.
Aided by an inquisitive photo
grapher David Warner and vari
ous members of the Catholic

church, Reek-searches out his
son's heritage with astonishing
results.
Like many horror films, it
achieves its purpose in one sit
ting and falls apart under any
serious analysis. Looking back,
one finds contrived scenes,
B-dialogue, sometimes even a
ridiculous plot. But that never
seems to matter while you're
clutching the arm of the total
stranger next to you. (The ()men
is now playing at the Guild
Theatre in Menlo I'ark).


Harvey Stephens
The blockbuster of the sum
mer, the /<ins of l?)7b, was The
Oman. Rejuvenating Gregory
Peek's slumping career, pouring
millions into 20th Century Fox's
till, it was welcomed all around
to dismantle scene by scene the
summer doldrums.
Like The Kxorcist, it was the
kind of movie of which you
didn't attend the midnight sc
reening. Although some panned
it, referring to its gross and
gratuitous violence, it was a

slick, high-class horror film that
scared without terrifying.
Harvey Stephens played Da
mien, the son of the American
ambassador to Great Britain,
whose parentage is in doubt
from the film's inception.
Wreaking constant hovoc after
his fifth birthday, both his pa
rents come to suspect through
various odd occurrences that
Damien is noo entirely kosher.
Aided by an inquisitive photo
grapher David Warner and vari
ous members of the Catholic

church, Reek-searches out his
son's heritage with astonishing
results.
Like many horror films, it
achieves its purpose in one sit
ting and falls apart under any
serious analysis. Looking back,
one finds contrived scenes,
B-dialogue, sometimes even a
ridiculous plot. But that never
seems to matter while you're
clutching the arm of the total
stranger next to you. (The ()men
is now playing at the Guild
Theatre in Menlo I'ark).


Harvey Stephens
The blockbuster of the sum
mer, the /<ins of l?)7b, was The
Oman. Rejuvenating Gregory
Peek's slumping career, pouring
millions into 20th Century Fox's
till, it was welcomed all around
to dismantle scene by scene the
summer doldrums.
Like The Kxorcist, it was the
kind of movie of which you
didn't attend the midnight sc
reening. Although some panned
it, referring to its gross and
gratuitous violence, it was a

slick, high-class horror film that
scared without terrifying.
Harvey Stephens played Da
mien, the son of the American
ambassador to Great Britain,
whose parentage is in doubt
from the film's inception.
Wreaking constant hovoc after
his fifth birthday, both his pa
rents come to suspect through
various odd occurrences that
Damien is noo entirely kosher.
Aided by an inquisitive photo
grapher David Warner and vari
ous members of the Catholic

church, Reek-searches out his
son's heritage with astonishing
results.
Like many horror films, it
achieves its purpose in one sit
ting and falls apart under any
serious analysis. Looking back,
one finds contrived scenes,
B-dialogue, sometimes even a
ridiculous plot. But that never
seems to matter while you're
clutching the arm of the total
stranger next to you. (The ()men
is now playing at the Guild
Theatre in Menlo I'ark).


Harvey Stephens
The blockbuster of the sum
mer, the /<ins of l?)7b, was The
Oman. Rejuvenating Gregory
Peek's slumping career, pouring
millions into 20th Century Fox's
till, it was welcomed all around
to dismantle scene by scene the
summer doldrums.
Like The Kxorcist, it was the
kind of movie of which you
didn't attend the midnight sc
reening. Although some panned
it, referring to its gross and
gratuitous violence, it was a

slick, high-class horror film that
scared without terrifying.
Harvey Stephens played Da
mien, the son of the American
ambassador to Great Britain,
whose parentage is in doubt
from the film's inception.
Wreaking constant hovoc after
his fifth birthday, both his pa
rents come to suspect through
various odd occurrences that
Damien is noo entirely kosher.
Aided by an inquisitive photo
grapher David Warner and vari
ous members of the Catholic

church, Reek-searches out his
son's heritage with astonishing
results.
Like many horror films, it
achieves its purpose in one sit
ting and falls apart under any
serious analysis. Looking back,
one finds contrived scenes,
B-dialogue, sometimes even a
ridiculous plot. But that never
seems to matter while you're
clutching the arm of the total
stranger next to you. (The ()men
is now playing at the Guild
Theatre in Menlo I'ark).


Harvey Stephens
The blockbuster of the sum
mer, the /<ins of l?)7b, was The
Oman. Rejuvenating Gregory
Peek's slumping career, pouring
millions into 20th Century Fox's
till, it was welcomed all around
to dismantle scene by scene the
summer doldrums.
Like The Kxorcist, it was the
kind of movie of which you
didn't attend the midnight sc
reening. Although some panned
it, referring to its gross and
gratuitous violence, it was a

slick, high-class horror film that
scared without terrifying.
Harvey Stephens played Da
mien, the son of the American
ambassador to Great Britain,
whose parentage is in doubt
from the film's inception.
Wreaking constant hovoc after
his fifth birthday, both his pa
rents come to suspect through
various odd occurrences that
Damien is noo entirely kosher.
Aided by an inquisitive photo
grapher David Warner and vari
ous members of the Catholic

church, Reek-searches out his
son's heritage with astonishing
results.
Like many horror films, it
achieves its purpose in one sit
ting and falls apart under any
serious analysis. Looking back,
one finds contrived scenes,
B-dialogue, sometimes even a
ridiculous plot. But that never
seems to matter while you're
clutching the arm of the total
stranger next to you. (The ()men
is now playing at the Guild
Theatre in Menlo I'ark).


Harvey Stephens
The blockbuster of the sum
mer, the /<ins of l?)7b, was The
Oman. Rejuvenating Gregory
Peek's slumping career, pouring
millions into 20th Century Fox's
till, it was welcomed all around
to dismantle scene by scene the
summer doldrums.
Like The Kxorcist, it was the
kind of movie of which you
didn't attend the midnight sc
reening. Although some panned
it, referring to its gross and
gratuitous violence, it was a

slick, high-class horror film that
scared without terrifying.
Harvey Stephens played Da
mien, the son of the American
ambassador to Great Britain,
whose parentage is in doubt
from the film's inception.
Wreaking constant hovoc after
his fifth birthday, both his pa
rents come to suspect through
various odd occurrences that
Damien is noo entirely kosher.
Aided by an inquisitive photo
grapher David Warner and vari
ous members of the Catholic

church, Reek-searches out his
son's heritage with astonishing
results.
Like many horror films, it
achieves its purpose in one sit
ting and falls apart under any
serious analysis. Looking back,
one finds contrived scenes,
B-dialogue, sometimes even a
ridiculous plot. But that never
seems to matter while you're
clutching the arm of the total
stranger next to you. (The ()men
is now playing at the Guild
Theatre in Menlo I'ark).


Harvey Stephens
The blockbuster of the sum
mer, the /<ins of l?)7b, was The
Oman. Rejuvenating Gregory
Peek's slumping career, pouring
millions into 20th Century Fox's
till, it was welcomed all around
to dismantle scene by scene the
summer doldrums.
Like The Kxorcist, it was the
kind of movie of which you
didn't attend the midnight sc
reening. Although some panned
it, referring to its gross and
gratuitous violence, it was a

slick, high-class horror film that
scared without terrifying.
Harvey Stephens played Da
mien, the son of the American
ambassador to Great Britain,
whose parentage is in doubt
from the film's inception.
Wreaking constant hovoc after
his fifth birthday, both his pa
rents come to suspect through
various odd occurrences that
Damien is noo entirely kosher.
Aided by an inquisitive photo
grapher David Warner and vari
ous members of the Catholic

church, Reek-searches out his
son's heritage with astonishing
results.
Like many horror films, it
achieves its purpose in one sit
ting and falls apart under any
serious analysis. Looking back,
one finds contrived scenes,
B-dialogue, sometimes even a
ridiculous plot. But that never
seems to matter while you're
clutching the arm of the total
stranger next to you. (The ()men
is now playing at the Guild
Theatre in Menlo I'ark).


Harvey Stephens
The blockbuster of the sum
mer, the /<ins of l?)7b, was The
Oman. Rejuvenating Gregory
Peek's slumping career, pouring
millions into 20th Century Fox's
till, it was welcomed all around
to dismantle scene by scene the
summer doldrums.
Like The Kxorcist, it was the
kind of movie of which you
didn't attend the midnight sc
reening. Although some panned
it, referring to its gross and
gratuitous violence, it was a

slick, high-class horror film that
scared without terrifying.
Harvey Stephens played Da
mien, the son of the American
ambassador to Great Britain,
whose parentage is in doubt
from the film's inception.
Wreaking constant hovoc after
his fifth birthday, both his pa
rents come to suspect through
various odd occurrences that
Damien is noo entirely kosher.
Aided by an inquisitive photo
grapher David Warner and vari
ous members of the Catholic

church, Reek-searches out his
son's heritage with astonishing
results.
Like many horror films, it
achieves its purpose in one sit
ting and falls apart under any
serious analysis. Looking back,
one finds contrived scenes,
B-dialogue, sometimes even a
ridiculous plot. But that never
seems to matter while you're
clutching the arm of the total
stranger next to you. (The ()men
is now playing at the Guild
Theatre in Menlo I'ark).


Harvey Stephens
The blockbuster of the sum
mer, the /<ins of l?)7b, was The
Oman. Rejuvenating Gregory
Peek's slumping career, pouring
millions into 20th Century Fox's
till, it was welcomed all around
to dismantle scene by scene the
summer doldrums.
Like The Kxorcist, it was the
kind of movie of which you
didn't attend the midnight sc
reening. Although some panned
it, referring to its gross and
gratuitous violence, it was a

slick, high-class horror film that
scared without terrifying.
Harvey Stephens played Da
mien, the son of the American
ambassador to Great Britain,
whose parentage is in doubt
from the film's inception.
Wreaking constant hovoc after
his fifth birthday, both his pa
rents come to suspect through
various odd occurrences that
Damien is noo entirely kosher.
Aided by an inquisitive photo
grapher David Warner and vari
ous members of the Catholic

church, Reek-searches out his
son's heritage with astonishing
results.
Like many horror films, it
achieves its purpose in one sit
ting and falls apart under any
serious analysis. Looking back,
one finds contrived scenes,
B-dialogue, sometimes even a
ridiculous plot. But that never
seems to matter while you're
clutching the arm of the total
stranger next to you. (The ()men
is now playing at the Guild
Theatre in Menlo I'ark).


Harvey Stephens
