# Alumnae Association Asks for Members
## 
### 
All women eligible for the member
ship roll of the Stanford Resident
Alumnae are invited to attend the
meeting to be held in the Women's
Clubhouse at 3 p.m. tomorrow. Mem
bership is open to any woman gradu
ate of the University and to any wo
man student who is not registered at
present. Membership dues are 50 cents
a year.
All women eligible for the member
ship roll of the Stanford Resident
Alumnae are invited to attend the
meeting to be held in the Women's
Clubhouse at 3 p.m. tomorrow. Mem
bership is open to any woman gradu
ate of the University and to any wo
man student who is not registered at
present. Membership dues are 50 cents
a year.
All women eligible for the member
ship roll of the Stanford Resident
Alumnae are invited to attend the
meeting to be held in the Women's
Clubhouse at 3 p.m. tomorrow. Mem
bership is open to any woman gradu
ate of the University and to any wo
man student who is not registered at
present. Membership dues are 50 cents
a year.
All women eligible for the member
ship roll of the Stanford Resident
Alumnae are invited to attend the
meeting to be held in the Women's
Clubhouse at 3 p.m. tomorrow. Mem
bership is open to any woman gradu
ate of the University and to any wo
man student who is not registered at
present. Membership dues are 50 cents
a year.
All women eligible for the member
ship roll of the Stanford Resident
Alumnae are invited to attend the
meeting to be held in the Women's
Clubhouse at 3 p.m. tomorrow. Mem
bership is open to any woman gradu
ate of the University and to any wo
man student who is not registered at
present. Membership dues are 50 cents
a year.
All women eligible for the member
ship roll of the Stanford Resident
Alumnae are invited to attend the
meeting to be held in the Women's
Clubhouse at 3 p.m. tomorrow. Mem
bership is open to any woman gradu
ate of the University and to any wo
man student who is not registered at
present. Membership dues are 50 cents
a year.
All women eligible for the member
ship roll of the Stanford Resident
Alumnae are invited to attend the
meeting to be held in the Women's
Clubhouse at 3 p.m. tomorrow. Mem
bership is open to any woman gradu
ate of the University and to any wo
man student who is not registered at
present. Membership dues are 50 cents
a year.
All women eligible for the member
ship roll of the Stanford Resident
Alumnae are invited to attend the
meeting to be held in the Women's
Clubhouse at 3 p.m. tomorrow. Mem
bership is open to any woman gradu
ate of the University and to any wo
man student who is not registered at
present. Membership dues are 50 cents
a year.
All women eligible for the member
ship roll of the Stanford Resident
Alumnae are invited to attend the
meeting to be held in the Women's
Clubhouse at 3 p.m. tomorrow. Mem
bership is open to any woman gradu
ate of the University and to any wo
man student who is not registered at
present. Membership dues are 50 cents
a year.
All women eligible for the member
ship roll of the Stanford Resident
Alumnae are invited to attend the
meeting to be held in the Women's
Clubhouse at 3 p.m. tomorrow. Mem
bership is open to any woman gradu
ate of the University and to any wo
man student who is not registered at
present. Membership dues are 50 cents
a year.
All women eligible for the member
ship roll of the Stanford Resident
Alumnae are invited to attend the
meeting to be held in the Women's
Clubhouse at 3 p.m. tomorrow. Mem
bership is open to any woman gradu
ate of the University and to any wo
man student who is not registered at
present. Membership dues are 50 cents
a year.
All women eligible for the member
ship roll of the Stanford Resident
Alumnae are invited to attend the
meeting to be held in the Women's
Clubhouse at 3 p.m. tomorrow. Mem
bership is open to any woman gradu
ate of the University and to any wo
man student who is not registered at
present. Membership dues are 50 cents
a year.
All women eligible for the member
ship roll of the Stanford Resident
Alumnae are invited to attend the
meeting to be held in the Women's
Clubhouse at 3 p.m. tomorrow. Mem
bership is open to any woman gradu
ate of the University and to any wo
man student who is not registered at
present. Membership dues are 50 cents
a year.
All women eligible for the member
ship roll of the Stanford Resident
Alumnae are invited to attend the
meeting to be held in the Women's
Clubhouse at 3 p.m. tomorrow. Mem
bership is open to any woman gradu
ate of the University and to any wo
man student who is not registered at
present. Membership dues are 50 cents
a year.
All women eligible for the member
ship roll of the Stanford Resident
Alumnae are invited to attend the
meeting to be held in the Women's
Clubhouse at 3 p.m. tomorrow. Mem
bership is open to any woman gradu
ate of the University and to any wo
man student who is not registered at
present. Membership dues are 50 cents
a year.
All women eligible for the member
ship roll of the Stanford Resident
Alumnae are invited to attend the
meeting to be held in the Women's
Clubhouse at 3 p.m. tomorrow. Mem
bership is open to any woman gradu
ate of the University and to any wo
man student who is not registered at
present. Membership dues are 50 cents
a year.
