# Adv. 27 Page 13
## 
### 
CHILDCARE
Afterschool Nanny Wanted
2:00-6:00 M-F, days/hrs flex
car, ins, good driving rec,
references. Call 596-5426
Atherton family seeks energetic,
fun, responsible, female Soph,
or Jr . student to take care of
girls 5 & 7 yrs. old. Afternoons
evenings, weekends. Flexible
hours. Great pay. Call 324-3944.
Sitter need for 2 children.
After school pick up and
afternoon care 3 days per week.
English speaking Safe car a must.
$15 per hour 650-529-1235
DONORS WANTED
EGG DONOR needed by
loving couple: honest, bright,
good genes. Jewish a plus.
Compensation. Sijsurrous@att.net
$5,000 for very handsome, >6 ft,
exceptionally intelligent grad
student to donate sperm to
loving lesbian couple. Send
photo to amgtal 001 @vahoo.com
Loving local couple, Stanford
alumni, seeks a healthy, joyful,
intelligent, athletic woman for
the gift of egg donation.
Generous fee. Please email us @
11 w»l ii iVi *Tn'm 1 ! 1 !; IgiTn ii»i« jm«3 nl
