# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
YMCA HOTEL
351 Turk St., San Francisco
CLASS A—DOWNTOWN
Comfortable Beds
Club Showers
75c and $1.00 per night
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
'THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
©
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the shc/.v
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
. \
YMCA HOTEL
351 Turk St., San Francisco
CLASS A—DOWNTOWN
Comfortable Beds
Club Showers
75c and $1.00 per night
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
'THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
©
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the shc/.v
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
. \
YMCA HOTEL
351 Turk St., San Francisco
CLASS A—DOWNTOWN
Comfortable Beds
Club Showers
75c and $1.00 per night
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
'THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
©
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the shc/.v
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
. \
YMCA HOTEL
351 Turk St., San Francisco
CLASS A—DOWNTOWN
Comfortable Beds
Club Showers
75c and $1.00 per night
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
'THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
©
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the shc/.v
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
. \
YMCA HOTEL
351 Turk St., San Francisco
CLASS A—DOWNTOWN
Comfortable Beds
Club Showers
75c and $1.00 per night
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
'THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
©
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the shc/.v
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
. \
YMCA HOTEL
351 Turk St., San Francisco
CLASS A—DOWNTOWN
Comfortable Beds
Club Showers
75c and $1.00 per night
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
'THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
©
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the shc/.v
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
. \
YMCA HOTEL
351 Turk St., San Francisco
CLASS A—DOWNTOWN
Comfortable Beds
Club Showers
75c and $1.00 per night
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
'THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
©
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the shc/.v
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
. \
YMCA HOTEL
351 Turk St., San Francisco
CLASS A—DOWNTOWN
Comfortable Beds
Club Showers
75c and $1.00 per night
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
'THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
©
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the shc/.v
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
. \
YMCA HOTEL
351 Turk St., San Francisco
CLASS A—DOWNTOWN
Comfortable Beds
Club Showers
75c and $1.00 per night
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
'THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
©
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the shc/.v
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
. \
YMCA HOTEL
351 Turk St., San Francisco
CLASS A—DOWNTOWN
Comfortable Beds
Club Showers
75c and $1.00 per night
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
'THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
©
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the shc/.v
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
. \
YMCA HOTEL
351 Turk St., San Francisco
CLASS A—DOWNTOWN
Comfortable Beds
Club Showers
75c and $1.00 per night
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
'THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
©
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the shc/.v
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
. \
YMCA HOTEL
351 Turk St., San Francisco
CLASS A—DOWNTOWN
Comfortable Beds
Club Showers
75c and $1.00 per night
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
'THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
©
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the shc/.v
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
. \
YMCA HOTEL
351 Turk St., San Francisco
CLASS A—DOWNTOWN
Comfortable Beds
Club Showers
75c and $1.00 per night
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
'THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
©
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the shc/.v
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
. \
YMCA HOTEL
351 Turk St., San Francisco
CLASS A—DOWNTOWN
Comfortable Beds
Club Showers
75c and $1.00 per night
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
'THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
©
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the shc/.v
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
. \
YMCA HOTEL
351 Turk St., San Francisco
CLASS A—DOWNTOWN
Comfortable Beds
Club Showers
75c and $1.00 per night
Friday Night
is
College Night
AT
'THE
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
©
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and reduced cover
charge in Rose Room after
the shc/.v
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
. \
