# UNION ENTERTAINS
## 
### 
The Union Club is sponsoring an
informal radio dance from 9 to 12
o'clock Saturday at the Women's
Clubhouse. All men of the campus
are invited.
The Union Club is sponsoring an
informal radio dance from 9 to 12
o'clock Saturday at the Women's
Clubhouse. All men of the campus
are invited.
The Union Club is sponsoring an
informal radio dance from 9 to 12
o'clock Saturday at the Women's
Clubhouse. All men of the campus
are invited.
The Union Club is sponsoring an
informal radio dance from 9 to 12
o'clock Saturday at the Women's
Clubhouse. All men of the campus
are invited.
The Union Club is sponsoring an
informal radio dance from 9 to 12
o'clock Saturday at the Women's
Clubhouse. All men of the campus
are invited.
The Union Club is sponsoring an
informal radio dance from 9 to 12
o'clock Saturday at the Women's
Clubhouse. All men of the campus
are invited.
The Union Club is sponsoring an
informal radio dance from 9 to 12
o'clock Saturday at the Women's
Clubhouse. All men of the campus
are invited.
The Union Club is sponsoring an
informal radio dance from 9 to 12
o'clock Saturday at the Women's
Clubhouse. All men of the campus
are invited.
The Union Club is sponsoring an
informal radio dance from 9 to 12
o'clock Saturday at the Women's
Clubhouse. All men of the campus
are invited.
The Union Club is sponsoring an
informal radio dance from 9 to 12
o'clock Saturday at the Women's
Clubhouse. All men of the campus
are invited.
The Union Club is sponsoring an
informal radio dance from 9 to 12
o'clock Saturday at the Women's
Clubhouse. All men of the campus
are invited.
The Union Club is sponsoring an
informal radio dance from 9 to 12
o'clock Saturday at the Women's
Clubhouse. All men of the campus
are invited.
The Union Club is sponsoring an
informal radio dance from 9 to 12
o'clock Saturday at the Women's
Clubhouse. All men of the campus
are invited.
The Union Club is sponsoring an
informal radio dance from 9 to 12
o'clock Saturday at the Women's
Clubhouse. All men of the campus
are invited.
The Union Club is sponsoring an
informal radio dance from 9 to 12
o'clock Saturday at the Women's
Clubhouse. All men of the campus
are invited.
