# Germany Declares U.S. Auto Purchases Taboo
## 
### 
BERLIN, Nov. 7 (/P). —Automobile
manufacturers in the United States i
were declared taboo for Germany
today by Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, min
ister of finance.
He ordered that in the future only
two automobiles of each American
company would be permitted to
enter Germany each year through
clearing arrangements with third
countries. j
One American firm employing 150 1
Germans immediately gave them a j
notice of dismissal effective Decem
ber 1 as a result of the new order.
Another such firm dispatched its
German representative to Geneva
where the directors of his company \
are meeting to urge the dismissal of
18,000 employees working for 1,600
dealers. A third American firm is
considering similar action.

Dartmouth dormitories recently
adopted a plan of student control
whereby the house is governed by |
the men living in it.
BERLIN, Nov. 7 (/P). —Automobile
manufacturers in the United States i
were declared taboo for Germany
today by Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, min
ister of finance.
He ordered that in the future only
two automobiles of each American
company would be permitted to
enter Germany each year through
clearing arrangements with third
countries. j
One American firm employing 150 1
Germans immediately gave them a j
notice of dismissal effective Decem
ber 1 as a result of the new order.
Another such firm dispatched its
German representative to Geneva
where the directors of his company \
are meeting to urge the dismissal of
18,000 employees working for 1,600
dealers. A third American firm is
considering similar action.

Dartmouth dormitories recently
adopted a plan of student control
whereby the house is governed by |
the men living in it.
BERLIN, Nov. 7 (/P). —Automobile
manufacturers in the United States i
were declared taboo for Germany
today by Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, min
ister of finance.
He ordered that in the future only
two automobiles of each American
company would be permitted to
enter Germany each year through
clearing arrangements with third
countries. j
One American firm employing 150 1
Germans immediately gave them a j
notice of dismissal effective Decem
ber 1 as a result of the new order.
Another such firm dispatched its
German representative to Geneva
where the directors of his company \
are meeting to urge the dismissal of
18,000 employees working for 1,600
dealers. A third American firm is
considering similar action.

Dartmouth dormitories recently
adopted a plan of student control
whereby the house is governed by |
the men living in it.
BERLIN, Nov. 7 (/P). —Automobile
manufacturers in the United States i
were declared taboo for Germany
today by Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, min
ister of finance.
He ordered that in the future only
two automobiles of each American
company would be permitted to
enter Germany each year through
clearing arrangements with third
countries. j
One American firm employing 150 1
Germans immediately gave them a j
notice of dismissal effective Decem
ber 1 as a result of the new order.
Another such firm dispatched its
German representative to Geneva
where the directors of his company \
are meeting to urge the dismissal of
18,000 employees working for 1,600
dealers. A third American firm is
considering similar action.

Dartmouth dormitories recently
adopted a plan of student control
whereby the house is governed by |
the men living in it.
BERLIN, Nov. 7 (/P). —Automobile
manufacturers in the United States i
were declared taboo for Germany
today by Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, min
ister of finance.
He ordered that in the future only
two automobiles of each American
company would be permitted to
enter Germany each year through
clearing arrangements with third
countries. j
One American firm employing 150 1
Germans immediately gave them a j
notice of dismissal effective Decem
ber 1 as a result of the new order.
Another such firm dispatched its
German representative to Geneva
where the directors of his company \
are meeting to urge the dismissal of
18,000 employees working for 1,600
dealers. A third American firm is
considering similar action.

Dartmouth dormitories recently
adopted a plan of student control
whereby the house is governed by |
the men living in it.
BERLIN, Nov. 7 (/P). —Automobile
manufacturers in the United States i
were declared taboo for Germany
today by Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, min
ister of finance.
He ordered that in the future only
two automobiles of each American
company would be permitted to
enter Germany each year through
clearing arrangements with third
countries. j
One American firm employing 150 1
Germans immediately gave them a j
notice of dismissal effective Decem
ber 1 as a result of the new order.
Another such firm dispatched its
German representative to Geneva
where the directors of his company \
are meeting to urge the dismissal of
18,000 employees working for 1,600
dealers. A third American firm is
considering similar action.

Dartmouth dormitories recently
adopted a plan of student control
whereby the house is governed by |
the men living in it.
BERLIN, Nov. 7 (/P). —Automobile
manufacturers in the United States i
were declared taboo for Germany
today by Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, min
ister of finance.
He ordered that in the future only
two automobiles of each American
company would be permitted to
enter Germany each year through
clearing arrangements with third
countries. j
One American firm employing 150 1
Germans immediately gave them a j
notice of dismissal effective Decem
ber 1 as a result of the new order.
Another such firm dispatched its
German representative to Geneva
where the directors of his company \
are meeting to urge the dismissal of
18,000 employees working for 1,600
dealers. A third American firm is
considering similar action.

Dartmouth dormitories recently
adopted a plan of student control
whereby the house is governed by |
the men living in it.
BERLIN, Nov. 7 (/P). —Automobile
manufacturers in the United States i
were declared taboo for Germany
today by Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, min
ister of finance.
He ordered that in the future only
two automobiles of each American
company would be permitted to
enter Germany each year through
clearing arrangements with third
countries. j
One American firm employing 150 1
Germans immediately gave them a j
notice of dismissal effective Decem
ber 1 as a result of the new order.
Another such firm dispatched its
German representative to Geneva
where the directors of his company \
are meeting to urge the dismissal of
18,000 employees working for 1,600
dealers. A third American firm is
considering similar action.

Dartmouth dormitories recently
adopted a plan of student control
whereby the house is governed by |
the men living in it.
BERLIN, Nov. 7 (/P). —Automobile
manufacturers in the United States i
were declared taboo for Germany
today by Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, min
ister of finance.
He ordered that in the future only
two automobiles of each American
company would be permitted to
enter Germany each year through
clearing arrangements with third
countries. j
One American firm employing 150 1
Germans immediately gave them a j
notice of dismissal effective Decem
ber 1 as a result of the new order.
Another such firm dispatched its
German representative to Geneva
where the directors of his company \
are meeting to urge the dismissal of
18,000 employees working for 1,600
dealers. A third American firm is
considering similar action.

Dartmouth dormitories recently
adopted a plan of student control
whereby the house is governed by |
the men living in it.
BERLIN, Nov. 7 (/P). —Automobile
manufacturers in the United States i
were declared taboo for Germany
today by Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, min
ister of finance.
He ordered that in the future only
two automobiles of each American
company would be permitted to
enter Germany each year through
clearing arrangements with third
countries. j
One American firm employing 150 1
Germans immediately gave them a j
notice of dismissal effective Decem
ber 1 as a result of the new order.
Another such firm dispatched its
German representative to Geneva
where the directors of his company \
are meeting to urge the dismissal of
18,000 employees working for 1,600
dealers. A third American firm is
considering similar action.

Dartmouth dormitories recently
adopted a plan of student control
whereby the house is governed by |
the men living in it.
BERLIN, Nov. 7 (/P). —Automobile
manufacturers in the United States i
were declared taboo for Germany
today by Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, min
ister of finance.
He ordered that in the future only
two automobiles of each American
company would be permitted to
enter Germany each year through
clearing arrangements with third
countries. j
One American firm employing 150 1
Germans immediately gave them a j
notice of dismissal effective Decem
ber 1 as a result of the new order.
Another such firm dispatched its
German representative to Geneva
where the directors of his company \
are meeting to urge the dismissal of
18,000 employees working for 1,600
dealers. A third American firm is
considering similar action.

Dartmouth dormitories recently
adopted a plan of student control
whereby the house is governed by |
the men living in it.
BERLIN, Nov. 7 (/P). —Automobile
manufacturers in the United States i
were declared taboo for Germany
today by Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, min
ister of finance.
He ordered that in the future only
two automobiles of each American
company would be permitted to
enter Germany each year through
clearing arrangements with third
countries. j
One American firm employing 150 1
Germans immediately gave them a j
notice of dismissal effective Decem
ber 1 as a result of the new order.
Another such firm dispatched its
German representative to Geneva
where the directors of his company \
are meeting to urge the dismissal of
18,000 employees working for 1,600
dealers. A third American firm is
considering similar action.

Dartmouth dormitories recently
adopted a plan of student control
whereby the house is governed by |
the men living in it.
BERLIN, Nov. 7 (/P). —Automobile
manufacturers in the United States i
were declared taboo for Germany
today by Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, min
ister of finance.
He ordered that in the future only
two automobiles of each American
company would be permitted to
enter Germany each year through
clearing arrangements with third
countries. j
One American firm employing 150 1
Germans immediately gave them a j
notice of dismissal effective Decem
ber 1 as a result of the new order.
Another such firm dispatched its
German representative to Geneva
where the directors of his company \
are meeting to urge the dismissal of
18,000 employees working for 1,600
dealers. A third American firm is
considering similar action.

Dartmouth dormitories recently
adopted a plan of student control
whereby the house is governed by |
the men living in it.
BERLIN, Nov. 7 (/P). —Automobile
manufacturers in the United States i
were declared taboo for Germany
today by Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, min
ister of finance.
He ordered that in the future only
two automobiles of each American
company would be permitted to
enter Germany each year through
clearing arrangements with third
countries. j
One American firm employing 150 1
Germans immediately gave them a j
notice of dismissal effective Decem
ber 1 as a result of the new order.
Another such firm dispatched its
German representative to Geneva
where the directors of his company \
are meeting to urge the dismissal of
18,000 employees working for 1,600
dealers. A third American firm is
considering similar action.

Dartmouth dormitories recently
adopted a plan of student control
whereby the house is governed by |
the men living in it.
BERLIN, Nov. 7 (/P). —Automobile
manufacturers in the United States i
were declared taboo for Germany
today by Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, min
ister of finance.
He ordered that in the future only
two automobiles of each American
company would be permitted to
enter Germany each year through
clearing arrangements with third
countries. j
One American firm employing 150 1
Germans immediately gave them a j
notice of dismissal effective Decem
ber 1 as a result of the new order.
Another such firm dispatched its
German representative to Geneva
where the directors of his company \
are meeting to urge the dismissal of
18,000 employees working for 1,600
dealers. A third American firm is
considering similar action.

Dartmouth dormitories recently
adopted a plan of student control
whereby the house is governed by |
the men living in it.
