# Election of Officers.
## 
### 
At a meeting of the Nestoria
Debating Society last Friday eve
ning the following officers were
elected for the coming year: Presi
dent, P. I). Swing, '05; vice-presi
dent, L. Gonsalves, '05; secretary
treasurer, R. Fountain, '05; ser
geant-at-arms, E. C. Rittenhouse,
'04.
At a meeting of the Nestoria
Debating Society last Friday eve
ning the following officers were
elected for the coming year: Presi
dent, P. I). Swing, '05; vice-presi
dent, L. Gonsalves, '05; secretary
treasurer, R. Fountain, '05; ser
geant-at-arms, E. C. Rittenhouse,
'04.
At a meeting of the Nestoria
Debating Society last Friday eve
ning the following officers were
elected for the coming year: Presi
dent, P. I). Swing, '05; vice-presi
dent, L. Gonsalves, '05; secretary
treasurer, R. Fountain, '05; ser
geant-at-arms, E. C. Rittenhouse,
'04.
At a meeting of the Nestoria
Debating Society last Friday eve
ning the following officers were
elected for the coming year: Presi
dent, P. I). Swing, '05; vice-presi
dent, L. Gonsalves, '05; secretary
treasurer, R. Fountain, '05; ser
geant-at-arms, E. C. Rittenhouse,
'04.
At a meeting of the Nestoria
Debating Society last Friday eve
ning the following officers were
elected for the coming year: Presi
dent, P. I). Swing, '05; vice-presi
dent, L. Gonsalves, '05; secretary
treasurer, R. Fountain, '05; ser
geant-at-arms, E. C. Rittenhouse,
'04.
At a meeting of the Nestoria
Debating Society last Friday eve
ning the following officers were
elected for the coming year: Presi
dent, P. I). Swing, '05; vice-presi
dent, L. Gonsalves, '05; secretary
treasurer, R. Fountain, '05; ser
geant-at-arms, E. C. Rittenhouse,
'04.
At a meeting of the Nestoria
Debating Society last Friday eve
ning the following officers were
elected for the coming year: Presi
dent, P. I). Swing, '05; vice-presi
dent, L. Gonsalves, '05; secretary
treasurer, R. Fountain, '05; ser
geant-at-arms, E. C. Rittenhouse,
'04.
At a meeting of the Nestoria
Debating Society last Friday eve
ning the following officers were
elected for the coming year: Presi
dent, P. I). Swing, '05; vice-presi
dent, L. Gonsalves, '05; secretary
treasurer, R. Fountain, '05; ser
geant-at-arms, E. C. Rittenhouse,
'04.
