# Field Meet at Berkeley.
## 
### 
The field-day between the Uni
versity of California and the Uni
versity of Washington, held at
Berkeley Saturday morning, re
sulted in a victory for California,
72 points to 36 points. The show
ing of the northern men was unex
pectedly good, and the work of J.

Pearson was sensational. Pearson
took first place in the 220-yard
dash in the fast time of 0:22.1,
which is two-fifths of a second
faster than Dunn's Stanford record.
Pearson also took first in the 440-
yard dash, covering the distance in
0:50.3, or one-fifth of a second
slower than the Coast record, held
by Dunn of Stanford. In the 100-
vard dash Pearson was beaten out
for first place by Snedigar by one
foot.
Washington took first in the
pole-vault, at a fraction under
10:11, and won the relay. Grant
tied Cooley for first in the high,
McDonald took second in the shot
put and harnmer-throw, and R.
Pearson took second in the half
mile. Washington men took third
places in the 220-yard dash, the
mile, and the two hurdles. Abadie
of California broke the Coast rec
ord in the 50-yard dash, doing it
in 0:05.2.
The field-day between the Uni
versity of California and the Uni
versity of Washington, held at
Berkeley Saturday morning, re
sulted in a victory for California,
72 points to 36 points. The show
ing of the northern men was unex
pectedly good, and the work of J.

Pearson was sensational. Pearson
took first place in the 220-yard
dash in the fast time of 0:22.1,
which is two-fifths of a second
faster than Dunn's Stanford record.
Pearson also took first in the 440-
yard dash, covering the distance in
0:50.3, or one-fifth of a second
slower than the Coast record, held
by Dunn of Stanford. In the 100-
vard dash Pearson was beaten out
for first place by Snedigar by one
foot.
Washington took first in the
pole-vault, at a fraction under
10:11, and won the relay. Grant
tied Cooley for first in the high,
McDonald took second in the shot
put and harnmer-throw, and R.
Pearson took second in the half
mile. Washington men took third
places in the 220-yard dash, the
mile, and the two hurdles. Abadie
of California broke the Coast rec
ord in the 50-yard dash, doing it
in 0:05.2.
The field-day between the Uni
versity of California and the Uni
versity of Washington, held at
Berkeley Saturday morning, re
sulted in a victory for California,
72 points to 36 points. The show
ing of the northern men was unex
pectedly good, and the work of J.

Pearson was sensational. Pearson
took first place in the 220-yard
dash in the fast time of 0:22.1,
which is two-fifths of a second
faster than Dunn's Stanford record.
Pearson also took first in the 440-
yard dash, covering the distance in
0:50.3, or one-fifth of a second
slower than the Coast record, held
by Dunn of Stanford. In the 100-
vard dash Pearson was beaten out
for first place by Snedigar by one
foot.
Washington took first in the
pole-vault, at a fraction under
10:11, and won the relay. Grant
tied Cooley for first in the high,
McDonald took second in the shot
put and harnmer-throw, and R.
Pearson took second in the half
mile. Washington men took third
places in the 220-yard dash, the
mile, and the two hurdles. Abadie
of California broke the Coast rec
ord in the 50-yard dash, doing it
in 0:05.2.
The field-day between the Uni
versity of California and the Uni
versity of Washington, held at
Berkeley Saturday morning, re
sulted in a victory for California,
72 points to 36 points. The show
ing of the northern men was unex
pectedly good, and the work of J.

Pearson was sensational. Pearson
took first place in the 220-yard
dash in the fast time of 0:22.1,
which is two-fifths of a second
faster than Dunn's Stanford record.
Pearson also took first in the 440-
yard dash, covering the distance in
0:50.3, or one-fifth of a second
slower than the Coast record, held
by Dunn of Stanford. In the 100-
vard dash Pearson was beaten out
for first place by Snedigar by one
foot.
Washington took first in the
pole-vault, at a fraction under
10:11, and won the relay. Grant
tied Cooley for first in the high,
McDonald took second in the shot
put and harnmer-throw, and R.
Pearson took second in the half
mile. Washington men took third
places in the 220-yard dash, the
mile, and the two hurdles. Abadie
of California broke the Coast rec
ord in the 50-yard dash, doing it
in 0:05.2.
The field-day between the Uni
versity of California and the Uni
versity of Washington, held at
Berkeley Saturday morning, re
sulted in a victory for California,
72 points to 36 points. The show
ing of the northern men was unex
pectedly good, and the work of J.

Pearson was sensational. Pearson
took first place in the 220-yard
dash in the fast time of 0:22.1,
which is two-fifths of a second
faster than Dunn's Stanford record.
Pearson also took first in the 440-
yard dash, covering the distance in
0:50.3, or one-fifth of a second
slower than the Coast record, held
by Dunn of Stanford. In the 100-
vard dash Pearson was beaten out
for first place by Snedigar by one
foot.
Washington took first in the
pole-vault, at a fraction under
10:11, and won the relay. Grant
tied Cooley for first in the high,
McDonald took second in the shot
put and harnmer-throw, and R.
Pearson took second in the half
mile. Washington men took third
places in the 220-yard dash, the
mile, and the two hurdles. Abadie
of California broke the Coast rec
ord in the 50-yard dash, doing it
in 0:05.2.
The field-day between the Uni
versity of California and the Uni
versity of Washington, held at
Berkeley Saturday morning, re
sulted in a victory for California,
72 points to 36 points. The show
ing of the northern men was unex
pectedly good, and the work of J.

Pearson was sensational. Pearson
took first place in the 220-yard
dash in the fast time of 0:22.1,
which is two-fifths of a second
faster than Dunn's Stanford record.
Pearson also took first in the 440-
yard dash, covering the distance in
0:50.3, or one-fifth of a second
slower than the Coast record, held
by Dunn of Stanford. In the 100-
vard dash Pearson was beaten out
for first place by Snedigar by one
foot.
Washington took first in the
pole-vault, at a fraction under
10:11, and won the relay. Grant
tied Cooley for first in the high,
McDonald took second in the shot
put and harnmer-throw, and R.
Pearson took second in the half
mile. Washington men took third
places in the 220-yard dash, the
mile, and the two hurdles. Abadie
of California broke the Coast rec
ord in the 50-yard dash, doing it
in 0:05.2.
The field-day between the Uni
versity of California and the Uni
versity of Washington, held at
Berkeley Saturday morning, re
sulted in a victory for California,
72 points to 36 points. The show
ing of the northern men was unex
pectedly good, and the work of J.

Pearson was sensational. Pearson
took first place in the 220-yard
dash in the fast time of 0:22.1,
which is two-fifths of a second
faster than Dunn's Stanford record.
Pearson also took first in the 440-
yard dash, covering the distance in
0:50.3, or one-fifth of a second
slower than the Coast record, held
by Dunn of Stanford. In the 100-
vard dash Pearson was beaten out
for first place by Snedigar by one
foot.
Washington took first in the
pole-vault, at a fraction under
10:11, and won the relay. Grant
tied Cooley for first in the high,
McDonald took second in the shot
put and harnmer-throw, and R.
Pearson took second in the half
mile. Washington men took third
places in the 220-yard dash, the
mile, and the two hurdles. Abadie
of California broke the Coast rec
ord in the 50-yard dash, doing it
in 0:05.2.
The field-day between the Uni
versity of California and the Uni
versity of Washington, held at
Berkeley Saturday morning, re
sulted in a victory for California,
72 points to 36 points. The show
ing of the northern men was unex
pectedly good, and the work of J.

Pearson was sensational. Pearson
took first place in the 220-yard
dash in the fast time of 0:22.1,
which is two-fifths of a second
faster than Dunn's Stanford record.
Pearson also took first in the 440-
yard dash, covering the distance in
0:50.3, or one-fifth of a second
slower than the Coast record, held
by Dunn of Stanford. In the 100-
vard dash Pearson was beaten out
for first place by Snedigar by one
foot.
Washington took first in the
pole-vault, at a fraction under
10:11, and won the relay. Grant
tied Cooley for first in the high,
McDonald took second in the shot
put and harnmer-throw, and R.
Pearson took second in the half
mile. Washington men took third
places in the 220-yard dash, the
mile, and the two hurdles. Abadie
of California broke the Coast rec
ord in the 50-yard dash, doing it
in 0:05.2.
