# Crothers Blanked By Phi Kaps 26-0
## 
### 
The Phi Kap ll's won their third
consecutive intramural football
contest yesterday afternoon by
smothering Crothers 2(5 to 0.
The Phi Kap ll's won their third
consecutive intramural football
contest yesterday afternoon by
smothering Crothers 2(5 to 0.
The Phi Kap ll's won their third
consecutive intramural football
contest yesterday afternoon by
smothering Crothers 2(5 to 0.
The Phi Kap ll's won their third
consecutive intramural football
contest yesterday afternoon by
smothering Crothers 2(5 to 0.
The Phi Kap ll's won their third
consecutive intramural football
contest yesterday afternoon by
smothering Crothers 2(5 to 0.
The Phi Kap ll's won their third
consecutive intramural football
contest yesterday afternoon by
smothering Crothers 2(5 to 0.
The Phi Kap ll's won their third
consecutive intramural football
contest yesterday afternoon by
smothering Crothers 2(5 to 0.
The Phi Kap ll's won their third
consecutive intramural football
contest yesterday afternoon by
smothering Crothers 2(5 to 0.
The Phi Kap ll's won their third
consecutive intramural football
contest yesterday afternoon by
smothering Crothers 2(5 to 0.
The Phi Kap ll's won their third
consecutive intramural football
contest yesterday afternoon by
smothering Crothers 2(5 to 0.
The Phi Kap ll's won their third
consecutive intramural football
contest yesterday afternoon by
smothering Crothers 2(5 to 0.
The Phi Kap ll's won their third
consecutive intramural football
contest yesterday afternoon by
smothering Crothers 2(5 to 0.
The Phi Kap ll's won their third
consecutive intramural football
contest yesterday afternoon by
smothering Crothers 2(5 to 0.
The Phi Kap ll's won their third
consecutive intramural football
contest yesterday afternoon by
smothering Crothers 2(5 to 0.
