# Berlin Bell Dedicated
## 
### 
BERLIN — Gen. Lucius D. Clay,
former American commander -in -
chief in Gerany, came back to
Western Berlin, the scene of his
triumph over the Russians, to dedi
cate a "Freedom Bell" as a symbol
of liberty to the German people
whose hearts he won.
Clay and American High Com
missioner John J. McCloy dedicated
the 10-ton bell, installed in a spe
cial new belfry in the West Berlin
city hall, as the climax of an Amer
ican-sponsored Crusade for Free
dom. Many slipped over from the
Soviet zone for the cercmony.
BERLIN — Gen. Lucius D. Clay,
former American commander -in -
chief in Gerany, came back to
Western Berlin, the scene of his
triumph over the Russians, to dedi
cate a "Freedom Bell" as a symbol
of liberty to the German people
whose hearts he won.
Clay and American High Com
missioner John J. McCloy dedicated
the 10-ton bell, installed in a spe
cial new belfry in the West Berlin
city hall, as the climax of an Amer
ican-sponsored Crusade for Free
dom. Many slipped over from the
Soviet zone for the cercmony.
BERLIN — Gen. Lucius D. Clay,
former American commander -in -
chief in Gerany, came back to
Western Berlin, the scene of his
triumph over the Russians, to dedi
cate a "Freedom Bell" as a symbol
of liberty to the German people
whose hearts he won.
Clay and American High Com
missioner John J. McCloy dedicated
the 10-ton bell, installed in a spe
cial new belfry in the West Berlin
city hall, as the climax of an Amer
ican-sponsored Crusade for Free
dom. Many slipped over from the
Soviet zone for the cercmony.
BERLIN — Gen. Lucius D. Clay,
former American commander -in -
chief in Gerany, came back to
Western Berlin, the scene of his
triumph over the Russians, to dedi
cate a "Freedom Bell" as a symbol
of liberty to the German people
whose hearts he won.
Clay and American High Com
missioner John J. McCloy dedicated
the 10-ton bell, installed in a spe
cial new belfry in the West Berlin
city hall, as the climax of an Amer
ican-sponsored Crusade for Free
dom. Many slipped over from the
Soviet zone for the cercmony.
BERLIN — Gen. Lucius D. Clay,
former American commander -in -
chief in Gerany, came back to
Western Berlin, the scene of his
triumph over the Russians, to dedi
cate a "Freedom Bell" as a symbol
of liberty to the German people
whose hearts he won.
Clay and American High Com
missioner John J. McCloy dedicated
the 10-ton bell, installed in a spe
cial new belfry in the West Berlin
city hall, as the climax of an Amer
ican-sponsored Crusade for Free
dom. Many slipped over from the
Soviet zone for the cercmony.
BERLIN — Gen. Lucius D. Clay,
former American commander -in -
chief in Gerany, came back to
Western Berlin, the scene of his
triumph over the Russians, to dedi
cate a "Freedom Bell" as a symbol
of liberty to the German people
whose hearts he won.
Clay and American High Com
missioner John J. McCloy dedicated
the 10-ton bell, installed in a spe
cial new belfry in the West Berlin
city hall, as the climax of an Amer
ican-sponsored Crusade for Free
dom. Many slipped over from the
Soviet zone for the cercmony.
BERLIN — Gen. Lucius D. Clay,
former American commander -in -
chief in Gerany, came back to
Western Berlin, the scene of his
triumph over the Russians, to dedi
cate a "Freedom Bell" as a symbol
of liberty to the German people
whose hearts he won.
Clay and American High Com
missioner John J. McCloy dedicated
the 10-ton bell, installed in a spe
cial new belfry in the West Berlin
city hall, as the climax of an Amer
ican-sponsored Crusade for Free
dom. Many slipped over from the
Soviet zone for the cercmony.
BERLIN — Gen. Lucius D. Clay,
former American commander -in -
chief in Gerany, came back to
Western Berlin, the scene of his
triumph over the Russians, to dedi
cate a "Freedom Bell" as a symbol
of liberty to the German people
whose hearts he won.
Clay and American High Com
missioner John J. McCloy dedicated
the 10-ton bell, installed in a spe
cial new belfry in the West Berlin
city hall, as the climax of an Amer
ican-sponsored Crusade for Free
dom. Many slipped over from the
Soviet zone for the cercmony.
BERLIN — Gen. Lucius D. Clay,
former American commander -in -
chief in Gerany, came back to
Western Berlin, the scene of his
triumph over the Russians, to dedi
cate a "Freedom Bell" as a symbol
of liberty to the German people
whose hearts he won.
Clay and American High Com
missioner John J. McCloy dedicated
the 10-ton bell, installed in a spe
cial new belfry in the West Berlin
city hall, as the climax of an Amer
ican-sponsored Crusade for Free
dom. Many slipped over from the
Soviet zone for the cercmony.
BERLIN — Gen. Lucius D. Clay,
former American commander -in -
chief in Gerany, came back to
Western Berlin, the scene of his
triumph over the Russians, to dedi
cate a "Freedom Bell" as a symbol
of liberty to the German people
whose hearts he won.
Clay and American High Com
missioner John J. McCloy dedicated
the 10-ton bell, installed in a spe
cial new belfry in the West Berlin
city hall, as the climax of an Amer
ican-sponsored Crusade for Free
dom. Many slipped over from the
Soviet zone for the cercmony.
BERLIN — Gen. Lucius D. Clay,
former American commander -in -
chief in Gerany, came back to
Western Berlin, the scene of his
triumph over the Russians, to dedi
cate a "Freedom Bell" as a symbol
of liberty to the German people
whose hearts he won.
Clay and American High Com
missioner John J. McCloy dedicated
the 10-ton bell, installed in a spe
cial new belfry in the West Berlin
city hall, as the climax of an Amer
ican-sponsored Crusade for Free
dom. Many slipped over from the
Soviet zone for the cercmony.
BERLIN — Gen. Lucius D. Clay,
former American commander -in -
chief in Gerany, came back to
Western Berlin, the scene of his
triumph over the Russians, to dedi
cate a "Freedom Bell" as a symbol
of liberty to the German people
whose hearts he won.
Clay and American High Com
missioner John J. McCloy dedicated
the 10-ton bell, installed in a spe
cial new belfry in the West Berlin
city hall, as the climax of an Amer
ican-sponsored Crusade for Free
dom. Many slipped over from the
Soviet zone for the cercmony.
BERLIN — Gen. Lucius D. Clay,
former American commander -in -
chief in Gerany, came back to
Western Berlin, the scene of his
triumph over the Russians, to dedi
cate a "Freedom Bell" as a symbol
of liberty to the German people
whose hearts he won.
Clay and American High Com
missioner John J. McCloy dedicated
the 10-ton bell, installed in a spe
cial new belfry in the West Berlin
city hall, as the climax of an Amer
ican-sponsored Crusade for Free
dom. Many slipped over from the
Soviet zone for the cercmony.
BERLIN — Gen. Lucius D. Clay,
former American commander -in -
chief in Gerany, came back to
Western Berlin, the scene of his
triumph over the Russians, to dedi
cate a "Freedom Bell" as a symbol
of liberty to the German people
whose hearts he won.
Clay and American High Com
missioner John J. McCloy dedicated
the 10-ton bell, installed in a spe
cial new belfry in the West Berlin
city hall, as the climax of an Amer
ican-sponsored Crusade for Free
dom. Many slipped over from the
Soviet zone for the cercmony.
