# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Lou Hull, '52, to
Eric Holmes, '51.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Lou Hull, '52, to
Eric Holmes, '51.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Lou Hull, '52, to
Eric Holmes, '51.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Lou Hull, '52, to
Eric Holmes, '51.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Lou Hull, '52, to
Eric Holmes, '51.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Lou Hull, '52, to
Eric Holmes, '51.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Lou Hull, '52, to
Eric Holmes, '51.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Lou Hull, '52, to
Eric Holmes, '51.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Lou Hull, '52, to
Eric Holmes, '51.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Lou Hull, '52, to
Eric Holmes, '51.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Lou Hull, '52, to
Eric Holmes, '51.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Lou Hull, '52, to
Eric Holmes, '51.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Lou Hull, '52, to
Eric Holmes, '51.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Lou Hull, '52, to
Eric Holmes, '51.
