# Adv. 14 Page 5
## 
### 
Quote of the Day
"This is the first real scan
dal we have had. Compared
to the cost recovery (contro
versy), which was largely
inadvertent, these characters
were acting like buccaneers."
— History Prof. Paul
Seaver, on disclosures that
Stanford's Bookstore lost
close to $2 million in the
stock market last year, and
its top management enjoy a
host of perquisites that
include the free use of a
vacation home, motor home,
sailboat and luxury automo
biles. Some members of the
Faculty Senate yesterday
called for a separate review
of the Bookstore. See story,
front page.
Quote of the Day
"This is the first real scan
dal we have had. Compared
to the cost recovery (contro
versy), which was largely
inadvertent, these characters
were acting like buccaneers."
— History Prof. Paul
Seaver, on disclosures that
Stanford's Bookstore lost
close to $2 million in the
stock market last year, and
its top management enjoy a
host of perquisites that
include the free use of a
vacation home, motor home,
sailboat and luxury automo
biles. Some members of the
Faculty Senate yesterday
called for a separate review
of the Bookstore. See story,
front page.
Quote of the Day
"This is the first real scan
dal we have had. Compared
to the cost recovery (contro
versy), which was largely
inadvertent, these characters
were acting like buccaneers."
— History Prof. Paul
Seaver, on disclosures that
Stanford's Bookstore lost
close to $2 million in the
stock market last year, and
its top management enjoy a
host of perquisites that
include the free use of a
vacation home, motor home,
sailboat and luxury automo
biles. Some members of the
Faculty Senate yesterday
called for a separate review
of the Bookstore. See story,
front page.
Quote of the Day
"This is the first real scan
dal we have had. Compared
to the cost recovery (contro
versy), which was largely
inadvertent, these characters
were acting like buccaneers."
— History Prof. Paul
Seaver, on disclosures that
Stanford's Bookstore lost
close to $2 million in the
stock market last year, and
its top management enjoy a
host of perquisites that
include the free use of a
vacation home, motor home,
sailboat and luxury automo
biles. Some members of the
Faculty Senate yesterday
called for a separate review
of the Bookstore. See story,
front page.
Quote of the Day
"This is the first real scan
dal we have had. Compared
to the cost recovery (contro
versy), which was largely
inadvertent, these characters
were acting like buccaneers."
— History Prof. Paul
Seaver, on disclosures that
Stanford's Bookstore lost
close to $2 million in the
stock market last year, and
its top management enjoy a
host of perquisites that
include the free use of a
vacation home, motor home,
sailboat and luxury automo
biles. Some members of the
Faculty Senate yesterday
called for a separate review
of the Bookstore. See story,
front page.
Quote of the Day
"This is the first real scan
dal we have had. Compared
to the cost recovery (contro
versy), which was largely
inadvertent, these characters
were acting like buccaneers."
— History Prof. Paul
Seaver, on disclosures that
Stanford's Bookstore lost
close to $2 million in the
stock market last year, and
its top management enjoy a
host of perquisites that
include the free use of a
vacation home, motor home,
sailboat and luxury automo
biles. Some members of the
Faculty Senate yesterday
called for a separate review
of the Bookstore. See story,
front page.
Quote of the Day
"This is the first real scan
dal we have had. Compared
to the cost recovery (contro
versy), which was largely
inadvertent, these characters
were acting like buccaneers."
— History Prof. Paul
Seaver, on disclosures that
Stanford's Bookstore lost
close to $2 million in the
stock market last year, and
its top management enjoy a
host of perquisites that
include the free use of a
vacation home, motor home,
sailboat and luxury automo
biles. Some members of the
Faculty Senate yesterday
called for a separate review
of the Bookstore. See story,
front page.
Quote of the Day
"This is the first real scan
dal we have had. Compared
to the cost recovery (contro
versy), which was largely
inadvertent, these characters
were acting like buccaneers."
— History Prof. Paul
Seaver, on disclosures that
Stanford's Bookstore lost
close to $2 million in the
stock market last year, and
its top management enjoy a
host of perquisites that
include the free use of a
vacation home, motor home,
sailboat and luxury automo
biles. Some members of the
Faculty Senate yesterday
called for a separate review
of the Bookstore. See story,
front page.
