# Personnel Board Announces 4 Jobs
## 
### 
Two positions for men only, car
rying beginning salaries of $260 per
month, and two jobs for women,
carrying salaries of $260 and $215
per month, will be filled by com
petitive civil service examinations
in the middle of May, according to
the most recent announcement of
the State Personnel Board.

The two jobs for men to be filled
are those of Supervisor of Appren
tice Labor Agreements, a co-ordi
nating position needed in the de
fense program, and of Supervising
Seed Inspector, which requires
graduation from college with major
work in botany, as well as prac
tical experience.
Two positions for men only, car
rying beginning salaries of $260 per
month, and two jobs for women,
carrying salaries of $260 and $215
per month, will be filled by com
petitive civil service examinations
in the middle of May, according to
the most recent announcement of
the State Personnel Board.

The two jobs for men to be filled
are those of Supervisor of Appren
tice Labor Agreements, a co-ordi
nating position needed in the de
fense program, and of Supervising
Seed Inspector, which requires
graduation from college with major
work in botany, as well as prac
tical experience.
Two positions for men only, car
rying beginning salaries of $260 per
month, and two jobs for women,
carrying salaries of $260 and $215
per month, will be filled by com
petitive civil service examinations
in the middle of May, according to
the most recent announcement of
the State Personnel Board.

The two jobs for men to be filled
are those of Supervisor of Appren
tice Labor Agreements, a co-ordi
nating position needed in the de
fense program, and of Supervising
Seed Inspector, which requires
graduation from college with major
work in botany, as well as prac
tical experience.
Two positions for men only, car
rying beginning salaries of $260 per
month, and two jobs for women,
carrying salaries of $260 and $215
per month, will be filled by com
petitive civil service examinations
in the middle of May, according to
the most recent announcement of
the State Personnel Board.

The two jobs for men to be filled
are those of Supervisor of Appren
tice Labor Agreements, a co-ordi
nating position needed in the de
fense program, and of Supervising
Seed Inspector, which requires
graduation from college with major
work in botany, as well as prac
tical experience.
Two positions for men only, car
rying beginning salaries of $260 per
month, and two jobs for women,
carrying salaries of $260 and $215
per month, will be filled by com
petitive civil service examinations
in the middle of May, according to
the most recent announcement of
the State Personnel Board.

The two jobs for men to be filled
are those of Supervisor of Appren
tice Labor Agreements, a co-ordi
nating position needed in the de
fense program, and of Supervising
Seed Inspector, which requires
graduation from college with major
work in botany, as well as prac
tical experience.
Two positions for men only, car
rying beginning salaries of $260 per
month, and two jobs for women,
carrying salaries of $260 and $215
per month, will be filled by com
petitive civil service examinations
in the middle of May, according to
the most recent announcement of
the State Personnel Board.

The two jobs for men to be filled
are those of Supervisor of Appren
tice Labor Agreements, a co-ordi
nating position needed in the de
fense program, and of Supervising
Seed Inspector, which requires
graduation from college with major
work in botany, as well as prac
tical experience.
Two positions for men only, car
rying beginning salaries of $260 per
month, and two jobs for women,
carrying salaries of $260 and $215
per month, will be filled by com
petitive civil service examinations
in the middle of May, according to
the most recent announcement of
the State Personnel Board.

The two jobs for men to be filled
are those of Supervisor of Appren
tice Labor Agreements, a co-ordi
nating position needed in the de
fense program, and of Supervising
Seed Inspector, which requires
graduation from college with major
work in botany, as well as prac
tical experience.
Two positions for men only, car
rying beginning salaries of $260 per
month, and two jobs for women,
carrying salaries of $260 and $215
per month, will be filled by com
petitive civil service examinations
in the middle of May, according to
the most recent announcement of
the State Personnel Board.

The two jobs for men to be filled
are those of Supervisor of Appren
tice Labor Agreements, a co-ordi
nating position needed in the de
fense program, and of Supervising
Seed Inspector, which requires
graduation from college with major
work in botany, as well as prac
tical experience.
Two positions for men only, car
rying beginning salaries of $260 per
month, and two jobs for women,
carrying salaries of $260 and $215
per month, will be filled by com
petitive civil service examinations
in the middle of May, according to
the most recent announcement of
the State Personnel Board.

The two jobs for men to be filled
are those of Supervisor of Appren
tice Labor Agreements, a co-ordi
nating position needed in the de
fense program, and of Supervising
Seed Inspector, which requires
graduation from college with major
work in botany, as well as prac
tical experience.
Two positions for men only, car
rying beginning salaries of $260 per
month, and two jobs for women,
carrying salaries of $260 and $215
per month, will be filled by com
petitive civil service examinations
in the middle of May, according to
the most recent announcement of
the State Personnel Board.

The two jobs for men to be filled
are those of Supervisor of Appren
tice Labor Agreements, a co-ordi
nating position needed in the de
fense program, and of Supervising
Seed Inspector, which requires
graduation from college with major
work in botany, as well as prac
tical experience.
Two positions for men only, car
rying beginning salaries of $260 per
month, and two jobs for women,
carrying salaries of $260 and $215
per month, will be filled by com
petitive civil service examinations
in the middle of May, according to
the most recent announcement of
the State Personnel Board.

The two jobs for men to be filled
are those of Supervisor of Appren
tice Labor Agreements, a co-ordi
nating position needed in the de
fense program, and of Supervising
Seed Inspector, which requires
graduation from college with major
work in botany, as well as prac
tical experience.
Two positions for men only, car
rying beginning salaries of $260 per
month, and two jobs for women,
carrying salaries of $260 and $215
per month, will be filled by com
petitive civil service examinations
in the middle of May, according to
the most recent announcement of
the State Personnel Board.

The two jobs for men to be filled
are those of Supervisor of Appren
tice Labor Agreements, a co-ordi
nating position needed in the de
fense program, and of Supervising
Seed Inspector, which requires
graduation from college with major
work in botany, as well as prac
tical experience.
Two positions for men only, car
rying beginning salaries of $260 per
month, and two jobs for women,
carrying salaries of $260 and $215
per month, will be filled by com
petitive civil service examinations
in the middle of May, according to
the most recent announcement of
the State Personnel Board.

The two jobs for men to be filled
are those of Supervisor of Appren
tice Labor Agreements, a co-ordi
nating position needed in the de
fense program, and of Supervising
Seed Inspector, which requires
graduation from college with major
work in botany, as well as prac
tical experience.
Two positions for men only, car
rying beginning salaries of $260 per
month, and two jobs for women,
carrying salaries of $260 and $215
per month, will be filled by com
petitive civil service examinations
in the middle of May, according to
the most recent announcement of
the State Personnel Board.

The two jobs for men to be filled
are those of Supervisor of Appren
tice Labor Agreements, a co-ordi
nating position needed in the de
fense program, and of Supervising
Seed Inspector, which requires
graduation from college with major
work in botany, as well as prac
tical experience.
Two positions for men only, car
rying beginning salaries of $260 per
month, and two jobs for women,
carrying salaries of $260 and $215
per month, will be filled by com
petitive civil service examinations
in the middle of May, according to
the most recent announcement of
the State Personnel Board.

The two jobs for men to be filled
are those of Supervisor of Appren
tice Labor Agreements, a co-ordi
nating position needed in the de
fense program, and of Supervising
Seed Inspector, which requires
graduation from college with major
work in botany, as well as prac
tical experience.
Two positions for men only, car
rying beginning salaries of $260 per
month, and two jobs for women,
carrying salaries of $260 and $215
per month, will be filled by com
petitive civil service examinations
in the middle of May, according to
the most recent announcement of
the State Personnel Board.

The two jobs for men to be filled
are those of Supervisor of Appren
tice Labor Agreements, a co-ordi
nating position needed in the de
fense program, and of Supervising
Seed Inspector, which requires
graduation from college with major
work in botany, as well as prac
tical experience.
Two positions for men only, car
rying beginning salaries of $260 per
month, and two jobs for women,
carrying salaries of $260 and $215
per month, will be filled by com
petitive civil service examinations
in the middle of May, according to
the most recent announcement of
the State Personnel Board.

The two jobs for men to be filled
are those of Supervisor of Appren
tice Labor Agreements, a co-ordi
nating position needed in the de
fense program, and of Supervising
Seed Inspector, which requires
graduation from college with major
work in botany, as well as prac
tical experience.
Two positions for men only, car
rying beginning salaries of $260 per
month, and two jobs for women,
carrying salaries of $260 and $215
per month, will be filled by com
petitive civil service examinations
in the middle of May, according to
the most recent announcement of
the State Personnel Board.

The two jobs for men to be filled
are those of Supervisor of Appren
tice Labor Agreements, a co-ordi
nating position needed in the de
fense program, and of Supervising
Seed Inspector, which requires
graduation from college with major
work in botany, as well as prac
tical experience.
