# SYLLABUS FEES
## 
### 
Syllabus fees will be payable
■without fine Tuesday, May 13, at
the cashier's office in the Adminis
tration Building. All rumors to the
effect that these fees are payable
earlier are a hoax.
Syllabus fees will be payable
■without fine Tuesday, May 13, at
the cashier's office in the Adminis
tration Building. All rumors to the
effect that these fees are payable
earlier are a hoax.
Syllabus fees will be payable
■without fine Tuesday, May 13, at
the cashier's office in the Adminis
tration Building. All rumors to the
effect that these fees are payable
earlier are a hoax.
Syllabus fees will be payable
■without fine Tuesday, May 13, at
the cashier's office in the Adminis
tration Building. All rumors to the
effect that these fees are payable
earlier are a hoax.
Syllabus fees will be payable
■without fine Tuesday, May 13, at
the cashier's office in the Adminis
tration Building. All rumors to the
effect that these fees are payable
earlier are a hoax.
Syllabus fees will be payable
■without fine Tuesday, May 13, at
the cashier's office in the Adminis
tration Building. All rumors to the
effect that these fees are payable
earlier are a hoax.
Syllabus fees will be payable
■without fine Tuesday, May 13, at
the cashier's office in the Adminis
tration Building. All rumors to the
effect that these fees are payable
earlier are a hoax.
Syllabus fees will be payable
■without fine Tuesday, May 13, at
the cashier's office in the Adminis
tration Building. All rumors to the
effect that these fees are payable
earlier are a hoax.
Syllabus fees will be payable
■without fine Tuesday, May 13, at
the cashier's office in the Adminis
tration Building. All rumors to the
effect that these fees are payable
earlier are a hoax.
Syllabus fees will be payable
■without fine Tuesday, May 13, at
the cashier's office in the Adminis
tration Building. All rumors to the
effect that these fees are payable
earlier are a hoax.
Syllabus fees will be payable
■without fine Tuesday, May 13, at
the cashier's office in the Adminis
tration Building. All rumors to the
effect that these fees are payable
earlier are a hoax.
Syllabus fees will be payable
■without fine Tuesday, May 13, at
the cashier's office in the Adminis
tration Building. All rumors to the
effect that these fees are payable
earlier are a hoax.
Syllabus fees will be payable
■without fine Tuesday, May 13, at
the cashier's office in the Adminis
tration Building. All rumors to the
effect that these fees are payable
earlier are a hoax.
Syllabus fees will be payable
■without fine Tuesday, May 13, at
the cashier's office in the Adminis
tration Building. All rumors to the
effect that these fees are payable
earlier are a hoax.
Syllabus fees will be payable
■without fine Tuesday, May 13, at
the cashier's office in the Adminis
tration Building. All rumors to the
effect that these fees are payable
earlier are a hoax.
Syllabus fees will be payable
■without fine Tuesday, May 13, at
the cashier's office in the Adminis
tration Building. All rumors to the
effect that these fees are payable
earlier are a hoax.
Syllabus fees will be payable
■without fine Tuesday, May 13, at
the cashier's office in the Adminis
tration Building. All rumors to the
effect that these fees are payable
earlier are a hoax.
Syllabus fees will be payable
■without fine Tuesday, May 13, at
the cashier's office in the Adminis
tration Building. All rumors to the
effect that these fees are payable
earlier are a hoax.
