# MEDICAL TEST THURSDAY
## 
### 
All students who intend to enter
any medical school by the fall of
1941 are required to take Medical
Aptitude Test this Thursday at 2
p.m. in Room 214. This test has
been accepted fcy the Board of
American Medical Colleges as a re
quirement, and it must be taken,
unless a student has already taken
it. There is a one-dollar fee.

Of 29.904,603 families in the Uni
ted States, 14.002,074 families own
their own homes.
All students who intend to enter
any medical school by the fall of
1941 are required to take Medical
Aptitude Test this Thursday at 2
p.m. in Room 214. This test has
been accepted fcy the Board of
American Medical Colleges as a re
quirement, and it must be taken,
unless a student has already taken
it. There is a one-dollar fee.

Of 29.904,603 families in the Uni
ted States, 14.002,074 families own
their own homes.
All students who intend to enter
any medical school by the fall of
1941 are required to take Medical
Aptitude Test this Thursday at 2
p.m. in Room 214. This test has
been accepted fcy the Board of
American Medical Colleges as a re
quirement, and it must be taken,
unless a student has already taken
it. There is a one-dollar fee.

Of 29.904,603 families in the Uni
ted States, 14.002,074 families own
their own homes.
All students who intend to enter
any medical school by the fall of
1941 are required to take Medical
Aptitude Test this Thursday at 2
p.m. in Room 214. This test has
been accepted fcy the Board of
American Medical Colleges as a re
quirement, and it must be taken,
unless a student has already taken
it. There is a one-dollar fee.

Of 29.904,603 families in the Uni
ted States, 14.002,074 families own
their own homes.
All students who intend to enter
any medical school by the fall of
1941 are required to take Medical
Aptitude Test this Thursday at 2
p.m. in Room 214. This test has
been accepted fcy the Board of
American Medical Colleges as a re
quirement, and it must be taken,
unless a student has already taken
it. There is a one-dollar fee.

Of 29.904,603 families in the Uni
ted States, 14.002,074 families own
their own homes.
All students who intend to enter
any medical school by the fall of
1941 are required to take Medical
Aptitude Test this Thursday at 2
p.m. in Room 214. This test has
been accepted fcy the Board of
American Medical Colleges as a re
quirement, and it must be taken,
unless a student has already taken
it. There is a one-dollar fee.

Of 29.904,603 families in the Uni
ted States, 14.002,074 families own
their own homes.
All students who intend to enter
any medical school by the fall of
1941 are required to take Medical
Aptitude Test this Thursday at 2
p.m. in Room 214. This test has
been accepted fcy the Board of
American Medical Colleges as a re
quirement, and it must be taken,
unless a student has already taken
it. There is a one-dollar fee.

Of 29.904,603 families in the Uni
ted States, 14.002,074 families own
their own homes.
All students who intend to enter
any medical school by the fall of
1941 are required to take Medical
Aptitude Test this Thursday at 2
p.m. in Room 214. This test has
been accepted fcy the Board of
American Medical Colleges as a re
quirement, and it must be taken,
unless a student has already taken
it. There is a one-dollar fee.

Of 29.904,603 families in the Uni
ted States, 14.002,074 families own
their own homes.
All students who intend to enter
any medical school by the fall of
1941 are required to take Medical
Aptitude Test this Thursday at 2
p.m. in Room 214. This test has
been accepted fcy the Board of
American Medical Colleges as a re
quirement, and it must be taken,
unless a student has already taken
it. There is a one-dollar fee.

Of 29.904,603 families in the Uni
ted States, 14.002,074 families own
their own homes.
All students who intend to enter
any medical school by the fall of
1941 are required to take Medical
Aptitude Test this Thursday at 2
p.m. in Room 214. This test has
been accepted fcy the Board of
American Medical Colleges as a re
quirement, and it must be taken,
unless a student has already taken
it. There is a one-dollar fee.

Of 29.904,603 families in the Uni
ted States, 14.002,074 families own
their own homes.
All students who intend to enter
any medical school by the fall of
1941 are required to take Medical
Aptitude Test this Thursday at 2
p.m. in Room 214. This test has
been accepted fcy the Board of
American Medical Colleges as a re
quirement, and it must be taken,
unless a student has already taken
it. There is a one-dollar fee.

Of 29.904,603 families in the Uni
ted States, 14.002,074 families own
their own homes.
All students who intend to enter
any medical school by the fall of
1941 are required to take Medical
Aptitude Test this Thursday at 2
p.m. in Room 214. This test has
been accepted fcy the Board of
American Medical Colleges as a re
quirement, and it must be taken,
unless a student has already taken
it. There is a one-dollar fee.

Of 29.904,603 families in the Uni
ted States, 14.002,074 families own
their own homes.
All students who intend to enter
any medical school by the fall of
1941 are required to take Medical
Aptitude Test this Thursday at 2
p.m. in Room 214. This test has
been accepted fcy the Board of
American Medical Colleges as a re
quirement, and it must be taken,
unless a student has already taken
it. There is a one-dollar fee.

Of 29.904,603 families in the Uni
ted States, 14.002,074 families own
their own homes.
All students who intend to enter
any medical school by the fall of
1941 are required to take Medical
Aptitude Test this Thursday at 2
p.m. in Room 214. This test has
been accepted fcy the Board of
American Medical Colleges as a re
quirement, and it must be taken,
unless a student has already taken
it. There is a one-dollar fee.

Of 29.904,603 families in the Uni
ted States, 14.002,074 families own
their own homes.
All students who intend to enter
any medical school by the fall of
1941 are required to take Medical
Aptitude Test this Thursday at 2
p.m. in Room 214. This test has
been accepted fcy the Board of
American Medical Colleges as a re
quirement, and it must be taken,
unless a student has already taken
it. There is a one-dollar fee.

Of 29.904,603 families in the Uni
ted States, 14.002,074 families own
their own homes.
All students who intend to enter
any medical school by the fall of
1941 are required to take Medical
Aptitude Test this Thursday at 2
p.m. in Room 214. This test has
been accepted fcy the Board of
American Medical Colleges as a re
quirement, and it must be taken,
unless a student has already taken
it. There is a one-dollar fee.

Of 29.904,603 families in the Uni
ted States, 14.002,074 families own
their own homes.
All students who intend to enter
any medical school by the fall of
1941 are required to take Medical
Aptitude Test this Thursday at 2
p.m. in Room 214. This test has
been accepted fcy the Board of
American Medical Colleges as a re
quirement, and it must be taken,
unless a student has already taken
it. There is a one-dollar fee.

Of 29.904,603 families in the Uni
ted States, 14.002,074 families own
their own homes.
All students who intend to enter
any medical school by the fall of
1941 are required to take Medical
Aptitude Test this Thursday at 2
p.m. in Room 214. This test has
been accepted fcy the Board of
American Medical Colleges as a re
quirement, and it must be taken,
unless a student has already taken
it. There is a one-dollar fee.

Of 29.904,603 families in the Uni
ted States, 14.002,074 families own
their own homes.
