# EVERYONE DOES IT: IT'S SPRING
## 
### 

TAKINCi IT FOR GRANTED that if spring isn't here by now it should he, enough of the hardier Stan
fordites have been swimming and boating on the lake to warrant the establishing of regular evening privi
leges. Picture above shows what the Farm hopes become a typical scene, the weather allowing; story at
the left tells all about it.

TAKINCi IT FOR GRANTED that if spring isn't here by now it should he, enough of the hardier Stan
fordites have been swimming and boating on the lake to warrant the establishing of regular evening privi
leges. Picture above shows what the Farm hopes become a typical scene, the weather allowing; story at
the left tells all about it.

TAKINCi IT FOR GRANTED that if spring isn't here by now it should he, enough of the hardier Stan
fordites have been swimming and boating on the lake to warrant the establishing of regular evening privi
leges. Picture above shows what the Farm hopes become a typical scene, the weather allowing; story at
the left tells all about it.

TAKINCi IT FOR GRANTED that if spring isn't here by now it should he, enough of the hardier Stan
fordites have been swimming and boating on the lake to warrant the establishing of regular evening privi
leges. Picture above shows what the Farm hopes become a typical scene, the weather allowing; story at
the left tells all about it.

TAKINCi IT FOR GRANTED that if spring isn't here by now it should he, enough of the hardier Stan
fordites have been swimming and boating on the lake to warrant the establishing of regular evening privi
leges. Picture above shows what the Farm hopes become a typical scene, the weather allowing; story at
the left tells all about it.

TAKINCi IT FOR GRANTED that if spring isn't here by now it should he, enough of the hardier Stan
fordites have been swimming and boating on the lake to warrant the establishing of regular evening privi
leges. Picture above shows what the Farm hopes become a typical scene, the weather allowing; story at
the left tells all about it.

TAKINCi IT FOR GRANTED that if spring isn't here by now it should he, enough of the hardier Stan
fordites have been swimming and boating on the lake to warrant the establishing of regular evening privi
leges. Picture above shows what the Farm hopes become a typical scene, the weather allowing; story at
the left tells all about it.

TAKINCi IT FOR GRANTED that if spring isn't here by now it should he, enough of the hardier Stan
fordites have been swimming and boating on the lake to warrant the establishing of regular evening privi
leges. Picture above shows what the Farm hopes become a typical scene, the weather allowing; story at
the left tells all about it.

TAKINCi IT FOR GRANTED that if spring isn't here by now it should he, enough of the hardier Stan
fordites have been swimming and boating on the lake to warrant the establishing of regular evening privi
leges. Picture above shows what the Farm hopes become a typical scene, the weather allowing; story at
the left tells all about it.

TAKINCi IT FOR GRANTED that if spring isn't here by now it should he, enough of the hardier Stan
fordites have been swimming and boating on the lake to warrant the establishing of regular evening privi
leges. Picture above shows what the Farm hopes become a typical scene, the weather allowing; story at
the left tells all about it.

TAKINCi IT FOR GRANTED that if spring isn't here by now it should he, enough of the hardier Stan
fordites have been swimming and boating on the lake to warrant the establishing of regular evening privi
leges. Picture above shows what the Farm hopes become a typical scene, the weather allowing; story at
the left tells all about it.

TAKINCi IT FOR GRANTED that if spring isn't here by now it should he, enough of the hardier Stan
fordites have been swimming and boating on the lake to warrant the establishing of regular evening privi
leges. Picture above shows what the Farm hopes become a typical scene, the weather allowing; story at
the left tells all about it.

TAKINCi IT FOR GRANTED that if spring isn't here by now it should he, enough of the hardier Stan
fordites have been swimming and boating on the lake to warrant the establishing of regular evening privi
leges. Picture above shows what the Farm hopes become a typical scene, the weather allowing; story at
the left tells all about it.

TAKINCi IT FOR GRANTED that if spring isn't here by now it should he, enough of the hardier Stan
fordites have been swimming and boating on the lake to warrant the establishing of regular evening privi
leges. Picture above shows what the Farm hopes become a typical scene, the weather allowing; story at
the left tells all about it.

TAKINCi IT FOR GRANTED that if spring isn't here by now it should he, enough of the hardier Stan
fordites have been swimming and boating on the lake to warrant the establishing of regular evening privi
leges. Picture above shows what the Farm hopes become a typical scene, the weather allowing; story at
the left tells all about it.

TAKINCi IT FOR GRANTED that if spring isn't here by now it should he, enough of the hardier Stan
fordites have been swimming and boating on the lake to warrant the establishing of regular evening privi
leges. Picture above shows what the Farm hopes become a typical scene, the weather allowing; story at
the left tells all about it.

TAKINCi IT FOR GRANTED that if spring isn't here by now it should he, enough of the hardier Stan
fordites have been swimming and boating on the lake to warrant the establishing of regular evening privi
leges. Picture above shows what the Farm hopes become a typical scene, the weather allowing; story at
the left tells all about it.

TAKINCi IT FOR GRANTED that if spring isn't here by now it should he, enough of the hardier Stan
fordites have been swimming and boating on the lake to warrant the establishing of regular evening privi
leges. Picture above shows what the Farm hopes become a typical scene, the weather allowing; story at
the left tells all about it.
