# MARRIAGE
## 
### 
Theta Chi announces the marriage
of Miss Barbara Gregg of Los An
geles to Walter Hudkins on March
24 at Laguna Beach. Hudkins is a
junior and will graduate in June,
1950, with the A.B. in economics.
Theta Chi announces the marriage
of Miss Barbara Gregg of Los An
geles to Walter Hudkins on March
24 at Laguna Beach. Hudkins is a
junior and will graduate in June,
1950, with the A.B. in economics.
Theta Chi announces the marriage
of Miss Barbara Gregg of Los An
geles to Walter Hudkins on March
24 at Laguna Beach. Hudkins is a
junior and will graduate in June,
1950, with the A.B. in economics.
Theta Chi announces the marriage
of Miss Barbara Gregg of Los An
geles to Walter Hudkins on March
24 at Laguna Beach. Hudkins is a
junior and will graduate in June,
1950, with the A.B. in economics.
Theta Chi announces the marriage
of Miss Barbara Gregg of Los An
geles to Walter Hudkins on March
24 at Laguna Beach. Hudkins is a
junior and will graduate in June,
1950, with the A.B. in economics.
Theta Chi announces the marriage
of Miss Barbara Gregg of Los An
geles to Walter Hudkins on March
24 at Laguna Beach. Hudkins is a
junior and will graduate in June,
1950, with the A.B. in economics.
Theta Chi announces the marriage
of Miss Barbara Gregg of Los An
geles to Walter Hudkins on March
24 at Laguna Beach. Hudkins is a
junior and will graduate in June,
1950, with the A.B. in economics.
Theta Chi announces the marriage
of Miss Barbara Gregg of Los An
geles to Walter Hudkins on March
24 at Laguna Beach. Hudkins is a
junior and will graduate in June,
1950, with the A.B. in economics.
Theta Chi announces the marriage
of Miss Barbara Gregg of Los An
geles to Walter Hudkins on March
24 at Laguna Beach. Hudkins is a
junior and will graduate in June,
1950, with the A.B. in economics.
Theta Chi announces the marriage
of Miss Barbara Gregg of Los An
geles to Walter Hudkins on March
24 at Laguna Beach. Hudkins is a
junior and will graduate in June,
1950, with the A.B. in economics.
Theta Chi announces the marriage
of Miss Barbara Gregg of Los An
geles to Walter Hudkins on March
24 at Laguna Beach. Hudkins is a
junior and will graduate in June,
1950, with the A.B. in economics.
Theta Chi announces the marriage
of Miss Barbara Gregg of Los An
geles to Walter Hudkins on March
24 at Laguna Beach. Hudkins is a
junior and will graduate in June,
1950, with the A.B. in economics.
Theta Chi announces the marriage
of Miss Barbara Gregg of Los An
geles to Walter Hudkins on March
24 at Laguna Beach. Hudkins is a
junior and will graduate in June,
1950, with the A.B. in economics.
Theta Chi announces the marriage
of Miss Barbara Gregg of Los An
geles to Walter Hudkins on March
24 at Laguna Beach. Hudkins is a
junior and will graduate in June,
1950, with the A.B. in economics.
