# Gift of Gab Good In Speech Battle
## 
### 
In preparation for the famous
Hearst Oratorical Contest, the De
bate Society has scheduled an in
tramural extemporaneous speaking
contest to be held next week. The
three rounds will be held at 5 p.m.
Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday.
Any interested students should
sign up with Dr. James Emerson,
debate adviser, in room 203 C. There
will be a 25-cent entry fee to pay
for the medals which will be
awarded.
In conducting the contest, each
entrant will be handed an editorial
dealing with some pertinent topic
about 45 minutes before the
speeches begin. Then the speakers
will be given only five minutes to
develop their ideas on the subject.
No preparation before the contest
is necessary.
''All students with a gift of gab
have a good chance of winning,"
announced Jack Marcum, debate
captain.
On Monday, April 25, Stanfoi'd
will participate in a home - and
home debate with the University of
San Francisco. Sam Bossio and Ar
nold Klink will debate at Stanford
in Cubberley Auditorium while
John Morrow and David Leavitt
travel to USF.
The question for the debate is
"Resolved, that the Truman civil
rights program as related to the
Negro should be enacted into law."
In preparation for the famous
Hearst Oratorical Contest, the De
bate Society has scheduled an in
tramural extemporaneous speaking
contest to be held next week. The
three rounds will be held at 5 p.m.
Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday.
Any interested students should
sign up with Dr. James Emerson,
debate adviser, in room 203 C. There
will be a 25-cent entry fee to pay
for the medals which will be
awarded.
In conducting the contest, each
entrant will be handed an editorial
dealing with some pertinent topic
about 45 minutes before the
speeches begin. Then the speakers
will be given only five minutes to
develop their ideas on the subject.
No preparation before the contest
is necessary.
''All students with a gift of gab
have a good chance of winning,"
announced Jack Marcum, debate
captain.
On Monday, April 25, Stanfoi'd
will participate in a home - and
home debate with the University of
San Francisco. Sam Bossio and Ar
nold Klink will debate at Stanford
in Cubberley Auditorium while
John Morrow and David Leavitt
travel to USF.
The question for the debate is
"Resolved, that the Truman civil
rights program as related to the
Negro should be enacted into law."
In preparation for the famous
Hearst Oratorical Contest, the De
bate Society has scheduled an in
tramural extemporaneous speaking
contest to be held next week. The
three rounds will be held at 5 p.m.
Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday.
Any interested students should
sign up with Dr. James Emerson,
debate adviser, in room 203 C. There
will be a 25-cent entry fee to pay
for the medals which will be
awarded.
In conducting the contest, each
entrant will be handed an editorial
dealing with some pertinent topic
about 45 minutes before the
speeches begin. Then the speakers
will be given only five minutes to
develop their ideas on the subject.
No preparation before the contest
is necessary.
''All students with a gift of gab
have a good chance of winning,"
announced Jack Marcum, debate
captain.
On Monday, April 25, Stanfoi'd
will participate in a home - and
home debate with the University of
San Francisco. Sam Bossio and Ar
nold Klink will debate at Stanford
in Cubberley Auditorium while
John Morrow and David Leavitt
travel to USF.
The question for the debate is
"Resolved, that the Truman civil
rights program as related to the
Negro should be enacted into law."
In preparation for the famous
Hearst Oratorical Contest, the De
bate Society has scheduled an in
tramural extemporaneous speaking
contest to be held next week. The
three rounds will be held at 5 p.m.
Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday.
Any interested students should
sign up with Dr. James Emerson,
debate adviser, in room 203 C. There
will be a 25-cent entry fee to pay
for the medals which will be
awarded.
In conducting the contest, each
entrant will be handed an editorial
dealing with some pertinent topic
about 45 minutes before the
speeches begin. Then the speakers
will be given only five minutes to
develop their ideas on the subject.
No preparation before the contest
is necessary.
''All students with a gift of gab
have a good chance of winning,"
announced Jack Marcum, debate
captain.
On Monday, April 25, Stanfoi'd
will participate in a home - and
home debate with the University of
San Francisco. Sam Bossio and Ar
nold Klink will debate at Stanford
in Cubberley Auditorium while
John Morrow and David Leavitt
travel to USF.
The question for the debate is
"Resolved, that the Truman civil
rights program as related to the
Negro should be enacted into law."
In preparation for the famous
Hearst Oratorical Contest, the De
bate Society has scheduled an in
tramural extemporaneous speaking
contest to be held next week. The
three rounds will be held at 5 p.m.
Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday.
Any interested students should
sign up with Dr. James Emerson,
debate adviser, in room 203 C. There
will be a 25-cent entry fee to pay
for the medals which will be
awarded.
In conducting the contest, each
entrant will be handed an editorial
dealing with some pertinent topic
about 45 minutes before the
speeches begin. Then the speakers
will be given only five minutes to
develop their ideas on the subject.
No preparation before the contest
is necessary.
''All students with a gift of gab
have a good chance of winning,"
announced Jack Marcum, debate
captain.
On Monday, April 25, Stanfoi'd
will participate in a home - and
home debate with the University of
San Francisco. Sam Bossio and Ar
nold Klink will debate at Stanford
in Cubberley Auditorium while
John Morrow and David Leavitt
travel to USF.
The question for the debate is
"Resolved, that the Truman civil
rights program as related to the
Negro should be enacted into law."
In preparation for the famous
Hearst Oratorical Contest, the De
bate Society has scheduled an in
tramural extemporaneous speaking
contest to be held next week. The
three rounds will be held at 5 p.m.
Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday.
Any interested students should
sign up with Dr. James Emerson,
debate adviser, in room 203 C. There
will be a 25-cent entry fee to pay
for the medals which will be
awarded.
In conducting the contest, each
entrant will be handed an editorial
dealing with some pertinent topic
about 45 minutes before the
speeches begin. Then the speakers
will be given only five minutes to
develop their ideas on the subject.
No preparation before the contest
is necessary.
''All students with a gift of gab
have a good chance of winning,"
announced Jack Marcum, debate
captain.
On Monday, April 25, Stanfoi'd
will participate in a home - and
home debate with the University of
San Francisco. Sam Bossio and Ar
nold Klink will debate at Stanford
in Cubberley Auditorium while
John Morrow and David Leavitt
travel to USF.
The question for the debate is
"Resolved, that the Truman civil
rights program as related to the
Negro should be enacted into law."
In preparation for the famous
Hearst Oratorical Contest, the De
bate Society has scheduled an in
tramural extemporaneous speaking
contest to be held next week. The
three rounds will be held at 5 p.m.
Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday.
Any interested students should
sign up with Dr. James Emerson,
debate adviser, in room 203 C. There
will be a 25-cent entry fee to pay
for the medals which will be
awarded.
In conducting the contest, each
entrant will be handed an editorial
dealing with some pertinent topic
about 45 minutes before the
speeches begin. Then the speakers
will be given only five minutes to
develop their ideas on the subject.
No preparation before the contest
is necessary.
''All students with a gift of gab
have a good chance of winning,"
announced Jack Marcum, debate
captain.
On Monday, April 25, Stanfoi'd
will participate in a home - and
home debate with the University of
San Francisco. Sam Bossio and Ar
nold Klink will debate at Stanford
in Cubberley Auditorium while
John Morrow and David Leavitt
travel to USF.
The question for the debate is
"Resolved, that the Truman civil
rights program as related to the
Negro should be enacted into law."
In preparation for the famous
Hearst Oratorical Contest, the De
bate Society has scheduled an in
tramural extemporaneous speaking
contest to be held next week. The
three rounds will be held at 5 p.m.
Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday.
Any interested students should
sign up with Dr. James Emerson,
debate adviser, in room 203 C. There
will be a 25-cent entry fee to pay
for the medals which will be
awarded.
In conducting the contest, each
entrant will be handed an editorial
dealing with some pertinent topic
about 45 minutes before the
speeches begin. Then the speakers
will be given only five minutes to
develop their ideas on the subject.
No preparation before the contest
is necessary.
''All students with a gift of gab
have a good chance of winning,"
announced Jack Marcum, debate
captain.
On Monday, April 25, Stanfoi'd
will participate in a home - and
home debate with the University of
San Francisco. Sam Bossio and Ar
nold Klink will debate at Stanford
in Cubberley Auditorium while
John Morrow and David Leavitt
travel to USF.
The question for the debate is
"Resolved, that the Truman civil
rights program as related to the
Negro should be enacted into law."
In preparation for the famous
Hearst Oratorical Contest, the De
bate Society has scheduled an in
tramural extemporaneous speaking
contest to be held next week. The
three rounds will be held at 5 p.m.
Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday.
Any interested students should
sign up with Dr. James Emerson,
debate adviser, in room 203 C. There
will be a 25-cent entry fee to pay
for the medals which will be
awarded.
In conducting the contest, each
entrant will be handed an editorial
dealing with some pertinent topic
about 45 minutes before the
speeches begin. Then the speakers
will be given only five minutes to
develop their ideas on the subject.
No preparation before the contest
is necessary.
''All students with a gift of gab
have a good chance of winning,"
announced Jack Marcum, debate
captain.
On Monday, April 25, Stanfoi'd
will participate in a home - and
home debate with the University of
San Francisco. Sam Bossio and Ar
nold Klink will debate at Stanford
in Cubberley Auditorium while
John Morrow and David Leavitt
travel to USF.
The question for the debate is
"Resolved, that the Truman civil
rights program as related to the
Negro should be enacted into law."
In preparation for the famous
Hearst Oratorical Contest, the De
bate Society has scheduled an in
tramural extemporaneous speaking
contest to be held next week. The
three rounds will be held at 5 p.m.
Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday.
Any interested students should
sign up with Dr. James Emerson,
debate adviser, in room 203 C. There
will be a 25-cent entry fee to pay
for the medals which will be
awarded.
In conducting the contest, each
entrant will be handed an editorial
dealing with some pertinent topic
about 45 minutes before the
speeches begin. Then the speakers
will be given only five minutes to
develop their ideas on the subject.
No preparation before the contest
is necessary.
''All students with a gift of gab
have a good chance of winning,"
announced Jack Marcum, debate
captain.
On Monday, April 25, Stanfoi'd
will participate in a home - and
home debate with the University of
San Francisco. Sam Bossio and Ar
nold Klink will debate at Stanford
in Cubberley Auditorium while
John Morrow and David Leavitt
travel to USF.
The question for the debate is
"Resolved, that the Truman civil
rights program as related to the
Negro should be enacted into law."
In preparation for the famous
Hearst Oratorical Contest, the De
bate Society has scheduled an in
tramural extemporaneous speaking
contest to be held next week. The
three rounds will be held at 5 p.m.
Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday.
Any interested students should
sign up with Dr. James Emerson,
debate adviser, in room 203 C. There
will be a 25-cent entry fee to pay
for the medals which will be
awarded.
In conducting the contest, each
entrant will be handed an editorial
dealing with some pertinent topic
about 45 minutes before the
speeches begin. Then the speakers
will be given only five minutes to
develop their ideas on the subject.
No preparation before the contest
is necessary.
''All students with a gift of gab
have a good chance of winning,"
announced Jack Marcum, debate
captain.
On Monday, April 25, Stanfoi'd
will participate in a home - and
home debate with the University of
San Francisco. Sam Bossio and Ar
nold Klink will debate at Stanford
in Cubberley Auditorium while
John Morrow and David Leavitt
travel to USF.
The question for the debate is
"Resolved, that the Truman civil
rights program as related to the
Negro should be enacted into law."
In preparation for the famous
Hearst Oratorical Contest, the De
bate Society has scheduled an in
tramural extemporaneous speaking
contest to be held next week. The
three rounds will be held at 5 p.m.
Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday.
Any interested students should
sign up with Dr. James Emerson,
debate adviser, in room 203 C. There
will be a 25-cent entry fee to pay
for the medals which will be
awarded.
In conducting the contest, each
entrant will be handed an editorial
dealing with some pertinent topic
about 45 minutes before the
speeches begin. Then the speakers
will be given only five minutes to
develop their ideas on the subject.
No preparation before the contest
is necessary.
''All students with a gift of gab
have a good chance of winning,"
announced Jack Marcum, debate
captain.
On Monday, April 25, Stanfoi'd
will participate in a home - and
home debate with the University of
San Francisco. Sam Bossio and Ar
nold Klink will debate at Stanford
in Cubberley Auditorium while
John Morrow and David Leavitt
travel to USF.
The question for the debate is
"Resolved, that the Truman civil
rights program as related to the
Negro should be enacted into law."
In preparation for the famous
Hearst Oratorical Contest, the De
bate Society has scheduled an in
tramural extemporaneous speaking
contest to be held next week. The
three rounds will be held at 5 p.m.
Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday.
Any interested students should
sign up with Dr. James Emerson,
debate adviser, in room 203 C. There
will be a 25-cent entry fee to pay
for the medals which will be
awarded.
In conducting the contest, each
entrant will be handed an editorial
dealing with some pertinent topic
about 45 minutes before the
speeches begin. Then the speakers
will be given only five minutes to
develop their ideas on the subject.
No preparation before the contest
is necessary.
''All students with a gift of gab
have a good chance of winning,"
announced Jack Marcum, debate
captain.
On Monday, April 25, Stanfoi'd
will participate in a home - and
home debate with the University of
San Francisco. Sam Bossio and Ar
nold Klink will debate at Stanford
in Cubberley Auditorium while
John Morrow and David Leavitt
travel to USF.
The question for the debate is
"Resolved, that the Truman civil
rights program as related to the
Negro should be enacted into law."
In preparation for the famous
Hearst Oratorical Contest, the De
bate Society has scheduled an in
tramural extemporaneous speaking
contest to be held next week. The
three rounds will be held at 5 p.m.
Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday.
Any interested students should
sign up with Dr. James Emerson,
debate adviser, in room 203 C. There
will be a 25-cent entry fee to pay
for the medals which will be
awarded.
In conducting the contest, each
entrant will be handed an editorial
dealing with some pertinent topic
about 45 minutes before the
speeches begin. Then the speakers
will be given only five minutes to
develop their ideas on the subject.
No preparation before the contest
is necessary.
''All students with a gift of gab
have a good chance of winning,"
announced Jack Marcum, debate
captain.
On Monday, April 25, Stanfoi'd
will participate in a home - and
home debate with the University of
San Francisco. Sam Bossio and Ar
nold Klink will debate at Stanford
in Cubberley Auditorium while
John Morrow and David Leavitt
travel to USF.
The question for the debate is
"Resolved, that the Truman civil
rights program as related to the
Negro should be enacted into law."
