# Stolen Surrey Staggers Lag
## 
### 
Lagunita went to a lot of trouble
to rent a surrey for the "Back to
tlu Farm Week" parade Wednesday,
but had no trouble in getting rid
of it.
Timmy Levinson of Lagunita re
ported last night that the surrey
was left at the boathouse after the
parade and was to be picked up last
night. When Timmy went to return
the surrey to the owner, she found
no fringe on the lopâ€”in fact, no
surrey to have a fringe on the top.
The vehicle was black, with worn
out upholstery and had no rubber
tire on the right rear wheel.
Miss Levinson requested that any
information of the whereabouts of
the surrey be forwarded to Jess
Porter, Dot Hodges, or herself, at
Lagunita. As a message to the sur
rey stealers, she said. '"If the ones
who took the surrey would either
return it or notify us, we would be
glad to forget about the whole mat
ter."
Neither the Palo Alto nor the
Stanford police have had any suc
cess in the search, and Lagunita
students request that Farm students
aid in the hunt to get their '"Back
to the Farm" surrey back to the
Farm.
