# Untitled Article
## 
### 

ROBERT C. BOTTS or Decatur, III., is happy about the one dollar bills
lie holds. Each is autographed |>y President Truman. Seaman Botts
found a $100 bill lost by Mr. Truman and was rewarded with 10 one
dollar hills in return. The "frame" is a life preserver from the presi
dential yacht Williamsburg:, where Botts is stationed.

ROBERT C. BOTTS or Decatur, III., is happy about the one dollar bills
lie holds. Each is autographed |>y President Truman. Seaman Botts
found a $100 bill lost by Mr. Truman and was rewarded with 10 one
dollar hills in return. The "frame" is a life preserver from the presi
dential yacht Williamsburg:, where Botts is stationed.

ROBERT C. BOTTS or Decatur, III., is happy about the one dollar bills
lie holds. Each is autographed |>y President Truman. Seaman Botts
found a $100 bill lost by Mr. Truman and was rewarded with 10 one
dollar hills in return. The "frame" is a life preserver from the presi
dential yacht Williamsburg:, where Botts is stationed.

ROBERT C. BOTTS or Decatur, III., is happy about the one dollar bills
lie holds. Each is autographed |>y President Truman. Seaman Botts
found a $100 bill lost by Mr. Truman and was rewarded with 10 one
dollar hills in return. The "frame" is a life preserver from the presi
dential yacht Williamsburg:, where Botts is stationed.

ROBERT C. BOTTS or Decatur, III., is happy about the one dollar bills
lie holds. Each is autographed |>y President Truman. Seaman Botts
found a $100 bill lost by Mr. Truman and was rewarded with 10 one
dollar hills in return. The "frame" is a life preserver from the presi
dential yacht Williamsburg:, where Botts is stationed.

ROBERT C. BOTTS or Decatur, III., is happy about the one dollar bills
lie holds. Each is autographed |>y President Truman. Seaman Botts
found a $100 bill lost by Mr. Truman and was rewarded with 10 one
dollar hills in return. The "frame" is a life preserver from the presi
dential yacht Williamsburg:, where Botts is stationed.

ROBERT C. BOTTS or Decatur, III., is happy about the one dollar bills
lie holds. Each is autographed |>y President Truman. Seaman Botts
found a $100 bill lost by Mr. Truman and was rewarded with 10 one
dollar hills in return. The "frame" is a life preserver from the presi
dential yacht Williamsburg:, where Botts is stationed.

ROBERT C. BOTTS or Decatur, III., is happy about the one dollar bills
lie holds. Each is autographed |>y President Truman. Seaman Botts
found a $100 bill lost by Mr. Truman and was rewarded with 10 one
dollar hills in return. The "frame" is a life preserver from the presi
dential yacht Williamsburg:, where Botts is stationed.

ROBERT C. BOTTS or Decatur, III., is happy about the one dollar bills
lie holds. Each is autographed |>y President Truman. Seaman Botts
found a $100 bill lost by Mr. Truman and was rewarded with 10 one
dollar hills in return. The "frame" is a life preserver from the presi
dential yacht Williamsburg:, where Botts is stationed.

ROBERT C. BOTTS or Decatur, III., is happy about the one dollar bills
lie holds. Each is autographed |>y President Truman. Seaman Botts
found a $100 bill lost by Mr. Truman and was rewarded with 10 one
dollar hills in return. The "frame" is a life preserver from the presi
dential yacht Williamsburg:, where Botts is stationed.

ROBERT C. BOTTS or Decatur, III., is happy about the one dollar bills
lie holds. Each is autographed |>y President Truman. Seaman Botts
found a $100 bill lost by Mr. Truman and was rewarded with 10 one
dollar hills in return. The "frame" is a life preserver from the presi
dential yacht Williamsburg:, where Botts is stationed.

ROBERT C. BOTTS or Decatur, III., is happy about the one dollar bills
lie holds. Each is autographed |>y President Truman. Seaman Botts
found a $100 bill lost by Mr. Truman and was rewarded with 10 one
dollar hills in return. The "frame" is a life preserver from the presi
dential yacht Williamsburg:, where Botts is stationed.

ROBERT C. BOTTS or Decatur, III., is happy about the one dollar bills
lie holds. Each is autographed |>y President Truman. Seaman Botts
found a $100 bill lost by Mr. Truman and was rewarded with 10 one
dollar hills in return. The "frame" is a life preserver from the presi
dential yacht Williamsburg:, where Botts is stationed.

ROBERT C. BOTTS or Decatur, III., is happy about the one dollar bills
lie holds. Each is autographed |>y President Truman. Seaman Botts
found a $100 bill lost by Mr. Truman and was rewarded with 10 one
dollar hills in return. The "frame" is a life preserver from the presi
dential yacht Williamsburg:, where Botts is stationed.
