# Mystic Rooster Goes To Court
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, April 7 —Lazarus,
the now famous headless rooster
which walks and crows, has been
seized from the home of Mrs. Martha
Green, she charged in a suit today
for $2,500 damages.
Mrs. Green alleged that the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals took the three and one
half pound rooster from her home
without her consent. She sued the
society and the operator of a pet
hospital where she says the bird
has been placed, demanding its re
turn or payment of $2,500.
Mrs. Green set forth that she
bought the rooster, sans head, April
2, and a few hours later it began
crowing and walking. This, her suit
stated, was an act of Providence.
She said she had a dream in which
she was given a Biblical reference,
viz: "But when the multitude saw
it they marvelled and glorified God
which had given such power unto
man."
Thousands of persons visited her
home, Mrs. Green stated, and two
were healed after touching the
headless rooster's neck. Her suit
was filed by Attorney Edward S.
Cooper.
Alexander Tilley, SPCA general
manager here, pointed out that
Justice Stanley Moffatt had ordered
the bird impounded after the SPCA
filed a complaint.
"We only did our duty under the
law," said Tilley.
LOS ANGELES, April 7 —Lazarus,
the now famous headless rooster
which walks and crows, has been
seized from the home of Mrs. Martha
Green, she charged in a suit today
for $2,500 damages.
Mrs. Green alleged that the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals took the three and one
half pound rooster from her home
without her consent. She sued the
society and the operator of a pet
hospital where she says the bird
has been placed, demanding its re
turn or payment of $2,500.
Mrs. Green set forth that she
bought the rooster, sans head, April
2, and a few hours later it began
crowing and walking. This, her suit
stated, was an act of Providence.
She said she had a dream in which
she was given a Biblical reference,
viz: "But when the multitude saw
it they marvelled and glorified God
which had given such power unto
man."
Thousands of persons visited her
home, Mrs. Green stated, and two
were healed after touching the
headless rooster's neck. Her suit
was filed by Attorney Edward S.
Cooper.
Alexander Tilley, SPCA general
manager here, pointed out that
Justice Stanley Moffatt had ordered
the bird impounded after the SPCA
filed a complaint.
"We only did our duty under the
law," said Tilley.
LOS ANGELES, April 7 —Lazarus,
the now famous headless rooster
which walks and crows, has been
seized from the home of Mrs. Martha
Green, she charged in a suit today
for $2,500 damages.
Mrs. Green alleged that the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals took the three and one
half pound rooster from her home
without her consent. She sued the
society and the operator of a pet
hospital where she says the bird
has been placed, demanding its re
turn or payment of $2,500.
Mrs. Green set forth that she
bought the rooster, sans head, April
2, and a few hours later it began
crowing and walking. This, her suit
stated, was an act of Providence.
She said she had a dream in which
she was given a Biblical reference,
viz: "But when the multitude saw
it they marvelled and glorified God
which had given such power unto
man."
Thousands of persons visited her
home, Mrs. Green stated, and two
were healed after touching the
headless rooster's neck. Her suit
was filed by Attorney Edward S.
Cooper.
Alexander Tilley, SPCA general
manager here, pointed out that
Justice Stanley Moffatt had ordered
the bird impounded after the SPCA
filed a complaint.
"We only did our duty under the
law," said Tilley.
LOS ANGELES, April 7 —Lazarus,
the now famous headless rooster
which walks and crows, has been
seized from the home of Mrs. Martha
Green, she charged in a suit today
for $2,500 damages.
Mrs. Green alleged that the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals took the three and one
half pound rooster from her home
without her consent. She sued the
society and the operator of a pet
hospital where she says the bird
has been placed, demanding its re
turn or payment of $2,500.
Mrs. Green set forth that she
bought the rooster, sans head, April
2, and a few hours later it began
crowing and walking. This, her suit
stated, was an act of Providence.
She said she had a dream in which
she was given a Biblical reference,
viz: "But when the multitude saw
it they marvelled and glorified God
which had given such power unto
man."
Thousands of persons visited her
home, Mrs. Green stated, and two
were healed after touching the
headless rooster's neck. Her suit
was filed by Attorney Edward S.
Cooper.
Alexander Tilley, SPCA general
manager here, pointed out that
Justice Stanley Moffatt had ordered
the bird impounded after the SPCA
filed a complaint.
"We only did our duty under the
law," said Tilley.
LOS ANGELES, April 7 —Lazarus,
the now famous headless rooster
which walks and crows, has been
seized from the home of Mrs. Martha
Green, she charged in a suit today
for $2,500 damages.
Mrs. Green alleged that the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals took the three and one
half pound rooster from her home
without her consent. She sued the
society and the operator of a pet
hospital where she says the bird
has been placed, demanding its re
turn or payment of $2,500.
Mrs. Green set forth that she
bought the rooster, sans head, April
2, and a few hours later it began
crowing and walking. This, her suit
stated, was an act of Providence.
She said she had a dream in which
she was given a Biblical reference,
viz: "But when the multitude saw
it they marvelled and glorified God
which had given such power unto
man."
Thousands of persons visited her
home, Mrs. Green stated, and two
were healed after touching the
headless rooster's neck. Her suit
was filed by Attorney Edward S.
Cooper.
Alexander Tilley, SPCA general
manager here, pointed out that
Justice Stanley Moffatt had ordered
the bird impounded after the SPCA
filed a complaint.
"We only did our duty under the
law," said Tilley.
LOS ANGELES, April 7 —Lazarus,
the now famous headless rooster
which walks and crows, has been
seized from the home of Mrs. Martha
Green, she charged in a suit today
for $2,500 damages.
Mrs. Green alleged that the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals took the three and one
half pound rooster from her home
without her consent. She sued the
society and the operator of a pet
hospital where she says the bird
has been placed, demanding its re
turn or payment of $2,500.
Mrs. Green set forth that she
bought the rooster, sans head, April
2, and a few hours later it began
crowing and walking. This, her suit
stated, was an act of Providence.
She said she had a dream in which
she was given a Biblical reference,
viz: "But when the multitude saw
it they marvelled and glorified God
which had given such power unto
man."
Thousands of persons visited her
home, Mrs. Green stated, and two
were healed after touching the
headless rooster's neck. Her suit
was filed by Attorney Edward S.
Cooper.
Alexander Tilley, SPCA general
manager here, pointed out that
Justice Stanley Moffatt had ordered
the bird impounded after the SPCA
filed a complaint.
"We only did our duty under the
law," said Tilley.
LOS ANGELES, April 7 —Lazarus,
the now famous headless rooster
which walks and crows, has been
seized from the home of Mrs. Martha
Green, she charged in a suit today
for $2,500 damages.
Mrs. Green alleged that the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals took the three and one
half pound rooster from her home
without her consent. She sued the
society and the operator of a pet
hospital where she says the bird
has been placed, demanding its re
turn or payment of $2,500.
Mrs. Green set forth that she
bought the rooster, sans head, April
2, and a few hours later it began
crowing and walking. This, her suit
stated, was an act of Providence.
She said she had a dream in which
she was given a Biblical reference,
viz: "But when the multitude saw
it they marvelled and glorified God
which had given such power unto
man."
Thousands of persons visited her
home, Mrs. Green stated, and two
were healed after touching the
headless rooster's neck. Her suit
was filed by Attorney Edward S.
Cooper.
Alexander Tilley, SPCA general
manager here, pointed out that
Justice Stanley Moffatt had ordered
the bird impounded after the SPCA
filed a complaint.
"We only did our duty under the
law," said Tilley.
LOS ANGELES, April 7 —Lazarus,
the now famous headless rooster
which walks and crows, has been
seized from the home of Mrs. Martha
Green, she charged in a suit today
for $2,500 damages.
Mrs. Green alleged that the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals took the three and one
half pound rooster from her home
without her consent. She sued the
society and the operator of a pet
hospital where she says the bird
has been placed, demanding its re
turn or payment of $2,500.
Mrs. Green set forth that she
bought the rooster, sans head, April
2, and a few hours later it began
crowing and walking. This, her suit
stated, was an act of Providence.
She said she had a dream in which
she was given a Biblical reference,
viz: "But when the multitude saw
it they marvelled and glorified God
which had given such power unto
man."
Thousands of persons visited her
home, Mrs. Green stated, and two
were healed after touching the
headless rooster's neck. Her suit
was filed by Attorney Edward S.
Cooper.
Alexander Tilley, SPCA general
manager here, pointed out that
Justice Stanley Moffatt had ordered
the bird impounded after the SPCA
filed a complaint.
"We only did our duty under the
law," said Tilley.
LOS ANGELES, April 7 —Lazarus,
the now famous headless rooster
which walks and crows, has been
seized from the home of Mrs. Martha
Green, she charged in a suit today
for $2,500 damages.
Mrs. Green alleged that the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals took the three and one
half pound rooster from her home
without her consent. She sued the
society and the operator of a pet
hospital where she says the bird
has been placed, demanding its re
turn or payment of $2,500.
Mrs. Green set forth that she
bought the rooster, sans head, April
2, and a few hours later it began
crowing and walking. This, her suit
stated, was an act of Providence.
She said she had a dream in which
she was given a Biblical reference,
viz: "But when the multitude saw
it they marvelled and glorified God
which had given such power unto
man."
Thousands of persons visited her
home, Mrs. Green stated, and two
were healed after touching the
headless rooster's neck. Her suit
was filed by Attorney Edward S.
Cooper.
Alexander Tilley, SPCA general
manager here, pointed out that
Justice Stanley Moffatt had ordered
the bird impounded after the SPCA
filed a complaint.
"We only did our duty under the
law," said Tilley.
LOS ANGELES, April 7 —Lazarus,
the now famous headless rooster
which walks and crows, has been
seized from the home of Mrs. Martha
Green, she charged in a suit today
for $2,500 damages.
Mrs. Green alleged that the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals took the three and one
half pound rooster from her home
without her consent. She sued the
society and the operator of a pet
hospital where she says the bird
has been placed, demanding its re
turn or payment of $2,500.
Mrs. Green set forth that she
bought the rooster, sans head, April
2, and a few hours later it began
crowing and walking. This, her suit
stated, was an act of Providence.
She said she had a dream in which
she was given a Biblical reference,
viz: "But when the multitude saw
it they marvelled and glorified God
which had given such power unto
man."
Thousands of persons visited her
home, Mrs. Green stated, and two
were healed after touching the
headless rooster's neck. Her suit
was filed by Attorney Edward S.
Cooper.
Alexander Tilley, SPCA general
manager here, pointed out that
Justice Stanley Moffatt had ordered
the bird impounded after the SPCA
filed a complaint.
"We only did our duty under the
law," said Tilley.
LOS ANGELES, April 7 —Lazarus,
the now famous headless rooster
which walks and crows, has been
seized from the home of Mrs. Martha
Green, she charged in a suit today
for $2,500 damages.
Mrs. Green alleged that the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals took the three and one
half pound rooster from her home
without her consent. She sued the
society and the operator of a pet
hospital where she says the bird
has been placed, demanding its re
turn or payment of $2,500.
Mrs. Green set forth that she
bought the rooster, sans head, April
2, and a few hours later it began
crowing and walking. This, her suit
stated, was an act of Providence.
She said she had a dream in which
she was given a Biblical reference,
viz: "But when the multitude saw
it they marvelled and glorified God
which had given such power unto
man."
Thousands of persons visited her
home, Mrs. Green stated, and two
were healed after touching the
headless rooster's neck. Her suit
was filed by Attorney Edward S.
Cooper.
Alexander Tilley, SPCA general
manager here, pointed out that
Justice Stanley Moffatt had ordered
the bird impounded after the SPCA
filed a complaint.
"We only did our duty under the
law," said Tilley.
LOS ANGELES, April 7 —Lazarus,
the now famous headless rooster
which walks and crows, has been
seized from the home of Mrs. Martha
Green, she charged in a suit today
for $2,500 damages.
Mrs. Green alleged that the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals took the three and one
half pound rooster from her home
without her consent. She sued the
society and the operator of a pet
hospital where she says the bird
has been placed, demanding its re
turn or payment of $2,500.
Mrs. Green set forth that she
bought the rooster, sans head, April
2, and a few hours later it began
crowing and walking. This, her suit
stated, was an act of Providence.
She said she had a dream in which
she was given a Biblical reference,
viz: "But when the multitude saw
it they marvelled and glorified God
which had given such power unto
man."
Thousands of persons visited her
home, Mrs. Green stated, and two
were healed after touching the
headless rooster's neck. Her suit
was filed by Attorney Edward S.
Cooper.
Alexander Tilley, SPCA general
manager here, pointed out that
Justice Stanley Moffatt had ordered
the bird impounded after the SPCA
filed a complaint.
"We only did our duty under the
law," said Tilley.
LOS ANGELES, April 7 —Lazarus,
the now famous headless rooster
which walks and crows, has been
seized from the home of Mrs. Martha
Green, she charged in a suit today
for $2,500 damages.
Mrs. Green alleged that the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals took the three and one
half pound rooster from her home
without her consent. She sued the
society and the operator of a pet
hospital where she says the bird
has been placed, demanding its re
turn or payment of $2,500.
Mrs. Green set forth that she
bought the rooster, sans head, April
2, and a few hours later it began
crowing and walking. This, her suit
stated, was an act of Providence.
She said she had a dream in which
she was given a Biblical reference,
viz: "But when the multitude saw
it they marvelled and glorified God
which had given such power unto
man."
Thousands of persons visited her
home, Mrs. Green stated, and two
were healed after touching the
headless rooster's neck. Her suit
was filed by Attorney Edward S.
Cooper.
Alexander Tilley, SPCA general
manager here, pointed out that
Justice Stanley Moffatt had ordered
the bird impounded after the SPCA
filed a complaint.
"We only did our duty under the
law," said Tilley.
LOS ANGELES, April 7 —Lazarus,
the now famous headless rooster
which walks and crows, has been
seized from the home of Mrs. Martha
Green, she charged in a suit today
for $2,500 damages.
Mrs. Green alleged that the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals took the three and one
half pound rooster from her home
without her consent. She sued the
society and the operator of a pet
hospital where she says the bird
has been placed, demanding its re
turn or payment of $2,500.
Mrs. Green set forth that she
bought the rooster, sans head, April
2, and a few hours later it began
crowing and walking. This, her suit
stated, was an act of Providence.
She said she had a dream in which
she was given a Biblical reference,
viz: "But when the multitude saw
it they marvelled and glorified God
which had given such power unto
man."
Thousands of persons visited her
home, Mrs. Green stated, and two
were healed after touching the
headless rooster's neck. Her suit
was filed by Attorney Edward S.
Cooper.
Alexander Tilley, SPCA general
manager here, pointed out that
Justice Stanley Moffatt had ordered
the bird impounded after the SPCA
filed a complaint.
"We only did our duty under the
law," said Tilley.
