# CAL WINS!!'!
## 
### 
BERKELEY, April 7 </P). — The
University of California baseball
team defeated the Ventura Yankees
of the California State League, 12
to 6, today at Edwards Field.
BERKELEY, April 7 </P). — The
University of California baseball
team defeated the Ventura Yankees
of the California State League, 12
to 6, today at Edwards Field.
BERKELEY, April 7 </P). — The
University of California baseball
team defeated the Ventura Yankees
of the California State League, 12
to 6, today at Edwards Field.
BERKELEY, April 7 </P). — The
University of California baseball
team defeated the Ventura Yankees
of the California State League, 12
to 6, today at Edwards Field.
BERKELEY, April 7 </P). — The
University of California baseball
team defeated the Ventura Yankees
of the California State League, 12
to 6, today at Edwards Field.
BERKELEY, April 7 </P). — The
University of California baseball
team defeated the Ventura Yankees
of the California State League, 12
to 6, today at Edwards Field.
BERKELEY, April 7 </P). — The
University of California baseball
team defeated the Ventura Yankees
of the California State League, 12
to 6, today at Edwards Field.
BERKELEY, April 7 </P). — The
University of California baseball
team defeated the Ventura Yankees
of the California State League, 12
to 6, today at Edwards Field.
BERKELEY, April 7 </P). — The
University of California baseball
team defeated the Ventura Yankees
of the California State League, 12
to 6, today at Edwards Field.
BERKELEY, April 7 </P). — The
University of California baseball
team defeated the Ventura Yankees
of the California State League, 12
to 6, today at Edwards Field.
BERKELEY, April 7 </P). — The
University of California baseball
team defeated the Ventura Yankees
of the California State League, 12
to 6, today at Edwards Field.
BERKELEY, April 7 </P). — The
University of California baseball
team defeated the Ventura Yankees
of the California State League, 12
to 6, today at Edwards Field.
BERKELEY, April 7 </P). — The
University of California baseball
team defeated the Ventura Yankees
of the California State League, 12
to 6, today at Edwards Field.
BERKELEY, April 7 </P). — The
University of California baseball
team defeated the Ventura Yankees
of the California State League, 12
to 6, today at Edwards Field.
