# Jordan and Kellogg Write Book.
## 
### 
D. Applcton & Co. announce for
publication in April, a new book, by
Dr. Jordan and Professor Kellogg,
entitled "Evolution and Animal Life."
The volume, of which advance sheets
have already been sent out, contains
500 pages and 300 illustrations. It is
based largely on the lecture course in
Evolution (Bionomics 6) given here.
It discusses in a non-technical man
ner most of the phases and factors of
organic evolution. The illustrative
examples arc chosen almost exclus
ively from animals.
D. Applcton & Co. announce for
publication in April, a new book, by
Dr. Jordan and Professor Kellogg,
entitled "Evolution and Animal Life."
The volume, of which advance sheets
have already been sent out, contains
500 pages and 300 illustrations. It is
based largely on the lecture course in
Evolution (Bionomics 6) given here.
It discusses in a non-technical man
ner most of the phases and factors of
organic evolution. The illustrative
examples arc chosen almost exclus
ively from animals.
D. Applcton & Co. announce for
publication in April, a new book, by
Dr. Jordan and Professor Kellogg,
entitled "Evolution and Animal Life."
The volume, of which advance sheets
have already been sent out, contains
500 pages and 300 illustrations. It is
based largely on the lecture course in
Evolution (Bionomics 6) given here.
It discusses in a non-technical man
ner most of the phases and factors of
organic evolution. The illustrative
examples arc chosen almost exclus
ively from animals.
D. Applcton & Co. announce for
publication in April, a new book, by
Dr. Jordan and Professor Kellogg,
entitled "Evolution and Animal Life."
The volume, of which advance sheets
have already been sent out, contains
500 pages and 300 illustrations. It is
based largely on the lecture course in
Evolution (Bionomics 6) given here.
It discusses in a non-technical man
ner most of the phases and factors of
organic evolution. The illustrative
examples arc chosen almost exclus
ively from animals.
D. Applcton & Co. announce for
publication in April, a new book, by
Dr. Jordan and Professor Kellogg,
entitled "Evolution and Animal Life."
The volume, of which advance sheets
have already been sent out, contains
500 pages and 300 illustrations. It is
based largely on the lecture course in
Evolution (Bionomics 6) given here.
It discusses in a non-technical man
ner most of the phases and factors of
organic evolution. The illustrative
examples arc chosen almost exclus
ively from animals.
D. Applcton & Co. announce for
publication in April, a new book, by
Dr. Jordan and Professor Kellogg,
entitled "Evolution and Animal Life."
The volume, of which advance sheets
have already been sent out, contains
500 pages and 300 illustrations. It is
based largely on the lecture course in
Evolution (Bionomics 6) given here.
It discusses in a non-technical man
ner most of the phases and factors of
organic evolution. The illustrative
examples arc chosen almost exclus
ively from animals.
D. Applcton & Co. announce for
publication in April, a new book, by
Dr. Jordan and Professor Kellogg,
entitled "Evolution and Animal Life."
The volume, of which advance sheets
have already been sent out, contains
500 pages and 300 illustrations. It is
based largely on the lecture course in
Evolution (Bionomics 6) given here.
It discusses in a non-technical man
ner most of the phases and factors of
organic evolution. The illustrative
examples arc chosen almost exclus
ively from animals.
D. Applcton & Co. announce for
publication in April, a new book, by
Dr. Jordan and Professor Kellogg,
entitled "Evolution and Animal Life."
The volume, of which advance sheets
have already been sent out, contains
500 pages and 300 illustrations. It is
based largely on the lecture course in
Evolution (Bionomics 6) given here.
It discusses in a non-technical man
ner most of the phases and factors of
organic evolution. The illustrative
examples arc chosen almost exclus
ively from animals.
D. Applcton & Co. announce for
publication in April, a new book, by
Dr. Jordan and Professor Kellogg,
entitled "Evolution and Animal Life."
The volume, of which advance sheets
have already been sent out, contains
500 pages and 300 illustrations. It is
based largely on the lecture course in
Evolution (Bionomics 6) given here.
It discusses in a non-technical man
ner most of the phases and factors of
organic evolution. The illustrative
examples arc chosen almost exclus
ively from animals.
