# Plans Outlined for Musical Club.
## 
### 
Preliminary steps toward the or
ganization of a general musical club
were taken at the meeting of musi
cians held last evening, at the call
of Professor C. Searles, of the Ro
manic Languages department. There
was a good attendance of those' in
terested in music and the plan of per
manent organization met with general
approval. Professor Searles was au
thorized to appoint a committee to
draw up a constitution and by-laws
for consideration at the next general
meeting which will be called some
time next week.
Anything other than general dis
cussion of the plans was postponed
owing to the fact that the rehearsal
for "La Serena" prevented many of
those interested in the plan, from at
tending.
