# Executive Committee Holds Meeting.
## 
### 
Nothing further was done concern
ing the resignation of Coach Lanagan.
The committee appointed to frame a
program for the celebration of the
anniversary of the birth of Leland
Stanford, Jr., which falls upon May
14, reported. Several tentative plans
are being considered by the commit
tee, but no action will be taken until
the meeting of the Executive Com
mittee next week. Bills of Manager
Sales were authorized paid, aggregat
ing $2000.
Nothing further was done concern
ing the resignation of Coach Lanagan.
The committee appointed to frame a
program for the celebration of the
anniversary of the birth of Leland
Stanford, Jr., which falls upon May
14, reported. Several tentative plans
are being considered by the commit
tee, but no action will be taken until
the meeting of the Executive Com
mittee next week. Bills of Manager
Sales were authorized paid, aggregat
ing $2000.
Nothing further was done concern
ing the resignation of Coach Lanagan.
The committee appointed to frame a
program for the celebration of the
anniversary of the birth of Leland
Stanford, Jr., which falls upon May
14, reported. Several tentative plans
are being considered by the commit
tee, but no action will be taken until
the meeting of the Executive Com
mittee next week. Bills of Manager
Sales were authorized paid, aggregat
ing $2000.
Nothing further was done concern
ing the resignation of Coach Lanagan.
The committee appointed to frame a
program for the celebration of the
anniversary of the birth of Leland
Stanford, Jr., which falls upon May
14, reported. Several tentative plans
are being considered by the commit
tee, but no action will be taken until
the meeting of the Executive Com
mittee next week. Bills of Manager
Sales were authorized paid, aggregat
ing $2000.
Nothing further was done concern
ing the resignation of Coach Lanagan.
The committee appointed to frame a
program for the celebration of the
anniversary of the birth of Leland
Stanford, Jr., which falls upon May
14, reported. Several tentative plans
are being considered by the commit
tee, but no action will be taken until
the meeting of the Executive Com
mittee next week. Bills of Manager
Sales were authorized paid, aggregat
ing $2000.
Nothing further was done concern
ing the resignation of Coach Lanagan.
The committee appointed to frame a
program for the celebration of the
anniversary of the birth of Leland
Stanford, Jr., which falls upon May
14, reported. Several tentative plans
are being considered by the commit
tee, but no action will be taken until
the meeting of the Executive Com
mittee next week. Bills of Manager
Sales were authorized paid, aggregat
ing $2000.
Nothing further was done concern
ing the resignation of Coach Lanagan.
The committee appointed to frame a
program for the celebration of the
anniversary of the birth of Leland
Stanford, Jr., which falls upon May
14, reported. Several tentative plans
are being considered by the commit
tee, but no action will be taken until
the meeting of the Executive Com
mittee next week. Bills of Manager
Sales were authorized paid, aggregat
ing $2000.
Nothing further was done concern
ing the resignation of Coach Lanagan.
The committee appointed to frame a
program for the celebration of the
anniversary of the birth of Leland
Stanford, Jr., which falls upon May
14, reported. Several tentative plans
are being considered by the commit
tee, but no action will be taken until
the meeting of the Executive Com
mittee next week. Bills of Manager
Sales were authorized paid, aggregat
ing $2000.
Nothing further was done concern
ing the resignation of Coach Lanagan.
The committee appointed to frame a
program for the celebration of the
anniversary of the birth of Leland
Stanford, Jr., which falls upon May
14, reported. Several tentative plans
are being considered by the commit
tee, but no action will be taken until
the meeting of the Executive Com
mittee next week. Bills of Manager
Sales were authorized paid, aggregat
ing $2000.
