# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tryouts for the i're-reg Com
mittee will be held from Feb
bruary !>lh to 15th. Signups for
interviews will be held at the
Pre-rcg desk in the ASSII offiee
this week.
Tryouts for the i're-reg Com
mittee will be held from Feb
bruary !>lh to 15th. Signups for
interviews will be held at the
Pre-rcg desk in the ASSII offiee
this week.
Tryouts for the i're-reg Com
mittee will be held from Feb
bruary !>lh to 15th. Signups for
interviews will be held at the
Pre-rcg desk in the ASSII offiee
this week.
Tryouts for the i're-reg Com
mittee will be held from Feb
bruary !>lh to 15th. Signups for
interviews will be held at the
Pre-rcg desk in the ASSII offiee
this week.
Tryouts for the i're-reg Com
mittee will be held from Feb
bruary !>lh to 15th. Signups for
interviews will be held at the
Pre-rcg desk in the ASSII offiee
this week.
Tryouts for the i're-reg Com
mittee will be held from Feb
bruary !>lh to 15th. Signups for
interviews will be held at the
Pre-rcg desk in the ASSII offiee
this week.
Tryouts for the i're-reg Com
mittee will be held from Feb
bruary !>lh to 15th. Signups for
interviews will be held at the
Pre-rcg desk in the ASSII offiee
this week.
Tryouts for the i're-reg Com
mittee will be held from Feb
bruary !>lh to 15th. Signups for
interviews will be held at the
Pre-rcg desk in the ASSII offiee
this week.
Tryouts for the i're-reg Com
mittee will be held from Feb
bruary !>lh to 15th. Signups for
interviews will be held at the
Pre-rcg desk in the ASSII offiee
this week.
Tryouts for the i're-reg Com
mittee will be held from Feb
bruary !>lh to 15th. Signups for
interviews will be held at the
Pre-rcg desk in the ASSII offiee
this week.
Tryouts for the i're-reg Com
mittee will be held from Feb
bruary !>lh to 15th. Signups for
interviews will be held at the
Pre-rcg desk in the ASSII offiee
this week.
Tryouts for the i're-reg Com
mittee will be held from Feb
bruary !>lh to 15th. Signups for
interviews will be held at the
Pre-rcg desk in the ASSII offiee
this week.
Tryouts for the i're-reg Com
mittee will be held from Feb
bruary !>lh to 15th. Signups for
interviews will be held at the
Pre-rcg desk in the ASSII offiee
this week.
Tryouts for the i're-reg Com
mittee will be held from Feb
bruary !>lh to 15th. Signups for
interviews will be held at the
Pre-rcg desk in the ASSII offiee
this week.
Tryouts for the i're-reg Com
mittee will be held from Feb
bruary !>lh to 15th. Signups for
interviews will be held at the
Pre-rcg desk in the ASSII offiee
this week.
