# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
Everything to Wear
at our
Campus store
Why Go to Pally?
WIDEMAN & SON
Men's Union
J. W. DONALDSON
Has New and Second-Hand Bicycles
and Motorcycles
Come Early and Avoid the Rush
520 High St.
lMioiie 7J>
Everything to Wear
at our
Campus store
Why Go to Pally?
WIDEMAN & SON
Men's Union
J. W. DONALDSON
Has New and Second-Hand Bicycles
and Motorcycles
Come Early and Avoid the Rush
520 High St.
lMioiie 7J>
Everything to Wear
at our
Campus store
Why Go to Pally?
WIDEMAN & SON
Men's Union
J. W. DONALDSON
Has New and Second-Hand Bicycles
and Motorcycles
Come Early and Avoid the Rush
520 High St.
lMioiie 7J>
Everything to Wear
at our
Campus store
Why Go to Pally?
WIDEMAN & SON
Men's Union
J. W. DONALDSON
Has New and Second-Hand Bicycles
and Motorcycles
Come Early and Avoid the Rush
520 High St.
lMioiie 7J>
Everything to Wear
at our
Campus store
Why Go to Pally?
WIDEMAN & SON
Men's Union
J. W. DONALDSON
Has New and Second-Hand Bicycles
and Motorcycles
Come Early and Avoid the Rush
520 High St.
lMioiie 7J>
Everything to Wear
at our
Campus store
Why Go to Pally?
WIDEMAN & SON
Men's Union
J. W. DONALDSON
Has New and Second-Hand Bicycles
and Motorcycles
Come Early and Avoid the Rush
520 High St.
lMioiie 7J>
Everything to Wear
at our
Campus store
Why Go to Pally?
WIDEMAN & SON
Men's Union
J. W. DONALDSON
Has New and Second-Hand Bicycles
and Motorcycles
Come Early and Avoid the Rush
520 High St.
lMioiie 7J>
Everything to Wear
at our
Campus store
Why Go to Pally?
WIDEMAN & SON
Men's Union
J. W. DONALDSON
Has New and Second-Hand Bicycles
and Motorcycles
Come Early and Avoid the Rush
520 High St.
lMioiie 7J>
Everything to Wear
at our
Campus store
Why Go to Pally?
WIDEMAN & SON
Men's Union
J. W. DONALDSON
Has New and Second-Hand Bicycles
and Motorcycles
Come Early and Avoid the Rush
520 High St.
lMioiie 7J>
Everything to Wear
at our
Campus store
Why Go to Pally?
WIDEMAN & SON
Men's Union
J. W. DONALDSON
Has New and Second-Hand Bicycles
and Motorcycles
Come Early and Avoid the Rush
520 High St.
lMioiie 7J>
Everything to Wear
at our
Campus store
Why Go to Pally?
WIDEMAN & SON
Men's Union
J. W. DONALDSON
Has New and Second-Hand Bicycles
and Motorcycles
Come Early and Avoid the Rush
520 High St.
lMioiie 7J>
Everything to Wear
at our
Campus store
Why Go to Pally?
WIDEMAN & SON
Men's Union
J. W. DONALDSON
Has New and Second-Hand Bicycles
and Motorcycles
Come Early and Avoid the Rush
520 High St.
lMioiie 7J>
Everything to Wear
at our
Campus store
Why Go to Pally?
WIDEMAN & SON
Men's Union
J. W. DONALDSON
Has New and Second-Hand Bicycles
and Motorcycles
Come Early and Avoid the Rush
520 High St.
lMioiie 7J>
Everything to Wear
at our
Campus store
Why Go to Pally?
WIDEMAN & SON
Men's Union
J. W. DONALDSON
Has New and Second-Hand Bicycles
and Motorcycles
Come Early and Avoid the Rush
520 High St.
lMioiie 7J>
