# Adv. 19 Page 8
## 
### 
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
Deadline for OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication. Separate
forms must be submitted
for each day an an
nouncement is to ap
pear.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
Deadline for OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication. Separate
forms must be submitted
for each day an an
nouncement is to ap
pear.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
Deadline for OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication. Separate
forms must be submitted
for each day an an
nouncement is to ap
pear.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
Deadline for OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication. Separate
forms must be submitted
for each day an an
nouncement is to ap
pear.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
Deadline for OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication. Separate
forms must be submitted
for each day an an
nouncement is to ap
pear.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
Deadline for OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication. Separate
forms must be submitted
for each day an an
nouncement is to ap
pear.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
Deadline for OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication. Separate
forms must be submitted
for each day an an
nouncement is to ap
pear.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
Deadline for OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication. Separate
forms must be submitted
for each day an an
nouncement is to ap
pear.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
Deadline for OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication. Separate
forms must be submitted
for each day an an
nouncement is to ap
pear.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
Deadline for OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication. Separate
forms must be submitted
for each day an an
nouncement is to ap
pear.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
Deadline for OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication. Separate
forms must be submitted
for each day an an
nouncement is to ap
pear.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
Deadline for OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication. Separate
forms must be submitted
for each day an an
nouncement is to ap
pear.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
Deadline for OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication. Separate
forms must be submitted
for each day an an
nouncement is to ap
pear.
