# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
University and Bryant
Palo Alto
Special This Week
The Wirthmor
Gingham Frocks
10 different styles to
select from
jjj|
■ ■ 11X
Sizes 36 to 44
University and Bryant
Palo Alto
Special This Week
The Wirthmor
Gingham Frocks
10 different styles to
select from
jjj|
■ ■ 11X
Sizes 36 to 44
University and Bryant
Palo Alto
Special This Week
The Wirthmor
Gingham Frocks
10 different styles to
select from
jjj|
■ ■ 11X
Sizes 36 to 44
University and Bryant
Palo Alto
Special This Week
The Wirthmor
Gingham Frocks
10 different styles to
select from
jjj|
■ ■ 11X
Sizes 36 to 44
University and Bryant
Palo Alto
Special This Week
The Wirthmor
Gingham Frocks
10 different styles to
select from
jjj|
■ ■ 11X
Sizes 36 to 44
University and Bryant
Palo Alto
Special This Week
The Wirthmor
Gingham Frocks
10 different styles to
select from
jjj|
■ ■ 11X
Sizes 36 to 44
University and Bryant
Palo Alto
Special This Week
The Wirthmor
Gingham Frocks
10 different styles to
select from
jjj|
■ ■ 11X
Sizes 36 to 44
University and Bryant
Palo Alto
Special This Week
The Wirthmor
Gingham Frocks
10 different styles to
select from
jjj|
■ ■ 11X
Sizes 36 to 44
University and Bryant
Palo Alto
Special This Week
The Wirthmor
Gingham Frocks
10 different styles to
select from
jjj|
■ ■ 11X
Sizes 36 to 44
University and Bryant
Palo Alto
Special This Week
The Wirthmor
Gingham Frocks
10 different styles to
select from
jjj|
■ ■ 11X
Sizes 36 to 44
University and Bryant
Palo Alto
Special This Week
The Wirthmor
Gingham Frocks
10 different styles to
select from
jjj|
■ ■ 11X
Sizes 36 to 44
University and Bryant
Palo Alto
Special This Week
The Wirthmor
Gingham Frocks
10 different styles to
select from
jjj|
■ ■ 11X
Sizes 36 to 44
University and Bryant
Palo Alto
Special This Week
The Wirthmor
Gingham Frocks
10 different styles to
select from
jjj|
■ ■ 11X
Sizes 36 to 44
University and Bryant
Palo Alto
Special This Week
The Wirthmor
Gingham Frocks
10 different styles to
select from
jjj|
■ ■ 11X
Sizes 36 to 44
University and Bryant
Palo Alto
Special This Week
The Wirthmor
Gingham Frocks
10 different styles to
select from
jjj|
■ ■ 11X
Sizes 36 to 44
