# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Mrs. Branner entertained the mem
bers of Cap and Gown at an informal
dinner last Friday.
Mrs. Branner entertained the mem
bers of Cap and Gown at an informal
dinner last Friday.
Mrs. Branner entertained the mem
bers of Cap and Gown at an informal
dinner last Friday.
Mrs. Branner entertained the mem
bers of Cap and Gown at an informal
dinner last Friday.
Mrs. Branner entertained the mem
bers of Cap and Gown at an informal
dinner last Friday.
Mrs. Branner entertained the mem
bers of Cap and Gown at an informal
dinner last Friday.
Mrs. Branner entertained the mem
bers of Cap and Gown at an informal
dinner last Friday.
Mrs. Branner entertained the mem
bers of Cap and Gown at an informal
dinner last Friday.
Mrs. Branner entertained the mem
bers of Cap and Gown at an informal
dinner last Friday.
Mrs. Branner entertained the mem
bers of Cap and Gown at an informal
dinner last Friday.
Mrs. Branner entertained the mem
bers of Cap and Gown at an informal
dinner last Friday.
Mrs. Branner entertained the mem
bers of Cap and Gown at an informal
dinner last Friday.
Mrs. Branner entertained the mem
bers of Cap and Gown at an informal
dinner last Friday.
