# Adv. 31 Page 18
## 
### 
DONORS WANTED
ONE-TIME SPERM DONOR
NEEDED ASAP
$500+ for one time. My wife and
I need your help NOW! A new test
tells me I've got fertility
problems. We're doing IVF next
week so need immediate response
from potential donor: 18+ in
great health, highly intelligent
and willing to provide current
photo (we'd like to make sure
there's some resemblance between
you and me). Anonymity
first-name-only OK. Important.
Vou must be ready to act quickly
and reliably. Entire process
should take about 5 hours of
your time over next 7 days. If in
terested, you must contact us
within the next few days at
valhav@hotmail.com
HEALTHY MEN
Qualified sperm donors
can earn up to $600/ month
CALIFORNIA CRYOBANK
More Info 324-1900 M-F 8-4PM
