# Cardinal to Meet Fort Miley Team in Final Practice Tomorrow
## 
### 
Midweek baseball will be played for
the last time this season on the Stan
ford diamond tomorrow afternoon,
when the Cardinal varsity meets the
Fort Miley team of San Francisco.
The game will be called at 4:15,
twenty-five cents being the admission
price to all those minus season tick
ets. King Kelly will handle the in
dicator.
This is the last practice game the
team will have before taking on the
Blue and Gold varsity in the most im
portant contest of the season. The
same lineup will be used by Captain
Dent and Coach .Tack McCarthy as was
used at Berkeley last Saturday, and
if any weak spots show up before the
next game of the Big Series, they
will undoubtedly come to the front in
tomorrow's tangle. A good crowd if- -
expected to see the players in their
final workout.
Midweek baseball will be played for
the last time this season on the Stan
ford diamond tomorrow afternoon,
when the Cardinal varsity meets the
Fort Miley team of San Francisco.
The game will be called at 4:15,
twenty-five cents being the admission
price to all those minus season tick
ets. King Kelly will handle the in
dicator.
This is the last practice game the
team will have before taking on the
Blue and Gold varsity in the most im
portant contest of the season. The
same lineup will be used by Captain
Dent and Coach .Tack McCarthy as was
used at Berkeley last Saturday, and
if any weak spots show up before the
next game of the Big Series, they
will undoubtedly come to the front in
tomorrow's tangle. A good crowd if- -
expected to see the players in their
final workout.
Midweek baseball will be played for
the last time this season on the Stan
ford diamond tomorrow afternoon,
when the Cardinal varsity meets the
Fort Miley team of San Francisco.
The game will be called at 4:15,
twenty-five cents being the admission
price to all those minus season tick
ets. King Kelly will handle the in
dicator.
This is the last practice game the
team will have before taking on the
Blue and Gold varsity in the most im
portant contest of the season. The
same lineup will be used by Captain
Dent and Coach .Tack McCarthy as was
used at Berkeley last Saturday, and
if any weak spots show up before the
next game of the Big Series, they
will undoubtedly come to the front in
tomorrow's tangle. A good crowd if- -
expected to see the players in their
final workout.
Midweek baseball will be played for
the last time this season on the Stan
ford diamond tomorrow afternoon,
when the Cardinal varsity meets the
Fort Miley team of San Francisco.
The game will be called at 4:15,
twenty-five cents being the admission
price to all those minus season tick
ets. King Kelly will handle the in
dicator.
This is the last practice game the
team will have before taking on the
Blue and Gold varsity in the most im
portant contest of the season. The
same lineup will be used by Captain
Dent and Coach .Tack McCarthy as was
used at Berkeley last Saturday, and
if any weak spots show up before the
next game of the Big Series, they
will undoubtedly come to the front in
tomorrow's tangle. A good crowd if- -
expected to see the players in their
final workout.
Midweek baseball will be played for
the last time this season on the Stan
ford diamond tomorrow afternoon,
when the Cardinal varsity meets the
Fort Miley team of San Francisco.
The game will be called at 4:15,
twenty-five cents being the admission
price to all those minus season tick
ets. King Kelly will handle the in
dicator.
This is the last practice game the
team will have before taking on the
Blue and Gold varsity in the most im
portant contest of the season. The
same lineup will be used by Captain
Dent and Coach .Tack McCarthy as was
used at Berkeley last Saturday, and
if any weak spots show up before the
next game of the Big Series, they
will undoubtedly come to the front in
tomorrow's tangle. A good crowd if- -
expected to see the players in their
final workout.
Midweek baseball will be played for
the last time this season on the Stan
ford diamond tomorrow afternoon,
when the Cardinal varsity meets the
Fort Miley team of San Francisco.
The game will be called at 4:15,
twenty-five cents being the admission
price to all those minus season tick
ets. King Kelly will handle the in
dicator.
This is the last practice game the
team will have before taking on the
Blue and Gold varsity in the most im
portant contest of the season. The
same lineup will be used by Captain
Dent and Coach .Tack McCarthy as was
used at Berkeley last Saturday, and
if any weak spots show up before the
next game of the Big Series, they
will undoubtedly come to the front in
tomorrow's tangle. A good crowd if- -
expected to see the players in their
final workout.
Midweek baseball will be played for
the last time this season on the Stan
ford diamond tomorrow afternoon,
when the Cardinal varsity meets the
Fort Miley team of San Francisco.
The game will be called at 4:15,
twenty-five cents being the admission
price to all those minus season tick
ets. King Kelly will handle the in
dicator.
This is the last practice game the
team will have before taking on the
Blue and Gold varsity in the most im
portant contest of the season. The
same lineup will be used by Captain
Dent and Coach .Tack McCarthy as was
used at Berkeley last Saturday, and
if any weak spots show up before the
next game of the Big Series, they
will undoubtedly come to the front in
tomorrow's tangle. A good crowd if- -
expected to see the players in their
final workout.
Midweek baseball will be played for
the last time this season on the Stan
ford diamond tomorrow afternoon,
when the Cardinal varsity meets the
Fort Miley team of San Francisco.
The game will be called at 4:15,
twenty-five cents being the admission
price to all those minus season tick
ets. King Kelly will handle the in
dicator.
This is the last practice game the
team will have before taking on the
Blue and Gold varsity in the most im
portant contest of the season. The
same lineup will be used by Captain
Dent and Coach .Tack McCarthy as was
used at Berkeley last Saturday, and
if any weak spots show up before the
next game of the Big Series, they
will undoubtedly come to the front in
tomorrow's tangle. A good crowd if- -
expected to see the players in their
final workout.
Midweek baseball will be played for
the last time this season on the Stan
ford diamond tomorrow afternoon,
when the Cardinal varsity meets the
Fort Miley team of San Francisco.
The game will be called at 4:15,
twenty-five cents being the admission
price to all those minus season tick
ets. King Kelly will handle the in
dicator.
This is the last practice game the
team will have before taking on the
Blue and Gold varsity in the most im
portant contest of the season. The
same lineup will be used by Captain
Dent and Coach .Tack McCarthy as was
used at Berkeley last Saturday, and
if any weak spots show up before the
next game of the Big Series, they
will undoubtedly come to the front in
tomorrow's tangle. A good crowd if- -
expected to see the players in their
final workout.
Midweek baseball will be played for
the last time this season on the Stan
ford diamond tomorrow afternoon,
when the Cardinal varsity meets the
Fort Miley team of San Francisco.
The game will be called at 4:15,
twenty-five cents being the admission
price to all those minus season tick
ets. King Kelly will handle the in
dicator.
This is the last practice game the
team will have before taking on the
Blue and Gold varsity in the most im
portant contest of the season. The
same lineup will be used by Captain
Dent and Coach .Tack McCarthy as was
used at Berkeley last Saturday, and
if any weak spots show up before the
next game of the Big Series, they
will undoubtedly come to the front in
tomorrow's tangle. A good crowd if- -
expected to see the players in their
final workout.
Midweek baseball will be played for
the last time this season on the Stan
ford diamond tomorrow afternoon,
when the Cardinal varsity meets the
Fort Miley team of San Francisco.
The game will be called at 4:15,
twenty-five cents being the admission
price to all those minus season tick
ets. King Kelly will handle the in
dicator.
This is the last practice game the
team will have before taking on the
Blue and Gold varsity in the most im
portant contest of the season. The
same lineup will be used by Captain
Dent and Coach .Tack McCarthy as was
used at Berkeley last Saturday, and
if any weak spots show up before the
next game of the Big Series, they
will undoubtedly come to the front in
tomorrow's tangle. A good crowd if- -
expected to see the players in their
final workout.
Midweek baseball will be played for
the last time this season on the Stan
ford diamond tomorrow afternoon,
when the Cardinal varsity meets the
Fort Miley team of San Francisco.
The game will be called at 4:15,
twenty-five cents being the admission
price to all those minus season tick
ets. King Kelly will handle the in
dicator.
This is the last practice game the
team will have before taking on the
Blue and Gold varsity in the most im
portant contest of the season. The
same lineup will be used by Captain
Dent and Coach .Tack McCarthy as was
used at Berkeley last Saturday, and
if any weak spots show up before the
next game of the Big Series, they
will undoubtedly come to the front in
tomorrow's tangle. A good crowd if- -
expected to see the players in their
final workout.
Midweek baseball will be played for
the last time this season on the Stan
ford diamond tomorrow afternoon,
when the Cardinal varsity meets the
Fort Miley team of San Francisco.
The game will be called at 4:15,
twenty-five cents being the admission
price to all those minus season tick
ets. King Kelly will handle the in
dicator.
This is the last practice game the
team will have before taking on the
Blue and Gold varsity in the most im
portant contest of the season. The
same lineup will be used by Captain
Dent and Coach .Tack McCarthy as was
used at Berkeley last Saturday, and
if any weak spots show up before the
next game of the Big Series, they
will undoubtedly come to the front in
tomorrow's tangle. A good crowd if- -
expected to see the players in their
final workout.
Midweek baseball will be played for
the last time this season on the Stan
ford diamond tomorrow afternoon,
when the Cardinal varsity meets the
Fort Miley team of San Francisco.
The game will be called at 4:15,
twenty-five cents being the admission
price to all those minus season tick
ets. King Kelly will handle the in
dicator.
This is the last practice game the
team will have before taking on the
Blue and Gold varsity in the most im
portant contest of the season. The
same lineup will be used by Captain
Dent and Coach .Tack McCarthy as was
used at Berkeley last Saturday, and
if any weak spots show up before the
next game of the Big Series, they
will undoubtedly come to the front in
tomorrow's tangle. A good crowd if- -
expected to see the players in their
final workout.
