# Will Aid Colonel Fineweather Optimist Feels III Fortune
## 
### 
"Colonel Fairweather," the little old
man with the broom, and the smile of
optimism that made him everybody's
friend, is down and out. The doctor
says that the sun is beginning to set
for .John Stacy. Me has been ill, and
away from work since December, liv
ing with his son at 222 Grant street,
Mayfield.
The Daily Palo Alto, with your co
operation, is going to help Colonel
Fairweather. The son cannot provide
all of life's necessities, for he sup
ports a family of four by handling a
pick and shovel. And when life is
ebbing, life's necessities are doubly
needed and triply appreciated.
That is why The Daily Palo Alto is
going to help John Stacy. Volunteer
contributions, from a jitney up, will
be welcomed for a few days. Speak to
"Dad" Mercer on the Quad, drop in at
Wideman's in the Union, or give the
small bit of silver to any member of
The Daily Palo Alto staff.
"Colonel Fairweather," the little old
man with the broom, and the smile of
optimism that made him everybody's
friend, is down and out. The doctor
says that the sun is beginning to set
for .John Stacy. Me has been ill, and
away from work since December, liv
ing with his son at 222 Grant street,
Mayfield.
The Daily Palo Alto, with your co
operation, is going to help Colonel
Fairweather. The son cannot provide
all of life's necessities, for he sup
ports a family of four by handling a
pick and shovel. And when life is
ebbing, life's necessities are doubly
needed and triply appreciated.
That is why The Daily Palo Alto is
going to help John Stacy. Volunteer
contributions, from a jitney up, will
be welcomed for a few days. Speak to
"Dad" Mercer on the Quad, drop in at
Wideman's in the Union, or give the
small bit of silver to any member of
The Daily Palo Alto staff.
"Colonel Fairweather," the little old
man with the broom, and the smile of
optimism that made him everybody's
friend, is down and out. The doctor
says that the sun is beginning to set
for .John Stacy. Me has been ill, and
away from work since December, liv
ing with his son at 222 Grant street,
Mayfield.
The Daily Palo Alto, with your co
operation, is going to help Colonel
Fairweather. The son cannot provide
all of life's necessities, for he sup
ports a family of four by handling a
pick and shovel. And when life is
ebbing, life's necessities are doubly
needed and triply appreciated.
That is why The Daily Palo Alto is
going to help John Stacy. Volunteer
contributions, from a jitney up, will
be welcomed for a few days. Speak to
"Dad" Mercer on the Quad, drop in at
Wideman's in the Union, or give the
small bit of silver to any member of
The Daily Palo Alto staff.
"Colonel Fairweather," the little old
man with the broom, and the smile of
optimism that made him everybody's
friend, is down and out. The doctor
says that the sun is beginning to set
for .John Stacy. Me has been ill, and
away from work since December, liv
ing with his son at 222 Grant street,
Mayfield.
The Daily Palo Alto, with your co
operation, is going to help Colonel
Fairweather. The son cannot provide
all of life's necessities, for he sup
ports a family of four by handling a
pick and shovel. And when life is
ebbing, life's necessities are doubly
needed and triply appreciated.
That is why The Daily Palo Alto is
going to help John Stacy. Volunteer
contributions, from a jitney up, will
be welcomed for a few days. Speak to
"Dad" Mercer on the Quad, drop in at
Wideman's in the Union, or give the
small bit of silver to any member of
The Daily Palo Alto staff.
"Colonel Fairweather," the little old
man with the broom, and the smile of
optimism that made him everybody's
friend, is down and out. The doctor
says that the sun is beginning to set
for .John Stacy. Me has been ill, and
away from work since December, liv
ing with his son at 222 Grant street,
Mayfield.
The Daily Palo Alto, with your co
operation, is going to help Colonel
Fairweather. The son cannot provide
all of life's necessities, for he sup
ports a family of four by handling a
pick and shovel. And when life is
ebbing, life's necessities are doubly
needed and triply appreciated.
That is why The Daily Palo Alto is
going to help John Stacy. Volunteer
contributions, from a jitney up, will
be welcomed for a few days. Speak to
"Dad" Mercer on the Quad, drop in at
Wideman's in the Union, or give the
small bit of silver to any member of
The Daily Palo Alto staff.
"Colonel Fairweather," the little old
man with the broom, and the smile of
optimism that made him everybody's
friend, is down and out. The doctor
says that the sun is beginning to set
for .John Stacy. Me has been ill, and
away from work since December, liv
ing with his son at 222 Grant street,
Mayfield.
The Daily Palo Alto, with your co
operation, is going to help Colonel
Fairweather. The son cannot provide
all of life's necessities, for he sup
ports a family of four by handling a
pick and shovel. And when life is
ebbing, life's necessities are doubly
needed and triply appreciated.
That is why The Daily Palo Alto is
going to help John Stacy. Volunteer
contributions, from a jitney up, will
be welcomed for a few days. Speak to
"Dad" Mercer on the Quad, drop in at
Wideman's in the Union, or give the
small bit of silver to any member of
The Daily Palo Alto staff.
"Colonel Fairweather," the little old
man with the broom, and the smile of
optimism that made him everybody's
friend, is down and out. The doctor
says that the sun is beginning to set
for .John Stacy. Me has been ill, and
away from work since December, liv
ing with his son at 222 Grant street,
Mayfield.
The Daily Palo Alto, with your co
operation, is going to help Colonel
Fairweather. The son cannot provide
all of life's necessities, for he sup
ports a family of four by handling a
pick and shovel. And when life is
ebbing, life's necessities are doubly
needed and triply appreciated.
That is why The Daily Palo Alto is
going to help John Stacy. Volunteer
contributions, from a jitney up, will
be welcomed for a few days. Speak to
"Dad" Mercer on the Quad, drop in at
Wideman's in the Union, or give the
small bit of silver to any member of
The Daily Palo Alto staff.
"Colonel Fairweather," the little old
man with the broom, and the smile of
optimism that made him everybody's
friend, is down and out. The doctor
says that the sun is beginning to set
for .John Stacy. Me has been ill, and
away from work since December, liv
ing with his son at 222 Grant street,
Mayfield.
The Daily Palo Alto, with your co
operation, is going to help Colonel
Fairweather. The son cannot provide
all of life's necessities, for he sup
ports a family of four by handling a
pick and shovel. And when life is
ebbing, life's necessities are doubly
needed and triply appreciated.
That is why The Daily Palo Alto is
going to help John Stacy. Volunteer
contributions, from a jitney up, will
be welcomed for a few days. Speak to
"Dad" Mercer on the Quad, drop in at
Wideman's in the Union, or give the
small bit of silver to any member of
The Daily Palo Alto staff.
"Colonel Fairweather," the little old
man with the broom, and the smile of
optimism that made him everybody's
friend, is down and out. The doctor
says that the sun is beginning to set
for .John Stacy. Me has been ill, and
away from work since December, liv
ing with his son at 222 Grant street,
Mayfield.
The Daily Palo Alto, with your co
operation, is going to help Colonel
Fairweather. The son cannot provide
all of life's necessities, for he sup
ports a family of four by handling a
pick and shovel. And when life is
ebbing, life's necessities are doubly
needed and triply appreciated.
That is why The Daily Palo Alto is
going to help John Stacy. Volunteer
contributions, from a jitney up, will
be welcomed for a few days. Speak to
"Dad" Mercer on the Quad, drop in at
Wideman's in the Union, or give the
small bit of silver to any member of
The Daily Palo Alto staff.
"Colonel Fairweather," the little old
man with the broom, and the smile of
optimism that made him everybody's
friend, is down and out. The doctor
says that the sun is beginning to set
for .John Stacy. Me has been ill, and
away from work since December, liv
ing with his son at 222 Grant street,
Mayfield.
The Daily Palo Alto, with your co
operation, is going to help Colonel
Fairweather. The son cannot provide
all of life's necessities, for he sup
ports a family of four by handling a
pick and shovel. And when life is
ebbing, life's necessities are doubly
needed and triply appreciated.
That is why The Daily Palo Alto is
going to help John Stacy. Volunteer
contributions, from a jitney up, will
be welcomed for a few days. Speak to
"Dad" Mercer on the Quad, drop in at
Wideman's in the Union, or give the
small bit of silver to any member of
The Daily Palo Alto staff.
"Colonel Fairweather," the little old
man with the broom, and the smile of
optimism that made him everybody's
friend, is down and out. The doctor
says that the sun is beginning to set
for .John Stacy. Me has been ill, and
away from work since December, liv
ing with his son at 222 Grant street,
Mayfield.
The Daily Palo Alto, with your co
operation, is going to help Colonel
Fairweather. The son cannot provide
all of life's necessities, for he sup
ports a family of four by handling a
pick and shovel. And when life is
ebbing, life's necessities are doubly
needed and triply appreciated.
That is why The Daily Palo Alto is
going to help John Stacy. Volunteer
contributions, from a jitney up, will
be welcomed for a few days. Speak to
"Dad" Mercer on the Quad, drop in at
Wideman's in the Union, or give the
small bit of silver to any member of
The Daily Palo Alto staff.
"Colonel Fairweather," the little old
man with the broom, and the smile of
optimism that made him everybody's
friend, is down and out. The doctor
says that the sun is beginning to set
for .John Stacy. Me has been ill, and
away from work since December, liv
ing with his son at 222 Grant street,
Mayfield.
The Daily Palo Alto, with your co
operation, is going to help Colonel
Fairweather. The son cannot provide
all of life's necessities, for he sup
ports a family of four by handling a
pick and shovel. And when life is
ebbing, life's necessities are doubly
needed and triply appreciated.
That is why The Daily Palo Alto is
going to help John Stacy. Volunteer
contributions, from a jitney up, will
be welcomed for a few days. Speak to
"Dad" Mercer on the Quad, drop in at
Wideman's in the Union, or give the
small bit of silver to any member of
The Daily Palo Alto staff.
"Colonel Fairweather," the little old
man with the broom, and the smile of
optimism that made him everybody's
friend, is down and out. The doctor
says that the sun is beginning to set
for .John Stacy. Me has been ill, and
away from work since December, liv
ing with his son at 222 Grant street,
Mayfield.
The Daily Palo Alto, with your co
operation, is going to help Colonel
Fairweather. The son cannot provide
all of life's necessities, for he sup
ports a family of four by handling a
pick and shovel. And when life is
ebbing, life's necessities are doubly
needed and triply appreciated.
That is why The Daily Palo Alto is
going to help John Stacy. Volunteer
contributions, from a jitney up, will
be welcomed for a few days. Speak to
"Dad" Mercer on the Quad, drop in at
Wideman's in the Union, or give the
small bit of silver to any member of
The Daily Palo Alto staff.
"Colonel Fairweather," the little old
man with the broom, and the smile of
optimism that made him everybody's
friend, is down and out. The doctor
says that the sun is beginning to set
for .John Stacy. Me has been ill, and
away from work since December, liv
ing with his son at 222 Grant street,
Mayfield.
The Daily Palo Alto, with your co
operation, is going to help Colonel
Fairweather. The son cannot provide
all of life's necessities, for he sup
ports a family of four by handling a
pick and shovel. And when life is
ebbing, life's necessities are doubly
needed and triply appreciated.
That is why The Daily Palo Alto is
going to help John Stacy. Volunteer
contributions, from a jitney up, will
be welcomed for a few days. Speak to
"Dad" Mercer on the Quad, drop in at
Wideman's in the Union, or give the
small bit of silver to any member of
The Daily Palo Alto staff.
