# BEASLEY LECTURE TONIGHT
## 
### 
Dr. Shad worth O. Beasley, of the
Stanford Medical School, will talk
tonight in room 100, telling of his
experiences as a member of a lied
Cross unit in Servian service dur
ing the German drive into that ter
ritory, last summer and early fall.
Dr. Beasley is an all-round big
man, big in stature, in nature and
in personality, and he makes his
hearers go with him into his vol
unteer Red Cross work; makes
them stay with him in the great
hospital at Belgrade, and attend
the wounds of the soldiers, while
the German shells are ra/.ing the
city and even explode in the hos
pital itself. Those who go to the
old chapel tonight at 8 o'clock will
get an intimate view of actual war
conditions told by & Stanford man.
