# Nominations Open For WAA Offices
## 
### 
Women's Athletic Association is
holding nominations and interviews
for offices on next year's board to
day and tomorrow at the Women's
Gym.
Nominations may be made in the
lobby of the gym today. Senior
board members will be at the gym
today from 9 to 12 a.m. and 1 to 5
p.m. and tomorrow from 9 to 12
a.m. to discuss the requisites and
possibi'ities of the positions with
those nominated and also with any
one who is interested in running.
Women's Athletic Association is
holding nominations and interviews
for offices on next year's board to
day and tomorrow at the Women's
Gym.
Nominations may be made in the
lobby of the gym today. Senior
board members will be at the gym
today from 9 to 12 a.m. and 1 to 5
p.m. and tomorrow from 9 to 12
a.m. to discuss the requisites and
possibi'ities of the positions with
those nominated and also with any
one who is interested in running.
Women's Athletic Association is
holding nominations and interviews
for offices on next year's board to
day and tomorrow at the Women's
Gym.
Nominations may be made in the
lobby of the gym today. Senior
board members will be at the gym
today from 9 to 12 a.m. and 1 to 5
p.m. and tomorrow from 9 to 12
a.m. to discuss the requisites and
possibi'ities of the positions with
those nominated and also with any
one who is interested in running.
Women's Athletic Association is
holding nominations and interviews
for offices on next year's board to
day and tomorrow at the Women's
Gym.
Nominations may be made in the
lobby of the gym today. Senior
board members will be at the gym
today from 9 to 12 a.m. and 1 to 5
p.m. and tomorrow from 9 to 12
a.m. to discuss the requisites and
possibi'ities of the positions with
those nominated and also with any
one who is interested in running.
Women's Athletic Association is
holding nominations and interviews
for offices on next year's board to
day and tomorrow at the Women's
Gym.
Nominations may be made in the
lobby of the gym today. Senior
board members will be at the gym
today from 9 to 12 a.m. and 1 to 5
p.m. and tomorrow from 9 to 12
a.m. to discuss the requisites and
possibi'ities of the positions with
those nominated and also with any
one who is interested in running.
Women's Athletic Association is
holding nominations and interviews
for offices on next year's board to
day and tomorrow at the Women's
Gym.
Nominations may be made in the
lobby of the gym today. Senior
board members will be at the gym
today from 9 to 12 a.m. and 1 to 5
p.m. and tomorrow from 9 to 12
a.m. to discuss the requisites and
possibi'ities of the positions with
those nominated and also with any
one who is interested in running.
Women's Athletic Association is
holding nominations and interviews
for offices on next year's board to
day and tomorrow at the Women's
Gym.
Nominations may be made in the
lobby of the gym today. Senior
board members will be at the gym
today from 9 to 12 a.m. and 1 to 5
p.m. and tomorrow from 9 to 12
a.m. to discuss the requisites and
possibi'ities of the positions with
those nominated and also with any
one who is interested in running.
Women's Athletic Association is
holding nominations and interviews
for offices on next year's board to
day and tomorrow at the Women's
Gym.
Nominations may be made in the
lobby of the gym today. Senior
board members will be at the gym
today from 9 to 12 a.m. and 1 to 5
p.m. and tomorrow from 9 to 12
a.m. to discuss the requisites and
possibi'ities of the positions with
those nominated and also with any
one who is interested in running.
Women's Athletic Association is
holding nominations and interviews
for offices on next year's board to
day and tomorrow at the Women's
Gym.
Nominations may be made in the
lobby of the gym today. Senior
board members will be at the gym
today from 9 to 12 a.m. and 1 to 5
p.m. and tomorrow from 9 to 12
a.m. to discuss the requisites and
possibi'ities of the positions with
those nominated and also with any
one who is interested in running.
Women's Athletic Association is
holding nominations and interviews
for offices on next year's board to
day and tomorrow at the Women's
Gym.
Nominations may be made in the
lobby of the gym today. Senior
board members will be at the gym
today from 9 to 12 a.m. and 1 to 5
p.m. and tomorrow from 9 to 12
a.m. to discuss the requisites and
possibi'ities of the positions with
those nominated and also with any
one who is interested in running.
Women's Athletic Association is
holding nominations and interviews
for offices on next year's board to
day and tomorrow at the Women's
Gym.
Nominations may be made in the
lobby of the gym today. Senior
board members will be at the gym
today from 9 to 12 a.m. and 1 to 5
p.m. and tomorrow from 9 to 12
a.m. to discuss the requisites and
possibi'ities of the positions with
those nominated and also with any
one who is interested in running.
Women's Athletic Association is
holding nominations and interviews
for offices on next year's board to
day and tomorrow at the Women's
Gym.
Nominations may be made in the
lobby of the gym today. Senior
board members will be at the gym
today from 9 to 12 a.m. and 1 to 5
p.m. and tomorrow from 9 to 12
a.m. to discuss the requisites and
possibi'ities of the positions with
those nominated and also with any
one who is interested in running.
Women's Athletic Association is
holding nominations and interviews
for offices on next year's board to
day and tomorrow at the Women's
Gym.
Nominations may be made in the
lobby of the gym today. Senior
board members will be at the gym
today from 9 to 12 a.m. and 1 to 5
p.m. and tomorrow from 9 to 12
a.m. to discuss the requisites and
possibi'ities of the positions with
those nominated and also with any
one who is interested in running.
Women's Athletic Association is
holding nominations and interviews
for offices on next year's board to
day and tomorrow at the Women's
Gym.
Nominations may be made in the
lobby of the gym today. Senior
board members will be at the gym
today from 9 to 12 a.m. and 1 to 5
p.m. and tomorrow from 9 to 12
a.m. to discuss the requisites and
possibi'ities of the positions with
those nominated and also with any
one who is interested in running.
