# TAU BETA PI INITIATES
## 
### 
Thirty-four students have been
initiated into Tau Beta Pi. national
honorary engineering fraternity, it
was announced this week. The new
members were selected from 500
engineering students on the basis of
scholastic standing and character.
Thirty-four students have been
initiated into Tau Beta Pi. national
honorary engineering fraternity, it
was announced this week. The new
members were selected from 500
engineering students on the basis of
scholastic standing and character.
Thirty-four students have been
initiated into Tau Beta Pi. national
honorary engineering fraternity, it
was announced this week. The new
members were selected from 500
engineering students on the basis of
scholastic standing and character.
Thirty-four students have been
initiated into Tau Beta Pi. national
honorary engineering fraternity, it
was announced this week. The new
members were selected from 500
engineering students on the basis of
scholastic standing and character.
Thirty-four students have been
initiated into Tau Beta Pi. national
honorary engineering fraternity, it
was announced this week. The new
members were selected from 500
engineering students on the basis of
scholastic standing and character.
Thirty-four students have been
initiated into Tau Beta Pi. national
honorary engineering fraternity, it
was announced this week. The new
members were selected from 500
engineering students on the basis of
scholastic standing and character.
Thirty-four students have been
initiated into Tau Beta Pi. national
honorary engineering fraternity, it
was announced this week. The new
members were selected from 500
engineering students on the basis of
scholastic standing and character.
Thirty-four students have been
initiated into Tau Beta Pi. national
honorary engineering fraternity, it
was announced this week. The new
members were selected from 500
engineering students on the basis of
scholastic standing and character.
Thirty-four students have been
initiated into Tau Beta Pi. national
honorary engineering fraternity, it
was announced this week. The new
members were selected from 500
engineering students on the basis of
scholastic standing and character.
Thirty-four students have been
initiated into Tau Beta Pi. national
honorary engineering fraternity, it
was announced this week. The new
members were selected from 500
engineering students on the basis of
scholastic standing and character.
Thirty-four students have been
initiated into Tau Beta Pi. national
honorary engineering fraternity, it
was announced this week. The new
members were selected from 500
engineering students on the basis of
scholastic standing and character.
Thirty-four students have been
initiated into Tau Beta Pi. national
honorary engineering fraternity, it
was announced this week. The new
members were selected from 500
engineering students on the basis of
scholastic standing and character.
Thirty-four students have been
initiated into Tau Beta Pi. national
honorary engineering fraternity, it
was announced this week. The new
members were selected from 500
engineering students on the basis of
scholastic standing and character.
Thirty-four students have been
initiated into Tau Beta Pi. national
honorary engineering fraternity, it
was announced this week. The new
members were selected from 500
engineering students on the basis of
scholastic standing and character.
