# Moot Court Argues On Divorce Today
## 
### 
Interstate divorce will continue to
be discussed today in the semi-final
session of Moot Court in Cubherley
Auditorium. The court will be in
session about two hours starting at
4:15 p.m.
Moot Court is a program for law
students in presenting oral argu
ments. Its sessions, which are held
each year, are conducted like the
appellate courts. The four winners
of the semi-finals will enter the
final session next fall.
Interstate divorce will continue to
be discussed today in the semi-final
session of Moot Court in Cubherley
Auditorium. The court will be in
session about two hours starting at
4:15 p.m.
Moot Court is a program for law
students in presenting oral argu
ments. Its sessions, which are held
each year, are conducted like the
appellate courts. The four winners
of the semi-finals will enter the
final session next fall.
Interstate divorce will continue to
be discussed today in the semi-final
session of Moot Court in Cubherley
Auditorium. The court will be in
session about two hours starting at
4:15 p.m.
Moot Court is a program for law
students in presenting oral argu
ments. Its sessions, which are held
each year, are conducted like the
appellate courts. The four winners
of the semi-finals will enter the
final session next fall.
Interstate divorce will continue to
be discussed today in the semi-final
session of Moot Court in Cubherley
Auditorium. The court will be in
session about two hours starting at
4:15 p.m.
Moot Court is a program for law
students in presenting oral argu
ments. Its sessions, which are held
each year, are conducted like the
appellate courts. The four winners
of the semi-finals will enter the
final session next fall.
Interstate divorce will continue to
be discussed today in the semi-final
session of Moot Court in Cubherley
Auditorium. The court will be in
session about two hours starting at
4:15 p.m.
Moot Court is a program for law
students in presenting oral argu
ments. Its sessions, which are held
each year, are conducted like the
appellate courts. The four winners
of the semi-finals will enter the
final session next fall.
Interstate divorce will continue to
be discussed today in the semi-final
session of Moot Court in Cubherley
Auditorium. The court will be in
session about two hours starting at
4:15 p.m.
Moot Court is a program for law
students in presenting oral argu
ments. Its sessions, which are held
each year, are conducted like the
appellate courts. The four winners
of the semi-finals will enter the
final session next fall.
Interstate divorce will continue to
be discussed today in the semi-final
session of Moot Court in Cubherley
Auditorium. The court will be in
session about two hours starting at
4:15 p.m.
Moot Court is a program for law
students in presenting oral argu
ments. Its sessions, which are held
each year, are conducted like the
appellate courts. The four winners
of the semi-finals will enter the
final session next fall.
Interstate divorce will continue to
be discussed today in the semi-final
session of Moot Court in Cubherley
Auditorium. The court will be in
session about two hours starting at
4:15 p.m.
Moot Court is a program for law
students in presenting oral argu
ments. Its sessions, which are held
each year, are conducted like the
appellate courts. The four winners
of the semi-finals will enter the
final session next fall.
Interstate divorce will continue to
be discussed today in the semi-final
session of Moot Court in Cubherley
Auditorium. The court will be in
session about two hours starting at
4:15 p.m.
Moot Court is a program for law
students in presenting oral argu
ments. Its sessions, which are held
each year, are conducted like the
appellate courts. The four winners
of the semi-finals will enter the
final session next fall.
Interstate divorce will continue to
be discussed today in the semi-final
session of Moot Court in Cubherley
Auditorium. The court will be in
session about two hours starting at
4:15 p.m.
Moot Court is a program for law
students in presenting oral argu
ments. Its sessions, which are held
each year, are conducted like the
appellate courts. The four winners
of the semi-finals will enter the
final session next fall.
Interstate divorce will continue to
be discussed today in the semi-final
session of Moot Court in Cubherley
Auditorium. The court will be in
session about two hours starting at
4:15 p.m.
Moot Court is a program for law
students in presenting oral argu
ments. Its sessions, which are held
each year, are conducted like the
appellate courts. The four winners
of the semi-finals will enter the
final session next fall.
Interstate divorce will continue to
be discussed today in the semi-final
session of Moot Court in Cubherley
Auditorium. The court will be in
session about two hours starting at
4:15 p.m.
Moot Court is a program for law
students in presenting oral argu
ments. Its sessions, which are held
each year, are conducted like the
appellate courts. The four winners
of the semi-finals will enter the
final session next fall.
Interstate divorce will continue to
be discussed today in the semi-final
session of Moot Court in Cubherley
Auditorium. The court will be in
session about two hours starting at
4:15 p.m.
Moot Court is a program for law
students in presenting oral argu
ments. Its sessions, which are held
each year, are conducted like the
appellate courts. The four winners
of the semi-finals will enter the
final session next fall.
Interstate divorce will continue to
be discussed today in the semi-final
session of Moot Court in Cubherley
Auditorium. The court will be in
session about two hours starting at
4:15 p.m.
Moot Court is a program for law
students in presenting oral argu
ments. Its sessions, which are held
each year, are conducted like the
appellate courts. The four winners
of the semi-finals will enter the
final session next fall.
