# Off-Campus Drive
## 
### 
Off - campus soliciting for the
Stanford Convalescent Home Drive
will begin Monday, Dana Turking
ton, off-campus drive chairman, an
| noil need yesterday.
A send-off dinner for off-campus
solicitors will be held Monday at
6 p.m. at Wilson's. Dinner will be
$1. A guest speaker will discuss
the operations of the Con Home and
the history of the Stanford Con
Home Drive.
First prize for off-campus solici
tors will be two tickets for '"Har
vey" or any other San Francisco
theater showing for either May 27
or 28. Dinners at Dinah's and
L'Omelette will be awarded to run
j ners-up.
Students who wish to help with
off-campus soliciting for the drive
; and who have not been contacted
or have not signed up. should sign
lip by noon Monday at the ASSU
oflice.
Off - campus soliciting for the
Stanford Convalescent Home Drive
will begin Monday, Dana Turking
ton, off-campus drive chairman, an
| noil need yesterday.
A send-off dinner for off-campus
solicitors will be held Monday at
6 p.m. at Wilson's. Dinner will be
$1. A guest speaker will discuss
the operations of the Con Home and
the history of the Stanford Con
Home Drive.
First prize for off-campus solici
tors will be two tickets for '"Har
vey" or any other San Francisco
theater showing for either May 27
or 28. Dinners at Dinah's and
L'Omelette will be awarded to run
j ners-up.
Students who wish to help with
off-campus soliciting for the drive
; and who have not been contacted
or have not signed up. should sign
lip by noon Monday at the ASSU
oflice.
Off - campus soliciting for the
Stanford Convalescent Home Drive
will begin Monday, Dana Turking
ton, off-campus drive chairman, an
| noil need yesterday.
A send-off dinner for off-campus
solicitors will be held Monday at
6 p.m. at Wilson's. Dinner will be
$1. A guest speaker will discuss
the operations of the Con Home and
the history of the Stanford Con
Home Drive.
First prize for off-campus solici
tors will be two tickets for '"Har
vey" or any other San Francisco
theater showing for either May 27
or 28. Dinners at Dinah's and
L'Omelette will be awarded to run
j ners-up.
Students who wish to help with
off-campus soliciting for the drive
; and who have not been contacted
or have not signed up. should sign
lip by noon Monday at the ASSU
oflice.
Off - campus soliciting for the
Stanford Convalescent Home Drive
will begin Monday, Dana Turking
ton, off-campus drive chairman, an
| noil need yesterday.
A send-off dinner for off-campus
solicitors will be held Monday at
6 p.m. at Wilson's. Dinner will be
$1. A guest speaker will discuss
the operations of the Con Home and
the history of the Stanford Con
Home Drive.
First prize for off-campus solici
tors will be two tickets for '"Har
vey" or any other San Francisco
theater showing for either May 27
or 28. Dinners at Dinah's and
L'Omelette will be awarded to run
j ners-up.
Students who wish to help with
off-campus soliciting for the drive
; and who have not been contacted
or have not signed up. should sign
lip by noon Monday at the ASSU
oflice.
Off - campus soliciting for the
Stanford Convalescent Home Drive
will begin Monday, Dana Turking
ton, off-campus drive chairman, an
| noil need yesterday.
A send-off dinner for off-campus
solicitors will be held Monday at
6 p.m. at Wilson's. Dinner will be
$1. A guest speaker will discuss
the operations of the Con Home and
the history of the Stanford Con
Home Drive.
First prize for off-campus solici
tors will be two tickets for '"Har
vey" or any other San Francisco
theater showing for either May 27
or 28. Dinners at Dinah's and
L'Omelette will be awarded to run
j ners-up.
Students who wish to help with
off-campus soliciting for the drive
; and who have not been contacted
or have not signed up. should sign
lip by noon Monday at the ASSU
oflice.
Off - campus soliciting for the
Stanford Convalescent Home Drive
will begin Monday, Dana Turking
ton, off-campus drive chairman, an
| noil need yesterday.
A send-off dinner for off-campus
solicitors will be held Monday at
6 p.m. at Wilson's. Dinner will be
$1. A guest speaker will discuss
the operations of the Con Home and
the history of the Stanford Con
Home Drive.
First prize for off-campus solici
tors will be two tickets for '"Har
vey" or any other San Francisco
theater showing for either May 27
or 28. Dinners at Dinah's and
L'Omelette will be awarded to run
j ners-up.
Students who wish to help with
off-campus soliciting for the drive
; and who have not been contacted
or have not signed up. should sign
lip by noon Monday at the ASSU
oflice.
Off - campus soliciting for the
Stanford Convalescent Home Drive
will begin Monday, Dana Turking
ton, off-campus drive chairman, an
| noil need yesterday.
A send-off dinner for off-campus
solicitors will be held Monday at
6 p.m. at Wilson's. Dinner will be
$1. A guest speaker will discuss
the operations of the Con Home and
the history of the Stanford Con
Home Drive.
First prize for off-campus solici
tors will be two tickets for '"Har
vey" or any other San Francisco
theater showing for either May 27
or 28. Dinners at Dinah's and
L'Omelette will be awarded to run
j ners-up.
Students who wish to help with
off-campus soliciting for the drive
; and who have not been contacted
or have not signed up. should sign
lip by noon Monday at the ASSU
oflice.
Off - campus soliciting for the
Stanford Convalescent Home Drive
will begin Monday, Dana Turking
ton, off-campus drive chairman, an
| noil need yesterday.
A send-off dinner for off-campus
solicitors will be held Monday at
6 p.m. at Wilson's. Dinner will be
$1. A guest speaker will discuss
the operations of the Con Home and
the history of the Stanford Con
Home Drive.
First prize for off-campus solici
tors will be two tickets for '"Har
vey" or any other San Francisco
theater showing for either May 27
or 28. Dinners at Dinah's and
L'Omelette will be awarded to run
j ners-up.
Students who wish to help with
off-campus soliciting for the drive
; and who have not been contacted
or have not signed up. should sign
lip by noon Monday at the ASSU
oflice.
Off - campus soliciting for the
Stanford Convalescent Home Drive
will begin Monday, Dana Turking
ton, off-campus drive chairman, an
| noil need yesterday.
A send-off dinner for off-campus
solicitors will be held Monday at
6 p.m. at Wilson's. Dinner will be
$1. A guest speaker will discuss
the operations of the Con Home and
the history of the Stanford Con
Home Drive.
First prize for off-campus solici
tors will be two tickets for '"Har
vey" or any other San Francisco
theater showing for either May 27
or 28. Dinners at Dinah's and
L'Omelette will be awarded to run
j ners-up.
Students who wish to help with
off-campus soliciting for the drive
; and who have not been contacted
or have not signed up. should sign
lip by noon Monday at the ASSU
oflice.
Off - campus soliciting for the
Stanford Convalescent Home Drive
will begin Monday, Dana Turking
ton, off-campus drive chairman, an
| noil need yesterday.
A send-off dinner for off-campus
solicitors will be held Monday at
6 p.m. at Wilson's. Dinner will be
$1. A guest speaker will discuss
the operations of the Con Home and
the history of the Stanford Con
Home Drive.
First prize for off-campus solici
tors will be two tickets for '"Har
vey" or any other San Francisco
theater showing for either May 27
or 28. Dinners at Dinah's and
L'Omelette will be awarded to run
j ners-up.
Students who wish to help with
off-campus soliciting for the drive
; and who have not been contacted
or have not signed up. should sign
lip by noon Monday at the ASSU
oflice.
Off - campus soliciting for the
Stanford Convalescent Home Drive
will begin Monday, Dana Turking
ton, off-campus drive chairman, an
| noil need yesterday.
A send-off dinner for off-campus
solicitors will be held Monday at
6 p.m. at Wilson's. Dinner will be
$1. A guest speaker will discuss
the operations of the Con Home and
the history of the Stanford Con
Home Drive.
First prize for off-campus solici
tors will be two tickets for '"Har
vey" or any other San Francisco
theater showing for either May 27
or 28. Dinners at Dinah's and
L'Omelette will be awarded to run
j ners-up.
Students who wish to help with
off-campus soliciting for the drive
; and who have not been contacted
or have not signed up. should sign
lip by noon Monday at the ASSU
oflice.
Off - campus soliciting for the
Stanford Convalescent Home Drive
will begin Monday, Dana Turking
ton, off-campus drive chairman, an
| noil need yesterday.
A send-off dinner for off-campus
solicitors will be held Monday at
6 p.m. at Wilson's. Dinner will be
$1. A guest speaker will discuss
the operations of the Con Home and
the history of the Stanford Con
Home Drive.
First prize for off-campus solici
tors will be two tickets for '"Har
vey" or any other San Francisco
theater showing for either May 27
or 28. Dinners at Dinah's and
L'Omelette will be awarded to run
j ners-up.
Students who wish to help with
off-campus soliciting for the drive
; and who have not been contacted
or have not signed up. should sign
lip by noon Monday at the ASSU
oflice.
Off - campus soliciting for the
Stanford Convalescent Home Drive
will begin Monday, Dana Turking
ton, off-campus drive chairman, an
| noil need yesterday.
A send-off dinner for off-campus
solicitors will be held Monday at
6 p.m. at Wilson's. Dinner will be
$1. A guest speaker will discuss
the operations of the Con Home and
the history of the Stanford Con
Home Drive.
First prize for off-campus solici
tors will be two tickets for '"Har
vey" or any other San Francisco
theater showing for either May 27
or 28. Dinners at Dinah's and
L'Omelette will be awarded to run
j ners-up.
Students who wish to help with
off-campus soliciting for the drive
; and who have not been contacted
or have not signed up. should sign
lip by noon Monday at the ASSU
oflice.
Off - campus soliciting for the
Stanford Convalescent Home Drive
will begin Monday, Dana Turking
ton, off-campus drive chairman, an
| noil need yesterday.
A send-off dinner for off-campus
solicitors will be held Monday at
6 p.m. at Wilson's. Dinner will be
$1. A guest speaker will discuss
the operations of the Con Home and
the history of the Stanford Con
Home Drive.
First prize for off-campus solici
tors will be two tickets for '"Har
vey" or any other San Francisco
theater showing for either May 27
or 28. Dinners at Dinah's and
L'Omelette will be awarded to run
j ners-up.
Students who wish to help with
off-campus soliciting for the drive
; and who have not been contacted
or have not signed up. should sign
lip by noon Monday at the ASSU
oflice.
