# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Engelhard,
'49, to Joseph Soares, 48. now a
student at Hastings Law School.
The wedding is planned for this
summer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Engelhard,
'49, to Joseph Soares, 48. now a
student at Hastings Law School.
The wedding is planned for this
summer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Engelhard,
'49, to Joseph Soares, 48. now a
student at Hastings Law School.
The wedding is planned for this
summer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Engelhard,
'49, to Joseph Soares, 48. now a
student at Hastings Law School.
The wedding is planned for this
summer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Engelhard,
'49, to Joseph Soares, 48. now a
student at Hastings Law School.
The wedding is planned for this
summer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Engelhard,
'49, to Joseph Soares, 48. now a
student at Hastings Law School.
The wedding is planned for this
summer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Engelhard,
'49, to Joseph Soares, 48. now a
student at Hastings Law School.
The wedding is planned for this
summer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Engelhard,
'49, to Joseph Soares, 48. now a
student at Hastings Law School.
The wedding is planned for this
summer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Engelhard,
'49, to Joseph Soares, 48. now a
student at Hastings Law School.
The wedding is planned for this
summer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Engelhard,
'49, to Joseph Soares, 48. now a
student at Hastings Law School.
The wedding is planned for this
summer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Engelhard,
'49, to Joseph Soares, 48. now a
student at Hastings Law School.
The wedding is planned for this
summer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Engelhard,
'49, to Joseph Soares, 48. now a
student at Hastings Law School.
The wedding is planned for this
summer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Engelhard,
'49, to Joseph Soares, 48. now a
student at Hastings Law School.
The wedding is planned for this
summer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Engelhard,
'49, to Joseph Soares, 48. now a
student at Hastings Law School.
The wedding is planned for this
summer.
