# Untitled Article
## 
### 
F. Maltaner, '11, was on the campus
yesterday for the first, time since
breaking his leg at soccer last Novem
ber.
F. Maltaner, '11, was on the campus
yesterday for the first, time since
breaking his leg at soccer last Novem
ber.
F. Maltaner, '11, was on the campus
yesterday for the first, time since
breaking his leg at soccer last Novem
ber.
F. Maltaner, '11, was on the campus
yesterday for the first, time since
breaking his leg at soccer last Novem
ber.
F. Maltaner, '11, was on the campus
yesterday for the first, time since
breaking his leg at soccer last Novem
ber.
F. Maltaner, '11, was on the campus
yesterday for the first, time since
breaking his leg at soccer last Novem
ber.
F. Maltaner, '11, was on the campus
yesterday for the first, time since
breaking his leg at soccer last Novem
ber.
F. Maltaner, '11, was on the campus
yesterday for the first, time since
breaking his leg at soccer last Novem
ber.
F. Maltaner, '11, was on the campus
yesterday for the first, time since
breaking his leg at soccer last Novem
ber.
F. Maltaner, '11, was on the campus
yesterday for the first, time since
breaking his leg at soccer last Novem
ber.
F. Maltaner, '11, was on the campus
yesterday for the first, time since
breaking his leg at soccer last Novem
ber.
F. Maltaner, '11, was on the campus
yesterday for the first, time since
breaking his leg at soccer last Novem
ber.
