# Untitled Article
## 
### 
'Flint file season ticket plan
is a success is shown by the
fact that eight hundred of the
necessary thousand tickets
have already been sold. This
means tluit but two hundred
more must he disposed of to
make the plan an inufiialiticil
success.
Opportunity to buy these re
maining tickets will be given
the stiuicuts next Saturday at
the St inford-liiirh'.iriau game.
Manager Karbank urires all who
hate not already bought tickets
to secure them at the game and
help carry thrnuirh the plan,
which is entirely for the bene
lit of the Students.
By means of this system, the
student may see all the games
at a cost of one.fourth of what
it was before.
'Flint file season ticket plan
is a success is shown by the
fact that eight hundred of the
necessary thousand tickets
have already been sold. This
means tluit but two hundred
more must he disposed of to
make the plan an inufiialiticil
success.
Opportunity to buy these re
maining tickets will be given
the stiuicuts next Saturday at
the St inford-liiirh'.iriau game.
Manager Karbank urires all who
hate not already bought tickets
to secure them at the game and
help carry thrnuirh the plan,
which is entirely for the bene
lit of the Students.
By means of this system, the
student may see all the games
at a cost of one.fourth of what
it was before.
'Flint file season ticket plan
is a success is shown by the
fact that eight hundred of the
necessary thousand tickets
have already been sold. This
means tluit but two hundred
more must he disposed of to
make the plan an inufiialiticil
success.
Opportunity to buy these re
maining tickets will be given
the stiuicuts next Saturday at
the St inford-liiirh'.iriau game.
Manager Karbank urires all who
hate not already bought tickets
to secure them at the game and
help carry thrnuirh the plan,
which is entirely for the bene
lit of the Students.
By means of this system, the
student may see all the games
at a cost of one.fourth of what
it was before.
'Flint file season ticket plan
is a success is shown by the
fact that eight hundred of the
necessary thousand tickets
have already been sold. This
means tluit but two hundred
more must he disposed of to
make the plan an inufiialiticil
success.
Opportunity to buy these re
maining tickets will be given
the stiuicuts next Saturday at
the St inford-liiirh'.iriau game.
Manager Karbank urires all who
hate not already bought tickets
to secure them at the game and
help carry thrnuirh the plan,
which is entirely for the bene
lit of the Students.
By means of this system, the
student may see all the games
at a cost of one.fourth of what
it was before.
'Flint file season ticket plan
is a success is shown by the
fact that eight hundred of the
necessary thousand tickets
have already been sold. This
means tluit but two hundred
more must he disposed of to
make the plan an inufiialiticil
success.
Opportunity to buy these re
maining tickets will be given
the stiuicuts next Saturday at
the St inford-liiirh'.iriau game.
Manager Karbank urires all who
hate not already bought tickets
to secure them at the game and
help carry thrnuirh the plan,
which is entirely for the bene
lit of the Students.
By means of this system, the
student may see all the games
at a cost of one.fourth of what
it was before.
'Flint file season ticket plan
is a success is shown by the
fact that eight hundred of the
necessary thousand tickets
have already been sold. This
means tluit but two hundred
more must he disposed of to
make the plan an inufiialiticil
success.
Opportunity to buy these re
maining tickets will be given
the stiuicuts next Saturday at
the St inford-liiirh'.iriau game.
Manager Karbank urires all who
hate not already bought tickets
to secure them at the game and
help carry thrnuirh the plan,
which is entirely for the bene
lit of the Students.
By means of this system, the
student may see all the games
at a cost of one.fourth of what
it was before.
'Flint file season ticket plan
is a success is shown by the
fact that eight hundred of the
necessary thousand tickets
have already been sold. This
means tluit but two hundred
more must he disposed of to
make the plan an inufiialiticil
success.
Opportunity to buy these re
maining tickets will be given
the stiuicuts next Saturday at
the St inford-liiirh'.iriau game.
Manager Karbank urires all who
hate not already bought tickets
to secure them at the game and
help carry thrnuirh the plan,
which is entirely for the bene
lit of the Students.
By means of this system, the
student may see all the games
at a cost of one.fourth of what
it was before.
'Flint file season ticket plan
is a success is shown by the
fact that eight hundred of the
necessary thousand tickets
have already been sold. This
means tluit but two hundred
more must he disposed of to
make the plan an inufiialiticil
success.
Opportunity to buy these re
maining tickets will be given
the stiuicuts next Saturday at
the St inford-liiirh'.iriau game.
Manager Karbank urires all who
hate not already bought tickets
to secure them at the game and
help carry thrnuirh the plan,
which is entirely for the bene
lit of the Students.
By means of this system, the
student may see all the games
at a cost of one.fourth of what
it was before.
'Flint file season ticket plan
is a success is shown by the
fact that eight hundred of the
necessary thousand tickets
have already been sold. This
means tluit but two hundred
more must he disposed of to
make the plan an inufiialiticil
success.
Opportunity to buy these re
maining tickets will be given
the stiuicuts next Saturday at
the St inford-liiirh'.iriau game.
Manager Karbank urires all who
hate not already bought tickets
to secure them at the game and
help carry thrnuirh the plan,
which is entirely for the bene
lit of the Students.
By means of this system, the
student may see all the games
at a cost of one.fourth of what
it was before.
'Flint file season ticket plan
is a success is shown by the
fact that eight hundred of the
necessary thousand tickets
have already been sold. This
means tluit but two hundred
more must he disposed of to
make the plan an inufiialiticil
success.
Opportunity to buy these re
maining tickets will be given
the stiuicuts next Saturday at
the St inford-liiirh'.iriau game.
Manager Karbank urires all who
hate not already bought tickets
to secure them at the game and
help carry thrnuirh the plan,
which is entirely for the bene
lit of the Students.
By means of this system, the
student may see all the games
at a cost of one.fourth of what
it was before.
'Flint file season ticket plan
is a success is shown by the
fact that eight hundred of the
necessary thousand tickets
have already been sold. This
means tluit but two hundred
more must he disposed of to
make the plan an inufiialiticil
success.
Opportunity to buy these re
maining tickets will be given
the stiuicuts next Saturday at
the St inford-liiirh'.iriau game.
Manager Karbank urires all who
hate not already bought tickets
to secure them at the game and
help carry thrnuirh the plan,
which is entirely for the bene
lit of the Students.
By means of this system, the
student may see all the games
at a cost of one.fourth of what
it was before.
'Flint file season ticket plan
is a success is shown by the
fact that eight hundred of the
necessary thousand tickets
have already been sold. This
means tluit but two hundred
more must he disposed of to
make the plan an inufiialiticil
success.
Opportunity to buy these re
maining tickets will be given
the stiuicuts next Saturday at
the St inford-liiirh'.iriau game.
Manager Karbank urires all who
hate not already bought tickets
to secure them at the game and
help carry thrnuirh the plan,
which is entirely for the bene
lit of the Students.
By means of this system, the
student may see all the games
at a cost of one.fourth of what
it was before.
