# Resolutions Adopted.
## 
### 
The following resolutions have
been adopted by the Junior Class:
Whereas, God in his infinite wis
dom has claimed for his own our
classmate, Helen Day Munday;
and
Whereas, In her death we deeply
mourn the loss of an earnest stu
dent, and of one who by her gentle
ness, her cheeriness, her womanly
kindness, won friends on every
side, and brought happiness into
the lives of all who were associated
with her; therefore be it
Resolved, By the Class of Nine
teen Hundred and Two of Leland
Stanford Jr. University that we
deeply mourn the loss of our dead
classmate, and be it further
Resolved, That we extend to her
relatives and friends our most
heartfelt sympathy.
Helen Fickes,
Minna Stillman,
Aida Rademaker,
M. E. McDougald,
George Gage,
Frank Karr,
R. S. Fisher,
F. H. Bancroft,
Chairman.
The following resolutions have
been adopted by the Junior Class:
Whereas, God in his infinite wis
dom has claimed for his own our
classmate, Helen Day Munday;
and
Whereas, In her death we deeply
mourn the loss of an earnest stu
dent, and of one who by her gentle
ness, her cheeriness, her womanly
kindness, won friends on every
side, and brought happiness into
the lives of all who were associated
with her; therefore be it
Resolved, By the Class of Nine
teen Hundred and Two of Leland
Stanford Jr. University that we
deeply mourn the loss of our dead
classmate, and be it further
Resolved, That we extend to her
relatives and friends our most
heartfelt sympathy.
Helen Fickes,
Minna Stillman,
Aida Rademaker,
M. E. McDougald,
George Gage,
Frank Karr,
R. S. Fisher,
F. H. Bancroft,
Chairman.
The following resolutions have
been adopted by the Junior Class:
Whereas, God in his infinite wis
dom has claimed for his own our
classmate, Helen Day Munday;
and
Whereas, In her death we deeply
mourn the loss of an earnest stu
dent, and of one who by her gentle
ness, her cheeriness, her womanly
kindness, won friends on every
side, and brought happiness into
the lives of all who were associated
with her; therefore be it
Resolved, By the Class of Nine
teen Hundred and Two of Leland
Stanford Jr. University that we
deeply mourn the loss of our dead
classmate, and be it further
Resolved, That we extend to her
relatives and friends our most
heartfelt sympathy.
Helen Fickes,
Minna Stillman,
Aida Rademaker,
M. E. McDougald,
George Gage,
Frank Karr,
R. S. Fisher,
F. H. Bancroft,
Chairman.
The following resolutions have
been adopted by the Junior Class:
Whereas, God in his infinite wis
dom has claimed for his own our
classmate, Helen Day Munday;
and
Whereas, In her death we deeply
mourn the loss of an earnest stu
dent, and of one who by her gentle
ness, her cheeriness, her womanly
kindness, won friends on every
side, and brought happiness into
the lives of all who were associated
with her; therefore be it
Resolved, By the Class of Nine
teen Hundred and Two of Leland
Stanford Jr. University that we
deeply mourn the loss of our dead
classmate, and be it further
Resolved, That we extend to her
relatives and friends our most
heartfelt sympathy.
Helen Fickes,
Minna Stillman,
Aida Rademaker,
M. E. McDougald,
George Gage,
Frank Karr,
R. S. Fisher,
F. H. Bancroft,
Chairman.
The following resolutions have
been adopted by the Junior Class:
Whereas, God in his infinite wis
dom has claimed for his own our
classmate, Helen Day Munday;
and
Whereas, In her death we deeply
mourn the loss of an earnest stu
dent, and of one who by her gentle
ness, her cheeriness, her womanly
kindness, won friends on every
side, and brought happiness into
the lives of all who were associated
with her; therefore be it
Resolved, By the Class of Nine
teen Hundred and Two of Leland
Stanford Jr. University that we
deeply mourn the loss of our dead
classmate, and be it further
Resolved, That we extend to her
relatives and friends our most
heartfelt sympathy.
Helen Fickes,
Minna Stillman,
Aida Rademaker,
M. E. McDougald,
George Gage,
Frank Karr,
R. S. Fisher,
F. H. Bancroft,
Chairman.
The following resolutions have
been adopted by the Junior Class:
Whereas, God in his infinite wis
dom has claimed for his own our
classmate, Helen Day Munday;
and
Whereas, In her death we deeply
mourn the loss of an earnest stu
dent, and of one who by her gentle
ness, her cheeriness, her womanly
kindness, won friends on every
side, and brought happiness into
the lives of all who were associated
with her; therefore be it
Resolved, By the Class of Nine
teen Hundred and Two of Leland
Stanford Jr. University that we
deeply mourn the loss of our dead
classmate, and be it further
Resolved, That we extend to her
relatives and friends our most
heartfelt sympathy.
Helen Fickes,
Minna Stillman,
Aida Rademaker,
M. E. McDougald,
George Gage,
Frank Karr,
R. S. Fisher,
F. H. Bancroft,
Chairman.
The following resolutions have
been adopted by the Junior Class:
Whereas, God in his infinite wis
dom has claimed for his own our
classmate, Helen Day Munday;
and
Whereas, In her death we deeply
mourn the loss of an earnest stu
dent, and of one who by her gentle
ness, her cheeriness, her womanly
kindness, won friends on every
side, and brought happiness into
the lives of all who were associated
with her; therefore be it
Resolved, By the Class of Nine
teen Hundred and Two of Leland
Stanford Jr. University that we
deeply mourn the loss of our dead
classmate, and be it further
Resolved, That we extend to her
relatives and friends our most
heartfelt sympathy.
Helen Fickes,
Minna Stillman,
Aida Rademaker,
M. E. McDougald,
George Gage,
Frank Karr,
R. S. Fisher,
F. H. Bancroft,
Chairman.
