# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The chapel should be packed
tomorrow afternoon at the meeting
of the Constitutional Amendment
Club. Every student and every
alumnus is a member of it, and
each should do all in his or her
power to make the meeting a great
success. The vote on the amend
ment takes place in about forty
days, and there is a great deal of
work before all of us if we are go
ing to have the amendment pass.
Therefore every one should attend
tomorrow's meeting and hear in
what way he or she can be of most
aid in helping along this constitu
tional amendment.
The chapel should be packed
tomorrow afternoon at the meeting
of the Constitutional Amendment
Club. Every student and every
alumnus is a member of it, and
each should do all in his or her
power to make the meeting a great
success. The vote on the amend
ment takes place in about forty
days, and there is a great deal of
work before all of us if we are go
ing to have the amendment pass.
Therefore every one should attend
tomorrow's meeting and hear in
what way he or she can be of most
aid in helping along this constitu
tional amendment.
The chapel should be packed
tomorrow afternoon at the meeting
of the Constitutional Amendment
Club. Every student and every
alumnus is a member of it, and
each should do all in his or her
power to make the meeting a great
success. The vote on the amend
ment takes place in about forty
days, and there is a great deal of
work before all of us if we are go
ing to have the amendment pass.
Therefore every one should attend
tomorrow's meeting and hear in
what way he or she can be of most
aid in helping along this constitu
tional amendment.
The chapel should be packed
tomorrow afternoon at the meeting
of the Constitutional Amendment
Club. Every student and every
alumnus is a member of it, and
each should do all in his or her
power to make the meeting a great
success. The vote on the amend
ment takes place in about forty
days, and there is a great deal of
work before all of us if we are go
ing to have the amendment pass.
Therefore every one should attend
tomorrow's meeting and hear in
what way he or she can be of most
aid in helping along this constitu
tional amendment.
The chapel should be packed
tomorrow afternoon at the meeting
of the Constitutional Amendment
Club. Every student and every
alumnus is a member of it, and
each should do all in his or her
power to make the meeting a great
success. The vote on the amend
ment takes place in about forty
days, and there is a great deal of
work before all of us if we are go
ing to have the amendment pass.
Therefore every one should attend
tomorrow's meeting and hear in
what way he or she can be of most
aid in helping along this constitu
tional amendment.
The chapel should be packed
tomorrow afternoon at the meeting
of the Constitutional Amendment
Club. Every student and every
alumnus is a member of it, and
each should do all in his or her
power to make the meeting a great
success. The vote on the amend
ment takes place in about forty
days, and there is a great deal of
work before all of us if we are go
ing to have the amendment pass.
Therefore every one should attend
tomorrow's meeting and hear in
what way he or she can be of most
aid in helping along this constitu
tional amendment.
The chapel should be packed
tomorrow afternoon at the meeting
of the Constitutional Amendment
Club. Every student and every
alumnus is a member of it, and
each should do all in his or her
power to make the meeting a great
success. The vote on the amend
ment takes place in about forty
days, and there is a great deal of
work before all of us if we are go
ing to have the amendment pass.
Therefore every one should attend
tomorrow's meeting and hear in
what way he or she can be of most
aid in helping along this constitu
tional amendment.
