# FEW TURN OUT FOR MEETING IN UNION
## Opponents of Basketball as Major Sport Fail To Make Appearance Last Night 
### 
Opposition to the action of the Ex
ecutive Committee in making basket
ball a major sport, seems to have
blown away. The meeting called last
evening for discussion of the question
at the Union, did not materialize. A
handfnll of students showed up, but
seeing the size of the crowd, drifted
away, one by one.
Whether the students, by their fail
ure to appear, showed general disin
terest or sanction of the committee's
action, cannot lie determined. The
failure of last night's meeting will
probably result in no further action
and basketball will hold its place
among the major sports.
Opposition to the action of the Ex
ecutive Committee in making basket
ball a major sport, seems to have
blown away. The meeting called last
evening for discussion of the question
at the Union, did not materialize. A
handfnll of students showed up, but
seeing the size of the crowd, drifted
away, one by one.
Whether the students, by their fail
ure to appear, showed general disin
terest or sanction of the committee's
action, cannot lie determined. The
failure of last night's meeting will
probably result in no further action
and basketball will hold its place
among the major sports.
Opposition to the action of the Ex
ecutive Committee in making basket
ball a major sport, seems to have
blown away. The meeting called last
evening for discussion of the question
at the Union, did not materialize. A
handfnll of students showed up, but
seeing the size of the crowd, drifted
away, one by one.
Whether the students, by their fail
ure to appear, showed general disin
terest or sanction of the committee's
action, cannot lie determined. The
failure of last night's meeting will
probably result in no further action
and basketball will hold its place
among the major sports.
Opposition to the action of the Ex
ecutive Committee in making basket
ball a major sport, seems to have
blown away. The meeting called last
evening for discussion of the question
at the Union, did not materialize. A
handfnll of students showed up, but
seeing the size of the crowd, drifted
away, one by one.
Whether the students, by their fail
ure to appear, showed general disin
terest or sanction of the committee's
action, cannot lie determined. The
failure of last night's meeting will
probably result in no further action
and basketball will hold its place
among the major sports.
Opposition to the action of the Ex
ecutive Committee in making basket
ball a major sport, seems to have
blown away. The meeting called last
evening for discussion of the question
at the Union, did not materialize. A
handfnll of students showed up, but
seeing the size of the crowd, drifted
away, one by one.
Whether the students, by their fail
ure to appear, showed general disin
terest or sanction of the committee's
action, cannot lie determined. The
failure of last night's meeting will
probably result in no further action
and basketball will hold its place
among the major sports.
Opposition to the action of the Ex
ecutive Committee in making basket
ball a major sport, seems to have
blown away. The meeting called last
evening for discussion of the question
at the Union, did not materialize. A
handfnll of students showed up, but
seeing the size of the crowd, drifted
away, one by one.
Whether the students, by their fail
ure to appear, showed general disin
terest or sanction of the committee's
action, cannot lie determined. The
failure of last night's meeting will
probably result in no further action
and basketball will hold its place
among the major sports.
Opposition to the action of the Ex
ecutive Committee in making basket
ball a major sport, seems to have
blown away. The meeting called last
evening for discussion of the question
at the Union, did not materialize. A
handfnll of students showed up, but
seeing the size of the crowd, drifted
away, one by one.
Whether the students, by their fail
ure to appear, showed general disin
terest or sanction of the committee's
action, cannot lie determined. The
failure of last night's meeting will
probably result in no further action
and basketball will hold its place
among the major sports.
Opposition to the action of the Ex
ecutive Committee in making basket
ball a major sport, seems to have
blown away. The meeting called last
evening for discussion of the question
at the Union, did not materialize. A
handfnll of students showed up, but
seeing the size of the crowd, drifted
away, one by one.
Whether the students, by their fail
ure to appear, showed general disin
terest or sanction of the committee's
action, cannot lie determined. The
failure of last night's meeting will
probably result in no further action
and basketball will hold its place
among the major sports.
Opposition to the action of the Ex
ecutive Committee in making basket
ball a major sport, seems to have
blown away. The meeting called last
evening for discussion of the question
at the Union, did not materialize. A
handfnll of students showed up, but
seeing the size of the crowd, drifted
away, one by one.
Whether the students, by their fail
ure to appear, showed general disin
terest or sanction of the committee's
action, cannot lie determined. The
failure of last night's meeting will
probably result in no further action
and basketball will hold its place
among the major sports.
Opposition to the action of the Ex
ecutive Committee in making basket
ball a major sport, seems to have
blown away. The meeting called last
evening for discussion of the question
at the Union, did not materialize. A
handfnll of students showed up, but
seeing the size of the crowd, drifted
away, one by one.
Whether the students, by their fail
ure to appear, showed general disin
terest or sanction of the committee's
action, cannot lie determined. The
failure of last night's meeting will
probably result in no further action
and basketball will hold its place
among the major sports.
Opposition to the action of the Ex
ecutive Committee in making basket
ball a major sport, seems to have
blown away. The meeting called last
evening for discussion of the question
at the Union, did not materialize. A
handfnll of students showed up, but
seeing the size of the crowd, drifted
away, one by one.
Whether the students, by their fail
ure to appear, showed general disin
terest or sanction of the committee's
action, cannot lie determined. The
failure of last night's meeting will
probably result in no further action
and basketball will hold its place
among the major sports.
Opposition to the action of the Ex
ecutive Committee in making basket
ball a major sport, seems to have
blown away. The meeting called last
evening for discussion of the question
at the Union, did not materialize. A
handfnll of students showed up, but
seeing the size of the crowd, drifted
away, one by one.
Whether the students, by their fail
ure to appear, showed general disin
terest or sanction of the committee's
action, cannot lie determined. The
failure of last night's meeting will
probably result in no further action
and basketball will hold its place
among the major sports.
Opposition to the action of the Ex
ecutive Committee in making basket
ball a major sport, seems to have
blown away. The meeting called last
evening for discussion of the question
at the Union, did not materialize. A
handfnll of students showed up, but
seeing the size of the crowd, drifted
away, one by one.
Whether the students, by their fail
ure to appear, showed general disin
terest or sanction of the committee's
action, cannot lie determined. The
failure of last night's meeting will
probably result in no further action
and basketball will hold its place
among the major sports.
Opposition to the action of the Ex
ecutive Committee in making basket
ball a major sport, seems to have
blown away. The meeting called last
evening for discussion of the question
at the Union, did not materialize. A
handfnll of students showed up, but
seeing the size of the crowd, drifted
away, one by one.
Whether the students, by their fail
ure to appear, showed general disin
terest or sanction of the committee's
action, cannot lie determined. The
failure of last night's meeting will
probably result in no further action
and basketball will hold its place
among the major sports.
