# On'n Off the Campus
## 
### 
Horine Iteturns
To Track Athletics*
George Horine, who is at present
engaged in farming, is to return to
track athletics and will in all prob
ability compete for the Olympic Club
next April in the annual Pacific As
sociation championships. Horine will
not compete in the high jump, but
will throw the javelin, for which
event he has been practicing on his
ranch at Winton.
Shows Tennlei's
( nil War Cartoons.
"Neutral Views of the Civil War"
was the subject of the illustrated lec
ture given, last night, by Professor
E. D. Adams, head of the History de
partment. Over fifty slides of famous
cartoons by Sir John Tenniel, in
"Punch," at that time, and slides of
important English statesmen of that
period, illustrated his talk.
Engineers Hear
>V. S. Burbeck, '15.
Electrical Engineers met last night
in the Engineering building to hear
W. B. Burbeck, '15, now connected
with the Pacific Gas and Electric
company at San Francisco, speak un
der the auspices of the Stanford
Branch of the American Institute of
Electrical Engineers.
Burbeck spoke of the difficulties
that had to be overcome in laying a
cable across the Golden Gate, and il
lustrated his talk with slides of var
ious phases of the work. He also
showed a number of very beautiful
lighting effects which were used at
the Exposition.
Horine Iteturns
To Track Athletics*
George Horine, who is at present
engaged in farming, is to return to
track athletics and will in all prob
ability compete for the Olympic Club
next April in the annual Pacific As
sociation championships. Horine will
not compete in the high jump, but
will throw the javelin, for which
event he has been practicing on his
ranch at Winton.
Shows Tennlei's
( nil War Cartoons.
"Neutral Views of the Civil War"
was the subject of the illustrated lec
ture given, last night, by Professor
E. D. Adams, head of the History de
partment. Over fifty slides of famous
cartoons by Sir John Tenniel, in
"Punch," at that time, and slides of
important English statesmen of that
period, illustrated his talk.
Engineers Hear
>V. S. Burbeck, '15.
Electrical Engineers met last night
in the Engineering building to hear
W. B. Burbeck, '15, now connected
with the Pacific Gas and Electric
company at San Francisco, speak un
der the auspices of the Stanford
Branch of the American Institute of
Electrical Engineers.
Burbeck spoke of the difficulties
that had to be overcome in laying a
cable across the Golden Gate, and il
lustrated his talk with slides of var
ious phases of the work. He also
showed a number of very beautiful
lighting effects which were used at
the Exposition.
Horine Iteturns
To Track Athletics*
George Horine, who is at present
engaged in farming, is to return to
track athletics and will in all prob
ability compete for the Olympic Club
next April in the annual Pacific As
sociation championships. Horine will
not compete in the high jump, but
will throw the javelin, for which
event he has been practicing on his
ranch at Winton.
Shows Tennlei's
( nil War Cartoons.
"Neutral Views of the Civil War"
was the subject of the illustrated lec
ture given, last night, by Professor
E. D. Adams, head of the History de
partment. Over fifty slides of famous
cartoons by Sir John Tenniel, in
"Punch," at that time, and slides of
important English statesmen of that
period, illustrated his talk.
Engineers Hear
>V. S. Burbeck, '15.
Electrical Engineers met last night
in the Engineering building to hear
W. B. Burbeck, '15, now connected
with the Pacific Gas and Electric
company at San Francisco, speak un
der the auspices of the Stanford
Branch of the American Institute of
Electrical Engineers.
Burbeck spoke of the difficulties
that had to be overcome in laying a
cable across the Golden Gate, and il
lustrated his talk with slides of var
ious phases of the work. He also
showed a number of very beautiful
lighting effects which were used at
the Exposition.
Horine Iteturns
To Track Athletics*
George Horine, who is at present
engaged in farming, is to return to
track athletics and will in all prob
ability compete for the Olympic Club
next April in the annual Pacific As
sociation championships. Horine will
not compete in the high jump, but
will throw the javelin, for which
event he has been practicing on his
ranch at Winton.
Shows Tennlei's
( nil War Cartoons.
"Neutral Views of the Civil War"
was the subject of the illustrated lec
ture given, last night, by Professor
E. D. Adams, head of the History de
partment. Over fifty slides of famous
cartoons by Sir John Tenniel, in
"Punch," at that time, and slides of
important English statesmen of that
period, illustrated his talk.
Engineers Hear
>V. S. Burbeck, '15.
Electrical Engineers met last night
in the Engineering building to hear
W. B. Burbeck, '15, now connected
with the Pacific Gas and Electric
company at San Francisco, speak un
der the auspices of the Stanford
Branch of the American Institute of
Electrical Engineers.
Burbeck spoke of the difficulties
that had to be overcome in laying a
cable across the Golden Gate, and il
lustrated his talk with slides of var
ious phases of the work. He also
showed a number of very beautiful
lighting effects which were used at
the Exposition.
Horine Iteturns
To Track Athletics*
George Horine, who is at present
engaged in farming, is to return to
track athletics and will in all prob
ability compete for the Olympic Club
next April in the annual Pacific As
sociation championships. Horine will
not compete in the high jump, but
will throw the javelin, for which
event he has been practicing on his
ranch at Winton.
Shows Tennlei's
( nil War Cartoons.
"Neutral Views of the Civil War"
was the subject of the illustrated lec
ture given, last night, by Professor
E. D. Adams, head of the History de
partment. Over fifty slides of famous
cartoons by Sir John Tenniel, in
"Punch," at that time, and slides of
important English statesmen of that
period, illustrated his talk.
Engineers Hear
>V. S. Burbeck, '15.
Electrical Engineers met last night
in the Engineering building to hear
W. B. Burbeck, '15, now connected
with the Pacific Gas and Electric
company at San Francisco, speak un
der the auspices of the Stanford
Branch of the American Institute of
Electrical Engineers.
Burbeck spoke of the difficulties
that had to be overcome in laying a
cable across the Golden Gate, and il
lustrated his talk with slides of var
ious phases of the work. He also
showed a number of very beautiful
lighting effects which were used at
the Exposition.
Horine Iteturns
To Track Athletics*
George Horine, who is at present
engaged in farming, is to return to
track athletics and will in all prob
ability compete for the Olympic Club
next April in the annual Pacific As
sociation championships. Horine will
not compete in the high jump, but
will throw the javelin, for which
event he has been practicing on his
ranch at Winton.
Shows Tennlei's
( nil War Cartoons.
"Neutral Views of the Civil War"
was the subject of the illustrated lec
ture given, last night, by Professor
E. D. Adams, head of the History de
partment. Over fifty slides of famous
cartoons by Sir John Tenniel, in
"Punch," at that time, and slides of
important English statesmen of that
period, illustrated his talk.
Engineers Hear
>V. S. Burbeck, '15.
Electrical Engineers met last night
in the Engineering building to hear
W. B. Burbeck, '15, now connected
with the Pacific Gas and Electric
company at San Francisco, speak un
der the auspices of the Stanford
Branch of the American Institute of
Electrical Engineers.
Burbeck spoke of the difficulties
that had to be overcome in laying a
cable across the Golden Gate, and il
lustrated his talk with slides of var
ious phases of the work. He also
showed a number of very beautiful
lighting effects which were used at
the Exposition.
Horine Iteturns
To Track Athletics*
George Horine, who is at present
engaged in farming, is to return to
track athletics and will in all prob
ability compete for the Olympic Club
next April in the annual Pacific As
sociation championships. Horine will
not compete in the high jump, but
will throw the javelin, for which
event he has been practicing on his
ranch at Winton.
Shows Tennlei's
( nil War Cartoons.
"Neutral Views of the Civil War"
was the subject of the illustrated lec
ture given, last night, by Professor
E. D. Adams, head of the History de
partment. Over fifty slides of famous
cartoons by Sir John Tenniel, in
"Punch," at that time, and slides of
important English statesmen of that
period, illustrated his talk.
Engineers Hear
>V. S. Burbeck, '15.
Electrical Engineers met last night
in the Engineering building to hear
W. B. Burbeck, '15, now connected
with the Pacific Gas and Electric
company at San Francisco, speak un
der the auspices of the Stanford
Branch of the American Institute of
Electrical Engineers.
Burbeck spoke of the difficulties
that had to be overcome in laying a
cable across the Golden Gate, and il
lustrated his talk with slides of var
ious phases of the work. He also
showed a number of very beautiful
lighting effects which were used at
the Exposition.
Horine Iteturns
To Track Athletics*
George Horine, who is at present
engaged in farming, is to return to
track athletics and will in all prob
ability compete for the Olympic Club
next April in the annual Pacific As
sociation championships. Horine will
not compete in the high jump, but
will throw the javelin, for which
event he has been practicing on his
ranch at Winton.
Shows Tennlei's
( nil War Cartoons.
"Neutral Views of the Civil War"
was the subject of the illustrated lec
ture given, last night, by Professor
E. D. Adams, head of the History de
partment. Over fifty slides of famous
cartoons by Sir John Tenniel, in
"Punch," at that time, and slides of
important English statesmen of that
period, illustrated his talk.
Engineers Hear
>V. S. Burbeck, '15.
Electrical Engineers met last night
in the Engineering building to hear
W. B. Burbeck, '15, now connected
with the Pacific Gas and Electric
company at San Francisco, speak un
der the auspices of the Stanford
Branch of the American Institute of
Electrical Engineers.
Burbeck spoke of the difficulties
that had to be overcome in laying a
cable across the Golden Gate, and il
lustrated his talk with slides of var
ious phases of the work. He also
showed a number of very beautiful
lighting effects which were used at
the Exposition.
Horine Iteturns
To Track Athletics*
George Horine, who is at present
engaged in farming, is to return to
track athletics and will in all prob
ability compete for the Olympic Club
next April in the annual Pacific As
sociation championships. Horine will
not compete in the high jump, but
will throw the javelin, for which
event he has been practicing on his
ranch at Winton.
Shows Tennlei's
( nil War Cartoons.
"Neutral Views of the Civil War"
was the subject of the illustrated lec
ture given, last night, by Professor
E. D. Adams, head of the History de
partment. Over fifty slides of famous
cartoons by Sir John Tenniel, in
"Punch," at that time, and slides of
important English statesmen of that
period, illustrated his talk.
Engineers Hear
>V. S. Burbeck, '15.
Electrical Engineers met last night
in the Engineering building to hear
W. B. Burbeck, '15, now connected
with the Pacific Gas and Electric
company at San Francisco, speak un
der the auspices of the Stanford
Branch of the American Institute of
Electrical Engineers.
Burbeck spoke of the difficulties
that had to be overcome in laying a
cable across the Golden Gate, and il
lustrated his talk with slides of var
ious phases of the work. He also
showed a number of very beautiful
lighting effects which were used at
the Exposition.
Horine Iteturns
To Track Athletics*
George Horine, who is at present
engaged in farming, is to return to
track athletics and will in all prob
ability compete for the Olympic Club
next April in the annual Pacific As
sociation championships. Horine will
not compete in the high jump, but
will throw the javelin, for which
event he has been practicing on his
ranch at Winton.
Shows Tennlei's
( nil War Cartoons.
"Neutral Views of the Civil War"
was the subject of the illustrated lec
ture given, last night, by Professor
E. D. Adams, head of the History de
partment. Over fifty slides of famous
cartoons by Sir John Tenniel, in
"Punch," at that time, and slides of
important English statesmen of that
period, illustrated his talk.
Engineers Hear
>V. S. Burbeck, '15.
Electrical Engineers met last night
in the Engineering building to hear
W. B. Burbeck, '15, now connected
with the Pacific Gas and Electric
company at San Francisco, speak un
der the auspices of the Stanford
Branch of the American Institute of
Electrical Engineers.
Burbeck spoke of the difficulties
that had to be overcome in laying a
cable across the Golden Gate, and il
lustrated his talk with slides of var
ious phases of the work. He also
showed a number of very beautiful
lighting effects which were used at
the Exposition.
Horine Iteturns
To Track Athletics*
George Horine, who is at present
engaged in farming, is to return to
track athletics and will in all prob
ability compete for the Olympic Club
next April in the annual Pacific As
sociation championships. Horine will
not compete in the high jump, but
will throw the javelin, for which
event he has been practicing on his
ranch at Winton.
Shows Tennlei's
( nil War Cartoons.
"Neutral Views of the Civil War"
was the subject of the illustrated lec
ture given, last night, by Professor
E. D. Adams, head of the History de
partment. Over fifty slides of famous
cartoons by Sir John Tenniel, in
"Punch," at that time, and slides of
important English statesmen of that
period, illustrated his talk.
Engineers Hear
>V. S. Burbeck, '15.
Electrical Engineers met last night
in the Engineering building to hear
W. B. Burbeck, '15, now connected
with the Pacific Gas and Electric
company at San Francisco, speak un
der the auspices of the Stanford
Branch of the American Institute of
Electrical Engineers.
Burbeck spoke of the difficulties
that had to be overcome in laying a
cable across the Golden Gate, and il
lustrated his talk with slides of var
ious phases of the work. He also
showed a number of very beautiful
lighting effects which were used at
the Exposition.
Horine Iteturns
To Track Athletics*
George Horine, who is at present
engaged in farming, is to return to
track athletics and will in all prob
ability compete for the Olympic Club
next April in the annual Pacific As
sociation championships. Horine will
not compete in the high jump, but
will throw the javelin, for which
event he has been practicing on his
ranch at Winton.
Shows Tennlei's
( nil War Cartoons.
"Neutral Views of the Civil War"
was the subject of the illustrated lec
ture given, last night, by Professor
E. D. Adams, head of the History de
partment. Over fifty slides of famous
cartoons by Sir John Tenniel, in
"Punch," at that time, and slides of
important English statesmen of that
period, illustrated his talk.
Engineers Hear
>V. S. Burbeck, '15.
Electrical Engineers met last night
in the Engineering building to hear
W. B. Burbeck, '15, now connected
with the Pacific Gas and Electric
company at San Francisco, speak un
der the auspices of the Stanford
Branch of the American Institute of
Electrical Engineers.
Burbeck spoke of the difficulties
that had to be overcome in laying a
cable across the Golden Gate, and il
lustrated his talk with slides of var
ious phases of the work. He also
showed a number of very beautiful
lighting effects which were used at
the Exposition.
Horine Iteturns
To Track Athletics*
George Horine, who is at present
engaged in farming, is to return to
track athletics and will in all prob
ability compete for the Olympic Club
next April in the annual Pacific As
sociation championships. Horine will
not compete in the high jump, but
will throw the javelin, for which
event he has been practicing on his
ranch at Winton.
Shows Tennlei's
( nil War Cartoons.
"Neutral Views of the Civil War"
was the subject of the illustrated lec
ture given, last night, by Professor
E. D. Adams, head of the History de
partment. Over fifty slides of famous
cartoons by Sir John Tenniel, in
"Punch," at that time, and slides of
important English statesmen of that
period, illustrated his talk.
Engineers Hear
>V. S. Burbeck, '15.
Electrical Engineers met last night
in the Engineering building to hear
W. B. Burbeck, '15, now connected
with the Pacific Gas and Electric
company at San Francisco, speak un
der the auspices of the Stanford
Branch of the American Institute of
Electrical Engineers.
Burbeck spoke of the difficulties
that had to be overcome in laying a
cable across the Golden Gate, and il
lustrated his talk with slides of var
ious phases of the work. He also
showed a number of very beautiful
lighting effects which were used at
the Exposition.
Horine Iteturns
To Track Athletics*
George Horine, who is at present
engaged in farming, is to return to
track athletics and will in all prob
ability compete for the Olympic Club
next April in the annual Pacific As
sociation championships. Horine will
not compete in the high jump, but
will throw the javelin, for which
event he has been practicing on his
ranch at Winton.
Shows Tennlei's
( nil War Cartoons.
"Neutral Views of the Civil War"
was the subject of the illustrated lec
ture given, last night, by Professor
E. D. Adams, head of the History de
partment. Over fifty slides of famous
cartoons by Sir John Tenniel, in
"Punch," at that time, and slides of
important English statesmen of that
period, illustrated his talk.
Engineers Hear
>V. S. Burbeck, '15.
Electrical Engineers met last night
in the Engineering building to hear
W. B. Burbeck, '15, now connected
with the Pacific Gas and Electric
company at San Francisco, speak un
der the auspices of the Stanford
Branch of the American Institute of
Electrical Engineers.
Burbeck spoke of the difficulties
that had to be overcome in laying a
cable across the Golden Gate, and il
lustrated his talk with slides of var
ious phases of the work. He also
showed a number of very beautiful
lighting effects which were used at
the Exposition.
