# Adv. 35 Page 8
## 
### 
GET
ACQUAINTED
I '
II i
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
soda fountain refresh
ments. For 42 years
"Sticky" Wilson (Stan
ford '00) has catered to
the appetite and sweet
tooth of discriminating
students. „
•
%Wi/son's
om vim a uiLLkct uncAriat
I
i i
GET
ACQUAINTED
I '
II i
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
soda fountain refresh
ments. For 42 years
"Sticky" Wilson (Stan
ford '00) has catered to
the appetite and sweet
tooth of discriminating
students. „
•
%Wi/son's
om vim a uiLLkct uncAriat
I
i i
GET
ACQUAINTED
I '
II i
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
soda fountain refresh
ments. For 42 years
"Sticky" Wilson (Stan
ford '00) has catered to
the appetite and sweet
tooth of discriminating
students. „
•
%Wi/son's
om vim a uiLLkct uncAriat
I
i i
GET
ACQUAINTED
I '
II i
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
soda fountain refresh
ments. For 42 years
"Sticky" Wilson (Stan
ford '00) has catered to
the appetite and sweet
tooth of discriminating
students. „
•
%Wi/son's
om vim a uiLLkct uncAriat
I
i i
GET
ACQUAINTED
I '
II i
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
soda fountain refresh
ments. For 42 years
"Sticky" Wilson (Stan
ford '00) has catered to
the appetite and sweet
tooth of discriminating
students. „
•
%Wi/son's
om vim a uiLLkct uncAriat
I
i i
GET
ACQUAINTED
I '
II i
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
soda fountain refresh
ments. For 42 years
"Sticky" Wilson (Stan
ford '00) has catered to
the appetite and sweet
tooth of discriminating
students. „
•
%Wi/son's
om vim a uiLLkct uncAriat
I
i i
GET
ACQUAINTED
I '
II i
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
soda fountain refresh
ments. For 42 years
"Sticky" Wilson (Stan
ford '00) has catered to
the appetite and sweet
tooth of discriminating
students. „
•
%Wi/son's
om vim a uiLLkct uncAriat
I
i i
GET
ACQUAINTED
I '
II i
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
soda fountain refresh
ments. For 42 years
"Sticky" Wilson (Stan
ford '00) has catered to
the appetite and sweet
tooth of discriminating
students. „
•
%Wi/son's
om vim a uiLLkct uncAriat
I
i i
GET
ACQUAINTED
I '
II i
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
soda fountain refresh
ments. For 42 years
"Sticky" Wilson (Stan
ford '00) has catered to
the appetite and sweet
tooth of discriminating
students. „
•
%Wi/son's
om vim a uiLLkct uncAriat
I
i i
GET
ACQUAINTED
I '
II i
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
soda fountain refresh
ments. For 42 years
"Sticky" Wilson (Stan
ford '00) has catered to
the appetite and sweet
tooth of discriminating
students. „
•
%Wi/son's
om vim a uiLLkct uncAriat
I
i i
GET
ACQUAINTED
I '
II i
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
soda fountain refresh
ments. For 42 years
"Sticky" Wilson (Stan
ford '00) has catered to
the appetite and sweet
tooth of discriminating
students. „
•
%Wi/son's
om vim a uiLLkct uncAriat
I
i i
GET
ACQUAINTED
I '
II i
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
soda fountain refresh
ments. For 42 years
"Sticky" Wilson (Stan
ford '00) has catered to
the appetite and sweet
tooth of discriminating
students. „
•
%Wi/son's
om vim a uiLLkct uncAriat
I
i i
GET
ACQUAINTED
I '
II i
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
soda fountain refresh
ments. For 42 years
"Sticky" Wilson (Stan
ford '00) has catered to
the appetite and sweet
tooth of discriminating
students. „
•
%Wi/son's
om vim a uiLLkct uncAriat
I
i i
GET
ACQUAINTED
I '
II i
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
soda fountain refresh
ments. For 42 years
"Sticky" Wilson (Stan
ford '00) has catered to
the appetite and sweet
tooth of discriminating
students. „
•
%Wi/son's
om vim a uiLLkct uncAriat
I
i i
GET
ACQUAINTED
I '
II i
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
soda fountain refresh
ments. For 42 years
"Sticky" Wilson (Stan
ford '00) has catered to
the appetite and sweet
tooth of discriminating
students. „
•
%Wi/son's
om vim a uiLLkct uncAriat
I
i i
GET
ACQUAINTED
I '
II i
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
soda fountain refresh
ments. For 42 years
"Sticky" Wilson (Stan
ford '00) has catered to
the appetite and sweet
tooth of discriminating
students. „
•
%Wi/son's
om vim a uiLLkct uncAriat
I
i i
