# A.S.U. Book Mart Offers Bargains
## 
### 
"Save on Your Books" is the
catch-sloqan of the A.S.U. Book Ex
change which is entering its second
year in its quarters in the base
ment of the Women's Clubhouse
across from the post office.
According to Russ Curtis, man
aging director of the Exchange, the
turnover of books so far this quar
ter has far exceeded that of any
quarter last year.
Students wishing to avail them
selves of the facilities of the Ex
change may bring in their books for
re-sale or they may purchase their
texts for the ensuing quartei". Books
may be purchased for cash only, and
payment for books left with the Ex
change is made through the A.S.S.U.
office. Curtis has issued a call for
volunteers to work as clerks. Ap
plicants will be interviewed at the
Exchange during ollice hours, Cur
tis said.
"Save on Your Books" is the
catch-sloqan of the A.S.U. Book Ex
change which is entering its second
year in its quarters in the base
ment of the Women's Clubhouse
across from the post office.
According to Russ Curtis, man
aging director of the Exchange, the
turnover of books so far this quar
ter has far exceeded that of any
quarter last year.
Students wishing to avail them
selves of the facilities of the Ex
change may bring in their books for
re-sale or they may purchase their
texts for the ensuing quartei". Books
may be purchased for cash only, and
payment for books left with the Ex
change is made through the A.S.S.U.
office. Curtis has issued a call for
volunteers to work as clerks. Ap
plicants will be interviewed at the
Exchange during ollice hours, Cur
tis said.
"Save on Your Books" is the
catch-sloqan of the A.S.U. Book Ex
change which is entering its second
year in its quarters in the base
ment of the Women's Clubhouse
across from the post office.
According to Russ Curtis, man
aging director of the Exchange, the
turnover of books so far this quar
ter has far exceeded that of any
quarter last year.
Students wishing to avail them
selves of the facilities of the Ex
change may bring in their books for
re-sale or they may purchase their
texts for the ensuing quartei". Books
may be purchased for cash only, and
payment for books left with the Ex
change is made through the A.S.S.U.
office. Curtis has issued a call for
volunteers to work as clerks. Ap
plicants will be interviewed at the
Exchange during ollice hours, Cur
tis said.
"Save on Your Books" is the
catch-sloqan of the A.S.U. Book Ex
change which is entering its second
year in its quarters in the base
ment of the Women's Clubhouse
across from the post office.
According to Russ Curtis, man
aging director of the Exchange, the
turnover of books so far this quar
ter has far exceeded that of any
quarter last year.
Students wishing to avail them
selves of the facilities of the Ex
change may bring in their books for
re-sale or they may purchase their
texts for the ensuing quartei". Books
may be purchased for cash only, and
payment for books left with the Ex
change is made through the A.S.S.U.
office. Curtis has issued a call for
volunteers to work as clerks. Ap
plicants will be interviewed at the
Exchange during ollice hours, Cur
tis said.
"Save on Your Books" is the
catch-sloqan of the A.S.U. Book Ex
change which is entering its second
year in its quarters in the base
ment of the Women's Clubhouse
across from the post office.
According to Russ Curtis, man
aging director of the Exchange, the
turnover of books so far this quar
ter has far exceeded that of any
quarter last year.
Students wishing to avail them
selves of the facilities of the Ex
change may bring in their books for
re-sale or they may purchase their
texts for the ensuing quartei". Books
may be purchased for cash only, and
payment for books left with the Ex
change is made through the A.S.S.U.
office. Curtis has issued a call for
volunteers to work as clerks. Ap
plicants will be interviewed at the
Exchange during ollice hours, Cur
tis said.
"Save on Your Books" is the
catch-sloqan of the A.S.U. Book Ex
change which is entering its second
year in its quarters in the base
ment of the Women's Clubhouse
across from the post office.
According to Russ Curtis, man
aging director of the Exchange, the
turnover of books so far this quar
ter has far exceeded that of any
quarter last year.
Students wishing to avail them
selves of the facilities of the Ex
change may bring in their books for
re-sale or they may purchase their
texts for the ensuing quartei". Books
may be purchased for cash only, and
payment for books left with the Ex
change is made through the A.S.S.U.
office. Curtis has issued a call for
volunteers to work as clerks. Ap
plicants will be interviewed at the
Exchange during ollice hours, Cur
tis said.
"Save on Your Books" is the
catch-sloqan of the A.S.U. Book Ex
change which is entering its second
year in its quarters in the base
ment of the Women's Clubhouse
across from the post office.
According to Russ Curtis, man
aging director of the Exchange, the
turnover of books so far this quar
ter has far exceeded that of any
quarter last year.
Students wishing to avail them
selves of the facilities of the Ex
change may bring in their books for
re-sale or they may purchase their
texts for the ensuing quartei". Books
may be purchased for cash only, and
payment for books left with the Ex
change is made through the A.S.S.U.
office. Curtis has issued a call for
volunteers to work as clerks. Ap
plicants will be interviewed at the
Exchange during ollice hours, Cur
tis said.
"Save on Your Books" is the
catch-sloqan of the A.S.U. Book Ex
change which is entering its second
year in its quarters in the base
ment of the Women's Clubhouse
across from the post office.
According to Russ Curtis, man
aging director of the Exchange, the
turnover of books so far this quar
ter has far exceeded that of any
quarter last year.
Students wishing to avail them
selves of the facilities of the Ex
change may bring in their books for
re-sale or they may purchase their
texts for the ensuing quartei". Books
may be purchased for cash only, and
payment for books left with the Ex
change is made through the A.S.S.U.
office. Curtis has issued a call for
volunteers to work as clerks. Ap
plicants will be interviewed at the
Exchange during ollice hours, Cur
tis said.
"Save on Your Books" is the
catch-sloqan of the A.S.U. Book Ex
change which is entering its second
year in its quarters in the base
ment of the Women's Clubhouse
across from the post office.
According to Russ Curtis, man
aging director of the Exchange, the
turnover of books so far this quar
ter has far exceeded that of any
quarter last year.
Students wishing to avail them
selves of the facilities of the Ex
change may bring in their books for
re-sale or they may purchase their
texts for the ensuing quartei". Books
may be purchased for cash only, and
payment for books left with the Ex
change is made through the A.S.S.U.
office. Curtis has issued a call for
volunteers to work as clerks. Ap
plicants will be interviewed at the
Exchange during ollice hours, Cur
tis said.
"Save on Your Books" is the
catch-sloqan of the A.S.U. Book Ex
change which is entering its second
year in its quarters in the base
ment of the Women's Clubhouse
across from the post office.
According to Russ Curtis, man
aging director of the Exchange, the
turnover of books so far this quar
ter has far exceeded that of any
quarter last year.
Students wishing to avail them
selves of the facilities of the Ex
change may bring in their books for
re-sale or they may purchase their
texts for the ensuing quartei". Books
may be purchased for cash only, and
payment for books left with the Ex
change is made through the A.S.S.U.
office. Curtis has issued a call for
volunteers to work as clerks. Ap
plicants will be interviewed at the
Exchange during ollice hours, Cur
tis said.
"Save on Your Books" is the
catch-sloqan of the A.S.U. Book Ex
change which is entering its second
year in its quarters in the base
ment of the Women's Clubhouse
across from the post office.
According to Russ Curtis, man
aging director of the Exchange, the
turnover of books so far this quar
ter has far exceeded that of any
quarter last year.
Students wishing to avail them
selves of the facilities of the Ex
change may bring in their books for
re-sale or they may purchase their
texts for the ensuing quartei". Books
may be purchased for cash only, and
payment for books left with the Ex
change is made through the A.S.S.U.
office. Curtis has issued a call for
volunteers to work as clerks. Ap
plicants will be interviewed at the
Exchange during ollice hours, Cur
tis said.
"Save on Your Books" is the
catch-sloqan of the A.S.U. Book Ex
change which is entering its second
year in its quarters in the base
ment of the Women's Clubhouse
across from the post office.
According to Russ Curtis, man
aging director of the Exchange, the
turnover of books so far this quar
ter has far exceeded that of any
quarter last year.
Students wishing to avail them
selves of the facilities of the Ex
change may bring in their books for
re-sale or they may purchase their
texts for the ensuing quartei". Books
may be purchased for cash only, and
payment for books left with the Ex
change is made through the A.S.S.U.
office. Curtis has issued a call for
volunteers to work as clerks. Ap
plicants will be interviewed at the
Exchange during ollice hours, Cur
tis said.
"Save on Your Books" is the
catch-sloqan of the A.S.U. Book Ex
change which is entering its second
year in its quarters in the base
ment of the Women's Clubhouse
across from the post office.
According to Russ Curtis, man
aging director of the Exchange, the
turnover of books so far this quar
ter has far exceeded that of any
quarter last year.
Students wishing to avail them
selves of the facilities of the Ex
change may bring in their books for
re-sale or they may purchase their
texts for the ensuing quartei". Books
may be purchased for cash only, and
payment for books left with the Ex
change is made through the A.S.S.U.
office. Curtis has issued a call for
volunteers to work as clerks. Ap
plicants will be interviewed at the
Exchange during ollice hours, Cur
tis said.
"Save on Your Books" is the
catch-sloqan of the A.S.U. Book Ex
change which is entering its second
year in its quarters in the base
ment of the Women's Clubhouse
across from the post office.
According to Russ Curtis, man
aging director of the Exchange, the
turnover of books so far this quar
ter has far exceeded that of any
quarter last year.
Students wishing to avail them
selves of the facilities of the Ex
change may bring in their books for
re-sale or they may purchase their
texts for the ensuing quartei". Books
may be purchased for cash only, and
payment for books left with the Ex
change is made through the A.S.S.U.
office. Curtis has issued a call for
volunteers to work as clerks. Ap
plicants will be interviewed at the
Exchange during ollice hours, Cur
tis said.
"Save on Your Books" is the
catch-sloqan of the A.S.U. Book Ex
change which is entering its second
year in its quarters in the base
ment of the Women's Clubhouse
across from the post office.
According to Russ Curtis, man
aging director of the Exchange, the
turnover of books so far this quar
ter has far exceeded that of any
quarter last year.
Students wishing to avail them
selves of the facilities of the Ex
change may bring in their books for
re-sale or they may purchase their
texts for the ensuing quartei". Books
may be purchased for cash only, and
payment for books left with the Ex
change is made through the A.S.S.U.
office. Curtis has issued a call for
volunteers to work as clerks. Ap
plicants will be interviewed at the
Exchange during ollice hours, Cur
tis said.
"Save on Your Books" is the
catch-sloqan of the A.S.U. Book Ex
change which is entering its second
year in its quarters in the base
ment of the Women's Clubhouse
across from the post office.
According to Russ Curtis, man
aging director of the Exchange, the
turnover of books so far this quar
ter has far exceeded that of any
quarter last year.
Students wishing to avail them
selves of the facilities of the Ex
change may bring in their books for
re-sale or they may purchase their
texts for the ensuing quartei". Books
may be purchased for cash only, and
payment for books left with the Ex
change is made through the A.S.S.U.
office. Curtis has issued a call for
volunteers to work as clerks. Ap
plicants will be interviewed at the
Exchange during ollice hours, Cur
tis said.
