# Russell Announces Quad Sale Today
## 
### 
Quads will be available tomorrow
only for $5.6.7 including the name
imprinted on the front of the book
according to Editor Newton Russell.
After tomorrow the book will sell
for the same price bul an extra
charge will be made for printing
names on the cover. Among other
attractions which the Quad will
boast next year is the 15 per cent
increase in number of candids to
be used, according to Russell.
Quads will be available tomorrow
only for $5.6.7 including the name
imprinted on the front of the book
according to Editor Newton Russell.
After tomorrow the book will sell
for the same price bul an extra
charge will be made for printing
names on the cover. Among other
attractions which the Quad will
boast next year is the 15 per cent
increase in number of candids to
be used, according to Russell.
Quads will be available tomorrow
only for $5.6.7 including the name
imprinted on the front of the book
according to Editor Newton Russell.
After tomorrow the book will sell
for the same price bul an extra
charge will be made for printing
names on the cover. Among other
attractions which the Quad will
boast next year is the 15 per cent
increase in number of candids to
be used, according to Russell.
Quads will be available tomorrow
only for $5.6.7 including the name
imprinted on the front of the book
according to Editor Newton Russell.
After tomorrow the book will sell
for the same price bul an extra
charge will be made for printing
names on the cover. Among other
attractions which the Quad will
boast next year is the 15 per cent
increase in number of candids to
be used, according to Russell.
Quads will be available tomorrow
only for $5.6.7 including the name
imprinted on the front of the book
according to Editor Newton Russell.
After tomorrow the book will sell
for the same price bul an extra
charge will be made for printing
names on the cover. Among other
attractions which the Quad will
boast next year is the 15 per cent
increase in number of candids to
be used, according to Russell.
Quads will be available tomorrow
only for $5.6.7 including the name
imprinted on the front of the book
according to Editor Newton Russell.
After tomorrow the book will sell
for the same price bul an extra
charge will be made for printing
names on the cover. Among other
attractions which the Quad will
boast next year is the 15 per cent
increase in number of candids to
be used, according to Russell.
Quads will be available tomorrow
only for $5.6.7 including the name
imprinted on the front of the book
according to Editor Newton Russell.
After tomorrow the book will sell
for the same price bul an extra
charge will be made for printing
names on the cover. Among other
attractions which the Quad will
boast next year is the 15 per cent
increase in number of candids to
be used, according to Russell.
Quads will be available tomorrow
only for $5.6.7 including the name
imprinted on the front of the book
according to Editor Newton Russell.
After tomorrow the book will sell
for the same price bul an extra
charge will be made for printing
names on the cover. Among other
attractions which the Quad will
boast next year is the 15 per cent
increase in number of candids to
be used, according to Russell.
Quads will be available tomorrow
only for $5.6.7 including the name
imprinted on the front of the book
according to Editor Newton Russell.
After tomorrow the book will sell
for the same price bul an extra
charge will be made for printing
names on the cover. Among other
attractions which the Quad will
boast next year is the 15 per cent
increase in number of candids to
be used, according to Russell.
Quads will be available tomorrow
only for $5.6.7 including the name
imprinted on the front of the book
according to Editor Newton Russell.
After tomorrow the book will sell
for the same price bul an extra
charge will be made for printing
names on the cover. Among other
attractions which the Quad will
boast next year is the 15 per cent
increase in number of candids to
be used, according to Russell.
Quads will be available tomorrow
only for $5.6.7 including the name
imprinted on the front of the book
according to Editor Newton Russell.
After tomorrow the book will sell
for the same price bul an extra
charge will be made for printing
names on the cover. Among other
attractions which the Quad will
boast next year is the 15 per cent
increase in number of candids to
be used, according to Russell.
Quads will be available tomorrow
only for $5.6.7 including the name
imprinted on the front of the book
according to Editor Newton Russell.
After tomorrow the book will sell
for the same price bul an extra
charge will be made for printing
names on the cover. Among other
attractions which the Quad will
boast next year is the 15 per cent
increase in number of candids to
be used, according to Russell.
Quads will be available tomorrow
only for $5.6.7 including the name
imprinted on the front of the book
according to Editor Newton Russell.
After tomorrow the book will sell
for the same price bul an extra
charge will be made for printing
names on the cover. Among other
attractions which the Quad will
boast next year is the 15 per cent
increase in number of candids to
be used, according to Russell.
Quads will be available tomorrow
only for $5.6.7 including the name
imprinted on the front of the book
according to Editor Newton Russell.
After tomorrow the book will sell
for the same price bul an extra
charge will be made for printing
names on the cover. Among other
attractions which the Quad will
boast next year is the 15 per cent
increase in number of candids to
be used, according to Russell.
Quads will be available tomorrow
only for $5.6.7 including the name
imprinted on the front of the book
according to Editor Newton Russell.
After tomorrow the book will sell
for the same price bul an extra
charge will be made for printing
names on the cover. Among other
attractions which the Quad will
boast next year is the 15 per cent
increase in number of candids to
be used, according to Russell.
Quads will be available tomorrow
only for $5.6.7 including the name
imprinted on the front of the book
according to Editor Newton Russell.
After tomorrow the book will sell
for the same price bul an extra
charge will be made for printing
names on the cover. Among other
attractions which the Quad will
boast next year is the 15 per cent
increase in number of candids to
be used, according to Russell.
