# Wilbur Announces Associate Plan
## 
### 
One of the most frequent criti
cisms of the Wilbur System is
the separation of freshmen from
association with upperclassmen.
At present the freshmen have
contact with upperclassmen al
most exclusively through the
sponsor system. As a result,
sponsors and faculty residents
have proposed an upperclass as
sociate plan for Wilbur.
Each associate will be identi
fied with a specific Wilbur house
where he or she will eat at least
one meal a day. Additional parti
cipation in the house program
will be encouraged, limited only
by the interest of the individual
associate.
Any Stanford student, male or
female, is eligible to participate
in this program. Those inter
ested may apply by completing
a form available in the Wilbur
office after Monday. These forms
must be returned by the follow
ing Monday, May 6, when ar
rangements can be made for a
short interview. A meeting for
all interested student will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on Wednesday,
May 1, in the Junipero lounge.
One of the most frequent criti
cisms of the Wilbur System is
the separation of freshmen from
association with upperclassmen.
At present the freshmen have
contact with upperclassmen al
most exclusively through the
sponsor system. As a result,
sponsors and faculty residents
have proposed an upperclass as
sociate plan for Wilbur.
Each associate will be identi
fied with a specific Wilbur house
where he or she will eat at least
one meal a day. Additional parti
cipation in the house program
will be encouraged, limited only
by the interest of the individual
associate.
Any Stanford student, male or
female, is eligible to participate
in this program. Those inter
ested may apply by completing
a form available in the Wilbur
office after Monday. These forms
must be returned by the follow
ing Monday, May 6, when ar
rangements can be made for a
short interview. A meeting for
all interested student will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on Wednesday,
May 1, in the Junipero lounge.
One of the most frequent criti
cisms of the Wilbur System is
the separation of freshmen from
association with upperclassmen.
At present the freshmen have
contact with upperclassmen al
most exclusively through the
sponsor system. As a result,
sponsors and faculty residents
have proposed an upperclass as
sociate plan for Wilbur.
Each associate will be identi
fied with a specific Wilbur house
where he or she will eat at least
one meal a day. Additional parti
cipation in the house program
will be encouraged, limited only
by the interest of the individual
associate.
Any Stanford student, male or
female, is eligible to participate
in this program. Those inter
ested may apply by completing
a form available in the Wilbur
office after Monday. These forms
must be returned by the follow
ing Monday, May 6, when ar
rangements can be made for a
short interview. A meeting for
all interested student will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on Wednesday,
May 1, in the Junipero lounge.
One of the most frequent criti
cisms of the Wilbur System is
the separation of freshmen from
association with upperclassmen.
At present the freshmen have
contact with upperclassmen al
most exclusively through the
sponsor system. As a result,
sponsors and faculty residents
have proposed an upperclass as
sociate plan for Wilbur.
Each associate will be identi
fied with a specific Wilbur house
where he or she will eat at least
one meal a day. Additional parti
cipation in the house program
will be encouraged, limited only
by the interest of the individual
associate.
Any Stanford student, male or
female, is eligible to participate
in this program. Those inter
ested may apply by completing
a form available in the Wilbur
office after Monday. These forms
must be returned by the follow
ing Monday, May 6, when ar
rangements can be made for a
short interview. A meeting for
all interested student will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on Wednesday,
May 1, in the Junipero lounge.
One of the most frequent criti
cisms of the Wilbur System is
the separation of freshmen from
association with upperclassmen.
At present the freshmen have
contact with upperclassmen al
most exclusively through the
sponsor system. As a result,
sponsors and faculty residents
have proposed an upperclass as
sociate plan for Wilbur.
Each associate will be identi
fied with a specific Wilbur house
where he or she will eat at least
one meal a day. Additional parti
cipation in the house program
will be encouraged, limited only
by the interest of the individual
associate.
Any Stanford student, male or
female, is eligible to participate
in this program. Those inter
ested may apply by completing
a form available in the Wilbur
office after Monday. These forms
must be returned by the follow
ing Monday, May 6, when ar
rangements can be made for a
short interview. A meeting for
all interested student will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on Wednesday,
May 1, in the Junipero lounge.
One of the most frequent criti
cisms of the Wilbur System is
the separation of freshmen from
association with upperclassmen.
At present the freshmen have
contact with upperclassmen al
most exclusively through the
sponsor system. As a result,
sponsors and faculty residents
have proposed an upperclass as
sociate plan for Wilbur.
Each associate will be identi
fied with a specific Wilbur house
where he or she will eat at least
one meal a day. Additional parti
cipation in the house program
will be encouraged, limited only
by the interest of the individual
associate.
Any Stanford student, male or
female, is eligible to participate
in this program. Those inter
ested may apply by completing
a form available in the Wilbur
office after Monday. These forms
must be returned by the follow
ing Monday, May 6, when ar
rangements can be made for a
short interview. A meeting for
all interested student will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on Wednesday,
May 1, in the Junipero lounge.
One of the most frequent criti
cisms of the Wilbur System is
the separation of freshmen from
association with upperclassmen.
At present the freshmen have
contact with upperclassmen al
most exclusively through the
sponsor system. As a result,
sponsors and faculty residents
have proposed an upperclass as
sociate plan for Wilbur.
Each associate will be identi
fied with a specific Wilbur house
where he or she will eat at least
one meal a day. Additional parti
cipation in the house program
will be encouraged, limited only
by the interest of the individual
associate.
Any Stanford student, male or
female, is eligible to participate
in this program. Those inter
ested may apply by completing
a form available in the Wilbur
office after Monday. These forms
must be returned by the follow
ing Monday, May 6, when ar
rangements can be made for a
short interview. A meeting for
all interested student will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on Wednesday,
May 1, in the Junipero lounge.
One of the most frequent criti
cisms of the Wilbur System is
the separation of freshmen from
association with upperclassmen.
At present the freshmen have
contact with upperclassmen al
most exclusively through the
sponsor system. As a result,
sponsors and faculty residents
have proposed an upperclass as
sociate plan for Wilbur.
Each associate will be identi
fied with a specific Wilbur house
where he or she will eat at least
one meal a day. Additional parti
cipation in the house program
will be encouraged, limited only
by the interest of the individual
associate.
Any Stanford student, male or
female, is eligible to participate
in this program. Those inter
ested may apply by completing
a form available in the Wilbur
office after Monday. These forms
must be returned by the follow
ing Monday, May 6, when ar
rangements can be made for a
short interview. A meeting for
all interested student will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on Wednesday,
May 1, in the Junipero lounge.
One of the most frequent criti
cisms of the Wilbur System is
the separation of freshmen from
association with upperclassmen.
At present the freshmen have
contact with upperclassmen al
most exclusively through the
sponsor system. As a result,
sponsors and faculty residents
have proposed an upperclass as
sociate plan for Wilbur.
Each associate will be identi
fied with a specific Wilbur house
where he or she will eat at least
one meal a day. Additional parti
cipation in the house program
will be encouraged, limited only
by the interest of the individual
associate.
Any Stanford student, male or
female, is eligible to participate
in this program. Those inter
ested may apply by completing
a form available in the Wilbur
office after Monday. These forms
must be returned by the follow
ing Monday, May 6, when ar
rangements can be made for a
short interview. A meeting for
all interested student will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on Wednesday,
May 1, in the Junipero lounge.
One of the most frequent criti
cisms of the Wilbur System is
the separation of freshmen from
association with upperclassmen.
At present the freshmen have
contact with upperclassmen al
most exclusively through the
sponsor system. As a result,
sponsors and faculty residents
have proposed an upperclass as
sociate plan for Wilbur.
Each associate will be identi
fied with a specific Wilbur house
where he or she will eat at least
one meal a day. Additional parti
cipation in the house program
will be encouraged, limited only
by the interest of the individual
associate.
Any Stanford student, male or
female, is eligible to participate
in this program. Those inter
ested may apply by completing
a form available in the Wilbur
office after Monday. These forms
must be returned by the follow
ing Monday, May 6, when ar
rangements can be made for a
short interview. A meeting for
all interested student will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on Wednesday,
May 1, in the Junipero lounge.
One of the most frequent criti
cisms of the Wilbur System is
the separation of freshmen from
association with upperclassmen.
At present the freshmen have
contact with upperclassmen al
most exclusively through the
sponsor system. As a result,
sponsors and faculty residents
have proposed an upperclass as
sociate plan for Wilbur.
Each associate will be identi
fied with a specific Wilbur house
where he or she will eat at least
one meal a day. Additional parti
cipation in the house program
will be encouraged, limited only
by the interest of the individual
associate.
Any Stanford student, male or
female, is eligible to participate
in this program. Those inter
ested may apply by completing
a form available in the Wilbur
office after Monday. These forms
must be returned by the follow
ing Monday, May 6, when ar
rangements can be made for a
short interview. A meeting for
all interested student will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on Wednesday,
May 1, in the Junipero lounge.
One of the most frequent criti
cisms of the Wilbur System is
the separation of freshmen from
association with upperclassmen.
At present the freshmen have
contact with upperclassmen al
most exclusively through the
sponsor system. As a result,
sponsors and faculty residents
have proposed an upperclass as
sociate plan for Wilbur.
Each associate will be identi
fied with a specific Wilbur house
where he or she will eat at least
one meal a day. Additional parti
cipation in the house program
will be encouraged, limited only
by the interest of the individual
associate.
Any Stanford student, male or
female, is eligible to participate
in this program. Those inter
ested may apply by completing
a form available in the Wilbur
office after Monday. These forms
must be returned by the follow
ing Monday, May 6, when ar
rangements can be made for a
short interview. A meeting for
all interested student will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on Wednesday,
May 1, in the Junipero lounge.
One of the most frequent criti
cisms of the Wilbur System is
the separation of freshmen from
association with upperclassmen.
At present the freshmen have
contact with upperclassmen al
most exclusively through the
sponsor system. As a result,
sponsors and faculty residents
have proposed an upperclass as
sociate plan for Wilbur.
Each associate will be identi
fied with a specific Wilbur house
where he or she will eat at least
one meal a day. Additional parti
cipation in the house program
will be encouraged, limited only
by the interest of the individual
associate.
Any Stanford student, male or
female, is eligible to participate
in this program. Those inter
ested may apply by completing
a form available in the Wilbur
office after Monday. These forms
must be returned by the follow
ing Monday, May 6, when ar
rangements can be made for a
short interview. A meeting for
all interested student will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on Wednesday,
May 1, in the Junipero lounge.
One of the most frequent criti
cisms of the Wilbur System is
the separation of freshmen from
association with upperclassmen.
At present the freshmen have
contact with upperclassmen al
most exclusively through the
sponsor system. As a result,
sponsors and faculty residents
have proposed an upperclass as
sociate plan for Wilbur.
Each associate will be identi
fied with a specific Wilbur house
where he or she will eat at least
one meal a day. Additional parti
cipation in the house program
will be encouraged, limited only
by the interest of the individual
associate.
Any Stanford student, male or
female, is eligible to participate
in this program. Those inter
ested may apply by completing
a form available in the Wilbur
office after Monday. These forms
must be returned by the follow
ing Monday, May 6, when ar
rangements can be made for a
short interview. A meeting for
all interested student will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on Wednesday,
May 1, in the Junipero lounge.
One of the most frequent criti
cisms of the Wilbur System is
the separation of freshmen from
association with upperclassmen.
At present the freshmen have
contact with upperclassmen al
most exclusively through the
sponsor system. As a result,
sponsors and faculty residents
have proposed an upperclass as
sociate plan for Wilbur.
Each associate will be identi
fied with a specific Wilbur house
where he or she will eat at least
one meal a day. Additional parti
cipation in the house program
will be encouraged, limited only
by the interest of the individual
associate.
Any Stanford student, male or
female, is eligible to participate
in this program. Those inter
ested may apply by completing
a form available in the Wilbur
office after Monday. These forms
must be returned by the follow
ing Monday, May 6, when ar
rangements can be made for a
short interview. A meeting for
all interested student will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on Wednesday,
May 1, in the Junipero lounge.
