# Chinese Movie Is Tuesday Feature
## 
### 
"Song of China," a Chinese motion
picture with Chinese music and Eng
lish titles wilt be given next Tues
day Evening at 7:30 o'clock in Me
morial Hall. This program is one in
the regular Tuesday Evening Series
to which the public is invited.
"Song of China" is unique in that
it is the first feature motion picture
ever made in the Orient considered
worthy of popular American con
sumption. The story reflects the
conflict between the old and the new
social customs and standards, and
the breaking down of the traditional
Chinese heritage by Western civili
zation.
It is an unusual study of the deep
social principle of filial obedience
imbedded in three Chinese genera
tions. It is simply constructed, and
gravely paced to an authentic Chi
nese score. Running time is 6f>
minutes.
