# Mothers Club To Sell May Festival Sweets
## 
### BETTY KLINE 
Because tickets to the Mothers' j
Club Fete were sold all over the
state, hundreds of mothers jour
neyed from'points as far distant as
Sacramento, Napa, and even Los
Angeles to see the spectacle pre
sented yesterday in the Lawrence
Frost Amphitheater, according to
Mrs. Douglas Clark, ticket chair
man.
Between 1300 and 1400 people is
the estimate of the number pres
ent, committee members said, and
the club hopes to clear $1500 when
the proceeds are added up. The
profits were considerably swelled
by fortune telling, flower, balloon,
lavendar, and cake-and-candy con
cessions, which operated actively all
during the afternoon.
A few remaining home-made
cakes and candies will be sold in
front of the Union Cellar this
morning, according to Mrs. Glad
ys Z. Council, in charge of the
food booth.
Special credit for contributing to
the success of the affair goes to
Waldemar Johansen, acording to
Mrs. Raymond Wheeler, benefit
chairman, for .setting up a public
address system in the amphithe
ater.
Present in the receiving line at
the festival were Mrs. Cora Greene
Wilson, retiring president; Mrs.
Robert L. Cody, incoming president;
Mrs. Paul Shoup, Mrs. Herbert Hoo
ver, Mrs. Timothy Hopkins, Mrs.
Thomas Storey, Mrs. J. C. Branner,
Mrs. J. T. Nourse, and Dr. Helen
Pryor.
Two busloads of musical-minded
spectators commuted from San
Francisco to see the show, commit
tee workers said, including repre
sentatives of the Pacific Musical As
sociation and the San Francisco
Musical Association. Kay Finlay
son, an alumna who teaches dancing
at Modesto Junior College, secured
permission for an entire dancing
class to he excused from school in
order to attend.
Five fortune telling booths were
kept busy all during the affair, ac
cording to Mrs. Wheeler, while co
eds selling lavendar and candy, and
flowers and bright balloons added
to the color of the occasion. The
selling within the booths was car
ried on by members of the Mothers'
Club.
Final financial results will not be
known for some time, club officers
stated. hpcnMPo of tho wiflr* :>ren

in which tickets were sold. Mem
bers of the club expressed appre
ciation to the many students who
participated in the affair, and to
Coach Harry Maloney, who pro
vided student acrobats and tumblers
from the gym.
Because tickets to the Mothers' j
Club Fete were sold all over the
state, hundreds of mothers jour
neyed from'points as far distant as
Sacramento, Napa, and even Los
Angeles to see the spectacle pre
sented yesterday in the Lawrence
Frost Amphitheater, according to
Mrs. Douglas Clark, ticket chair
man.
Between 1300 and 1400 people is
the estimate of the number pres
ent, committee members said, and
the club hopes to clear $1500 when
the proceeds are added up. The
profits were considerably swelled
by fortune telling, flower, balloon,
lavendar, and cake-and-candy con
cessions, which operated actively all
during the afternoon.
A few remaining home-made
cakes and candies will be sold in
front of the Union Cellar this
morning, according to Mrs. Glad
ys Z. Council, in charge of the
food booth.
Special credit for contributing to
the success of the affair goes to
Waldemar Johansen, acording to
Mrs. Raymond Wheeler, benefit
chairman, for .setting up a public
address system in the amphithe
ater.
Present in the receiving line at
the festival were Mrs. Cora Greene
Wilson, retiring president; Mrs.
Robert L. Cody, incoming president;
Mrs. Paul Shoup, Mrs. Herbert Hoo
ver, Mrs. Timothy Hopkins, Mrs.
Thomas Storey, Mrs. J. C. Branner,
Mrs. J. T. Nourse, and Dr. Helen
Pryor.
Two busloads of musical-minded
spectators commuted from San
Francisco to see the show, commit
tee workers said, including repre
sentatives of the Pacific Musical As
sociation and the San Francisco
Musical Association. Kay Finlay
son, an alumna who teaches dancing
at Modesto Junior College, secured
permission for an entire dancing
class to he excused from school in
order to attend.
Five fortune telling booths were
kept busy all during the affair, ac
cording to Mrs. Wheeler, while co
eds selling lavendar and candy, and
flowers and bright balloons added
to the color of the occasion. The
selling within the booths was car
ried on by members of the Mothers'
Club.
Final financial results will not be
known for some time, club officers
stated. hpcnMPo of tho wiflr* :>ren

in which tickets were sold. Mem
bers of the club expressed appre
ciation to the many students who
participated in the affair, and to
Coach Harry Maloney, who pro
vided student acrobats and tumblers
from the gym.
Because tickets to the Mothers' j
Club Fete were sold all over the
state, hundreds of mothers jour
neyed from'points as far distant as
Sacramento, Napa, and even Los
Angeles to see the spectacle pre
sented yesterday in the Lawrence
Frost Amphitheater, according to
Mrs. Douglas Clark, ticket chair
man.
Between 1300 and 1400 people is
the estimate of the number pres
ent, committee members said, and
the club hopes to clear $1500 when
the proceeds are added up. The
profits were considerably swelled
by fortune telling, flower, balloon,
lavendar, and cake-and-candy con
cessions, which operated actively all
during the afternoon.
A few remaining home-made
cakes and candies will be sold in
front of the Union Cellar this
morning, according to Mrs. Glad
ys Z. Council, in charge of the
food booth.
Special credit for contributing to
the success of the affair goes to
Waldemar Johansen, acording to
Mrs. Raymond Wheeler, benefit
chairman, for .setting up a public
address system in the amphithe
ater.
Present in the receiving line at
the festival were Mrs. Cora Greene
Wilson, retiring president; Mrs.
Robert L. Cody, incoming president;
Mrs. Paul Shoup, Mrs. Herbert Hoo
ver, Mrs. Timothy Hopkins, Mrs.
Thomas Storey, Mrs. J. C. Branner,
Mrs. J. T. Nourse, and Dr. Helen
Pryor.
Two busloads of musical-minded
spectators commuted from San
Francisco to see the show, commit
tee workers said, including repre
sentatives of the Pacific Musical As
sociation and the San Francisco
Musical Association. Kay Finlay
son, an alumna who teaches dancing
at Modesto Junior College, secured
permission for an entire dancing
class to he excused from school in
order to attend.
Five fortune telling booths were
kept busy all during the affair, ac
cording to Mrs. Wheeler, while co
eds selling lavendar and candy, and
flowers and bright balloons added
to the color of the occasion. The
selling within the booths was car
ried on by members of the Mothers'
Club.
Final financial results will not be
known for some time, club officers
stated. hpcnMPo of tho wiflr* :>ren

in which tickets were sold. Mem
bers of the club expressed appre
ciation to the many students who
participated in the affair, and to
Coach Harry Maloney, who pro
vided student acrobats and tumblers
from the gym.
Because tickets to the Mothers' j
Club Fete were sold all over the
state, hundreds of mothers jour
neyed from'points as far distant as
Sacramento, Napa, and even Los
Angeles to see the spectacle pre
sented yesterday in the Lawrence
Frost Amphitheater, according to
Mrs. Douglas Clark, ticket chair
man.
Between 1300 and 1400 people is
the estimate of the number pres
ent, committee members said, and
the club hopes to clear $1500 when
the proceeds are added up. The
profits were considerably swelled
by fortune telling, flower, balloon,
lavendar, and cake-and-candy con
cessions, which operated actively all
during the afternoon.
A few remaining home-made
cakes and candies will be sold in
front of the Union Cellar this
morning, according to Mrs. Glad
ys Z. Council, in charge of the
food booth.
Special credit for contributing to
the success of the affair goes to
Waldemar Johansen, acording to
Mrs. Raymond Wheeler, benefit
chairman, for .setting up a public
address system in the amphithe
ater.
Present in the receiving line at
the festival were Mrs. Cora Greene
Wilson, retiring president; Mrs.
Robert L. Cody, incoming president;
Mrs. Paul Shoup, Mrs. Herbert Hoo
ver, Mrs. Timothy Hopkins, Mrs.
Thomas Storey, Mrs. J. C. Branner,
Mrs. J. T. Nourse, and Dr. Helen
Pryor.
Two busloads of musical-minded
spectators commuted from San
Francisco to see the show, commit
tee workers said, including repre
sentatives of the Pacific Musical As
sociation and the San Francisco
Musical Association. Kay Finlay
son, an alumna who teaches dancing
at Modesto Junior College, secured
permission for an entire dancing
class to he excused from school in
order to attend.
Five fortune telling booths were
kept busy all during the affair, ac
cording to Mrs. Wheeler, while co
eds selling lavendar and candy, and
flowers and bright balloons added
to the color of the occasion. The
selling within the booths was car
ried on by members of the Mothers'
Club.
Final financial results will not be
known for some time, club officers
stated. hpcnMPo of tho wiflr* :>ren

in which tickets were sold. Mem
bers of the club expressed appre
ciation to the many students who
participated in the affair, and to
Coach Harry Maloney, who pro
vided student acrobats and tumblers
from the gym.
Because tickets to the Mothers' j
Club Fete were sold all over the
state, hundreds of mothers jour
neyed from'points as far distant as
Sacramento, Napa, and even Los
Angeles to see the spectacle pre
sented yesterday in the Lawrence
Frost Amphitheater, according to
Mrs. Douglas Clark, ticket chair
man.
Between 1300 and 1400 people is
the estimate of the number pres
ent, committee members said, and
the club hopes to clear $1500 when
the proceeds are added up. The
profits were considerably swelled
by fortune telling, flower, balloon,
lavendar, and cake-and-candy con
cessions, which operated actively all
during the afternoon.
A few remaining home-made
cakes and candies will be sold in
front of the Union Cellar this
morning, according to Mrs. Glad
ys Z. Council, in charge of the
food booth.
Special credit for contributing to
the success of the affair goes to
Waldemar Johansen, acording to
Mrs. Raymond Wheeler, benefit
chairman, for .setting up a public
address system in the amphithe
ater.
Present in the receiving line at
the festival were Mrs. Cora Greene
Wilson, retiring president; Mrs.
Robert L. Cody, incoming president;
Mrs. Paul Shoup, Mrs. Herbert Hoo
ver, Mrs. Timothy Hopkins, Mrs.
Thomas Storey, Mrs. J. C. Branner,
Mrs. J. T. Nourse, and Dr. Helen
Pryor.
Two busloads of musical-minded
spectators commuted from San
Francisco to see the show, commit
tee workers said, including repre
sentatives of the Pacific Musical As
sociation and the San Francisco
Musical Association. Kay Finlay
son, an alumna who teaches dancing
at Modesto Junior College, secured
permission for an entire dancing
class to he excused from school in
order to attend.
Five fortune telling booths were
kept busy all during the affair, ac
cording to Mrs. Wheeler, while co
eds selling lavendar and candy, and
flowers and bright balloons added
to the color of the occasion. The
selling within the booths was car
ried on by members of the Mothers'
Club.
Final financial results will not be
known for some time, club officers
stated. hpcnMPo of tho wiflr* :>ren

in which tickets were sold. Mem
bers of the club expressed appre
ciation to the many students who
participated in the affair, and to
Coach Harry Maloney, who pro
vided student acrobats and tumblers
from the gym.
Because tickets to the Mothers' j
Club Fete were sold all over the
state, hundreds of mothers jour
neyed from'points as far distant as
Sacramento, Napa, and even Los
Angeles to see the spectacle pre
sented yesterday in the Lawrence
Frost Amphitheater, according to
Mrs. Douglas Clark, ticket chair
man.
Between 1300 and 1400 people is
the estimate of the number pres
ent, committee members said, and
the club hopes to clear $1500 when
the proceeds are added up. The
profits were considerably swelled
by fortune telling, flower, balloon,
lavendar, and cake-and-candy con
cessions, which operated actively all
during the afternoon.
A few remaining home-made
cakes and candies will be sold in
front of the Union Cellar this
morning, according to Mrs. Glad
ys Z. Council, in charge of the
food booth.
Special credit for contributing to
the success of the affair goes to
Waldemar Johansen, acording to
Mrs. Raymond Wheeler, benefit
chairman, for .setting up a public
address system in the amphithe
ater.
Present in the receiving line at
the festival were Mrs. Cora Greene
Wilson, retiring president; Mrs.
Robert L. Cody, incoming president;
Mrs. Paul Shoup, Mrs. Herbert Hoo
ver, Mrs. Timothy Hopkins, Mrs.
Thomas Storey, Mrs. J. C. Branner,
Mrs. J. T. Nourse, and Dr. Helen
Pryor.
Two busloads of musical-minded
spectators commuted from San
Francisco to see the show, commit
tee workers said, including repre
sentatives of the Pacific Musical As
sociation and the San Francisco
Musical Association. Kay Finlay
son, an alumna who teaches dancing
at Modesto Junior College, secured
permission for an entire dancing
class to he excused from school in
order to attend.
Five fortune telling booths were
kept busy all during the affair, ac
cording to Mrs. Wheeler, while co
eds selling lavendar and candy, and
flowers and bright balloons added
to the color of the occasion. The
selling within the booths was car
ried on by members of the Mothers'
Club.
Final financial results will not be
known for some time, club officers
stated. hpcnMPo of tho wiflr* :>ren

in which tickets were sold. Mem
bers of the club expressed appre
ciation to the many students who
participated in the affair, and to
Coach Harry Maloney, who pro
vided student acrobats and tumblers
from the gym.
Because tickets to the Mothers' j
Club Fete were sold all over the
state, hundreds of mothers jour
neyed from'points as far distant as
Sacramento, Napa, and even Los
Angeles to see the spectacle pre
sented yesterday in the Lawrence
Frost Amphitheater, according to
Mrs. Douglas Clark, ticket chair
man.
Between 1300 and 1400 people is
the estimate of the number pres
ent, committee members said, and
the club hopes to clear $1500 when
the proceeds are added up. The
profits were considerably swelled
by fortune telling, flower, balloon,
lavendar, and cake-and-candy con
cessions, which operated actively all
during the afternoon.
A few remaining home-made
cakes and candies will be sold in
front of the Union Cellar this
morning, according to Mrs. Glad
ys Z. Council, in charge of the
food booth.
Special credit for contributing to
the success of the affair goes to
Waldemar Johansen, acording to
Mrs. Raymond Wheeler, benefit
chairman, for .setting up a public
address system in the amphithe
ater.
Present in the receiving line at
the festival were Mrs. Cora Greene
Wilson, retiring president; Mrs.
Robert L. Cody, incoming president;
Mrs. Paul Shoup, Mrs. Herbert Hoo
ver, Mrs. Timothy Hopkins, Mrs.
Thomas Storey, Mrs. J. C. Branner,
Mrs. J. T. Nourse, and Dr. Helen
Pryor.
Two busloads of musical-minded
spectators commuted from San
Francisco to see the show, commit
tee workers said, including repre
sentatives of the Pacific Musical As
sociation and the San Francisco
Musical Association. Kay Finlay
son, an alumna who teaches dancing
at Modesto Junior College, secured
permission for an entire dancing
class to he excused from school in
order to attend.
Five fortune telling booths were
kept busy all during the affair, ac
cording to Mrs. Wheeler, while co
eds selling lavendar and candy, and
flowers and bright balloons added
to the color of the occasion. The
selling within the booths was car
ried on by members of the Mothers'
Club.
Final financial results will not be
known for some time, club officers
stated. hpcnMPo of tho wiflr* :>ren

in which tickets were sold. Mem
bers of the club expressed appre
ciation to the many students who
participated in the affair, and to
Coach Harry Maloney, who pro
vided student acrobats and tumblers
from the gym.
Because tickets to the Mothers' j
Club Fete were sold all over the
state, hundreds of mothers jour
neyed from'points as far distant as
Sacramento, Napa, and even Los
Angeles to see the spectacle pre
sented yesterday in the Lawrence
Frost Amphitheater, according to
Mrs. Douglas Clark, ticket chair
man.
Between 1300 and 1400 people is
the estimate of the number pres
ent, committee members said, and
the club hopes to clear $1500 when
the proceeds are added up. The
profits were considerably swelled
by fortune telling, flower, balloon,
lavendar, and cake-and-candy con
cessions, which operated actively all
during the afternoon.
A few remaining home-made
cakes and candies will be sold in
front of the Union Cellar this
morning, according to Mrs. Glad
ys Z. Council, in charge of the
food booth.
Special credit for contributing to
the success of the affair goes to
Waldemar Johansen, acording to
Mrs. Raymond Wheeler, benefit
chairman, for .setting up a public
address system in the amphithe
ater.
Present in the receiving line at
the festival were Mrs. Cora Greene
Wilson, retiring president; Mrs.
Robert L. Cody, incoming president;
Mrs. Paul Shoup, Mrs. Herbert Hoo
ver, Mrs. Timothy Hopkins, Mrs.
Thomas Storey, Mrs. J. C. Branner,
Mrs. J. T. Nourse, and Dr. Helen
Pryor.
Two busloads of musical-minded
spectators commuted from San
Francisco to see the show, commit
tee workers said, including repre
sentatives of the Pacific Musical As
sociation and the San Francisco
Musical Association. Kay Finlay
son, an alumna who teaches dancing
at Modesto Junior College, secured
permission for an entire dancing
class to he excused from school in
order to attend.
Five fortune telling booths were
kept busy all during the affair, ac
cording to Mrs. Wheeler, while co
eds selling lavendar and candy, and
flowers and bright balloons added
to the color of the occasion. The
selling within the booths was car
ried on by members of the Mothers'
Club.
Final financial results will not be
known for some time, club officers
stated. hpcnMPo of tho wiflr* :>ren

in which tickets were sold. Mem
bers of the club expressed appre
ciation to the many students who
participated in the affair, and to
Coach Harry Maloney, who pro
vided student acrobats and tumblers
from the gym.
Because tickets to the Mothers' j
Club Fete were sold all over the
state, hundreds of mothers jour
neyed from'points as far distant as
Sacramento, Napa, and even Los
Angeles to see the spectacle pre
sented yesterday in the Lawrence
Frost Amphitheater, according to
Mrs. Douglas Clark, ticket chair
man.
Between 1300 and 1400 people is
the estimate of the number pres
ent, committee members said, and
the club hopes to clear $1500 when
the proceeds are added up. The
profits were considerably swelled
by fortune telling, flower, balloon,
lavendar, and cake-and-candy con
cessions, which operated actively all
during the afternoon.
A few remaining home-made
cakes and candies will be sold in
front of the Union Cellar this
morning, according to Mrs. Glad
ys Z. Council, in charge of the
food booth.
Special credit for contributing to
the success of the affair goes to
Waldemar Johansen, acording to
Mrs. Raymond Wheeler, benefit
chairman, for .setting up a public
address system in the amphithe
ater.
Present in the receiving line at
the festival were Mrs. Cora Greene
Wilson, retiring president; Mrs.
Robert L. Cody, incoming president;
Mrs. Paul Shoup, Mrs. Herbert Hoo
ver, Mrs. Timothy Hopkins, Mrs.
Thomas Storey, Mrs. J. C. Branner,
Mrs. J. T. Nourse, and Dr. Helen
Pryor.
Two busloads of musical-minded
spectators commuted from San
Francisco to see the show, commit
tee workers said, including repre
sentatives of the Pacific Musical As
sociation and the San Francisco
Musical Association. Kay Finlay
son, an alumna who teaches dancing
at Modesto Junior College, secured
permission for an entire dancing
class to he excused from school in
order to attend.
Five fortune telling booths were
kept busy all during the affair, ac
cording to Mrs. Wheeler, while co
eds selling lavendar and candy, and
flowers and bright balloons added
to the color of the occasion. The
selling within the booths was car
ried on by members of the Mothers'
Club.
Final financial results will not be
known for some time, club officers
stated. hpcnMPo of tho wiflr* :>ren

in which tickets were sold. Mem
bers of the club expressed appre
ciation to the many students who
participated in the affair, and to
Coach Harry Maloney, who pro
vided student acrobats and tumblers
from the gym.
Because tickets to the Mothers' j
Club Fete were sold all over the
state, hundreds of mothers jour
neyed from'points as far distant as
Sacramento, Napa, and even Los
Angeles to see the spectacle pre
sented yesterday in the Lawrence
Frost Amphitheater, according to
Mrs. Douglas Clark, ticket chair
man.
Between 1300 and 1400 people is
the estimate of the number pres
ent, committee members said, and
the club hopes to clear $1500 when
the proceeds are added up. The
profits were considerably swelled
by fortune telling, flower, balloon,
lavendar, and cake-and-candy con
cessions, which operated actively all
during the afternoon.
A few remaining home-made
cakes and candies will be sold in
front of the Union Cellar this
morning, according to Mrs. Glad
ys Z. Council, in charge of the
food booth.
Special credit for contributing to
the success of the affair goes to
Waldemar Johansen, acording to
Mrs. Raymond Wheeler, benefit
chairman, for .setting up a public
address system in the amphithe
ater.
Present in the receiving line at
the festival were Mrs. Cora Greene
Wilson, retiring president; Mrs.
Robert L. Cody, incoming president;
Mrs. Paul Shoup, Mrs. Herbert Hoo
ver, Mrs. Timothy Hopkins, Mrs.
Thomas Storey, Mrs. J. C. Branner,
Mrs. J. T. Nourse, and Dr. Helen
Pryor.
Two busloads of musical-minded
spectators commuted from San
Francisco to see the show, commit
tee workers said, including repre
sentatives of the Pacific Musical As
sociation and the San Francisco
Musical Association. Kay Finlay
son, an alumna who teaches dancing
at Modesto Junior College, secured
permission for an entire dancing
class to he excused from school in
order to attend.
Five fortune telling booths were
kept busy all during the affair, ac
cording to Mrs. Wheeler, while co
eds selling lavendar and candy, and
flowers and bright balloons added
to the color of the occasion. The
selling within the booths was car
ried on by members of the Mothers'
Club.
Final financial results will not be
known for some time, club officers
stated. hpcnMPo of tho wiflr* :>ren

in which tickets were sold. Mem
bers of the club expressed appre
ciation to the many students who
participated in the affair, and to
Coach Harry Maloney, who pro
vided student acrobats and tumblers
from the gym.
Because tickets to the Mothers' j
Club Fete were sold all over the
state, hundreds of mothers jour
neyed from'points as far distant as
Sacramento, Napa, and even Los
Angeles to see the spectacle pre
sented yesterday in the Lawrence
Frost Amphitheater, according to
Mrs. Douglas Clark, ticket chair
man.
Between 1300 and 1400 people is
the estimate of the number pres
ent, committee members said, and
the club hopes to clear $1500 when
the proceeds are added up. The
profits were considerably swelled
by fortune telling, flower, balloon,
lavendar, and cake-and-candy con
cessions, which operated actively all
during the afternoon.
A few remaining home-made
cakes and candies will be sold in
front of the Union Cellar this
morning, according to Mrs. Glad
ys Z. Council, in charge of the
food booth.
Special credit for contributing to
the success of the affair goes to
Waldemar Johansen, acording to
Mrs. Raymond Wheeler, benefit
chairman, for .setting up a public
address system in the amphithe
ater.
Present in the receiving line at
the festival were Mrs. Cora Greene
Wilson, retiring president; Mrs.
Robert L. Cody, incoming president;
Mrs. Paul Shoup, Mrs. Herbert Hoo
ver, Mrs. Timothy Hopkins, Mrs.
Thomas Storey, Mrs. J. C. Branner,
Mrs. J. T. Nourse, and Dr. Helen
Pryor.
Two busloads of musical-minded
spectators commuted from San
Francisco to see the show, commit
tee workers said, including repre
sentatives of the Pacific Musical As
sociation and the San Francisco
Musical Association. Kay Finlay
son, an alumna who teaches dancing
at Modesto Junior College, secured
permission for an entire dancing
class to he excused from school in
order to attend.
Five fortune telling booths were
kept busy all during the affair, ac
cording to Mrs. Wheeler, while co
eds selling lavendar and candy, and
flowers and bright balloons added
to the color of the occasion. The
selling within the booths was car
ried on by members of the Mothers'
Club.
Final financial results will not be
known for some time, club officers
stated. hpcnMPo of tho wiflr* :>ren

in which tickets were sold. Mem
bers of the club expressed appre
ciation to the many students who
participated in the affair, and to
Coach Harry Maloney, who pro
vided student acrobats and tumblers
from the gym.
Because tickets to the Mothers' j
Club Fete were sold all over the
state, hundreds of mothers jour
neyed from'points as far distant as
Sacramento, Napa, and even Los
Angeles to see the spectacle pre
sented yesterday in the Lawrence
Frost Amphitheater, according to
Mrs. Douglas Clark, ticket chair
man.
Between 1300 and 1400 people is
the estimate of the number pres
ent, committee members said, and
the club hopes to clear $1500 when
the proceeds are added up. The
profits were considerably swelled
by fortune telling, flower, balloon,
lavendar, and cake-and-candy con
cessions, which operated actively all
during the afternoon.
A few remaining home-made
cakes and candies will be sold in
front of the Union Cellar this
morning, according to Mrs. Glad
ys Z. Council, in charge of the
food booth.
Special credit for contributing to
the success of the affair goes to
Waldemar Johansen, acording to
Mrs. Raymond Wheeler, benefit
chairman, for .setting up a public
address system in the amphithe
ater.
Present in the receiving line at
the festival were Mrs. Cora Greene
Wilson, retiring president; Mrs.
Robert L. Cody, incoming president;
Mrs. Paul Shoup, Mrs. Herbert Hoo
ver, Mrs. Timothy Hopkins, Mrs.
Thomas Storey, Mrs. J. C. Branner,
Mrs. J. T. Nourse, and Dr. Helen
Pryor.
Two busloads of musical-minded
spectators commuted from San
Francisco to see the show, commit
tee workers said, including repre
sentatives of the Pacific Musical As
sociation and the San Francisco
Musical Association. Kay Finlay
son, an alumna who teaches dancing
at Modesto Junior College, secured
permission for an entire dancing
class to he excused from school in
order to attend.
Five fortune telling booths were
kept busy all during the affair, ac
cording to Mrs. Wheeler, while co
eds selling lavendar and candy, and
flowers and bright balloons added
to the color of the occasion. The
selling within the booths was car
ried on by members of the Mothers'
Club.
Final financial results will not be
known for some time, club officers
stated. hpcnMPo of tho wiflr* :>ren

in which tickets were sold. Mem
bers of the club expressed appre
ciation to the many students who
participated in the affair, and to
Coach Harry Maloney, who pro
vided student acrobats and tumblers
from the gym.
Because tickets to the Mothers' j
Club Fete were sold all over the
state, hundreds of mothers jour
neyed from'points as far distant as
Sacramento, Napa, and even Los
Angeles to see the spectacle pre
sented yesterday in the Lawrence
Frost Amphitheater, according to
Mrs. Douglas Clark, ticket chair
man.
Between 1300 and 1400 people is
the estimate of the number pres
ent, committee members said, and
the club hopes to clear $1500 when
the proceeds are added up. The
profits were considerably swelled
by fortune telling, flower, balloon,
lavendar, and cake-and-candy con
cessions, which operated actively all
during the afternoon.
A few remaining home-made
cakes and candies will be sold in
front of the Union Cellar this
morning, according to Mrs. Glad
ys Z. Council, in charge of the
food booth.
Special credit for contributing to
the success of the affair goes to
Waldemar Johansen, acording to
Mrs. Raymond Wheeler, benefit
chairman, for .setting up a public
address system in the amphithe
ater.
Present in the receiving line at
the festival were Mrs. Cora Greene
Wilson, retiring president; Mrs.
Robert L. Cody, incoming president;
Mrs. Paul Shoup, Mrs. Herbert Hoo
ver, Mrs. Timothy Hopkins, Mrs.
Thomas Storey, Mrs. J. C. Branner,
Mrs. J. T. Nourse, and Dr. Helen
Pryor.
Two busloads of musical-minded
spectators commuted from San
Francisco to see the show, commit
tee workers said, including repre
sentatives of the Pacific Musical As
sociation and the San Francisco
Musical Association. Kay Finlay
son, an alumna who teaches dancing
at Modesto Junior College, secured
permission for an entire dancing
class to he excused from school in
order to attend.
Five fortune telling booths were
kept busy all during the affair, ac
cording to Mrs. Wheeler, while co
eds selling lavendar and candy, and
flowers and bright balloons added
to the color of the occasion. The
selling within the booths was car
ried on by members of the Mothers'
Club.
Final financial results will not be
known for some time, club officers
stated. hpcnMPo of tho wiflr* :>ren

in which tickets were sold. Mem
bers of the club expressed appre
ciation to the many students who
participated in the affair, and to
Coach Harry Maloney, who pro
vided student acrobats and tumblers
from the gym.
Because tickets to the Mothers' j
Club Fete were sold all over the
state, hundreds of mothers jour
neyed from'points as far distant as
Sacramento, Napa, and even Los
Angeles to see the spectacle pre
sented yesterday in the Lawrence
Frost Amphitheater, according to
Mrs. Douglas Clark, ticket chair
man.
Between 1300 and 1400 people is
the estimate of the number pres
ent, committee members said, and
the club hopes to clear $1500 when
the proceeds are added up. The
profits were considerably swelled
by fortune telling, flower, balloon,
lavendar, and cake-and-candy con
cessions, which operated actively all
during the afternoon.
A few remaining home-made
cakes and candies will be sold in
front of the Union Cellar this
morning, according to Mrs. Glad
ys Z. Council, in charge of the
food booth.
Special credit for contributing to
the success of the affair goes to
Waldemar Johansen, acording to
Mrs. Raymond Wheeler, benefit
chairman, for .setting up a public
address system in the amphithe
ater.
Present in the receiving line at
the festival were Mrs. Cora Greene
Wilson, retiring president; Mrs.
Robert L. Cody, incoming president;
Mrs. Paul Shoup, Mrs. Herbert Hoo
ver, Mrs. Timothy Hopkins, Mrs.
Thomas Storey, Mrs. J. C. Branner,
Mrs. J. T. Nourse, and Dr. Helen
Pryor.
Two busloads of musical-minded
spectators commuted from San
Francisco to see the show, commit
tee workers said, including repre
sentatives of the Pacific Musical As
sociation and the San Francisco
Musical Association. Kay Finlay
son, an alumna who teaches dancing
at Modesto Junior College, secured
permission for an entire dancing
class to he excused from school in
order to attend.
Five fortune telling booths were
kept busy all during the affair, ac
cording to Mrs. Wheeler, while co
eds selling lavendar and candy, and
flowers and bright balloons added
to the color of the occasion. The
selling within the booths was car
ried on by members of the Mothers'
Club.
Final financial results will not be
known for some time, club officers
stated. hpcnMPo of tho wiflr* :>ren

in which tickets were sold. Mem
bers of the club expressed appre
ciation to the many students who
participated in the affair, and to
Coach Harry Maloney, who pro
vided student acrobats and tumblers
from the gym.
Because tickets to the Mothers' j
Club Fete were sold all over the
state, hundreds of mothers jour
neyed from'points as far distant as
Sacramento, Napa, and even Los
Angeles to see the spectacle pre
sented yesterday in the Lawrence
Frost Amphitheater, according to
Mrs. Douglas Clark, ticket chair
man.
Between 1300 and 1400 people is
the estimate of the number pres
ent, committee members said, and
the club hopes to clear $1500 when
the proceeds are added up. The
profits were considerably swelled
by fortune telling, flower, balloon,
lavendar, and cake-and-candy con
cessions, which operated actively all
during the afternoon.
A few remaining home-made
cakes and candies will be sold in
front of the Union Cellar this
morning, according to Mrs. Glad
ys Z. Council, in charge of the
food booth.
Special credit for contributing to
the success of the affair goes to
Waldemar Johansen, acording to
Mrs. Raymond Wheeler, benefit
chairman, for .setting up a public
address system in the amphithe
ater.
Present in the receiving line at
the festival were Mrs. Cora Greene
Wilson, retiring president; Mrs.
Robert L. Cody, incoming president;
Mrs. Paul Shoup, Mrs. Herbert Hoo
ver, Mrs. Timothy Hopkins, Mrs.
Thomas Storey, Mrs. J. C. Branner,
Mrs. J. T. Nourse, and Dr. Helen
Pryor.
Two busloads of musical-minded
spectators commuted from San
Francisco to see the show, commit
tee workers said, including repre
sentatives of the Pacific Musical As
sociation and the San Francisco
Musical Association. Kay Finlay
son, an alumna who teaches dancing
at Modesto Junior College, secured
permission for an entire dancing
class to he excused from school in
order to attend.
Five fortune telling booths were
kept busy all during the affair, ac
cording to Mrs. Wheeler, while co
eds selling lavendar and candy, and
flowers and bright balloons added
to the color of the occasion. The
selling within the booths was car
ried on by members of the Mothers'
Club.
Final financial results will not be
known for some time, club officers
stated. hpcnMPo of tho wiflr* :>ren

in which tickets were sold. Mem
bers of the club expressed appre
ciation to the many students who
participated in the affair, and to
Coach Harry Maloney, who pro
vided student acrobats and tumblers
from the gym.
