# Essay Prize Won By Barbara Curtis
## 
### 
Writing on the subject, "George
Mason, Statesman, Rebel, Public
Servant," Barbara Jocelyn Curtis,
Stanford junior, was declared win
ner of the $100 essay contest spon
sored annually by the California
Chapter of the Society of Colonial
Dames of America.
All essays were written this year
on some phase of the life of George
Mason, early American patriot. The
contest ended May 1 and the win
ner was announced this week.
Writing on the subject, "George
Mason, Statesman, Rebel, Public
Servant," Barbara Jocelyn Curtis,
Stanford junior, was declared win
ner of the $100 essay contest spon
sored annually by the California
Chapter of the Society of Colonial
Dames of America.
All essays were written this year
on some phase of the life of George
Mason, early American patriot. The
contest ended May 1 and the win
ner was announced this week.
Writing on the subject, "George
Mason, Statesman, Rebel, Public
Servant," Barbara Jocelyn Curtis,
Stanford junior, was declared win
ner of the $100 essay contest spon
sored annually by the California
Chapter of the Society of Colonial
Dames of America.
All essays were written this year
on some phase of the life of George
Mason, early American patriot. The
contest ended May 1 and the win
ner was announced this week.
Writing on the subject, "George
Mason, Statesman, Rebel, Public
Servant," Barbara Jocelyn Curtis,
Stanford junior, was declared win
ner of the $100 essay contest spon
sored annually by the California
Chapter of the Society of Colonial
Dames of America.
All essays were written this year
on some phase of the life of George
Mason, early American patriot. The
contest ended May 1 and the win
ner was announced this week.
Writing on the subject, "George
Mason, Statesman, Rebel, Public
Servant," Barbara Jocelyn Curtis,
Stanford junior, was declared win
ner of the $100 essay contest spon
sored annually by the California
Chapter of the Society of Colonial
Dames of America.
All essays were written this year
on some phase of the life of George
Mason, early American patriot. The
contest ended May 1 and the win
ner was announced this week.
Writing on the subject, "George
Mason, Statesman, Rebel, Public
Servant," Barbara Jocelyn Curtis,
Stanford junior, was declared win
ner of the $100 essay contest spon
sored annually by the California
Chapter of the Society of Colonial
Dames of America.
All essays were written this year
on some phase of the life of George
Mason, early American patriot. The
contest ended May 1 and the win
ner was announced this week.
Writing on the subject, "George
Mason, Statesman, Rebel, Public
Servant," Barbara Jocelyn Curtis,
Stanford junior, was declared win
ner of the $100 essay contest spon
sored annually by the California
Chapter of the Society of Colonial
Dames of America.
All essays were written this year
on some phase of the life of George
Mason, early American patriot. The
contest ended May 1 and the win
ner was announced this week.
Writing on the subject, "George
Mason, Statesman, Rebel, Public
Servant," Barbara Jocelyn Curtis,
Stanford junior, was declared win
ner of the $100 essay contest spon
sored annually by the California
Chapter of the Society of Colonial
Dames of America.
All essays were written this year
on some phase of the life of George
Mason, early American patriot. The
contest ended May 1 and the win
ner was announced this week.
Writing on the subject, "George
Mason, Statesman, Rebel, Public
Servant," Barbara Jocelyn Curtis,
Stanford junior, was declared win
ner of the $100 essay contest spon
sored annually by the California
Chapter of the Society of Colonial
Dames of America.
All essays were written this year
on some phase of the life of George
Mason, early American patriot. The
contest ended May 1 and the win
ner was announced this week.
Writing on the subject, "George
Mason, Statesman, Rebel, Public
Servant," Barbara Jocelyn Curtis,
Stanford junior, was declared win
ner of the $100 essay contest spon
sored annually by the California
Chapter of the Society of Colonial
Dames of America.
All essays were written this year
on some phase of the life of George
Mason, early American patriot. The
contest ended May 1 and the win
ner was announced this week.
Writing on the subject, "George
Mason, Statesman, Rebel, Public
Servant," Barbara Jocelyn Curtis,
Stanford junior, was declared win
ner of the $100 essay contest spon
sored annually by the California
Chapter of the Society of Colonial
Dames of America.
All essays were written this year
on some phase of the life of George
Mason, early American patriot. The
contest ended May 1 and the win
ner was announced this week.
Writing on the subject, "George
Mason, Statesman, Rebel, Public
Servant," Barbara Jocelyn Curtis,
Stanford junior, was declared win
ner of the $100 essay contest spon
sored annually by the California
Chapter of the Society of Colonial
Dames of America.
All essays were written this year
on some phase of the life of George
Mason, early American patriot. The
contest ended May 1 and the win
ner was announced this week.
Writing on the subject, "George
Mason, Statesman, Rebel, Public
Servant," Barbara Jocelyn Curtis,
Stanford junior, was declared win
ner of the $100 essay contest spon
sored annually by the California
Chapter of the Society of Colonial
Dames of America.
All essays were written this year
on some phase of the life of George
Mason, early American patriot. The
contest ended May 1 and the win
ner was announced this week.
Writing on the subject, "George
Mason, Statesman, Rebel, Public
Servant," Barbara Jocelyn Curtis,
Stanford junior, was declared win
ner of the $100 essay contest spon
sored annually by the California
Chapter of the Society of Colonial
Dames of America.
All essays were written this year
on some phase of the life of George
Mason, early American patriot. The
contest ended May 1 and the win
ner was announced this week.
Writing on the subject, "George
Mason, Statesman, Rebel, Public
Servant," Barbara Jocelyn Curtis,
Stanford junior, was declared win
ner of the $100 essay contest spon
sored annually by the California
Chapter of the Society of Colonial
Dames of America.
All essays were written this year
on some phase of the life of George
Mason, early American patriot. The
contest ended May 1 and the win
ner was announced this week.
