# Poll Blames Officials For Tech's Loss
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Oct. 25 (UP).—Car
negie Tech, beaten by Notre Dame
Saturday, was the victim of a cruel
break which the Tartans never
should have had to take, in the
opinion of Eastern football coaches,
officials -and writers polled today by
the United Press.
With the score 0-0 in the fourth
period, Tech had the ball on its own
46 - yard line when Quarterback
Friedlander asked Referee John
Getchell the down and distance.
Getchell replied, "Third down and
one yard to go."
Acting on the referee's authority,
Friedlander called a running play
and tried to gain the needed yard.
The play resulted in a fumble but
Tech recovered still a yard short of
a first down. Then the referee gave
the ball to Noire Dame, telling the
Tech players he had blundered in
advising the Tartan quarterback it
was third down when it was actually
fourth down.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25 (UP).—Car
negie Tech, beaten by Notre Dame
Saturday, was the victim of a cruel
break which the Tartans never
should have had to take, in the
opinion of Eastern football coaches,
officials -and writers polled today by
the United Press.
With the score 0-0 in the fourth
period, Tech had the ball on its own
46 - yard line when Quarterback
Friedlander asked Referee John
Getchell the down and distance.
Getchell replied, "Third down and
one yard to go."
Acting on the referee's authority,
Friedlander called a running play
and tried to gain the needed yard.
The play resulted in a fumble but
Tech recovered still a yard short of
a first down. Then the referee gave
the ball to Noire Dame, telling the
Tech players he had blundered in
advising the Tartan quarterback it
was third down when it was actually
fourth down.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25 (UP).—Car
negie Tech, beaten by Notre Dame
Saturday, was the victim of a cruel
break which the Tartans never
should have had to take, in the
opinion of Eastern football coaches,
officials -and writers polled today by
the United Press.
With the score 0-0 in the fourth
period, Tech had the ball on its own
46 - yard line when Quarterback
Friedlander asked Referee John
Getchell the down and distance.
Getchell replied, "Third down and
one yard to go."
Acting on the referee's authority,
Friedlander called a running play
and tried to gain the needed yard.
The play resulted in a fumble but
Tech recovered still a yard short of
a first down. Then the referee gave
the ball to Noire Dame, telling the
Tech players he had blundered in
advising the Tartan quarterback it
was third down when it was actually
fourth down.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25 (UP).—Car
negie Tech, beaten by Notre Dame
Saturday, was the victim of a cruel
break which the Tartans never
should have had to take, in the
opinion of Eastern football coaches,
officials -and writers polled today by
the United Press.
With the score 0-0 in the fourth
period, Tech had the ball on its own
46 - yard line when Quarterback
Friedlander asked Referee John
Getchell the down and distance.
Getchell replied, "Third down and
one yard to go."
Acting on the referee's authority,
Friedlander called a running play
and tried to gain the needed yard.
The play resulted in a fumble but
Tech recovered still a yard short of
a first down. Then the referee gave
the ball to Noire Dame, telling the
Tech players he had blundered in
advising the Tartan quarterback it
was third down when it was actually
fourth down.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25 (UP).—Car
negie Tech, beaten by Notre Dame
Saturday, was the victim of a cruel
break which the Tartans never
should have had to take, in the
opinion of Eastern football coaches,
officials -and writers polled today by
the United Press.
With the score 0-0 in the fourth
period, Tech had the ball on its own
46 - yard line when Quarterback
Friedlander asked Referee John
Getchell the down and distance.
Getchell replied, "Third down and
one yard to go."
Acting on the referee's authority,
Friedlander called a running play
and tried to gain the needed yard.
The play resulted in a fumble but
Tech recovered still a yard short of
a first down. Then the referee gave
the ball to Noire Dame, telling the
Tech players he had blundered in
advising the Tartan quarterback it
was third down when it was actually
fourth down.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25 (UP).—Car
negie Tech, beaten by Notre Dame
Saturday, was the victim of a cruel
break which the Tartans never
should have had to take, in the
opinion of Eastern football coaches,
officials -and writers polled today by
the United Press.
With the score 0-0 in the fourth
period, Tech had the ball on its own
46 - yard line when Quarterback
Friedlander asked Referee John
Getchell the down and distance.
Getchell replied, "Third down and
one yard to go."
Acting on the referee's authority,
Friedlander called a running play
and tried to gain the needed yard.
The play resulted in a fumble but
Tech recovered still a yard short of
a first down. Then the referee gave
the ball to Noire Dame, telling the
Tech players he had blundered in
advising the Tartan quarterback it
was third down when it was actually
fourth down.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25 (UP).—Car
negie Tech, beaten by Notre Dame
Saturday, was the victim of a cruel
break which the Tartans never
should have had to take, in the
opinion of Eastern football coaches,
officials -and writers polled today by
the United Press.
With the score 0-0 in the fourth
period, Tech had the ball on its own
46 - yard line when Quarterback
Friedlander asked Referee John
Getchell the down and distance.
Getchell replied, "Third down and
one yard to go."
Acting on the referee's authority,
Friedlander called a running play
and tried to gain the needed yard.
The play resulted in a fumble but
Tech recovered still a yard short of
a first down. Then the referee gave
the ball to Noire Dame, telling the
Tech players he had blundered in
advising the Tartan quarterback it
was third down when it was actually
fourth down.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25 (UP).—Car
negie Tech, beaten by Notre Dame
Saturday, was the victim of a cruel
break which the Tartans never
should have had to take, in the
opinion of Eastern football coaches,
officials -and writers polled today by
the United Press.
With the score 0-0 in the fourth
period, Tech had the ball on its own
46 - yard line when Quarterback
Friedlander asked Referee John
Getchell the down and distance.
Getchell replied, "Third down and
one yard to go."
Acting on the referee's authority,
Friedlander called a running play
and tried to gain the needed yard.
The play resulted in a fumble but
Tech recovered still a yard short of
a first down. Then the referee gave
the ball to Noire Dame, telling the
Tech players he had blundered in
advising the Tartan quarterback it
was third down when it was actually
fourth down.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25 (UP).—Car
negie Tech, beaten by Notre Dame
Saturday, was the victim of a cruel
break which the Tartans never
should have had to take, in the
opinion of Eastern football coaches,
officials -and writers polled today by
the United Press.
With the score 0-0 in the fourth
period, Tech had the ball on its own
46 - yard line when Quarterback
Friedlander asked Referee John
Getchell the down and distance.
Getchell replied, "Third down and
one yard to go."
Acting on the referee's authority,
Friedlander called a running play
and tried to gain the needed yard.
The play resulted in a fumble but
Tech recovered still a yard short of
a first down. Then the referee gave
the ball to Noire Dame, telling the
Tech players he had blundered in
advising the Tartan quarterback it
was third down when it was actually
fourth down.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25 (UP).—Car
negie Tech, beaten by Notre Dame
Saturday, was the victim of a cruel
break which the Tartans never
should have had to take, in the
opinion of Eastern football coaches,
officials -and writers polled today by
the United Press.
With the score 0-0 in the fourth
period, Tech had the ball on its own
46 - yard line when Quarterback
Friedlander asked Referee John
Getchell the down and distance.
Getchell replied, "Third down and
one yard to go."
Acting on the referee's authority,
Friedlander called a running play
and tried to gain the needed yard.
The play resulted in a fumble but
Tech recovered still a yard short of
a first down. Then the referee gave
the ball to Noire Dame, telling the
Tech players he had blundered in
advising the Tartan quarterback it
was third down when it was actually
fourth down.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25 (UP).—Car
negie Tech, beaten by Notre Dame
Saturday, was the victim of a cruel
break which the Tartans never
should have had to take, in the
opinion of Eastern football coaches,
officials -and writers polled today by
the United Press.
With the score 0-0 in the fourth
period, Tech had the ball on its own
46 - yard line when Quarterback
Friedlander asked Referee John
Getchell the down and distance.
Getchell replied, "Third down and
one yard to go."
Acting on the referee's authority,
Friedlander called a running play
and tried to gain the needed yard.
The play resulted in a fumble but
Tech recovered still a yard short of
a first down. Then the referee gave
the ball to Noire Dame, telling the
Tech players he had blundered in
advising the Tartan quarterback it
was third down when it was actually
fourth down.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25 (UP).—Car
negie Tech, beaten by Notre Dame
Saturday, was the victim of a cruel
break which the Tartans never
should have had to take, in the
opinion of Eastern football coaches,
officials -and writers polled today by
the United Press.
With the score 0-0 in the fourth
period, Tech had the ball on its own
46 - yard line when Quarterback
Friedlander asked Referee John
Getchell the down and distance.
Getchell replied, "Third down and
one yard to go."
Acting on the referee's authority,
Friedlander called a running play
and tried to gain the needed yard.
The play resulted in a fumble but
Tech recovered still a yard short of
a first down. Then the referee gave
the ball to Noire Dame, telling the
Tech players he had blundered in
advising the Tartan quarterback it
was third down when it was actually
fourth down.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25 (UP).—Car
negie Tech, beaten by Notre Dame
Saturday, was the victim of a cruel
break which the Tartans never
should have had to take, in the
opinion of Eastern football coaches,
officials -and writers polled today by
the United Press.
With the score 0-0 in the fourth
period, Tech had the ball on its own
46 - yard line when Quarterback
Friedlander asked Referee John
Getchell the down and distance.
Getchell replied, "Third down and
one yard to go."
Acting on the referee's authority,
Friedlander called a running play
and tried to gain the needed yard.
The play resulted in a fumble but
Tech recovered still a yard short of
a first down. Then the referee gave
the ball to Noire Dame, telling the
Tech players he had blundered in
advising the Tartan quarterback it
was third down when it was actually
fourth down.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25 (UP).—Car
negie Tech, beaten by Notre Dame
Saturday, was the victim of a cruel
break which the Tartans never
should have had to take, in the
opinion of Eastern football coaches,
officials -and writers polled today by
the United Press.
With the score 0-0 in the fourth
period, Tech had the ball on its own
46 - yard line when Quarterback
Friedlander asked Referee John
Getchell the down and distance.
Getchell replied, "Third down and
one yard to go."
Acting on the referee's authority,
Friedlander called a running play
and tried to gain the needed yard.
The play resulted in a fumble but
Tech recovered still a yard short of
a first down. Then the referee gave
the ball to Noire Dame, telling the
Tech players he had blundered in
advising the Tartan quarterback it
was third down when it was actually
fourth down.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25 (UP).—Car
negie Tech, beaten by Notre Dame
Saturday, was the victim of a cruel
break which the Tartans never
should have had to take, in the
opinion of Eastern football coaches,
officials -and writers polled today by
the United Press.
With the score 0-0 in the fourth
period, Tech had the ball on its own
46 - yard line when Quarterback
Friedlander asked Referee John
Getchell the down and distance.
Getchell replied, "Third down and
one yard to go."
Acting on the referee's authority,
Friedlander called a running play
and tried to gain the needed yard.
The play resulted in a fumble but
Tech recovered still a yard short of
a first down. Then the referee gave
the ball to Noire Dame, telling the
Tech players he had blundered in
advising the Tartan quarterback it
was third down when it was actually
fourth down.
