# Card Band To Go South On Special
## 
### 
"Stanford's band, 96 strong, will
provide half-time entertainment for
the spectators at the U.C.L.A. game
next Saturday in the Los Angeles
Coliseum," Manager Ed York an
nounced today.
The band will leave by a student
special train at 7:30 o'clock Friday
evening and will arrive in Los An
geles at 8 o'clock Saturday morn
ing. Upon arrival the band members
will go to the Coliseum, where they
will practice formations for three
hours.
If the Indians defeat. U.C.L.A., the
Stanford band is slated to present an
hour of college music at the Los An
geles Biltmore Bowl Saturday ni?ht.
It was also *; vr.ounucd that the
band will provide music at the
send-off rally tomorrow night at 9
o'clock at the station.
"Stanford's band, 96 strong, will
provide half-time entertainment for
the spectators at the U.C.L.A. game
next Saturday in the Los Angeles
Coliseum," Manager Ed York an
nounced today.
The band will leave by a student
special train at 7:30 o'clock Friday
evening and will arrive in Los An
geles at 8 o'clock Saturday morn
ing. Upon arrival the band members
will go to the Coliseum, where they
will practice formations for three
hours.
If the Indians defeat. U.C.L.A., the
Stanford band is slated to present an
hour of college music at the Los An
geles Biltmore Bowl Saturday ni?ht.
It was also *; vr.ounucd that the
band will provide music at the
send-off rally tomorrow night at 9
o'clock at the station.
"Stanford's band, 96 strong, will
provide half-time entertainment for
the spectators at the U.C.L.A. game
next Saturday in the Los Angeles
Coliseum," Manager Ed York an
nounced today.
The band will leave by a student
special train at 7:30 o'clock Friday
evening and will arrive in Los An
geles at 8 o'clock Saturday morn
ing. Upon arrival the band members
will go to the Coliseum, where they
will practice formations for three
hours.
If the Indians defeat. U.C.L.A., the
Stanford band is slated to present an
hour of college music at the Los An
geles Biltmore Bowl Saturday ni?ht.
It was also *; vr.ounucd that the
band will provide music at the
send-off rally tomorrow night at 9
o'clock at the station.
"Stanford's band, 96 strong, will
provide half-time entertainment for
the spectators at the U.C.L.A. game
next Saturday in the Los Angeles
Coliseum," Manager Ed York an
nounced today.
The band will leave by a student
special train at 7:30 o'clock Friday
evening and will arrive in Los An
geles at 8 o'clock Saturday morn
ing. Upon arrival the band members
will go to the Coliseum, where they
will practice formations for three
hours.
If the Indians defeat. U.C.L.A., the
Stanford band is slated to present an
hour of college music at the Los An
geles Biltmore Bowl Saturday ni?ht.
It was also *; vr.ounucd that the
band will provide music at the
send-off rally tomorrow night at 9
o'clock at the station.
"Stanford's band, 96 strong, will
provide half-time entertainment for
the spectators at the U.C.L.A. game
next Saturday in the Los Angeles
Coliseum," Manager Ed York an
nounced today.
The band will leave by a student
special train at 7:30 o'clock Friday
evening and will arrive in Los An
geles at 8 o'clock Saturday morn
ing. Upon arrival the band members
will go to the Coliseum, where they
will practice formations for three
hours.
If the Indians defeat. U.C.L.A., the
Stanford band is slated to present an
hour of college music at the Los An
geles Biltmore Bowl Saturday ni?ht.
It was also *; vr.ounucd that the
band will provide music at the
send-off rally tomorrow night at 9
o'clock at the station.
"Stanford's band, 96 strong, will
provide half-time entertainment for
the spectators at the U.C.L.A. game
next Saturday in the Los Angeles
Coliseum," Manager Ed York an
nounced today.
The band will leave by a student
special train at 7:30 o'clock Friday
evening and will arrive in Los An
geles at 8 o'clock Saturday morn
ing. Upon arrival the band members
will go to the Coliseum, where they
will practice formations for three
hours.
If the Indians defeat. U.C.L.A., the
Stanford band is slated to present an
hour of college music at the Los An
geles Biltmore Bowl Saturday ni?ht.
It was also *; vr.ounucd that the
band will provide music at the
send-off rally tomorrow night at 9
o'clock at the station.
"Stanford's band, 96 strong, will
provide half-time entertainment for
the spectators at the U.C.L.A. game
next Saturday in the Los Angeles
Coliseum," Manager Ed York an
nounced today.
The band will leave by a student
special train at 7:30 o'clock Friday
evening and will arrive in Los An
geles at 8 o'clock Saturday morn
ing. Upon arrival the band members
will go to the Coliseum, where they
will practice formations for three
hours.
If the Indians defeat. U.C.L.A., the
Stanford band is slated to present an
hour of college music at the Los An
geles Biltmore Bowl Saturday ni?ht.
It was also *; vr.ounucd that the
band will provide music at the
send-off rally tomorrow night at 9
o'clock at the station.
"Stanford's band, 96 strong, will
provide half-time entertainment for
the spectators at the U.C.L.A. game
next Saturday in the Los Angeles
Coliseum," Manager Ed York an
nounced today.
The band will leave by a student
special train at 7:30 o'clock Friday
evening and will arrive in Los An
geles at 8 o'clock Saturday morn
ing. Upon arrival the band members
will go to the Coliseum, where they
will practice formations for three
hours.
If the Indians defeat. U.C.L.A., the
Stanford band is slated to present an
hour of college music at the Los An
geles Biltmore Bowl Saturday ni?ht.
It was also *; vr.ounucd that the
band will provide music at the
send-off rally tomorrow night at 9
o'clock at the station.
"Stanford's band, 96 strong, will
provide half-time entertainment for
the spectators at the U.C.L.A. game
next Saturday in the Los Angeles
Coliseum," Manager Ed York an
nounced today.
The band will leave by a student
special train at 7:30 o'clock Friday
evening and will arrive in Los An
geles at 8 o'clock Saturday morn
ing. Upon arrival the band members
will go to the Coliseum, where they
will practice formations for three
hours.
If the Indians defeat. U.C.L.A., the
Stanford band is slated to present an
hour of college music at the Los An
geles Biltmore Bowl Saturday ni?ht.
It was also *; vr.ounucd that the
band will provide music at the
send-off rally tomorrow night at 9
o'clock at the station.
"Stanford's band, 96 strong, will
provide half-time entertainment for
the spectators at the U.C.L.A. game
next Saturday in the Los Angeles
Coliseum," Manager Ed York an
nounced today.
The band will leave by a student
special train at 7:30 o'clock Friday
evening and will arrive in Los An
geles at 8 o'clock Saturday morn
ing. Upon arrival the band members
will go to the Coliseum, where they
will practice formations for three
hours.
If the Indians defeat. U.C.L.A., the
Stanford band is slated to present an
hour of college music at the Los An
geles Biltmore Bowl Saturday ni?ht.
It was also *; vr.ounucd that the
band will provide music at the
send-off rally tomorrow night at 9
o'clock at the station.
"Stanford's band, 96 strong, will
provide half-time entertainment for
the spectators at the U.C.L.A. game
next Saturday in the Los Angeles
Coliseum," Manager Ed York an
nounced today.
The band will leave by a student
special train at 7:30 o'clock Friday
evening and will arrive in Los An
geles at 8 o'clock Saturday morn
ing. Upon arrival the band members
will go to the Coliseum, where they
will practice formations for three
hours.
If the Indians defeat. U.C.L.A., the
Stanford band is slated to present an
hour of college music at the Los An
geles Biltmore Bowl Saturday ni?ht.
It was also *; vr.ounucd that the
band will provide music at the
send-off rally tomorrow night at 9
o'clock at the station.
"Stanford's band, 96 strong, will
provide half-time entertainment for
the spectators at the U.C.L.A. game
next Saturday in the Los Angeles
Coliseum," Manager Ed York an
nounced today.
The band will leave by a student
special train at 7:30 o'clock Friday
evening and will arrive in Los An
geles at 8 o'clock Saturday morn
ing. Upon arrival the band members
will go to the Coliseum, where they
will practice formations for three
hours.
If the Indians defeat. U.C.L.A., the
Stanford band is slated to present an
hour of college music at the Los An
geles Biltmore Bowl Saturday ni?ht.
It was also *; vr.ounucd that the
band will provide music at the
send-off rally tomorrow night at 9
o'clock at the station.
"Stanford's band, 96 strong, will
provide half-time entertainment for
the spectators at the U.C.L.A. game
next Saturday in the Los Angeles
Coliseum," Manager Ed York an
nounced today.
The band will leave by a student
special train at 7:30 o'clock Friday
evening and will arrive in Los An
geles at 8 o'clock Saturday morn
ing. Upon arrival the band members
will go to the Coliseum, where they
will practice formations for three
hours.
If the Indians defeat. U.C.L.A., the
Stanford band is slated to present an
hour of college music at the Los An
geles Biltmore Bowl Saturday ni?ht.
It was also *; vr.ounucd that the
band will provide music at the
send-off rally tomorrow night at 9
o'clock at the station.
"Stanford's band, 96 strong, will
provide half-time entertainment for
the spectators at the U.C.L.A. game
next Saturday in the Los Angeles
Coliseum," Manager Ed York an
nounced today.
The band will leave by a student
special train at 7:30 o'clock Friday
evening and will arrive in Los An
geles at 8 o'clock Saturday morn
ing. Upon arrival the band members
will go to the Coliseum, where they
will practice formations for three
hours.
If the Indians defeat. U.C.L.A., the
Stanford band is slated to present an
hour of college music at the Los An
geles Biltmore Bowl Saturday ni?ht.
It was also *; vr.ounucd that the
band will provide music at the
send-off rally tomorrow night at 9
o'clock at the station.
"Stanford's band, 96 strong, will
provide half-time entertainment for
the spectators at the U.C.L.A. game
next Saturday in the Los Angeles
Coliseum," Manager Ed York an
nounced today.
The band will leave by a student
special train at 7:30 o'clock Friday
evening and will arrive in Los An
geles at 8 o'clock Saturday morn
ing. Upon arrival the band members
will go to the Coliseum, where they
will practice formations for three
hours.
If the Indians defeat. U.C.L.A., the
Stanford band is slated to present an
hour of college music at the Los An
geles Biltmore Bowl Saturday ni?ht.
It was also *; vr.ounucd that the
band will provide music at the
send-off rally tomorrow night at 9
o'clock at the station.
