# Wild Strauss Opera Thrills S. F. Audience
## 
### 
"ELEKTRA" by Richard Strauss, |
to be repeated at the San Fran- !
cisco Opera House Sunday after- ;
noon at 3 o'clock.
Strauss' "Elektra" is like a great |
experiment in psychology; for 981
minutes, without intermission, it ex
poses with shocking reality what the
pre-Freudians called the soul of a
woman.
MASTERFUL SCORE
But this is a woman obsessed with
the desire for vengeance, a woman
whom this idea has turned almost
into a fiend. Contemporary music j
is extraordinarily well adapted to
portray such a theme, and Richard
Strauss has turned it into a master
piece.
"Elektra" contains no beautiful j
themes; it is wildly unharmonious, I
full of dissonances. The exciting
music catches exactly the horrible
reality of the plot. "Elektra" is
strong stuff; it left its audience
breathless for three minutes after
the curtain, and then the cheering
started.
PALLY MAC;NIFICENT
For the first San Francisco per
formance of the magnificent twen
tieth-century opera a perfect cast
has been assembled. Chief object of
interest, naturally, is Rose Pauly in
the title role.
Her Elektra is a fury, a creature
of hate, but still human enough to
alternate occasional moments of
tenderness wtih her savagery. The
Hungarian soprano, dressed in rags |
with her hair flying in mad dLs- j
array, packed the part with all the
ferocious passion it can bear. Her |
rich, powerful, dramatic voice was i
perfect for the Strauss .«eore.
SUPPORTING CAST GOOD
The Klytemnestra of Kerstin j
Thorborg was magnificent, both i
from a dramatic and a vocal stand
point. A villainous, hateful, libidi- I
nous woman was created by her i
wonderful contralto voice and fine j
acting. Honors also must go to Irene
Jessner for a beautiful portrayal of
I Chrysothemis, Elektra''s sister.
The supporting male roles were
uniformly well done by Julius
Huehn as Orestes, Karl Laufkoetter
as Aegisthus, and Norman Cordon
as the Foster Father. Fritz Reiner's
direction of the 99-piece orchestra
that the score demands was sheer
perfection.
SET MODERNIZED
The setting and stage direction of
Herbert Graf would be an excellent
lesson for any producer of opera.
Abandoning the usual unconvincing
realism of operatic scenery, he used
a great, crude, barbaric Mycenaen
palace and many different levels for
the stage floor, with splendid re
sults.
AUDIENCE CHEERS
J The "Elektra" of Richard Strauss
uses Hugo von Rofmannstahl's adap
tation of the "Electra" of Sopho
cles. The wild, unbeautiful music is
perfect for a wild, unbeautiful plot.
The audience last Monday night
found it a breath-taking experience,
I and it stayed in the opera house
and cheered instead of dashing for
the exits as it usually does.
"Elektra" is presented without in
termission; it i.s too real, too psy
chologically perfect to have one.
Someone asked why such a short
opera wasn't presented on a double
bill; well, anything else would
sound insipid within the same week.
—Livingston
"ELEKTRA" by Richard Strauss, |
to be repeated at the San Fran- !
cisco Opera House Sunday after- ;
noon at 3 o'clock.
Strauss' "Elektra" is like a great |
experiment in psychology; for 981
minutes, without intermission, it ex
poses with shocking reality what the
pre-Freudians called the soul of a
woman.
MASTERFUL SCORE
But this is a woman obsessed with
the desire for vengeance, a woman
whom this idea has turned almost
into a fiend. Contemporary music j
is extraordinarily well adapted to
portray such a theme, and Richard
Strauss has turned it into a master
piece.
"Elektra" contains no beautiful j
themes; it is wildly unharmonious, I
full of dissonances. The exciting
music catches exactly the horrible
reality of the plot. "Elektra" is
strong stuff; it left its audience
breathless for three minutes after
the curtain, and then the cheering
started.
PALLY MAC;NIFICENT
For the first San Francisco per
formance of the magnificent twen
tieth-century opera a perfect cast
has been assembled. Chief object of
interest, naturally, is Rose Pauly in
the title role.
Her Elektra is a fury, a creature
of hate, but still human enough to
alternate occasional moments of
tenderness wtih her savagery. The
Hungarian soprano, dressed in rags |
with her hair flying in mad dLs- j
array, packed the part with all the
ferocious passion it can bear. Her |
rich, powerful, dramatic voice was i
perfect for the Strauss .«eore.
SUPPORTING CAST GOOD
The Klytemnestra of Kerstin j
Thorborg was magnificent, both i
from a dramatic and a vocal stand
point. A villainous, hateful, libidi- I
nous woman was created by her i
wonderful contralto voice and fine j
acting. Honors also must go to Irene
Jessner for a beautiful portrayal of
I Chrysothemis, Elektra''s sister.
The supporting male roles were
uniformly well done by Julius
Huehn as Orestes, Karl Laufkoetter
as Aegisthus, and Norman Cordon
as the Foster Father. Fritz Reiner's
direction of the 99-piece orchestra
that the score demands was sheer
perfection.
SET MODERNIZED
The setting and stage direction of
Herbert Graf would be an excellent
lesson for any producer of opera.
Abandoning the usual unconvincing
realism of operatic scenery, he used
a great, crude, barbaric Mycenaen
palace and many different levels for
the stage floor, with splendid re
sults.
AUDIENCE CHEERS
J The "Elektra" of Richard Strauss
uses Hugo von Rofmannstahl's adap
tation of the "Electra" of Sopho
cles. The wild, unbeautiful music is
perfect for a wild, unbeautiful plot.
The audience last Monday night
found it a breath-taking experience,
I and it stayed in the opera house
and cheered instead of dashing for
the exits as it usually does.
"Elektra" is presented without in
termission; it i.s too real, too psy
chologically perfect to have one.
Someone asked why such a short
opera wasn't presented on a double
bill; well, anything else would
sound insipid within the same week.
—Livingston
"ELEKTRA" by Richard Strauss, |
to be repeated at the San Fran- !
cisco Opera House Sunday after- ;
noon at 3 o'clock.
Strauss' "Elektra" is like a great |
experiment in psychology; for 981
minutes, without intermission, it ex
poses with shocking reality what the
pre-Freudians called the soul of a
woman.
MASTERFUL SCORE
But this is a woman obsessed with
the desire for vengeance, a woman
whom this idea has turned almost
into a fiend. Contemporary music j
is extraordinarily well adapted to
portray such a theme, and Richard
Strauss has turned it into a master
piece.
"Elektra" contains no beautiful j
themes; it is wildly unharmonious, I
full of dissonances. The exciting
music catches exactly the horrible
reality of the plot. "Elektra" is
strong stuff; it left its audience
breathless for three minutes after
the curtain, and then the cheering
started.
PALLY MAC;NIFICENT
For the first San Francisco per
formance of the magnificent twen
tieth-century opera a perfect cast
has been assembled. Chief object of
interest, naturally, is Rose Pauly in
the title role.
Her Elektra is a fury, a creature
of hate, but still human enough to
alternate occasional moments of
tenderness wtih her savagery. The
Hungarian soprano, dressed in rags |
with her hair flying in mad dLs- j
array, packed the part with all the
ferocious passion it can bear. Her |
rich, powerful, dramatic voice was i
perfect for the Strauss .«eore.
SUPPORTING CAST GOOD
The Klytemnestra of Kerstin j
Thorborg was magnificent, both i
from a dramatic and a vocal stand
point. A villainous, hateful, libidi- I
nous woman was created by her i
wonderful contralto voice and fine j
acting. Honors also must go to Irene
Jessner for a beautiful portrayal of
I Chrysothemis, Elektra''s sister.
The supporting male roles were
uniformly well done by Julius
Huehn as Orestes, Karl Laufkoetter
as Aegisthus, and Norman Cordon
as the Foster Father. Fritz Reiner's
direction of the 99-piece orchestra
that the score demands was sheer
perfection.
SET MODERNIZED
The setting and stage direction of
Herbert Graf would be an excellent
lesson for any producer of opera.
Abandoning the usual unconvincing
realism of operatic scenery, he used
a great, crude, barbaric Mycenaen
palace and many different levels for
the stage floor, with splendid re
sults.
AUDIENCE CHEERS
J The "Elektra" of Richard Strauss
uses Hugo von Rofmannstahl's adap
tation of the "Electra" of Sopho
cles. The wild, unbeautiful music is
perfect for a wild, unbeautiful plot.
The audience last Monday night
found it a breath-taking experience,
I and it stayed in the opera house
and cheered instead of dashing for
the exits as it usually does.
"Elektra" is presented without in
termission; it i.s too real, too psy
chologically perfect to have one.
Someone asked why such a short
opera wasn't presented on a double
bill; well, anything else would
sound insipid within the same week.
—Livingston
"ELEKTRA" by Richard Strauss, |
to be repeated at the San Fran- !
cisco Opera House Sunday after- ;
noon at 3 o'clock.
Strauss' "Elektra" is like a great |
experiment in psychology; for 981
minutes, without intermission, it ex
poses with shocking reality what the
pre-Freudians called the soul of a
woman.
MASTERFUL SCORE
But this is a woman obsessed with
the desire for vengeance, a woman
whom this idea has turned almost
into a fiend. Contemporary music j
is extraordinarily well adapted to
portray such a theme, and Richard
Strauss has turned it into a master
piece.
"Elektra" contains no beautiful j
themes; it is wildly unharmonious, I
full of dissonances. The exciting
music catches exactly the horrible
reality of the plot. "Elektra" is
strong stuff; it left its audience
breathless for three minutes after
the curtain, and then the cheering
started.
PALLY MAC;NIFICENT
For the first San Francisco per
formance of the magnificent twen
tieth-century opera a perfect cast
has been assembled. Chief object of
interest, naturally, is Rose Pauly in
the title role.
Her Elektra is a fury, a creature
of hate, but still human enough to
alternate occasional moments of
tenderness wtih her savagery. The
Hungarian soprano, dressed in rags |
with her hair flying in mad dLs- j
array, packed the part with all the
ferocious passion it can bear. Her |
rich, powerful, dramatic voice was i
perfect for the Strauss .«eore.
SUPPORTING CAST GOOD
The Klytemnestra of Kerstin j
Thorborg was magnificent, both i
from a dramatic and a vocal stand
point. A villainous, hateful, libidi- I
nous woman was created by her i
wonderful contralto voice and fine j
acting. Honors also must go to Irene
Jessner for a beautiful portrayal of
I Chrysothemis, Elektra''s sister.
The supporting male roles were
uniformly well done by Julius
Huehn as Orestes, Karl Laufkoetter
as Aegisthus, and Norman Cordon
as the Foster Father. Fritz Reiner's
direction of the 99-piece orchestra
that the score demands was sheer
perfection.
SET MODERNIZED
The setting and stage direction of
Herbert Graf would be an excellent
lesson for any producer of opera.
Abandoning the usual unconvincing
realism of operatic scenery, he used
a great, crude, barbaric Mycenaen
palace and many different levels for
the stage floor, with splendid re
sults.
AUDIENCE CHEERS
J The "Elektra" of Richard Strauss
uses Hugo von Rofmannstahl's adap
tation of the "Electra" of Sopho
cles. The wild, unbeautiful music is
perfect for a wild, unbeautiful plot.
The audience last Monday night
found it a breath-taking experience,
I and it stayed in the opera house
and cheered instead of dashing for
the exits as it usually does.
"Elektra" is presented without in
termission; it i.s too real, too psy
chologically perfect to have one.
Someone asked why such a short
opera wasn't presented on a double
bill; well, anything else would
sound insipid within the same week.
—Livingston
"ELEKTRA" by Richard Strauss, |
to be repeated at the San Fran- !
cisco Opera House Sunday after- ;
noon at 3 o'clock.
Strauss' "Elektra" is like a great |
experiment in psychology; for 981
minutes, without intermission, it ex
poses with shocking reality what the
pre-Freudians called the soul of a
woman.
MASTERFUL SCORE
But this is a woman obsessed with
the desire for vengeance, a woman
whom this idea has turned almost
into a fiend. Contemporary music j
is extraordinarily well adapted to
portray such a theme, and Richard
Strauss has turned it into a master
piece.
"Elektra" contains no beautiful j
themes; it is wildly unharmonious, I
full of dissonances. The exciting
music catches exactly the horrible
reality of the plot. "Elektra" is
strong stuff; it left its audience
breathless for three minutes after
the curtain, and then the cheering
started.
PALLY MAC;NIFICENT
For the first San Francisco per
formance of the magnificent twen
tieth-century opera a perfect cast
has been assembled. Chief object of
interest, naturally, is Rose Pauly in
the title role.
Her Elektra is a fury, a creature
of hate, but still human enough to
alternate occasional moments of
tenderness wtih her savagery. The
Hungarian soprano, dressed in rags |
with her hair flying in mad dLs- j
array, packed the part with all the
ferocious passion it can bear. Her |
rich, powerful, dramatic voice was i
perfect for the Strauss .«eore.
SUPPORTING CAST GOOD
The Klytemnestra of Kerstin j
Thorborg was magnificent, both i
from a dramatic and a vocal stand
point. A villainous, hateful, libidi- I
nous woman was created by her i
wonderful contralto voice and fine j
acting. Honors also must go to Irene
Jessner for a beautiful portrayal of
I Chrysothemis, Elektra''s sister.
The supporting male roles were
uniformly well done by Julius
Huehn as Orestes, Karl Laufkoetter
as Aegisthus, and Norman Cordon
as the Foster Father. Fritz Reiner's
direction of the 99-piece orchestra
that the score demands was sheer
perfection.
SET MODERNIZED
The setting and stage direction of
Herbert Graf would be an excellent
lesson for any producer of opera.
Abandoning the usual unconvincing
realism of operatic scenery, he used
a great, crude, barbaric Mycenaen
palace and many different levels for
the stage floor, with splendid re
sults.
AUDIENCE CHEERS
J The "Elektra" of Richard Strauss
uses Hugo von Rofmannstahl's adap
tation of the "Electra" of Sopho
cles. The wild, unbeautiful music is
perfect for a wild, unbeautiful plot.
The audience last Monday night
found it a breath-taking experience,
I and it stayed in the opera house
and cheered instead of dashing for
the exits as it usually does.
"Elektra" is presented without in
termission; it i.s too real, too psy
chologically perfect to have one.
Someone asked why such a short
opera wasn't presented on a double
bill; well, anything else would
sound insipid within the same week.
—Livingston
"ELEKTRA" by Richard Strauss, |
to be repeated at the San Fran- !
cisco Opera House Sunday after- ;
noon at 3 o'clock.
Strauss' "Elektra" is like a great |
experiment in psychology; for 981
minutes, without intermission, it ex
poses with shocking reality what the
pre-Freudians called the soul of a
woman.
MASTERFUL SCORE
But this is a woman obsessed with
the desire for vengeance, a woman
whom this idea has turned almost
into a fiend. Contemporary music j
is extraordinarily well adapted to
portray such a theme, and Richard
Strauss has turned it into a master
piece.
"Elektra" contains no beautiful j
themes; it is wildly unharmonious, I
full of dissonances. The exciting
music catches exactly the horrible
reality of the plot. "Elektra" is
strong stuff; it left its audience
breathless for three minutes after
the curtain, and then the cheering
started.
PALLY MAC;NIFICENT
For the first San Francisco per
formance of the magnificent twen
tieth-century opera a perfect cast
has been assembled. Chief object of
interest, naturally, is Rose Pauly in
the title role.
Her Elektra is a fury, a creature
of hate, but still human enough to
alternate occasional moments of
tenderness wtih her savagery. The
Hungarian soprano, dressed in rags |
with her hair flying in mad dLs- j
array, packed the part with all the
ferocious passion it can bear. Her |
rich, powerful, dramatic voice was i
perfect for the Strauss .«eore.
SUPPORTING CAST GOOD
The Klytemnestra of Kerstin j
Thorborg was magnificent, both i
from a dramatic and a vocal stand
point. A villainous, hateful, libidi- I
nous woman was created by her i
wonderful contralto voice and fine j
acting. Honors also must go to Irene
Jessner for a beautiful portrayal of
I Chrysothemis, Elektra''s sister.
The supporting male roles were
uniformly well done by Julius
Huehn as Orestes, Karl Laufkoetter
as Aegisthus, and Norman Cordon
as the Foster Father. Fritz Reiner's
direction of the 99-piece orchestra
that the score demands was sheer
perfection.
SET MODERNIZED
The setting and stage direction of
Herbert Graf would be an excellent
lesson for any producer of opera.
Abandoning the usual unconvincing
realism of operatic scenery, he used
a great, crude, barbaric Mycenaen
palace and many different levels for
the stage floor, with splendid re
sults.
AUDIENCE CHEERS
J The "Elektra" of Richard Strauss
uses Hugo von Rofmannstahl's adap
tation of the "Electra" of Sopho
cles. The wild, unbeautiful music is
perfect for a wild, unbeautiful plot.
The audience last Monday night
found it a breath-taking experience,
I and it stayed in the opera house
and cheered instead of dashing for
the exits as it usually does.
"Elektra" is presented without in
termission; it i.s too real, too psy
chologically perfect to have one.
Someone asked why such a short
opera wasn't presented on a double
bill; well, anything else would
sound insipid within the same week.
—Livingston
"ELEKTRA" by Richard Strauss, |
to be repeated at the San Fran- !
cisco Opera House Sunday after- ;
noon at 3 o'clock.
Strauss' "Elektra" is like a great |
experiment in psychology; for 981
minutes, without intermission, it ex
poses with shocking reality what the
pre-Freudians called the soul of a
woman.
MASTERFUL SCORE
But this is a woman obsessed with
the desire for vengeance, a woman
whom this idea has turned almost
into a fiend. Contemporary music j
is extraordinarily well adapted to
portray such a theme, and Richard
Strauss has turned it into a master
piece.
"Elektra" contains no beautiful j
themes; it is wildly unharmonious, I
full of dissonances. The exciting
music catches exactly the horrible
reality of the plot. "Elektra" is
strong stuff; it left its audience
breathless for three minutes after
the curtain, and then the cheering
started.
PALLY MAC;NIFICENT
For the first San Francisco per
formance of the magnificent twen
tieth-century opera a perfect cast
has been assembled. Chief object of
interest, naturally, is Rose Pauly in
the title role.
Her Elektra is a fury, a creature
of hate, but still human enough to
alternate occasional moments of
tenderness wtih her savagery. The
Hungarian soprano, dressed in rags |
with her hair flying in mad dLs- j
array, packed the part with all the
ferocious passion it can bear. Her |
rich, powerful, dramatic voice was i
perfect for the Strauss .«eore.
SUPPORTING CAST GOOD
The Klytemnestra of Kerstin j
Thorborg was magnificent, both i
from a dramatic and a vocal stand
point. A villainous, hateful, libidi- I
nous woman was created by her i
wonderful contralto voice and fine j
acting. Honors also must go to Irene
Jessner for a beautiful portrayal of
I Chrysothemis, Elektra''s sister.
The supporting male roles were
uniformly well done by Julius
Huehn as Orestes, Karl Laufkoetter
as Aegisthus, and Norman Cordon
as the Foster Father. Fritz Reiner's
direction of the 99-piece orchestra
that the score demands was sheer
perfection.
SET MODERNIZED
The setting and stage direction of
Herbert Graf would be an excellent
lesson for any producer of opera.
Abandoning the usual unconvincing
realism of operatic scenery, he used
a great, crude, barbaric Mycenaen
palace and many different levels for
the stage floor, with splendid re
sults.
AUDIENCE CHEERS
J The "Elektra" of Richard Strauss
uses Hugo von Rofmannstahl's adap
tation of the "Electra" of Sopho
cles. The wild, unbeautiful music is
perfect for a wild, unbeautiful plot.
The audience last Monday night
found it a breath-taking experience,
I and it stayed in the opera house
and cheered instead of dashing for
the exits as it usually does.
"Elektra" is presented without in
termission; it i.s too real, too psy
chologically perfect to have one.
Someone asked why such a short
opera wasn't presented on a double
bill; well, anything else would
sound insipid within the same week.
—Livingston
"ELEKTRA" by Richard Strauss, |
to be repeated at the San Fran- !
cisco Opera House Sunday after- ;
noon at 3 o'clock.
Strauss' "Elektra" is like a great |
experiment in psychology; for 981
minutes, without intermission, it ex
poses with shocking reality what the
pre-Freudians called the soul of a
woman.
MASTERFUL SCORE
But this is a woman obsessed with
the desire for vengeance, a woman
whom this idea has turned almost
into a fiend. Contemporary music j
is extraordinarily well adapted to
portray such a theme, and Richard
Strauss has turned it into a master
piece.
"Elektra" contains no beautiful j
themes; it is wildly unharmonious, I
full of dissonances. The exciting
music catches exactly the horrible
reality of the plot. "Elektra" is
strong stuff; it left its audience
breathless for three minutes after
the curtain, and then the cheering
started.
PALLY MAC;NIFICENT
For the first San Francisco per
formance of the magnificent twen
tieth-century opera a perfect cast
has been assembled. Chief object of
interest, naturally, is Rose Pauly in
the title role.
Her Elektra is a fury, a creature
of hate, but still human enough to
alternate occasional moments of
tenderness wtih her savagery. The
Hungarian soprano, dressed in rags |
with her hair flying in mad dLs- j
array, packed the part with all the
ferocious passion it can bear. Her |
rich, powerful, dramatic voice was i
perfect for the Strauss .«eore.
SUPPORTING CAST GOOD
The Klytemnestra of Kerstin j
Thorborg was magnificent, both i
from a dramatic and a vocal stand
point. A villainous, hateful, libidi- I
nous woman was created by her i
wonderful contralto voice and fine j
acting. Honors also must go to Irene
Jessner for a beautiful portrayal of
I Chrysothemis, Elektra''s sister.
The supporting male roles were
uniformly well done by Julius
Huehn as Orestes, Karl Laufkoetter
as Aegisthus, and Norman Cordon
as the Foster Father. Fritz Reiner's
direction of the 99-piece orchestra
that the score demands was sheer
perfection.
SET MODERNIZED
The setting and stage direction of
Herbert Graf would be an excellent
lesson for any producer of opera.
Abandoning the usual unconvincing
realism of operatic scenery, he used
a great, crude, barbaric Mycenaen
palace and many different levels for
the stage floor, with splendid re
sults.
AUDIENCE CHEERS
J The "Elektra" of Richard Strauss
uses Hugo von Rofmannstahl's adap
tation of the "Electra" of Sopho
cles. The wild, unbeautiful music is
perfect for a wild, unbeautiful plot.
The audience last Monday night
found it a breath-taking experience,
I and it stayed in the opera house
and cheered instead of dashing for
the exits as it usually does.
"Elektra" is presented without in
termission; it i.s too real, too psy
chologically perfect to have one.
Someone asked why such a short
opera wasn't presented on a double
bill; well, anything else would
sound insipid within the same week.
—Livingston
"ELEKTRA" by Richard Strauss, |
to be repeated at the San Fran- !
cisco Opera House Sunday after- ;
noon at 3 o'clock.
Strauss' "Elektra" is like a great |
experiment in psychology; for 981
minutes, without intermission, it ex
poses with shocking reality what the
pre-Freudians called the soul of a
woman.
MASTERFUL SCORE
But this is a woman obsessed with
the desire for vengeance, a woman
whom this idea has turned almost
into a fiend. Contemporary music j
is extraordinarily well adapted to
portray such a theme, and Richard
Strauss has turned it into a master
piece.
"Elektra" contains no beautiful j
themes; it is wildly unharmonious, I
full of dissonances. The exciting
music catches exactly the horrible
reality of the plot. "Elektra" is
strong stuff; it left its audience
breathless for three minutes after
the curtain, and then the cheering
started.
PALLY MAC;NIFICENT
For the first San Francisco per
formance of the magnificent twen
tieth-century opera a perfect cast
has been assembled. Chief object of
interest, naturally, is Rose Pauly in
the title role.
Her Elektra is a fury, a creature
of hate, but still human enough to
alternate occasional moments of
tenderness wtih her savagery. The
Hungarian soprano, dressed in rags |
with her hair flying in mad dLs- j
array, packed the part with all the
ferocious passion it can bear. Her |
rich, powerful, dramatic voice was i
perfect for the Strauss .«eore.
SUPPORTING CAST GOOD
The Klytemnestra of Kerstin j
Thorborg was magnificent, both i
from a dramatic and a vocal stand
point. A villainous, hateful, libidi- I
nous woman was created by her i
wonderful contralto voice and fine j
acting. Honors also must go to Irene
Jessner for a beautiful portrayal of
I Chrysothemis, Elektra''s sister.
The supporting male roles were
uniformly well done by Julius
Huehn as Orestes, Karl Laufkoetter
as Aegisthus, and Norman Cordon
as the Foster Father. Fritz Reiner's
direction of the 99-piece orchestra
that the score demands was sheer
perfection.
SET MODERNIZED
The setting and stage direction of
Herbert Graf would be an excellent
lesson for any producer of opera.
Abandoning the usual unconvincing
realism of operatic scenery, he used
a great, crude, barbaric Mycenaen
palace and many different levels for
the stage floor, with splendid re
sults.
AUDIENCE CHEERS
J The "Elektra" of Richard Strauss
uses Hugo von Rofmannstahl's adap
tation of the "Electra" of Sopho
cles. The wild, unbeautiful music is
perfect for a wild, unbeautiful plot.
The audience last Monday night
found it a breath-taking experience,
I and it stayed in the opera house
and cheered instead of dashing for
the exits as it usually does.
"Elektra" is presented without in
termission; it i.s too real, too psy
chologically perfect to have one.
Someone asked why such a short
opera wasn't presented on a double
bill; well, anything else would
sound insipid within the same week.
—Livingston
"ELEKTRA" by Richard Strauss, |
to be repeated at the San Fran- !
cisco Opera House Sunday after- ;
noon at 3 o'clock.
Strauss' "Elektra" is like a great |
experiment in psychology; for 981
minutes, without intermission, it ex
poses with shocking reality what the
pre-Freudians called the soul of a
woman.
MASTERFUL SCORE
But this is a woman obsessed with
the desire for vengeance, a woman
whom this idea has turned almost
into a fiend. Contemporary music j
is extraordinarily well adapted to
portray such a theme, and Richard
Strauss has turned it into a master
piece.
"Elektra" contains no beautiful j
themes; it is wildly unharmonious, I
full of dissonances. The exciting
music catches exactly the horrible
reality of the plot. "Elektra" is
strong stuff; it left its audience
breathless for three minutes after
the curtain, and then the cheering
started.
PALLY MAC;NIFICENT
For the first San Francisco per
formance of the magnificent twen
tieth-century opera a perfect cast
has been assembled. Chief object of
interest, naturally, is Rose Pauly in
the title role.
Her Elektra is a fury, a creature
of hate, but still human enough to
alternate occasional moments of
tenderness wtih her savagery. The
Hungarian soprano, dressed in rags |
with her hair flying in mad dLs- j
array, packed the part with all the
ferocious passion it can bear. Her |
rich, powerful, dramatic voice was i
perfect for the Strauss .«eore.
SUPPORTING CAST GOOD
The Klytemnestra of Kerstin j
Thorborg was magnificent, both i
from a dramatic and a vocal stand
point. A villainous, hateful, libidi- I
nous woman was created by her i
wonderful contralto voice and fine j
acting. Honors also must go to Irene
Jessner for a beautiful portrayal of
I Chrysothemis, Elektra''s sister.
The supporting male roles were
uniformly well done by Julius
Huehn as Orestes, Karl Laufkoetter
as Aegisthus, and Norman Cordon
as the Foster Father. Fritz Reiner's
direction of the 99-piece orchestra
that the score demands was sheer
perfection.
SET MODERNIZED
The setting and stage direction of
Herbert Graf would be an excellent
lesson for any producer of opera.
Abandoning the usual unconvincing
realism of operatic scenery, he used
a great, crude, barbaric Mycenaen
palace and many different levels for
the stage floor, with splendid re
sults.
AUDIENCE CHEERS
J The "Elektra" of Richard Strauss
uses Hugo von Rofmannstahl's adap
tation of the "Electra" of Sopho
cles. The wild, unbeautiful music is
perfect for a wild, unbeautiful plot.
The audience last Monday night
found it a breath-taking experience,
I and it stayed in the opera house
and cheered instead of dashing for
the exits as it usually does.
"Elektra" is presented without in
termission; it i.s too real, too psy
chologically perfect to have one.
Someone asked why such a short
opera wasn't presented on a double
bill; well, anything else would
sound insipid within the same week.
—Livingston
"ELEKTRA" by Richard Strauss, |
to be repeated at the San Fran- !
cisco Opera House Sunday after- ;
noon at 3 o'clock.
Strauss' "Elektra" is like a great |
experiment in psychology; for 981
minutes, without intermission, it ex
poses with shocking reality what the
pre-Freudians called the soul of a
woman.
MASTERFUL SCORE
But this is a woman obsessed with
the desire for vengeance, a woman
whom this idea has turned almost
into a fiend. Contemporary music j
is extraordinarily well adapted to
portray such a theme, and Richard
Strauss has turned it into a master
piece.
"Elektra" contains no beautiful j
themes; it is wildly unharmonious, I
full of dissonances. The exciting
music catches exactly the horrible
reality of the plot. "Elektra" is
strong stuff; it left its audience
breathless for three minutes after
the curtain, and then the cheering
started.
PALLY MAC;NIFICENT
For the first San Francisco per
formance of the magnificent twen
tieth-century opera a perfect cast
has been assembled. Chief object of
interest, naturally, is Rose Pauly in
the title role.
Her Elektra is a fury, a creature
of hate, but still human enough to
alternate occasional moments of
tenderness wtih her savagery. The
Hungarian soprano, dressed in rags |
with her hair flying in mad dLs- j
array, packed the part with all the
ferocious passion it can bear. Her |
rich, powerful, dramatic voice was i
perfect for the Strauss .«eore.
SUPPORTING CAST GOOD
The Klytemnestra of Kerstin j
Thorborg was magnificent, both i
from a dramatic and a vocal stand
point. A villainous, hateful, libidi- I
nous woman was created by her i
wonderful contralto voice and fine j
acting. Honors also must go to Irene
Jessner for a beautiful portrayal of
I Chrysothemis, Elektra''s sister.
The supporting male roles were
uniformly well done by Julius
Huehn as Orestes, Karl Laufkoetter
as Aegisthus, and Norman Cordon
as the Foster Father. Fritz Reiner's
direction of the 99-piece orchestra
that the score demands was sheer
perfection.
SET MODERNIZED
The setting and stage direction of
Herbert Graf would be an excellent
lesson for any producer of opera.
Abandoning the usual unconvincing
realism of operatic scenery, he used
a great, crude, barbaric Mycenaen
palace and many different levels for
the stage floor, with splendid re
sults.
AUDIENCE CHEERS
J The "Elektra" of Richard Strauss
uses Hugo von Rofmannstahl's adap
tation of the "Electra" of Sopho
cles. The wild, unbeautiful music is
perfect for a wild, unbeautiful plot.
The audience last Monday night
found it a breath-taking experience,
I and it stayed in the opera house
and cheered instead of dashing for
the exits as it usually does.
"Elektra" is presented without in
termission; it i.s too real, too psy
chologically perfect to have one.
Someone asked why such a short
opera wasn't presented on a double
bill; well, anything else would
sound insipid within the same week.
—Livingston
"ELEKTRA" by Richard Strauss, |
to be repeated at the San Fran- !
cisco Opera House Sunday after- ;
noon at 3 o'clock.
Strauss' "Elektra" is like a great |
experiment in psychology; for 981
minutes, without intermission, it ex
poses with shocking reality what the
pre-Freudians called the soul of a
woman.
MASTERFUL SCORE
But this is a woman obsessed with
the desire for vengeance, a woman
whom this idea has turned almost
into a fiend. Contemporary music j
is extraordinarily well adapted to
portray such a theme, and Richard
Strauss has turned it into a master
piece.
"Elektra" contains no beautiful j
themes; it is wildly unharmonious, I
full of dissonances. The exciting
music catches exactly the horrible
reality of the plot. "Elektra" is
strong stuff; it left its audience
breathless for three minutes after
the curtain, and then the cheering
started.
PALLY MAC;NIFICENT
For the first San Francisco per
formance of the magnificent twen
tieth-century opera a perfect cast
has been assembled. Chief object of
interest, naturally, is Rose Pauly in
the title role.
Her Elektra is a fury, a creature
of hate, but still human enough to
alternate occasional moments of
tenderness wtih her savagery. The
Hungarian soprano, dressed in rags |
with her hair flying in mad dLs- j
array, packed the part with all the
ferocious passion it can bear. Her |
rich, powerful, dramatic voice was i
perfect for the Strauss .«eore.
SUPPORTING CAST GOOD
The Klytemnestra of Kerstin j
Thorborg was magnificent, both i
from a dramatic and a vocal stand
point. A villainous, hateful, libidi- I
nous woman was created by her i
wonderful contralto voice and fine j
acting. Honors also must go to Irene
Jessner for a beautiful portrayal of
I Chrysothemis, Elektra''s sister.
The supporting male roles were
uniformly well done by Julius
Huehn as Orestes, Karl Laufkoetter
as Aegisthus, and Norman Cordon
as the Foster Father. Fritz Reiner's
direction of the 99-piece orchestra
that the score demands was sheer
perfection.
SET MODERNIZED
The setting and stage direction of
Herbert Graf would be an excellent
lesson for any producer of opera.
Abandoning the usual unconvincing
realism of operatic scenery, he used
a great, crude, barbaric Mycenaen
palace and many different levels for
the stage floor, with splendid re
sults.
AUDIENCE CHEERS
J The "Elektra" of Richard Strauss
uses Hugo von Rofmannstahl's adap
tation of the "Electra" of Sopho
cles. The wild, unbeautiful music is
perfect for a wild, unbeautiful plot.
The audience last Monday night
found it a breath-taking experience,
I and it stayed in the opera house
and cheered instead of dashing for
the exits as it usually does.
"Elektra" is presented without in
termission; it i.s too real, too psy
chologically perfect to have one.
Someone asked why such a short
opera wasn't presented on a double
bill; well, anything else would
sound insipid within the same week.
—Livingston
"ELEKTRA" by Richard Strauss, |
to be repeated at the San Fran- !
cisco Opera House Sunday after- ;
noon at 3 o'clock.
Strauss' "Elektra" is like a great |
experiment in psychology; for 981
minutes, without intermission, it ex
poses with shocking reality what the
pre-Freudians called the soul of a
woman.
MASTERFUL SCORE
But this is a woman obsessed with
the desire for vengeance, a woman
whom this idea has turned almost
into a fiend. Contemporary music j
is extraordinarily well adapted to
portray such a theme, and Richard
Strauss has turned it into a master
piece.
"Elektra" contains no beautiful j
themes; it is wildly unharmonious, I
full of dissonances. The exciting
music catches exactly the horrible
reality of the plot. "Elektra" is
strong stuff; it left its audience
breathless for three minutes after
the curtain, and then the cheering
started.
PALLY MAC;NIFICENT
For the first San Francisco per
formance of the magnificent twen
tieth-century opera a perfect cast
has been assembled. Chief object of
interest, naturally, is Rose Pauly in
the title role.
Her Elektra is a fury, a creature
of hate, but still human enough to
alternate occasional moments of
tenderness wtih her savagery. The
Hungarian soprano, dressed in rags |
with her hair flying in mad dLs- j
array, packed the part with all the
ferocious passion it can bear. Her |
rich, powerful, dramatic voice was i
perfect for the Strauss .«eore.
SUPPORTING CAST GOOD
The Klytemnestra of Kerstin j
Thorborg was magnificent, both i
from a dramatic and a vocal stand
point. A villainous, hateful, libidi- I
nous woman was created by her i
wonderful contralto voice and fine j
acting. Honors also must go to Irene
Jessner for a beautiful portrayal of
I Chrysothemis, Elektra''s sister.
The supporting male roles were
uniformly well done by Julius
Huehn as Orestes, Karl Laufkoetter
as Aegisthus, and Norman Cordon
as the Foster Father. Fritz Reiner's
direction of the 99-piece orchestra
that the score demands was sheer
perfection.
SET MODERNIZED
The setting and stage direction of
Herbert Graf would be an excellent
lesson for any producer of opera.
Abandoning the usual unconvincing
realism of operatic scenery, he used
a great, crude, barbaric Mycenaen
palace and many different levels for
the stage floor, with splendid re
sults.
AUDIENCE CHEERS
J The "Elektra" of Richard Strauss
uses Hugo von Rofmannstahl's adap
tation of the "Electra" of Sopho
cles. The wild, unbeautiful music is
perfect for a wild, unbeautiful plot.
The audience last Monday night
found it a breath-taking experience,
I and it stayed in the opera house
and cheered instead of dashing for
the exits as it usually does.
"Elektra" is presented without in
termission; it i.s too real, too psy
chologically perfect to have one.
Someone asked why such a short
opera wasn't presented on a double
bill; well, anything else would
sound insipid within the same week.
—Livingston
"ELEKTRA" by Richard Strauss, |
to be repeated at the San Fran- !
cisco Opera House Sunday after- ;
noon at 3 o'clock.
Strauss' "Elektra" is like a great |
experiment in psychology; for 981
minutes, without intermission, it ex
poses with shocking reality what the
pre-Freudians called the soul of a
woman.
MASTERFUL SCORE
But this is a woman obsessed with
the desire for vengeance, a woman
whom this idea has turned almost
into a fiend. Contemporary music j
is extraordinarily well adapted to
portray such a theme, and Richard
Strauss has turned it into a master
piece.
"Elektra" contains no beautiful j
themes; it is wildly unharmonious, I
full of dissonances. The exciting
music catches exactly the horrible
reality of the plot. "Elektra" is
strong stuff; it left its audience
breathless for three minutes after
the curtain, and then the cheering
started.
PALLY MAC;NIFICENT
For the first San Francisco per
formance of the magnificent twen
tieth-century opera a perfect cast
has been assembled. Chief object of
interest, naturally, is Rose Pauly in
the title role.
Her Elektra is a fury, a creature
of hate, but still human enough to
alternate occasional moments of
tenderness wtih her savagery. The
Hungarian soprano, dressed in rags |
with her hair flying in mad dLs- j
array, packed the part with all the
ferocious passion it can bear. Her |
rich, powerful, dramatic voice was i
perfect for the Strauss .«eore.
SUPPORTING CAST GOOD
The Klytemnestra of Kerstin j
Thorborg was magnificent, both i
from a dramatic and a vocal stand
point. A villainous, hateful, libidi- I
nous woman was created by her i
wonderful contralto voice and fine j
acting. Honors also must go to Irene
Jessner for a beautiful portrayal of
I Chrysothemis, Elektra''s sister.
The supporting male roles were
uniformly well done by Julius
Huehn as Orestes, Karl Laufkoetter
as Aegisthus, and Norman Cordon
as the Foster Father. Fritz Reiner's
direction of the 99-piece orchestra
that the score demands was sheer
perfection.
SET MODERNIZED
The setting and stage direction of
Herbert Graf would be an excellent
lesson for any producer of opera.
Abandoning the usual unconvincing
realism of operatic scenery, he used
a great, crude, barbaric Mycenaen
palace and many different levels for
the stage floor, with splendid re
sults.
AUDIENCE CHEERS
J The "Elektra" of Richard Strauss
uses Hugo von Rofmannstahl's adap
tation of the "Electra" of Sopho
cles. The wild, unbeautiful music is
perfect for a wild, unbeautiful plot.
The audience last Monday night
found it a breath-taking experience,
I and it stayed in the opera house
and cheered instead of dashing for
the exits as it usually does.
"Elektra" is presented without in
termission; it i.s too real, too psy
chologically perfect to have one.
Someone asked why such a short
opera wasn't presented on a double
bill; well, anything else would
sound insipid within the same week.
—Livingston
"ELEKTRA" by Richard Strauss, |
to be repeated at the San Fran- !
cisco Opera House Sunday after- ;
noon at 3 o'clock.
Strauss' "Elektra" is like a great |
experiment in psychology; for 981
minutes, without intermission, it ex
poses with shocking reality what the
pre-Freudians called the soul of a
woman.
MASTERFUL SCORE
But this is a woman obsessed with
the desire for vengeance, a woman
whom this idea has turned almost
into a fiend. Contemporary music j
is extraordinarily well adapted to
portray such a theme, and Richard
Strauss has turned it into a master
piece.
"Elektra" contains no beautiful j
themes; it is wildly unharmonious, I
full of dissonances. The exciting
music catches exactly the horrible
reality of the plot. "Elektra" is
strong stuff; it left its audience
breathless for three minutes after
the curtain, and then the cheering
started.
PALLY MAC;NIFICENT
For the first San Francisco per
formance of the magnificent twen
tieth-century opera a perfect cast
has been assembled. Chief object of
interest, naturally, is Rose Pauly in
the title role.
Her Elektra is a fury, a creature
of hate, but still human enough to
alternate occasional moments of
tenderness wtih her savagery. The
Hungarian soprano, dressed in rags |
with her hair flying in mad dLs- j
array, packed the part with all the
ferocious passion it can bear. Her |
rich, powerful, dramatic voice was i
perfect for the Strauss .«eore.
SUPPORTING CAST GOOD
The Klytemnestra of Kerstin j
Thorborg was magnificent, both i
from a dramatic and a vocal stand
point. A villainous, hateful, libidi- I
nous woman was created by her i
wonderful contralto voice and fine j
acting. Honors also must go to Irene
Jessner for a beautiful portrayal of
I Chrysothemis, Elektra''s sister.
The supporting male roles were
uniformly well done by Julius
Huehn as Orestes, Karl Laufkoetter
as Aegisthus, and Norman Cordon
as the Foster Father. Fritz Reiner's
direction of the 99-piece orchestra
that the score demands was sheer
perfection.
SET MODERNIZED
The setting and stage direction of
Herbert Graf would be an excellent
lesson for any producer of opera.
Abandoning the usual unconvincing
realism of operatic scenery, he used
a great, crude, barbaric Mycenaen
palace and many different levels for
the stage floor, with splendid re
sults.
AUDIENCE CHEERS
J The "Elektra" of Richard Strauss
uses Hugo von Rofmannstahl's adap
tation of the "Electra" of Sopho
cles. The wild, unbeautiful music is
perfect for a wild, unbeautiful plot.
The audience last Monday night
found it a breath-taking experience,
I and it stayed in the opera house
and cheered instead of dashing for
the exits as it usually does.
"Elektra" is presented without in
termission; it i.s too real, too psy
chologically perfect to have one.
Someone asked why such a short
opera wasn't presented on a double
bill; well, anything else would
sound insipid within the same week.
—Livingston
