# Senior Committees Appointed.
## 
### 
Senior Class President A. L.
Trowbridge has announced the ap
pointment of the two committees
provided for at the class meeting
yesterday. R. C. Bertheau, L. G.
Burr, and A. M. Dibble, chairman,

form the committee to draw up
regulations for governing the plac
ing of flowers at Mrs. Stanford's
tomb. Following is the class-pin
committee: L. D. Byrne, T. M.
Coen, and F. B. Hathaway, chair
man.
Senior Class President A. L.
Trowbridge has announced the ap
pointment of the two committees
provided for at the class meeting
yesterday. R. C. Bertheau, L. G.
Burr, and A. M. Dibble, chairman,

form the committee to draw up
regulations for governing the plac
ing of flowers at Mrs. Stanford's
tomb. Following is the class-pin
committee: L. D. Byrne, T. M.
Coen, and F. B. Hathaway, chair
man.
Senior Class President A. L.
Trowbridge has announced the ap
pointment of the two committees
provided for at the class meeting
yesterday. R. C. Bertheau, L. G.
Burr, and A. M. Dibble, chairman,

form the committee to draw up
regulations for governing the plac
ing of flowers at Mrs. Stanford's
tomb. Following is the class-pin
committee: L. D. Byrne, T. M.
Coen, and F. B. Hathaway, chair
man.
Senior Class President A. L.
Trowbridge has announced the ap
pointment of the two committees
provided for at the class meeting
yesterday. R. C. Bertheau, L. G.
Burr, and A. M. Dibble, chairman,

form the committee to draw up
regulations for governing the plac
ing of flowers at Mrs. Stanford's
tomb. Following is the class-pin
committee: L. D. Byrne, T. M.
Coen, and F. B. Hathaway, chair
man.
Senior Class President A. L.
Trowbridge has announced the ap
pointment of the two committees
provided for at the class meeting
yesterday. R. C. Bertheau, L. G.
Burr, and A. M. Dibble, chairman,

form the committee to draw up
regulations for governing the plac
ing of flowers at Mrs. Stanford's
tomb. Following is the class-pin
committee: L. D. Byrne, T. M.
Coen, and F. B. Hathaway, chair
man.
Senior Class President A. L.
Trowbridge has announced the ap
pointment of the two committees
provided for at the class meeting
yesterday. R. C. Bertheau, L. G.
Burr, and A. M. Dibble, chairman,

form the committee to draw up
regulations for governing the plac
ing of flowers at Mrs. Stanford's
tomb. Following is the class-pin
committee: L. D. Byrne, T. M.
Coen, and F. B. Hathaway, chair
man.
Senior Class President A. L.
Trowbridge has announced the ap
pointment of the two committees
provided for at the class meeting
yesterday. R. C. Bertheau, L. G.
Burr, and A. M. Dibble, chairman,

form the committee to draw up
regulations for governing the plac
ing of flowers at Mrs. Stanford's
tomb. Following is the class-pin
committee: L. D. Byrne, T. M.
Coen, and F. B. Hathaway, chair
man.
Senior Class President A. L.
Trowbridge has announced the ap
pointment of the two committees
provided for at the class meeting
yesterday. R. C. Bertheau, L. G.
Burr, and A. M. Dibble, chairman,

form the committee to draw up
regulations for governing the plac
ing of flowers at Mrs. Stanford's
tomb. Following is the class-pin
committee: L. D. Byrne, T. M.
Coen, and F. B. Hathaway, chair
man.
