# Untitled Article
## 
### 
To-morrow afternoon the Var
sity baseball team will meet Cali
fornia's nine in the first game of
the annual intercollegiate series.
After a training season marked by
unusual vicissitudes and interrup
tions, the team has rounded into
final form, and if it does not win
to-morrow it will be because Cali
fornia has the better nine. Cali
fornia has grown to expect a vic
tory in baseball as the natural
order of events, but the same heroic
methods that broke her long string
of track successes ought to produce
like results on the diamond. Stan
ford's team deserves to win this
Beason, for it has worked hard and
faithfully against great odds. But
whatever the outcome of the con
test, the members of the team will
have the heartiest support of the
men and women of the university.
