# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The second edition of the Memorial
Number of the Daily Palo Alto was
printed to-day and is now ready for
distribution. For the convenience of
those who are leaving the campus
during the Easter holidays, mail or
ders containing payment in stamps
will be filled from this office. The
price is five cents for each copy.
The second edition of the Memorial
Number of the Daily Palo Alto was
printed to-day and is now ready for
distribution. For the convenience of
those who are leaving the campus
during the Easter holidays, mail or
ders containing payment in stamps
will be filled from this office. The
price is five cents for each copy.
The second edition of the Memorial
Number of the Daily Palo Alto was
printed to-day and is now ready for
distribution. For the convenience of
those who are leaving the campus
during the Easter holidays, mail or
ders containing payment in stamps
will be filled from this office. The
price is five cents for each copy.
The second edition of the Memorial
Number of the Daily Palo Alto was
printed to-day and is now ready for
distribution. For the convenience of
those who are leaving the campus
during the Easter holidays, mail or
ders containing payment in stamps
will be filled from this office. The
price is five cents for each copy.
The second edition of the Memorial
Number of the Daily Palo Alto was
printed to-day and is now ready for
distribution. For the convenience of
those who are leaving the campus
during the Easter holidays, mail or
ders containing payment in stamps
will be filled from this office. The
price is five cents for each copy.
The second edition of the Memorial
Number of the Daily Palo Alto was
printed to-day and is now ready for
distribution. For the convenience of
those who are leaving the campus
during the Easter holidays, mail or
ders containing payment in stamps
will be filled from this office. The
price is five cents for each copy.
The second edition of the Memorial
Number of the Daily Palo Alto was
printed to-day and is now ready for
distribution. For the convenience of
those who are leaving the campus
during the Easter holidays, mail or
ders containing payment in stamps
will be filled from this office. The
price is five cents for each copy.
The second edition of the Memorial
Number of the Daily Palo Alto was
printed to-day and is now ready for
distribution. For the convenience of
those who are leaving the campus
during the Easter holidays, mail or
ders containing payment in stamps
will be filled from this office. The
price is five cents for each copy.
