# Adv. 3 Page 17
## 
### 
FAMILY NOTES
IMMUNIZATION
CLINIC
Wednesdays 1-2:30 p.m. by
appointment. Escondido Village
Center for appointments, for
information call 497-1171 or 497-
4834
COWELL
PEDIATRIC
IMMUNIZATIONS
Thursdays 11-12 noon by
appointment at Cowell for
appointments call 497-4834
EXPECTANT/NEW
MOTHERS GROUP
3rd Friday of the month 1-3 p.m.
E.V. Center Recreation Room for
information call 497-1171 or 497-
4834
STANFORD SPOUSE
SUPPORT NETWORK
2nd and 4th Thursdays of the
month 8 p.m. E.V. Administration
Bldg. for information call 856-
1795. All student spouses
welcome.
COUNSELING FOR
INTERNATIONAL
STUDENTS
Counseling available for
individuals or couples at the
International Center with
Charlotte Siegel, M.S.W. For
appointment call 497-1831
FAMILY NOTES
IMMUNIZATION
CLINIC
Wednesdays 1-2:30 p.m. by
appointment. Escondido Village
Center for appointments, for
information call 497-1171 or 497-
4834
COWELL
PEDIATRIC
IMMUNIZATIONS
Thursdays 11-12 noon by
appointment at Cowell for
appointments call 497-4834
EXPECTANT/NEW
MOTHERS GROUP
3rd Friday of the month 1-3 p.m.
E.V. Center Recreation Room for
information call 497-1171 or 497-
4834
STANFORD SPOUSE
SUPPORT NETWORK
2nd and 4th Thursdays of the
month 8 p.m. E.V. Administration
Bldg. for information call 856-
1795. All student spouses
welcome.
COUNSELING FOR
INTERNATIONAL
STUDENTS
Counseling available for
individuals or couples at the
International Center with
Charlotte Siegel, M.S.W. For
appointment call 497-1831
FAMILY NOTES
IMMUNIZATION
CLINIC
Wednesdays 1-2:30 p.m. by
appointment. Escondido Village
Center for appointments, for
information call 497-1171 or 497-
4834
COWELL
PEDIATRIC
IMMUNIZATIONS
Thursdays 11-12 noon by
appointment at Cowell for
appointments call 497-4834
EXPECTANT/NEW
MOTHERS GROUP
3rd Friday of the month 1-3 p.m.
E.V. Center Recreation Room for
information call 497-1171 or 497-
4834
STANFORD SPOUSE
SUPPORT NETWORK
2nd and 4th Thursdays of the
month 8 p.m. E.V. Administration
Bldg. for information call 856-
1795. All student spouses
welcome.
COUNSELING FOR
INTERNATIONAL
STUDENTS
Counseling available for
individuals or couples at the
International Center with
Charlotte Siegel, M.S.W. For
appointment call 497-1831
FAMILY NOTES
IMMUNIZATION
CLINIC
Wednesdays 1-2:30 p.m. by
appointment. Escondido Village
Center for appointments, for
information call 497-1171 or 497-
4834
COWELL
PEDIATRIC
IMMUNIZATIONS
Thursdays 11-12 noon by
appointment at Cowell for
appointments call 497-4834
EXPECTANT/NEW
MOTHERS GROUP
3rd Friday of the month 1-3 p.m.
E.V. Center Recreation Room for
information call 497-1171 or 497-
4834
STANFORD SPOUSE
SUPPORT NETWORK
2nd and 4th Thursdays of the
month 8 p.m. E.V. Administration
Bldg. for information call 856-
1795. All student spouses
welcome.
COUNSELING FOR
INTERNATIONAL
STUDENTS
Counseling available for
individuals or couples at the
International Center with
Charlotte Siegel, M.S.W. For
appointment call 497-1831
FAMILY NOTES
IMMUNIZATION
CLINIC
Wednesdays 1-2:30 p.m. by
appointment. Escondido Village
Center for appointments, for
information call 497-1171 or 497-
4834
COWELL
PEDIATRIC
IMMUNIZATIONS
Thursdays 11-12 noon by
appointment at Cowell for
appointments call 497-4834
EXPECTANT/NEW
MOTHERS GROUP
3rd Friday of the month 1-3 p.m.
E.V. Center Recreation Room for
information call 497-1171 or 497-
4834
STANFORD SPOUSE
SUPPORT NETWORK
2nd and 4th Thursdays of the
month 8 p.m. E.V. Administration
Bldg. for information call 856-
1795. All student spouses
welcome.
COUNSELING FOR
INTERNATIONAL
STUDENTS
Counseling available for
individuals or couples at the
International Center with
Charlotte Siegel, M.S.W. For
appointment call 497-1831
FAMILY NOTES
IMMUNIZATION
CLINIC
Wednesdays 1-2:30 p.m. by
appointment. Escondido Village
Center for appointments, for
information call 497-1171 or 497-
4834
COWELL
PEDIATRIC
IMMUNIZATIONS
Thursdays 11-12 noon by
appointment at Cowell for
appointments call 497-4834
EXPECTANT/NEW
MOTHERS GROUP
3rd Friday of the month 1-3 p.m.
E.V. Center Recreation Room for
information call 497-1171 or 497-
4834
STANFORD SPOUSE
SUPPORT NETWORK
2nd and 4th Thursdays of the
month 8 p.m. E.V. Administration
Bldg. for information call 856-
1795. All student spouses
welcome.
COUNSELING FOR
INTERNATIONAL
STUDENTS
Counseling available for
individuals or couples at the
International Center with
Charlotte Siegel, M.S.W. For
appointment call 497-1831
FAMILY NOTES
IMMUNIZATION
CLINIC
Wednesdays 1-2:30 p.m. by
appointment. Escondido Village
Center for appointments, for
information call 497-1171 or 497-
4834
COWELL
PEDIATRIC
IMMUNIZATIONS
Thursdays 11-12 noon by
appointment at Cowell for
appointments call 497-4834
EXPECTANT/NEW
MOTHERS GROUP
3rd Friday of the month 1-3 p.m.
E.V. Center Recreation Room for
information call 497-1171 or 497-
4834
STANFORD SPOUSE
SUPPORT NETWORK
2nd and 4th Thursdays of the
month 8 p.m. E.V. Administration
Bldg. for information call 856-
1795. All student spouses
welcome.
COUNSELING FOR
INTERNATIONAL
STUDENTS
Counseling available for
individuals or couples at the
International Center with
Charlotte Siegel, M.S.W. For
appointment call 497-1831
FAMILY NOTES
IMMUNIZATION
CLINIC
Wednesdays 1-2:30 p.m. by
appointment. Escondido Village
Center for appointments, for
information call 497-1171 or 497-
4834
COWELL
PEDIATRIC
IMMUNIZATIONS
Thursdays 11-12 noon by
appointment at Cowell for
appointments call 497-4834
EXPECTANT/NEW
MOTHERS GROUP
3rd Friday of the month 1-3 p.m.
E.V. Center Recreation Room for
information call 497-1171 or 497-
4834
STANFORD SPOUSE
SUPPORT NETWORK
2nd and 4th Thursdays of the
month 8 p.m. E.V. Administration
Bldg. for information call 856-
1795. All student spouses
welcome.
COUNSELING FOR
INTERNATIONAL
STUDENTS
Counseling available for
individuals or couples at the
International Center with
Charlotte Siegel, M.S.W. For
appointment call 497-1831
