# Blood mobile Unit To Come to Area
## 
### 
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank Mobile Unit will be at Men
lo Park Recreation Center, 501
Laurel Ave., Menlo Park, on Fri
day, May 3, from 3 to 7 p.m.
Students who are interested in
giving * blood at this time may
contact Ed Carmick, 543 Stern
Hall. A permission slip signed by
a parent or guardian is required
for those under 21.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank Mobile Unit will be at Men
lo Park Recreation Center, 501
Laurel Ave., Menlo Park, on Fri
day, May 3, from 3 to 7 p.m.
Students who are interested in
giving * blood at this time may
contact Ed Carmick, 543 Stern
Hall. A permission slip signed by
a parent or guardian is required
for those under 21.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank Mobile Unit will be at Men
lo Park Recreation Center, 501
Laurel Ave., Menlo Park, on Fri
day, May 3, from 3 to 7 p.m.
Students who are interested in
giving * blood at this time may
contact Ed Carmick, 543 Stern
Hall. A permission slip signed by
a parent or guardian is required
for those under 21.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank Mobile Unit will be at Men
lo Park Recreation Center, 501
Laurel Ave., Menlo Park, on Fri
day, May 3, from 3 to 7 p.m.
Students who are interested in
giving * blood at this time may
contact Ed Carmick, 543 Stern
Hall. A permission slip signed by
a parent or guardian is required
for those under 21.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank Mobile Unit will be at Men
lo Park Recreation Center, 501
Laurel Ave., Menlo Park, on Fri
day, May 3, from 3 to 7 p.m.
Students who are interested in
giving * blood at this time may
contact Ed Carmick, 543 Stern
Hall. A permission slip signed by
a parent or guardian is required
for those under 21.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank Mobile Unit will be at Men
lo Park Recreation Center, 501
Laurel Ave., Menlo Park, on Fri
day, May 3, from 3 to 7 p.m.
Students who are interested in
giving * blood at this time may
contact Ed Carmick, 543 Stern
Hall. A permission slip signed by
a parent or guardian is required
for those under 21.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank Mobile Unit will be at Men
lo Park Recreation Center, 501
Laurel Ave., Menlo Park, on Fri
day, May 3, from 3 to 7 p.m.
Students who are interested in
giving * blood at this time may
contact Ed Carmick, 543 Stern
Hall. A permission slip signed by
a parent or guardian is required
for those under 21.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank Mobile Unit will be at Men
lo Park Recreation Center, 501
Laurel Ave., Menlo Park, on Fri
day, May 3, from 3 to 7 p.m.
Students who are interested in
giving * blood at this time may
contact Ed Carmick, 543 Stern
Hall. A permission slip signed by
a parent or guardian is required
for those under 21.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank Mobile Unit will be at Men
lo Park Recreation Center, 501
Laurel Ave., Menlo Park, on Fri
day, May 3, from 3 to 7 p.m.
Students who are interested in
giving * blood at this time may
contact Ed Carmick, 543 Stern
Hall. A permission slip signed by
a parent or guardian is required
for those under 21.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank Mobile Unit will be at Men
lo Park Recreation Center, 501
Laurel Ave., Menlo Park, on Fri
day, May 3, from 3 to 7 p.m.
Students who are interested in
giving * blood at this time may
contact Ed Carmick, 543 Stern
Hall. A permission slip signed by
a parent or guardian is required
for those under 21.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank Mobile Unit will be at Men
lo Park Recreation Center, 501
Laurel Ave., Menlo Park, on Fri
day, May 3, from 3 to 7 p.m.
Students who are interested in
giving * blood at this time may
contact Ed Carmick, 543 Stern
Hall. A permission slip signed by
a parent or guardian is required
for those under 21.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank Mobile Unit will be at Men
lo Park Recreation Center, 501
Laurel Ave., Menlo Park, on Fri
day, May 3, from 3 to 7 p.m.
Students who are interested in
giving * blood at this time may
contact Ed Carmick, 543 Stern
Hall. A permission slip signed by
a parent or guardian is required
for those under 21.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank Mobile Unit will be at Men
lo Park Recreation Center, 501
Laurel Ave., Menlo Park, on Fri
day, May 3, from 3 to 7 p.m.
Students who are interested in
giving * blood at this time may
contact Ed Carmick, 543 Stern
Hall. A permission slip signed by
a parent or guardian is required
for those under 21.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank Mobile Unit will be at Men
lo Park Recreation Center, 501
Laurel Ave., Menlo Park, on Fri
day, May 3, from 3 to 7 p.m.
Students who are interested in
giving * blood at this time may
contact Ed Carmick, 543 Stern
Hall. A permission slip signed by
a parent or guardian is required
for those under 21.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank Mobile Unit will be at Men
lo Park Recreation Center, 501
Laurel Ave., Menlo Park, on Fri
day, May 3, from 3 to 7 p.m.
Students who are interested in
giving * blood at this time may
contact Ed Carmick, 543 Stern
Hall. A permission slip signed by
a parent or guardian is required
for those under 21.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank Mobile Unit will be at Men
lo Park Recreation Center, 501
Laurel Ave., Menlo Park, on Fri
day, May 3, from 3 to 7 p.m.
Students who are interested in
giving * blood at this time may
contact Ed Carmick, 543 Stern
Hall. A permission slip signed by
a parent or guardian is required
for those under 21.
