# Ex-Card Mermen Moore, Weiser Smash Records
## 
### 
Two ex-Stanford varsity swim
mers, Robin Moore and John Wei
ser, broke two American records
and one national junior mark and
won three championships last
Saturday in the Southwest Cham
pionships.
In the San Diego meet, Moore
set a new American long course
record for the 50-yard freestyle
of 22.7. The previous mark of
22.8 had stood for 30 years and
was held by John Weismuller.
Moore also captured the 100-yard
freestyle championship and the
100-yard butterfly stroke title.
In the backstroke, Weiser, a
graduate student, broke the
American long course 50 - yard
backstroke mark formerly held
by Adolph Kiefer at 27.6. Wei
ser's lime was 26.9. Weiser also
won the junior national cham
pionship for the 220-yard back
stroke, smashing the U.S. record
by 10 seconds with his time of
2:31.


ROBIN MOORE
At San Diego, a Record
