# Vaccination Slips Deadline Near
## 
### 
Vaccination certificates are di
next Monday from students wh
entered Ihe University this qua
ter. A $2 fine will be charged fc
failure to comply wilh the deai
line.
Vaccination certificates are di
next Monday from students wh
entered Ihe University this qua
ter. A $2 fine will be charged fc
failure to comply wilh the deai
line.
Vaccination certificates are di
next Monday from students wh
entered Ihe University this qua
ter. A $2 fine will be charged fc
failure to comply wilh the deai
line.
Vaccination certificates are di
next Monday from students wh
entered Ihe University this qua
ter. A $2 fine will be charged fc
failure to comply wilh the deai
line.
Vaccination certificates are di
next Monday from students wh
entered Ihe University this qua
ter. A $2 fine will be charged fc
failure to comply wilh the deai
line.
Vaccination certificates are di
next Monday from students wh
entered Ihe University this qua
ter. A $2 fine will be charged fc
failure to comply wilh the deai
line.
Vaccination certificates are di
next Monday from students wh
entered Ihe University this qua
ter. A $2 fine will be charged fc
failure to comply wilh the deai
line.
Vaccination certificates are di
next Monday from students wh
entered Ihe University this qua
ter. A $2 fine will be charged fc
failure to comply wilh the deai
line.
Vaccination certificates are di
next Monday from students wh
entered Ihe University this qua
ter. A $2 fine will be charged fc
failure to comply wilh the deai
line.
Vaccination certificates are di
next Monday from students wh
entered Ihe University this qua
ter. A $2 fine will be charged fc
failure to comply wilh the deai
line.
Vaccination certificates are di
next Monday from students wh
entered Ihe University this qua
ter. A $2 fine will be charged fc
failure to comply wilh the deai
line.
Vaccination certificates are di
next Monday from students wh
entered Ihe University this qua
ter. A $2 fine will be charged fc
failure to comply wilh the deai
line.
Vaccination certificates are di
next Monday from students wh
entered Ihe University this qua
ter. A $2 fine will be charged fc
failure to comply wilh the deai
line.
Vaccination certificates are di
next Monday from students wh
entered Ihe University this qua
ter. A $2 fine will be charged fc
failure to comply wilh the deai
line.
Vaccination certificates are di
next Monday from students wh
entered Ihe University this qua
ter. A $2 fine will be charged fc
failure to comply wilh the deai
line.
Vaccination certificates are di
next Monday from students wh
entered Ihe University this qua
ter. A $2 fine will be charged fc
failure to comply wilh the deai
line.
