# INSURANCE COURSE WITHDRAWN QUASI CONTRACTS SUBSTITUTED
## 
### 
Because of an attack of acute appendi
citis last week, Professor Edward H.
Decker of the University of Oregon has
been prevented from becoming a mem
ber of the summer quarter Law School
faculty at Stanford, and the course in
Insurance which he was to give has been
withdrawn.
In the place of Professor Decker, Pro
fessor Charles E. Carpenter, also of the
University of Oregon Law School, has
been called to Stanford and will give a
course in Quasi Contracts, running
through the tirst half of that quarter.
Because of an attack of acute appendi
citis last week, Professor Edward H.
Decker of the University of Oregon has
been prevented from becoming a mem
ber of the summer quarter Law School
faculty at Stanford, and the course in
Insurance which he was to give has been
withdrawn.
In the place of Professor Decker, Pro
fessor Charles E. Carpenter, also of the
University of Oregon Law School, has
been called to Stanford and will give a
course in Quasi Contracts, running
through the tirst half of that quarter.
Because of an attack of acute appendi
citis last week, Professor Edward H.
Decker of the University of Oregon has
been prevented from becoming a mem
ber of the summer quarter Law School
faculty at Stanford, and the course in
Insurance which he was to give has been
withdrawn.
In the place of Professor Decker, Pro
fessor Charles E. Carpenter, also of the
University of Oregon Law School, has
been called to Stanford and will give a
course in Quasi Contracts, running
through the tirst half of that quarter.
Because of an attack of acute appendi
citis last week, Professor Edward H.
Decker of the University of Oregon has
been prevented from becoming a mem
ber of the summer quarter Law School
faculty at Stanford, and the course in
Insurance which he was to give has been
withdrawn.
In the place of Professor Decker, Pro
fessor Charles E. Carpenter, also of the
University of Oregon Law School, has
been called to Stanford and will give a
course in Quasi Contracts, running
through the tirst half of that quarter.
Because of an attack of acute appendi
citis last week, Professor Edward H.
Decker of the University of Oregon has
been prevented from becoming a mem
ber of the summer quarter Law School
faculty at Stanford, and the course in
Insurance which he was to give has been
withdrawn.
In the place of Professor Decker, Pro
fessor Charles E. Carpenter, also of the
University of Oregon Law School, has
been called to Stanford and will give a
course in Quasi Contracts, running
through the tirst half of that quarter.
Because of an attack of acute appendi
citis last week, Professor Edward H.
Decker of the University of Oregon has
been prevented from becoming a mem
ber of the summer quarter Law School
faculty at Stanford, and the course in
Insurance which he was to give has been
withdrawn.
In the place of Professor Decker, Pro
fessor Charles E. Carpenter, also of the
University of Oregon Law School, has
been called to Stanford and will give a
course in Quasi Contracts, running
through the tirst half of that quarter.
Because of an attack of acute appendi
citis last week, Professor Edward H.
Decker of the University of Oregon has
been prevented from becoming a mem
ber of the summer quarter Law School
faculty at Stanford, and the course in
Insurance which he was to give has been
withdrawn.
In the place of Professor Decker, Pro
fessor Charles E. Carpenter, also of the
University of Oregon Law School, has
been called to Stanford and will give a
course in Quasi Contracts, running
through the tirst half of that quarter.
Because of an attack of acute appendi
citis last week, Professor Edward H.
Decker of the University of Oregon has
been prevented from becoming a mem
ber of the summer quarter Law School
faculty at Stanford, and the course in
Insurance which he was to give has been
withdrawn.
In the place of Professor Decker, Pro
fessor Charles E. Carpenter, also of the
University of Oregon Law School, has
been called to Stanford and will give a
course in Quasi Contracts, running
through the tirst half of that quarter.
Because of an attack of acute appendi
citis last week, Professor Edward H.
Decker of the University of Oregon has
been prevented from becoming a mem
ber of the summer quarter Law School
faculty at Stanford, and the course in
Insurance which he was to give has been
withdrawn.
In the place of Professor Decker, Pro
fessor Charles E. Carpenter, also of the
University of Oregon Law School, has
been called to Stanford and will give a
course in Quasi Contracts, running
through the tirst half of that quarter.
Because of an attack of acute appendi
citis last week, Professor Edward H.
Decker of the University of Oregon has
been prevented from becoming a mem
ber of the summer quarter Law School
faculty at Stanford, and the course in
Insurance which he was to give has been
withdrawn.
In the place of Professor Decker, Pro
fessor Charles E. Carpenter, also of the
University of Oregon Law School, has
been called to Stanford and will give a
course in Quasi Contracts, running
through the tirst half of that quarter.
Because of an attack of acute appendi
citis last week, Professor Edward H.
Decker of the University of Oregon has
been prevented from becoming a mem
ber of the summer quarter Law School
faculty at Stanford, and the course in
Insurance which he was to give has been
withdrawn.
In the place of Professor Decker, Pro
fessor Charles E. Carpenter, also of the
University of Oregon Law School, has
been called to Stanford and will give a
course in Quasi Contracts, running
through the tirst half of that quarter.
Because of an attack of acute appendi
citis last week, Professor Edward H.
Decker of the University of Oregon has
been prevented from becoming a mem
ber of the summer quarter Law School
faculty at Stanford, and the course in
Insurance which he was to give has been
withdrawn.
In the place of Professor Decker, Pro
fessor Charles E. Carpenter, also of the
University of Oregon Law School, has
been called to Stanford and will give a
course in Quasi Contracts, running
through the tirst half of that quarter.
Because of an attack of acute appendi
citis last week, Professor Edward H.
Decker of the University of Oregon has
been prevented from becoming a mem
ber of the summer quarter Law School
faculty at Stanford, and the course in
Insurance which he was to give has been
withdrawn.
In the place of Professor Decker, Pro
fessor Charles E. Carpenter, also of the
University of Oregon Law School, has
been called to Stanford and will give a
course in Quasi Contracts, running
through the tirst half of that quarter.
Because of an attack of acute appendi
citis last week, Professor Edward H.
Decker of the University of Oregon has
been prevented from becoming a mem
ber of the summer quarter Law School
faculty at Stanford, and the course in
Insurance which he was to give has been
withdrawn.
In the place of Professor Decker, Pro
fessor Charles E. Carpenter, also of the
University of Oregon Law School, has
been called to Stanford and will give a
course in Quasi Contracts, running
through the tirst half of that quarter.
Because of an attack of acute appendi
citis last week, Professor Edward H.
Decker of the University of Oregon has
been prevented from becoming a mem
ber of the summer quarter Law School
faculty at Stanford, and the course in
Insurance which he was to give has been
withdrawn.
In the place of Professor Decker, Pro
fessor Charles E. Carpenter, also of the
University of Oregon Law School, has
been called to Stanford and will give a
course in Quasi Contracts, running
through the tirst half of that quarter.
