# Fitch Elected Section Secretary.
## 
### 
At a meeting of the Political Sec
tion of the Social Service Club yes
terday Harold Fitch, '07, was unani
mously elected secretary of the sec
tion. Fitch will get into communica
tion with Section President K. A.
Bickel, '07, in his absence, and the
plans of the body will thus be im
mediately laid.
At a meeting of the Political Sec
tion of the Social Service Club yes
terday Harold Fitch, '07, was unani
mously elected secretary of the sec
tion. Fitch will get into communica
tion with Section President K. A.
Bickel, '07, in his absence, and the
plans of the body will thus be im
mediately laid.
At a meeting of the Political Sec
tion of the Social Service Club yes
terday Harold Fitch, '07, was unani
mously elected secretary of the sec
tion. Fitch will get into communica
tion with Section President K. A.
Bickel, '07, in his absence, and the
plans of the body will thus be im
mediately laid.
At a meeting of the Political Sec
tion of the Social Service Club yes
terday Harold Fitch, '07, was unani
mously elected secretary of the sec
tion. Fitch will get into communica
tion with Section President K. A.
Bickel, '07, in his absence, and the
plans of the body will thus be im
mediately laid.
At a meeting of the Political Sec
tion of the Social Service Club yes
terday Harold Fitch, '07, was unani
mously elected secretary of the sec
tion. Fitch will get into communica
tion with Section President K. A.
Bickel, '07, in his absence, and the
plans of the body will thus be im
mediately laid.
At a meeting of the Political Sec
tion of the Social Service Club yes
terday Harold Fitch, '07, was unani
mously elected secretary of the sec
tion. Fitch will get into communica
tion with Section President K. A.
Bickel, '07, in his absence, and the
plans of the body will thus be im
mediately laid.
At a meeting of the Political Sec
tion of the Social Service Club yes
terday Harold Fitch, '07, was unani
mously elected secretary of the sec
tion. Fitch will get into communica
tion with Section President K. A.
Bickel, '07, in his absence, and the
plans of the body will thus be im
mediately laid.
At a meeting of the Political Sec
tion of the Social Service Club yes
terday Harold Fitch, '07, was unani
mously elected secretary of the sec
tion. Fitch will get into communica
tion with Section President K. A.
Bickel, '07, in his absence, and the
plans of the body will thus be im
mediately laid.
At a meeting of the Political Sec
tion of the Social Service Club yes
terday Harold Fitch, '07, was unani
mously elected secretary of the sec
tion. Fitch will get into communica
tion with Section President K. A.
Bickel, '07, in his absence, and the
plans of the body will thus be im
mediately laid.
