# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—The Juniors of the University of
California have decided to pay an
assessment of $7.50 to enable the
management of the "Blue and Gold"
to publish a creditable class book.
—The Juniors of the University of
California have decided to pay an
assessment of $7.50 to enable the
management of the "Blue and Gold"
to publish a creditable class book.
—The Juniors of the University of
California have decided to pay an
assessment of $7.50 to enable the
management of the "Blue and Gold"
to publish a creditable class book.
—The Juniors of the University of
California have decided to pay an
assessment of $7.50 to enable the
management of the "Blue and Gold"
to publish a creditable class book.
—The Juniors of the University of
California have decided to pay an
assessment of $7.50 to enable the
management of the "Blue and Gold"
to publish a creditable class book.
—The Juniors of the University of
California have decided to pay an
assessment of $7.50 to enable the
management of the "Blue and Gold"
to publish a creditable class book.
—The Juniors of the University of
California have decided to pay an
assessment of $7.50 to enable the
management of the "Blue and Gold"
to publish a creditable class book.
—The Juniors of the University of
California have decided to pay an
assessment of $7.50 to enable the
management of the "Blue and Gold"
to publish a creditable class book.
—The Juniors of the University of
California have decided to pay an
assessment of $7.50 to enable the
management of the "Blue and Gold"
to publish a creditable class book.
