# A 						NEW POINT FOR THE AXIS
## 
### 

THE BRITISH ARMY has adopted a new type bayonet, shorter, lighter,
mid more needlelike than the old one. The new weapon, which lends
itself to mass production, is shown above in comparison with the old.

THE BRITISH ARMY has adopted a new type bayonet, shorter, lighter,
mid more needlelike than the old one. The new weapon, which lends
itself to mass production, is shown above in comparison with the old.

THE BRITISH ARMY has adopted a new type bayonet, shorter, lighter,
mid more needlelike than the old one. The new weapon, which lends
itself to mass production, is shown above in comparison with the old.

THE BRITISH ARMY has adopted a new type bayonet, shorter, lighter,
mid more needlelike than the old one. The new weapon, which lends
itself to mass production, is shown above in comparison with the old.

THE BRITISH ARMY has adopted a new type bayonet, shorter, lighter,
mid more needlelike than the old one. The new weapon, which lends
itself to mass production, is shown above in comparison with the old.

THE BRITISH ARMY has adopted a new type bayonet, shorter, lighter,
mid more needlelike than the old one. The new weapon, which lends
itself to mass production, is shown above in comparison with the old.

THE BRITISH ARMY has adopted a new type bayonet, shorter, lighter,
mid more needlelike than the old one. The new weapon, which lends
itself to mass production, is shown above in comparison with the old.

THE BRITISH ARMY has adopted a new type bayonet, shorter, lighter,
mid more needlelike than the old one. The new weapon, which lends
itself to mass production, is shown above in comparison with the old.

THE BRITISH ARMY has adopted a new type bayonet, shorter, lighter,
mid more needlelike than the old one. The new weapon, which lends
itself to mass production, is shown above in comparison with the old.

THE BRITISH ARMY has adopted a new type bayonet, shorter, lighter,
mid more needlelike than the old one. The new weapon, which lends
itself to mass production, is shown above in comparison with the old.

THE BRITISH ARMY has adopted a new type bayonet, shorter, lighter,
mid more needlelike than the old one. The new weapon, which lends
itself to mass production, is shown above in comparison with the old.

THE BRITISH ARMY has adopted a new type bayonet, shorter, lighter,
mid more needlelike than the old one. The new weapon, which lends
itself to mass production, is shown above in comparison with the old.

THE BRITISH ARMY has adopted a new type bayonet, shorter, lighter,
mid more needlelike than the old one. The new weapon, which lends
itself to mass production, is shown above in comparison with the old.

THE BRITISH ARMY has adopted a new type bayonet, shorter, lighter,
mid more needlelike than the old one. The new weapon, which lends
itself to mass production, is shown above in comparison with the old.

THE BRITISH ARMY has adopted a new type bayonet, shorter, lighter,
mid more needlelike than the old one. The new weapon, which lends
itself to mass production, is shown above in comparison with the old.

THE BRITISH ARMY has adopted a new type bayonet, shorter, lighter,
mid more needlelike than the old one. The new weapon, which lends
itself to mass production, is shown above in comparison with the old.

THE BRITISH ARMY has adopted a new type bayonet, shorter, lighter,
mid more needlelike than the old one. The new weapon, which lends
itself to mass production, is shown above in comparison with the old.

THE BRITISH ARMY has adopted a new type bayonet, shorter, lighter,
mid more needlelike than the old one. The new weapon, which lends
itself to mass production, is shown above in comparison with the old.
