# TROSKY SUPPING
## 
### 
One man who isn'l going to give
much more for baseball is Hal
Trosky. Ihe Cleveland captain
could hardly got around last year.
One man who isn'l going to give
much more for baseball is Hal
Trosky. Ihe Cleveland captain
could hardly got around last year.
One man who isn'l going to give
much more for baseball is Hal
Trosky. Ihe Cleveland captain
could hardly got around last year.
One man who isn'l going to give
much more for baseball is Hal
Trosky. Ihe Cleveland captain
could hardly got around last year.
One man who isn'l going to give
much more for baseball is Hal
Trosky. Ihe Cleveland captain
could hardly got around last year.
One man who isn'l going to give
much more for baseball is Hal
Trosky. Ihe Cleveland captain
could hardly got around last year.
One man who isn'l going to give
much more for baseball is Hal
Trosky. Ihe Cleveland captain
could hardly got around last year.
One man who isn'l going to give
much more for baseball is Hal
Trosky. Ihe Cleveland captain
could hardly got around last year.
One man who isn'l going to give
much more for baseball is Hal
Trosky. Ihe Cleveland captain
could hardly got around last year.
One man who isn'l going to give
much more for baseball is Hal
Trosky. Ihe Cleveland captain
could hardly got around last year.
One man who isn'l going to give
much more for baseball is Hal
Trosky. Ihe Cleveland captain
could hardly got around last year.
One man who isn'l going to give
much more for baseball is Hal
Trosky. Ihe Cleveland captain
could hardly got around last year.
One man who isn'l going to give
much more for baseball is Hal
Trosky. Ihe Cleveland captain
could hardly got around last year.
One man who isn'l going to give
much more for baseball is Hal
Trosky. Ihe Cleveland captain
could hardly got around last year.
One man who isn'l going to give
much more for baseball is Hal
Trosky. Ihe Cleveland captain
could hardly got around last year.
One man who isn'l going to give
much more for baseball is Hal
Trosky. Ihe Cleveland captain
could hardly got around last year.
One man who isn'l going to give
much more for baseball is Hal
Trosky. Ihe Cleveland captain
could hardly got around last year.
One man who isn'l going to give
much more for baseball is Hal
Trosky. Ihe Cleveland captain
could hardly got around last year.
