# Zeta Psi Rushing Tonight After 3 Year Suspension
## 
### 
Returning to the campus after a
three-year suspension, the Stanford
chapter (Mu) of Zeta Psi Fraternity
will hold its first open house tonight
at 7:30 at the I-Center and another
will follow on Feb. 21. The Zetes were
the first fraternity to be established
at Stanford.
John Hanson, Dean of Fraternities,
explained that the Zetes were sus
pended because of a discipline prob
lem. "The suspension was the result
of a long series of incidents," Hanson
said.
The house was suspended by the
administration with the knowledge
and good wishes of Zete alumni. Han
son emphasized that "this is a clean
start, the Zete house is totally open
and there's nothing but opportunity
there."
Alumni Aid
Jim Stephenson, Zete chapter presi
dent in 1953, explained how Zete rush
will be conducted this year. A commit
tee of eight men, all Stanford Zete
alumni, will control the house's re-es
tablishment. A large and enthusiastic
group of Zete alumni, almost 100, will
be on hand to help during rush. Jack
Ditz, President of the Stanford Buck
Club, is co-chairman of the rush.

The Zetes plan to fill their house
immediately. Out of a capacity of
about 50, 35 are to be occupied by
freshman. Stephenson said that he en
couraged all types of men to rush
Zete. He said, however, that Zeta Psi
will be a "top" house.
