# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Town & Country Pharmacy
introductory offer
pens
BRUSHES
SCALES
TRAVEL
APPLIANCES
PIPES
TOYS
KITES
TENNIS BALLS
CHECK
CASHING
S 1
OFF
any purchase of $4 or more
Across the street from Stanford
on El Camino
326-1932
CAMERAS
PARTY GOODS
PLUSH ANIMALS
JEWELRY
COSMETICS
POST OFFICE
COPY MACHINF
CALCULATORS
BATTERIES
TOBACCO
VITAMINS
MAGAZINES
PAPERBACKS
Town & Country Pharmacy
introductory offer
pens
BRUSHES
SCALES
TRAVEL
APPLIANCES
PIPES
TOYS
KITES
TENNIS BALLS
CHECK
CASHING
S 1
OFF
any purchase of $4 or more
Across the street from Stanford
on El Camino
326-1932
CAMERAS
PARTY GOODS
PLUSH ANIMALS
JEWELRY
COSMETICS
POST OFFICE
COPY MACHINF
CALCULATORS
BATTERIES
TOBACCO
VITAMINS
MAGAZINES
PAPERBACKS
Town & Country Pharmacy
introductory offer
pens
BRUSHES
SCALES
TRAVEL
APPLIANCES
PIPES
TOYS
KITES
TENNIS BALLS
CHECK
CASHING
S 1
OFF
any purchase of $4 or more
Across the street from Stanford
on El Camino
326-1932
CAMERAS
PARTY GOODS
PLUSH ANIMALS
JEWELRY
COSMETICS
POST OFFICE
COPY MACHINF
CALCULATORS
BATTERIES
TOBACCO
VITAMINS
MAGAZINES
PAPERBACKS
Town & Country Pharmacy
introductory offer
pens
BRUSHES
SCALES
TRAVEL
APPLIANCES
PIPES
TOYS
KITES
TENNIS BALLS
CHECK
CASHING
S 1
OFF
any purchase of $4 or more
Across the street from Stanford
on El Camino
326-1932
CAMERAS
PARTY GOODS
PLUSH ANIMALS
JEWELRY
COSMETICS
POST OFFICE
COPY MACHINF
CALCULATORS
BATTERIES
TOBACCO
VITAMINS
MAGAZINES
PAPERBACKS
Town & Country Pharmacy
introductory offer
pens
BRUSHES
SCALES
TRAVEL
APPLIANCES
PIPES
TOYS
KITES
TENNIS BALLS
CHECK
CASHING
S 1
OFF
any purchase of $4 or more
Across the street from Stanford
on El Camino
326-1932
CAMERAS
PARTY GOODS
PLUSH ANIMALS
JEWELRY
COSMETICS
POST OFFICE
COPY MACHINF
CALCULATORS
BATTERIES
TOBACCO
VITAMINS
MAGAZINES
PAPERBACKS
Town & Country Pharmacy
introductory offer
pens
BRUSHES
SCALES
TRAVEL
APPLIANCES
PIPES
TOYS
KITES
TENNIS BALLS
CHECK
CASHING
S 1
OFF
any purchase of $4 or more
Across the street from Stanford
on El Camino
326-1932
CAMERAS
PARTY GOODS
PLUSH ANIMALS
JEWELRY
COSMETICS
POST OFFICE
COPY MACHINF
CALCULATORS
BATTERIES
TOBACCO
VITAMINS
MAGAZINES
PAPERBACKS
Town & Country Pharmacy
introductory offer
pens
BRUSHES
SCALES
TRAVEL
APPLIANCES
PIPES
TOYS
KITES
TENNIS BALLS
CHECK
CASHING
S 1
OFF
any purchase of $4 or more
Across the street from Stanford
on El Camino
326-1932
CAMERAS
PARTY GOODS
PLUSH ANIMALS
JEWELRY
COSMETICS
POST OFFICE
COPY MACHINF
CALCULATORS
BATTERIES
TOBACCO
VITAMINS
MAGAZINES
PAPERBACKS
