# Adv. 10 Page 5
## 
### 
Attention all
Daily readers! The
Daily is looking for
an at-large edito
rial board member
to contribute to
Daily editorials.
Also, the Daily still
needs a weekly
summer columnist.
Anyone interested
in being a colum
nist should submit
a sample column
ASAP to Jennifer
Schmid at the
Daily offices.
Anyone interested
in being an at-large
edit board member
should call Jennifer
723-4632 or 323-
8412.
Attention all
Daily readers! The
Daily is looking for
an at-large edito
rial board member
to contribute to
Daily editorials.
Also, the Daily still
needs a weekly
summer columnist.
Anyone interested
in being a colum
nist should submit
a sample column
ASAP to Jennifer
Schmid at the
Daily offices.
Anyone interested
in being an at-large
edit board member
should call Jennifer
723-4632 or 323-
8412.
Attention all
Daily readers! The
Daily is looking for
an at-large edito
rial board member
to contribute to
Daily editorials.
Also, the Daily still
needs a weekly
summer columnist.
Anyone interested
in being a colum
nist should submit
a sample column
ASAP to Jennifer
Schmid at the
Daily offices.
Anyone interested
in being an at-large
edit board member
should call Jennifer
723-4632 or 323-
8412.
Attention all
Daily readers! The
Daily is looking for
an at-large edito
rial board member
to contribute to
Daily editorials.
Also, the Daily still
needs a weekly
summer columnist.
Anyone interested
in being a colum
nist should submit
a sample column
ASAP to Jennifer
Schmid at the
Daily offices.
Anyone interested
in being an at-large
edit board member
should call Jennifer
723-4632 or 323-
8412.
Attention all
Daily readers! The
Daily is looking for
an at-large edito
rial board member
to contribute to
Daily editorials.
Also, the Daily still
needs a weekly
summer columnist.
Anyone interested
in being a colum
nist should submit
a sample column
ASAP to Jennifer
Schmid at the
Daily offices.
Anyone interested
in being an at-large
edit board member
should call Jennifer
723-4632 or 323-
8412.
Attention all
Daily readers! The
Daily is looking for
an at-large edito
rial board member
to contribute to
Daily editorials.
Also, the Daily still
needs a weekly
summer columnist.
Anyone interested
in being a colum
nist should submit
a sample column
ASAP to Jennifer
Schmid at the
Daily offices.
Anyone interested
in being an at-large
edit board member
should call Jennifer
723-4632 or 323-
8412.
Attention all
Daily readers! The
Daily is looking for
an at-large edito
rial board member
to contribute to
Daily editorials.
Also, the Daily still
needs a weekly
summer columnist.
Anyone interested
in being a colum
nist should submit
a sample column
ASAP to Jennifer
Schmid at the
Daily offices.
Anyone interested
in being an at-large
edit board member
should call Jennifer
723-4632 or 323-
8412.
