# SPLENDOR ON THE GRASS
## 
### 
Spectators gaze at a
Mitchell antique, left,
dreaming of the Jazz Age
at Sunday's Concours
d'Elegance. Organizers lit
tered the intramural field
with priceless gems from
the world of luxury
automobiles. The misty,
genteel fantasies engen
dered by the Mitchell were
not for everyone, however.
Several visitors chose to
lavish their attentions on
the sleek and sporty Ford
below.

Photos by Joe Dew


Spectators gaze at a
Mitchell antique, left,
dreaming of the Jazz Age
at Sunday's Concours
d'Elegance. Organizers lit
tered the intramural field
with priceless gems from
the world of luxury
automobiles. The misty,
genteel fantasies engen
dered by the Mitchell were
not for everyone, however.
Several visitors chose to
lavish their attentions on
the sleek and sporty Ford
below.

Photos by Joe Dew


Spectators gaze at a
Mitchell antique, left,
dreaming of the Jazz Age
at Sunday's Concours
d'Elegance. Organizers lit
tered the intramural field
with priceless gems from
the world of luxury
automobiles. The misty,
genteel fantasies engen
dered by the Mitchell were
not for everyone, however.
Several visitors chose to
lavish their attentions on
the sleek and sporty Ford
below.

Photos by Joe Dew


Spectators gaze at a
Mitchell antique, left,
dreaming of the Jazz Age
at Sunday's Concours
d'Elegance. Organizers lit
tered the intramural field
with priceless gems from
the world of luxury
automobiles. The misty,
genteel fantasies engen
dered by the Mitchell were
not for everyone, however.
Several visitors chose to
lavish their attentions on
the sleek and sporty Ford
below.

Photos by Joe Dew


Spectators gaze at a
Mitchell antique, left,
dreaming of the Jazz Age
at Sunday's Concours
d'Elegance. Organizers lit
tered the intramural field
with priceless gems from
the world of luxury
automobiles. The misty,
genteel fantasies engen
dered by the Mitchell were
not for everyone, however.
Several visitors chose to
lavish their attentions on
the sleek and sporty Ford
below.

Photos by Joe Dew


Spectators gaze at a
Mitchell antique, left,
dreaming of the Jazz Age
at Sunday's Concours
d'Elegance. Organizers lit
tered the intramural field
with priceless gems from
the world of luxury
automobiles. The misty,
genteel fantasies engen
dered by the Mitchell were
not for everyone, however.
Several visitors chose to
lavish their attentions on
the sleek and sporty Ford
below.

Photos by Joe Dew


Spectators gaze at a
Mitchell antique, left,
dreaming of the Jazz Age
at Sunday's Concours
d'Elegance. Organizers lit
tered the intramural field
with priceless gems from
the world of luxury
automobiles. The misty,
genteel fantasies engen
dered by the Mitchell were
not for everyone, however.
Several visitors chose to
lavish their attentions on
the sleek and sporty Ford
below.

Photos by Joe Dew


