# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Gigglefest
Robin Williams and follow jokester Jose
Simon incitc picnickers to riotous laughter
in the second annual South Bay Comedy Pic
nic in Frost Amphitheater on Saturday. Wil
liams, along with 25 other comedians, sent
ripples of snorts and snickers through the
estimated crowd of 3,000 sun-baked subur
banites.
Photos by Eric Jones and April Pearson

Gigglefest
Robin Williams and follow jokester Jose
Simon incitc picnickers to riotous laughter
in the second annual South Bay Comedy Pic
nic in Frost Amphitheater on Saturday. Wil
liams, along with 25 other comedians, sent
ripples of snorts and snickers through the
estimated crowd of 3,000 sun-baked subur
banites.
Photos by Eric Jones and April Pearson

Gigglefest
Robin Williams and follow jokester Jose
Simon incitc picnickers to riotous laughter
in the second annual South Bay Comedy Pic
nic in Frost Amphitheater on Saturday. Wil
liams, along with 25 other comedians, sent
ripples of snorts and snickers through the
estimated crowd of 3,000 sun-baked subur
banites.
Photos by Eric Jones and April Pearson

Gigglefest
Robin Williams and follow jokester Jose
Simon incitc picnickers to riotous laughter
in the second annual South Bay Comedy Pic
nic in Frost Amphitheater on Saturday. Wil
liams, along with 25 other comedians, sent
ripples of snorts and snickers through the
estimated crowd of 3,000 sun-baked subur
banites.
Photos by Eric Jones and April Pearson

Gigglefest
Robin Williams and follow jokester Jose
Simon incitc picnickers to riotous laughter
in the second annual South Bay Comedy Pic
nic in Frost Amphitheater on Saturday. Wil
liams, along with 25 other comedians, sent
ripples of snorts and snickers through the
estimated crowd of 3,000 sun-baked subur
banites.
Photos by Eric Jones and April Pearson

Gigglefest
Robin Williams and follow jokester Jose
Simon incitc picnickers to riotous laughter
in the second annual South Bay Comedy Pic
nic in Frost Amphitheater on Saturday. Wil
liams, along with 25 other comedians, sent
ripples of snorts and snickers through the
estimated crowd of 3,000 sun-baked subur
banites.
Photos by Eric Jones and April Pearson

Gigglefest
Robin Williams and follow jokester Jose
Simon incitc picnickers to riotous laughter
in the second annual South Bay Comedy Pic
nic in Frost Amphitheater on Saturday. Wil
liams, along with 25 other comedians, sent
ripples of snorts and snickers through the
estimated crowd of 3,000 sun-baked subur
banites.
Photos by Eric Jones and April Pearson
