# Physics Lab Bids Out Soon
## 
### 
Stanford's proposed Paw
soil H. Varian Laboratory of
Physics should bo completed
in the first half of 1962, rather
than in 1963 as earlier re
ported.
According to Leonard I.
Schiff, head of the Physics
Department, bids will go out
this week and should be in
early in February. Construc
tion should start in March or
April. Schiff expects the
building to be completed in
the Spring of 1962 so the de
partment can move in during
the Summer.
The new facility will be
helpful to other departments
in the University, according
to George E. Pake, in charge
of the department committee
on the project. "When the
Physics Department vacates
its present quarters on Quad,
it will provide much-needed
space for other departments,"
he said.
