# UC Student Leaps to Death
## 
### 
Apparently despondent over his
grades a University of California
honor student leaped to his death
yesterday morning from the 307-
foot high Campanile tower on the
campus.
John Herbert Patterson, 11, a
sophomore engineering student
and on the freshman honor roll,
leaped off the tower while guard
Tony Marken's back was turned.
Patterson's roommate said ho
joked about committing suicide
before Christmas, but seemed to
be in good spirits on returning
from vacation.
The first death from the Cam
panile occured April. 1939. Since
that death a guard is on duty at
all times.
Apparently despondent over his
grades a University of California
honor student leaped to his death
yesterday morning from the 307-
foot high Campanile tower on the
campus.
John Herbert Patterson, 11, a
sophomore engineering student
and on the freshman honor roll,
leaped off the tower while guard
Tony Marken's back was turned.
Patterson's roommate said ho
joked about committing suicide
before Christmas, but seemed to
be in good spirits on returning
from vacation.
The first death from the Cam
panile occured April. 1939. Since
that death a guard is on duty at
all times.
Apparently despondent over his
grades a University of California
honor student leaped to his death
yesterday morning from the 307-
foot high Campanile tower on the
campus.
John Herbert Patterson, 11, a
sophomore engineering student
and on the freshman honor roll,
leaped off the tower while guard
Tony Marken's back was turned.
Patterson's roommate said ho
joked about committing suicide
before Christmas, but seemed to
be in good spirits on returning
from vacation.
The first death from the Cam
panile occured April. 1939. Since
that death a guard is on duty at
all times.
Apparently despondent over his
grades a University of California
honor student leaped to his death
yesterday morning from the 307-
foot high Campanile tower on the
campus.
John Herbert Patterson, 11, a
sophomore engineering student
and on the freshman honor roll,
leaped off the tower while guard
Tony Marken's back was turned.
Patterson's roommate said ho
joked about committing suicide
before Christmas, but seemed to
be in good spirits on returning
from vacation.
The first death from the Cam
panile occured April. 1939. Since
that death a guard is on duty at
all times.
Apparently despondent over his
grades a University of California
honor student leaped to his death
yesterday morning from the 307-
foot high Campanile tower on the
campus.
John Herbert Patterson, 11, a
sophomore engineering student
and on the freshman honor roll,
leaped off the tower while guard
Tony Marken's back was turned.
Patterson's roommate said ho
joked about committing suicide
before Christmas, but seemed to
be in good spirits on returning
from vacation.
The first death from the Cam
panile occured April. 1939. Since
that death a guard is on duty at
all times.
Apparently despondent over his
grades a University of California
honor student leaped to his death
yesterday morning from the 307-
foot high Campanile tower on the
campus.
John Herbert Patterson, 11, a
sophomore engineering student
and on the freshman honor roll,
leaped off the tower while guard
Tony Marken's back was turned.
Patterson's roommate said ho
joked about committing suicide
before Christmas, but seemed to
be in good spirits on returning
from vacation.
The first death from the Cam
panile occured April. 1939. Since
that death a guard is on duty at
all times.
Apparently despondent over his
grades a University of California
honor student leaped to his death
yesterday morning from the 307-
foot high Campanile tower on the
campus.
John Herbert Patterson, 11, a
sophomore engineering student
and on the freshman honor roll,
leaped off the tower while guard
Tony Marken's back was turned.
Patterson's roommate said ho
joked about committing suicide
before Christmas, but seemed to
be in good spirits on returning
from vacation.
The first death from the Cam
panile occured April. 1939. Since
that death a guard is on duty at
all times.
Apparently despondent over his
grades a University of California
honor student leaped to his death
yesterday morning from the 307-
foot high Campanile tower on the
campus.
John Herbert Patterson, 11, a
sophomore engineering student
and on the freshman honor roll,
leaped off the tower while guard
Tony Marken's back was turned.
Patterson's roommate said ho
joked about committing suicide
before Christmas, but seemed to
be in good spirits on returning
from vacation.
The first death from the Cam
panile occured April. 1939. Since
that death a guard is on duty at
all times.
Apparently despondent over his
grades a University of California
honor student leaped to his death
yesterday morning from the 307-
foot high Campanile tower on the
campus.
John Herbert Patterson, 11, a
sophomore engineering student
and on the freshman honor roll,
leaped off the tower while guard
Tony Marken's back was turned.
Patterson's roommate said ho
joked about committing suicide
before Christmas, but seemed to
be in good spirits on returning
from vacation.
The first death from the Cam
panile occured April. 1939. Since
that death a guard is on duty at
all times.
Apparently despondent over his
grades a University of California
honor student leaped to his death
yesterday morning from the 307-
foot high Campanile tower on the
campus.
John Herbert Patterson, 11, a
sophomore engineering student
and on the freshman honor roll,
leaped off the tower while guard
Tony Marken's back was turned.
Patterson's roommate said ho
joked about committing suicide
before Christmas, but seemed to
be in good spirits on returning
from vacation.
The first death from the Cam
panile occured April. 1939. Since
that death a guard is on duty at
all times.
Apparently despondent over his
grades a University of California
honor student leaped to his death
yesterday morning from the 307-
foot high Campanile tower on the
campus.
John Herbert Patterson, 11, a
sophomore engineering student
and on the freshman honor roll,
leaped off the tower while guard
Tony Marken's back was turned.
Patterson's roommate said ho
joked about committing suicide
before Christmas, but seemed to
be in good spirits on returning
from vacation.
The first death from the Cam
panile occured April. 1939. Since
that death a guard is on duty at
all times.
Apparently despondent over his
grades a University of California
honor student leaped to his death
yesterday morning from the 307-
foot high Campanile tower on the
campus.
John Herbert Patterson, 11, a
sophomore engineering student
and on the freshman honor roll,
leaped off the tower while guard
Tony Marken's back was turned.
Patterson's roommate said ho
joked about committing suicide
before Christmas, but seemed to
be in good spirits on returning
from vacation.
The first death from the Cam
panile occured April. 1939. Since
that death a guard is on duty at
all times.
Apparently despondent over his
grades a University of California
honor student leaped to his death
yesterday morning from the 307-
foot high Campanile tower on the
campus.
John Herbert Patterson, 11, a
sophomore engineering student
and on the freshman honor roll,
leaped off the tower while guard
Tony Marken's back was turned.
Patterson's roommate said ho
joked about committing suicide
before Christmas, but seemed to
be in good spirits on returning
from vacation.
The first death from the Cam
panile occured April. 1939. Since
that death a guard is on duty at
all times.
Apparently despondent over his
grades a University of California
honor student leaped to his death
yesterday morning from the 307-
foot high Campanile tower on the
campus.
John Herbert Patterson, 11, a
sophomore engineering student
and on the freshman honor roll,
leaped off the tower while guard
Tony Marken's back was turned.
Patterson's roommate said ho
joked about committing suicide
before Christmas, but seemed to
be in good spirits on returning
from vacation.
The first death from the Cam
panile occured April. 1939. Since
that death a guard is on duty at
all times.
Apparently despondent over his
grades a University of California
honor student leaped to his death
yesterday morning from the 307-
foot high Campanile tower on the
campus.
John Herbert Patterson, 11, a
sophomore engineering student
and on the freshman honor roll,
leaped off the tower while guard
Tony Marken's back was turned.
Patterson's roommate said ho
joked about committing suicide
before Christmas, but seemed to
be in good spirits on returning
from vacation.
The first death from the Cam
panile occured April. 1939. Since
that death a guard is on duty at
all times.
Apparently despondent over his
grades a University of California
honor student leaped to his death
yesterday morning from the 307-
foot high Campanile tower on the
campus.
John Herbert Patterson, 11, a
sophomore engineering student
and on the freshman honor roll,
leaped off the tower while guard
Tony Marken's back was turned.
Patterson's roommate said ho
joked about committing suicide
before Christmas, but seemed to
be in good spirits on returning
from vacation.
The first death from the Cam
panile occured April. 1939. Since
that death a guard is on duty at
all times.
