# IFC Sets Greek Week, Rush Dotes
## 
### 
Calendar dates for the two
biggest 112 raternit y social
events, Greek Week and
spring quarter rush, have
been confirmed by the Inter
fraternity Council.
Greek Week will be Feb.
13-18, beginning with the tra
ditional chariot race and ori
entation for freshmen to be
conducted at Wilbur Hall by
fraternity house presidents
and other members of the
IFC.
The Row will open its doors
to freshmen on the nights of
Feb. 14-15. Festivities will
continue Feb. 17 with the
queen's games at Alpine Beer
Gardens, formerly Rosotti's.
Climaxing the week's activi
ties will be the IFC Ball to
be held at Bay Meadows, to
feature the music of Charley
Bar net and Sylvester Grisby.
Spring quarter rushing is
scheduled to begin April 4
with three days of open
houses. Formal rush is slated
for April 6-9.
Calendar dates for the two
biggest 112 raternit y social
events, Greek Week and
spring quarter rush, have
been confirmed by the Inter
fraternity Council.
Greek Week will be Feb.
13-18, beginning with the tra
ditional chariot race and ori
entation for freshmen to be
conducted at Wilbur Hall by
fraternity house presidents
and other members of the
IFC.
The Row will open its doors
to freshmen on the nights of
Feb. 14-15. Festivities will
continue Feb. 17 with the
queen's games at Alpine Beer
Gardens, formerly Rosotti's.
Climaxing the week's activi
ties will be the IFC Ball to
be held at Bay Meadows, to
feature the music of Charley
Bar net and Sylvester Grisby.
Spring quarter rushing is
scheduled to begin April 4
with three days of open
houses. Formal rush is slated
for April 6-9.
Calendar dates for the two
biggest 112 raternit y social
events, Greek Week and
spring quarter rush, have
been confirmed by the Inter
fraternity Council.
Greek Week will be Feb.
13-18, beginning with the tra
ditional chariot race and ori
entation for freshmen to be
conducted at Wilbur Hall by
fraternity house presidents
and other members of the
IFC.
The Row will open its doors
to freshmen on the nights of
Feb. 14-15. Festivities will
continue Feb. 17 with the
queen's games at Alpine Beer
Gardens, formerly Rosotti's.
Climaxing the week's activi
ties will be the IFC Ball to
be held at Bay Meadows, to
feature the music of Charley
Bar net and Sylvester Grisby.
Spring quarter rushing is
scheduled to begin April 4
with three days of open
houses. Formal rush is slated
for April 6-9.
Calendar dates for the two
biggest 112 raternit y social
events, Greek Week and
spring quarter rush, have
been confirmed by the Inter
fraternity Council.
Greek Week will be Feb.
13-18, beginning with the tra
ditional chariot race and ori
entation for freshmen to be
conducted at Wilbur Hall by
fraternity house presidents
and other members of the
IFC.
The Row will open its doors
to freshmen on the nights of
Feb. 14-15. Festivities will
continue Feb. 17 with the
queen's games at Alpine Beer
Gardens, formerly Rosotti's.
Climaxing the week's activi
ties will be the IFC Ball to
be held at Bay Meadows, to
feature the music of Charley
Bar net and Sylvester Grisby.
Spring quarter rushing is
scheduled to begin April 4
with three days of open
houses. Formal rush is slated
for April 6-9.
Calendar dates for the two
biggest 112 raternit y social
events, Greek Week and
spring quarter rush, have
been confirmed by the Inter
fraternity Council.
Greek Week will be Feb.
13-18, beginning with the tra
ditional chariot race and ori
entation for freshmen to be
conducted at Wilbur Hall by
fraternity house presidents
and other members of the
IFC.
The Row will open its doors
to freshmen on the nights of
Feb. 14-15. Festivities will
continue Feb. 17 with the
queen's games at Alpine Beer
Gardens, formerly Rosotti's.
Climaxing the week's activi
ties will be the IFC Ball to
be held at Bay Meadows, to
feature the music of Charley
Bar net and Sylvester Grisby.
Spring quarter rushing is
scheduled to begin April 4
with three days of open
houses. Formal rush is slated
for April 6-9.
Calendar dates for the two
biggest 112 raternit y social
events, Greek Week and
spring quarter rush, have
been confirmed by the Inter
fraternity Council.
Greek Week will be Feb.
13-18, beginning with the tra
ditional chariot race and ori
entation for freshmen to be
conducted at Wilbur Hall by
fraternity house presidents
and other members of the
IFC.
The Row will open its doors
to freshmen on the nights of
Feb. 14-15. Festivities will
continue Feb. 17 with the
queen's games at Alpine Beer
Gardens, formerly Rosotti's.
Climaxing the week's activi
ties will be the IFC Ball to
be held at Bay Meadows, to
feature the music of Charley
Bar net and Sylvester Grisby.
Spring quarter rushing is
scheduled to begin April 4
with three days of open
houses. Formal rush is slated
for April 6-9.
Calendar dates for the two
biggest 112 raternit y social
events, Greek Week and
spring quarter rush, have
been confirmed by the Inter
fraternity Council.
Greek Week will be Feb.
13-18, beginning with the tra
ditional chariot race and ori
entation for freshmen to be
conducted at Wilbur Hall by
fraternity house presidents
and other members of the
IFC.
The Row will open its doors
to freshmen on the nights of
Feb. 14-15. Festivities will
continue Feb. 17 with the
queen's games at Alpine Beer
Gardens, formerly Rosotti's.
Climaxing the week's activi
ties will be the IFC Ball to
be held at Bay Meadows, to
feature the music of Charley
Bar net and Sylvester Grisby.
Spring quarter rushing is
scheduled to begin April 4
with three days of open
houses. Formal rush is slated
for April 6-9.
Calendar dates for the two
biggest 112 raternit y social
events, Greek Week and
spring quarter rush, have
been confirmed by the Inter
fraternity Council.
Greek Week will be Feb.
13-18, beginning with the tra
ditional chariot race and ori
entation for freshmen to be
conducted at Wilbur Hall by
fraternity house presidents
and other members of the
IFC.
The Row will open its doors
to freshmen on the nights of
Feb. 14-15. Festivities will
continue Feb. 17 with the
queen's games at Alpine Beer
Gardens, formerly Rosotti's.
Climaxing the week's activi
ties will be the IFC Ball to
be held at Bay Meadows, to
feature the music of Charley
Bar net and Sylvester Grisby.
Spring quarter rushing is
scheduled to begin April 4
with three days of open
houses. Formal rush is slated
for April 6-9.
Calendar dates for the two
biggest 112 raternit y social
events, Greek Week and
spring quarter rush, have
been confirmed by the Inter
fraternity Council.
Greek Week will be Feb.
13-18, beginning with the tra
ditional chariot race and ori
entation for freshmen to be
conducted at Wilbur Hall by
fraternity house presidents
and other members of the
IFC.
The Row will open its doors
to freshmen on the nights of
Feb. 14-15. Festivities will
continue Feb. 17 with the
queen's games at Alpine Beer
Gardens, formerly Rosotti's.
Climaxing the week's activi
ties will be the IFC Ball to
be held at Bay Meadows, to
feature the music of Charley
Bar net and Sylvester Grisby.
Spring quarter rushing is
scheduled to begin April 4
with three days of open
houses. Formal rush is slated
for April 6-9.
Calendar dates for the two
biggest 112 raternit y social
events, Greek Week and
spring quarter rush, have
been confirmed by the Inter
fraternity Council.
Greek Week will be Feb.
13-18, beginning with the tra
ditional chariot race and ori
entation for freshmen to be
conducted at Wilbur Hall by
fraternity house presidents
and other members of the
IFC.
The Row will open its doors
to freshmen on the nights of
Feb. 14-15. Festivities will
continue Feb. 17 with the
queen's games at Alpine Beer
Gardens, formerly Rosotti's.
Climaxing the week's activi
ties will be the IFC Ball to
be held at Bay Meadows, to
feature the music of Charley
Bar net and Sylvester Grisby.
Spring quarter rushing is
scheduled to begin April 4
with three days of open
houses. Formal rush is slated
for April 6-9.
Calendar dates for the two
biggest 112 raternit y social
events, Greek Week and
spring quarter rush, have
been confirmed by the Inter
fraternity Council.
Greek Week will be Feb.
13-18, beginning with the tra
ditional chariot race and ori
entation for freshmen to be
conducted at Wilbur Hall by
fraternity house presidents
and other members of the
IFC.
The Row will open its doors
to freshmen on the nights of
Feb. 14-15. Festivities will
continue Feb. 17 with the
queen's games at Alpine Beer
Gardens, formerly Rosotti's.
Climaxing the week's activi
ties will be the IFC Ball to
be held at Bay Meadows, to
feature the music of Charley
Bar net and Sylvester Grisby.
Spring quarter rushing is
scheduled to begin April 4
with three days of open
houses. Formal rush is slated
for April 6-9.
Calendar dates for the two
biggest 112 raternit y social
events, Greek Week and
spring quarter rush, have
been confirmed by the Inter
fraternity Council.
Greek Week will be Feb.
13-18, beginning with the tra
ditional chariot race and ori
entation for freshmen to be
conducted at Wilbur Hall by
fraternity house presidents
and other members of the
IFC.
The Row will open its doors
to freshmen on the nights of
Feb. 14-15. Festivities will
continue Feb. 17 with the
queen's games at Alpine Beer
Gardens, formerly Rosotti's.
Climaxing the week's activi
ties will be the IFC Ball to
be held at Bay Meadows, to
feature the music of Charley
Bar net and Sylvester Grisby.
Spring quarter rushing is
scheduled to begin April 4
with three days of open
houses. Formal rush is slated
for April 6-9.
Calendar dates for the two
biggest 112 raternit y social
events, Greek Week and
spring quarter rush, have
been confirmed by the Inter
fraternity Council.
Greek Week will be Feb.
13-18, beginning with the tra
ditional chariot race and ori
entation for freshmen to be
conducted at Wilbur Hall by
fraternity house presidents
and other members of the
IFC.
The Row will open its doors
to freshmen on the nights of
Feb. 14-15. Festivities will
continue Feb. 17 with the
queen's games at Alpine Beer
Gardens, formerly Rosotti's.
Climaxing the week's activi
ties will be the IFC Ball to
be held at Bay Meadows, to
feature the music of Charley
Bar net and Sylvester Grisby.
Spring quarter rushing is
scheduled to begin April 4
with three days of open
houses. Formal rush is slated
for April 6-9.
Calendar dates for the two
biggest 112 raternit y social
events, Greek Week and
spring quarter rush, have
been confirmed by the Inter
fraternity Council.
Greek Week will be Feb.
13-18, beginning with the tra
ditional chariot race and ori
entation for freshmen to be
conducted at Wilbur Hall by
fraternity house presidents
and other members of the
IFC.
The Row will open its doors
to freshmen on the nights of
Feb. 14-15. Festivities will
continue Feb. 17 with the
queen's games at Alpine Beer
Gardens, formerly Rosotti's.
Climaxing the week's activi
ties will be the IFC Ball to
be held at Bay Meadows, to
feature the music of Charley
Bar net and Sylvester Grisby.
Spring quarter rushing is
scheduled to begin April 4
with three days of open
houses. Formal rush is slated
for April 6-9.
Calendar dates for the two
biggest 112 raternit y social
events, Greek Week and
spring quarter rush, have
been confirmed by the Inter
fraternity Council.
Greek Week will be Feb.
13-18, beginning with the tra
ditional chariot race and ori
entation for freshmen to be
conducted at Wilbur Hall by
fraternity house presidents
and other members of the
IFC.
The Row will open its doors
to freshmen on the nights of
Feb. 14-15. Festivities will
continue Feb. 17 with the
queen's games at Alpine Beer
Gardens, formerly Rosotti's.
Climaxing the week's activi
ties will be the IFC Ball to
be held at Bay Meadows, to
feature the music of Charley
Bar net and Sylvester Grisby.
Spring quarter rushing is
scheduled to begin April 4
with three days of open
houses. Formal rush is slated
for April 6-9.
Calendar dates for the two
biggest 112 raternit y social
events, Greek Week and
spring quarter rush, have
been confirmed by the Inter
fraternity Council.
Greek Week will be Feb.
13-18, beginning with the tra
ditional chariot race and ori
entation for freshmen to be
conducted at Wilbur Hall by
fraternity house presidents
and other members of the
IFC.
The Row will open its doors
to freshmen on the nights of
Feb. 14-15. Festivities will
continue Feb. 17 with the
queen's games at Alpine Beer
Gardens, formerly Rosotti's.
Climaxing the week's activi
ties will be the IFC Ball to
be held at Bay Meadows, to
feature the music of Charley
Bar net and Sylvester Grisby.
Spring quarter rushing is
scheduled to begin April 4
with three days of open
houses. Formal rush is slated
for April 6-9.
