# Daily Sports
## Grad Student Sets Record as El Tigre Wins Harrier Title 
### 
Ted Burkhardt, a graduate stu
dent, set a new intramural cross
country record last Friday. Team
honors went to a strong El Tigre
squad, which placed three men in
the top twenty finishers.
Burkhardt was clocked in 8:53.8
breaking the previous mark of
9:16.5. Martin Hill, a freshman
living in Rinconada, also bettered
the old mark in finishing second
to Burkhardt. Hill’s time was
9:03.4.
El Tigre topped the team scor
ing with 39 points. Close behind
was Arroyo with 32. Terman fin
ished third with 20 on the
strength of Burkhardt’s first

place. Alpha Sigma Phi tied Ter-
man with 20 points, Rinconada
scared 19, and Madera had 18.
Scoring for the meet was done
on the basis of the first twenty
finishers, with points ranging
from 20 for first place to one for
twentieth. Ron Kelly was El
Tigie’s first man with a fourth
place. Other finishers were C.
Jameson, Madera, third place, and
Arthur Heers, Arroyo, fifth place.
