# Voters Kill Prop. 24; Amendment Unclear, Says Wasserstrom
## 
### PAGE EDWARDS 
Proposition 24 has been de
feated.
The amendment to the state
constitution which deals with de
fining and imposing sanctions on
communist and subversive orga
nizations was sloppily put to
gether and unclear, said Profes
sor Richard Wasserstrom of the
Law School and Philosophy De
partment in a discussion Thurs
day.

THK FACT THAT people voted
against the proposition seems to
mean that they read it and found
it lacked wisdom, said Wasser
strom last night.

The main objection of the prop
osition, said Wasserstrom, was in
section three which described the
way in which an organization
could be found subversive. A
question arises, he said, whether
a hearing was required prior to
the finding of the organization to
be subversive. Wasserstrom also
pointed out that nothing was said
as to whether or not the bodies
had the power to reach the find
ings and more important whether
the bodies were proper to make
the findings.
In Thursday’s discussion Was
serstrom described the proposi
tion to he “far too sweeping,
casts a net over people who
might be harmless and makes
any governmental body or state
official judges of who and what
are subversive.”
Proposition 24 has been de
feated.
The amendment to the state
constitution which deals with de
fining and imposing sanctions on
communist and subversive orga
nizations was sloppily put to
gether and unclear, said Profes
sor Richard Wasserstrom of the
Law School and Philosophy De
partment in a discussion Thurs
day.

THK FACT THAT people voted
against the proposition seems to
mean that they read it and found
it lacked wisdom, said Wasser
strom last night.

The main objection of the prop
osition, said Wasserstrom, was in
section three which described the
way in which an organization
could be found subversive. A
question arises, he said, whether
a hearing was required prior to
the finding of the organization to
be subversive. Wasserstrom also
pointed out that nothing was said
as to whether or not the bodies
had the power to reach the find
ings and more important whether
the bodies were proper to make
the findings.
In Thursday’s discussion Was
serstrom described the proposi
tion to he “far too sweeping,
casts a net over people who
might be harmless and makes
any governmental body or state
official judges of who and what
are subversive.”
Proposition 24 has been de
feated.
The amendment to the state
constitution which deals with de
fining and imposing sanctions on
communist and subversive orga
nizations was sloppily put to
gether and unclear, said Profes
sor Richard Wasserstrom of the
Law School and Philosophy De
partment in a discussion Thurs
day.

THK FACT THAT people voted
against the proposition seems to
mean that they read it and found
it lacked wisdom, said Wasser
strom last night.

The main objection of the prop
osition, said Wasserstrom, was in
section three which described the
way in which an organization
could be found subversive. A
question arises, he said, whether
a hearing was required prior to
the finding of the organization to
be subversive. Wasserstrom also
pointed out that nothing was said
as to whether or not the bodies
had the power to reach the find
ings and more important whether
the bodies were proper to make
the findings.
In Thursday’s discussion Was
serstrom described the proposi
tion to he “far too sweeping,
casts a net over people who
might be harmless and makes
any governmental body or state
official judges of who and what
are subversive.”
Proposition 24 has been de
feated.
The amendment to the state
constitution which deals with de
fining and imposing sanctions on
communist and subversive orga
nizations was sloppily put to
gether and unclear, said Profes
sor Richard Wasserstrom of the
Law School and Philosophy De
partment in a discussion Thurs
day.

THK FACT THAT people voted
against the proposition seems to
mean that they read it and found
it lacked wisdom, said Wasser
strom last night.

The main objection of the prop
osition, said Wasserstrom, was in
section three which described the
way in which an organization
could be found subversive. A
question arises, he said, whether
a hearing was required prior to
the finding of the organization to
be subversive. Wasserstrom also
pointed out that nothing was said
as to whether or not the bodies
had the power to reach the find
ings and more important whether
the bodies were proper to make
the findings.
In Thursday’s discussion Was
serstrom described the proposi
tion to he “far too sweeping,
casts a net over people who
might be harmless and makes
any governmental body or state
official judges of who and what
are subversive.”
Proposition 24 has been de
feated.
The amendment to the state
constitution which deals with de
fining and imposing sanctions on
communist and subversive orga
nizations was sloppily put to
gether and unclear, said Profes
sor Richard Wasserstrom of the
Law School and Philosophy De
partment in a discussion Thurs
day.

THK FACT THAT people voted
against the proposition seems to
mean that they read it and found
it lacked wisdom, said Wasser
strom last night.

The main objection of the prop
osition, said Wasserstrom, was in
section three which described the
way in which an organization
could be found subversive. A
question arises, he said, whether
a hearing was required prior to
the finding of the organization to
be subversive. Wasserstrom also
pointed out that nothing was said
as to whether or not the bodies
had the power to reach the find
ings and more important whether
the bodies were proper to make
the findings.
In Thursday’s discussion Was
serstrom described the proposi
tion to he “far too sweeping,
casts a net over people who
might be harmless and makes
any governmental body or state
official judges of who and what
are subversive.”
Proposition 24 has been de
feated.
The amendment to the state
constitution which deals with de
fining and imposing sanctions on
communist and subversive orga
nizations was sloppily put to
gether and unclear, said Profes
sor Richard Wasserstrom of the
Law School and Philosophy De
partment in a discussion Thurs
day.

THK FACT THAT people voted
against the proposition seems to
mean that they read it and found
it lacked wisdom, said Wasser
strom last night.

The main objection of the prop
osition, said Wasserstrom, was in
section three which described the
way in which an organization
could be found subversive. A
question arises, he said, whether
a hearing was required prior to
the finding of the organization to
be subversive. Wasserstrom also
pointed out that nothing was said
as to whether or not the bodies
had the power to reach the find
ings and more important whether
the bodies were proper to make
the findings.
In Thursday’s discussion Was
serstrom described the proposi
tion to he “far too sweeping,
casts a net over people who
might be harmless and makes
any governmental body or state
official judges of who and what
are subversive.”
Proposition 24 has been de
feated.
The amendment to the state
constitution which deals with de
fining and imposing sanctions on
communist and subversive orga
nizations was sloppily put to
gether and unclear, said Profes
sor Richard Wasserstrom of the
Law School and Philosophy De
partment in a discussion Thurs
day.

THK FACT THAT people voted
against the proposition seems to
mean that they read it and found
it lacked wisdom, said Wasser
strom last night.

The main objection of the prop
osition, said Wasserstrom, was in
section three which described the
way in which an organization
could be found subversive. A
question arises, he said, whether
a hearing was required prior to
the finding of the organization to
be subversive. Wasserstrom also
pointed out that nothing was said
as to whether or not the bodies
had the power to reach the find
ings and more important whether
the bodies were proper to make
the findings.
In Thursday’s discussion Was
serstrom described the proposi
tion to he “far too sweeping,
casts a net over people who
might be harmless and makes
any governmental body or state
official judges of who and what
are subversive.”
Proposition 24 has been de
feated.
The amendment to the state
constitution which deals with de
fining and imposing sanctions on
communist and subversive orga
nizations was sloppily put to
gether and unclear, said Profes
sor Richard Wasserstrom of the
Law School and Philosophy De
partment in a discussion Thurs
day.

THK FACT THAT people voted
against the proposition seems to
mean that they read it and found
it lacked wisdom, said Wasser
strom last night.

The main objection of the prop
osition, said Wasserstrom, was in
section three which described the
way in which an organization
could be found subversive. A
question arises, he said, whether
a hearing was required prior to
the finding of the organization to
be subversive. Wasserstrom also
pointed out that nothing was said
as to whether or not the bodies
had the power to reach the find
ings and more important whether
the bodies were proper to make
the findings.
In Thursday’s discussion Was
serstrom described the proposi
tion to he “far too sweeping,
casts a net over people who
might be harmless and makes
any governmental body or state
official judges of who and what
are subversive.”
Proposition 24 has been de
feated.
The amendment to the state
constitution which deals with de
fining and imposing sanctions on
communist and subversive orga
nizations was sloppily put to
gether and unclear, said Profes
sor Richard Wasserstrom of the
Law School and Philosophy De
partment in a discussion Thurs
day.

THK FACT THAT people voted
against the proposition seems to
mean that they read it and found
it lacked wisdom, said Wasser
strom last night.

The main objection of the prop
osition, said Wasserstrom, was in
section three which described the
way in which an organization
could be found subversive. A
question arises, he said, whether
a hearing was required prior to
the finding of the organization to
be subversive. Wasserstrom also
pointed out that nothing was said
as to whether or not the bodies
had the power to reach the find
ings and more important whether
the bodies were proper to make
the findings.
In Thursday’s discussion Was
serstrom described the proposi
tion to he “far too sweeping,
casts a net over people who
might be harmless and makes
any governmental body or state
official judges of who and what
are subversive.”
Proposition 24 has been de
feated.
The amendment to the state
constitution which deals with de
fining and imposing sanctions on
communist and subversive orga
nizations was sloppily put to
gether and unclear, said Profes
sor Richard Wasserstrom of the
Law School and Philosophy De
partment in a discussion Thurs
day.

THK FACT THAT people voted
against the proposition seems to
mean that they read it and found
it lacked wisdom, said Wasser
strom last night.

The main objection of the prop
osition, said Wasserstrom, was in
section three which described the
way in which an organization
could be found subversive. A
question arises, he said, whether
a hearing was required prior to
the finding of the organization to
be subversive. Wasserstrom also
pointed out that nothing was said
as to whether or not the bodies
had the power to reach the find
ings and more important whether
the bodies were proper to make
the findings.
In Thursday’s discussion Was
serstrom described the proposi
tion to he “far too sweeping,
casts a net over people who
might be harmless and makes
any governmental body or state
official judges of who and what
are subversive.”
Proposition 24 has been de
feated.
The amendment to the state
constitution which deals with de
fining and imposing sanctions on
communist and subversive orga
nizations was sloppily put to
gether and unclear, said Profes
sor Richard Wasserstrom of the
Law School and Philosophy De
partment in a discussion Thurs
day.

THK FACT THAT people voted
against the proposition seems to
mean that they read it and found
it lacked wisdom, said Wasser
strom last night.

The main objection of the prop
osition, said Wasserstrom, was in
section three which described the
way in which an organization
could be found subversive. A
question arises, he said, whether
a hearing was required prior to
the finding of the organization to
be subversive. Wasserstrom also
pointed out that nothing was said
as to whether or not the bodies
had the power to reach the find
ings and more important whether
the bodies were proper to make
the findings.
In Thursday’s discussion Was
serstrom described the proposi
tion to he “far too sweeping,
casts a net over people who
might be harmless and makes
any governmental body or state
official judges of who and what
are subversive.”
Proposition 24 has been de
feated.
The amendment to the state
constitution which deals with de
fining and imposing sanctions on
communist and subversive orga
nizations was sloppily put to
gether and unclear, said Profes
sor Richard Wasserstrom of the
Law School and Philosophy De
partment in a discussion Thurs
day.

THK FACT THAT people voted
against the proposition seems to
mean that they read it and found
it lacked wisdom, said Wasser
strom last night.

The main objection of the prop
osition, said Wasserstrom, was in
section three which described the
way in which an organization
could be found subversive. A
question arises, he said, whether
a hearing was required prior to
the finding of the organization to
be subversive. Wasserstrom also
pointed out that nothing was said
as to whether or not the bodies
had the power to reach the find
ings and more important whether
the bodies were proper to make
the findings.
In Thursday’s discussion Was
serstrom described the proposi
tion to he “far too sweeping,
casts a net over people who
might be harmless and makes
any governmental body or state
official judges of who and what
are subversive.”
Proposition 24 has been de
feated.
The amendment to the state
constitution which deals with de
fining and imposing sanctions on
communist and subversive orga
nizations was sloppily put to
gether and unclear, said Profes
sor Richard Wasserstrom of the
Law School and Philosophy De
partment in a discussion Thurs
day.

THK FACT THAT people voted
against the proposition seems to
mean that they read it and found
it lacked wisdom, said Wasser
strom last night.

The main objection of the prop
osition, said Wasserstrom, was in
section three which described the
way in which an organization
could be found subversive. A
question arises, he said, whether
a hearing was required prior to
the finding of the organization to
be subversive. Wasserstrom also
pointed out that nothing was said
as to whether or not the bodies
had the power to reach the find
ings and more important whether
the bodies were proper to make
the findings.
In Thursday’s discussion Was
serstrom described the proposi
tion to he “far too sweeping,
casts a net over people who
might be harmless and makes
any governmental body or state
official judges of who and what
are subversive.”
Proposition 24 has been de
feated.
The amendment to the state
constitution which deals with de
fining and imposing sanctions on
communist and subversive orga
nizations was sloppily put to
gether and unclear, said Profes
sor Richard Wasserstrom of the
Law School and Philosophy De
partment in a discussion Thurs
day.

THK FACT THAT people voted
against the proposition seems to
mean that they read it and found
it lacked wisdom, said Wasser
strom last night.

The main objection of the prop
osition, said Wasserstrom, was in
section three which described the
way in which an organization
could be found subversive. A
question arises, he said, whether
a hearing was required prior to
the finding of the organization to
be subversive. Wasserstrom also
pointed out that nothing was said
as to whether or not the bodies
had the power to reach the find
ings and more important whether
the bodies were proper to make
the findings.
In Thursday’s discussion Was
serstrom described the proposi
tion to he “far too sweeping,
casts a net over people who
might be harmless and makes
any governmental body or state
official judges of who and what
are subversive.”
Proposition 24 has been de
feated.
The amendment to the state
constitution which deals with de
fining and imposing sanctions on
communist and subversive orga
nizations was sloppily put to
gether and unclear, said Profes
sor Richard Wasserstrom of the
Law School and Philosophy De
partment in a discussion Thurs
day.

THK FACT THAT people voted
against the proposition seems to
mean that they read it and found
it lacked wisdom, said Wasser
strom last night.

The main objection of the prop
osition, said Wasserstrom, was in
section three which described the
way in which an organization
could be found subversive. A
question arises, he said, whether
a hearing was required prior to
the finding of the organization to
be subversive. Wasserstrom also
pointed out that nothing was said
as to whether or not the bodies
had the power to reach the find
ings and more important whether
the bodies were proper to make
the findings.
In Thursday’s discussion Was
serstrom described the proposi
tion to he “far too sweeping,
casts a net over people who
might be harmless and makes
any governmental body or state
official judges of who and what
are subversive.”
Proposition 24 has been de
feated.
The amendment to the state
constitution which deals with de
fining and imposing sanctions on
communist and subversive orga
nizations was sloppily put to
gether and unclear, said Profes
sor Richard Wasserstrom of the
Law School and Philosophy De
partment in a discussion Thurs
day.

THK FACT THAT people voted
against the proposition seems to
mean that they read it and found
it lacked wisdom, said Wasser
strom last night.

The main objection of the prop
osition, said Wasserstrom, was in
section three which described the
way in which an organization
could be found subversive. A
question arises, he said, whether
a hearing was required prior to
the finding of the organization to
be subversive. Wasserstrom also
pointed out that nothing was said
as to whether or not the bodies
had the power to reach the find
ings and more important whether
the bodies were proper to make
the findings.
In Thursday’s discussion Was
serstrom described the proposi
tion to he “far too sweeping,
casts a net over people who
might be harmless and makes
any governmental body or state
official judges of who and what
are subversive.”
Proposition 24 has been de
feated.
The amendment to the state
constitution which deals with de
fining and imposing sanctions on
communist and subversive orga
nizations was sloppily put to
gether and unclear, said Profes
sor Richard Wasserstrom of the
Law School and Philosophy De
partment in a discussion Thurs
day.

THK FACT THAT people voted
against the proposition seems to
mean that they read it and found
it lacked wisdom, said Wasser
strom last night.

The main objection of the prop
osition, said Wasserstrom, was in
section three which described the
way in which an organization
could be found subversive. A
question arises, he said, whether
a hearing was required prior to
the finding of the organization to
be subversive. Wasserstrom also
pointed out that nothing was said
as to whether or not the bodies
had the power to reach the find
ings and more important whether
the bodies were proper to make
the findings.
In Thursday’s discussion Was
serstrom described the proposi
tion to he “far too sweeping,
casts a net over people who
might be harmless and makes
any governmental body or state
official judges of who and what
are subversive.”
