# Stage Is Set For 'Back To Farm' Week
## Signups Needed For Hello Day Exchange Dinners 
### 
Persons wishing to participate in
the all-campus "Hello Day" ex
change dinners tomorrow night
should .sign up with their social
chairmen today. All living groups
are included in the exchange pro
gram, which is the climax of the
first day of "Back to the Farm"
Week.
Because of the 3:1 ratio at Stan
ford, only part of the men in the
larger halls will be able to enter
into (he exchanges planned for to
morrow, explained Sally Beach,
chairman. Hie exchange schedule
is as follows:
Cubberley - Phi Delt Durand -
Zetc; Guthrie - Chi P«i; Hurlburt-
Brtu; Jordan-Phi Psi; Lathrop-Theta
Dc't; Roth-Sigma Chi; Russell-Sig
ma Nu; Storey-ATO; Espanola and
Elm-Thcta Chi; Maison Franyaise-
Phi Sigs.
Manzanita-Alpha Delt; Madrono-
Delts; Mariposa-Theta Xi; Union-
Dekes, Fijis, and Kappa Sigs; Bran
ner - Du, SAE, AKL, Alpha Sig,
Delta Chi, KA, and Phi Kaps; La
gunita-Stern, Toyon, Crothers; Ro
ble-Encina; Casa Ventura-Village.
Opening with a day of exchanged
"How do you do's" on Quad and
finishing with a Farm interpretation
of the "Bacchanalc Brawl" on Fri
day night, the annual traditions re
vival will provide four days of cam
pus participation and entertain
ment.
The entire week is under the di
rection of Cardinals, which is fi
nancing all activities. Classes are
in charge of the various days, and
all classes will combine efforts in
sponsoring Olympic Day.
Persons wishing to participate in
the all-campus "Hello Day" ex
change dinners tomorrow night
should .sign up with their social
chairmen today. All living groups
are included in the exchange pro
gram, which is the climax of the
first day of "Back to the Farm"
Week.
Because of the 3:1 ratio at Stan
ford, only part of the men in the
larger halls will be able to enter
into (he exchanges planned for to
morrow, explained Sally Beach,
chairman. Hie exchange schedule
is as follows:
Cubberley - Phi Delt Durand -
Zetc; Guthrie - Chi P«i; Hurlburt-
Brtu; Jordan-Phi Psi; Lathrop-Theta
Dc't; Roth-Sigma Chi; Russell-Sig
ma Nu; Storey-ATO; Espanola and
Elm-Thcta Chi; Maison Franyaise-
Phi Sigs.
Manzanita-Alpha Delt; Madrono-
Delts; Mariposa-Theta Xi; Union-
Dekes, Fijis, and Kappa Sigs; Bran
ner - Du, SAE, AKL, Alpha Sig,
Delta Chi, KA, and Phi Kaps; La
gunita-Stern, Toyon, Crothers; Ro
ble-Encina; Casa Ventura-Village.
Opening with a day of exchanged
"How do you do's" on Quad and
finishing with a Farm interpretation
of the "Bacchanalc Brawl" on Fri
day night, the annual traditions re
vival will provide four days of cam
pus participation and entertain
ment.
The entire week is under the di
rection of Cardinals, which is fi
nancing all activities. Classes are
in charge of the various days, and
all classes will combine efforts in
sponsoring Olympic Day.
Persons wishing to participate in
the all-campus "Hello Day" ex
change dinners tomorrow night
should .sign up with their social
chairmen today. All living groups
are included in the exchange pro
gram, which is the climax of the
first day of "Back to the Farm"
Week.
Because of the 3:1 ratio at Stan
ford, only part of the men in the
larger halls will be able to enter
into (he exchanges planned for to
morrow, explained Sally Beach,
chairman. Hie exchange schedule
is as follows:
Cubberley - Phi Delt Durand -
Zetc; Guthrie - Chi P«i; Hurlburt-
Brtu; Jordan-Phi Psi; Lathrop-Theta
Dc't; Roth-Sigma Chi; Russell-Sig
ma Nu; Storey-ATO; Espanola and
Elm-Thcta Chi; Maison Franyaise-
Phi Sigs.
Manzanita-Alpha Delt; Madrono-
Delts; Mariposa-Theta Xi; Union-
Dekes, Fijis, and Kappa Sigs; Bran
ner - Du, SAE, AKL, Alpha Sig,
Delta Chi, KA, and Phi Kaps; La
gunita-Stern, Toyon, Crothers; Ro
ble-Encina; Casa Ventura-Village.
Opening with a day of exchanged
"How do you do's" on Quad and
finishing with a Farm interpretation
of the "Bacchanalc Brawl" on Fri
day night, the annual traditions re
vival will provide four days of cam
pus participation and entertain
ment.
The entire week is under the di
rection of Cardinals, which is fi
nancing all activities. Classes are
in charge of the various days, and
all classes will combine efforts in
sponsoring Olympic Day.
Persons wishing to participate in
the all-campus "Hello Day" ex
change dinners tomorrow night
should .sign up with their social
chairmen today. All living groups
are included in the exchange pro
gram, which is the climax of the
first day of "Back to the Farm"
Week.
Because of the 3:1 ratio at Stan
ford, only part of the men in the
larger halls will be able to enter
into (he exchanges planned for to
morrow, explained Sally Beach,
chairman. Hie exchange schedule
is as follows:
Cubberley - Phi Delt Durand -
Zetc; Guthrie - Chi P«i; Hurlburt-
Brtu; Jordan-Phi Psi; Lathrop-Theta
Dc't; Roth-Sigma Chi; Russell-Sig
ma Nu; Storey-ATO; Espanola and
Elm-Thcta Chi; Maison Franyaise-
Phi Sigs.
Manzanita-Alpha Delt; Madrono-
Delts; Mariposa-Theta Xi; Union-
Dekes, Fijis, and Kappa Sigs; Bran
ner - Du, SAE, AKL, Alpha Sig,
Delta Chi, KA, and Phi Kaps; La
gunita-Stern, Toyon, Crothers; Ro
ble-Encina; Casa Ventura-Village.
Opening with a day of exchanged
"How do you do's" on Quad and
finishing with a Farm interpretation
of the "Bacchanalc Brawl" on Fri
day night, the annual traditions re
vival will provide four days of cam
pus participation and entertain
ment.
The entire week is under the di
rection of Cardinals, which is fi
nancing all activities. Classes are
in charge of the various days, and
all classes will combine efforts in
sponsoring Olympic Day.
Persons wishing to participate in
the all-campus "Hello Day" ex
change dinners tomorrow night
should .sign up with their social
chairmen today. All living groups
are included in the exchange pro
gram, which is the climax of the
first day of "Back to the Farm"
Week.
Because of the 3:1 ratio at Stan
ford, only part of the men in the
larger halls will be able to enter
into (he exchanges planned for to
morrow, explained Sally Beach,
chairman. Hie exchange schedule
is as follows:
Cubberley - Phi Delt Durand -
Zetc; Guthrie - Chi P«i; Hurlburt-
Brtu; Jordan-Phi Psi; Lathrop-Theta
Dc't; Roth-Sigma Chi; Russell-Sig
ma Nu; Storey-ATO; Espanola and
Elm-Thcta Chi; Maison Franyaise-
Phi Sigs.
Manzanita-Alpha Delt; Madrono-
Delts; Mariposa-Theta Xi; Union-
Dekes, Fijis, and Kappa Sigs; Bran
ner - Du, SAE, AKL, Alpha Sig,
Delta Chi, KA, and Phi Kaps; La
gunita-Stern, Toyon, Crothers; Ro
ble-Encina; Casa Ventura-Village.
Opening with a day of exchanged
"How do you do's" on Quad and
finishing with a Farm interpretation
of the "Bacchanalc Brawl" on Fri
day night, the annual traditions re
vival will provide four days of cam
pus participation and entertain
ment.
The entire week is under the di
rection of Cardinals, which is fi
nancing all activities. Classes are
in charge of the various days, and
all classes will combine efforts in
sponsoring Olympic Day.
Persons wishing to participate in
the all-campus "Hello Day" ex
change dinners tomorrow night
should .sign up with their social
chairmen today. All living groups
are included in the exchange pro
gram, which is the climax of the
first day of "Back to the Farm"
Week.
Because of the 3:1 ratio at Stan
ford, only part of the men in the
larger halls will be able to enter
into (he exchanges planned for to
morrow, explained Sally Beach,
chairman. Hie exchange schedule
is as follows:
Cubberley - Phi Delt Durand -
Zetc; Guthrie - Chi P«i; Hurlburt-
Brtu; Jordan-Phi Psi; Lathrop-Theta
Dc't; Roth-Sigma Chi; Russell-Sig
ma Nu; Storey-ATO; Espanola and
Elm-Thcta Chi; Maison Franyaise-
Phi Sigs.
Manzanita-Alpha Delt; Madrono-
Delts; Mariposa-Theta Xi; Union-
Dekes, Fijis, and Kappa Sigs; Bran
ner - Du, SAE, AKL, Alpha Sig,
Delta Chi, KA, and Phi Kaps; La
gunita-Stern, Toyon, Crothers; Ro
ble-Encina; Casa Ventura-Village.
Opening with a day of exchanged
"How do you do's" on Quad and
finishing with a Farm interpretation
of the "Bacchanalc Brawl" on Fri
day night, the annual traditions re
vival will provide four days of cam
pus participation and entertain
ment.
The entire week is under the di
rection of Cardinals, which is fi
nancing all activities. Classes are
in charge of the various days, and
all classes will combine efforts in
sponsoring Olympic Day.
Persons wishing to participate in
the all-campus "Hello Day" ex
change dinners tomorrow night
should .sign up with their social
chairmen today. All living groups
are included in the exchange pro
gram, which is the climax of the
first day of "Back to the Farm"
Week.
Because of the 3:1 ratio at Stan
ford, only part of the men in the
larger halls will be able to enter
into (he exchanges planned for to
morrow, explained Sally Beach,
chairman. Hie exchange schedule
is as follows:
Cubberley - Phi Delt Durand -
Zetc; Guthrie - Chi P«i; Hurlburt-
Brtu; Jordan-Phi Psi; Lathrop-Theta
Dc't; Roth-Sigma Chi; Russell-Sig
ma Nu; Storey-ATO; Espanola and
Elm-Thcta Chi; Maison Franyaise-
Phi Sigs.
Manzanita-Alpha Delt; Madrono-
Delts; Mariposa-Theta Xi; Union-
Dekes, Fijis, and Kappa Sigs; Bran
ner - Du, SAE, AKL, Alpha Sig,
Delta Chi, KA, and Phi Kaps; La
gunita-Stern, Toyon, Crothers; Ro
ble-Encina; Casa Ventura-Village.
Opening with a day of exchanged
"How do you do's" on Quad and
finishing with a Farm interpretation
of the "Bacchanalc Brawl" on Fri
day night, the annual traditions re
vival will provide four days of cam
pus participation and entertain
ment.
The entire week is under the di
rection of Cardinals, which is fi
nancing all activities. Classes are
in charge of the various days, and
all classes will combine efforts in
sponsoring Olympic Day.
Persons wishing to participate in
the all-campus "Hello Day" ex
change dinners tomorrow night
should .sign up with their social
chairmen today. All living groups
are included in the exchange pro
gram, which is the climax of the
first day of "Back to the Farm"
Week.
Because of the 3:1 ratio at Stan
ford, only part of the men in the
larger halls will be able to enter
into (he exchanges planned for to
morrow, explained Sally Beach,
chairman. Hie exchange schedule
is as follows:
Cubberley - Phi Delt Durand -
Zetc; Guthrie - Chi P«i; Hurlburt-
Brtu; Jordan-Phi Psi; Lathrop-Theta
Dc't; Roth-Sigma Chi; Russell-Sig
ma Nu; Storey-ATO; Espanola and
Elm-Thcta Chi; Maison Franyaise-
Phi Sigs.
Manzanita-Alpha Delt; Madrono-
Delts; Mariposa-Theta Xi; Union-
Dekes, Fijis, and Kappa Sigs; Bran
ner - Du, SAE, AKL, Alpha Sig,
Delta Chi, KA, and Phi Kaps; La
gunita-Stern, Toyon, Crothers; Ro
ble-Encina; Casa Ventura-Village.
Opening with a day of exchanged
"How do you do's" on Quad and
finishing with a Farm interpretation
of the "Bacchanalc Brawl" on Fri
day night, the annual traditions re
vival will provide four days of cam
pus participation and entertain
ment.
The entire week is under the di
rection of Cardinals, which is fi
nancing all activities. Classes are
in charge of the various days, and
all classes will combine efforts in
sponsoring Olympic Day.
Persons wishing to participate in
the all-campus "Hello Day" ex
change dinners tomorrow night
should .sign up with their social
chairmen today. All living groups
are included in the exchange pro
gram, which is the climax of the
first day of "Back to the Farm"
Week.
Because of the 3:1 ratio at Stan
ford, only part of the men in the
larger halls will be able to enter
into (he exchanges planned for to
morrow, explained Sally Beach,
chairman. Hie exchange schedule
is as follows:
Cubberley - Phi Delt Durand -
Zetc; Guthrie - Chi P«i; Hurlburt-
Brtu; Jordan-Phi Psi; Lathrop-Theta
Dc't; Roth-Sigma Chi; Russell-Sig
ma Nu; Storey-ATO; Espanola and
Elm-Thcta Chi; Maison Franyaise-
Phi Sigs.
Manzanita-Alpha Delt; Madrono-
Delts; Mariposa-Theta Xi; Union-
Dekes, Fijis, and Kappa Sigs; Bran
ner - Du, SAE, AKL, Alpha Sig,
Delta Chi, KA, and Phi Kaps; La
gunita-Stern, Toyon, Crothers; Ro
ble-Encina; Casa Ventura-Village.
Opening with a day of exchanged
"How do you do's" on Quad and
finishing with a Farm interpretation
of the "Bacchanalc Brawl" on Fri
day night, the annual traditions re
vival will provide four days of cam
pus participation and entertain
ment.
The entire week is under the di
rection of Cardinals, which is fi
nancing all activities. Classes are
in charge of the various days, and
all classes will combine efforts in
sponsoring Olympic Day.
Persons wishing to participate in
the all-campus "Hello Day" ex
change dinners tomorrow night
should .sign up with their social
chairmen today. All living groups
are included in the exchange pro
gram, which is the climax of the
first day of "Back to the Farm"
Week.
Because of the 3:1 ratio at Stan
ford, only part of the men in the
larger halls will be able to enter
into (he exchanges planned for to
morrow, explained Sally Beach,
chairman. Hie exchange schedule
is as follows:
Cubberley - Phi Delt Durand -
Zetc; Guthrie - Chi P«i; Hurlburt-
Brtu; Jordan-Phi Psi; Lathrop-Theta
Dc't; Roth-Sigma Chi; Russell-Sig
ma Nu; Storey-ATO; Espanola and
Elm-Thcta Chi; Maison Franyaise-
Phi Sigs.
Manzanita-Alpha Delt; Madrono-
Delts; Mariposa-Theta Xi; Union-
Dekes, Fijis, and Kappa Sigs; Bran
ner - Du, SAE, AKL, Alpha Sig,
Delta Chi, KA, and Phi Kaps; La
gunita-Stern, Toyon, Crothers; Ro
ble-Encina; Casa Ventura-Village.
Opening with a day of exchanged
"How do you do's" on Quad and
finishing with a Farm interpretation
of the "Bacchanalc Brawl" on Fri
day night, the annual traditions re
vival will provide four days of cam
pus participation and entertain
ment.
The entire week is under the di
rection of Cardinals, which is fi
nancing all activities. Classes are
in charge of the various days, and
all classes will combine efforts in
sponsoring Olympic Day.
Persons wishing to participate in
the all-campus "Hello Day" ex
change dinners tomorrow night
should .sign up with their social
chairmen today. All living groups
are included in the exchange pro
gram, which is the climax of the
first day of "Back to the Farm"
Week.
Because of the 3:1 ratio at Stan
ford, only part of the men in the
larger halls will be able to enter
into (he exchanges planned for to
morrow, explained Sally Beach,
chairman. Hie exchange schedule
is as follows:
Cubberley - Phi Delt Durand -
Zetc; Guthrie - Chi P«i; Hurlburt-
Brtu; Jordan-Phi Psi; Lathrop-Theta
Dc't; Roth-Sigma Chi; Russell-Sig
ma Nu; Storey-ATO; Espanola and
Elm-Thcta Chi; Maison Franyaise-
Phi Sigs.
Manzanita-Alpha Delt; Madrono-
Delts; Mariposa-Theta Xi; Union-
Dekes, Fijis, and Kappa Sigs; Bran
ner - Du, SAE, AKL, Alpha Sig,
Delta Chi, KA, and Phi Kaps; La
gunita-Stern, Toyon, Crothers; Ro
ble-Encina; Casa Ventura-Village.
Opening with a day of exchanged
"How do you do's" on Quad and
finishing with a Farm interpretation
of the "Bacchanalc Brawl" on Fri
day night, the annual traditions re
vival will provide four days of cam
pus participation and entertain
ment.
The entire week is under the di
rection of Cardinals, which is fi
nancing all activities. Classes are
in charge of the various days, and
all classes will combine efforts in
sponsoring Olympic Day.
Persons wishing to participate in
the all-campus "Hello Day" ex
change dinners tomorrow night
should .sign up with their social
chairmen today. All living groups
are included in the exchange pro
gram, which is the climax of the
first day of "Back to the Farm"
Week.
Because of the 3:1 ratio at Stan
ford, only part of the men in the
larger halls will be able to enter
into (he exchanges planned for to
morrow, explained Sally Beach,
chairman. Hie exchange schedule
is as follows:
Cubberley - Phi Delt Durand -
Zetc; Guthrie - Chi P«i; Hurlburt-
Brtu; Jordan-Phi Psi; Lathrop-Theta
Dc't; Roth-Sigma Chi; Russell-Sig
ma Nu; Storey-ATO; Espanola and
Elm-Thcta Chi; Maison Franyaise-
Phi Sigs.
Manzanita-Alpha Delt; Madrono-
Delts; Mariposa-Theta Xi; Union-
Dekes, Fijis, and Kappa Sigs; Bran
ner - Du, SAE, AKL, Alpha Sig,
Delta Chi, KA, and Phi Kaps; La
gunita-Stern, Toyon, Crothers; Ro
ble-Encina; Casa Ventura-Village.
Opening with a day of exchanged
"How do you do's" on Quad and
finishing with a Farm interpretation
of the "Bacchanalc Brawl" on Fri
day night, the annual traditions re
vival will provide four days of cam
pus participation and entertain
ment.
The entire week is under the di
rection of Cardinals, which is fi
nancing all activities. Classes are
in charge of the various days, and
all classes will combine efforts in
sponsoring Olympic Day.
Persons wishing to participate in
the all-campus "Hello Day" ex
change dinners tomorrow night
should .sign up with their social
chairmen today. All living groups
are included in the exchange pro
gram, which is the climax of the
first day of "Back to the Farm"
Week.
Because of the 3:1 ratio at Stan
ford, only part of the men in the
larger halls will be able to enter
into (he exchanges planned for to
morrow, explained Sally Beach,
chairman. Hie exchange schedule
is as follows:
Cubberley - Phi Delt Durand -
Zetc; Guthrie - Chi P«i; Hurlburt-
Brtu; Jordan-Phi Psi; Lathrop-Theta
Dc't; Roth-Sigma Chi; Russell-Sig
ma Nu; Storey-ATO; Espanola and
Elm-Thcta Chi; Maison Franyaise-
Phi Sigs.
Manzanita-Alpha Delt; Madrono-
Delts; Mariposa-Theta Xi; Union-
Dekes, Fijis, and Kappa Sigs; Bran
ner - Du, SAE, AKL, Alpha Sig,
Delta Chi, KA, and Phi Kaps; La
gunita-Stern, Toyon, Crothers; Ro
ble-Encina; Casa Ventura-Village.
Opening with a day of exchanged
"How do you do's" on Quad and
finishing with a Farm interpretation
of the "Bacchanalc Brawl" on Fri
day night, the annual traditions re
vival will provide four days of cam
pus participation and entertain
ment.
The entire week is under the di
rection of Cardinals, which is fi
nancing all activities. Classes are
in charge of the various days, and
all classes will combine efforts in
sponsoring Olympic Day.
Persons wishing to participate in
the all-campus "Hello Day" ex
change dinners tomorrow night
should .sign up with their social
chairmen today. All living groups
are included in the exchange pro
gram, which is the climax of the
first day of "Back to the Farm"
Week.
Because of the 3:1 ratio at Stan
ford, only part of the men in the
larger halls will be able to enter
into (he exchanges planned for to
morrow, explained Sally Beach,
chairman. Hie exchange schedule
is as follows:
Cubberley - Phi Delt Durand -
Zetc; Guthrie - Chi P«i; Hurlburt-
Brtu; Jordan-Phi Psi; Lathrop-Theta
Dc't; Roth-Sigma Chi; Russell-Sig
ma Nu; Storey-ATO; Espanola and
Elm-Thcta Chi; Maison Franyaise-
Phi Sigs.
Manzanita-Alpha Delt; Madrono-
Delts; Mariposa-Theta Xi; Union-
Dekes, Fijis, and Kappa Sigs; Bran
ner - Du, SAE, AKL, Alpha Sig,
Delta Chi, KA, and Phi Kaps; La
gunita-Stern, Toyon, Crothers; Ro
ble-Encina; Casa Ventura-Village.
Opening with a day of exchanged
"How do you do's" on Quad and
finishing with a Farm interpretation
of the "Bacchanalc Brawl" on Fri
day night, the annual traditions re
vival will provide four days of cam
pus participation and entertain
ment.
The entire week is under the di
rection of Cardinals, which is fi
nancing all activities. Classes are
in charge of the various days, and
all classes will combine efforts in
sponsoring Olympic Day.
