# Bruin Tennis Team Edge Bears 5 to 4
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, April 9 OP)._
UCLA's tennis team edged Califor
nia. 5-4, to day in a Pacific Coast
Conference match postponed at the ;
halfway mark yesterday because of
rain.
The rain cost the Bruins the serv- j
ices of their nationally ranked ace.
Herbie Flam. He left for Houston, !
Tex., last night and had to forfeit
the third set of his match today. !
LOS ANGELES, April 9 OP)._
UCLA's tennis team edged Califor
nia. 5-4, to day in a Pacific Coast
Conference match postponed at the ;
halfway mark yesterday because of
rain.
The rain cost the Bruins the serv- j
ices of their nationally ranked ace.
Herbie Flam. He left for Houston, !
Tex., last night and had to forfeit
the third set of his match today. !
LOS ANGELES, April 9 OP)._
UCLA's tennis team edged Califor
nia. 5-4, to day in a Pacific Coast
Conference match postponed at the ;
halfway mark yesterday because of
rain.
The rain cost the Bruins the serv- j
ices of their nationally ranked ace.
Herbie Flam. He left for Houston, !
Tex., last night and had to forfeit
the third set of his match today. !
LOS ANGELES, April 9 OP)._
UCLA's tennis team edged Califor
nia. 5-4, to day in a Pacific Coast
Conference match postponed at the ;
halfway mark yesterday because of
rain.
The rain cost the Bruins the serv- j
ices of their nationally ranked ace.
Herbie Flam. He left for Houston, !
Tex., last night and had to forfeit
the third set of his match today. !
LOS ANGELES, April 9 OP)._
UCLA's tennis team edged Califor
nia. 5-4, to day in a Pacific Coast
Conference match postponed at the ;
halfway mark yesterday because of
rain.
The rain cost the Bruins the serv- j
ices of their nationally ranked ace.
Herbie Flam. He left for Houston, !
Tex., last night and had to forfeit
the third set of his match today. !
LOS ANGELES, April 9 OP)._
UCLA's tennis team edged Califor
nia. 5-4, to day in a Pacific Coast
Conference match postponed at the ;
halfway mark yesterday because of
rain.
The rain cost the Bruins the serv- j
ices of their nationally ranked ace.
Herbie Flam. He left for Houston, !
Tex., last night and had to forfeit
the third set of his match today. !
LOS ANGELES, April 9 OP)._
UCLA's tennis team edged Califor
nia. 5-4, to day in a Pacific Coast
Conference match postponed at the ;
halfway mark yesterday because of
rain.
The rain cost the Bruins the serv- j
ices of their nationally ranked ace.
Herbie Flam. He left for Houston, !
Tex., last night and had to forfeit
the third set of his match today. !
LOS ANGELES, April 9 OP)._
UCLA's tennis team edged Califor
nia. 5-4, to day in a Pacific Coast
Conference match postponed at the ;
halfway mark yesterday because of
rain.
The rain cost the Bruins the serv- j
ices of their nationally ranked ace.
Herbie Flam. He left for Houston, !
Tex., last night and had to forfeit
the third set of his match today. !
LOS ANGELES, April 9 OP)._
UCLA's tennis team edged Califor
nia. 5-4, to day in a Pacific Coast
Conference match postponed at the ;
halfway mark yesterday because of
rain.
The rain cost the Bruins the serv- j
ices of their nationally ranked ace.
Herbie Flam. He left for Houston, !
Tex., last night and had to forfeit
the third set of his match today. !
LOS ANGELES, April 9 OP)._
UCLA's tennis team edged Califor
nia. 5-4, to day in a Pacific Coast
Conference match postponed at the ;
halfway mark yesterday because of
rain.
The rain cost the Bruins the serv- j
ices of their nationally ranked ace.
Herbie Flam. He left for Houston, !
Tex., last night and had to forfeit
the third set of his match today. !
LOS ANGELES, April 9 OP)._
UCLA's tennis team edged Califor
nia. 5-4, to day in a Pacific Coast
Conference match postponed at the ;
halfway mark yesterday because of
rain.
The rain cost the Bruins the serv- j
ices of their nationally ranked ace.
Herbie Flam. He left for Houston, !
Tex., last night and had to forfeit
the third set of his match today. !
LOS ANGELES, April 9 OP)._
UCLA's tennis team edged Califor
nia. 5-4, to day in a Pacific Coast
Conference match postponed at the ;
halfway mark yesterday because of
rain.
The rain cost the Bruins the serv- j
ices of their nationally ranked ace.
Herbie Flam. He left for Houston, !
Tex., last night and had to forfeit
the third set of his match today. !
LOS ANGELES, April 9 OP)._
UCLA's tennis team edged Califor
nia. 5-4, to day in a Pacific Coast
Conference match postponed at the ;
halfway mark yesterday because of
rain.
The rain cost the Bruins the serv- j
ices of their nationally ranked ace.
Herbie Flam. He left for Houston, !
Tex., last night and had to forfeit
the third set of his match today. !
LOS ANGELES, April 9 OP)._
UCLA's tennis team edged Califor
nia. 5-4, to day in a Pacific Coast
Conference match postponed at the ;
halfway mark yesterday because of
rain.
The rain cost the Bruins the serv- j
ices of their nationally ranked ace.
Herbie Flam. He left for Houston, !
Tex., last night and had to forfeit
the third set of his match today. !
