# Adv. 9 Page 4
## 
### 
Submit your opin
ions, beliefs, senti
ments, convictions,
feelings, attitudes and
conjectures to the Daily
opinion editors.
Submit your opin
ions, beliefs, senti
ments, convictions,
feelings, attitudes and
conjectures to the Daily
opinion editors.
Submit your opin
ions, beliefs, senti
ments, convictions,
feelings, attitudes and
conjectures to the Daily
opinion editors.
Submit your opin
ions, beliefs, senti
ments, convictions,
feelings, attitudes and
conjectures to the Daily
opinion editors.
Submit your opin
ions, beliefs, senti
ments, convictions,
feelings, attitudes and
conjectures to the Daily
opinion editors.
Submit your opin
ions, beliefs, senti
ments, convictions,
feelings, attitudes and
conjectures to the Daily
opinion editors.
Submit your opin
ions, beliefs, senti
ments, convictions,
feelings, attitudes and
conjectures to the Daily
opinion editors.
Submit your opin
ions, beliefs, senti
ments, convictions,
feelings, attitudes and
conjectures to the Daily
opinion editors.
