# Untitled Article
## 
### 
E.C. Wynne, '09, an attorney in San
Francisco, spent Saturday night on
the campus.
E. J. Swift, '08, left this week for
Honolulu where he will enter the ad
vertising business.
M. P. Cook, '11, of the Selby Smelt
ing Company of San Francisco, was a
week-end visitor at the University.
L. G. Eaton, '09, and his bride, were
visitors in Palo Alto and on the
campus yesterday. Eaton is in the
insurance business in San Francisco.
He is a son of L. H. Eaton, univer
sity organist.
E.C. Wynne, '09, an attorney in San
Francisco, spent Saturday night on
the campus.
E. J. Swift, '08, left this week for
Honolulu where he will enter the ad
vertising business.
M. P. Cook, '11, of the Selby Smelt
ing Company of San Francisco, was a
week-end visitor at the University.
L. G. Eaton, '09, and his bride, were
visitors in Palo Alto and on the
campus yesterday. Eaton is in the
insurance business in San Francisco.
He is a son of L. H. Eaton, univer
sity organist.
E.C. Wynne, '09, an attorney in San
Francisco, spent Saturday night on
the campus.
E. J. Swift, '08, left this week for
Honolulu where he will enter the ad
vertising business.
M. P. Cook, '11, of the Selby Smelt
ing Company of San Francisco, was a
week-end visitor at the University.
L. G. Eaton, '09, and his bride, were
visitors in Palo Alto and on the
campus yesterday. Eaton is in the
insurance business in San Francisco.
He is a son of L. H. Eaton, univer
sity organist.
E.C. Wynne, '09, an attorney in San
Francisco, spent Saturday night on
the campus.
E. J. Swift, '08, left this week for
Honolulu where he will enter the ad
vertising business.
M. P. Cook, '11, of the Selby Smelt
ing Company of San Francisco, was a
week-end visitor at the University.
L. G. Eaton, '09, and his bride, were
visitors in Palo Alto and on the
campus yesterday. Eaton is in the
insurance business in San Francisco.
He is a son of L. H. Eaton, univer
sity organist.
E.C. Wynne, '09, an attorney in San
Francisco, spent Saturday night on
the campus.
E. J. Swift, '08, left this week for
Honolulu where he will enter the ad
vertising business.
M. P. Cook, '11, of the Selby Smelt
ing Company of San Francisco, was a
week-end visitor at the University.
L. G. Eaton, '09, and his bride, were
visitors in Palo Alto and on the
campus yesterday. Eaton is in the
insurance business in San Francisco.
He is a son of L. H. Eaton, univer
sity organist.
E.C. Wynne, '09, an attorney in San
Francisco, spent Saturday night on
the campus.
E. J. Swift, '08, left this week for
Honolulu where he will enter the ad
vertising business.
M. P. Cook, '11, of the Selby Smelt
ing Company of San Francisco, was a
week-end visitor at the University.
L. G. Eaton, '09, and his bride, were
visitors in Palo Alto and on the
campus yesterday. Eaton is in the
insurance business in San Francisco.
He is a son of L. H. Eaton, univer
sity organist.
E.C. Wynne, '09, an attorney in San
Francisco, spent Saturday night on
the campus.
E. J. Swift, '08, left this week for
Honolulu where he will enter the ad
vertising business.
M. P. Cook, '11, of the Selby Smelt
ing Company of San Francisco, was a
week-end visitor at the University.
L. G. Eaton, '09, and his bride, were
visitors in Palo Alto and on the
campus yesterday. Eaton is in the
insurance business in San Francisco.
He is a son of L. H. Eaton, univer
sity organist.
E.C. Wynne, '09, an attorney in San
Francisco, spent Saturday night on
the campus.
E. J. Swift, '08, left this week for
Honolulu where he will enter the ad
vertising business.
M. P. Cook, '11, of the Selby Smelt
ing Company of San Francisco, was a
week-end visitor at the University.
L. G. Eaton, '09, and his bride, were
visitors in Palo Alto and on the
campus yesterday. Eaton is in the
insurance business in San Francisco.
He is a son of L. H. Eaton, univer
sity organist.
E.C. Wynne, '09, an attorney in San
Francisco, spent Saturday night on
the campus.
E. J. Swift, '08, left this week for
Honolulu where he will enter the ad
vertising business.
M. P. Cook, '11, of the Selby Smelt
ing Company of San Francisco, was a
week-end visitor at the University.
L. G. Eaton, '09, and his bride, were
visitors in Palo Alto and on the
campus yesterday. Eaton is in the
insurance business in San Francisco.
He is a son of L. H. Eaton, univer
sity organist.
E.C. Wynne, '09, an attorney in San
Francisco, spent Saturday night on
the campus.
E. J. Swift, '08, left this week for
Honolulu where he will enter the ad
vertising business.
M. P. Cook, '11, of the Selby Smelt
ing Company of San Francisco, was a
week-end visitor at the University.
L. G. Eaton, '09, and his bride, were
visitors in Palo Alto and on the
campus yesterday. Eaton is in the
insurance business in San Francisco.
He is a son of L. H. Eaton, univer
sity organist.
E.C. Wynne, '09, an attorney in San
Francisco, spent Saturday night on
the campus.
E. J. Swift, '08, left this week for
Honolulu where he will enter the ad
vertising business.
M. P. Cook, '11, of the Selby Smelt
ing Company of San Francisco, was a
week-end visitor at the University.
L. G. Eaton, '09, and his bride, were
visitors in Palo Alto and on the
campus yesterday. Eaton is in the
insurance business in San Francisco.
He is a son of L. H. Eaton, univer
sity organist.
E.C. Wynne, '09, an attorney in San
Francisco, spent Saturday night on
the campus.
E. J. Swift, '08, left this week for
Honolulu where he will enter the ad
vertising business.
M. P. Cook, '11, of the Selby Smelt
ing Company of San Francisco, was a
week-end visitor at the University.
L. G. Eaton, '09, and his bride, were
visitors in Palo Alto and on the
campus yesterday. Eaton is in the
insurance business in San Francisco.
He is a son of L. H. Eaton, univer
sity organist.
E.C. Wynne, '09, an attorney in San
Francisco, spent Saturday night on
the campus.
E. J. Swift, '08, left this week for
Honolulu where he will enter the ad
vertising business.
M. P. Cook, '11, of the Selby Smelt
ing Company of San Francisco, was a
week-end visitor at the University.
L. G. Eaton, '09, and his bride, were
visitors in Palo Alto and on the
campus yesterday. Eaton is in the
insurance business in San Francisco.
He is a son of L. H. Eaton, univer
sity organist.
