# Crossword
## 
### 
ACROSS
1 Distinguishing
feature
7 "Is this time ...
to talk of
Pensions and
Grenadiers?":
Sterne
11 Wailing instrument
14 Hit the big time
15 Quote, as a
source
16 Dress bottom
17 1966 Monkees
hit
19 Bard's "prior to"
20 Bright star
21 Basic French verb
22 '"Beware the
Jabberwock, !'"
24 Warehouse
stamp letters
26 "Washboard"
muscles
27 Briny expanse
28 "M*A*S*H"
nickname
31 Put on the hi-fi
34 Wildly eccentric,
briefly
37 Sniffling and
sneezing cause
3 carte
40 Roll call response
42 How some suits
are made
44 Toys
45 Wild outbreak
47 Victimized, with
"on"
48 Wine bottle datum
50 Original iPod, as
it's now known
52 Narrow inlet
54 Chick : light
women's fiction
55 Nordic runners
58 Knight's job
60 Ice sheet
62 Burned, in away
64 City area, briefly
65 1968
Impressions hit
68 Get older
69 Yemen city on its
own gulf
70 Early ascetic
71 State that's only
nine mi. wide at
its narrowest
point
72 Had second
thoughts about
73 Put away for later

DOWN
1 Abel's slayer
2 Knight suit
3 Have a jones for
4 Japanese grills
5 Noted victim of
temptation
6 Prefix with
vision
7 Biting
8 Fin
9 Meteor ending
10 Contract details
11 1971 Tom Jones
hit
12 Related to
flying
13 Marvel Comics
superheroes
18 Emphatic type:
Abbr.
23 "Sho 'nuff"
25 Earthmoving
machine, and
hopefully not the
one driving it
29 G-and-T part
30 Spills, as from a
bucket
32 Sheltered, in a
way
33 Place for a sale
34 Nimble
35 Rockers
Motley

36 1962 hit
attributed to The
Crystals but sung
by The Blossoms
38 Day of films
41 Like 1-800
numbers
43 "I guess"
46 Last bit
49 Grafton's" for
Ricochet"
51 One often
bordered an agora

53 Clashing
big-time
5 tube
57 Part of an act
58 Campus area
59 Yearning
61 Rams'dams
63 Scott in an 1857
case
66 Campus URL
ending
67 Performer's
suffix

By Gareth Bain 1/6/10

Today's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2010 Tribune Media Services, Inc.


ACROSS
1 Distinguishing
feature
7 "Is this time ...
to talk of
Pensions and
Grenadiers?":
Sterne
11 Wailing instrument
14 Hit the big time
15 Quote, as a
source
16 Dress bottom
17 1966 Monkees
hit
19 Bard's "prior to"
20 Bright star
21 Basic French verb
22 '"Beware the
Jabberwock, !'"
24 Warehouse
stamp letters
26 "Washboard"
muscles
27 Briny expanse
28 "M*A*S*H"
nickname
31 Put on the hi-fi
34 Wildly eccentric,
briefly
37 Sniffling and
sneezing cause
3 carte
40 Roll call response
42 How some suits
are made
44 Toys
45 Wild outbreak
47 Victimized, with
"on"
48 Wine bottle datum
50 Original iPod, as
it's now known
52 Narrow inlet
54 Chick : light
women's fiction
55 Nordic runners
58 Knight's job
60 Ice sheet
62 Burned, in away
64 City area, briefly
65 1968
Impressions hit
68 Get older
69 Yemen city on its
own gulf
70 Early ascetic
71 State that's only
nine mi. wide at
its narrowest
point
72 Had second
thoughts about
73 Put away for later

DOWN
1 Abel's slayer
2 Knight suit
3 Have a jones for
4 Japanese grills
5 Noted victim of
temptation
6 Prefix with
vision
7 Biting
8 Fin
9 Meteor ending
10 Contract details
11 1971 Tom Jones
hit
12 Related to
flying
13 Marvel Comics
superheroes
18 Emphatic type:
Abbr.
23 "Sho 'nuff"
25 Earthmoving
machine, and
hopefully not the
one driving it
29 G-and-T part
30 Spills, as from a
bucket
32 Sheltered, in a
way
33 Place for a sale
34 Nimble
35 Rockers
Motley

36 1962 hit
attributed to The
Crystals but sung
by The Blossoms
38 Day of films
41 Like 1-800
numbers
43 "I guess"
46 Last bit
49 Grafton's" for
Ricochet"
51 One often
bordered an agora

53 Clashing
big-time
5 tube
57 Part of an act
58 Campus area
59 Yearning
61 Rams'dams
63 Scott in an 1857
case
66 Campus URL
ending
67 Performer's
suffix

By Gareth Bain 1/6/10

Today's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2010 Tribune Media Services, Inc.


ACROSS
1 Distinguishing
feature
7 "Is this time ...
to talk of
Pensions and
Grenadiers?":
Sterne
11 Wailing instrument
14 Hit the big time
15 Quote, as a
source
16 Dress bottom
17 1966 Monkees
hit
19 Bard's "prior to"
20 Bright star
21 Basic French verb
22 '"Beware the
Jabberwock, !'"
24 Warehouse
stamp letters
26 "Washboard"
muscles
27 Briny expanse
28 "M*A*S*H"
nickname
31 Put on the hi-fi
34 Wildly eccentric,
briefly
37 Sniffling and
sneezing cause
3 carte
40 Roll call response
42 How some suits
are made
44 Toys
45 Wild outbreak
47 Victimized, with
"on"
48 Wine bottle datum
50 Original iPod, as
it's now known
52 Narrow inlet
54 Chick : light
women's fiction
55 Nordic runners
58 Knight's job
60 Ice sheet
62 Burned, in away
64 City area, briefly
65 1968
Impressions hit
68 Get older
69 Yemen city on its
own gulf
70 Early ascetic
71 State that's only
nine mi. wide at
its narrowest
point
72 Had second
thoughts about
73 Put away for later

DOWN
1 Abel's slayer
2 Knight suit
3 Have a jones for
4 Japanese grills
5 Noted victim of
temptation
6 Prefix with
vision
7 Biting
8 Fin
9 Meteor ending
10 Contract details
11 1971 Tom Jones
hit
12 Related to
flying
13 Marvel Comics
superheroes
18 Emphatic type:
Abbr.
23 "Sho 'nuff"
25 Earthmoving
machine, and
hopefully not the
one driving it
29 G-and-T part
30 Spills, as from a
bucket
32 Sheltered, in a
way
33 Place for a sale
34 Nimble
35 Rockers
Motley

36 1962 hit
attributed to The
Crystals but sung
by The Blossoms
38 Day of films
41 Like 1-800
numbers
43 "I guess"
46 Last bit
49 Grafton's" for
Ricochet"
51 One often
bordered an agora

53 Clashing
big-time
5 tube
57 Part of an act
58 Campus area
59 Yearning
61 Rams'dams
63 Scott in an 1857
case
66 Campus URL
ending
67 Performer's
suffix

By Gareth Bain 1/6/10

Today's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2010 Tribune Media Services, Inc.


ACROSS
1 Distinguishing
feature
7 "Is this time ...
to talk of
Pensions and
Grenadiers?":
Sterne
11 Wailing instrument
14 Hit the big time
15 Quote, as a
source
16 Dress bottom
17 1966 Monkees
hit
19 Bard's "prior to"
20 Bright star
21 Basic French verb
22 '"Beware the
Jabberwock, !'"
24 Warehouse
stamp letters
26 "Washboard"
muscles
27 Briny expanse
28 "M*A*S*H"
nickname
31 Put on the hi-fi
34 Wildly eccentric,
briefly
37 Sniffling and
sneezing cause
3 carte
40 Roll call response
42 How some suits
are made
44 Toys
45 Wild outbreak
47 Victimized, with
"on"
48 Wine bottle datum
50 Original iPod, as
it's now known
52 Narrow inlet
54 Chick : light
women's fiction
55 Nordic runners
58 Knight's job
60 Ice sheet
62 Burned, in away
64 City area, briefly
65 1968
Impressions hit
68 Get older
69 Yemen city on its
own gulf
70 Early ascetic
71 State that's only
nine mi. wide at
its narrowest
point
72 Had second
thoughts about
73 Put away for later

DOWN
1 Abel's slayer
2 Knight suit
3 Have a jones for
4 Japanese grills
5 Noted victim of
temptation
6 Prefix with
vision
7 Biting
8 Fin
9 Meteor ending
10 Contract details
11 1971 Tom Jones
hit
12 Related to
flying
13 Marvel Comics
superheroes
18 Emphatic type:
Abbr.
23 "Sho 'nuff"
25 Earthmoving
machine, and
hopefully not the
one driving it
29 G-and-T part
30 Spills, as from a
bucket
32 Sheltered, in a
way
33 Place for a sale
34 Nimble
35 Rockers
Motley

36 1962 hit
attributed to The
Crystals but sung
by The Blossoms
38 Day of films
41 Like 1-800
numbers
43 "I guess"
46 Last bit
49 Grafton's" for
Ricochet"
51 One often
bordered an agora

53 Clashing
big-time
5 tube
57 Part of an act
58 Campus area
59 Yearning
61 Rams'dams
63 Scott in an 1857
case
66 Campus URL
ending
67 Performer's
suffix

By Gareth Bain 1/6/10

Today's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2010 Tribune Media Services, Inc.


ACROSS
1 Distinguishing
feature
7 "Is this time ...
to talk of
Pensions and
Grenadiers?":
Sterne
11 Wailing instrument
14 Hit the big time
15 Quote, as a
source
16 Dress bottom
17 1966 Monkees
hit
19 Bard's "prior to"
20 Bright star
21 Basic French verb
22 '"Beware the
Jabberwock, !'"
24 Warehouse
stamp letters
26 "Washboard"
muscles
27 Briny expanse
28 "M*A*S*H"
nickname
31 Put on the hi-fi
34 Wildly eccentric,
briefly
37 Sniffling and
sneezing cause
3 carte
40 Roll call response
42 How some suits
are made
44 Toys
45 Wild outbreak
47 Victimized, with
"on"
48 Wine bottle datum
50 Original iPod, as
it's now known
52 Narrow inlet
54 Chick : light
women's fiction
55 Nordic runners
58 Knight's job
60 Ice sheet
62 Burned, in away
64 City area, briefly
65 1968
Impressions hit
68 Get older
69 Yemen city on its
own gulf
70 Early ascetic
71 State that's only
nine mi. wide at
its narrowest
point
72 Had second
thoughts about
73 Put away for later

DOWN
1 Abel's slayer
2 Knight suit
3 Have a jones for
4 Japanese grills
5 Noted victim of
temptation
6 Prefix with
vision
7 Biting
8 Fin
9 Meteor ending
10 Contract details
11 1971 Tom Jones
hit
12 Related to
flying
13 Marvel Comics
superheroes
18 Emphatic type:
Abbr.
23 "Sho 'nuff"
25 Earthmoving
machine, and
hopefully not the
one driving it
29 G-and-T part
30 Spills, as from a
bucket
32 Sheltered, in a
way
33 Place for a sale
34 Nimble
35 Rockers
Motley

36 1962 hit
attributed to The
Crystals but sung
by The Blossoms
38 Day of films
41 Like 1-800
numbers
43 "I guess"
46 Last bit
49 Grafton's" for
Ricochet"
51 One often
bordered an agora

53 Clashing
big-time
5 tube
57 Part of an act
58 Campus area
59 Yearning
61 Rams'dams
63 Scott in an 1857
case
66 Campus URL
ending
67 Performer's
suffix

By Gareth Bain 1/6/10

Today's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2010 Tribune Media Services, Inc.


ACROSS
1 Distinguishing
feature
7 "Is this time ...
to talk of
Pensions and
Grenadiers?":
Sterne
11 Wailing instrument
14 Hit the big time
15 Quote, as a
source
16 Dress bottom
17 1966 Monkees
hit
19 Bard's "prior to"
20 Bright star
21 Basic French verb
22 '"Beware the
Jabberwock, !'"
24 Warehouse
stamp letters
26 "Washboard"
muscles
27 Briny expanse
28 "M*A*S*H"
nickname
31 Put on the hi-fi
34 Wildly eccentric,
briefly
37 Sniffling and
sneezing cause
3 carte
40 Roll call response
42 How some suits
are made
44 Toys
45 Wild outbreak
47 Victimized, with
"on"
48 Wine bottle datum
50 Original iPod, as
it's now known
52 Narrow inlet
54 Chick : light
women's fiction
55 Nordic runners
58 Knight's job
60 Ice sheet
62 Burned, in away
64 City area, briefly
65 1968
Impressions hit
68 Get older
69 Yemen city on its
own gulf
70 Early ascetic
71 State that's only
nine mi. wide at
its narrowest
point
72 Had second
thoughts about
73 Put away for later

DOWN
1 Abel's slayer
2 Knight suit
3 Have a jones for
4 Japanese grills
5 Noted victim of
temptation
6 Prefix with
vision
7 Biting
8 Fin
9 Meteor ending
10 Contract details
11 1971 Tom Jones
hit
12 Related to
flying
13 Marvel Comics
superheroes
18 Emphatic type:
Abbr.
23 "Sho 'nuff"
25 Earthmoving
machine, and
hopefully not the
one driving it
29 G-and-T part
30 Spills, as from a
bucket
32 Sheltered, in a
way
33 Place for a sale
34 Nimble
35 Rockers
Motley

36 1962 hit
attributed to The
Crystals but sung
by The Blossoms
38 Day of films
41 Like 1-800
numbers
43 "I guess"
46 Last bit
49 Grafton's" for
Ricochet"
51 One often
bordered an agora

53 Clashing
big-time
5 tube
57 Part of an act
58 Campus area
59 Yearning
61 Rams'dams
63 Scott in an 1857
case
66 Campus URL
ending
67 Performer's
suffix

By Gareth Bain 1/6/10

Today's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2010 Tribune Media Services, Inc.


