# COSMOPOLITAN CLUB WILL PICNIC MONDAY
## 
### 
The Cosmopolitan Club will hold its
twelfth-annual picnic on Monday, the
members to meet at 5 o clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. Ticket- may be
procured in advance from any of the
officers of the club. An elaborate pro
gram lias been prepared by the commit
tee in charge..
The Cosmopolitan Club will hold its
twelfth-annual picnic on Monday, the
members to meet at 5 o clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. Ticket- may be
procured in advance from any of the
officers of the club. An elaborate pro
gram lias been prepared by the commit
tee in charge..
The Cosmopolitan Club will hold its
twelfth-annual picnic on Monday, the
members to meet at 5 o clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. Ticket- may be
procured in advance from any of the
officers of the club. An elaborate pro
gram lias been prepared by the commit
tee in charge..
The Cosmopolitan Club will hold its
twelfth-annual picnic on Monday, the
members to meet at 5 o clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. Ticket- may be
procured in advance from any of the
officers of the club. An elaborate pro
gram lias been prepared by the commit
tee in charge..
The Cosmopolitan Club will hold its
twelfth-annual picnic on Monday, the
members to meet at 5 o clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. Ticket- may be
procured in advance from any of the
officers of the club. An elaborate pro
gram lias been prepared by the commit
tee in charge..
The Cosmopolitan Club will hold its
twelfth-annual picnic on Monday, the
members to meet at 5 o clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. Ticket- may be
procured in advance from any of the
officers of the club. An elaborate pro
gram lias been prepared by the commit
tee in charge..
The Cosmopolitan Club will hold its
twelfth-annual picnic on Monday, the
members to meet at 5 o clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. Ticket- may be
procured in advance from any of the
officers of the club. An elaborate pro
gram lias been prepared by the commit
tee in charge..
The Cosmopolitan Club will hold its
twelfth-annual picnic on Monday, the
members to meet at 5 o clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. Ticket- may be
procured in advance from any of the
officers of the club. An elaborate pro
gram lias been prepared by the commit
tee in charge..
The Cosmopolitan Club will hold its
twelfth-annual picnic on Monday, the
members to meet at 5 o clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. Ticket- may be
procured in advance from any of the
officers of the club. An elaborate pro
gram lias been prepared by the commit
tee in charge..
The Cosmopolitan Club will hold its
twelfth-annual picnic on Monday, the
members to meet at 5 o clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. Ticket- may be
procured in advance from any of the
officers of the club. An elaborate pro
gram lias been prepared by the commit
tee in charge..
The Cosmopolitan Club will hold its
twelfth-annual picnic on Monday, the
members to meet at 5 o clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. Ticket- may be
procured in advance from any of the
officers of the club. An elaborate pro
gram lias been prepared by the commit
tee in charge..
The Cosmopolitan Club will hold its
twelfth-annual picnic on Monday, the
members to meet at 5 o clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. Ticket- may be
procured in advance from any of the
officers of the club. An elaborate pro
gram lias been prepared by the commit
tee in charge..
The Cosmopolitan Club will hold its
twelfth-annual picnic on Monday, the
members to meet at 5 o clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. Ticket- may be
procured in advance from any of the
officers of the club. An elaborate pro
gram lias been prepared by the commit
tee in charge..
