# Yale Gives Free Tuition As Reward For Good Work
## 
### 
NEW HAVKN, Conn., May 12.—The
Yale student \yho is working his. way
through college will receive from the
university free tuition, provided he
maintains in his class room work a
general average of 00 or more. Stu
dents who do not attain this grade
will receive remission in proportion
to their scholastic standing, it <*as
announced today.
Those in the upper class years who
become beneficiaries of such scholar
ships are expected to accept it as a
loan with the idea that within five
years after graduation they will ro
pay the obligation without interest.
NEW HAVKN, Conn., May 12.—The
Yale student \yho is working his. way
through college will receive from the
university free tuition, provided he
maintains in his class room work a
general average of 00 or more. Stu
dents who do not attain this grade
will receive remission in proportion
to their scholastic standing, it <*as
announced today.
Those in the upper class years who
become beneficiaries of such scholar
ships are expected to accept it as a
loan with the idea that within five
years after graduation they will ro
pay the obligation without interest.
NEW HAVKN, Conn., May 12.—The
Yale student \yho is working his. way
through college will receive from the
university free tuition, provided he
maintains in his class room work a
general average of 00 or more. Stu
dents who do not attain this grade
will receive remission in proportion
to their scholastic standing, it <*as
announced today.
Those in the upper class years who
become beneficiaries of such scholar
ships are expected to accept it as a
loan with the idea that within five
years after graduation they will ro
pay the obligation without interest.
NEW HAVKN, Conn., May 12.—The
Yale student \yho is working his. way
through college will receive from the
university free tuition, provided he
maintains in his class room work a
general average of 00 or more. Stu
dents who do not attain this grade
will receive remission in proportion
to their scholastic standing, it <*as
announced today.
Those in the upper class years who
become beneficiaries of such scholar
ships are expected to accept it as a
loan with the idea that within five
years after graduation they will ro
pay the obligation without interest.
NEW HAVKN, Conn., May 12.—The
Yale student \yho is working his. way
through college will receive from the
university free tuition, provided he
maintains in his class room work a
general average of 00 or more. Stu
dents who do not attain this grade
will receive remission in proportion
to their scholastic standing, it <*as
announced today.
Those in the upper class years who
become beneficiaries of such scholar
ships are expected to accept it as a
loan with the idea that within five
years after graduation they will ro
pay the obligation without interest.
NEW HAVKN, Conn., May 12.—The
Yale student \yho is working his. way
through college will receive from the
university free tuition, provided he
maintains in his class room work a
general average of 00 or more. Stu
dents who do not attain this grade
will receive remission in proportion
to their scholastic standing, it <*as
announced today.
Those in the upper class years who
become beneficiaries of such scholar
ships are expected to accept it as a
loan with the idea that within five
years after graduation they will ro
pay the obligation without interest.
NEW HAVKN, Conn., May 12.—The
Yale student \yho is working his. way
through college will receive from the
university free tuition, provided he
maintains in his class room work a
general average of 00 or more. Stu
dents who do not attain this grade
will receive remission in proportion
to their scholastic standing, it <*as
announced today.
Those in the upper class years who
become beneficiaries of such scholar
ships are expected to accept it as a
loan with the idea that within five
years after graduation they will ro
pay the obligation without interest.
NEW HAVKN, Conn., May 12.—The
Yale student \yho is working his. way
through college will receive from the
university free tuition, provided he
maintains in his class room work a
general average of 00 or more. Stu
dents who do not attain this grade
will receive remission in proportion
to their scholastic standing, it <*as
announced today.
Those in the upper class years who
become beneficiaries of such scholar
ships are expected to accept it as a
loan with the idea that within five
years after graduation they will ro
pay the obligation without interest.
NEW HAVKN, Conn., May 12.—The
Yale student \yho is working his. way
through college will receive from the
university free tuition, provided he
maintains in his class room work a
general average of 00 or more. Stu
dents who do not attain this grade
will receive remission in proportion
to their scholastic standing, it <*as
announced today.
Those in the upper class years who
become beneficiaries of such scholar
ships are expected to accept it as a
loan with the idea that within five
years after graduation they will ro
pay the obligation without interest.
NEW HAVKN, Conn., May 12.—The
Yale student \yho is working his. way
through college will receive from the
university free tuition, provided he
maintains in his class room work a
general average of 00 or more. Stu
dents who do not attain this grade
will receive remission in proportion
to their scholastic standing, it <*as
announced today.
Those in the upper class years who
become beneficiaries of such scholar
ships are expected to accept it as a
loan with the idea that within five
years after graduation they will ro
pay the obligation without interest.
NEW HAVKN, Conn., May 12.—The
Yale student \yho is working his. way
through college will receive from the
university free tuition, provided he
maintains in his class room work a
general average of 00 or more. Stu
dents who do not attain this grade
will receive remission in proportion
to their scholastic standing, it <*as
announced today.
Those in the upper class years who
become beneficiaries of such scholar
ships are expected to accept it as a
loan with the idea that within five
years after graduation they will ro
pay the obligation without interest.
NEW HAVKN, Conn., May 12.—The
Yale student \yho is working his. way
through college will receive from the
university free tuition, provided he
maintains in his class room work a
general average of 00 or more. Stu
dents who do not attain this grade
will receive remission in proportion
to their scholastic standing, it <*as
announced today.
Those in the upper class years who
become beneficiaries of such scholar
ships are expected to accept it as a
loan with the idea that within five
years after graduation they will ro
pay the obligation without interest.
NEW HAVKN, Conn., May 12.—The
Yale student \yho is working his. way
through college will receive from the
university free tuition, provided he
maintains in his class room work a
general average of 00 or more. Stu
dents who do not attain this grade
will receive remission in proportion
to their scholastic standing, it <*as
announced today.
Those in the upper class years who
become beneficiaries of such scholar
ships are expected to accept it as a
loan with the idea that within five
years after graduation they will ro
pay the obligation without interest.
