# Five Wanted By Cardinals
## 
### 
Tryouts to fill the five vacancies
on Cardinals will be held today, to
moi row, and Friday from .*5 to 5
p.m. in the Excom room, according
to Bob Berryman, Cardinals presi
dent. B. J. Fitger, Cardinals secre
tary, will be in charge of the try
outs.
The places to be filled are those
of three junior men, one junior
woman, and one senior man. This
will be the last Cardinals tryout of
the quarter, said Berryman.
Berryman stressed the fact that
Cardinals, co-ordinating activities
committee, wants members who are
interested in school activities and
are willing to work for the commit
tee. This interest will be of prime
importance in choosing students to
fill the vacancies.
