# Allen to Present Baroque Recital
## 
### 
The first of four organ recitals of
Baroque music will be presented by
Organist Warren D. Allen tomorrow
afternoon at. 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Tomorrow's program will include
"Fantasia in Echo Style," composed
by Jan Pieter Sweelinch. The echo
represented in this piece was much
used in the 16th century because it
afforded the only expression change
possible before the introduction of
the crescendo.
"Toccata for the Elevation" by
Girolamo Frescobaldi will be pre
sented twice. First it will be played
in the old style, without dynamic
changes, and then in the modern
manner, with more romantic tone
colors.
"Capriccio" by Johann Jacob Fro
berger, "Cantilena Anglica Fortu
nae" by Samuel Scheidt, '"Toccata
in C Minor" by George Muffat, and
two pieces by Dietrich Buxtehude:
chorale prelude, "Von Gott will ich
nicht lassen," and prelude, "Fugue
and Chaconne in C Major," will
complete the recital.
The second program will be Sun
day, Nov. 2, at 7:30 p.m. and will
feature music by Bach and Handel.
French organ music will be played
on Thursday, Nov. 13, at 4:15 p.m.
and Baroqiie organ music for
Christmas will be played on Thurs
day, Dec. 11, at 4:15 p.m.
The first of four organ recitals of
Baroque music will be presented by
Organist Warren D. Allen tomorrow
afternoon at. 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Tomorrow's program will include
"Fantasia in Echo Style," composed
by Jan Pieter Sweelinch. The echo
represented in this piece was much
used in the 16th century because it
afforded the only expression change
possible before the introduction of
the crescendo.
"Toccata for the Elevation" by
Girolamo Frescobaldi will be pre
sented twice. First it will be played
in the old style, without dynamic
changes, and then in the modern
manner, with more romantic tone
colors.
"Capriccio" by Johann Jacob Fro
berger, "Cantilena Anglica Fortu
nae" by Samuel Scheidt, '"Toccata
in C Minor" by George Muffat, and
two pieces by Dietrich Buxtehude:
chorale prelude, "Von Gott will ich
nicht lassen," and prelude, "Fugue
and Chaconne in C Major," will
complete the recital.
The second program will be Sun
day, Nov. 2, at 7:30 p.m. and will
feature music by Bach and Handel.
French organ music will be played
on Thursday, Nov. 13, at 4:15 p.m.
and Baroqiie organ music for
Christmas will be played on Thurs
day, Dec. 11, at 4:15 p.m.
The first of four organ recitals of
Baroque music will be presented by
Organist Warren D. Allen tomorrow
afternoon at. 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Tomorrow's program will include
"Fantasia in Echo Style," composed
by Jan Pieter Sweelinch. The echo
represented in this piece was much
used in the 16th century because it
afforded the only expression change
possible before the introduction of
the crescendo.
"Toccata for the Elevation" by
Girolamo Frescobaldi will be pre
sented twice. First it will be played
in the old style, without dynamic
changes, and then in the modern
manner, with more romantic tone
colors.
"Capriccio" by Johann Jacob Fro
berger, "Cantilena Anglica Fortu
nae" by Samuel Scheidt, '"Toccata
in C Minor" by George Muffat, and
two pieces by Dietrich Buxtehude:
chorale prelude, "Von Gott will ich
nicht lassen," and prelude, "Fugue
and Chaconne in C Major," will
complete the recital.
The second program will be Sun
day, Nov. 2, at 7:30 p.m. and will
feature music by Bach and Handel.
French organ music will be played
on Thursday, Nov. 13, at 4:15 p.m.
and Baroqiie organ music for
Christmas will be played on Thurs
day, Dec. 11, at 4:15 p.m.
The first of four organ recitals of
Baroque music will be presented by
Organist Warren D. Allen tomorrow
afternoon at. 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Tomorrow's program will include
"Fantasia in Echo Style," composed
by Jan Pieter Sweelinch. The echo
represented in this piece was much
used in the 16th century because it
afforded the only expression change
possible before the introduction of
the crescendo.
"Toccata for the Elevation" by
Girolamo Frescobaldi will be pre
sented twice. First it will be played
in the old style, without dynamic
changes, and then in the modern
manner, with more romantic tone
colors.
"Capriccio" by Johann Jacob Fro
berger, "Cantilena Anglica Fortu
nae" by Samuel Scheidt, '"Toccata
in C Minor" by George Muffat, and
two pieces by Dietrich Buxtehude:
chorale prelude, "Von Gott will ich
nicht lassen," and prelude, "Fugue
and Chaconne in C Major," will
complete the recital.
The second program will be Sun
day, Nov. 2, at 7:30 p.m. and will
feature music by Bach and Handel.
French organ music will be played
on Thursday, Nov. 13, at 4:15 p.m.
and Baroqiie organ music for
Christmas will be played on Thurs
day, Dec. 11, at 4:15 p.m.
The first of four organ recitals of
Baroque music will be presented by
Organist Warren D. Allen tomorrow
afternoon at. 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Tomorrow's program will include
"Fantasia in Echo Style," composed
by Jan Pieter Sweelinch. The echo
represented in this piece was much
used in the 16th century because it
afforded the only expression change
possible before the introduction of
the crescendo.
"Toccata for the Elevation" by
Girolamo Frescobaldi will be pre
sented twice. First it will be played
in the old style, without dynamic
changes, and then in the modern
manner, with more romantic tone
colors.
"Capriccio" by Johann Jacob Fro
berger, "Cantilena Anglica Fortu
nae" by Samuel Scheidt, '"Toccata
in C Minor" by George Muffat, and
two pieces by Dietrich Buxtehude:
chorale prelude, "Von Gott will ich
nicht lassen," and prelude, "Fugue
and Chaconne in C Major," will
complete the recital.
The second program will be Sun
day, Nov. 2, at 7:30 p.m. and will
feature music by Bach and Handel.
French organ music will be played
on Thursday, Nov. 13, at 4:15 p.m.
and Baroqiie organ music for
Christmas will be played on Thurs
day, Dec. 11, at 4:15 p.m.
The first of four organ recitals of
Baroque music will be presented by
Organist Warren D. Allen tomorrow
afternoon at. 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Tomorrow's program will include
"Fantasia in Echo Style," composed
by Jan Pieter Sweelinch. The echo
represented in this piece was much
used in the 16th century because it
afforded the only expression change
possible before the introduction of
the crescendo.
"Toccata for the Elevation" by
Girolamo Frescobaldi will be pre
sented twice. First it will be played
in the old style, without dynamic
changes, and then in the modern
manner, with more romantic tone
colors.
"Capriccio" by Johann Jacob Fro
berger, "Cantilena Anglica Fortu
nae" by Samuel Scheidt, '"Toccata
in C Minor" by George Muffat, and
two pieces by Dietrich Buxtehude:
chorale prelude, "Von Gott will ich
nicht lassen," and prelude, "Fugue
and Chaconne in C Major," will
complete the recital.
The second program will be Sun
day, Nov. 2, at 7:30 p.m. and will
feature music by Bach and Handel.
French organ music will be played
on Thursday, Nov. 13, at 4:15 p.m.
and Baroqiie organ music for
Christmas will be played on Thurs
day, Dec. 11, at 4:15 p.m.
The first of four organ recitals of
Baroque music will be presented by
Organist Warren D. Allen tomorrow
afternoon at. 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Tomorrow's program will include
"Fantasia in Echo Style," composed
by Jan Pieter Sweelinch. The echo
represented in this piece was much
used in the 16th century because it
afforded the only expression change
possible before the introduction of
the crescendo.
"Toccata for the Elevation" by
Girolamo Frescobaldi will be pre
sented twice. First it will be played
in the old style, without dynamic
changes, and then in the modern
manner, with more romantic tone
colors.
"Capriccio" by Johann Jacob Fro
berger, "Cantilena Anglica Fortu
nae" by Samuel Scheidt, '"Toccata
in C Minor" by George Muffat, and
two pieces by Dietrich Buxtehude:
chorale prelude, "Von Gott will ich
nicht lassen," and prelude, "Fugue
and Chaconne in C Major," will
complete the recital.
The second program will be Sun
day, Nov. 2, at 7:30 p.m. and will
feature music by Bach and Handel.
French organ music will be played
on Thursday, Nov. 13, at 4:15 p.m.
and Baroqiie organ music for
Christmas will be played on Thurs
day, Dec. 11, at 4:15 p.m.
The first of four organ recitals of
Baroque music will be presented by
Organist Warren D. Allen tomorrow
afternoon at. 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Tomorrow's program will include
"Fantasia in Echo Style," composed
by Jan Pieter Sweelinch. The echo
represented in this piece was much
used in the 16th century because it
afforded the only expression change
possible before the introduction of
the crescendo.
"Toccata for the Elevation" by
Girolamo Frescobaldi will be pre
sented twice. First it will be played
in the old style, without dynamic
changes, and then in the modern
manner, with more romantic tone
colors.
"Capriccio" by Johann Jacob Fro
berger, "Cantilena Anglica Fortu
nae" by Samuel Scheidt, '"Toccata
in C Minor" by George Muffat, and
two pieces by Dietrich Buxtehude:
chorale prelude, "Von Gott will ich
nicht lassen," and prelude, "Fugue
and Chaconne in C Major," will
complete the recital.
The second program will be Sun
day, Nov. 2, at 7:30 p.m. and will
feature music by Bach and Handel.
French organ music will be played
on Thursday, Nov. 13, at 4:15 p.m.
and Baroqiie organ music for
Christmas will be played on Thurs
day, Dec. 11, at 4:15 p.m.
The first of four organ recitals of
Baroque music will be presented by
Organist Warren D. Allen tomorrow
afternoon at. 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Tomorrow's program will include
"Fantasia in Echo Style," composed
by Jan Pieter Sweelinch. The echo
represented in this piece was much
used in the 16th century because it
afforded the only expression change
possible before the introduction of
the crescendo.
"Toccata for the Elevation" by
Girolamo Frescobaldi will be pre
sented twice. First it will be played
in the old style, without dynamic
changes, and then in the modern
manner, with more romantic tone
colors.
"Capriccio" by Johann Jacob Fro
berger, "Cantilena Anglica Fortu
nae" by Samuel Scheidt, '"Toccata
in C Minor" by George Muffat, and
two pieces by Dietrich Buxtehude:
chorale prelude, "Von Gott will ich
nicht lassen," and prelude, "Fugue
and Chaconne in C Major," will
complete the recital.
The second program will be Sun
day, Nov. 2, at 7:30 p.m. and will
feature music by Bach and Handel.
French organ music will be played
on Thursday, Nov. 13, at 4:15 p.m.
and Baroqiie organ music for
Christmas will be played on Thurs
day, Dec. 11, at 4:15 p.m.
The first of four organ recitals of
Baroque music will be presented by
Organist Warren D. Allen tomorrow
afternoon at. 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Tomorrow's program will include
"Fantasia in Echo Style," composed
by Jan Pieter Sweelinch. The echo
represented in this piece was much
used in the 16th century because it
afforded the only expression change
possible before the introduction of
the crescendo.
"Toccata for the Elevation" by
Girolamo Frescobaldi will be pre
sented twice. First it will be played
in the old style, without dynamic
changes, and then in the modern
manner, with more romantic tone
colors.
"Capriccio" by Johann Jacob Fro
berger, "Cantilena Anglica Fortu
nae" by Samuel Scheidt, '"Toccata
in C Minor" by George Muffat, and
two pieces by Dietrich Buxtehude:
chorale prelude, "Von Gott will ich
nicht lassen," and prelude, "Fugue
and Chaconne in C Major," will
complete the recital.
The second program will be Sun
day, Nov. 2, at 7:30 p.m. and will
feature music by Bach and Handel.
French organ music will be played
on Thursday, Nov. 13, at 4:15 p.m.
and Baroqiie organ music for
Christmas will be played on Thurs
day, Dec. 11, at 4:15 p.m.
The first of four organ recitals of
Baroque music will be presented by
Organist Warren D. Allen tomorrow
afternoon at. 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Tomorrow's program will include
"Fantasia in Echo Style," composed
by Jan Pieter Sweelinch. The echo
represented in this piece was much
used in the 16th century because it
afforded the only expression change
possible before the introduction of
the crescendo.
"Toccata for the Elevation" by
Girolamo Frescobaldi will be pre
sented twice. First it will be played
in the old style, without dynamic
changes, and then in the modern
manner, with more romantic tone
colors.
"Capriccio" by Johann Jacob Fro
berger, "Cantilena Anglica Fortu
nae" by Samuel Scheidt, '"Toccata
in C Minor" by George Muffat, and
two pieces by Dietrich Buxtehude:
chorale prelude, "Von Gott will ich
nicht lassen," and prelude, "Fugue
and Chaconne in C Major," will
complete the recital.
The second program will be Sun
day, Nov. 2, at 7:30 p.m. and will
feature music by Bach and Handel.
French organ music will be played
on Thursday, Nov. 13, at 4:15 p.m.
and Baroqiie organ music for
Christmas will be played on Thurs
day, Dec. 11, at 4:15 p.m.
The first of four organ recitals of
Baroque music will be presented by
Organist Warren D. Allen tomorrow
afternoon at. 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Tomorrow's program will include
"Fantasia in Echo Style," composed
by Jan Pieter Sweelinch. The echo
represented in this piece was much
used in the 16th century because it
afforded the only expression change
possible before the introduction of
the crescendo.
"Toccata for the Elevation" by
Girolamo Frescobaldi will be pre
sented twice. First it will be played
in the old style, without dynamic
changes, and then in the modern
manner, with more romantic tone
colors.
"Capriccio" by Johann Jacob Fro
berger, "Cantilena Anglica Fortu
nae" by Samuel Scheidt, '"Toccata
in C Minor" by George Muffat, and
two pieces by Dietrich Buxtehude:
chorale prelude, "Von Gott will ich
nicht lassen," and prelude, "Fugue
and Chaconne in C Major," will
complete the recital.
The second program will be Sun
day, Nov. 2, at 7:30 p.m. and will
feature music by Bach and Handel.
French organ music will be played
on Thursday, Nov. 13, at 4:15 p.m.
and Baroqiie organ music for
Christmas will be played on Thurs
day, Dec. 11, at 4:15 p.m.
The first of four organ recitals of
Baroque music will be presented by
Organist Warren D. Allen tomorrow
afternoon at. 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Tomorrow's program will include
"Fantasia in Echo Style," composed
by Jan Pieter Sweelinch. The echo
represented in this piece was much
used in the 16th century because it
afforded the only expression change
possible before the introduction of
the crescendo.
"Toccata for the Elevation" by
Girolamo Frescobaldi will be pre
sented twice. First it will be played
in the old style, without dynamic
changes, and then in the modern
manner, with more romantic tone
colors.
"Capriccio" by Johann Jacob Fro
berger, "Cantilena Anglica Fortu
nae" by Samuel Scheidt, '"Toccata
in C Minor" by George Muffat, and
two pieces by Dietrich Buxtehude:
chorale prelude, "Von Gott will ich
nicht lassen," and prelude, "Fugue
and Chaconne in C Major," will
complete the recital.
The second program will be Sun
day, Nov. 2, at 7:30 p.m. and will
feature music by Bach and Handel.
French organ music will be played
on Thursday, Nov. 13, at 4:15 p.m.
and Baroqiie organ music for
Christmas will be played on Thurs
day, Dec. 11, at 4:15 p.m.
The first of four organ recitals of
Baroque music will be presented by
Organist Warren D. Allen tomorrow
afternoon at. 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Tomorrow's program will include
"Fantasia in Echo Style," composed
by Jan Pieter Sweelinch. The echo
represented in this piece was much
used in the 16th century because it
afforded the only expression change
possible before the introduction of
the crescendo.
"Toccata for the Elevation" by
Girolamo Frescobaldi will be pre
sented twice. First it will be played
in the old style, without dynamic
changes, and then in the modern
manner, with more romantic tone
colors.
"Capriccio" by Johann Jacob Fro
berger, "Cantilena Anglica Fortu
nae" by Samuel Scheidt, '"Toccata
in C Minor" by George Muffat, and
two pieces by Dietrich Buxtehude:
chorale prelude, "Von Gott will ich
nicht lassen," and prelude, "Fugue
and Chaconne in C Major," will
complete the recital.
The second program will be Sun
day, Nov. 2, at 7:30 p.m. and will
feature music by Bach and Handel.
French organ music will be played
on Thursday, Nov. 13, at 4:15 p.m.
and Baroqiie organ music for
Christmas will be played on Thurs
day, Dec. 11, at 4:15 p.m.
The first of four organ recitals of
Baroque music will be presented by
Organist Warren D. Allen tomorrow
afternoon at. 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Tomorrow's program will include
"Fantasia in Echo Style," composed
by Jan Pieter Sweelinch. The echo
represented in this piece was much
used in the 16th century because it
afforded the only expression change
possible before the introduction of
the crescendo.
"Toccata for the Elevation" by
Girolamo Frescobaldi will be pre
sented twice. First it will be played
in the old style, without dynamic
changes, and then in the modern
manner, with more romantic tone
colors.
"Capriccio" by Johann Jacob Fro
berger, "Cantilena Anglica Fortu
nae" by Samuel Scheidt, '"Toccata
in C Minor" by George Muffat, and
two pieces by Dietrich Buxtehude:
chorale prelude, "Von Gott will ich
nicht lassen," and prelude, "Fugue
and Chaconne in C Major," will
complete the recital.
The second program will be Sun
day, Nov. 2, at 7:30 p.m. and will
feature music by Bach and Handel.
French organ music will be played
on Thursday, Nov. 13, at 4:15 p.m.
and Baroqiie organ music for
Christmas will be played on Thurs
day, Dec. 11, at 4:15 p.m.
The first of four organ recitals of
Baroque music will be presented by
Organist Warren D. Allen tomorrow
afternoon at. 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Tomorrow's program will include
"Fantasia in Echo Style," composed
by Jan Pieter Sweelinch. The echo
represented in this piece was much
used in the 16th century because it
afforded the only expression change
possible before the introduction of
the crescendo.
"Toccata for the Elevation" by
Girolamo Frescobaldi will be pre
sented twice. First it will be played
in the old style, without dynamic
changes, and then in the modern
manner, with more romantic tone
colors.
"Capriccio" by Johann Jacob Fro
berger, "Cantilena Anglica Fortu
nae" by Samuel Scheidt, '"Toccata
in C Minor" by George Muffat, and
two pieces by Dietrich Buxtehude:
chorale prelude, "Von Gott will ich
nicht lassen," and prelude, "Fugue
and Chaconne in C Major," will
complete the recital.
The second program will be Sun
day, Nov. 2, at 7:30 p.m. and will
feature music by Bach and Handel.
French organ music will be played
on Thursday, Nov. 13, at 4:15 p.m.
and Baroqiie organ music for
Christmas will be played on Thurs
day, Dec. 11, at 4:15 p.m.
