# Chorus to Rehearse Boris Goudonov Opera
## 
### 
The University Chorus will meet
tonight at 7:15 at the Knoll to re
hearse the Coronation Scene from [
"Boris Goudonov," by Moussorgsky. ;
According to Harold C. Schmidt, j
director, the chorus is still in need
of tenors, and even those who have j
not tried out are welcome at to- '
night's meeting.
The University Chorus will meet
tonight at 7:15 at the Knoll to re
hearse the Coronation Scene from [
"Boris Goudonov," by Moussorgsky. ;
According to Harold C. Schmidt, j
director, the chorus is still in need
of tenors, and even those who have j
not tried out are welcome at to- '
night's meeting.
The University Chorus will meet
tonight at 7:15 at the Knoll to re
hearse the Coronation Scene from [
"Boris Goudonov," by Moussorgsky. ;
According to Harold C. Schmidt, j
director, the chorus is still in need
of tenors, and even those who have j
not tried out are welcome at to- '
night's meeting.
The University Chorus will meet
tonight at 7:15 at the Knoll to re
hearse the Coronation Scene from [
"Boris Goudonov," by Moussorgsky. ;
According to Harold C. Schmidt, j
director, the chorus is still in need
of tenors, and even those who have j
not tried out are welcome at to- '
night's meeting.
The University Chorus will meet
tonight at 7:15 at the Knoll to re
hearse the Coronation Scene from [
"Boris Goudonov," by Moussorgsky. ;
According to Harold C. Schmidt, j
director, the chorus is still in need
of tenors, and even those who have j
not tried out are welcome at to- '
night's meeting.
The University Chorus will meet
tonight at 7:15 at the Knoll to re
hearse the Coronation Scene from [
"Boris Goudonov," by Moussorgsky. ;
According to Harold C. Schmidt, j
director, the chorus is still in need
of tenors, and even those who have j
not tried out are welcome at to- '
night's meeting.
The University Chorus will meet
tonight at 7:15 at the Knoll to re
hearse the Coronation Scene from [
"Boris Goudonov," by Moussorgsky. ;
According to Harold C. Schmidt, j
director, the chorus is still in need
of tenors, and even those who have j
not tried out are welcome at to- '
night's meeting.
The University Chorus will meet
tonight at 7:15 at the Knoll to re
hearse the Coronation Scene from [
"Boris Goudonov," by Moussorgsky. ;
According to Harold C. Schmidt, j
director, the chorus is still in need
of tenors, and even those who have j
not tried out are welcome at to- '
night's meeting.
The University Chorus will meet
tonight at 7:15 at the Knoll to re
hearse the Coronation Scene from [
"Boris Goudonov," by Moussorgsky. ;
According to Harold C. Schmidt, j
director, the chorus is still in need
of tenors, and even those who have j
not tried out are welcome at to- '
night's meeting.
The University Chorus will meet
tonight at 7:15 at the Knoll to re
hearse the Coronation Scene from [
"Boris Goudonov," by Moussorgsky. ;
According to Harold C. Schmidt, j
director, the chorus is still in need
of tenors, and even those who have j
not tried out are welcome at to- '
night's meeting.
The University Chorus will meet
tonight at 7:15 at the Knoll to re
hearse the Coronation Scene from [
"Boris Goudonov," by Moussorgsky. ;
According to Harold C. Schmidt, j
director, the chorus is still in need
of tenors, and even those who have j
not tried out are welcome at to- '
night's meeting.
The University Chorus will meet
tonight at 7:15 at the Knoll to re
hearse the Coronation Scene from [
"Boris Goudonov," by Moussorgsky. ;
According to Harold C. Schmidt, j
director, the chorus is still in need
of tenors, and even those who have j
not tried out are welcome at to- '
night's meeting.
The University Chorus will meet
tonight at 7:15 at the Knoll to re
hearse the Coronation Scene from [
"Boris Goudonov," by Moussorgsky. ;
According to Harold C. Schmidt, j
director, the chorus is still in need
of tenors, and even those who have j
not tried out are welcome at to- '
night's meeting.
The University Chorus will meet
tonight at 7:15 at the Knoll to re
hearse the Coronation Scene from [
"Boris Goudonov," by Moussorgsky. ;
According to Harold C. Schmidt, j
director, the chorus is still in need
of tenors, and even those who have j
not tried out are welcome at to- '
night's meeting.
The University Chorus will meet
tonight at 7:15 at the Knoll to re
hearse the Coronation Scene from [
"Boris Goudonov," by Moussorgsky. ;
According to Harold C. Schmidt, j
director, the chorus is still in need
of tenors, and even those who have j
not tried out are welcome at to- '
night's meeting.
The University Chorus will meet
tonight at 7:15 at the Knoll to re
hearse the Coronation Scene from [
"Boris Goudonov," by Moussorgsky. ;
According to Harold C. Schmidt, j
director, the chorus is still in need
of tenors, and even those who have j
not tried out are welcome at to- '
night's meeting.
