# Lagunita Installs Officers at Dinner
## 
### 
Last night Lagunita Court held its
annual installation dinner for the
newly elected casa officers. These
new presidents, vice-presidents, and
committee of seven members were
introduced by Lagunita President
Sallee Wilson.
During dinner each girl was re
quired to draw on the back of a
paper plate her conception of a
nursery rhyme. The new officers
actcd as judges and the winner was
rewarded by a prize of an all-day
sucker.
Last night Lagunita Court held its
annual installation dinner for the
newly elected casa officers. These
new presidents, vice-presidents, and
committee of seven members were
introduced by Lagunita President
Sallee Wilson.
During dinner each girl was re
quired to draw on the back of a
paper plate her conception of a
nursery rhyme. The new officers
actcd as judges and the winner was
rewarded by a prize of an all-day
sucker.
Last night Lagunita Court held its
annual installation dinner for the
newly elected casa officers. These
new presidents, vice-presidents, and
committee of seven members were
introduced by Lagunita President
Sallee Wilson.
During dinner each girl was re
quired to draw on the back of a
paper plate her conception of a
nursery rhyme. The new officers
actcd as judges and the winner was
rewarded by a prize of an all-day
sucker.
Last night Lagunita Court held its
annual installation dinner for the
newly elected casa officers. These
new presidents, vice-presidents, and
committee of seven members were
introduced by Lagunita President
Sallee Wilson.
During dinner each girl was re
quired to draw on the back of a
paper plate her conception of a
nursery rhyme. The new officers
actcd as judges and the winner was
rewarded by a prize of an all-day
sucker.
Last night Lagunita Court held its
annual installation dinner for the
newly elected casa officers. These
new presidents, vice-presidents, and
committee of seven members were
introduced by Lagunita President
Sallee Wilson.
During dinner each girl was re
quired to draw on the back of a
paper plate her conception of a
nursery rhyme. The new officers
actcd as judges and the winner was
rewarded by a prize of an all-day
sucker.
Last night Lagunita Court held its
annual installation dinner for the
newly elected casa officers. These
new presidents, vice-presidents, and
committee of seven members were
introduced by Lagunita President
Sallee Wilson.
During dinner each girl was re
quired to draw on the back of a
paper plate her conception of a
nursery rhyme. The new officers
actcd as judges and the winner was
rewarded by a prize of an all-day
sucker.
Last night Lagunita Court held its
annual installation dinner for the
newly elected casa officers. These
new presidents, vice-presidents, and
committee of seven members were
introduced by Lagunita President
Sallee Wilson.
During dinner each girl was re
quired to draw on the back of a
paper plate her conception of a
nursery rhyme. The new officers
actcd as judges and the winner was
rewarded by a prize of an all-day
sucker.
Last night Lagunita Court held its
annual installation dinner for the
newly elected casa officers. These
new presidents, vice-presidents, and
committee of seven members were
introduced by Lagunita President
Sallee Wilson.
During dinner each girl was re
quired to draw on the back of a
paper plate her conception of a
nursery rhyme. The new officers
actcd as judges and the winner was
rewarded by a prize of an all-day
sucker.
Last night Lagunita Court held its
annual installation dinner for the
newly elected casa officers. These
new presidents, vice-presidents, and
committee of seven members were
introduced by Lagunita President
Sallee Wilson.
During dinner each girl was re
quired to draw on the back of a
paper plate her conception of a
nursery rhyme. The new officers
actcd as judges and the winner was
rewarded by a prize of an all-day
sucker.
Last night Lagunita Court held its
annual installation dinner for the
newly elected casa officers. These
new presidents, vice-presidents, and
committee of seven members were
introduced by Lagunita President
Sallee Wilson.
During dinner each girl was re
quired to draw on the back of a
paper plate her conception of a
nursery rhyme. The new officers
actcd as judges and the winner was
rewarded by a prize of an all-day
sucker.
Last night Lagunita Court held its
annual installation dinner for the
newly elected casa officers. These
new presidents, vice-presidents, and
committee of seven members were
introduced by Lagunita President
Sallee Wilson.
During dinner each girl was re
quired to draw on the back of a
paper plate her conception of a
nursery rhyme. The new officers
actcd as judges and the winner was
rewarded by a prize of an all-day
sucker.
Last night Lagunita Court held its
annual installation dinner for the
newly elected casa officers. These
new presidents, vice-presidents, and
committee of seven members were
introduced by Lagunita President
Sallee Wilson.
During dinner each girl was re
quired to draw on the back of a
paper plate her conception of a
nursery rhyme. The new officers
actcd as judges and the winner was
rewarded by a prize of an all-day
sucker.
Last night Lagunita Court held its
annual installation dinner for the
newly elected casa officers. These
new presidents, vice-presidents, and
committee of seven members were
introduced by Lagunita President
Sallee Wilson.
During dinner each girl was re
quired to draw on the back of a
paper plate her conception of a
nursery rhyme. The new officers
actcd as judges and the winner was
rewarded by a prize of an all-day
sucker.
Last night Lagunita Court held its
annual installation dinner for the
newly elected casa officers. These
new presidents, vice-presidents, and
committee of seven members were
introduced by Lagunita President
Sallee Wilson.
During dinner each girl was re
quired to draw on the back of a
paper plate her conception of a
nursery rhyme. The new officers
actcd as judges and the winner was
rewarded by a prize of an all-day
sucker.
Last night Lagunita Court held its
annual installation dinner for the
newly elected casa officers. These
new presidents, vice-presidents, and
committee of seven members were
introduced by Lagunita President
Sallee Wilson.
During dinner each girl was re
quired to draw on the back of a
paper plate her conception of a
nursery rhyme. The new officers
actcd as judges and the winner was
rewarded by a prize of an all-day
sucker.
Last night Lagunita Court held its
annual installation dinner for the
newly elected casa officers. These
new presidents, vice-presidents, and
committee of seven members were
introduced by Lagunita President
Sallee Wilson.
During dinner each girl was re
quired to draw on the back of a
paper plate her conception of a
nursery rhyme. The new officers
actcd as judges and the winner was
rewarded by a prize of an all-day
sucker.
Last night Lagunita Court held its
annual installation dinner for the
newly elected casa officers. These
new presidents, vice-presidents, and
committee of seven members were
introduced by Lagunita President
Sallee Wilson.
During dinner each girl was re
quired to draw on the back of a
paper plate her conception of a
nursery rhyme. The new officers
actcd as judges and the winner was
rewarded by a prize of an all-day
sucker.
