# Aussies Outkick Farm Footballers
## 
### 
Australian football players out
distanced Stanford athletes in an in
ternational kicking competition, the
records of the Antipodean per
formances revealed when they ar
rived from Melbourne today, ac
cording to United Press.
Harry Vallence of the Carlton
Football Club punted 69 yards with
an Australian and again with an 1
American ball. Jim Groves, Stan- j
ford fullback, held the next best.
mark with a 61-yard punt using an |
American ball. Glenn Hamilton and
Groves punted the Australian ball j
53 yards each.
In drop kicking, E. Huxtable of
Carlton lifted the Australian ball 67
yards and the American 65, beating I

Hamilton's 59 - yard performance
with the Australian ball and his 55-
yard kick with the American ball.
The competition was conducted
under the auspices of H. Archie
Richardson, San Francisco repre
sentative of the Melbourne Sporting
Globe.
Australian football players out
distanced Stanford athletes in an in
ternational kicking competition, the
records of the Antipodean per
formances revealed when they ar
rived from Melbourne today, ac
cording to United Press.
Harry Vallence of the Carlton
Football Club punted 69 yards with
an Australian and again with an 1
American ball. Jim Groves, Stan- j
ford fullback, held the next best.
mark with a 61-yard punt using an |
American ball. Glenn Hamilton and
Groves punted the Australian ball j
53 yards each.
In drop kicking, E. Huxtable of
Carlton lifted the Australian ball 67
yards and the American 65, beating I

Hamilton's 59 - yard performance
with the Australian ball and his 55-
yard kick with the American ball.
The competition was conducted
under the auspices of H. Archie
Richardson, San Francisco repre
sentative of the Melbourne Sporting
Globe.
Australian football players out
distanced Stanford athletes in an in
ternational kicking competition, the
records of the Antipodean per
formances revealed when they ar
rived from Melbourne today, ac
cording to United Press.
Harry Vallence of the Carlton
Football Club punted 69 yards with
an Australian and again with an 1
American ball. Jim Groves, Stan- j
ford fullback, held the next best.
mark with a 61-yard punt using an |
American ball. Glenn Hamilton and
Groves punted the Australian ball j
53 yards each.
In drop kicking, E. Huxtable of
Carlton lifted the Australian ball 67
yards and the American 65, beating I

Hamilton's 59 - yard performance
with the Australian ball and his 55-
yard kick with the American ball.
The competition was conducted
under the auspices of H. Archie
Richardson, San Francisco repre
sentative of the Melbourne Sporting
Globe.
Australian football players out
distanced Stanford athletes in an in
ternational kicking competition, the
records of the Antipodean per
formances revealed when they ar
rived from Melbourne today, ac
cording to United Press.
Harry Vallence of the Carlton
Football Club punted 69 yards with
an Australian and again with an 1
American ball. Jim Groves, Stan- j
ford fullback, held the next best.
mark with a 61-yard punt using an |
American ball. Glenn Hamilton and
Groves punted the Australian ball j
53 yards each.
In drop kicking, E. Huxtable of
Carlton lifted the Australian ball 67
yards and the American 65, beating I

Hamilton's 59 - yard performance
with the Australian ball and his 55-
yard kick with the American ball.
The competition was conducted
under the auspices of H. Archie
Richardson, San Francisco repre
sentative of the Melbourne Sporting
Globe.
Australian football players out
distanced Stanford athletes in an in
ternational kicking competition, the
records of the Antipodean per
formances revealed when they ar
rived from Melbourne today, ac
cording to United Press.
Harry Vallence of the Carlton
Football Club punted 69 yards with
an Australian and again with an 1
American ball. Jim Groves, Stan- j
ford fullback, held the next best.
mark with a 61-yard punt using an |
American ball. Glenn Hamilton and
Groves punted the Australian ball j
53 yards each.
In drop kicking, E. Huxtable of
Carlton lifted the Australian ball 67
yards and the American 65, beating I

Hamilton's 59 - yard performance
with the Australian ball and his 55-
yard kick with the American ball.
The competition was conducted
under the auspices of H. Archie
Richardson, San Francisco repre
sentative of the Melbourne Sporting
Globe.
Australian football players out
distanced Stanford athletes in an in
ternational kicking competition, the
records of the Antipodean per
formances revealed when they ar
rived from Melbourne today, ac
cording to United Press.
Harry Vallence of the Carlton
Football Club punted 69 yards with
an Australian and again with an 1
American ball. Jim Groves, Stan- j
ford fullback, held the next best.
mark with a 61-yard punt using an |
American ball. Glenn Hamilton and
Groves punted the Australian ball j
53 yards each.
In drop kicking, E. Huxtable of
Carlton lifted the Australian ball 67
yards and the American 65, beating I

Hamilton's 59 - yard performance
with the Australian ball and his 55-
yard kick with the American ball.
The competition was conducted
under the auspices of H. Archie
Richardson, San Francisco repre
sentative of the Melbourne Sporting
Globe.
Australian football players out
distanced Stanford athletes in an in
ternational kicking competition, the
records of the Antipodean per
formances revealed when they ar
rived from Melbourne today, ac
cording to United Press.
Harry Vallence of the Carlton
Football Club punted 69 yards with
an Australian and again with an 1
American ball. Jim Groves, Stan- j
ford fullback, held the next best.
mark with a 61-yard punt using an |
American ball. Glenn Hamilton and
Groves punted the Australian ball j
53 yards each.
In drop kicking, E. Huxtable of
Carlton lifted the Australian ball 67
yards and the American 65, beating I

Hamilton's 59 - yard performance
with the Australian ball and his 55-
yard kick with the American ball.
The competition was conducted
under the auspices of H. Archie
Richardson, San Francisco repre
sentative of the Melbourne Sporting
Globe.
Australian football players out
distanced Stanford athletes in an in
ternational kicking competition, the
records of the Antipodean per
formances revealed when they ar
rived from Melbourne today, ac
cording to United Press.
Harry Vallence of the Carlton
Football Club punted 69 yards with
an Australian and again with an 1
American ball. Jim Groves, Stan- j
ford fullback, held the next best.
mark with a 61-yard punt using an |
American ball. Glenn Hamilton and
Groves punted the Australian ball j
53 yards each.
In drop kicking, E. Huxtable of
Carlton lifted the Australian ball 67
yards and the American 65, beating I

Hamilton's 59 - yard performance
with the Australian ball and his 55-
yard kick with the American ball.
The competition was conducted
under the auspices of H. Archie
Richardson, San Francisco repre
sentative of the Melbourne Sporting
Globe.
Australian football players out
distanced Stanford athletes in an in
ternational kicking competition, the
records of the Antipodean per
formances revealed when they ar
rived from Melbourne today, ac
cording to United Press.
Harry Vallence of the Carlton
Football Club punted 69 yards with
an Australian and again with an 1
American ball. Jim Groves, Stan- j
ford fullback, held the next best.
mark with a 61-yard punt using an |
American ball. Glenn Hamilton and
Groves punted the Australian ball j
53 yards each.
In drop kicking, E. Huxtable of
Carlton lifted the Australian ball 67
yards and the American 65, beating I

Hamilton's 59 - yard performance
with the Australian ball and his 55-
yard kick with the American ball.
The competition was conducted
under the auspices of H. Archie
Richardson, San Francisco repre
sentative of the Melbourne Sporting
Globe.
Australian football players out
distanced Stanford athletes in an in
ternational kicking competition, the
records of the Antipodean per
formances revealed when they ar
rived from Melbourne today, ac
cording to United Press.
Harry Vallence of the Carlton
Football Club punted 69 yards with
an Australian and again with an 1
American ball. Jim Groves, Stan- j
ford fullback, held the next best.
mark with a 61-yard punt using an |
American ball. Glenn Hamilton and
Groves punted the Australian ball j
53 yards each.
In drop kicking, E. Huxtable of
Carlton lifted the Australian ball 67
yards and the American 65, beating I

Hamilton's 59 - yard performance
with the Australian ball and his 55-
yard kick with the American ball.
The competition was conducted
under the auspices of H. Archie
Richardson, San Francisco repre
sentative of the Melbourne Sporting
Globe.
Australian football players out
distanced Stanford athletes in an in
ternational kicking competition, the
records of the Antipodean per
formances revealed when they ar
rived from Melbourne today, ac
cording to United Press.
Harry Vallence of the Carlton
Football Club punted 69 yards with
an Australian and again with an 1
American ball. Jim Groves, Stan- j
ford fullback, held the next best.
mark with a 61-yard punt using an |
American ball. Glenn Hamilton and
Groves punted the Australian ball j
53 yards each.
In drop kicking, E. Huxtable of
Carlton lifted the Australian ball 67
yards and the American 65, beating I

Hamilton's 59 - yard performance
with the Australian ball and his 55-
yard kick with the American ball.
The competition was conducted
under the auspices of H. Archie
Richardson, San Francisco repre
sentative of the Melbourne Sporting
Globe.
Australian football players out
distanced Stanford athletes in an in
ternational kicking competition, the
records of the Antipodean per
formances revealed when they ar
rived from Melbourne today, ac
cording to United Press.
Harry Vallence of the Carlton
Football Club punted 69 yards with
an Australian and again with an 1
American ball. Jim Groves, Stan- j
ford fullback, held the next best.
mark with a 61-yard punt using an |
American ball. Glenn Hamilton and
Groves punted the Australian ball j
53 yards each.
In drop kicking, E. Huxtable of
Carlton lifted the Australian ball 67
yards and the American 65, beating I

Hamilton's 59 - yard performance
with the Australian ball and his 55-
yard kick with the American ball.
The competition was conducted
under the auspices of H. Archie
Richardson, San Francisco repre
sentative of the Melbourne Sporting
Globe.
Australian football players out
distanced Stanford athletes in an in
ternational kicking competition, the
records of the Antipodean per
formances revealed when they ar
rived from Melbourne today, ac
cording to United Press.
Harry Vallence of the Carlton
Football Club punted 69 yards with
an Australian and again with an 1
American ball. Jim Groves, Stan- j
ford fullback, held the next best.
mark with a 61-yard punt using an |
American ball. Glenn Hamilton and
Groves punted the Australian ball j
53 yards each.
In drop kicking, E. Huxtable of
Carlton lifted the Australian ball 67
yards and the American 65, beating I

Hamilton's 59 - yard performance
with the Australian ball and his 55-
yard kick with the American ball.
The competition was conducted
under the auspices of H. Archie
Richardson, San Francisco repre
sentative of the Melbourne Sporting
Globe.
Australian football players out
distanced Stanford athletes in an in
ternational kicking competition, the
records of the Antipodean per
formances revealed when they ar
rived from Melbourne today, ac
cording to United Press.
Harry Vallence of the Carlton
Football Club punted 69 yards with
an Australian and again with an 1
American ball. Jim Groves, Stan- j
ford fullback, held the next best.
mark with a 61-yard punt using an |
American ball. Glenn Hamilton and
Groves punted the Australian ball j
53 yards each.
In drop kicking, E. Huxtable of
Carlton lifted the Australian ball 67
yards and the American 65, beating I

Hamilton's 59 - yard performance
with the Australian ball and his 55-
yard kick with the American ball.
The competition was conducted
under the auspices of H. Archie
Richardson, San Francisco repre
sentative of the Melbourne Sporting
Globe.
Australian football players out
distanced Stanford athletes in an in
ternational kicking competition, the
records of the Antipodean per
formances revealed when they ar
rived from Melbourne today, ac
cording to United Press.
Harry Vallence of the Carlton
Football Club punted 69 yards with
an Australian and again with an 1
American ball. Jim Groves, Stan- j
ford fullback, held the next best.
mark with a 61-yard punt using an |
American ball. Glenn Hamilton and
Groves punted the Australian ball j
53 yards each.
In drop kicking, E. Huxtable of
Carlton lifted the Australian ball 67
yards and the American 65, beating I

Hamilton's 59 - yard performance
with the Australian ball and his 55-
yard kick with the American ball.
The competition was conducted
under the auspices of H. Archie
Richardson, San Francisco repre
sentative of the Melbourne Sporting
Globe.
Australian football players out
distanced Stanford athletes in an in
ternational kicking competition, the
records of the Antipodean per
formances revealed when they ar
rived from Melbourne today, ac
cording to United Press.
Harry Vallence of the Carlton
Football Club punted 69 yards with
an Australian and again with an 1
American ball. Jim Groves, Stan- j
ford fullback, held the next best.
mark with a 61-yard punt using an |
American ball. Glenn Hamilton and
Groves punted the Australian ball j
53 yards each.
In drop kicking, E. Huxtable of
Carlton lifted the Australian ball 67
yards and the American 65, beating I

Hamilton's 59 - yard performance
with the Australian ball and his 55-
yard kick with the American ball.
The competition was conducted
under the auspices of H. Archie
Richardson, San Francisco repre
sentative of the Melbourne Sporting
Globe.
Australian football players out
distanced Stanford athletes in an in
ternational kicking competition, the
records of the Antipodean per
formances revealed when they ar
rived from Melbourne today, ac
cording to United Press.
Harry Vallence of the Carlton
Football Club punted 69 yards with
an Australian and again with an 1
American ball. Jim Groves, Stan- j
ford fullback, held the next best.
mark with a 61-yard punt using an |
American ball. Glenn Hamilton and
Groves punted the Australian ball j
53 yards each.
In drop kicking, E. Huxtable of
Carlton lifted the Australian ball 67
yards and the American 65, beating I

Hamilton's 59 - yard performance
with the Australian ball and his 55-
yard kick with the American ball.
The competition was conducted
under the auspices of H. Archie
Richardson, San Francisco repre
sentative of the Melbourne Sporting
Globe.
