# Hopkins Speaks Over Radio Hour
## 
### 
William S. Hopkins discussed the
National Labor Relations Board in a
talk on the Stanford Radio Hour
yesterday. He indicated the board is
not an arbitration board; that it has
no power to settle strikes or me
diate disputes.
Its primary purpose is to create
equality in bargaining strength be
tween the two parties concerned.
Arbitration has failed because the
employer possesses greater bargain
ing power than the employee.
Mr. Hopkins stated further that it
was the right of the employees to or
ganize and select representatives,
and that they should be unrestrained
in their choice.
He concluded his address by sug
gesting that the Wagner Bill was
worth while and should be read
carefully before hasty judgment is
passed on it.
William S. Hopkins discussed the
National Labor Relations Board in a
talk on the Stanford Radio Hour
yesterday. He indicated the board is
not an arbitration board; that it has
no power to settle strikes or me
diate disputes.
Its primary purpose is to create
equality in bargaining strength be
tween the two parties concerned.
Arbitration has failed because the
employer possesses greater bargain
ing power than the employee.
Mr. Hopkins stated further that it
was the right of the employees to or
ganize and select representatives,
and that they should be unrestrained
in their choice.
He concluded his address by sug
gesting that the Wagner Bill was
worth while and should be read
carefully before hasty judgment is
passed on it.
William S. Hopkins discussed the
National Labor Relations Board in a
talk on the Stanford Radio Hour
yesterday. He indicated the board is
not an arbitration board; that it has
no power to settle strikes or me
diate disputes.
Its primary purpose is to create
equality in bargaining strength be
tween the two parties concerned.
Arbitration has failed because the
employer possesses greater bargain
ing power than the employee.
Mr. Hopkins stated further that it
was the right of the employees to or
ganize and select representatives,
and that they should be unrestrained
in their choice.
He concluded his address by sug
gesting that the Wagner Bill was
worth while and should be read
carefully before hasty judgment is
passed on it.
William S. Hopkins discussed the
National Labor Relations Board in a
talk on the Stanford Radio Hour
yesterday. He indicated the board is
not an arbitration board; that it has
no power to settle strikes or me
diate disputes.
Its primary purpose is to create
equality in bargaining strength be
tween the two parties concerned.
Arbitration has failed because the
employer possesses greater bargain
ing power than the employee.
Mr. Hopkins stated further that it
was the right of the employees to or
ganize and select representatives,
and that they should be unrestrained
in their choice.
He concluded his address by sug
gesting that the Wagner Bill was
worth while and should be read
carefully before hasty judgment is
passed on it.
William S. Hopkins discussed the
National Labor Relations Board in a
talk on the Stanford Radio Hour
yesterday. He indicated the board is
not an arbitration board; that it has
no power to settle strikes or me
diate disputes.
Its primary purpose is to create
equality in bargaining strength be
tween the two parties concerned.
Arbitration has failed because the
employer possesses greater bargain
ing power than the employee.
Mr. Hopkins stated further that it
was the right of the employees to or
ganize and select representatives,
and that they should be unrestrained
in their choice.
He concluded his address by sug
gesting that the Wagner Bill was
worth while and should be read
carefully before hasty judgment is
passed on it.
William S. Hopkins discussed the
National Labor Relations Board in a
talk on the Stanford Radio Hour
yesterday. He indicated the board is
not an arbitration board; that it has
no power to settle strikes or me
diate disputes.
Its primary purpose is to create
equality in bargaining strength be
tween the two parties concerned.
Arbitration has failed because the
employer possesses greater bargain
ing power than the employee.
Mr. Hopkins stated further that it
was the right of the employees to or
ganize and select representatives,
and that they should be unrestrained
in their choice.
He concluded his address by sug
gesting that the Wagner Bill was
worth while and should be read
carefully before hasty judgment is
passed on it.
William S. Hopkins discussed the
National Labor Relations Board in a
talk on the Stanford Radio Hour
yesterday. He indicated the board is
not an arbitration board; that it has
no power to settle strikes or me
diate disputes.
Its primary purpose is to create
equality in bargaining strength be
tween the two parties concerned.
Arbitration has failed because the
employer possesses greater bargain
ing power than the employee.
Mr. Hopkins stated further that it
was the right of the employees to or
ganize and select representatives,
and that they should be unrestrained
in their choice.
He concluded his address by sug
gesting that the Wagner Bill was
worth while and should be read
carefully before hasty judgment is
passed on it.
William S. Hopkins discussed the
National Labor Relations Board in a
talk on the Stanford Radio Hour
yesterday. He indicated the board is
not an arbitration board; that it has
no power to settle strikes or me
diate disputes.
Its primary purpose is to create
equality in bargaining strength be
tween the two parties concerned.
Arbitration has failed because the
employer possesses greater bargain
ing power than the employee.
Mr. Hopkins stated further that it
was the right of the employees to or
ganize and select representatives,
and that they should be unrestrained
in their choice.
He concluded his address by sug
gesting that the Wagner Bill was
worth while and should be read
carefully before hasty judgment is
passed on it.
William S. Hopkins discussed the
National Labor Relations Board in a
talk on the Stanford Radio Hour
yesterday. He indicated the board is
not an arbitration board; that it has
no power to settle strikes or me
diate disputes.
Its primary purpose is to create
equality in bargaining strength be
tween the two parties concerned.
Arbitration has failed because the
employer possesses greater bargain
ing power than the employee.
Mr. Hopkins stated further that it
was the right of the employees to or
ganize and select representatives,
and that they should be unrestrained
in their choice.
He concluded his address by sug
gesting that the Wagner Bill was
worth while and should be read
carefully before hasty judgment is
passed on it.
William S. Hopkins discussed the
National Labor Relations Board in a
talk on the Stanford Radio Hour
yesterday. He indicated the board is
not an arbitration board; that it has
no power to settle strikes or me
diate disputes.
Its primary purpose is to create
equality in bargaining strength be
tween the two parties concerned.
Arbitration has failed because the
employer possesses greater bargain
ing power than the employee.
Mr. Hopkins stated further that it
was the right of the employees to or
ganize and select representatives,
and that they should be unrestrained
in their choice.
He concluded his address by sug
gesting that the Wagner Bill was
worth while and should be read
carefully before hasty judgment is
passed on it.
William S. Hopkins discussed the
National Labor Relations Board in a
talk on the Stanford Radio Hour
yesterday. He indicated the board is
not an arbitration board; that it has
no power to settle strikes or me
diate disputes.
Its primary purpose is to create
equality in bargaining strength be
tween the two parties concerned.
Arbitration has failed because the
employer possesses greater bargain
ing power than the employee.
Mr. Hopkins stated further that it
was the right of the employees to or
ganize and select representatives,
and that they should be unrestrained
in their choice.
He concluded his address by sug
gesting that the Wagner Bill was
worth while and should be read
carefully before hasty judgment is
passed on it.
William S. Hopkins discussed the
National Labor Relations Board in a
talk on the Stanford Radio Hour
yesterday. He indicated the board is
not an arbitration board; that it has
no power to settle strikes or me
diate disputes.
Its primary purpose is to create
equality in bargaining strength be
tween the two parties concerned.
Arbitration has failed because the
employer possesses greater bargain
ing power than the employee.
Mr. Hopkins stated further that it
was the right of the employees to or
ganize and select representatives,
and that they should be unrestrained
in their choice.
He concluded his address by sug
gesting that the Wagner Bill was
worth while and should be read
carefully before hasty judgment is
passed on it.
William S. Hopkins discussed the
National Labor Relations Board in a
talk on the Stanford Radio Hour
yesterday. He indicated the board is
not an arbitration board; that it has
no power to settle strikes or me
diate disputes.
Its primary purpose is to create
equality in bargaining strength be
tween the two parties concerned.
Arbitration has failed because the
employer possesses greater bargain
ing power than the employee.
Mr. Hopkins stated further that it
was the right of the employees to or
ganize and select representatives,
and that they should be unrestrained
in their choice.
He concluded his address by sug
gesting that the Wagner Bill was
worth while and should be read
carefully before hasty judgment is
passed on it.
William S. Hopkins discussed the
National Labor Relations Board in a
talk on the Stanford Radio Hour
yesterday. He indicated the board is
not an arbitration board; that it has
no power to settle strikes or me
diate disputes.
Its primary purpose is to create
equality in bargaining strength be
tween the two parties concerned.
Arbitration has failed because the
employer possesses greater bargain
ing power than the employee.
Mr. Hopkins stated further that it
was the right of the employees to or
ganize and select representatives,
and that they should be unrestrained
in their choice.
He concluded his address by sug
gesting that the Wagner Bill was
worth while and should be read
carefully before hasty judgment is
passed on it.
William S. Hopkins discussed the
National Labor Relations Board in a
talk on the Stanford Radio Hour
yesterday. He indicated the board is
not an arbitration board; that it has
no power to settle strikes or me
diate disputes.
Its primary purpose is to create
equality in bargaining strength be
tween the two parties concerned.
Arbitration has failed because the
employer possesses greater bargain
ing power than the employee.
Mr. Hopkins stated further that it
was the right of the employees to or
ganize and select representatives,
and that they should be unrestrained
in their choice.
He concluded his address by sug
gesting that the Wagner Bill was
worth while and should be read
carefully before hasty judgment is
passed on it.
William S. Hopkins discussed the
National Labor Relations Board in a
talk on the Stanford Radio Hour
yesterday. He indicated the board is
not an arbitration board; that it has
no power to settle strikes or me
diate disputes.
Its primary purpose is to create
equality in bargaining strength be
tween the two parties concerned.
Arbitration has failed because the
employer possesses greater bargain
ing power than the employee.
Mr. Hopkins stated further that it
was the right of the employees to or
ganize and select representatives,
and that they should be unrestrained
in their choice.
He concluded his address by sug
gesting that the Wagner Bill was
worth while and should be read
carefully before hasty judgment is
passed on it.
William S. Hopkins discussed the
National Labor Relations Board in a
talk on the Stanford Radio Hour
yesterday. He indicated the board is
not an arbitration board; that it has
no power to settle strikes or me
diate disputes.
Its primary purpose is to create
equality in bargaining strength be
tween the two parties concerned.
Arbitration has failed because the
employer possesses greater bargain
ing power than the employee.
Mr. Hopkins stated further that it
was the right of the employees to or
ganize and select representatives,
and that they should be unrestrained
in their choice.
He concluded his address by sug
gesting that the Wagner Bill was
worth while and should be read
carefully before hasty judgment is
passed on it.
