# CHAPPIE PICTURE
## 
### 
Pictures of the Chappie staff to be
used in the Quad will be taken in
the Union court at 12:45 o'clock
today.
Pictures of the Chappie staff to be
used in the Quad will be taken in
the Union court at 12:45 o'clock
today.
Pictures of the Chappie staff to be
used in the Quad will be taken in
the Union court at 12:45 o'clock
today.
Pictures of the Chappie staff to be
used in the Quad will be taken in
the Union court at 12:45 o'clock
today.
Pictures of the Chappie staff to be
used in the Quad will be taken in
the Union court at 12:45 o'clock
today.
Pictures of the Chappie staff to be
used in the Quad will be taken in
the Union court at 12:45 o'clock
today.
Pictures of the Chappie staff to be
used in the Quad will be taken in
the Union court at 12:45 o'clock
today.
Pictures of the Chappie staff to be
used in the Quad will be taken in
the Union court at 12:45 o'clock
today.
Pictures of the Chappie staff to be
used in the Quad will be taken in
the Union court at 12:45 o'clock
today.
Pictures of the Chappie staff to be
used in the Quad will be taken in
the Union court at 12:45 o'clock
today.
Pictures of the Chappie staff to be
used in the Quad will be taken in
the Union court at 12:45 o'clock
today.
Pictures of the Chappie staff to be
used in the Quad will be taken in
the Union court at 12:45 o'clock
today.
Pictures of the Chappie staff to be
used in the Quad will be taken in
the Union court at 12:45 o'clock
today.
Pictures of the Chappie staff to be
used in the Quad will be taken in
the Union court at 12:45 o'clock
today.
Pictures of the Chappie staff to be
used in the Quad will be taken in
the Union court at 12:45 o'clock
today.
Pictures of the Chappie staff to be
used in the Quad will be taken in
the Union court at 12:45 o'clock
today.
Pictures of the Chappie staff to be
used in the Quad will be taken in
the Union court at 12:45 o'clock
today.
