# College Bad for Artistic Students, States Mencken
## 
### 
That "college is a bad place for
undergraduates with artistic ability
of any sort" was the opinion given by
H. L. Mencken, editor of the American
Mercury and well-known critic, at an
address before several hundred stu
dents of Harvard University. There
are too many new and interesting men
and apportunities about a university,
and a writer must be absolutely clois
tered to his best work, which is the
only work that matters. Writing, he
said, is the most lonely occupation in
the world.
Mencken also attacked the Ph.D.
degree, characterizing it as a "rigama
role constituting a distinct and dan
gerous menace to the inspirational
quality of American college teaching."
That "college is a bad place for
undergraduates with artistic ability
of any sort" was the opinion given by
H. L. Mencken, editor of the American
Mercury and well-known critic, at an
address before several hundred stu
dents of Harvard University. There
are too many new and interesting men
and apportunities about a university,
and a writer must be absolutely clois
tered to his best work, which is the
only work that matters. Writing, he
said, is the most lonely occupation in
the world.
Mencken also attacked the Ph.D.
degree, characterizing it as a "rigama
role constituting a distinct and dan
gerous menace to the inspirational
quality of American college teaching."
That "college is a bad place for
undergraduates with artistic ability
of any sort" was the opinion given by
H. L. Mencken, editor of the American
Mercury and well-known critic, at an
address before several hundred stu
dents of Harvard University. There
are too many new and interesting men
and apportunities about a university,
and a writer must be absolutely clois
tered to his best work, which is the
only work that matters. Writing, he
said, is the most lonely occupation in
the world.
Mencken also attacked the Ph.D.
degree, characterizing it as a "rigama
role constituting a distinct and dan
gerous menace to the inspirational
quality of American college teaching."
That "college is a bad place for
undergraduates with artistic ability
of any sort" was the opinion given by
H. L. Mencken, editor of the American
Mercury and well-known critic, at an
address before several hundred stu
dents of Harvard University. There
are too many new and interesting men
and apportunities about a university,
and a writer must be absolutely clois
tered to his best work, which is the
only work that matters. Writing, he
said, is the most lonely occupation in
the world.
Mencken also attacked the Ph.D.
degree, characterizing it as a "rigama
role constituting a distinct and dan
gerous menace to the inspirational
quality of American college teaching."
That "college is a bad place for
undergraduates with artistic ability
of any sort" was the opinion given by
H. L. Mencken, editor of the American
Mercury and well-known critic, at an
address before several hundred stu
dents of Harvard University. There
are too many new and interesting men
and apportunities about a university,
and a writer must be absolutely clois
tered to his best work, which is the
only work that matters. Writing, he
said, is the most lonely occupation in
the world.
Mencken also attacked the Ph.D.
degree, characterizing it as a "rigama
role constituting a distinct and dan
gerous menace to the inspirational
quality of American college teaching."
That "college is a bad place for
undergraduates with artistic ability
of any sort" was the opinion given by
H. L. Mencken, editor of the American
Mercury and well-known critic, at an
address before several hundred stu
dents of Harvard University. There
are too many new and interesting men
and apportunities about a university,
and a writer must be absolutely clois
tered to his best work, which is the
only work that matters. Writing, he
said, is the most lonely occupation in
the world.
Mencken also attacked the Ph.D.
degree, characterizing it as a "rigama
role constituting a distinct and dan
gerous menace to the inspirational
quality of American college teaching."
That "college is a bad place for
undergraduates with artistic ability
of any sort" was the opinion given by
H. L. Mencken, editor of the American
Mercury and well-known critic, at an
address before several hundred stu
dents of Harvard University. There
are too many new and interesting men
and apportunities about a university,
and a writer must be absolutely clois
tered to his best work, which is the
only work that matters. Writing, he
said, is the most lonely occupation in
the world.
Mencken also attacked the Ph.D.
degree, characterizing it as a "rigama
role constituting a distinct and dan
gerous menace to the inspirational
quality of American college teaching."
That "college is a bad place for
undergraduates with artistic ability
of any sort" was the opinion given by
H. L. Mencken, editor of the American
Mercury and well-known critic, at an
address before several hundred stu
dents of Harvard University. There
are too many new and interesting men
and apportunities about a university,
and a writer must be absolutely clois
tered to his best work, which is the
only work that matters. Writing, he
said, is the most lonely occupation in
the world.
Mencken also attacked the Ph.D.
degree, characterizing it as a "rigama
role constituting a distinct and dan
gerous menace to the inspirational
quality of American college teaching."
That "college is a bad place for
undergraduates with artistic ability
of any sort" was the opinion given by
H. L. Mencken, editor of the American
Mercury and well-known critic, at an
address before several hundred stu
dents of Harvard University. There
are too many new and interesting men
and apportunities about a university,
and a writer must be absolutely clois
tered to his best work, which is the
only work that matters. Writing, he
said, is the most lonely occupation in
the world.
Mencken also attacked the Ph.D.
degree, characterizing it as a "rigama
role constituting a distinct and dan
gerous menace to the inspirational
quality of American college teaching."
That "college is a bad place for
undergraduates with artistic ability
of any sort" was the opinion given by
H. L. Mencken, editor of the American
Mercury and well-known critic, at an
address before several hundred stu
dents of Harvard University. There
are too many new and interesting men
and apportunities about a university,
and a writer must be absolutely clois
tered to his best work, which is the
only work that matters. Writing, he
said, is the most lonely occupation in
the world.
Mencken also attacked the Ph.D.
degree, characterizing it as a "rigama
role constituting a distinct and dan
gerous menace to the inspirational
quality of American college teaching."
That "college is a bad place for
undergraduates with artistic ability
of any sort" was the opinion given by
H. L. Mencken, editor of the American
Mercury and well-known critic, at an
address before several hundred stu
dents of Harvard University. There
are too many new and interesting men
and apportunities about a university,
and a writer must be absolutely clois
tered to his best work, which is the
only work that matters. Writing, he
said, is the most lonely occupation in
the world.
Mencken also attacked the Ph.D.
degree, characterizing it as a "rigama
role constituting a distinct and dan
gerous menace to the inspirational
quality of American college teaching."
That "college is a bad place for
undergraduates with artistic ability
of any sort" was the opinion given by
H. L. Mencken, editor of the American
Mercury and well-known critic, at an
address before several hundred stu
dents of Harvard University. There
are too many new and interesting men
and apportunities about a university,
and a writer must be absolutely clois
tered to his best work, which is the
only work that matters. Writing, he
said, is the most lonely occupation in
the world.
Mencken also attacked the Ph.D.
degree, characterizing it as a "rigama
role constituting a distinct and dan
gerous menace to the inspirational
quality of American college teaching."
That "college is a bad place for
undergraduates with artistic ability
of any sort" was the opinion given by
H. L. Mencken, editor of the American
Mercury and well-known critic, at an
address before several hundred stu
dents of Harvard University. There
are too many new and interesting men
and apportunities about a university,
and a writer must be absolutely clois
tered to his best work, which is the
only work that matters. Writing, he
said, is the most lonely occupation in
the world.
Mencken also attacked the Ph.D.
degree, characterizing it as a "rigama
role constituting a distinct and dan
gerous menace to the inspirational
quality of American college teaching."
That "college is a bad place for
undergraduates with artistic ability
of any sort" was the opinion given by
H. L. Mencken, editor of the American
Mercury and well-known critic, at an
address before several hundred stu
dents of Harvard University. There
are too many new and interesting men
and apportunities about a university,
and a writer must be absolutely clois
tered to his best work, which is the
only work that matters. Writing, he
said, is the most lonely occupation in
the world.
Mencken also attacked the Ph.D.
degree, characterizing it as a "rigama
role constituting a distinct and dan
gerous menace to the inspirational
quality of American college teaching."
