# SINGS TONIGHT
## 
### 

Joan Ruth, soprano of the Metro
politan Opera Company, who will sing
tonight in the Assembly hall, with Ed
ward Johnson, also of the Metropoli
tan. Both artists are noted for their
clever interpretation and pure vocal
quality, besides being operatic actors
of fame.

Joan Ruth, soprano of the Metro
politan Opera Company, who will sing
tonight in the Assembly hall, with Ed
ward Johnson, also of the Metropoli
tan. Both artists are noted for their
clever interpretation and pure vocal
quality, besides being operatic actors
of fame.

Joan Ruth, soprano of the Metro
politan Opera Company, who will sing
tonight in the Assembly hall, with Ed
ward Johnson, also of the Metropoli
tan. Both artists are noted for their
clever interpretation and pure vocal
quality, besides being operatic actors
of fame.

Joan Ruth, soprano of the Metro
politan Opera Company, who will sing
tonight in the Assembly hall, with Ed
ward Johnson, also of the Metropoli
tan. Both artists are noted for their
clever interpretation and pure vocal
quality, besides being operatic actors
of fame.

Joan Ruth, soprano of the Metro
politan Opera Company, who will sing
tonight in the Assembly hall, with Ed
ward Johnson, also of the Metropoli
tan. Both artists are noted for their
clever interpretation and pure vocal
quality, besides being operatic actors
of fame.

Joan Ruth, soprano of the Metro
politan Opera Company, who will sing
tonight in the Assembly hall, with Ed
ward Johnson, also of the Metropoli
tan. Both artists are noted for their
clever interpretation and pure vocal
quality, besides being operatic actors
of fame.

Joan Ruth, soprano of the Metro
politan Opera Company, who will sing
tonight in the Assembly hall, with Ed
ward Johnson, also of the Metropoli
tan. Both artists are noted for their
clever interpretation and pure vocal
quality, besides being operatic actors
of fame.

Joan Ruth, soprano of the Metro
politan Opera Company, who will sing
tonight in the Assembly hall, with Ed
ward Johnson, also of the Metropoli
tan. Both artists are noted for their
clever interpretation and pure vocal
quality, besides being operatic actors
of fame.

Joan Ruth, soprano of the Metro
politan Opera Company, who will sing
tonight in the Assembly hall, with Ed
ward Johnson, also of the Metropoli
tan. Both artists are noted for their
clever interpretation and pure vocal
quality, besides being operatic actors
of fame.

Joan Ruth, soprano of the Metro
politan Opera Company, who will sing
tonight in the Assembly hall, with Ed
ward Johnson, also of the Metropoli
tan. Both artists are noted for their
clever interpretation and pure vocal
quality, besides being operatic actors
of fame.

Joan Ruth, soprano of the Metro
politan Opera Company, who will sing
tonight in the Assembly hall, with Ed
ward Johnson, also of the Metropoli
tan. Both artists are noted for their
clever interpretation and pure vocal
quality, besides being operatic actors
of fame.

Joan Ruth, soprano of the Metro
politan Opera Company, who will sing
tonight in the Assembly hall, with Ed
ward Johnson, also of the Metropoli
tan. Both artists are noted for their
clever interpretation and pure vocal
quality, besides being operatic actors
of fame.

Joan Ruth, soprano of the Metro
politan Opera Company, who will sing
tonight in the Assembly hall, with Ed
ward Johnson, also of the Metropoli
tan. Both artists are noted for their
clever interpretation and pure vocal
quality, besides being operatic actors
of fame.

Joan Ruth, soprano of the Metro
politan Opera Company, who will sing
tonight in the Assembly hall, with Ed
ward Johnson, also of the Metropoli
tan. Both artists are noted for their
clever interpretation and pure vocal
quality, besides being operatic actors
of fame.
