# COACH APPOINTED
## 
### 
R. L. Mathews, director of athletics
and head football coach of the Univer
sity of Idaho, has resigned to become
director of athletics and head football
coach at the University of St. Louis
next fall.
R. L. Mathews, director of athletics
and head football coach of the Univer
sity of Idaho, has resigned to become
director of athletics and head football
coach at the University of St. Louis
next fall.
R. L. Mathews, director of athletics
and head football coach of the Univer
sity of Idaho, has resigned to become
director of athletics and head football
coach at the University of St. Louis
next fall.
R. L. Mathews, director of athletics
and head football coach of the Univer
sity of Idaho, has resigned to become
director of athletics and head football
coach at the University of St. Louis
next fall.
R. L. Mathews, director of athletics
and head football coach of the Univer
sity of Idaho, has resigned to become
director of athletics and head football
coach at the University of St. Louis
next fall.
R. L. Mathews, director of athletics
and head football coach of the Univer
sity of Idaho, has resigned to become
director of athletics and head football
coach at the University of St. Louis
next fall.
R. L. Mathews, director of athletics
and head football coach of the Univer
sity of Idaho, has resigned to become
director of athletics and head football
coach at the University of St. Louis
next fall.
R. L. Mathews, director of athletics
and head football coach of the Univer
sity of Idaho, has resigned to become
director of athletics and head football
coach at the University of St. Louis
next fall.
R. L. Mathews, director of athletics
and head football coach of the Univer
sity of Idaho, has resigned to become
director of athletics and head football
coach at the University of St. Louis
next fall.
R. L. Mathews, director of athletics
and head football coach of the Univer
sity of Idaho, has resigned to become
director of athletics and head football
coach at the University of St. Louis
next fall.
R. L. Mathews, director of athletics
and head football coach of the Univer
sity of Idaho, has resigned to become
director of athletics and head football
coach at the University of St. Louis
next fall.
R. L. Mathews, director of athletics
and head football coach of the Univer
sity of Idaho, has resigned to become
director of athletics and head football
coach at the University of St. Louis
next fall.
R. L. Mathews, director of athletics
and head football coach of the Univer
sity of Idaho, has resigned to become
director of athletics and head football
coach at the University of St. Louis
next fall.
R. L. Mathews, director of athletics
and head football coach of the Univer
sity of Idaho, has resigned to become
director of athletics and head football
coach at the University of St. Louis
next fall.
