# Guilds Accuse Michigan Students of Bootlegging
## 
### 
Accusation that many University of
Michigan students are "bootlegging"
their way through the university was
made by the Student Guilds of six Ann
Arbor churches. They stated that li
quor may be purchased in five places
within a stone's throw of the engineer
ing arch. It was also claimed that less
than five per cent of the university
women drink, although many who did
not drink "dated" with men who did.
Accusation that many University of
Michigan students are "bootlegging"
their way through the university was
made by the Student Guilds of six Ann
Arbor churches. They stated that li
quor may be purchased in five places
within a stone's throw of the engineer
ing arch. It was also claimed that less
than five per cent of the university
women drink, although many who did
not drink "dated" with men who did.
Accusation that many University of
Michigan students are "bootlegging"
their way through the university was
made by the Student Guilds of six Ann
Arbor churches. They stated that li
quor may be purchased in five places
within a stone's throw of the engineer
ing arch. It was also claimed that less
than five per cent of the university
women drink, although many who did
not drink "dated" with men who did.
Accusation that many University of
Michigan students are "bootlegging"
their way through the university was
made by the Student Guilds of six Ann
Arbor churches. They stated that li
quor may be purchased in five places
within a stone's throw of the engineer
ing arch. It was also claimed that less
than five per cent of the university
women drink, although many who did
not drink "dated" with men who did.
Accusation that many University of
Michigan students are "bootlegging"
their way through the university was
made by the Student Guilds of six Ann
Arbor churches. They stated that li
quor may be purchased in five places
within a stone's throw of the engineer
ing arch. It was also claimed that less
than five per cent of the university
women drink, although many who did
not drink "dated" with men who did.
Accusation that many University of
Michigan students are "bootlegging"
their way through the university was
made by the Student Guilds of six Ann
Arbor churches. They stated that li
quor may be purchased in five places
within a stone's throw of the engineer
ing arch. It was also claimed that less
than five per cent of the university
women drink, although many who did
not drink "dated" with men who did.
Accusation that many University of
Michigan students are "bootlegging"
their way through the university was
made by the Student Guilds of six Ann
Arbor churches. They stated that li
quor may be purchased in five places
within a stone's throw of the engineer
ing arch. It was also claimed that less
than five per cent of the university
women drink, although many who did
not drink "dated" with men who did.
Accusation that many University of
Michigan students are "bootlegging"
their way through the university was
made by the Student Guilds of six Ann
Arbor churches. They stated that li
quor may be purchased in five places
within a stone's throw of the engineer
ing arch. It was also claimed that less
than five per cent of the university
women drink, although many who did
not drink "dated" with men who did.
Accusation that many University of
Michigan students are "bootlegging"
their way through the university was
made by the Student Guilds of six Ann
Arbor churches. They stated that li
quor may be purchased in five places
within a stone's throw of the engineer
ing arch. It was also claimed that less
than five per cent of the university
women drink, although many who did
not drink "dated" with men who did.
Accusation that many University of
Michigan students are "bootlegging"
their way through the university was
made by the Student Guilds of six Ann
Arbor churches. They stated that li
quor may be purchased in five places
within a stone's throw of the engineer
ing arch. It was also claimed that less
than five per cent of the university
women drink, although many who did
not drink "dated" with men who did.
Accusation that many University of
Michigan students are "bootlegging"
their way through the university was
made by the Student Guilds of six Ann
Arbor churches. They stated that li
quor may be purchased in five places
within a stone's throw of the engineer
ing arch. It was also claimed that less
than five per cent of the university
women drink, although many who did
not drink "dated" with men who did.
Accusation that many University of
Michigan students are "bootlegging"
their way through the university was
made by the Student Guilds of six Ann
Arbor churches. They stated that li
quor may be purchased in five places
within a stone's throw of the engineer
ing arch. It was also claimed that less
than five per cent of the university
women drink, although many who did
not drink "dated" with men who did.
Accusation that many University of
Michigan students are "bootlegging"
their way through the university was
made by the Student Guilds of six Ann
Arbor churches. They stated that li
quor may be purchased in five places
within a stone's throw of the engineer
ing arch. It was also claimed that less
than five per cent of the university
women drink, although many who did
not drink "dated" with men who did.
Accusation that many University of
Michigan students are "bootlegging"
their way through the university was
made by the Student Guilds of six Ann
Arbor churches. They stated that li
quor may be purchased in five places
within a stone's throw of the engineer
ing arch. It was also claimed that less
than five per cent of the university
women drink, although many who did
not drink "dated" with men who did.
