# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Buacchi's Livery Stable. â€”Fine
Victorias and Hacks. Prices rea
sonable. Telephone Main 43, May
field.
Bouquets for the Sophomore Co
tilion. will he furnished by F. Peri
cano & Co., the San Francisco
florists. Orders can he left in writ
ing at this ollice or at room 71,
Encina Hall.
A young man now attending the
University of Michigan at our ex
pense says:"The work done dur
ing holiday week entitles me to the
balance of my course here, at your
expense. 1 cannot adequately ex
press my appreciation of this op
portunity, through which I have
secured an education which other
wise would not have been possible."
Address Pacific Coast office, Curtis
Publishing Company, 59 Colum
bian building, San Francisco.
