# VICTOR IN BOSTON MARATHON
## 
### 

Dave Komoneri, flying Finn from Sudbury, Ont., outran a brilliant
field to win the annual Boston Athletic association marathon. His time
for the 26-mile course was 2 hours and 32 minutes. He Is shown receiv
ing the victor's crown from George Demeter, state representative.
(Associated Press Photo)

Dave Komoneri, flying Finn from Sudbury, Ont., outran a brilliant
field to win the annual Boston Athletic association marathon. His time
for the 26-mile course was 2 hours and 32 minutes. He Is shown receiv
ing the victor's crown from George Demeter, state representative.
(Associated Press Photo)

Dave Komoneri, flying Finn from Sudbury, Ont., outran a brilliant
field to win the annual Boston Athletic association marathon. His time
for the 26-mile course was 2 hours and 32 minutes. He Is shown receiv
ing the victor's crown from George Demeter, state representative.
(Associated Press Photo)

Dave Komoneri, flying Finn from Sudbury, Ont., outran a brilliant
field to win the annual Boston Athletic association marathon. His time
for the 26-mile course was 2 hours and 32 minutes. He Is shown receiv
ing the victor's crown from George Demeter, state representative.
(Associated Press Photo)

Dave Komoneri, flying Finn from Sudbury, Ont., outran a brilliant
field to win the annual Boston Athletic association marathon. His time
for the 26-mile course was 2 hours and 32 minutes. He Is shown receiv
ing the victor's crown from George Demeter, state representative.
(Associated Press Photo)

Dave Komoneri, flying Finn from Sudbury, Ont., outran a brilliant
field to win the annual Boston Athletic association marathon. His time
for the 26-mile course was 2 hours and 32 minutes. He Is shown receiv
ing the victor's crown from George Demeter, state representative.
(Associated Press Photo)

Dave Komoneri, flying Finn from Sudbury, Ont., outran a brilliant
field to win the annual Boston Athletic association marathon. His time
for the 26-mile course was 2 hours and 32 minutes. He Is shown receiv
ing the victor's crown from George Demeter, state representative.
(Associated Press Photo)

Dave Komoneri, flying Finn from Sudbury, Ont., outran a brilliant
field to win the annual Boston Athletic association marathon. His time
for the 26-mile course was 2 hours and 32 minutes. He Is shown receiv
ing the victor's crown from George Demeter, state representative.
(Associated Press Photo)

Dave Komoneri, flying Finn from Sudbury, Ont., outran a brilliant
field to win the annual Boston Athletic association marathon. His time
for the 26-mile course was 2 hours and 32 minutes. He Is shown receiv
ing the victor's crown from George Demeter, state representative.
(Associated Press Photo)

Dave Komoneri, flying Finn from Sudbury, Ont., outran a brilliant
field to win the annual Boston Athletic association marathon. His time
for the 26-mile course was 2 hours and 32 minutes. He Is shown receiv
ing the victor's crown from George Demeter, state representative.
(Associated Press Photo)

Dave Komoneri, flying Finn from Sudbury, Ont., outran a brilliant
field to win the annual Boston Athletic association marathon. His time
for the 26-mile course was 2 hours and 32 minutes. He Is shown receiv
ing the victor's crown from George Demeter, state representative.
(Associated Press Photo)

Dave Komoneri, flying Finn from Sudbury, Ont., outran a brilliant
field to win the annual Boston Athletic association marathon. His time
for the 26-mile course was 2 hours and 32 minutes. He Is shown receiv
ing the victor's crown from George Demeter, state representative.
(Associated Press Photo)

Dave Komoneri, flying Finn from Sudbury, Ont., outran a brilliant
field to win the annual Boston Athletic association marathon. His time
for the 26-mile course was 2 hours and 32 minutes. He Is shown receiv
ing the victor's crown from George Demeter, state representative.
(Associated Press Photo)

Dave Komoneri, flying Finn from Sudbury, Ont., outran a brilliant
field to win the annual Boston Athletic association marathon. His time
for the 26-mile course was 2 hours and 32 minutes. He Is shown receiv
ing the victor's crown from George Demeter, state representative.
(Associated Press Photo)

Dave Komoneri, flying Finn from Sudbury, Ont., outran a brilliant
field to win the annual Boston Athletic association marathon. His time
for the 26-mile course was 2 hours and 32 minutes. He Is shown receiv
ing the victor's crown from George Demeter, state representative.
(Associated Press Photo)
