# EDUCATOR'S WORK COMES OFF PRESS
## 
### 
Just released by the Stanford Uni
versity Press is "The Adjustment
Inventory," by Hugh M. Bell, dean of
the lower division at Chico State
Teachers' College, now on a leave of
absence while working for a Ph.D.
degree at Stanford.
The book is intended as a new
diagnostic tool, simple and economi
cal, to aid the counselor and guid
ance worker in discovering the
sources of personal and social mal
adjustment in students. The Inven
tory, which has been in preparation
for three and one-half years, has
been used with marked success in
guidance work with high school and
college students during the past two
years.
It has been designed primarily as
a clinical tool rather than as a re
search instrument. Highly reliable
measures of home, health, and so
cial, and emotional adjustments are
provided.
