# Jewett Inquest Date Postponed; Proescher Away
## 
### 
Possibility that the inquest into
the death of Peter Jewett, who
was found dead in an automobile
Thursday morning near Lagunita,
would not be held until Friday
was announced by Deputy Coro
ner Geox-ge W. Tinney.
Previously set for 10 o'clock
this morning, the inquest daie
was changed until the latter part
of the week so that Dr. Frederick
Proescher, Santa Clara County
pathologist, who performed the
autopsy on Jewett, might be pres
ent. Dr. Proescher left for Los
Angeles Friday and has not yet
returned.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, who
reviewed facts of the case follow
ing his return from the East Mon
day, announced yesterday after
noon that there would be no
statement of the administration's
attitude toward the case until
after the inquest is held.
Possibility that the inquest into
the death of Peter Jewett, who
was found dead in an automobile
Thursday morning near Lagunita,
would not be held until Friday
was announced by Deputy Coro
ner Geox-ge W. Tinney.
Previously set for 10 o'clock
this morning, the inquest daie
was changed until the latter part
of the week so that Dr. Frederick
Proescher, Santa Clara County
pathologist, who performed the
autopsy on Jewett, might be pres
ent. Dr. Proescher left for Los
Angeles Friday and has not yet
returned.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, who
reviewed facts of the case follow
ing his return from the East Mon
day, announced yesterday after
noon that there would be no
statement of the administration's
attitude toward the case until
after the inquest is held.
Possibility that the inquest into
the death of Peter Jewett, who
was found dead in an automobile
Thursday morning near Lagunita,
would not be held until Friday
was announced by Deputy Coro
ner Geox-ge W. Tinney.
Previously set for 10 o'clock
this morning, the inquest daie
was changed until the latter part
of the week so that Dr. Frederick
Proescher, Santa Clara County
pathologist, who performed the
autopsy on Jewett, might be pres
ent. Dr. Proescher left for Los
Angeles Friday and has not yet
returned.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, who
reviewed facts of the case follow
ing his return from the East Mon
day, announced yesterday after
noon that there would be no
statement of the administration's
attitude toward the case until
after the inquest is held.
Possibility that the inquest into
the death of Peter Jewett, who
was found dead in an automobile
Thursday morning near Lagunita,
would not be held until Friday
was announced by Deputy Coro
ner Geox-ge W. Tinney.
Previously set for 10 o'clock
this morning, the inquest daie
was changed until the latter part
of the week so that Dr. Frederick
Proescher, Santa Clara County
pathologist, who performed the
autopsy on Jewett, might be pres
ent. Dr. Proescher left for Los
Angeles Friday and has not yet
returned.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, who
reviewed facts of the case follow
ing his return from the East Mon
day, announced yesterday after
noon that there would be no
statement of the administration's
attitude toward the case until
after the inquest is held.
Possibility that the inquest into
the death of Peter Jewett, who
was found dead in an automobile
Thursday morning near Lagunita,
would not be held until Friday
was announced by Deputy Coro
ner Geox-ge W. Tinney.
Previously set for 10 o'clock
this morning, the inquest daie
was changed until the latter part
of the week so that Dr. Frederick
Proescher, Santa Clara County
pathologist, who performed the
autopsy on Jewett, might be pres
ent. Dr. Proescher left for Los
Angeles Friday and has not yet
returned.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, who
reviewed facts of the case follow
ing his return from the East Mon
day, announced yesterday after
noon that there would be no
statement of the administration's
attitude toward the case until
after the inquest is held.
Possibility that the inquest into
the death of Peter Jewett, who
was found dead in an automobile
Thursday morning near Lagunita,
would not be held until Friday
was announced by Deputy Coro
ner Geox-ge W. Tinney.
Previously set for 10 o'clock
this morning, the inquest daie
was changed until the latter part
of the week so that Dr. Frederick
Proescher, Santa Clara County
pathologist, who performed the
autopsy on Jewett, might be pres
ent. Dr. Proescher left for Los
Angeles Friday and has not yet
returned.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, who
reviewed facts of the case follow
ing his return from the East Mon
day, announced yesterday after
noon that there would be no
statement of the administration's
attitude toward the case until
after the inquest is held.
Possibility that the inquest into
the death of Peter Jewett, who
was found dead in an automobile
Thursday morning near Lagunita,
would not be held until Friday
was announced by Deputy Coro
ner Geox-ge W. Tinney.
Previously set for 10 o'clock
this morning, the inquest daie
was changed until the latter part
of the week so that Dr. Frederick
Proescher, Santa Clara County
pathologist, who performed the
autopsy on Jewett, might be pres
ent. Dr. Proescher left for Los
Angeles Friday and has not yet
returned.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, who
reviewed facts of the case follow
ing his return from the East Mon
day, announced yesterday after
noon that there would be no
statement of the administration's
attitude toward the case until
after the inquest is held.
Possibility that the inquest into
the death of Peter Jewett, who
was found dead in an automobile
Thursday morning near Lagunita,
would not be held until Friday
was announced by Deputy Coro
ner Geox-ge W. Tinney.
Previously set for 10 o'clock
this morning, the inquest daie
was changed until the latter part
of the week so that Dr. Frederick
Proescher, Santa Clara County
pathologist, who performed the
autopsy on Jewett, might be pres
ent. Dr. Proescher left for Los
Angeles Friday and has not yet
returned.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, who
reviewed facts of the case follow
ing his return from the East Mon
day, announced yesterday after
noon that there would be no
statement of the administration's
attitude toward the case until
after the inquest is held.
Possibility that the inquest into
the death of Peter Jewett, who
was found dead in an automobile
Thursday morning near Lagunita,
would not be held until Friday
was announced by Deputy Coro
ner Geox-ge W. Tinney.
Previously set for 10 o'clock
this morning, the inquest daie
was changed until the latter part
of the week so that Dr. Frederick
Proescher, Santa Clara County
pathologist, who performed the
autopsy on Jewett, might be pres
ent. Dr. Proescher left for Los
Angeles Friday and has not yet
returned.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, who
reviewed facts of the case follow
ing his return from the East Mon
day, announced yesterday after
noon that there would be no
statement of the administration's
attitude toward the case until
after the inquest is held.
Possibility that the inquest into
the death of Peter Jewett, who
was found dead in an automobile
Thursday morning near Lagunita,
would not be held until Friday
was announced by Deputy Coro
ner Geox-ge W. Tinney.
Previously set for 10 o'clock
this morning, the inquest daie
was changed until the latter part
of the week so that Dr. Frederick
Proescher, Santa Clara County
pathologist, who performed the
autopsy on Jewett, might be pres
ent. Dr. Proescher left for Los
Angeles Friday and has not yet
returned.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, who
reviewed facts of the case follow
ing his return from the East Mon
day, announced yesterday after
noon that there would be no
statement of the administration's
attitude toward the case until
after the inquest is held.
Possibility that the inquest into
the death of Peter Jewett, who
was found dead in an automobile
Thursday morning near Lagunita,
would not be held until Friday
was announced by Deputy Coro
ner Geox-ge W. Tinney.
Previously set for 10 o'clock
this morning, the inquest daie
was changed until the latter part
of the week so that Dr. Frederick
Proescher, Santa Clara County
pathologist, who performed the
autopsy on Jewett, might be pres
ent. Dr. Proescher left for Los
Angeles Friday and has not yet
returned.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, who
reviewed facts of the case follow
ing his return from the East Mon
day, announced yesterday after
noon that there would be no
statement of the administration's
attitude toward the case until
after the inquest is held.
Possibility that the inquest into
the death of Peter Jewett, who
was found dead in an automobile
Thursday morning near Lagunita,
would not be held until Friday
was announced by Deputy Coro
ner Geox-ge W. Tinney.
Previously set for 10 o'clock
this morning, the inquest daie
was changed until the latter part
of the week so that Dr. Frederick
Proescher, Santa Clara County
pathologist, who performed the
autopsy on Jewett, might be pres
ent. Dr. Proescher left for Los
Angeles Friday and has not yet
returned.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, who
reviewed facts of the case follow
ing his return from the East Mon
day, announced yesterday after
noon that there would be no
statement of the administration's
attitude toward the case until
after the inquest is held.
Possibility that the inquest into
the death of Peter Jewett, who
was found dead in an automobile
Thursday morning near Lagunita,
would not be held until Friday
was announced by Deputy Coro
ner Geox-ge W. Tinney.
Previously set for 10 o'clock
this morning, the inquest daie
was changed until the latter part
of the week so that Dr. Frederick
Proescher, Santa Clara County
pathologist, who performed the
autopsy on Jewett, might be pres
ent. Dr. Proescher left for Los
Angeles Friday and has not yet
returned.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, who
reviewed facts of the case follow
ing his return from the East Mon
day, announced yesterday after
noon that there would be no
statement of the administration's
attitude toward the case until
after the inquest is held.
Possibility that the inquest into
the death of Peter Jewett, who
was found dead in an automobile
Thursday morning near Lagunita,
would not be held until Friday
was announced by Deputy Coro
ner Geox-ge W. Tinney.
Previously set for 10 o'clock
this morning, the inquest daie
was changed until the latter part
of the week so that Dr. Frederick
Proescher, Santa Clara County
pathologist, who performed the
autopsy on Jewett, might be pres
ent. Dr. Proescher left for Los
Angeles Friday and has not yet
returned.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, who
reviewed facts of the case follow
ing his return from the East Mon
day, announced yesterday after
noon that there would be no
statement of the administration's
attitude toward the case until
after the inquest is held.
Possibility that the inquest into
the death of Peter Jewett, who
was found dead in an automobile
Thursday morning near Lagunita,
would not be held until Friday
was announced by Deputy Coro
ner Geox-ge W. Tinney.
Previously set for 10 o'clock
this morning, the inquest daie
was changed until the latter part
of the week so that Dr. Frederick
Proescher, Santa Clara County
pathologist, who performed the
autopsy on Jewett, might be pres
ent. Dr. Proescher left for Los
Angeles Friday and has not yet
returned.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, who
reviewed facts of the case follow
ing his return from the East Mon
day, announced yesterday after
noon that there would be no
statement of the administration's
attitude toward the case until
after the inquest is held.
