# CLEVELAND GAS STATION EMPLOYEE STRIKE
## 
### 

This photo shows how striking gas station employee s in Cleveland gathered around stations which attempted
to open for business. Many motorists' gasoline tanks ran dry as only a few independent stations were able to
sell gas, and many places had a limited supply. A fiu ce was finally reached. (Associated Press Photo)

This photo shows how striking gas station employee s in Cleveland gathered around stations which attempted
to open for business. Many motorists' gasoline tanks ran dry as only a few independent stations were able to
sell gas, and many places had a limited supply. A fiu ce was finally reached. (Associated Press Photo)

This photo shows how striking gas station employee s in Cleveland gathered around stations which attempted
to open for business. Many motorists' gasoline tanks ran dry as only a few independent stations were able to
sell gas, and many places had a limited supply. A fiu ce was finally reached. (Associated Press Photo)

This photo shows how striking gas station employee s in Cleveland gathered around stations which attempted
to open for business. Many motorists' gasoline tanks ran dry as only a few independent stations were able to
sell gas, and many places had a limited supply. A fiu ce was finally reached. (Associated Press Photo)

This photo shows how striking gas station employee s in Cleveland gathered around stations which attempted
to open for business. Many motorists' gasoline tanks ran dry as only a few independent stations were able to
sell gas, and many places had a limited supply. A fiu ce was finally reached. (Associated Press Photo)

This photo shows how striking gas station employee s in Cleveland gathered around stations which attempted
to open for business. Many motorists' gasoline tanks ran dry as only a few independent stations were able to
sell gas, and many places had a limited supply. A fiu ce was finally reached. (Associated Press Photo)

This photo shows how striking gas station employee s in Cleveland gathered around stations which attempted
to open for business. Many motorists' gasoline tanks ran dry as only a few independent stations were able to
sell gas, and many places had a limited supply. A fiu ce was finally reached. (Associated Press Photo)

This photo shows how striking gas station employee s in Cleveland gathered around stations which attempted
to open for business. Many motorists' gasoline tanks ran dry as only a few independent stations were able to
sell gas, and many places had a limited supply. A fiu ce was finally reached. (Associated Press Photo)

This photo shows how striking gas station employee s in Cleveland gathered around stations which attempted
to open for business. Many motorists' gasoline tanks ran dry as only a few independent stations were able to
sell gas, and many places had a limited supply. A fiu ce was finally reached. (Associated Press Photo)

This photo shows how striking gas station employee s in Cleveland gathered around stations which attempted
to open for business. Many motorists' gasoline tanks ran dry as only a few independent stations were able to
sell gas, and many places had a limited supply. A fiu ce was finally reached. (Associated Press Photo)

This photo shows how striking gas station employee s in Cleveland gathered around stations which attempted
to open for business. Many motorists' gasoline tanks ran dry as only a few independent stations were able to
sell gas, and many places had a limited supply. A fiu ce was finally reached. (Associated Press Photo)

This photo shows how striking gas station employee s in Cleveland gathered around stations which attempted
to open for business. Many motorists' gasoline tanks ran dry as only a few independent stations were able to
sell gas, and many places had a limited supply. A fiu ce was finally reached. (Associated Press Photo)

This photo shows how striking gas station employee s in Cleveland gathered around stations which attempted
to open for business. Many motorists' gasoline tanks ran dry as only a few independent stations were able to
sell gas, and many places had a limited supply. A fiu ce was finally reached. (Associated Press Photo)

This photo shows how striking gas station employee s in Cleveland gathered around stations which attempted
to open for business. Many motorists' gasoline tanks ran dry as only a few independent stations were able to
sell gas, and many places had a limited supply. A fiu ce was finally reached. (Associated Press Photo)

This photo shows how striking gas station employee s in Cleveland gathered around stations which attempted
to open for business. Many motorists' gasoline tanks ran dry as only a few independent stations were able to
sell gas, and many places had a limited supply. A fiu ce was finally reached. (Associated Press Photo)
