# Adv. 59 Page 11
## 
### 
PENNEYIS
Al, WAY 5 FIRST QUAL I U !
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
WELCOME FRESHMEN
£
NATION-WIDE®
COTTON
MUSLINS!
All Perfects! Lab-Tested!
3 generations-famous for
quality, savings!
full 81" X 108"
full Sanforized® fitted
cases 42 x 36 2 for
1.98
98c
twin 77" x 1 08
or twin
Sanforized
fitted
1.79
PENNEYIS
Al, WAY 5 FIRST QUAL I U !
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
WELCOME FRESHMEN
£
NATION-WIDE®
COTTON
MUSLINS!
All Perfects! Lab-Tested!
3 generations-famous for
quality, savings!
full 81" X 108"
full Sanforized® fitted
cases 42 x 36 2 for
1.98
98c
twin 77" x 1 08
or twin
Sanforized
fitted
1.79
PENNEYIS
Al, WAY 5 FIRST QUAL I U !
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
WELCOME FRESHMEN
£
NATION-WIDE®
COTTON
MUSLINS!
All Perfects! Lab-Tested!
3 generations-famous for
quality, savings!
full 81" X 108"
full Sanforized® fitted
cases 42 x 36 2 for
1.98
98c
twin 77" x 1 08
or twin
Sanforized
fitted
1.79
PENNEYIS
Al, WAY 5 FIRST QUAL I U !
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
WELCOME FRESHMEN
£
NATION-WIDE®
COTTON
MUSLINS!
All Perfects! Lab-Tested!
3 generations-famous for
quality, savings!
full 81" X 108"
full Sanforized® fitted
cases 42 x 36 2 for
1.98
98c
twin 77" x 1 08
or twin
Sanforized
fitted
1.79
PENNEYIS
Al, WAY 5 FIRST QUAL I U !
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
WELCOME FRESHMEN
£
NATION-WIDE®
COTTON
MUSLINS!
All Perfects! Lab-Tested!
3 generations-famous for
quality, savings!
full 81" X 108"
full Sanforized® fitted
cases 42 x 36 2 for
1.98
98c
twin 77" x 1 08
or twin
Sanforized
fitted
1.79
PENNEYIS
Al, WAY 5 FIRST QUAL I U !
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
WELCOME FRESHMEN
£
NATION-WIDE®
COTTON
MUSLINS!
All Perfects! Lab-Tested!
3 generations-famous for
quality, savings!
full 81" X 108"
full Sanforized® fitted
cases 42 x 36 2 for
1.98
98c
twin 77" x 1 08
or twin
Sanforized
fitted
1.79
PENNEYIS
Al, WAY 5 FIRST QUAL I U !
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
WELCOME FRESHMEN
£
NATION-WIDE®
COTTON
MUSLINS!
All Perfects! Lab-Tested!
3 generations-famous for
quality, savings!
full 81" X 108"
full Sanforized® fitted
cases 42 x 36 2 for
1.98
98c
twin 77" x 1 08
or twin
Sanforized
fitted
1.79
PENNEYIS
Al, WAY 5 FIRST QUAL I U !
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
WELCOME FRESHMEN
£
NATION-WIDE®
COTTON
MUSLINS!
All Perfects! Lab-Tested!
3 generations-famous for
quality, savings!
full 81" X 108"
full Sanforized® fitted
cases 42 x 36 2 for
1.98
98c
twin 77" x 1 08
or twin
Sanforized
fitted
1.79
PENNEYIS
Al, WAY 5 FIRST QUAL I U !
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
WELCOME FRESHMEN
£
NATION-WIDE®
COTTON
MUSLINS!
All Perfects! Lab-Tested!
3 generations-famous for
quality, savings!
full 81" X 108"
full Sanforized® fitted
cases 42 x 36 2 for
1.98
98c
twin 77" x 1 08
or twin
Sanforized
fitted
1.79
PENNEYIS
Al, WAY 5 FIRST QUAL I U !
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
WELCOME FRESHMEN
£
NATION-WIDE®
COTTON
MUSLINS!
All Perfects! Lab-Tested!
3 generations-famous for
quality, savings!
full 81" X 108"
full Sanforized® fitted
cases 42 x 36 2 for
1.98
98c
twin 77" x 1 08
or twin
Sanforized
fitted
1.79
PENNEYIS
Al, WAY 5 FIRST QUAL I U !
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
WELCOME FRESHMEN
£
NATION-WIDE®
COTTON
MUSLINS!
All Perfects! Lab-Tested!
3 generations-famous for
quality, savings!
full 81" X 108"
full Sanforized® fitted
cases 42 x 36 2 for
1.98
98c
twin 77" x 1 08
or twin
Sanforized
fitted
1.79
PENNEYIS
Al, WAY 5 FIRST QUAL I U !
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
WELCOME FRESHMEN
£
NATION-WIDE®
COTTON
MUSLINS!
All Perfects! Lab-Tested!
3 generations-famous for
quality, savings!
full 81" X 108"
full Sanforized® fitted
cases 42 x 36 2 for
1.98
98c
twin 77" x 1 08
or twin
Sanforized
fitted
1.79
PENNEYIS
Al, WAY 5 FIRST QUAL I U !
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
WELCOME FRESHMEN
£
NATION-WIDE®
COTTON
MUSLINS!
All Perfects! Lab-Tested!
3 generations-famous for
quality, savings!
full 81" X 108"
full Sanforized® fitted
cases 42 x 36 2 for
1.98
98c
twin 77" x 1 08
or twin
Sanforized
fitted
1.79
PENNEYIS
Al, WAY 5 FIRST QUAL I U !
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
WELCOME FRESHMEN
£
NATION-WIDE®
COTTON
MUSLINS!
All Perfects! Lab-Tested!
3 generations-famous for
quality, savings!
full 81" X 108"
full Sanforized® fitted
cases 42 x 36 2 for
1.98
98c
twin 77" x 1 08
or twin
Sanforized
fitted
1.79
PENNEYIS
Al, WAY 5 FIRST QUAL I U !
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
WELCOME FRESHMEN
£
NATION-WIDE®
COTTON
MUSLINS!
All Perfects! Lab-Tested!
3 generations-famous for
quality, savings!
full 81" X 108"
full Sanforized® fitted
cases 42 x 36 2 for
1.98
98c
twin 77" x 1 08
or twin
Sanforized
fitted
1.79
PENNEYIS
Al, WAY 5 FIRST QUAL I U !
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
WELCOME FRESHMEN
£
NATION-WIDE®
COTTON
MUSLINS!
All Perfects! Lab-Tested!
3 generations-famous for
quality, savings!
full 81" X 108"
full Sanforized® fitted
cases 42 x 36 2 for
1.98
98c
twin 77" x 1 08
or twin
Sanforized
fitted
1.79
