# Adv. 48 Page 9
## 
### 
Freshmen interested in
ing on the 1963 “Quad” a
vited to an open house i
Quad Shack this Sunday
p.m.
work
re in
-11 the
at 3
Freshmen interested in
ing on the 1963 “Quad” a
vited to an open house i
Quad Shack this Sunday
p.m.
work
re in
-11 the
at 3
Freshmen interested in
ing on the 1963 “Quad” a
vited to an open house i
Quad Shack this Sunday
p.m.
work
re in
-11 the
at 3
Freshmen interested in
ing on the 1963 “Quad” a
vited to an open house i
Quad Shack this Sunday
p.m.
work
re in
-11 the
at 3
Freshmen interested in
ing on the 1963 “Quad” a
vited to an open house i
Quad Shack this Sunday
p.m.
work
re in
-11 the
at 3
Freshmen interested in
ing on the 1963 “Quad” a
vited to an open house i
Quad Shack this Sunday
p.m.
work
re in
-11 the
at 3
Freshmen interested in
ing on the 1963 “Quad” a
vited to an open house i
Quad Shack this Sunday
p.m.
work
re in
-11 the
at 3
Freshmen interested in
ing on the 1963 “Quad” a
vited to an open house i
Quad Shack this Sunday
p.m.
work
re in
-11 the
at 3
Freshmen interested in
ing on the 1963 “Quad” a
vited to an open house i
Quad Shack this Sunday
p.m.
work
re in
-11 the
at 3
Freshmen interested in
ing on the 1963 “Quad” a
vited to an open house i
Quad Shack this Sunday
p.m.
work
re in
-11 the
at 3
Freshmen interested in
ing on the 1963 “Quad” a
vited to an open house i
Quad Shack this Sunday
p.m.
work
re in
-11 the
at 3
Freshmen interested in
ing on the 1963 “Quad” a
vited to an open house i
Quad Shack this Sunday
p.m.
work
re in
-11 the
at 3
Freshmen interested in
ing on the 1963 “Quad” a
vited to an open house i
Quad Shack this Sunday
p.m.
work
re in
-11 the
at 3
Freshmen interested in
ing on the 1963 “Quad” a
vited to an open house i
Quad Shack this Sunday
p.m.
work
re in
-11 the
at 3
Freshmen interested in
ing on the 1963 “Quad” a
vited to an open house i
Quad Shack this Sunday
p.m.
work
re in
-11 the
at 3
Freshmen interested in
ing on the 1963 “Quad” a
vited to an open house i
Quad Shack this Sunday
p.m.
work
re in
-11 the
at 3
