# European History Chair Endowed
## 
### 
Marvin Kratter, who heads the
national real estate corporation
bearing his name, made a gift of
a quarter million dollars in stock
to establish a visiting European
professorship in history.
The Kratter Chair in European
History will deal with the period
since the beginnings of the Ren
aissance. Under terms of the gift,
it will be occupied by scholars
from a foreign country affiliated
with a foreign institution. The in
come from (he stock will be used
to maintain the professorship.
President Wallace Sterling ex
pressed the University’s gratitude
for “a splendid and imaginative
gift. The professorship which Mr.
Kratter has made possible is par
ticularly appropriate for Stan
ford," said Dr. Sterling. “The in
ternational program here is ex
panding rapidly. The Kratter
Chair in European History will
bring to the Stanford campus the
benefit of brilliant minds steeped
in the history of European
thought.”
The University maintains five
overseas campuses in Europe and
Asia and hosts 500 students from
72 foreign countries.
