# Marxist Slogan Called Obsolete
## 
### 
The rapid rise of international
business has made “a great cos
mic joke” of the old Marxist slo
gan, “Workers of the World,
Unite,” a veteran labor educator
said last week at the 20th Stan
ford Business Conference.
Prof. William Gomberg of the
Wharton School of Finance, Phila
delphia, said:
“Part of the mythology of the
Marxist movement provided for a
great international working class
whose interests transcended na
tional boundaries. On the other
hand, a profit-oriented employer
group was portrayed as national
imperialists socking to make war
on each other for international
markets or sources of raw ma
terials.
“Today, strangely enough, the
modern corporations . . . have
become internationally minded, i
Their investment decisions are
based upon physical and resource
considerations that transcend na
tional boundaries. It is rather
workers organizations that are
hard-pressed to keep up with this
new progressive spirit, as their
rank and file cling in many cases
to the familiar but uneconomic
job whether it is mining the
deepest pits in the world in Bel
gium or holding on to textile jobs
that can he performed more eco
nomically elsewhere.”
