# Scholarship Announced
## 
### 
Girton College, in Cambridge.
England, offers a scholarship this
year to women graduates of univer
sities in the United States. The suc
cessful candidate will be expected
to enter the college in October, 1946.
The scholarship is worth 80 Eng
lish pounds, and the successful can
didate will be nominated for the
grant of an additional scholarship
to cover miscellaneous fees and
maintenance for a year, as well as
the fares to and from the United
States.
The scholar will be expected to
work either as a research student
for the M.Litt., M.Sc., or Ph.D., or
as an affiliated student qualifying
for the Honours Dvgree of B.A.
Preference will be given to a can
didate qualified to work lor a re
starch degree.
Applications should be sent to the
Director of the Institute of Inter
national Education, 2 West, 45th
Street, New York 10, N.Y., to whom
also inquiries should be addressed.
The application should include the
candidate's date of birth, address,
tho university of graduation, and
the intended course of study or re
search.
A short list of selected candidates
will be drawn up by the Institute
and forwarded to the college. The
award will be announced early this
;,ummcr.
