# Peace Meet Delay Believed Probable
## 
### 
LONDON. April 2 (UP).-Diplo
matic.observers believed today that
Russia will insist upon postpone
ment of the Paris peace conference
now scheduled for May 1.
It is generally acknowledged in
London—though not officially ad
mitted—that foreign ministers' dep
uties have failed to" reach agree
ment on any major issue in connec
tion with peace treaty drafts.
Informed sources here are con
vinced that Russia would not be
willing to place incompelte drafts
before the 21 nations for considera
tion at the Paris conference.
LONDON. April 2 (UP).-Diplo
matic.observers believed today that
Russia will insist upon postpone
ment of the Paris peace conference
now scheduled for May 1.
It is generally acknowledged in
London—though not officially ad
mitted—that foreign ministers' dep
uties have failed to" reach agree
ment on any major issue in connec
tion with peace treaty drafts.
Informed sources here are con
vinced that Russia would not be
willing to place incompelte drafts
before the 21 nations for considera
tion at the Paris conference.
LONDON. April 2 (UP).-Diplo
matic.observers believed today that
Russia will insist upon postpone
ment of the Paris peace conference
now scheduled for May 1.
It is generally acknowledged in
London—though not officially ad
mitted—that foreign ministers' dep
uties have failed to" reach agree
ment on any major issue in connec
tion with peace treaty drafts.
Informed sources here are con
vinced that Russia would not be
willing to place incompelte drafts
before the 21 nations for considera
tion at the Paris conference.
LONDON. April 2 (UP).-Diplo
matic.observers believed today that
Russia will insist upon postpone
ment of the Paris peace conference
now scheduled for May 1.
It is generally acknowledged in
London—though not officially ad
mitted—that foreign ministers' dep
uties have failed to" reach agree
ment on any major issue in connec
tion with peace treaty drafts.
Informed sources here are con
vinced that Russia would not be
willing to place incompelte drafts
before the 21 nations for considera
tion at the Paris conference.
LONDON. April 2 (UP).-Diplo
matic.observers believed today that
Russia will insist upon postpone
ment of the Paris peace conference
now scheduled for May 1.
It is generally acknowledged in
London—though not officially ad
mitted—that foreign ministers' dep
uties have failed to" reach agree
ment on any major issue in connec
tion with peace treaty drafts.
Informed sources here are con
vinced that Russia would not be
willing to place incompelte drafts
before the 21 nations for considera
tion at the Paris conference.
LONDON. April 2 (UP).-Diplo
matic.observers believed today that
Russia will insist upon postpone
ment of the Paris peace conference
now scheduled for May 1.
It is generally acknowledged in
London—though not officially ad
mitted—that foreign ministers' dep
uties have failed to" reach agree
ment on any major issue in connec
tion with peace treaty drafts.
Informed sources here are con
vinced that Russia would not be
willing to place incompelte drafts
before the 21 nations for considera
tion at the Paris conference.
LONDON. April 2 (UP).-Diplo
matic.observers believed today that
Russia will insist upon postpone
ment of the Paris peace conference
now scheduled for May 1.
It is generally acknowledged in
London—though not officially ad
mitted—that foreign ministers' dep
uties have failed to" reach agree
ment on any major issue in connec
tion with peace treaty drafts.
Informed sources here are con
vinced that Russia would not be
willing to place incompelte drafts
before the 21 nations for considera
tion at the Paris conference.
LONDON. April 2 (UP).-Diplo
matic.observers believed today that
Russia will insist upon postpone
ment of the Paris peace conference
now scheduled for May 1.
It is generally acknowledged in
London—though not officially ad
mitted—that foreign ministers' dep
uties have failed to" reach agree
ment on any major issue in connec
tion with peace treaty drafts.
Informed sources here are con
vinced that Russia would not be
willing to place incompelte drafts
before the 21 nations for considera
tion at the Paris conference.
LONDON. April 2 (UP).-Diplo
matic.observers believed today that
Russia will insist upon postpone
ment of the Paris peace conference
now scheduled for May 1.
It is generally acknowledged in
London—though not officially ad
mitted—that foreign ministers' dep
uties have failed to" reach agree
ment on any major issue in connec
tion with peace treaty drafts.
Informed sources here are con
vinced that Russia would not be
willing to place incompelte drafts
before the 21 nations for considera
tion at the Paris conference.
LONDON. April 2 (UP).-Diplo
matic.observers believed today that
Russia will insist upon postpone
ment of the Paris peace conference
now scheduled for May 1.
It is generally acknowledged in
London—though not officially ad
mitted—that foreign ministers' dep
uties have failed to" reach agree
ment on any major issue in connec
tion with peace treaty drafts.
Informed sources here are con
vinced that Russia would not be
willing to place incompelte drafts
before the 21 nations for considera
tion at the Paris conference.
LONDON. April 2 (UP).-Diplo
matic.observers believed today that
Russia will insist upon postpone
ment of the Paris peace conference
now scheduled for May 1.
It is generally acknowledged in
London—though not officially ad
mitted—that foreign ministers' dep
uties have failed to" reach agree
ment on any major issue in connec
tion with peace treaty drafts.
Informed sources here are con
vinced that Russia would not be
willing to place incompelte drafts
before the 21 nations for considera
tion at the Paris conference.
LONDON. April 2 (UP).-Diplo
matic.observers believed today that
Russia will insist upon postpone
ment of the Paris peace conference
now scheduled for May 1.
It is generally acknowledged in
London—though not officially ad
mitted—that foreign ministers' dep
uties have failed to" reach agree
ment on any major issue in connec
tion with peace treaty drafts.
Informed sources here are con
vinced that Russia would not be
willing to place incompelte drafts
before the 21 nations for considera
tion at the Paris conference.
LONDON. April 2 (UP).-Diplo
matic.observers believed today that
Russia will insist upon postpone
ment of the Paris peace conference
now scheduled for May 1.
It is generally acknowledged in
London—though not officially ad
mitted—that foreign ministers' dep
uties have failed to" reach agree
ment on any major issue in connec
tion with peace treaty drafts.
Informed sources here are con
vinced that Russia would not be
willing to place incompelte drafts
before the 21 nations for considera
tion at the Paris conference.
LONDON. April 2 (UP).-Diplo
matic.observers believed today that
Russia will insist upon postpone
ment of the Paris peace conference
now scheduled for May 1.
It is generally acknowledged in
London—though not officially ad
mitted—that foreign ministers' dep
uties have failed to" reach agree
ment on any major issue in connec
tion with peace treaty drafts.
Informed sources here are con
vinced that Russia would not be
willing to place incompelte drafts
before the 21 nations for considera
tion at the Paris conference.
LONDON. April 2 (UP).-Diplo
matic.observers believed today that
Russia will insist upon postpone
ment of the Paris peace conference
now scheduled for May 1.
It is generally acknowledged in
London—though not officially ad
mitted—that foreign ministers' dep
uties have failed to" reach agree
ment on any major issue in connec
tion with peace treaty drafts.
Informed sources here are con
vinced that Russia would not be
willing to place incompelte drafts
before the 21 nations for considera
tion at the Paris conference.
