# Adv. 22 Page 4
## 
### 
HURRY! FINAL 2 DAYS
MR. GEORGE
! ARLISS
in
"THE LAST
GENTLEMAN"
with
EDNA MAY OLIVER
RALPH MORGAN
— also —
WALTER WINCHELL
in
"HOLLYWOOD CAD ABOUT"
FOX NEWS
I ENDS TONICHT
2 BIG FEATURES—2Sc & 30c
jOAN CRAWFORD
CLARK CABLE
"CHAINED"
ALSO
"THE DRAGON
MURDER CASE"
WARREN WILLIAM
MARGARET LINDSAY
TUESDAY TO FRIDAY
"KANSAS CITY
PRINCESS"
JOAN BLONDELL
GLENDA FARRELL
ROBERT ARMSTRONG
ALSO
"SERVANTS'
ENTRANCE"
JANET GAYNOR
LEW AYRES
BANK NIGHT TUESDAY
$150.00
HURRY! FINAL 2 DAYS
MR. GEORGE
! ARLISS
in
"THE LAST
GENTLEMAN"
with
EDNA MAY OLIVER
RALPH MORGAN
— also —
WALTER WINCHELL
in
"HOLLYWOOD CAD ABOUT"
FOX NEWS
I ENDS TONICHT
2 BIG FEATURES—2Sc & 30c
jOAN CRAWFORD
CLARK CABLE
"CHAINED"
ALSO
"THE DRAGON
MURDER CASE"
WARREN WILLIAM
MARGARET LINDSAY
TUESDAY TO FRIDAY
"KANSAS CITY
PRINCESS"
JOAN BLONDELL
GLENDA FARRELL
ROBERT ARMSTRONG
ALSO
"SERVANTS'
ENTRANCE"
JANET GAYNOR
LEW AYRES
BANK NIGHT TUESDAY
$150.00
HURRY! FINAL 2 DAYS
MR. GEORGE
! ARLISS
in
"THE LAST
GENTLEMAN"
with
EDNA MAY OLIVER
RALPH MORGAN
— also —
WALTER WINCHELL
in
"HOLLYWOOD CAD ABOUT"
FOX NEWS
I ENDS TONICHT
2 BIG FEATURES—2Sc & 30c
jOAN CRAWFORD
CLARK CABLE
"CHAINED"
ALSO
"THE DRAGON
MURDER CASE"
WARREN WILLIAM
MARGARET LINDSAY
TUESDAY TO FRIDAY
"KANSAS CITY
PRINCESS"
JOAN BLONDELL
GLENDA FARRELL
ROBERT ARMSTRONG
ALSO
"SERVANTS'
ENTRANCE"
JANET GAYNOR
LEW AYRES
BANK NIGHT TUESDAY
$150.00
HURRY! FINAL 2 DAYS
MR. GEORGE
! ARLISS
in
"THE LAST
GENTLEMAN"
with
EDNA MAY OLIVER
RALPH MORGAN
— also —
WALTER WINCHELL
in
"HOLLYWOOD CAD ABOUT"
FOX NEWS
I ENDS TONICHT
2 BIG FEATURES—2Sc & 30c
jOAN CRAWFORD
CLARK CABLE
"CHAINED"
ALSO
"THE DRAGON
MURDER CASE"
WARREN WILLIAM
MARGARET LINDSAY
TUESDAY TO FRIDAY
"KANSAS CITY
PRINCESS"
JOAN BLONDELL
GLENDA FARRELL
ROBERT ARMSTRONG
ALSO
"SERVANTS'
ENTRANCE"
JANET GAYNOR
LEW AYRES
BANK NIGHT TUESDAY
$150.00
HURRY! FINAL 2 DAYS
MR. GEORGE
! ARLISS
in
"THE LAST
GENTLEMAN"
with
EDNA MAY OLIVER
RALPH MORGAN
— also —
WALTER WINCHELL
in
"HOLLYWOOD CAD ABOUT"
FOX NEWS
I ENDS TONICHT
2 BIG FEATURES—2Sc & 30c
jOAN CRAWFORD
CLARK CABLE
"CHAINED"
ALSO
"THE DRAGON
MURDER CASE"
WARREN WILLIAM
MARGARET LINDSAY
TUESDAY TO FRIDAY
"KANSAS CITY
PRINCESS"
JOAN BLONDELL
GLENDA FARRELL
ROBERT ARMSTRONG
ALSO
"SERVANTS'
ENTRANCE"
JANET GAYNOR
LEW AYRES
BANK NIGHT TUESDAY
$150.00
HURRY! FINAL 2 DAYS
MR. GEORGE
! ARLISS
in
"THE LAST
GENTLEMAN"
with
EDNA MAY OLIVER
RALPH MORGAN
— also —
WALTER WINCHELL
in
"HOLLYWOOD CAD ABOUT"
FOX NEWS
I ENDS TONICHT
2 BIG FEATURES—2Sc & 30c
jOAN CRAWFORD
CLARK CABLE
"CHAINED"
ALSO
"THE DRAGON
MURDER CASE"
WARREN WILLIAM
MARGARET LINDSAY
TUESDAY TO FRIDAY
"KANSAS CITY
PRINCESS"
JOAN BLONDELL
GLENDA FARRELL
ROBERT ARMSTRONG
ALSO
"SERVANTS'
ENTRANCE"
JANET GAYNOR
LEW AYRES
BANK NIGHT TUESDAY
$150.00
HURRY! FINAL 2 DAYS
MR. GEORGE
! ARLISS
in
"THE LAST
GENTLEMAN"
with
EDNA MAY OLIVER
RALPH MORGAN
— also —
WALTER WINCHELL
in
"HOLLYWOOD CAD ABOUT"
FOX NEWS
I ENDS TONICHT
2 BIG FEATURES—2Sc & 30c
jOAN CRAWFORD
CLARK CABLE
"CHAINED"
ALSO
"THE DRAGON
MURDER CASE"
WARREN WILLIAM
MARGARET LINDSAY
TUESDAY TO FRIDAY
"KANSAS CITY
PRINCESS"
JOAN BLONDELL
GLENDA FARRELL
ROBERT ARMSTRONG
ALSO
"SERVANTS'
ENTRANCE"
JANET GAYNOR
LEW AYRES
BANK NIGHT TUESDAY
$150.00
HURRY! FINAL 2 DAYS
MR. GEORGE
! ARLISS
in
"THE LAST
GENTLEMAN"
with
EDNA MAY OLIVER
RALPH MORGAN
— also —
WALTER WINCHELL
in
"HOLLYWOOD CAD ABOUT"
FOX NEWS
I ENDS TONICHT
2 BIG FEATURES—2Sc & 30c
jOAN CRAWFORD
CLARK CABLE
"CHAINED"
ALSO
"THE DRAGON
MURDER CASE"
WARREN WILLIAM
MARGARET LINDSAY
TUESDAY TO FRIDAY
"KANSAS CITY
PRINCESS"
JOAN BLONDELL
GLENDA FARRELL
ROBERT ARMSTRONG
ALSO
"SERVANTS'
ENTRANCE"
JANET GAYNOR
LEW AYRES
BANK NIGHT TUESDAY
$150.00
HURRY! FINAL 2 DAYS
MR. GEORGE
! ARLISS
in
"THE LAST
GENTLEMAN"
with
EDNA MAY OLIVER
RALPH MORGAN
— also —
WALTER WINCHELL
in
"HOLLYWOOD CAD ABOUT"
FOX NEWS
I ENDS TONICHT
2 BIG FEATURES—2Sc & 30c
jOAN CRAWFORD
CLARK CABLE
"CHAINED"
ALSO
"THE DRAGON
MURDER CASE"
WARREN WILLIAM
MARGARET LINDSAY
TUESDAY TO FRIDAY
"KANSAS CITY
PRINCESS"
JOAN BLONDELL
GLENDA FARRELL
ROBERT ARMSTRONG
ALSO
"SERVANTS'
ENTRANCE"
JANET GAYNOR
LEW AYRES
BANK NIGHT TUESDAY
$150.00
HURRY! FINAL 2 DAYS
MR. GEORGE
! ARLISS
in
"THE LAST
GENTLEMAN"
with
EDNA MAY OLIVER
RALPH MORGAN
— also —
WALTER WINCHELL
in
"HOLLYWOOD CAD ABOUT"
FOX NEWS
I ENDS TONICHT
2 BIG FEATURES—2Sc & 30c
jOAN CRAWFORD
CLARK CABLE
"CHAINED"
ALSO
"THE DRAGON
MURDER CASE"
WARREN WILLIAM
MARGARET LINDSAY
TUESDAY TO FRIDAY
"KANSAS CITY
PRINCESS"
JOAN BLONDELL
GLENDA FARRELL
ROBERT ARMSTRONG
ALSO
"SERVANTS'
ENTRANCE"
JANET GAYNOR
LEW AYRES
BANK NIGHT TUESDAY
$150.00
HURRY! FINAL 2 DAYS
MR. GEORGE
! ARLISS
in
"THE LAST
GENTLEMAN"
with
EDNA MAY OLIVER
RALPH MORGAN
— also —
WALTER WINCHELL
in
"HOLLYWOOD CAD ABOUT"
FOX NEWS
I ENDS TONICHT
2 BIG FEATURES—2Sc & 30c
jOAN CRAWFORD
CLARK CABLE
"CHAINED"
ALSO
"THE DRAGON
MURDER CASE"
WARREN WILLIAM
MARGARET LINDSAY
TUESDAY TO FRIDAY
"KANSAS CITY
PRINCESS"
JOAN BLONDELL
GLENDA FARRELL
ROBERT ARMSTRONG
ALSO
"SERVANTS'
ENTRANCE"
JANET GAYNOR
LEW AYRES
BANK NIGHT TUESDAY
$150.00
HURRY! FINAL 2 DAYS
MR. GEORGE
! ARLISS
in
"THE LAST
GENTLEMAN"
with
EDNA MAY OLIVER
RALPH MORGAN
— also —
WALTER WINCHELL
in
"HOLLYWOOD CAD ABOUT"
FOX NEWS
I ENDS TONICHT
2 BIG FEATURES—2Sc & 30c
jOAN CRAWFORD
CLARK CABLE
"CHAINED"
ALSO
"THE DRAGON
MURDER CASE"
WARREN WILLIAM
MARGARET LINDSAY
TUESDAY TO FRIDAY
"KANSAS CITY
PRINCESS"
JOAN BLONDELL
GLENDA FARRELL
ROBERT ARMSTRONG
ALSO
"SERVANTS'
ENTRANCE"
JANET GAYNOR
LEW AYRES
BANK NIGHT TUESDAY
$150.00
HURRY! FINAL 2 DAYS
MR. GEORGE
! ARLISS
in
"THE LAST
GENTLEMAN"
with
EDNA MAY OLIVER
RALPH MORGAN
— also —
WALTER WINCHELL
in
"HOLLYWOOD CAD ABOUT"
FOX NEWS
I ENDS TONICHT
2 BIG FEATURES—2Sc & 30c
jOAN CRAWFORD
CLARK CABLE
"CHAINED"
ALSO
"THE DRAGON
MURDER CASE"
WARREN WILLIAM
MARGARET LINDSAY
TUESDAY TO FRIDAY
"KANSAS CITY
PRINCESS"
JOAN BLONDELL
GLENDA FARRELL
ROBERT ARMSTRONG
ALSO
"SERVANTS'
ENTRANCE"
JANET GAYNOR
LEW AYRES
BANK NIGHT TUESDAY
$150.00
HURRY! FINAL 2 DAYS
MR. GEORGE
! ARLISS
in
"THE LAST
GENTLEMAN"
with
EDNA MAY OLIVER
RALPH MORGAN
— also —
WALTER WINCHELL
in
"HOLLYWOOD CAD ABOUT"
FOX NEWS
I ENDS TONICHT
2 BIG FEATURES—2Sc & 30c
jOAN CRAWFORD
CLARK CABLE
"CHAINED"
ALSO
"THE DRAGON
MURDER CASE"
WARREN WILLIAM
MARGARET LINDSAY
TUESDAY TO FRIDAY
"KANSAS CITY
PRINCESS"
JOAN BLONDELL
GLENDA FARRELL
ROBERT ARMSTRONG
ALSO
"SERVANTS'
ENTRANCE"
JANET GAYNOR
LEW AYRES
BANK NIGHT TUESDAY
$150.00
HURRY! FINAL 2 DAYS
MR. GEORGE
! ARLISS
in
"THE LAST
GENTLEMAN"
with
EDNA MAY OLIVER
RALPH MORGAN
— also —
WALTER WINCHELL
in
"HOLLYWOOD CAD ABOUT"
FOX NEWS
I ENDS TONICHT
2 BIG FEATURES—2Sc & 30c
jOAN CRAWFORD
CLARK CABLE
"CHAINED"
ALSO
"THE DRAGON
MURDER CASE"
WARREN WILLIAM
MARGARET LINDSAY
TUESDAY TO FRIDAY
"KANSAS CITY
PRINCESS"
JOAN BLONDELL
GLENDA FARRELL
ROBERT ARMSTRONG
ALSO
"SERVANTS'
ENTRANCE"
JANET GAYNOR
LEW AYRES
BANK NIGHT TUESDAY
$150.00
