# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Firemen have found that water
extinguishes fires faster than chem
icals do.
Firemen have found that water
extinguishes fires faster than chem
icals do.
Firemen have found that water
extinguishes fires faster than chem
icals do.
Firemen have found that water
extinguishes fires faster than chem
icals do.
Firemen have found that water
extinguishes fires faster than chem
icals do.
Firemen have found that water
extinguishes fires faster than chem
icals do.
Firemen have found that water
extinguishes fires faster than chem
icals do.
Firemen have found that water
extinguishes fires faster than chem
icals do.
Firemen have found that water
extinguishes fires faster than chem
icals do.
Firemen have found that water
extinguishes fires faster than chem
icals do.
Firemen have found that water
extinguishes fires faster than chem
icals do.
Firemen have found that water
extinguishes fires faster than chem
icals do.
Firemen have found that water
extinguishes fires faster than chem
icals do.
Firemen have found that water
extinguishes fires faster than chem
icals do.
Firemen have found that water
extinguishes fires faster than chem
icals do.
