# INTERNATIONAL TABLE
## 
### 
The international table will meet
today at 12:10 o'eloek in the Union
Alcove.
The international table will meet
today at 12:10 o'eloek in the Union
Alcove.
The international table will meet
today at 12:10 o'eloek in the Union
Alcove.
The international table will meet
today at 12:10 o'eloek in the Union
Alcove.
The international table will meet
today at 12:10 o'eloek in the Union
Alcove.
The international table will meet
today at 12:10 o'eloek in the Union
Alcove.
The international table will meet
today at 12:10 o'eloek in the Union
Alcove.
The international table will meet
today at 12:10 o'eloek in the Union
Alcove.
The international table will meet
today at 12:10 o'eloek in the Union
Alcove.
The international table will meet
today at 12:10 o'eloek in the Union
Alcove.
The international table will meet
today at 12:10 o'eloek in the Union
Alcove.
The international table will meet
today at 12:10 o'eloek in the Union
Alcove.
The international table will meet
today at 12:10 o'eloek in the Union
Alcove.
The international table will meet
today at 12:10 o'eloek in the Union
Alcove.
The international table will meet
today at 12:10 o'eloek in the Union
Alcove.
