# Rain, Snow Over Coast Bring Deaths, Injuries
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 18 (/P).—
Roaring in from the ocean, a storm
brought heavy snowfall in the Sierra
Nevada mountains today and two
deaths and a score of injuries were
laid to the blinding rain in North
ern California. The weather bureau
said it would extend north to Puget
Sound and south through the Cali
fornia valleys.
Twenty-eight inches of snow al
ready had fallen at Donner Summit
and 10 inches at Tahoe City. One
inch of rain fell in San Francisco
within six hours, drenching thou
sands of spectators who sat in the
downpour to witness the St. Mary's-
Santa Clara football game at Kezar
Stadium.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 18 (/P).—
Roaring in from the ocean, a storm
brought heavy snowfall in the Sierra
Nevada mountains today and two
deaths and a score of injuries were
laid to the blinding rain in North
ern California. The weather bureau
said it would extend north to Puget
Sound and south through the Cali
fornia valleys.
Twenty-eight inches of snow al
ready had fallen at Donner Summit
and 10 inches at Tahoe City. One
inch of rain fell in San Francisco
within six hours, drenching thou
sands of spectators who sat in the
downpour to witness the St. Mary's-
Santa Clara football game at Kezar
Stadium.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 18 (/P).—
Roaring in from the ocean, a storm
brought heavy snowfall in the Sierra
Nevada mountains today and two
deaths and a score of injuries were
laid to the blinding rain in North
ern California. The weather bureau
said it would extend north to Puget
Sound and south through the Cali
fornia valleys.
Twenty-eight inches of snow al
ready had fallen at Donner Summit
and 10 inches at Tahoe City. One
inch of rain fell in San Francisco
within six hours, drenching thou
sands of spectators who sat in the
downpour to witness the St. Mary's-
Santa Clara football game at Kezar
Stadium.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 18 (/P).—
Roaring in from the ocean, a storm
brought heavy snowfall in the Sierra
Nevada mountains today and two
deaths and a score of injuries were
laid to the blinding rain in North
ern California. The weather bureau
said it would extend north to Puget
Sound and south through the Cali
fornia valleys.
Twenty-eight inches of snow al
ready had fallen at Donner Summit
and 10 inches at Tahoe City. One
inch of rain fell in San Francisco
within six hours, drenching thou
sands of spectators who sat in the
downpour to witness the St. Mary's-
Santa Clara football game at Kezar
Stadium.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 18 (/P).—
Roaring in from the ocean, a storm
brought heavy snowfall in the Sierra
Nevada mountains today and two
deaths and a score of injuries were
laid to the blinding rain in North
ern California. The weather bureau
said it would extend north to Puget
Sound and south through the Cali
fornia valleys.
Twenty-eight inches of snow al
ready had fallen at Donner Summit
and 10 inches at Tahoe City. One
inch of rain fell in San Francisco
within six hours, drenching thou
sands of spectators who sat in the
downpour to witness the St. Mary's-
Santa Clara football game at Kezar
Stadium.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 18 (/P).—
Roaring in from the ocean, a storm
brought heavy snowfall in the Sierra
Nevada mountains today and two
deaths and a score of injuries were
laid to the blinding rain in North
ern California. The weather bureau
said it would extend north to Puget
Sound and south through the Cali
fornia valleys.
Twenty-eight inches of snow al
ready had fallen at Donner Summit
and 10 inches at Tahoe City. One
inch of rain fell in San Francisco
within six hours, drenching thou
sands of spectators who sat in the
downpour to witness the St. Mary's-
Santa Clara football game at Kezar
Stadium.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 18 (/P).—
Roaring in from the ocean, a storm
brought heavy snowfall in the Sierra
Nevada mountains today and two
deaths and a score of injuries were
laid to the blinding rain in North
ern California. The weather bureau
said it would extend north to Puget
Sound and south through the Cali
fornia valleys.
Twenty-eight inches of snow al
ready had fallen at Donner Summit
and 10 inches at Tahoe City. One
inch of rain fell in San Francisco
within six hours, drenching thou
sands of spectators who sat in the
downpour to witness the St. Mary's-
Santa Clara football game at Kezar
Stadium.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 18 (/P).—
Roaring in from the ocean, a storm
brought heavy snowfall in the Sierra
Nevada mountains today and two
deaths and a score of injuries were
laid to the blinding rain in North
ern California. The weather bureau
said it would extend north to Puget
Sound and south through the Cali
fornia valleys.
Twenty-eight inches of snow al
ready had fallen at Donner Summit
and 10 inches at Tahoe City. One
inch of rain fell in San Francisco
within six hours, drenching thou
sands of spectators who sat in the
downpour to witness the St. Mary's-
Santa Clara football game at Kezar
Stadium.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 18 (/P).—
Roaring in from the ocean, a storm
brought heavy snowfall in the Sierra
Nevada mountains today and two
deaths and a score of injuries were
laid to the blinding rain in North
ern California. The weather bureau
said it would extend north to Puget
Sound and south through the Cali
fornia valleys.
Twenty-eight inches of snow al
ready had fallen at Donner Summit
and 10 inches at Tahoe City. One
inch of rain fell in San Francisco
within six hours, drenching thou
sands of spectators who sat in the
downpour to witness the St. Mary's-
Santa Clara football game at Kezar
Stadium.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 18 (/P).—
Roaring in from the ocean, a storm
brought heavy snowfall in the Sierra
Nevada mountains today and two
deaths and a score of injuries were
laid to the blinding rain in North
ern California. The weather bureau
said it would extend north to Puget
Sound and south through the Cali
fornia valleys.
Twenty-eight inches of snow al
ready had fallen at Donner Summit
and 10 inches at Tahoe City. One
inch of rain fell in San Francisco
within six hours, drenching thou
sands of spectators who sat in the
downpour to witness the St. Mary's-
Santa Clara football game at Kezar
Stadium.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 18 (/P).—
Roaring in from the ocean, a storm
brought heavy snowfall in the Sierra
Nevada mountains today and two
deaths and a score of injuries were
laid to the blinding rain in North
ern California. The weather bureau
said it would extend north to Puget
Sound and south through the Cali
fornia valleys.
Twenty-eight inches of snow al
ready had fallen at Donner Summit
and 10 inches at Tahoe City. One
inch of rain fell in San Francisco
within six hours, drenching thou
sands of spectators who sat in the
downpour to witness the St. Mary's-
Santa Clara football game at Kezar
Stadium.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 18 (/P).—
Roaring in from the ocean, a storm
brought heavy snowfall in the Sierra
Nevada mountains today and two
deaths and a score of injuries were
laid to the blinding rain in North
ern California. The weather bureau
said it would extend north to Puget
Sound and south through the Cali
fornia valleys.
Twenty-eight inches of snow al
ready had fallen at Donner Summit
and 10 inches at Tahoe City. One
inch of rain fell in San Francisco
within six hours, drenching thou
sands of spectators who sat in the
downpour to witness the St. Mary's-
Santa Clara football game at Kezar
Stadium.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 18 (/P).—
Roaring in from the ocean, a storm
brought heavy snowfall in the Sierra
Nevada mountains today and two
deaths and a score of injuries were
laid to the blinding rain in North
ern California. The weather bureau
said it would extend north to Puget
Sound and south through the Cali
fornia valleys.
Twenty-eight inches of snow al
ready had fallen at Donner Summit
and 10 inches at Tahoe City. One
inch of rain fell in San Francisco
within six hours, drenching thou
sands of spectators who sat in the
downpour to witness the St. Mary's-
Santa Clara football game at Kezar
Stadium.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 18 (/P).—
Roaring in from the ocean, a storm
brought heavy snowfall in the Sierra
Nevada mountains today and two
deaths and a score of injuries were
laid to the blinding rain in North
ern California. The weather bureau
said it would extend north to Puget
Sound and south through the Cali
fornia valleys.
Twenty-eight inches of snow al
ready had fallen at Donner Summit
and 10 inches at Tahoe City. One
inch of rain fell in San Francisco
within six hours, drenching thou
sands of spectators who sat in the
downpour to witness the St. Mary's-
Santa Clara football game at Kezar
Stadium.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 18 (/P).—
Roaring in from the ocean, a storm
brought heavy snowfall in the Sierra
Nevada mountains today and two
deaths and a score of injuries were
laid to the blinding rain in North
ern California. The weather bureau
said it would extend north to Puget
Sound and south through the Cali
fornia valleys.
Twenty-eight inches of snow al
ready had fallen at Donner Summit
and 10 inches at Tahoe City. One
inch of rain fell in San Francisco
within six hours, drenching thou
sands of spectators who sat in the
downpour to witness the St. Mary's-
Santa Clara football game at Kezar
Stadium.
