# RUMOR DENIED
## 
### 
MANILA, Nov. 18 (/P). —A report
from Detroit that he plans to run
for governor of Michigan in 1936
was denied emphatically today by
Governor Frank Murphy of the
Philippine Islands.
MANILA, Nov. 18 (/P). —A report
from Detroit that he plans to run
for governor of Michigan in 1936
was denied emphatically today by
Governor Frank Murphy of the
Philippine Islands.
MANILA, Nov. 18 (/P). —A report
from Detroit that he plans to run
for governor of Michigan in 1936
was denied emphatically today by
Governor Frank Murphy of the
Philippine Islands.
MANILA, Nov. 18 (/P). —A report
from Detroit that he plans to run
for governor of Michigan in 1936
was denied emphatically today by
Governor Frank Murphy of the
Philippine Islands.
MANILA, Nov. 18 (/P). —A report
from Detroit that he plans to run
for governor of Michigan in 1936
was denied emphatically today by
Governor Frank Murphy of the
Philippine Islands.
MANILA, Nov. 18 (/P). —A report
from Detroit that he plans to run
for governor of Michigan in 1936
was denied emphatically today by
Governor Frank Murphy of the
Philippine Islands.
MANILA, Nov. 18 (/P). —A report
from Detroit that he plans to run
for governor of Michigan in 1936
was denied emphatically today by
Governor Frank Murphy of the
Philippine Islands.
MANILA, Nov. 18 (/P). —A report
from Detroit that he plans to run
for governor of Michigan in 1936
was denied emphatically today by
Governor Frank Murphy of the
Philippine Islands.
MANILA, Nov. 18 (/P). —A report
from Detroit that he plans to run
for governor of Michigan in 1936
was denied emphatically today by
Governor Frank Murphy of the
Philippine Islands.
MANILA, Nov. 18 (/P). —A report
from Detroit that he plans to run
for governor of Michigan in 1936
was denied emphatically today by
Governor Frank Murphy of the
Philippine Islands.
MANILA, Nov. 18 (/P). —A report
from Detroit that he plans to run
for governor of Michigan in 1936
was denied emphatically today by
Governor Frank Murphy of the
Philippine Islands.
MANILA, Nov. 18 (/P). —A report
from Detroit that he plans to run
for governor of Michigan in 1936
was denied emphatically today by
Governor Frank Murphy of the
Philippine Islands.
MANILA, Nov. 18 (/P). —A report
from Detroit that he plans to run
for governor of Michigan in 1936
was denied emphatically today by
Governor Frank Murphy of the
Philippine Islands.
MANILA, Nov. 18 (/P). —A report
from Detroit that he plans to run
for governor of Michigan in 1936
was denied emphatically today by
Governor Frank Murphy of the
Philippine Islands.
MANILA, Nov. 18 (/P). —A report
from Detroit that he plans to run
for governor of Michigan in 1936
was denied emphatically today by
Governor Frank Murphy of the
Philippine Islands.
