# More than half of all state school teachers consider quitting job
## 
### 
More than half of all California
teachers have seriously considered
leaving the profession, citing poor
salaries, bad working conditions,
lack of respect and lack of student
motivation and discipline, a new
survey shows.
The survey shows teachers want
greater decision-making authority,
increased collegial interaction,
higher salaries, smaller classes and
stricter standards for those entering
the profession as part of their
agenda for school reform.
Based on telephone interviews
with a random sample of 502 teach
ers, the survey was conducted for
the Metropolitan Life Insurance Co.
by Lou Harris and Associates. Data
were analyzed by Prof. Michael
Kirst of the Stanford School of Edu
cation and Julia Koppich and
William Gerritz for PACE, Policy
Analysis for California Education.
Approximately nine out of 10
teachers said three steps would be
of great help in keeping talented
people in the profession: improved

salaries (94 percent), more respect
(90 percent) and reduced class size
(85 percent).
According to Kirst, results of the
survey "paint a picture of teachers
as dedicated professionals, con
cerned about reform, anxious to be
involved in it, and willing to sup
port risky, even radical changes in
school and in the teaching profes
sion."
More than one million California
children are now taught by teachers
who report inadequate instruc
tional materials, insufficient profes
sional support, lack of preparaton
time and a lack of professional
decision-making authority, the sur
vey showed.
The California Commission on
Teaching has forcast that the state
will need to recruit at least 80,000
new teachers within the next five
years. This assumes that the teacher
attrition rate does not increase and
that the average class size — now
the second highest in the nation —
does not change.
More than half of all California
teachers have seriously considered
leaving the profession, citing poor
salaries, bad working conditions,
lack of respect and lack of student
motivation and discipline, a new
survey shows.
The survey shows teachers want
greater decision-making authority,
increased collegial interaction,
higher salaries, smaller classes and
stricter standards for those entering
the profession as part of their
agenda for school reform.
Based on telephone interviews
with a random sample of 502 teach
ers, the survey was conducted for
the Metropolitan Life Insurance Co.
by Lou Harris and Associates. Data
were analyzed by Prof. Michael
Kirst of the Stanford School of Edu
cation and Julia Koppich and
William Gerritz for PACE, Policy
Analysis for California Education.
Approximately nine out of 10
teachers said three steps would be
of great help in keeping talented
people in the profession: improved

salaries (94 percent), more respect
(90 percent) and reduced class size
(85 percent).
According to Kirst, results of the
survey "paint a picture of teachers
as dedicated professionals, con
cerned about reform, anxious to be
involved in it, and willing to sup
port risky, even radical changes in
school and in the teaching profes
sion."
More than one million California
children are now taught by teachers
who report inadequate instruc
tional materials, insufficient profes
sional support, lack of preparaton
time and a lack of professional
decision-making authority, the sur
vey showed.
The California Commission on
Teaching has forcast that the state
will need to recruit at least 80,000
new teachers within the next five
years. This assumes that the teacher
attrition rate does not increase and
that the average class size — now
the second highest in the nation —
does not change.
More than half of all California
teachers have seriously considered
leaving the profession, citing poor
salaries, bad working conditions,
lack of respect and lack of student
motivation and discipline, a new
survey shows.
The survey shows teachers want
greater decision-making authority,
increased collegial interaction,
higher salaries, smaller classes and
stricter standards for those entering
the profession as part of their
agenda for school reform.
Based on telephone interviews
with a random sample of 502 teach
ers, the survey was conducted for
the Metropolitan Life Insurance Co.
by Lou Harris and Associates. Data
were analyzed by Prof. Michael
Kirst of the Stanford School of Edu
cation and Julia Koppich and
William Gerritz for PACE, Policy
Analysis for California Education.
Approximately nine out of 10
teachers said three steps would be
of great help in keeping talented
people in the profession: improved

salaries (94 percent), more respect
(90 percent) and reduced class size
(85 percent).
According to Kirst, results of the
survey "paint a picture of teachers
as dedicated professionals, con
cerned about reform, anxious to be
involved in it, and willing to sup
port risky, even radical changes in
school and in the teaching profes
sion."
More than one million California
children are now taught by teachers
who report inadequate instruc
tional materials, insufficient profes
sional support, lack of preparaton
time and a lack of professional
decision-making authority, the sur
vey showed.
The California Commission on
Teaching has forcast that the state
will need to recruit at least 80,000
new teachers within the next five
years. This assumes that the teacher
attrition rate does not increase and
that the average class size — now
the second highest in the nation —
does not change.
More than half of all California
teachers have seriously considered
leaving the profession, citing poor
salaries, bad working conditions,
lack of respect and lack of student
motivation and discipline, a new
survey shows.
The survey shows teachers want
greater decision-making authority,
increased collegial interaction,
higher salaries, smaller classes and
stricter standards for those entering
the profession as part of their
agenda for school reform.
Based on telephone interviews
with a random sample of 502 teach
ers, the survey was conducted for
the Metropolitan Life Insurance Co.
by Lou Harris and Associates. Data
were analyzed by Prof. Michael
Kirst of the Stanford School of Edu
cation and Julia Koppich and
William Gerritz for PACE, Policy
Analysis for California Education.
Approximately nine out of 10
teachers said three steps would be
of great help in keeping talented
people in the profession: improved

salaries (94 percent), more respect
(90 percent) and reduced class size
(85 percent).
According to Kirst, results of the
survey "paint a picture of teachers
as dedicated professionals, con
cerned about reform, anxious to be
involved in it, and willing to sup
port risky, even radical changes in
school and in the teaching profes
sion."
More than one million California
children are now taught by teachers
who report inadequate instruc
tional materials, insufficient profes
sional support, lack of preparaton
time and a lack of professional
decision-making authority, the sur
vey showed.
The California Commission on
Teaching has forcast that the state
will need to recruit at least 80,000
new teachers within the next five
years. This assumes that the teacher
attrition rate does not increase and
that the average class size — now
the second highest in the nation —
does not change.
More than half of all California
teachers have seriously considered
leaving the profession, citing poor
salaries, bad working conditions,
lack of respect and lack of student
motivation and discipline, a new
survey shows.
The survey shows teachers want
greater decision-making authority,
increased collegial interaction,
higher salaries, smaller classes and
stricter standards for those entering
the profession as part of their
agenda for school reform.
Based on telephone interviews
with a random sample of 502 teach
ers, the survey was conducted for
the Metropolitan Life Insurance Co.
by Lou Harris and Associates. Data
were analyzed by Prof. Michael
Kirst of the Stanford School of Edu
cation and Julia Koppich and
William Gerritz for PACE, Policy
Analysis for California Education.
Approximately nine out of 10
teachers said three steps would be
of great help in keeping talented
people in the profession: improved

salaries (94 percent), more respect
(90 percent) and reduced class size
(85 percent).
According to Kirst, results of the
survey "paint a picture of teachers
as dedicated professionals, con
cerned about reform, anxious to be
involved in it, and willing to sup
port risky, even radical changes in
school and in the teaching profes
sion."
More than one million California
children are now taught by teachers
who report inadequate instruc
tional materials, insufficient profes
sional support, lack of preparaton
time and a lack of professional
decision-making authority, the sur
vey showed.
The California Commission on
Teaching has forcast that the state
will need to recruit at least 80,000
new teachers within the next five
years. This assumes that the teacher
attrition rate does not increase and
that the average class size — now
the second highest in the nation —
does not change.
More than half of all California
teachers have seriously considered
leaving the profession, citing poor
salaries, bad working conditions,
lack of respect and lack of student
motivation and discipline, a new
survey shows.
The survey shows teachers want
greater decision-making authority,
increased collegial interaction,
higher salaries, smaller classes and
stricter standards for those entering
the profession as part of their
agenda for school reform.
Based on telephone interviews
with a random sample of 502 teach
ers, the survey was conducted for
the Metropolitan Life Insurance Co.
by Lou Harris and Associates. Data
were analyzed by Prof. Michael
Kirst of the Stanford School of Edu
cation and Julia Koppich and
William Gerritz for PACE, Policy
Analysis for California Education.
Approximately nine out of 10
teachers said three steps would be
of great help in keeping talented
people in the profession: improved

salaries (94 percent), more respect
(90 percent) and reduced class size
(85 percent).
According to Kirst, results of the
survey "paint a picture of teachers
as dedicated professionals, con
cerned about reform, anxious to be
involved in it, and willing to sup
port risky, even radical changes in
school and in the teaching profes
sion."
More than one million California
children are now taught by teachers
who report inadequate instruc
tional materials, insufficient profes
sional support, lack of preparaton
time and a lack of professional
decision-making authority, the sur
vey showed.
The California Commission on
Teaching has forcast that the state
will need to recruit at least 80,000
new teachers within the next five
years. This assumes that the teacher
attrition rate does not increase and
that the average class size — now
the second highest in the nation —
does not change.
More than half of all California
teachers have seriously considered
leaving the profession, citing poor
salaries, bad working conditions,
lack of respect and lack of student
motivation and discipline, a new
survey shows.
The survey shows teachers want
greater decision-making authority,
increased collegial interaction,
higher salaries, smaller classes and
stricter standards for those entering
the profession as part of their
agenda for school reform.
Based on telephone interviews
with a random sample of 502 teach
ers, the survey was conducted for
the Metropolitan Life Insurance Co.
by Lou Harris and Associates. Data
were analyzed by Prof. Michael
Kirst of the Stanford School of Edu
cation and Julia Koppich and
William Gerritz for PACE, Policy
Analysis for California Education.
Approximately nine out of 10
teachers said three steps would be
of great help in keeping talented
people in the profession: improved

salaries (94 percent), more respect
(90 percent) and reduced class size
(85 percent).
According to Kirst, results of the
survey "paint a picture of teachers
as dedicated professionals, con
cerned about reform, anxious to be
involved in it, and willing to sup
port risky, even radical changes in
school and in the teaching profes
sion."
More than one million California
children are now taught by teachers
who report inadequate instruc
tional materials, insufficient profes
sional support, lack of preparaton
time and a lack of professional
decision-making authority, the sur
vey showed.
The California Commission on
Teaching has forcast that the state
will need to recruit at least 80,000
new teachers within the next five
years. This assumes that the teacher
attrition rate does not increase and
that the average class size — now
the second highest in the nation —
does not change.
More than half of all California
teachers have seriously considered
leaving the profession, citing poor
salaries, bad working conditions,
lack of respect and lack of student
motivation and discipline, a new
survey shows.
The survey shows teachers want
greater decision-making authority,
increased collegial interaction,
higher salaries, smaller classes and
stricter standards for those entering
the profession as part of their
agenda for school reform.
Based on telephone interviews
with a random sample of 502 teach
ers, the survey was conducted for
the Metropolitan Life Insurance Co.
by Lou Harris and Associates. Data
were analyzed by Prof. Michael
Kirst of the Stanford School of Edu
cation and Julia Koppich and
William Gerritz for PACE, Policy
Analysis for California Education.
Approximately nine out of 10
teachers said three steps would be
of great help in keeping talented
people in the profession: improved

salaries (94 percent), more respect
(90 percent) and reduced class size
(85 percent).
According to Kirst, results of the
survey "paint a picture of teachers
as dedicated professionals, con
cerned about reform, anxious to be
involved in it, and willing to sup
port risky, even radical changes in
school and in the teaching profes
sion."
More than one million California
children are now taught by teachers
who report inadequate instruc
tional materials, insufficient profes
sional support, lack of preparaton
time and a lack of professional
decision-making authority, the sur
vey showed.
The California Commission on
Teaching has forcast that the state
will need to recruit at least 80,000
new teachers within the next five
years. This assumes that the teacher
attrition rate does not increase and
that the average class size — now
the second highest in the nation —
does not change.
