# Point Record
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES (UPI)— Gail
Goodrich of UCLA holds the rec
ord for most points scored in
the NCAA championship game.
Goodrich, now with the Los An
geles Lakers, scored 42 points
against Michigan in the 1965
final.
LOS ANGELES (UPI)— Gail
Goodrich of UCLA holds the rec
ord for most points scored in
the NCAA championship game.
Goodrich, now with the Los An
geles Lakers, scored 42 points
against Michigan in the 1965
final.
LOS ANGELES (UPI)— Gail
Goodrich of UCLA holds the rec
ord for most points scored in
the NCAA championship game.
Goodrich, now with the Los An
geles Lakers, scored 42 points
against Michigan in the 1965
final.
LOS ANGELES (UPI)— Gail
Goodrich of UCLA holds the rec
ord for most points scored in
the NCAA championship game.
Goodrich, now with the Los An
geles Lakers, scored 42 points
against Michigan in the 1965
final.
LOS ANGELES (UPI)— Gail
Goodrich of UCLA holds the rec
ord for most points scored in
the NCAA championship game.
Goodrich, now with the Los An
geles Lakers, scored 42 points
against Michigan in the 1965
final.
LOS ANGELES (UPI)— Gail
Goodrich of UCLA holds the rec
ord for most points scored in
the NCAA championship game.
Goodrich, now with the Los An
geles Lakers, scored 42 points
against Michigan in the 1965
final.
LOS ANGELES (UPI)— Gail
Goodrich of UCLA holds the rec
ord for most points scored in
the NCAA championship game.
Goodrich, now with the Los An
geles Lakers, scored 42 points
against Michigan in the 1965
final.
LOS ANGELES (UPI)— Gail
Goodrich of UCLA holds the rec
ord for most points scored in
the NCAA championship game.
Goodrich, now with the Los An
geles Lakers, scored 42 points
against Michigan in the 1965
final.
LOS ANGELES (UPI)— Gail
Goodrich of UCLA holds the rec
ord for most points scored in
the NCAA championship game.
Goodrich, now with the Los An
geles Lakers, scored 42 points
against Michigan in the 1965
final.
LOS ANGELES (UPI)— Gail
Goodrich of UCLA holds the rec
ord for most points scored in
the NCAA championship game.
Goodrich, now with the Los An
geles Lakers, scored 42 points
against Michigan in the 1965
final.
LOS ANGELES (UPI)— Gail
Goodrich of UCLA holds the rec
ord for most points scored in
the NCAA championship game.
Goodrich, now with the Los An
geles Lakers, scored 42 points
against Michigan in the 1965
final.
LOS ANGELES (UPI)— Gail
Goodrich of UCLA holds the rec
ord for most points scored in
the NCAA championship game.
Goodrich, now with the Los An
geles Lakers, scored 42 points
against Michigan in the 1965
final.
LOS ANGELES (UPI)— Gail
Goodrich of UCLA holds the rec
ord for most points scored in
the NCAA championship game.
Goodrich, now with the Los An
geles Lakers, scored 42 points
against Michigan in the 1965
final.
LOS ANGELES (UPI)— Gail
Goodrich of UCLA holds the rec
ord for most points scored in
the NCAA championship game.
Goodrich, now with the Los An
geles Lakers, scored 42 points
against Michigan in the 1965
final.
LOS ANGELES (UPI)— Gail
Goodrich of UCLA holds the rec
ord for most points scored in
the NCAA championship game.
Goodrich, now with the Los An
geles Lakers, scored 42 points
against Michigan in the 1965
final.
