# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
If it's worth print
ing, it's worth
printing right.
•
W. E. NEILSON
& SONS
632 Emerson St. P.A. 7711
—
IT CAN'T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
If it's worth print
ing, it's worth
printing right.
•
W. E. NEILSON
& SONS
632 Emerson St. P.A. 7711
—
IT CAN'T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
If it's worth print
ing, it's worth
printing right.
•
W. E. NEILSON
& SONS
632 Emerson St. P.A. 7711
—
IT CAN'T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
If it's worth print
ing, it's worth
printing right.
•
W. E. NEILSON
& SONS
632 Emerson St. P.A. 7711
—
IT CAN'T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
If it's worth print
ing, it's worth
printing right.
•
W. E. NEILSON
& SONS
632 Emerson St. P.A. 7711
—
IT CAN'T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
If it's worth print
ing, it's worth
printing right.
•
W. E. NEILSON
& SONS
632 Emerson St. P.A. 7711
—
IT CAN'T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
If it's worth print
ing, it's worth
printing right.
•
W. E. NEILSON
& SONS
632 Emerson St. P.A. 7711
—
IT CAN'T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
If it's worth print
ing, it's worth
printing right.
•
W. E. NEILSON
& SONS
632 Emerson St. P.A. 7711
—
IT CAN'T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
If it's worth print
ing, it's worth
printing right.
•
W. E. NEILSON
& SONS
632 Emerson St. P.A. 7711
—
IT CAN'T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
If it's worth print
ing, it's worth
printing right.
•
W. E. NEILSON
& SONS
632 Emerson St. P.A. 7711
—
IT CAN'T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
If it's worth print
ing, it's worth
printing right.
•
W. E. NEILSON
& SONS
632 Emerson St. P.A. 7711
—
IT CAN'T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
If it's worth print
ing, it's worth
printing right.
•
W. E. NEILSON
& SONS
632 Emerson St. P.A. 7711
—
IT CAN'T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
If it's worth print
ing, it's worth
printing right.
•
W. E. NEILSON
& SONS
632 Emerson St. P.A. 7711
—
IT CAN'T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
If it's worth print
ing, it's worth
printing right.
•
W. E. NEILSON
& SONS
632 Emerson St. P.A. 7711
—
IT CAN'T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
If it's worth print
ing, it's worth
printing right.
•
W. E. NEILSON
& SONS
632 Emerson St. P.A. 7711
—
IT CAN'T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
If it's worth print
ing, it's worth
printing right.
•
W. E. NEILSON
& SONS
632 Emerson St. P.A. 7711
—
IT CAN'T BE
BEAT
An extra thick malted milk
shake and sandwich
25c
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
209 University Ave.
