# EDITORIAL
## 
### 
Machine - sponsored hand-1
hills instructing Encinamen '
lo vote the straight ticket
last night blackened the other
eye of Stanford's badly bat
tered (>ld Man Tradition.
This type of hist - minute
electioneering stunt long ago
was banned by the higher ethi
cal element of the A.S.S.U.
When freshmen were unin
tentionally guilty of infringe
ment last October, upperclass
nioi), saying "It's not done,"
set themselves, up as examples.
Now these upperclassmen a
faction of them at least
threaten to turn Farm politi
cal campaigns into a race of
money and gaudiness of dis
play.
As in the theory of on-cam
pus rushing, as in the no-cor
sagc tradition, the custom of
not using paid publicity or
printed handbills in political
campaigns is for the express
and obviously desirable pur
pose of maintaining a plane of
social equality among all stu
dentsâ€” rich and poor.
