# MANGAN GETS CUP
## 
### 
Joe Mangan, who nipped Gene
Venzke and Glenn Cunningham in
the Millrose Wanamaker mile, was
given the trophy for the best per
formance at the Millrose Games.
Joe Mangan, who nipped Gene
Venzke and Glenn Cunningham in
the Millrose Wanamaker mile, was
given the trophy for the best per
formance at the Millrose Games.
Joe Mangan, who nipped Gene
Venzke and Glenn Cunningham in
the Millrose Wanamaker mile, was
given the trophy for the best per
formance at the Millrose Games.
Joe Mangan, who nipped Gene
Venzke and Glenn Cunningham in
the Millrose Wanamaker mile, was
given the trophy for the best per
formance at the Millrose Games.
Joe Mangan, who nipped Gene
Venzke and Glenn Cunningham in
the Millrose Wanamaker mile, was
given the trophy for the best per
formance at the Millrose Games.
Joe Mangan, who nipped Gene
Venzke and Glenn Cunningham in
the Millrose Wanamaker mile, was
given the trophy for the best per
formance at the Millrose Games.
Joe Mangan, who nipped Gene
Venzke and Glenn Cunningham in
the Millrose Wanamaker mile, was
given the trophy for the best per
formance at the Millrose Games.
Joe Mangan, who nipped Gene
Venzke and Glenn Cunningham in
the Millrose Wanamaker mile, was
given the trophy for the best per
formance at the Millrose Games.
Joe Mangan, who nipped Gene
Venzke and Glenn Cunningham in
the Millrose Wanamaker mile, was
given the trophy for the best per
formance at the Millrose Games.
Joe Mangan, who nipped Gene
Venzke and Glenn Cunningham in
the Millrose Wanamaker mile, was
given the trophy for the best per
formance at the Millrose Games.
Joe Mangan, who nipped Gene
Venzke and Glenn Cunningham in
the Millrose Wanamaker mile, was
given the trophy for the best per
formance at the Millrose Games.
Joe Mangan, who nipped Gene
Venzke and Glenn Cunningham in
the Millrose Wanamaker mile, was
given the trophy for the best per
formance at the Millrose Games.
Joe Mangan, who nipped Gene
Venzke and Glenn Cunningham in
the Millrose Wanamaker mile, was
given the trophy for the best per
formance at the Millrose Games.
Joe Mangan, who nipped Gene
Venzke and Glenn Cunningham in
the Millrose Wanamaker mile, was
given the trophy for the best per
formance at the Millrose Games.
Joe Mangan, who nipped Gene
Venzke and Glenn Cunningham in
the Millrose Wanamaker mile, was
given the trophy for the best per
formance at the Millrose Games.
Joe Mangan, who nipped Gene
Venzke and Glenn Cunningham in
the Millrose Wanamaker mile, was
given the trophy for the best per
formance at the Millrose Games.
