# LOS ARCOS PLEDGES TWO
## 
### 
Los Arcos announces the pledging
of Hersh'jy Julicn, and Walter
Howell, '37.
Los Arcos announces the pledging
of Hersh'jy Julicn, and Walter
Howell, '37.
Los Arcos announces the pledging
of Hersh'jy Julicn, and Walter
Howell, '37.
Los Arcos announces the pledging
of Hersh'jy Julicn, and Walter
Howell, '37.
Los Arcos announces the pledging
of Hersh'jy Julicn, and Walter
Howell, '37.
Los Arcos announces the pledging
of Hersh'jy Julicn, and Walter
Howell, '37.
Los Arcos announces the pledging
of Hersh'jy Julicn, and Walter
Howell, '37.
Los Arcos announces the pledging
of Hersh'jy Julicn, and Walter
Howell, '37.
Los Arcos announces the pledging
of Hersh'jy Julicn, and Walter
Howell, '37.
Los Arcos announces the pledging
of Hersh'jy Julicn, and Walter
Howell, '37.
Los Arcos announces the pledging
of Hersh'jy Julicn, and Walter
Howell, '37.
Los Arcos announces the pledging
of Hersh'jy Julicn, and Walter
Howell, '37.
Los Arcos announces the pledging
of Hersh'jy Julicn, and Walter
Howell, '37.
Los Arcos announces the pledging
of Hersh'jy Julicn, and Walter
Howell, '37.
Los Arcos announces the pledging
of Hersh'jy Julicn, and Walter
Howell, '37.
Los Arcos announces the pledging
of Hersh'jy Julicn, and Walter
Howell, '37.
