# MERLE OBERON BETTER
## 
### 
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 10 (#>).—
Merle Oberon, British screen act
ress, was recovering today from a
tonsil operation.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 10 (#>).—
Merle Oberon, British screen act
ress, was recovering today from a
tonsil operation.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 10 (#>).—
Merle Oberon, British screen act
ress, was recovering today from a
tonsil operation.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 10 (#>).—
Merle Oberon, British screen act
ress, was recovering today from a
tonsil operation.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 10 (#>).—
Merle Oberon, British screen act
ress, was recovering today from a
tonsil operation.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 10 (#>).—
Merle Oberon, British screen act
ress, was recovering today from a
tonsil operation.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 10 (#>).—
Merle Oberon, British screen act
ress, was recovering today from a
tonsil operation.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 10 (#>).—
Merle Oberon, British screen act
ress, was recovering today from a
tonsil operation.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 10 (#>).—
Merle Oberon, British screen act
ress, was recovering today from a
tonsil operation.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 10 (#>).—
Merle Oberon, British screen act
ress, was recovering today from a
tonsil operation.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 10 (#>).—
Merle Oberon, British screen act
ress, was recovering today from a
tonsil operation.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 10 (#>).—
Merle Oberon, British screen act
ress, was recovering today from a
tonsil operation.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 10 (#>).—
Merle Oberon, British screen act
ress, was recovering today from a
tonsil operation.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 10 (#>).—
Merle Oberon, British screen act
ress, was recovering today from a
tonsil operation.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 10 (#>).—
Merle Oberon, British screen act
ress, was recovering today from a
tonsil operation.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 10 (#>).—
Merle Oberon, British screen act
ress, was recovering today from a
tonsil operation.
