# Ex Committee Revision Abandoned
## 
### 
As the campus electorate votes to
day for Ex Committee members,
there remains little chance of an
immediate change from popular to
functional representation in that
body.

Edwin Cottrell, political science
professor who sat in on the student
forum on the question last week, ad
mits that Dick Creamer's proposal
for change is now "dead." "Cream
er's plan was shot so full of holes
that Creamer himself admits that it
r.eeds complete revision before be
ing presented again," he said after
the forum.
As the campus electorate votes to
day for Ex Committee members,
there remains little chance of an
immediate change from popular to
functional representation in that
body.

Edwin Cottrell, political science
professor who sat in on the student
forum on the question last week, ad
mits that Dick Creamer's proposal
for change is now "dead." "Cream
er's plan was shot so full of holes
that Creamer himself admits that it
r.eeds complete revision before be
ing presented again," he said after
the forum.
As the campus electorate votes to
day for Ex Committee members,
there remains little chance of an
immediate change from popular to
functional representation in that
body.

Edwin Cottrell, political science
professor who sat in on the student
forum on the question last week, ad
mits that Dick Creamer's proposal
for change is now "dead." "Cream
er's plan was shot so full of holes
that Creamer himself admits that it
r.eeds complete revision before be
ing presented again," he said after
the forum.
As the campus electorate votes to
day for Ex Committee members,
there remains little chance of an
immediate change from popular to
functional representation in that
body.

Edwin Cottrell, political science
professor who sat in on the student
forum on the question last week, ad
mits that Dick Creamer's proposal
for change is now "dead." "Cream
er's plan was shot so full of holes
that Creamer himself admits that it
r.eeds complete revision before be
ing presented again," he said after
the forum.
As the campus electorate votes to
day for Ex Committee members,
there remains little chance of an
immediate change from popular to
functional representation in that
body.

Edwin Cottrell, political science
professor who sat in on the student
forum on the question last week, ad
mits that Dick Creamer's proposal
for change is now "dead." "Cream
er's plan was shot so full of holes
that Creamer himself admits that it
r.eeds complete revision before be
ing presented again," he said after
the forum.
As the campus electorate votes to
day for Ex Committee members,
there remains little chance of an
immediate change from popular to
functional representation in that
body.

Edwin Cottrell, political science
professor who sat in on the student
forum on the question last week, ad
mits that Dick Creamer's proposal
for change is now "dead." "Cream
er's plan was shot so full of holes
that Creamer himself admits that it
r.eeds complete revision before be
ing presented again," he said after
the forum.
As the campus electorate votes to
day for Ex Committee members,
there remains little chance of an
immediate change from popular to
functional representation in that
body.

Edwin Cottrell, political science
professor who sat in on the student
forum on the question last week, ad
mits that Dick Creamer's proposal
for change is now "dead." "Cream
er's plan was shot so full of holes
that Creamer himself admits that it
r.eeds complete revision before be
ing presented again," he said after
the forum.
As the campus electorate votes to
day for Ex Committee members,
there remains little chance of an
immediate change from popular to
functional representation in that
body.

Edwin Cottrell, political science
professor who sat in on the student
forum on the question last week, ad
mits that Dick Creamer's proposal
for change is now "dead." "Cream
er's plan was shot so full of holes
that Creamer himself admits that it
r.eeds complete revision before be
ing presented again," he said after
the forum.
As the campus electorate votes to
day for Ex Committee members,
there remains little chance of an
immediate change from popular to
functional representation in that
body.

Edwin Cottrell, political science
professor who sat in on the student
forum on the question last week, ad
mits that Dick Creamer's proposal
for change is now "dead." "Cream
er's plan was shot so full of holes
that Creamer himself admits that it
r.eeds complete revision before be
ing presented again," he said after
the forum.
As the campus electorate votes to
day for Ex Committee members,
there remains little chance of an
immediate change from popular to
functional representation in that
body.

Edwin Cottrell, political science
professor who sat in on the student
forum on the question last week, ad
mits that Dick Creamer's proposal
for change is now "dead." "Cream
er's plan was shot so full of holes
that Creamer himself admits that it
r.eeds complete revision before be
ing presented again," he said after
the forum.
As the campus electorate votes to
day for Ex Committee members,
there remains little chance of an
immediate change from popular to
functional representation in that
body.

Edwin Cottrell, political science
professor who sat in on the student
forum on the question last week, ad
mits that Dick Creamer's proposal
for change is now "dead." "Cream
er's plan was shot so full of holes
that Creamer himself admits that it
r.eeds complete revision before be
ing presented again," he said after
the forum.
As the campus electorate votes to
day for Ex Committee members,
there remains little chance of an
immediate change from popular to
functional representation in that
body.

Edwin Cottrell, political science
professor who sat in on the student
forum on the question last week, ad
mits that Dick Creamer's proposal
for change is now "dead." "Cream
er's plan was shot so full of holes
that Creamer himself admits that it
r.eeds complete revision before be
ing presented again," he said after
the forum.
As the campus electorate votes to
day for Ex Committee members,
there remains little chance of an
immediate change from popular to
functional representation in that
body.

Edwin Cottrell, political science
professor who sat in on the student
forum on the question last week, ad
mits that Dick Creamer's proposal
for change is now "dead." "Cream
er's plan was shot so full of holes
that Creamer himself admits that it
r.eeds complete revision before be
ing presented again," he said after
the forum.
As the campus electorate votes to
day for Ex Committee members,
there remains little chance of an
immediate change from popular to
functional representation in that
body.

Edwin Cottrell, political science
professor who sat in on the student
forum on the question last week, ad
mits that Dick Creamer's proposal
for change is now "dead." "Cream
er's plan was shot so full of holes
that Creamer himself admits that it
r.eeds complete revision before be
ing presented again," he said after
the forum.
As the campus electorate votes to
day for Ex Committee members,
there remains little chance of an
immediate change from popular to
functional representation in that
body.

Edwin Cottrell, political science
professor who sat in on the student
forum on the question last week, ad
mits that Dick Creamer's proposal
for change is now "dead." "Cream
er's plan was shot so full of holes
that Creamer himself admits that it
r.eeds complete revision before be
ing presented again," he said after
the forum.
As the campus electorate votes to
day for Ex Committee members,
there remains little chance of an
immediate change from popular to
functional representation in that
body.

Edwin Cottrell, political science
professor who sat in on the student
forum on the question last week, ad
mits that Dick Creamer's proposal
for change is now "dead." "Cream
er's plan was shot so full of holes
that Creamer himself admits that it
r.eeds complete revision before be
ing presented again," he said after
the forum.
