# SATIRE, ETC.
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
If a student organization must
publish a periodical sucn as "Stu
dent Opinion," why don't they mak.>
their publication a constructive
paper instead of a propaganda sheet
filled with pseudo-satire. Not that
satire isn't all right if properly ed
ited, but when it is done in a "slip
shod" fashion it proves very dis
tracting.
Very truly yours,
J. L. D.
The Editor, Sir:
If a student organization must
publish a periodical sucn as "Stu
dent Opinion," why don't they mak.>
their publication a constructive
paper instead of a propaganda sheet
filled with pseudo-satire. Not that
satire isn't all right if properly ed
ited, but when it is done in a "slip
shod" fashion it proves very dis
tracting.
Very truly yours,
J. L. D.
The Editor, Sir:
If a student organization must
publish a periodical sucn as "Stu
dent Opinion," why don't they mak.>
their publication a constructive
paper instead of a propaganda sheet
filled with pseudo-satire. Not that
satire isn't all right if properly ed
ited, but when it is done in a "slip
shod" fashion it proves very dis
tracting.
Very truly yours,
J. L. D.
The Editor, Sir:
If a student organization must
publish a periodical sucn as "Stu
dent Opinion," why don't they mak.>
their publication a constructive
paper instead of a propaganda sheet
filled with pseudo-satire. Not that
satire isn't all right if properly ed
ited, but when it is done in a "slip
shod" fashion it proves very dis
tracting.
Very truly yours,
J. L. D.
The Editor, Sir:
If a student organization must
publish a periodical sucn as "Stu
dent Opinion," why don't they mak.>
their publication a constructive
paper instead of a propaganda sheet
filled with pseudo-satire. Not that
satire isn't all right if properly ed
ited, but when it is done in a "slip
shod" fashion it proves very dis
tracting.
Very truly yours,
J. L. D.
The Editor, Sir:
If a student organization must
publish a periodical sucn as "Stu
dent Opinion," why don't they mak.>
their publication a constructive
paper instead of a propaganda sheet
filled with pseudo-satire. Not that
satire isn't all right if properly ed
ited, but when it is done in a "slip
shod" fashion it proves very dis
tracting.
Very truly yours,
J. L. D.
The Editor, Sir:
If a student organization must
publish a periodical sucn as "Stu
dent Opinion," why don't they mak.>
their publication a constructive
paper instead of a propaganda sheet
filled with pseudo-satire. Not that
satire isn't all right if properly ed
ited, but when it is done in a "slip
shod" fashion it proves very dis
tracting.
Very truly yours,
J. L. D.
The Editor, Sir:
If a student organization must
publish a periodical sucn as "Stu
dent Opinion," why don't they mak.>
their publication a constructive
paper instead of a propaganda sheet
filled with pseudo-satire. Not that
satire isn't all right if properly ed
ited, but when it is done in a "slip
shod" fashion it proves very dis
tracting.
Very truly yours,
J. L. D.
The Editor, Sir:
If a student organization must
publish a periodical sucn as "Stu
dent Opinion," why don't they mak.>
their publication a constructive
paper instead of a propaganda sheet
filled with pseudo-satire. Not that
satire isn't all right if properly ed
ited, but when it is done in a "slip
shod" fashion it proves very dis
tracting.
Very truly yours,
J. L. D.
The Editor, Sir:
If a student organization must
publish a periodical sucn as "Stu
dent Opinion," why don't they mak.>
their publication a constructive
paper instead of a propaganda sheet
filled with pseudo-satire. Not that
satire isn't all right if properly ed
ited, but when it is done in a "slip
shod" fashion it proves very dis
tracting.
Very truly yours,
J. L. D.
The Editor, Sir:
If a student organization must
publish a periodical sucn as "Stu
dent Opinion," why don't they mak.>
their publication a constructive
paper instead of a propaganda sheet
filled with pseudo-satire. Not that
satire isn't all right if properly ed
ited, but when it is done in a "slip
shod" fashion it proves very dis
tracting.
Very truly yours,
J. L. D.
The Editor, Sir:
If a student organization must
publish a periodical sucn as "Stu
dent Opinion," why don't they mak.>
their publication a constructive
paper instead of a propaganda sheet
filled with pseudo-satire. Not that
satire isn't all right if properly ed
ited, but when it is done in a "slip
shod" fashion it proves very dis
tracting.
Very truly yours,
J. L. D.
The Editor, Sir:
If a student organization must
publish a periodical sucn as "Stu
dent Opinion," why don't they mak.>
their publication a constructive
paper instead of a propaganda sheet
filled with pseudo-satire. Not that
satire isn't all right if properly ed
ited, but when it is done in a "slip
shod" fashion it proves very dis
tracting.
Very truly yours,
J. L. D.
The Editor, Sir:
If a student organization must
publish a periodical sucn as "Stu
dent Opinion," why don't they mak.>
their publication a constructive
paper instead of a propaganda sheet
filled with pseudo-satire. Not that
satire isn't all right if properly ed
ited, but when it is done in a "slip
shod" fashion it proves very dis
tracting.
Very truly yours,
J. L. D.
The Editor, Sir:
If a student organization must
publish a periodical sucn as "Stu
dent Opinion," why don't they mak.>
their publication a constructive
paper instead of a propaganda sheet
filled with pseudo-satire. Not that
satire isn't all right if properly ed
ited, but when it is done in a "slip
shod" fashion it proves very dis
tracting.
Very truly yours,
J. L. D.
The Editor, Sir:
If a student organization must
publish a periodical sucn as "Stu
dent Opinion," why don't they mak.>
their publication a constructive
paper instead of a propaganda sheet
filled with pseudo-satire. Not that
satire isn't all right if properly ed
ited, but when it is done in a "slip
shod" fashion it proves very dis
tracting.
Very truly yours,
J. L. D.
