# Fifteen Down, One To Go
## 
### 

MUMPS ARE practically unanimous in the family of James Gilchrist of Pocahontas, la.
All but one of the 15 children came down with the disease at once. The three youngest,
held on their parents' laps, are triplets. (A.P. Photo)

MUMPS ARE practically unanimous in the family of James Gilchrist of Pocahontas, la.
All but one of the 15 children came down with the disease at once. The three youngest,
held on their parents' laps, are triplets. (A.P. Photo)

MUMPS ARE practically unanimous in the family of James Gilchrist of Pocahontas, la.
All but one of the 15 children came down with the disease at once. The three youngest,
held on their parents' laps, are triplets. (A.P. Photo)

MUMPS ARE practically unanimous in the family of James Gilchrist of Pocahontas, la.
All but one of the 15 children came down with the disease at once. The three youngest,
held on their parents' laps, are triplets. (A.P. Photo)

MUMPS ARE practically unanimous in the family of James Gilchrist of Pocahontas, la.
All but one of the 15 children came down with the disease at once. The three youngest,
held on their parents' laps, are triplets. (A.P. Photo)

MUMPS ARE practically unanimous in the family of James Gilchrist of Pocahontas, la.
All but one of the 15 children came down with the disease at once. The three youngest,
held on their parents' laps, are triplets. (A.P. Photo)

MUMPS ARE practically unanimous in the family of James Gilchrist of Pocahontas, la.
All but one of the 15 children came down with the disease at once. The three youngest,
held on their parents' laps, are triplets. (A.P. Photo)

MUMPS ARE practically unanimous in the family of James Gilchrist of Pocahontas, la.
All but one of the 15 children came down with the disease at once. The three youngest,
held on their parents' laps, are triplets. (A.P. Photo)

MUMPS ARE practically unanimous in the family of James Gilchrist of Pocahontas, la.
All but one of the 15 children came down with the disease at once. The three youngest,
held on their parents' laps, are triplets. (A.P. Photo)

MUMPS ARE practically unanimous in the family of James Gilchrist of Pocahontas, la.
All but one of the 15 children came down with the disease at once. The three youngest,
held on their parents' laps, are triplets. (A.P. Photo)

MUMPS ARE practically unanimous in the family of James Gilchrist of Pocahontas, la.
All but one of the 15 children came down with the disease at once. The three youngest,
held on their parents' laps, are triplets. (A.P. Photo)

MUMPS ARE practically unanimous in the family of James Gilchrist of Pocahontas, la.
All but one of the 15 children came down with the disease at once. The three youngest,
held on their parents' laps, are triplets. (A.P. Photo)

MUMPS ARE practically unanimous in the family of James Gilchrist of Pocahontas, la.
All but one of the 15 children came down with the disease at once. The three youngest,
held on their parents' laps, are triplets. (A.P. Photo)

MUMPS ARE practically unanimous in the family of James Gilchrist of Pocahontas, la.
All but one of the 15 children came down with the disease at once. The three youngest,
held on their parents' laps, are triplets. (A.P. Photo)

MUMPS ARE practically unanimous in the family of James Gilchrist of Pocahontas, la.
All but one of the 15 children came down with the disease at once. The three youngest,
held on their parents' laps, are triplets. (A.P. Photo)

MUMPS ARE practically unanimous in the family of James Gilchrist of Pocahontas, la.
All but one of the 15 children came down with the disease at once. The three youngest,
held on their parents' laps, are triplets. (A.P. Photo)
