# MEET POSTPONED
## 
### 
According to word received yes- '
terday, the boxing meet with 1
U.C.L.A. to !>e held here Thursday
night has beta indefinitely post
poned. With the Udans so easily
disposed of, Coach Sciiall and his
men are now concentrating on the
first meet with California, coming up
February 21. i
According to word received yes- '
terday, the boxing meet with 1
U.C.L.A. to !>e held here Thursday
night has beta indefinitely post
poned. With the Udans so easily
disposed of, Coach Sciiall and his
men are now concentrating on the
first meet with California, coming up
February 21. i
According to word received yes- '
terday, the boxing meet with 1
U.C.L.A. to !>e held here Thursday
night has beta indefinitely post
poned. With the Udans so easily
disposed of, Coach Sciiall and his
men are now concentrating on the
first meet with California, coming up
February 21. i
According to word received yes- '
terday, the boxing meet with 1
U.C.L.A. to !>e held here Thursday
night has beta indefinitely post
poned. With the Udans so easily
disposed of, Coach Sciiall and his
men are now concentrating on the
first meet with California, coming up
February 21. i
According to word received yes- '
terday, the boxing meet with 1
U.C.L.A. to !>e held here Thursday
night has beta indefinitely post
poned. With the Udans so easily
disposed of, Coach Sciiall and his
men are now concentrating on the
first meet with California, coming up
February 21. i
According to word received yes- '
terday, the boxing meet with 1
U.C.L.A. to !>e held here Thursday
night has beta indefinitely post
poned. With the Udans so easily
disposed of, Coach Sciiall and his
men are now concentrating on the
first meet with California, coming up
February 21. i
According to word received yes- '
terday, the boxing meet with 1
U.C.L.A. to !>e held here Thursday
night has beta indefinitely post
poned. With the Udans so easily
disposed of, Coach Sciiall and his
men are now concentrating on the
first meet with California, coming up
February 21. i
According to word received yes- '
terday, the boxing meet with 1
U.C.L.A. to !>e held here Thursday
night has beta indefinitely post
poned. With the Udans so easily
disposed of, Coach Sciiall and his
men are now concentrating on the
first meet with California, coming up
February 21. i
According to word received yes- '
terday, the boxing meet with 1
U.C.L.A. to !>e held here Thursday
night has beta indefinitely post
poned. With the Udans so easily
disposed of, Coach Sciiall and his
men are now concentrating on the
first meet with California, coming up
February 21. i
According to word received yes- '
terday, the boxing meet with 1
U.C.L.A. to !>e held here Thursday
night has beta indefinitely post
poned. With the Udans so easily
disposed of, Coach Sciiall and his
men are now concentrating on the
first meet with California, coming up
February 21. i
According to word received yes- '
terday, the boxing meet with 1
U.C.L.A. to !>e held here Thursday
night has beta indefinitely post
poned. With the Udans so easily
disposed of, Coach Sciiall and his
men are now concentrating on the
first meet with California, coming up
February 21. i
According to word received yes- '
terday, the boxing meet with 1
U.C.L.A. to !>e held here Thursday
night has beta indefinitely post
poned. With the Udans so easily
disposed of, Coach Sciiall and his
men are now concentrating on the
first meet with California, coming up
February 21. i
According to word received yes- '
terday, the boxing meet with 1
U.C.L.A. to !>e held here Thursday
night has beta indefinitely post
poned. With the Udans so easily
disposed of, Coach Sciiall and his
men are now concentrating on the
first meet with California, coming up
February 21. i
According to word received yes- '
terday, the boxing meet with 1
U.C.L.A. to !>e held here Thursday
night has beta indefinitely post
poned. With the Udans so easily
disposed of, Coach Sciiall and his
men are now concentrating on the
first meet with California, coming up
February 21. i
According to word received yes- '
terday, the boxing meet with 1
U.C.L.A. to !>e held here Thursday
night has beta indefinitely post
poned. With the Udans so easily
disposed of, Coach Sciiall and his
men are now concentrating on the
first meet with California, coming up
February 21. i
According to word received yes- '
terday, the boxing meet with 1
U.C.L.A. to !>e held here Thursday
night has beta indefinitely post
poned. With the Udans so easily
disposed of, Coach Sciiall and his
men are now concentrating on the
first meet with California, coming up
February 21. i
