# POLITICAL GEOGRAPHY COURSE TO BE GIVEN THIS WINTER QUARTER
## 
### 
Of especial value to students in
tending to get into foreign service
will be a new course, "Political Geo
graphy," to be conducted during win
ter quarter by Professor Harold H.
Sprout of the Political Science de
partment.
According to Professor Edwin A.
Cottrell, the need for a course of this
type has existed for some time, since
foreign service examinations consist
largely of questions on the topogra
phy, resources, industry, commerce,
climate, and population of the various
countries of the world.
The course, which will probably be
open only to undergraduates, will deal
with the influence of geographical
factors on the evolution of political
institutions and relations, with spe
cial attention paid to their effect on
the international situation of the
United States. The hour will be 11
o'clock.
Of especial value to students in
tending to get into foreign service
will be a new course, "Political Geo
graphy," to be conducted during win
ter quarter by Professor Harold H.
Sprout of the Political Science de
partment.
According to Professor Edwin A.
Cottrell, the need for a course of this
type has existed for some time, since
foreign service examinations consist
largely of questions on the topogra
phy, resources, industry, commerce,
climate, and population of the various
countries of the world.
The course, which will probably be
open only to undergraduates, will deal
with the influence of geographical
factors on the evolution of political
institutions and relations, with spe
cial attention paid to their effect on
the international situation of the
United States. The hour will be 11
o'clock.
Of especial value to students in
tending to get into foreign service
will be a new course, "Political Geo
graphy," to be conducted during win
ter quarter by Professor Harold H.
Sprout of the Political Science de
partment.
According to Professor Edwin A.
Cottrell, the need for a course of this
type has existed for some time, since
foreign service examinations consist
largely of questions on the topogra
phy, resources, industry, commerce,
climate, and population of the various
countries of the world.
The course, which will probably be
open only to undergraduates, will deal
with the influence of geographical
factors on the evolution of political
institutions and relations, with spe
cial attention paid to their effect on
the international situation of the
United States. The hour will be 11
o'clock.
Of especial value to students in
tending to get into foreign service
will be a new course, "Political Geo
graphy," to be conducted during win
ter quarter by Professor Harold H.
Sprout of the Political Science de
partment.
According to Professor Edwin A.
Cottrell, the need for a course of this
type has existed for some time, since
foreign service examinations consist
largely of questions on the topogra
phy, resources, industry, commerce,
climate, and population of the various
countries of the world.
The course, which will probably be
open only to undergraduates, will deal
with the influence of geographical
factors on the evolution of political
institutions and relations, with spe
cial attention paid to their effect on
the international situation of the
United States. The hour will be 11
o'clock.
Of especial value to students in
tending to get into foreign service
will be a new course, "Political Geo
graphy," to be conducted during win
ter quarter by Professor Harold H.
Sprout of the Political Science de
partment.
According to Professor Edwin A.
Cottrell, the need for a course of this
type has existed for some time, since
foreign service examinations consist
largely of questions on the topogra
phy, resources, industry, commerce,
climate, and population of the various
countries of the world.
The course, which will probably be
open only to undergraduates, will deal
with the influence of geographical
factors on the evolution of political
institutions and relations, with spe
cial attention paid to their effect on
the international situation of the
United States. The hour will be 11
o'clock.
Of especial value to students in
tending to get into foreign service
will be a new course, "Political Geo
graphy," to be conducted during win
ter quarter by Professor Harold H.
Sprout of the Political Science de
partment.
According to Professor Edwin A.
Cottrell, the need for a course of this
type has existed for some time, since
foreign service examinations consist
largely of questions on the topogra
phy, resources, industry, commerce,
climate, and population of the various
countries of the world.
The course, which will probably be
open only to undergraduates, will deal
with the influence of geographical
factors on the evolution of political
institutions and relations, with spe
cial attention paid to their effect on
the international situation of the
United States. The hour will be 11
o'clock.
Of especial value to students in
tending to get into foreign service
will be a new course, "Political Geo
graphy," to be conducted during win
ter quarter by Professor Harold H.
Sprout of the Political Science de
partment.
According to Professor Edwin A.
Cottrell, the need for a course of this
type has existed for some time, since
foreign service examinations consist
largely of questions on the topogra
phy, resources, industry, commerce,
climate, and population of the various
countries of the world.
The course, which will probably be
open only to undergraduates, will deal
with the influence of geographical
factors on the evolution of political
institutions and relations, with spe
cial attention paid to their effect on
the international situation of the
United States. The hour will be 11
o'clock.
Of especial value to students in
tending to get into foreign service
will be a new course, "Political Geo
graphy," to be conducted during win
ter quarter by Professor Harold H.
Sprout of the Political Science de
partment.
According to Professor Edwin A.
Cottrell, the need for a course of this
type has existed for some time, since
foreign service examinations consist
largely of questions on the topogra
phy, resources, industry, commerce,
climate, and population of the various
countries of the world.
The course, which will probably be
open only to undergraduates, will deal
with the influence of geographical
factors on the evolution of political
institutions and relations, with spe
cial attention paid to their effect on
the international situation of the
United States. The hour will be 11
o'clock.
Of especial value to students in
tending to get into foreign service
will be a new course, "Political Geo
graphy," to be conducted during win
ter quarter by Professor Harold H.
Sprout of the Political Science de
partment.
According to Professor Edwin A.
Cottrell, the need for a course of this
type has existed for some time, since
foreign service examinations consist
largely of questions on the topogra
phy, resources, industry, commerce,
climate, and population of the various
countries of the world.
The course, which will probably be
open only to undergraduates, will deal
with the influence of geographical
factors on the evolution of political
institutions and relations, with spe
cial attention paid to their effect on
the international situation of the
United States. The hour will be 11
o'clock.
Of especial value to students in
tending to get into foreign service
will be a new course, "Political Geo
graphy," to be conducted during win
ter quarter by Professor Harold H.
Sprout of the Political Science de
partment.
According to Professor Edwin A.
Cottrell, the need for a course of this
type has existed for some time, since
foreign service examinations consist
largely of questions on the topogra
phy, resources, industry, commerce,
climate, and population of the various
countries of the world.
The course, which will probably be
open only to undergraduates, will deal
with the influence of geographical
factors on the evolution of political
institutions and relations, with spe
cial attention paid to their effect on
the international situation of the
United States. The hour will be 11
o'clock.
Of especial value to students in
tending to get into foreign service
will be a new course, "Political Geo
graphy," to be conducted during win
ter quarter by Professor Harold H.
Sprout of the Political Science de
partment.
According to Professor Edwin A.
Cottrell, the need for a course of this
type has existed for some time, since
foreign service examinations consist
largely of questions on the topogra
phy, resources, industry, commerce,
climate, and population of the various
countries of the world.
The course, which will probably be
open only to undergraduates, will deal
with the influence of geographical
factors on the evolution of political
institutions and relations, with spe
cial attention paid to their effect on
the international situation of the
United States. The hour will be 11
o'clock.
Of especial value to students in
tending to get into foreign service
will be a new course, "Political Geo
graphy," to be conducted during win
ter quarter by Professor Harold H.
Sprout of the Political Science de
partment.
According to Professor Edwin A.
Cottrell, the need for a course of this
type has existed for some time, since
foreign service examinations consist
largely of questions on the topogra
phy, resources, industry, commerce,
climate, and population of the various
countries of the world.
The course, which will probably be
open only to undergraduates, will deal
with the influence of geographical
factors on the evolution of political
institutions and relations, with spe
cial attention paid to their effect on
the international situation of the
United States. The hour will be 11
o'clock.
Of especial value to students in
tending to get into foreign service
will be a new course, "Political Geo
graphy," to be conducted during win
ter quarter by Professor Harold H.
Sprout of the Political Science de
partment.
According to Professor Edwin A.
Cottrell, the need for a course of this
type has existed for some time, since
foreign service examinations consist
largely of questions on the topogra
phy, resources, industry, commerce,
climate, and population of the various
countries of the world.
The course, which will probably be
open only to undergraduates, will deal
with the influence of geographical
factors on the evolution of political
institutions and relations, with spe
cial attention paid to their effect on
the international situation of the
United States. The hour will be 11
o'clock.
Of especial value to students in
tending to get into foreign service
will be a new course, "Political Geo
graphy," to be conducted during win
ter quarter by Professor Harold H.
Sprout of the Political Science de
partment.
According to Professor Edwin A.
Cottrell, the need for a course of this
type has existed for some time, since
foreign service examinations consist
largely of questions on the topogra
phy, resources, industry, commerce,
climate, and population of the various
countries of the world.
The course, which will probably be
open only to undergraduates, will deal
with the influence of geographical
factors on the evolution of political
institutions and relations, with spe
cial attention paid to their effect on
the international situation of the
United States. The hour will be 11
o'clock.
Of especial value to students in
tending to get into foreign service
will be a new course, "Political Geo
graphy," to be conducted during win
ter quarter by Professor Harold H.
Sprout of the Political Science de
partment.
According to Professor Edwin A.
Cottrell, the need for a course of this
type has existed for some time, since
foreign service examinations consist
largely of questions on the topogra
phy, resources, industry, commerce,
climate, and population of the various
countries of the world.
The course, which will probably be
open only to undergraduates, will deal
with the influence of geographical
factors on the evolution of political
institutions and relations, with spe
cial attention paid to their effect on
the international situation of the
United States. The hour will be 11
o'clock.
Of especial value to students in
tending to get into foreign service
will be a new course, "Political Geo
graphy," to be conducted during win
ter quarter by Professor Harold H.
Sprout of the Political Science de
partment.
According to Professor Edwin A.
Cottrell, the need for a course of this
type has existed for some time, since
foreign service examinations consist
largely of questions on the topogra
phy, resources, industry, commerce,
climate, and population of the various
countries of the world.
The course, which will probably be
open only to undergraduates, will deal
with the influence of geographical
factors on the evolution of political
institutions and relations, with spe
cial attention paid to their effect on
the international situation of the
United States. The hour will be 11
o'clock.
Of especial value to students in
tending to get into foreign service
will be a new course, "Political Geo
graphy," to be conducted during win
ter quarter by Professor Harold H.
Sprout of the Political Science de
partment.
According to Professor Edwin A.
Cottrell, the need for a course of this
type has existed for some time, since
foreign service examinations consist
largely of questions on the topogra
phy, resources, industry, commerce,
climate, and population of the various
countries of the world.
The course, which will probably be
open only to undergraduates, will deal
with the influence of geographical
factors on the evolution of political
institutions and relations, with spe
cial attention paid to their effect on
the international situation of the
United States. The hour will be 11
o'clock.
