# CONTRACT AND REPRINT PROBLEM SUBJECT OF TODAY'S JOKERS' MEET
## 
### 
Continuation of the convention of
the Western Association of College
Comics is scheduled for today with
sessions at ten and three o'clock in
the Old Union. Nelson Carter, editor
of Chaparral and president of the as
sociation, will preside, and the busi
ness of the morning will be the dis
cussion of the reprint and contract
difficulties with College Humor.
Preliminary business of the con
vention was disposed of at the meet
ing yesterday, and besides the discus
sion of the College Humor situation
this morning, plans for national ad
vertising and for a nation-wide asso
ciation of college magazines will be
considered. The meetings will close
Saturday with the election of officers
for the ensuing year, and the selec
tion of next year's meeting place.
Delegates to the convention are
housed at various fraternities on the
campus, and were entertained at a
theatre party in San Francisco last
night. The program of the convention
includes a banquet at the Union to
night, and will close with a dinner
dance in San Francisco tomorrow
night.
Continuation of the convention of
the Western Association of College
Comics is scheduled for today with
sessions at ten and three o'clock in
the Old Union. Nelson Carter, editor
of Chaparral and president of the as
sociation, will preside, and the busi
ness of the morning will be the dis
cussion of the reprint and contract
difficulties with College Humor.
Preliminary business of the con
vention was disposed of at the meet
ing yesterday, and besides the discus
sion of the College Humor situation
this morning, plans for national ad
vertising and for a nation-wide asso
ciation of college magazines will be
considered. The meetings will close
Saturday with the election of officers
for the ensuing year, and the selec
tion of next year's meeting place.
Delegates to the convention are
housed at various fraternities on the
campus, and were entertained at a
theatre party in San Francisco last
night. The program of the convention
includes a banquet at the Union to
night, and will close with a dinner
dance in San Francisco tomorrow
night.
Continuation of the convention of
the Western Association of College
Comics is scheduled for today with
sessions at ten and three o'clock in
the Old Union. Nelson Carter, editor
of Chaparral and president of the as
sociation, will preside, and the busi
ness of the morning will be the dis
cussion of the reprint and contract
difficulties with College Humor.
Preliminary business of the con
vention was disposed of at the meet
ing yesterday, and besides the discus
sion of the College Humor situation
this morning, plans for national ad
vertising and for a nation-wide asso
ciation of college magazines will be
considered. The meetings will close
Saturday with the election of officers
for the ensuing year, and the selec
tion of next year's meeting place.
Delegates to the convention are
housed at various fraternities on the
campus, and were entertained at a
theatre party in San Francisco last
night. The program of the convention
includes a banquet at the Union to
night, and will close with a dinner
dance in San Francisco tomorrow
night.
Continuation of the convention of
the Western Association of College
Comics is scheduled for today with
sessions at ten and three o'clock in
the Old Union. Nelson Carter, editor
of Chaparral and president of the as
sociation, will preside, and the busi
ness of the morning will be the dis
cussion of the reprint and contract
difficulties with College Humor.
Preliminary business of the con
vention was disposed of at the meet
ing yesterday, and besides the discus
sion of the College Humor situation
this morning, plans for national ad
vertising and for a nation-wide asso
ciation of college magazines will be
considered. The meetings will close
Saturday with the election of officers
for the ensuing year, and the selec
tion of next year's meeting place.
Delegates to the convention are
housed at various fraternities on the
campus, and were entertained at a
theatre party in San Francisco last
night. The program of the convention
includes a banquet at the Union to
night, and will close with a dinner
dance in San Francisco tomorrow
night.
Continuation of the convention of
the Western Association of College
Comics is scheduled for today with
sessions at ten and three o'clock in
the Old Union. Nelson Carter, editor
of Chaparral and president of the as
sociation, will preside, and the busi
ness of the morning will be the dis
cussion of the reprint and contract
difficulties with College Humor.
Preliminary business of the con
vention was disposed of at the meet
ing yesterday, and besides the discus
sion of the College Humor situation
this morning, plans for national ad
vertising and for a nation-wide asso
ciation of college magazines will be
considered. The meetings will close
Saturday with the election of officers
for the ensuing year, and the selec
tion of next year's meeting place.
Delegates to the convention are
housed at various fraternities on the
campus, and were entertained at a
theatre party in San Francisco last
night. The program of the convention
includes a banquet at the Union to
night, and will close with a dinner
dance in San Francisco tomorrow
night.
Continuation of the convention of
the Western Association of College
Comics is scheduled for today with
sessions at ten and three o'clock in
the Old Union. Nelson Carter, editor
of Chaparral and president of the as
sociation, will preside, and the busi
ness of the morning will be the dis
cussion of the reprint and contract
difficulties with College Humor.
Preliminary business of the con
vention was disposed of at the meet
ing yesterday, and besides the discus
sion of the College Humor situation
this morning, plans for national ad
vertising and for a nation-wide asso
ciation of college magazines will be
considered. The meetings will close
Saturday with the election of officers
for the ensuing year, and the selec
tion of next year's meeting place.
Delegates to the convention are
housed at various fraternities on the
campus, and were entertained at a
theatre party in San Francisco last
night. The program of the convention
includes a banquet at the Union to
night, and will close with a dinner
dance in San Francisco tomorrow
night.
Continuation of the convention of
the Western Association of College
Comics is scheduled for today with
sessions at ten and three o'clock in
the Old Union. Nelson Carter, editor
of Chaparral and president of the as
sociation, will preside, and the busi
ness of the morning will be the dis
cussion of the reprint and contract
difficulties with College Humor.
Preliminary business of the con
vention was disposed of at the meet
ing yesterday, and besides the discus
sion of the College Humor situation
this morning, plans for national ad
vertising and for a nation-wide asso
ciation of college magazines will be
considered. The meetings will close
Saturday with the election of officers
for the ensuing year, and the selec
tion of next year's meeting place.
Delegates to the convention are
housed at various fraternities on the
campus, and were entertained at a
theatre party in San Francisco last
night. The program of the convention
includes a banquet at the Union to
night, and will close with a dinner
dance in San Francisco tomorrow
night.
Continuation of the convention of
the Western Association of College
Comics is scheduled for today with
sessions at ten and three o'clock in
the Old Union. Nelson Carter, editor
of Chaparral and president of the as
sociation, will preside, and the busi
ness of the morning will be the dis
cussion of the reprint and contract
difficulties with College Humor.
Preliminary business of the con
vention was disposed of at the meet
ing yesterday, and besides the discus
sion of the College Humor situation
this morning, plans for national ad
vertising and for a nation-wide asso
ciation of college magazines will be
considered. The meetings will close
Saturday with the election of officers
for the ensuing year, and the selec
tion of next year's meeting place.
Delegates to the convention are
housed at various fraternities on the
campus, and were entertained at a
theatre party in San Francisco last
night. The program of the convention
includes a banquet at the Union to
night, and will close with a dinner
dance in San Francisco tomorrow
night.
Continuation of the convention of
the Western Association of College
Comics is scheduled for today with
sessions at ten and three o'clock in
the Old Union. Nelson Carter, editor
of Chaparral and president of the as
sociation, will preside, and the busi
ness of the morning will be the dis
cussion of the reprint and contract
difficulties with College Humor.
Preliminary business of the con
vention was disposed of at the meet
ing yesterday, and besides the discus
sion of the College Humor situation
this morning, plans for national ad
vertising and for a nation-wide asso
ciation of college magazines will be
considered. The meetings will close
Saturday with the election of officers
for the ensuing year, and the selec
tion of next year's meeting place.
Delegates to the convention are
housed at various fraternities on the
campus, and were entertained at a
theatre party in San Francisco last
night. The program of the convention
includes a banquet at the Union to
night, and will close with a dinner
dance in San Francisco tomorrow
night.
Continuation of the convention of
the Western Association of College
Comics is scheduled for today with
sessions at ten and three o'clock in
the Old Union. Nelson Carter, editor
of Chaparral and president of the as
sociation, will preside, and the busi
ness of the morning will be the dis
cussion of the reprint and contract
difficulties with College Humor.
Preliminary business of the con
vention was disposed of at the meet
ing yesterday, and besides the discus
sion of the College Humor situation
this morning, plans for national ad
vertising and for a nation-wide asso
ciation of college magazines will be
considered. The meetings will close
Saturday with the election of officers
for the ensuing year, and the selec
tion of next year's meeting place.
Delegates to the convention are
housed at various fraternities on the
campus, and were entertained at a
theatre party in San Francisco last
night. The program of the convention
includes a banquet at the Union to
night, and will close with a dinner
dance in San Francisco tomorrow
night.
Continuation of the convention of
the Western Association of College
Comics is scheduled for today with
sessions at ten and three o'clock in
the Old Union. Nelson Carter, editor
of Chaparral and president of the as
sociation, will preside, and the busi
ness of the morning will be the dis
cussion of the reprint and contract
difficulties with College Humor.
Preliminary business of the con
vention was disposed of at the meet
ing yesterday, and besides the discus
sion of the College Humor situation
this morning, plans for national ad
vertising and for a nation-wide asso
ciation of college magazines will be
considered. The meetings will close
Saturday with the election of officers
for the ensuing year, and the selec
tion of next year's meeting place.
Delegates to the convention are
housed at various fraternities on the
campus, and were entertained at a
theatre party in San Francisco last
night. The program of the convention
includes a banquet at the Union to
night, and will close with a dinner
dance in San Francisco tomorrow
night.
Continuation of the convention of
the Western Association of College
Comics is scheduled for today with
sessions at ten and three o'clock in
the Old Union. Nelson Carter, editor
of Chaparral and president of the as
sociation, will preside, and the busi
ness of the morning will be the dis
cussion of the reprint and contract
difficulties with College Humor.
Preliminary business of the con
vention was disposed of at the meet
ing yesterday, and besides the discus
sion of the College Humor situation
this morning, plans for national ad
vertising and for a nation-wide asso
ciation of college magazines will be
considered. The meetings will close
Saturday with the election of officers
for the ensuing year, and the selec
tion of next year's meeting place.
Delegates to the convention are
housed at various fraternities on the
campus, and were entertained at a
theatre party in San Francisco last
night. The program of the convention
includes a banquet at the Union to
night, and will close with a dinner
dance in San Francisco tomorrow
night.
Continuation of the convention of
the Western Association of College
Comics is scheduled for today with
sessions at ten and three o'clock in
the Old Union. Nelson Carter, editor
of Chaparral and president of the as
sociation, will preside, and the busi
ness of the morning will be the dis
cussion of the reprint and contract
difficulties with College Humor.
Preliminary business of the con
vention was disposed of at the meet
ing yesterday, and besides the discus
sion of the College Humor situation
this morning, plans for national ad
vertising and for a nation-wide asso
ciation of college magazines will be
considered. The meetings will close
Saturday with the election of officers
for the ensuing year, and the selec
tion of next year's meeting place.
Delegates to the convention are
housed at various fraternities on the
campus, and were entertained at a
theatre party in San Francisco last
night. The program of the convention
includes a banquet at the Union to
night, and will close with a dinner
dance in San Francisco tomorrow
night.
Continuation of the convention of
the Western Association of College
Comics is scheduled for today with
sessions at ten and three o'clock in
the Old Union. Nelson Carter, editor
of Chaparral and president of the as
sociation, will preside, and the busi
ness of the morning will be the dis
cussion of the reprint and contract
difficulties with College Humor.
Preliminary business of the con
vention was disposed of at the meet
ing yesterday, and besides the discus
sion of the College Humor situation
this morning, plans for national ad
vertising and for a nation-wide asso
ciation of college magazines will be
considered. The meetings will close
Saturday with the election of officers
for the ensuing year, and the selec
tion of next year's meeting place.
Delegates to the convention are
housed at various fraternities on the
campus, and were entertained at a
theatre party in San Francisco last
night. The program of the convention
includes a banquet at the Union to
night, and will close with a dinner
dance in San Francisco tomorrow
night.
Continuation of the convention of
the Western Association of College
Comics is scheduled for today with
sessions at ten and three o'clock in
the Old Union. Nelson Carter, editor
of Chaparral and president of the as
sociation, will preside, and the busi
ness of the morning will be the dis
cussion of the reprint and contract
difficulties with College Humor.
Preliminary business of the con
vention was disposed of at the meet
ing yesterday, and besides the discus
sion of the College Humor situation
this morning, plans for national ad
vertising and for a nation-wide asso
ciation of college magazines will be
considered. The meetings will close
Saturday with the election of officers
for the ensuing year, and the selec
tion of next year's meeting place.
Delegates to the convention are
housed at various fraternities on the
campus, and were entertained at a
theatre party in San Francisco last
night. The program of the convention
includes a banquet at the Union to
night, and will close with a dinner
dance in San Francisco tomorrow
night.
Continuation of the convention of
the Western Association of College
Comics is scheduled for today with
sessions at ten and three o'clock in
the Old Union. Nelson Carter, editor
of Chaparral and president of the as
sociation, will preside, and the busi
ness of the morning will be the dis
cussion of the reprint and contract
difficulties with College Humor.
Preliminary business of the con
vention was disposed of at the meet
ing yesterday, and besides the discus
sion of the College Humor situation
this morning, plans for national ad
vertising and for a nation-wide asso
ciation of college magazines will be
considered. The meetings will close
Saturday with the election of officers
for the ensuing year, and the selec
tion of next year's meeting place.
Delegates to the convention are
housed at various fraternities on the
campus, and were entertained at a
theatre party in San Francisco last
night. The program of the convention
includes a banquet at the Union to
night, and will close with a dinner
dance in San Francisco tomorrow
night.
Continuation of the convention of
the Western Association of College
Comics is scheduled for today with
sessions at ten and three o'clock in
the Old Union. Nelson Carter, editor
of Chaparral and president of the as
sociation, will preside, and the busi
ness of the morning will be the dis
cussion of the reprint and contract
difficulties with College Humor.
Preliminary business of the con
vention was disposed of at the meet
ing yesterday, and besides the discus
sion of the College Humor situation
this morning, plans for national ad
vertising and for a nation-wide asso
ciation of college magazines will be
considered. The meetings will close
Saturday with the election of officers
for the ensuing year, and the selec
tion of next year's meeting place.
Delegates to the convention are
housed at various fraternities on the
campus, and were entertained at a
theatre party in San Francisco last
night. The program of the convention
includes a banquet at the Union to
night, and will close with a dinner
dance in San Francisco tomorrow
night.
