# GLEE CLUB MEETS
## 
### 
Members of the Stanford Glee Club,
approximately sixty-five in number,
gathered at the Union last evening
for a banquet.
Members of the Stanford Glee Club,
approximately sixty-five in number,
gathered at the Union last evening
for a banquet.
Members of the Stanford Glee Club,
approximately sixty-five in number,
gathered at the Union last evening
for a banquet.
Members of the Stanford Glee Club,
approximately sixty-five in number,
gathered at the Union last evening
for a banquet.
Members of the Stanford Glee Club,
approximately sixty-five in number,
gathered at the Union last evening
for a banquet.
Members of the Stanford Glee Club,
approximately sixty-five in number,
gathered at the Union last evening
for a banquet.
Members of the Stanford Glee Club,
approximately sixty-five in number,
gathered at the Union last evening
for a banquet.
Members of the Stanford Glee Club,
approximately sixty-five in number,
gathered at the Union last evening
for a banquet.
Members of the Stanford Glee Club,
approximately sixty-five in number,
gathered at the Union last evening
for a banquet.
Members of the Stanford Glee Club,
approximately sixty-five in number,
gathered at the Union last evening
for a banquet.
Members of the Stanford Glee Club,
approximately sixty-five in number,
gathered at the Union last evening
for a banquet.
Members of the Stanford Glee Club,
approximately sixty-five in number,
gathered at the Union last evening
for a banquet.
Members of the Stanford Glee Club,
approximately sixty-five in number,
gathered at the Union last evening
for a banquet.
Members of the Stanford Glee Club,
approximately sixty-five in number,
gathered at the Union last evening
for a banquet.
Members of the Stanford Glee Club,
approximately sixty-five in number,
gathered at the Union last evening
for a banquet.
Members of the Stanford Glee Club,
approximately sixty-five in number,
gathered at the Union last evening
for a banquet.
Members of the Stanford Glee Club,
approximately sixty-five in number,
gathered at the Union last evening
for a banquet.
