# Junior Women Will Meet Sophomore Hockey Team
## 
### 
Starting the second week of the
three-week hockey practice season,
sophomore and junior women's intey
class hockey teams will meet Monday
afternoon at 4:30 o'clock. Both the
soph and junior squads have won con
tests this past week; sophomores vs.
seniors, 8-1, and juniors vs. freshmen,
5-1.
Starting the second week of the
three-week hockey practice season,
sophomore and junior women's intey
class hockey teams will meet Monday
afternoon at 4:30 o'clock. Both the
soph and junior squads have won con
tests this past week; sophomores vs.
seniors, 8-1, and juniors vs. freshmen,
5-1.
Starting the second week of the
three-week hockey practice season,
sophomore and junior women's intey
class hockey teams will meet Monday
afternoon at 4:30 o'clock. Both the
soph and junior squads have won con
tests this past week; sophomores vs.
seniors, 8-1, and juniors vs. freshmen,
5-1.
Starting the second week of the
three-week hockey practice season,
sophomore and junior women's intey
class hockey teams will meet Monday
afternoon at 4:30 o'clock. Both the
soph and junior squads have won con
tests this past week; sophomores vs.
seniors, 8-1, and juniors vs. freshmen,
5-1.
Starting the second week of the
three-week hockey practice season,
sophomore and junior women's intey
class hockey teams will meet Monday
afternoon at 4:30 o'clock. Both the
soph and junior squads have won con
tests this past week; sophomores vs.
seniors, 8-1, and juniors vs. freshmen,
5-1.
Starting the second week of the
three-week hockey practice season,
sophomore and junior women's intey
class hockey teams will meet Monday
afternoon at 4:30 o'clock. Both the
soph and junior squads have won con
tests this past week; sophomores vs.
seniors, 8-1, and juniors vs. freshmen,
5-1.
Starting the second week of the
three-week hockey practice season,
sophomore and junior women's intey
class hockey teams will meet Monday
afternoon at 4:30 o'clock. Both the
soph and junior squads have won con
tests this past week; sophomores vs.
seniors, 8-1, and juniors vs. freshmen,
5-1.
Starting the second week of the
three-week hockey practice season,
sophomore and junior women's intey
class hockey teams will meet Monday
afternoon at 4:30 o'clock. Both the
soph and junior squads have won con
tests this past week; sophomores vs.
seniors, 8-1, and juniors vs. freshmen,
5-1.
Starting the second week of the
three-week hockey practice season,
sophomore and junior women's intey
class hockey teams will meet Monday
afternoon at 4:30 o'clock. Both the
soph and junior squads have won con
tests this past week; sophomores vs.
seniors, 8-1, and juniors vs. freshmen,
5-1.
Starting the second week of the
three-week hockey practice season,
sophomore and junior women's intey
class hockey teams will meet Monday
afternoon at 4:30 o'clock. Both the
soph and junior squads have won con
tests this past week; sophomores vs.
seniors, 8-1, and juniors vs. freshmen,
5-1.
Starting the second week of the
three-week hockey practice season,
sophomore and junior women's intey
class hockey teams will meet Monday
afternoon at 4:30 o'clock. Both the
soph and junior squads have won con
tests this past week; sophomores vs.
seniors, 8-1, and juniors vs. freshmen,
5-1.
Starting the second week of the
three-week hockey practice season,
sophomore and junior women's intey
class hockey teams will meet Monday
afternoon at 4:30 o'clock. Both the
soph and junior squads have won con
tests this past week; sophomores vs.
seniors, 8-1, and juniors vs. freshmen,
5-1.
Starting the second week of the
three-week hockey practice season,
sophomore and junior women's intey
class hockey teams will meet Monday
afternoon at 4:30 o'clock. Both the
soph and junior squads have won con
tests this past week; sophomores vs.
seniors, 8-1, and juniors vs. freshmen,
5-1.
Starting the second week of the
three-week hockey practice season,
sophomore and junior women's intey
class hockey teams will meet Monday
afternoon at 4:30 o'clock. Both the
soph and junior squads have won con
tests this past week; sophomores vs.
seniors, 8-1, and juniors vs. freshmen,
5-1.
Starting the second week of the
three-week hockey practice season,
sophomore and junior women's intey
class hockey teams will meet Monday
afternoon at 4:30 o'clock. Both the
soph and junior squads have won con
tests this past week; sophomores vs.
seniors, 8-1, and juniors vs. freshmen,
5-1.
Starting the second week of the
three-week hockey practice season,
sophomore and junior women's intey
class hockey teams will meet Monday
afternoon at 4:30 o'clock. Both the
soph and junior squads have won con
tests this past week; sophomores vs.
seniors, 8-1, and juniors vs. freshmen,
5-1.
Starting the second week of the
three-week hockey practice season,
sophomore and junior women's intey
class hockey teams will meet Monday
afternoon at 4:30 o'clock. Both the
soph and junior squads have won con
tests this past week; sophomores vs.
seniors, 8-1, and juniors vs. freshmen,
5-1.
