# KAPPAS MEET
## 
### 
The Kappa Kappa Gamma Alumni
Association of the locality held a
meeting at the chapter house on the
campus yesterday.
The Kappa Kappa Gamma Alumni
Association of the locality held a
meeting at the chapter house on the
campus yesterday.
The Kappa Kappa Gamma Alumni
Association of the locality held a
meeting at the chapter house on the
campus yesterday.
The Kappa Kappa Gamma Alumni
Association of the locality held a
meeting at the chapter house on the
campus yesterday.
The Kappa Kappa Gamma Alumni
Association of the locality held a
meeting at the chapter house on the
campus yesterday.
The Kappa Kappa Gamma Alumni
Association of the locality held a
meeting at the chapter house on the
campus yesterday.
The Kappa Kappa Gamma Alumni
Association of the locality held a
meeting at the chapter house on the
campus yesterday.
The Kappa Kappa Gamma Alumni
Association of the locality held a
meeting at the chapter house on the
campus yesterday.
The Kappa Kappa Gamma Alumni
Association of the locality held a
meeting at the chapter house on the
campus yesterday.
The Kappa Kappa Gamma Alumni
Association of the locality held a
meeting at the chapter house on the
campus yesterday.
The Kappa Kappa Gamma Alumni
Association of the locality held a
meeting at the chapter house on the
campus yesterday.
The Kappa Kappa Gamma Alumni
Association of the locality held a
meeting at the chapter house on the
campus yesterday.
The Kappa Kappa Gamma Alumni
Association of the locality held a
meeting at the chapter house on the
campus yesterday.
The Kappa Kappa Gamma Alumni
Association of the locality held a
meeting at the chapter house on the
campus yesterday.
The Kappa Kappa Gamma Alumni
Association of the locality held a
meeting at the chapter house on the
campus yesterday.
The Kappa Kappa Gamma Alumni
Association of the locality held a
meeting at the chapter house on the
campus yesterday.
The Kappa Kappa Gamma Alumni
Association of the locality held a
meeting at the chapter house on the
campus yesterday.
