# Faculty Women's Club To Hear Talk On Grand Opera
## 
### 
Mrs. Harris B. Clifton, wife of the
vice-president of the San Francisco
Grand Opera Association, will be the
speaker of the day at the meeting
held by the Faculty Women's Club
Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Her subject will
be "Behind the Scenes of Grand
Opera."
Mrs. Harris B. Clifton, wife of the
vice-president of the San Francisco
Grand Opera Association, will be the
speaker of the day at the meeting
held by the Faculty Women's Club
Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Her subject will
be "Behind the Scenes of Grand
Opera."
Mrs. Harris B. Clifton, wife of the
vice-president of the San Francisco
Grand Opera Association, will be the
speaker of the day at the meeting
held by the Faculty Women's Club
Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Her subject will
be "Behind the Scenes of Grand
Opera."
Mrs. Harris B. Clifton, wife of the
vice-president of the San Francisco
Grand Opera Association, will be the
speaker of the day at the meeting
held by the Faculty Women's Club
Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Her subject will
be "Behind the Scenes of Grand
Opera."
Mrs. Harris B. Clifton, wife of the
vice-president of the San Francisco
Grand Opera Association, will be the
speaker of the day at the meeting
held by the Faculty Women's Club
Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Her subject will
be "Behind the Scenes of Grand
Opera."
Mrs. Harris B. Clifton, wife of the
vice-president of the San Francisco
Grand Opera Association, will be the
speaker of the day at the meeting
held by the Faculty Women's Club
Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Her subject will
be "Behind the Scenes of Grand
Opera."
Mrs. Harris B. Clifton, wife of the
vice-president of the San Francisco
Grand Opera Association, will be the
speaker of the day at the meeting
held by the Faculty Women's Club
Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Her subject will
be "Behind the Scenes of Grand
Opera."
Mrs. Harris B. Clifton, wife of the
vice-president of the San Francisco
Grand Opera Association, will be the
speaker of the day at the meeting
held by the Faculty Women's Club
Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Her subject will
be "Behind the Scenes of Grand
Opera."
Mrs. Harris B. Clifton, wife of the
vice-president of the San Francisco
Grand Opera Association, will be the
speaker of the day at the meeting
held by the Faculty Women's Club
Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Her subject will
be "Behind the Scenes of Grand
Opera."
Mrs. Harris B. Clifton, wife of the
vice-president of the San Francisco
Grand Opera Association, will be the
speaker of the day at the meeting
held by the Faculty Women's Club
Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Her subject will
be "Behind the Scenes of Grand
Opera."
Mrs. Harris B. Clifton, wife of the
vice-president of the San Francisco
Grand Opera Association, will be the
speaker of the day at the meeting
held by the Faculty Women's Club
Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Her subject will
be "Behind the Scenes of Grand
Opera."
Mrs. Harris B. Clifton, wife of the
vice-president of the San Francisco
Grand Opera Association, will be the
speaker of the day at the meeting
held by the Faculty Women's Club
Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Her subject will
be "Behind the Scenes of Grand
Opera."
Mrs. Harris B. Clifton, wife of the
vice-president of the San Francisco
Grand Opera Association, will be the
speaker of the day at the meeting
held by the Faculty Women's Club
Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Her subject will
be "Behind the Scenes of Grand
Opera."
Mrs. Harris B. Clifton, wife of the
vice-president of the San Francisco
Grand Opera Association, will be the
speaker of the day at the meeting
held by the Faculty Women's Club
Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Her subject will
be "Behind the Scenes of Grand
Opera."
Mrs. Harris B. Clifton, wife of the
vice-president of the San Francisco
Grand Opera Association, will be the
speaker of the day at the meeting
held by the Faculty Women's Club
Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Her subject will
be "Behind the Scenes of Grand
Opera."
Mrs. Harris B. Clifton, wife of the
vice-president of the San Francisco
Grand Opera Association, will be the
speaker of the day at the meeting
held by the Faculty Women's Club
Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Her subject will
be "Behind the Scenes of Grand
Opera."
Mrs. Harris B. Clifton, wife of the
vice-president of the San Francisco
Grand Opera Association, will be the
speaker of the day at the meeting
held by the Faculty Women's Club
Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Her subject will
be "Behind the Scenes of Grand
Opera."
