# TENNIS TOURNAMENT ON MAY 17
## 
### 
Saturday, May 17, is the date set
for the big tennis tournament on the
Stanford courts. Entry into the tourney
is open without restriction to all mem
bers of the University. As this event
is to be one of the most important
features of the tennis season, a big turn
out and some keen competition on the
part of the tennis enthusiasts is ex
pected.
Through the influence of Seymour

Turner, '21, a trophy, to be known as
the Hastings cup, has been offered for
the winner, by the Hastings Clothing
Company of San Francisco. The cup,
however, will not become the permanent
property of the victor, until he has ac
complished three successive winnings.
The names of all those desiring to
compete must be turned in to Paul
Kinney or Arthur Devlin, before Thurs
day of this week. Entrance fee to the
tournament will be seventy-five cents.
Saturday, May 17, is the date set
for the big tennis tournament on the
Stanford courts. Entry into the tourney
is open without restriction to all mem
bers of the University. As this event
is to be one of the most important
features of the tennis season, a big turn
out and some keen competition on the
part of the tennis enthusiasts is ex
pected.
Through the influence of Seymour

Turner, '21, a trophy, to be known as
the Hastings cup, has been offered for
the winner, by the Hastings Clothing
Company of San Francisco. The cup,
however, will not become the permanent
property of the victor, until he has ac
complished three successive winnings.
The names of all those desiring to
compete must be turned in to Paul
Kinney or Arthur Devlin, before Thurs
day of this week. Entrance fee to the
tournament will be seventy-five cents.
Saturday, May 17, is the date set
for the big tennis tournament on the
Stanford courts. Entry into the tourney
is open without restriction to all mem
bers of the University. As this event
is to be one of the most important
features of the tennis season, a big turn
out and some keen competition on the
part of the tennis enthusiasts is ex
pected.
Through the influence of Seymour

Turner, '21, a trophy, to be known as
the Hastings cup, has been offered for
the winner, by the Hastings Clothing
Company of San Francisco. The cup,
however, will not become the permanent
property of the victor, until he has ac
complished three successive winnings.
The names of all those desiring to
compete must be turned in to Paul
Kinney or Arthur Devlin, before Thurs
day of this week. Entrance fee to the
tournament will be seventy-five cents.
Saturday, May 17, is the date set
for the big tennis tournament on the
Stanford courts. Entry into the tourney
is open without restriction to all mem
bers of the University. As this event
is to be one of the most important
features of the tennis season, a big turn
out and some keen competition on the
part of the tennis enthusiasts is ex
pected.
Through the influence of Seymour

Turner, '21, a trophy, to be known as
the Hastings cup, has been offered for
the winner, by the Hastings Clothing
Company of San Francisco. The cup,
however, will not become the permanent
property of the victor, until he has ac
complished three successive winnings.
The names of all those desiring to
compete must be turned in to Paul
Kinney or Arthur Devlin, before Thurs
day of this week. Entrance fee to the
tournament will be seventy-five cents.
Saturday, May 17, is the date set
for the big tennis tournament on the
Stanford courts. Entry into the tourney
is open without restriction to all mem
bers of the University. As this event
is to be one of the most important
features of the tennis season, a big turn
out and some keen competition on the
part of the tennis enthusiasts is ex
pected.
Through the influence of Seymour

Turner, '21, a trophy, to be known as
the Hastings cup, has been offered for
the winner, by the Hastings Clothing
Company of San Francisco. The cup,
however, will not become the permanent
property of the victor, until he has ac
complished three successive winnings.
The names of all those desiring to
compete must be turned in to Paul
Kinney or Arthur Devlin, before Thurs
day of this week. Entrance fee to the
tournament will be seventy-five cents.
Saturday, May 17, is the date set
for the big tennis tournament on the
Stanford courts. Entry into the tourney
is open without restriction to all mem
bers of the University. As this event
is to be one of the most important
features of the tennis season, a big turn
out and some keen competition on the
part of the tennis enthusiasts is ex
pected.
Through the influence of Seymour

Turner, '21, a trophy, to be known as
the Hastings cup, has been offered for
the winner, by the Hastings Clothing
Company of San Francisco. The cup,
however, will not become the permanent
property of the victor, until he has ac
complished three successive winnings.
The names of all those desiring to
compete must be turned in to Paul
Kinney or Arthur Devlin, before Thurs
day of this week. Entrance fee to the
tournament will be seventy-five cents.
Saturday, May 17, is the date set
for the big tennis tournament on the
Stanford courts. Entry into the tourney
is open without restriction to all mem
bers of the University. As this event
is to be one of the most important
features of the tennis season, a big turn
out and some keen competition on the
part of the tennis enthusiasts is ex
pected.
Through the influence of Seymour

Turner, '21, a trophy, to be known as
the Hastings cup, has been offered for
the winner, by the Hastings Clothing
Company of San Francisco. The cup,
however, will not become the permanent
property of the victor, until he has ac
complished three successive winnings.
The names of all those desiring to
compete must be turned in to Paul
Kinney or Arthur Devlin, before Thurs
day of this week. Entrance fee to the
tournament will be seventy-five cents.
Saturday, May 17, is the date set
for the big tennis tournament on the
Stanford courts. Entry into the tourney
is open without restriction to all mem
bers of the University. As this event
is to be one of the most important
features of the tennis season, a big turn
out and some keen competition on the
part of the tennis enthusiasts is ex
pected.
Through the influence of Seymour

Turner, '21, a trophy, to be known as
the Hastings cup, has been offered for
the winner, by the Hastings Clothing
Company of San Francisco. The cup,
however, will not become the permanent
property of the victor, until he has ac
complished three successive winnings.
The names of all those desiring to
compete must be turned in to Paul
Kinney or Arthur Devlin, before Thurs
day of this week. Entrance fee to the
tournament will be seventy-five cents.
Saturday, May 17, is the date set
for the big tennis tournament on the
Stanford courts. Entry into the tourney
is open without restriction to all mem
bers of the University. As this event
is to be one of the most important
features of the tennis season, a big turn
out and some keen competition on the
part of the tennis enthusiasts is ex
pected.
Through the influence of Seymour

Turner, '21, a trophy, to be known as
the Hastings cup, has been offered for
the winner, by the Hastings Clothing
Company of San Francisco. The cup,
however, will not become the permanent
property of the victor, until he has ac
complished three successive winnings.
The names of all those desiring to
compete must be turned in to Paul
Kinney or Arthur Devlin, before Thurs
day of this week. Entrance fee to the
tournament will be seventy-five cents.
Saturday, May 17, is the date set
for the big tennis tournament on the
Stanford courts. Entry into the tourney
is open without restriction to all mem
bers of the University. As this event
is to be one of the most important
features of the tennis season, a big turn
out and some keen competition on the
part of the tennis enthusiasts is ex
pected.
Through the influence of Seymour

Turner, '21, a trophy, to be known as
the Hastings cup, has been offered for
the winner, by the Hastings Clothing
Company of San Francisco. The cup,
however, will not become the permanent
property of the victor, until he has ac
complished three successive winnings.
The names of all those desiring to
compete must be turned in to Paul
Kinney or Arthur Devlin, before Thurs
day of this week. Entrance fee to the
tournament will be seventy-five cents.
Saturday, May 17, is the date set
for the big tennis tournament on the
Stanford courts. Entry into the tourney
is open without restriction to all mem
bers of the University. As this event
is to be one of the most important
features of the tennis season, a big turn
out and some keen competition on the
part of the tennis enthusiasts is ex
pected.
Through the influence of Seymour

Turner, '21, a trophy, to be known as
the Hastings cup, has been offered for
the winner, by the Hastings Clothing
Company of San Francisco. The cup,
however, will not become the permanent
property of the victor, until he has ac
complished three successive winnings.
The names of all those desiring to
compete must be turned in to Paul
Kinney or Arthur Devlin, before Thurs
day of this week. Entrance fee to the
tournament will be seventy-five cents.
Saturday, May 17, is the date set
for the big tennis tournament on the
Stanford courts. Entry into the tourney
is open without restriction to all mem
bers of the University. As this event
is to be one of the most important
features of the tennis season, a big turn
out and some keen competition on the
part of the tennis enthusiasts is ex
pected.
Through the influence of Seymour

Turner, '21, a trophy, to be known as
the Hastings cup, has been offered for
the winner, by the Hastings Clothing
Company of San Francisco. The cup,
however, will not become the permanent
property of the victor, until he has ac
complished three successive winnings.
The names of all those desiring to
compete must be turned in to Paul
Kinney or Arthur Devlin, before Thurs
day of this week. Entrance fee to the
tournament will be seventy-five cents.
Saturday, May 17, is the date set
for the big tennis tournament on the
Stanford courts. Entry into the tourney
is open without restriction to all mem
bers of the University. As this event
is to be one of the most important
features of the tennis season, a big turn
out and some keen competition on the
part of the tennis enthusiasts is ex
pected.
Through the influence of Seymour

Turner, '21, a trophy, to be known as
the Hastings cup, has been offered for
the winner, by the Hastings Clothing
Company of San Francisco. The cup,
however, will not become the permanent
property of the victor, until he has ac
complished three successive winnings.
The names of all those desiring to
compete must be turned in to Paul
Kinney or Arthur Devlin, before Thurs
day of this week. Entrance fee to the
tournament will be seventy-five cents.
