# STANFORD PROFESSOR ON PALO ALTO COUNCIL
## 
### 
Two Stanford professors will be
members of the Palo Alto town coun
cil for six years as the result of a
municipal election for five councilmen
yesterday. Professor A. M. Cathcart
of the Law department, and Professor
R. E. Swain of the Chemistry depart
ment were two of the three men elect
ed, E. C. Thoits being the other man
to be elected. Election of two more
members for the long term will be
held In the near future, there being
no majority among the other four
candidates, which are Miss lEmma
Blai, E. T. Cashel, W. P. Miller, and
H. L. Terwilleger.
For the first, time in the history of
Palo Alto a woman was elected to be
a member of the town council, Mrs.
Dennison Wilkes Thomas receiving
that honor at the election. Mrs.
Thomas and O.M. Easterday were
elected fbr the short term of two
years.
Two Stanford professors will be
members of the Palo Alto town coun
cil for six years as the result of a
municipal election for five councilmen
yesterday. Professor A. M. Cathcart
of the Law department, and Professor
R. E. Swain of the Chemistry depart
ment were two of the three men elect
ed, E. C. Thoits being the other man
to be elected. Election of two more
members for the long term will be
held In the near future, there being
no majority among the other four
candidates, which are Miss lEmma
Blai, E. T. Cashel, W. P. Miller, and
H. L. Terwilleger.
For the first, time in the history of
Palo Alto a woman was elected to be
a member of the town council, Mrs.
Dennison Wilkes Thomas receiving
that honor at the election. Mrs.
Thomas and O.M. Easterday were
elected fbr the short term of two
years.
Two Stanford professors will be
members of the Palo Alto town coun
cil for six years as the result of a
municipal election for five councilmen
yesterday. Professor A. M. Cathcart
of the Law department, and Professor
R. E. Swain of the Chemistry depart
ment were two of the three men elect
ed, E. C. Thoits being the other man
to be elected. Election of two more
members for the long term will be
held In the near future, there being
no majority among the other four
candidates, which are Miss lEmma
Blai, E. T. Cashel, W. P. Miller, and
H. L. Terwilleger.
For the first, time in the history of
Palo Alto a woman was elected to be
a member of the town council, Mrs.
Dennison Wilkes Thomas receiving
that honor at the election. Mrs.
Thomas and O.M. Easterday were
elected fbr the short term of two
years.
Two Stanford professors will be
members of the Palo Alto town coun
cil for six years as the result of a
municipal election for five councilmen
yesterday. Professor A. M. Cathcart
of the Law department, and Professor
R. E. Swain of the Chemistry depart
ment were two of the three men elect
ed, E. C. Thoits being the other man
to be elected. Election of two more
members for the long term will be
held In the near future, there being
no majority among the other four
candidates, which are Miss lEmma
Blai, E. T. Cashel, W. P. Miller, and
H. L. Terwilleger.
For the first, time in the history of
Palo Alto a woman was elected to be
a member of the town council, Mrs.
Dennison Wilkes Thomas receiving
that honor at the election. Mrs.
Thomas and O.M. Easterday were
elected fbr the short term of two
years.
Two Stanford professors will be
members of the Palo Alto town coun
cil for six years as the result of a
municipal election for five councilmen
yesterday. Professor A. M. Cathcart
of the Law department, and Professor
R. E. Swain of the Chemistry depart
ment were two of the three men elect
ed, E. C. Thoits being the other man
to be elected. Election of two more
members for the long term will be
held In the near future, there being
no majority among the other four
candidates, which are Miss lEmma
Blai, E. T. Cashel, W. P. Miller, and
H. L. Terwilleger.
For the first, time in the history of
Palo Alto a woman was elected to be
a member of the town council, Mrs.
Dennison Wilkes Thomas receiving
that honor at the election. Mrs.
Thomas and O.M. Easterday were
elected fbr the short term of two
years.
Two Stanford professors will be
members of the Palo Alto town coun
cil for six years as the result of a
municipal election for five councilmen
yesterday. Professor A. M. Cathcart
of the Law department, and Professor
R. E. Swain of the Chemistry depart
ment were two of the three men elect
ed, E. C. Thoits being the other man
to be elected. Election of two more
members for the long term will be
held In the near future, there being
no majority among the other four
candidates, which are Miss lEmma
Blai, E. T. Cashel, W. P. Miller, and
H. L. Terwilleger.
For the first, time in the history of
Palo Alto a woman was elected to be
a member of the town council, Mrs.
Dennison Wilkes Thomas receiving
that honor at the election. Mrs.
Thomas and O.M. Easterday were
elected fbr the short term of two
years.
Two Stanford professors will be
members of the Palo Alto town coun
cil for six years as the result of a
municipal election for five councilmen
yesterday. Professor A. M. Cathcart
of the Law department, and Professor
R. E. Swain of the Chemistry depart
ment were two of the three men elect
ed, E. C. Thoits being the other man
to be elected. Election of two more
members for the long term will be
held In the near future, there being
no majority among the other four
candidates, which are Miss lEmma
Blai, E. T. Cashel, W. P. Miller, and
H. L. Terwilleger.
For the first, time in the history of
Palo Alto a woman was elected to be
a member of the town council, Mrs.
Dennison Wilkes Thomas receiving
that honor at the election. Mrs.
Thomas and O.M. Easterday were
elected fbr the short term of two
years.
Two Stanford professors will be
members of the Palo Alto town coun
cil for six years as the result of a
municipal election for five councilmen
yesterday. Professor A. M. Cathcart
of the Law department, and Professor
R. E. Swain of the Chemistry depart
ment were two of the three men elect
ed, E. C. Thoits being the other man
to be elected. Election of two more
members for the long term will be
held In the near future, there being
no majority among the other four
candidates, which are Miss lEmma
Blai, E. T. Cashel, W. P. Miller, and
H. L. Terwilleger.
For the first, time in the history of
Palo Alto a woman was elected to be
a member of the town council, Mrs.
Dennison Wilkes Thomas receiving
that honor at the election. Mrs.
Thomas and O.M. Easterday were
elected fbr the short term of two
years.
Two Stanford professors will be
members of the Palo Alto town coun
cil for six years as the result of a
municipal election for five councilmen
yesterday. Professor A. M. Cathcart
of the Law department, and Professor
R. E. Swain of the Chemistry depart
ment were two of the three men elect
ed, E. C. Thoits being the other man
to be elected. Election of two more
members for the long term will be
held In the near future, there being
no majority among the other four
candidates, which are Miss lEmma
Blai, E. T. Cashel, W. P. Miller, and
H. L. Terwilleger.
For the first, time in the history of
Palo Alto a woman was elected to be
a member of the town council, Mrs.
Dennison Wilkes Thomas receiving
that honor at the election. Mrs.
Thomas and O.M. Easterday were
elected fbr the short term of two
years.
Two Stanford professors will be
members of the Palo Alto town coun
cil for six years as the result of a
municipal election for five councilmen
yesterday. Professor A. M. Cathcart
of the Law department, and Professor
R. E. Swain of the Chemistry depart
ment were two of the three men elect
ed, E. C. Thoits being the other man
to be elected. Election of two more
members for the long term will be
held In the near future, there being
no majority among the other four
candidates, which are Miss lEmma
Blai, E. T. Cashel, W. P. Miller, and
H. L. Terwilleger.
For the first, time in the history of
Palo Alto a woman was elected to be
a member of the town council, Mrs.
Dennison Wilkes Thomas receiving
that honor at the election. Mrs.
Thomas and O.M. Easterday were
elected fbr the short term of two
years.
Two Stanford professors will be
members of the Palo Alto town coun
cil for six years as the result of a
municipal election for five councilmen
yesterday. Professor A. M. Cathcart
of the Law department, and Professor
R. E. Swain of the Chemistry depart
ment were two of the three men elect
ed, E. C. Thoits being the other man
to be elected. Election of two more
members for the long term will be
held In the near future, there being
no majority among the other four
candidates, which are Miss lEmma
Blai, E. T. Cashel, W. P. Miller, and
H. L. Terwilleger.
For the first, time in the history of
Palo Alto a woman was elected to be
a member of the town council, Mrs.
Dennison Wilkes Thomas receiving
that honor at the election. Mrs.
Thomas and O.M. Easterday were
elected fbr the short term of two
years.
Two Stanford professors will be
members of the Palo Alto town coun
cil for six years as the result of a
municipal election for five councilmen
yesterday. Professor A. M. Cathcart
of the Law department, and Professor
R. E. Swain of the Chemistry depart
ment were two of the three men elect
ed, E. C. Thoits being the other man
to be elected. Election of two more
members for the long term will be
held In the near future, there being
no majority among the other four
candidates, which are Miss lEmma
Blai, E. T. Cashel, W. P. Miller, and
H. L. Terwilleger.
For the first, time in the history of
Palo Alto a woman was elected to be
a member of the town council, Mrs.
Dennison Wilkes Thomas receiving
that honor at the election. Mrs.
Thomas and O.M. Easterday were
elected fbr the short term of two
years.
Two Stanford professors will be
members of the Palo Alto town coun
cil for six years as the result of a
municipal election for five councilmen
yesterday. Professor A. M. Cathcart
of the Law department, and Professor
R. E. Swain of the Chemistry depart
ment were two of the three men elect
ed, E. C. Thoits being the other man
to be elected. Election of two more
members for the long term will be
held In the near future, there being
no majority among the other four
candidates, which are Miss lEmma
Blai, E. T. Cashel, W. P. Miller, and
H. L. Terwilleger.
For the first, time in the history of
Palo Alto a woman was elected to be
a member of the town council, Mrs.
Dennison Wilkes Thomas receiving
that honor at the election. Mrs.
Thomas and O.M. Easterday were
elected fbr the short term of two
years.
