# Major Sanford Addresses Service Men
## 
### 
A large number of Stanford service
men, including several overseas men,
attended the talk given by Major San
born of the Canadian Expeditionary
Forces at the lake last evening. The
meeting was the result of the work
of Dr. D. Charles Gardner, chaplain
of the University, and the Y. M. C.
A. of Stanford, who arranged for the
talk with the view of promoting bet
ter Christian spirit among the men
who wore uniforms and spreading it
through them to the large mass of
those with fhom they come in contact.
Major Sanborn opened his talk with
a brief review of his own part in the
war. He spoke of his conversion from
a pro-German American to a Canadian
officer, and attributed the change to
the work of the War Department cir
culars which exposed the German war
methods and aims in the early part
of our entrance into the war. Major
Sanborn has seen a great amount of
fighting during his two and one-half

years of service, and was present at
the big battles of Ypres and Mons.
He related several interesting inci
dent of the Verdun attack and the
battle of Mons, which lew! a great
deal of added interest to his talk.
There were a number of distinct in
stances of German delay," he said,
"any one of which might have been
turned to a vital victory for the Cen
tral Powers, but which were allowed
to slip by and the opportunity lost
by the arrival of French reinforce
ments." He cited the attack at Ver
dun, when only twenty-five men held
the town, as an example. He also
spoke of the German attack at St.
Mihiel, which failed because of an
unexpected epidemic of influenza
among their front rank troops, which
delayed the advance when the French
retreated.
Following these anecdotes of the
great war, Major Sanborn spoke of
