# SEQUOIA SOCCERITES CHALLENGE ENCINA
## 
### 
Soccer will soon take its place among
the intramural sports of the University
under the comprehensive plan outlined
by Director C. S. Botsford. Many teams
are being organized among the various
living groups and Mr. Botsford expects
soon to have a schedule worked out
among the teams.
Sequoia Club has challenged Encina
to a soccer game next Wednesday after
noon at 4:20. The challengers have put
out no limit for the teams except that
only five varsity soccer men may play
on each side.
Soccer will soon take its place among
the intramural sports of the University
under the comprehensive plan outlined
by Director C. S. Botsford. Many teams
are being organized among the various
living groups and Mr. Botsford expects
soon to have a schedule worked out
among the teams.
Sequoia Club has challenged Encina
to a soccer game next Wednesday after
noon at 4:20. The challengers have put
out no limit for the teams except that
only five varsity soccer men may play
on each side.
Soccer will soon take its place among
the intramural sports of the University
under the comprehensive plan outlined
by Director C. S. Botsford. Many teams
are being organized among the various
living groups and Mr. Botsford expects
soon to have a schedule worked out
among the teams.
Sequoia Club has challenged Encina
to a soccer game next Wednesday after
noon at 4:20. The challengers have put
out no limit for the teams except that
only five varsity soccer men may play
on each side.
Soccer will soon take its place among
the intramural sports of the University
under the comprehensive plan outlined
by Director C. S. Botsford. Many teams
are being organized among the various
living groups and Mr. Botsford expects
soon to have a schedule worked out
among the teams.
Sequoia Club has challenged Encina
to a soccer game next Wednesday after
noon at 4:20. The challengers have put
out no limit for the teams except that
only five varsity soccer men may play
on each side.
Soccer will soon take its place among
the intramural sports of the University
under the comprehensive plan outlined
by Director C. S. Botsford. Many teams
are being organized among the various
living groups and Mr. Botsford expects
soon to have a schedule worked out
among the teams.
Sequoia Club has challenged Encina
to a soccer game next Wednesday after
noon at 4:20. The challengers have put
out no limit for the teams except that
only five varsity soccer men may play
on each side.
Soccer will soon take its place among
the intramural sports of the University
under the comprehensive plan outlined
by Director C. S. Botsford. Many teams
are being organized among the various
living groups and Mr. Botsford expects
soon to have a schedule worked out
among the teams.
Sequoia Club has challenged Encina
to a soccer game next Wednesday after
noon at 4:20. The challengers have put
out no limit for the teams except that
only five varsity soccer men may play
on each side.
Soccer will soon take its place among
the intramural sports of the University
under the comprehensive plan outlined
by Director C. S. Botsford. Many teams
are being organized among the various
living groups and Mr. Botsford expects
soon to have a schedule worked out
among the teams.
Sequoia Club has challenged Encina
to a soccer game next Wednesday after
noon at 4:20. The challengers have put
out no limit for the teams except that
only five varsity soccer men may play
on each side.
Soccer will soon take its place among
the intramural sports of the University
under the comprehensive plan outlined
by Director C. S. Botsford. Many teams
are being organized among the various
living groups and Mr. Botsford expects
soon to have a schedule worked out
among the teams.
Sequoia Club has challenged Encina
to a soccer game next Wednesday after
noon at 4:20. The challengers have put
out no limit for the teams except that
only five varsity soccer men may play
on each side.
Soccer will soon take its place among
the intramural sports of the University
under the comprehensive plan outlined
by Director C. S. Botsford. Many teams
are being organized among the various
living groups and Mr. Botsford expects
soon to have a schedule worked out
among the teams.
Sequoia Club has challenged Encina
to a soccer game next Wednesday after
noon at 4:20. The challengers have put
out no limit for the teams except that
only five varsity soccer men may play
on each side.
Soccer will soon take its place among
the intramural sports of the University
under the comprehensive plan outlined
by Director C. S. Botsford. Many teams
are being organized among the various
living groups and Mr. Botsford expects
soon to have a schedule worked out
among the teams.
Sequoia Club has challenged Encina
to a soccer game next Wednesday after
noon at 4:20. The challengers have put
out no limit for the teams except that
only five varsity soccer men may play
on each side.
Soccer will soon take its place among
the intramural sports of the University
under the comprehensive plan outlined
by Director C. S. Botsford. Many teams
are being organized among the various
living groups and Mr. Botsford expects
soon to have a schedule worked out
among the teams.
Sequoia Club has challenged Encina
to a soccer game next Wednesday after
noon at 4:20. The challengers have put
out no limit for the teams except that
only five varsity soccer men may play
on each side.
Soccer will soon take its place among
the intramural sports of the University
under the comprehensive plan outlined
by Director C. S. Botsford. Many teams
are being organized among the various
living groups and Mr. Botsford expects
soon to have a schedule worked out
among the teams.
Sequoia Club has challenged Encina
to a soccer game next Wednesday after
noon at 4:20. The challengers have put
out no limit for the teams except that
only five varsity soccer men may play
on each side.
