# Adv. 32 Page 6
## 
### 
present new
spring styles
for every
occasion
6
new sport dresses
Case's brilliant sport
frocks distinguish the
College Girl by their
artful precision of cut,
. their charming color
combinations, and the
newest of sport fab
rics !
261 University Ave.
present new
spring styles
for every
occasion
6
new sport dresses
Case's brilliant sport
frocks distinguish the
College Girl by their
artful precision of cut,
. their charming color
combinations, and the
newest of sport fab
rics !
261 University Ave.
present new
spring styles
for every
occasion
6
new sport dresses
Case's brilliant sport
frocks distinguish the
College Girl by their
artful precision of cut,
. their charming color
combinations, and the
newest of sport fab
rics !
261 University Ave.
present new
spring styles
for every
occasion
6
new sport dresses
Case's brilliant sport
frocks distinguish the
College Girl by their
artful precision of cut,
. their charming color
combinations, and the
newest of sport fab
rics !
261 University Ave.
present new
spring styles
for every
occasion
6
new sport dresses
Case's brilliant sport
frocks distinguish the
College Girl by their
artful precision of cut,
. their charming color
combinations, and the
newest of sport fab
rics !
261 University Ave.
present new
spring styles
for every
occasion
6
new sport dresses
Case's brilliant sport
frocks distinguish the
College Girl by their
artful precision of cut,
. their charming color
combinations, and the
newest of sport fab
rics !
261 University Ave.
present new
spring styles
for every
occasion
6
new sport dresses
Case's brilliant sport
frocks distinguish the
College Girl by their
artful precision of cut,
. their charming color
combinations, and the
newest of sport fab
rics !
261 University Ave.
present new
spring styles
for every
occasion
6
new sport dresses
Case's brilliant sport
frocks distinguish the
College Girl by their
artful precision of cut,
. their charming color
combinations, and the
newest of sport fab
rics !
261 University Ave.
present new
spring styles
for every
occasion
6
new sport dresses
Case's brilliant sport
frocks distinguish the
College Girl by their
artful precision of cut,
. their charming color
combinations, and the
newest of sport fab
rics !
261 University Ave.
present new
spring styles
for every
occasion
6
new sport dresses
Case's brilliant sport
frocks distinguish the
College Girl by their
artful precision of cut,
. their charming color
combinations, and the
newest of sport fab
rics !
261 University Ave.
present new
spring styles
for every
occasion
6
new sport dresses
Case's brilliant sport
frocks distinguish the
College Girl by their
artful precision of cut,
. their charming color
combinations, and the
newest of sport fab
rics !
261 University Ave.
present new
spring styles
for every
occasion
6
new sport dresses
Case's brilliant sport
frocks distinguish the
College Girl by their
artful precision of cut,
. their charming color
combinations, and the
newest of sport fab
rics !
261 University Ave.
present new
spring styles
for every
occasion
6
new sport dresses
Case's brilliant sport
frocks distinguish the
College Girl by their
artful precision of cut,
. their charming color
combinations, and the
newest of sport fab
rics !
261 University Ave.
present new
spring styles
for every
occasion
6
new sport dresses
Case's brilliant sport
frocks distinguish the
College Girl by their
artful precision of cut,
. their charming color
combinations, and the
newest of sport fab
rics !
261 University Ave.
present new
spring styles
for every
occasion
6
new sport dresses
Case's brilliant sport
frocks distinguish the
College Girl by their
artful precision of cut,
. their charming color
combinations, and the
newest of sport fab
rics !
261 University Ave.
