# Republican Heads Attend International Rugby Game
## 
### 
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, Herbert
Hoover, and Ogden Mills, leaders of
the Republican Administration, at
tended the Stanford-British Colum
bia rugby tame here yesterday after
noon .
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, Herbert
Hoover, and Ogden Mills, leaders of
the Republican Administration, at
tended the Stanford-British Colum
bia rugby tame here yesterday after
noon .
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, Herbert
Hoover, and Ogden Mills, leaders of
the Republican Administration, at
tended the Stanford-British Colum
bia rugby tame here yesterday after
noon .
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, Herbert
Hoover, and Ogden Mills, leaders of
the Republican Administration, at
tended the Stanford-British Colum
bia rugby tame here yesterday after
noon .
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, Herbert
Hoover, and Ogden Mills, leaders of
the Republican Administration, at
tended the Stanford-British Colum
bia rugby tame here yesterday after
noon .
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, Herbert
Hoover, and Ogden Mills, leaders of
the Republican Administration, at
tended the Stanford-British Colum
bia rugby tame here yesterday after
noon .
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, Herbert
Hoover, and Ogden Mills, leaders of
the Republican Administration, at
tended the Stanford-British Colum
bia rugby tame here yesterday after
noon .
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, Herbert
Hoover, and Ogden Mills, leaders of
the Republican Administration, at
tended the Stanford-British Colum
bia rugby tame here yesterday after
noon .
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, Herbert
Hoover, and Ogden Mills, leaders of
the Republican Administration, at
tended the Stanford-British Colum
bia rugby tame here yesterday after
noon .
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, Herbert
Hoover, and Ogden Mills, leaders of
the Republican Administration, at
tended the Stanford-British Colum
bia rugby tame here yesterday after
noon .
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, Herbert
Hoover, and Ogden Mills, leaders of
the Republican Administration, at
tended the Stanford-British Colum
bia rugby tame here yesterday after
noon .
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, Herbert
Hoover, and Ogden Mills, leaders of
the Republican Administration, at
tended the Stanford-British Colum
bia rugby tame here yesterday after
noon .
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, Herbert
Hoover, and Ogden Mills, leaders of
the Republican Administration, at
tended the Stanford-British Colum
bia rugby tame here yesterday after
noon .
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, Herbert
Hoover, and Ogden Mills, leaders of
the Republican Administration, at
tended the Stanford-British Colum
bia rugby tame here yesterday after
noon .
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, Herbert
Hoover, and Ogden Mills, leaders of
the Republican Administration, at
tended the Stanford-British Colum
bia rugby tame here yesterday after
noon .
