# Swagger Coat
## 
### 

Copyright, 1934, by Fair child.
Moss green crepes make the
swagger coat with an individual
treatment in the quilted padded
wings over the shoulders matched
by the pockets and cuffs. It is
worn over a white moss crepe
frock with green tabs 0/ ribbon
at tlte neckline.

Copyright, 1934, by Fair child.
Moss green crepes make the
swagger coat with an individual
treatment in the quilted padded
wings over the shoulders matched
by the pockets and cuffs. It is
worn over a white moss crepe
frock with green tabs 0/ ribbon
at tlte neckline.

Copyright, 1934, by Fair child.
Moss green crepes make the
swagger coat with an individual
treatment in the quilted padded
wings over the shoulders matched
by the pockets and cuffs. It is
worn over a white moss crepe
frock with green tabs 0/ ribbon
at tlte neckline.

Copyright, 1934, by Fair child.
Moss green crepes make the
swagger coat with an individual
treatment in the quilted padded
wings over the shoulders matched
by the pockets and cuffs. It is
worn over a white moss crepe
frock with green tabs 0/ ribbon
at tlte neckline.

Copyright, 1934, by Fair child.
Moss green crepes make the
swagger coat with an individual
treatment in the quilted padded
wings over the shoulders matched
by the pockets and cuffs. It is
worn over a white moss crepe
frock with green tabs 0/ ribbon
at tlte neckline.

Copyright, 1934, by Fair child.
Moss green crepes make the
swagger coat with an individual
treatment in the quilted padded
wings over the shoulders matched
by the pockets and cuffs. It is
worn over a white moss crepe
frock with green tabs 0/ ribbon
at tlte neckline.

Copyright, 1934, by Fair child.
Moss green crepes make the
swagger coat with an individual
treatment in the quilted padded
wings over the shoulders matched
by the pockets and cuffs. It is
worn over a white moss crepe
frock with green tabs 0/ ribbon
at tlte neckline.

Copyright, 1934, by Fair child.
Moss green crepes make the
swagger coat with an individual
treatment in the quilted padded
wings over the shoulders matched
by the pockets and cuffs. It is
worn over a white moss crepe
frock with green tabs 0/ ribbon
at tlte neckline.

Copyright, 1934, by Fair child.
Moss green crepes make the
swagger coat with an individual
treatment in the quilted padded
wings over the shoulders matched
by the pockets and cuffs. It is
worn over a white moss crepe
frock with green tabs 0/ ribbon
at tlte neckline.

Copyright, 1934, by Fair child.
Moss green crepes make the
swagger coat with an individual
treatment in the quilted padded
wings over the shoulders matched
by the pockets and cuffs. It is
worn over a white moss crepe
frock with green tabs 0/ ribbon
at tlte neckline.

Copyright, 1934, by Fair child.
Moss green crepes make the
swagger coat with an individual
treatment in the quilted padded
wings over the shoulders matched
by the pockets and cuffs. It is
worn over a white moss crepe
frock with green tabs 0/ ribbon
at tlte neckline.

Copyright, 1934, by Fair child.
Moss green crepes make the
swagger coat with an individual
treatment in the quilted padded
wings over the shoulders matched
by the pockets and cuffs. It is
worn over a white moss crepe
frock with green tabs 0/ ribbon
at tlte neckline.

Copyright, 1934, by Fair child.
Moss green crepes make the
swagger coat with an individual
treatment in the quilted padded
wings over the shoulders matched
by the pockets and cuffs. It is
worn over a white moss crepe
frock with green tabs 0/ ribbon
at tlte neckline.

Copyright, 1934, by Fair child.
Moss green crepes make the
swagger coat with an individual
treatment in the quilted padded
wings over the shoulders matched
by the pockets and cuffs. It is
worn over a white moss crepe
frock with green tabs 0/ ribbon
at tlte neckline.

Copyright, 1934, by Fair child.
Moss green crepes make the
swagger coat with an individual
treatment in the quilted padded
wings over the shoulders matched
by the pockets and cuffs. It is
worn over a white moss crepe
frock with green tabs 0/ ribbon
at tlte neckline.
