# Canoeists Chase Ducks, Get Ducking in Sewage
## 
### 
Spring fever which came rather
prematurely resulted in a dirty
ducking for two Theta Delts yester
day afternoon. Bitten with the urge
to canoe and chased from Lagunita ,
when they attempted to launch their j
ship there, they decided to go down j
to San Francisco Bay for their,
amusement.
When they reached the B;iy the
canoe was launched in the Palo Alto !
Yacht Harbor, and iheir "Argosy" 1
began. They loft the harbor undo- j
sure and made for tho bay.
Incident to their exit they en-1
countered the yacht harbor keeper's'
pet ducks and began chasing them.;
Unexpectedly one of the canoeists j
turned too far to one side, and the I
boat turned over, dumping them into 1
the bay, about 200 feet from the har
bor just where the Palo Alto sewage
Hows into the bay.

As the ducks sat back and rested
on their laurels the Theta Delts
swam* out to the islind much ham- 1
pered by the "rubbish'' which bobbed
on the surface of the bay. As they
sat on the island, soaking and smel
ling, the keeper of the harbor went
out and rescued the canoe, but an
swered their pleas for help only with
a yell that drifted to them about his
ducks.
A couple of well-meaning shore
residents who wished to rescue theni
noticed their cries and attempted to
rent ;i boat from the harbor keeper, j
But he refused, and that ended that.
Just before the sun set, two men
rowing on the bay noticed them and
effected a successful rescue. Once j
on land, without paying their com
pliments to the harbor master, they
hastened 1o the B.A.C. to discover
how much anti-toxin and perfume
they needed.
Spring fever which came rather
prematurely resulted in a dirty
ducking for two Theta Delts yester
day afternoon. Bitten with the urge
to canoe and chased from Lagunita ,
when they attempted to launch their j
ship there, they decided to go down j
to San Francisco Bay for their,
amusement.
When they reached the B;iy the
canoe was launched in the Palo Alto !
Yacht Harbor, and iheir "Argosy" 1
began. They loft the harbor undo- j
sure and made for tho bay.
Incident to their exit they en-1
countered the yacht harbor keeper's'
pet ducks and began chasing them.;
Unexpectedly one of the canoeists j
turned too far to one side, and the I
boat turned over, dumping them into 1
the bay, about 200 feet from the har
bor just where the Palo Alto sewage
Hows into the bay.

As the ducks sat back and rested
on their laurels the Theta Delts
swam* out to the islind much ham- 1
pered by the "rubbish'' which bobbed
on the surface of the bay. As they
sat on the island, soaking and smel
ling, the keeper of the harbor went
out and rescued the canoe, but an
swered their pleas for help only with
a yell that drifted to them about his
ducks.
A couple of well-meaning shore
residents who wished to rescue theni
noticed their cries and attempted to
rent ;i boat from the harbor keeper, j
But he refused, and that ended that.
Just before the sun set, two men
rowing on the bay noticed them and
effected a successful rescue. Once j
on land, without paying their com
pliments to the harbor master, they
hastened 1o the B.A.C. to discover
how much anti-toxin and perfume
they needed.
Spring fever which came rather
prematurely resulted in a dirty
ducking for two Theta Delts yester
day afternoon. Bitten with the urge
to canoe and chased from Lagunita ,
when they attempted to launch their j
ship there, they decided to go down j
to San Francisco Bay for their,
amusement.
When they reached the B;iy the
canoe was launched in the Palo Alto !
Yacht Harbor, and iheir "Argosy" 1
began. They loft the harbor undo- j
sure and made for tho bay.
Incident to their exit they en-1
countered the yacht harbor keeper's'
pet ducks and began chasing them.;
Unexpectedly one of the canoeists j
turned too far to one side, and the I
boat turned over, dumping them into 1
the bay, about 200 feet from the har
bor just where the Palo Alto sewage
Hows into the bay.

As the ducks sat back and rested
on their laurels the Theta Delts
swam* out to the islind much ham- 1
pered by the "rubbish'' which bobbed
on the surface of the bay. As they
sat on the island, soaking and smel
ling, the keeper of the harbor went
out and rescued the canoe, but an
swered their pleas for help only with
a yell that drifted to them about his
ducks.
A couple of well-meaning shore
residents who wished to rescue theni
noticed their cries and attempted to
rent ;i boat from the harbor keeper, j
But he refused, and that ended that.
Just before the sun set, two men
rowing on the bay noticed them and
effected a successful rescue. Once j
on land, without paying their com
pliments to the harbor master, they
hastened 1o the B.A.C. to discover
how much anti-toxin and perfume
they needed.
Spring fever which came rather
prematurely resulted in a dirty
ducking for two Theta Delts yester
day afternoon. Bitten with the urge
to canoe and chased from Lagunita ,
when they attempted to launch their j
ship there, they decided to go down j
to San Francisco Bay for their,
amusement.
When they reached the B;iy the
canoe was launched in the Palo Alto !
Yacht Harbor, and iheir "Argosy" 1
began. They loft the harbor undo- j
sure and made for tho bay.
Incident to their exit they en-1
countered the yacht harbor keeper's'
pet ducks and began chasing them.;
Unexpectedly one of the canoeists j
turned too far to one side, and the I
boat turned over, dumping them into 1
the bay, about 200 feet from the har
bor just where the Palo Alto sewage
Hows into the bay.

As the ducks sat back and rested
on their laurels the Theta Delts
swam* out to the islind much ham- 1
pered by the "rubbish'' which bobbed
on the surface of the bay. As they
sat on the island, soaking and smel
ling, the keeper of the harbor went
out and rescued the canoe, but an
swered their pleas for help only with
a yell that drifted to them about his
ducks.
A couple of well-meaning shore
residents who wished to rescue theni
noticed their cries and attempted to
rent ;i boat from the harbor keeper, j
But he refused, and that ended that.
Just before the sun set, two men
rowing on the bay noticed them and
effected a successful rescue. Once j
on land, without paying their com
pliments to the harbor master, they
hastened 1o the B.A.C. to discover
how much anti-toxin and perfume
they needed.
Spring fever which came rather
prematurely resulted in a dirty
ducking for two Theta Delts yester
day afternoon. Bitten with the urge
to canoe and chased from Lagunita ,
when they attempted to launch their j
ship there, they decided to go down j
to San Francisco Bay for their,
amusement.
When they reached the B;iy the
canoe was launched in the Palo Alto !
Yacht Harbor, and iheir "Argosy" 1
began. They loft the harbor undo- j
sure and made for tho bay.
Incident to their exit they en-1
countered the yacht harbor keeper's'
pet ducks and began chasing them.;
Unexpectedly one of the canoeists j
turned too far to one side, and the I
boat turned over, dumping them into 1
the bay, about 200 feet from the har
bor just where the Palo Alto sewage
Hows into the bay.

As the ducks sat back and rested
on their laurels the Theta Delts
swam* out to the islind much ham- 1
pered by the "rubbish'' which bobbed
on the surface of the bay. As they
sat on the island, soaking and smel
ling, the keeper of the harbor went
out and rescued the canoe, but an
swered their pleas for help only with
a yell that drifted to them about his
ducks.
A couple of well-meaning shore
residents who wished to rescue theni
noticed their cries and attempted to
rent ;i boat from the harbor keeper, j
But he refused, and that ended that.
Just before the sun set, two men
rowing on the bay noticed them and
effected a successful rescue. Once j
on land, without paying their com
pliments to the harbor master, they
hastened 1o the B.A.C. to discover
how much anti-toxin and perfume
they needed.
Spring fever which came rather
prematurely resulted in a dirty
ducking for two Theta Delts yester
day afternoon. Bitten with the urge
to canoe and chased from Lagunita ,
when they attempted to launch their j
ship there, they decided to go down j
to San Francisco Bay for their,
amusement.
When they reached the B;iy the
canoe was launched in the Palo Alto !
Yacht Harbor, and iheir "Argosy" 1
began. They loft the harbor undo- j
sure and made for tho bay.
Incident to their exit they en-1
countered the yacht harbor keeper's'
pet ducks and began chasing them.;
Unexpectedly one of the canoeists j
turned too far to one side, and the I
boat turned over, dumping them into 1
the bay, about 200 feet from the har
bor just where the Palo Alto sewage
Hows into the bay.

As the ducks sat back and rested
on their laurels the Theta Delts
swam* out to the islind much ham- 1
pered by the "rubbish'' which bobbed
on the surface of the bay. As they
sat on the island, soaking and smel
ling, the keeper of the harbor went
out and rescued the canoe, but an
swered their pleas for help only with
a yell that drifted to them about his
ducks.
A couple of well-meaning shore
residents who wished to rescue theni
noticed their cries and attempted to
rent ;i boat from the harbor keeper, j
But he refused, and that ended that.
Just before the sun set, two men
rowing on the bay noticed them and
effected a successful rescue. Once j
on land, without paying their com
pliments to the harbor master, they
hastened 1o the B.A.C. to discover
how much anti-toxin and perfume
they needed.
Spring fever which came rather
prematurely resulted in a dirty
ducking for two Theta Delts yester
day afternoon. Bitten with the urge
to canoe and chased from Lagunita ,
when they attempted to launch their j
ship there, they decided to go down j
to San Francisco Bay for their,
amusement.
When they reached the B;iy the
canoe was launched in the Palo Alto !
Yacht Harbor, and iheir "Argosy" 1
began. They loft the harbor undo- j
sure and made for tho bay.
Incident to their exit they en-1
countered the yacht harbor keeper's'
pet ducks and began chasing them.;
Unexpectedly one of the canoeists j
turned too far to one side, and the I
boat turned over, dumping them into 1
the bay, about 200 feet from the har
bor just where the Palo Alto sewage
Hows into the bay.

As the ducks sat back and rested
on their laurels the Theta Delts
swam* out to the islind much ham- 1
pered by the "rubbish'' which bobbed
on the surface of the bay. As they
sat on the island, soaking and smel
ling, the keeper of the harbor went
out and rescued the canoe, but an
swered their pleas for help only with
a yell that drifted to them about his
ducks.
A couple of well-meaning shore
residents who wished to rescue theni
noticed their cries and attempted to
rent ;i boat from the harbor keeper, j
But he refused, and that ended that.
Just before the sun set, two men
rowing on the bay noticed them and
effected a successful rescue. Once j
on land, without paying their com
pliments to the harbor master, they
hastened 1o the B.A.C. to discover
how much anti-toxin and perfume
they needed.
Spring fever which came rather
prematurely resulted in a dirty
ducking for two Theta Delts yester
day afternoon. Bitten with the urge
to canoe and chased from Lagunita ,
when they attempted to launch their j
ship there, they decided to go down j
to San Francisco Bay for their,
amusement.
When they reached the B;iy the
canoe was launched in the Palo Alto !
Yacht Harbor, and iheir "Argosy" 1
began. They loft the harbor undo- j
sure and made for tho bay.
Incident to their exit they en-1
countered the yacht harbor keeper's'
pet ducks and began chasing them.;
Unexpectedly one of the canoeists j
turned too far to one side, and the I
boat turned over, dumping them into 1
the bay, about 200 feet from the har
bor just where the Palo Alto sewage
Hows into the bay.

As the ducks sat back and rested
on their laurels the Theta Delts
swam* out to the islind much ham- 1
pered by the "rubbish'' which bobbed
on the surface of the bay. As they
sat on the island, soaking and smel
ling, the keeper of the harbor went
out and rescued the canoe, but an
swered their pleas for help only with
a yell that drifted to them about his
ducks.
A couple of well-meaning shore
residents who wished to rescue theni
noticed their cries and attempted to
rent ;i boat from the harbor keeper, j
But he refused, and that ended that.
Just before the sun set, two men
rowing on the bay noticed them and
effected a successful rescue. Once j
on land, without paying their com
pliments to the harbor master, they
hastened 1o the B.A.C. to discover
how much anti-toxin and perfume
they needed.
Spring fever which came rather
prematurely resulted in a dirty
ducking for two Theta Delts yester
day afternoon. Bitten with the urge
to canoe and chased from Lagunita ,
when they attempted to launch their j
ship there, they decided to go down j
to San Francisco Bay for their,
amusement.
When they reached the B;iy the
canoe was launched in the Palo Alto !
Yacht Harbor, and iheir "Argosy" 1
began. They loft the harbor undo- j
sure and made for tho bay.
Incident to their exit they en-1
countered the yacht harbor keeper's'
pet ducks and began chasing them.;
Unexpectedly one of the canoeists j
turned too far to one side, and the I
boat turned over, dumping them into 1
the bay, about 200 feet from the har
bor just where the Palo Alto sewage
Hows into the bay.

As the ducks sat back and rested
on their laurels the Theta Delts
swam* out to the islind much ham- 1
pered by the "rubbish'' which bobbed
on the surface of the bay. As they
sat on the island, soaking and smel
ling, the keeper of the harbor went
out and rescued the canoe, but an
swered their pleas for help only with
a yell that drifted to them about his
ducks.
A couple of well-meaning shore
residents who wished to rescue theni
noticed their cries and attempted to
rent ;i boat from the harbor keeper, j
But he refused, and that ended that.
Just before the sun set, two men
rowing on the bay noticed them and
effected a successful rescue. Once j
on land, without paying their com
pliments to the harbor master, they
hastened 1o the B.A.C. to discover
how much anti-toxin and perfume
they needed.
Spring fever which came rather
prematurely resulted in a dirty
ducking for two Theta Delts yester
day afternoon. Bitten with the urge
to canoe and chased from Lagunita ,
when they attempted to launch their j
ship there, they decided to go down j
to San Francisco Bay for their,
amusement.
When they reached the B;iy the
canoe was launched in the Palo Alto !
Yacht Harbor, and iheir "Argosy" 1
began. They loft the harbor undo- j
sure and made for tho bay.
Incident to their exit they en-1
countered the yacht harbor keeper's'
pet ducks and began chasing them.;
Unexpectedly one of the canoeists j
turned too far to one side, and the I
boat turned over, dumping them into 1
the bay, about 200 feet from the har
bor just where the Palo Alto sewage
Hows into the bay.

As the ducks sat back and rested
on their laurels the Theta Delts
swam* out to the islind much ham- 1
pered by the "rubbish'' which bobbed
on the surface of the bay. As they
sat on the island, soaking and smel
ling, the keeper of the harbor went
out and rescued the canoe, but an
swered their pleas for help only with
a yell that drifted to them about his
ducks.
A couple of well-meaning shore
residents who wished to rescue theni
noticed their cries and attempted to
rent ;i boat from the harbor keeper, j
But he refused, and that ended that.
Just before the sun set, two men
rowing on the bay noticed them and
effected a successful rescue. Once j
on land, without paying their com
pliments to the harbor master, they
hastened 1o the B.A.C. to discover
how much anti-toxin and perfume
they needed.
Spring fever which came rather
prematurely resulted in a dirty
ducking for two Theta Delts yester
day afternoon. Bitten with the urge
to canoe and chased from Lagunita ,
when they attempted to launch their j
ship there, they decided to go down j
to San Francisco Bay for their,
amusement.
When they reached the B;iy the
canoe was launched in the Palo Alto !
Yacht Harbor, and iheir "Argosy" 1
began. They loft the harbor undo- j
sure and made for tho bay.
Incident to their exit they en-1
countered the yacht harbor keeper's'
pet ducks and began chasing them.;
Unexpectedly one of the canoeists j
turned too far to one side, and the I
boat turned over, dumping them into 1
the bay, about 200 feet from the har
bor just where the Palo Alto sewage
Hows into the bay.

As the ducks sat back and rested
on their laurels the Theta Delts
swam* out to the islind much ham- 1
pered by the "rubbish'' which bobbed
on the surface of the bay. As they
sat on the island, soaking and smel
ling, the keeper of the harbor went
out and rescued the canoe, but an
swered their pleas for help only with
a yell that drifted to them about his
ducks.
A couple of well-meaning shore
residents who wished to rescue theni
noticed their cries and attempted to
rent ;i boat from the harbor keeper, j
But he refused, and that ended that.
Just before the sun set, two men
rowing on the bay noticed them and
effected a successful rescue. Once j
on land, without paying their com
pliments to the harbor master, they
hastened 1o the B.A.C. to discover
how much anti-toxin and perfume
they needed.
Spring fever which came rather
prematurely resulted in a dirty
ducking for two Theta Delts yester
day afternoon. Bitten with the urge
to canoe and chased from Lagunita ,
when they attempted to launch their j
ship there, they decided to go down j
to San Francisco Bay for their,
amusement.
When they reached the B;iy the
canoe was launched in the Palo Alto !
Yacht Harbor, and iheir "Argosy" 1
began. They loft the harbor undo- j
sure and made for tho bay.
Incident to their exit they en-1
countered the yacht harbor keeper's'
pet ducks and began chasing them.;
Unexpectedly one of the canoeists j
turned too far to one side, and the I
boat turned over, dumping them into 1
the bay, about 200 feet from the har
bor just where the Palo Alto sewage
Hows into the bay.

As the ducks sat back and rested
on their laurels the Theta Delts
swam* out to the islind much ham- 1
pered by the "rubbish'' which bobbed
on the surface of the bay. As they
sat on the island, soaking and smel
ling, the keeper of the harbor went
out and rescued the canoe, but an
swered their pleas for help only with
a yell that drifted to them about his
ducks.
A couple of well-meaning shore
residents who wished to rescue theni
noticed their cries and attempted to
rent ;i boat from the harbor keeper, j
But he refused, and that ended that.
Just before the sun set, two men
rowing on the bay noticed them and
effected a successful rescue. Once j
on land, without paying their com
pliments to the harbor master, they
hastened 1o the B.A.C. to discover
how much anti-toxin and perfume
they needed.
Spring fever which came rather
prematurely resulted in a dirty
ducking for two Theta Delts yester
day afternoon. Bitten with the urge
to canoe and chased from Lagunita ,
when they attempted to launch their j
ship there, they decided to go down j
to San Francisco Bay for their,
amusement.
When they reached the B;iy the
canoe was launched in the Palo Alto !
Yacht Harbor, and iheir "Argosy" 1
began. They loft the harbor undo- j
sure and made for tho bay.
Incident to their exit they en-1
countered the yacht harbor keeper's'
pet ducks and began chasing them.;
Unexpectedly one of the canoeists j
turned too far to one side, and the I
boat turned over, dumping them into 1
the bay, about 200 feet from the har
bor just where the Palo Alto sewage
Hows into the bay.

As the ducks sat back and rested
on their laurels the Theta Delts
swam* out to the islind much ham- 1
pered by the "rubbish'' which bobbed
on the surface of the bay. As they
sat on the island, soaking and smel
ling, the keeper of the harbor went
out and rescued the canoe, but an
swered their pleas for help only with
a yell that drifted to them about his
ducks.
A couple of well-meaning shore
residents who wished to rescue theni
noticed their cries and attempted to
rent ;i boat from the harbor keeper, j
But he refused, and that ended that.
Just before the sun set, two men
rowing on the bay noticed them and
effected a successful rescue. Once j
on land, without paying their com
pliments to the harbor master, they
hastened 1o the B.A.C. to discover
how much anti-toxin and perfume
they needed.
Spring fever which came rather
prematurely resulted in a dirty
ducking for two Theta Delts yester
day afternoon. Bitten with the urge
to canoe and chased from Lagunita ,
when they attempted to launch their j
ship there, they decided to go down j
to San Francisco Bay for their,
amusement.
When they reached the B;iy the
canoe was launched in the Palo Alto !
Yacht Harbor, and iheir "Argosy" 1
began. They loft the harbor undo- j
sure and made for tho bay.
Incident to their exit they en-1
countered the yacht harbor keeper's'
pet ducks and began chasing them.;
Unexpectedly one of the canoeists j
turned too far to one side, and the I
boat turned over, dumping them into 1
the bay, about 200 feet from the har
bor just where the Palo Alto sewage
Hows into the bay.

As the ducks sat back and rested
on their laurels the Theta Delts
swam* out to the islind much ham- 1
pered by the "rubbish'' which bobbed
on the surface of the bay. As they
sat on the island, soaking and smel
ling, the keeper of the harbor went
out and rescued the canoe, but an
swered their pleas for help only with
a yell that drifted to them about his
ducks.
A couple of well-meaning shore
residents who wished to rescue theni
noticed their cries and attempted to
rent ;i boat from the harbor keeper, j
But he refused, and that ended that.
Just before the sun set, two men
rowing on the bay noticed them and
effected a successful rescue. Once j
on land, without paying their com
pliments to the harbor master, they
hastened 1o the B.A.C. to discover
how much anti-toxin and perfume
they needed.
Spring fever which came rather
prematurely resulted in a dirty
ducking for two Theta Delts yester
day afternoon. Bitten with the urge
to canoe and chased from Lagunita ,
when they attempted to launch their j
ship there, they decided to go down j
to San Francisco Bay for their,
amusement.
When they reached the B;iy the
canoe was launched in the Palo Alto !
Yacht Harbor, and iheir "Argosy" 1
began. They loft the harbor undo- j
sure and made for tho bay.
Incident to their exit they en-1
countered the yacht harbor keeper's'
pet ducks and began chasing them.;
Unexpectedly one of the canoeists j
turned too far to one side, and the I
boat turned over, dumping them into 1
the bay, about 200 feet from the har
bor just where the Palo Alto sewage
Hows into the bay.

As the ducks sat back and rested
on their laurels the Theta Delts
swam* out to the islind much ham- 1
pered by the "rubbish'' which bobbed
on the surface of the bay. As they
sat on the island, soaking and smel
ling, the keeper of the harbor went
out and rescued the canoe, but an
swered their pleas for help only with
a yell that drifted to them about his
ducks.
A couple of well-meaning shore
residents who wished to rescue theni
noticed their cries and attempted to
rent ;i boat from the harbor keeper, j
But he refused, and that ended that.
Just before the sun set, two men
rowing on the bay noticed them and
effected a successful rescue. Once j
on land, without paying their com
pliments to the harbor master, they
hastened 1o the B.A.C. to discover
how much anti-toxin and perfume
they needed.
