# Nothing Personal in Thisâ€”'
## 
### 

The army anrl United Air Lines co-operate in the "new deal" in air
mail handling: on at least one branch of the Pacific coast's lines.
Charles B. Stead of the private line talks over the Seattle-Salt Lake
run just before Lieut. J. A. Davies, in flying togs, "took off" in a
Douglas observation plane with mail on his first flight.

The army anrl United Air Lines co-operate in the "new deal" in air
mail handling: on at least one branch of the Pacific coast's lines.
Charles B. Stead of the private line talks over the Seattle-Salt Lake
run just before Lieut. J. A. Davies, in flying togs, "took off" in a
Douglas observation plane with mail on his first flight.

The army anrl United Air Lines co-operate in the "new deal" in air
mail handling: on at least one branch of the Pacific coast's lines.
Charles B. Stead of the private line talks over the Seattle-Salt Lake
run just before Lieut. J. A. Davies, in flying togs, "took off" in a
Douglas observation plane with mail on his first flight.

The army anrl United Air Lines co-operate in the "new deal" in air
mail handling: on at least one branch of the Pacific coast's lines.
Charles B. Stead of the private line talks over the Seattle-Salt Lake
run just before Lieut. J. A. Davies, in flying togs, "took off" in a
Douglas observation plane with mail on his first flight.

The army anrl United Air Lines co-operate in the "new deal" in air
mail handling: on at least one branch of the Pacific coast's lines.
Charles B. Stead of the private line talks over the Seattle-Salt Lake
run just before Lieut. J. A. Davies, in flying togs, "took off" in a
Douglas observation plane with mail on his first flight.

The army anrl United Air Lines co-operate in the "new deal" in air
mail handling: on at least one branch of the Pacific coast's lines.
Charles B. Stead of the private line talks over the Seattle-Salt Lake
run just before Lieut. J. A. Davies, in flying togs, "took off" in a
Douglas observation plane with mail on his first flight.

The army anrl United Air Lines co-operate in the "new deal" in air
mail handling: on at least one branch of the Pacific coast's lines.
Charles B. Stead of the private line talks over the Seattle-Salt Lake
run just before Lieut. J. A. Davies, in flying togs, "took off" in a
Douglas observation plane with mail on his first flight.

The army anrl United Air Lines co-operate in the "new deal" in air
mail handling: on at least one branch of the Pacific coast's lines.
Charles B. Stead of the private line talks over the Seattle-Salt Lake
run just before Lieut. J. A. Davies, in flying togs, "took off" in a
Douglas observation plane with mail on his first flight.

The army anrl United Air Lines co-operate in the "new deal" in air
mail handling: on at least one branch of the Pacific coast's lines.
Charles B. Stead of the private line talks over the Seattle-Salt Lake
run just before Lieut. J. A. Davies, in flying togs, "took off" in a
Douglas observation plane with mail on his first flight.

The army anrl United Air Lines co-operate in the "new deal" in air
mail handling: on at least one branch of the Pacific coast's lines.
Charles B. Stead of the private line talks over the Seattle-Salt Lake
run just before Lieut. J. A. Davies, in flying togs, "took off" in a
Douglas observation plane with mail on his first flight.

The army anrl United Air Lines co-operate in the "new deal" in air
mail handling: on at least one branch of the Pacific coast's lines.
Charles B. Stead of the private line talks over the Seattle-Salt Lake
run just before Lieut. J. A. Davies, in flying togs, "took off" in a
Douglas observation plane with mail on his first flight.

The army anrl United Air Lines co-operate in the "new deal" in air
mail handling: on at least one branch of the Pacific coast's lines.
Charles B. Stead of the private line talks over the Seattle-Salt Lake
run just before Lieut. J. A. Davies, in flying togs, "took off" in a
Douglas observation plane with mail on his first flight.

The army anrl United Air Lines co-operate in the "new deal" in air
mail handling: on at least one branch of the Pacific coast's lines.
Charles B. Stead of the private line talks over the Seattle-Salt Lake
run just before Lieut. J. A. Davies, in flying togs, "took off" in a
Douglas observation plane with mail on his first flight.

The army anrl United Air Lines co-operate in the "new deal" in air
mail handling: on at least one branch of the Pacific coast's lines.
Charles B. Stead of the private line talks over the Seattle-Salt Lake
run just before Lieut. J. A. Davies, in flying togs, "took off" in a
Douglas observation plane with mail on his first flight.

The army anrl United Air Lines co-operate in the "new deal" in air
mail handling: on at least one branch of the Pacific coast's lines.
Charles B. Stead of the private line talks over the Seattle-Salt Lake
run just before Lieut. J. A. Davies, in flying togs, "took off" in a
Douglas observation plane with mail on his first flight.
