# Seer-Sucker Will Make Bid as Shoe Material
## 
### 
Seer-sucker, long considered suit- [
able for sport clothes alone, has not
only invaded the fiold of - evening ;
wear this season, but is also a fa- j
vored material for the new "Wide- |
Open Sandals," so popular on the |
campus. j
Not really the light cotton material '
used for dresses, this fabric is an ex
cellent imitation of seer-sucker and
is much more practical for the pur
pose to which it is put.
All colors will be seen in this ma
terial, and Ihe ever-popular stripes
will be varied by the use of checks
and plaids.
Seer-sucker, long considered suit- [
able for sport clothes alone, has not
only invaded the fiold of - evening ;
wear this season, but is also a fa- j
vored material for the new "Wide- |
Open Sandals," so popular on the |
campus. j
Not really the light cotton material '
used for dresses, this fabric is an ex
cellent imitation of seer-sucker and
is much more practical for the pur
pose to which it is put.
All colors will be seen in this ma
terial, and Ihe ever-popular stripes
will be varied by the use of checks
and plaids.
Seer-sucker, long considered suit- [
able for sport clothes alone, has not
only invaded the fiold of - evening ;
wear this season, but is also a fa- j
vored material for the new "Wide- |
Open Sandals," so popular on the |
campus. j
Not really the light cotton material '
used for dresses, this fabric is an ex
cellent imitation of seer-sucker and
is much more practical for the pur
pose to which it is put.
All colors will be seen in this ma
terial, and Ihe ever-popular stripes
will be varied by the use of checks
and plaids.
Seer-sucker, long considered suit- [
able for sport clothes alone, has not
only invaded the fiold of - evening ;
wear this season, but is also a fa- j
vored material for the new "Wide- |
Open Sandals," so popular on the |
campus. j
Not really the light cotton material '
used for dresses, this fabric is an ex
cellent imitation of seer-sucker and
is much more practical for the pur
pose to which it is put.
All colors will be seen in this ma
terial, and Ihe ever-popular stripes
will be varied by the use of checks
and plaids.
Seer-sucker, long considered suit- [
able for sport clothes alone, has not
only invaded the fiold of - evening ;
wear this season, but is also a fa- j
vored material for the new "Wide- |
Open Sandals," so popular on the |
campus. j
Not really the light cotton material '
used for dresses, this fabric is an ex
cellent imitation of seer-sucker and
is much more practical for the pur
pose to which it is put.
All colors will be seen in this ma
terial, and Ihe ever-popular stripes
will be varied by the use of checks
and plaids.
Seer-sucker, long considered suit- [
able for sport clothes alone, has not
only invaded the fiold of - evening ;
wear this season, but is also a fa- j
vored material for the new "Wide- |
Open Sandals," so popular on the |
campus. j
Not really the light cotton material '
used for dresses, this fabric is an ex
cellent imitation of seer-sucker and
is much more practical for the pur
pose to which it is put.
All colors will be seen in this ma
terial, and Ihe ever-popular stripes
will be varied by the use of checks
and plaids.
Seer-sucker, long considered suit- [
able for sport clothes alone, has not
only invaded the fiold of - evening ;
wear this season, but is also a fa- j
vored material for the new "Wide- |
Open Sandals," so popular on the |
campus. j
Not really the light cotton material '
used for dresses, this fabric is an ex
cellent imitation of seer-sucker and
is much more practical for the pur
pose to which it is put.
All colors will be seen in this ma
terial, and Ihe ever-popular stripes
will be varied by the use of checks
and plaids.
Seer-sucker, long considered suit- [
able for sport clothes alone, has not
only invaded the fiold of - evening ;
wear this season, but is also a fa- j
vored material for the new "Wide- |
Open Sandals," so popular on the |
campus. j
Not really the light cotton material '
used for dresses, this fabric is an ex
cellent imitation of seer-sucker and
is much more practical for the pur
pose to which it is put.
All colors will be seen in this ma
terial, and Ihe ever-popular stripes
will be varied by the use of checks
and plaids.
Seer-sucker, long considered suit- [
able for sport clothes alone, has not
only invaded the fiold of - evening ;
wear this season, but is also a fa- j
vored material for the new "Wide- |
Open Sandals," so popular on the |
campus. j
Not really the light cotton material '
used for dresses, this fabric is an ex
cellent imitation of seer-sucker and
is much more practical for the pur
pose to which it is put.
All colors will be seen in this ma
terial, and Ihe ever-popular stripes
will be varied by the use of checks
and plaids.
Seer-sucker, long considered suit- [
able for sport clothes alone, has not
only invaded the fiold of - evening ;
wear this season, but is also a fa- j
vored material for the new "Wide- |
Open Sandals," so popular on the |
campus. j
Not really the light cotton material '
used for dresses, this fabric is an ex
cellent imitation of seer-sucker and
is much more practical for the pur
pose to which it is put.
All colors will be seen in this ma
terial, and Ihe ever-popular stripes
will be varied by the use of checks
and plaids.
Seer-sucker, long considered suit- [
able for sport clothes alone, has not
only invaded the fiold of - evening ;
wear this season, but is also a fa- j
vored material for the new "Wide- |
Open Sandals," so popular on the |
campus. j
Not really the light cotton material '
used for dresses, this fabric is an ex
cellent imitation of seer-sucker and
is much more practical for the pur
pose to which it is put.
All colors will be seen in this ma
terial, and Ihe ever-popular stripes
will be varied by the use of checks
and plaids.
Seer-sucker, long considered suit- [
able for sport clothes alone, has not
only invaded the fiold of - evening ;
wear this season, but is also a fa- j
vored material for the new "Wide- |
Open Sandals," so popular on the |
campus. j
Not really the light cotton material '
used for dresses, this fabric is an ex
cellent imitation of seer-sucker and
is much more practical for the pur
pose to which it is put.
All colors will be seen in this ma
terial, and Ihe ever-popular stripes
will be varied by the use of checks
and plaids.
Seer-sucker, long considered suit- [
able for sport clothes alone, has not
only invaded the fiold of - evening ;
wear this season, but is also a fa- j
vored material for the new "Wide- |
Open Sandals," so popular on the |
campus. j
Not really the light cotton material '
used for dresses, this fabric is an ex
cellent imitation of seer-sucker and
is much more practical for the pur
pose to which it is put.
All colors will be seen in this ma
terial, and Ihe ever-popular stripes
will be varied by the use of checks
and plaids.
Seer-sucker, long considered suit- [
able for sport clothes alone, has not
only invaded the fiold of - evening ;
wear this season, but is also a fa- j
vored material for the new "Wide- |
Open Sandals," so popular on the |
campus. j
Not really the light cotton material '
used for dresses, this fabric is an ex
cellent imitation of seer-sucker and
is much more practical for the pur
pose to which it is put.
All colors will be seen in this ma
terial, and Ihe ever-popular stripes
will be varied by the use of checks
and plaids.
Seer-sucker, long considered suit- [
able for sport clothes alone, has not
only invaded the fiold of - evening ;
wear this season, but is also a fa- j
vored material for the new "Wide- |
Open Sandals," so popular on the |
campus. j
Not really the light cotton material '
used for dresses, this fabric is an ex
cellent imitation of seer-sucker and
is much more practical for the pur
pose to which it is put.
All colors will be seen in this ma
terial, and Ihe ever-popular stripes
will be varied by the use of checks
and plaids.
