# Where Late King of The Belgians Plunged to Death
## 
### 

The section of woods at the
base of the Rocher de Marche
les Dames, near Namur, Bel
gium, where King Albert was
killed when he fell from a cliff

of the mountain while making
a lone climb. The arrow marks
the spot where his body was
found; the cross, where his hat

was picked up. This picture
was flown from Brussels to
London and radioed to the
United States.

The section of woods at the
base of the Rocher de Marche
les Dames, near Namur, Bel
gium, where King Albert was
killed when he fell from a cliff

of the mountain while making
a lone climb. The arrow marks
the spot where his body was
found; the cross, where his hat

was picked up. This picture
was flown from Brussels to
London and radioed to the
United States.

The section of woods at the
base of the Rocher de Marche
les Dames, near Namur, Bel
gium, where King Albert was
killed when he fell from a cliff

of the mountain while making
a lone climb. The arrow marks
the spot where his body was
found; the cross, where his hat

was picked up. This picture
was flown from Brussels to
London and radioed to the
United States.

The section of woods at the
base of the Rocher de Marche
les Dames, near Namur, Bel
gium, where King Albert was
killed when he fell from a cliff

of the mountain while making
a lone climb. The arrow marks
the spot where his body was
found; the cross, where his hat

was picked up. This picture
was flown from Brussels to
London and radioed to the
United States.

The section of woods at the
base of the Rocher de Marche
les Dames, near Namur, Bel
gium, where King Albert was
killed when he fell from a cliff

of the mountain while making
a lone climb. The arrow marks
the spot where his body was
found; the cross, where his hat

was picked up. This picture
was flown from Brussels to
London and radioed to the
United States.

The section of woods at the
base of the Rocher de Marche
les Dames, near Namur, Bel
gium, where King Albert was
killed when he fell from a cliff

of the mountain while making
a lone climb. The arrow marks
the spot where his body was
found; the cross, where his hat

was picked up. This picture
was flown from Brussels to
London and radioed to the
United States.

The section of woods at the
base of the Rocher de Marche
les Dames, near Namur, Bel
gium, where King Albert was
killed when he fell from a cliff

of the mountain while making
a lone climb. The arrow marks
the spot where his body was
found; the cross, where his hat

was picked up. This picture
was flown from Brussels to
London and radioed to the
United States.

The section of woods at the
base of the Rocher de Marche
les Dames, near Namur, Bel
gium, where King Albert was
killed when he fell from a cliff

of the mountain while making
a lone climb. The arrow marks
the spot where his body was
found; the cross, where his hat

was picked up. This picture
was flown from Brussels to
London and radioed to the
United States.

The section of woods at the
base of the Rocher de Marche
les Dames, near Namur, Bel
gium, where King Albert was
killed when he fell from a cliff

of the mountain while making
a lone climb. The arrow marks
the spot where his body was
found; the cross, where his hat

was picked up. This picture
was flown from Brussels to
London and radioed to the
United States.

The section of woods at the
base of the Rocher de Marche
les Dames, near Namur, Bel
gium, where King Albert was
killed when he fell from a cliff

of the mountain while making
a lone climb. The arrow marks
the spot where his body was
found; the cross, where his hat

was picked up. This picture
was flown from Brussels to
London and radioed to the
United States.

The section of woods at the
base of the Rocher de Marche
les Dames, near Namur, Bel
gium, where King Albert was
killed when he fell from a cliff

of the mountain while making
a lone climb. The arrow marks
the spot where his body was
found; the cross, where his hat

was picked up. This picture
was flown from Brussels to
London and radioed to the
United States.

The section of woods at the
base of the Rocher de Marche
les Dames, near Namur, Bel
gium, where King Albert was
killed when he fell from a cliff

of the mountain while making
a lone climb. The arrow marks
the spot where his body was
found; the cross, where his hat

was picked up. This picture
was flown from Brussels to
London and radioed to the
United States.

The section of woods at the
base of the Rocher de Marche
les Dames, near Namur, Bel
gium, where King Albert was
killed when he fell from a cliff

of the mountain while making
a lone climb. The arrow marks
the spot where his body was
found; the cross, where his hat

was picked up. This picture
was flown from Brussels to
London and radioed to the
United States.

The section of woods at the
base of the Rocher de Marche
les Dames, near Namur, Bel
gium, where King Albert was
killed when he fell from a cliff

of the mountain while making
a lone climb. The arrow marks
the spot where his body was
found; the cross, where his hat

was picked up. This picture
was flown from Brussels to
London and radioed to the
United States.

The section of woods at the
base of the Rocher de Marche
les Dames, near Namur, Bel
gium, where King Albert was
killed when he fell from a cliff

of the mountain while making
a lone climb. The arrow marks
the spot where his body was
found; the cross, where his hat

was picked up. This picture
was flown from Brussels to
London and radioed to the
United States.
