# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
Special student tickets are
available for $1 and may be
ordered at the front desk in
the AS.SU office, Tresldder,
tod ay, t« in orrn w. and
Wednesday, from 2-4 p.m.,
for the production of Darius
Milhaud’s "David,” featuring
th e Stanford University
Chorus, Saturday, Feb. 9, iii
the San Francisco War Me
morial Opera House.
Special student tickets are
available for $1 and may be
ordered at the front desk in
the AS.SU office, Tresldder,
tod ay, t« in orrn w. and
Wednesday, from 2-4 p.m.,
for the production of Darius
Milhaud’s "David,” featuring
th e Stanford University
Chorus, Saturday, Feb. 9, iii
the San Francisco War Me
morial Opera House.
Special student tickets are
available for $1 and may be
ordered at the front desk in
the AS.SU office, Tresldder,
tod ay, t« in orrn w. and
Wednesday, from 2-4 p.m.,
for the production of Darius
Milhaud’s "David,” featuring
th e Stanford University
Chorus, Saturday, Feb. 9, iii
the San Francisco War Me
morial Opera House.
Special student tickets are
available for $1 and may be
ordered at the front desk in
the AS.SU office, Tresldder,
tod ay, t« in orrn w. and
Wednesday, from 2-4 p.m.,
for the production of Darius
Milhaud’s "David,” featuring
th e Stanford University
Chorus, Saturday, Feb. 9, iii
the San Francisco War Me
morial Opera House.
Special student tickets are
available for $1 and may be
ordered at the front desk in
the AS.SU office, Tresldder,
tod ay, t« in orrn w. and
Wednesday, from 2-4 p.m.,
for the production of Darius
Milhaud’s "David,” featuring
th e Stanford University
Chorus, Saturday, Feb. 9, iii
the San Francisco War Me
morial Opera House.
Special student tickets are
available for $1 and may be
ordered at the front desk in
the AS.SU office, Tresldder,
tod ay, t« in orrn w. and
Wednesday, from 2-4 p.m.,
for the production of Darius
Milhaud’s "David,” featuring
th e Stanford University
Chorus, Saturday, Feb. 9, iii
the San Francisco War Me
morial Opera House.
Special student tickets are
available for $1 and may be
ordered at the front desk in
the AS.SU office, Tresldder,
tod ay, t« in orrn w. and
Wednesday, from 2-4 p.m.,
for the production of Darius
Milhaud’s "David,” featuring
th e Stanford University
Chorus, Saturday, Feb. 9, iii
the San Francisco War Me
morial Opera House.
Special student tickets are
available for $1 and may be
ordered at the front desk in
the AS.SU office, Tresldder,
tod ay, t« in orrn w. and
Wednesday, from 2-4 p.m.,
for the production of Darius
Milhaud’s "David,” featuring
th e Stanford University
Chorus, Saturday, Feb. 9, iii
the San Francisco War Me
morial Opera House.
Special student tickets are
available for $1 and may be
ordered at the front desk in
the AS.SU office, Tresldder,
tod ay, t« in orrn w. and
Wednesday, from 2-4 p.m.,
for the production of Darius
Milhaud’s "David,” featuring
th e Stanford University
Chorus, Saturday, Feb. 9, iii
the San Francisco War Me
morial Opera House.
Special student tickets are
available for $1 and may be
ordered at the front desk in
the AS.SU office, Tresldder,
tod ay, t« in orrn w. and
Wednesday, from 2-4 p.m.,
for the production of Darius
Milhaud’s "David,” featuring
th e Stanford University
Chorus, Saturday, Feb. 9, iii
the San Francisco War Me
morial Opera House.
Special student tickets are
available for $1 and may be
ordered at the front desk in
the AS.SU office, Tresldder,
tod ay, t« in orrn w. and
Wednesday, from 2-4 p.m.,
for the production of Darius
Milhaud’s "David,” featuring
th e Stanford University
Chorus, Saturday, Feb. 9, iii
the San Francisco War Me
morial Opera House.
Special student tickets are
available for $1 and may be
ordered at the front desk in
the AS.SU office, Tresldder,
tod ay, t« in orrn w. and
Wednesday, from 2-4 p.m.,
for the production of Darius
Milhaud’s "David,” featuring
th e Stanford University
Chorus, Saturday, Feb. 9, iii
the San Francisco War Me
morial Opera House.
Special student tickets are
available for $1 and may be
ordered at the front desk in
the AS.SU office, Tresldder,
tod ay, t« in orrn w. and
Wednesday, from 2-4 p.m.,
for the production of Darius
Milhaud’s "David,” featuring
th e Stanford University
Chorus, Saturday, Feb. 9, iii
the San Francisco War Me
morial Opera House.
Special student tickets are
available for $1 and may be
ordered at the front desk in
the AS.SU office, Tresldder,
tod ay, t« in orrn w. and
Wednesday, from 2-4 p.m.,
for the production of Darius
Milhaud’s "David,” featuring
th e Stanford University
Chorus, Saturday, Feb. 9, iii
the San Francisco War Me
morial Opera House.
Special student tickets are
available for $1 and may be
ordered at the front desk in
the AS.SU office, Tresldder,
tod ay, t« in orrn w. and
Wednesday, from 2-4 p.m.,
for the production of Darius
Milhaud’s "David,” featuring
th e Stanford University
Chorus, Saturday, Feb. 9, iii
the San Francisco War Me
morial Opera House.
Special student tickets are
available for $1 and may be
ordered at the front desk in
the AS.SU office, Tresldder,
tod ay, t« in orrn w. and
Wednesday, from 2-4 p.m.,
for the production of Darius
Milhaud’s "David,” featuring
th e Stanford University
Chorus, Saturday, Feb. 9, iii
the San Francisco War Me
morial Opera House.
Special student tickets are
available for $1 and may be
ordered at the front desk in
the AS.SU office, Tresldder,
tod ay, t« in orrn w. and
Wednesday, from 2-4 p.m.,
for the production of Darius
Milhaud’s "David,” featuring
th e Stanford University
Chorus, Saturday, Feb. 9, iii
the San Francisco War Me
morial Opera House.
