# Three Former Card Athletes Impress on TV
## 
### 
Three former Stanford athletes
performed this weekend before a
nationwide television audience, and
all three gave impressive showings.
Two basketballers—George Yard
ley and Jim Pollard—played in the
professional basketball game Satur
day afternoon between the Minne
apolis Lakers and the Fort Wayne
Pistons. Pollard sparked the Laker
team, while Yardley scored 13 points
to lead the Pistons to a 97-81 vic
tory.
Yesterday, quarterback Gary Ker
korian led the Baltimore Colts to a
big professional football upset, as
the Colts edged the 49ers. 17-13.
Kerkorian, one of three Baltimore
callers on the squad, played the
entire contest on offense. He kicked
a field goal, quarterback sneaked to
a touchdown, and threw a 78-yard
pass for the winning score. He also
booted both conversion.?.
Three former Stanford athletes
performed this weekend before a
nationwide television audience, and
all three gave impressive showings.
Two basketballers—George Yard
ley and Jim Pollard—played in the
professional basketball game Satur
day afternoon between the Minne
apolis Lakers and the Fort Wayne
Pistons. Pollard sparked the Laker
team, while Yardley scored 13 points
to lead the Pistons to a 97-81 vic
tory.
Yesterday, quarterback Gary Ker
korian led the Baltimore Colts to a
big professional football upset, as
the Colts edged the 49ers. 17-13.
Kerkorian, one of three Baltimore
callers on the squad, played the
entire contest on offense. He kicked
a field goal, quarterback sneaked to
a touchdown, and threw a 78-yard
pass for the winning score. He also
booted both conversion.?.
Three former Stanford athletes
performed this weekend before a
nationwide television audience, and
all three gave impressive showings.
Two basketballers—George Yard
ley and Jim Pollard—played in the
professional basketball game Satur
day afternoon between the Minne
apolis Lakers and the Fort Wayne
Pistons. Pollard sparked the Laker
team, while Yardley scored 13 points
to lead the Pistons to a 97-81 vic
tory.
Yesterday, quarterback Gary Ker
korian led the Baltimore Colts to a
big professional football upset, as
the Colts edged the 49ers. 17-13.
Kerkorian, one of three Baltimore
callers on the squad, played the
entire contest on offense. He kicked
a field goal, quarterback sneaked to
a touchdown, and threw a 78-yard
pass for the winning score. He also
booted both conversion.?.
Three former Stanford athletes
performed this weekend before a
nationwide television audience, and
all three gave impressive showings.
Two basketballers—George Yard
ley and Jim Pollard—played in the
professional basketball game Satur
day afternoon between the Minne
apolis Lakers and the Fort Wayne
Pistons. Pollard sparked the Laker
team, while Yardley scored 13 points
to lead the Pistons to a 97-81 vic
tory.
Yesterday, quarterback Gary Ker
korian led the Baltimore Colts to a
big professional football upset, as
the Colts edged the 49ers. 17-13.
Kerkorian, one of three Baltimore
callers on the squad, played the
entire contest on offense. He kicked
a field goal, quarterback sneaked to
a touchdown, and threw a 78-yard
pass for the winning score. He also
booted both conversion.?.
Three former Stanford athletes
performed this weekend before a
nationwide television audience, and
all three gave impressive showings.
Two basketballers—George Yard
ley and Jim Pollard—played in the
professional basketball game Satur
day afternoon between the Minne
apolis Lakers and the Fort Wayne
Pistons. Pollard sparked the Laker
team, while Yardley scored 13 points
to lead the Pistons to a 97-81 vic
tory.
Yesterday, quarterback Gary Ker
korian led the Baltimore Colts to a
big professional football upset, as
the Colts edged the 49ers. 17-13.
Kerkorian, one of three Baltimore
callers on the squad, played the
entire contest on offense. He kicked
a field goal, quarterback sneaked to
a touchdown, and threw a 78-yard
pass for the winning score. He also
booted both conversion.?.
Three former Stanford athletes
performed this weekend before a
nationwide television audience, and
all three gave impressive showings.
Two basketballers—George Yard
ley and Jim Pollard—played in the
professional basketball game Satur
day afternoon between the Minne
apolis Lakers and the Fort Wayne
Pistons. Pollard sparked the Laker
team, while Yardley scored 13 points
to lead the Pistons to a 97-81 vic
tory.
Yesterday, quarterback Gary Ker
korian led the Baltimore Colts to a
big professional football upset, as
the Colts edged the 49ers. 17-13.
Kerkorian, one of three Baltimore
callers on the squad, played the
entire contest on offense. He kicked
a field goal, quarterback sneaked to
a touchdown, and threw a 78-yard
pass for the winning score. He also
booted both conversion.?.
Three former Stanford athletes
performed this weekend before a
nationwide television audience, and
all three gave impressive showings.
Two basketballers—George Yard
ley and Jim Pollard—played in the
professional basketball game Satur
day afternoon between the Minne
apolis Lakers and the Fort Wayne
Pistons. Pollard sparked the Laker
team, while Yardley scored 13 points
to lead the Pistons to a 97-81 vic
tory.
Yesterday, quarterback Gary Ker
korian led the Baltimore Colts to a
big professional football upset, as
the Colts edged the 49ers. 17-13.
Kerkorian, one of three Baltimore
callers on the squad, played the
entire contest on offense. He kicked
a field goal, quarterback sneaked to
a touchdown, and threw a 78-yard
pass for the winning score. He also
booted both conversion.?.
Three former Stanford athletes
performed this weekend before a
nationwide television audience, and
all three gave impressive showings.
Two basketballers—George Yard
ley and Jim Pollard—played in the
professional basketball game Satur
day afternoon between the Minne
apolis Lakers and the Fort Wayne
Pistons. Pollard sparked the Laker
team, while Yardley scored 13 points
to lead the Pistons to a 97-81 vic
tory.
Yesterday, quarterback Gary Ker
korian led the Baltimore Colts to a
big professional football upset, as
the Colts edged the 49ers. 17-13.
Kerkorian, one of three Baltimore
callers on the squad, played the
entire contest on offense. He kicked
a field goal, quarterback sneaked to
a touchdown, and threw a 78-yard
pass for the winning score. He also
booted both conversion.?.
Three former Stanford athletes
performed this weekend before a
nationwide television audience, and
all three gave impressive showings.
Two basketballers—George Yard
ley and Jim Pollard—played in the
professional basketball game Satur
day afternoon between the Minne
apolis Lakers and the Fort Wayne
Pistons. Pollard sparked the Laker
team, while Yardley scored 13 points
to lead the Pistons to a 97-81 vic
tory.
Yesterday, quarterback Gary Ker
korian led the Baltimore Colts to a
big professional football upset, as
the Colts edged the 49ers. 17-13.
Kerkorian, one of three Baltimore
callers on the squad, played the
entire contest on offense. He kicked
a field goal, quarterback sneaked to
a touchdown, and threw a 78-yard
pass for the winning score. He also
booted both conversion.?.
Three former Stanford athletes
performed this weekend before a
nationwide television audience, and
all three gave impressive showings.
Two basketballers—George Yard
ley and Jim Pollard—played in the
professional basketball game Satur
day afternoon between the Minne
apolis Lakers and the Fort Wayne
Pistons. Pollard sparked the Laker
team, while Yardley scored 13 points
to lead the Pistons to a 97-81 vic
tory.
Yesterday, quarterback Gary Ker
korian led the Baltimore Colts to a
big professional football upset, as
the Colts edged the 49ers. 17-13.
Kerkorian, one of three Baltimore
callers on the squad, played the
entire contest on offense. He kicked
a field goal, quarterback sneaked to
a touchdown, and threw a 78-yard
pass for the winning score. He also
booted both conversion.?.
Three former Stanford athletes
performed this weekend before a
nationwide television audience, and
all three gave impressive showings.
Two basketballers—George Yard
ley and Jim Pollard—played in the
professional basketball game Satur
day afternoon between the Minne
apolis Lakers and the Fort Wayne
Pistons. Pollard sparked the Laker
team, while Yardley scored 13 points
to lead the Pistons to a 97-81 vic
tory.
Yesterday, quarterback Gary Ker
korian led the Baltimore Colts to a
big professional football upset, as
the Colts edged the 49ers. 17-13.
Kerkorian, one of three Baltimore
callers on the squad, played the
entire contest on offense. He kicked
a field goal, quarterback sneaked to
a touchdown, and threw a 78-yard
pass for the winning score. He also
booted both conversion.?.
Three former Stanford athletes
performed this weekend before a
nationwide television audience, and
all three gave impressive showings.
Two basketballers—George Yard
ley and Jim Pollard—played in the
professional basketball game Satur
day afternoon between the Minne
apolis Lakers and the Fort Wayne
Pistons. Pollard sparked the Laker
team, while Yardley scored 13 points
to lead the Pistons to a 97-81 vic
tory.
Yesterday, quarterback Gary Ker
korian led the Baltimore Colts to a
big professional football upset, as
the Colts edged the 49ers. 17-13.
Kerkorian, one of three Baltimore
callers on the squad, played the
entire contest on offense. He kicked
a field goal, quarterback sneaked to
a touchdown, and threw a 78-yard
pass for the winning score. He also
booted both conversion.?.
Three former Stanford athletes
performed this weekend before a
nationwide television audience, and
all three gave impressive showings.
Two basketballers—George Yard
ley and Jim Pollard—played in the
professional basketball game Satur
day afternoon between the Minne
apolis Lakers and the Fort Wayne
Pistons. Pollard sparked the Laker
team, while Yardley scored 13 points
to lead the Pistons to a 97-81 vic
tory.
Yesterday, quarterback Gary Ker
korian led the Baltimore Colts to a
big professional football upset, as
the Colts edged the 49ers. 17-13.
Kerkorian, one of three Baltimore
callers on the squad, played the
entire contest on offense. He kicked
a field goal, quarterback sneaked to
a touchdown, and threw a 78-yard
pass for the winning score. He also
booted both conversion.?.
Three former Stanford athletes
performed this weekend before a
nationwide television audience, and
all three gave impressive showings.
Two basketballers—George Yard
ley and Jim Pollard—played in the
professional basketball game Satur
day afternoon between the Minne
apolis Lakers and the Fort Wayne
Pistons. Pollard sparked the Laker
team, while Yardley scored 13 points
to lead the Pistons to a 97-81 vic
tory.
Yesterday, quarterback Gary Ker
korian led the Baltimore Colts to a
big professional football upset, as
the Colts edged the 49ers. 17-13.
Kerkorian, one of three Baltimore
callers on the squad, played the
entire contest on offense. He kicked
a field goal, quarterback sneaked to
a touchdown, and threw a 78-yard
pass for the winning score. He also
booted both conversion.?.
