# Lagunita To Hold Jolly-up Wednesday
## 
### 
Plans are nearly complete for the
Lagunita Court jolly-up to be held
Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Gym. The residents of the Oaks
have been invited as special guests.
Esther Pelton, head of the com
mittee in charge of the affair, an
nounced that Dick Stark would be
master of ceremonies, and that Jim
my Triolo, Phil Coghlan, Wally
Brooke, and Johnny Mottram are
helping in the arrangements. Caro
lyn Moore is in charge of publicity.
Plans are nearly complete for the
Lagunita Court jolly-up to be held
Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Gym. The residents of the Oaks
have been invited as special guests.
Esther Pelton, head of the com
mittee in charge of the affair, an
nounced that Dick Stark would be
master of ceremonies, and that Jim
my Triolo, Phil Coghlan, Wally
Brooke, and Johnny Mottram are
helping in the arrangements. Caro
lyn Moore is in charge of publicity.
Plans are nearly complete for the
Lagunita Court jolly-up to be held
Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Gym. The residents of the Oaks
have been invited as special guests.
Esther Pelton, head of the com
mittee in charge of the affair, an
nounced that Dick Stark would be
master of ceremonies, and that Jim
my Triolo, Phil Coghlan, Wally
Brooke, and Johnny Mottram are
helping in the arrangements. Caro
lyn Moore is in charge of publicity.
Plans are nearly complete for the
Lagunita Court jolly-up to be held
Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Gym. The residents of the Oaks
have been invited as special guests.
Esther Pelton, head of the com
mittee in charge of the affair, an
nounced that Dick Stark would be
master of ceremonies, and that Jim
my Triolo, Phil Coghlan, Wally
Brooke, and Johnny Mottram are
helping in the arrangements. Caro
lyn Moore is in charge of publicity.
Plans are nearly complete for the
Lagunita Court jolly-up to be held
Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Gym. The residents of the Oaks
have been invited as special guests.
Esther Pelton, head of the com
mittee in charge of the affair, an
nounced that Dick Stark would be
master of ceremonies, and that Jim
my Triolo, Phil Coghlan, Wally
Brooke, and Johnny Mottram are
helping in the arrangements. Caro
lyn Moore is in charge of publicity.
Plans are nearly complete for the
Lagunita Court jolly-up to be held
Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Gym. The residents of the Oaks
have been invited as special guests.
Esther Pelton, head of the com
mittee in charge of the affair, an
nounced that Dick Stark would be
master of ceremonies, and that Jim
my Triolo, Phil Coghlan, Wally
Brooke, and Johnny Mottram are
helping in the arrangements. Caro
lyn Moore is in charge of publicity.
Plans are nearly complete for the
Lagunita Court jolly-up to be held
Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Gym. The residents of the Oaks
have been invited as special guests.
Esther Pelton, head of the com
mittee in charge of the affair, an
nounced that Dick Stark would be
master of ceremonies, and that Jim
my Triolo, Phil Coghlan, Wally
Brooke, and Johnny Mottram are
helping in the arrangements. Caro
lyn Moore is in charge of publicity.
Plans are nearly complete for the
Lagunita Court jolly-up to be held
Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Gym. The residents of the Oaks
have been invited as special guests.
Esther Pelton, head of the com
mittee in charge of the affair, an
nounced that Dick Stark would be
master of ceremonies, and that Jim
my Triolo, Phil Coghlan, Wally
Brooke, and Johnny Mottram are
helping in the arrangements. Caro
lyn Moore is in charge of publicity.
Plans are nearly complete for the
Lagunita Court jolly-up to be held
Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Gym. The residents of the Oaks
have been invited as special guests.
Esther Pelton, head of the com
mittee in charge of the affair, an
nounced that Dick Stark would be
master of ceremonies, and that Jim
my Triolo, Phil Coghlan, Wally
Brooke, and Johnny Mottram are
helping in the arrangements. Caro
lyn Moore is in charge of publicity.
Plans are nearly complete for the
Lagunita Court jolly-up to be held
Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Gym. The residents of the Oaks
have been invited as special guests.
Esther Pelton, head of the com
mittee in charge of the affair, an
nounced that Dick Stark would be
master of ceremonies, and that Jim
my Triolo, Phil Coghlan, Wally
Brooke, and Johnny Mottram are
helping in the arrangements. Caro
lyn Moore is in charge of publicity.
Plans are nearly complete for the
Lagunita Court jolly-up to be held
Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Gym. The residents of the Oaks
have been invited as special guests.
Esther Pelton, head of the com
mittee in charge of the affair, an
nounced that Dick Stark would be
master of ceremonies, and that Jim
my Triolo, Phil Coghlan, Wally
Brooke, and Johnny Mottram are
helping in the arrangements. Caro
lyn Moore is in charge of publicity.
Plans are nearly complete for the
Lagunita Court jolly-up to be held
Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Gym. The residents of the Oaks
have been invited as special guests.
Esther Pelton, head of the com
mittee in charge of the affair, an
nounced that Dick Stark would be
master of ceremonies, and that Jim
my Triolo, Phil Coghlan, Wally
Brooke, and Johnny Mottram are
helping in the arrangements. Caro
lyn Moore is in charge of publicity.
Plans are nearly complete for the
Lagunita Court jolly-up to be held
Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Gym. The residents of the Oaks
have been invited as special guests.
Esther Pelton, head of the com
mittee in charge of the affair, an
nounced that Dick Stark would be
master of ceremonies, and that Jim
my Triolo, Phil Coghlan, Wally
Brooke, and Johnny Mottram are
helping in the arrangements. Caro
lyn Moore is in charge of publicity.
Plans are nearly complete for the
Lagunita Court jolly-up to be held
Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Gym. The residents of the Oaks
have been invited as special guests.
Esther Pelton, head of the com
mittee in charge of the affair, an
nounced that Dick Stark would be
master of ceremonies, and that Jim
my Triolo, Phil Coghlan, Wally
Brooke, and Johnny Mottram are
helping in the arrangements. Caro
lyn Moore is in charge of publicity.
Plans are nearly complete for the
Lagunita Court jolly-up to be held
Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Gym. The residents of the Oaks
have been invited as special guests.
Esther Pelton, head of the com
mittee in charge of the affair, an
nounced that Dick Stark would be
master of ceremonies, and that Jim
my Triolo, Phil Coghlan, Wally
Brooke, and Johnny Mottram are
helping in the arrangements. Caro
lyn Moore is in charge of publicity.
Plans are nearly complete for the
Lagunita Court jolly-up to be held
Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Gym. The residents of the Oaks
have been invited as special guests.
Esther Pelton, head of the com
mittee in charge of the affair, an
nounced that Dick Stark would be
master of ceremonies, and that Jim
my Triolo, Phil Coghlan, Wally
Brooke, and Johnny Mottram are
helping in the arrangements. Caro
lyn Moore is in charge of publicity.
