# BASEBALL POSTPONED
## 
### 
Because of the heavy rain, the
game scheduled for Saturday after
noon between the Stanford varsity
baseball team and the Martinez
Super-Shells was called ofT. The
conference season opens a week
from Tuesday against Santa Clura.
Because of the heavy rain, the
game scheduled for Saturday after
noon between the Stanford varsity
baseball team and the Martinez
Super-Shells was called ofT. The
conference season opens a week
from Tuesday against Santa Clura.
Because of the heavy rain, the
game scheduled for Saturday after
noon between the Stanford varsity
baseball team and the Martinez
Super-Shells was called ofT. The
conference season opens a week
from Tuesday against Santa Clura.
Because of the heavy rain, the
game scheduled for Saturday after
noon between the Stanford varsity
baseball team and the Martinez
Super-Shells was called ofT. The
conference season opens a week
from Tuesday against Santa Clura.
Because of the heavy rain, the
game scheduled for Saturday after
noon between the Stanford varsity
baseball team and the Martinez
Super-Shells was called ofT. The
conference season opens a week
from Tuesday against Santa Clura.
Because of the heavy rain, the
game scheduled for Saturday after
noon between the Stanford varsity
baseball team and the Martinez
Super-Shells was called ofT. The
conference season opens a week
from Tuesday against Santa Clura.
Because of the heavy rain, the
game scheduled for Saturday after
noon between the Stanford varsity
baseball team and the Martinez
Super-Shells was called ofT. The
conference season opens a week
from Tuesday against Santa Clura.
Because of the heavy rain, the
game scheduled for Saturday after
noon between the Stanford varsity
baseball team and the Martinez
Super-Shells was called ofT. The
conference season opens a week
from Tuesday against Santa Clura.
Because of the heavy rain, the
game scheduled for Saturday after
noon between the Stanford varsity
baseball team and the Martinez
Super-Shells was called ofT. The
conference season opens a week
from Tuesday against Santa Clura.
Because of the heavy rain, the
game scheduled for Saturday after
noon between the Stanford varsity
baseball team and the Martinez
Super-Shells was called ofT. The
conference season opens a week
from Tuesday against Santa Clura.
Because of the heavy rain, the
game scheduled for Saturday after
noon between the Stanford varsity
baseball team and the Martinez
Super-Shells was called ofT. The
conference season opens a week
from Tuesday against Santa Clura.
Because of the heavy rain, the
game scheduled for Saturday after
noon between the Stanford varsity
baseball team and the Martinez
Super-Shells was called ofT. The
conference season opens a week
from Tuesday against Santa Clura.
Because of the heavy rain, the
game scheduled for Saturday after
noon between the Stanford varsity
baseball team and the Martinez
Super-Shells was called ofT. The
conference season opens a week
from Tuesday against Santa Clura.
Because of the heavy rain, the
game scheduled for Saturday after
noon between the Stanford varsity
baseball team and the Martinez
Super-Shells was called ofT. The
conference season opens a week
from Tuesday against Santa Clura.
Because of the heavy rain, the
game scheduled for Saturday after
noon between the Stanford varsity
baseball team and the Martinez
Super-Shells was called ofT. The
conference season opens a week
from Tuesday against Santa Clura.
Because of the heavy rain, the
game scheduled for Saturday after
noon between the Stanford varsity
baseball team and the Martinez
Super-Shells was called ofT. The
conference season opens a week
from Tuesday against Santa Clura.
