# Cal Votes $500 To Olympics
## 
### 
With a $500 grant voted by the
A.S.U.C. executive committee to the
games fund, the University of Cali
fornia is today on record as officially
favoring American participation in
the Berlin Olympics next August.
The grant came last week after
strong opposition from The Daily
Californian. Lawrence Resner, edi
tor, campaigned against the move
because, he said, the Nazi regime
was not in line with American ideals
and sportsmanship.
He also charged that the Ex Com
mittee had been "railroaded" into
the grant by the Games Committee
in New York. While the grant was
passed unanimously, several com
mitteemen allegedly expressed dis
favor and did not vote. An amend
ment to the grant stated official re
gret that the Olympics would be held
in Germany.
With a $500 grant voted by the
A.S.U.C. executive committee to the
games fund, the University of Cali
fornia is today on record as officially
favoring American participation in
the Berlin Olympics next August.
The grant came last week after
strong opposition from The Daily
Californian. Lawrence Resner, edi
tor, campaigned against the move
because, he said, the Nazi regime
was not in line with American ideals
and sportsmanship.
He also charged that the Ex Com
mittee had been "railroaded" into
the grant by the Games Committee
in New York. While the grant was
passed unanimously, several com
mitteemen allegedly expressed dis
favor and did not vote. An amend
ment to the grant stated official re
gret that the Olympics would be held
in Germany.
With a $500 grant voted by the
A.S.U.C. executive committee to the
games fund, the University of Cali
fornia is today on record as officially
favoring American participation in
the Berlin Olympics next August.
The grant came last week after
strong opposition from The Daily
Californian. Lawrence Resner, edi
tor, campaigned against the move
because, he said, the Nazi regime
was not in line with American ideals
and sportsmanship.
He also charged that the Ex Com
mittee had been "railroaded" into
the grant by the Games Committee
in New York. While the grant was
passed unanimously, several com
mitteemen allegedly expressed dis
favor and did not vote. An amend
ment to the grant stated official re
gret that the Olympics would be held
in Germany.
With a $500 grant voted by the
A.S.U.C. executive committee to the
games fund, the University of Cali
fornia is today on record as officially
favoring American participation in
the Berlin Olympics next August.
The grant came last week after
strong opposition from The Daily
Californian. Lawrence Resner, edi
tor, campaigned against the move
because, he said, the Nazi regime
was not in line with American ideals
and sportsmanship.
He also charged that the Ex Com
mittee had been "railroaded" into
the grant by the Games Committee
in New York. While the grant was
passed unanimously, several com
mitteemen allegedly expressed dis
favor and did not vote. An amend
ment to the grant stated official re
gret that the Olympics would be held
in Germany.
With a $500 grant voted by the
A.S.U.C. executive committee to the
games fund, the University of Cali
fornia is today on record as officially
favoring American participation in
the Berlin Olympics next August.
The grant came last week after
strong opposition from The Daily
Californian. Lawrence Resner, edi
tor, campaigned against the move
because, he said, the Nazi regime
was not in line with American ideals
and sportsmanship.
He also charged that the Ex Com
mittee had been "railroaded" into
the grant by the Games Committee
in New York. While the grant was
passed unanimously, several com
mitteemen allegedly expressed dis
favor and did not vote. An amend
ment to the grant stated official re
gret that the Olympics would be held
in Germany.
With a $500 grant voted by the
A.S.U.C. executive committee to the
games fund, the University of Cali
fornia is today on record as officially
favoring American participation in
the Berlin Olympics next August.
The grant came last week after
strong opposition from The Daily
Californian. Lawrence Resner, edi
tor, campaigned against the move
because, he said, the Nazi regime
was not in line with American ideals
and sportsmanship.
He also charged that the Ex Com
mittee had been "railroaded" into
the grant by the Games Committee
in New York. While the grant was
passed unanimously, several com
mitteemen allegedly expressed dis
favor and did not vote. An amend
ment to the grant stated official re
gret that the Olympics would be held
in Germany.
With a $500 grant voted by the
A.S.U.C. executive committee to the
games fund, the University of Cali
fornia is today on record as officially
favoring American participation in
the Berlin Olympics next August.
The grant came last week after
strong opposition from The Daily
Californian. Lawrence Resner, edi
tor, campaigned against the move
because, he said, the Nazi regime
was not in line with American ideals
and sportsmanship.
He also charged that the Ex Com
mittee had been "railroaded" into
the grant by the Games Committee
in New York. While the grant was
passed unanimously, several com
mitteemen allegedly expressed dis
favor and did not vote. An amend
ment to the grant stated official re
gret that the Olympics would be held
in Germany.
With a $500 grant voted by the
A.S.U.C. executive committee to the
games fund, the University of Cali
fornia is today on record as officially
favoring American participation in
the Berlin Olympics next August.
The grant came last week after
strong opposition from The Daily
Californian. Lawrence Resner, edi
tor, campaigned against the move
because, he said, the Nazi regime
was not in line with American ideals
and sportsmanship.
He also charged that the Ex Com
mittee had been "railroaded" into
the grant by the Games Committee
in New York. While the grant was
passed unanimously, several com
mitteemen allegedly expressed dis
favor and did not vote. An amend
ment to the grant stated official re
gret that the Olympics would be held
in Germany.
With a $500 grant voted by the
A.S.U.C. executive committee to the
games fund, the University of Cali
fornia is today on record as officially
favoring American participation in
the Berlin Olympics next August.
The grant came last week after
strong opposition from The Daily
Californian. Lawrence Resner, edi
tor, campaigned against the move
because, he said, the Nazi regime
was not in line with American ideals
and sportsmanship.
He also charged that the Ex Com
mittee had been "railroaded" into
the grant by the Games Committee
in New York. While the grant was
passed unanimously, several com
mitteemen allegedly expressed dis
favor and did not vote. An amend
ment to the grant stated official re
gret that the Olympics would be held
in Germany.
With a $500 grant voted by the
A.S.U.C. executive committee to the
games fund, the University of Cali
fornia is today on record as officially
favoring American participation in
the Berlin Olympics next August.
The grant came last week after
strong opposition from The Daily
Californian. Lawrence Resner, edi
tor, campaigned against the move
because, he said, the Nazi regime
was not in line with American ideals
and sportsmanship.
He also charged that the Ex Com
mittee had been "railroaded" into
the grant by the Games Committee
in New York. While the grant was
passed unanimously, several com
mitteemen allegedly expressed dis
favor and did not vote. An amend
ment to the grant stated official re
gret that the Olympics would be held
in Germany.
With a $500 grant voted by the
A.S.U.C. executive committee to the
games fund, the University of Cali
fornia is today on record as officially
favoring American participation in
the Berlin Olympics next August.
The grant came last week after
strong opposition from The Daily
Californian. Lawrence Resner, edi
tor, campaigned against the move
because, he said, the Nazi regime
was not in line with American ideals
and sportsmanship.
He also charged that the Ex Com
mittee had been "railroaded" into
the grant by the Games Committee
in New York. While the grant was
passed unanimously, several com
mitteemen allegedly expressed dis
favor and did not vote. An amend
ment to the grant stated official re
gret that the Olympics would be held
in Germany.
With a $500 grant voted by the
A.S.U.C. executive committee to the
games fund, the University of Cali
fornia is today on record as officially
favoring American participation in
the Berlin Olympics next August.
The grant came last week after
strong opposition from The Daily
Californian. Lawrence Resner, edi
tor, campaigned against the move
because, he said, the Nazi regime
was not in line with American ideals
and sportsmanship.
He also charged that the Ex Com
mittee had been "railroaded" into
the grant by the Games Committee
in New York. While the grant was
passed unanimously, several com
mitteemen allegedly expressed dis
favor and did not vote. An amend
ment to the grant stated official re
gret that the Olympics would be held
in Germany.
With a $500 grant voted by the
A.S.U.C. executive committee to the
games fund, the University of Cali
fornia is today on record as officially
favoring American participation in
the Berlin Olympics next August.
The grant came last week after
strong opposition from The Daily
Californian. Lawrence Resner, edi
tor, campaigned against the move
because, he said, the Nazi regime
was not in line with American ideals
and sportsmanship.
He also charged that the Ex Com
mittee had been "railroaded" into
the grant by the Games Committee
in New York. While the grant was
passed unanimously, several com
mitteemen allegedly expressed dis
favor and did not vote. An amend
ment to the grant stated official re
gret that the Olympics would be held
in Germany.
With a $500 grant voted by the
A.S.U.C. executive committee to the
games fund, the University of Cali
fornia is today on record as officially
favoring American participation in
the Berlin Olympics next August.
The grant came last week after
strong opposition from The Daily
Californian. Lawrence Resner, edi
tor, campaigned against the move
because, he said, the Nazi regime
was not in line with American ideals
and sportsmanship.
He also charged that the Ex Com
mittee had been "railroaded" into
the grant by the Games Committee
in New York. While the grant was
passed unanimously, several com
mitteemen allegedly expressed dis
favor and did not vote. An amend
ment to the grant stated official re
gret that the Olympics would be held
in Germany.
With a $500 grant voted by the
A.S.U.C. executive committee to the
games fund, the University of Cali
fornia is today on record as officially
favoring American participation in
the Berlin Olympics next August.
The grant came last week after
strong opposition from The Daily
Californian. Lawrence Resner, edi
tor, campaigned against the move
because, he said, the Nazi regime
was not in line with American ideals
and sportsmanship.
He also charged that the Ex Com
mittee had been "railroaded" into
the grant by the Games Committee
in New York. While the grant was
passed unanimously, several com
mitteemen allegedly expressed dis
favor and did not vote. An amend
ment to the grant stated official re
gret that the Olympics would be held
in Germany.
With a $500 grant voted by the
A.S.U.C. executive committee to the
games fund, the University of Cali
fornia is today on record as officially
favoring American participation in
the Berlin Olympics next August.
The grant came last week after
strong opposition from The Daily
Californian. Lawrence Resner, edi
tor, campaigned against the move
because, he said, the Nazi regime
was not in line with American ideals
and sportsmanship.
He also charged that the Ex Com
mittee had been "railroaded" into
the grant by the Games Committee
in New York. While the grant was
passed unanimously, several com
mitteemen allegedly expressed dis
favor and did not vote. An amend
ment to the grant stated official re
gret that the Olympics would be held
in Germany.
