# Plants.
## 
### 
Full assortment, 1 »est kinds, rea
sonable prices. Sunset plants are
raised for selling, and must l>e
moved to make room for next sea
son's growing. Residents of the
I'niversity, Palo Alto, Maytield,
and vicinity, who purpose planting,
will save money l»y patronizing
Si'xskt Nurseries, Menlo Park.
Full assortment, 1 »est kinds, rea
sonable prices. Sunset plants are
raised for selling, and must l>e
moved to make room for next sea
son's growing. Residents of the
I'niversity, Palo Alto, Maytield,
and vicinity, who purpose planting,
will save money l»y patronizing
Si'xskt Nurseries, Menlo Park.
Full assortment, 1 »est kinds, rea
sonable prices. Sunset plants are
raised for selling, and must l>e
moved to make room for next sea
son's growing. Residents of the
I'niversity, Palo Alto, Maytield,
and vicinity, who purpose planting,
will save money l»y patronizing
Si'xskt Nurseries, Menlo Park.
Full assortment, 1 »est kinds, rea
sonable prices. Sunset plants are
raised for selling, and must l>e
moved to make room for next sea
son's growing. Residents of the
I'niversity, Palo Alto, Maytield,
and vicinity, who purpose planting,
will save money l»y patronizing
Si'xskt Nurseries, Menlo Park.
Full assortment, 1 »est kinds, rea
sonable prices. Sunset plants are
raised for selling, and must l>e
moved to make room for next sea
son's growing. Residents of the
I'niversity, Palo Alto, Maytield,
and vicinity, who purpose planting,
will save money l»y patronizing
Si'xskt Nurseries, Menlo Park.
