# Roving Ballot Box Proposal Thrown Out by Legislature
## 
### Barbara Hicks Staff Editor 
The proposal of traveling bal
lot boxes for the forthcoming AS
SU elections was defeated by Leg
islature in a more than two-hour
session last night in Bowman
Alumni House.
Fearing discrimination for the
living groups which were sug

gested to receive the boxes —
Men's Row, Stern and Toyon —
Legislature instructed Elections
Commission to restrict its polling
places to the immediate area of
the Quad.
Richards Commended
Bill Richards, chairman of Elec
tions Commission, was given a
vote of confidence by the Legis
lature, and commended for his
work.
Legislature also approved a
resolution recommending the for
mation of an association with
other Bay Area colleges to share
expenses of bringing national po
litical speakers to campus. Kil*
burn MacMurraugh, president of
the Political Union, was empow
ered to begin negotiation.
The formation of a Public Af
fairs Co-ordinating Committee
was approved.
Amendments to Appear
Also approved and set to ap
pear on the ASSU elections bal
lot was the following constitu
tional amendment:
Article 111, Section 1: ... Each
representative shall be a resident
of the living area or a member
of the academic division from
which he is elected at the tune
he is representing them.
Other actions of the Legisla
ture include the approval of Sam
uel N. Donaldson as Business
School representative; the ap
pointment of Grace Mohns as
Florence Moore representative;
Peter Donnelly, Men's Row rep
resentative; and Jan Arthur and
Donaldson, Legislature represen
tatives to Publications Board.
The proposal of traveling bal
lot boxes for the forthcoming AS
SU elections was defeated by Leg
islature in a more than two-hour
session last night in Bowman
Alumni House.
Fearing discrimination for the
living groups which were sug

gested to receive the boxes —
Men's Row, Stern and Toyon —
Legislature instructed Elections
Commission to restrict its polling
places to the immediate area of
the Quad.
Richards Commended
Bill Richards, chairman of Elec
tions Commission, was given a
vote of confidence by the Legis
lature, and commended for his
work.
Legislature also approved a
resolution recommending the for
mation of an association with
other Bay Area colleges to share
expenses of bringing national po
litical speakers to campus. Kil*
burn MacMurraugh, president of
the Political Union, was empow
ered to begin negotiation.
The formation of a Public Af
fairs Co-ordinating Committee
was approved.
Amendments to Appear
Also approved and set to ap
pear on the ASSU elections bal
lot was the following constitu
tional amendment:
Article 111, Section 1: ... Each
representative shall be a resident
of the living area or a member
of the academic division from
which he is elected at the tune
he is representing them.
Other actions of the Legisla
ture include the approval of Sam
uel N. Donaldson as Business
School representative; the ap
pointment of Grace Mohns as
Florence Moore representative;
Peter Donnelly, Men's Row rep
resentative; and Jan Arthur and
Donaldson, Legislature represen
tatives to Publications Board.
The proposal of traveling bal
lot boxes for the forthcoming AS
SU elections was defeated by Leg
islature in a more than two-hour
session last night in Bowman
Alumni House.
Fearing discrimination for the
living groups which were sug

gested to receive the boxes —
Men's Row, Stern and Toyon —
Legislature instructed Elections
Commission to restrict its polling
places to the immediate area of
the Quad.
Richards Commended
Bill Richards, chairman of Elec
tions Commission, was given a
vote of confidence by the Legis
lature, and commended for his
work.
Legislature also approved a
resolution recommending the for
mation of an association with
other Bay Area colleges to share
expenses of bringing national po
litical speakers to campus. Kil*
burn MacMurraugh, president of
the Political Union, was empow
ered to begin negotiation.
The formation of a Public Af
fairs Co-ordinating Committee
was approved.
Amendments to Appear
Also approved and set to ap
pear on the ASSU elections bal
lot was the following constitu
tional amendment:
Article 111, Section 1: ... Each
representative shall be a resident
of the living area or a member
of the academic division from
which he is elected at the tune
he is representing them.
Other actions of the Legisla
ture include the approval of Sam
uel N. Donaldson as Business
School representative; the ap
pointment of Grace Mohns as
Florence Moore representative;
Peter Donnelly, Men's Row rep
resentative; and Jan Arthur and
Donaldson, Legislature represen
tatives to Publications Board.
The proposal of traveling bal
lot boxes for the forthcoming AS
SU elections was defeated by Leg
islature in a more than two-hour
session last night in Bowman
Alumni House.
Fearing discrimination for the
living groups which were sug

gested to receive the boxes —
Men's Row, Stern and Toyon —
Legislature instructed Elections
Commission to restrict its polling
places to the immediate area of
the Quad.
Richards Commended
Bill Richards, chairman of Elec
tions Commission, was given a
vote of confidence by the Legis
lature, and commended for his
work.
Legislature also approved a
resolution recommending the for
mation of an association with
other Bay Area colleges to share
expenses of bringing national po
litical speakers to campus. Kil*
burn MacMurraugh, president of
the Political Union, was empow
ered to begin negotiation.
The formation of a Public Af
fairs Co-ordinating Committee
was approved.
Amendments to Appear
Also approved and set to ap
pear on the ASSU elections bal
lot was the following constitu
tional amendment:
Article 111, Section 1: ... Each
representative shall be a resident
of the living area or a member
of the academic division from
which he is elected at the tune
he is representing them.
Other actions of the Legisla
ture include the approval of Sam
uel N. Donaldson as Business
School representative; the ap
pointment of Grace Mohns as
Florence Moore representative;
Peter Donnelly, Men's Row rep
resentative; and Jan Arthur and
Donaldson, Legislature represen
tatives to Publications Board.
The proposal of traveling bal
lot boxes for the forthcoming AS
SU elections was defeated by Leg
islature in a more than two-hour
session last night in Bowman
Alumni House.
Fearing discrimination for the
living groups which were sug

gested to receive the boxes —
Men's Row, Stern and Toyon —
Legislature instructed Elections
Commission to restrict its polling
places to the immediate area of
the Quad.
Richards Commended
Bill Richards, chairman of Elec
tions Commission, was given a
vote of confidence by the Legis
lature, and commended for his
work.
Legislature also approved a
resolution recommending the for
mation of an association with
other Bay Area colleges to share
expenses of bringing national po
litical speakers to campus. Kil*
burn MacMurraugh, president of
the Political Union, was empow
ered to begin negotiation.
The formation of a Public Af
fairs Co-ordinating Committee
was approved.
Amendments to Appear
Also approved and set to ap
pear on the ASSU elections bal
lot was the following constitu
tional amendment:
Article 111, Section 1: ... Each
representative shall be a resident
of the living area or a member
of the academic division from
which he is elected at the tune
he is representing them.
Other actions of the Legisla
ture include the approval of Sam
uel N. Donaldson as Business
School representative; the ap
pointment of Grace Mohns as
Florence Moore representative;
Peter Donnelly, Men's Row rep
resentative; and Jan Arthur and
Donaldson, Legislature represen
tatives to Publications Board.
The proposal of traveling bal
lot boxes for the forthcoming AS
SU elections was defeated by Leg
islature in a more than two-hour
session last night in Bowman
Alumni House.
Fearing discrimination for the
living groups which were sug

gested to receive the boxes —
Men's Row, Stern and Toyon —
Legislature instructed Elections
Commission to restrict its polling
places to the immediate area of
the Quad.
Richards Commended
Bill Richards, chairman of Elec
tions Commission, was given a
vote of confidence by the Legis
lature, and commended for his
work.
Legislature also approved a
resolution recommending the for
mation of an association with
other Bay Area colleges to share
expenses of bringing national po
litical speakers to campus. Kil*
burn MacMurraugh, president of
the Political Union, was empow
ered to begin negotiation.
The formation of a Public Af
fairs Co-ordinating Committee
was approved.
Amendments to Appear
Also approved and set to ap
pear on the ASSU elections bal
lot was the following constitu
tional amendment:
Article 111, Section 1: ... Each
representative shall be a resident
of the living area or a member
of the academic division from
which he is elected at the tune
he is representing them.
Other actions of the Legisla
ture include the approval of Sam
uel N. Donaldson as Business
School representative; the ap
pointment of Grace Mohns as
Florence Moore representative;
Peter Donnelly, Men's Row rep
resentative; and Jan Arthur and
Donaldson, Legislature represen
tatives to Publications Board.
The proposal of traveling bal
lot boxes for the forthcoming AS
SU elections was defeated by Leg
islature in a more than two-hour
session last night in Bowman
Alumni House.
Fearing discrimination for the
living groups which were sug

gested to receive the boxes —
Men's Row, Stern and Toyon —
Legislature instructed Elections
Commission to restrict its polling
places to the immediate area of
the Quad.
Richards Commended
Bill Richards, chairman of Elec
tions Commission, was given a
vote of confidence by the Legis
lature, and commended for his
work.
Legislature also approved a
resolution recommending the for
mation of an association with
other Bay Area colleges to share
expenses of bringing national po
litical speakers to campus. Kil*
burn MacMurraugh, president of
the Political Union, was empow
ered to begin negotiation.
The formation of a Public Af
fairs Co-ordinating Committee
was approved.
Amendments to Appear
Also approved and set to ap
pear on the ASSU elections bal
lot was the following constitu
tional amendment:
Article 111, Section 1: ... Each
representative shall be a resident
of the living area or a member
of the academic division from
which he is elected at the tune
he is representing them.
Other actions of the Legisla
ture include the approval of Sam
uel N. Donaldson as Business
School representative; the ap
pointment of Grace Mohns as
Florence Moore representative;
Peter Donnelly, Men's Row rep
resentative; and Jan Arthur and
Donaldson, Legislature represen
tatives to Publications Board.
The proposal of traveling bal
lot boxes for the forthcoming AS
SU elections was defeated by Leg
islature in a more than two-hour
session last night in Bowman
Alumni House.
Fearing discrimination for the
living groups which were sug

gested to receive the boxes —
Men's Row, Stern and Toyon —
Legislature instructed Elections
Commission to restrict its polling
places to the immediate area of
the Quad.
Richards Commended
Bill Richards, chairman of Elec
tions Commission, was given a
vote of confidence by the Legis
lature, and commended for his
work.
Legislature also approved a
resolution recommending the for
mation of an association with
other Bay Area colleges to share
expenses of bringing national po
litical speakers to campus. Kil*
burn MacMurraugh, president of
the Political Union, was empow
ered to begin negotiation.
The formation of a Public Af
fairs Co-ordinating Committee
was approved.
Amendments to Appear
Also approved and set to ap
pear on the ASSU elections bal
lot was the following constitu
tional amendment:
Article 111, Section 1: ... Each
representative shall be a resident
of the living area or a member
of the academic division from
which he is elected at the tune
he is representing them.
Other actions of the Legisla
ture include the approval of Sam
uel N. Donaldson as Business
School representative; the ap
pointment of Grace Mohns as
Florence Moore representative;
Peter Donnelly, Men's Row rep
resentative; and Jan Arthur and
Donaldson, Legislature represen
tatives to Publications Board.
The proposal of traveling bal
lot boxes for the forthcoming AS
SU elections was defeated by Leg
islature in a more than two-hour
session last night in Bowman
Alumni House.
Fearing discrimination for the
living groups which were sug

gested to receive the boxes —
Men's Row, Stern and Toyon —
Legislature instructed Elections
Commission to restrict its polling
places to the immediate area of
the Quad.
Richards Commended
Bill Richards, chairman of Elec
tions Commission, was given a
vote of confidence by the Legis
lature, and commended for his
work.
Legislature also approved a
resolution recommending the for
mation of an association with
other Bay Area colleges to share
expenses of bringing national po
litical speakers to campus. Kil*
burn MacMurraugh, president of
the Political Union, was empow
ered to begin negotiation.
The formation of a Public Af
fairs Co-ordinating Committee
was approved.
Amendments to Appear
Also approved and set to ap
pear on the ASSU elections bal
lot was the following constitu
tional amendment:
Article 111, Section 1: ... Each
representative shall be a resident
of the living area or a member
of the academic division from
which he is elected at the tune
he is representing them.
Other actions of the Legisla
ture include the approval of Sam
uel N. Donaldson as Business
School representative; the ap
pointment of Grace Mohns as
Florence Moore representative;
Peter Donnelly, Men's Row rep
resentative; and Jan Arthur and
Donaldson, Legislature represen
tatives to Publications Board.
The proposal of traveling bal
lot boxes for the forthcoming AS
SU elections was defeated by Leg
islature in a more than two-hour
session last night in Bowman
Alumni House.
Fearing discrimination for the
living groups which were sug

gested to receive the boxes —
Men's Row, Stern and Toyon —
Legislature instructed Elections
Commission to restrict its polling
places to the immediate area of
the Quad.
Richards Commended
Bill Richards, chairman of Elec
tions Commission, was given a
vote of confidence by the Legis
lature, and commended for his
work.
Legislature also approved a
resolution recommending the for
mation of an association with
other Bay Area colleges to share
expenses of bringing national po
litical speakers to campus. Kil*
burn MacMurraugh, president of
the Political Union, was empow
ered to begin negotiation.
The formation of a Public Af
fairs Co-ordinating Committee
was approved.
Amendments to Appear
Also approved and set to ap
pear on the ASSU elections bal
lot was the following constitu
tional amendment:
Article 111, Section 1: ... Each
representative shall be a resident
of the living area or a member
of the academic division from
which he is elected at the tune
he is representing them.
Other actions of the Legisla
ture include the approval of Sam
uel N. Donaldson as Business
School representative; the ap
pointment of Grace Mohns as
Florence Moore representative;
Peter Donnelly, Men's Row rep
resentative; and Jan Arthur and
Donaldson, Legislature represen
tatives to Publications Board.
The proposal of traveling bal
lot boxes for the forthcoming AS
SU elections was defeated by Leg
islature in a more than two-hour
session last night in Bowman
Alumni House.
Fearing discrimination for the
living groups which were sug

gested to receive the boxes —
Men's Row, Stern and Toyon —
Legislature instructed Elections
Commission to restrict its polling
places to the immediate area of
the Quad.
Richards Commended
Bill Richards, chairman of Elec
tions Commission, was given a
vote of confidence by the Legis
lature, and commended for his
work.
Legislature also approved a
resolution recommending the for
mation of an association with
other Bay Area colleges to share
expenses of bringing national po
litical speakers to campus. Kil*
burn MacMurraugh, president of
the Political Union, was empow
ered to begin negotiation.
The formation of a Public Af
fairs Co-ordinating Committee
was approved.
Amendments to Appear
Also approved and set to ap
pear on the ASSU elections bal
lot was the following constitu
tional amendment:
Article 111, Section 1: ... Each
representative shall be a resident
of the living area or a member
of the academic division from
which he is elected at the tune
he is representing them.
Other actions of the Legisla
ture include the approval of Sam
uel N. Donaldson as Business
School representative; the ap
pointment of Grace Mohns as
Florence Moore representative;
Peter Donnelly, Men's Row rep
resentative; and Jan Arthur and
Donaldson, Legislature represen
tatives to Publications Board.
The proposal of traveling bal
lot boxes for the forthcoming AS
SU elections was defeated by Leg
islature in a more than two-hour
session last night in Bowman
Alumni House.
Fearing discrimination for the
living groups which were sug

gested to receive the boxes —
Men's Row, Stern and Toyon —
Legislature instructed Elections
Commission to restrict its polling
places to the immediate area of
the Quad.
Richards Commended
Bill Richards, chairman of Elec
tions Commission, was given a
vote of confidence by the Legis
lature, and commended for his
work.
Legislature also approved a
resolution recommending the for
mation of an association with
other Bay Area colleges to share
expenses of bringing national po
litical speakers to campus. Kil*
burn MacMurraugh, president of
the Political Union, was empow
ered to begin negotiation.
The formation of a Public Af
fairs Co-ordinating Committee
was approved.
Amendments to Appear
Also approved and set to ap
pear on the ASSU elections bal
lot was the following constitu
tional amendment:
Article 111, Section 1: ... Each
representative shall be a resident
of the living area or a member
of the academic division from
which he is elected at the tune
he is representing them.
Other actions of the Legisla
ture include the approval of Sam
uel N. Donaldson as Business
School representative; the ap
pointment of Grace Mohns as
Florence Moore representative;
Peter Donnelly, Men's Row rep
resentative; and Jan Arthur and
Donaldson, Legislature represen
tatives to Publications Board.
The proposal of traveling bal
lot boxes for the forthcoming AS
SU elections was defeated by Leg
islature in a more than two-hour
session last night in Bowman
Alumni House.
Fearing discrimination for the
living groups which were sug

gested to receive the boxes —
Men's Row, Stern and Toyon —
Legislature instructed Elections
Commission to restrict its polling
places to the immediate area of
the Quad.
Richards Commended
Bill Richards, chairman of Elec
tions Commission, was given a
vote of confidence by the Legis
lature, and commended for his
work.
Legislature also approved a
resolution recommending the for
mation of an association with
other Bay Area colleges to share
expenses of bringing national po
litical speakers to campus. Kil*
burn MacMurraugh, president of
the Political Union, was empow
ered to begin negotiation.
The formation of a Public Af
fairs Co-ordinating Committee
was approved.
Amendments to Appear
Also approved and set to ap
pear on the ASSU elections bal
lot was the following constitu
tional amendment:
Article 111, Section 1: ... Each
representative shall be a resident
of the living area or a member
of the academic division from
which he is elected at the tune
he is representing them.
Other actions of the Legisla
ture include the approval of Sam
uel N. Donaldson as Business
School representative; the ap
pointment of Grace Mohns as
Florence Moore representative;
Peter Donnelly, Men's Row rep
resentative; and Jan Arthur and
Donaldson, Legislature represen
tatives to Publications Board.
The proposal of traveling bal
lot boxes for the forthcoming AS
SU elections was defeated by Leg
islature in a more than two-hour
session last night in Bowman
Alumni House.
Fearing discrimination for the
living groups which were sug

gested to receive the boxes —
Men's Row, Stern and Toyon —
Legislature instructed Elections
Commission to restrict its polling
places to the immediate area of
the Quad.
Richards Commended
Bill Richards, chairman of Elec
tions Commission, was given a
vote of confidence by the Legis
lature, and commended for his
work.
Legislature also approved a
resolution recommending the for
mation of an association with
other Bay Area colleges to share
expenses of bringing national po
litical speakers to campus. Kil*
burn MacMurraugh, president of
the Political Union, was empow
ered to begin negotiation.
The formation of a Public Af
fairs Co-ordinating Committee
was approved.
Amendments to Appear
Also approved and set to ap
pear on the ASSU elections bal
lot was the following constitu
tional amendment:
Article 111, Section 1: ... Each
representative shall be a resident
of the living area or a member
of the academic division from
which he is elected at the tune
he is representing them.
Other actions of the Legisla
ture include the approval of Sam
uel N. Donaldson as Business
School representative; the ap
pointment of Grace Mohns as
Florence Moore representative;
Peter Donnelly, Men's Row rep
resentative; and Jan Arthur and
Donaldson, Legislature represen
tatives to Publications Board.
The proposal of traveling bal
lot boxes for the forthcoming AS
SU elections was defeated by Leg
islature in a more than two-hour
session last night in Bowman
Alumni House.
Fearing discrimination for the
living groups which were sug

gested to receive the boxes —
Men's Row, Stern and Toyon —
Legislature instructed Elections
Commission to restrict its polling
places to the immediate area of
the Quad.
Richards Commended
Bill Richards, chairman of Elec
tions Commission, was given a
vote of confidence by the Legis
lature, and commended for his
work.
Legislature also approved a
resolution recommending the for
mation of an association with
other Bay Area colleges to share
expenses of bringing national po
litical speakers to campus. Kil*
burn MacMurraugh, president of
the Political Union, was empow
ered to begin negotiation.
The formation of a Public Af
fairs Co-ordinating Committee
was approved.
Amendments to Appear
Also approved and set to ap
pear on the ASSU elections bal
lot was the following constitu
tional amendment:
Article 111, Section 1: ... Each
representative shall be a resident
of the living area or a member
of the academic division from
which he is elected at the tune
he is representing them.
Other actions of the Legisla
ture include the approval of Sam
uel N. Donaldson as Business
School representative; the ap
pointment of Grace Mohns as
Florence Moore representative;
Peter Donnelly, Men's Row rep
resentative; and Jan Arthur and
Donaldson, Legislature represen
tatives to Publications Board.
The proposal of traveling bal
lot boxes for the forthcoming AS
SU elections was defeated by Leg
islature in a more than two-hour
session last night in Bowman
Alumni House.
Fearing discrimination for the
living groups which were sug

gested to receive the boxes —
Men's Row, Stern and Toyon —
Legislature instructed Elections
Commission to restrict its polling
places to the immediate area of
the Quad.
Richards Commended
Bill Richards, chairman of Elec
tions Commission, was given a
vote of confidence by the Legis
lature, and commended for his
work.
Legislature also approved a
resolution recommending the for
mation of an association with
other Bay Area colleges to share
expenses of bringing national po
litical speakers to campus. Kil*
burn MacMurraugh, president of
the Political Union, was empow
ered to begin negotiation.
The formation of a Public Af
fairs Co-ordinating Committee
was approved.
Amendments to Appear
Also approved and set to ap
pear on the ASSU elections bal
lot was the following constitu
tional amendment:
Article 111, Section 1: ... Each
representative shall be a resident
of the living area or a member
of the academic division from
which he is elected at the tune
he is representing them.
Other actions of the Legisla
ture include the approval of Sam
uel N. Donaldson as Business
School representative; the ap
pointment of Grace Mohns as
Florence Moore representative;
Peter Donnelly, Men's Row rep
resentative; and Jan Arthur and
Donaldson, Legislature represen
tatives to Publications Board.
The proposal of traveling bal
lot boxes for the forthcoming AS
SU elections was defeated by Leg
islature in a more than two-hour
session last night in Bowman
Alumni House.
Fearing discrimination for the
living groups which were sug

gested to receive the boxes —
Men's Row, Stern and Toyon —
Legislature instructed Elections
Commission to restrict its polling
places to the immediate area of
the Quad.
Richards Commended
Bill Richards, chairman of Elec
tions Commission, was given a
vote of confidence by the Legis
lature, and commended for his
work.
Legislature also approved a
resolution recommending the for
mation of an association with
other Bay Area colleges to share
expenses of bringing national po
litical speakers to campus. Kil*
burn MacMurraugh, president of
the Political Union, was empow
ered to begin negotiation.
The formation of a Public Af
fairs Co-ordinating Committee
was approved.
Amendments to Appear
Also approved and set to ap
pear on the ASSU elections bal
lot was the following constitu
tional amendment:
Article 111, Section 1: ... Each
representative shall be a resident
of the living area or a member
of the academic division from
which he is elected at the tune
he is representing them.
Other actions of the Legisla
ture include the approval of Sam
uel N. Donaldson as Business
School representative; the ap
pointment of Grace Mohns as
Florence Moore representative;
Peter Donnelly, Men's Row rep
resentative; and Jan Arthur and
Donaldson, Legislature represen
tatives to Publications Board.
