# Selective Service
## 
### 
Selective Service College Quali
fication Test applications must be
filed today in the National Serv
ice Office, Room Room 102,1. The
test will be administered May 1.
Selective Service College Quali
fication Test applications must be
filed today in the National Serv
ice Office, Room Room 102,1. The
test will be administered May 1.
Selective Service College Quali
fication Test applications must be
filed today in the National Serv
ice Office, Room Room 102,1. The
test will be administered May 1.
Selective Service College Quali
fication Test applications must be
filed today in the National Serv
ice Office, Room Room 102,1. The
test will be administered May 1.
Selective Service College Quali
fication Test applications must be
filed today in the National Serv
ice Office, Room Room 102,1. The
test will be administered May 1.
Selective Service College Quali
fication Test applications must be
filed today in the National Serv
ice Office, Room Room 102,1. The
test will be administered May 1.
Selective Service College Quali
fication Test applications must be
filed today in the National Serv
ice Office, Room Room 102,1. The
test will be administered May 1.
Selective Service College Quali
fication Test applications must be
filed today in the National Serv
ice Office, Room Room 102,1. The
test will be administered May 1.
Selective Service College Quali
fication Test applications must be
filed today in the National Serv
ice Office, Room Room 102,1. The
test will be administered May 1.
Selective Service College Quali
fication Test applications must be
filed today in the National Serv
ice Office, Room Room 102,1. The
test will be administered May 1.
Selective Service College Quali
fication Test applications must be
filed today in the National Serv
ice Office, Room Room 102,1. The
test will be administered May 1.
Selective Service College Quali
fication Test applications must be
filed today in the National Serv
ice Office, Room Room 102,1. The
test will be administered May 1.
Selective Service College Quali
fication Test applications must be
filed today in the National Serv
ice Office, Room Room 102,1. The
test will be administered May 1.
Selective Service College Quali
fication Test applications must be
filed today in the National Serv
ice Office, Room Room 102,1. The
test will be administered May 1.
Selective Service College Quali
fication Test applications must be
filed today in the National Serv
ice Office, Room Room 102,1. The
test will be administered May 1.
Selective Service College Quali
fication Test applications must be
filed today in the National Serv
ice Office, Room Room 102,1. The
test will be administered May 1.
Selective Service College Quali
fication Test applications must be
filed today in the National Serv
ice Office, Room Room 102,1. The
test will be administered May 1.
