# Mural Schedule
## 
### 
Intramural direct or Elwyn
Bugge announced that softball
games will Monday.
Intramural direct or Elwyn
Bugge announced that softball
games will Monday.
Intramural direct or Elwyn
Bugge announced that softball
games will Monday.
Intramural direct or Elwyn
Bugge announced that softball
games will Monday.
Intramural direct or Elwyn
Bugge announced that softball
games will Monday.
Intramural direct or Elwyn
Bugge announced that softball
games will Monday.
Intramural direct or Elwyn
Bugge announced that softball
games will Monday.
Intramural direct or Elwyn
Bugge announced that softball
games will Monday.
Intramural direct or Elwyn
Bugge announced that softball
games will Monday.
Intramural direct or Elwyn
Bugge announced that softball
games will Monday.
Intramural direct or Elwyn
Bugge announced that softball
games will Monday.
Intramural direct or Elwyn
Bugge announced that softball
games will Monday.
Intramural direct or Elwyn
Bugge announced that softball
games will Monday.
Intramural direct or Elwyn
Bugge announced that softball
games will Monday.
Intramural direct or Elwyn
Bugge announced that softball
games will Monday.
Intramural direct or Elwyn
Bugge announced that softball
games will Monday.
Intramural direct or Elwyn
Bugge announced that softball
games will Monday.
