# Know Your Indians
## 
### 
Marion (6-1, 175-pound jun
ior' from San Jose) has done a
good job of succeeding 1957
regular Steve Stewart at short
stop. Played most of last year
with Braves, but hit .500 in 20
varsity appearances. Fine field
er with a fine arm, he works
well with Shaw on double plays.
Speedy on Ihe basepaths and a
good spot hitter and hunter.
Major: Social Sciences.

Shaw (5-11, 174-pound senior
from Los Angeles) was club's
most valuable player at his sec
ond base spot last year. Batted
.299 and led club in runs, doub
les and base hils. Is an excel
lent glove man, and key factor
in strong Stanford double play
combination. Has not hit for a
high average this year, but has
knocked in and scored plenty
of key runs. Major: History.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WAYNE MARION
Baseball


AL SHAW
Baseball
Marion (6-1, 175-pound jun
ior' from San Jose) has done a
good job of succeeding 1957
regular Steve Stewart at short
stop. Played most of last year
with Braves, but hit .500 in 20
varsity appearances. Fine field
er with a fine arm, he works
well with Shaw on double plays.
Speedy on Ihe basepaths and a
good spot hitter and hunter.
Major: Social Sciences.

Shaw (5-11, 174-pound senior
from Los Angeles) was club's
most valuable player at his sec
ond base spot last year. Batted
.299 and led club in runs, doub
les and base hils. Is an excel
lent glove man, and key factor
in strong Stanford double play
combination. Has not hit for a
high average this year, but has
knocked in and scored plenty
of key runs. Major: History.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WAYNE MARION
Baseball


AL SHAW
Baseball
Marion (6-1, 175-pound jun
ior' from San Jose) has done a
good job of succeeding 1957
regular Steve Stewart at short
stop. Played most of last year
with Braves, but hit .500 in 20
varsity appearances. Fine field
er with a fine arm, he works
well with Shaw on double plays.
Speedy on Ihe basepaths and a
good spot hitter and hunter.
Major: Social Sciences.

Shaw (5-11, 174-pound senior
from Los Angeles) was club's
most valuable player at his sec
ond base spot last year. Batted
.299 and led club in runs, doub
les and base hils. Is an excel
lent glove man, and key factor
in strong Stanford double play
combination. Has not hit for a
high average this year, but has
knocked in and scored plenty
of key runs. Major: History.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WAYNE MARION
Baseball


AL SHAW
Baseball
Marion (6-1, 175-pound jun
ior' from San Jose) has done a
good job of succeeding 1957
regular Steve Stewart at short
stop. Played most of last year
with Braves, but hit .500 in 20
varsity appearances. Fine field
er with a fine arm, he works
well with Shaw on double plays.
Speedy on Ihe basepaths and a
good spot hitter and hunter.
Major: Social Sciences.

Shaw (5-11, 174-pound senior
from Los Angeles) was club's
most valuable player at his sec
ond base spot last year. Batted
.299 and led club in runs, doub
les and base hils. Is an excel
lent glove man, and key factor
in strong Stanford double play
combination. Has not hit for a
high average this year, but has
knocked in and scored plenty
of key runs. Major: History.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WAYNE MARION
Baseball


AL SHAW
Baseball
Marion (6-1, 175-pound jun
ior' from San Jose) has done a
good job of succeeding 1957
regular Steve Stewart at short
stop. Played most of last year
with Braves, but hit .500 in 20
varsity appearances. Fine field
er with a fine arm, he works
well with Shaw on double plays.
Speedy on Ihe basepaths and a
good spot hitter and hunter.
Major: Social Sciences.

Shaw (5-11, 174-pound senior
from Los Angeles) was club's
most valuable player at his sec
ond base spot last year. Batted
.299 and led club in runs, doub
les and base hils. Is an excel
lent glove man, and key factor
in strong Stanford double play
combination. Has not hit for a
high average this year, but has
knocked in and scored plenty
of key runs. Major: History.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WAYNE MARION
Baseball


AL SHAW
Baseball
Marion (6-1, 175-pound jun
ior' from San Jose) has done a
good job of succeeding 1957
regular Steve Stewart at short
stop. Played most of last year
with Braves, but hit .500 in 20
varsity appearances. Fine field
er with a fine arm, he works
well with Shaw on double plays.
Speedy on Ihe basepaths and a
good spot hitter and hunter.
Major: Social Sciences.

Shaw (5-11, 174-pound senior
from Los Angeles) was club's
most valuable player at his sec
ond base spot last year. Batted
.299 and led club in runs, doub
les and base hils. Is an excel
lent glove man, and key factor
in strong Stanford double play
combination. Has not hit for a
high average this year, but has
knocked in and scored plenty
of key runs. Major: History.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WAYNE MARION
Baseball


AL SHAW
Baseball
Marion (6-1, 175-pound jun
ior' from San Jose) has done a
good job of succeeding 1957
regular Steve Stewart at short
stop. Played most of last year
with Braves, but hit .500 in 20
varsity appearances. Fine field
er with a fine arm, he works
well with Shaw on double plays.
Speedy on Ihe basepaths and a
good spot hitter and hunter.
Major: Social Sciences.

Shaw (5-11, 174-pound senior
from Los Angeles) was club's
most valuable player at his sec
ond base spot last year. Batted
.299 and led club in runs, doub
les and base hils. Is an excel
lent glove man, and key factor
in strong Stanford double play
combination. Has not hit for a
high average this year, but has
knocked in and scored plenty
of key runs. Major: History.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WAYNE MARION
Baseball


AL SHAW
Baseball
Marion (6-1, 175-pound jun
ior' from San Jose) has done a
good job of succeeding 1957
regular Steve Stewart at short
stop. Played most of last year
with Braves, but hit .500 in 20
varsity appearances. Fine field
er with a fine arm, he works
well with Shaw on double plays.
Speedy on Ihe basepaths and a
good spot hitter and hunter.
Major: Social Sciences.

Shaw (5-11, 174-pound senior
from Los Angeles) was club's
most valuable player at his sec
ond base spot last year. Batted
.299 and led club in runs, doub
les and base hils. Is an excel
lent glove man, and key factor
in strong Stanford double play
combination. Has not hit for a
high average this year, but has
knocked in and scored plenty
of key runs. Major: History.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WAYNE MARION
Baseball


AL SHAW
Baseball
Marion (6-1, 175-pound jun
ior' from San Jose) has done a
good job of succeeding 1957
regular Steve Stewart at short
stop. Played most of last year
with Braves, but hit .500 in 20
varsity appearances. Fine field
er with a fine arm, he works
well with Shaw on double plays.
Speedy on Ihe basepaths and a
good spot hitter and hunter.
Major: Social Sciences.

Shaw (5-11, 174-pound senior
from Los Angeles) was club's
most valuable player at his sec
ond base spot last year. Batted
.299 and led club in runs, doub
les and base hils. Is an excel
lent glove man, and key factor
in strong Stanford double play
combination. Has not hit for a
high average this year, but has
knocked in and scored plenty
of key runs. Major: History.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WAYNE MARION
Baseball


AL SHAW
Baseball
Marion (6-1, 175-pound jun
ior' from San Jose) has done a
good job of succeeding 1957
regular Steve Stewart at short
stop. Played most of last year
with Braves, but hit .500 in 20
varsity appearances. Fine field
er with a fine arm, he works
well with Shaw on double plays.
Speedy on Ihe basepaths and a
good spot hitter and hunter.
Major: Social Sciences.

Shaw (5-11, 174-pound senior
from Los Angeles) was club's
most valuable player at his sec
ond base spot last year. Batted
.299 and led club in runs, doub
les and base hils. Is an excel
lent glove man, and key factor
in strong Stanford double play
combination. Has not hit for a
high average this year, but has
knocked in and scored plenty
of key runs. Major: History.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WAYNE MARION
Baseball


AL SHAW
Baseball
Marion (6-1, 175-pound jun
ior' from San Jose) has done a
good job of succeeding 1957
regular Steve Stewart at short
stop. Played most of last year
with Braves, but hit .500 in 20
varsity appearances. Fine field
er with a fine arm, he works
well with Shaw on double plays.
Speedy on Ihe basepaths and a
good spot hitter and hunter.
Major: Social Sciences.

Shaw (5-11, 174-pound senior
from Los Angeles) was club's
most valuable player at his sec
ond base spot last year. Batted
.299 and led club in runs, doub
les and base hils. Is an excel
lent glove man, and key factor
in strong Stanford double play
combination. Has not hit for a
high average this year, but has
knocked in and scored plenty
of key runs. Major: History.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WAYNE MARION
Baseball


AL SHAW
Baseball
Marion (6-1, 175-pound jun
ior' from San Jose) has done a
good job of succeeding 1957
regular Steve Stewart at short
stop. Played most of last year
with Braves, but hit .500 in 20
varsity appearances. Fine field
er with a fine arm, he works
well with Shaw on double plays.
Speedy on Ihe basepaths and a
good spot hitter and hunter.
Major: Social Sciences.

Shaw (5-11, 174-pound senior
from Los Angeles) was club's
most valuable player at his sec
ond base spot last year. Batted
.299 and led club in runs, doub
les and base hils. Is an excel
lent glove man, and key factor
in strong Stanford double play
combination. Has not hit for a
high average this year, but has
knocked in and scored plenty
of key runs. Major: History.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WAYNE MARION
Baseball


AL SHAW
Baseball
Marion (6-1, 175-pound jun
ior' from San Jose) has done a
good job of succeeding 1957
regular Steve Stewart at short
stop. Played most of last year
with Braves, but hit .500 in 20
varsity appearances. Fine field
er with a fine arm, he works
well with Shaw on double plays.
Speedy on Ihe basepaths and a
good spot hitter and hunter.
Major: Social Sciences.

Shaw (5-11, 174-pound senior
from Los Angeles) was club's
most valuable player at his sec
ond base spot last year. Batted
.299 and led club in runs, doub
les and base hils. Is an excel
lent glove man, and key factor
in strong Stanford double play
combination. Has not hit for a
high average this year, but has
knocked in and scored plenty
of key runs. Major: History.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WAYNE MARION
Baseball


AL SHAW
Baseball
Marion (6-1, 175-pound jun
ior' from San Jose) has done a
good job of succeeding 1957
regular Steve Stewart at short
stop. Played most of last year
with Braves, but hit .500 in 20
varsity appearances. Fine field
er with a fine arm, he works
well with Shaw on double plays.
Speedy on Ihe basepaths and a
good spot hitter and hunter.
Major: Social Sciences.

Shaw (5-11, 174-pound senior
from Los Angeles) was club's
most valuable player at his sec
ond base spot last year. Batted
.299 and led club in runs, doub
les and base hils. Is an excel
lent glove man, and key factor
in strong Stanford double play
combination. Has not hit for a
high average this year, but has
knocked in and scored plenty
of key runs. Major: History.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WAYNE MARION
Baseball


AL SHAW
Baseball
Marion (6-1, 175-pound jun
ior' from San Jose) has done a
good job of succeeding 1957
regular Steve Stewart at short
stop. Played most of last year
with Braves, but hit .500 in 20
varsity appearances. Fine field
er with a fine arm, he works
well with Shaw on double plays.
Speedy on Ihe basepaths and a
good spot hitter and hunter.
Major: Social Sciences.

Shaw (5-11, 174-pound senior
from Los Angeles) was club's
most valuable player at his sec
ond base spot last year. Batted
.299 and led club in runs, doub
les and base hils. Is an excel
lent glove man, and key factor
in strong Stanford double play
combination. Has not hit for a
high average this year, but has
knocked in and scored plenty
of key runs. Major: History.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WAYNE MARION
Baseball


AL SHAW
Baseball
Marion (6-1, 175-pound jun
ior' from San Jose) has done a
good job of succeeding 1957
regular Steve Stewart at short
stop. Played most of last year
with Braves, but hit .500 in 20
varsity appearances. Fine field
er with a fine arm, he works
well with Shaw on double plays.
Speedy on Ihe basepaths and a
good spot hitter and hunter.
Major: Social Sciences.

Shaw (5-11, 174-pound senior
from Los Angeles) was club's
most valuable player at his sec
ond base spot last year. Batted
.299 and led club in runs, doub
les and base hils. Is an excel
lent glove man, and key factor
in strong Stanford double play
combination. Has not hit for a
high average this year, but has
knocked in and scored plenty
of key runs. Major: History.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WAYNE MARION
Baseball


AL SHAW
Baseball
Marion (6-1, 175-pound jun
ior' from San Jose) has done a
good job of succeeding 1957
regular Steve Stewart at short
stop. Played most of last year
with Braves, but hit .500 in 20
varsity appearances. Fine field
er with a fine arm, he works
well with Shaw on double plays.
Speedy on Ihe basepaths and a
good spot hitter and hunter.
Major: Social Sciences.

Shaw (5-11, 174-pound senior
from Los Angeles) was club's
most valuable player at his sec
ond base spot last year. Batted
.299 and led club in runs, doub
les and base hils. Is an excel
lent glove man, and key factor
in strong Stanford double play
combination. Has not hit for a
high average this year, but has
knocked in and scored plenty
of key runs. Major: History.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WAYNE MARION
Baseball


AL SHAW
Baseball
