# California Plans Life Penalty For Kidnaping
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, April 3 (/P)—The
Assembly voted today to make kid
naping for purposes of extortion or
robbery punishable by life impris
onment.
I
SACRAMENTO, April 3 (/P)—The
Assembly voted today to make kid
naping for purposes of extortion or
robbery punishable by life impris
onment.
I
SACRAMENTO, April 3 (/P)—The
Assembly voted today to make kid
naping for purposes of extortion or
robbery punishable by life impris
onment.
I
SACRAMENTO, April 3 (/P)—The
Assembly voted today to make kid
naping for purposes of extortion or
robbery punishable by life impris
onment.
I
SACRAMENTO, April 3 (/P)—The
Assembly voted today to make kid
naping for purposes of extortion or
robbery punishable by life impris
onment.
I
SACRAMENTO, April 3 (/P)—The
Assembly voted today to make kid
naping for purposes of extortion or
robbery punishable by life impris
onment.
I
SACRAMENTO, April 3 (/P)—The
Assembly voted today to make kid
naping for purposes of extortion or
robbery punishable by life impris
onment.
I
SACRAMENTO, April 3 (/P)—The
Assembly voted today to make kid
naping for purposes of extortion or
robbery punishable by life impris
onment.
I
SACRAMENTO, April 3 (/P)—The
Assembly voted today to make kid
naping for purposes of extortion or
robbery punishable by life impris
onment.
I
SACRAMENTO, April 3 (/P)—The
Assembly voted today to make kid
naping for purposes of extortion or
robbery punishable by life impris
onment.
I
SACRAMENTO, April 3 (/P)—The
Assembly voted today to make kid
naping for purposes of extortion or
robbery punishable by life impris
onment.
I
SACRAMENTO, April 3 (/P)—The
Assembly voted today to make kid
naping for purposes of extortion or
robbery punishable by life impris
onment.
I
SACRAMENTO, April 3 (/P)—The
Assembly voted today to make kid
naping for purposes of extortion or
robbery punishable by life impris
onment.
I
SACRAMENTO, April 3 (/P)—The
Assembly voted today to make kid
naping for purposes of extortion or
robbery punishable by life impris
onment.
I
