# GLEE CLUB ELECTIONS
## 
### 
Stanford Glee Club elections
resulted in the membership of
the following men:
Art Allen
Dick Armstrong
Bud Baxter
Everett Breed
Ira Cross
Gunther Detert
John Ellis
Don Hanson
Waldo Munday
Dick Pettit
Bill Rosenberger
Ben Shenson
Charles Wallace
John Young
Stanford Glee Club elections
resulted in the membership of
the following men:
Art Allen
Dick Armstrong
Bud Baxter
Everett Breed
Ira Cross
Gunther Detert
John Ellis
Don Hanson
Waldo Munday
Dick Pettit
Bill Rosenberger
Ben Shenson
Charles Wallace
John Young
Stanford Glee Club elections
resulted in the membership of
the following men:
Art Allen
Dick Armstrong
Bud Baxter
Everett Breed
Ira Cross
Gunther Detert
John Ellis
Don Hanson
Waldo Munday
Dick Pettit
Bill Rosenberger
Ben Shenson
Charles Wallace
John Young
Stanford Glee Club elections
resulted in the membership of
the following men:
Art Allen
Dick Armstrong
Bud Baxter
Everett Breed
Ira Cross
Gunther Detert
John Ellis
Don Hanson
Waldo Munday
Dick Pettit
Bill Rosenberger
Ben Shenson
Charles Wallace
John Young
Stanford Glee Club elections
resulted in the membership of
the following men:
Art Allen
Dick Armstrong
Bud Baxter
Everett Breed
Ira Cross
Gunther Detert
John Ellis
Don Hanson
Waldo Munday
Dick Pettit
Bill Rosenberger
Ben Shenson
Charles Wallace
John Young
Stanford Glee Club elections
resulted in the membership of
the following men:
Art Allen
Dick Armstrong
Bud Baxter
Everett Breed
Ira Cross
Gunther Detert
John Ellis
Don Hanson
Waldo Munday
Dick Pettit
Bill Rosenberger
Ben Shenson
Charles Wallace
John Young
Stanford Glee Club elections
resulted in the membership of
the following men:
Art Allen
Dick Armstrong
Bud Baxter
Everett Breed
Ira Cross
Gunther Detert
John Ellis
Don Hanson
Waldo Munday
Dick Pettit
Bill Rosenberger
Ben Shenson
Charles Wallace
John Young
Stanford Glee Club elections
resulted in the membership of
the following men:
Art Allen
Dick Armstrong
Bud Baxter
Everett Breed
Ira Cross
Gunther Detert
John Ellis
Don Hanson
Waldo Munday
Dick Pettit
Bill Rosenberger
Ben Shenson
Charles Wallace
John Young
Stanford Glee Club elections
resulted in the membership of
the following men:
Art Allen
Dick Armstrong
Bud Baxter
Everett Breed
Ira Cross
Gunther Detert
John Ellis
Don Hanson
Waldo Munday
Dick Pettit
Bill Rosenberger
Ben Shenson
Charles Wallace
John Young
Stanford Glee Club elections
resulted in the membership of
the following men:
Art Allen
Dick Armstrong
Bud Baxter
Everett Breed
Ira Cross
Gunther Detert
John Ellis
Don Hanson
Waldo Munday
Dick Pettit
Bill Rosenberger
Ben Shenson
Charles Wallace
John Young
Stanford Glee Club elections
resulted in the membership of
the following men:
Art Allen
Dick Armstrong
Bud Baxter
Everett Breed
Ira Cross
Gunther Detert
John Ellis
Don Hanson
Waldo Munday
Dick Pettit
Bill Rosenberger
Ben Shenson
Charles Wallace
John Young
Stanford Glee Club elections
resulted in the membership of
the following men:
Art Allen
Dick Armstrong
Bud Baxter
Everett Breed
Ira Cross
Gunther Detert
John Ellis
Don Hanson
Waldo Munday
Dick Pettit
Bill Rosenberger
Ben Shenson
Charles Wallace
John Young
Stanford Glee Club elections
resulted in the membership of
the following men:
Art Allen
Dick Armstrong
Bud Baxter
Everett Breed
Ira Cross
Gunther Detert
John Ellis
Don Hanson
Waldo Munday
Dick Pettit
Bill Rosenberger
Ben Shenson
Charles Wallace
John Young
Stanford Glee Club elections
resulted in the membership of
the following men:
Art Allen
Dick Armstrong
Bud Baxter
Everett Breed
Ira Cross
Gunther Detert
John Ellis
Don Hanson
Waldo Munday
Dick Pettit
Bill Rosenberger
Ben Shenson
Charles Wallace
John Young
