# SPORTS SCHEDULE
## 
### 
Returning from a short vaca
tion, Stanford athletes open (he
spring quar(er with nine con
(esls scheduled (his week. The
complete schedule:
WEDNESDAY. APRIL 5
Baseball—Stanford vs. Califor
nia, Stanford diamond. 3:15;
Stanford freshmen vs. Cali
fornia freshmen a( Berkeley.
Tennis—Stanford vs. Pomona,
Stanford courts, 2 p.m.
FRIDAY, APRIL 7
Minor Spor(s Tournament —Golf
on Stanford golf course, 0:30
a.m.; swimming and water
polo a( Berkeley.
Tennis—Stanford vs. Sou (hern
California, Stanford courts,
1:30.
SATURDAY, APRIL 8
Baseball—Stanford vs. Califor
nia, Stanford diamond, 2:30;
Stanford freshmen vs. Cali
fornia freshmen, freshman
diamond, 10 a.m.
Track—Stanford freshmen vs.
Menlo Junior College, Angell
Field, 10 a.m.
Minor Sports Tournament —Golf
on Stanford Golf Course, 9:30
a.m.; swimming and water
polo at Berkeley.
Tennis—Stanford freshmen vs.
Berkeley High School, Stan
ford cour(s, 10 a.m.
