# Goodwill Students Name Stanford Attractive School
## 
### Rolph Malloch 
Another laurel to the already |
overcrowned head of Stanford . . .
Over 33 universities throughout
the United States were visited, and
Stanford is the most attractive—in
tellectually, physically, and cultu
rally.
Such is the verdict of the four 1
members of the Japanese College
Good-Will Tour group which visited
the campus a few days ago.
Tudayoshi Yamada, leader and
spokesman of the tour, went to Dr.
Wilbur's office merely to extend
greetings from Japan, and he so
attracted Dr. Wilbur that he
emerged only after three hours of
stimulating conversation.
Yamada—tall and handsome —was
adjudged the best English-speaking
college student in the Japanese Em
pire. He intends to take a post
graduate course in an American
university as part of his prepara
tion for a diplomatic career, and he
lias chosen Stanford after investi- !

gating the major colleges of the
country.
Yamada has in his autograph book
the signatures of 18 governors, 23
mayors, and a host of other digni
taries, including Henry L. Stimson,
A1 Smith, and Dr. Wilbur. Smith
entertained him at his home and
gave him a personally conducted
tour of the Empire State Building.
The tourists found that American
students are more interested in cur
rent firoblems than are most of the
young people of Japan. This is due
largely to the adverse economic
conditions, which make hard labor
obligatory for most Japanese, ex
plained Yamada. The college stu
dent is more highly regarded in
Japan than here, he said. If any
problem came up in his native vil
lage, no matter on what subject, he
was always asked to sol"« it, since
as a college student he was ex
pected to know practically every
thing.
Another laurel to the already |
overcrowned head of Stanford . . .
Over 33 universities throughout
the United States were visited, and
Stanford is the most attractive—in
tellectually, physically, and cultu
rally.
Such is the verdict of the four 1
members of the Japanese College
Good-Will Tour group which visited
the campus a few days ago.
Tudayoshi Yamada, leader and
spokesman of the tour, went to Dr.
Wilbur's office merely to extend
greetings from Japan, and he so
attracted Dr. Wilbur that he
emerged only after three hours of
stimulating conversation.
Yamada—tall and handsome —was
adjudged the best English-speaking
college student in the Japanese Em
pire. He intends to take a post
graduate course in an American
university as part of his prepara
tion for a diplomatic career, and he
lias chosen Stanford after investi- !

gating the major colleges of the
country.
Yamada has in his autograph book
the signatures of 18 governors, 23
mayors, and a host of other digni
taries, including Henry L. Stimson,
A1 Smith, and Dr. Wilbur. Smith
entertained him at his home and
gave him a personally conducted
tour of the Empire State Building.
The tourists found that American
students are more interested in cur
rent firoblems than are most of the
young people of Japan. This is due
largely to the adverse economic
conditions, which make hard labor
obligatory for most Japanese, ex
plained Yamada. The college stu
dent is more highly regarded in
Japan than here, he said. If any
problem came up in his native vil
lage, no matter on what subject, he
was always asked to sol"« it, since
as a college student he was ex
pected to know practically every
thing.
Another laurel to the already |
overcrowned head of Stanford . . .
Over 33 universities throughout
the United States were visited, and
Stanford is the most attractive—in
tellectually, physically, and cultu
rally.
Such is the verdict of the four 1
members of the Japanese College
Good-Will Tour group which visited
the campus a few days ago.
Tudayoshi Yamada, leader and
spokesman of the tour, went to Dr.
Wilbur's office merely to extend
greetings from Japan, and he so
attracted Dr. Wilbur that he
emerged only after three hours of
stimulating conversation.
Yamada—tall and handsome —was
adjudged the best English-speaking
college student in the Japanese Em
pire. He intends to take a post
graduate course in an American
university as part of his prepara
tion for a diplomatic career, and he
lias chosen Stanford after investi- !

gating the major colleges of the
country.
Yamada has in his autograph book
the signatures of 18 governors, 23
mayors, and a host of other digni
taries, including Henry L. Stimson,
A1 Smith, and Dr. Wilbur. Smith
entertained him at his home and
gave him a personally conducted
tour of the Empire State Building.
The tourists found that American
students are more interested in cur
rent firoblems than are most of the
young people of Japan. This is due
largely to the adverse economic
conditions, which make hard labor
obligatory for most Japanese, ex
plained Yamada. The college stu
dent is more highly regarded in
Japan than here, he said. If any
problem came up in his native vil
lage, no matter on what subject, he
was always asked to sol"« it, since
as a college student he was ex
pected to know practically every
thing.
Another laurel to the already |
overcrowned head of Stanford . . .
Over 33 universities throughout
the United States were visited, and
Stanford is the most attractive—in
tellectually, physically, and cultu
rally.
Such is the verdict of the four 1
members of the Japanese College
Good-Will Tour group which visited
the campus a few days ago.
Tudayoshi Yamada, leader and
spokesman of the tour, went to Dr.
Wilbur's office merely to extend
greetings from Japan, and he so
attracted Dr. Wilbur that he
emerged only after three hours of
stimulating conversation.
Yamada—tall and handsome —was
adjudged the best English-speaking
college student in the Japanese Em
pire. He intends to take a post
graduate course in an American
university as part of his prepara
tion for a diplomatic career, and he
lias chosen Stanford after investi- !

gating the major colleges of the
country.
Yamada has in his autograph book
the signatures of 18 governors, 23
mayors, and a host of other digni
taries, including Henry L. Stimson,
A1 Smith, and Dr. Wilbur. Smith
entertained him at his home and
gave him a personally conducted
tour of the Empire State Building.
The tourists found that American
students are more interested in cur
rent firoblems than are most of the
young people of Japan. This is due
largely to the adverse economic
conditions, which make hard labor
obligatory for most Japanese, ex
plained Yamada. The college stu
dent is more highly regarded in
Japan than here, he said. If any
problem came up in his native vil
lage, no matter on what subject, he
was always asked to sol"« it, since
as a college student he was ex
pected to know practically every
thing.
Another laurel to the already |
overcrowned head of Stanford . . .
Over 33 universities throughout
the United States were visited, and
Stanford is the most attractive—in
tellectually, physically, and cultu
rally.
Such is the verdict of the four 1
members of the Japanese College
Good-Will Tour group which visited
the campus a few days ago.
Tudayoshi Yamada, leader and
spokesman of the tour, went to Dr.
Wilbur's office merely to extend
greetings from Japan, and he so
attracted Dr. Wilbur that he
emerged only after three hours of
stimulating conversation.
Yamada—tall and handsome —was
adjudged the best English-speaking
college student in the Japanese Em
pire. He intends to take a post
graduate course in an American
university as part of his prepara
tion for a diplomatic career, and he
lias chosen Stanford after investi- !

gating the major colleges of the
country.
Yamada has in his autograph book
the signatures of 18 governors, 23
mayors, and a host of other digni
taries, including Henry L. Stimson,
A1 Smith, and Dr. Wilbur. Smith
entertained him at his home and
gave him a personally conducted
tour of the Empire State Building.
The tourists found that American
students are more interested in cur
rent firoblems than are most of the
young people of Japan. This is due
largely to the adverse economic
conditions, which make hard labor
obligatory for most Japanese, ex
plained Yamada. The college stu
dent is more highly regarded in
Japan than here, he said. If any
problem came up in his native vil
lage, no matter on what subject, he
was always asked to sol"« it, since
as a college student he was ex
pected to know practically every
thing.
Another laurel to the already |
overcrowned head of Stanford . . .
Over 33 universities throughout
the United States were visited, and
Stanford is the most attractive—in
tellectually, physically, and cultu
rally.
Such is the verdict of the four 1
members of the Japanese College
Good-Will Tour group which visited
the campus a few days ago.
Tudayoshi Yamada, leader and
spokesman of the tour, went to Dr.
Wilbur's office merely to extend
greetings from Japan, and he so
attracted Dr. Wilbur that he
emerged only after three hours of
stimulating conversation.
Yamada—tall and handsome —was
adjudged the best English-speaking
college student in the Japanese Em
pire. He intends to take a post
graduate course in an American
university as part of his prepara
tion for a diplomatic career, and he
lias chosen Stanford after investi- !

gating the major colleges of the
country.
Yamada has in his autograph book
the signatures of 18 governors, 23
mayors, and a host of other digni
taries, including Henry L. Stimson,
A1 Smith, and Dr. Wilbur. Smith
entertained him at his home and
gave him a personally conducted
tour of the Empire State Building.
The tourists found that American
students are more interested in cur
rent firoblems than are most of the
young people of Japan. This is due
largely to the adverse economic
conditions, which make hard labor
obligatory for most Japanese, ex
plained Yamada. The college stu
dent is more highly regarded in
Japan than here, he said. If any
problem came up in his native vil
lage, no matter on what subject, he
was always asked to sol"« it, since
as a college student he was ex
pected to know practically every
thing.
Another laurel to the already |
overcrowned head of Stanford . . .
Over 33 universities throughout
the United States were visited, and
Stanford is the most attractive—in
tellectually, physically, and cultu
rally.
Such is the verdict of the four 1
members of the Japanese College
Good-Will Tour group which visited
the campus a few days ago.
Tudayoshi Yamada, leader and
spokesman of the tour, went to Dr.
Wilbur's office merely to extend
greetings from Japan, and he so
attracted Dr. Wilbur that he
emerged only after three hours of
stimulating conversation.
Yamada—tall and handsome —was
adjudged the best English-speaking
college student in the Japanese Em
pire. He intends to take a post
graduate course in an American
university as part of his prepara
tion for a diplomatic career, and he
lias chosen Stanford after investi- !

gating the major colleges of the
country.
Yamada has in his autograph book
the signatures of 18 governors, 23
mayors, and a host of other digni
taries, including Henry L. Stimson,
A1 Smith, and Dr. Wilbur. Smith
entertained him at his home and
gave him a personally conducted
tour of the Empire State Building.
The tourists found that American
students are more interested in cur
rent firoblems than are most of the
young people of Japan. This is due
largely to the adverse economic
conditions, which make hard labor
obligatory for most Japanese, ex
plained Yamada. The college stu
dent is more highly regarded in
Japan than here, he said. If any
problem came up in his native vil
lage, no matter on what subject, he
was always asked to sol"« it, since
as a college student he was ex
pected to know practically every
thing.
Another laurel to the already |
overcrowned head of Stanford . . .
Over 33 universities throughout
the United States were visited, and
Stanford is the most attractive—in
tellectually, physically, and cultu
rally.
Such is the verdict of the four 1
members of the Japanese College
Good-Will Tour group which visited
the campus a few days ago.
Tudayoshi Yamada, leader and
spokesman of the tour, went to Dr.
Wilbur's office merely to extend
greetings from Japan, and he so
attracted Dr. Wilbur that he
emerged only after three hours of
stimulating conversation.
Yamada—tall and handsome —was
adjudged the best English-speaking
college student in the Japanese Em
pire. He intends to take a post
graduate course in an American
university as part of his prepara
tion for a diplomatic career, and he
lias chosen Stanford after investi- !

gating the major colleges of the
country.
Yamada has in his autograph book
the signatures of 18 governors, 23
mayors, and a host of other digni
taries, including Henry L. Stimson,
A1 Smith, and Dr. Wilbur. Smith
entertained him at his home and
gave him a personally conducted
tour of the Empire State Building.
The tourists found that American
students are more interested in cur
rent firoblems than are most of the
young people of Japan. This is due
largely to the adverse economic
conditions, which make hard labor
obligatory for most Japanese, ex
plained Yamada. The college stu
dent is more highly regarded in
Japan than here, he said. If any
problem came up in his native vil
lage, no matter on what subject, he
was always asked to sol"« it, since
as a college student he was ex
pected to know practically every
thing.
Another laurel to the already |
overcrowned head of Stanford . . .
Over 33 universities throughout
the United States were visited, and
Stanford is the most attractive—in
tellectually, physically, and cultu
rally.
Such is the verdict of the four 1
members of the Japanese College
Good-Will Tour group which visited
the campus a few days ago.
Tudayoshi Yamada, leader and
spokesman of the tour, went to Dr.
Wilbur's office merely to extend
greetings from Japan, and he so
attracted Dr. Wilbur that he
emerged only after three hours of
stimulating conversation.
Yamada—tall and handsome —was
adjudged the best English-speaking
college student in the Japanese Em
pire. He intends to take a post
graduate course in an American
university as part of his prepara
tion for a diplomatic career, and he
lias chosen Stanford after investi- !

gating the major colleges of the
country.
Yamada has in his autograph book
the signatures of 18 governors, 23
mayors, and a host of other digni
taries, including Henry L. Stimson,
A1 Smith, and Dr. Wilbur. Smith
entertained him at his home and
gave him a personally conducted
tour of the Empire State Building.
The tourists found that American
students are more interested in cur
rent firoblems than are most of the
young people of Japan. This is due
largely to the adverse economic
conditions, which make hard labor
obligatory for most Japanese, ex
plained Yamada. The college stu
dent is more highly regarded in
Japan than here, he said. If any
problem came up in his native vil
lage, no matter on what subject, he
was always asked to sol"« it, since
as a college student he was ex
pected to know practically every
thing.
Another laurel to the already |
overcrowned head of Stanford . . .
Over 33 universities throughout
the United States were visited, and
Stanford is the most attractive—in
tellectually, physically, and cultu
rally.
Such is the verdict of the four 1
members of the Japanese College
Good-Will Tour group which visited
the campus a few days ago.
Tudayoshi Yamada, leader and
spokesman of the tour, went to Dr.
Wilbur's office merely to extend
greetings from Japan, and he so
attracted Dr. Wilbur that he
emerged only after three hours of
stimulating conversation.
Yamada—tall and handsome —was
adjudged the best English-speaking
college student in the Japanese Em
pire. He intends to take a post
graduate course in an American
university as part of his prepara
tion for a diplomatic career, and he
lias chosen Stanford after investi- !

gating the major colleges of the
country.
Yamada has in his autograph book
the signatures of 18 governors, 23
mayors, and a host of other digni
taries, including Henry L. Stimson,
A1 Smith, and Dr. Wilbur. Smith
entertained him at his home and
gave him a personally conducted
tour of the Empire State Building.
The tourists found that American
students are more interested in cur
rent firoblems than are most of the
young people of Japan. This is due
largely to the adverse economic
conditions, which make hard labor
obligatory for most Japanese, ex
plained Yamada. The college stu
dent is more highly regarded in
Japan than here, he said. If any
problem came up in his native vil
lage, no matter on what subject, he
was always asked to sol"« it, since
as a college student he was ex
pected to know practically every
thing.
Another laurel to the already |
overcrowned head of Stanford . . .
Over 33 universities throughout
the United States were visited, and
Stanford is the most attractive—in
tellectually, physically, and cultu
rally.
Such is the verdict of the four 1
members of the Japanese College
Good-Will Tour group which visited
the campus a few days ago.
Tudayoshi Yamada, leader and
spokesman of the tour, went to Dr.
Wilbur's office merely to extend
greetings from Japan, and he so
attracted Dr. Wilbur that he
emerged only after three hours of
stimulating conversation.
Yamada—tall and handsome —was
adjudged the best English-speaking
college student in the Japanese Em
pire. He intends to take a post
graduate course in an American
university as part of his prepara
tion for a diplomatic career, and he
lias chosen Stanford after investi- !

gating the major colleges of the
country.
Yamada has in his autograph book
the signatures of 18 governors, 23
mayors, and a host of other digni
taries, including Henry L. Stimson,
A1 Smith, and Dr. Wilbur. Smith
entertained him at his home and
gave him a personally conducted
tour of the Empire State Building.
The tourists found that American
students are more interested in cur
rent firoblems than are most of the
young people of Japan. This is due
largely to the adverse economic
conditions, which make hard labor
obligatory for most Japanese, ex
plained Yamada. The college stu
dent is more highly regarded in
Japan than here, he said. If any
problem came up in his native vil
lage, no matter on what subject, he
was always asked to sol"« it, since
as a college student he was ex
pected to know practically every
thing.
Another laurel to the already |
overcrowned head of Stanford . . .
Over 33 universities throughout
the United States were visited, and
Stanford is the most attractive—in
tellectually, physically, and cultu
rally.
Such is the verdict of the four 1
members of the Japanese College
Good-Will Tour group which visited
the campus a few days ago.
Tudayoshi Yamada, leader and
spokesman of the tour, went to Dr.
Wilbur's office merely to extend
greetings from Japan, and he so
attracted Dr. Wilbur that he
emerged only after three hours of
stimulating conversation.
Yamada—tall and handsome —was
adjudged the best English-speaking
college student in the Japanese Em
pire. He intends to take a post
graduate course in an American
university as part of his prepara
tion for a diplomatic career, and he
lias chosen Stanford after investi- !

gating the major colleges of the
country.
Yamada has in his autograph book
the signatures of 18 governors, 23
mayors, and a host of other digni
taries, including Henry L. Stimson,
A1 Smith, and Dr. Wilbur. Smith
entertained him at his home and
gave him a personally conducted
tour of the Empire State Building.
The tourists found that American
students are more interested in cur
rent firoblems than are most of the
young people of Japan. This is due
largely to the adverse economic
conditions, which make hard labor
obligatory for most Japanese, ex
plained Yamada. The college stu
dent is more highly regarded in
Japan than here, he said. If any
problem came up in his native vil
lage, no matter on what subject, he
was always asked to sol"« it, since
as a college student he was ex
pected to know practically every
thing.
Another laurel to the already |
overcrowned head of Stanford . . .
Over 33 universities throughout
the United States were visited, and
Stanford is the most attractive—in
tellectually, physically, and cultu
rally.
Such is the verdict of the four 1
members of the Japanese College
Good-Will Tour group which visited
the campus a few days ago.
Tudayoshi Yamada, leader and
spokesman of the tour, went to Dr.
Wilbur's office merely to extend
greetings from Japan, and he so
attracted Dr. Wilbur that he
emerged only after three hours of
stimulating conversation.
Yamada—tall and handsome —was
adjudged the best English-speaking
college student in the Japanese Em
pire. He intends to take a post
graduate course in an American
university as part of his prepara
tion for a diplomatic career, and he
lias chosen Stanford after investi- !

gating the major colleges of the
country.
Yamada has in his autograph book
the signatures of 18 governors, 23
mayors, and a host of other digni
taries, including Henry L. Stimson,
A1 Smith, and Dr. Wilbur. Smith
entertained him at his home and
gave him a personally conducted
tour of the Empire State Building.
The tourists found that American
students are more interested in cur
rent firoblems than are most of the
young people of Japan. This is due
largely to the adverse economic
conditions, which make hard labor
obligatory for most Japanese, ex
plained Yamada. The college stu
dent is more highly regarded in
Japan than here, he said. If any
problem came up in his native vil
lage, no matter on what subject, he
was always asked to sol"« it, since
as a college student he was ex
pected to know practically every
thing.
Another laurel to the already |
overcrowned head of Stanford . . .
Over 33 universities throughout
the United States were visited, and
Stanford is the most attractive—in
tellectually, physically, and cultu
rally.
Such is the verdict of the four 1
members of the Japanese College
Good-Will Tour group which visited
the campus a few days ago.
Tudayoshi Yamada, leader and
spokesman of the tour, went to Dr.
Wilbur's office merely to extend
greetings from Japan, and he so
attracted Dr. Wilbur that he
emerged only after three hours of
stimulating conversation.
Yamada—tall and handsome —was
adjudged the best English-speaking
college student in the Japanese Em
pire. He intends to take a post
graduate course in an American
university as part of his prepara
tion for a diplomatic career, and he
lias chosen Stanford after investi- !

gating the major colleges of the
country.
Yamada has in his autograph book
the signatures of 18 governors, 23
mayors, and a host of other digni
taries, including Henry L. Stimson,
A1 Smith, and Dr. Wilbur. Smith
entertained him at his home and
gave him a personally conducted
tour of the Empire State Building.
The tourists found that American
students are more interested in cur
rent firoblems than are most of the
young people of Japan. This is due
largely to the adverse economic
conditions, which make hard labor
obligatory for most Japanese, ex
plained Yamada. The college stu
dent is more highly regarded in
Japan than here, he said. If any
problem came up in his native vil
lage, no matter on what subject, he
was always asked to sol"« it, since
as a college student he was ex
pected to know practically every
thing.
