# Legislation Begins For Co-ordination Of Railroads
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, April 3 (£ s )—The
definite drafting of legislation to
carry through the Administration's
idea for railroad coordination was
begun late today with calls for de
creased operating costs and a mini
mum discharge of employes sharply
accentuated.
_ _ I
WASHINGTON, April 3 (£ s )—The
definite drafting of legislation to
carry through the Administration's
idea for railroad coordination was
begun late today with calls for de
creased operating costs and a mini
mum discharge of employes sharply
accentuated.
_ _ I
WASHINGTON, April 3 (£ s )—The
definite drafting of legislation to
carry through the Administration's
idea for railroad coordination was
begun late today with calls for de
creased operating costs and a mini
mum discharge of employes sharply
accentuated.
_ _ I
WASHINGTON, April 3 (£ s )—The
definite drafting of legislation to
carry through the Administration's
idea for railroad coordination was
begun late today with calls for de
creased operating costs and a mini
mum discharge of employes sharply
accentuated.
_ _ I
WASHINGTON, April 3 (£ s )—The
definite drafting of legislation to
carry through the Administration's
idea for railroad coordination was
begun late today with calls for de
creased operating costs and a mini
mum discharge of employes sharply
accentuated.
_ _ I
WASHINGTON, April 3 (£ s )—The
definite drafting of legislation to
carry through the Administration's
idea for railroad coordination was
begun late today with calls for de
creased operating costs and a mini
mum discharge of employes sharply
accentuated.
_ _ I
WASHINGTON, April 3 (£ s )—The
definite drafting of legislation to
carry through the Administration's
idea for railroad coordination was
begun late today with calls for de
creased operating costs and a mini
mum discharge of employes sharply
accentuated.
_ _ I
WASHINGTON, April 3 (£ s )—The
definite drafting of legislation to
carry through the Administration's
idea for railroad coordination was
begun late today with calls for de
creased operating costs and a mini
mum discharge of employes sharply
accentuated.
_ _ I
WASHINGTON, April 3 (£ s )—The
definite drafting of legislation to
carry through the Administration's
idea for railroad coordination was
begun late today with calls for de
creased operating costs and a mini
mum discharge of employes sharply
accentuated.
_ _ I
WASHINGTON, April 3 (£ s )—The
definite drafting of legislation to
carry through the Administration's
idea for railroad coordination was
begun late today with calls for de
creased operating costs and a mini
mum discharge of employes sharply
accentuated.
_ _ I
WASHINGTON, April 3 (£ s )—The
definite drafting of legislation to
carry through the Administration's
idea for railroad coordination was
begun late today with calls for de
creased operating costs and a mini
mum discharge of employes sharply
accentuated.
_ _ I
WASHINGTON, April 3 (£ s )—The
definite drafting of legislation to
carry through the Administration's
idea for railroad coordination was
begun late today with calls for de
creased operating costs and a mini
mum discharge of employes sharply
accentuated.
_ _ I
WASHINGTON, April 3 (£ s )—The
definite drafting of legislation to
carry through the Administration's
idea for railroad coordination was
begun late today with calls for de
creased operating costs and a mini
mum discharge of employes sharply
accentuated.
_ _ I
WASHINGTON, April 3 (£ s )—The
definite drafting of legislation to
carry through the Administration's
idea for railroad coordination was
begun late today with calls for de
creased operating costs and a mini
mum discharge of employes sharply
accentuated.
_ _ I
