# NAVAL CADETS FROM JAPAN IMPRESSED BY STANFORD EXCURSION
## 
### 
Stanford, the first co-educational
University visited by the Japanese
midshipment from the training ships
Asama and Iwate, made a deep im
pression upon the future officers of
the third largest navy in the world.
The visitors were somewhat bash
ful at first as they wandered about to
the various points of interest. How
ever, their shyness vanished complete
ly when they arrived at the Geology
corner and discovered that women
students were to drive most of the
cars which were to take them on the
rest of the trip about the campus.
Attracted by Women
In fact, there was quite a scramble
for the honors of riding in cars driven
by those whom the Orientals consid
ered "the most attractive features of
the whole trip."
At the station, amid a final flurry of
calling cards, the midshipmen, with a
new-found command of English, ex
tracted promises of letters and Christ
mas cards from their chauffeuses.
Through Professor Yamato Ichihashi,
they expressed their appreciation of a
most pleasant and interesting day.
Ichihashi Speaks
At the Memorial Church, after a
ten-minute address by Professor Ichi
hashi, the visitors were given a de
scriptive folder of Stanford. The mid
shipmen voiced an admiration for
Stanford which, they said, is larger
than their university at Etajima. Some
what to the perturbance of the stu
dent guides, however, they were thor
oughly familiar with football and bas
ketball.
The 20 Chilean cadets from the
General Baquedano did not accom
pany the midshipmen, as was previ
ously scheduled, but instead, visited
the University of California.
