# Double Feature To Replace 'Caesar'
## 
### 
"Torment," a Swedish film, and
Casgue d'Or," a newly released
French film with English subtitles,
will play tonight at the Revival Se
ries at 7:30. "Torment" will also
l>« shown today at 4:15 in Cubber
ley, open to the public free of
charge.
"Julius Caesar," originally sched
uler! for tonight, will not be shown
due to a scheduling mistake by film
distributors.
"Torment," a Swedish film, and
Casgue d'Or," a newly released
French film with English subtitles,
will play tonight at the Revival Se
ries at 7:30. "Torment" will also
l>« shown today at 4:15 in Cubber
ley, open to the public free of
charge.
"Julius Caesar," originally sched
uler! for tonight, will not be shown
due to a scheduling mistake by film
distributors.
"Torment," a Swedish film, and
Casgue d'Or," a newly released
French film with English subtitles,
will play tonight at the Revival Se
ries at 7:30. "Torment" will also
l>« shown today at 4:15 in Cubber
ley, open to the public free of
charge.
"Julius Caesar," originally sched
uler! for tonight, will not be shown
due to a scheduling mistake by film
distributors.
"Torment," a Swedish film, and
Casgue d'Or," a newly released
French film with English subtitles,
will play tonight at the Revival Se
ries at 7:30. "Torment" will also
l>« shown today at 4:15 in Cubber
ley, open to the public free of
charge.
"Julius Caesar," originally sched
uler! for tonight, will not be shown
due to a scheduling mistake by film
distributors.
"Torment," a Swedish film, and
Casgue d'Or," a newly released
French film with English subtitles,
will play tonight at the Revival Se
ries at 7:30. "Torment" will also
l>« shown today at 4:15 in Cubber
ley, open to the public free of
charge.
"Julius Caesar," originally sched
uler! for tonight, will not be shown
due to a scheduling mistake by film
distributors.
"Torment," a Swedish film, and
Casgue d'Or," a newly released
French film with English subtitles,
will play tonight at the Revival Se
ries at 7:30. "Torment" will also
l>« shown today at 4:15 in Cubber
ley, open to the public free of
charge.
"Julius Caesar," originally sched
uler! for tonight, will not be shown
due to a scheduling mistake by film
distributors.
"Torment," a Swedish film, and
Casgue d'Or," a newly released
French film with English subtitles,
will play tonight at the Revival Se
ries at 7:30. "Torment" will also
l>« shown today at 4:15 in Cubber
ley, open to the public free of
charge.
"Julius Caesar," originally sched
uler! for tonight, will not be shown
due to a scheduling mistake by film
distributors.
"Torment," a Swedish film, and
Casgue d'Or," a newly released
French film with English subtitles,
will play tonight at the Revival Se
ries at 7:30. "Torment" will also
l>« shown today at 4:15 in Cubber
ley, open to the public free of
charge.
"Julius Caesar," originally sched
uler! for tonight, will not be shown
due to a scheduling mistake by film
distributors.
"Torment," a Swedish film, and
Casgue d'Or," a newly released
French film with English subtitles,
will play tonight at the Revival Se
ries at 7:30. "Torment" will also
l>« shown today at 4:15 in Cubber
ley, open to the public free of
charge.
"Julius Caesar," originally sched
uler! for tonight, will not be shown
due to a scheduling mistake by film
distributors.
"Torment," a Swedish film, and
Casgue d'Or," a newly released
French film with English subtitles,
will play tonight at the Revival Se
ries at 7:30. "Torment" will also
l>« shown today at 4:15 in Cubber
ley, open to the public free of
charge.
"Julius Caesar," originally sched
uler! for tonight, will not be shown
due to a scheduling mistake by film
distributors.
"Torment," a Swedish film, and
Casgue d'Or," a newly released
French film with English subtitles,
will play tonight at the Revival Se
ries at 7:30. "Torment" will also
l>« shown today at 4:15 in Cubber
ley, open to the public free of
charge.
"Julius Caesar," originally sched
uler! for tonight, will not be shown
due to a scheduling mistake by film
distributors.
"Torment," a Swedish film, and
Casgue d'Or," a newly released
French film with English subtitles,
will play tonight at the Revival Se
ries at 7:30. "Torment" will also
l>« shown today at 4:15 in Cubber
ley, open to the public free of
charge.
"Julius Caesar," originally sched
uler! for tonight, will not be shown
due to a scheduling mistake by film
distributors.
"Torment," a Swedish film, and
Casgue d'Or," a newly released
French film with English subtitles,
will play tonight at the Revival Se
ries at 7:30. "Torment" will also
l>« shown today at 4:15 in Cubber
ley, open to the public free of
charge.
"Julius Caesar," originally sched
uler! for tonight, will not be shown
due to a scheduling mistake by film
distributors.
