# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Man/anita announces the engage
mcnt of Diana Davis, '51, lo New
man Rush Porter, Alpha Delt, first
year law student.
Man/anita announces the engage
mcnt of Diana Davis, '51, lo New
man Rush Porter, Alpha Delt, first
year law student.
Man/anita announces the engage
mcnt of Diana Davis, '51, lo New
man Rush Porter, Alpha Delt, first
year law student.
Man/anita announces the engage
mcnt of Diana Davis, '51, lo New
man Rush Porter, Alpha Delt, first
year law student.
Man/anita announces the engage
mcnt of Diana Davis, '51, lo New
man Rush Porter, Alpha Delt, first
year law student.
Man/anita announces the engage
mcnt of Diana Davis, '51, lo New
man Rush Porter, Alpha Delt, first
year law student.
Man/anita announces the engage
mcnt of Diana Davis, '51, lo New
man Rush Porter, Alpha Delt, first
year law student.
Man/anita announces the engage
mcnt of Diana Davis, '51, lo New
man Rush Porter, Alpha Delt, first
year law student.
Man/anita announces the engage
mcnt of Diana Davis, '51, lo New
man Rush Porter, Alpha Delt, first
year law student.
Man/anita announces the engage
mcnt of Diana Davis, '51, lo New
man Rush Porter, Alpha Delt, first
year law student.
Man/anita announces the engage
mcnt of Diana Davis, '51, lo New
man Rush Porter, Alpha Delt, first
year law student.
Man/anita announces the engage
mcnt of Diana Davis, '51, lo New
man Rush Porter, Alpha Delt, first
year law student.
Man/anita announces the engage
mcnt of Diana Davis, '51, lo New
man Rush Porter, Alpha Delt, first
year law student.
