# LOCAL BOY MARKS GOOD
## 
### 
Jess Cone, guard on Stanford's
1051 Rose Bowl team, has resigned
his job as head coach of Capuchino
High School to take the line-coach
ing job at Pomona.
Jess Cone, guard on Stanford's
1051 Rose Bowl team, has resigned
his job as head coach of Capuchino
High School to take the line-coach
ing job at Pomona.
Jess Cone, guard on Stanford's
1051 Rose Bowl team, has resigned
his job as head coach of Capuchino
High School to take the line-coach
ing job at Pomona.
Jess Cone, guard on Stanford's
1051 Rose Bowl team, has resigned
his job as head coach of Capuchino
High School to take the line-coach
ing job at Pomona.
Jess Cone, guard on Stanford's
1051 Rose Bowl team, has resigned
his job as head coach of Capuchino
High School to take the line-coach
ing job at Pomona.
Jess Cone, guard on Stanford's
1051 Rose Bowl team, has resigned
his job as head coach of Capuchino
High School to take the line-coach
ing job at Pomona.
Jess Cone, guard on Stanford's
1051 Rose Bowl team, has resigned
his job as head coach of Capuchino
High School to take the line-coach
ing job at Pomona.
Jess Cone, guard on Stanford's
1051 Rose Bowl team, has resigned
his job as head coach of Capuchino
High School to take the line-coach
ing job at Pomona.
Jess Cone, guard on Stanford's
1051 Rose Bowl team, has resigned
his job as head coach of Capuchino
High School to take the line-coach
ing job at Pomona.
Jess Cone, guard on Stanford's
1051 Rose Bowl team, has resigned
his job as head coach of Capuchino
High School to take the line-coach
ing job at Pomona.
Jess Cone, guard on Stanford's
1051 Rose Bowl team, has resigned
his job as head coach of Capuchino
High School to take the line-coach
ing job at Pomona.
Jess Cone, guard on Stanford's
1051 Rose Bowl team, has resigned
his job as head coach of Capuchino
High School to take the line-coach
ing job at Pomona.
Jess Cone, guard on Stanford's
1051 Rose Bowl team, has resigned
his job as head coach of Capuchino
High School to take the line-coach
ing job at Pomona.
