# Students Offered Metallurgy Grant
## 
### 
A $400 scholarship is being offered
by the American Society for Metals
to any student interested in metal
lurgy or metallurgical engineering.
Applications may be made in the
scholarship office or by contacting
Professor O. C. Shepard, Room 557
in the Mining and Metallurgy
Building.
A $400 scholarship is being offered
by the American Society for Metals
to any student interested in metal
lurgy or metallurgical engineering.
Applications may be made in the
scholarship office or by contacting
Professor O. C. Shepard, Room 557
in the Mining and Metallurgy
Building.
A $400 scholarship is being offered
by the American Society for Metals
to any student interested in metal
lurgy or metallurgical engineering.
Applications may be made in the
scholarship office or by contacting
Professor O. C. Shepard, Room 557
in the Mining and Metallurgy
Building.
A $400 scholarship is being offered
by the American Society for Metals
to any student interested in metal
lurgy or metallurgical engineering.
Applications may be made in the
scholarship office or by contacting
Professor O. C. Shepard, Room 557
in the Mining and Metallurgy
Building.
A $400 scholarship is being offered
by the American Society for Metals
to any student interested in metal
lurgy or metallurgical engineering.
Applications may be made in the
scholarship office or by contacting
Professor O. C. Shepard, Room 557
in the Mining and Metallurgy
Building.
A $400 scholarship is being offered
by the American Society for Metals
to any student interested in metal
lurgy or metallurgical engineering.
Applications may be made in the
scholarship office or by contacting
Professor O. C. Shepard, Room 557
in the Mining and Metallurgy
Building.
A $400 scholarship is being offered
by the American Society for Metals
to any student interested in metal
lurgy or metallurgical engineering.
Applications may be made in the
scholarship office or by contacting
Professor O. C. Shepard, Room 557
in the Mining and Metallurgy
Building.
A $400 scholarship is being offered
by the American Society for Metals
to any student interested in metal
lurgy or metallurgical engineering.
Applications may be made in the
scholarship office or by contacting
Professor O. C. Shepard, Room 557
in the Mining and Metallurgy
Building.
A $400 scholarship is being offered
by the American Society for Metals
to any student interested in metal
lurgy or metallurgical engineering.
Applications may be made in the
scholarship office or by contacting
Professor O. C. Shepard, Room 557
in the Mining and Metallurgy
Building.
A $400 scholarship is being offered
by the American Society for Metals
to any student interested in metal
lurgy or metallurgical engineering.
Applications may be made in the
scholarship office or by contacting
Professor O. C. Shepard, Room 557
in the Mining and Metallurgy
Building.
A $400 scholarship is being offered
by the American Society for Metals
to any student interested in metal
lurgy or metallurgical engineering.
Applications may be made in the
scholarship office or by contacting
Professor O. C. Shepard, Room 557
in the Mining and Metallurgy
Building.
A $400 scholarship is being offered
by the American Society for Metals
to any student interested in metal
lurgy or metallurgical engineering.
Applications may be made in the
scholarship office or by contacting
Professor O. C. Shepard, Room 557
in the Mining and Metallurgy
Building.
A $400 scholarship is being offered
by the American Society for Metals
to any student interested in metal
lurgy or metallurgical engineering.
Applications may be made in the
scholarship office or by contacting
Professor O. C. Shepard, Room 557
in the Mining and Metallurgy
Building.
