# Adv. 28 Page 11
## 
### 
TRAVEL
Need driver with good insurance
record to drive 2004 Hyundai
Elantra from Bay area to Toledo,
Ohio the week of May 20, 2005
TUTORING
All academics esp. German
$25-30/ hr. Near Stanford,
part-time, flexible. 941-4350,
493-5512evemgs.
Cultural Exchange Camp Stanford
hiring teachers & counselors
starts 07/25 for 3 weeks, req.
min BA/BS + exp for teachers,
min 2 yrs. college counselors
Res email hr@legendleaming.com
LEARNING CTR hiring teachers
Writing & all subjs, online & class
room, spring & summer res to
hr@legendlearning.com
Thesis editing/proofreading. APA
and MLA formats. $.01/ word.
Dave Levin, MS '83. (828) 644-
0250 or bumpkin (at) dnet.net.
Qualified persons needed to
tutor AP Chemistry & AP Biology.
$18/ hour. Own transportation a
plus. Nguyen@UniversityTu
tor.com or 650-497-1738
