# Stanford Debaters Take Third Place
## 
### 
Stanford sent an untried de
bate team to the Northern Cali
fornia Fore n si c Association
Tournament in Sa c rament o
Saturday and took third in the
sweepstakes of 20 schools.
Richard Weinig won first place
in the extemporaneous speaking
on "Problems of Our Western
States."
Gary Ewoll and Michael Canan
tied for second in the debate di
vision. Their subject was "Re
solved: That Congress should be
given the power to reverse de
cision of the Supreme Court."
Others who participated in the
tournament were Kenneth Pur
cell. William Dysart, Louis Brown
stone, Douglas Memmot, John
Bernard, Jack Kramer, James Dei
Rossi, James Tarbox, Charles
Bischoff, Michael Hall and Ed
Shirley.
Stanford sent an untried de
bate team to the Northern Cali
fornia Fore n si c Association
Tournament in Sa c rament o
Saturday and took third in the
sweepstakes of 20 schools.
Richard Weinig won first place
in the extemporaneous speaking
on "Problems of Our Western
States."
Gary Ewoll and Michael Canan
tied for second in the debate di
vision. Their subject was "Re
solved: That Congress should be
given the power to reverse de
cision of the Supreme Court."
Others who participated in the
tournament were Kenneth Pur
cell. William Dysart, Louis Brown
stone, Douglas Memmot, John
Bernard, Jack Kramer, James Dei
Rossi, James Tarbox, Charles
Bischoff, Michael Hall and Ed
Shirley.
Stanford sent an untried de
bate team to the Northern Cali
fornia Fore n si c Association
Tournament in Sa c rament o
Saturday and took third in the
sweepstakes of 20 schools.
Richard Weinig won first place
in the extemporaneous speaking
on "Problems of Our Western
States."
Gary Ewoll and Michael Canan
tied for second in the debate di
vision. Their subject was "Re
solved: That Congress should be
given the power to reverse de
cision of the Supreme Court."
Others who participated in the
tournament were Kenneth Pur
cell. William Dysart, Louis Brown
stone, Douglas Memmot, John
Bernard, Jack Kramer, James Dei
Rossi, James Tarbox, Charles
Bischoff, Michael Hall and Ed
Shirley.
Stanford sent an untried de
bate team to the Northern Cali
fornia Fore n si c Association
Tournament in Sa c rament o
Saturday and took third in the
sweepstakes of 20 schools.
Richard Weinig won first place
in the extemporaneous speaking
on "Problems of Our Western
States."
Gary Ewoll and Michael Canan
tied for second in the debate di
vision. Their subject was "Re
solved: That Congress should be
given the power to reverse de
cision of the Supreme Court."
Others who participated in the
tournament were Kenneth Pur
cell. William Dysart, Louis Brown
stone, Douglas Memmot, John
Bernard, Jack Kramer, James Dei
Rossi, James Tarbox, Charles
Bischoff, Michael Hall and Ed
Shirley.
Stanford sent an untried de
bate team to the Northern Cali
fornia Fore n si c Association
Tournament in Sa c rament o
Saturday and took third in the
sweepstakes of 20 schools.
Richard Weinig won first place
in the extemporaneous speaking
on "Problems of Our Western
States."
Gary Ewoll and Michael Canan
tied for second in the debate di
vision. Their subject was "Re
solved: That Congress should be
given the power to reverse de
cision of the Supreme Court."
Others who participated in the
tournament were Kenneth Pur
cell. William Dysart, Louis Brown
stone, Douglas Memmot, John
Bernard, Jack Kramer, James Dei
Rossi, James Tarbox, Charles
Bischoff, Michael Hall and Ed
Shirley.
Stanford sent an untried de
bate team to the Northern Cali
fornia Fore n si c Association
Tournament in Sa c rament o
Saturday and took third in the
sweepstakes of 20 schools.
Richard Weinig won first place
in the extemporaneous speaking
on "Problems of Our Western
States."
Gary Ewoll and Michael Canan
tied for second in the debate di
vision. Their subject was "Re
solved: That Congress should be
given the power to reverse de
cision of the Supreme Court."
Others who participated in the
tournament were Kenneth Pur
cell. William Dysart, Louis Brown
stone, Douglas Memmot, John
Bernard, Jack Kramer, James Dei
Rossi, James Tarbox, Charles
Bischoff, Michael Hall and Ed
Shirley.
Stanford sent an untried de
bate team to the Northern Cali
fornia Fore n si c Association
Tournament in Sa c rament o
Saturday and took third in the
sweepstakes of 20 schools.
Richard Weinig won first place
in the extemporaneous speaking
on "Problems of Our Western
States."
Gary Ewoll and Michael Canan
tied for second in the debate di
vision. Their subject was "Re
solved: That Congress should be
given the power to reverse de
cision of the Supreme Court."
Others who participated in the
tournament were Kenneth Pur
cell. William Dysart, Louis Brown
stone, Douglas Memmot, John
Bernard, Jack Kramer, James Dei
Rossi, James Tarbox, Charles
Bischoff, Michael Hall and Ed
Shirley.
Stanford sent an untried de
bate team to the Northern Cali
fornia Fore n si c Association
Tournament in Sa c rament o
Saturday and took third in the
sweepstakes of 20 schools.
Richard Weinig won first place
in the extemporaneous speaking
on "Problems of Our Western
States."
Gary Ewoll and Michael Canan
tied for second in the debate di
vision. Their subject was "Re
solved: That Congress should be
given the power to reverse de
cision of the Supreme Court."
Others who participated in the
tournament were Kenneth Pur
cell. William Dysart, Louis Brown
stone, Douglas Memmot, John
Bernard, Jack Kramer, James Dei
Rossi, James Tarbox, Charles
Bischoff, Michael Hall and Ed
Shirley.
Stanford sent an untried de
bate team to the Northern Cali
fornia Fore n si c Association
Tournament in Sa c rament o
Saturday and took third in the
sweepstakes of 20 schools.
Richard Weinig won first place
in the extemporaneous speaking
on "Problems of Our Western
States."
Gary Ewoll and Michael Canan
tied for second in the debate di
vision. Their subject was "Re
solved: That Congress should be
given the power to reverse de
cision of the Supreme Court."
Others who participated in the
tournament were Kenneth Pur
cell. William Dysart, Louis Brown
stone, Douglas Memmot, John
Bernard, Jack Kramer, James Dei
Rossi, James Tarbox, Charles
Bischoff, Michael Hall and Ed
Shirley.
Stanford sent an untried de
bate team to the Northern Cali
fornia Fore n si c Association
Tournament in Sa c rament o
Saturday and took third in the
sweepstakes of 20 schools.
Richard Weinig won first place
in the extemporaneous speaking
on "Problems of Our Western
States."
Gary Ewoll and Michael Canan
tied for second in the debate di
vision. Their subject was "Re
solved: That Congress should be
given the power to reverse de
cision of the Supreme Court."
Others who participated in the
tournament were Kenneth Pur
cell. William Dysart, Louis Brown
stone, Douglas Memmot, John
Bernard, Jack Kramer, James Dei
Rossi, James Tarbox, Charles
Bischoff, Michael Hall and Ed
Shirley.
Stanford sent an untried de
bate team to the Northern Cali
fornia Fore n si c Association
Tournament in Sa c rament o
Saturday and took third in the
sweepstakes of 20 schools.
Richard Weinig won first place
in the extemporaneous speaking
on "Problems of Our Western
States."
Gary Ewoll and Michael Canan
tied for second in the debate di
vision. Their subject was "Re
solved: That Congress should be
given the power to reverse de
cision of the Supreme Court."
Others who participated in the
tournament were Kenneth Pur
cell. William Dysart, Louis Brown
stone, Douglas Memmot, John
Bernard, Jack Kramer, James Dei
Rossi, James Tarbox, Charles
Bischoff, Michael Hall and Ed
Shirley.
Stanford sent an untried de
bate team to the Northern Cali
fornia Fore n si c Association
Tournament in Sa c rament o
Saturday and took third in the
sweepstakes of 20 schools.
Richard Weinig won first place
in the extemporaneous speaking
on "Problems of Our Western
States."
Gary Ewoll and Michael Canan
tied for second in the debate di
vision. Their subject was "Re
solved: That Congress should be
given the power to reverse de
cision of the Supreme Court."
Others who participated in the
tournament were Kenneth Pur
cell. William Dysart, Louis Brown
stone, Douglas Memmot, John
Bernard, Jack Kramer, James Dei
Rossi, James Tarbox, Charles
Bischoff, Michael Hall and Ed
Shirley.
Stanford sent an untried de
bate team to the Northern Cali
fornia Fore n si c Association
Tournament in Sa c rament o
Saturday and took third in the
sweepstakes of 20 schools.
Richard Weinig won first place
in the extemporaneous speaking
on "Problems of Our Western
States."
Gary Ewoll and Michael Canan
tied for second in the debate di
vision. Their subject was "Re
solved: That Congress should be
given the power to reverse de
cision of the Supreme Court."
Others who participated in the
tournament were Kenneth Pur
cell. William Dysart, Louis Brown
stone, Douglas Memmot, John
Bernard, Jack Kramer, James Dei
Rossi, James Tarbox, Charles
Bischoff, Michael Hall and Ed
Shirley.
Stanford sent an untried de
bate team to the Northern Cali
fornia Fore n si c Association
Tournament in Sa c rament o
Saturday and took third in the
sweepstakes of 20 schools.
Richard Weinig won first place
in the extemporaneous speaking
on "Problems of Our Western
States."
Gary Ewoll and Michael Canan
tied for second in the debate di
vision. Their subject was "Re
solved: That Congress should be
given the power to reverse de
cision of the Supreme Court."
Others who participated in the
tournament were Kenneth Pur
cell. William Dysart, Louis Brown
stone, Douglas Memmot, John
Bernard, Jack Kramer, James Dei
Rossi, James Tarbox, Charles
Bischoff, Michael Hall and Ed
Shirley.
Stanford sent an untried de
bate team to the Northern Cali
fornia Fore n si c Association
Tournament in Sa c rament o
Saturday and took third in the
sweepstakes of 20 schools.
Richard Weinig won first place
in the extemporaneous speaking
on "Problems of Our Western
States."
Gary Ewoll and Michael Canan
tied for second in the debate di
vision. Their subject was "Re
solved: That Congress should be
given the power to reverse de
cision of the Supreme Court."
Others who participated in the
tournament were Kenneth Pur
cell. William Dysart, Louis Brown
stone, Douglas Memmot, John
Bernard, Jack Kramer, James Dei
Rossi, James Tarbox, Charles
Bischoff, Michael Hall and Ed
Shirley.
Stanford sent an untried de
bate team to the Northern Cali
fornia Fore n si c Association
Tournament in Sa c rament o
Saturday and took third in the
sweepstakes of 20 schools.
Richard Weinig won first place
in the extemporaneous speaking
on "Problems of Our Western
States."
Gary Ewoll and Michael Canan
tied for second in the debate di
vision. Their subject was "Re
solved: That Congress should be
given the power to reverse de
cision of the Supreme Court."
Others who participated in the
tournament were Kenneth Pur
cell. William Dysart, Louis Brown
stone, Douglas Memmot, John
Bernard, Jack Kramer, James Dei
Rossi, James Tarbox, Charles
Bischoff, Michael Hall and Ed
Shirley.
Stanford sent an untried de
bate team to the Northern Cali
fornia Fore n si c Association
Tournament in Sa c rament o
Saturday and took third in the
sweepstakes of 20 schools.
Richard Weinig won first place
in the extemporaneous speaking
on "Problems of Our Western
States."
Gary Ewoll and Michael Canan
tied for second in the debate di
vision. Their subject was "Re
solved: That Congress should be
given the power to reverse de
cision of the Supreme Court."
Others who participated in the
tournament were Kenneth Pur
cell. William Dysart, Louis Brown
stone, Douglas Memmot, John
Bernard, Jack Kramer, James Dei
Rossi, James Tarbox, Charles
Bischoff, Michael Hall and Ed
Shirley.
Stanford sent an untried de
bate team to the Northern Cali
fornia Fore n si c Association
Tournament in Sa c rament o
Saturday and took third in the
sweepstakes of 20 schools.
Richard Weinig won first place
in the extemporaneous speaking
on "Problems of Our Western
States."
Gary Ewoll and Michael Canan
tied for second in the debate di
vision. Their subject was "Re
solved: That Congress should be
given the power to reverse de
cision of the Supreme Court."
Others who participated in the
tournament were Kenneth Pur
cell. William Dysart, Louis Brown
stone, Douglas Memmot, John
Bernard, Jack Kramer, James Dei
Rossi, James Tarbox, Charles
Bischoff, Michael Hall and Ed
Shirley.
