# Sunday Sermon.
## 
### 
Rev. Samuel Slocombe, of San
Fra ncisco,preached yesterday moi n
ing cir' l he Christ that is to be." lie
took his text from the twentieth
and twenty-first, verses of the
twelfth chapter of John, quoting the
Greeks who said to Philip of Beth
saida: "Sir, we would see Jesus."
This, he showed, indicates the uni
versal desire of people to have some
real concept of Christ. Every per
son should nature a mi mature a con
ception of the true Savior. "The
idea of Christ's teaching, put into
action, would mean the transforma
tion of society." The speaker said
that Christ's life was not to show
man the impossibility of repeating
it, but to inspire emulation. This
emulation of a more exalted idea
will lead to higher lives in the
future.
