# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The estimates for the repair of the
Lagunita Flume, submitted by Pro
fessor Marx to the Finance Commit
tee of the Trustees, call for a very
small outlay when it. is considered
how much the filling of the lake
means to Stanford undergraduates.
The amount which the Trustees will
be obliged to expend is at the most
under five thousand dollars and one
of the estimates asks for but a tri
fle more than half this sum. It
would seem that the expense might
be further lightened by student la
bor, bringing the actual cost of the
reconstruction of the flume down to
an even lower figure. From both a
Faculty and student standpoint the
problem of filling Lagunita is wor
thy of the serious consideration of
the committee which now has the
matter in charge. Their action means
much to us here, and we sincerely
hope that their decision will be a
favorable one.
