# U.C. WINS FROM NEVADA.
## Visitors Outclassed By California In Gaulle Saturday.â€”Score Twenty-Five to Nothing. 
### 
California defeated the University
of Nevada .at. Berkeley Saturday by
the score of 25 to 0. The game was
of course somewhat one-sided, the
visitors being on the defensive
throughout, and being outweighed
twenty pounds to the man. Never
theless the play was exciting, and
California's work in all departments
decidedly brilliant.
California defeated the University
of Nevada .at. Berkeley Saturday by
the score of 25 to 0. The game was
of course somewhat one-sided, the
visitors being on the defensive
throughout, and being outweighed
twenty pounds to the man. Never
theless the play was exciting, and
California's work in all departments
decidedly brilliant.
California defeated the University
of Nevada .at. Berkeley Saturday by
the score of 25 to 0. The game was
of course somewhat one-sided, the
visitors being on the defensive
throughout, and being outweighed
twenty pounds to the man. Never
theless the play was exciting, and
California's work in all departments
decidedly brilliant.
California defeated the University
of Nevada .at. Berkeley Saturday by
the score of 25 to 0. The game was
of course somewhat one-sided, the
visitors being on the defensive
throughout, and being outweighed
twenty pounds to the man. Never
theless the play was exciting, and
California's work in all departments
decidedly brilliant.
California defeated the University
of Nevada .at. Berkeley Saturday by
the score of 25 to 0. The game was
of course somewhat one-sided, the
visitors being on the defensive
throughout, and being outweighed
twenty pounds to the man. Never
theless the play was exciting, and
California's work in all departments
decidedly brilliant.
California defeated the University
of Nevada .at. Berkeley Saturday by
the score of 25 to 0. The game was
of course somewhat one-sided, the
visitors being on the defensive
throughout, and being outweighed
twenty pounds to the man. Never
theless the play was exciting, and
California's work in all departments
decidedly brilliant.
California defeated the University
of Nevada .at. Berkeley Saturday by
the score of 25 to 0. The game was
of course somewhat one-sided, the
visitors being on the defensive
throughout, and being outweighed
twenty pounds to the man. Never
theless the play was exciting, and
California's work in all departments
decidedly brilliant.
California defeated the University
of Nevada .at. Berkeley Saturday by
the score of 25 to 0. The game was
of course somewhat one-sided, the
visitors being on the defensive
throughout, and being outweighed
twenty pounds to the man. Never
theless the play was exciting, and
California's work in all departments
decidedly brilliant.
California defeated the University
of Nevada .at. Berkeley Saturday by
the score of 25 to 0. The game was
of course somewhat one-sided, the
visitors being on the defensive
throughout, and being outweighed
twenty pounds to the man. Never
theless the play was exciting, and
California's work in all departments
decidedly brilliant.
