# McDowell To Represent Stanford.
## 
### 
J. E. McDowell, '00, assistant reg
istrar, has been appointed as the
Stanford representative on the Board
of Control of the Pacific Athletic
Association.
J. E. McDowell, '00, assistant reg
istrar, has been appointed as the
Stanford representative on the Board
of Control of the Pacific Athletic
Association.
J. E. McDowell, '00, assistant reg
istrar, has been appointed as the
Stanford representative on the Board
of Control of the Pacific Athletic
Association.
J. E. McDowell, '00, assistant reg
istrar, has been appointed as the
Stanford representative on the Board
of Control of the Pacific Athletic
Association.
J. E. McDowell, '00, assistant reg
istrar, has been appointed as the
Stanford representative on the Board
of Control of the Pacific Athletic
Association.
J. E. McDowell, '00, assistant reg
istrar, has been appointed as the
Stanford representative on the Board
of Control of the Pacific Athletic
Association.
J. E. McDowell, '00, assistant reg
istrar, has been appointed as the
Stanford representative on the Board
of Control of the Pacific Athletic
Association.
J. E. McDowell, '00, assistant reg
istrar, has been appointed as the
Stanford representative on the Board
of Control of the Pacific Athletic
Association.
J. E. McDowell, '00, assistant reg
istrar, has been appointed as the
Stanford representative on the Board
of Control of the Pacific Athletic
Association.
