# Adv. 19 Page 7
## 
### 
Job Opportunity
The Stanford Daily wants a secre
tary/receptionist for spring quar
ter, from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday
through Friday. The position en
tails answering phones, filing,
typing and assisting with payroll.
Applicants should call Adam
Goodman or Richard Lynch at
497-4632.
Job Opportunity
The Stanford Daily wants a secre
tary/receptionist for spring quar
ter, from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday
through Friday. The position en
tails answering phones, filing,
typing and assisting with payroll.
Applicants should call Adam
Goodman or Richard Lynch at
497-4632.
Job Opportunity
The Stanford Daily wants a secre
tary/receptionist for spring quar
ter, from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday
through Friday. The position en
tails answering phones, filing,
typing and assisting with payroll.
Applicants should call Adam
Goodman or Richard Lynch at
497-4632.
Job Opportunity
The Stanford Daily wants a secre
tary/receptionist for spring quar
ter, from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday
through Friday. The position en
tails answering phones, filing,
typing and assisting with payroll.
Applicants should call Adam
Goodman or Richard Lynch at
497-4632.
Job Opportunity
The Stanford Daily wants a secre
tary/receptionist for spring quar
ter, from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday
through Friday. The position en
tails answering phones, filing,
typing and assisting with payroll.
Applicants should call Adam
Goodman or Richard Lynch at
497-4632.
Job Opportunity
The Stanford Daily wants a secre
tary/receptionist for spring quar
ter, from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday
through Friday. The position en
tails answering phones, filing,
typing and assisting with payroll.
Applicants should call Adam
Goodman or Richard Lynch at
497-4632.
Job Opportunity
The Stanford Daily wants a secre
tary/receptionist for spring quar
ter, from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday
through Friday. The position en
tails answering phones, filing,
typing and assisting with payroll.
Applicants should call Adam
Goodman or Richard Lynch at
497-4632.
