# To Give Sermon
## 
### 

ALEX ANDER C. PL'RDY. at ting
chaplain for spring quarter, will
deliver the sermon at the regular
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.

ALEX ANDER C. PL'RDY. at ting
chaplain for spring quarter, will
deliver the sermon at the regular
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.

ALEX ANDER C. PL'RDY. at ting
chaplain for spring quarter, will
deliver the sermon at the regular
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.

ALEX ANDER C. PL'RDY. at ting
chaplain for spring quarter, will
deliver the sermon at the regular
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.

ALEX ANDER C. PL'RDY. at ting
chaplain for spring quarter, will
deliver the sermon at the regular
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.

ALEX ANDER C. PL'RDY. at ting
chaplain for spring quarter, will
deliver the sermon at the regular
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.

ALEX ANDER C. PL'RDY. at ting
chaplain for spring quarter, will
deliver the sermon at the regular
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.

ALEX ANDER C. PL'RDY. at ting
chaplain for spring quarter, will
deliver the sermon at the regular
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.

ALEX ANDER C. PL'RDY. at ting
chaplain for spring quarter, will
deliver the sermon at the regular
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.

ALEX ANDER C. PL'RDY. at ting
chaplain for spring quarter, will
deliver the sermon at the regular
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.

ALEX ANDER C. PL'RDY. at ting
chaplain for spring quarter, will
deliver the sermon at the regular
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.

ALEX ANDER C. PL'RDY. at ting
chaplain for spring quarter, will
deliver the sermon at the regular
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.

ALEX ANDER C. PL'RDY. at ting
chaplain for spring quarter, will
deliver the sermon at the regular
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.

ALEX ANDER C. PL'RDY. at ting
chaplain for spring quarter, will
deliver the sermon at the regular
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.

ALEX ANDER C. PL'RDY. at ting
chaplain for spring quarter, will
deliver the sermon at the regular
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.
