# ALUMNI RETURN TO PRE-WAR DAYS ON 'STAR WAGON'
## 
### 


A TIME MACHINE carries the actors in the Alumni Association's production of "Star Wagon" from the
present back to the days when they went to collcgc. At left arc aJnet Dole as Martha Minch and Phil
Brown as Stephen .Minch in the picnic scene from the play. At right Norman Xathanson. 22. directs an
alumni orchestra that will play dance hits of every year from 1!H)2 to 19117 between acts.


A TIME MACHINE carries the actors in the Alumni Association's production of "Star Wagon" from the
present back to the days when they went to collcgc. At left arc aJnet Dole as Martha Minch and Phil
Brown as Stephen .Minch in the picnic scene from the play. At right Norman Xathanson. 22. directs an
alumni orchestra that will play dance hits of every year from 1!H)2 to 19117 between acts.


A TIME MACHINE carries the actors in the Alumni Association's production of "Star Wagon" from the
present back to the days when they went to collcgc. At left arc aJnet Dole as Martha Minch and Phil
Brown as Stephen .Minch in the picnic scene from the play. At right Norman Xathanson. 22. directs an
alumni orchestra that will play dance hits of every year from 1!H)2 to 19117 between acts.


A TIME MACHINE carries the actors in the Alumni Association's production of "Star Wagon" from the
present back to the days when they went to collcgc. At left arc aJnet Dole as Martha Minch and Phil
Brown as Stephen .Minch in the picnic scene from the play. At right Norman Xathanson. 22. directs an
alumni orchestra that will play dance hits of every year from 1!H)2 to 19117 between acts.


A TIME MACHINE carries the actors in the Alumni Association's production of "Star Wagon" from the
present back to the days when they went to collcgc. At left arc aJnet Dole as Martha Minch and Phil
Brown as Stephen .Minch in the picnic scene from the play. At right Norman Xathanson. 22. directs an
alumni orchestra that will play dance hits of every year from 1!H)2 to 19117 between acts.


A TIME MACHINE carries the actors in the Alumni Association's production of "Star Wagon" from the
present back to the days when they went to collcgc. At left arc aJnet Dole as Martha Minch and Phil
Brown as Stephen .Minch in the picnic scene from the play. At right Norman Xathanson. 22. directs an
alumni orchestra that will play dance hits of every year from 1!H)2 to 19117 between acts.


A TIME MACHINE carries the actors in the Alumni Association's production of "Star Wagon" from the
present back to the days when they went to collcgc. At left arc aJnet Dole as Martha Minch and Phil
Brown as Stephen .Minch in the picnic scene from the play. At right Norman Xathanson. 22. directs an
alumni orchestra that will play dance hits of every year from 1!H)2 to 19117 between acts.


A TIME MACHINE carries the actors in the Alumni Association's production of "Star Wagon" from the
present back to the days when they went to collcgc. At left arc aJnet Dole as Martha Minch and Phil
Brown as Stephen .Minch in the picnic scene from the play. At right Norman Xathanson. 22. directs an
alumni orchestra that will play dance hits of every year from 1!H)2 to 19117 between acts.


A TIME MACHINE carries the actors in the Alumni Association's production of "Star Wagon" from the
present back to the days when they went to collcgc. At left arc aJnet Dole as Martha Minch and Phil
Brown as Stephen .Minch in the picnic scene from the play. At right Norman Xathanson. 22. directs an
alumni orchestra that will play dance hits of every year from 1!H)2 to 19117 between acts.


A TIME MACHINE carries the actors in the Alumni Association's production of "Star Wagon" from the
present back to the days when they went to collcgc. At left arc aJnet Dole as Martha Minch and Phil
Brown as Stephen .Minch in the picnic scene from the play. At right Norman Xathanson. 22. directs an
alumni orchestra that will play dance hits of every year from 1!H)2 to 19117 between acts.


A TIME MACHINE carries the actors in the Alumni Association's production of "Star Wagon" from the
present back to the days when they went to collcgc. At left arc aJnet Dole as Martha Minch and Phil
Brown as Stephen .Minch in the picnic scene from the play. At right Norman Xathanson. 22. directs an
alumni orchestra that will play dance hits of every year from 1!H)2 to 19117 between acts.


A TIME MACHINE carries the actors in the Alumni Association's production of "Star Wagon" from the
present back to the days when they went to collcgc. At left arc aJnet Dole as Martha Minch and Phil
Brown as Stephen .Minch in the picnic scene from the play. At right Norman Xathanson. 22. directs an
alumni orchestra that will play dance hits of every year from 1!H)2 to 19117 between acts.


A TIME MACHINE carries the actors in the Alumni Association's production of "Star Wagon" from the
present back to the days when they went to collcgc. At left arc aJnet Dole as Martha Minch and Phil
Brown as Stephen .Minch in the picnic scene from the play. At right Norman Xathanson. 22. directs an
alumni orchestra that will play dance hits of every year from 1!H)2 to 19117 between acts.


A TIME MACHINE carries the actors in the Alumni Association's production of "Star Wagon" from the
present back to the days when they went to collcgc. At left arc aJnet Dole as Martha Minch and Phil
Brown as Stephen .Minch in the picnic scene from the play. At right Norman Xathanson. 22. directs an
alumni orchestra that will play dance hits of every year from 1!H)2 to 19117 between acts.


A TIME MACHINE carries the actors in the Alumni Association's production of "Star Wagon" from the
present back to the days when they went to collcgc. At left arc aJnet Dole as Martha Minch and Phil
Brown as Stephen .Minch in the picnic scene from the play. At right Norman Xathanson. 22. directs an
alumni orchestra that will play dance hits of every year from 1!H)2 to 19117 between acts.
