# Wink on Board for J.C. Meet
## 
### 

ROY WINKELMAN, Stanford's diving ace for three years and an
Olympic prospect, will be on the springboard today when the Card
swimming team meets Fullerton Junior College in Encina Pools.

ROY WINKELMAN, Stanford's diving ace for three years and an
Olympic prospect, will be on the springboard today when the Card
swimming team meets Fullerton Junior College in Encina Pools.

ROY WINKELMAN, Stanford's diving ace for three years and an
Olympic prospect, will be on the springboard today when the Card
swimming team meets Fullerton Junior College in Encina Pools.

ROY WINKELMAN, Stanford's diving ace for three years and an
Olympic prospect, will be on the springboard today when the Card
swimming team meets Fullerton Junior College in Encina Pools.

ROY WINKELMAN, Stanford's diving ace for three years and an
Olympic prospect, will be on the springboard today when the Card
swimming team meets Fullerton Junior College in Encina Pools.

ROY WINKELMAN, Stanford's diving ace for three years and an
Olympic prospect, will be on the springboard today when the Card
swimming team meets Fullerton Junior College in Encina Pools.

ROY WINKELMAN, Stanford's diving ace for three years and an
Olympic prospect, will be on the springboard today when the Card
swimming team meets Fullerton Junior College in Encina Pools.

ROY WINKELMAN, Stanford's diving ace for three years and an
Olympic prospect, will be on the springboard today when the Card
swimming team meets Fullerton Junior College in Encina Pools.

ROY WINKELMAN, Stanford's diving ace for three years and an
Olympic prospect, will be on the springboard today when the Card
swimming team meets Fullerton Junior College in Encina Pools.

ROY WINKELMAN, Stanford's diving ace for three years and an
Olympic prospect, will be on the springboard today when the Card
swimming team meets Fullerton Junior College in Encina Pools.

ROY WINKELMAN, Stanford's diving ace for three years and an
Olympic prospect, will be on the springboard today when the Card
swimming team meets Fullerton Junior College in Encina Pools.

ROY WINKELMAN, Stanford's diving ace for three years and an
Olympic prospect, will be on the springboard today when the Card
swimming team meets Fullerton Junior College in Encina Pools.

ROY WINKELMAN, Stanford's diving ace for three years and an
Olympic prospect, will be on the springboard today when the Card
swimming team meets Fullerton Junior College in Encina Pools.

ROY WINKELMAN, Stanford's diving ace for three years and an
Olympic prospect, will be on the springboard today when the Card
swimming team meets Fullerton Junior College in Encina Pools.

ROY WINKELMAN, Stanford's diving ace for three years and an
Olympic prospect, will be on the springboard today when the Card
swimming team meets Fullerton Junior College in Encina Pools.
