# They'll Make the Cinders Smolder
## 
### 




THESE INDIAN trackmen are expected to burn lip the track at Fresno
tomorrow. tSan Hiserman, upper left, will run the 220. the 220 high
hurdles, and will meet Nelson, sensational Negro sprinter, in the
century. Ed Burrow.- , upper right, one of the three leading milers on
the Coast, will compete in the mile and the 880. 55iil Hawkins, lower
left, is expected to take the high hurdles, and Carl Mahurin, lower
right, will run the 880.




THESE INDIAN trackmen are expected to burn lip the track at Fresno
tomorrow. tSan Hiserman, upper left, will run the 220. the 220 high
hurdles, and will meet Nelson, sensational Negro sprinter, in the
century. Ed Burrow.- , upper right, one of the three leading milers on
the Coast, will compete in the mile and the 880. 55iil Hawkins, lower
left, is expected to take the high hurdles, and Carl Mahurin, lower
right, will run the 880.




THESE INDIAN trackmen are expected to burn lip the track at Fresno
tomorrow. tSan Hiserman, upper left, will run the 220. the 220 high
hurdles, and will meet Nelson, sensational Negro sprinter, in the
century. Ed Burrow.- , upper right, one of the three leading milers on
the Coast, will compete in the mile and the 880. 55iil Hawkins, lower
left, is expected to take the high hurdles, and Carl Mahurin, lower
right, will run the 880.




THESE INDIAN trackmen are expected to burn lip the track at Fresno
tomorrow. tSan Hiserman, upper left, will run the 220. the 220 high
hurdles, and will meet Nelson, sensational Negro sprinter, in the
century. Ed Burrow.- , upper right, one of the three leading milers on
the Coast, will compete in the mile and the 880. 55iil Hawkins, lower
left, is expected to take the high hurdles, and Carl Mahurin, lower
right, will run the 880.




THESE INDIAN trackmen are expected to burn lip the track at Fresno
tomorrow. tSan Hiserman, upper left, will run the 220. the 220 high
hurdles, and will meet Nelson, sensational Negro sprinter, in the
century. Ed Burrow.- , upper right, one of the three leading milers on
the Coast, will compete in the mile and the 880. 55iil Hawkins, lower
left, is expected to take the high hurdles, and Carl Mahurin, lower
right, will run the 880.




THESE INDIAN trackmen are expected to burn lip the track at Fresno
tomorrow. tSan Hiserman, upper left, will run the 220. the 220 high
hurdles, and will meet Nelson, sensational Negro sprinter, in the
century. Ed Burrow.- , upper right, one of the three leading milers on
the Coast, will compete in the mile and the 880. 55iil Hawkins, lower
left, is expected to take the high hurdles, and Carl Mahurin, lower
right, will run the 880.




THESE INDIAN trackmen are expected to burn lip the track at Fresno
tomorrow. tSan Hiserman, upper left, will run the 220. the 220 high
hurdles, and will meet Nelson, sensational Negro sprinter, in the
century. Ed Burrow.- , upper right, one of the three leading milers on
the Coast, will compete in the mile and the 880. 55iil Hawkins, lower
left, is expected to take the high hurdles, and Carl Mahurin, lower
right, will run the 880.




THESE INDIAN trackmen are expected to burn lip the track at Fresno
tomorrow. tSan Hiserman, upper left, will run the 220. the 220 high
hurdles, and will meet Nelson, sensational Negro sprinter, in the
century. Ed Burrow.- , upper right, one of the three leading milers on
the Coast, will compete in the mile and the 880. 55iil Hawkins, lower
left, is expected to take the high hurdles, and Carl Mahurin, lower
right, will run the 880.




THESE INDIAN trackmen are expected to burn lip the track at Fresno
tomorrow. tSan Hiserman, upper left, will run the 220. the 220 high
hurdles, and will meet Nelson, sensational Negro sprinter, in the
century. Ed Burrow.- , upper right, one of the three leading milers on
the Coast, will compete in the mile and the 880. 55iil Hawkins, lower
left, is expected to take the high hurdles, and Carl Mahurin, lower
right, will run the 880.




THESE INDIAN trackmen are expected to burn lip the track at Fresno
tomorrow. tSan Hiserman, upper left, will run the 220. the 220 high
hurdles, and will meet Nelson, sensational Negro sprinter, in the
century. Ed Burrow.- , upper right, one of the three leading milers on
the Coast, will compete in the mile and the 880. 55iil Hawkins, lower
left, is expected to take the high hurdles, and Carl Mahurin, lower
right, will run the 880.




THESE INDIAN trackmen are expected to burn lip the track at Fresno
tomorrow. tSan Hiserman, upper left, will run the 220. the 220 high
hurdles, and will meet Nelson, sensational Negro sprinter, in the
century. Ed Burrow.- , upper right, one of the three leading milers on
the Coast, will compete in the mile and the 880. 55iil Hawkins, lower
left, is expected to take the high hurdles, and Carl Mahurin, lower
right, will run the 880.




THESE INDIAN trackmen are expected to burn lip the track at Fresno
tomorrow. tSan Hiserman, upper left, will run the 220. the 220 high
hurdles, and will meet Nelson, sensational Negro sprinter, in the
century. Ed Burrow.- , upper right, one of the three leading milers on
the Coast, will compete in the mile and the 880. 55iil Hawkins, lower
left, is expected to take the high hurdles, and Carl Mahurin, lower
right, will run the 880.




THESE INDIAN trackmen are expected to burn lip the track at Fresno
tomorrow. tSan Hiserman, upper left, will run the 220. the 220 high
hurdles, and will meet Nelson, sensational Negro sprinter, in the
century. Ed Burrow.- , upper right, one of the three leading milers on
the Coast, will compete in the mile and the 880. 55iil Hawkins, lower
left, is expected to take the high hurdles, and Carl Mahurin, lower
right, will run the 880.




THESE INDIAN trackmen are expected to burn lip the track at Fresno
tomorrow. tSan Hiserman, upper left, will run the 220. the 220 high
hurdles, and will meet Nelson, sensational Negro sprinter, in the
century. Ed Burrow.- , upper right, one of the three leading milers on
the Coast, will compete in the mile and the 880. 55iil Hawkins, lower
left, is expected to take the high hurdles, and Carl Mahurin, lower
right, will run the 880.




THESE INDIAN trackmen are expected to burn lip the track at Fresno
tomorrow. tSan Hiserman, upper left, will run the 220. the 220 high
hurdles, and will meet Nelson, sensational Negro sprinter, in the
century. Ed Burrow.- , upper right, one of the three leading milers on
the Coast, will compete in the mile and the 880. 55iil Hawkins, lower
left, is expected to take the high hurdles, and Carl Mahurin, lower
right, will run the 880.
