# Bob Underwood Out of Net Play
## 
### 
U.S.C.'s Conference - leading net
men oppose the Indians on the Band
house courts beginning at 1:30 this
afternoon.
The Trojans' national junior cham
pion, Joe Hunt, is scheduled to meet
Bob Braly in the number one singles
match. Coach Sherm Lock wood an
nounced yesterday that Captain Bob
Underwood would be unable to play
against the Trojans today, because
the Card player's injured knee had
not sufficiently responded to medi
cal treatment.
The Indians could take only two of
the rjine matches from the Trojans
at Los Angeles last week-end and
their chances of coming out with a
win today are considerably less
without the services of Underwood.
Behind Hunt on the U.S.C. team
are such stars as Louis Wetherell,
national public parks champion, and
Don Leavens, high ranking player
from the Middle West.
The Card lineup will probably
contain the names of Braly, Arm
strong, Folsom, Gates, Brock, and
Seaver. Lockwood has not decided
how he will play his men, but from
recent practice form Seaver and
Brock may play near the top. Art
Stoefen will probably get the call
over Gates in one of the double com
binations.
U.S.C.'s Conference - leading net
men oppose the Indians on the Band
house courts beginning at 1:30 this
afternoon.
The Trojans' national junior cham
pion, Joe Hunt, is scheduled to meet
Bob Braly in the number one singles
match. Coach Sherm Lock wood an
nounced yesterday that Captain Bob
Underwood would be unable to play
against the Trojans today, because
the Card player's injured knee had
not sufficiently responded to medi
cal treatment.
The Indians could take only two of
the rjine matches from the Trojans
at Los Angeles last week-end and
their chances of coming out with a
win today are considerably less
without the services of Underwood.
Behind Hunt on the U.S.C. team
are such stars as Louis Wetherell,
national public parks champion, and
Don Leavens, high ranking player
from the Middle West.
The Card lineup will probably
contain the names of Braly, Arm
strong, Folsom, Gates, Brock, and
Seaver. Lockwood has not decided
how he will play his men, but from
recent practice form Seaver and
Brock may play near the top. Art
Stoefen will probably get the call
over Gates in one of the double com
binations.
U.S.C.'s Conference - leading net
men oppose the Indians on the Band
house courts beginning at 1:30 this
afternoon.
The Trojans' national junior cham
pion, Joe Hunt, is scheduled to meet
Bob Braly in the number one singles
match. Coach Sherm Lock wood an
nounced yesterday that Captain Bob
Underwood would be unable to play
against the Trojans today, because
the Card player's injured knee had
not sufficiently responded to medi
cal treatment.
The Indians could take only two of
the rjine matches from the Trojans
at Los Angeles last week-end and
their chances of coming out with a
win today are considerably less
without the services of Underwood.
Behind Hunt on the U.S.C. team
are such stars as Louis Wetherell,
national public parks champion, and
Don Leavens, high ranking player
from the Middle West.
The Card lineup will probably
contain the names of Braly, Arm
strong, Folsom, Gates, Brock, and
Seaver. Lockwood has not decided
how he will play his men, but from
recent practice form Seaver and
Brock may play near the top. Art
Stoefen will probably get the call
over Gates in one of the double com
binations.
U.S.C.'s Conference - leading net
men oppose the Indians on the Band
house courts beginning at 1:30 this
afternoon.
The Trojans' national junior cham
pion, Joe Hunt, is scheduled to meet
Bob Braly in the number one singles
match. Coach Sherm Lock wood an
nounced yesterday that Captain Bob
Underwood would be unable to play
against the Trojans today, because
the Card player's injured knee had
not sufficiently responded to medi
cal treatment.
The Indians could take only two of
the rjine matches from the Trojans
at Los Angeles last week-end and
their chances of coming out with a
win today are considerably less
without the services of Underwood.
Behind Hunt on the U.S.C. team
are such stars as Louis Wetherell,
national public parks champion, and
Don Leavens, high ranking player
from the Middle West.
The Card lineup will probably
contain the names of Braly, Arm
strong, Folsom, Gates, Brock, and
Seaver. Lockwood has not decided
how he will play his men, but from
recent practice form Seaver and
Brock may play near the top. Art
Stoefen will probably get the call
over Gates in one of the double com
binations.
U.S.C.'s Conference - leading net
men oppose the Indians on the Band
house courts beginning at 1:30 this
afternoon.
The Trojans' national junior cham
pion, Joe Hunt, is scheduled to meet
Bob Braly in the number one singles
match. Coach Sherm Lock wood an
nounced yesterday that Captain Bob
Underwood would be unable to play
against the Trojans today, because
the Card player's injured knee had
not sufficiently responded to medi
cal treatment.
The Indians could take only two of
the rjine matches from the Trojans
at Los Angeles last week-end and
their chances of coming out with a
win today are considerably less
without the services of Underwood.
Behind Hunt on the U.S.C. team
are such stars as Louis Wetherell,
national public parks champion, and
Don Leavens, high ranking player
from the Middle West.
The Card lineup will probably
contain the names of Braly, Arm
strong, Folsom, Gates, Brock, and
Seaver. Lockwood has not decided
how he will play his men, but from
recent practice form Seaver and
Brock may play near the top. Art
Stoefen will probably get the call
over Gates in one of the double com
binations.
U.S.C.'s Conference - leading net
men oppose the Indians on the Band
house courts beginning at 1:30 this
afternoon.
The Trojans' national junior cham
pion, Joe Hunt, is scheduled to meet
Bob Braly in the number one singles
match. Coach Sherm Lock wood an
nounced yesterday that Captain Bob
Underwood would be unable to play
against the Trojans today, because
the Card player's injured knee had
not sufficiently responded to medi
cal treatment.
The Indians could take only two of
the rjine matches from the Trojans
at Los Angeles last week-end and
their chances of coming out with a
win today are considerably less
without the services of Underwood.
Behind Hunt on the U.S.C. team
are such stars as Louis Wetherell,
national public parks champion, and
Don Leavens, high ranking player
from the Middle West.
The Card lineup will probably
contain the names of Braly, Arm
strong, Folsom, Gates, Brock, and
Seaver. Lockwood has not decided
how he will play his men, but from
recent practice form Seaver and
Brock may play near the top. Art
Stoefen will probably get the call
over Gates in one of the double com
binations.
U.S.C.'s Conference - leading net
men oppose the Indians on the Band
house courts beginning at 1:30 this
afternoon.
The Trojans' national junior cham
pion, Joe Hunt, is scheduled to meet
Bob Braly in the number one singles
match. Coach Sherm Lock wood an
nounced yesterday that Captain Bob
Underwood would be unable to play
against the Trojans today, because
the Card player's injured knee had
not sufficiently responded to medi
cal treatment.
The Indians could take only two of
the rjine matches from the Trojans
at Los Angeles last week-end and
their chances of coming out with a
win today are considerably less
without the services of Underwood.
Behind Hunt on the U.S.C. team
are such stars as Louis Wetherell,
national public parks champion, and
Don Leavens, high ranking player
from the Middle West.
The Card lineup will probably
contain the names of Braly, Arm
strong, Folsom, Gates, Brock, and
Seaver. Lockwood has not decided
how he will play his men, but from
recent practice form Seaver and
Brock may play near the top. Art
Stoefen will probably get the call
over Gates in one of the double com
binations.
U.S.C.'s Conference - leading net
men oppose the Indians on the Band
house courts beginning at 1:30 this
afternoon.
The Trojans' national junior cham
pion, Joe Hunt, is scheduled to meet
Bob Braly in the number one singles
match. Coach Sherm Lock wood an
nounced yesterday that Captain Bob
Underwood would be unable to play
against the Trojans today, because
the Card player's injured knee had
not sufficiently responded to medi
cal treatment.
The Indians could take only two of
the rjine matches from the Trojans
at Los Angeles last week-end and
their chances of coming out with a
win today are considerably less
without the services of Underwood.
Behind Hunt on the U.S.C. team
are such stars as Louis Wetherell,
national public parks champion, and
Don Leavens, high ranking player
from the Middle West.
The Card lineup will probably
contain the names of Braly, Arm
strong, Folsom, Gates, Brock, and
Seaver. Lockwood has not decided
how he will play his men, but from
recent practice form Seaver and
Brock may play near the top. Art
Stoefen will probably get the call
over Gates in one of the double com
binations.
U.S.C.'s Conference - leading net
men oppose the Indians on the Band
house courts beginning at 1:30 this
afternoon.
The Trojans' national junior cham
pion, Joe Hunt, is scheduled to meet
Bob Braly in the number one singles
match. Coach Sherm Lock wood an
nounced yesterday that Captain Bob
Underwood would be unable to play
against the Trojans today, because
the Card player's injured knee had
not sufficiently responded to medi
cal treatment.
The Indians could take only two of
the rjine matches from the Trojans
at Los Angeles last week-end and
their chances of coming out with a
win today are considerably less
without the services of Underwood.
Behind Hunt on the U.S.C. team
are such stars as Louis Wetherell,
national public parks champion, and
Don Leavens, high ranking player
from the Middle West.
The Card lineup will probably
contain the names of Braly, Arm
strong, Folsom, Gates, Brock, and
Seaver. Lockwood has not decided
how he will play his men, but from
recent practice form Seaver and
Brock may play near the top. Art
Stoefen will probably get the call
over Gates in one of the double com
binations.
U.S.C.'s Conference - leading net
men oppose the Indians on the Band
house courts beginning at 1:30 this
afternoon.
The Trojans' national junior cham
pion, Joe Hunt, is scheduled to meet
Bob Braly in the number one singles
match. Coach Sherm Lock wood an
nounced yesterday that Captain Bob
Underwood would be unable to play
against the Trojans today, because
the Card player's injured knee had
not sufficiently responded to medi
cal treatment.
The Indians could take only two of
the rjine matches from the Trojans
at Los Angeles last week-end and
their chances of coming out with a
win today are considerably less
without the services of Underwood.
Behind Hunt on the U.S.C. team
are such stars as Louis Wetherell,
national public parks champion, and
Don Leavens, high ranking player
from the Middle West.
The Card lineup will probably
contain the names of Braly, Arm
strong, Folsom, Gates, Brock, and
Seaver. Lockwood has not decided
how he will play his men, but from
recent practice form Seaver and
Brock may play near the top. Art
Stoefen will probably get the call
over Gates in one of the double com
binations.
U.S.C.'s Conference - leading net
men oppose the Indians on the Band
house courts beginning at 1:30 this
afternoon.
The Trojans' national junior cham
pion, Joe Hunt, is scheduled to meet
Bob Braly in the number one singles
match. Coach Sherm Lock wood an
nounced yesterday that Captain Bob
Underwood would be unable to play
against the Trojans today, because
the Card player's injured knee had
not sufficiently responded to medi
cal treatment.
The Indians could take only two of
the rjine matches from the Trojans
at Los Angeles last week-end and
their chances of coming out with a
win today are considerably less
without the services of Underwood.
Behind Hunt on the U.S.C. team
are such stars as Louis Wetherell,
national public parks champion, and
Don Leavens, high ranking player
from the Middle West.
The Card lineup will probably
contain the names of Braly, Arm
strong, Folsom, Gates, Brock, and
Seaver. Lockwood has not decided
how he will play his men, but from
recent practice form Seaver and
Brock may play near the top. Art
Stoefen will probably get the call
over Gates in one of the double com
binations.
U.S.C.'s Conference - leading net
men oppose the Indians on the Band
house courts beginning at 1:30 this
afternoon.
The Trojans' national junior cham
pion, Joe Hunt, is scheduled to meet
Bob Braly in the number one singles
match. Coach Sherm Lock wood an
nounced yesterday that Captain Bob
Underwood would be unable to play
against the Trojans today, because
the Card player's injured knee had
not sufficiently responded to medi
cal treatment.
The Indians could take only two of
the rjine matches from the Trojans
at Los Angeles last week-end and
their chances of coming out with a
win today are considerably less
without the services of Underwood.
Behind Hunt on the U.S.C. team
are such stars as Louis Wetherell,
national public parks champion, and
Don Leavens, high ranking player
from the Middle West.
The Card lineup will probably
contain the names of Braly, Arm
strong, Folsom, Gates, Brock, and
Seaver. Lockwood has not decided
how he will play his men, but from
recent practice form Seaver and
Brock may play near the top. Art
Stoefen will probably get the call
over Gates in one of the double com
binations.
U.S.C.'s Conference - leading net
men oppose the Indians on the Band
house courts beginning at 1:30 this
afternoon.
The Trojans' national junior cham
pion, Joe Hunt, is scheduled to meet
Bob Braly in the number one singles
match. Coach Sherm Lock wood an
nounced yesterday that Captain Bob
Underwood would be unable to play
against the Trojans today, because
the Card player's injured knee had
not sufficiently responded to medi
cal treatment.
The Indians could take only two of
the rjine matches from the Trojans
at Los Angeles last week-end and
their chances of coming out with a
win today are considerably less
without the services of Underwood.
Behind Hunt on the U.S.C. team
are such stars as Louis Wetherell,
national public parks champion, and
Don Leavens, high ranking player
from the Middle West.
The Card lineup will probably
contain the names of Braly, Arm
strong, Folsom, Gates, Brock, and
Seaver. Lockwood has not decided
how he will play his men, but from
recent practice form Seaver and
Brock may play near the top. Art
Stoefen will probably get the call
over Gates in one of the double com
binations.
U.S.C.'s Conference - leading net
men oppose the Indians on the Band
house courts beginning at 1:30 this
afternoon.
The Trojans' national junior cham
pion, Joe Hunt, is scheduled to meet
Bob Braly in the number one singles
match. Coach Sherm Lock wood an
nounced yesterday that Captain Bob
Underwood would be unable to play
against the Trojans today, because
the Card player's injured knee had
not sufficiently responded to medi
cal treatment.
The Indians could take only two of
the rjine matches from the Trojans
at Los Angeles last week-end and
their chances of coming out with a
win today are considerably less
without the services of Underwood.
Behind Hunt on the U.S.C. team
are such stars as Louis Wetherell,
national public parks champion, and
Don Leavens, high ranking player
from the Middle West.
The Card lineup will probably
contain the names of Braly, Arm
strong, Folsom, Gates, Brock, and
Seaver. Lockwood has not decided
how he will play his men, but from
recent practice form Seaver and
Brock may play near the top. Art
Stoefen will probably get the call
over Gates in one of the double com
binations.
U.S.C.'s Conference - leading net
men oppose the Indians on the Band
house courts beginning at 1:30 this
afternoon.
The Trojans' national junior cham
pion, Joe Hunt, is scheduled to meet
Bob Braly in the number one singles
match. Coach Sherm Lock wood an
nounced yesterday that Captain Bob
Underwood would be unable to play
against the Trojans today, because
the Card player's injured knee had
not sufficiently responded to medi
cal treatment.
The Indians could take only two of
the rjine matches from the Trojans
at Los Angeles last week-end and
their chances of coming out with a
win today are considerably less
without the services of Underwood.
Behind Hunt on the U.S.C. team
are such stars as Louis Wetherell,
national public parks champion, and
Don Leavens, high ranking player
from the Middle West.
The Card lineup will probably
contain the names of Braly, Arm
strong, Folsom, Gates, Brock, and
Seaver. Lockwood has not decided
how he will play his men, but from
recent practice form Seaver and
Brock may play near the top. Art
Stoefen will probably get the call
over Gates in one of the double com
binations.
