# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
r I
David Keeble
AT
Crandall's
MOVIE
CAMERAS
The Commercial Photography,
Developing and Printing will
continue to be an important part
of our business.
iNTERIOR DECORATING
We are increasing the scope of |
our Art and Gifts Section, Sta
tionery, and Picture Framing
Departments.
will inaugurate a decorative de
partment for the executing of 1
tine drapery and upholstery |
work and special design furni- ||
i ture.
CRANDALL'S
i 323 University Ave., Palo Alto
r I
David Keeble
AT
Crandall's
MOVIE
CAMERAS
The Commercial Photography,
Developing and Printing will
continue to be an important part
of our business.
iNTERIOR DECORATING
We are increasing the scope of |
our Art and Gifts Section, Sta
tionery, and Picture Framing
Departments.
will inaugurate a decorative de
partment for the executing of 1
tine drapery and upholstery |
work and special design furni- ||
i ture.
CRANDALL'S
i 323 University Ave., Palo Alto
r I
David Keeble
AT
Crandall's
MOVIE
CAMERAS
The Commercial Photography,
Developing and Printing will
continue to be an important part
of our business.
iNTERIOR DECORATING
We are increasing the scope of |
our Art and Gifts Section, Sta
tionery, and Picture Framing
Departments.
will inaugurate a decorative de
partment for the executing of 1
tine drapery and upholstery |
work and special design furni- ||
i ture.
CRANDALL'S
i 323 University Ave., Palo Alto
r I
David Keeble
AT
Crandall's
MOVIE
CAMERAS
The Commercial Photography,
Developing and Printing will
continue to be an important part
of our business.
iNTERIOR DECORATING
We are increasing the scope of |
our Art and Gifts Section, Sta
tionery, and Picture Framing
Departments.
will inaugurate a decorative de
partment for the executing of 1
tine drapery and upholstery |
work and special design furni- ||
i ture.
CRANDALL'S
i 323 University Ave., Palo Alto
r I
David Keeble
AT
Crandall's
MOVIE
CAMERAS
The Commercial Photography,
Developing and Printing will
continue to be an important part
of our business.
iNTERIOR DECORATING
We are increasing the scope of |
our Art and Gifts Section, Sta
tionery, and Picture Framing
Departments.
will inaugurate a decorative de
partment for the executing of 1
tine drapery and upholstery |
work and special design furni- ||
i ture.
CRANDALL'S
i 323 University Ave., Palo Alto
r I
David Keeble
AT
Crandall's
MOVIE
CAMERAS
The Commercial Photography,
Developing and Printing will
continue to be an important part
of our business.
iNTERIOR DECORATING
We are increasing the scope of |
our Art and Gifts Section, Sta
tionery, and Picture Framing
Departments.
will inaugurate a decorative de
partment for the executing of 1
tine drapery and upholstery |
work and special design furni- ||
i ture.
CRANDALL'S
i 323 University Ave., Palo Alto
r I
David Keeble
AT
Crandall's
MOVIE
CAMERAS
The Commercial Photography,
Developing and Printing will
continue to be an important part
of our business.
iNTERIOR DECORATING
We are increasing the scope of |
our Art and Gifts Section, Sta
tionery, and Picture Framing
Departments.
will inaugurate a decorative de
partment for the executing of 1
tine drapery and upholstery |
work and special design furni- ||
i ture.
CRANDALL'S
i 323 University Ave., Palo Alto
r I
David Keeble
AT
Crandall's
MOVIE
CAMERAS
The Commercial Photography,
Developing and Printing will
continue to be an important part
of our business.
iNTERIOR DECORATING
We are increasing the scope of |
our Art and Gifts Section, Sta
tionery, and Picture Framing
Departments.
will inaugurate a decorative de
partment for the executing of 1
tine drapery and upholstery |
work and special design furni- ||
i ture.
CRANDALL'S
i 323 University Ave., Palo Alto
r I
David Keeble
AT
Crandall's
MOVIE
CAMERAS
The Commercial Photography,
Developing and Printing will
continue to be an important part
of our business.
iNTERIOR DECORATING
We are increasing the scope of |
our Art and Gifts Section, Sta
tionery, and Picture Framing
Departments.
will inaugurate a decorative de
partment for the executing of 1
tine drapery and upholstery |
work and special design furni- ||
i ture.
CRANDALL'S
i 323 University Ave., Palo Alto
r I
David Keeble
AT
Crandall's
MOVIE
CAMERAS
The Commercial Photography,
Developing and Printing will
continue to be an important part
of our business.
iNTERIOR DECORATING
We are increasing the scope of |
our Art and Gifts Section, Sta
tionery, and Picture Framing
Departments.
will inaugurate a decorative de
partment for the executing of 1
tine drapery and upholstery |
work and special design furni- ||
i ture.
CRANDALL'S
i 323 University Ave., Palo Alto
r I
David Keeble
AT
Crandall's
MOVIE
CAMERAS
The Commercial Photography,
Developing and Printing will
continue to be an important part
of our business.
iNTERIOR DECORATING
We are increasing the scope of |
our Art and Gifts Section, Sta
tionery, and Picture Framing
Departments.
will inaugurate a decorative de
partment for the executing of 1
tine drapery and upholstery |
work and special design furni- ||
i ture.
CRANDALL'S
i 323 University Ave., Palo Alto
r I
David Keeble
AT
Crandall's
MOVIE
CAMERAS
The Commercial Photography,
Developing and Printing will
continue to be an important part
of our business.
iNTERIOR DECORATING
We are increasing the scope of |
our Art and Gifts Section, Sta
tionery, and Picture Framing
Departments.
will inaugurate a decorative de
partment for the executing of 1
tine drapery and upholstery |
work and special design furni- ||
i ture.
CRANDALL'S
i 323 University Ave., Palo Alto
r I
David Keeble
AT
Crandall's
MOVIE
CAMERAS
The Commercial Photography,
Developing and Printing will
continue to be an important part
of our business.
iNTERIOR DECORATING
We are increasing the scope of |
our Art and Gifts Section, Sta
tionery, and Picture Framing
Departments.
will inaugurate a decorative de
partment for the executing of 1
tine drapery and upholstery |
work and special design furni- ||
i ture.
CRANDALL'S
i 323 University Ave., Palo Alto
r I
David Keeble
AT
Crandall's
MOVIE
CAMERAS
The Commercial Photography,
Developing and Printing will
continue to be an important part
of our business.
iNTERIOR DECORATING
We are increasing the scope of |
our Art and Gifts Section, Sta
tionery, and Picture Framing
Departments.
will inaugurate a decorative de
partment for the executing of 1
tine drapery and upholstery |
work and special design furni- ||
i ture.
CRANDALL'S
i 323 University Ave., Palo Alto
r I
David Keeble
AT
Crandall's
MOVIE
CAMERAS
The Commercial Photography,
Developing and Printing will
continue to be an important part
of our business.
iNTERIOR DECORATING
We are increasing the scope of |
our Art and Gifts Section, Sta
tionery, and Picture Framing
Departments.
will inaugurate a decorative de
partment for the executing of 1
tine drapery and upholstery |
work and special design furni- ||
i ture.
CRANDALL'S
i 323 University Ave., Palo Alto
r I
David Keeble
AT
Crandall's
MOVIE
CAMERAS
The Commercial Photography,
Developing and Printing will
continue to be an important part
of our business.
iNTERIOR DECORATING
We are increasing the scope of |
our Art and Gifts Section, Sta
tionery, and Picture Framing
Departments.
will inaugurate a decorative de
partment for the executing of 1
tine drapery and upholstery |
work and special design furni- ||
i ture.
CRANDALL'S
i 323 University Ave., Palo Alto
