# Phi Delta Kappa To Hold Business Meeting Tonight
## 
### 
Phi Delta Kappa, professional fra
ternity of men in education, will meet
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 56, Edu
cation department suite. President
John It. Nichols announces that busi
ness of importance is to be con
sidered and that there will be a pro
fessional program following the busi
ness meeting.
Phi Delta Kappa, professional fra
ternity of men in education, will meet
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 56, Edu
cation department suite. President
John It. Nichols announces that busi
ness of importance is to be con
sidered and that there will be a pro
fessional program following the busi
ness meeting.
Phi Delta Kappa, professional fra
ternity of men in education, will meet
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 56, Edu
cation department suite. President
John It. Nichols announces that busi
ness of importance is to be con
sidered and that there will be a pro
fessional program following the busi
ness meeting.
Phi Delta Kappa, professional fra
ternity of men in education, will meet
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 56, Edu
cation department suite. President
John It. Nichols announces that busi
ness of importance is to be con
sidered and that there will be a pro
fessional program following the busi
ness meeting.
Phi Delta Kappa, professional fra
ternity of men in education, will meet
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 56, Edu
cation department suite. President
John It. Nichols announces that busi
ness of importance is to be con
sidered and that there will be a pro
fessional program following the busi
ness meeting.
Phi Delta Kappa, professional fra
ternity of men in education, will meet
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 56, Edu
cation department suite. President
John It. Nichols announces that busi
ness of importance is to be con
sidered and that there will be a pro
fessional program following the busi
ness meeting.
Phi Delta Kappa, professional fra
ternity of men in education, will meet
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 56, Edu
cation department suite. President
John It. Nichols announces that busi
ness of importance is to be con
sidered and that there will be a pro
fessional program following the busi
ness meeting.
Phi Delta Kappa, professional fra
ternity of men in education, will meet
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 56, Edu
cation department suite. President
John It. Nichols announces that busi
ness of importance is to be con
sidered and that there will be a pro
fessional program following the busi
ness meeting.
Phi Delta Kappa, professional fra
ternity of men in education, will meet
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 56, Edu
cation department suite. President
John It. Nichols announces that busi
ness of importance is to be con
sidered and that there will be a pro
fessional program following the busi
ness meeting.
Phi Delta Kappa, professional fra
ternity of men in education, will meet
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 56, Edu
cation department suite. President
John It. Nichols announces that busi
ness of importance is to be con
sidered and that there will be a pro
fessional program following the busi
ness meeting.
Phi Delta Kappa, professional fra
ternity of men in education, will meet
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 56, Edu
cation department suite. President
John It. Nichols announces that busi
ness of importance is to be con
sidered and that there will be a pro
fessional program following the busi
ness meeting.
Phi Delta Kappa, professional fra
ternity of men in education, will meet
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 56, Edu
cation department suite. President
John It. Nichols announces that busi
ness of importance is to be con
sidered and that there will be a pro
fessional program following the busi
ness meeting.
Phi Delta Kappa, professional fra
ternity of men in education, will meet
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 56, Edu
cation department suite. President
John It. Nichols announces that busi
ness of importance is to be con
sidered and that there will be a pro
fessional program following the busi
ness meeting.
Phi Delta Kappa, professional fra
ternity of men in education, will meet
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 56, Edu
cation department suite. President
John It. Nichols announces that busi
ness of importance is to be con
sidered and that there will be a pro
fessional program following the busi
ness meeting.
Phi Delta Kappa, professional fra
ternity of men in education, will meet
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 56, Edu
cation department suite. President
John It. Nichols announces that busi
ness of importance is to be con
sidered and that there will be a pro
fessional program following the busi
ness meeting.
Phi Delta Kappa, professional fra
ternity of men in education, will meet
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 56, Edu
cation department suite. President
John It. Nichols announces that busi
ness of importance is to be con
sidered and that there will be a pro
fessional program following the busi
ness meeting.
