# Regional A.W.S. Elects Westerberg to Be V.P.
## 
### 
Susan Westerberg, current pres
ident of the Associated Women
Students of Stanford, was elected
regional Vice-president of the In
tercollegiate Women Students at
the Organization's national con
vention, held last week in Okla
homa City.
The Intercollegiate A.W.S., com
posed of representatives from uni
versities and colleges across the
nation, meets every two years in
national convention to exchange
ideas, lake stands on issues of na
tional interest to women, and help
local A.W.S. organizations to ini
tiate campus programs.
As a member of the national
executive board, which includes
the national president and three
other regional vice presidents,
Miss Westerberg will act as chair
man of the resolutions committee
and as chairman of the regional
A.W.S. conference to be held at
the University of Washington in
the spring of 1964.
Miss Westerberg, a junior, has
been active in A.W.S. since her
sophomore year, when she served
as recording secretary and as a
delegate to the regional A.W.S.
convention.
