# Coester at New Orleans
## 
### 
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department left Friday

for New Orleans where he will read a
paper on the study of Spanish at the
tenth annual foreign trade convention.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department left Friday

for New Orleans where he will read a
paper on the study of Spanish at the
tenth annual foreign trade convention.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department left Friday

for New Orleans where he will read a
paper on the study of Spanish at the
tenth annual foreign trade convention.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department left Friday

for New Orleans where he will read a
paper on the study of Spanish at the
tenth annual foreign trade convention.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department left Friday

for New Orleans where he will read a
paper on the study of Spanish at the
tenth annual foreign trade convention.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department left Friday

for New Orleans where he will read a
paper on the study of Spanish at the
tenth annual foreign trade convention.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department left Friday

for New Orleans where he will read a
paper on the study of Spanish at the
tenth annual foreign trade convention.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department left Friday

for New Orleans where he will read a
paper on the study of Spanish at the
tenth annual foreign trade convention.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department left Friday

for New Orleans where he will read a
paper on the study of Spanish at the
tenth annual foreign trade convention.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department left Friday

for New Orleans where he will read a
paper on the study of Spanish at the
tenth annual foreign trade convention.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department left Friday

for New Orleans where he will read a
paper on the study of Spanish at the
tenth annual foreign trade convention.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department left Friday

for New Orleans where he will read a
paper on the study of Spanish at the
tenth annual foreign trade convention.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department left Friday

for New Orleans where he will read a
paper on the study of Spanish at the
tenth annual foreign trade convention.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department left Friday

for New Orleans where he will read a
paper on the study of Spanish at the
tenth annual foreign trade convention.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department left Friday

for New Orleans where he will read a
paper on the study of Spanish at the
tenth annual foreign trade convention.
