# SOPHOMORE VIGILANCE MEN APPOINTED AT BERKELEY
## 
### 
UNIVERSITY OP CALIFORNIA —
Appointments to the sophomore vigi-'
lance committee at the University of
California were made last Friday in
accordance with the annual custom at
the end of the year. The committee is
selected for the purpose of enforcing
university traditions on the freshmen
each year. It also takes charge of all
hazing at the beginning of each se
mester.
UNIVERSITY OP CALIFORNIA —
Appointments to the sophomore vigi-'
lance committee at the University of
California were made last Friday in
accordance with the annual custom at
the end of the year. The committee is
selected for the purpose of enforcing
university traditions on the freshmen
each year. It also takes charge of all
hazing at the beginning of each se
mester.
UNIVERSITY OP CALIFORNIA —
Appointments to the sophomore vigi-'
lance committee at the University of
California were made last Friday in
accordance with the annual custom at
the end of the year. The committee is
selected for the purpose of enforcing
university traditions on the freshmen
each year. It also takes charge of all
hazing at the beginning of each se
mester.
UNIVERSITY OP CALIFORNIA —
Appointments to the sophomore vigi-'
lance committee at the University of
California were made last Friday in
accordance with the annual custom at
the end of the year. The committee is
selected for the purpose of enforcing
university traditions on the freshmen
each year. It also takes charge of all
hazing at the beginning of each se
mester.
UNIVERSITY OP CALIFORNIA —
Appointments to the sophomore vigi-'
lance committee at the University of
California were made last Friday in
accordance with the annual custom at
the end of the year. The committee is
selected for the purpose of enforcing
university traditions on the freshmen
each year. It also takes charge of all
hazing at the beginning of each se
mester.
UNIVERSITY OP CALIFORNIA —
Appointments to the sophomore vigi-'
lance committee at the University of
California were made last Friday in
accordance with the annual custom at
the end of the year. The committee is
selected for the purpose of enforcing
university traditions on the freshmen
each year. It also takes charge of all
hazing at the beginning of each se
mester.
UNIVERSITY OP CALIFORNIA —
Appointments to the sophomore vigi-'
lance committee at the University of
California were made last Friday in
accordance with the annual custom at
the end of the year. The committee is
selected for the purpose of enforcing
university traditions on the freshmen
each year. It also takes charge of all
hazing at the beginning of each se
mester.
UNIVERSITY OP CALIFORNIA —
Appointments to the sophomore vigi-'
lance committee at the University of
California were made last Friday in
accordance with the annual custom at
the end of the year. The committee is
selected for the purpose of enforcing
university traditions on the freshmen
each year. It also takes charge of all
hazing at the beginning of each se
mester.
UNIVERSITY OP CALIFORNIA —
Appointments to the sophomore vigi-'
lance committee at the University of
California were made last Friday in
accordance with the annual custom at
the end of the year. The committee is
selected for the purpose of enforcing
university traditions on the freshmen
each year. It also takes charge of all
hazing at the beginning of each se
mester.
UNIVERSITY OP CALIFORNIA —
Appointments to the sophomore vigi-'
lance committee at the University of
California were made last Friday in
accordance with the annual custom at
the end of the year. The committee is
selected for the purpose of enforcing
university traditions on the freshmen
each year. It also takes charge of all
hazing at the beginning of each se
mester.
UNIVERSITY OP CALIFORNIA —
Appointments to the sophomore vigi-'
lance committee at the University of
California were made last Friday in
accordance with the annual custom at
the end of the year. The committee is
selected for the purpose of enforcing
university traditions on the freshmen
each year. It also takes charge of all
hazing at the beginning of each se
mester.
UNIVERSITY OP CALIFORNIA —
Appointments to the sophomore vigi-'
lance committee at the University of
California were made last Friday in
accordance with the annual custom at
the end of the year. The committee is
selected for the purpose of enforcing
university traditions on the freshmen
each year. It also takes charge of all
hazing at the beginning of each se
mester.
UNIVERSITY OP CALIFORNIA —
Appointments to the sophomore vigi-'
lance committee at the University of
California were made last Friday in
accordance with the annual custom at
the end of the year. The committee is
selected for the purpose of enforcing
university traditions on the freshmen
each year. It also takes charge of all
hazing at the beginning of each se
mester.
UNIVERSITY OP CALIFORNIA —
Appointments to the sophomore vigi-'
lance committee at the University of
California were made last Friday in
accordance with the annual custom at
the end of the year. The committee is
selected for the purpose of enforcing
university traditions on the freshmen
each year. It also takes charge of all
hazing at the beginning of each se
mester.
UNIVERSITY OP CALIFORNIA —
Appointments to the sophomore vigi-'
lance committee at the University of
California were made last Friday in
accordance with the annual custom at
the end of the year. The committee is
selected for the purpose of enforcing
university traditions on the freshmen
each year. It also takes charge of all
hazing at the beginning of each se
mester.
