# Adv. 21 Page 4
## 
### 
Overseas Meeting Set
The members of Group VI,
Stanford in Italy, and Group VI,
Stanford in France, are reminded
that meetings will be held Mon
day evenings this quarter. The
first meeting will be Monday at
8 p.m. in room 211. A schedule
for future meetings will be
mailed
Attendance at these meetings is
required.
Overseas Meeting Set
The members of Group VI,
Stanford in Italy, and Group VI,
Stanford in France, are reminded
that meetings will be held Mon
day evenings this quarter. The
first meeting will be Monday at
8 p.m. in room 211. A schedule
for future meetings will be
mailed
Attendance at these meetings is
required.
Overseas Meeting Set
The members of Group VI,
Stanford in Italy, and Group VI,
Stanford in France, are reminded
that meetings will be held Mon
day evenings this quarter. The
first meeting will be Monday at
8 p.m. in room 211. A schedule
for future meetings will be
mailed
Attendance at these meetings is
required.
Overseas Meeting Set
The members of Group VI,
Stanford in Italy, and Group VI,
Stanford in France, are reminded
that meetings will be held Mon
day evenings this quarter. The
first meeting will be Monday at
8 p.m. in room 211. A schedule
for future meetings will be
mailed
Attendance at these meetings is
required.
Overseas Meeting Set
The members of Group VI,
Stanford in Italy, and Group VI,
Stanford in France, are reminded
that meetings will be held Mon
day evenings this quarter. The
first meeting will be Monday at
8 p.m. in room 211. A schedule
for future meetings will be
mailed
Attendance at these meetings is
required.
Overseas Meeting Set
The members of Group VI,
Stanford in Italy, and Group VI,
Stanford in France, are reminded
that meetings will be held Mon
day evenings this quarter. The
first meeting will be Monday at
8 p.m. in room 211. A schedule
for future meetings will be
mailed
Attendance at these meetings is
required.
Overseas Meeting Set
The members of Group VI,
Stanford in Italy, and Group VI,
Stanford in France, are reminded
that meetings will be held Mon
day evenings this quarter. The
first meeting will be Monday at
8 p.m. in room 211. A schedule
for future meetings will be
mailed
Attendance at these meetings is
required.
Overseas Meeting Set
The members of Group VI,
Stanford in Italy, and Group VI,
Stanford in France, are reminded
that meetings will be held Mon
day evenings this quarter. The
first meeting will be Monday at
8 p.m. in room 211. A schedule
for future meetings will be
mailed
Attendance at these meetings is
required.
Overseas Meeting Set
The members of Group VI,
Stanford in Italy, and Group VI,
Stanford in France, are reminded
that meetings will be held Mon
day evenings this quarter. The
first meeting will be Monday at
8 p.m. in room 211. A schedule
for future meetings will be
mailed
Attendance at these meetings is
required.
Overseas Meeting Set
The members of Group VI,
Stanford in Italy, and Group VI,
Stanford in France, are reminded
that meetings will be held Mon
day evenings this quarter. The
first meeting will be Monday at
8 p.m. in room 211. A schedule
for future meetings will be
mailed
Attendance at these meetings is
required.
Overseas Meeting Set
The members of Group VI,
Stanford in Italy, and Group VI,
Stanford in France, are reminded
that meetings will be held Mon
day evenings this quarter. The
first meeting will be Monday at
8 p.m. in room 211. A schedule
for future meetings will be
mailed
Attendance at these meetings is
required.
Overseas Meeting Set
The members of Group VI,
Stanford in Italy, and Group VI,
Stanford in France, are reminded
that meetings will be held Mon
day evenings this quarter. The
first meeting will be Monday at
8 p.m. in room 211. A schedule
for future meetings will be
mailed
Attendance at these meetings is
required.
Overseas Meeting Set
The members of Group VI,
Stanford in Italy, and Group VI,
Stanford in France, are reminded
that meetings will be held Mon
day evenings this quarter. The
first meeting will be Monday at
8 p.m. in room 211. A schedule
for future meetings will be
mailed
Attendance at these meetings is
required.
Overseas Meeting Set
The members of Group VI,
Stanford in Italy, and Group VI,
Stanford in France, are reminded
that meetings will be held Mon
day evenings this quarter. The
first meeting will be Monday at
8 p.m. in room 211. A schedule
for future meetings will be
mailed
Attendance at these meetings is
required.
Overseas Meeting Set
The members of Group VI,
Stanford in Italy, and Group VI,
Stanford in France, are reminded
that meetings will be held Mon
day evenings this quarter. The
first meeting will be Monday at
8 p.m. in room 211. A schedule
for future meetings will be
mailed
Attendance at these meetings is
required.
Overseas Meeting Set
The members of Group VI,
Stanford in Italy, and Group VI,
Stanford in France, are reminded
that meetings will be held Mon
day evenings this quarter. The
first meeting will be Monday at
8 p.m. in room 211. A schedule
for future meetings will be
mailed
Attendance at these meetings is
required.
Overseas Meeting Set
The members of Group VI,
Stanford in Italy, and Group VI,
Stanford in France, are reminded
that meetings will be held Mon
day evenings this quarter. The
first meeting will be Monday at
8 p.m. in room 211. A schedule
for future meetings will be
mailed
Attendance at these meetings is
required.
