# Encina Boys Flee the Flu
## 
### 
A simulaled escape from En
cina Isolation Ward yesterday
morning proved that (he Asian
flu does not dull a sense of
humor.
At approximately 5:30 a.m.,
five unnamed male inmates of
the ward hatched the idea of a
pretended escape to amuse the
nurses on duty.
At 5:35, dummies of shcet
and ■ pillow construction were
placed in the beds, several win
dows were opened, and the hu
morists retreated to a safe dis
tance to watch the fun.
Unfortunately, a recurrent at
tack of the disease caused a
hasty retreat, and the inmates
were back in bed undiscovered
by 5:40.
An interview with the master
mind behind the plot revealed
that "service is good" in Encina.
The only complaint: "Starva
tion diet!!"
A simulaled escape from En
cina Isolation Ward yesterday
morning proved that (he Asian
flu does not dull a sense of
humor.
At approximately 5:30 a.m.,
five unnamed male inmates of
the ward hatched the idea of a
pretended escape to amuse the
nurses on duty.
At 5:35, dummies of shcet
and ■ pillow construction were
placed in the beds, several win
dows were opened, and the hu
morists retreated to a safe dis
tance to watch the fun.
Unfortunately, a recurrent at
tack of the disease caused a
hasty retreat, and the inmates
were back in bed undiscovered
by 5:40.
An interview with the master
mind behind the plot revealed
that "service is good" in Encina.
The only complaint: "Starva
tion diet!!"
A simulaled escape from En
cina Isolation Ward yesterday
morning proved that (he Asian
flu does not dull a sense of
humor.
At approximately 5:30 a.m.,
five unnamed male inmates of
the ward hatched the idea of a
pretended escape to amuse the
nurses on duty.
At 5:35, dummies of shcet
and ■ pillow construction were
placed in the beds, several win
dows were opened, and the hu
morists retreated to a safe dis
tance to watch the fun.
Unfortunately, a recurrent at
tack of the disease caused a
hasty retreat, and the inmates
were back in bed undiscovered
by 5:40.
An interview with the master
mind behind the plot revealed
that "service is good" in Encina.
The only complaint: "Starva
tion diet!!"
A simulaled escape from En
cina Isolation Ward yesterday
morning proved that (he Asian
flu does not dull a sense of
humor.
At approximately 5:30 a.m.,
five unnamed male inmates of
the ward hatched the idea of a
pretended escape to amuse the
nurses on duty.
At 5:35, dummies of shcet
and ■ pillow construction were
placed in the beds, several win
dows were opened, and the hu
morists retreated to a safe dis
tance to watch the fun.
Unfortunately, a recurrent at
tack of the disease caused a
hasty retreat, and the inmates
were back in bed undiscovered
by 5:40.
An interview with the master
mind behind the plot revealed
that "service is good" in Encina.
The only complaint: "Starva
tion diet!!"
A simulaled escape from En
cina Isolation Ward yesterday
morning proved that (he Asian
flu does not dull a sense of
humor.
At approximately 5:30 a.m.,
five unnamed male inmates of
the ward hatched the idea of a
pretended escape to amuse the
nurses on duty.
At 5:35, dummies of shcet
and ■ pillow construction were
placed in the beds, several win
dows were opened, and the hu
morists retreated to a safe dis
tance to watch the fun.
Unfortunately, a recurrent at
tack of the disease caused a
hasty retreat, and the inmates
were back in bed undiscovered
by 5:40.
An interview with the master
mind behind the plot revealed
that "service is good" in Encina.
The only complaint: "Starva
tion diet!!"
A simulaled escape from En
cina Isolation Ward yesterday
morning proved that (he Asian
flu does not dull a sense of
humor.
At approximately 5:30 a.m.,
five unnamed male inmates of
the ward hatched the idea of a
pretended escape to amuse the
nurses on duty.
At 5:35, dummies of shcet
and ■ pillow construction were
placed in the beds, several win
dows were opened, and the hu
morists retreated to a safe dis
tance to watch the fun.
Unfortunately, a recurrent at
tack of the disease caused a
hasty retreat, and the inmates
were back in bed undiscovered
by 5:40.
An interview with the master
mind behind the plot revealed
that "service is good" in Encina.
The only complaint: "Starva
tion diet!!"
A simulaled escape from En
cina Isolation Ward yesterday
morning proved that (he Asian
flu does not dull a sense of
humor.
At approximately 5:30 a.m.,
five unnamed male inmates of
the ward hatched the idea of a
pretended escape to amuse the
nurses on duty.
At 5:35, dummies of shcet
and ■ pillow construction were
placed in the beds, several win
dows were opened, and the hu
morists retreated to a safe dis
tance to watch the fun.
Unfortunately, a recurrent at
tack of the disease caused a
hasty retreat, and the inmates
were back in bed undiscovered
by 5:40.
An interview with the master
mind behind the plot revealed
that "service is good" in Encina.
The only complaint: "Starva
tion diet!!"
A simulaled escape from En
cina Isolation Ward yesterday
morning proved that (he Asian
flu does not dull a sense of
humor.
At approximately 5:30 a.m.,
five unnamed male inmates of
the ward hatched the idea of a
pretended escape to amuse the
nurses on duty.
At 5:35, dummies of shcet
and ■ pillow construction were
placed in the beds, several win
dows were opened, and the hu
morists retreated to a safe dis
tance to watch the fun.
Unfortunately, a recurrent at
tack of the disease caused a
hasty retreat, and the inmates
were back in bed undiscovered
by 5:40.
An interview with the master
mind behind the plot revealed
that "service is good" in Encina.
The only complaint: "Starva
tion diet!!"
A simulaled escape from En
cina Isolation Ward yesterday
morning proved that (he Asian
flu does not dull a sense of
humor.
At approximately 5:30 a.m.,
five unnamed male inmates of
the ward hatched the idea of a
pretended escape to amuse the
nurses on duty.
At 5:35, dummies of shcet
and ■ pillow construction were
placed in the beds, several win
dows were opened, and the hu
morists retreated to a safe dis
tance to watch the fun.
Unfortunately, a recurrent at
tack of the disease caused a
hasty retreat, and the inmates
were back in bed undiscovered
by 5:40.
An interview with the master
mind behind the plot revealed
that "service is good" in Encina.
The only complaint: "Starva
tion diet!!"
A simulaled escape from En
cina Isolation Ward yesterday
morning proved that (he Asian
flu does not dull a sense of
humor.
At approximately 5:30 a.m.,
five unnamed male inmates of
the ward hatched the idea of a
pretended escape to amuse the
nurses on duty.
At 5:35, dummies of shcet
and ■ pillow construction were
placed in the beds, several win
dows were opened, and the hu
morists retreated to a safe dis
tance to watch the fun.
Unfortunately, a recurrent at
tack of the disease caused a
hasty retreat, and the inmates
were back in bed undiscovered
by 5:40.
An interview with the master
mind behind the plot revealed
that "service is good" in Encina.
The only complaint: "Starva
tion diet!!"
A simulaled escape from En
cina Isolation Ward yesterday
morning proved that (he Asian
flu does not dull a sense of
humor.
At approximately 5:30 a.m.,
five unnamed male inmates of
the ward hatched the idea of a
pretended escape to amuse the
nurses on duty.
At 5:35, dummies of shcet
and ■ pillow construction were
placed in the beds, several win
dows were opened, and the hu
morists retreated to a safe dis
tance to watch the fun.
Unfortunately, a recurrent at
tack of the disease caused a
hasty retreat, and the inmates
were back in bed undiscovered
by 5:40.
An interview with the master
mind behind the plot revealed
that "service is good" in Encina.
The only complaint: "Starva
tion diet!!"
A simulaled escape from En
cina Isolation Ward yesterday
morning proved that (he Asian
flu does not dull a sense of
humor.
At approximately 5:30 a.m.,
five unnamed male inmates of
the ward hatched the idea of a
pretended escape to amuse the
nurses on duty.
At 5:35, dummies of shcet
and ■ pillow construction were
placed in the beds, several win
dows were opened, and the hu
morists retreated to a safe dis
tance to watch the fun.
Unfortunately, a recurrent at
tack of the disease caused a
hasty retreat, and the inmates
were back in bed undiscovered
by 5:40.
An interview with the master
mind behind the plot revealed
that "service is good" in Encina.
The only complaint: "Starva
tion diet!!"
A simulaled escape from En
cina Isolation Ward yesterday
morning proved that (he Asian
flu does not dull a sense of
humor.
At approximately 5:30 a.m.,
five unnamed male inmates of
the ward hatched the idea of a
pretended escape to amuse the
nurses on duty.
At 5:35, dummies of shcet
and ■ pillow construction were
placed in the beds, several win
dows were opened, and the hu
morists retreated to a safe dis
tance to watch the fun.
Unfortunately, a recurrent at
tack of the disease caused a
hasty retreat, and the inmates
were back in bed undiscovered
by 5:40.
An interview with the master
mind behind the plot revealed
that "service is good" in Encina.
The only complaint: "Starva
tion diet!!"
A simulaled escape from En
cina Isolation Ward yesterday
morning proved that (he Asian
flu does not dull a sense of
humor.
At approximately 5:30 a.m.,
five unnamed male inmates of
the ward hatched the idea of a
pretended escape to amuse the
nurses on duty.
At 5:35, dummies of shcet
and ■ pillow construction were
placed in the beds, several win
dows were opened, and the hu
morists retreated to a safe dis
tance to watch the fun.
Unfortunately, a recurrent at
tack of the disease caused a
hasty retreat, and the inmates
were back in bed undiscovered
by 5:40.
An interview with the master
mind behind the plot revealed
that "service is good" in Encina.
The only complaint: "Starva
tion diet!!"
A simulaled escape from En
cina Isolation Ward yesterday
morning proved that (he Asian
flu does not dull a sense of
humor.
At approximately 5:30 a.m.,
five unnamed male inmates of
the ward hatched the idea of a
pretended escape to amuse the
nurses on duty.
At 5:35, dummies of shcet
and ■ pillow construction were
placed in the beds, several win
dows were opened, and the hu
morists retreated to a safe dis
tance to watch the fun.
Unfortunately, a recurrent at
tack of the disease caused a
hasty retreat, and the inmates
were back in bed undiscovered
by 5:40.
An interview with the master
mind behind the plot revealed
that "service is good" in Encina.
The only complaint: "Starva
tion diet!!"
A simulaled escape from En
cina Isolation Ward yesterday
morning proved that (he Asian
flu does not dull a sense of
humor.
At approximately 5:30 a.m.,
five unnamed male inmates of
the ward hatched the idea of a
pretended escape to amuse the
nurses on duty.
At 5:35, dummies of shcet
and ■ pillow construction were
placed in the beds, several win
dows were opened, and the hu
morists retreated to a safe dis
tance to watch the fun.
Unfortunately, a recurrent at
tack of the disease caused a
hasty retreat, and the inmates
were back in bed undiscovered
by 5:40.
An interview with the master
mind behind the plot revealed
that "service is good" in Encina.
The only complaint: "Starva
tion diet!!"
