# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
STORAGE
with
Campus Delivery
•
SPECIAL PRICES
on
Gas, Oil, and Supplies
and
DAY AND NICHT
WASHINC AND
CREASINC
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
Sales and Scrvicc
•
Campus Garage
Opposite S. P. Depot
Phone 5232
STORAGE
with
Campus Delivery
•
SPECIAL PRICES
on
Gas, Oil, and Supplies
and
DAY AND NICHT
WASHINC AND
CREASINC
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
Sales and Scrvicc
•
Campus Garage
Opposite S. P. Depot
Phone 5232
STORAGE
with
Campus Delivery
•
SPECIAL PRICES
on
Gas, Oil, and Supplies
and
DAY AND NICHT
WASHINC AND
CREASINC
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
Sales and Scrvicc
•
Campus Garage
Opposite S. P. Depot
Phone 5232
STORAGE
with
Campus Delivery
•
SPECIAL PRICES
on
Gas, Oil, and Supplies
and
DAY AND NICHT
WASHINC AND
CREASINC
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
Sales and Scrvicc
•
Campus Garage
Opposite S. P. Depot
Phone 5232
STORAGE
with
Campus Delivery
•
SPECIAL PRICES
on
Gas, Oil, and Supplies
and
DAY AND NICHT
WASHINC AND
CREASINC
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
Sales and Scrvicc
•
Campus Garage
Opposite S. P. Depot
Phone 5232
STORAGE
with
Campus Delivery
•
SPECIAL PRICES
on
Gas, Oil, and Supplies
and
DAY AND NICHT
WASHINC AND
CREASINC
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
Sales and Scrvicc
•
Campus Garage
Opposite S. P. Depot
Phone 5232
STORAGE
with
Campus Delivery
•
SPECIAL PRICES
on
Gas, Oil, and Supplies
and
DAY AND NICHT
WASHINC AND
CREASINC
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
Sales and Scrvicc
•
Campus Garage
Opposite S. P. Depot
Phone 5232
STORAGE
with
Campus Delivery
•
SPECIAL PRICES
on
Gas, Oil, and Supplies
and
DAY AND NICHT
WASHINC AND
CREASINC
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
Sales and Scrvicc
•
Campus Garage
Opposite S. P. Depot
Phone 5232
STORAGE
with
Campus Delivery
•
SPECIAL PRICES
on
Gas, Oil, and Supplies
and
DAY AND NICHT
WASHINC AND
CREASINC
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
Sales and Scrvicc
•
Campus Garage
Opposite S. P. Depot
Phone 5232
STORAGE
with
Campus Delivery
•
SPECIAL PRICES
on
Gas, Oil, and Supplies
and
DAY AND NICHT
WASHINC AND
CREASINC
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
Sales and Scrvicc
•
Campus Garage
Opposite S. P. Depot
Phone 5232
STORAGE
with
Campus Delivery
•
SPECIAL PRICES
on
Gas, Oil, and Supplies
and
DAY AND NICHT
WASHINC AND
CREASINC
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
Sales and Scrvicc
•
Campus Garage
Opposite S. P. Depot
Phone 5232
STORAGE
with
Campus Delivery
•
SPECIAL PRICES
on
Gas, Oil, and Supplies
and
DAY AND NICHT
WASHINC AND
CREASINC
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
Sales and Scrvicc
•
Campus Garage
Opposite S. P. Depot
Phone 5232
STORAGE
with
Campus Delivery
•
SPECIAL PRICES
on
Gas, Oil, and Supplies
and
DAY AND NICHT
WASHINC AND
CREASINC
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
Sales and Scrvicc
•
Campus Garage
Opposite S. P. Depot
Phone 5232
STORAGE
with
Campus Delivery
•
SPECIAL PRICES
on
Gas, Oil, and Supplies
and
DAY AND NICHT
WASHINC AND
CREASINC
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
Sales and Scrvicc
•
Campus Garage
Opposite S. P. Depot
Phone 5232
