# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A number of girls from Madrono
Hall have formed a club and have
rented a house at 21 Lausen for a
clubhouse.
A number of girls from Madrono
Hall have formed a club and have
rented a house at 21 Lausen for a
clubhouse.
A number of girls from Madrono
Hall have formed a club and have
rented a house at 21 Lausen for a
clubhouse.
A number of girls from Madrono
Hall have formed a club and have
rented a house at 21 Lausen for a
clubhouse.
A number of girls from Madrono
Hall have formed a club and have
rented a house at 21 Lausen for a
clubhouse.
A number of girls from Madrono
Hall have formed a club and have
rented a house at 21 Lausen for a
clubhouse.
A number of girls from Madrono
Hall have formed a club and have
rented a house at 21 Lausen for a
clubhouse.
A number of girls from Madrono
Hall have formed a club and have
rented a house at 21 Lausen for a
clubhouse.
A number of girls from Madrono
Hall have formed a club and have
rented a house at 21 Lausen for a
clubhouse.
A number of girls from Madrono
Hall have formed a club and have
rented a house at 21 Lausen for a
clubhouse.
A number of girls from Madrono
Hall have formed a club and have
rented a house at 21 Lausen for a
clubhouse.
