# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Lost —Open-face gold watch. Initials
R. E. R. 011 back, and $8 gold and
silver, near firehouse. Finder please
return to Y. M. C. A. headquarters.
Lost —Open-face gold watch. Initials
R. E. R. 011 back, and $8 gold and
silver, near firehouse. Finder please
return to Y. M. C. A. headquarters.
Lost —Open-face gold watch. Initials
R. E. R. 011 back, and $8 gold and
silver, near firehouse. Finder please
return to Y. M. C. A. headquarters.
Lost —Open-face gold watch. Initials
R. E. R. 011 back, and $8 gold and
silver, near firehouse. Finder please
return to Y. M. C. A. headquarters.
Lost —Open-face gold watch. Initials
R. E. R. 011 back, and $8 gold and
silver, near firehouse. Finder please
return to Y. M. C. A. headquarters.
Lost —Open-face gold watch. Initials
R. E. R. 011 back, and $8 gold and
silver, near firehouse. Finder please
return to Y. M. C. A. headquarters.
Lost —Open-face gold watch. Initials
R. E. R. 011 back, and $8 gold and
silver, near firehouse. Finder please
return to Y. M. C. A. headquarters.
Lost —Open-face gold watch. Initials
R. E. R. 011 back, and $8 gold and
silver, near firehouse. Finder please
return to Y. M. C. A. headquarters.
Lost —Open-face gold watch. Initials
R. E. R. 011 back, and $8 gold and
silver, near firehouse. Finder please
return to Y. M. C. A. headquarters.
Lost —Open-face gold watch. Initials
R. E. R. 011 back, and $8 gold and
silver, near firehouse. Finder please
return to Y. M. C. A. headquarters.
Lost —Open-face gold watch. Initials
R. E. R. 011 back, and $8 gold and
silver, near firehouse. Finder please
return to Y. M. C. A. headquarters.
