# LANDRY'S BAND AT NEW STANFORD
## 
### 
Beginning this afternoon, and con
tinuing for three more days, the New
Stanford Theatre will feature Art
Landry and his Band on its program.
This engagement is in line with the
policy announced at the opening of
the theatre that the management
would endeavor to secure new and
interesting features to accompany the
picture program whenever possible.
Landry's orchestra is famous
throughout the country for its Victor
Records, and a few months ago com
pleted a forty week engagement at the
best theatres in San Francisco. While
in Palo Alto several new compositions
will be introduced, and a complete
change of program will be made after
tomorrow night.

Princeton University upperclassmen
have decided to rigidly enforce fresh
man discipline in the future.

Automobiles are allowed on the
Princeton campus only at commence
ment time.
Beginning this afternoon, and con
tinuing for three more days, the New
Stanford Theatre will feature Art
Landry and his Band on its program.
This engagement is in line with the
policy announced at the opening of
the theatre that the management
would endeavor to secure new and
interesting features to accompany the
picture program whenever possible.
Landry's orchestra is famous
throughout the country for its Victor
Records, and a few months ago com
pleted a forty week engagement at the
best theatres in San Francisco. While
in Palo Alto several new compositions
will be introduced, and a complete
change of program will be made after
tomorrow night.

Princeton University upperclassmen
have decided to rigidly enforce fresh
man discipline in the future.

Automobiles are allowed on the
Princeton campus only at commence
ment time.
Beginning this afternoon, and con
tinuing for three more days, the New
Stanford Theatre will feature Art
Landry and his Band on its program.
This engagement is in line with the
policy announced at the opening of
the theatre that the management
would endeavor to secure new and
interesting features to accompany the
picture program whenever possible.
Landry's orchestra is famous
throughout the country for its Victor
Records, and a few months ago com
pleted a forty week engagement at the
best theatres in San Francisco. While
in Palo Alto several new compositions
will be introduced, and a complete
change of program will be made after
tomorrow night.

Princeton University upperclassmen
have decided to rigidly enforce fresh
man discipline in the future.

Automobiles are allowed on the
Princeton campus only at commence
ment time.
Beginning this afternoon, and con
tinuing for three more days, the New
Stanford Theatre will feature Art
Landry and his Band on its program.
This engagement is in line with the
policy announced at the opening of
the theatre that the management
would endeavor to secure new and
interesting features to accompany the
picture program whenever possible.
Landry's orchestra is famous
throughout the country for its Victor
Records, and a few months ago com
pleted a forty week engagement at the
best theatres in San Francisco. While
in Palo Alto several new compositions
will be introduced, and a complete
change of program will be made after
tomorrow night.

Princeton University upperclassmen
have decided to rigidly enforce fresh
man discipline in the future.

Automobiles are allowed on the
Princeton campus only at commence
ment time.
Beginning this afternoon, and con
tinuing for three more days, the New
Stanford Theatre will feature Art
Landry and his Band on its program.
This engagement is in line with the
policy announced at the opening of
the theatre that the management
would endeavor to secure new and
interesting features to accompany the
picture program whenever possible.
Landry's orchestra is famous
throughout the country for its Victor
Records, and a few months ago com
pleted a forty week engagement at the
best theatres in San Francisco. While
in Palo Alto several new compositions
will be introduced, and a complete
change of program will be made after
tomorrow night.

Princeton University upperclassmen
have decided to rigidly enforce fresh
man discipline in the future.

Automobiles are allowed on the
Princeton campus only at commence
ment time.
Beginning this afternoon, and con
tinuing for three more days, the New
Stanford Theatre will feature Art
Landry and his Band on its program.
This engagement is in line with the
policy announced at the opening of
the theatre that the management
would endeavor to secure new and
interesting features to accompany the
picture program whenever possible.
Landry's orchestra is famous
throughout the country for its Victor
Records, and a few months ago com
pleted a forty week engagement at the
best theatres in San Francisco. While
in Palo Alto several new compositions
will be introduced, and a complete
change of program will be made after
tomorrow night.

Princeton University upperclassmen
have decided to rigidly enforce fresh
man discipline in the future.

Automobiles are allowed on the
Princeton campus only at commence
ment time.
Beginning this afternoon, and con
tinuing for three more days, the New
Stanford Theatre will feature Art
Landry and his Band on its program.
This engagement is in line with the
policy announced at the opening of
the theatre that the management
would endeavor to secure new and
interesting features to accompany the
picture program whenever possible.
Landry's orchestra is famous
throughout the country for its Victor
Records, and a few months ago com
pleted a forty week engagement at the
best theatres in San Francisco. While
in Palo Alto several new compositions
will be introduced, and a complete
change of program will be made after
tomorrow night.

Princeton University upperclassmen
have decided to rigidly enforce fresh
man discipline in the future.

Automobiles are allowed on the
Princeton campus only at commence
ment time.
Beginning this afternoon, and con
tinuing for three more days, the New
Stanford Theatre will feature Art
Landry and his Band on its program.
This engagement is in line with the
policy announced at the opening of
the theatre that the management
would endeavor to secure new and
interesting features to accompany the
picture program whenever possible.
Landry's orchestra is famous
throughout the country for its Victor
Records, and a few months ago com
pleted a forty week engagement at the
best theatres in San Francisco. While
in Palo Alto several new compositions
will be introduced, and a complete
change of program will be made after
tomorrow night.

Princeton University upperclassmen
have decided to rigidly enforce fresh
man discipline in the future.

Automobiles are allowed on the
Princeton campus only at commence
ment time.
Beginning this afternoon, and con
tinuing for three more days, the New
Stanford Theatre will feature Art
Landry and his Band on its program.
This engagement is in line with the
policy announced at the opening of
the theatre that the management
would endeavor to secure new and
interesting features to accompany the
picture program whenever possible.
Landry's orchestra is famous
throughout the country for its Victor
Records, and a few months ago com
pleted a forty week engagement at the
best theatres in San Francisco. While
in Palo Alto several new compositions
will be introduced, and a complete
change of program will be made after
tomorrow night.

Princeton University upperclassmen
have decided to rigidly enforce fresh
man discipline in the future.

Automobiles are allowed on the
Princeton campus only at commence
ment time.
Beginning this afternoon, and con
tinuing for three more days, the New
Stanford Theatre will feature Art
Landry and his Band on its program.
This engagement is in line with the
policy announced at the opening of
the theatre that the management
would endeavor to secure new and
interesting features to accompany the
picture program whenever possible.
Landry's orchestra is famous
throughout the country for its Victor
Records, and a few months ago com
pleted a forty week engagement at the
best theatres in San Francisco. While
in Palo Alto several new compositions
will be introduced, and a complete
change of program will be made after
tomorrow night.

Princeton University upperclassmen
have decided to rigidly enforce fresh
man discipline in the future.

Automobiles are allowed on the
Princeton campus only at commence
ment time.
Beginning this afternoon, and con
tinuing for three more days, the New
Stanford Theatre will feature Art
Landry and his Band on its program.
This engagement is in line with the
policy announced at the opening of
the theatre that the management
would endeavor to secure new and
interesting features to accompany the
picture program whenever possible.
Landry's orchestra is famous
throughout the country for its Victor
Records, and a few months ago com
pleted a forty week engagement at the
best theatres in San Francisco. While
in Palo Alto several new compositions
will be introduced, and a complete
change of program will be made after
tomorrow night.

Princeton University upperclassmen
have decided to rigidly enforce fresh
man discipline in the future.

Automobiles are allowed on the
Princeton campus only at commence
ment time.
Beginning this afternoon, and con
tinuing for three more days, the New
Stanford Theatre will feature Art
Landry and his Band on its program.
This engagement is in line with the
policy announced at the opening of
the theatre that the management
would endeavor to secure new and
interesting features to accompany the
picture program whenever possible.
Landry's orchestra is famous
throughout the country for its Victor
Records, and a few months ago com
pleted a forty week engagement at the
best theatres in San Francisco. While
in Palo Alto several new compositions
will be introduced, and a complete
change of program will be made after
tomorrow night.

Princeton University upperclassmen
have decided to rigidly enforce fresh
man discipline in the future.

Automobiles are allowed on the
Princeton campus only at commence
ment time.
Beginning this afternoon, and con
tinuing for three more days, the New
Stanford Theatre will feature Art
Landry and his Band on its program.
This engagement is in line with the
policy announced at the opening of
the theatre that the management
would endeavor to secure new and
interesting features to accompany the
picture program whenever possible.
Landry's orchestra is famous
throughout the country for its Victor
Records, and a few months ago com
pleted a forty week engagement at the
best theatres in San Francisco. While
in Palo Alto several new compositions
will be introduced, and a complete
change of program will be made after
tomorrow night.

Princeton University upperclassmen
have decided to rigidly enforce fresh
man discipline in the future.

Automobiles are allowed on the
Princeton campus only at commence
ment time.
Beginning this afternoon, and con
tinuing for three more days, the New
Stanford Theatre will feature Art
Landry and his Band on its program.
This engagement is in line with the
policy announced at the opening of
the theatre that the management
would endeavor to secure new and
interesting features to accompany the
picture program whenever possible.
Landry's orchestra is famous
throughout the country for its Victor
Records, and a few months ago com
pleted a forty week engagement at the
best theatres in San Francisco. While
in Palo Alto several new compositions
will be introduced, and a complete
change of program will be made after
tomorrow night.

Princeton University upperclassmen
have decided to rigidly enforce fresh
man discipline in the future.

Automobiles are allowed on the
Princeton campus only at commence
ment time.
Beginning this afternoon, and con
tinuing for three more days, the New
Stanford Theatre will feature Art
Landry and his Band on its program.
This engagement is in line with the
policy announced at the opening of
the theatre that the management
would endeavor to secure new and
interesting features to accompany the
picture program whenever possible.
Landry's orchestra is famous
throughout the country for its Victor
Records, and a few months ago com
pleted a forty week engagement at the
best theatres in San Francisco. While
in Palo Alto several new compositions
will be introduced, and a complete
change of program will be made after
tomorrow night.

Princeton University upperclassmen
have decided to rigidly enforce fresh
man discipline in the future.

Automobiles are allowed on the
Princeton campus only at commence
ment time.
