# DAWES' CO-WORKER ON STANFORD BOARD
## 
### 
Henry M. Robinson, of Los Angeles,
banker and capitalist, has recently
been appointed to the Stanford Na
tional Board to take the place of Wal
lace M. Alexander, who was made a
member of the Board of Trustees of
the University.
Robinson was one of the co-framers
of the famous "Dawes Plan," which
worked out a plan for reparations to
be paid by Germany to the Allies. He

has also been a member of the United
States Shipping Board, and a delegate
to the Peace Conference in Paris in
1919.
Henry M. Robinson, of Los Angeles,
banker and capitalist, has recently
been appointed to the Stanford Na
tional Board to take the place of Wal
lace M. Alexander, who was made a
member of the Board of Trustees of
the University.
Robinson was one of the co-framers
of the famous "Dawes Plan," which
worked out a plan for reparations to
be paid by Germany to the Allies. He

has also been a member of the United
States Shipping Board, and a delegate
to the Peace Conference in Paris in
1919.
Henry M. Robinson, of Los Angeles,
banker and capitalist, has recently
been appointed to the Stanford Na
tional Board to take the place of Wal
lace M. Alexander, who was made a
member of the Board of Trustees of
the University.
Robinson was one of the co-framers
of the famous "Dawes Plan," which
worked out a plan for reparations to
be paid by Germany to the Allies. He

has also been a member of the United
States Shipping Board, and a delegate
to the Peace Conference in Paris in
1919.
Henry M. Robinson, of Los Angeles,
banker and capitalist, has recently
been appointed to the Stanford Na
tional Board to take the place of Wal
lace M. Alexander, who was made a
member of the Board of Trustees of
the University.
Robinson was one of the co-framers
of the famous "Dawes Plan," which
worked out a plan for reparations to
be paid by Germany to the Allies. He

has also been a member of the United
States Shipping Board, and a delegate
to the Peace Conference in Paris in
1919.
Henry M. Robinson, of Los Angeles,
banker and capitalist, has recently
been appointed to the Stanford Na
tional Board to take the place of Wal
lace M. Alexander, who was made a
member of the Board of Trustees of
the University.
Robinson was one of the co-framers
of the famous "Dawes Plan," which
worked out a plan for reparations to
be paid by Germany to the Allies. He

has also been a member of the United
States Shipping Board, and a delegate
to the Peace Conference in Paris in
1919.
Henry M. Robinson, of Los Angeles,
banker and capitalist, has recently
been appointed to the Stanford Na
tional Board to take the place of Wal
lace M. Alexander, who was made a
member of the Board of Trustees of
the University.
Robinson was one of the co-framers
of the famous "Dawes Plan," which
worked out a plan for reparations to
be paid by Germany to the Allies. He

has also been a member of the United
States Shipping Board, and a delegate
to the Peace Conference in Paris in
1919.
Henry M. Robinson, of Los Angeles,
banker and capitalist, has recently
been appointed to the Stanford Na
tional Board to take the place of Wal
lace M. Alexander, who was made a
member of the Board of Trustees of
the University.
Robinson was one of the co-framers
of the famous "Dawes Plan," which
worked out a plan for reparations to
be paid by Germany to the Allies. He

has also been a member of the United
States Shipping Board, and a delegate
to the Peace Conference in Paris in
1919.
Henry M. Robinson, of Los Angeles,
banker and capitalist, has recently
been appointed to the Stanford Na
tional Board to take the place of Wal
lace M. Alexander, who was made a
member of the Board of Trustees of
the University.
Robinson was one of the co-framers
of the famous "Dawes Plan," which
worked out a plan for reparations to
be paid by Germany to the Allies. He

has also been a member of the United
States Shipping Board, and a delegate
to the Peace Conference in Paris in
1919.
Henry M. Robinson, of Los Angeles,
banker and capitalist, has recently
been appointed to the Stanford Na
tional Board to take the place of Wal
lace M. Alexander, who was made a
member of the Board of Trustees of
the University.
Robinson was one of the co-framers
of the famous "Dawes Plan," which
worked out a plan for reparations to
be paid by Germany to the Allies. He

has also been a member of the United
States Shipping Board, and a delegate
to the Peace Conference in Paris in
1919.
Henry M. Robinson, of Los Angeles,
banker and capitalist, has recently
been appointed to the Stanford Na
tional Board to take the place of Wal
lace M. Alexander, who was made a
member of the Board of Trustees of
the University.
Robinson was one of the co-framers
of the famous "Dawes Plan," which
worked out a plan for reparations to
be paid by Germany to the Allies. He

has also been a member of the United
States Shipping Board, and a delegate
to the Peace Conference in Paris in
1919.
Henry M. Robinson, of Los Angeles,
banker and capitalist, has recently
been appointed to the Stanford Na
tional Board to take the place of Wal
lace M. Alexander, who was made a
member of the Board of Trustees of
the University.
Robinson was one of the co-framers
of the famous "Dawes Plan," which
worked out a plan for reparations to
be paid by Germany to the Allies. He

has also been a member of the United
States Shipping Board, and a delegate
to the Peace Conference in Paris in
1919.
Henry M. Robinson, of Los Angeles,
banker and capitalist, has recently
been appointed to the Stanford Na
tional Board to take the place of Wal
lace M. Alexander, who was made a
member of the Board of Trustees of
the University.
Robinson was one of the co-framers
of the famous "Dawes Plan," which
worked out a plan for reparations to
be paid by Germany to the Allies. He

has also been a member of the United
States Shipping Board, and a delegate
to the Peace Conference in Paris in
1919.
Henry M. Robinson, of Los Angeles,
banker and capitalist, has recently
been appointed to the Stanford Na
tional Board to take the place of Wal
lace M. Alexander, who was made a
member of the Board of Trustees of
the University.
Robinson was one of the co-framers
of the famous "Dawes Plan," which
worked out a plan for reparations to
be paid by Germany to the Allies. He

has also been a member of the United
States Shipping Board, and a delegate
to the Peace Conference in Paris in
1919.
Henry M. Robinson, of Los Angeles,
banker and capitalist, has recently
been appointed to the Stanford Na
tional Board to take the place of Wal
lace M. Alexander, who was made a
member of the Board of Trustees of
the University.
Robinson was one of the co-framers
of the famous "Dawes Plan," which
worked out a plan for reparations to
be paid by Germany to the Allies. He

has also been a member of the United
States Shipping Board, and a delegate
to the Peace Conference in Paris in
1919.
Henry M. Robinson, of Los Angeles,
banker and capitalist, has recently
been appointed to the Stanford Na
tional Board to take the place of Wal
lace M. Alexander, who was made a
member of the Board of Trustees of
the University.
Robinson was one of the co-framers
of the famous "Dawes Plan," which
worked out a plan for reparations to
be paid by Germany to the Allies. He

has also been a member of the United
States Shipping Board, and a delegate
to the Peace Conference in Paris in
1919.
