# Results of Doubles Tournament.
## 
### 
In the doubles tournament which
was started yesterday the results
were as follows: F. Leib and It.
Leib beat Swinerton and Guyer
6-2, 6-4. Hodge and Baker beat
Hooper and Cassell 6-1, 6-0. The
tournament was continued today,
and in the first match this after
noon Hodge and Baker beat Brad
ley and Burr 6-1,6-0. This leaves
the final doubles match between
Hodge and Baker and K. Leib and
R. Leib. This match will be played
this afternoon and the winning
team will represent Stanford in
the intercollegiate contest next
Saturday.
The round-robin tournament be
tween Baker, Hodge, and Hooper
was begun today. In the first
match played Baker beat Hooper
6-2, 6-3.
