# Candidates for Rhodes Scholarship.
## 
### 
Seven California men have an
nounced their intention of taking
the preliminary examinations for
the Rhodes scholarship which will
be held at the State University on
next Wednesday and Thursday.
The candidates are Monroe E.
Deutsch, '02; Beverly S. Allen, a
graduate student in the College of
Letters; Henry B. Dewing,'o3, now
a teacher in the Berkeley High
School; William J. Musgrove, '05;
William C. Crittenden, '05; and F.
P. Griffith, '06. The three grad
uates are all members of Phi Beta
Kappa.
Seven California men have an
nounced their intention of taking
the preliminary examinations for
the Rhodes scholarship which will
be held at the State University on
next Wednesday and Thursday.
The candidates are Monroe E.
Deutsch, '02; Beverly S. Allen, a
graduate student in the College of
Letters; Henry B. Dewing,'o3, now
a teacher in the Berkeley High
School; William J. Musgrove, '05;
William C. Crittenden, '05; and F.
P. Griffith, '06. The three grad
uates are all members of Phi Beta
Kappa.
Seven California men have an
nounced their intention of taking
the preliminary examinations for
the Rhodes scholarship which will
be held at the State University on
next Wednesday and Thursday.
The candidates are Monroe E.
Deutsch, '02; Beverly S. Allen, a
graduate student in the College of
Letters; Henry B. Dewing,'o3, now
a teacher in the Berkeley High
School; William J. Musgrove, '05;
William C. Crittenden, '05; and F.
P. Griffith, '06. The three grad
uates are all members of Phi Beta
Kappa.
Seven California men have an
nounced their intention of taking
the preliminary examinations for
the Rhodes scholarship which will
be held at the State University on
next Wednesday and Thursday.
The candidates are Monroe E.
Deutsch, '02; Beverly S. Allen, a
graduate student in the College of
Letters; Henry B. Dewing,'o3, now
a teacher in the Berkeley High
School; William J. Musgrove, '05;
William C. Crittenden, '05; and F.
P. Griffith, '06. The three grad
uates are all members of Phi Beta
Kappa.
Seven California men have an
nounced their intention of taking
the preliminary examinations for
the Rhodes scholarship which will
be held at the State University on
next Wednesday and Thursday.
The candidates are Monroe E.
Deutsch, '02; Beverly S. Allen, a
graduate student in the College of
Letters; Henry B. Dewing,'o3, now
a teacher in the Berkeley High
School; William J. Musgrove, '05;
William C. Crittenden, '05; and F.
P. Griffith, '06. The three grad
uates are all members of Phi Beta
Kappa.
Seven California men have an
nounced their intention of taking
the preliminary examinations for
the Rhodes scholarship which will
be held at the State University on
next Wednesday and Thursday.
The candidates are Monroe E.
Deutsch, '02; Beverly S. Allen, a
graduate student in the College of
Letters; Henry B. Dewing,'o3, now
a teacher in the Berkeley High
School; William J. Musgrove, '05;
William C. Crittenden, '05; and F.
P. Griffith, '06. The three grad
uates are all members of Phi Beta
Kappa.
Seven California men have an
nounced their intention of taking
the preliminary examinations for
the Rhodes scholarship which will
be held at the State University on
next Wednesday and Thursday.
The candidates are Monroe E.
Deutsch, '02; Beverly S. Allen, a
graduate student in the College of
Letters; Henry B. Dewing,'o3, now
a teacher in the Berkeley High
School; William J. Musgrove, '05;
William C. Crittenden, '05; and F.
P. Griffith, '06. The three grad
uates are all members of Phi Beta
Kappa.
Seven California men have an
nounced their intention of taking
the preliminary examinations for
the Rhodes scholarship which will
be held at the State University on
next Wednesday and Thursday.
The candidates are Monroe E.
Deutsch, '02; Beverly S. Allen, a
graduate student in the College of
Letters; Henry B. Dewing,'o3, now
a teacher in the Berkeley High
School; William J. Musgrove, '05;
William C. Crittenden, '05; and F.
P. Griffith, '06. The three grad
uates are all members of Phi Beta
Kappa.
