# Pasmore Concert Postponed.
## 
### 
Owing to the rainy weather the
Pasmore concert which was to have
taken place tonight in Assembly
Hall has been indefinitely post
poned. Money for seats will be re
funded at, the Hookstore and the
Stanford Pharmacy.
Owing to the rainy weather the
Pasmore concert which was to have
taken place tonight in Assembly
Hall has been indefinitely post
poned. Money for seats will be re
funded at, the Hookstore and the
Stanford Pharmacy.
Owing to the rainy weather the
Pasmore concert which was to have
taken place tonight in Assembly
Hall has been indefinitely post
poned. Money for seats will be re
funded at, the Hookstore and the
Stanford Pharmacy.
Owing to the rainy weather the
Pasmore concert which was to have
taken place tonight in Assembly
Hall has been indefinitely post
poned. Money for seats will be re
funded at, the Hookstore and the
Stanford Pharmacy.
Owing to the rainy weather the
Pasmore concert which was to have
taken place tonight in Assembly
Hall has been indefinitely post
poned. Money for seats will be re
funded at, the Hookstore and the
Stanford Pharmacy.
Owing to the rainy weather the
Pasmore concert which was to have
taken place tonight in Assembly
Hall has been indefinitely post
poned. Money for seats will be re
funded at, the Hookstore and the
Stanford Pharmacy.
Owing to the rainy weather the
Pasmore concert which was to have
taken place tonight in Assembly
Hall has been indefinitely post
poned. Money for seats will be re
funded at, the Hookstore and the
Stanford Pharmacy.
Owing to the rainy weather the
Pasmore concert which was to have
taken place tonight in Assembly
Hall has been indefinitely post
poned. Money for seats will be re
funded at, the Hookstore and the
Stanford Pharmacy.
