# Quads.
## 
### 
—\V. J. Dunstan, '97, lias located
in Palo Alto, where he will repre
sent an Eastern life insurance com
pany.
—Six large Btone vases to be
placed on the coping in front of
Memorial Arch have arrived and
will be putin place soon.
—Magee, ex-'O6, who played right
end on last year's Varsity, has re
entered Santa Clara College. He
played the first half in the game
yesterday with the California
fresh men.
—\V. J. Dunstan, '97, lias located
in Palo Alto, where he will repre
sent an Eastern life insurance com
pany.
—Six large Btone vases to be
placed on the coping in front of
Memorial Arch have arrived and
will be putin place soon.
—Magee, ex-'O6, who played right
end on last year's Varsity, has re
entered Santa Clara College. He
played the first half in the game
yesterday with the California
fresh men.
—\V. J. Dunstan, '97, lias located
in Palo Alto, where he will repre
sent an Eastern life insurance com
pany.
—Six large Btone vases to be
placed on the coping in front of
Memorial Arch have arrived and
will be putin place soon.
—Magee, ex-'O6, who played right
end on last year's Varsity, has re
entered Santa Clara College. He
played the first half in the game
yesterday with the California
fresh men.
—\V. J. Dunstan, '97, lias located
in Palo Alto, where he will repre
sent an Eastern life insurance com
pany.
—Six large Btone vases to be
placed on the coping in front of
Memorial Arch have arrived and
will be putin place soon.
—Magee, ex-'O6, who played right
end on last year's Varsity, has re
entered Santa Clara College. He
played the first half in the game
yesterday with the California
fresh men.
—\V. J. Dunstan, '97, lias located
in Palo Alto, where he will repre
sent an Eastern life insurance com
pany.
—Six large Btone vases to be
placed on the coping in front of
Memorial Arch have arrived and
will be putin place soon.
—Magee, ex-'O6, who played right
end on last year's Varsity, has re
entered Santa Clara College. He
played the first half in the game
yesterday with the California
fresh men.
—\V. J. Dunstan, '97, lias located
in Palo Alto, where he will repre
sent an Eastern life insurance com
pany.
—Six large Btone vases to be
placed on the coping in front of
Memorial Arch have arrived and
will be putin place soon.
—Magee, ex-'O6, who played right
end on last year's Varsity, has re
entered Santa Clara College. He
played the first half in the game
yesterday with the California
fresh men.
—\V. J. Dunstan, '97, lias located
in Palo Alto, where he will repre
sent an Eastern life insurance com
pany.
—Six large Btone vases to be
placed on the coping in front of
Memorial Arch have arrived and
will be putin place soon.
—Magee, ex-'O6, who played right
end on last year's Varsity, has re
entered Santa Clara College. He
played the first half in the game
yesterday with the California
fresh men.
—\V. J. Dunstan, '97, lias located
in Palo Alto, where he will repre
sent an Eastern life insurance com
pany.
—Six large Btone vases to be
placed on the coping in front of
Memorial Arch have arrived and
will be putin place soon.
—Magee, ex-'O6, who played right
end on last year's Varsity, has re
entered Santa Clara College. He
played the first half in the game
yesterday with the California
fresh men.
