# Untitled Article
## 
### 

The weekly "Sergeant's Quiz" at Camp Kohler, Calif., is to test the
now ledge the boys have required during their basic training. Tech
meal Sergeant Fred Friendly, at the mike, is 'commanding a trainee to
show the proper way to brush teeth.

The weekly "Sergeant's Quiz" at Camp Kohler, Calif., is to test the
now ledge the boys have required during their basic training. Tech
meal Sergeant Fred Friendly, at the mike, is 'commanding a trainee to
show the proper way to brush teeth.

The weekly "Sergeant's Quiz" at Camp Kohler, Calif., is to test the
now ledge the boys have required during their basic training. Tech
meal Sergeant Fred Friendly, at the mike, is 'commanding a trainee to
show the proper way to brush teeth.

The weekly "Sergeant's Quiz" at Camp Kohler, Calif., is to test the
now ledge the boys have required during their basic training. Tech
meal Sergeant Fred Friendly, at the mike, is 'commanding a trainee to
show the proper way to brush teeth.

The weekly "Sergeant's Quiz" at Camp Kohler, Calif., is to test the
now ledge the boys have required during their basic training. Tech
meal Sergeant Fred Friendly, at the mike, is 'commanding a trainee to
show the proper way to brush teeth.

The weekly "Sergeant's Quiz" at Camp Kohler, Calif., is to test the
now ledge the boys have required during their basic training. Tech
meal Sergeant Fred Friendly, at the mike, is 'commanding a trainee to
show the proper way to brush teeth.

The weekly "Sergeant's Quiz" at Camp Kohler, Calif., is to test the
now ledge the boys have required during their basic training. Tech
meal Sergeant Fred Friendly, at the mike, is 'commanding a trainee to
show the proper way to brush teeth.

The weekly "Sergeant's Quiz" at Camp Kohler, Calif., is to test the
now ledge the boys have required during their basic training. Tech
meal Sergeant Fred Friendly, at the mike, is 'commanding a trainee to
show the proper way to brush teeth.

The weekly "Sergeant's Quiz" at Camp Kohler, Calif., is to test the
now ledge the boys have required during their basic training. Tech
meal Sergeant Fred Friendly, at the mike, is 'commanding a trainee to
show the proper way to brush teeth.

The weekly "Sergeant's Quiz" at Camp Kohler, Calif., is to test the
now ledge the boys have required during their basic training. Tech
meal Sergeant Fred Friendly, at the mike, is 'commanding a trainee to
show the proper way to brush teeth.

The weekly "Sergeant's Quiz" at Camp Kohler, Calif., is to test the
now ledge the boys have required during their basic training. Tech
meal Sergeant Fred Friendly, at the mike, is 'commanding a trainee to
show the proper way to brush teeth.

The weekly "Sergeant's Quiz" at Camp Kohler, Calif., is to test the
now ledge the boys have required during their basic training. Tech
meal Sergeant Fred Friendly, at the mike, is 'commanding a trainee to
show the proper way to brush teeth.

The weekly "Sergeant's Quiz" at Camp Kohler, Calif., is to test the
now ledge the boys have required during their basic training. Tech
meal Sergeant Fred Friendly, at the mike, is 'commanding a trainee to
show the proper way to brush teeth.

The weekly "Sergeant's Quiz" at Camp Kohler, Calif., is to test the
now ledge the boys have required during their basic training. Tech
meal Sergeant Fred Friendly, at the mike, is 'commanding a trainee to
show the proper way to brush teeth.

The weekly "Sergeant's Quiz" at Camp Kohler, Calif., is to test the
now ledge the boys have required during their basic training. Tech
meal Sergeant Fred Friendly, at the mike, is 'commanding a trainee to
show the proper way to brush teeth.

The weekly "Sergeant's Quiz" at Camp Kohler, Calif., is to test the
now ledge the boys have required during their basic training. Tech
meal Sergeant Fred Friendly, at the mike, is 'commanding a trainee to
show the proper way to brush teeth.
