# MILUTIN KRUNICH LECTURE IN LITTLE THEATRE TONIGHT
## 
### 
Lieutenant Milutin Krunich, late of
the Serbian army and now an in
structor at University of California,
will give an illustrated lecture on
"Serbia and Her People " at 7:30 to
night, in the Little Theater.
Although he was wounded twice, be
fore, Lieutenant Krunich was in both
the battle of Belgrade and the famous
retreat through Albania. Soon after
the terrible hardships of the latter,
he was a victim of typhoid fever, and
was sent to an African hospital on
the last ship that left the Asiatic
shore. He wa late" sent to Paris,
where he was discharged.
The University of California appoint
ed him as an instructor of Slavic
languages soon after his arrival in
this country. He will take charge of
a new course in Serbian history there
next semester.
Lieutenant Milutin Krunich, late of
the Serbian army and now an in
structor at University of California,
will give an illustrated lecture on
"Serbia and Her People " at 7:30 to
night, in the Little Theater.
Although he was wounded twice, be
fore, Lieutenant Krunich was in both
the battle of Belgrade and the famous
retreat through Albania. Soon after
the terrible hardships of the latter,
he was a victim of typhoid fever, and
was sent to an African hospital on
the last ship that left the Asiatic
shore. He wa late" sent to Paris,
where he was discharged.
The University of California appoint
ed him as an instructor of Slavic
languages soon after his arrival in
this country. He will take charge of
a new course in Serbian history there
next semester.
Lieutenant Milutin Krunich, late of
the Serbian army and now an in
structor at University of California,
will give an illustrated lecture on
"Serbia and Her People " at 7:30 to
night, in the Little Theater.
Although he was wounded twice, be
fore, Lieutenant Krunich was in both
the battle of Belgrade and the famous
retreat through Albania. Soon after
the terrible hardships of the latter,
he was a victim of typhoid fever, and
was sent to an African hospital on
the last ship that left the Asiatic
shore. He wa late" sent to Paris,
where he was discharged.
The University of California appoint
ed him as an instructor of Slavic
languages soon after his arrival in
this country. He will take charge of
a new course in Serbian history there
next semester.
Lieutenant Milutin Krunich, late of
the Serbian army and now an in
structor at University of California,
will give an illustrated lecture on
"Serbia and Her People " at 7:30 to
night, in the Little Theater.
Although he was wounded twice, be
fore, Lieutenant Krunich was in both
the battle of Belgrade and the famous
retreat through Albania. Soon after
the terrible hardships of the latter,
he was a victim of typhoid fever, and
was sent to an African hospital on
the last ship that left the Asiatic
shore. He wa late" sent to Paris,
where he was discharged.
The University of California appoint
ed him as an instructor of Slavic
languages soon after his arrival in
this country. He will take charge of
a new course in Serbian history there
next semester.
Lieutenant Milutin Krunich, late of
the Serbian army and now an in
structor at University of California,
will give an illustrated lecture on
"Serbia and Her People " at 7:30 to
night, in the Little Theater.
Although he was wounded twice, be
fore, Lieutenant Krunich was in both
the battle of Belgrade and the famous
retreat through Albania. Soon after
the terrible hardships of the latter,
he was a victim of typhoid fever, and
was sent to an African hospital on
the last ship that left the Asiatic
shore. He wa late" sent to Paris,
where he was discharged.
The University of California appoint
ed him as an instructor of Slavic
languages soon after his arrival in
this country. He will take charge of
a new course in Serbian history there
next semester.
Lieutenant Milutin Krunich, late of
the Serbian army and now an in
structor at University of California,
will give an illustrated lecture on
"Serbia and Her People " at 7:30 to
night, in the Little Theater.
Although he was wounded twice, be
fore, Lieutenant Krunich was in both
the battle of Belgrade and the famous
retreat through Albania. Soon after
the terrible hardships of the latter,
he was a victim of typhoid fever, and
was sent to an African hospital on
the last ship that left the Asiatic
shore. He wa late" sent to Paris,
where he was discharged.
The University of California appoint
ed him as an instructor of Slavic
languages soon after his arrival in
this country. He will take charge of
a new course in Serbian history there
next semester.
Lieutenant Milutin Krunich, late of
the Serbian army and now an in
structor at University of California,
will give an illustrated lecture on
"Serbia and Her People " at 7:30 to
night, in the Little Theater.
Although he was wounded twice, be
fore, Lieutenant Krunich was in both
the battle of Belgrade and the famous
retreat through Albania. Soon after
the terrible hardships of the latter,
he was a victim of typhoid fever, and
was sent to an African hospital on
the last ship that left the Asiatic
shore. He wa late" sent to Paris,
where he was discharged.
The University of California appoint
ed him as an instructor of Slavic
languages soon after his arrival in
this country. He will take charge of
a new course in Serbian history there
next semester.
Lieutenant Milutin Krunich, late of
the Serbian army and now an in
structor at University of California,
will give an illustrated lecture on
"Serbia and Her People " at 7:30 to
night, in the Little Theater.
Although he was wounded twice, be
fore, Lieutenant Krunich was in both
the battle of Belgrade and the famous
retreat through Albania. Soon after
the terrible hardships of the latter,
he was a victim of typhoid fever, and
was sent to an African hospital on
the last ship that left the Asiatic
shore. He wa late" sent to Paris,
where he was discharged.
The University of California appoint
ed him as an instructor of Slavic
languages soon after his arrival in
this country. He will take charge of
a new course in Serbian history there
next semester.
Lieutenant Milutin Krunich, late of
the Serbian army and now an in
structor at University of California,
will give an illustrated lecture on
"Serbia and Her People " at 7:30 to
night, in the Little Theater.
Although he was wounded twice, be
fore, Lieutenant Krunich was in both
the battle of Belgrade and the famous
retreat through Albania. Soon after
the terrible hardships of the latter,
he was a victim of typhoid fever, and
was sent to an African hospital on
the last ship that left the Asiatic
shore. He wa late" sent to Paris,
where he was discharged.
The University of California appoint
ed him as an instructor of Slavic
languages soon after his arrival in
this country. He will take charge of
a new course in Serbian history there
next semester.
Lieutenant Milutin Krunich, late of
the Serbian army and now an in
structor at University of California,
will give an illustrated lecture on
"Serbia and Her People " at 7:30 to
night, in the Little Theater.
Although he was wounded twice, be
fore, Lieutenant Krunich was in both
the battle of Belgrade and the famous
retreat through Albania. Soon after
the terrible hardships of the latter,
he was a victim of typhoid fever, and
was sent to an African hospital on
the last ship that left the Asiatic
shore. He wa late" sent to Paris,
where he was discharged.
The University of California appoint
ed him as an instructor of Slavic
languages soon after his arrival in
this country. He will take charge of
a new course in Serbian history there
next semester.
Lieutenant Milutin Krunich, late of
the Serbian army and now an in
structor at University of California,
will give an illustrated lecture on
"Serbia and Her People " at 7:30 to
night, in the Little Theater.
Although he was wounded twice, be
fore, Lieutenant Krunich was in both
the battle of Belgrade and the famous
retreat through Albania. Soon after
the terrible hardships of the latter,
he was a victim of typhoid fever, and
was sent to an African hospital on
the last ship that left the Asiatic
shore. He wa late" sent to Paris,
where he was discharged.
The University of California appoint
ed him as an instructor of Slavic
languages soon after his arrival in
this country. He will take charge of
a new course in Serbian history there
next semester.
Lieutenant Milutin Krunich, late of
the Serbian army and now an in
structor at University of California,
will give an illustrated lecture on
"Serbia and Her People " at 7:30 to
night, in the Little Theater.
Although he was wounded twice, be
fore, Lieutenant Krunich was in both
the battle of Belgrade and the famous
retreat through Albania. Soon after
the terrible hardships of the latter,
he was a victim of typhoid fever, and
was sent to an African hospital on
the last ship that left the Asiatic
shore. He wa late" sent to Paris,
where he was discharged.
The University of California appoint
ed him as an instructor of Slavic
languages soon after his arrival in
this country. He will take charge of
a new course in Serbian history there
next semester.
Lieutenant Milutin Krunich, late of
the Serbian army and now an in
structor at University of California,
will give an illustrated lecture on
"Serbia and Her People " at 7:30 to
night, in the Little Theater.
Although he was wounded twice, be
fore, Lieutenant Krunich was in both
the battle of Belgrade and the famous
retreat through Albania. Soon after
the terrible hardships of the latter,
he was a victim of typhoid fever, and
was sent to an African hospital on
the last ship that left the Asiatic
shore. He wa late" sent to Paris,
where he was discharged.
The University of California appoint
ed him as an instructor of Slavic
languages soon after his arrival in
this country. He will take charge of
a new course in Serbian history there
next semester.
Lieutenant Milutin Krunich, late of
the Serbian army and now an in
structor at University of California,
will give an illustrated lecture on
"Serbia and Her People " at 7:30 to
night, in the Little Theater.
Although he was wounded twice, be
fore, Lieutenant Krunich was in both
the battle of Belgrade and the famous
retreat through Albania. Soon after
the terrible hardships of the latter,
he was a victim of typhoid fever, and
was sent to an African hospital on
the last ship that left the Asiatic
shore. He wa late" sent to Paris,
where he was discharged.
The University of California appoint
ed him as an instructor of Slavic
languages soon after his arrival in
this country. He will take charge of
a new course in Serbian history there
next semester.
Lieutenant Milutin Krunich, late of
the Serbian army and now an in
structor at University of California,
will give an illustrated lecture on
"Serbia and Her People " at 7:30 to
night, in the Little Theater.
Although he was wounded twice, be
fore, Lieutenant Krunich was in both
the battle of Belgrade and the famous
retreat through Albania. Soon after
the terrible hardships of the latter,
he was a victim of typhoid fever, and
was sent to an African hospital on
the last ship that left the Asiatic
shore. He wa late" sent to Paris,
where he was discharged.
The University of California appoint
ed him as an instructor of Slavic
languages soon after his arrival in
this country. He will take charge of
a new course in Serbian history there
next semester.
Lieutenant Milutin Krunich, late of
the Serbian army and now an in
structor at University of California,
will give an illustrated lecture on
"Serbia and Her People " at 7:30 to
night, in the Little Theater.
Although he was wounded twice, be
fore, Lieutenant Krunich was in both
the battle of Belgrade and the famous
retreat through Albania. Soon after
the terrible hardships of the latter,
he was a victim of typhoid fever, and
was sent to an African hospital on
the last ship that left the Asiatic
shore. He wa late" sent to Paris,
where he was discharged.
The University of California appoint
ed him as an instructor of Slavic
languages soon after his arrival in
this country. He will take charge of
a new course in Serbian history there
next semester.
