# Gretchen Uhl, '17, Marries
## 
### 
The marriage of Miss Gretclin Uhl,
'17, to Mr Harry Booth, took place
in Monrovia, on November 10. Miss
Uhl is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority and also Phi Beta Kappa.
The marriage of Miss Gretclin Uhl,
'17, to Mr Harry Booth, took place
in Monrovia, on November 10. Miss
Uhl is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority and also Phi Beta Kappa.
The marriage of Miss Gretclin Uhl,
'17, to Mr Harry Booth, took place
in Monrovia, on November 10. Miss
Uhl is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority and also Phi Beta Kappa.
The marriage of Miss Gretclin Uhl,
'17, to Mr Harry Booth, took place
in Monrovia, on November 10. Miss
Uhl is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority and also Phi Beta Kappa.
The marriage of Miss Gretclin Uhl,
'17, to Mr Harry Booth, took place
in Monrovia, on November 10. Miss
Uhl is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority and also Phi Beta Kappa.
The marriage of Miss Gretclin Uhl,
'17, to Mr Harry Booth, took place
in Monrovia, on November 10. Miss
Uhl is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority and also Phi Beta Kappa.
The marriage of Miss Gretclin Uhl,
'17, to Mr Harry Booth, took place
in Monrovia, on November 10. Miss
Uhl is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority and also Phi Beta Kappa.
The marriage of Miss Gretclin Uhl,
'17, to Mr Harry Booth, took place
in Monrovia, on November 10. Miss
Uhl is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority and also Phi Beta Kappa.
The marriage of Miss Gretclin Uhl,
'17, to Mr Harry Booth, took place
in Monrovia, on November 10. Miss
Uhl is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority and also Phi Beta Kappa.
The marriage of Miss Gretclin Uhl,
'17, to Mr Harry Booth, took place
in Monrovia, on November 10. Miss
Uhl is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority and also Phi Beta Kappa.
The marriage of Miss Gretclin Uhl,
'17, to Mr Harry Booth, took place
in Monrovia, on November 10. Miss
Uhl is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority and also Phi Beta Kappa.
The marriage of Miss Gretclin Uhl,
'17, to Mr Harry Booth, took place
in Monrovia, on November 10. Miss
Uhl is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority and also Phi Beta Kappa.
The marriage of Miss Gretclin Uhl,
'17, to Mr Harry Booth, took place
in Monrovia, on November 10. Miss
Uhl is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority and also Phi Beta Kappa.
The marriage of Miss Gretclin Uhl,
'17, to Mr Harry Booth, took place
in Monrovia, on November 10. Miss
Uhl is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority and also Phi Beta Kappa.
The marriage of Miss Gretclin Uhl,
'17, to Mr Harry Booth, took place
in Monrovia, on November 10. Miss
Uhl is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority and also Phi Beta Kappa.
The marriage of Miss Gretclin Uhl,
'17, to Mr Harry Booth, took place
in Monrovia, on November 10. Miss
Uhl is a member of Delta Delta Delta
sorority and also Phi Beta Kappa.
