# Adv. 22 Page 4
## 
### 
WE'LL RISK IT
It could get monotonous,
our mentioning so often
that we're selling 78 rpm
classical sets at
40% off.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
WE'LL RISK IT
It could get monotonous,
our mentioning so often
that we're selling 78 rpm
classical sets at
40% off.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
WE'LL RISK IT
It could get monotonous,
our mentioning so often
that we're selling 78 rpm
classical sets at
40% off.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
WE'LL RISK IT
It could get monotonous,
our mentioning so often
that we're selling 78 rpm
classical sets at
40% off.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
WE'LL RISK IT
It could get monotonous,
our mentioning so often
that we're selling 78 rpm
classical sets at
40% off.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
WE'LL RISK IT
It could get monotonous,
our mentioning so often
that we're selling 78 rpm
classical sets at
40% off.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
WE'LL RISK IT
It could get monotonous,
our mentioning so often
that we're selling 78 rpm
classical sets at
40% off.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
WE'LL RISK IT
It could get monotonous,
our mentioning so often
that we're selling 78 rpm
classical sets at
40% off.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
WE'LL RISK IT
It could get monotonous,
our mentioning so often
that we're selling 78 rpm
classical sets at
40% off.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
WE'LL RISK IT
It could get monotonous,
our mentioning so often
that we're selling 78 rpm
classical sets at
40% off.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
WE'LL RISK IT
It could get monotonous,
our mentioning so often
that we're selling 78 rpm
classical sets at
40% off.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
WE'LL RISK IT
It could get monotonous,
our mentioning so often
that we're selling 78 rpm
classical sets at
40% off.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
WE'LL RISK IT
It could get monotonous,
our mentioning so often
that we're selling 78 rpm
classical sets at
40% off.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
WE'LL RISK IT
It could get monotonous,
our mentioning so often
that we're selling 78 rpm
classical sets at
40% off.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
WE'LL RISK IT
It could get monotonous,
our mentioning so often
that we're selling 78 rpm
classical sets at
40% off.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
WE'LL RISK IT
It could get monotonous,
our mentioning so often
that we're selling 78 rpm
classical sets at
40% off.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
