# 'UN' Tryoutees Meet Tomorrow
## 
### 
Tryoutees for a place on Stan
ford's delegation to the Model
United Nations to be held this
at USC will meet tomor
row at 10:30 in the lIR shack.
Ted Collier, chairman of the del
egation. said the meeting would
he important and urged all ap
plicants to attend.
This year Stanford will repre
sent the United States at the
Model Assembly.
Tryoutees for a place on Stan
ford's delegation to the Model
United Nations to be held this
at USC will meet tomor
row at 10:30 in the lIR shack.
Ted Collier, chairman of the del
egation. said the meeting would
he important and urged all ap
plicants to attend.
This year Stanford will repre
sent the United States at the
Model Assembly.
Tryoutees for a place on Stan
ford's delegation to the Model
United Nations to be held this
at USC will meet tomor
row at 10:30 in the lIR shack.
Ted Collier, chairman of the del
egation. said the meeting would
he important and urged all ap
plicants to attend.
This year Stanford will repre
sent the United States at the
Model Assembly.
Tryoutees for a place on Stan
ford's delegation to the Model
United Nations to be held this
at USC will meet tomor
row at 10:30 in the lIR shack.
Ted Collier, chairman of the del
egation. said the meeting would
he important and urged all ap
plicants to attend.
This year Stanford will repre
sent the United States at the
Model Assembly.
Tryoutees for a place on Stan
ford's delegation to the Model
United Nations to be held this
at USC will meet tomor
row at 10:30 in the lIR shack.
Ted Collier, chairman of the del
egation. said the meeting would
he important and urged all ap
plicants to attend.
This year Stanford will repre
sent the United States at the
Model Assembly.
Tryoutees for a place on Stan
ford's delegation to the Model
United Nations to be held this
at USC will meet tomor
row at 10:30 in the lIR shack.
Ted Collier, chairman of the del
egation. said the meeting would
he important and urged all ap
plicants to attend.
This year Stanford will repre
sent the United States at the
Model Assembly.
Tryoutees for a place on Stan
ford's delegation to the Model
United Nations to be held this
at USC will meet tomor
row at 10:30 in the lIR shack.
Ted Collier, chairman of the del
egation. said the meeting would
he important and urged all ap
plicants to attend.
This year Stanford will repre
sent the United States at the
Model Assembly.
Tryoutees for a place on Stan
ford's delegation to the Model
United Nations to be held this
at USC will meet tomor
row at 10:30 in the lIR shack.
Ted Collier, chairman of the del
egation. said the meeting would
he important and urged all ap
plicants to attend.
This year Stanford will repre
sent the United States at the
Model Assembly.
Tryoutees for a place on Stan
ford's delegation to the Model
United Nations to be held this
at USC will meet tomor
row at 10:30 in the lIR shack.
Ted Collier, chairman of the del
egation. said the meeting would
he important and urged all ap
plicants to attend.
This year Stanford will repre
sent the United States at the
Model Assembly.
Tryoutees for a place on Stan
ford's delegation to the Model
United Nations to be held this
at USC will meet tomor
row at 10:30 in the lIR shack.
Ted Collier, chairman of the del
egation. said the meeting would
he important and urged all ap
plicants to attend.
This year Stanford will repre
sent the United States at the
Model Assembly.
Tryoutees for a place on Stan
ford's delegation to the Model
United Nations to be held this
at USC will meet tomor
row at 10:30 in the lIR shack.
Ted Collier, chairman of the del
egation. said the meeting would
he important and urged all ap
plicants to attend.
This year Stanford will repre
sent the United States at the
Model Assembly.
Tryoutees for a place on Stan
ford's delegation to the Model
United Nations to be held this
at USC will meet tomor
row at 10:30 in the lIR shack.
Ted Collier, chairman of the del
egation. said the meeting would
he important and urged all ap
plicants to attend.
This year Stanford will repre
sent the United States at the
Model Assembly.
Tryoutees for a place on Stan
ford's delegation to the Model
United Nations to be held this
at USC will meet tomor
row at 10:30 in the lIR shack.
Ted Collier, chairman of the del
egation. said the meeting would
he important and urged all ap
plicants to attend.
This year Stanford will repre
sent the United States at the
Model Assembly.
Tryoutees for a place on Stan
ford's delegation to the Model
United Nations to be held this
at USC will meet tomor
row at 10:30 in the lIR shack.
Ted Collier, chairman of the del
egation. said the meeting would
he important and urged all ap
plicants to attend.
This year Stanford will repre
sent the United States at the
Model Assembly.
Tryoutees for a place on Stan
ford's delegation to the Model
United Nations to be held this
at USC will meet tomor
row at 10:30 in the lIR shack.
Ted Collier, chairman of the del
egation. said the meeting would
he important and urged all ap
plicants to attend.
This year Stanford will repre
sent the United States at the
Model Assembly.
Tryoutees for a place on Stan
ford's delegation to the Model
United Nations to be held this
at USC will meet tomor
row at 10:30 in the lIR shack.
Ted Collier, chairman of the del
egation. said the meeting would
he important and urged all ap
plicants to attend.
This year Stanford will repre
sent the United States at the
Model Assembly.
