# ACHESON GOES TO LONDON
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7 (UP) -
President Truman said today that
Secretary of State Dean Aeheson
will represent him at tho funeral
of King George VI on Feb. 15.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7 (UP) -
President Truman said today that
Secretary of State Dean Aeheson
will represent him at tho funeral
of King George VI on Feb. 15.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7 (UP) -
President Truman said today that
Secretary of State Dean Aeheson
will represent him at tho funeral
of King George VI on Feb. 15.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7 (UP) -
President Truman said today that
Secretary of State Dean Aeheson
will represent him at tho funeral
of King George VI on Feb. 15.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7 (UP) -
President Truman said today that
Secretary of State Dean Aeheson
will represent him at tho funeral
of King George VI on Feb. 15.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7 (UP) -
President Truman said today that
Secretary of State Dean Aeheson
will represent him at tho funeral
of King George VI on Feb. 15.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7 (UP) -
President Truman said today that
Secretary of State Dean Aeheson
will represent him at tho funeral
of King George VI on Feb. 15.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7 (UP) -
President Truman said today that
Secretary of State Dean Aeheson
will represent him at tho funeral
of King George VI on Feb. 15.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7 (UP) -
President Truman said today that
Secretary of State Dean Aeheson
will represent him at tho funeral
of King George VI on Feb. 15.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7 (UP) -
President Truman said today that
Secretary of State Dean Aeheson
will represent him at tho funeral
of King George VI on Feb. 15.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7 (UP) -
President Truman said today that
Secretary of State Dean Aeheson
will represent him at tho funeral
of King George VI on Feb. 15.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7 (UP) -
President Truman said today that
Secretary of State Dean Aeheson
will represent him at tho funeral
of King George VI on Feb. 15.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7 (UP) -
President Truman said today that
Secretary of State Dean Aeheson
will represent him at tho funeral
of King George VI on Feb. 15.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7 (UP) -
President Truman said today that
Secretary of State Dean Aeheson
will represent him at tho funeral
of King George VI on Feb. 15.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7 (UP) -
President Truman said today that
Secretary of State Dean Aeheson
will represent him at tho funeral
of King George VI on Feb. 15.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7 (UP) -
President Truman said today that
Secretary of State Dean Aeheson
will represent him at tho funeral
of King George VI on Feb. 15.
