# Tickets on Sale For Toyon Dance
## 
### 
Tickets for Toyon Hall's "Sweet
heart's on Parade" dance, Feb. If),
are now on sale at the ASSU office.
They are also being sold by Toyon
wing representatives. The price is
$1.20 a couple.
Rill Zidbeck, decorations chair
man, announced that the hall will he
decorated to the theme of St. Val
entine's Day. The music will be
provided by Frank Holman and his
Rhythm Vendors.
Geoifte (Jeering, Toyon social
chairman, has an abundance of en
tertainment on tap including Arnie
Mandell and his piano patter, vocal
ist Bert Berns, and songs by the El
Toro Quartet.
Tickets for Toyon Hall's "Sweet
heart's on Parade" dance, Feb. If),
are now on sale at the ASSU office.
They are also being sold by Toyon
wing representatives. The price is
$1.20 a couple.
Rill Zidbeck, decorations chair
man, announced that the hall will he
decorated to the theme of St. Val
entine's Day. The music will be
provided by Frank Holman and his
Rhythm Vendors.
Geoifte (Jeering, Toyon social
chairman, has an abundance of en
tertainment on tap including Arnie
Mandell and his piano patter, vocal
ist Bert Berns, and songs by the El
Toro Quartet.
Tickets for Toyon Hall's "Sweet
heart's on Parade" dance, Feb. If),
are now on sale at the ASSU office.
They are also being sold by Toyon
wing representatives. The price is
$1.20 a couple.
Rill Zidbeck, decorations chair
man, announced that the hall will he
decorated to the theme of St. Val
entine's Day. The music will be
provided by Frank Holman and his
Rhythm Vendors.
Geoifte (Jeering, Toyon social
chairman, has an abundance of en
tertainment on tap including Arnie
Mandell and his piano patter, vocal
ist Bert Berns, and songs by the El
Toro Quartet.
Tickets for Toyon Hall's "Sweet
heart's on Parade" dance, Feb. If),
are now on sale at the ASSU office.
They are also being sold by Toyon
wing representatives. The price is
$1.20 a couple.
Rill Zidbeck, decorations chair
man, announced that the hall will he
decorated to the theme of St. Val
entine's Day. The music will be
provided by Frank Holman and his
Rhythm Vendors.
Geoifte (Jeering, Toyon social
chairman, has an abundance of en
tertainment on tap including Arnie
Mandell and his piano patter, vocal
ist Bert Berns, and songs by the El
Toro Quartet.
Tickets for Toyon Hall's "Sweet
heart's on Parade" dance, Feb. If),
are now on sale at the ASSU office.
They are also being sold by Toyon
wing representatives. The price is
$1.20 a couple.
Rill Zidbeck, decorations chair
man, announced that the hall will he
decorated to the theme of St. Val
entine's Day. The music will be
provided by Frank Holman and his
Rhythm Vendors.
Geoifte (Jeering, Toyon social
chairman, has an abundance of en
tertainment on tap including Arnie
Mandell and his piano patter, vocal
ist Bert Berns, and songs by the El
Toro Quartet.
Tickets for Toyon Hall's "Sweet
heart's on Parade" dance, Feb. If),
are now on sale at the ASSU office.
They are also being sold by Toyon
wing representatives. The price is
$1.20 a couple.
Rill Zidbeck, decorations chair
man, announced that the hall will he
decorated to the theme of St. Val
entine's Day. The music will be
provided by Frank Holman and his
Rhythm Vendors.
Geoifte (Jeering, Toyon social
chairman, has an abundance of en
tertainment on tap including Arnie
Mandell and his piano patter, vocal
ist Bert Berns, and songs by the El
Toro Quartet.
Tickets for Toyon Hall's "Sweet
heart's on Parade" dance, Feb. If),
are now on sale at the ASSU office.
They are also being sold by Toyon
wing representatives. The price is
$1.20 a couple.
Rill Zidbeck, decorations chair
man, announced that the hall will he
decorated to the theme of St. Val
entine's Day. The music will be
provided by Frank Holman and his
Rhythm Vendors.
Geoifte (Jeering, Toyon social
chairman, has an abundance of en
tertainment on tap including Arnie
Mandell and his piano patter, vocal
ist Bert Berns, and songs by the El
Toro Quartet.
Tickets for Toyon Hall's "Sweet
heart's on Parade" dance, Feb. If),
are now on sale at the ASSU office.
They are also being sold by Toyon
wing representatives. The price is
$1.20 a couple.
Rill Zidbeck, decorations chair
man, announced that the hall will he
decorated to the theme of St. Val
entine's Day. The music will be
provided by Frank Holman and his
Rhythm Vendors.
Geoifte (Jeering, Toyon social
chairman, has an abundance of en
tertainment on tap including Arnie
Mandell and his piano patter, vocal
ist Bert Berns, and songs by the El
Toro Quartet.
Tickets for Toyon Hall's "Sweet
heart's on Parade" dance, Feb. If),
are now on sale at the ASSU office.
They are also being sold by Toyon
wing representatives. The price is
$1.20 a couple.
Rill Zidbeck, decorations chair
man, announced that the hall will he
decorated to the theme of St. Val
entine's Day. The music will be
provided by Frank Holman and his
Rhythm Vendors.
Geoifte (Jeering, Toyon social
chairman, has an abundance of en
tertainment on tap including Arnie
Mandell and his piano patter, vocal
ist Bert Berns, and songs by the El
Toro Quartet.
Tickets for Toyon Hall's "Sweet
heart's on Parade" dance, Feb. If),
are now on sale at the ASSU office.
They are also being sold by Toyon
wing representatives. The price is
$1.20 a couple.
Rill Zidbeck, decorations chair
man, announced that the hall will he
decorated to the theme of St. Val
entine's Day. The music will be
provided by Frank Holman and his
Rhythm Vendors.
Geoifte (Jeering, Toyon social
chairman, has an abundance of en
tertainment on tap including Arnie
Mandell and his piano patter, vocal
ist Bert Berns, and songs by the El
Toro Quartet.
Tickets for Toyon Hall's "Sweet
heart's on Parade" dance, Feb. If),
are now on sale at the ASSU office.
They are also being sold by Toyon
wing representatives. The price is
$1.20 a couple.
Rill Zidbeck, decorations chair
man, announced that the hall will he
decorated to the theme of St. Val
entine's Day. The music will be
provided by Frank Holman and his
Rhythm Vendors.
Geoifte (Jeering, Toyon social
chairman, has an abundance of en
tertainment on tap including Arnie
Mandell and his piano patter, vocal
ist Bert Berns, and songs by the El
Toro Quartet.
Tickets for Toyon Hall's "Sweet
heart's on Parade" dance, Feb. If),
are now on sale at the ASSU office.
They are also being sold by Toyon
wing representatives. The price is
$1.20 a couple.
Rill Zidbeck, decorations chair
man, announced that the hall will he
decorated to the theme of St. Val
entine's Day. The music will be
provided by Frank Holman and his
Rhythm Vendors.
Geoifte (Jeering, Toyon social
chairman, has an abundance of en
tertainment on tap including Arnie
Mandell and his piano patter, vocal
ist Bert Berns, and songs by the El
Toro Quartet.
Tickets for Toyon Hall's "Sweet
heart's on Parade" dance, Feb. If),
are now on sale at the ASSU office.
They are also being sold by Toyon
wing representatives. The price is
$1.20 a couple.
Rill Zidbeck, decorations chair
man, announced that the hall will he
decorated to the theme of St. Val
entine's Day. The music will be
provided by Frank Holman and his
Rhythm Vendors.
Geoifte (Jeering, Toyon social
chairman, has an abundance of en
tertainment on tap including Arnie
Mandell and his piano patter, vocal
ist Bert Berns, and songs by the El
Toro Quartet.
Tickets for Toyon Hall's "Sweet
heart's on Parade" dance, Feb. If),
are now on sale at the ASSU office.
They are also being sold by Toyon
wing representatives. The price is
$1.20 a couple.
Rill Zidbeck, decorations chair
man, announced that the hall will he
decorated to the theme of St. Val
entine's Day. The music will be
provided by Frank Holman and his
Rhythm Vendors.
Geoifte (Jeering, Toyon social
chairman, has an abundance of en
tertainment on tap including Arnie
Mandell and his piano patter, vocal
ist Bert Berns, and songs by the El
Toro Quartet.
Tickets for Toyon Hall's "Sweet
heart's on Parade" dance, Feb. If),
are now on sale at the ASSU office.
They are also being sold by Toyon
wing representatives. The price is
$1.20 a couple.
Rill Zidbeck, decorations chair
man, announced that the hall will he
decorated to the theme of St. Val
entine's Day. The music will be
provided by Frank Holman and his
Rhythm Vendors.
Geoifte (Jeering, Toyon social
chairman, has an abundance of en
tertainment on tap including Arnie
Mandell and his piano patter, vocal
ist Bert Berns, and songs by the El
Toro Quartet.
Tickets for Toyon Hall's "Sweet
heart's on Parade" dance, Feb. If),
are now on sale at the ASSU office.
They are also being sold by Toyon
wing representatives. The price is
$1.20 a couple.
Rill Zidbeck, decorations chair
man, announced that the hall will he
decorated to the theme of St. Val
entine's Day. The music will be
provided by Frank Holman and his
Rhythm Vendors.
Geoifte (Jeering, Toyon social
chairman, has an abundance of en
tertainment on tap including Arnie
Mandell and his piano patter, vocal
ist Bert Berns, and songs by the El
Toro Quartet.
