# Dulles Statement Hit by French Reds
## 
### 
PAKIS— Communists bitterly at
tacked U. S. Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles today in the opening
session of the splintered French Na
tional Assembly.
It was an attack on Dulles for his
"brink of war" statement and an
appeal for the establishment of a
popular front government whi c h
would include the Communists, the
Socialists and the Pierre Mendes-
France Radicals.
PAKIS— Communists bitterly at
tacked U. S. Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles today in the opening
session of the splintered French Na
tional Assembly.
It was an attack on Dulles for his
"brink of war" statement and an
appeal for the establishment of a
popular front government whi c h
would include the Communists, the
Socialists and the Pierre Mendes-
France Radicals.
PAKIS— Communists bitterly at
tacked U. S. Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles today in the opening
session of the splintered French Na
tional Assembly.
It was an attack on Dulles for his
"brink of war" statement and an
appeal for the establishment of a
popular front government whi c h
would include the Communists, the
Socialists and the Pierre Mendes-
France Radicals.
PAKIS— Communists bitterly at
tacked U. S. Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles today in the opening
session of the splintered French Na
tional Assembly.
It was an attack on Dulles for his
"brink of war" statement and an
appeal for the establishment of a
popular front government whi c h
would include the Communists, the
Socialists and the Pierre Mendes-
France Radicals.
PAKIS— Communists bitterly at
tacked U. S. Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles today in the opening
session of the splintered French Na
tional Assembly.
It was an attack on Dulles for his
"brink of war" statement and an
appeal for the establishment of a
popular front government whi c h
would include the Communists, the
Socialists and the Pierre Mendes-
France Radicals.
PAKIS— Communists bitterly at
tacked U. S. Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles today in the opening
session of the splintered French Na
tional Assembly.
It was an attack on Dulles for his
"brink of war" statement and an
appeal for the establishment of a
popular front government whi c h
would include the Communists, the
Socialists and the Pierre Mendes-
France Radicals.
PAKIS— Communists bitterly at
tacked U. S. Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles today in the opening
session of the splintered French Na
tional Assembly.
It was an attack on Dulles for his
"brink of war" statement and an
appeal for the establishment of a
popular front government whi c h
would include the Communists, the
Socialists and the Pierre Mendes-
France Radicals.
PAKIS— Communists bitterly at
tacked U. S. Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles today in the opening
session of the splintered French Na
tional Assembly.
It was an attack on Dulles for his
"brink of war" statement and an
appeal for the establishment of a
popular front government whi c h
would include the Communists, the
Socialists and the Pierre Mendes-
France Radicals.
PAKIS— Communists bitterly at
tacked U. S. Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles today in the opening
session of the splintered French Na
tional Assembly.
It was an attack on Dulles for his
"brink of war" statement and an
appeal for the establishment of a
popular front government whi c h
would include the Communists, the
Socialists and the Pierre Mendes-
France Radicals.
PAKIS— Communists bitterly at
tacked U. S. Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles today in the opening
session of the splintered French Na
tional Assembly.
It was an attack on Dulles for his
"brink of war" statement and an
appeal for the establishment of a
popular front government whi c h
would include the Communists, the
Socialists and the Pierre Mendes-
France Radicals.
PAKIS— Communists bitterly at
tacked U. S. Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles today in the opening
session of the splintered French Na
tional Assembly.
It was an attack on Dulles for his
"brink of war" statement and an
appeal for the establishment of a
popular front government whi c h
would include the Communists, the
Socialists and the Pierre Mendes-
France Radicals.
PAKIS— Communists bitterly at
tacked U. S. Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles today in the opening
session of the splintered French Na
tional Assembly.
It was an attack on Dulles for his
"brink of war" statement and an
appeal for the establishment of a
popular front government whi c h
would include the Communists, the
Socialists and the Pierre Mendes-
France Radicals.
PAKIS— Communists bitterly at
tacked U. S. Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles today in the opening
session of the splintered French Na
tional Assembly.
It was an attack on Dulles for his
"brink of war" statement and an
appeal for the establishment of a
popular front government whi c h
would include the Communists, the
Socialists and the Pierre Mendes-
France Radicals.
PAKIS— Communists bitterly at
tacked U. S. Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles today in the opening
session of the splintered French Na
tional Assembly.
It was an attack on Dulles for his
"brink of war" statement and an
appeal for the establishment of a
popular front government whi c h
would include the Communists, the
Socialists and the Pierre Mendes-
France Radicals.
PAKIS— Communists bitterly at
tacked U. S. Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles today in the opening
session of the splintered French Na
tional Assembly.
It was an attack on Dulles for his
"brink of war" statement and an
appeal for the establishment of a
popular front government whi c h
would include the Communists, the
Socialists and the Pierre Mendes-
France Radicals.
