# Undergrad Wins Pot, Kettle Grant
## 
### 
The $500 Wilbur S. McCune Schol
arship, provided by the Associated
Pot & Kettle Clubs of America, has
been awarded to an undergraduate.
Laurence P. Sargent Jr., of Palo
Alto, who is planning a career in
business, received the award from
President Max Fisher at a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Pot & Kettle Club. Dean of
Men William G. Craig also attended
the meeting.
Sargent entered Stanford in Sep
tember, 1954, and is majoring in
economics and pre-business admin
istration subjects. Now 26, Sargent
served in the Navy during the Ko
rean war.
The $500 Wilbur S. McCune Schol
arship, provided by the Associated
Pot & Kettle Clubs of America, has
been awarded to an undergraduate.
Laurence P. Sargent Jr., of Palo
Alto, who is planning a career in
business, received the award from
President Max Fisher at a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Pot & Kettle Club. Dean of
Men William G. Craig also attended
the meeting.
Sargent entered Stanford in Sep
tember, 1954, and is majoring in
economics and pre-business admin
istration subjects. Now 26, Sargent
served in the Navy during the Ko
rean war.
The $500 Wilbur S. McCune Schol
arship, provided by the Associated
Pot & Kettle Clubs of America, has
been awarded to an undergraduate.
Laurence P. Sargent Jr., of Palo
Alto, who is planning a career in
business, received the award from
President Max Fisher at a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Pot & Kettle Club. Dean of
Men William G. Craig also attended
the meeting.
Sargent entered Stanford in Sep
tember, 1954, and is majoring in
economics and pre-business admin
istration subjects. Now 26, Sargent
served in the Navy during the Ko
rean war.
The $500 Wilbur S. McCune Schol
arship, provided by the Associated
Pot & Kettle Clubs of America, has
been awarded to an undergraduate.
Laurence P. Sargent Jr., of Palo
Alto, who is planning a career in
business, received the award from
President Max Fisher at a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Pot & Kettle Club. Dean of
Men William G. Craig also attended
the meeting.
Sargent entered Stanford in Sep
tember, 1954, and is majoring in
economics and pre-business admin
istration subjects. Now 26, Sargent
served in the Navy during the Ko
rean war.
The $500 Wilbur S. McCune Schol
arship, provided by the Associated
Pot & Kettle Clubs of America, has
been awarded to an undergraduate.
Laurence P. Sargent Jr., of Palo
Alto, who is planning a career in
business, received the award from
President Max Fisher at a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Pot & Kettle Club. Dean of
Men William G. Craig also attended
the meeting.
Sargent entered Stanford in Sep
tember, 1954, and is majoring in
economics and pre-business admin
istration subjects. Now 26, Sargent
served in the Navy during the Ko
rean war.
The $500 Wilbur S. McCune Schol
arship, provided by the Associated
Pot & Kettle Clubs of America, has
been awarded to an undergraduate.
Laurence P. Sargent Jr., of Palo
Alto, who is planning a career in
business, received the award from
President Max Fisher at a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Pot & Kettle Club. Dean of
Men William G. Craig also attended
the meeting.
Sargent entered Stanford in Sep
tember, 1954, and is majoring in
economics and pre-business admin
istration subjects. Now 26, Sargent
served in the Navy during the Ko
rean war.
The $500 Wilbur S. McCune Schol
arship, provided by the Associated
Pot & Kettle Clubs of America, has
been awarded to an undergraduate.
Laurence P. Sargent Jr., of Palo
Alto, who is planning a career in
business, received the award from
President Max Fisher at a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Pot & Kettle Club. Dean of
Men William G. Craig also attended
the meeting.
Sargent entered Stanford in Sep
tember, 1954, and is majoring in
economics and pre-business admin
istration subjects. Now 26, Sargent
served in the Navy during the Ko
rean war.
The $500 Wilbur S. McCune Schol
arship, provided by the Associated
Pot & Kettle Clubs of America, has
been awarded to an undergraduate.
Laurence P. Sargent Jr., of Palo
Alto, who is planning a career in
business, received the award from
President Max Fisher at a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Pot & Kettle Club. Dean of
Men William G. Craig also attended
the meeting.
Sargent entered Stanford in Sep
tember, 1954, and is majoring in
economics and pre-business admin
istration subjects. Now 26, Sargent
served in the Navy during the Ko
rean war.
The $500 Wilbur S. McCune Schol
arship, provided by the Associated
Pot & Kettle Clubs of America, has
been awarded to an undergraduate.
Laurence P. Sargent Jr., of Palo
Alto, who is planning a career in
business, received the award from
President Max Fisher at a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Pot & Kettle Club. Dean of
Men William G. Craig also attended
the meeting.
Sargent entered Stanford in Sep
tember, 1954, and is majoring in
economics and pre-business admin
istration subjects. Now 26, Sargent
served in the Navy during the Ko
rean war.
The $500 Wilbur S. McCune Schol
arship, provided by the Associated
Pot & Kettle Clubs of America, has
been awarded to an undergraduate.
Laurence P. Sargent Jr., of Palo
Alto, who is planning a career in
business, received the award from
President Max Fisher at a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Pot & Kettle Club. Dean of
Men William G. Craig also attended
the meeting.
Sargent entered Stanford in Sep
tember, 1954, and is majoring in
economics and pre-business admin
istration subjects. Now 26, Sargent
served in the Navy during the Ko
rean war.
The $500 Wilbur S. McCune Schol
arship, provided by the Associated
Pot & Kettle Clubs of America, has
been awarded to an undergraduate.
Laurence P. Sargent Jr., of Palo
Alto, who is planning a career in
business, received the award from
President Max Fisher at a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Pot & Kettle Club. Dean of
Men William G. Craig also attended
the meeting.
Sargent entered Stanford in Sep
tember, 1954, and is majoring in
economics and pre-business admin
istration subjects. Now 26, Sargent
served in the Navy during the Ko
rean war.
The $500 Wilbur S. McCune Schol
arship, provided by the Associated
Pot & Kettle Clubs of America, has
been awarded to an undergraduate.
Laurence P. Sargent Jr., of Palo
Alto, who is planning a career in
business, received the award from
President Max Fisher at a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Pot & Kettle Club. Dean of
Men William G. Craig also attended
the meeting.
Sargent entered Stanford in Sep
tember, 1954, and is majoring in
economics and pre-business admin
istration subjects. Now 26, Sargent
served in the Navy during the Ko
rean war.
The $500 Wilbur S. McCune Schol
arship, provided by the Associated
Pot & Kettle Clubs of America, has
been awarded to an undergraduate.
Laurence P. Sargent Jr., of Palo
Alto, who is planning a career in
business, received the award from
President Max Fisher at a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Pot & Kettle Club. Dean of
Men William G. Craig also attended
the meeting.
Sargent entered Stanford in Sep
tember, 1954, and is majoring in
economics and pre-business admin
istration subjects. Now 26, Sargent
served in the Navy during the Ko
rean war.
The $500 Wilbur S. McCune Schol
arship, provided by the Associated
Pot & Kettle Clubs of America, has
been awarded to an undergraduate.
Laurence P. Sargent Jr., of Palo
Alto, who is planning a career in
business, received the award from
President Max Fisher at a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Pot & Kettle Club. Dean of
Men William G. Craig also attended
the meeting.
Sargent entered Stanford in Sep
tember, 1954, and is majoring in
economics and pre-business admin
istration subjects. Now 26, Sargent
served in the Navy during the Ko
rean war.
The $500 Wilbur S. McCune Schol
arship, provided by the Associated
Pot & Kettle Clubs of America, has
been awarded to an undergraduate.
Laurence P. Sargent Jr., of Palo
Alto, who is planning a career in
business, received the award from
President Max Fisher at a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Pot & Kettle Club. Dean of
Men William G. Craig also attended
the meeting.
Sargent entered Stanford in Sep
tember, 1954, and is majoring in
economics and pre-business admin
istration subjects. Now 26, Sargent
served in the Navy during the Ko
rean war.
