# Shell Official Becomes New Farm Trustee
## 
### 
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, executive
vice president and a director of the
Shell Oil Company yesterday was
elected to the University Board of
Trustees.,
His election brings the board to its
full strength of 23 members, eight
more than originally authorized by
the University's founding grant. Ex
pansion of the board received court
approval two years ago because of
Stanford's greatly increased activi
ties since World War 11.
A native Californian, Dr. Spaght
was born at Eureka in 1909. He at
tended Stanford, majored in chem
istry and received his bachelor's de
gree at the age of 19. He later earned
the A.M. and Ph.D. degrees at Stan
ford. He also studied for a year at
the University of Leipzig under Dr.
Peter J. W. Debye, a Nobel prize
winner in chemistry.
Much of Dr. Spaght's business ca
reer has been spent in northern
California, which he visits frequent
ly. He joined Shell as a research
chemist at the company's Martinez
refinery in 1933. Before promotion
in 1953 to his present position in
New York, he was president of San
Francisco's Shell Development Com
pany, the research affiliate of Shell
Oil.
In both the East and the West, Dr.
Spaght has been an active partici
pant in Stanford affairs. He is a
member of Stanford Associates, a
group formed in 1934 to foster gifts
to the University, and chairman of
the board of directors of the New
York Stanford Club. He is also a
director of Stanford Research Insti
tute.
Dr. Spaght has been a leader in
promoting business support for the
nation's private universities which
do not receive public tax support.
Last year his writings in this field
attracted national attention. His
company, Shell Oil, recently an
nounced a $350,000 research and aid
program for private universities
during 1955-56.
Dr. Spaght lives with his wife and
three children at Scarborough, New
York.
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, executive
vice president and a director of the
Shell Oil Company yesterday was
elected to the University Board of
Trustees.,
His election brings the board to its
full strength of 23 members, eight
more than originally authorized by
the University's founding grant. Ex
pansion of the board received court
approval two years ago because of
Stanford's greatly increased activi
ties since World War 11.
A native Californian, Dr. Spaght
was born at Eureka in 1909. He at
tended Stanford, majored in chem
istry and received his bachelor's de
gree at the age of 19. He later earned
the A.M. and Ph.D. degrees at Stan
ford. He also studied for a year at
the University of Leipzig under Dr.
Peter J. W. Debye, a Nobel prize
winner in chemistry.
Much of Dr. Spaght's business ca
reer has been spent in northern
California, which he visits frequent
ly. He joined Shell as a research
chemist at the company's Martinez
refinery in 1933. Before promotion
in 1953 to his present position in
New York, he was president of San
Francisco's Shell Development Com
pany, the research affiliate of Shell
Oil.
In both the East and the West, Dr.
Spaght has been an active partici
pant in Stanford affairs. He is a
member of Stanford Associates, a
group formed in 1934 to foster gifts
to the University, and chairman of
the board of directors of the New
York Stanford Club. He is also a
director of Stanford Research Insti
tute.
Dr. Spaght has been a leader in
promoting business support for the
nation's private universities which
do not receive public tax support.
Last year his writings in this field
attracted national attention. His
company, Shell Oil, recently an
nounced a $350,000 research and aid
program for private universities
during 1955-56.
Dr. Spaght lives with his wife and
three children at Scarborough, New
York.
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, executive
vice president and a director of the
Shell Oil Company yesterday was
elected to the University Board of
Trustees.,
His election brings the board to its
full strength of 23 members, eight
more than originally authorized by
the University's founding grant. Ex
pansion of the board received court
approval two years ago because of
Stanford's greatly increased activi
ties since World War 11.
A native Californian, Dr. Spaght
was born at Eureka in 1909. He at
tended Stanford, majored in chem
istry and received his bachelor's de
gree at the age of 19. He later earned
the A.M. and Ph.D. degrees at Stan
ford. He also studied for a year at
the University of Leipzig under Dr.
Peter J. W. Debye, a Nobel prize
winner in chemistry.
Much of Dr. Spaght's business ca
reer has been spent in northern
California, which he visits frequent
ly. He joined Shell as a research
chemist at the company's Martinez
refinery in 1933. Before promotion
in 1953 to his present position in
New York, he was president of San
Francisco's Shell Development Com
pany, the research affiliate of Shell
Oil.
In both the East and the West, Dr.
Spaght has been an active partici
pant in Stanford affairs. He is a
member of Stanford Associates, a
group formed in 1934 to foster gifts
to the University, and chairman of
the board of directors of the New
York Stanford Club. He is also a
director of Stanford Research Insti
tute.
Dr. Spaght has been a leader in
promoting business support for the
nation's private universities which
do not receive public tax support.
Last year his writings in this field
attracted national attention. His
company, Shell Oil, recently an
nounced a $350,000 research and aid
program for private universities
during 1955-56.
Dr. Spaght lives with his wife and
three children at Scarborough, New
York.
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, executive
vice president and a director of the
Shell Oil Company yesterday was
elected to the University Board of
Trustees.,
His election brings the board to its
full strength of 23 members, eight
more than originally authorized by
the University's founding grant. Ex
pansion of the board received court
approval two years ago because of
Stanford's greatly increased activi
ties since World War 11.
A native Californian, Dr. Spaght
was born at Eureka in 1909. He at
tended Stanford, majored in chem
istry and received his bachelor's de
gree at the age of 19. He later earned
the A.M. and Ph.D. degrees at Stan
ford. He also studied for a year at
the University of Leipzig under Dr.
Peter J. W. Debye, a Nobel prize
winner in chemistry.
Much of Dr. Spaght's business ca
reer has been spent in northern
California, which he visits frequent
ly. He joined Shell as a research
chemist at the company's Martinez
refinery in 1933. Before promotion
in 1953 to his present position in
New York, he was president of San
Francisco's Shell Development Com
pany, the research affiliate of Shell
Oil.
In both the East and the West, Dr.
Spaght has been an active partici
pant in Stanford affairs. He is a
member of Stanford Associates, a
group formed in 1934 to foster gifts
to the University, and chairman of
the board of directors of the New
York Stanford Club. He is also a
director of Stanford Research Insti
tute.
Dr. Spaght has been a leader in
promoting business support for the
nation's private universities which
do not receive public tax support.
Last year his writings in this field
attracted national attention. His
company, Shell Oil, recently an
nounced a $350,000 research and aid
program for private universities
during 1955-56.
Dr. Spaght lives with his wife and
three children at Scarborough, New
York.
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, executive
vice president and a director of the
Shell Oil Company yesterday was
elected to the University Board of
Trustees.,
His election brings the board to its
full strength of 23 members, eight
more than originally authorized by
the University's founding grant. Ex
pansion of the board received court
approval two years ago because of
Stanford's greatly increased activi
ties since World War 11.
A native Californian, Dr. Spaght
was born at Eureka in 1909. He at
tended Stanford, majored in chem
istry and received his bachelor's de
gree at the age of 19. He later earned
the A.M. and Ph.D. degrees at Stan
ford. He also studied for a year at
the University of Leipzig under Dr.
Peter J. W. Debye, a Nobel prize
winner in chemistry.
Much of Dr. Spaght's business ca
reer has been spent in northern
California, which he visits frequent
ly. He joined Shell as a research
chemist at the company's Martinez
refinery in 1933. Before promotion
in 1953 to his present position in
New York, he was president of San
Francisco's Shell Development Com
pany, the research affiliate of Shell
Oil.
In both the East and the West, Dr.
Spaght has been an active partici
pant in Stanford affairs. He is a
member of Stanford Associates, a
group formed in 1934 to foster gifts
to the University, and chairman of
the board of directors of the New
York Stanford Club. He is also a
director of Stanford Research Insti
tute.
Dr. Spaght has been a leader in
promoting business support for the
nation's private universities which
do not receive public tax support.
Last year his writings in this field
attracted national attention. His
company, Shell Oil, recently an
nounced a $350,000 research and aid
program for private universities
during 1955-56.
Dr. Spaght lives with his wife and
three children at Scarborough, New
York.
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, executive
vice president and a director of the
Shell Oil Company yesterday was
elected to the University Board of
Trustees.,
His election brings the board to its
full strength of 23 members, eight
more than originally authorized by
the University's founding grant. Ex
pansion of the board received court
approval two years ago because of
Stanford's greatly increased activi
ties since World War 11.
A native Californian, Dr. Spaght
was born at Eureka in 1909. He at
tended Stanford, majored in chem
istry and received his bachelor's de
gree at the age of 19. He later earned
the A.M. and Ph.D. degrees at Stan
ford. He also studied for a year at
the University of Leipzig under Dr.
Peter J. W. Debye, a Nobel prize
winner in chemistry.
Much of Dr. Spaght's business ca
reer has been spent in northern
California, which he visits frequent
ly. He joined Shell as a research
chemist at the company's Martinez
refinery in 1933. Before promotion
in 1953 to his present position in
New York, he was president of San
Francisco's Shell Development Com
pany, the research affiliate of Shell
Oil.
In both the East and the West, Dr.
Spaght has been an active partici
pant in Stanford affairs. He is a
member of Stanford Associates, a
group formed in 1934 to foster gifts
to the University, and chairman of
the board of directors of the New
York Stanford Club. He is also a
director of Stanford Research Insti
tute.
Dr. Spaght has been a leader in
promoting business support for the
nation's private universities which
do not receive public tax support.
Last year his writings in this field
attracted national attention. His
company, Shell Oil, recently an
nounced a $350,000 research and aid
program for private universities
during 1955-56.
Dr. Spaght lives with his wife and
three children at Scarborough, New
York.
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, executive
vice president and a director of the
Shell Oil Company yesterday was
elected to the University Board of
Trustees.,
His election brings the board to its
full strength of 23 members, eight
more than originally authorized by
the University's founding grant. Ex
pansion of the board received court
approval two years ago because of
Stanford's greatly increased activi
ties since World War 11.
A native Californian, Dr. Spaght
was born at Eureka in 1909. He at
tended Stanford, majored in chem
istry and received his bachelor's de
gree at the age of 19. He later earned
the A.M. and Ph.D. degrees at Stan
ford. He also studied for a year at
the University of Leipzig under Dr.
Peter J. W. Debye, a Nobel prize
winner in chemistry.
Much of Dr. Spaght's business ca
reer has been spent in northern
California, which he visits frequent
ly. He joined Shell as a research
chemist at the company's Martinez
refinery in 1933. Before promotion
in 1953 to his present position in
New York, he was president of San
Francisco's Shell Development Com
pany, the research affiliate of Shell
Oil.
In both the East and the West, Dr.
Spaght has been an active partici
pant in Stanford affairs. He is a
member of Stanford Associates, a
group formed in 1934 to foster gifts
to the University, and chairman of
the board of directors of the New
York Stanford Club. He is also a
director of Stanford Research Insti
tute.
Dr. Spaght has been a leader in
promoting business support for the
nation's private universities which
do not receive public tax support.
Last year his writings in this field
attracted national attention. His
company, Shell Oil, recently an
nounced a $350,000 research and aid
program for private universities
during 1955-56.
Dr. Spaght lives with his wife and
three children at Scarborough, New
York.
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, executive
vice president and a director of the
Shell Oil Company yesterday was
elected to the University Board of
Trustees.,
His election brings the board to its
full strength of 23 members, eight
more than originally authorized by
the University's founding grant. Ex
pansion of the board received court
approval two years ago because of
Stanford's greatly increased activi
ties since World War 11.
A native Californian, Dr. Spaght
was born at Eureka in 1909. He at
tended Stanford, majored in chem
istry and received his bachelor's de
gree at the age of 19. He later earned
the A.M. and Ph.D. degrees at Stan
ford. He also studied for a year at
the University of Leipzig under Dr.
Peter J. W. Debye, a Nobel prize
winner in chemistry.
Much of Dr. Spaght's business ca
reer has been spent in northern
California, which he visits frequent
ly. He joined Shell as a research
chemist at the company's Martinez
refinery in 1933. Before promotion
in 1953 to his present position in
New York, he was president of San
Francisco's Shell Development Com
pany, the research affiliate of Shell
Oil.
In both the East and the West, Dr.
Spaght has been an active partici
pant in Stanford affairs. He is a
member of Stanford Associates, a
group formed in 1934 to foster gifts
to the University, and chairman of
the board of directors of the New
York Stanford Club. He is also a
director of Stanford Research Insti
tute.
Dr. Spaght has been a leader in
promoting business support for the
nation's private universities which
do not receive public tax support.
Last year his writings in this field
attracted national attention. His
company, Shell Oil, recently an
nounced a $350,000 research and aid
program for private universities
during 1955-56.
Dr. Spaght lives with his wife and
three children at Scarborough, New
York.
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, executive
vice president and a director of the
Shell Oil Company yesterday was
elected to the University Board of
Trustees.,
His election brings the board to its
full strength of 23 members, eight
more than originally authorized by
the University's founding grant. Ex
pansion of the board received court
approval two years ago because of
Stanford's greatly increased activi
ties since World War 11.
A native Californian, Dr. Spaght
was born at Eureka in 1909. He at
tended Stanford, majored in chem
istry and received his bachelor's de
gree at the age of 19. He later earned
the A.M. and Ph.D. degrees at Stan
ford. He also studied for a year at
the University of Leipzig under Dr.
Peter J. W. Debye, a Nobel prize
winner in chemistry.
Much of Dr. Spaght's business ca
reer has been spent in northern
California, which he visits frequent
ly. He joined Shell as a research
chemist at the company's Martinez
refinery in 1933. Before promotion
in 1953 to his present position in
New York, he was president of San
Francisco's Shell Development Com
pany, the research affiliate of Shell
Oil.
In both the East and the West, Dr.
Spaght has been an active partici
pant in Stanford affairs. He is a
member of Stanford Associates, a
group formed in 1934 to foster gifts
to the University, and chairman of
the board of directors of the New
York Stanford Club. He is also a
director of Stanford Research Insti
tute.
Dr. Spaght has been a leader in
promoting business support for the
nation's private universities which
do not receive public tax support.
Last year his writings in this field
attracted national attention. His
company, Shell Oil, recently an
nounced a $350,000 research and aid
program for private universities
during 1955-56.
Dr. Spaght lives with his wife and
three children at Scarborough, New
York.
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, executive
vice president and a director of the
Shell Oil Company yesterday was
elected to the University Board of
Trustees.,
His election brings the board to its
full strength of 23 members, eight
more than originally authorized by
the University's founding grant. Ex
pansion of the board received court
approval two years ago because of
Stanford's greatly increased activi
ties since World War 11.
A native Californian, Dr. Spaght
was born at Eureka in 1909. He at
tended Stanford, majored in chem
istry and received his bachelor's de
gree at the age of 19. He later earned
the A.M. and Ph.D. degrees at Stan
ford. He also studied for a year at
the University of Leipzig under Dr.
Peter J. W. Debye, a Nobel prize
winner in chemistry.
Much of Dr. Spaght's business ca
reer has been spent in northern
California, which he visits frequent
ly. He joined Shell as a research
chemist at the company's Martinez
refinery in 1933. Before promotion
in 1953 to his present position in
New York, he was president of San
Francisco's Shell Development Com
pany, the research affiliate of Shell
Oil.
In both the East and the West, Dr.
Spaght has been an active partici
pant in Stanford affairs. He is a
member of Stanford Associates, a
group formed in 1934 to foster gifts
to the University, and chairman of
the board of directors of the New
York Stanford Club. He is also a
director of Stanford Research Insti
tute.
Dr. Spaght has been a leader in
promoting business support for the
nation's private universities which
do not receive public tax support.
Last year his writings in this field
attracted national attention. His
company, Shell Oil, recently an
nounced a $350,000 research and aid
program for private universities
during 1955-56.
Dr. Spaght lives with his wife and
three children at Scarborough, New
York.
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, executive
vice president and a director of the
Shell Oil Company yesterday was
elected to the University Board of
Trustees.,
His election brings the board to its
full strength of 23 members, eight
more than originally authorized by
the University's founding grant. Ex
pansion of the board received court
approval two years ago because of
Stanford's greatly increased activi
ties since World War 11.
A native Californian, Dr. Spaght
was born at Eureka in 1909. He at
tended Stanford, majored in chem
istry and received his bachelor's de
gree at the age of 19. He later earned
the A.M. and Ph.D. degrees at Stan
ford. He also studied for a year at
the University of Leipzig under Dr.
Peter J. W. Debye, a Nobel prize
winner in chemistry.
Much of Dr. Spaght's business ca
reer has been spent in northern
California, which he visits frequent
ly. He joined Shell as a research
chemist at the company's Martinez
refinery in 1933. Before promotion
in 1953 to his present position in
New York, he was president of San
Francisco's Shell Development Com
pany, the research affiliate of Shell
Oil.
In both the East and the West, Dr.
Spaght has been an active partici
pant in Stanford affairs. He is a
member of Stanford Associates, a
group formed in 1934 to foster gifts
to the University, and chairman of
the board of directors of the New
York Stanford Club. He is also a
director of Stanford Research Insti
tute.
Dr. Spaght has been a leader in
promoting business support for the
nation's private universities which
do not receive public tax support.
Last year his writings in this field
attracted national attention. His
company, Shell Oil, recently an
nounced a $350,000 research and aid
program for private universities
during 1955-56.
Dr. Spaght lives with his wife and
three children at Scarborough, New
York.
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, executive
vice president and a director of the
Shell Oil Company yesterday was
elected to the University Board of
Trustees.,
His election brings the board to its
full strength of 23 members, eight
more than originally authorized by
the University's founding grant. Ex
pansion of the board received court
approval two years ago because of
Stanford's greatly increased activi
ties since World War 11.
A native Californian, Dr. Spaght
was born at Eureka in 1909. He at
tended Stanford, majored in chem
istry and received his bachelor's de
gree at the age of 19. He later earned
the A.M. and Ph.D. degrees at Stan
ford. He also studied for a year at
the University of Leipzig under Dr.
Peter J. W. Debye, a Nobel prize
winner in chemistry.
Much of Dr. Spaght's business ca
reer has been spent in northern
California, which he visits frequent
ly. He joined Shell as a research
chemist at the company's Martinez
refinery in 1933. Before promotion
in 1953 to his present position in
New York, he was president of San
Francisco's Shell Development Com
pany, the research affiliate of Shell
Oil.
In both the East and the West, Dr.
Spaght has been an active partici
pant in Stanford affairs. He is a
member of Stanford Associates, a
group formed in 1934 to foster gifts
to the University, and chairman of
the board of directors of the New
York Stanford Club. He is also a
director of Stanford Research Insti
tute.
Dr. Spaght has been a leader in
promoting business support for the
nation's private universities which
do not receive public tax support.
Last year his writings in this field
attracted national attention. His
company, Shell Oil, recently an
nounced a $350,000 research and aid
program for private universities
during 1955-56.
Dr. Spaght lives with his wife and
three children at Scarborough, New
York.
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, executive
vice president and a director of the
Shell Oil Company yesterday was
elected to the University Board of
Trustees.,
His election brings the board to its
full strength of 23 members, eight
more than originally authorized by
the University's founding grant. Ex
pansion of the board received court
approval two years ago because of
Stanford's greatly increased activi
ties since World War 11.
A native Californian, Dr. Spaght
was born at Eureka in 1909. He at
tended Stanford, majored in chem
istry and received his bachelor's de
gree at the age of 19. He later earned
the A.M. and Ph.D. degrees at Stan
ford. He also studied for a year at
the University of Leipzig under Dr.
Peter J. W. Debye, a Nobel prize
winner in chemistry.
Much of Dr. Spaght's business ca
reer has been spent in northern
California, which he visits frequent
ly. He joined Shell as a research
chemist at the company's Martinez
refinery in 1933. Before promotion
in 1953 to his present position in
New York, he was president of San
Francisco's Shell Development Com
pany, the research affiliate of Shell
Oil.
In both the East and the West, Dr.
Spaght has been an active partici
pant in Stanford affairs. He is a
member of Stanford Associates, a
group formed in 1934 to foster gifts
to the University, and chairman of
the board of directors of the New
York Stanford Club. He is also a
director of Stanford Research Insti
tute.
Dr. Spaght has been a leader in
promoting business support for the
nation's private universities which
do not receive public tax support.
Last year his writings in this field
attracted national attention. His
company, Shell Oil, recently an
nounced a $350,000 research and aid
program for private universities
during 1955-56.
Dr. Spaght lives with his wife and
three children at Scarborough, New
York.
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, executive
vice president and a director of the
Shell Oil Company yesterday was
elected to the University Board of
Trustees.,
His election brings the board to its
full strength of 23 members, eight
more than originally authorized by
the University's founding grant. Ex
pansion of the board received court
approval two years ago because of
Stanford's greatly increased activi
ties since World War 11.
A native Californian, Dr. Spaght
was born at Eureka in 1909. He at
tended Stanford, majored in chem
istry and received his bachelor's de
gree at the age of 19. He later earned
the A.M. and Ph.D. degrees at Stan
ford. He also studied for a year at
the University of Leipzig under Dr.
Peter J. W. Debye, a Nobel prize
winner in chemistry.
Much of Dr. Spaght's business ca
reer has been spent in northern
California, which he visits frequent
ly. He joined Shell as a research
chemist at the company's Martinez
refinery in 1933. Before promotion
in 1953 to his present position in
New York, he was president of San
Francisco's Shell Development Com
pany, the research affiliate of Shell
Oil.
In both the East and the West, Dr.
Spaght has been an active partici
pant in Stanford affairs. He is a
member of Stanford Associates, a
group formed in 1934 to foster gifts
to the University, and chairman of
the board of directors of the New
York Stanford Club. He is also a
director of Stanford Research Insti
tute.
Dr. Spaght has been a leader in
promoting business support for the
nation's private universities which
do not receive public tax support.
Last year his writings in this field
attracted national attention. His
company, Shell Oil, recently an
nounced a $350,000 research and aid
program for private universities
during 1955-56.
Dr. Spaght lives with his wife and
three children at Scarborough, New
York.
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, executive
vice president and a director of the
Shell Oil Company yesterday was
elected to the University Board of
Trustees.,
His election brings the board to its
full strength of 23 members, eight
more than originally authorized by
the University's founding grant. Ex
pansion of the board received court
approval two years ago because of
Stanford's greatly increased activi
ties since World War 11.
A native Californian, Dr. Spaght
was born at Eureka in 1909. He at
tended Stanford, majored in chem
istry and received his bachelor's de
gree at the age of 19. He later earned
the A.M. and Ph.D. degrees at Stan
ford. He also studied for a year at
the University of Leipzig under Dr.
Peter J. W. Debye, a Nobel prize
winner in chemistry.
Much of Dr. Spaght's business ca
reer has been spent in northern
California, which he visits frequent
ly. He joined Shell as a research
chemist at the company's Martinez
refinery in 1933. Before promotion
in 1953 to his present position in
New York, he was president of San
Francisco's Shell Development Com
pany, the research affiliate of Shell
Oil.
In both the East and the West, Dr.
Spaght has been an active partici
pant in Stanford affairs. He is a
member of Stanford Associates, a
group formed in 1934 to foster gifts
to the University, and chairman of
the board of directors of the New
York Stanford Club. He is also a
director of Stanford Research Insti
tute.
Dr. Spaght has been a leader in
promoting business support for the
nation's private universities which
do not receive public tax support.
Last year his writings in this field
attracted national attention. His
company, Shell Oil, recently an
nounced a $350,000 research and aid
program for private universities
during 1955-56.
Dr. Spaght lives with his wife and
three children at Scarborough, New
York.
