# California Chose Affirmative.
## 
### 
California today telegraphed her
choice of the affirmative of the
question proposed by Stanford for
the Intercollegiate debate: "Re
solved, That the Southern States
should grant suffrage to the Negro
in accordance with the Fifteenth
Amendment; provided, that all
questions of the constitutionality
of the negative position be ex
cluded from the discussion." The
debate will take place in San Fran
cisco 011 April 26th, and the final
try-outs will occur here on the
evening of March 26th.
California today telegraphed her
choice of the affirmative of the
question proposed by Stanford for
the Intercollegiate debate: "Re
solved, That the Southern States
should grant suffrage to the Negro
in accordance with the Fifteenth
Amendment; provided, that all
questions of the constitutionality
of the negative position be ex
cluded from the discussion." The
debate will take place in San Fran
cisco 011 April 26th, and the final
try-outs will occur here on the
evening of March 26th.
California today telegraphed her
choice of the affirmative of the
question proposed by Stanford for
the Intercollegiate debate: "Re
solved, That the Southern States
should grant suffrage to the Negro
in accordance with the Fifteenth
Amendment; provided, that all
questions of the constitutionality
of the negative position be ex
cluded from the discussion." The
debate will take place in San Fran
cisco 011 April 26th, and the final
try-outs will occur here on the
evening of March 26th.
California today telegraphed her
choice of the affirmative of the
question proposed by Stanford for
the Intercollegiate debate: "Re
solved, That the Southern States
should grant suffrage to the Negro
in accordance with the Fifteenth
Amendment; provided, that all
questions of the constitutionality
of the negative position be ex
cluded from the discussion." The
debate will take place in San Fran
cisco 011 April 26th, and the final
try-outs will occur here on the
evening of March 26th.
California today telegraphed her
choice of the affirmative of the
question proposed by Stanford for
the Intercollegiate debate: "Re
solved, That the Southern States
should grant suffrage to the Negro
in accordance with the Fifteenth
Amendment; provided, that all
questions of the constitutionality
of the negative position be ex
cluded from the discussion." The
debate will take place in San Fran
cisco 011 April 26th, and the final
try-outs will occur here on the
evening of March 26th.
California today telegraphed her
choice of the affirmative of the
question proposed by Stanford for
the Intercollegiate debate: "Re
solved, That the Southern States
should grant suffrage to the Negro
in accordance with the Fifteenth
Amendment; provided, that all
questions of the constitutionality
of the negative position be ex
cluded from the discussion." The
debate will take place in San Fran
cisco 011 April 26th, and the final
try-outs will occur here on the
evening of March 26th.
California today telegraphed her
choice of the affirmative of the
question proposed by Stanford for
the Intercollegiate debate: "Re
solved, That the Southern States
should grant suffrage to the Negro
in accordance with the Fifteenth
Amendment; provided, that all
questions of the constitutionality
of the negative position be ex
cluded from the discussion." The
debate will take place in San Fran
cisco 011 April 26th, and the final
try-outs will occur here on the
evening of March 26th.
