# University Calendar.
## 
### 
March.
Reception to new Y. M. C. A. ad
visory board, Moran residence,
14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Emma Nevada, Assembly Hall
19th.
Gymnasium Club exhibition, 21st.
Sophomores vs. Ukiah, track meet,
campus, 22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
Intercollegiate tinal debate try
outs, 26th.
Junior Farce, Assembly Hall, 27th.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Interclass track meet, campus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
Dedication Memorial Church, Eas
ter, 3()th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Freshmen vs. Nevada, track, Reno,
sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Varsity vs. California, baseball,
Berkeley, 12th.
Sophomore-Freshman debate, 18th.
Antigone presentations, Assembly
Hall, 17th and 19th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, Stanford
vs. California, 19th.
Intercollegiate Debate, California
vs. Stanford, San Francisco,26th.
May.
Stanford vs. Washington, debate,
Assembly Hall, 2d.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Jnstruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 2- r >th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement. 28th.
March.
Reception to new Y. M. C. A. ad
visory board, Moran residence,
14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Emma Nevada, Assembly Hall
19th.
Gymnasium Club exhibition, 21st.
Sophomores vs. Ukiah, track meet,
campus, 22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
Intercollegiate tinal debate try
outs, 26th.
Junior Farce, Assembly Hall, 27th.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Interclass track meet, campus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
Dedication Memorial Church, Eas
ter, 3()th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Freshmen vs. Nevada, track, Reno,
sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Varsity vs. California, baseball,
Berkeley, 12th.
Sophomore-Freshman debate, 18th.
Antigone presentations, Assembly
Hall, 17th and 19th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, Stanford
vs. California, 19th.
Intercollegiate Debate, California
vs. Stanford, San Francisco,26th.
May.
Stanford vs. Washington, debate,
Assembly Hall, 2d.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Jnstruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 2- r >th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement. 28th.
March.
Reception to new Y. M. C. A. ad
visory board, Moran residence,
14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Emma Nevada, Assembly Hall
19th.
Gymnasium Club exhibition, 21st.
Sophomores vs. Ukiah, track meet,
campus, 22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
Intercollegiate tinal debate try
outs, 26th.
Junior Farce, Assembly Hall, 27th.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Interclass track meet, campus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
Dedication Memorial Church, Eas
ter, 3()th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Freshmen vs. Nevada, track, Reno,
sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Varsity vs. California, baseball,
Berkeley, 12th.
Sophomore-Freshman debate, 18th.
Antigone presentations, Assembly
Hall, 17th and 19th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, Stanford
vs. California, 19th.
Intercollegiate Debate, California
vs. Stanford, San Francisco,26th.
May.
Stanford vs. Washington, debate,
Assembly Hall, 2d.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Jnstruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 2- r >th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement. 28th.
March.
Reception to new Y. M. C. A. ad
visory board, Moran residence,
14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Emma Nevada, Assembly Hall
19th.
Gymnasium Club exhibition, 21st.
Sophomores vs. Ukiah, track meet,
campus, 22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
Intercollegiate tinal debate try
outs, 26th.
Junior Farce, Assembly Hall, 27th.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Interclass track meet, campus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
Dedication Memorial Church, Eas
ter, 3()th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Freshmen vs. Nevada, track, Reno,
sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Varsity vs. California, baseball,
Berkeley, 12th.
Sophomore-Freshman debate, 18th.
Antigone presentations, Assembly
Hall, 17th and 19th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, Stanford
vs. California, 19th.
Intercollegiate Debate, California
vs. Stanford, San Francisco,26th.
May.
Stanford vs. Washington, debate,
Assembly Hall, 2d.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Jnstruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 2- r >th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement. 28th.
March.
Reception to new Y. M. C. A. ad
visory board, Moran residence,
14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Emma Nevada, Assembly Hall
19th.
Gymnasium Club exhibition, 21st.
Sophomores vs. Ukiah, track meet,
campus, 22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
Intercollegiate tinal debate try
outs, 26th.
Junior Farce, Assembly Hall, 27th.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Interclass track meet, campus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
Dedication Memorial Church, Eas
ter, 3()th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Freshmen vs. Nevada, track, Reno,
sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Varsity vs. California, baseball,
Berkeley, 12th.
Sophomore-Freshman debate, 18th.
Antigone presentations, Assembly
Hall, 17th and 19th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, Stanford
vs. California, 19th.
Intercollegiate Debate, California
vs. Stanford, San Francisco,26th.
May.
Stanford vs. Washington, debate,
Assembly Hall, 2d.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Jnstruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 2- r >th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement. 28th.
March.
Reception to new Y. M. C. A. ad
visory board, Moran residence,
14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Emma Nevada, Assembly Hall
19th.
Gymnasium Club exhibition, 21st.
Sophomores vs. Ukiah, track meet,
campus, 22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
Intercollegiate tinal debate try
outs, 26th.
Junior Farce, Assembly Hall, 27th.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Interclass track meet, campus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
Dedication Memorial Church, Eas
ter, 3()th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Freshmen vs. Nevada, track, Reno,
sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Varsity vs. California, baseball,
Berkeley, 12th.
Sophomore-Freshman debate, 18th.
Antigone presentations, Assembly
Hall, 17th and 19th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, Stanford
vs. California, 19th.
Intercollegiate Debate, California
vs. Stanford, San Francisco,26th.
May.
Stanford vs. Washington, debate,
Assembly Hall, 2d.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Jnstruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 2- r >th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement. 28th.
March.
Reception to new Y. M. C. A. ad
visory board, Moran residence,
14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Emma Nevada, Assembly Hall
19th.
Gymnasium Club exhibition, 21st.
Sophomores vs. Ukiah, track meet,
campus, 22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
Intercollegiate tinal debate try
outs, 26th.
Junior Farce, Assembly Hall, 27th.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Interclass track meet, campus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
Dedication Memorial Church, Eas
ter, 3()th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Freshmen vs. Nevada, track, Reno,
sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Varsity vs. California, baseball,
Berkeley, 12th.
Sophomore-Freshman debate, 18th.
Antigone presentations, Assembly
Hall, 17th and 19th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, Stanford
vs. California, 19th.
Intercollegiate Debate, California
vs. Stanford, San Francisco,26th.
May.
Stanford vs. Washington, debate,
Assembly Hall, 2d.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Jnstruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 2- r >th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement. 28th.
