# '42 Golf Tourney To Be Held Here
## 
### 
Stanford University golf course
will definitely be the scene of the
1942 Intercollegiate golf champion
ships, Indian Coach Eddie Twiggs
announced today.
Boasting one of the longest and
toughest courses in the United
States, the Stanford layout will be
a worthy test of the mettle of the
collegiate divot-diggers year after
next.
Stanford University golf course
will definitely be the scene of the
1942 Intercollegiate golf champion
ships, Indian Coach Eddie Twiggs
announced today.
Boasting one of the longest and
toughest courses in the United
States, the Stanford layout will be
a worthy test of the mettle of the
collegiate divot-diggers year after
next.
Stanford University golf course
will definitely be the scene of the
1942 Intercollegiate golf champion
ships, Indian Coach Eddie Twiggs
announced today.
Boasting one of the longest and
toughest courses in the United
States, the Stanford layout will be
a worthy test of the mettle of the
collegiate divot-diggers year after
next.
Stanford University golf course
will definitely be the scene of the
1942 Intercollegiate golf champion
ships, Indian Coach Eddie Twiggs
announced today.
Boasting one of the longest and
toughest courses in the United
States, the Stanford layout will be
a worthy test of the mettle of the
collegiate divot-diggers year after
next.
Stanford University golf course
will definitely be the scene of the
1942 Intercollegiate golf champion
ships, Indian Coach Eddie Twiggs
announced today.
Boasting one of the longest and
toughest courses in the United
States, the Stanford layout will be
a worthy test of the mettle of the
collegiate divot-diggers year after
next.
Stanford University golf course
will definitely be the scene of the
1942 Intercollegiate golf champion
ships, Indian Coach Eddie Twiggs
announced today.
Boasting one of the longest and
toughest courses in the United
States, the Stanford layout will be
a worthy test of the mettle of the
collegiate divot-diggers year after
next.
Stanford University golf course
will definitely be the scene of the
1942 Intercollegiate golf champion
ships, Indian Coach Eddie Twiggs
announced today.
Boasting one of the longest and
toughest courses in the United
States, the Stanford layout will be
a worthy test of the mettle of the
collegiate divot-diggers year after
next.
Stanford University golf course
will definitely be the scene of the
1942 Intercollegiate golf champion
ships, Indian Coach Eddie Twiggs
announced today.
Boasting one of the longest and
toughest courses in the United
States, the Stanford layout will be
a worthy test of the mettle of the
collegiate divot-diggers year after
next.
Stanford University golf course
will definitely be the scene of the
1942 Intercollegiate golf champion
ships, Indian Coach Eddie Twiggs
announced today.
Boasting one of the longest and
toughest courses in the United
States, the Stanford layout will be
a worthy test of the mettle of the
collegiate divot-diggers year after
next.
Stanford University golf course
will definitely be the scene of the
1942 Intercollegiate golf champion
ships, Indian Coach Eddie Twiggs
announced today.
Boasting one of the longest and
toughest courses in the United
States, the Stanford layout will be
a worthy test of the mettle of the
collegiate divot-diggers year after
next.
Stanford University golf course
will definitely be the scene of the
1942 Intercollegiate golf champion
ships, Indian Coach Eddie Twiggs
announced today.
Boasting one of the longest and
toughest courses in the United
States, the Stanford layout will be
a worthy test of the mettle of the
collegiate divot-diggers year after
next.
Stanford University golf course
will definitely be the scene of the
1942 Intercollegiate golf champion
ships, Indian Coach Eddie Twiggs
announced today.
Boasting one of the longest and
toughest courses in the United
States, the Stanford layout will be
a worthy test of the mettle of the
collegiate divot-diggers year after
next.
Stanford University golf course
will definitely be the scene of the
1942 Intercollegiate golf champion
ships, Indian Coach Eddie Twiggs
announced today.
Boasting one of the longest and
toughest courses in the United
States, the Stanford layout will be
a worthy test of the mettle of the
collegiate divot-diggers year after
next.
Stanford University golf course
will definitely be the scene of the
1942 Intercollegiate golf champion
ships, Indian Coach Eddie Twiggs
announced today.
Boasting one of the longest and
toughest courses in the United
States, the Stanford layout will be
a worthy test of the mettle of the
collegiate divot-diggers year after
next.
Stanford University golf course
will definitely be the scene of the
1942 Intercollegiate golf champion
ships, Indian Coach Eddie Twiggs
announced today.
Boasting one of the longest and
toughest courses in the United
States, the Stanford layout will be
a worthy test of the mettle of the
collegiate divot-diggers year after
next.
Stanford University golf course
will definitely be the scene of the
1942 Intercollegiate golf champion
ships, Indian Coach Eddie Twiggs
announced today.
Boasting one of the longest and
toughest courses in the United
States, the Stanford layout will be
a worthy test of the mettle of the
collegiate divot-diggers year after
next.
Stanford University golf course
will definitely be the scene of the
1942 Intercollegiate golf champion
ships, Indian Coach Eddie Twiggs
announced today.
Boasting one of the longest and
toughest courses in the United
States, the Stanford layout will be
a worthy test of the mettle of the
collegiate divot-diggers year after
next.
