# Baseball vs. California
## 
### 
TODAY— 2:30 p.m. start at
Berkeley.
SATURDAY — The first pitch will
be thrown at 1 p.m. at Sunken
Diamond.
SUNDAY — The series returns to
Berkeley for the final game,
which starts at 1 p.m.
RADIO —All three games will be
carried live on KZSU Radio (90.1
FM), with Rich Sutton and Jesse
Johannsen doing play-by-play.
STARTERS — Willie Adams will
start for the Cardinal Friday,
while Rick Helling is scheduled
for Saturday, and Sunday Jamie
Sepeda starts off.
TODAY— 2:30 p.m. start at
Berkeley.
SATURDAY — The first pitch will
be thrown at 1 p.m. at Sunken
Diamond.
SUNDAY — The series returns to
Berkeley for the final game,
which starts at 1 p.m.
RADIO —All three games will be
carried live on KZSU Radio (90.1
FM), with Rich Sutton and Jesse
Johannsen doing play-by-play.
STARTERS — Willie Adams will
start for the Cardinal Friday,
while Rick Helling is scheduled
for Saturday, and Sunday Jamie
Sepeda starts off.
TODAY— 2:30 p.m. start at
Berkeley.
SATURDAY — The first pitch will
be thrown at 1 p.m. at Sunken
Diamond.
SUNDAY — The series returns to
Berkeley for the final game,
which starts at 1 p.m.
RADIO —All three games will be
carried live on KZSU Radio (90.1
FM), with Rich Sutton and Jesse
Johannsen doing play-by-play.
STARTERS — Willie Adams will
start for the Cardinal Friday,
while Rick Helling is scheduled
for Saturday, and Sunday Jamie
Sepeda starts off.
TODAY— 2:30 p.m. start at
Berkeley.
SATURDAY — The first pitch will
be thrown at 1 p.m. at Sunken
Diamond.
SUNDAY — The series returns to
Berkeley for the final game,
which starts at 1 p.m.
RADIO —All three games will be
carried live on KZSU Radio (90.1
FM), with Rich Sutton and Jesse
Johannsen doing play-by-play.
STARTERS — Willie Adams will
start for the Cardinal Friday,
while Rick Helling is scheduled
for Saturday, and Sunday Jamie
Sepeda starts off.
TODAY— 2:30 p.m. start at
Berkeley.
SATURDAY — The first pitch will
be thrown at 1 p.m. at Sunken
Diamond.
SUNDAY — The series returns to
Berkeley for the final game,
which starts at 1 p.m.
RADIO —All three games will be
carried live on KZSU Radio (90.1
FM), with Rich Sutton and Jesse
Johannsen doing play-by-play.
STARTERS — Willie Adams will
start for the Cardinal Friday,
while Rick Helling is scheduled
for Saturday, and Sunday Jamie
Sepeda starts off.
TODAY— 2:30 p.m. start at
Berkeley.
SATURDAY — The first pitch will
be thrown at 1 p.m. at Sunken
Diamond.
SUNDAY — The series returns to
Berkeley for the final game,
which starts at 1 p.m.
RADIO —All three games will be
carried live on KZSU Radio (90.1
FM), with Rich Sutton and Jesse
Johannsen doing play-by-play.
STARTERS — Willie Adams will
start for the Cardinal Friday,
while Rick Helling is scheduled
for Saturday, and Sunday Jamie
Sepeda starts off.
TODAY— 2:30 p.m. start at
Berkeley.
SATURDAY — The first pitch will
be thrown at 1 p.m. at Sunken
Diamond.
SUNDAY — The series returns to
Berkeley for the final game,
which starts at 1 p.m.
RADIO —All three games will be
carried live on KZSU Radio (90.1
FM), with Rich Sutton and Jesse
Johannsen doing play-by-play.
STARTERS — Willie Adams will
start for the Cardinal Friday,
while Rick Helling is scheduled
for Saturday, and Sunday Jamie
Sepeda starts off.
