# Gaieties Needs Stage Assistants
## 
### 
Ram's Head 1963 "Gaieties"
lacks shopworkers for construc
tion, reports Paul Kartsky, shop
crew head and Liz Rantz, tech
nical director.
Anyone interested in working
should contact Ihe Ram's Head
Office at DA 1-2300, Ext. 4336.
Activity credit may still be
earned if the required times is
put in and strike is attended.
Anyone interested in stage de
sign or stage carpentry can gain
invaluable experience by work
ing on the "Gaieties." The sot
designs are of professional qual
ity, according to the drama de
partment people who have seen
them, with a large shop crew
it is felt that the maximum can
be derived from these designs.
