# Fraternity Report Shows Grades Up
## 
### 
Scholastic averages of fratern
ity members throughout the na
tion's colleges have shown a con
sistent rise for the past decade
until they now exceed the all
men's averages on a majority of
campuses where fraternities are
located, the National Interfrat
ernity Conference announced re
cently.
The final figures for the acad
emic year, 1961-62, show that the
all-fraternity average exceeded
the all-men's average in 58.1 per
cent of the colleges reporting, ac
cording to an analysis .just re
leased by the National Interfrat
ernity Conference. For the acad
emic term ten years previous
(1952-53), only 40.7 per cent of
the schools reported fraternity
averages above the all-men's
averages.
Till-] REGISTRAR'S Office re
ported that at Stanford the schol
astic average for fraternities still
remains slightly below the all
men's average. For the academic
year 1961-62 the all-men's aver
age at Stanford was 2.59, while
the fraternity average was 2.50.
The fraternities did slightly bet
ter last year with an average of
2.59 against an all-men's average
of 2.64. The Registrar also re
ported that last year eight frat
ernity chapters at Stanford were
on or above the all-men's average
and sixteen fraternity chapters
here were below the all-men's
average.
Inter-Fraternity Council Presi
dent Don Haider commented that
although the fraternity average
is below the all-men's average,
the academic atmosphere in frat
ernities at Stanford is improving.
Haider pointed out that the Inter-
Fraternity Board has dropped its
regulation preventing fraternity
pledges who are more than minus
6 from moving into their houses.
Studies have reported that these
men usually improve their grades
while living in their fraternity.
Scholastic averages of fratern
ity members throughout the na
tion's colleges have shown a con
sistent rise for the past decade
until they now exceed the all
men's averages on a majority of
campuses where fraternities are
located, the National Interfrat
ernity Conference announced re
cently.
The final figures for the acad
emic year, 1961-62, show that the
all-fraternity average exceeded
the all-men's average in 58.1 per
cent of the colleges reporting, ac
cording to an analysis .just re
leased by the National Interfrat
ernity Conference. For the acad
emic term ten years previous
(1952-53), only 40.7 per cent of
the schools reported fraternity
averages above the all-men's
averages.
Till-] REGISTRAR'S Office re
ported that at Stanford the schol
astic average for fraternities still
remains slightly below the all
men's average. For the academic
year 1961-62 the all-men's aver
age at Stanford was 2.59, while
the fraternity average was 2.50.
The fraternities did slightly bet
ter last year with an average of
2.59 against an all-men's average
of 2.64. The Registrar also re
ported that last year eight frat
ernity chapters at Stanford were
on or above the all-men's average
and sixteen fraternity chapters
here were below the all-men's
average.
Inter-Fraternity Council Presi
dent Don Haider commented that
although the fraternity average
is below the all-men's average,
the academic atmosphere in frat
ernities at Stanford is improving.
Haider pointed out that the Inter-
Fraternity Board has dropped its
regulation preventing fraternity
pledges who are more than minus
6 from moving into their houses.
Studies have reported that these
men usually improve their grades
while living in their fraternity.
Scholastic averages of fratern
ity members throughout the na
tion's colleges have shown a con
sistent rise for the past decade
until they now exceed the all
men's averages on a majority of
campuses where fraternities are
located, the National Interfrat
ernity Conference announced re
cently.
The final figures for the acad
emic year, 1961-62, show that the
all-fraternity average exceeded
the all-men's average in 58.1 per
cent of the colleges reporting, ac
cording to an analysis .just re
leased by the National Interfrat
ernity Conference. For the acad
emic term ten years previous
(1952-53), only 40.7 per cent of
the schools reported fraternity
averages above the all-men's
averages.
Till-] REGISTRAR'S Office re
ported that at Stanford the schol
astic average for fraternities still
remains slightly below the all
men's average. For the academic
year 1961-62 the all-men's aver
age at Stanford was 2.59, while
the fraternity average was 2.50.
The fraternities did slightly bet
ter last year with an average of
2.59 against an all-men's average
of 2.64. The Registrar also re
ported that last year eight frat
ernity chapters at Stanford were
on or above the all-men's average
and sixteen fraternity chapters
here were below the all-men's
average.
Inter-Fraternity Council Presi
dent Don Haider commented that
although the fraternity average
is below the all-men's average,
the academic atmosphere in frat
ernities at Stanford is improving.
Haider pointed out that the Inter-
Fraternity Board has dropped its
regulation preventing fraternity
pledges who are more than minus
6 from moving into their houses.
Studies have reported that these
men usually improve their grades
while living in their fraternity.
Scholastic averages of fratern
ity members throughout the na
tion's colleges have shown a con
sistent rise for the past decade
until they now exceed the all
men's averages on a majority of
campuses where fraternities are
located, the National Interfrat
ernity Conference announced re
cently.
The final figures for the acad
emic year, 1961-62, show that the
all-fraternity average exceeded
the all-men's average in 58.1 per
cent of the colleges reporting, ac
cording to an analysis .just re
leased by the National Interfrat
ernity Conference. For the acad
emic term ten years previous
(1952-53), only 40.7 per cent of
the schools reported fraternity
averages above the all-men's
averages.
Till-] REGISTRAR'S Office re
ported that at Stanford the schol
astic average for fraternities still
remains slightly below the all
men's average. For the academic
year 1961-62 the all-men's aver
age at Stanford was 2.59, while
the fraternity average was 2.50.
The fraternities did slightly bet
ter last year with an average of
2.59 against an all-men's average
of 2.64. The Registrar also re
ported that last year eight frat
ernity chapters at Stanford were
on or above the all-men's average
and sixteen fraternity chapters
here were below the all-men's
average.
Inter-Fraternity Council Presi
dent Don Haider commented that
although the fraternity average
is below the all-men's average,
the academic atmosphere in frat
ernities at Stanford is improving.
Haider pointed out that the Inter-
Fraternity Board has dropped its
regulation preventing fraternity
pledges who are more than minus
6 from moving into their houses.
Studies have reported that these
men usually improve their grades
while living in their fraternity.
Scholastic averages of fratern
ity members throughout the na
tion's colleges have shown a con
sistent rise for the past decade
until they now exceed the all
men's averages on a majority of
campuses where fraternities are
located, the National Interfrat
ernity Conference announced re
cently.
The final figures for the acad
emic year, 1961-62, show that the
all-fraternity average exceeded
the all-men's average in 58.1 per
cent of the colleges reporting, ac
cording to an analysis .just re
leased by the National Interfrat
ernity Conference. For the acad
emic term ten years previous
(1952-53), only 40.7 per cent of
the schools reported fraternity
averages above the all-men's
averages.
Till-] REGISTRAR'S Office re
ported that at Stanford the schol
astic average for fraternities still
remains slightly below the all
men's average. For the academic
year 1961-62 the all-men's aver
age at Stanford was 2.59, while
the fraternity average was 2.50.
The fraternities did slightly bet
ter last year with an average of
2.59 against an all-men's average
of 2.64. The Registrar also re
ported that last year eight frat
ernity chapters at Stanford were
on or above the all-men's average
and sixteen fraternity chapters
here were below the all-men's
average.
Inter-Fraternity Council Presi
dent Don Haider commented that
although the fraternity average
is below the all-men's average,
the academic atmosphere in frat
ernities at Stanford is improving.
Haider pointed out that the Inter-
Fraternity Board has dropped its
regulation preventing fraternity
pledges who are more than minus
6 from moving into their houses.
Studies have reported that these
men usually improve their grades
while living in their fraternity.
Scholastic averages of fratern
ity members throughout the na
tion's colleges have shown a con
sistent rise for the past decade
until they now exceed the all
men's averages on a majority of
campuses where fraternities are
located, the National Interfrat
ernity Conference announced re
cently.
The final figures for the acad
emic year, 1961-62, show that the
all-fraternity average exceeded
the all-men's average in 58.1 per
cent of the colleges reporting, ac
cording to an analysis .just re
leased by the National Interfrat
ernity Conference. For the acad
emic term ten years previous
(1952-53), only 40.7 per cent of
the schools reported fraternity
averages above the all-men's
averages.
Till-] REGISTRAR'S Office re
ported that at Stanford the schol
astic average for fraternities still
remains slightly below the all
men's average. For the academic
year 1961-62 the all-men's aver
age at Stanford was 2.59, while
the fraternity average was 2.50.
The fraternities did slightly bet
ter last year with an average of
2.59 against an all-men's average
of 2.64. The Registrar also re
ported that last year eight frat
ernity chapters at Stanford were
on or above the all-men's average
and sixteen fraternity chapters
here were below the all-men's
average.
Inter-Fraternity Council Presi
dent Don Haider commented that
although the fraternity average
is below the all-men's average,
the academic atmosphere in frat
ernities at Stanford is improving.
Haider pointed out that the Inter-
Fraternity Board has dropped its
regulation preventing fraternity
pledges who are more than minus
6 from moving into their houses.
Studies have reported that these
men usually improve their grades
while living in their fraternity.
Scholastic averages of fratern
ity members throughout the na
tion's colleges have shown a con
sistent rise for the past decade
until they now exceed the all
men's averages on a majority of
campuses where fraternities are
located, the National Interfrat
ernity Conference announced re
cently.
The final figures for the acad
emic year, 1961-62, show that the
all-fraternity average exceeded
the all-men's average in 58.1 per
cent of the colleges reporting, ac
cording to an analysis .just re
leased by the National Interfrat
ernity Conference. For the acad
emic term ten years previous
(1952-53), only 40.7 per cent of
the schools reported fraternity
averages above the all-men's
averages.
Till-] REGISTRAR'S Office re
ported that at Stanford the schol
astic average for fraternities still
remains slightly below the all
men's average. For the academic
year 1961-62 the all-men's aver
age at Stanford was 2.59, while
the fraternity average was 2.50.
The fraternities did slightly bet
ter last year with an average of
2.59 against an all-men's average
of 2.64. The Registrar also re
ported that last year eight frat
ernity chapters at Stanford were
on or above the all-men's average
and sixteen fraternity chapters
here were below the all-men's
average.
Inter-Fraternity Council Presi
dent Don Haider commented that
although the fraternity average
is below the all-men's average,
the academic atmosphere in frat
ernities at Stanford is improving.
Haider pointed out that the Inter-
Fraternity Board has dropped its
regulation preventing fraternity
pledges who are more than minus
6 from moving into their houses.
Studies have reported that these
men usually improve their grades
while living in their fraternity.
Scholastic averages of fratern
ity members throughout the na
tion's colleges have shown a con
sistent rise for the past decade
until they now exceed the all
men's averages on a majority of
campuses where fraternities are
located, the National Interfrat
ernity Conference announced re
cently.
The final figures for the acad
emic year, 1961-62, show that the
all-fraternity average exceeded
the all-men's average in 58.1 per
cent of the colleges reporting, ac
cording to an analysis .just re
leased by the National Interfrat
ernity Conference. For the acad
emic term ten years previous
(1952-53), only 40.7 per cent of
the schools reported fraternity
averages above the all-men's
averages.
Till-] REGISTRAR'S Office re
ported that at Stanford the schol
astic average for fraternities still
remains slightly below the all
men's average. For the academic
year 1961-62 the all-men's aver
age at Stanford was 2.59, while
the fraternity average was 2.50.
The fraternities did slightly bet
ter last year with an average of
2.59 against an all-men's average
of 2.64. The Registrar also re
ported that last year eight frat
ernity chapters at Stanford were
on or above the all-men's average
and sixteen fraternity chapters
here were below the all-men's
average.
Inter-Fraternity Council Presi
dent Don Haider commented that
although the fraternity average
is below the all-men's average,
the academic atmosphere in frat
ernities at Stanford is improving.
Haider pointed out that the Inter-
Fraternity Board has dropped its
regulation preventing fraternity
pledges who are more than minus
6 from moving into their houses.
Studies have reported that these
men usually improve their grades
while living in their fraternity.
Scholastic averages of fratern
ity members throughout the na
tion's colleges have shown a con
sistent rise for the past decade
until they now exceed the all
men's averages on a majority of
campuses where fraternities are
located, the National Interfrat
ernity Conference announced re
cently.
The final figures for the acad
emic year, 1961-62, show that the
all-fraternity average exceeded
the all-men's average in 58.1 per
cent of the colleges reporting, ac
cording to an analysis .just re
leased by the National Interfrat
ernity Conference. For the acad
emic term ten years previous
(1952-53), only 40.7 per cent of
the schools reported fraternity
averages above the all-men's
averages.
Till-] REGISTRAR'S Office re
ported that at Stanford the schol
astic average for fraternities still
remains slightly below the all
men's average. For the academic
year 1961-62 the all-men's aver
age at Stanford was 2.59, while
the fraternity average was 2.50.
The fraternities did slightly bet
ter last year with an average of
2.59 against an all-men's average
of 2.64. The Registrar also re
ported that last year eight frat
ernity chapters at Stanford were
on or above the all-men's average
and sixteen fraternity chapters
here were below the all-men's
average.
Inter-Fraternity Council Presi
dent Don Haider commented that
although the fraternity average
is below the all-men's average,
the academic atmosphere in frat
ernities at Stanford is improving.
Haider pointed out that the Inter-
Fraternity Board has dropped its
regulation preventing fraternity
pledges who are more than minus
6 from moving into their houses.
Studies have reported that these
men usually improve their grades
while living in their fraternity.
Scholastic averages of fratern
ity members throughout the na
tion's colleges have shown a con
sistent rise for the past decade
until they now exceed the all
men's averages on a majority of
campuses where fraternities are
located, the National Interfrat
ernity Conference announced re
cently.
The final figures for the acad
emic year, 1961-62, show that the
all-fraternity average exceeded
the all-men's average in 58.1 per
cent of the colleges reporting, ac
cording to an analysis .just re
leased by the National Interfrat
ernity Conference. For the acad
emic term ten years previous
(1952-53), only 40.7 per cent of
the schools reported fraternity
averages above the all-men's
averages.
Till-] REGISTRAR'S Office re
ported that at Stanford the schol
astic average for fraternities still
remains slightly below the all
men's average. For the academic
year 1961-62 the all-men's aver
age at Stanford was 2.59, while
the fraternity average was 2.50.
The fraternities did slightly bet
ter last year with an average of
2.59 against an all-men's average
of 2.64. The Registrar also re
ported that last year eight frat
ernity chapters at Stanford were
on or above the all-men's average
and sixteen fraternity chapters
here were below the all-men's
average.
Inter-Fraternity Council Presi
dent Don Haider commented that
although the fraternity average
is below the all-men's average,
the academic atmosphere in frat
ernities at Stanford is improving.
Haider pointed out that the Inter-
Fraternity Board has dropped its
regulation preventing fraternity
pledges who are more than minus
6 from moving into their houses.
Studies have reported that these
men usually improve their grades
while living in their fraternity.
Scholastic averages of fratern
ity members throughout the na
tion's colleges have shown a con
sistent rise for the past decade
until they now exceed the all
men's averages on a majority of
campuses where fraternities are
located, the National Interfrat
ernity Conference announced re
cently.
The final figures for the acad
emic year, 1961-62, show that the
all-fraternity average exceeded
the all-men's average in 58.1 per
cent of the colleges reporting, ac
cording to an analysis .just re
leased by the National Interfrat
ernity Conference. For the acad
emic term ten years previous
(1952-53), only 40.7 per cent of
the schools reported fraternity
averages above the all-men's
averages.
Till-] REGISTRAR'S Office re
ported that at Stanford the schol
astic average for fraternities still
remains slightly below the all
men's average. For the academic
year 1961-62 the all-men's aver
age at Stanford was 2.59, while
the fraternity average was 2.50.
The fraternities did slightly bet
ter last year with an average of
2.59 against an all-men's average
of 2.64. The Registrar also re
ported that last year eight frat
ernity chapters at Stanford were
on or above the all-men's average
and sixteen fraternity chapters
here were below the all-men's
average.
Inter-Fraternity Council Presi
dent Don Haider commented that
although the fraternity average
is below the all-men's average,
the academic atmosphere in frat
ernities at Stanford is improving.
Haider pointed out that the Inter-
Fraternity Board has dropped its
regulation preventing fraternity
pledges who are more than minus
6 from moving into their houses.
Studies have reported that these
men usually improve their grades
while living in their fraternity.
Scholastic averages of fratern
ity members throughout the na
tion's colleges have shown a con
sistent rise for the past decade
until they now exceed the all
men's averages on a majority of
campuses where fraternities are
located, the National Interfrat
ernity Conference announced re
cently.
The final figures for the acad
emic year, 1961-62, show that the
all-fraternity average exceeded
the all-men's average in 58.1 per
cent of the colleges reporting, ac
cording to an analysis .just re
leased by the National Interfrat
ernity Conference. For the acad
emic term ten years previous
(1952-53), only 40.7 per cent of
the schools reported fraternity
averages above the all-men's
averages.
Till-] REGISTRAR'S Office re
ported that at Stanford the schol
astic average for fraternities still
remains slightly below the all
men's average. For the academic
year 1961-62 the all-men's aver
age at Stanford was 2.59, while
the fraternity average was 2.50.
The fraternities did slightly bet
ter last year with an average of
2.59 against an all-men's average
of 2.64. The Registrar also re
ported that last year eight frat
ernity chapters at Stanford were
on or above the all-men's average
and sixteen fraternity chapters
here were below the all-men's
average.
Inter-Fraternity Council Presi
dent Don Haider commented that
although the fraternity average
is below the all-men's average,
the academic atmosphere in frat
ernities at Stanford is improving.
Haider pointed out that the Inter-
Fraternity Board has dropped its
regulation preventing fraternity
pledges who are more than minus
6 from moving into their houses.
Studies have reported that these
men usually improve their grades
while living in their fraternity.
Scholastic averages of fratern
ity members throughout the na
tion's colleges have shown a con
sistent rise for the past decade
until they now exceed the all
men's averages on a majority of
campuses where fraternities are
located, the National Interfrat
ernity Conference announced re
cently.
The final figures for the acad
emic year, 1961-62, show that the
all-fraternity average exceeded
the all-men's average in 58.1 per
cent of the colleges reporting, ac
cording to an analysis .just re
leased by the National Interfrat
ernity Conference. For the acad
emic term ten years previous
(1952-53), only 40.7 per cent of
the schools reported fraternity
averages above the all-men's
averages.
Till-] REGISTRAR'S Office re
ported that at Stanford the schol
astic average for fraternities still
remains slightly below the all
men's average. For the academic
year 1961-62 the all-men's aver
age at Stanford was 2.59, while
the fraternity average was 2.50.
The fraternities did slightly bet
ter last year with an average of
2.59 against an all-men's average
of 2.64. The Registrar also re
ported that last year eight frat
ernity chapters at Stanford were
on or above the all-men's average
and sixteen fraternity chapters
here were below the all-men's
average.
Inter-Fraternity Council Presi
dent Don Haider commented that
although the fraternity average
is below the all-men's average,
the academic atmosphere in frat
ernities at Stanford is improving.
Haider pointed out that the Inter-
Fraternity Board has dropped its
regulation preventing fraternity
pledges who are more than minus
6 from moving into their houses.
Studies have reported that these
men usually improve their grades
while living in their fraternity.
Scholastic averages of fratern
ity members throughout the na
tion's colleges have shown a con
sistent rise for the past decade
until they now exceed the all
men's averages on a majority of
campuses where fraternities are
located, the National Interfrat
ernity Conference announced re
cently.
The final figures for the acad
emic year, 1961-62, show that the
all-fraternity average exceeded
the all-men's average in 58.1 per
cent of the colleges reporting, ac
cording to an analysis .just re
leased by the National Interfrat
ernity Conference. For the acad
emic term ten years previous
(1952-53), only 40.7 per cent of
the schools reported fraternity
averages above the all-men's
averages.
Till-] REGISTRAR'S Office re
ported that at Stanford the schol
astic average for fraternities still
remains slightly below the all
men's average. For the academic
year 1961-62 the all-men's aver
age at Stanford was 2.59, while
the fraternity average was 2.50.
The fraternities did slightly bet
ter last year with an average of
2.59 against an all-men's average
of 2.64. The Registrar also re
ported that last year eight frat
ernity chapters at Stanford were
on or above the all-men's average
and sixteen fraternity chapters
here were below the all-men's
average.
Inter-Fraternity Council Presi
dent Don Haider commented that
although the fraternity average
is below the all-men's average,
the academic atmosphere in frat
ernities at Stanford is improving.
Haider pointed out that the Inter-
Fraternity Board has dropped its
regulation preventing fraternity
pledges who are more than minus
6 from moving into their houses.
Studies have reported that these
men usually improve their grades
while living in their fraternity.
Scholastic averages of fratern
ity members throughout the na
tion's colleges have shown a con
sistent rise for the past decade
until they now exceed the all
men's averages on a majority of
campuses where fraternities are
located, the National Interfrat
ernity Conference announced re
cently.
The final figures for the acad
emic year, 1961-62, show that the
all-fraternity average exceeded
the all-men's average in 58.1 per
cent of the colleges reporting, ac
cording to an analysis .just re
leased by the National Interfrat
ernity Conference. For the acad
emic term ten years previous
(1952-53), only 40.7 per cent of
the schools reported fraternity
averages above the all-men's
averages.
Till-] REGISTRAR'S Office re
ported that at Stanford the schol
astic average for fraternities still
remains slightly below the all
men's average. For the academic
year 1961-62 the all-men's aver
age at Stanford was 2.59, while
the fraternity average was 2.50.
The fraternities did slightly bet
ter last year with an average of
2.59 against an all-men's average
of 2.64. The Registrar also re
ported that last year eight frat
ernity chapters at Stanford were
on or above the all-men's average
and sixteen fraternity chapters
here were below the all-men's
average.
Inter-Fraternity Council Presi
dent Don Haider commented that
although the fraternity average
is below the all-men's average,
the academic atmosphere in frat
ernities at Stanford is improving.
Haider pointed out that the Inter-
Fraternity Board has dropped its
regulation preventing fraternity
pledges who are more than minus
6 from moving into their houses.
Studies have reported that these
men usually improve their grades
while living in their fraternity.
Scholastic averages of fratern
ity members throughout the na
tion's colleges have shown a con
sistent rise for the past decade
until they now exceed the all
men's averages on a majority of
campuses where fraternities are
located, the National Interfrat
ernity Conference announced re
cently.
The final figures for the acad
emic year, 1961-62, show that the
all-fraternity average exceeded
the all-men's average in 58.1 per
cent of the colleges reporting, ac
cording to an analysis .just re
leased by the National Interfrat
ernity Conference. For the acad
emic term ten years previous
(1952-53), only 40.7 per cent of
the schools reported fraternity
averages above the all-men's
averages.
Till-] REGISTRAR'S Office re
ported that at Stanford the schol
astic average for fraternities still
remains slightly below the all
men's average. For the academic
year 1961-62 the all-men's aver
age at Stanford was 2.59, while
the fraternity average was 2.50.
The fraternities did slightly bet
ter last year with an average of
2.59 against an all-men's average
of 2.64. The Registrar also re
ported that last year eight frat
ernity chapters at Stanford were
on or above the all-men's average
and sixteen fraternity chapters
here were below the all-men's
average.
Inter-Fraternity Council Presi
dent Don Haider commented that
although the fraternity average
is below the all-men's average,
the academic atmosphere in frat
ernities at Stanford is improving.
Haider pointed out that the Inter-
Fraternity Board has dropped its
regulation preventing fraternity
pledges who are more than minus
6 from moving into their houses.
Studies have reported that these
men usually improve their grades
while living in their fraternity.
Scholastic averages of fratern
ity members throughout the na
tion's colleges have shown a con
sistent rise for the past decade
until they now exceed the all
men's averages on a majority of
campuses where fraternities are
located, the National Interfrat
ernity Conference announced re
cently.
The final figures for the acad
emic year, 1961-62, show that the
all-fraternity average exceeded
the all-men's average in 58.1 per
cent of the colleges reporting, ac
cording to an analysis .just re
leased by the National Interfrat
ernity Conference. For the acad
emic term ten years previous
(1952-53), only 40.7 per cent of
the schools reported fraternity
averages above the all-men's
averages.
Till-] REGISTRAR'S Office re
ported that at Stanford the schol
astic average for fraternities still
remains slightly below the all
men's average. For the academic
year 1961-62 the all-men's aver
age at Stanford was 2.59, while
the fraternity average was 2.50.
The fraternities did slightly bet
ter last year with an average of
2.59 against an all-men's average
of 2.64. The Registrar also re
ported that last year eight frat
ernity chapters at Stanford were
on or above the all-men's average
and sixteen fraternity chapters
here were below the all-men's
average.
Inter-Fraternity Council Presi
dent Don Haider commented that
although the fraternity average
is below the all-men's average,
the academic atmosphere in frat
ernities at Stanford is improving.
Haider pointed out that the Inter-
Fraternity Board has dropped its
regulation preventing fraternity
pledges who are more than minus
6 from moving into their houses.
Studies have reported that these
men usually improve their grades
while living in their fraternity.
