# Quad Pictures Being Taken
## 
### 
Quad makeup pictures for
freshmen, sophomores, and jun
iors only will be taken today
and tomorrow from 9-12 and 1-5
at the Quad Office. Photog
rapher's fee is .$2.25 and dress
is coat and tie.
Quad makeup pictures for
freshmen, sophomores, and jun
iors only will be taken today
and tomorrow from 9-12 and 1-5
at the Quad Office. Photog
rapher's fee is .$2.25 and dress
is coat and tie.
Quad makeup pictures for
freshmen, sophomores, and jun
iors only will be taken today
and tomorrow from 9-12 and 1-5
at the Quad Office. Photog
rapher's fee is .$2.25 and dress
is coat and tie.
Quad makeup pictures for
freshmen, sophomores, and jun
iors only will be taken today
and tomorrow from 9-12 and 1-5
at the Quad Office. Photog
rapher's fee is .$2.25 and dress
is coat and tie.
Quad makeup pictures for
freshmen, sophomores, and jun
iors only will be taken today
and tomorrow from 9-12 and 1-5
at the Quad Office. Photog
rapher's fee is .$2.25 and dress
is coat and tie.
Quad makeup pictures for
freshmen, sophomores, and jun
iors only will be taken today
and tomorrow from 9-12 and 1-5
at the Quad Office. Photog
rapher's fee is .$2.25 and dress
is coat and tie.
Quad makeup pictures for
freshmen, sophomores, and jun
iors only will be taken today
and tomorrow from 9-12 and 1-5
at the Quad Office. Photog
rapher's fee is .$2.25 and dress
is coat and tie.
Quad makeup pictures for
freshmen, sophomores, and jun
iors only will be taken today
and tomorrow from 9-12 and 1-5
at the Quad Office. Photog
rapher's fee is .$2.25 and dress
is coat and tie.
Quad makeup pictures for
freshmen, sophomores, and jun
iors only will be taken today
and tomorrow from 9-12 and 1-5
at the Quad Office. Photog
rapher's fee is .$2.25 and dress
is coat and tie.
Quad makeup pictures for
freshmen, sophomores, and jun
iors only will be taken today
and tomorrow from 9-12 and 1-5
at the Quad Office. Photog
rapher's fee is .$2.25 and dress
is coat and tie.
Quad makeup pictures for
freshmen, sophomores, and jun
iors only will be taken today
and tomorrow from 9-12 and 1-5
at the Quad Office. Photog
rapher's fee is .$2.25 and dress
is coat and tie.
Quad makeup pictures for
freshmen, sophomores, and jun
iors only will be taken today
and tomorrow from 9-12 and 1-5
at the Quad Office. Photog
rapher's fee is .$2.25 and dress
is coat and tie.
Quad makeup pictures for
freshmen, sophomores, and jun
iors only will be taken today
and tomorrow from 9-12 and 1-5
at the Quad Office. Photog
rapher's fee is .$2.25 and dress
is coat and tie.
Quad makeup pictures for
freshmen, sophomores, and jun
iors only will be taken today
and tomorrow from 9-12 and 1-5
at the Quad Office. Photog
rapher's fee is .$2.25 and dress
is coat and tie.
Quad makeup pictures for
freshmen, sophomores, and jun
iors only will be taken today
and tomorrow from 9-12 and 1-5
at the Quad Office. Photog
rapher's fee is .$2.25 and dress
is coat and tie.
Quad makeup pictures for
freshmen, sophomores, and jun
iors only will be taken today
and tomorrow from 9-12 and 1-5
at the Quad Office. Photog
rapher's fee is .$2.25 and dress
is coat and tie.
Quad makeup pictures for
freshmen, sophomores, and jun
iors only will be taken today
and tomorrow from 9-12 and 1-5
at the Quad Office. Photog
rapher's fee is .$2.25 and dress
is coat and tie.
