# Encina Club Opening.
## 
### 
With the opening of the Encina
club-room, the activity of the com
mittees appointed lias been un
ceasing. The Board of Trustees of
the Club held a meeting last even
ing and transacted some very im
portant business.
Up(. n recommendation of the en
tertainment committee, consisting
of Ralph Arnold, '99, C. M. Man
non, '98. Harry Weil, '01, W. H.
Irwin,'9B, and C. D. Ray, '00, it
was decided to give a reception to
the men of the University next
Tuesday evening, each room in the
Hall to be allowed the privilege of
inviting three friends. The total
number of invitations to be issued
will be about two hundred. The
program has not been definitely de
cided upon, but it will include mu
sic, songs, and recitations, in addi
tion to dancing and a few bouts of
boxing.
The trustees voted $25 for the
purchase of magazines on the
recommendation of the committee
on literature. About ten of the
leading magazines have already
been contributed, and the exchange
lists of the Daily Palo Alto and
the Sequoia have been turned over
to the committee, and from them
them the leading dailies and liter
arv publications of the colleges
will be selected for the reading
room. The morning and evening
papers of San Francisco and the
U. C. papers will be placed in the
room at once.
The Board of Trustees conferred

yesterday with President Jordan
with a view to ascertaining the
powers and status of the organiza
tion, reaching a very satisfactory
conclusion. The opening of the
club-room was designed primarily
for the Encina men, and they are
to have full control. Visitors from
the outside are the guests of the
Encina men and should conduct
themselves as such, observing (he
rules of the club. Some regula
tions will probably be made very
soon in this connection. The club
room is in a sense the parlor of
Encina, and so it should he treated
by visitors.
With the opening of the Encina
club-room, the activity of the com
mittees appointed lias been un
ceasing. The Board of Trustees of
the Club held a meeting last even
ing and transacted some very im
portant business.
Up(. n recommendation of the en
tertainment committee, consisting
of Ralph Arnold, '99, C. M. Man
non, '98. Harry Weil, '01, W. H.
Irwin,'9B, and C. D. Ray, '00, it
was decided to give a reception to
the men of the University next
Tuesday evening, each room in the
Hall to be allowed the privilege of
inviting three friends. The total
number of invitations to be issued
will be about two hundred. The
program has not been definitely de
cided upon, but it will include mu
sic, songs, and recitations, in addi
tion to dancing and a few bouts of
boxing.
The trustees voted $25 for the
purchase of magazines on the
recommendation of the committee
on literature. About ten of the
leading magazines have already
been contributed, and the exchange
lists of the Daily Palo Alto and
the Sequoia have been turned over
to the committee, and from them
them the leading dailies and liter
arv publications of the colleges
will be selected for the reading
room. The morning and evening
papers of San Francisco and the
U. C. papers will be placed in the
room at once.
The Board of Trustees conferred

yesterday with President Jordan
with a view to ascertaining the
powers and status of the organiza
tion, reaching a very satisfactory
conclusion. The opening of the
club-room was designed primarily
for the Encina men, and they are
to have full control. Visitors from
the outside are the guests of the
Encina men and should conduct
themselves as such, observing (he
rules of the club. Some regula
tions will probably be made very
soon in this connection. The club
room is in a sense the parlor of
Encina, and so it should he treated
by visitors.
With the opening of the Encina
club-room, the activity of the com
mittees appointed lias been un
ceasing. The Board of Trustees of
the Club held a meeting last even
ing and transacted some very im
portant business.
Up(. n recommendation of the en
tertainment committee, consisting
of Ralph Arnold, '99, C. M. Man
non, '98. Harry Weil, '01, W. H.
Irwin,'9B, and C. D. Ray, '00, it
was decided to give a reception to
the men of the University next
Tuesday evening, each room in the
Hall to be allowed the privilege of
inviting three friends. The total
number of invitations to be issued
will be about two hundred. The
program has not been definitely de
cided upon, but it will include mu
sic, songs, and recitations, in addi
tion to dancing and a few bouts of
boxing.
The trustees voted $25 for the
purchase of magazines on the
recommendation of the committee
on literature. About ten of the
leading magazines have already
been contributed, and the exchange
lists of the Daily Palo Alto and
the Sequoia have been turned over
to the committee, and from them
them the leading dailies and liter
arv publications of the colleges
will be selected for the reading
room. The morning and evening
papers of San Francisco and the
U. C. papers will be placed in the
room at once.
The Board of Trustees conferred

yesterday with President Jordan
with a view to ascertaining the
powers and status of the organiza
tion, reaching a very satisfactory
conclusion. The opening of the
club-room was designed primarily
for the Encina men, and they are
to have full control. Visitors from
the outside are the guests of the
Encina men and should conduct
themselves as such, observing (he
rules of the club. Some regula
tions will probably be made very
soon in this connection. The club
room is in a sense the parlor of
Encina, and so it should he treated
by visitors.
With the opening of the Encina
club-room, the activity of the com
mittees appointed lias been un
ceasing. The Board of Trustees of
the Club held a meeting last even
ing and transacted some very im
portant business.
Up(. n recommendation of the en
tertainment committee, consisting
of Ralph Arnold, '99, C. M. Man
non, '98. Harry Weil, '01, W. H.
Irwin,'9B, and C. D. Ray, '00, it
was decided to give a reception to
the men of the University next
Tuesday evening, each room in the
Hall to be allowed the privilege of
inviting three friends. The total
number of invitations to be issued
will be about two hundred. The
program has not been definitely de
cided upon, but it will include mu
sic, songs, and recitations, in addi
tion to dancing and a few bouts of
boxing.
The trustees voted $25 for the
purchase of magazines on the
recommendation of the committee
on literature. About ten of the
leading magazines have already
been contributed, and the exchange
lists of the Daily Palo Alto and
the Sequoia have been turned over
to the committee, and from them
them the leading dailies and liter
arv publications of the colleges
will be selected for the reading
room. The morning and evening
papers of San Francisco and the
U. C. papers will be placed in the
room at once.
The Board of Trustees conferred

yesterday with President Jordan
with a view to ascertaining the
powers and status of the organiza
tion, reaching a very satisfactory
conclusion. The opening of the
club-room was designed primarily
for the Encina men, and they are
to have full control. Visitors from
the outside are the guests of the
Encina men and should conduct
themselves as such, observing (he
rules of the club. Some regula
tions will probably be made very
soon in this connection. The club
room is in a sense the parlor of
Encina, and so it should he treated
by visitors.
With the opening of the Encina
club-room, the activity of the com
mittees appointed lias been un
ceasing. The Board of Trustees of
the Club held a meeting last even
ing and transacted some very im
portant business.
Up(. n recommendation of the en
tertainment committee, consisting
of Ralph Arnold, '99, C. M. Man
non, '98. Harry Weil, '01, W. H.
Irwin,'9B, and C. D. Ray, '00, it
was decided to give a reception to
the men of the University next
Tuesday evening, each room in the
Hall to be allowed the privilege of
inviting three friends. The total
number of invitations to be issued
will be about two hundred. The
program has not been definitely de
cided upon, but it will include mu
sic, songs, and recitations, in addi
tion to dancing and a few bouts of
boxing.
The trustees voted $25 for the
purchase of magazines on the
recommendation of the committee
on literature. About ten of the
leading magazines have already
been contributed, and the exchange
lists of the Daily Palo Alto and
the Sequoia have been turned over
to the committee, and from them
them the leading dailies and liter
arv publications of the colleges
will be selected for the reading
room. The morning and evening
papers of San Francisco and the
U. C. papers will be placed in the
room at once.
The Board of Trustees conferred

yesterday with President Jordan
with a view to ascertaining the
powers and status of the organiza
tion, reaching a very satisfactory
conclusion. The opening of the
club-room was designed primarily
for the Encina men, and they are
to have full control. Visitors from
the outside are the guests of the
Encina men and should conduct
themselves as such, observing (he
rules of the club. Some regula
tions will probably be made very
soon in this connection. The club
room is in a sense the parlor of
Encina, and so it should he treated
by visitors.
