# Adv. 8 Page 5
## 
### 
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building.
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building.
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building.
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building.
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building.
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building.
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building.
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building.
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building.
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building.
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building.
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building.
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building.
