# VENETIANS ARE TO RESET THE DEMOLISHED MOSAICS
## Art Work on Memorial Church Will Be Replaced by Contractors From Original Plans. 
### 
From far-away Italy will come the
mosaics and the artisans to replace
the gorgeous decorations in the re
built Stanford Memorial Church. The
contract for the work has been let by
the Hoard of Trustees to the Salvatti
Company, of Venice. This firm did
the work when the church was first
erected.
M. Camerino, a Venetian mosaic
artist who designated and superin
tended the placing of the original pic
tures. left recently for his home after
arranging the details attendant upon
the securing of the contract. The cost
of the work is $80,000. Camerino and
his assistants did the same work be
fore on the Chapel, and have the
original plans. It took them four
months to perfect these designs. They
will be used again, as the mosaic work
is to be a duplicate of the original in
every respect.
It will take between three and four
years to finish the work. The mosaics
are in glass and a long process is
involved in the making and coloring.
The first shipment will arrive here in
about a year by way of New York.
Subsequent shipments are to be sent
direct to San Francisco through the
Panama Canal.

The famous picture, "The Sermon
on the Mount," will be replaced in its
original beauty in the facade of the
Chapel. This was one of the beauty
spots of the University and was known
the world over. It was the only re
production of the picture in mosaic in
existence.
World-Famous Mosaics.
"The Last Supper," "The Creation,"
both Italian masterpieces, will be rep
resented on the inside. Other repro
ductions of paintings, together with
the figures of the Apostles, are in
cluded in the interior decorations.
Camerino, the agent of the Italian
firm, who was here last week, assisted
Mrs. Jane Stanford in finding the de
signs she wanted for the chapel. She
spent months in Italy working on the
subject. Five years were required to
complete the original work on the
mosaics.
The McGilvray Company, which re
placed the stone work, has completed
its labors. The walls are now, to all
outward appearances, exactly as they
stood before the earthquake of 1906.
The massive edifice is now in the
hands of the carpenters. Work on re
placing the roof has already been
started.

From far-away Italy will come the
mosaics and the artisans to replace
the gorgeous decorations in the re
built Stanford Memorial Church. The
contract for the work has been let by
the Hoard of Trustees to the Salvatti
Company, of Venice. This firm did
the work when the church was first
erected.
M. Camerino, a Venetian mosaic
artist who designated and superin
tended the placing of the original pic
tures. left recently for his home after
arranging the details attendant upon
the securing of the contract. The cost
of the work is $80,000. Camerino and
his assistants did the same work be
fore on the Chapel, and have the
original plans. It took them four
months to perfect these designs. They
will be used again, as the mosaic work
is to be a duplicate of the original in
every respect.
It will take between three and four
years to finish the work. The mosaics
are in glass and a long process is
involved in the making and coloring.
The first shipment will arrive here in
about a year by way of New York.
Subsequent shipments are to be sent
direct to San Francisco through the
Panama Canal.

The famous picture, "The Sermon
on the Mount," will be replaced in its
original beauty in the facade of the
Chapel. This was one of the beauty
spots of the University and was known
the world over. It was the only re
production of the picture in mosaic in
existence.
World-Famous Mosaics.
"The Last Supper," "The Creation,"
both Italian masterpieces, will be rep
resented on the inside. Other repro
ductions of paintings, together with
the figures of the Apostles, are in
cluded in the interior decorations.
Camerino, the agent of the Italian
firm, who was here last week, assisted
Mrs. Jane Stanford in finding the de
signs she wanted for the chapel. She
spent months in Italy working on the
subject. Five years were required to
complete the original work on the
mosaics.
The McGilvray Company, which re
placed the stone work, has completed
its labors. The walls are now, to all
outward appearances, exactly as they
stood before the earthquake of 1906.
The massive edifice is now in the
hands of the carpenters. Work on re
placing the roof has already been
started.

From far-away Italy will come the
mosaics and the artisans to replace
the gorgeous decorations in the re
built Stanford Memorial Church. The
contract for the work has been let by
the Hoard of Trustees to the Salvatti
Company, of Venice. This firm did
the work when the church was first
erected.
M. Camerino, a Venetian mosaic
artist who designated and superin
tended the placing of the original pic
tures. left recently for his home after
arranging the details attendant upon
the securing of the contract. The cost
of the work is $80,000. Camerino and
his assistants did the same work be
fore on the Chapel, and have the
original plans. It took them four
months to perfect these designs. They
will be used again, as the mosaic work
is to be a duplicate of the original in
every respect.
It will take between three and four
years to finish the work. The mosaics
are in glass and a long process is
involved in the making and coloring.
The first shipment will arrive here in
about a year by way of New York.
Subsequent shipments are to be sent
direct to San Francisco through the
Panama Canal.

The famous picture, "The Sermon
on the Mount," will be replaced in its
original beauty in the facade of the
Chapel. This was one of the beauty
spots of the University and was known
the world over. It was the only re
production of the picture in mosaic in
existence.
World-Famous Mosaics.
"The Last Supper," "The Creation,"
both Italian masterpieces, will be rep
resented on the inside. Other repro
ductions of paintings, together with
the figures of the Apostles, are in
cluded in the interior decorations.
Camerino, the agent of the Italian
firm, who was here last week, assisted
Mrs. Jane Stanford in finding the de
signs she wanted for the chapel. She
spent months in Italy working on the
subject. Five years were required to
complete the original work on the
mosaics.
The McGilvray Company, which re
placed the stone work, has completed
its labors. The walls are now, to all
outward appearances, exactly as they
stood before the earthquake of 1906.
The massive edifice is now in the
hands of the carpenters. Work on re
placing the roof has already been
started.

From far-away Italy will come the
mosaics and the artisans to replace
the gorgeous decorations in the re
built Stanford Memorial Church. The
contract for the work has been let by
the Hoard of Trustees to the Salvatti
Company, of Venice. This firm did
the work when the church was first
erected.
M. Camerino, a Venetian mosaic
artist who designated and superin
tended the placing of the original pic
tures. left recently for his home after
arranging the details attendant upon
the securing of the contract. The cost
of the work is $80,000. Camerino and
his assistants did the same work be
fore on the Chapel, and have the
original plans. It took them four
months to perfect these designs. They
will be used again, as the mosaic work
is to be a duplicate of the original in
every respect.
It will take between three and four
years to finish the work. The mosaics
are in glass and a long process is
involved in the making and coloring.
The first shipment will arrive here in
about a year by way of New York.
Subsequent shipments are to be sent
direct to San Francisco through the
Panama Canal.

The famous picture, "The Sermon
on the Mount," will be replaced in its
original beauty in the facade of the
Chapel. This was one of the beauty
spots of the University and was known
the world over. It was the only re
production of the picture in mosaic in
existence.
World-Famous Mosaics.
"The Last Supper," "The Creation,"
both Italian masterpieces, will be rep
resented on the inside. Other repro
ductions of paintings, together with
the figures of the Apostles, are in
cluded in the interior decorations.
Camerino, the agent of the Italian
firm, who was here last week, assisted
Mrs. Jane Stanford in finding the de
signs she wanted for the chapel. She
spent months in Italy working on the
subject. Five years were required to
complete the original work on the
mosaics.
The McGilvray Company, which re
placed the stone work, has completed
its labors. The walls are now, to all
outward appearances, exactly as they
stood before the earthquake of 1906.
The massive edifice is now in the
hands of the carpenters. Work on re
placing the roof has already been
started.

From far-away Italy will come the
mosaics and the artisans to replace
the gorgeous decorations in the re
built Stanford Memorial Church. The
contract for the work has been let by
the Hoard of Trustees to the Salvatti
Company, of Venice. This firm did
the work when the church was first
erected.
M. Camerino, a Venetian mosaic
artist who designated and superin
tended the placing of the original pic
tures. left recently for his home after
arranging the details attendant upon
the securing of the contract. The cost
of the work is $80,000. Camerino and
his assistants did the same work be
fore on the Chapel, and have the
original plans. It took them four
months to perfect these designs. They
will be used again, as the mosaic work
is to be a duplicate of the original in
every respect.
It will take between three and four
years to finish the work. The mosaics
are in glass and a long process is
involved in the making and coloring.
The first shipment will arrive here in
about a year by way of New York.
Subsequent shipments are to be sent
direct to San Francisco through the
Panama Canal.

The famous picture, "The Sermon
on the Mount," will be replaced in its
original beauty in the facade of the
Chapel. This was one of the beauty
spots of the University and was known
the world over. It was the only re
production of the picture in mosaic in
existence.
World-Famous Mosaics.
"The Last Supper," "The Creation,"
both Italian masterpieces, will be rep
resented on the inside. Other repro
ductions of paintings, together with
the figures of the Apostles, are in
cluded in the interior decorations.
Camerino, the agent of the Italian
firm, who was here last week, assisted
Mrs. Jane Stanford in finding the de
signs she wanted for the chapel. She
spent months in Italy working on the
subject. Five years were required to
complete the original work on the
mosaics.
The McGilvray Company, which re
placed the stone work, has completed
its labors. The walls are now, to all
outward appearances, exactly as they
stood before the earthquake of 1906.
The massive edifice is now in the
hands of the carpenters. Work on re
placing the roof has already been
started.

From far-away Italy will come the
mosaics and the artisans to replace
the gorgeous decorations in the re
built Stanford Memorial Church. The
contract for the work has been let by
the Hoard of Trustees to the Salvatti
Company, of Venice. This firm did
the work when the church was first
erected.
M. Camerino, a Venetian mosaic
artist who designated and superin
tended the placing of the original pic
tures. left recently for his home after
arranging the details attendant upon
the securing of the contract. The cost
of the work is $80,000. Camerino and
his assistants did the same work be
fore on the Chapel, and have the
original plans. It took them four
months to perfect these designs. They
will be used again, as the mosaic work
is to be a duplicate of the original in
every respect.
It will take between three and four
years to finish the work. The mosaics
are in glass and a long process is
involved in the making and coloring.
The first shipment will arrive here in
about a year by way of New York.
Subsequent shipments are to be sent
direct to San Francisco through the
Panama Canal.

The famous picture, "The Sermon
on the Mount," will be replaced in its
original beauty in the facade of the
Chapel. This was one of the beauty
spots of the University and was known
the world over. It was the only re
production of the picture in mosaic in
existence.
World-Famous Mosaics.
"The Last Supper," "The Creation,"
both Italian masterpieces, will be rep
resented on the inside. Other repro
ductions of paintings, together with
the figures of the Apostles, are in
cluded in the interior decorations.
Camerino, the agent of the Italian
firm, who was here last week, assisted
Mrs. Jane Stanford in finding the de
signs she wanted for the chapel. She
spent months in Italy working on the
subject. Five years were required to
complete the original work on the
mosaics.
The McGilvray Company, which re
placed the stone work, has completed
its labors. The walls are now, to all
outward appearances, exactly as they
stood before the earthquake of 1906.
The massive edifice is now in the
hands of the carpenters. Work on re
placing the roof has already been
started.

From far-away Italy will come the
mosaics and the artisans to replace
the gorgeous decorations in the re
built Stanford Memorial Church. The
contract for the work has been let by
the Hoard of Trustees to the Salvatti
Company, of Venice. This firm did
the work when the church was first
erected.
M. Camerino, a Venetian mosaic
artist who designated and superin
tended the placing of the original pic
tures. left recently for his home after
arranging the details attendant upon
the securing of the contract. The cost
of the work is $80,000. Camerino and
his assistants did the same work be
fore on the Chapel, and have the
original plans. It took them four
months to perfect these designs. They
will be used again, as the mosaic work
is to be a duplicate of the original in
every respect.
It will take between three and four
years to finish the work. The mosaics
are in glass and a long process is
involved in the making and coloring.
The first shipment will arrive here in
about a year by way of New York.
Subsequent shipments are to be sent
direct to San Francisco through the
Panama Canal.

The famous picture, "The Sermon
on the Mount," will be replaced in its
original beauty in the facade of the
Chapel. This was one of the beauty
spots of the University and was known
the world over. It was the only re
production of the picture in mosaic in
existence.
World-Famous Mosaics.
"The Last Supper," "The Creation,"
both Italian masterpieces, will be rep
resented on the inside. Other repro
ductions of paintings, together with
the figures of the Apostles, are in
cluded in the interior decorations.
Camerino, the agent of the Italian
firm, who was here last week, assisted
Mrs. Jane Stanford in finding the de
signs she wanted for the chapel. She
spent months in Italy working on the
subject. Five years were required to
complete the original work on the
mosaics.
The McGilvray Company, which re
placed the stone work, has completed
its labors. The walls are now, to all
outward appearances, exactly as they
stood before the earthquake of 1906.
The massive edifice is now in the
hands of the carpenters. Work on re
placing the roof has already been
started.

From far-away Italy will come the
mosaics and the artisans to replace
the gorgeous decorations in the re
built Stanford Memorial Church. The
contract for the work has been let by
the Hoard of Trustees to the Salvatti
Company, of Venice. This firm did
the work when the church was first
erected.
M. Camerino, a Venetian mosaic
artist who designated and superin
tended the placing of the original pic
tures. left recently for his home after
arranging the details attendant upon
the securing of the contract. The cost
of the work is $80,000. Camerino and
his assistants did the same work be
fore on the Chapel, and have the
original plans. It took them four
months to perfect these designs. They
will be used again, as the mosaic work
is to be a duplicate of the original in
every respect.
It will take between three and four
years to finish the work. The mosaics
are in glass and a long process is
involved in the making and coloring.
The first shipment will arrive here in
about a year by way of New York.
Subsequent shipments are to be sent
direct to San Francisco through the
Panama Canal.

The famous picture, "The Sermon
on the Mount," will be replaced in its
original beauty in the facade of the
Chapel. This was one of the beauty
spots of the University and was known
the world over. It was the only re
production of the picture in mosaic in
existence.
World-Famous Mosaics.
"The Last Supper," "The Creation,"
both Italian masterpieces, will be rep
resented on the inside. Other repro
ductions of paintings, together with
the figures of the Apostles, are in
cluded in the interior decorations.
Camerino, the agent of the Italian
firm, who was here last week, assisted
Mrs. Jane Stanford in finding the de
signs she wanted for the chapel. She
spent months in Italy working on the
subject. Five years were required to
complete the original work on the
mosaics.
The McGilvray Company, which re
placed the stone work, has completed
its labors. The walls are now, to all
outward appearances, exactly as they
stood before the earthquake of 1906.
The massive edifice is now in the
hands of the carpenters. Work on re
placing the roof has already been
started.

From far-away Italy will come the
mosaics and the artisans to replace
the gorgeous decorations in the re
built Stanford Memorial Church. The
contract for the work has been let by
the Hoard of Trustees to the Salvatti
Company, of Venice. This firm did
the work when the church was first
erected.
M. Camerino, a Venetian mosaic
artist who designated and superin
tended the placing of the original pic
tures. left recently for his home after
arranging the details attendant upon
the securing of the contract. The cost
of the work is $80,000. Camerino and
his assistants did the same work be
fore on the Chapel, and have the
original plans. It took them four
months to perfect these designs. They
will be used again, as the mosaic work
is to be a duplicate of the original in
every respect.
It will take between three and four
years to finish the work. The mosaics
are in glass and a long process is
involved in the making and coloring.
The first shipment will arrive here in
about a year by way of New York.
Subsequent shipments are to be sent
direct to San Francisco through the
Panama Canal.

The famous picture, "The Sermon
on the Mount," will be replaced in its
original beauty in the facade of the
Chapel. This was one of the beauty
spots of the University and was known
the world over. It was the only re
production of the picture in mosaic in
existence.
World-Famous Mosaics.
"The Last Supper," "The Creation,"
both Italian masterpieces, will be rep
resented on the inside. Other repro
ductions of paintings, together with
the figures of the Apostles, are in
cluded in the interior decorations.
Camerino, the agent of the Italian
firm, who was here last week, assisted
Mrs. Jane Stanford in finding the de
signs she wanted for the chapel. She
spent months in Italy working on the
subject. Five years were required to
complete the original work on the
mosaics.
The McGilvray Company, which re
placed the stone work, has completed
its labors. The walls are now, to all
outward appearances, exactly as they
stood before the earthquake of 1906.
The massive edifice is now in the
hands of the carpenters. Work on re
placing the roof has already been
started.

From far-away Italy will come the
mosaics and the artisans to replace
the gorgeous decorations in the re
built Stanford Memorial Church. The
contract for the work has been let by
the Hoard of Trustees to the Salvatti
Company, of Venice. This firm did
the work when the church was first
erected.
M. Camerino, a Venetian mosaic
artist who designated and superin
tended the placing of the original pic
tures. left recently for his home after
arranging the details attendant upon
the securing of the contract. The cost
of the work is $80,000. Camerino and
his assistants did the same work be
fore on the Chapel, and have the
original plans. It took them four
months to perfect these designs. They
will be used again, as the mosaic work
is to be a duplicate of the original in
every respect.
It will take between three and four
years to finish the work. The mosaics
are in glass and a long process is
involved in the making and coloring.
The first shipment will arrive here in
about a year by way of New York.
Subsequent shipments are to be sent
direct to San Francisco through the
Panama Canal.

The famous picture, "The Sermon
on the Mount," will be replaced in its
original beauty in the facade of the
Chapel. This was one of the beauty
spots of the University and was known
the world over. It was the only re
production of the picture in mosaic in
existence.
World-Famous Mosaics.
"The Last Supper," "The Creation,"
both Italian masterpieces, will be rep
resented on the inside. Other repro
ductions of paintings, together with
the figures of the Apostles, are in
cluded in the interior decorations.
Camerino, the agent of the Italian
firm, who was here last week, assisted
Mrs. Jane Stanford in finding the de
signs she wanted for the chapel. She
spent months in Italy working on the
subject. Five years were required to
complete the original work on the
mosaics.
The McGilvray Company, which re
placed the stone work, has completed
its labors. The walls are now, to all
outward appearances, exactly as they
stood before the earthquake of 1906.
The massive edifice is now in the
hands of the carpenters. Work on re
placing the roof has already been
started.

From far-away Italy will come the
mosaics and the artisans to replace
the gorgeous decorations in the re
built Stanford Memorial Church. The
contract for the work has been let by
the Hoard of Trustees to the Salvatti
Company, of Venice. This firm did
the work when the church was first
erected.
M. Camerino, a Venetian mosaic
artist who designated and superin
tended the placing of the original pic
tures. left recently for his home after
arranging the details attendant upon
the securing of the contract. The cost
of the work is $80,000. Camerino and
his assistants did the same work be
fore on the Chapel, and have the
original plans. It took them four
months to perfect these designs. They
will be used again, as the mosaic work
is to be a duplicate of the original in
every respect.
It will take between three and four
years to finish the work. The mosaics
are in glass and a long process is
involved in the making and coloring.
The first shipment will arrive here in
about a year by way of New York.
Subsequent shipments are to be sent
direct to San Francisco through the
Panama Canal.

The famous picture, "The Sermon
on the Mount," will be replaced in its
original beauty in the facade of the
Chapel. This was one of the beauty
spots of the University and was known
the world over. It was the only re
production of the picture in mosaic in
existence.
World-Famous Mosaics.
"The Last Supper," "The Creation,"
both Italian masterpieces, will be rep
resented on the inside. Other repro
ductions of paintings, together with
the figures of the Apostles, are in
cluded in the interior decorations.
Camerino, the agent of the Italian
firm, who was here last week, assisted
Mrs. Jane Stanford in finding the de
signs she wanted for the chapel. She
spent months in Italy working on the
subject. Five years were required to
complete the original work on the
mosaics.
The McGilvray Company, which re
placed the stone work, has completed
its labors. The walls are now, to all
outward appearances, exactly as they
stood before the earthquake of 1906.
The massive edifice is now in the
hands of the carpenters. Work on re
placing the roof has already been
started.

From far-away Italy will come the
mosaics and the artisans to replace
the gorgeous decorations in the re
built Stanford Memorial Church. The
contract for the work has been let by
the Hoard of Trustees to the Salvatti
Company, of Venice. This firm did
the work when the church was first
erected.
M. Camerino, a Venetian mosaic
artist who designated and superin
tended the placing of the original pic
tures. left recently for his home after
arranging the details attendant upon
the securing of the contract. The cost
of the work is $80,000. Camerino and
his assistants did the same work be
fore on the Chapel, and have the
original plans. It took them four
months to perfect these designs. They
will be used again, as the mosaic work
is to be a duplicate of the original in
every respect.
It will take between three and four
years to finish the work. The mosaics
are in glass and a long process is
involved in the making and coloring.
The first shipment will arrive here in
about a year by way of New York.
Subsequent shipments are to be sent
direct to San Francisco through the
Panama Canal.

The famous picture, "The Sermon
on the Mount," will be replaced in its
original beauty in the facade of the
Chapel. This was one of the beauty
spots of the University and was known
the world over. It was the only re
production of the picture in mosaic in
existence.
World-Famous Mosaics.
"The Last Supper," "The Creation,"
both Italian masterpieces, will be rep
resented on the inside. Other repro
ductions of paintings, together with
the figures of the Apostles, are in
cluded in the interior decorations.
Camerino, the agent of the Italian
firm, who was here last week, assisted
Mrs. Jane Stanford in finding the de
signs she wanted for the chapel. She
spent months in Italy working on the
subject. Five years were required to
complete the original work on the
mosaics.
The McGilvray Company, which re
placed the stone work, has completed
its labors. The walls are now, to all
outward appearances, exactly as they
stood before the earthquake of 1906.
The massive edifice is now in the
hands of the carpenters. Work on re
placing the roof has already been
started.

From far-away Italy will come the
mosaics and the artisans to replace
the gorgeous decorations in the re
built Stanford Memorial Church. The
contract for the work has been let by
the Hoard of Trustees to the Salvatti
Company, of Venice. This firm did
the work when the church was first
erected.
M. Camerino, a Venetian mosaic
artist who designated and superin
tended the placing of the original pic
tures. left recently for his home after
arranging the details attendant upon
the securing of the contract. The cost
of the work is $80,000. Camerino and
his assistants did the same work be
fore on the Chapel, and have the
original plans. It took them four
months to perfect these designs. They
will be used again, as the mosaic work
is to be a duplicate of the original in
every respect.
It will take between three and four
years to finish the work. The mosaics
are in glass and a long process is
involved in the making and coloring.
The first shipment will arrive here in
about a year by way of New York.
Subsequent shipments are to be sent
direct to San Francisco through the
Panama Canal.

The famous picture, "The Sermon
on the Mount," will be replaced in its
original beauty in the facade of the
Chapel. This was one of the beauty
spots of the University and was known
the world over. It was the only re
production of the picture in mosaic in
existence.
World-Famous Mosaics.
"The Last Supper," "The Creation,"
both Italian masterpieces, will be rep
resented on the inside. Other repro
ductions of paintings, together with
the figures of the Apostles, are in
cluded in the interior decorations.
Camerino, the agent of the Italian
firm, who was here last week, assisted
Mrs. Jane Stanford in finding the de
signs she wanted for the chapel. She
spent months in Italy working on the
subject. Five years were required to
complete the original work on the
mosaics.
The McGilvray Company, which re
placed the stone work, has completed
its labors. The walls are now, to all
outward appearances, exactly as they
stood before the earthquake of 1906.
The massive edifice is now in the
hands of the carpenters. Work on re
placing the roof has already been
started.

