# New Baseball Park.
## 
### 
The University of Santa Clara is
building a new baseball field on prop
erty near the railroad depot. The
stands will seat approximately 2000,
and together with the park will be an
exact duplication of the Stanford
Field.
The University of Santa Clara is
building a new baseball field on prop
erty near the railroad depot. The
stands will seat approximately 2000,
and together with the park will be an
exact duplication of the Stanford
Field.
The University of Santa Clara is
building a new baseball field on prop
erty near the railroad depot. The
stands will seat approximately 2000,
and together with the park will be an
exact duplication of the Stanford
Field.
The University of Santa Clara is
building a new baseball field on prop
erty near the railroad depot. The
stands will seat approximately 2000,
and together with the park will be an
exact duplication of the Stanford
Field.
The University of Santa Clara is
building a new baseball field on prop
erty near the railroad depot. The
stands will seat approximately 2000,
and together with the park will be an
exact duplication of the Stanford
Field.
The University of Santa Clara is
building a new baseball field on prop
erty near the railroad depot. The
stands will seat approximately 2000,
and together with the park will be an
exact duplication of the Stanford
Field.
The University of Santa Clara is
building a new baseball field on prop
erty near the railroad depot. The
stands will seat approximately 2000,
and together with the park will be an
exact duplication of the Stanford
Field.
The University of Santa Clara is
building a new baseball field on prop
erty near the railroad depot. The
stands will seat approximately 2000,
and together with the park will be an
exact duplication of the Stanford
Field.
The University of Santa Clara is
building a new baseball field on prop
erty near the railroad depot. The
stands will seat approximately 2000,
and together with the park will be an
exact duplication of the Stanford
Field.
The University of Santa Clara is
building a new baseball field on prop
erty near the railroad depot. The
stands will seat approximately 2000,
and together with the park will be an
exact duplication of the Stanford
Field.
The University of Santa Clara is
building a new baseball field on prop
erty near the railroad depot. The
stands will seat approximately 2000,
and together with the park will be an
exact duplication of the Stanford
Field.
The University of Santa Clara is
building a new baseball field on prop
erty near the railroad depot. The
stands will seat approximately 2000,
and together with the park will be an
exact duplication of the Stanford
Field.
The University of Santa Clara is
building a new baseball field on prop
erty near the railroad depot. The
stands will seat approximately 2000,
and together with the park will be an
exact duplication of the Stanford
Field.
