# German Club Will Offer "Bunter Abend" Program
## 
### 
A "Bunter Abend" program will be
given at the meeting of the German
Club in the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:30 o'clock. Members of the
club will be expected to supply some
form of entertainment. A discussion
of the club picnic to La Honda will
also be held.
A "Bunter Abend" program will be
given at the meeting of the German
Club in the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:30 o'clock. Members of the
club will be expected to supply some
form of entertainment. A discussion
of the club picnic to La Honda will
also be held.
A "Bunter Abend" program will be
given at the meeting of the German
Club in the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:30 o'clock. Members of the
club will be expected to supply some
form of entertainment. A discussion
of the club picnic to La Honda will
also be held.
A "Bunter Abend" program will be
given at the meeting of the German
Club in the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:30 o'clock. Members of the
club will be expected to supply some
form of entertainment. A discussion
of the club picnic to La Honda will
also be held.
A "Bunter Abend" program will be
given at the meeting of the German
Club in the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:30 o'clock. Members of the
club will be expected to supply some
form of entertainment. A discussion
of the club picnic to La Honda will
also be held.
A "Bunter Abend" program will be
given at the meeting of the German
Club in the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:30 o'clock. Members of the
club will be expected to supply some
form of entertainment. A discussion
of the club picnic to La Honda will
also be held.
A "Bunter Abend" program will be
given at the meeting of the German
Club in the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:30 o'clock. Members of the
club will be expected to supply some
form of entertainment. A discussion
of the club picnic to La Honda will
also be held.
A "Bunter Abend" program will be
given at the meeting of the German
Club in the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:30 o'clock. Members of the
club will be expected to supply some
form of entertainment. A discussion
of the club picnic to La Honda will
also be held.
A "Bunter Abend" program will be
given at the meeting of the German
Club in the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:30 o'clock. Members of the
club will be expected to supply some
form of entertainment. A discussion
of the club picnic to La Honda will
also be held.
A "Bunter Abend" program will be
given at the meeting of the German
Club in the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:30 o'clock. Members of the
club will be expected to supply some
form of entertainment. A discussion
of the club picnic to La Honda will
also be held.
A "Bunter Abend" program will be
given at the meeting of the German
Club in the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:30 o'clock. Members of the
club will be expected to supply some
form of entertainment. A discussion
of the club picnic to La Honda will
also be held.
A "Bunter Abend" program will be
given at the meeting of the German
Club in the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:30 o'clock. Members of the
club will be expected to supply some
form of entertainment. A discussion
of the club picnic to La Honda will
also be held.
A "Bunter Abend" program will be
given at the meeting of the German
Club in the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:30 o'clock. Members of the
club will be expected to supply some
form of entertainment. A discussion
of the club picnic to La Honda will
also be held.
A "Bunter Abend" program will be
given at the meeting of the German
Club in the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:30 o'clock. Members of the
club will be expected to supply some
form of entertainment. A discussion
of the club picnic to La Honda will
also be held.
