# DR. JORDAN FAVORS JUNIOR COLLEGES AS SECONDARY SCHOOLS
## 
### 
Elimination of the first two years of
college and the development of Junior
College is advocated by Dr. Jordan in
an article entitled, "The Junior Col
lege," which appears in the May issue
of the Intercollegiate World.

In explaining his position Dr. Jor
dan says, "The bachelor's degree, as
at present understood, breaks in the
wrong place, too early for "completing
an education" and too late for ap
proaching professional life. University
work begins most naturally with t>ur
third, or junior year. It should not be
wholly put off for the bachelor's de
gree."

"To attempt to begin advanced, re
search, or professional work, as 'post
graduate,' explains the partial failure
which has afflicted universities that
have tried it."

According to Dr. Jordan, private in
stitutions should be the first to aban
don purely elementary instruction and
devote itself to stimulating and de
veloping research and intellectual ad
vances.
