# BAN ON RIDING ARMY HORSES MODIFIED BY MAJOR JOHN KELIHER
## 
### 
Modification of yesterday's ban on
privileged riding of R.O.T.C. horses
has been announced by Major John
Keliher which limits riding to con
trolled sections on Saturday and Sun
day, attended by a student instructor.
According to present plans, students
may take horses only on these two
days, and in regular groups to convene
at 1:30 o'clock on Saturday, and at 9
and 1:30 o'clock on Sunday.

The reason for the original ban was
that stxulents in riding about the Uni
versity property have not respected
rights of persons holding leases under
the University. The present plan in
cludes an instructor in riding parties
who is responsible for the groups, and
who knows the portions of land not to
be trespassed upon.

Sections will be forced to stay to
gether during these rides, thereby re
moving the objections raised by land
owners whose land had been (tamaged
by riders passing across it.
Modification of yesterday's ban on
privileged riding of R.O.T.C. horses
has been announced by Major John
Keliher which limits riding to con
trolled sections on Saturday and Sun
day, attended by a student instructor.
According to present plans, students
may take horses only on these two
days, and in regular groups to convene
at 1:30 o'clock on Saturday, and at 9
and 1:30 o'clock on Sunday.

The reason for the original ban was
that stxulents in riding about the Uni
versity property have not respected
rights of persons holding leases under
the University. The present plan in
cludes an instructor in riding parties
who is responsible for the groups, and
who knows the portions of land not to
be trespassed upon.

Sections will be forced to stay to
gether during these rides, thereby re
moving the objections raised by land
owners whose land had been (tamaged
by riders passing across it.
Modification of yesterday's ban on
privileged riding of R.O.T.C. horses
has been announced by Major John
Keliher which limits riding to con
trolled sections on Saturday and Sun
day, attended by a student instructor.
According to present plans, students
may take horses only on these two
days, and in regular groups to convene
at 1:30 o'clock on Saturday, and at 9
and 1:30 o'clock on Sunday.

The reason for the original ban was
that stxulents in riding about the Uni
versity property have not respected
rights of persons holding leases under
the University. The present plan in
cludes an instructor in riding parties
who is responsible for the groups, and
who knows the portions of land not to
be trespassed upon.

Sections will be forced to stay to
gether during these rides, thereby re
moving the objections raised by land
owners whose land had been (tamaged
by riders passing across it.
Modification of yesterday's ban on
privileged riding of R.O.T.C. horses
has been announced by Major John
Keliher which limits riding to con
trolled sections on Saturday and Sun
day, attended by a student instructor.
According to present plans, students
may take horses only on these two
days, and in regular groups to convene
at 1:30 o'clock on Saturday, and at 9
and 1:30 o'clock on Sunday.

The reason for the original ban was
that stxulents in riding about the Uni
versity property have not respected
rights of persons holding leases under
the University. The present plan in
cludes an instructor in riding parties
who is responsible for the groups, and
who knows the portions of land not to
be trespassed upon.

Sections will be forced to stay to
gether during these rides, thereby re
moving the objections raised by land
owners whose land had been (tamaged
by riders passing across it.
Modification of yesterday's ban on
privileged riding of R.O.T.C. horses
has been announced by Major John
Keliher which limits riding to con
trolled sections on Saturday and Sun
day, attended by a student instructor.
According to present plans, students
may take horses only on these two
days, and in regular groups to convene
at 1:30 o'clock on Saturday, and at 9
and 1:30 o'clock on Sunday.

The reason for the original ban was
that stxulents in riding about the Uni
versity property have not respected
rights of persons holding leases under
the University. The present plan in
cludes an instructor in riding parties
who is responsible for the groups, and
who knows the portions of land not to
be trespassed upon.

Sections will be forced to stay to
gether during these rides, thereby re
moving the objections raised by land
owners whose land had been (tamaged
by riders passing across it.
Modification of yesterday's ban on
privileged riding of R.O.T.C. horses
has been announced by Major John
Keliher which limits riding to con
trolled sections on Saturday and Sun
day, attended by a student instructor.
According to present plans, students
may take horses only on these two
days, and in regular groups to convene
at 1:30 o'clock on Saturday, and at 9
and 1:30 o'clock on Sunday.

The reason for the original ban was
that stxulents in riding about the Uni
versity property have not respected
rights of persons holding leases under
the University. The present plan in
cludes an instructor in riding parties
who is responsible for the groups, and
who knows the portions of land not to
be trespassed upon.

Sections will be forced to stay to
gether during these rides, thereby re
moving the objections raised by land
owners whose land had been (tamaged
by riders passing across it.
Modification of yesterday's ban on
privileged riding of R.O.T.C. horses
has been announced by Major John
Keliher which limits riding to con
trolled sections on Saturday and Sun
day, attended by a student instructor.
According to present plans, students
may take horses only on these two
days, and in regular groups to convene
at 1:30 o'clock on Saturday, and at 9
and 1:30 o'clock on Sunday.

The reason for the original ban was
that stxulents in riding about the Uni
versity property have not respected
rights of persons holding leases under
the University. The present plan in
cludes an instructor in riding parties
who is responsible for the groups, and
who knows the portions of land not to
be trespassed upon.

Sections will be forced to stay to
gether during these rides, thereby re
moving the objections raised by land
owners whose land had been (tamaged
by riders passing across it.
Modification of yesterday's ban on
privileged riding of R.O.T.C. horses
has been announced by Major John
Keliher which limits riding to con
trolled sections on Saturday and Sun
day, attended by a student instructor.
According to present plans, students
may take horses only on these two
days, and in regular groups to convene
at 1:30 o'clock on Saturday, and at 9
and 1:30 o'clock on Sunday.

The reason for the original ban was
that stxulents in riding about the Uni
versity property have not respected
rights of persons holding leases under
the University. The present plan in
cludes an instructor in riding parties
who is responsible for the groups, and
who knows the portions of land not to
be trespassed upon.

Sections will be forced to stay to
gether during these rides, thereby re
moving the objections raised by land
owners whose land had been (tamaged
by riders passing across it.
Modification of yesterday's ban on
privileged riding of R.O.T.C. horses
has been announced by Major John
Keliher which limits riding to con
trolled sections on Saturday and Sun
day, attended by a student instructor.
According to present plans, students
may take horses only on these two
days, and in regular groups to convene
at 1:30 o'clock on Saturday, and at 9
and 1:30 o'clock on Sunday.

The reason for the original ban was
that stxulents in riding about the Uni
versity property have not respected
rights of persons holding leases under
the University. The present plan in
cludes an instructor in riding parties
who is responsible for the groups, and
who knows the portions of land not to
be trespassed upon.

Sections will be forced to stay to
gether during these rides, thereby re
moving the objections raised by land
owners whose land had been (tamaged
by riders passing across it.
Modification of yesterday's ban on
privileged riding of R.O.T.C. horses
has been announced by Major John
Keliher which limits riding to con
trolled sections on Saturday and Sun
day, attended by a student instructor.
According to present plans, students
may take horses only on these two
days, and in regular groups to convene
at 1:30 o'clock on Saturday, and at 9
and 1:30 o'clock on Sunday.

The reason for the original ban was
that stxulents in riding about the Uni
versity property have not respected
rights of persons holding leases under
the University. The present plan in
cludes an instructor in riding parties
who is responsible for the groups, and
who knows the portions of land not to
be trespassed upon.

Sections will be forced to stay to
gether during these rides, thereby re
moving the objections raised by land
owners whose land had been (tamaged
by riders passing across it.
Modification of yesterday's ban on
privileged riding of R.O.T.C. horses
has been announced by Major John
Keliher which limits riding to con
trolled sections on Saturday and Sun
day, attended by a student instructor.
According to present plans, students
may take horses only on these two
days, and in regular groups to convene
at 1:30 o'clock on Saturday, and at 9
and 1:30 o'clock on Sunday.

The reason for the original ban was
that stxulents in riding about the Uni
versity property have not respected
rights of persons holding leases under
the University. The present plan in
cludes an instructor in riding parties
who is responsible for the groups, and
who knows the portions of land not to
be trespassed upon.

Sections will be forced to stay to
gether during these rides, thereby re
moving the objections raised by land
owners whose land had been (tamaged
by riders passing across it.
Modification of yesterday's ban on
privileged riding of R.O.T.C. horses
has been announced by Major John
Keliher which limits riding to con
trolled sections on Saturday and Sun
day, attended by a student instructor.
According to present plans, students
may take horses only on these two
days, and in regular groups to convene
at 1:30 o'clock on Saturday, and at 9
and 1:30 o'clock on Sunday.

The reason for the original ban was
that stxulents in riding about the Uni
versity property have not respected
rights of persons holding leases under
the University. The present plan in
cludes an instructor in riding parties
who is responsible for the groups, and
who knows the portions of land not to
be trespassed upon.

Sections will be forced to stay to
gether during these rides, thereby re
moving the objections raised by land
owners whose land had been (tamaged
by riders passing across it.
Modification of yesterday's ban on
privileged riding of R.O.T.C. horses
has been announced by Major John
Keliher which limits riding to con
trolled sections on Saturday and Sun
day, attended by a student instructor.
According to present plans, students
may take horses only on these two
days, and in regular groups to convene
at 1:30 o'clock on Saturday, and at 9
and 1:30 o'clock on Sunday.

The reason for the original ban was
that stxulents in riding about the Uni
versity property have not respected
rights of persons holding leases under
the University. The present plan in
cludes an instructor in riding parties
who is responsible for the groups, and
who knows the portions of land not to
be trespassed upon.

Sections will be forced to stay to
gether during these rides, thereby re
moving the objections raised by land
owners whose land had been (tamaged
by riders passing across it.
Modification of yesterday's ban on
privileged riding of R.O.T.C. horses
has been announced by Major John
Keliher which limits riding to con
trolled sections on Saturday and Sun
day, attended by a student instructor.
According to present plans, students
may take horses only on these two
days, and in regular groups to convene
at 1:30 o'clock on Saturday, and at 9
and 1:30 o'clock on Sunday.

The reason for the original ban was
that stxulents in riding about the Uni
versity property have not respected
rights of persons holding leases under
the University. The present plan in
cludes an instructor in riding parties
who is responsible for the groups, and
who knows the portions of land not to
be trespassed upon.

Sections will be forced to stay to
gether during these rides, thereby re
moving the objections raised by land
owners whose land had been (tamaged
by riders passing across it.
