# ROTH RESTRICTS USE OF CAMPUS GROUNDS FOR SUNDAY PICNICS
## 
### 
"Picnickers on Saturdays and Sun
days will be restricted to the stadium
grounds and the triangular strip north
of the stadium," said A. E. Roth in
an interview this morning.

"While the University welcomes pic
nickers to the grounds, it feels that
the area used for this purpose must
necessarily be restricted, and for this
reason guards will be maintained on
various parts of the campus to keep
people from picnicking on grounds not
set aside for that purpose," he con
tinued. "The grounds which are avail
able for motorists will be thoroughly
police and receptacles placed in con
venient places for rubbish. It is hoped
that those taking advantage of the
University picnic grounds will co-oper
ate in keeping them decent."

It has been the policy of the Univer
sity to allow picnickers on the stadium
grounds for several years, but this
year special precautions will be taken
to keep them within the restricted
areas.
"Picnickers on Saturdays and Sun
days will be restricted to the stadium
grounds and the triangular strip north
of the stadium," said A. E. Roth in
an interview this morning.

"While the University welcomes pic
nickers to the grounds, it feels that
the area used for this purpose must
necessarily be restricted, and for this
reason guards will be maintained on
various parts of the campus to keep
people from picnicking on grounds not
set aside for that purpose," he con
tinued. "The grounds which are avail
able for motorists will be thoroughly
police and receptacles placed in con
venient places for rubbish. It is hoped
that those taking advantage of the
University picnic grounds will co-oper
ate in keeping them decent."

It has been the policy of the Univer
sity to allow picnickers on the stadium
grounds for several years, but this
year special precautions will be taken
to keep them within the restricted
areas.
"Picnickers on Saturdays and Sun
days will be restricted to the stadium
grounds and the triangular strip north
of the stadium," said A. E. Roth in
an interview this morning.

"While the University welcomes pic
nickers to the grounds, it feels that
the area used for this purpose must
necessarily be restricted, and for this
reason guards will be maintained on
various parts of the campus to keep
people from picnicking on grounds not
set aside for that purpose," he con
tinued. "The grounds which are avail
able for motorists will be thoroughly
police and receptacles placed in con
venient places for rubbish. It is hoped
that those taking advantage of the
University picnic grounds will co-oper
ate in keeping them decent."

It has been the policy of the Univer
sity to allow picnickers on the stadium
grounds for several years, but this
year special precautions will be taken
to keep them within the restricted
areas.
"Picnickers on Saturdays and Sun
days will be restricted to the stadium
grounds and the triangular strip north
of the stadium," said A. E. Roth in
an interview this morning.

"While the University welcomes pic
nickers to the grounds, it feels that
the area used for this purpose must
necessarily be restricted, and for this
reason guards will be maintained on
various parts of the campus to keep
people from picnicking on grounds not
set aside for that purpose," he con
tinued. "The grounds which are avail
able for motorists will be thoroughly
police and receptacles placed in con
venient places for rubbish. It is hoped
that those taking advantage of the
University picnic grounds will co-oper
ate in keeping them decent."

It has been the policy of the Univer
sity to allow picnickers on the stadium
grounds for several years, but this
year special precautions will be taken
to keep them within the restricted
areas.
"Picnickers on Saturdays and Sun
days will be restricted to the stadium
grounds and the triangular strip north
of the stadium," said A. E. Roth in
an interview this morning.

"While the University welcomes pic
nickers to the grounds, it feels that
the area used for this purpose must
necessarily be restricted, and for this
reason guards will be maintained on
various parts of the campus to keep
people from picnicking on grounds not
set aside for that purpose," he con
tinued. "The grounds which are avail
able for motorists will be thoroughly
police and receptacles placed in con
venient places for rubbish. It is hoped
that those taking advantage of the
University picnic grounds will co-oper
ate in keeping them decent."

It has been the policy of the Univer
sity to allow picnickers on the stadium
grounds for several years, but this
year special precautions will be taken
to keep them within the restricted
areas.
"Picnickers on Saturdays and Sun
days will be restricted to the stadium
grounds and the triangular strip north
of the stadium," said A. E. Roth in
an interview this morning.

"While the University welcomes pic
nickers to the grounds, it feels that
the area used for this purpose must
necessarily be restricted, and for this
reason guards will be maintained on
various parts of the campus to keep
people from picnicking on grounds not
set aside for that purpose," he con
tinued. "The grounds which are avail
able for motorists will be thoroughly
police and receptacles placed in con
venient places for rubbish. It is hoped
that those taking advantage of the
University picnic grounds will co-oper
ate in keeping them decent."

It has been the policy of the Univer
sity to allow picnickers on the stadium
grounds for several years, but this
year special precautions will be taken
to keep them within the restricted
areas.
"Picnickers on Saturdays and Sun
days will be restricted to the stadium
grounds and the triangular strip north
of the stadium," said A. E. Roth in
an interview this morning.

"While the University welcomes pic
nickers to the grounds, it feels that
the area used for this purpose must
necessarily be restricted, and for this
reason guards will be maintained on
various parts of the campus to keep
people from picnicking on grounds not
set aside for that purpose," he con
tinued. "The grounds which are avail
able for motorists will be thoroughly
police and receptacles placed in con
venient places for rubbish. It is hoped
that those taking advantage of the
University picnic grounds will co-oper
ate in keeping them decent."

It has been the policy of the Univer
sity to allow picnickers on the stadium
grounds for several years, but this
year special precautions will be taken
to keep them within the restricted
areas.
"Picnickers on Saturdays and Sun
days will be restricted to the stadium
grounds and the triangular strip north
of the stadium," said A. E. Roth in
an interview this morning.

"While the University welcomes pic
nickers to the grounds, it feels that
the area used for this purpose must
necessarily be restricted, and for this
reason guards will be maintained on
various parts of the campus to keep
people from picnicking on grounds not
set aside for that purpose," he con
tinued. "The grounds which are avail
able for motorists will be thoroughly
police and receptacles placed in con
venient places for rubbish. It is hoped
that those taking advantage of the
University picnic grounds will co-oper
ate in keeping them decent."

It has been the policy of the Univer
sity to allow picnickers on the stadium
grounds for several years, but this
year special precautions will be taken
to keep them within the restricted
areas.
"Picnickers on Saturdays and Sun
days will be restricted to the stadium
grounds and the triangular strip north
of the stadium," said A. E. Roth in
an interview this morning.

"While the University welcomes pic
nickers to the grounds, it feels that
the area used for this purpose must
necessarily be restricted, and for this
reason guards will be maintained on
various parts of the campus to keep
people from picnicking on grounds not
set aside for that purpose," he con
tinued. "The grounds which are avail
able for motorists will be thoroughly
police and receptacles placed in con
venient places for rubbish. It is hoped
that those taking advantage of the
University picnic grounds will co-oper
ate in keeping them decent."

It has been the policy of the Univer
sity to allow picnickers on the stadium
grounds for several years, but this
year special precautions will be taken
to keep them within the restricted
areas.
"Picnickers on Saturdays and Sun
days will be restricted to the stadium
grounds and the triangular strip north
of the stadium," said A. E. Roth in
an interview this morning.

"While the University welcomes pic
nickers to the grounds, it feels that
the area used for this purpose must
necessarily be restricted, and for this
reason guards will be maintained on
various parts of the campus to keep
people from picnicking on grounds not
set aside for that purpose," he con
tinued. "The grounds which are avail
able for motorists will be thoroughly
police and receptacles placed in con
venient places for rubbish. It is hoped
that those taking advantage of the
University picnic grounds will co-oper
ate in keeping them decent."

It has been the policy of the Univer
sity to allow picnickers on the stadium
grounds for several years, but this
year special precautions will be taken
to keep them within the restricted
areas.
"Picnickers on Saturdays and Sun
days will be restricted to the stadium
grounds and the triangular strip north
of the stadium," said A. E. Roth in
an interview this morning.

"While the University welcomes pic
nickers to the grounds, it feels that
the area used for this purpose must
necessarily be restricted, and for this
reason guards will be maintained on
various parts of the campus to keep
people from picnicking on grounds not
set aside for that purpose," he con
tinued. "The grounds which are avail
able for motorists will be thoroughly
police and receptacles placed in con
venient places for rubbish. It is hoped
that those taking advantage of the
University picnic grounds will co-oper
ate in keeping them decent."

It has been the policy of the Univer
sity to allow picnickers on the stadium
grounds for several years, but this
year special precautions will be taken
to keep them within the restricted
areas.
"Picnickers on Saturdays and Sun
days will be restricted to the stadium
grounds and the triangular strip north
of the stadium," said A. E. Roth in
an interview this morning.

"While the University welcomes pic
nickers to the grounds, it feels that
the area used for this purpose must
necessarily be restricted, and for this
reason guards will be maintained on
various parts of the campus to keep
people from picnicking on grounds not
set aside for that purpose," he con
tinued. "The grounds which are avail
able for motorists will be thoroughly
police and receptacles placed in con
venient places for rubbish. It is hoped
that those taking advantage of the
University picnic grounds will co-oper
ate in keeping them decent."

It has been the policy of the Univer
sity to allow picnickers on the stadium
grounds for several years, but this
year special precautions will be taken
to keep them within the restricted
areas.
"Picnickers on Saturdays and Sun
days will be restricted to the stadium
grounds and the triangular strip north
of the stadium," said A. E. Roth in
an interview this morning.

"While the University welcomes pic
nickers to the grounds, it feels that
the area used for this purpose must
necessarily be restricted, and for this
reason guards will be maintained on
various parts of the campus to keep
people from picnicking on grounds not
set aside for that purpose," he con
tinued. "The grounds which are avail
able for motorists will be thoroughly
police and receptacles placed in con
venient places for rubbish. It is hoped
that those taking advantage of the
University picnic grounds will co-oper
ate in keeping them decent."

It has been the policy of the Univer
sity to allow picnickers on the stadium
grounds for several years, but this
year special precautions will be taken
to keep them within the restricted
areas.
"Picnickers on Saturdays and Sun
days will be restricted to the stadium
grounds and the triangular strip north
of the stadium," said A. E. Roth in
an interview this morning.

"While the University welcomes pic
nickers to the grounds, it feels that
the area used for this purpose must
necessarily be restricted, and for this
reason guards will be maintained on
various parts of the campus to keep
people from picnicking on grounds not
set aside for that purpose," he con
tinued. "The grounds which are avail
able for motorists will be thoroughly
police and receptacles placed in con
venient places for rubbish. It is hoped
that those taking advantage of the
University picnic grounds will co-oper
ate in keeping them decent."

It has been the policy of the Univer
sity to allow picnickers on the stadium
grounds for several years, but this
year special precautions will be taken
to keep them within the restricted
areas.
