# Department of Commerce Says Relief Need Greater
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 9(/P). -The
Department of Commerce reported
today the number of families on re
lief on April 1 was larger this year
than at the same time last year.
In its monthly survey, reporting
generally improved conditions in
most sections of American business
and industry, the department noted.
"Notwithstanding the progress in
recent months in absorbing into in
dustry a portion of the unemployed,
the number without work remains
large.
WASHINGTON, May 9(/P). -The
Department of Commerce reported
today the number of families on re
lief on April 1 was larger this year
than at the same time last year.
In its monthly survey, reporting
generally improved conditions in
most sections of American business
and industry, the department noted.
"Notwithstanding the progress in
recent months in absorbing into in
dustry a portion of the unemployed,
the number without work remains
large.
WASHINGTON, May 9(/P). -The
Department of Commerce reported
today the number of families on re
lief on April 1 was larger this year
than at the same time last year.
In its monthly survey, reporting
generally improved conditions in
most sections of American business
and industry, the department noted.
"Notwithstanding the progress in
recent months in absorbing into in
dustry a portion of the unemployed,
the number without work remains
large.
WASHINGTON, May 9(/P). -The
Department of Commerce reported
today the number of families on re
lief on April 1 was larger this year
than at the same time last year.
In its monthly survey, reporting
generally improved conditions in
most sections of American business
and industry, the department noted.
"Notwithstanding the progress in
recent months in absorbing into in
dustry a portion of the unemployed,
the number without work remains
large.
WASHINGTON, May 9(/P). -The
Department of Commerce reported
today the number of families on re
lief on April 1 was larger this year
than at the same time last year.
In its monthly survey, reporting
generally improved conditions in
most sections of American business
and industry, the department noted.
"Notwithstanding the progress in
recent months in absorbing into in
dustry a portion of the unemployed,
the number without work remains
large.
WASHINGTON, May 9(/P). -The
Department of Commerce reported
today the number of families on re
lief on April 1 was larger this year
than at the same time last year.
In its monthly survey, reporting
generally improved conditions in
most sections of American business
and industry, the department noted.
"Notwithstanding the progress in
recent months in absorbing into in
dustry a portion of the unemployed,
the number without work remains
large.
WASHINGTON, May 9(/P). -The
Department of Commerce reported
today the number of families on re
lief on April 1 was larger this year
than at the same time last year.
In its monthly survey, reporting
generally improved conditions in
most sections of American business
and industry, the department noted.
"Notwithstanding the progress in
recent months in absorbing into in
dustry a portion of the unemployed,
the number without work remains
large.
WASHINGTON, May 9(/P). -The
Department of Commerce reported
today the number of families on re
lief on April 1 was larger this year
than at the same time last year.
In its monthly survey, reporting
generally improved conditions in
most sections of American business
and industry, the department noted.
"Notwithstanding the progress in
recent months in absorbing into in
dustry a portion of the unemployed,
the number without work remains
large.
WASHINGTON, May 9(/P). -The
Department of Commerce reported
today the number of families on re
lief on April 1 was larger this year
than at the same time last year.
In its monthly survey, reporting
generally improved conditions in
most sections of American business
and industry, the department noted.
"Notwithstanding the progress in
recent months in absorbing into in
dustry a portion of the unemployed,
the number without work remains
large.
WASHINGTON, May 9(/P). -The
Department of Commerce reported
today the number of families on re
lief on April 1 was larger this year
than at the same time last year.
In its monthly survey, reporting
generally improved conditions in
most sections of American business
and industry, the department noted.
"Notwithstanding the progress in
recent months in absorbing into in
dustry a portion of the unemployed,
the number without work remains
large.
WASHINGTON, May 9(/P). -The
Department of Commerce reported
today the number of families on re
lief on April 1 was larger this year
than at the same time last year.
In its monthly survey, reporting
generally improved conditions in
most sections of American business
and industry, the department noted.
"Notwithstanding the progress in
recent months in absorbing into in
dustry a portion of the unemployed,
the number without work remains
large.
WASHINGTON, May 9(/P). -The
Department of Commerce reported
today the number of families on re
lief on April 1 was larger this year
than at the same time last year.
In its monthly survey, reporting
generally improved conditions in
most sections of American business
and industry, the department noted.
"Notwithstanding the progress in
recent months in absorbing into in
dustry a portion of the unemployed,
the number without work remains
large.
WASHINGTON, May 9(/P). -The
Department of Commerce reported
today the number of families on re
lief on April 1 was larger this year
than at the same time last year.
In its monthly survey, reporting
generally improved conditions in
most sections of American business
and industry, the department noted.
"Notwithstanding the progress in
recent months in absorbing into in
dustry a portion of the unemployed,
the number without work remains
large.
WASHINGTON, May 9(/P). -The
Department of Commerce reported
today the number of families on re
lief on April 1 was larger this year
than at the same time last year.
In its monthly survey, reporting
generally improved conditions in
most sections of American business
and industry, the department noted.
"Notwithstanding the progress in
recent months in absorbing into in
dustry a portion of the unemployed,
the number without work remains
large.
WASHINGTON, May 9(/P). -The
Department of Commerce reported
today the number of families on re
lief on April 1 was larger this year
than at the same time last year.
In its monthly survey, reporting
generally improved conditions in
most sections of American business
and industry, the department noted.
"Notwithstanding the progress in
recent months in absorbing into in
dustry a portion of the unemployed,
the number without work remains
large.
