# Sigma Delta Pi Presents "El Dia de San Roque"
## 
### 
A one-act play entitled "El Dia de
San Roque" will be presented by
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary society, at 8:15 o'clock to
night in the auditorium of the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Following the play, there will be
given in the clubhouse basement an
informal address by Professor Gon
zalez Palencia of the Spanish De
partment. All persons interested are
invited to attend.
A one-act play entitled "El Dia de
San Roque" will be presented by
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary society, at 8:15 o'clock to
night in the auditorium of the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Following the play, there will be
given in the clubhouse basement an
informal address by Professor Gon
zalez Palencia of the Spanish De
partment. All persons interested are
invited to attend.
A one-act play entitled "El Dia de
San Roque" will be presented by
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary society, at 8:15 o'clock to
night in the auditorium of the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Following the play, there will be
given in the clubhouse basement an
informal address by Professor Gon
zalez Palencia of the Spanish De
partment. All persons interested are
invited to attend.
A one-act play entitled "El Dia de
San Roque" will be presented by
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary society, at 8:15 o'clock to
night in the auditorium of the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Following the play, there will be
given in the clubhouse basement an
informal address by Professor Gon
zalez Palencia of the Spanish De
partment. All persons interested are
invited to attend.
A one-act play entitled "El Dia de
San Roque" will be presented by
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary society, at 8:15 o'clock to
night in the auditorium of the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Following the play, there will be
given in the clubhouse basement an
informal address by Professor Gon
zalez Palencia of the Spanish De
partment. All persons interested are
invited to attend.
A one-act play entitled "El Dia de
San Roque" will be presented by
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary society, at 8:15 o'clock to
night in the auditorium of the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Following the play, there will be
given in the clubhouse basement an
informal address by Professor Gon
zalez Palencia of the Spanish De
partment. All persons interested are
invited to attend.
A one-act play entitled "El Dia de
San Roque" will be presented by
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary society, at 8:15 o'clock to
night in the auditorium of the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Following the play, there will be
given in the clubhouse basement an
informal address by Professor Gon
zalez Palencia of the Spanish De
partment. All persons interested are
invited to attend.
A one-act play entitled "El Dia de
San Roque" will be presented by
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary society, at 8:15 o'clock to
night in the auditorium of the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Following the play, there will be
given in the clubhouse basement an
informal address by Professor Gon
zalez Palencia of the Spanish De
partment. All persons interested are
invited to attend.
A one-act play entitled "El Dia de
San Roque" will be presented by
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary society, at 8:15 o'clock to
night in the auditorium of the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Following the play, there will be
given in the clubhouse basement an
informal address by Professor Gon
zalez Palencia of the Spanish De
partment. All persons interested are
invited to attend.
A one-act play entitled "El Dia de
San Roque" will be presented by
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary society, at 8:15 o'clock to
night in the auditorium of the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Following the play, there will be
given in the clubhouse basement an
informal address by Professor Gon
zalez Palencia of the Spanish De
partment. All persons interested are
invited to attend.
A one-act play entitled "El Dia de
San Roque" will be presented by
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary society, at 8:15 o'clock to
night in the auditorium of the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Following the play, there will be
given in the clubhouse basement an
informal address by Professor Gon
zalez Palencia of the Spanish De
partment. All persons interested are
invited to attend.
A one-act play entitled "El Dia de
San Roque" will be presented by
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary society, at 8:15 o'clock to
night in the auditorium of the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Following the play, there will be
given in the clubhouse basement an
informal address by Professor Gon
zalez Palencia of the Spanish De
partment. All persons interested are
invited to attend.
A one-act play entitled "El Dia de
San Roque" will be presented by
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary society, at 8:15 o'clock to
night in the auditorium of the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Following the play, there will be
given in the clubhouse basement an
informal address by Professor Gon
zalez Palencia of the Spanish De
partment. All persons interested are
invited to attend.
A one-act play entitled "El Dia de
San Roque" will be presented by
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary society, at 8:15 o'clock to
night in the auditorium of the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Following the play, there will be
given in the clubhouse basement an
informal address by Professor Gon
zalez Palencia of the Spanish De
partment. All persons interested are
invited to attend.
A one-act play entitled "El Dia de
San Roque" will be presented by
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary society, at 8:15 o'clock to
night in the auditorium of the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Following the play, there will be
given in the clubhouse basement an
informal address by Professor Gon
zalez Palencia of the Spanish De
partment. All persons interested are
invited to attend.
