# Dance, Drama Bids Go Fast; Sets Finished
## Craig's Cardinals Provide Music for Rally Hop In Women's Gym Special Admission Rates Set For Theatre Goers 
### 
With bids going rapidly, tomorrow
offers the last opportunity to pur
chase tickets for "Three Cornered
Moon" and the following Rally Com
mittee dance. The Assembly Hall
curtain rises at 8:30 o'clock on the
Gertrude Tonkonogy comedy, last
dramatic production of the quarter.
Dorothy Sweet will head the com
mittee in charge of the arrangements
for the dance, appointed by the Rally
Committee. Assisting her will be
Barbara Holmes, Miriam Kropp, Ju
lius Jacobs, Bill Cole, Wally Baird,
and Bill Waltman.
Helvenston Directs
Sets near completion under the
direction of Harold Helvenston. A
replica of Victorian wall paper now
adorns the stage, with a curved
stairway under construction. Furni
ture will probably be put in place
today before dress rehearsal.
An ancient phonograph has been
acquired to lend atmosphere; turkish
towels, law books, and innumerable
other props have also been found
necessary.
Although good seats remain, says
Dramatic Manager Ben Cave, a pos
sible sell-out is prophesied. Tickets
are still on sale at. Keeble's and
A.S.S.U. offices for 50 and 75 cents
and $1.
Those attending th;.> play will be
granted special rates to the dance
following, admission being 75 cents,
and with theatre stubs, 50 cents.
Cardinals Play
Craig's Cardinals will provide mel
ody for the affair in the Women's
gym, which is slated to last from 10
to 1 o'clock. Special decorations
have been provided, which with
lighting effects and a back-drop be
hind the orchestra are major ar
rangements to date.
The dance, open to both students
and outsiders, is the only one oc
curring on the campus this entire
week-end.
