# Envoys See Roosevelt On Debt Consideration
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. May 9 (TP). — A
restatement of the American atti
tude toward war debts came from
President Roosevelt toclay and
shortly thereafter the ambassadors
of two nations that arc in default—
France and Belgium—called at Ihe
State Department to discuss the
matter.
The position outlined by the
President called for an insistence
upon payment by the debtor nations,
but a willingness to talk over their
individual problems separately and
give consideration, either to propos
als for token payments or for new
terms of settlement.
WASHINGTON. May 9 (TP). — A
restatement of the American atti
tude toward war debts came from
President Roosevelt toclay and
shortly thereafter the ambassadors
of two nations that arc in default—
France and Belgium—called at Ihe
State Department to discuss the
matter.
The position outlined by the
President called for an insistence
upon payment by the debtor nations,
but a willingness to talk over their
individual problems separately and
give consideration, either to propos
als for token payments or for new
terms of settlement.
WASHINGTON. May 9 (TP). — A
restatement of the American atti
tude toward war debts came from
President Roosevelt toclay and
shortly thereafter the ambassadors
of two nations that arc in default—
France and Belgium—called at Ihe
State Department to discuss the
matter.
The position outlined by the
President called for an insistence
upon payment by the debtor nations,
but a willingness to talk over their
individual problems separately and
give consideration, either to propos
als for token payments or for new
terms of settlement.
WASHINGTON. May 9 (TP). — A
restatement of the American atti
tude toward war debts came from
President Roosevelt toclay and
shortly thereafter the ambassadors
of two nations that arc in default—
France and Belgium—called at Ihe
State Department to discuss the
matter.
The position outlined by the
President called for an insistence
upon payment by the debtor nations,
but a willingness to talk over their
individual problems separately and
give consideration, either to propos
als for token payments or for new
terms of settlement.
WASHINGTON. May 9 (TP). — A
restatement of the American atti
tude toward war debts came from
President Roosevelt toclay and
shortly thereafter the ambassadors
of two nations that arc in default—
France and Belgium—called at Ihe
State Department to discuss the
matter.
The position outlined by the
President called for an insistence
upon payment by the debtor nations,
but a willingness to talk over their
individual problems separately and
give consideration, either to propos
als for token payments or for new
terms of settlement.
WASHINGTON. May 9 (TP). — A
restatement of the American atti
tude toward war debts came from
President Roosevelt toclay and
shortly thereafter the ambassadors
of two nations that arc in default—
France and Belgium—called at Ihe
State Department to discuss the
matter.
The position outlined by the
President called for an insistence
upon payment by the debtor nations,
but a willingness to talk over their
individual problems separately and
give consideration, either to propos
als for token payments or for new
terms of settlement.
WASHINGTON. May 9 (TP). — A
restatement of the American atti
tude toward war debts came from
President Roosevelt toclay and
shortly thereafter the ambassadors
of two nations that arc in default—
France and Belgium—called at Ihe
State Department to discuss the
matter.
The position outlined by the
President called for an insistence
upon payment by the debtor nations,
but a willingness to talk over their
individual problems separately and
give consideration, either to propos
als for token payments or for new
terms of settlement.
WASHINGTON. May 9 (TP). — A
restatement of the American atti
tude toward war debts came from
President Roosevelt toclay and
shortly thereafter the ambassadors
of two nations that arc in default—
France and Belgium—called at Ihe
State Department to discuss the
matter.
The position outlined by the
President called for an insistence
upon payment by the debtor nations,
but a willingness to talk over their
individual problems separately and
give consideration, either to propos
als for token payments or for new
terms of settlement.
WASHINGTON. May 9 (TP). — A
restatement of the American atti
tude toward war debts came from
President Roosevelt toclay and
shortly thereafter the ambassadors
of two nations that arc in default—
France and Belgium—called at Ihe
State Department to discuss the
matter.
The position outlined by the
President called for an insistence
upon payment by the debtor nations,
but a willingness to talk over their
individual problems separately and
give consideration, either to propos
als for token payments or for new
terms of settlement.
WASHINGTON. May 9 (TP). — A
restatement of the American atti
tude toward war debts came from
President Roosevelt toclay and
shortly thereafter the ambassadors
of two nations that arc in default—
France and Belgium—called at Ihe
State Department to discuss the
matter.
The position outlined by the
President called for an insistence
upon payment by the debtor nations,
but a willingness to talk over their
individual problems separately and
give consideration, either to propos
als for token payments or for new
terms of settlement.
WASHINGTON. May 9 (TP). — A
restatement of the American atti
tude toward war debts came from
President Roosevelt toclay and
shortly thereafter the ambassadors
of two nations that arc in default—
France and Belgium—called at Ihe
State Department to discuss the
matter.
The position outlined by the
President called for an insistence
upon payment by the debtor nations,
but a willingness to talk over their
individual problems separately and
give consideration, either to propos
als for token payments or for new
terms of settlement.
WASHINGTON. May 9 (TP). — A
restatement of the American atti
tude toward war debts came from
President Roosevelt toclay and
shortly thereafter the ambassadors
of two nations that arc in default—
France and Belgium—called at Ihe
State Department to discuss the
matter.
The position outlined by the
President called for an insistence
upon payment by the debtor nations,
but a willingness to talk over their
individual problems separately and
give consideration, either to propos
als for token payments or for new
terms of settlement.
WASHINGTON. May 9 (TP). — A
restatement of the American atti
tude toward war debts came from
President Roosevelt toclay and
shortly thereafter the ambassadors
of two nations that arc in default—
France and Belgium—called at Ihe
State Department to discuss the
matter.
The position outlined by the
President called for an insistence
upon payment by the debtor nations,
but a willingness to talk over their
individual problems separately and
give consideration, either to propos
als for token payments or for new
terms of settlement.
WASHINGTON. May 9 (TP). — A
restatement of the American atti
tude toward war debts came from
President Roosevelt toclay and
shortly thereafter the ambassadors
of two nations that arc in default—
France and Belgium—called at Ihe
State Department to discuss the
matter.
The position outlined by the
President called for an insistence
upon payment by the debtor nations,
but a willingness to talk over their
individual problems separately and
give consideration, either to propos
als for token payments or for new
terms of settlement.
WASHINGTON. May 9 (TP). — A
restatement of the American atti
tude toward war debts came from
President Roosevelt toclay and
shortly thereafter the ambassadors
of two nations that arc in default—
France and Belgium—called at Ihe
State Department to discuss the
matter.
The position outlined by the
President called for an insistence
upon payment by the debtor nations,
but a willingness to talk over their
individual problems separately and
give consideration, either to propos
als for token payments or for new
terms of settlement.
