# Current "Alumnus."
## 
### 
The issue of the Alumnus for
this week is given over almost en
tirely to local news. An article is
devoted to the plan of the English
Club to print a book on the early
days of the University, and the
outlook in athletics for this semes
ter is reviewed. The editorial is a
commendation of the work the
English Club has Undertaken in
making its collection of the inci
dents of the beginning of the col
lege.
The issue of the Alumnus for
this week is given over almost en
tirely to local news. An article is
devoted to the plan of the English
Club to print a book on the early
days of the University, and the
outlook in athletics for this semes
ter is reviewed. The editorial is a
commendation of the work the
English Club has Undertaken in
making its collection of the inci
dents of the beginning of the col
lege.
The issue of the Alumnus for
this week is given over almost en
tirely to local news. An article is
devoted to the plan of the English
Club to print a book on the early
days of the University, and the
outlook in athletics for this semes
ter is reviewed. The editorial is a
commendation of the work the
English Club has Undertaken in
making its collection of the inci
dents of the beginning of the col
lege.
The issue of the Alumnus for
this week is given over almost en
tirely to local news. An article is
devoted to the plan of the English
Club to print a book on the early
days of the University, and the
outlook in athletics for this semes
ter is reviewed. The editorial is a
commendation of the work the
English Club has Undertaken in
making its collection of the inci
dents of the beginning of the col
lege.
The issue of the Alumnus for
this week is given over almost en
tirely to local news. An article is
devoted to the plan of the English
Club to print a book on the early
days of the University, and the
outlook in athletics for this semes
ter is reviewed. The editorial is a
commendation of the work the
English Club has Undertaken in
making its collection of the inci
dents of the beginning of the col
lege.
The issue of the Alumnus for
this week is given over almost en
tirely to local news. An article is
devoted to the plan of the English
Club to print a book on the early
days of the University, and the
outlook in athletics for this semes
ter is reviewed. The editorial is a
commendation of the work the
English Club has Undertaken in
making its collection of the inci
dents of the beginning of the col
lege.
The issue of the Alumnus for
this week is given over almost en
tirely to local news. An article is
devoted to the plan of the English
Club to print a book on the early
days of the University, and the
outlook in athletics for this semes
ter is reviewed. The editorial is a
commendation of the work the
English Club has Undertaken in
making its collection of the inci
dents of the beginning of the col
lege.
The issue of the Alumnus for
this week is given over almost en
tirely to local news. An article is
devoted to the plan of the English
Club to print a book on the early
days of the University, and the
outlook in athletics for this semes
ter is reviewed. The editorial is a
commendation of the work the
English Club has Undertaken in
making its collection of the inci
dents of the beginning of the col
lege.
