# Executive Committee Meets.
## 
### 
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students held its regular
weekly meeting last night, hut
transacted only routine business.
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students held its regular
weekly meeting last night, hut
transacted only routine business.
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students held its regular
weekly meeting last night, hut
transacted only routine business.
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students held its regular
weekly meeting last night, hut
transacted only routine business.
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students held its regular
weekly meeting last night, hut
transacted only routine business.
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students held its regular
weekly meeting last night, hut
transacted only routine business.
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students held its regular
weekly meeting last night, hut
transacted only routine business.
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students held its regular
weekly meeting last night, hut
transacted only routine business.
