# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The California Carnot team will
be composed of Hart Greensfelder,
J. l\ Lucey, and Frank Mandel,
with K. L. McWilliams as alter
nate.
The California Carnot team will
be composed of Hart Greensfelder,
J. l\ Lucey, and Frank Mandel,
with K. L. McWilliams as alter
nate.
The California Carnot team will
be composed of Hart Greensfelder,
J. l\ Lucey, and Frank Mandel,
with K. L. McWilliams as alter
nate.
The California Carnot team will
be composed of Hart Greensfelder,
J. l\ Lucey, and Frank Mandel,
with K. L. McWilliams as alter
nate.
The California Carnot team will
be composed of Hart Greensfelder,
J. l\ Lucey, and Frank Mandel,
with K. L. McWilliams as alter
nate.
The California Carnot team will
be composed of Hart Greensfelder,
J. l\ Lucey, and Frank Mandel,
with K. L. McWilliams as alter
nate.
The California Carnot team will
be composed of Hart Greensfelder,
J. l\ Lucey, and Frank Mandel,
with K. L. McWilliams as alter
nate.
The California Carnot team will
be composed of Hart Greensfelder,
J. l\ Lucey, and Frank Mandel,
with K. L. McWilliams as alter
nate.
