# HOOVER CONDEMNS AFTERNOON TEAS
## 
### 
Afternoon teas where sandw iches.
takes, and sugar are consumed still
meet with the disapproval of the United
States Food Administration, despite the
return of peace It believes that the
hours for any social functions can, and
should be, so regulated that they take
the place of one of the three regular
meals.
Tn France and England no meals "are
served after 9:30 o'clock at night, and
in both countries public eating places
are closed for a definite period during
the afternoon. Since the conservation
of sugar and all cereals is of vital im
portance, the Food Administration now
asks that the people of the United
States discontinue theater suppers,
afternoon teas and ail "fourth" meals
until food conditions are less serious.
Afternoon teas where sandw iches.
takes, and sugar are consumed still
meet with the disapproval of the United
States Food Administration, despite the
return of peace It believes that the
hours for any social functions can, and
should be, so regulated that they take
the place of one of the three regular
meals.
Tn France and England no meals "are
served after 9:30 o'clock at night, and
in both countries public eating places
are closed for a definite period during
the afternoon. Since the conservation
of sugar and all cereals is of vital im
portance, the Food Administration now
asks that the people of the United
States discontinue theater suppers,
afternoon teas and ail "fourth" meals
until food conditions are less serious.
Afternoon teas where sandw iches.
takes, and sugar are consumed still
meet with the disapproval of the United
States Food Administration, despite the
return of peace It believes that the
hours for any social functions can, and
should be, so regulated that they take
the place of one of the three regular
meals.
Tn France and England no meals "are
served after 9:30 o'clock at night, and
in both countries public eating places
are closed for a definite period during
the afternoon. Since the conservation
of sugar and all cereals is of vital im
portance, the Food Administration now
asks that the people of the United
States discontinue theater suppers,
afternoon teas and ail "fourth" meals
until food conditions are less serious.
Afternoon teas where sandw iches.
takes, and sugar are consumed still
meet with the disapproval of the United
States Food Administration, despite the
return of peace It believes that the
hours for any social functions can, and
should be, so regulated that they take
the place of one of the three regular
meals.
Tn France and England no meals "are
served after 9:30 o'clock at night, and
in both countries public eating places
are closed for a definite period during
the afternoon. Since the conservation
of sugar and all cereals is of vital im
portance, the Food Administration now
asks that the people of the United
States discontinue theater suppers,
afternoon teas and ail "fourth" meals
until food conditions are less serious.
Afternoon teas where sandw iches.
takes, and sugar are consumed still
meet with the disapproval of the United
States Food Administration, despite the
return of peace It believes that the
hours for any social functions can, and
should be, so regulated that they take
the place of one of the three regular
meals.
Tn France and England no meals "are
served after 9:30 o'clock at night, and
in both countries public eating places
are closed for a definite period during
the afternoon. Since the conservation
of sugar and all cereals is of vital im
portance, the Food Administration now
asks that the people of the United
States discontinue theater suppers,
afternoon teas and ail "fourth" meals
until food conditions are less serious.
Afternoon teas where sandw iches.
takes, and sugar are consumed still
meet with the disapproval of the United
States Food Administration, despite the
return of peace It believes that the
hours for any social functions can, and
should be, so regulated that they take
the place of one of the three regular
meals.
Tn France and England no meals "are
served after 9:30 o'clock at night, and
in both countries public eating places
are closed for a definite period during
the afternoon. Since the conservation
of sugar and all cereals is of vital im
portance, the Food Administration now
asks that the people of the United
States discontinue theater suppers,
afternoon teas and ail "fourth" meals
until food conditions are less serious.
Afternoon teas where sandw iches.
takes, and sugar are consumed still
meet with the disapproval of the United
States Food Administration, despite the
return of peace It believes that the
hours for any social functions can, and
should be, so regulated that they take
the place of one of the three regular
meals.
Tn France and England no meals "are
served after 9:30 o'clock at night, and
in both countries public eating places
are closed for a definite period during
the afternoon. Since the conservation
of sugar and all cereals is of vital im
portance, the Food Administration now
asks that the people of the United
States discontinue theater suppers,
afternoon teas and ail "fourth" meals
until food conditions are less serious.
Afternoon teas where sandw iches.
takes, and sugar are consumed still
meet with the disapproval of the United
States Food Administration, despite the
return of peace It believes that the
hours for any social functions can, and
should be, so regulated that they take
the place of one of the three regular
meals.
Tn France and England no meals "are
served after 9:30 o'clock at night, and
in both countries public eating places
are closed for a definite period during
the afternoon. Since the conservation
of sugar and all cereals is of vital im
portance, the Food Administration now
asks that the people of the United
States discontinue theater suppers,
afternoon teas and ail "fourth" meals
until food conditions are less serious.
Afternoon teas where sandw iches.
takes, and sugar are consumed still
meet with the disapproval of the United
States Food Administration, despite the
return of peace It believes that the
hours for any social functions can, and
should be, so regulated that they take
the place of one of the three regular
meals.
Tn France and England no meals "are
served after 9:30 o'clock at night, and
in both countries public eating places
are closed for a definite period during
the afternoon. Since the conservation
of sugar and all cereals is of vital im
portance, the Food Administration now
asks that the people of the United
States discontinue theater suppers,
afternoon teas and ail "fourth" meals
until food conditions are less serious.
Afternoon teas where sandw iches.
takes, and sugar are consumed still
meet with the disapproval of the United
States Food Administration, despite the
return of peace It believes that the
hours for any social functions can, and
should be, so regulated that they take
the place of one of the three regular
meals.
Tn France and England no meals "are
served after 9:30 o'clock at night, and
in both countries public eating places
are closed for a definite period during
the afternoon. Since the conservation
of sugar and all cereals is of vital im
portance, the Food Administration now
asks that the people of the United
States discontinue theater suppers,
afternoon teas and ail "fourth" meals
until food conditions are less serious.
Afternoon teas where sandw iches.
takes, and sugar are consumed still
meet with the disapproval of the United
States Food Administration, despite the
return of peace It believes that the
hours for any social functions can, and
should be, so regulated that they take
the place of one of the three regular
meals.
Tn France and England no meals "are
served after 9:30 o'clock at night, and
in both countries public eating places
are closed for a definite period during
the afternoon. Since the conservation
of sugar and all cereals is of vital im
portance, the Food Administration now
asks that the people of the United
States discontinue theater suppers,
afternoon teas and ail "fourth" meals
until food conditions are less serious.
Afternoon teas where sandw iches.
takes, and sugar are consumed still
meet with the disapproval of the United
States Food Administration, despite the
return of peace It believes that the
hours for any social functions can, and
should be, so regulated that they take
the place of one of the three regular
meals.
Tn France and England no meals "are
served after 9:30 o'clock at night, and
in both countries public eating places
are closed for a definite period during
the afternoon. Since the conservation
of sugar and all cereals is of vital im
portance, the Food Administration now
asks that the people of the United
States discontinue theater suppers,
afternoon teas and ail "fourth" meals
until food conditions are less serious.
Afternoon teas where sandw iches.
takes, and sugar are consumed still
meet with the disapproval of the United
States Food Administration, despite the
return of peace It believes that the
hours for any social functions can, and
should be, so regulated that they take
the place of one of the three regular
meals.
Tn France and England no meals "are
served after 9:30 o'clock at night, and
in both countries public eating places
are closed for a definite period during
the afternoon. Since the conservation
of sugar and all cereals is of vital im
portance, the Food Administration now
asks that the people of the United
States discontinue theater suppers,
afternoon teas and ail "fourth" meals
until food conditions are less serious.
Afternoon teas where sandw iches.
takes, and sugar are consumed still
meet with the disapproval of the United
States Food Administration, despite the
return of peace It believes that the
hours for any social functions can, and
should be, so regulated that they take
the place of one of the three regular
meals.
Tn France and England no meals "are
served after 9:30 o'clock at night, and
in both countries public eating places
are closed for a definite period during
the afternoon. Since the conservation
of sugar and all cereals is of vital im
portance, the Food Administration now
asks that the people of the United
States discontinue theater suppers,
afternoon teas and ail "fourth" meals
until food conditions are less serious.
Afternoon teas where sandw iches.
takes, and sugar are consumed still
meet with the disapproval of the United
States Food Administration, despite the
return of peace It believes that the
hours for any social functions can, and
should be, so regulated that they take
the place of one of the three regular
meals.
Tn France and England no meals "are
served after 9:30 o'clock at night, and
in both countries public eating places
are closed for a definite period during
the afternoon. Since the conservation
of sugar and all cereals is of vital im
portance, the Food Administration now
asks that the people of the United
States discontinue theater suppers,
afternoon teas and ail "fourth" meals
until food conditions are less serious.
Afternoon teas where sandw iches.
takes, and sugar are consumed still
meet with the disapproval of the United
States Food Administration, despite the
return of peace It believes that the
hours for any social functions can, and
should be, so regulated that they take
the place of one of the three regular
meals.
Tn France and England no meals "are
served after 9:30 o'clock at night, and
in both countries public eating places
are closed for a definite period during
the afternoon. Since the conservation
of sugar and all cereals is of vital im
portance, the Food Administration now
asks that the people of the United
States discontinue theater suppers,
afternoon teas and ail "fourth" meals
until food conditions are less serious.
