# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Miss Bertha Hook. '12. lias obtained
the position of English and Spanish
teacher in the Oceanside High School.
Miss Bertha Hook. '12. lias obtained
the position of English and Spanish
teacher in the Oceanside High School.
Miss Bertha Hook. '12. lias obtained
the position of English and Spanish
teacher in the Oceanside High School.
Miss Bertha Hook. '12. lias obtained
the position of English and Spanish
teacher in the Oceanside High School.
Miss Bertha Hook. '12. lias obtained
the position of English and Spanish
teacher in the Oceanside High School.
Miss Bertha Hook. '12. lias obtained
the position of English and Spanish
teacher in the Oceanside High School.
Miss Bertha Hook. '12. lias obtained
the position of English and Spanish
teacher in the Oceanside High School.
Miss Bertha Hook. '12. lias obtained
the position of English and Spanish
teacher in the Oceanside High School.
Miss Bertha Hook. '12. lias obtained
the position of English and Spanish
teacher in the Oceanside High School.
Miss Bertha Hook. '12. lias obtained
the position of English and Spanish
teacher in the Oceanside High School.
Miss Bertha Hook. '12. lias obtained
the position of English and Spanish
teacher in the Oceanside High School.
Miss Bertha Hook. '12. lias obtained
the position of English and Spanish
teacher in the Oceanside High School.
Miss Bertha Hook. '12. lias obtained
the position of English and Spanish
teacher in the Oceanside High School.
Miss Bertha Hook. '12. lias obtained
the position of English and Spanish
teacher in the Oceanside High School.
Miss Bertha Hook. '12. lias obtained
the position of English and Spanish
teacher in the Oceanside High School.
Miss Bertha Hook. '12. lias obtained
the position of English and Spanish
teacher in the Oceanside High School.
