# Molnar Announces Winter Musicales
## 
### 
The Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, now in its fifth year under the
direction of Ferenc Molnar, wi!i be
heard in two programs during De
cember and January, it was an
nounced yesterday by the Division
of Music.
"We now have 45 players and the
prospect of at least 15 more students
and townspeople joining in these pro
grams," said Mr. Molnar. Players can
be used in all sections, but espe
cially those having their own instru
ments are desired for oboe, bassoon,
trombone, and double basses, Mr.
Molnar also said.
First appearance of the orchestra
will be on Wednesday, Dec. 22, in the
Memorial Hall when the Physical
Education and Division of Music de
partments cooperate in a Christmas
carol program.
The orchestra will play the over
ture, a group of carols, and accom
pany a dance recital by Orchesis.
Tentative plans for an all-orches
tral evening in January have been
made by Mr. Molnar. A program of
Mozart, Goldmark, ProkofiefT, the
Sakuntal Overture is planned. A
commentator will assist in the nar
rative. but final plans and names of
individual performers will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, now in its fifth year under the
direction of Ferenc Molnar, wi!i be
heard in two programs during De
cember and January, it was an
nounced yesterday by the Division
of Music.
"We now have 45 players and the
prospect of at least 15 more students
and townspeople joining in these pro
grams," said Mr. Molnar. Players can
be used in all sections, but espe
cially those having their own instru
ments are desired for oboe, bassoon,
trombone, and double basses, Mr.
Molnar also said.
First appearance of the orchestra
will be on Wednesday, Dec. 22, in the
Memorial Hall when the Physical
Education and Division of Music de
partments cooperate in a Christmas
carol program.
The orchestra will play the over
ture, a group of carols, and accom
pany a dance recital by Orchesis.
Tentative plans for an all-orches
tral evening in January have been
made by Mr. Molnar. A program of
Mozart, Goldmark, ProkofiefT, the
Sakuntal Overture is planned. A
commentator will assist in the nar
rative. but final plans and names of
individual performers will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, now in its fifth year under the
direction of Ferenc Molnar, wi!i be
heard in two programs during De
cember and January, it was an
nounced yesterday by the Division
of Music.
"We now have 45 players and the
prospect of at least 15 more students
and townspeople joining in these pro
grams," said Mr. Molnar. Players can
be used in all sections, but espe
cially those having their own instru
ments are desired for oboe, bassoon,
trombone, and double basses, Mr.
Molnar also said.
First appearance of the orchestra
will be on Wednesday, Dec. 22, in the
Memorial Hall when the Physical
Education and Division of Music de
partments cooperate in a Christmas
carol program.
The orchestra will play the over
ture, a group of carols, and accom
pany a dance recital by Orchesis.
Tentative plans for an all-orches
tral evening in January have been
made by Mr. Molnar. A program of
Mozart, Goldmark, ProkofiefT, the
Sakuntal Overture is planned. A
commentator will assist in the nar
rative. but final plans and names of
individual performers will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, now in its fifth year under the
direction of Ferenc Molnar, wi!i be
heard in two programs during De
cember and January, it was an
nounced yesterday by the Division
of Music.
"We now have 45 players and the
prospect of at least 15 more students
and townspeople joining in these pro
grams," said Mr. Molnar. Players can
be used in all sections, but espe
cially those having their own instru
ments are desired for oboe, bassoon,
trombone, and double basses, Mr.
Molnar also said.
First appearance of the orchestra
will be on Wednesday, Dec. 22, in the
Memorial Hall when the Physical
Education and Division of Music de
partments cooperate in a Christmas
carol program.
The orchestra will play the over
ture, a group of carols, and accom
pany a dance recital by Orchesis.
Tentative plans for an all-orches
tral evening in January have been
made by Mr. Molnar. A program of
Mozart, Goldmark, ProkofiefT, the
Sakuntal Overture is planned. A
commentator will assist in the nar
rative. but final plans and names of
individual performers will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, now in its fifth year under the
direction of Ferenc Molnar, wi!i be
heard in two programs during De
cember and January, it was an
nounced yesterday by the Division
of Music.
"We now have 45 players and the
prospect of at least 15 more students
and townspeople joining in these pro
grams," said Mr. Molnar. Players can
be used in all sections, but espe
cially those having their own instru
ments are desired for oboe, bassoon,
trombone, and double basses, Mr.
Molnar also said.
First appearance of the orchestra
will be on Wednesday, Dec. 22, in the
Memorial Hall when the Physical
Education and Division of Music de
partments cooperate in a Christmas
carol program.
The orchestra will play the over
ture, a group of carols, and accom
pany a dance recital by Orchesis.
Tentative plans for an all-orches
tral evening in January have been
made by Mr. Molnar. A program of
Mozart, Goldmark, ProkofiefT, the
Sakuntal Overture is planned. A
commentator will assist in the nar
rative. but final plans and names of
individual performers will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, now in its fifth year under the
direction of Ferenc Molnar, wi!i be
heard in two programs during De
cember and January, it was an
nounced yesterday by the Division
of Music.
"We now have 45 players and the
prospect of at least 15 more students
and townspeople joining in these pro
grams," said Mr. Molnar. Players can
be used in all sections, but espe
cially those having their own instru
ments are desired for oboe, bassoon,
trombone, and double basses, Mr.
Molnar also said.
First appearance of the orchestra
will be on Wednesday, Dec. 22, in the
Memorial Hall when the Physical
Education and Division of Music de
partments cooperate in a Christmas
carol program.
The orchestra will play the over
ture, a group of carols, and accom
pany a dance recital by Orchesis.
Tentative plans for an all-orches
tral evening in January have been
made by Mr. Molnar. A program of
Mozart, Goldmark, ProkofiefT, the
Sakuntal Overture is planned. A
commentator will assist in the nar
rative. but final plans and names of
individual performers will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, now in its fifth year under the
direction of Ferenc Molnar, wi!i be
heard in two programs during De
cember and January, it was an
nounced yesterday by the Division
of Music.
"We now have 45 players and the
prospect of at least 15 more students
and townspeople joining in these pro
grams," said Mr. Molnar. Players can
be used in all sections, but espe
cially those having their own instru
ments are desired for oboe, bassoon,
trombone, and double basses, Mr.
Molnar also said.
First appearance of the orchestra
will be on Wednesday, Dec. 22, in the
Memorial Hall when the Physical
Education and Division of Music de
partments cooperate in a Christmas
carol program.
The orchestra will play the over
ture, a group of carols, and accom
pany a dance recital by Orchesis.
Tentative plans for an all-orches
tral evening in January have been
made by Mr. Molnar. A program of
Mozart, Goldmark, ProkofiefT, the
Sakuntal Overture is planned. A
commentator will assist in the nar
rative. but final plans and names of
individual performers will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, now in its fifth year under the
direction of Ferenc Molnar, wi!i be
heard in two programs during De
cember and January, it was an
nounced yesterday by the Division
of Music.
"We now have 45 players and the
prospect of at least 15 more students
and townspeople joining in these pro
grams," said Mr. Molnar. Players can
be used in all sections, but espe
cially those having their own instru
ments are desired for oboe, bassoon,
trombone, and double basses, Mr.
Molnar also said.
First appearance of the orchestra
will be on Wednesday, Dec. 22, in the
Memorial Hall when the Physical
Education and Division of Music de
partments cooperate in a Christmas
carol program.
The orchestra will play the over
ture, a group of carols, and accom
pany a dance recital by Orchesis.
Tentative plans for an all-orches
tral evening in January have been
made by Mr. Molnar. A program of
Mozart, Goldmark, ProkofiefT, the
Sakuntal Overture is planned. A
commentator will assist in the nar
rative. but final plans and names of
individual performers will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, now in its fifth year under the
direction of Ferenc Molnar, wi!i be
heard in two programs during De
cember and January, it was an
nounced yesterday by the Division
of Music.
"We now have 45 players and the
prospect of at least 15 more students
and townspeople joining in these pro
grams," said Mr. Molnar. Players can
be used in all sections, but espe
cially those having their own instru
ments are desired for oboe, bassoon,
trombone, and double basses, Mr.
Molnar also said.
First appearance of the orchestra
will be on Wednesday, Dec. 22, in the
Memorial Hall when the Physical
Education and Division of Music de
partments cooperate in a Christmas
carol program.
The orchestra will play the over
ture, a group of carols, and accom
pany a dance recital by Orchesis.
Tentative plans for an all-orches
tral evening in January have been
made by Mr. Molnar. A program of
Mozart, Goldmark, ProkofiefT, the
Sakuntal Overture is planned. A
commentator will assist in the nar
rative. but final plans and names of
individual performers will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, now in its fifth year under the
direction of Ferenc Molnar, wi!i be
heard in two programs during De
cember and January, it was an
nounced yesterday by the Division
of Music.
"We now have 45 players and the
prospect of at least 15 more students
and townspeople joining in these pro
grams," said Mr. Molnar. Players can
be used in all sections, but espe
cially those having their own instru
ments are desired for oboe, bassoon,
trombone, and double basses, Mr.
Molnar also said.
First appearance of the orchestra
will be on Wednesday, Dec. 22, in the
Memorial Hall when the Physical
Education and Division of Music de
partments cooperate in a Christmas
carol program.
The orchestra will play the over
ture, a group of carols, and accom
pany a dance recital by Orchesis.
Tentative plans for an all-orches
tral evening in January have been
made by Mr. Molnar. A program of
Mozart, Goldmark, ProkofiefT, the
Sakuntal Overture is planned. A
commentator will assist in the nar
rative. but final plans and names of
individual performers will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, now in its fifth year under the
direction of Ferenc Molnar, wi!i be
heard in two programs during De
cember and January, it was an
nounced yesterday by the Division
of Music.
"We now have 45 players and the
prospect of at least 15 more students
and townspeople joining in these pro
grams," said Mr. Molnar. Players can
be used in all sections, but espe
cially those having their own instru
ments are desired for oboe, bassoon,
trombone, and double basses, Mr.
Molnar also said.
First appearance of the orchestra
will be on Wednesday, Dec. 22, in the
Memorial Hall when the Physical
Education and Division of Music de
partments cooperate in a Christmas
carol program.
The orchestra will play the over
ture, a group of carols, and accom
pany a dance recital by Orchesis.
Tentative plans for an all-orches
tral evening in January have been
made by Mr. Molnar. A program of
Mozart, Goldmark, ProkofiefT, the
Sakuntal Overture is planned. A
commentator will assist in the nar
rative. but final plans and names of
individual performers will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, now in its fifth year under the
direction of Ferenc Molnar, wi!i be
heard in two programs during De
cember and January, it was an
nounced yesterday by the Division
of Music.
"We now have 45 players and the
prospect of at least 15 more students
and townspeople joining in these pro
grams," said Mr. Molnar. Players can
be used in all sections, but espe
cially those having their own instru
ments are desired for oboe, bassoon,
trombone, and double basses, Mr.
Molnar also said.
First appearance of the orchestra
will be on Wednesday, Dec. 22, in the
Memorial Hall when the Physical
Education and Division of Music de
partments cooperate in a Christmas
carol program.
The orchestra will play the over
ture, a group of carols, and accom
pany a dance recital by Orchesis.
Tentative plans for an all-orches
tral evening in January have been
made by Mr. Molnar. A program of
Mozart, Goldmark, ProkofiefT, the
Sakuntal Overture is planned. A
commentator will assist in the nar
rative. but final plans and names of
individual performers will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, now in its fifth year under the
direction of Ferenc Molnar, wi!i be
heard in two programs during De
cember and January, it was an
nounced yesterday by the Division
of Music.
"We now have 45 players and the
prospect of at least 15 more students
and townspeople joining in these pro
grams," said Mr. Molnar. Players can
be used in all sections, but espe
cially those having their own instru
ments are desired for oboe, bassoon,
trombone, and double basses, Mr.
Molnar also said.
First appearance of the orchestra
will be on Wednesday, Dec. 22, in the
Memorial Hall when the Physical
Education and Division of Music de
partments cooperate in a Christmas
carol program.
The orchestra will play the over
ture, a group of carols, and accom
pany a dance recital by Orchesis.
Tentative plans for an all-orches
tral evening in January have been
made by Mr. Molnar. A program of
Mozart, Goldmark, ProkofiefT, the
Sakuntal Overture is planned. A
commentator will assist in the nar
rative. but final plans and names of
individual performers will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, now in its fifth year under the
direction of Ferenc Molnar, wi!i be
heard in two programs during De
cember and January, it was an
nounced yesterday by the Division
of Music.
"We now have 45 players and the
prospect of at least 15 more students
and townspeople joining in these pro
grams," said Mr. Molnar. Players can
be used in all sections, but espe
cially those having their own instru
ments are desired for oboe, bassoon,
trombone, and double basses, Mr.
Molnar also said.
First appearance of the orchestra
will be on Wednesday, Dec. 22, in the
Memorial Hall when the Physical
Education and Division of Music de
partments cooperate in a Christmas
carol program.
The orchestra will play the over
ture, a group of carols, and accom
pany a dance recital by Orchesis.
Tentative plans for an all-orches
tral evening in January have been
made by Mr. Molnar. A program of
Mozart, Goldmark, ProkofiefT, the
Sakuntal Overture is planned. A
commentator will assist in the nar
rative. but final plans and names of
individual performers will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, now in its fifth year under the
direction of Ferenc Molnar, wi!i be
heard in two programs during De
cember and January, it was an
nounced yesterday by the Division
of Music.
"We now have 45 players and the
prospect of at least 15 more students
and townspeople joining in these pro
grams," said Mr. Molnar. Players can
be used in all sections, but espe
cially those having their own instru
ments are desired for oboe, bassoon,
trombone, and double basses, Mr.
Molnar also said.
First appearance of the orchestra
will be on Wednesday, Dec. 22, in the
Memorial Hall when the Physical
Education and Division of Music de
partments cooperate in a Christmas
carol program.
The orchestra will play the over
ture, a group of carols, and accom
pany a dance recital by Orchesis.
Tentative plans for an all-orches
tral evening in January have been
made by Mr. Molnar. A program of
Mozart, Goldmark, ProkofiefT, the
Sakuntal Overture is planned. A
commentator will assist in the nar
rative. but final plans and names of
individual performers will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, now in its fifth year under the
direction of Ferenc Molnar, wi!i be
heard in two programs during De
cember and January, it was an
nounced yesterday by the Division
of Music.
"We now have 45 players and the
prospect of at least 15 more students
and townspeople joining in these pro
grams," said Mr. Molnar. Players can
be used in all sections, but espe
cially those having their own instru
ments are desired for oboe, bassoon,
trombone, and double basses, Mr.
Molnar also said.
First appearance of the orchestra
will be on Wednesday, Dec. 22, in the
Memorial Hall when the Physical
Education and Division of Music de
partments cooperate in a Christmas
carol program.
The orchestra will play the over
ture, a group of carols, and accom
pany a dance recital by Orchesis.
Tentative plans for an all-orches
tral evening in January have been
made by Mr. Molnar. A program of
Mozart, Goldmark, ProkofiefT, the
Sakuntal Overture is planned. A
commentator will assist in the nar
rative. but final plans and names of
individual performers will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, now in its fifth year under the
direction of Ferenc Molnar, wi!i be
heard in two programs during De
cember and January, it was an
nounced yesterday by the Division
of Music.
"We now have 45 players and the
prospect of at least 15 more students
and townspeople joining in these pro
grams," said Mr. Molnar. Players can
be used in all sections, but espe
cially those having their own instru
ments are desired for oboe, bassoon,
trombone, and double basses, Mr.
Molnar also said.
First appearance of the orchestra
will be on Wednesday, Dec. 22, in the
Memorial Hall when the Physical
Education and Division of Music de
partments cooperate in a Christmas
carol program.
The orchestra will play the over
ture, a group of carols, and accom
pany a dance recital by Orchesis.
Tentative plans for an all-orches
tral evening in January have been
made by Mr. Molnar. A program of
Mozart, Goldmark, ProkofiefT, the
Sakuntal Overture is planned. A
commentator will assist in the nar
rative. but final plans and names of
individual performers will be an
nounced later.
