# BULLETIN BOARD
## 
### 
Y WAR MARRIAGES GROUP will
meet today at 1 p.m. in the Y
rooms with Mrs. Harold Rathbun
as speaker.
Y WAR MARRIAGES GROUP will
meet today at 1 p.m. in the Y
rooms with Mrs. Harold Rathbun
as speaker.
Y WAR MARRIAGES GROUP will
meet today at 1 p.m. in the Y
rooms with Mrs. Harold Rathbun
as speaker.
Y WAR MARRIAGES GROUP will
meet today at 1 p.m. in the Y
rooms with Mrs. Harold Rathbun
as speaker.
Y WAR MARRIAGES GROUP will
meet today at 1 p.m. in the Y
rooms with Mrs. Harold Rathbun
as speaker.
Y WAR MARRIAGES GROUP will
meet today at 1 p.m. in the Y
rooms with Mrs. Harold Rathbun
as speaker.
Y WAR MARRIAGES GROUP will
meet today at 1 p.m. in the Y
rooms with Mrs. Harold Rathbun
as speaker.
Y WAR MARRIAGES GROUP will
meet today at 1 p.m. in the Y
rooms with Mrs. Harold Rathbun
as speaker.
Y WAR MARRIAGES GROUP will
meet today at 1 p.m. in the Y
rooms with Mrs. Harold Rathbun
as speaker.
Y WAR MARRIAGES GROUP will
meet today at 1 p.m. in the Y
rooms with Mrs. Harold Rathbun
as speaker.
Y WAR MARRIAGES GROUP will
meet today at 1 p.m. in the Y
rooms with Mrs. Harold Rathbun
as speaker.
Y WAR MARRIAGES GROUP will
meet today at 1 p.m. in the Y
rooms with Mrs. Harold Rathbun
as speaker.
Y WAR MARRIAGES GROUP will
meet today at 1 p.m. in the Y
rooms with Mrs. Harold Rathbun
as speaker.
Y WAR MARRIAGES GROUP will
meet today at 1 p.m. in the Y
rooms with Mrs. Harold Rathbun
as speaker.
Y WAR MARRIAGES GROUP will
meet today at 1 p.m. in the Y
rooms with Mrs. Harold Rathbun
as speaker.
Y WAR MARRIAGES GROUP will
meet today at 1 p.m. in the Y
rooms with Mrs. Harold Rathbun
as speaker.
Y WAR MARRIAGES GROUP will
meet today at 1 p.m. in the Y
rooms with Mrs. Harold Rathbun
as speaker.
