# Tresidders at Home To Students Sunday
## 
### 
Dr. and Mrs. Trcsidder will be a(
home from 7:30 to 9 (his Sunday
evening. Nov. 14, to 150 students
from (he men's halls, Lagunita. and
llirec sororities: Alpha Omicron Pi.
Alpha Phi, and Chi Omega. Later in
(he quarter o(her students will he
given a chance (o attend subsequent
at-homes.
Dr. and Mrs. Trcsidder will be a(
home from 7:30 to 9 (his Sunday
evening. Nov. 14, to 150 students
from (he men's halls, Lagunita. and
llirec sororities: Alpha Omicron Pi.
Alpha Phi, and Chi Omega. Later in
(he quarter o(her students will he
given a chance (o attend subsequent
at-homes.
Dr. and Mrs. Trcsidder will be a(
home from 7:30 to 9 (his Sunday
evening. Nov. 14, to 150 students
from (he men's halls, Lagunita. and
llirec sororities: Alpha Omicron Pi.
Alpha Phi, and Chi Omega. Later in
(he quarter o(her students will he
given a chance (o attend subsequent
at-homes.
Dr. and Mrs. Trcsidder will be a(
home from 7:30 to 9 (his Sunday
evening. Nov. 14, to 150 students
from (he men's halls, Lagunita. and
llirec sororities: Alpha Omicron Pi.
Alpha Phi, and Chi Omega. Later in
(he quarter o(her students will he
given a chance (o attend subsequent
at-homes.
Dr. and Mrs. Trcsidder will be a(
home from 7:30 to 9 (his Sunday
evening. Nov. 14, to 150 students
from (he men's halls, Lagunita. and
llirec sororities: Alpha Omicron Pi.
Alpha Phi, and Chi Omega. Later in
(he quarter o(her students will he
given a chance (o attend subsequent
at-homes.
Dr. and Mrs. Trcsidder will be a(
home from 7:30 to 9 (his Sunday
evening. Nov. 14, to 150 students
from (he men's halls, Lagunita. and
llirec sororities: Alpha Omicron Pi.
Alpha Phi, and Chi Omega. Later in
(he quarter o(her students will he
given a chance (o attend subsequent
at-homes.
Dr. and Mrs. Trcsidder will be a(
home from 7:30 to 9 (his Sunday
evening. Nov. 14, to 150 students
from (he men's halls, Lagunita. and
llirec sororities: Alpha Omicron Pi.
Alpha Phi, and Chi Omega. Later in
(he quarter o(her students will he
given a chance (o attend subsequent
at-homes.
Dr. and Mrs. Trcsidder will be a(
home from 7:30 to 9 (his Sunday
evening. Nov. 14, to 150 students
from (he men's halls, Lagunita. and
llirec sororities: Alpha Omicron Pi.
Alpha Phi, and Chi Omega. Later in
(he quarter o(her students will he
given a chance (o attend subsequent
at-homes.
Dr. and Mrs. Trcsidder will be a(
home from 7:30 to 9 (his Sunday
evening. Nov. 14, to 150 students
from (he men's halls, Lagunita. and
llirec sororities: Alpha Omicron Pi.
Alpha Phi, and Chi Omega. Later in
(he quarter o(her students will he
given a chance (o attend subsequent
at-homes.
Dr. and Mrs. Trcsidder will be a(
home from 7:30 to 9 (his Sunday
evening. Nov. 14, to 150 students
from (he men's halls, Lagunita. and
llirec sororities: Alpha Omicron Pi.
Alpha Phi, and Chi Omega. Later in
(he quarter o(her students will he
given a chance (o attend subsequent
at-homes.
Dr. and Mrs. Trcsidder will be a(
home from 7:30 to 9 (his Sunday
evening. Nov. 14, to 150 students
from (he men's halls, Lagunita. and
llirec sororities: Alpha Omicron Pi.
Alpha Phi, and Chi Omega. Later in
(he quarter o(her students will he
given a chance (o attend subsequent
at-homes.
Dr. and Mrs. Trcsidder will be a(
home from 7:30 to 9 (his Sunday
evening. Nov. 14, to 150 students
from (he men's halls, Lagunita. and
llirec sororities: Alpha Omicron Pi.
Alpha Phi, and Chi Omega. Later in
(he quarter o(her students will he
given a chance (o attend subsequent
at-homes.
Dr. and Mrs. Trcsidder will be a(
home from 7:30 to 9 (his Sunday
evening. Nov. 14, to 150 students
from (he men's halls, Lagunita. and
llirec sororities: Alpha Omicron Pi.
Alpha Phi, and Chi Omega. Later in
(he quarter o(her students will he
given a chance (o attend subsequent
at-homes.
Dr. and Mrs. Trcsidder will be a(
home from 7:30 to 9 (his Sunday
evening. Nov. 14, to 150 students
from (he men's halls, Lagunita. and
llirec sororities: Alpha Omicron Pi.
Alpha Phi, and Chi Omega. Later in
(he quarter o(her students will he
given a chance (o attend subsequent
at-homes.
Dr. and Mrs. Trcsidder will be a(
home from 7:30 to 9 (his Sunday
evening. Nov. 14, to 150 students
from (he men's halls, Lagunita. and
llirec sororities: Alpha Omicron Pi.
Alpha Phi, and Chi Omega. Later in
(he quarter o(her students will he
given a chance (o attend subsequent
at-homes.
Dr. and Mrs. Trcsidder will be a(
home from 7:30 to 9 (his Sunday
evening. Nov. 14, to 150 students
from (he men's halls, Lagunita. and
llirec sororities: Alpha Omicron Pi.
Alpha Phi, and Chi Omega. Later in
(he quarter o(her students will he
given a chance (o attend subsequent
at-homes.
Dr. and Mrs. Trcsidder will be a(
home from 7:30 to 9 (his Sunday
evening. Nov. 14, to 150 students
from (he men's halls, Lagunita. and
llirec sororities: Alpha Omicron Pi.
Alpha Phi, and Chi Omega. Later in
(he quarter o(her students will he
given a chance (o attend subsequent
at-homes.
