# Adv. 7 Page 4
## 
### 
$10 Box of Dixie Dixon
Chocolates
to be given to the one
who suggests the best
new name for the Alto
mont Creamery of Palo
Alto now under new
management and under
going alternations.
Send contributions to
Altomont Creamery be
fore Wednesday, Octo
ber 10. Winner to be
notified personally.
$10 Box of Dixie Dixon
Chocolates
to be given to the one
who suggests the best
new name for the Alto
mont Creamery of Palo
Alto now under new
management and under
going alternations.
Send contributions to
Altomont Creamery be
fore Wednesday, Octo
ber 10. Winner to be
notified personally.
$10 Box of Dixie Dixon
Chocolates
to be given to the one
who suggests the best
new name for the Alto
mont Creamery of Palo
Alto now under new
management and under
going alternations.
Send contributions to
Altomont Creamery be
fore Wednesday, Octo
ber 10. Winner to be
notified personally.
$10 Box of Dixie Dixon
Chocolates
to be given to the one
who suggests the best
new name for the Alto
mont Creamery of Palo
Alto now under new
management and under
going alternations.
Send contributions to
Altomont Creamery be
fore Wednesday, Octo
ber 10. Winner to be
notified personally.
$10 Box of Dixie Dixon
Chocolates
to be given to the one
who suggests the best
new name for the Alto
mont Creamery of Palo
Alto now under new
management and under
going alternations.
Send contributions to
Altomont Creamery be
fore Wednesday, Octo
ber 10. Winner to be
notified personally.
$10 Box of Dixie Dixon
Chocolates
to be given to the one
who suggests the best
new name for the Alto
mont Creamery of Palo
Alto now under new
management and under
going alternations.
Send contributions to
Altomont Creamery be
fore Wednesday, Octo
ber 10. Winner to be
notified personally.
$10 Box of Dixie Dixon
Chocolates
to be given to the one
who suggests the best
new name for the Alto
mont Creamery of Palo
Alto now under new
management and under
going alternations.
Send contributions to
Altomont Creamery be
fore Wednesday, Octo
ber 10. Winner to be
notified personally.
$10 Box of Dixie Dixon
Chocolates
to be given to the one
who suggests the best
new name for the Alto
mont Creamery of Palo
Alto now under new
management and under
going alternations.
Send contributions to
Altomont Creamery be
fore Wednesday, Octo
ber 10. Winner to be
notified personally.
$10 Box of Dixie Dixon
Chocolates
to be given to the one
who suggests the best
new name for the Alto
mont Creamery of Palo
Alto now under new
management and under
going alternations.
Send contributions to
Altomont Creamery be
fore Wednesday, Octo
ber 10. Winner to be
notified personally.
$10 Box of Dixie Dixon
Chocolates
to be given to the one
who suggests the best
new name for the Alto
mont Creamery of Palo
Alto now under new
management and under
going alternations.
Send contributions to
Altomont Creamery be
fore Wednesday, Octo
ber 10. Winner to be
notified personally.
$10 Box of Dixie Dixon
Chocolates
to be given to the one
who suggests the best
new name for the Alto
mont Creamery of Palo
Alto now under new
management and under
going alternations.
Send contributions to
Altomont Creamery be
fore Wednesday, Octo
ber 10. Winner to be
notified personally.
$10 Box of Dixie Dixon
Chocolates
to be given to the one
who suggests the best
new name for the Alto
mont Creamery of Palo
Alto now under new
management and under
going alternations.
Send contributions to
Altomont Creamery be
fore Wednesday, Octo
ber 10. Winner to be
notified personally.
$10 Box of Dixie Dixon
Chocolates
to be given to the one
who suggests the best
new name for the Alto
mont Creamery of Palo
Alto now under new
management and under
going alternations.
Send contributions to
Altomont Creamery be
fore Wednesday, Octo
ber 10. Winner to be
notified personally.
$10 Box of Dixie Dixon
Chocolates
to be given to the one
who suggests the best
new name for the Alto
mont Creamery of Palo
Alto now under new
management and under
going alternations.
Send contributions to
Altomont Creamery be
fore Wednesday, Octo
ber 10. Winner to be
notified personally.
$10 Box of Dixie Dixon
Chocolates
to be given to the one
who suggests the best
new name for the Alto
mont Creamery of Palo
Alto now under new
management and under
going alternations.
Send contributions to
Altomont Creamery be
fore Wednesday, Octo
ber 10. Winner to be
notified personally.
$10 Box of Dixie Dixon
Chocolates
to be given to the one
who suggests the best
new name for the Alto
mont Creamery of Palo
Alto now under new
management and under
going alternations.
Send contributions to
Altomont Creamery be
fore Wednesday, Octo
ber 10. Winner to be
notified personally.
