# Allen Calls Rehearsals Of University Orchestra
## 
### 
Rehearsals of the University Or
chestra will begin next Tuesday eve
ning at 7:15 o'clock in Room 84. As
in the past, Mr. Allen, University or
ganist, will conduct, with the addi
tional assistance this year of C. A.
Kulmann, director of the Glee Club.
Tryoutees for positions in the
string or wind instruments must re
port at this first rehearsal. All old
members of the Orchestra are also
urged to attend.
Rehearsals of the University Or
chestra will begin next Tuesday eve
ning at 7:15 o'clock in Room 84. As
in the past, Mr. Allen, University or
ganist, will conduct, with the addi
tional assistance this year of C. A.
Kulmann, director of the Glee Club.
Tryoutees for positions in the
string or wind instruments must re
port at this first rehearsal. All old
members of the Orchestra are also
urged to attend.
Rehearsals of the University Or
chestra will begin next Tuesday eve
ning at 7:15 o'clock in Room 84. As
in the past, Mr. Allen, University or
ganist, will conduct, with the addi
tional assistance this year of C. A.
Kulmann, director of the Glee Club.
Tryoutees for positions in the
string or wind instruments must re
port at this first rehearsal. All old
members of the Orchestra are also
urged to attend.
Rehearsals of the University Or
chestra will begin next Tuesday eve
ning at 7:15 o'clock in Room 84. As
in the past, Mr. Allen, University or
ganist, will conduct, with the addi
tional assistance this year of C. A.
Kulmann, director of the Glee Club.
Tryoutees for positions in the
string or wind instruments must re
port at this first rehearsal. All old
members of the Orchestra are also
urged to attend.
Rehearsals of the University Or
chestra will begin next Tuesday eve
ning at 7:15 o'clock in Room 84. As
in the past, Mr. Allen, University or
ganist, will conduct, with the addi
tional assistance this year of C. A.
Kulmann, director of the Glee Club.
Tryoutees for positions in the
string or wind instruments must re
port at this first rehearsal. All old
members of the Orchestra are also
urged to attend.
Rehearsals of the University Or
chestra will begin next Tuesday eve
ning at 7:15 o'clock in Room 84. As
in the past, Mr. Allen, University or
ganist, will conduct, with the addi
tional assistance this year of C. A.
Kulmann, director of the Glee Club.
Tryoutees for positions in the
string or wind instruments must re
port at this first rehearsal. All old
members of the Orchestra are also
urged to attend.
Rehearsals of the University Or
chestra will begin next Tuesday eve
ning at 7:15 o'clock in Room 84. As
in the past, Mr. Allen, University or
ganist, will conduct, with the addi
tional assistance this year of C. A.
Kulmann, director of the Glee Club.
Tryoutees for positions in the
string or wind instruments must re
port at this first rehearsal. All old
members of the Orchestra are also
urged to attend.
Rehearsals of the University Or
chestra will begin next Tuesday eve
ning at 7:15 o'clock in Room 84. As
in the past, Mr. Allen, University or
ganist, will conduct, with the addi
tional assistance this year of C. A.
Kulmann, director of the Glee Club.
Tryoutees for positions in the
string or wind instruments must re
port at this first rehearsal. All old
members of the Orchestra are also
urged to attend.
Rehearsals of the University Or
chestra will begin next Tuesday eve
ning at 7:15 o'clock in Room 84. As
in the past, Mr. Allen, University or
ganist, will conduct, with the addi
tional assistance this year of C. A.
Kulmann, director of the Glee Club.
Tryoutees for positions in the
string or wind instruments must re
port at this first rehearsal. All old
members of the Orchestra are also
urged to attend.
Rehearsals of the University Or
chestra will begin next Tuesday eve
ning at 7:15 o'clock in Room 84. As
in the past, Mr. Allen, University or
ganist, will conduct, with the addi
tional assistance this year of C. A.
Kulmann, director of the Glee Club.
Tryoutees for positions in the
string or wind instruments must re
port at this first rehearsal. All old
members of the Orchestra are also
urged to attend.
Rehearsals of the University Or
chestra will begin next Tuesday eve
ning at 7:15 o'clock in Room 84. As
in the past, Mr. Allen, University or
ganist, will conduct, with the addi
tional assistance this year of C. A.
Kulmann, director of the Glee Club.
Tryoutees for positions in the
string or wind instruments must re
port at this first rehearsal. All old
members of the Orchestra are also
urged to attend.
Rehearsals of the University Or
chestra will begin next Tuesday eve
ning at 7:15 o'clock in Room 84. As
in the past, Mr. Allen, University or
ganist, will conduct, with the addi
tional assistance this year of C. A.
Kulmann, director of the Glee Club.
Tryoutees for positions in the
string or wind instruments must re
port at this first rehearsal. All old
members of the Orchestra are also
urged to attend.
Rehearsals of the University Or
chestra will begin next Tuesday eve
ning at 7:15 o'clock in Room 84. As
in the past, Mr. Allen, University or
ganist, will conduct, with the addi
tional assistance this year of C. A.
Kulmann, director of the Glee Club.
Tryoutees for positions in the
string or wind instruments must re
port at this first rehearsal. All old
members of the Orchestra are also
urged to attend.
Rehearsals of the University Or
chestra will begin next Tuesday eve
ning at 7:15 o'clock in Room 84. As
in the past, Mr. Allen, University or
ganist, will conduct, with the addi
tional assistance this year of C. A.
Kulmann, director of the Glee Club.
Tryoutees for positions in the
string or wind instruments must re
port at this first rehearsal. All old
members of the Orchestra are also
urged to attend.
Rehearsals of the University Or
chestra will begin next Tuesday eve
ning at 7:15 o'clock in Room 84. As
in the past, Mr. Allen, University or
ganist, will conduct, with the addi
tional assistance this year of C. A.
Kulmann, director of the Glee Club.
Tryoutees for positions in the
string or wind instruments must re
port at this first rehearsal. All old
members of the Orchestra are also
urged to attend.
Rehearsals of the University Or
chestra will begin next Tuesday eve
ning at 7:15 o'clock in Room 84. As
in the past, Mr. Allen, University or
ganist, will conduct, with the addi
tional assistance this year of C. A.
Kulmann, director of the Glee Club.
Tryoutees for positions in the
string or wind instruments must re
port at this first rehearsal. All old
members of the Orchestra are also
urged to attend.
