# Wanted: A Rooting Section
## 
### 
Yesterday was the first day of the sale of rooter's and additional tickets
for the Stanford-U.S.C. football game. Only 250 rooter's tickets were
sold, whereas a large section of 1146 rooters tickets is being saved for
Stanford students. If these tickets were all sold, Stanford would have a
good rooting section. At least 800 must be sold to make it possible to
have stunts.
Yesterday was the first day of the sale of rooter's and additional tickets
for the Stanford-U.S.C. football game. Only 250 rooter's tickets were
sold, whereas a large section of 1146 rooters tickets is being saved for
Stanford students. If these tickets were all sold, Stanford would have a
good rooting section. At least 800 must be sold to make it possible to
have stunts.
Yesterday was the first day of the sale of rooter's and additional tickets
for the Stanford-U.S.C. football game. Only 250 rooter's tickets were
sold, whereas a large section of 1146 rooters tickets is being saved for
Stanford students. If these tickets were all sold, Stanford would have a
good rooting section. At least 800 must be sold to make it possible to
have stunts.
Yesterday was the first day of the sale of rooter's and additional tickets
for the Stanford-U.S.C. football game. Only 250 rooter's tickets were
sold, whereas a large section of 1146 rooters tickets is being saved for
Stanford students. If these tickets were all sold, Stanford would have a
good rooting section. At least 800 must be sold to make it possible to
have stunts.
Yesterday was the first day of the sale of rooter's and additional tickets
for the Stanford-U.S.C. football game. Only 250 rooter's tickets were
sold, whereas a large section of 1146 rooters tickets is being saved for
Stanford students. If these tickets were all sold, Stanford would have a
good rooting section. At least 800 must be sold to make it possible to
have stunts.
Yesterday was the first day of the sale of rooter's and additional tickets
for the Stanford-U.S.C. football game. Only 250 rooter's tickets were
sold, whereas a large section of 1146 rooters tickets is being saved for
Stanford students. If these tickets were all sold, Stanford would have a
good rooting section. At least 800 must be sold to make it possible to
have stunts.
Yesterday was the first day of the sale of rooter's and additional tickets
for the Stanford-U.S.C. football game. Only 250 rooter's tickets were
sold, whereas a large section of 1146 rooters tickets is being saved for
Stanford students. If these tickets were all sold, Stanford would have a
good rooting section. At least 800 must be sold to make it possible to
have stunts.
Yesterday was the first day of the sale of rooter's and additional tickets
for the Stanford-U.S.C. football game. Only 250 rooter's tickets were
sold, whereas a large section of 1146 rooters tickets is being saved for
Stanford students. If these tickets were all sold, Stanford would have a
good rooting section. At least 800 must be sold to make it possible to
have stunts.
Yesterday was the first day of the sale of rooter's and additional tickets
for the Stanford-U.S.C. football game. Only 250 rooter's tickets were
sold, whereas a large section of 1146 rooters tickets is being saved for
Stanford students. If these tickets were all sold, Stanford would have a
good rooting section. At least 800 must be sold to make it possible to
have stunts.
Yesterday was the first day of the sale of rooter's and additional tickets
for the Stanford-U.S.C. football game. Only 250 rooter's tickets were
sold, whereas a large section of 1146 rooters tickets is being saved for
Stanford students. If these tickets were all sold, Stanford would have a
good rooting section. At least 800 must be sold to make it possible to
have stunts.
Yesterday was the first day of the sale of rooter's and additional tickets
for the Stanford-U.S.C. football game. Only 250 rooter's tickets were
sold, whereas a large section of 1146 rooters tickets is being saved for
Stanford students. If these tickets were all sold, Stanford would have a
good rooting section. At least 800 must be sold to make it possible to
have stunts.
Yesterday was the first day of the sale of rooter's and additional tickets
for the Stanford-U.S.C. football game. Only 250 rooter's tickets were
sold, whereas a large section of 1146 rooters tickets is being saved for
Stanford students. If these tickets were all sold, Stanford would have a
good rooting section. At least 800 must be sold to make it possible to
have stunts.
Yesterday was the first day of the sale of rooter's and additional tickets
for the Stanford-U.S.C. football game. Only 250 rooter's tickets were
sold, whereas a large section of 1146 rooters tickets is being saved for
Stanford students. If these tickets were all sold, Stanford would have a
good rooting section. At least 800 must be sold to make it possible to
have stunts.
Yesterday was the first day of the sale of rooter's and additional tickets
for the Stanford-U.S.C. football game. Only 250 rooter's tickets were
sold, whereas a large section of 1146 rooters tickets is being saved for
Stanford students. If these tickets were all sold, Stanford would have a
good rooting section. At least 800 must be sold to make it possible to
have stunts.
Yesterday was the first day of the sale of rooter's and additional tickets
for the Stanford-U.S.C. football game. Only 250 rooter's tickets were
sold, whereas a large section of 1146 rooters tickets is being saved for
Stanford students. If these tickets were all sold, Stanford would have a
good rooting section. At least 800 must be sold to make it possible to
have stunts.
Yesterday was the first day of the sale of rooter's and additional tickets
for the Stanford-U.S.C. football game. Only 250 rooter's tickets were
sold, whereas a large section of 1146 rooters tickets is being saved for
Stanford students. If these tickets were all sold, Stanford would have a
good rooting section. At least 800 must be sold to make it possible to
have stunts.
