# WORKERS STRIKE
## 
### 
LODZ, Poland, Oct. 4. (/P)—Textile
workers began striking here today for a
20 per cent increase in wages. The gov
ernment is trying to conciliate the dis
pute and has asked the mill owners to
submit by October 8 a statement of what
concessions they would make to the
workers.
LODZ, Poland, Oct. 4. (/P)—Textile
workers began striking here today for a
20 per cent increase in wages. The gov
ernment is trying to conciliate the dis
pute and has asked the mill owners to
submit by October 8 a statement of what
concessions they would make to the
workers.
LODZ, Poland, Oct. 4. (/P)—Textile
workers began striking here today for a
20 per cent increase in wages. The gov
ernment is trying to conciliate the dis
pute and has asked the mill owners to
submit by October 8 a statement of what
concessions they would make to the
workers.
LODZ, Poland, Oct. 4. (/P)—Textile
workers began striking here today for a
20 per cent increase in wages. The gov
ernment is trying to conciliate the dis
pute and has asked the mill owners to
submit by October 8 a statement of what
concessions they would make to the
workers.
LODZ, Poland, Oct. 4. (/P)—Textile
workers began striking here today for a
20 per cent increase in wages. The gov
ernment is trying to conciliate the dis
pute and has asked the mill owners to
submit by October 8 a statement of what
concessions they would make to the
workers.
LODZ, Poland, Oct. 4. (/P)—Textile
workers began striking here today for a
20 per cent increase in wages. The gov
ernment is trying to conciliate the dis
pute and has asked the mill owners to
submit by October 8 a statement of what
concessions they would make to the
workers.
LODZ, Poland, Oct. 4. (/P)—Textile
workers began striking here today for a
20 per cent increase in wages. The gov
ernment is trying to conciliate the dis
pute and has asked the mill owners to
submit by October 8 a statement of what
concessions they would make to the
workers.
LODZ, Poland, Oct. 4. (/P)—Textile
workers began striking here today for a
20 per cent increase in wages. The gov
ernment is trying to conciliate the dis
pute and has asked the mill owners to
submit by October 8 a statement of what
concessions they would make to the
workers.
LODZ, Poland, Oct. 4. (/P)—Textile
workers began striking here today for a
20 per cent increase in wages. The gov
ernment is trying to conciliate the dis
pute and has asked the mill owners to
submit by October 8 a statement of what
concessions they would make to the
workers.
LODZ, Poland, Oct. 4. (/P)—Textile
workers began striking here today for a
20 per cent increase in wages. The gov
ernment is trying to conciliate the dis
pute and has asked the mill owners to
submit by October 8 a statement of what
concessions they would make to the
workers.
LODZ, Poland, Oct. 4. (/P)—Textile
workers began striking here today for a
20 per cent increase in wages. The gov
ernment is trying to conciliate the dis
pute and has asked the mill owners to
submit by October 8 a statement of what
concessions they would make to the
workers.
LODZ, Poland, Oct. 4. (/P)—Textile
workers began striking here today for a
20 per cent increase in wages. The gov
ernment is trying to conciliate the dis
pute and has asked the mill owners to
submit by October 8 a statement of what
concessions they would make to the
workers.
LODZ, Poland, Oct. 4. (/P)—Textile
workers began striking here today for a
20 per cent increase in wages. The gov
ernment is trying to conciliate the dis
pute and has asked the mill owners to
submit by October 8 a statement of what
concessions they would make to the
workers.
LODZ, Poland, Oct. 4. (/P)—Textile
workers began striking here today for a
20 per cent increase in wages. The gov
ernment is trying to conciliate the dis
pute and has asked the mill owners to
submit by October 8 a statement of what
concessions they would make to the
workers.
LODZ, Poland, Oct. 4. (/P)—Textile
workers began striking here today for a
20 per cent increase in wages. The gov
ernment is trying to conciliate the dis
pute and has asked the mill owners to
submit by October 8 a statement of what
concessions they would make to the
workers.
LODZ, Poland, Oct. 4. (/P)—Textile
workers began striking here today for a
20 per cent increase in wages. The gov
ernment is trying to conciliate the dis
pute and has asked the mill owners to
submit by October 8 a statement of what
concessions they would make to the
workers.
