# All-Campus Golf Match Coming Up
## 
### 
Faculty and students are being
given the opportunity to compete
with each other outside of class
rooms this weekâ€”on the green
of the Stanford golf course, re
ported Beau Bianchi, tournament
chairman.
By next Monday all those in
terested should have signed up on
sheets in the Wilbur lobby or the
ASSU office. An entry fee of 25
cents is payable at tee-off time,
1 p.m. Monday.
Trophies
As this is the first time that
the summer tournament is a fac
ulty-student competition, an addi
tional trophy for the faculty mem
ber with the highest gross score
is offered. Unless a dark horse
professor appears, this will prob
ably go to Dean Craig or Dr.
Alloway, tournament organizers
have confidently predicted.
Trophies for low net and low
gross will also be presented at the
close of the tournament. The
usual green fee will be charged.
