# Retired Journalist Churchill Dies
## 
### 
H. Lloyd Churchill, associate
professor of journalism at Stan
ford died last Thursday morning
at his Menlo Park home.
Mr. Churchill taught at Stan
ford from 1919 to 1956 when he
was granted an indefinite leave
of absence due to illness. Dr.
Chilton R. Bush, head of the
journalism department, paid trib
ute to Mr. Churchill's work. "He
had long experience on the New
York Sun and was an excellent
teacher of writing. He was a very
fine research man," Bush added.
Born in Chicago, Mr. Churchill
attended Wesleyan University in
Connecticut, from which he earn
ed the bachelor's degree. He is
also the winner of the degree of
master of business administration
from New York University.
