# MURAL SIGN-UPS END
## 
### 
Sign-up lists for intramural horse
shoes, handball, and tennis will be
closed this afternoon, according to
Elwyn Bugge, mural director.
Sign-up lists for intramural horse
shoes, handball, and tennis will be
closed this afternoon, according to
Elwyn Bugge, mural director.
Sign-up lists for intramural horse
shoes, handball, and tennis will be
closed this afternoon, according to
Elwyn Bugge, mural director.
Sign-up lists for intramural horse
shoes, handball, and tennis will be
closed this afternoon, according to
Elwyn Bugge, mural director.
Sign-up lists for intramural horse
shoes, handball, and tennis will be
closed this afternoon, according to
Elwyn Bugge, mural director.
Sign-up lists for intramural horse
shoes, handball, and tennis will be
closed this afternoon, according to
Elwyn Bugge, mural director.
Sign-up lists for intramural horse
shoes, handball, and tennis will be
closed this afternoon, according to
Elwyn Bugge, mural director.
Sign-up lists for intramural horse
shoes, handball, and tennis will be
closed this afternoon, according to
Elwyn Bugge, mural director.
Sign-up lists for intramural horse
shoes, handball, and tennis will be
closed this afternoon, according to
Elwyn Bugge, mural director.
Sign-up lists for intramural horse
shoes, handball, and tennis will be
closed this afternoon, according to
Elwyn Bugge, mural director.
Sign-up lists for intramural horse
shoes, handball, and tennis will be
closed this afternoon, according to
Elwyn Bugge, mural director.
Sign-up lists for intramural horse
shoes, handball, and tennis will be
closed this afternoon, according to
Elwyn Bugge, mural director.
Sign-up lists for intramural horse
shoes, handball, and tennis will be
closed this afternoon, according to
Elwyn Bugge, mural director.
Sign-up lists for intramural horse
shoes, handball, and tennis will be
closed this afternoon, according to
Elwyn Bugge, mural director.
