# In Beauty Race
## 
### 

Caroline Hyde, daughter of the
secretary of agriculture, is a can
didate for agricultural queen to be
elected by students at the Univer
sity of Missouri. (Associated Press
Photo)

Caroline Hyde, daughter of the
secretary of agriculture, is a can
didate for agricultural queen to be
elected by students at the Univer
sity of Missouri. (Associated Press
Photo)

Caroline Hyde, daughter of the
secretary of agriculture, is a can
didate for agricultural queen to be
elected by students at the Univer
sity of Missouri. (Associated Press
Photo)

Caroline Hyde, daughter of the
secretary of agriculture, is a can
didate for agricultural queen to be
elected by students at the Univer
sity of Missouri. (Associated Press
Photo)

Caroline Hyde, daughter of the
secretary of agriculture, is a can
didate for agricultural queen to be
elected by students at the Univer
sity of Missouri. (Associated Press
Photo)

Caroline Hyde, daughter of the
secretary of agriculture, is a can
didate for agricultural queen to be
elected by students at the Univer
sity of Missouri. (Associated Press
Photo)

Caroline Hyde, daughter of the
secretary of agriculture, is a can
didate for agricultural queen to be
elected by students at the Univer
sity of Missouri. (Associated Press
Photo)

Caroline Hyde, daughter of the
secretary of agriculture, is a can
didate for agricultural queen to be
elected by students at the Univer
sity of Missouri. (Associated Press
Photo)

Caroline Hyde, daughter of the
secretary of agriculture, is a can
didate for agricultural queen to be
elected by students at the Univer
sity of Missouri. (Associated Press
Photo)

Caroline Hyde, daughter of the
secretary of agriculture, is a can
didate for agricultural queen to be
elected by students at the Univer
sity of Missouri. (Associated Press
Photo)

Caroline Hyde, daughter of the
secretary of agriculture, is a can
didate for agricultural queen to be
elected by students at the Univer
sity of Missouri. (Associated Press
Photo)

Caroline Hyde, daughter of the
secretary of agriculture, is a can
didate for agricultural queen to be
elected by students at the Univer
sity of Missouri. (Associated Press
Photo)

Caroline Hyde, daughter of the
secretary of agriculture, is a can
didate for agricultural queen to be
elected by students at the Univer
sity of Missouri. (Associated Press
Photo)

Caroline Hyde, daughter of the
secretary of agriculture, is a can
didate for agricultural queen to be
elected by students at the Univer
sity of Missouri. (Associated Press
Photo)

Caroline Hyde, daughter of the
secretary of agriculture, is a can
didate for agricultural queen to be
elected by students at the Univer
sity of Missouri. (Associated Press
Photo)

Caroline Hyde, daughter of the
secretary of agriculture, is a can
didate for agricultural queen to be
elected by students at the Univer
sity of Missouri. (Associated Press
Photo)
