# IT'S A FROSH-SOPH SCRAMBLE
## 
### 

There was plenty of excitement at the University of Southern Cali
fornia during the school's annual "brawl day," when freshmen tried to
shove a huge nush ball through sophomore ranks. (Associated Press
Photo)

There was plenty of excitement at the University of Southern Cali
fornia during the school's annual "brawl day," when freshmen tried to
shove a huge nush ball through sophomore ranks. (Associated Press
Photo)

There was plenty of excitement at the University of Southern Cali
fornia during the school's annual "brawl day," when freshmen tried to
shove a huge nush ball through sophomore ranks. (Associated Press
Photo)

There was plenty of excitement at the University of Southern Cali
fornia during the school's annual "brawl day," when freshmen tried to
shove a huge nush ball through sophomore ranks. (Associated Press
Photo)

There was plenty of excitement at the University of Southern Cali
fornia during the school's annual "brawl day," when freshmen tried to
shove a huge nush ball through sophomore ranks. (Associated Press
Photo)

There was plenty of excitement at the University of Southern Cali
fornia during the school's annual "brawl day," when freshmen tried to
shove a huge nush ball through sophomore ranks. (Associated Press
Photo)

There was plenty of excitement at the University of Southern Cali
fornia during the school's annual "brawl day," when freshmen tried to
shove a huge nush ball through sophomore ranks. (Associated Press
Photo)

There was plenty of excitement at the University of Southern Cali
fornia during the school's annual "brawl day," when freshmen tried to
shove a huge nush ball through sophomore ranks. (Associated Press
Photo)

There was plenty of excitement at the University of Southern Cali
fornia during the school's annual "brawl day," when freshmen tried to
shove a huge nush ball through sophomore ranks. (Associated Press
Photo)

There was plenty of excitement at the University of Southern Cali
fornia during the school's annual "brawl day," when freshmen tried to
shove a huge nush ball through sophomore ranks. (Associated Press
Photo)

There was plenty of excitement at the University of Southern Cali
fornia during the school's annual "brawl day," when freshmen tried to
shove a huge nush ball through sophomore ranks. (Associated Press
Photo)

There was plenty of excitement at the University of Southern Cali
fornia during the school's annual "brawl day," when freshmen tried to
shove a huge nush ball through sophomore ranks. (Associated Press
Photo)

There was plenty of excitement at the University of Southern Cali
fornia during the school's annual "brawl day," when freshmen tried to
shove a huge nush ball through sophomore ranks. (Associated Press
Photo)

There was plenty of excitement at the University of Southern Cali
fornia during the school's annual "brawl day," when freshmen tried to
shove a huge nush ball through sophomore ranks. (Associated Press
Photo)

There was plenty of excitement at the University of Southern Cali
fornia during the school's annual "brawl day," when freshmen tried to
shove a huge nush ball through sophomore ranks. (Associated Press
Photo)

There was plenty of excitement at the University of Southern Cali
fornia during the school's annual "brawl day," when freshmen tried to
shove a huge nush ball through sophomore ranks. (Associated Press
Photo)
