# Chess Club Will Hold First Official Meeting
## 
### 
* «■ ut. IUVVII
At the first official meeting of the
Cardinal Chess Club, to be held to
night in the lobby of the Old Union '
at 7:30 o'clock, a beginners' tourna
ment will be started. All students !
interested in the game are invited
to attend.
Intercollegiate matches with U.C., \
U.S.F., and Modesto are being ar
ranged and Stanford's chances to i
place first in the Northern Inter- i
collegiate Chess League are strong, j
according to O. Trelfa Lund, presi- i
dent of the club.
* «■ ut. IUVVII
At the first official meeting of the
Cardinal Chess Club, to be held to
night in the lobby of the Old Union '
at 7:30 o'clock, a beginners' tourna
ment will be started. All students !
interested in the game are invited
to attend.
Intercollegiate matches with U.C., \
U.S.F., and Modesto are being ar
ranged and Stanford's chances to i
place first in the Northern Inter- i
collegiate Chess League are strong, j
according to O. Trelfa Lund, presi- i
dent of the club.
* «■ ut. IUVVII
At the first official meeting of the
Cardinal Chess Club, to be held to
night in the lobby of the Old Union '
at 7:30 o'clock, a beginners' tourna
ment will be started. All students !
interested in the game are invited
to attend.
Intercollegiate matches with U.C., \
U.S.F., and Modesto are being ar
ranged and Stanford's chances to i
place first in the Northern Inter- i
collegiate Chess League are strong, j
according to O. Trelfa Lund, presi- i
dent of the club.
* «■ ut. IUVVII
At the first official meeting of the
Cardinal Chess Club, to be held to
night in the lobby of the Old Union '
at 7:30 o'clock, a beginners' tourna
ment will be started. All students !
interested in the game are invited
to attend.
Intercollegiate matches with U.C., \
U.S.F., and Modesto are being ar
ranged and Stanford's chances to i
place first in the Northern Inter- i
collegiate Chess League are strong, j
according to O. Trelfa Lund, presi- i
dent of the club.
* «■ ut. IUVVII
At the first official meeting of the
Cardinal Chess Club, to be held to
night in the lobby of the Old Union '
at 7:30 o'clock, a beginners' tourna
ment will be started. All students !
interested in the game are invited
to attend.
Intercollegiate matches with U.C., \
U.S.F., and Modesto are being ar
ranged and Stanford's chances to i
place first in the Northern Inter- i
collegiate Chess League are strong, j
according to O. Trelfa Lund, presi- i
dent of the club.
* «■ ut. IUVVII
At the first official meeting of the
Cardinal Chess Club, to be held to
night in the lobby of the Old Union '
at 7:30 o'clock, a beginners' tourna
ment will be started. All students !
interested in the game are invited
to attend.
Intercollegiate matches with U.C., \
U.S.F., and Modesto are being ar
ranged and Stanford's chances to i
place first in the Northern Inter- i
collegiate Chess League are strong, j
according to O. Trelfa Lund, presi- i
dent of the club.
* «■ ut. IUVVII
At the first official meeting of the
Cardinal Chess Club, to be held to
night in the lobby of the Old Union '
at 7:30 o'clock, a beginners' tourna
ment will be started. All students !
interested in the game are invited
to attend.
Intercollegiate matches with U.C., \
U.S.F., and Modesto are being ar
ranged and Stanford's chances to i
place first in the Northern Inter- i
collegiate Chess League are strong, j
according to O. Trelfa Lund, presi- i
dent of the club.
* «■ ut. IUVVII
At the first official meeting of the
Cardinal Chess Club, to be held to
night in the lobby of the Old Union '
at 7:30 o'clock, a beginners' tourna
ment will be started. All students !
interested in the game are invited
to attend.
Intercollegiate matches with U.C., \
U.S.F., and Modesto are being ar
ranged and Stanford's chances to i
place first in the Northern Inter- i
collegiate Chess League are strong, j
according to O. Trelfa Lund, presi- i
dent of the club.
* «■ ut. IUVVII
At the first official meeting of the
Cardinal Chess Club, to be held to
night in the lobby of the Old Union '
at 7:30 o'clock, a beginners' tourna
ment will be started. All students !
interested in the game are invited
to attend.
Intercollegiate matches with U.C., \
U.S.F., and Modesto are being ar
ranged and Stanford's chances to i
place first in the Northern Inter- i
collegiate Chess League are strong, j
according to O. Trelfa Lund, presi- i
dent of the club.
* «■ ut. IUVVII
At the first official meeting of the
Cardinal Chess Club, to be held to
night in the lobby of the Old Union '
at 7:30 o'clock, a beginners' tourna
ment will be started. All students !
interested in the game are invited
to attend.
Intercollegiate matches with U.C., \
U.S.F., and Modesto are being ar
ranged and Stanford's chances to i
place first in the Northern Inter- i
collegiate Chess League are strong, j
according to O. Trelfa Lund, presi- i
dent of the club.
* «■ ut. IUVVII
At the first official meeting of the
Cardinal Chess Club, to be held to
night in the lobby of the Old Union '
at 7:30 o'clock, a beginners' tourna
ment will be started. All students !
interested in the game are invited
to attend.
Intercollegiate matches with U.C., \
U.S.F., and Modesto are being ar
ranged and Stanford's chances to i
place first in the Northern Inter- i
collegiate Chess League are strong, j
according to O. Trelfa Lund, presi- i
dent of the club.
* «■ ut. IUVVII
At the first official meeting of the
Cardinal Chess Club, to be held to
night in the lobby of the Old Union '
at 7:30 o'clock, a beginners' tourna
ment will be started. All students !
interested in the game are invited
to attend.
Intercollegiate matches with U.C., \
U.S.F., and Modesto are being ar
ranged and Stanford's chances to i
place first in the Northern Inter- i
collegiate Chess League are strong, j
according to O. Trelfa Lund, presi- i
dent of the club.
* «■ ut. IUVVII
At the first official meeting of the
Cardinal Chess Club, to be held to
night in the lobby of the Old Union '
at 7:30 o'clock, a beginners' tourna
ment will be started. All students !
interested in the game are invited
to attend.
Intercollegiate matches with U.C., \
U.S.F., and Modesto are being ar
ranged and Stanford's chances to i
place first in the Northern Inter- i
collegiate Chess League are strong, j
according to O. Trelfa Lund, presi- i
dent of the club.
* «■ ut. IUVVII
At the first official meeting of the
Cardinal Chess Club, to be held to
night in the lobby of the Old Union '
at 7:30 o'clock, a beginners' tourna
ment will be started. All students !
interested in the game are invited
to attend.
Intercollegiate matches with U.C., \
U.S.F., and Modesto are being ar
ranged and Stanford's chances to i
place first in the Northern Inter- i
collegiate Chess League are strong, j
according to O. Trelfa Lund, presi- i
dent of the club.
* «■ ut. IUVVII
At the first official meeting of the
Cardinal Chess Club, to be held to
night in the lobby of the Old Union '
at 7:30 o'clock, a beginners' tourna
ment will be started. All students !
interested in the game are invited
to attend.
Intercollegiate matches with U.C., \
U.S.F., and Modesto are being ar
ranged and Stanford's chances to i
place first in the Northern Inter- i
collegiate Chess League are strong, j
according to O. Trelfa Lund, presi- i
dent of the club.
* «■ ut. IUVVII
At the first official meeting of the
Cardinal Chess Club, to be held to
night in the lobby of the Old Union '
at 7:30 o'clock, a beginners' tourna
ment will be started. All students !
interested in the game are invited
to attend.
Intercollegiate matches with U.C., \
U.S.F., and Modesto are being ar
ranged and Stanford's chances to i
place first in the Northern Inter- i
collegiate Chess League are strong, j
according to O. Trelfa Lund, presi- i
dent of the club.
