# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
â€” Today
It was two years ago that
Sacramento police arrested a
21-year-old man for carrying
firearms in the Legislature.lt
wasn 7 Bobby Scale's first
contact with police, nor
would it be his last.
It was only yesterday that
Washington police ignored a
middle-aged or older man
passing out ax handles in the
Capitol. It wasn't Lester
Maddox's first contact with
an ax handle, nor do we
assume his last.
If you have a warrant for
anyone's arrest, call the
Editorial office at x 4632.
If you have an ax handle
you need to get rid of, call
our business office at
.127-4150.
