# SMOKING ALLOWED ON VASSAR CAMPUS
## 
### 
One more step towards the emanci
pation of the fairer sex has recently
come to the notice of the public with
the announcement that students at
Vassar College may inhale coffin nails
openly on the campus itself. The mo
mentous decision of the Vassar au
thorities will perhaps prevent the ne
cessity for the insidious smoking dens
heretofore rumored in vogue at the
girls' school.

Student officers at Bryn Mawr have
decided that students substituting for
others in class shall be placed upon
probation.
One more step towards the emanci
pation of the fairer sex has recently
come to the notice of the public with
the announcement that students at
Vassar College may inhale coffin nails
openly on the campus itself. The mo
mentous decision of the Vassar au
thorities will perhaps prevent the ne
cessity for the insidious smoking dens
heretofore rumored in vogue at the
girls' school.

Student officers at Bryn Mawr have
decided that students substituting for
others in class shall be placed upon
probation.
One more step towards the emanci
pation of the fairer sex has recently
come to the notice of the public with
the announcement that students at
Vassar College may inhale coffin nails
openly on the campus itself. The mo
mentous decision of the Vassar au
thorities will perhaps prevent the ne
cessity for the insidious smoking dens
heretofore rumored in vogue at the
girls' school.

Student officers at Bryn Mawr have
decided that students substituting for
others in class shall be placed upon
probation.
One more step towards the emanci
pation of the fairer sex has recently
come to the notice of the public with
the announcement that students at
Vassar College may inhale coffin nails
openly on the campus itself. The mo
mentous decision of the Vassar au
thorities will perhaps prevent the ne
cessity for the insidious smoking dens
heretofore rumored in vogue at the
girls' school.

Student officers at Bryn Mawr have
decided that students substituting for
others in class shall be placed upon
probation.
One more step towards the emanci
pation of the fairer sex has recently
come to the notice of the public with
the announcement that students at
Vassar College may inhale coffin nails
openly on the campus itself. The mo
mentous decision of the Vassar au
thorities will perhaps prevent the ne
cessity for the insidious smoking dens
heretofore rumored in vogue at the
girls' school.

Student officers at Bryn Mawr have
decided that students substituting for
others in class shall be placed upon
probation.
One more step towards the emanci
pation of the fairer sex has recently
come to the notice of the public with
the announcement that students at
Vassar College may inhale coffin nails
openly on the campus itself. The mo
mentous decision of the Vassar au
thorities will perhaps prevent the ne
cessity for the insidious smoking dens
heretofore rumored in vogue at the
girls' school.

Student officers at Bryn Mawr have
decided that students substituting for
others in class shall be placed upon
probation.
One more step towards the emanci
pation of the fairer sex has recently
come to the notice of the public with
the announcement that students at
Vassar College may inhale coffin nails
openly on the campus itself. The mo
mentous decision of the Vassar au
thorities will perhaps prevent the ne
cessity for the insidious smoking dens
heretofore rumored in vogue at the
girls' school.

Student officers at Bryn Mawr have
decided that students substituting for
others in class shall be placed upon
probation.
One more step towards the emanci
pation of the fairer sex has recently
come to the notice of the public with
the announcement that students at
Vassar College may inhale coffin nails
openly on the campus itself. The mo
mentous decision of the Vassar au
thorities will perhaps prevent the ne
cessity for the insidious smoking dens
heretofore rumored in vogue at the
girls' school.

Student officers at Bryn Mawr have
decided that students substituting for
others in class shall be placed upon
probation.
One more step towards the emanci
pation of the fairer sex has recently
come to the notice of the public with
the announcement that students at
Vassar College may inhale coffin nails
openly on the campus itself. The mo
mentous decision of the Vassar au
thorities will perhaps prevent the ne
cessity for the insidious smoking dens
heretofore rumored in vogue at the
girls' school.

Student officers at Bryn Mawr have
decided that students substituting for
others in class shall be placed upon
probation.
One more step towards the emanci
pation of the fairer sex has recently
come to the notice of the public with
the announcement that students at
Vassar College may inhale coffin nails
openly on the campus itself. The mo
mentous decision of the Vassar au
thorities will perhaps prevent the ne
cessity for the insidious smoking dens
heretofore rumored in vogue at the
girls' school.

Student officers at Bryn Mawr have
decided that students substituting for
others in class shall be placed upon
probation.
One more step towards the emanci
pation of the fairer sex has recently
come to the notice of the public with
the announcement that students at
Vassar College may inhale coffin nails
openly on the campus itself. The mo
mentous decision of the Vassar au
thorities will perhaps prevent the ne
cessity for the insidious smoking dens
heretofore rumored in vogue at the
girls' school.

Student officers at Bryn Mawr have
decided that students substituting for
others in class shall be placed upon
probation.
One more step towards the emanci
pation of the fairer sex has recently
come to the notice of the public with
the announcement that students at
Vassar College may inhale coffin nails
openly on the campus itself. The mo
mentous decision of the Vassar au
thorities will perhaps prevent the ne
cessity for the insidious smoking dens
heretofore rumored in vogue at the
girls' school.

Student officers at Bryn Mawr have
decided that students substituting for
others in class shall be placed upon
probation.
One more step towards the emanci
pation of the fairer sex has recently
come to the notice of the public with
the announcement that students at
Vassar College may inhale coffin nails
openly on the campus itself. The mo
mentous decision of the Vassar au
thorities will perhaps prevent the ne
cessity for the insidious smoking dens
heretofore rumored in vogue at the
girls' school.

Student officers at Bryn Mawr have
decided that students substituting for
others in class shall be placed upon
probation.
One more step towards the emanci
pation of the fairer sex has recently
come to the notice of the public with
the announcement that students at
Vassar College may inhale coffin nails
openly on the campus itself. The mo
mentous decision of the Vassar au
thorities will perhaps prevent the ne
cessity for the insidious smoking dens
heretofore rumored in vogue at the
girls' school.

Student officers at Bryn Mawr have
decided that students substituting for
others in class shall be placed upon
probation.
One more step towards the emanci
pation of the fairer sex has recently
come to the notice of the public with
the announcement that students at
Vassar College may inhale coffin nails
openly on the campus itself. The mo
mentous decision of the Vassar au
thorities will perhaps prevent the ne
cessity for the insidious smoking dens
heretofore rumored in vogue at the
girls' school.

Student officers at Bryn Mawr have
decided that students substituting for
others in class shall be placed upon
probation.
