# Women Chemistry Majors Will Hold Mass Meeting
## 
### 
A mass meeting of all the women
studying chemistry will be held Mon
day at 4:00 in the Chemistry building
to discuss plans for decorating the
room in the Chemistry building which
was turned over to them recently. The
room was secured through the cooper
ation of the department faculty and
lota Sigma Pi. It is planned to use it
as a social center.
A mass meeting of all the women
studying chemistry will be held Mon
day at 4:00 in the Chemistry building
to discuss plans for decorating the
room in the Chemistry building which
was turned over to them recently. The
room was secured through the cooper
ation of the department faculty and
lota Sigma Pi. It is planned to use it
as a social center.
A mass meeting of all the women
studying chemistry will be held Mon
day at 4:00 in the Chemistry building
to discuss plans for decorating the
room in the Chemistry building which
was turned over to them recently. The
room was secured through the cooper
ation of the department faculty and
lota Sigma Pi. It is planned to use it
as a social center.
A mass meeting of all the women
studying chemistry will be held Mon
day at 4:00 in the Chemistry building
to discuss plans for decorating the
room in the Chemistry building which
was turned over to them recently. The
room was secured through the cooper
ation of the department faculty and
lota Sigma Pi. It is planned to use it
as a social center.
A mass meeting of all the women
studying chemistry will be held Mon
day at 4:00 in the Chemistry building
to discuss plans for decorating the
room in the Chemistry building which
was turned over to them recently. The
room was secured through the cooper
ation of the department faculty and
lota Sigma Pi. It is planned to use it
as a social center.
A mass meeting of all the women
studying chemistry will be held Mon
day at 4:00 in the Chemistry building
to discuss plans for decorating the
room in the Chemistry building which
was turned over to them recently. The
room was secured through the cooper
ation of the department faculty and
lota Sigma Pi. It is planned to use it
as a social center.
A mass meeting of all the women
studying chemistry will be held Mon
day at 4:00 in the Chemistry building
to discuss plans for decorating the
room in the Chemistry building which
was turned over to them recently. The
room was secured through the cooper
ation of the department faculty and
lota Sigma Pi. It is planned to use it
as a social center.
A mass meeting of all the women
studying chemistry will be held Mon
day at 4:00 in the Chemistry building
to discuss plans for decorating the
room in the Chemistry building which
was turned over to them recently. The
room was secured through the cooper
ation of the department faculty and
lota Sigma Pi. It is planned to use it
as a social center.
A mass meeting of all the women
studying chemistry will be held Mon
day at 4:00 in the Chemistry building
to discuss plans for decorating the
room in the Chemistry building which
was turned over to them recently. The
room was secured through the cooper
ation of the department faculty and
lota Sigma Pi. It is planned to use it
as a social center.
A mass meeting of all the women
studying chemistry will be held Mon
day at 4:00 in the Chemistry building
to discuss plans for decorating the
room in the Chemistry building which
was turned over to them recently. The
room was secured through the cooper
ation of the department faculty and
lota Sigma Pi. It is planned to use it
as a social center.
A mass meeting of all the women
studying chemistry will be held Mon
day at 4:00 in the Chemistry building
to discuss plans for decorating the
room in the Chemistry building which
was turned over to them recently. The
room was secured through the cooper
ation of the department faculty and
lota Sigma Pi. It is planned to use it
as a social center.
A mass meeting of all the women
studying chemistry will be held Mon
day at 4:00 in the Chemistry building
to discuss plans for decorating the
room in the Chemistry building which
was turned over to them recently. The
room was secured through the cooper
ation of the department faculty and
lota Sigma Pi. It is planned to use it
as a social center.
A mass meeting of all the women
studying chemistry will be held Mon
day at 4:00 in the Chemistry building
to discuss plans for decorating the
room in the Chemistry building which
was turned over to them recently. The
room was secured through the cooper
ation of the department faculty and
lota Sigma Pi. It is planned to use it
as a social center.
A mass meeting of all the women
studying chemistry will be held Mon
day at 4:00 in the Chemistry building
to discuss plans for decorating the
room in the Chemistry building which
was turned over to them recently. The
room was secured through the cooper
ation of the department faculty and
lota Sigma Pi. It is planned to use it
as a social center.
A mass meeting of all the women
studying chemistry will be held Mon
day at 4:00 in the Chemistry building
to discuss plans for decorating the
room in the Chemistry building which
was turned over to them recently. The
room was secured through the cooper
ation of the department faculty and
lota Sigma Pi. It is planned to use it
as a social center.
