# Newman Club Host To No-Date Dance
## 
### 
A pve-Lenten Mardi Gras dance
will be held in the Village Club
house Tuesday night, it was an
nounced yesterday by Andrew Han
ley, publicity chairman of the Stan
lord Newman Club.
The Newman Club, composed of
Stanford Catholics, will hold the
no-date dance on the eve of Ash
Wednesday, the beginning of the
Lenten season.
Plans for transportation to and
from the dance are to be announced
Friday. Cars will call at each wom
en's dorm to provide the rides.
Chairman Pat Flood refused to
divulge the entertainment plans but
promises something "clever."
Non-Newman Clubbers are invit
ed to what wUI be the last dance to
be held by the club until after Eas
ter.
