# SWANSON ELECTED
## 
### 
Norman Swanson was elected
president of El Campo Tuesday
night, and Edward Jones was chosen
secretary. Herb Camp was nomi
nated as El Campos candidate for
president of Inter-Club Council.
Norman Swanson was elected
president of El Campo Tuesday
night, and Edward Jones was chosen
secretary. Herb Camp was nomi
nated as El Campos candidate for
president of Inter-Club Council.
Norman Swanson was elected
president of El Campo Tuesday
night, and Edward Jones was chosen
secretary. Herb Camp was nomi
nated as El Campos candidate for
president of Inter-Club Council.
Norman Swanson was elected
president of El Campo Tuesday
night, and Edward Jones was chosen
secretary. Herb Camp was nomi
nated as El Campos candidate for
president of Inter-Club Council.
Norman Swanson was elected
president of El Campo Tuesday
night, and Edward Jones was chosen
secretary. Herb Camp was nomi
nated as El Campos candidate for
president of Inter-Club Council.
Norman Swanson was elected
president of El Campo Tuesday
night, and Edward Jones was chosen
secretary. Herb Camp was nomi
nated as El Campos candidate for
president of Inter-Club Council.
Norman Swanson was elected
president of El Campo Tuesday
night, and Edward Jones was chosen
secretary. Herb Camp was nomi
nated as El Campos candidate for
president of Inter-Club Council.
Norman Swanson was elected
president of El Campo Tuesday
night, and Edward Jones was chosen
secretary. Herb Camp was nomi
nated as El Campos candidate for
president of Inter-Club Council.
Norman Swanson was elected
president of El Campo Tuesday
night, and Edward Jones was chosen
secretary. Herb Camp was nomi
nated as El Campos candidate for
president of Inter-Club Council.
Norman Swanson was elected
president of El Campo Tuesday
night, and Edward Jones was chosen
secretary. Herb Camp was nomi
nated as El Campos candidate for
president of Inter-Club Council.
Norman Swanson was elected
president of El Campo Tuesday
night, and Edward Jones was chosen
secretary. Herb Camp was nomi
nated as El Campos candidate for
president of Inter-Club Council.
Norman Swanson was elected
president of El Campo Tuesday
night, and Edward Jones was chosen
secretary. Herb Camp was nomi
nated as El Campos candidate for
president of Inter-Club Council.
Norman Swanson was elected
president of El Campo Tuesday
night, and Edward Jones was chosen
secretary. Herb Camp was nomi
nated as El Campos candidate for
president of Inter-Club Council.
Norman Swanson was elected
president of El Campo Tuesday
night, and Edward Jones was chosen
secretary. Herb Camp was nomi
nated as El Campos candidate for
president of Inter-Club Council.
Norman Swanson was elected
president of El Campo Tuesday
night, and Edward Jones was chosen
secretary. Herb Camp was nomi
nated as El Campos candidate for
president of Inter-Club Council.
