# Women's Conference Meet at 4 p.m. Today
## 
### 
Women's Conference will meet j
this afternoon at 4 instead of at i
4:15 for a Quad picture, according
to Phyl Sutherland, conference
president.
Discussion •of a memorial for Dr.
Tresidder and a new housing plan
are on the agenda. New conference j
members need not come until next
week's meeting, although they may
if they want to. Miss Sutherland
said.
Women's Conference will meet j
this afternoon at 4 instead of at i
4:15 for a Quad picture, according
to Phyl Sutherland, conference
president.
Discussion •of a memorial for Dr.
Tresidder and a new housing plan
are on the agenda. New conference j
members need not come until next
week's meeting, although they may
if they want to. Miss Sutherland
said.
Women's Conference will meet j
this afternoon at 4 instead of at i
4:15 for a Quad picture, according
to Phyl Sutherland, conference
president.
Discussion •of a memorial for Dr.
Tresidder and a new housing plan
are on the agenda. New conference j
members need not come until next
week's meeting, although they may
if they want to. Miss Sutherland
said.
Women's Conference will meet j
this afternoon at 4 instead of at i
4:15 for a Quad picture, according
to Phyl Sutherland, conference
president.
Discussion •of a memorial for Dr.
Tresidder and a new housing plan
are on the agenda. New conference j
members need not come until next
week's meeting, although they may
if they want to. Miss Sutherland
said.
Women's Conference will meet j
this afternoon at 4 instead of at i
4:15 for a Quad picture, according
to Phyl Sutherland, conference
president.
Discussion •of a memorial for Dr.
Tresidder and a new housing plan
are on the agenda. New conference j
members need not come until next
week's meeting, although they may
if they want to. Miss Sutherland
said.
Women's Conference will meet j
this afternoon at 4 instead of at i
4:15 for a Quad picture, according
to Phyl Sutherland, conference
president.
Discussion •of a memorial for Dr.
Tresidder and a new housing plan
are on the agenda. New conference j
members need not come until next
week's meeting, although they may
if they want to. Miss Sutherland
said.
Women's Conference will meet j
this afternoon at 4 instead of at i
4:15 for a Quad picture, according
to Phyl Sutherland, conference
president.
Discussion •of a memorial for Dr.
Tresidder and a new housing plan
are on the agenda. New conference j
members need not come until next
week's meeting, although they may
if they want to. Miss Sutherland
said.
Women's Conference will meet j
this afternoon at 4 instead of at i
4:15 for a Quad picture, according
to Phyl Sutherland, conference
president.
Discussion •of a memorial for Dr.
Tresidder and a new housing plan
are on the agenda. New conference j
members need not come until next
week's meeting, although they may
if they want to. Miss Sutherland
said.
Women's Conference will meet j
this afternoon at 4 instead of at i
4:15 for a Quad picture, according
to Phyl Sutherland, conference
president.
Discussion •of a memorial for Dr.
Tresidder and a new housing plan
are on the agenda. New conference j
members need not come until next
week's meeting, although they may
if they want to. Miss Sutherland
said.
Women's Conference will meet j
this afternoon at 4 instead of at i
4:15 for a Quad picture, according
to Phyl Sutherland, conference
president.
Discussion •of a memorial for Dr.
Tresidder and a new housing plan
are on the agenda. New conference j
members need not come until next
week's meeting, although they may
if they want to. Miss Sutherland
said.
Women's Conference will meet j
this afternoon at 4 instead of at i
4:15 for a Quad picture, according
to Phyl Sutherland, conference
president.
Discussion •of a memorial for Dr.
Tresidder and a new housing plan
are on the agenda. New conference j
members need not come until next
week's meeting, although they may
if they want to. Miss Sutherland
said.
Women's Conference will meet j
this afternoon at 4 instead of at i
4:15 for a Quad picture, according
to Phyl Sutherland, conference
president.
Discussion •of a memorial for Dr.
Tresidder and a new housing plan
are on the agenda. New conference j
members need not come until next
week's meeting, although they may
if they want to. Miss Sutherland
said.
Women's Conference will meet j
this afternoon at 4 instead of at i
4:15 for a Quad picture, according
to Phyl Sutherland, conference
president.
Discussion •of a memorial for Dr.
Tresidder and a new housing plan
are on the agenda. New conference j
members need not come until next
week's meeting, although they may
if they want to. Miss Sutherland
said.
Women's Conference will meet j
this afternoon at 4 instead of at i
4:15 for a Quad picture, according
to Phyl Sutherland, conference
president.
Discussion •of a memorial for Dr.
Tresidder and a new housing plan
are on the agenda. New conference j
members need not come until next
week's meeting, although they may
if they want to. Miss Sutherland
said.
Women's Conference will meet j
this afternoon at 4 instead of at i
4:15 for a Quad picture, according
to Phyl Sutherland, conference
president.
Discussion •of a memorial for Dr.
Tresidder and a new housing plan
are on the agenda. New conference j
members need not come until next
week's meeting, although they may
if they want to. Miss Sutherland
said.
