# DAUGHTER BORN
## 
### 
Mr. and Mrs. Robert E. Hopper of
the Stanford Village announce the
birth of Linda Elizabeth Hopper, 8
pounds 3 ounces, on Jan. 30. Hop- |
per is a member of the Phi Kappn I
Sigma fraternity.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert E. Hopper of
the Stanford Village announce the
birth of Linda Elizabeth Hopper, 8
pounds 3 ounces, on Jan. 30. Hop- |
per is a member of the Phi Kappn I
Sigma fraternity.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert E. Hopper of
the Stanford Village announce the
birth of Linda Elizabeth Hopper, 8
pounds 3 ounces, on Jan. 30. Hop- |
per is a member of the Phi Kappn I
Sigma fraternity.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert E. Hopper of
the Stanford Village announce the
birth of Linda Elizabeth Hopper, 8
pounds 3 ounces, on Jan. 30. Hop- |
per is a member of the Phi Kappn I
Sigma fraternity.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert E. Hopper of
the Stanford Village announce the
birth of Linda Elizabeth Hopper, 8
pounds 3 ounces, on Jan. 30. Hop- |
per is a member of the Phi Kappn I
Sigma fraternity.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert E. Hopper of
the Stanford Village announce the
birth of Linda Elizabeth Hopper, 8
pounds 3 ounces, on Jan. 30. Hop- |
per is a member of the Phi Kappn I
Sigma fraternity.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert E. Hopper of
the Stanford Village announce the
birth of Linda Elizabeth Hopper, 8
pounds 3 ounces, on Jan. 30. Hop- |
per is a member of the Phi Kappn I
Sigma fraternity.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert E. Hopper of
the Stanford Village announce the
birth of Linda Elizabeth Hopper, 8
pounds 3 ounces, on Jan. 30. Hop- |
per is a member of the Phi Kappn I
Sigma fraternity.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert E. Hopper of
the Stanford Village announce the
birth of Linda Elizabeth Hopper, 8
pounds 3 ounces, on Jan. 30. Hop- |
per is a member of the Phi Kappn I
Sigma fraternity.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert E. Hopper of
the Stanford Village announce the
birth of Linda Elizabeth Hopper, 8
pounds 3 ounces, on Jan. 30. Hop- |
per is a member of the Phi Kappn I
Sigma fraternity.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert E. Hopper of
the Stanford Village announce the
birth of Linda Elizabeth Hopper, 8
pounds 3 ounces, on Jan. 30. Hop- |
per is a member of the Phi Kappn I
Sigma fraternity.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert E. Hopper of
the Stanford Village announce the
birth of Linda Elizabeth Hopper, 8
pounds 3 ounces, on Jan. 30. Hop- |
per is a member of the Phi Kappn I
Sigma fraternity.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert E. Hopper of
the Stanford Village announce the
birth of Linda Elizabeth Hopper, 8
pounds 3 ounces, on Jan. 30. Hop- |
per is a member of the Phi Kappn I
Sigma fraternity.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert E. Hopper of
the Stanford Village announce the
birth of Linda Elizabeth Hopper, 8
pounds 3 ounces, on Jan. 30. Hop- |
per is a member of the Phi Kappn I
Sigma fraternity.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert E. Hopper of
the Stanford Village announce the
birth of Linda Elizabeth Hopper, 8
pounds 3 ounces, on Jan. 30. Hop- |
per is a member of the Phi Kappn I
Sigma fraternity.
