# ALPHA SIG PLEDGE
## 
### 
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Bertrand Russell Brine
ly, '39.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Bertrand Russell Brine
ly, '39.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Bertrand Russell Brine
ly, '39.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Bertrand Russell Brine
ly, '39.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Bertrand Russell Brine
ly, '39.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Bertrand Russell Brine
ly, '39.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Bertrand Russell Brine
ly, '39.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Bertrand Russell Brine
ly, '39.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Bertrand Russell Brine
ly, '39.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Bertrand Russell Brine
ly, '39.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Bertrand Russell Brine
ly, '39.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Bertrand Russell Brine
ly, '39.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Bertrand Russell Brine
ly, '39.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Bertrand Russell Brine
ly, '39.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Bertrand Russell Brine
ly, '39.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Bertrand Russell Brine
ly, '39.
