# Heritage Fund Dinner
## 
### 
A dinner for donors and recipi
ents of Heritage Fund Scholar
ships will be hold next Wednes
day at 6:15 p.m. in the Union as
a thank-you to the Palo Alto busi
nessmen who suport this Senior
Class project of providing fresh
men and sophomores with finan
cial aid.
A dinner for donors and recipi
ents of Heritage Fund Scholar
ships will be hold next Wednes
day at 6:15 p.m. in the Union as
a thank-you to the Palo Alto busi
nessmen who suport this Senior
Class project of providing fresh
men and sophomores with finan
cial aid.
A dinner for donors and recipi
ents of Heritage Fund Scholar
ships will be hold next Wednes
day at 6:15 p.m. in the Union as
a thank-you to the Palo Alto busi
nessmen who suport this Senior
Class project of providing fresh
men and sophomores with finan
cial aid.
A dinner for donors and recipi
ents of Heritage Fund Scholar
ships will be hold next Wednes
day at 6:15 p.m. in the Union as
a thank-you to the Palo Alto busi
nessmen who suport this Senior
Class project of providing fresh
men and sophomores with finan
cial aid.
A dinner for donors and recipi
ents of Heritage Fund Scholar
ships will be hold next Wednes
day at 6:15 p.m. in the Union as
a thank-you to the Palo Alto busi
nessmen who suport this Senior
Class project of providing fresh
men and sophomores with finan
cial aid.
A dinner for donors and recipi
ents of Heritage Fund Scholar
ships will be hold next Wednes
day at 6:15 p.m. in the Union as
a thank-you to the Palo Alto busi
nessmen who suport this Senior
Class project of providing fresh
men and sophomores with finan
cial aid.
A dinner for donors and recipi
ents of Heritage Fund Scholar
ships will be hold next Wednes
day at 6:15 p.m. in the Union as
a thank-you to the Palo Alto busi
nessmen who suport this Senior
Class project of providing fresh
men and sophomores with finan
cial aid.
A dinner for donors and recipi
ents of Heritage Fund Scholar
ships will be hold next Wednes
day at 6:15 p.m. in the Union as
a thank-you to the Palo Alto busi
nessmen who suport this Senior
Class project of providing fresh
men and sophomores with finan
cial aid.
A dinner for donors and recipi
ents of Heritage Fund Scholar
ships will be hold next Wednes
day at 6:15 p.m. in the Union as
a thank-you to the Palo Alto busi
nessmen who suport this Senior
Class project of providing fresh
men and sophomores with finan
cial aid.
A dinner for donors and recipi
ents of Heritage Fund Scholar
ships will be hold next Wednes
day at 6:15 p.m. in the Union as
a thank-you to the Palo Alto busi
nessmen who suport this Senior
Class project of providing fresh
men and sophomores with finan
cial aid.
A dinner for donors and recipi
ents of Heritage Fund Scholar
ships will be hold next Wednes
day at 6:15 p.m. in the Union as
a thank-you to the Palo Alto busi
nessmen who suport this Senior
Class project of providing fresh
men and sophomores with finan
cial aid.
A dinner for donors and recipi
ents of Heritage Fund Scholar
ships will be hold next Wednes
day at 6:15 p.m. in the Union as
a thank-you to the Palo Alto busi
nessmen who suport this Senior
Class project of providing fresh
men and sophomores with finan
cial aid.
A dinner for donors and recipi
ents of Heritage Fund Scholar
ships will be hold next Wednes
day at 6:15 p.m. in the Union as
a thank-you to the Palo Alto busi
nessmen who suport this Senior
Class project of providing fresh
men and sophomores with finan
cial aid.
A dinner for donors and recipi
ents of Heritage Fund Scholar
ships will be hold next Wednes
day at 6:15 p.m. in the Union as
a thank-you to the Palo Alto busi
nessmen who suport this Senior
Class project of providing fresh
men and sophomores with finan
cial aid.
A dinner for donors and recipi
ents of Heritage Fund Scholar
ships will be hold next Wednes
day at 6:15 p.m. in the Union as
a thank-you to the Palo Alto busi
nessmen who suport this Senior
Class project of providing fresh
men and sophomores with finan
cial aid.
A dinner for donors and recipi
ents of Heritage Fund Scholar
ships will be hold next Wednes
day at 6:15 p.m. in the Union as
a thank-you to the Palo Alto busi
nessmen who suport this Senior
Class project of providing fresh
men and sophomores with finan
cial aid.
A dinner for donors and recipi
ents of Heritage Fund Scholar
ships will be hold next Wednes
day at 6:15 p.m. in the Union as
a thank-you to the Palo Alto busi
nessmen who suport this Senior
Class project of providing fresh
men and sophomores with finan
cial aid.
