# Euphronia Debates
## 
### 
N. R. Allen, '18, and L. S. Barnes,
'18, supported the affirmative; L. L.
Chapman, '18, and R. H. French, sp.,
the negative of the question: "Re
solved, That England was justified in
the opium war with China," at a
session of Euphronia last evening.
This was the first of a series of
arguments on world-wide economic
and political questions that marks the
expansion in Euphronia's debate pro
gram.
N. R. Allen, '18, and L. S. Barnes,
'18, supported the affirmative; L. L.
Chapman, '18, and R. H. French, sp.,
the negative of the question: "Re
solved, That England was justified in
the opium war with China," at a
session of Euphronia last evening.
This was the first of a series of
arguments on world-wide economic
and political questions that marks the
expansion in Euphronia's debate pro
gram.
N. R. Allen, '18, and L. S. Barnes,
'18, supported the affirmative; L. L.
Chapman, '18, and R. H. French, sp.,
the negative of the question: "Re
solved, That England was justified in
the opium war with China," at a
session of Euphronia last evening.
This was the first of a series of
arguments on world-wide economic
and political questions that marks the
expansion in Euphronia's debate pro
gram.
N. R. Allen, '18, and L. S. Barnes,
'18, supported the affirmative; L. L.
Chapman, '18, and R. H. French, sp.,
the negative of the question: "Re
solved, That England was justified in
the opium war with China," at a
session of Euphronia last evening.
This was the first of a series of
arguments on world-wide economic
and political questions that marks the
expansion in Euphronia's debate pro
gram.
N. R. Allen, '18, and L. S. Barnes,
'18, supported the affirmative; L. L.
Chapman, '18, and R. H. French, sp.,
the negative of the question: "Re
solved, That England was justified in
the opium war with China," at a
session of Euphronia last evening.
This was the first of a series of
arguments on world-wide economic
and political questions that marks the
expansion in Euphronia's debate pro
gram.
N. R. Allen, '18, and L. S. Barnes,
'18, supported the affirmative; L. L.
Chapman, '18, and R. H. French, sp.,
the negative of the question: "Re
solved, That England was justified in
the opium war with China," at a
session of Euphronia last evening.
This was the first of a series of
arguments on world-wide economic
and political questions that marks the
expansion in Euphronia's debate pro
gram.
N. R. Allen, '18, and L. S. Barnes,
'18, supported the affirmative; L. L.
Chapman, '18, and R. H. French, sp.,
the negative of the question: "Re
solved, That England was justified in
the opium war with China," at a
session of Euphronia last evening.
This was the first of a series of
arguments on world-wide economic
and political questions that marks the
expansion in Euphronia's debate pro
gram.
N. R. Allen, '18, and L. S. Barnes,
'18, supported the affirmative; L. L.
Chapman, '18, and R. H. French, sp.,
the negative of the question: "Re
solved, That England was justified in
the opium war with China," at a
session of Euphronia last evening.
This was the first of a series of
arguments on world-wide economic
and political questions that marks the
expansion in Euphronia's debate pro
gram.
N. R. Allen, '18, and L. S. Barnes,
'18, supported the affirmative; L. L.
Chapman, '18, and R. H. French, sp.,
the negative of the question: "Re
solved, That England was justified in
the opium war with China," at a
session of Euphronia last evening.
This was the first of a series of
arguments on world-wide economic
and political questions that marks the
expansion in Euphronia's debate pro
gram.
N. R. Allen, '18, and L. S. Barnes,
'18, supported the affirmative; L. L.
Chapman, '18, and R. H. French, sp.,
the negative of the question: "Re
solved, That England was justified in
the opium war with China," at a
session of Euphronia last evening.
This was the first of a series of
arguments on world-wide economic
and political questions that marks the
expansion in Euphronia's debate pro
gram.
N. R. Allen, '18, and L. S. Barnes,
'18, supported the affirmative; L. L.
Chapman, '18, and R. H. French, sp.,
the negative of the question: "Re
solved, That England was justified in
the opium war with China," at a
session of Euphronia last evening.
This was the first of a series of
arguments on world-wide economic
and political questions that marks the
expansion in Euphronia's debate pro
gram.
N. R. Allen, '18, and L. S. Barnes,
'18, supported the affirmative; L. L.
Chapman, '18, and R. H. French, sp.,
the negative of the question: "Re
solved, That England was justified in
the opium war with China," at a
session of Euphronia last evening.
This was the first of a series of
arguments on world-wide economic
and political questions that marks the
expansion in Euphronia's debate pro
gram.
N. R. Allen, '18, and L. S. Barnes,
'18, supported the affirmative; L. L.
Chapman, '18, and R. H. French, sp.,
the negative of the question: "Re
solved, That England was justified in
the opium war with China," at a
session of Euphronia last evening.
This was the first of a series of
arguments on world-wide economic
and political questions that marks the
expansion in Euphronia's debate pro
gram.
N. R. Allen, '18, and L. S. Barnes,
'18, supported the affirmative; L. L.
Chapman, '18, and R. H. French, sp.,
the negative of the question: "Re
solved, That England was justified in
the opium war with China," at a
session of Euphronia last evening.
This was the first of a series of
arguments on world-wide economic
and political questions that marks the
expansion in Euphronia's debate pro
gram.
