# Classical Club Meets.
## 
### 
Classical Club discussed the ancient
collections in the Stanford Museum
last night at a meeting held at the
home of Professor J. Elmore.
Classical Club discussed the ancient
collections in the Stanford Museum
last night at a meeting held at the
home of Professor J. Elmore.
Classical Club discussed the ancient
collections in the Stanford Museum
last night at a meeting held at the
home of Professor J. Elmore.
Classical Club discussed the ancient
collections in the Stanford Museum
last night at a meeting held at the
home of Professor J. Elmore.
Classical Club discussed the ancient
collections in the Stanford Museum
last night at a meeting held at the
home of Professor J. Elmore.
Classical Club discussed the ancient
collections in the Stanford Museum
last night at a meeting held at the
home of Professor J. Elmore.
Classical Club discussed the ancient
collections in the Stanford Museum
last night at a meeting held at the
home of Professor J. Elmore.
Classical Club discussed the ancient
collections in the Stanford Museum
last night at a meeting held at the
home of Professor J. Elmore.
Classical Club discussed the ancient
collections in the Stanford Museum
last night at a meeting held at the
home of Professor J. Elmore.
Classical Club discussed the ancient
collections in the Stanford Museum
last night at a meeting held at the
home of Professor J. Elmore.
Classical Club discussed the ancient
collections in the Stanford Museum
last night at a meeting held at the
home of Professor J. Elmore.
Classical Club discussed the ancient
collections in the Stanford Museum
last night at a meeting held at the
home of Professor J. Elmore.
Classical Club discussed the ancient
collections in the Stanford Museum
last night at a meeting held at the
home of Professor J. Elmore.
Classical Club discussed the ancient
collections in the Stanford Museum
last night at a meeting held at the
home of Professor J. Elmore.
