# Adv. 8 Page 2
## 
### 
WE DOUBT IF
Puccini knew very much
about girls of the golden
west but he could write
good opera as witness Ce
tra LP 1215.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
WE DOUBT IF
Puccini knew very much
about girls of the golden
west but he could write
good opera as witness Ce
tra LP 1215.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
WE DOUBT IF
Puccini knew very much
about girls of the golden
west but he could write
good opera as witness Ce
tra LP 1215.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
WE DOUBT IF
Puccini knew very much
about girls of the golden
west but he could write
good opera as witness Ce
tra LP 1215.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
WE DOUBT IF
Puccini knew very much
about girls of the golden
west but he could write
good opera as witness Ce
tra LP 1215.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
WE DOUBT IF
Puccini knew very much
about girls of the golden
west but he could write
good opera as witness Ce
tra LP 1215.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
WE DOUBT IF
Puccini knew very much
about girls of the golden
west but he could write
good opera as witness Ce
tra LP 1215.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
WE DOUBT IF
Puccini knew very much
about girls of the golden
west but he could write
good opera as witness Ce
tra LP 1215.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
WE DOUBT IF
Puccini knew very much
about girls of the golden
west but he could write
good opera as witness Ce
tra LP 1215.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
WE DOUBT IF
Puccini knew very much
about girls of the golden
west but he could write
good opera as witness Ce
tra LP 1215.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
WE DOUBT IF
Puccini knew very much
about girls of the golden
west but he could write
good opera as witness Ce
tra LP 1215.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
WE DOUBT IF
Puccini knew very much
about girls of the golden
west but he could write
good opera as witness Ce
tra LP 1215.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
WE DOUBT IF
Puccini knew very much
about girls of the golden
west but he could write
good opera as witness Ce
tra LP 1215.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
WE DOUBT IF
Puccini knew very much
about girls of the golden
west but he could write
good opera as witness Ce
tra LP 1215.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
WE DOUBT IF
Puccini knew very much
about girls of the golden
west but he could write
good opera as witness Ce
tra LP 1215.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
