# Nanney to Present French Program
## 
### 
Herbert B. Nanney, organist, will
present a program of French organ
music today at 4:15 p.m. in Memo
rial Church.
The program will consist of: "Ave
Maris Stplhi," by Titlelouze; "Cha
conne, ' by Louis Couperin; "Fun
t;:isie in A." by Franck; "Scherzo,"
from rfte second symphony of Louis
Viern*- "Thou Art the Rock." a
toccatay«by Millet; anil three verses
from thf '"Ie Deum." anonymous.
Herbert B. Nanney, organist, will
present a program of French organ
music today at 4:15 p.m. in Memo
rial Church.
The program will consist of: "Ave
Maris Stplhi," by Titlelouze; "Cha
conne, ' by Louis Couperin; "Fun
t;:isie in A." by Franck; "Scherzo,"
from rfte second symphony of Louis
Viern*- "Thou Art the Rock." a
toccatay«by Millet; anil three verses
from thf '"Ie Deum." anonymous.
Herbert B. Nanney, organist, will
present a program of French organ
music today at 4:15 p.m. in Memo
rial Church.
The program will consist of: "Ave
Maris Stplhi," by Titlelouze; "Cha
conne, ' by Louis Couperin; "Fun
t;:isie in A." by Franck; "Scherzo,"
from rfte second symphony of Louis
Viern*- "Thou Art the Rock." a
toccatay«by Millet; anil three verses
from thf '"Ie Deum." anonymous.
Herbert B. Nanney, organist, will
present a program of French organ
music today at 4:15 p.m. in Memo
rial Church.
The program will consist of: "Ave
Maris Stplhi," by Titlelouze; "Cha
conne, ' by Louis Couperin; "Fun
t;:isie in A." by Franck; "Scherzo,"
from rfte second symphony of Louis
Viern*- "Thou Art the Rock." a
toccatay«by Millet; anil three verses
from thf '"Ie Deum." anonymous.
Herbert B. Nanney, organist, will
present a program of French organ
music today at 4:15 p.m. in Memo
rial Church.
The program will consist of: "Ave
Maris Stplhi," by Titlelouze; "Cha
conne, ' by Louis Couperin; "Fun
t;:isie in A." by Franck; "Scherzo,"
from rfte second symphony of Louis
Viern*- "Thou Art the Rock." a
toccatay«by Millet; anil three verses
from thf '"Ie Deum." anonymous.
Herbert B. Nanney, organist, will
present a program of French organ
music today at 4:15 p.m. in Memo
rial Church.
The program will consist of: "Ave
Maris Stplhi," by Titlelouze; "Cha
conne, ' by Louis Couperin; "Fun
t;:isie in A." by Franck; "Scherzo,"
from rfte second symphony of Louis
Viern*- "Thou Art the Rock." a
toccatay«by Millet; anil three verses
from thf '"Ie Deum." anonymous.
Herbert B. Nanney, organist, will
present a program of French organ
music today at 4:15 p.m. in Memo
rial Church.
The program will consist of: "Ave
Maris Stplhi," by Titlelouze; "Cha
conne, ' by Louis Couperin; "Fun
t;:isie in A." by Franck; "Scherzo,"
from rfte second symphony of Louis
Viern*- "Thou Art the Rock." a
toccatay«by Millet; anil three verses
from thf '"Ie Deum." anonymous.
Herbert B. Nanney, organist, will
present a program of French organ
music today at 4:15 p.m. in Memo
rial Church.
The program will consist of: "Ave
Maris Stplhi," by Titlelouze; "Cha
conne, ' by Louis Couperin; "Fun
t;:isie in A." by Franck; "Scherzo,"
from rfte second symphony of Louis
Viern*- "Thou Art the Rock." a
toccatay«by Millet; anil three verses
from thf '"Ie Deum." anonymous.
Herbert B. Nanney, organist, will
present a program of French organ
music today at 4:15 p.m. in Memo
rial Church.
The program will consist of: "Ave
Maris Stplhi," by Titlelouze; "Cha
conne, ' by Louis Couperin; "Fun
t;:isie in A." by Franck; "Scherzo,"
from rfte second symphony of Louis
Viern*- "Thou Art the Rock." a
toccatay«by Millet; anil three verses
from thf '"Ie Deum." anonymous.
Herbert B. Nanney, organist, will
present a program of French organ
music today at 4:15 p.m. in Memo
rial Church.
The program will consist of: "Ave
Maris Stplhi," by Titlelouze; "Cha
conne, ' by Louis Couperin; "Fun
t;:isie in A." by Franck; "Scherzo,"
from rfte second symphony of Louis
Viern*- "Thou Art the Rock." a
toccatay«by Millet; anil three verses
from thf '"Ie Deum." anonymous.
Herbert B. Nanney, organist, will
present a program of French organ
music today at 4:15 p.m. in Memo
rial Church.
The program will consist of: "Ave
Maris Stplhi," by Titlelouze; "Cha
conne, ' by Louis Couperin; "Fun
t;:isie in A." by Franck; "Scherzo,"
from rfte second symphony of Louis
Viern*- "Thou Art the Rock." a
toccatay«by Millet; anil three verses
from thf '"Ie Deum." anonymous.
Herbert B. Nanney, organist, will
present a program of French organ
music today at 4:15 p.m. in Memo
rial Church.
The program will consist of: "Ave
Maris Stplhi," by Titlelouze; "Cha
conne, ' by Louis Couperin; "Fun
t;:isie in A." by Franck; "Scherzo,"
from rfte second symphony of Louis
Viern*- "Thou Art the Rock." a
toccatay«by Millet; anil three verses
from thf '"Ie Deum." anonymous.
Herbert B. Nanney, organist, will
present a program of French organ
music today at 4:15 p.m. in Memo
rial Church.
The program will consist of: "Ave
Maris Stplhi," by Titlelouze; "Cha
conne, ' by Louis Couperin; "Fun
t;:isie in A." by Franck; "Scherzo,"
from rfte second symphony of Louis
Viern*- "Thou Art the Rock." a
toccatay«by Millet; anil three verses
from thf '"Ie Deum." anonymous.
Herbert B. Nanney, organist, will
present a program of French organ
music today at 4:15 p.m. in Memo
rial Church.
The program will consist of: "Ave
Maris Stplhi," by Titlelouze; "Cha
conne, ' by Louis Couperin; "Fun
t;:isie in A." by Franck; "Scherzo,"
from rfte second symphony of Louis
Viern*- "Thou Art the Rock." a
toccatay«by Millet; anil three verses
from thf '"Ie Deum." anonymous.
Herbert B. Nanney, organist, will
present a program of French organ
music today at 4:15 p.m. in Memo
rial Church.
The program will consist of: "Ave
Maris Stplhi," by Titlelouze; "Cha
conne, ' by Louis Couperin; "Fun
t;:isie in A." by Franck; "Scherzo,"
from rfte second symphony of Louis
Viern*- "Thou Art the Rock." a
toccatay«by Millet; anil three verses
from thf '"Ie Deum." anonymous.
