# '51-'52 Scholarship Applications Due
## 
### 
Undergraduate scholarship appli
cations arc now due for the school
year of 1951-52. Hie deadline is
April Ifi.
If a renewal is wished on a present
.scholarship it should he applied for
at (his time. New undergraduate ap
plicants who are in need of financial
aid ami whose total record at Stan
ford averages B or better arc also
eligible to apply.
Appropriate forms are available at
Ihr office of the Scholarship Com
mittee, Room 111F, Inner Quad.
Undergraduate scholarship appli
cations arc now due for the school
year of 1951-52. Hie deadline is
April Ifi.
If a renewal is wished on a present
.scholarship it should he applied for
at (his time. New undergraduate ap
plicants who are in need of financial
aid ami whose total record at Stan
ford averages B or better arc also
eligible to apply.
Appropriate forms are available at
Ihr office of the Scholarship Com
mittee, Room 111F, Inner Quad.
Undergraduate scholarship appli
cations arc now due for the school
year of 1951-52. Hie deadline is
April Ifi.
If a renewal is wished on a present
.scholarship it should he applied for
at (his time. New undergraduate ap
plicants who are in need of financial
aid ami whose total record at Stan
ford averages B or better arc also
eligible to apply.
Appropriate forms are available at
Ihr office of the Scholarship Com
mittee, Room 111F, Inner Quad.
Undergraduate scholarship appli
cations arc now due for the school
year of 1951-52. Hie deadline is
April Ifi.
If a renewal is wished on a present
.scholarship it should he applied for
at (his time. New undergraduate ap
plicants who are in need of financial
aid ami whose total record at Stan
ford averages B or better arc also
eligible to apply.
Appropriate forms are available at
Ihr office of the Scholarship Com
mittee, Room 111F, Inner Quad.
Undergraduate scholarship appli
cations arc now due for the school
year of 1951-52. Hie deadline is
April Ifi.
If a renewal is wished on a present
.scholarship it should he applied for
at (his time. New undergraduate ap
plicants who are in need of financial
aid ami whose total record at Stan
ford averages B or better arc also
eligible to apply.
Appropriate forms are available at
Ihr office of the Scholarship Com
mittee, Room 111F, Inner Quad.
Undergraduate scholarship appli
cations arc now due for the school
year of 1951-52. Hie deadline is
April Ifi.
If a renewal is wished on a present
.scholarship it should he applied for
at (his time. New undergraduate ap
plicants who are in need of financial
aid ami whose total record at Stan
ford averages B or better arc also
eligible to apply.
Appropriate forms are available at
Ihr office of the Scholarship Com
mittee, Room 111F, Inner Quad.
Undergraduate scholarship appli
cations arc now due for the school
year of 1951-52. Hie deadline is
April Ifi.
If a renewal is wished on a present
.scholarship it should he applied for
at (his time. New undergraduate ap
plicants who are in need of financial
aid ami whose total record at Stan
ford averages B or better arc also
eligible to apply.
Appropriate forms are available at
Ihr office of the Scholarship Com
mittee, Room 111F, Inner Quad.
Undergraduate scholarship appli
cations arc now due for the school
year of 1951-52. Hie deadline is
April Ifi.
If a renewal is wished on a present
.scholarship it should he applied for
at (his time. New undergraduate ap
plicants who are in need of financial
aid ami whose total record at Stan
ford averages B or better arc also
eligible to apply.
Appropriate forms are available at
Ihr office of the Scholarship Com
mittee, Room 111F, Inner Quad.
Undergraduate scholarship appli
cations arc now due for the school
year of 1951-52. Hie deadline is
April Ifi.
If a renewal is wished on a present
.scholarship it should he applied for
at (his time. New undergraduate ap
plicants who are in need of financial
aid ami whose total record at Stan
ford averages B or better arc also
eligible to apply.
Appropriate forms are available at
Ihr office of the Scholarship Com
mittee, Room 111F, Inner Quad.
Undergraduate scholarship appli
cations arc now due for the school
year of 1951-52. Hie deadline is
April Ifi.
If a renewal is wished on a present
.scholarship it should he applied for
at (his time. New undergraduate ap
plicants who are in need of financial
aid ami whose total record at Stan
ford averages B or better arc also
eligible to apply.
Appropriate forms are available at
Ihr office of the Scholarship Com
mittee, Room 111F, Inner Quad.
Undergraduate scholarship appli
cations arc now due for the school
year of 1951-52. Hie deadline is
April Ifi.
If a renewal is wished on a present
.scholarship it should he applied for
at (his time. New undergraduate ap
plicants who are in need of financial
aid ami whose total record at Stan
ford averages B or better arc also
eligible to apply.
Appropriate forms are available at
Ihr office of the Scholarship Com
mittee, Room 111F, Inner Quad.
Undergraduate scholarship appli
cations arc now due for the school
year of 1951-52. Hie deadline is
April Ifi.
If a renewal is wished on a present
.scholarship it should he applied for
at (his time. New undergraduate ap
plicants who are in need of financial
aid ami whose total record at Stan
ford averages B or better arc also
eligible to apply.
Appropriate forms are available at
Ihr office of the Scholarship Com
mittee, Room 111F, Inner Quad.
Undergraduate scholarship appli
cations arc now due for the school
year of 1951-52. Hie deadline is
April Ifi.
If a renewal is wished on a present
.scholarship it should he applied for
at (his time. New undergraduate ap
plicants who are in need of financial
aid ami whose total record at Stan
ford averages B or better arc also
eligible to apply.
Appropriate forms are available at
Ihr office of the Scholarship Com
mittee, Room 111F, Inner Quad.
Undergraduate scholarship appli
cations arc now due for the school
year of 1951-52. Hie deadline is
April Ifi.
If a renewal is wished on a present
.scholarship it should he applied for
at (his time. New undergraduate ap
plicants who are in need of financial
aid ami whose total record at Stan
ford averages B or better arc also
eligible to apply.
Appropriate forms are available at
Ihr office of the Scholarship Com
mittee, Room 111F, Inner Quad.
Undergraduate scholarship appli
cations arc now due for the school
year of 1951-52. Hie deadline is
April Ifi.
If a renewal is wished on a present
.scholarship it should he applied for
at (his time. New undergraduate ap
plicants who are in need of financial
aid ami whose total record at Stan
ford averages B or better arc also
eligible to apply.
Appropriate forms are available at
Ihr office of the Scholarship Com
mittee, Room 111F, Inner Quad.
