# Burdick Sr. In Humor Reading
## 
### 
Hal Burdick Sr. will present a
reading hour today in the Little
Theater at 4:15 p.m. Admission is
free to students and the general
public.
Burdick, the "Night Editor" of
Coast radio networks, is sponsored
by the Speech and Drama Depart
ment,
Topic of the reading hour will be
American humor. Burdick will read
selections by various American
newspaper humorists such as Will
Rogers, Irwin S. Cobb, F.P.A., Fjank
Sullivan, and others.
Burdick is the father of Hal Bur
dick Jr., sophomore at Stanford.
Burdick Sr. appeared at Stanford
last year when he played the wild
eyed Irish parent of "Playboy of
the Western World."
Burdick started his stage career
in a Seattle stock company. Though
a veteran of the theater for many
years, he originally studied law.
A liking for story-telling led Bur
dick from stage to journalism to
radio broadcasting. Along the way
he picked up selections from Amer
ican humorists, some of which he
will read today.


lIAL BURDICK SR
â€”"Night Editor"
