# Gym Workman Sustains Injury.
## 
### 
Alfred Johnson, a carpenter working
on rlie new gymnasium, broke both his
arms as a result of a fall Saturday.
H<« 's confined in the Peninsula Hos
pital.
Alfred Johnson, a carpenter working
on rlie new gymnasium, broke both his
arms as a result of a fall Saturday.
H<« 's confined in the Peninsula Hos
pital.
Alfred Johnson, a carpenter working
on rlie new gymnasium, broke both his
arms as a result of a fall Saturday.
H<« 's confined in the Peninsula Hos
pital.
Alfred Johnson, a carpenter working
on rlie new gymnasium, broke both his
arms as a result of a fall Saturday.
H<« 's confined in the Peninsula Hos
pital.
Alfred Johnson, a carpenter working
on rlie new gymnasium, broke both his
arms as a result of a fall Saturday.
H<« 's confined in the Peninsula Hos
pital.
Alfred Johnson, a carpenter working
on rlie new gymnasium, broke both his
arms as a result of a fall Saturday.
H<« 's confined in the Peninsula Hos
pital.
Alfred Johnson, a carpenter working
on rlie new gymnasium, broke both his
arms as a result of a fall Saturday.
H<« 's confined in the Peninsula Hos
pital.
Alfred Johnson, a carpenter working
on rlie new gymnasium, broke both his
arms as a result of a fall Saturday.
H<« 's confined in the Peninsula Hos
pital.
Alfred Johnson, a carpenter working
on rlie new gymnasium, broke both his
arms as a result of a fall Saturday.
H<« 's confined in the Peninsula Hos
pital.
Alfred Johnson, a carpenter working
on rlie new gymnasium, broke both his
arms as a result of a fall Saturday.
H<« 's confined in the Peninsula Hos
pital.
Alfred Johnson, a carpenter working
on rlie new gymnasium, broke both his
arms as a result of a fall Saturday.
H<« 's confined in the Peninsula Hos
pital.
Alfred Johnson, a carpenter working
on rlie new gymnasium, broke both his
arms as a result of a fall Saturday.
H<« 's confined in the Peninsula Hos
pital.
Alfred Johnson, a carpenter working
on rlie new gymnasium, broke both his
arms as a result of a fall Saturday.
H<« 's confined in the Peninsula Hos
pital.
