# "Marketing Research" Is Subject for Talk
## 
### 
H. L. Clary of the Bureau of Man
agement Research, San Francisco, will
speak in Room 414 Psychology build
ing at 4:40< o'clock tomorrow after
noon. His subject will be "Marketing
Research." The general public la in
vited.
Clary is the first of a series of
speakers to address students in the
"Psychology of Advertising." This sub
ject is handled at Stanford by Prof.
E. K. Strong.
H. L. Clary of the Bureau of Man
agement Research, San Francisco, will
speak in Room 414 Psychology build
ing at 4:40< o'clock tomorrow after
noon. His subject will be "Marketing
Research." The general public la in
vited.
Clary is the first of a series of
speakers to address students in the
"Psychology of Advertising." This sub
ject is handled at Stanford by Prof.
E. K. Strong.
H. L. Clary of the Bureau of Man
agement Research, San Francisco, will
speak in Room 414 Psychology build
ing at 4:40< o'clock tomorrow after
noon. His subject will be "Marketing
Research." The general public la in
vited.
Clary is the first of a series of
speakers to address students in the
"Psychology of Advertising." This sub
ject is handled at Stanford by Prof.
E. K. Strong.
H. L. Clary of the Bureau of Man
agement Research, San Francisco, will
speak in Room 414 Psychology build
ing at 4:40< o'clock tomorrow after
noon. His subject will be "Marketing
Research." The general public la in
vited.
Clary is the first of a series of
speakers to address students in the
"Psychology of Advertising." This sub
ject is handled at Stanford by Prof.
E. K. Strong.
H. L. Clary of the Bureau of Man
agement Research, San Francisco, will
speak in Room 414 Psychology build
ing at 4:40< o'clock tomorrow after
noon. His subject will be "Marketing
Research." The general public la in
vited.
Clary is the first of a series of
speakers to address students in the
"Psychology of Advertising." This sub
ject is handled at Stanford by Prof.
E. K. Strong.
H. L. Clary of the Bureau of Man
agement Research, San Francisco, will
speak in Room 414 Psychology build
ing at 4:40< o'clock tomorrow after
noon. His subject will be "Marketing
Research." The general public la in
vited.
Clary is the first of a series of
speakers to address students in the
"Psychology of Advertising." This sub
ject is handled at Stanford by Prof.
E. K. Strong.
H. L. Clary of the Bureau of Man
agement Research, San Francisco, will
speak in Room 414 Psychology build
ing at 4:40< o'clock tomorrow after
noon. His subject will be "Marketing
Research." The general public la in
vited.
Clary is the first of a series of
speakers to address students in the
"Psychology of Advertising." This sub
ject is handled at Stanford by Prof.
E. K. Strong.
H. L. Clary of the Bureau of Man
agement Research, San Francisco, will
speak in Room 414 Psychology build
ing at 4:40< o'clock tomorrow after
noon. His subject will be "Marketing
Research." The general public la in
vited.
Clary is the first of a series of
speakers to address students in the
"Psychology of Advertising." This sub
ject is handled at Stanford by Prof.
E. K. Strong.
H. L. Clary of the Bureau of Man
agement Research, San Francisco, will
speak in Room 414 Psychology build
ing at 4:40< o'clock tomorrow after
noon. His subject will be "Marketing
Research." The general public la in
vited.
Clary is the first of a series of
speakers to address students in the
"Psychology of Advertising." This sub
ject is handled at Stanford by Prof.
E. K. Strong.
H. L. Clary of the Bureau of Man
agement Research, San Francisco, will
speak in Room 414 Psychology build
ing at 4:40< o'clock tomorrow after
noon. His subject will be "Marketing
Research." The general public la in
vited.
Clary is the first of a series of
speakers to address students in the
"Psychology of Advertising." This sub
ject is handled at Stanford by Prof.
E. K. Strong.
H. L. Clary of the Bureau of Man
agement Research, San Francisco, will
speak in Room 414 Psychology build
ing at 4:40< o'clock tomorrow after
noon. His subject will be "Marketing
Research." The general public la in
vited.
Clary is the first of a series of
speakers to address students in the
"Psychology of Advertising." This sub
ject is handled at Stanford by Prof.
E. K. Strong.
H. L. Clary of the Bureau of Man
agement Research, San Francisco, will
speak in Room 414 Psychology build
ing at 4:40< o'clock tomorrow after
noon. His subject will be "Marketing
Research." The general public la in
vited.
Clary is the first of a series of
speakers to address students in the
"Psychology of Advertising." This sub
ject is handled at Stanford by Prof.
E. K. Strong.
H. L. Clary of the Bureau of Man
agement Research, San Francisco, will
speak in Room 414 Psychology build
ing at 4:40< o'clock tomorrow after
noon. His subject will be "Marketing
Research." The general public la in
vited.
Clary is the first of a series of
speakers to address students in the
"Psychology of Advertising." This sub
ject is handled at Stanford by Prof.
E. K. Strong.
H. L. Clary of the Bureau of Man
agement Research, San Francisco, will
speak in Room 414 Psychology build
ing at 4:40< o'clock tomorrow after
noon. His subject will be "Marketing
Research." The general public la in
vited.
Clary is the first of a series of
speakers to address students in the
"Psychology of Advertising." This sub
ject is handled at Stanford by Prof.
E. K. Strong.
H. L. Clary of the Bureau of Man
agement Research, San Francisco, will
speak in Room 414 Psychology build
ing at 4:40< o'clock tomorrow after
noon. His subject will be "Marketing
Research." The general public la in
vited.
Clary is the first of a series of
speakers to address students in the
"Psychology of Advertising." This sub
ject is handled at Stanford by Prof.
E. K. Strong.
H. L. Clary of the Bureau of Man
agement Research, San Francisco, will
speak in Room 414 Psychology build
ing at 4:40< o'clock tomorrow after
noon. His subject will be "Marketing
Research." The general public la in
vited.
Clary is the first of a series of
speakers to address students in the
"Psychology of Advertising." This sub
ject is handled at Stanford by Prof.
E. K. Strong.
