# ALL CONTRIBUTIONS TO NEXT CHAPARRAL ARE DUE THIS WEEK
## 
### 
All those who crave complimentary'
copies of Chaparral are notified that)
literary and art contributions must be
in this week, art material before Tues
day at midnight and literature before
Fr.idy noon. Contributions should be
mailed to Box 15, Stanford University,
or brought to the Chaparral offices on
the second floor of the Press building.
In accordance with the Old Boy's ;
policy, inaugurated last month, copies!
of the' magazine will be mailed to all
contributors who have a certain
amount of material accepted. Inciden
tally, no rejected material will be re
turned to the author unless accom-i
panied by a stamped, self-addressed
envelope.
The Vocal Number, for which
screamingly funny and utterly original
stuff is now being hunted, will be on
sale before November 1. - - I
