# University Golfers Will Battle for Championship
## 
### 
Golf will become a recognized sport
at Stanford when the qualifying rounds
of the University Championship Tour
nament will be played off, on October
22 and 23. The place of the tourna
ment has not been definitely decided
but the Burlingame Country Club has
been chosen temporarily as the logical
battling ground.
Prizes will be awarded to the flight
winners. Due to the interest taken
last year by the freshmen in the En
cina golf club a large turnout of good
players is expected and competition
for varsity positions promises to be
strenuous.
Golf will become a recognized sport
at Stanford when the qualifying rounds
of the University Championship Tour
nament will be played off, on October
22 and 23. The place of the tourna
ment has not been definitely decided
but the Burlingame Country Club has
been chosen temporarily as the logical
battling ground.
Prizes will be awarded to the flight
winners. Due to the interest taken
last year by the freshmen in the En
cina golf club a large turnout of good
players is expected and competition
for varsity positions promises to be
strenuous.
Golf will become a recognized sport
at Stanford when the qualifying rounds
of the University Championship Tour
nament will be played off, on October
22 and 23. The place of the tourna
ment has not been definitely decided
but the Burlingame Country Club has
been chosen temporarily as the logical
battling ground.
Prizes will be awarded to the flight
winners. Due to the interest taken
last year by the freshmen in the En
cina golf club a large turnout of good
players is expected and competition
for varsity positions promises to be
strenuous.
Golf will become a recognized sport
at Stanford when the qualifying rounds
of the University Championship Tour
nament will be played off, on October
22 and 23. The place of the tourna
ment has not been definitely decided
but the Burlingame Country Club has
been chosen temporarily as the logical
battling ground.
Prizes will be awarded to the flight
winners. Due to the interest taken
last year by the freshmen in the En
cina golf club a large turnout of good
players is expected and competition
for varsity positions promises to be
strenuous.
Golf will become a recognized sport
at Stanford when the qualifying rounds
of the University Championship Tour
nament will be played off, on October
22 and 23. The place of the tourna
ment has not been definitely decided
but the Burlingame Country Club has
been chosen temporarily as the logical
battling ground.
Prizes will be awarded to the flight
winners. Due to the interest taken
last year by the freshmen in the En
cina golf club a large turnout of good
players is expected and competition
for varsity positions promises to be
strenuous.
Golf will become a recognized sport
at Stanford when the qualifying rounds
of the University Championship Tour
nament will be played off, on October
22 and 23. The place of the tourna
ment has not been definitely decided
but the Burlingame Country Club has
been chosen temporarily as the logical
battling ground.
Prizes will be awarded to the flight
winners. Due to the interest taken
last year by the freshmen in the En
cina golf club a large turnout of good
players is expected and competition
for varsity positions promises to be
strenuous.
Golf will become a recognized sport
at Stanford when the qualifying rounds
of the University Championship Tour
nament will be played off, on October
22 and 23. The place of the tourna
ment has not been definitely decided
but the Burlingame Country Club has
been chosen temporarily as the logical
battling ground.
Prizes will be awarded to the flight
winners. Due to the interest taken
last year by the freshmen in the En
cina golf club a large turnout of good
players is expected and competition
for varsity positions promises to be
strenuous.
Golf will become a recognized sport
at Stanford when the qualifying rounds
of the University Championship Tour
nament will be played off, on October
22 and 23. The place of the tourna
ment has not been definitely decided
but the Burlingame Country Club has
been chosen temporarily as the logical
battling ground.
Prizes will be awarded to the flight
winners. Due to the interest taken
last year by the freshmen in the En
cina golf club a large turnout of good
players is expected and competition
for varsity positions promises to be
strenuous.
Golf will become a recognized sport
at Stanford when the qualifying rounds
of the University Championship Tour
nament will be played off, on October
22 and 23. The place of the tourna
ment has not been definitely decided
but the Burlingame Country Club has
been chosen temporarily as the logical
battling ground.
Prizes will be awarded to the flight
winners. Due to the interest taken
last year by the freshmen in the En
cina golf club a large turnout of good
players is expected and competition
for varsity positions promises to be
strenuous.
Golf will become a recognized sport
at Stanford when the qualifying rounds
of the University Championship Tour
nament will be played off, on October
22 and 23. The place of the tourna
ment has not been definitely decided
but the Burlingame Country Club has
been chosen temporarily as the logical
battling ground.
Prizes will be awarded to the flight
winners. Due to the interest taken
last year by the freshmen in the En
cina golf club a large turnout of good
players is expected and competition
for varsity positions promises to be
strenuous.
Golf will become a recognized sport
at Stanford when the qualifying rounds
of the University Championship Tour
nament will be played off, on October
22 and 23. The place of the tourna
ment has not been definitely decided
but the Burlingame Country Club has
been chosen temporarily as the logical
battling ground.
Prizes will be awarded to the flight
winners. Due to the interest taken
last year by the freshmen in the En
cina golf club a large turnout of good
players is expected and competition
for varsity positions promises to be
strenuous.
Golf will become a recognized sport
at Stanford when the qualifying rounds
of the University Championship Tour
nament will be played off, on October
22 and 23. The place of the tourna
ment has not been definitely decided
but the Burlingame Country Club has
been chosen temporarily as the logical
battling ground.
Prizes will be awarded to the flight
winners. Due to the interest taken
last year by the freshmen in the En
cina golf club a large turnout of good
players is expected and competition
for varsity positions promises to be
strenuous.
Golf will become a recognized sport
at Stanford when the qualifying rounds
of the University Championship Tour
nament will be played off, on October
22 and 23. The place of the tourna
ment has not been definitely decided
but the Burlingame Country Club has
been chosen temporarily as the logical
battling ground.
Prizes will be awarded to the flight
winners. Due to the interest taken
last year by the freshmen in the En
cina golf club a large turnout of good
players is expected and competition
for varsity positions promises to be
strenuous.
Golf will become a recognized sport
at Stanford when the qualifying rounds
of the University Championship Tour
nament will be played off, on October
22 and 23. The place of the tourna
ment has not been definitely decided
but the Burlingame Country Club has
been chosen temporarily as the logical
battling ground.
Prizes will be awarded to the flight
winners. Due to the interest taken
last year by the freshmen in the En
cina golf club a large turnout of good
players is expected and competition
for varsity positions promises to be
strenuous.
Golf will become a recognized sport
at Stanford when the qualifying rounds
of the University Championship Tour
nament will be played off, on October
22 and 23. The place of the tourna
ment has not been definitely decided
but the Burlingame Country Club has
been chosen temporarily as the logical
battling ground.
Prizes will be awarded to the flight
winners. Due to the interest taken
last year by the freshmen in the En
cina golf club a large turnout of good
players is expected and competition
for varsity positions promises to be
strenuous.
Golf will become a recognized sport
at Stanford when the qualifying rounds
of the University Championship Tour
nament will be played off, on October
22 and 23. The place of the tourna
ment has not been definitely decided
but the Burlingame Country Club has
been chosen temporarily as the logical
battling ground.
Prizes will be awarded to the flight
winners. Due to the interest taken
last year by the freshmen in the En
cina golf club a large turnout of good
players is expected and competition
for varsity positions promises to be
strenuous.
