# Co-operation.
## 
### 
Civilization itself rests and advances
on the great principle of co-operation;
the weak by its means are strengthened,
and the one in least capacity is brought
up in advantages to the level of the
best. The result brings all closer to
the entire fruits of the united indus
tries. With greater intelligence and
better understanding of its principles,
the majority of the nation's industries
will be thus carried on. Co-operation
will bring out the highest capacities of
those engaged in it. The p.'iuciplo is a
democratic one, as it is the absolute
protection of the people against the pos
sible monopoly of the few, and thus
venders an offensive and burdensome
monopoly an impossibility.
By means of co-operation the wants of
the people can be better supplied tlmn
by any o'her. The moral influences
are great, for all are interested in each
other's welfare. â€”Leland Stanford
