# R.W. Doane Appointed To Important Position
## 
### 
Professor Doane of the entomology
department has been appointed by the
Federal Food Commissioner of Cali
fornia as consulting entomologist.
Professor Doane has been asked to
inspect as many of the mills, ware
houses, and wholesale and retail
houses as possible. It has been found
that insects destroy or seriously in
jure large quantities of flour, dried
fruits, and other food products stored
in warehouses throughout California.
If the presence of these pests can be
detected before too much damage has
been done, proper control measures
can he taken before they spread
through the warehouses and to other
foods.
Professor Doane of the entomology
department has been appointed by the
Federal Food Commissioner of Cali
fornia as consulting entomologist.
Professor Doane has been asked to
inspect as many of the mills, ware
houses, and wholesale and retail
houses as possible. It has been found
that insects destroy or seriously in
jure large quantities of flour, dried
fruits, and other food products stored
in warehouses throughout California.
If the presence of these pests can be
detected before too much damage has
been done, proper control measures
can he taken before they spread
through the warehouses and to other
foods.
Professor Doane of the entomology
department has been appointed by the
Federal Food Commissioner of Cali
fornia as consulting entomologist.
Professor Doane has been asked to
inspect as many of the mills, ware
houses, and wholesale and retail
houses as possible. It has been found
that insects destroy or seriously in
jure large quantities of flour, dried
fruits, and other food products stored
in warehouses throughout California.
If the presence of these pests can be
detected before too much damage has
been done, proper control measures
can he taken before they spread
through the warehouses and to other
foods.
Professor Doane of the entomology
department has been appointed by the
Federal Food Commissioner of Cali
fornia as consulting entomologist.
Professor Doane has been asked to
inspect as many of the mills, ware
houses, and wholesale and retail
houses as possible. It has been found
that insects destroy or seriously in
jure large quantities of flour, dried
fruits, and other food products stored
in warehouses throughout California.
If the presence of these pests can be
detected before too much damage has
been done, proper control measures
can he taken before they spread
through the warehouses and to other
foods.
Professor Doane of the entomology
department has been appointed by the
Federal Food Commissioner of Cali
fornia as consulting entomologist.
Professor Doane has been asked to
inspect as many of the mills, ware
houses, and wholesale and retail
houses as possible. It has been found
that insects destroy or seriously in
jure large quantities of flour, dried
fruits, and other food products stored
in warehouses throughout California.
If the presence of these pests can be
detected before too much damage has
been done, proper control measures
can he taken before they spread
through the warehouses and to other
foods.
Professor Doane of the entomology
department has been appointed by the
Federal Food Commissioner of Cali
fornia as consulting entomologist.
Professor Doane has been asked to
inspect as many of the mills, ware
houses, and wholesale and retail
houses as possible. It has been found
that insects destroy or seriously in
jure large quantities of flour, dried
fruits, and other food products stored
in warehouses throughout California.
If the presence of these pests can be
detected before too much damage has
been done, proper control measures
can he taken before they spread
through the warehouses and to other
foods.
Professor Doane of the entomology
department has been appointed by the
Federal Food Commissioner of Cali
fornia as consulting entomologist.
Professor Doane has been asked to
inspect as many of the mills, ware
houses, and wholesale and retail
houses as possible. It has been found
that insects destroy or seriously in
jure large quantities of flour, dried
fruits, and other food products stored
in warehouses throughout California.
If the presence of these pests can be
detected before too much damage has
been done, proper control measures
can he taken before they spread
through the warehouses and to other
foods.
Professor Doane of the entomology
department has been appointed by the
Federal Food Commissioner of Cali
fornia as consulting entomologist.
Professor Doane has been asked to
inspect as many of the mills, ware
houses, and wholesale and retail
houses as possible. It has been found
that insects destroy or seriously in
jure large quantities of flour, dried
fruits, and other food products stored
in warehouses throughout California.
If the presence of these pests can be
detected before too much damage has
been done, proper control measures
can he taken before they spread
through the warehouses and to other
foods.
Professor Doane of the entomology
department has been appointed by the
Federal Food Commissioner of Cali
fornia as consulting entomologist.
Professor Doane has been asked to
inspect as many of the mills, ware
houses, and wholesale and retail
houses as possible. It has been found
that insects destroy or seriously in
jure large quantities of flour, dried
fruits, and other food products stored
in warehouses throughout California.
If the presence of these pests can be
detected before too much damage has
been done, proper control measures
can he taken before they spread
through the warehouses and to other
foods.
Professor Doane of the entomology
department has been appointed by the
Federal Food Commissioner of Cali
fornia as consulting entomologist.
Professor Doane has been asked to
inspect as many of the mills, ware
houses, and wholesale and retail
houses as possible. It has been found
that insects destroy or seriously in
jure large quantities of flour, dried
fruits, and other food products stored
in warehouses throughout California.
If the presence of these pests can be
detected before too much damage has
been done, proper control measures
can he taken before they spread
through the warehouses and to other
foods.
Professor Doane of the entomology
department has been appointed by the
Federal Food Commissioner of Cali
fornia as consulting entomologist.
Professor Doane has been asked to
inspect as many of the mills, ware
houses, and wholesale and retail
houses as possible. It has been found
that insects destroy or seriously in
jure large quantities of flour, dried
fruits, and other food products stored
in warehouses throughout California.
If the presence of these pests can be
detected before too much damage has
been done, proper control measures
can he taken before they spread
through the warehouses and to other
foods.
Professor Doane of the entomology
department has been appointed by the
Federal Food Commissioner of Cali
fornia as consulting entomologist.
Professor Doane has been asked to
inspect as many of the mills, ware
houses, and wholesale and retail
houses as possible. It has been found
that insects destroy or seriously in
jure large quantities of flour, dried
fruits, and other food products stored
in warehouses throughout California.
If the presence of these pests can be
detected before too much damage has
been done, proper control measures
can he taken before they spread
through the warehouses and to other
foods.
Professor Doane of the entomology
department has been appointed by the
Federal Food Commissioner of Cali
fornia as consulting entomologist.
Professor Doane has been asked to
inspect as many of the mills, ware
houses, and wholesale and retail
houses as possible. It has been found
that insects destroy or seriously in
jure large quantities of flour, dried
fruits, and other food products stored
in warehouses throughout California.
If the presence of these pests can be
detected before too much damage has
been done, proper control measures
can he taken before they spread
through the warehouses and to other
foods.
Professor Doane of the entomology
department has been appointed by the
Federal Food Commissioner of Cali
fornia as consulting entomologist.
Professor Doane has been asked to
inspect as many of the mills, ware
houses, and wholesale and retail
houses as possible. It has been found
that insects destroy or seriously in
jure large quantities of flour, dried
fruits, and other food products stored
in warehouses throughout California.
If the presence of these pests can be
detected before too much damage has
been done, proper control measures
can he taken before they spread
through the warehouses and to other
foods.
Professor Doane of the entomology
department has been appointed by the
Federal Food Commissioner of Cali
fornia as consulting entomologist.
Professor Doane has been asked to
inspect as many of the mills, ware
houses, and wholesale and retail
houses as possible. It has been found
that insects destroy or seriously in
jure large quantities of flour, dried
fruits, and other food products stored
in warehouses throughout California.
If the presence of these pests can be
detected before too much damage has
been done, proper control measures
can he taken before they spread
through the warehouses and to other
foods.
Professor Doane of the entomology
department has been appointed by the
Federal Food Commissioner of Cali
fornia as consulting entomologist.
Professor Doane has been asked to
inspect as many of the mills, ware
houses, and wholesale and retail
houses as possible. It has been found
that insects destroy or seriously in
jure large quantities of flour, dried
fruits, and other food products stored
in warehouses throughout California.
If the presence of these pests can be
detected before too much damage has
been done, proper control measures
can he taken before they spread
through the warehouses and to other
foods.
