# Stew Slips in Stunt at New Pi Phi Blaze
## 
### 
As a complete surprise, the annual
Pi Phi fire was thrown yesterday af
ternoon at 4:31, starting in a blaze
of glory and ending in a cloud of
smoke at 4:35.
Their chimney, usually for orna
mental purposes only, started the
argument by trying to imitate a young
volcano, and t\vo excited gii;ls did
the rest.
A couple of embryo heroes, one the
well known Pi Phi doormat, Mr. Stew
art Jenkins, and the other a lawn
decoration across the street, imme
diately went into action at double
quick time. After a wild dash up
three flights of stairs, the roof was
reached, and the two decorated their
cords with green paint in sliding to
the scene of action. Much to the dsi
appointment of all concerned, except
perhaps a few Pi Phis, the fire was a
dismal failure; it had died a natural
death.
As a complete surprise, the annual
Pi Phi fire was thrown yesterday af
ternoon at 4:31, starting in a blaze
of glory and ending in a cloud of
smoke at 4:35.
Their chimney, usually for orna
mental purposes only, started the
argument by trying to imitate a young
volcano, and t\vo excited gii;ls did
the rest.
A couple of embryo heroes, one the
well known Pi Phi doormat, Mr. Stew
art Jenkins, and the other a lawn
decoration across the street, imme
diately went into action at double
quick time. After a wild dash up
three flights of stairs, the roof was
reached, and the two decorated their
cords with green paint in sliding to
the scene of action. Much to the dsi
appointment of all concerned, except
perhaps a few Pi Phis, the fire was a
dismal failure; it had died a natural
death.
As a complete surprise, the annual
Pi Phi fire was thrown yesterday af
ternoon at 4:31, starting in a blaze
of glory and ending in a cloud of
smoke at 4:35.
Their chimney, usually for orna
mental purposes only, started the
argument by trying to imitate a young
volcano, and t\vo excited gii;ls did
the rest.
A couple of embryo heroes, one the
well known Pi Phi doormat, Mr. Stew
art Jenkins, and the other a lawn
decoration across the street, imme
diately went into action at double
quick time. After a wild dash up
three flights of stairs, the roof was
reached, and the two decorated their
cords with green paint in sliding to
the scene of action. Much to the dsi
appointment of all concerned, except
perhaps a few Pi Phis, the fire was a
dismal failure; it had died a natural
death.
As a complete surprise, the annual
Pi Phi fire was thrown yesterday af
ternoon at 4:31, starting in a blaze
of glory and ending in a cloud of
smoke at 4:35.
Their chimney, usually for orna
mental purposes only, started the
argument by trying to imitate a young
volcano, and t\vo excited gii;ls did
the rest.
A couple of embryo heroes, one the
well known Pi Phi doormat, Mr. Stew
art Jenkins, and the other a lawn
decoration across the street, imme
diately went into action at double
quick time. After a wild dash up
three flights of stairs, the roof was
reached, and the two decorated their
cords with green paint in sliding to
the scene of action. Much to the dsi
appointment of all concerned, except
perhaps a few Pi Phis, the fire was a
dismal failure; it had died a natural
death.
As a complete surprise, the annual
Pi Phi fire was thrown yesterday af
ternoon at 4:31, starting in a blaze
of glory and ending in a cloud of
smoke at 4:35.
Their chimney, usually for orna
mental purposes only, started the
argument by trying to imitate a young
volcano, and t\vo excited gii;ls did
the rest.
A couple of embryo heroes, one the
well known Pi Phi doormat, Mr. Stew
art Jenkins, and the other a lawn
decoration across the street, imme
diately went into action at double
quick time. After a wild dash up
three flights of stairs, the roof was
reached, and the two decorated their
cords with green paint in sliding to
the scene of action. Much to the dsi
appointment of all concerned, except
perhaps a few Pi Phis, the fire was a
dismal failure; it had died a natural
death.
As a complete surprise, the annual
Pi Phi fire was thrown yesterday af
ternoon at 4:31, starting in a blaze
of glory and ending in a cloud of
smoke at 4:35.
Their chimney, usually for orna
mental purposes only, started the
argument by trying to imitate a young
volcano, and t\vo excited gii;ls did
the rest.
A couple of embryo heroes, one the
well known Pi Phi doormat, Mr. Stew
art Jenkins, and the other a lawn
decoration across the street, imme
diately went into action at double
quick time. After a wild dash up
three flights of stairs, the roof was
reached, and the two decorated their
cords with green paint in sliding to
the scene of action. Much to the dsi
appointment of all concerned, except
perhaps a few Pi Phis, the fire was a
dismal failure; it had died a natural
death.
As a complete surprise, the annual
Pi Phi fire was thrown yesterday af
ternoon at 4:31, starting in a blaze
of glory and ending in a cloud of
smoke at 4:35.
Their chimney, usually for orna
mental purposes only, started the
argument by trying to imitate a young
volcano, and t\vo excited gii;ls did
the rest.
A couple of embryo heroes, one the
well known Pi Phi doormat, Mr. Stew
art Jenkins, and the other a lawn
decoration across the street, imme
diately went into action at double
quick time. After a wild dash up
three flights of stairs, the roof was
reached, and the two decorated their
cords with green paint in sliding to
the scene of action. Much to the dsi
appointment of all concerned, except
perhaps a few Pi Phis, the fire was a
dismal failure; it had died a natural
death.
As a complete surprise, the annual
Pi Phi fire was thrown yesterday af
ternoon at 4:31, starting in a blaze
of glory and ending in a cloud of
smoke at 4:35.
Their chimney, usually for orna
mental purposes only, started the
argument by trying to imitate a young
volcano, and t\vo excited gii;ls did
the rest.
A couple of embryo heroes, one the
well known Pi Phi doormat, Mr. Stew
art Jenkins, and the other a lawn
decoration across the street, imme
diately went into action at double
quick time. After a wild dash up
three flights of stairs, the roof was
reached, and the two decorated their
cords with green paint in sliding to
the scene of action. Much to the dsi
appointment of all concerned, except
perhaps a few Pi Phis, the fire was a
dismal failure; it had died a natural
death.
As a complete surprise, the annual
Pi Phi fire was thrown yesterday af
ternoon at 4:31, starting in a blaze
of glory and ending in a cloud of
smoke at 4:35.
Their chimney, usually for orna
mental purposes only, started the
argument by trying to imitate a young
volcano, and t\vo excited gii;ls did
the rest.
A couple of embryo heroes, one the
well known Pi Phi doormat, Mr. Stew
art Jenkins, and the other a lawn
decoration across the street, imme
diately went into action at double
quick time. After a wild dash up
three flights of stairs, the roof was
reached, and the two decorated their
cords with green paint in sliding to
the scene of action. Much to the dsi
appointment of all concerned, except
perhaps a few Pi Phis, the fire was a
dismal failure; it had died a natural
death.
As a complete surprise, the annual
Pi Phi fire was thrown yesterday af
ternoon at 4:31, starting in a blaze
of glory and ending in a cloud of
smoke at 4:35.
Their chimney, usually for orna
mental purposes only, started the
argument by trying to imitate a young
volcano, and t\vo excited gii;ls did
the rest.
A couple of embryo heroes, one the
well known Pi Phi doormat, Mr. Stew
art Jenkins, and the other a lawn
decoration across the street, imme
diately went into action at double
quick time. After a wild dash up
three flights of stairs, the roof was
reached, and the two decorated their
cords with green paint in sliding to
the scene of action. Much to the dsi
appointment of all concerned, except
perhaps a few Pi Phis, the fire was a
dismal failure; it had died a natural
death.
As a complete surprise, the annual
Pi Phi fire was thrown yesterday af
ternoon at 4:31, starting in a blaze
of glory and ending in a cloud of
smoke at 4:35.
Their chimney, usually for orna
mental purposes only, started the
argument by trying to imitate a young
volcano, and t\vo excited gii;ls did
the rest.
A couple of embryo heroes, one the
well known Pi Phi doormat, Mr. Stew
art Jenkins, and the other a lawn
decoration across the street, imme
diately went into action at double
quick time. After a wild dash up
three flights of stairs, the roof was
reached, and the two decorated their
cords with green paint in sliding to
the scene of action. Much to the dsi
appointment of all concerned, except
perhaps a few Pi Phis, the fire was a
dismal failure; it had died a natural
death.
As a complete surprise, the annual
Pi Phi fire was thrown yesterday af
ternoon at 4:31, starting in a blaze
of glory and ending in a cloud of
smoke at 4:35.
Their chimney, usually for orna
mental purposes only, started the
argument by trying to imitate a young
volcano, and t\vo excited gii;ls did
the rest.
A couple of embryo heroes, one the
well known Pi Phi doormat, Mr. Stew
art Jenkins, and the other a lawn
decoration across the street, imme
diately went into action at double
quick time. After a wild dash up
three flights of stairs, the roof was
reached, and the two decorated their
cords with green paint in sliding to
the scene of action. Much to the dsi
appointment of all concerned, except
perhaps a few Pi Phis, the fire was a
dismal failure; it had died a natural
death.
As a complete surprise, the annual
Pi Phi fire was thrown yesterday af
ternoon at 4:31, starting in a blaze
of glory and ending in a cloud of
smoke at 4:35.
Their chimney, usually for orna
mental purposes only, started the
argument by trying to imitate a young
volcano, and t\vo excited gii;ls did
the rest.
A couple of embryo heroes, one the
well known Pi Phi doormat, Mr. Stew
art Jenkins, and the other a lawn
decoration across the street, imme
diately went into action at double
quick time. After a wild dash up
three flights of stairs, the roof was
reached, and the two decorated their
cords with green paint in sliding to
the scene of action. Much to the dsi
appointment of all concerned, except
perhaps a few Pi Phis, the fire was a
dismal failure; it had died a natural
death.
As a complete surprise, the annual
Pi Phi fire was thrown yesterday af
ternoon at 4:31, starting in a blaze
of glory and ending in a cloud of
smoke at 4:35.
Their chimney, usually for orna
mental purposes only, started the
argument by trying to imitate a young
volcano, and t\vo excited gii;ls did
the rest.
A couple of embryo heroes, one the
well known Pi Phi doormat, Mr. Stew
art Jenkins, and the other a lawn
decoration across the street, imme
diately went into action at double
quick time. After a wild dash up
three flights of stairs, the roof was
reached, and the two decorated their
cords with green paint in sliding to
the scene of action. Much to the dsi
appointment of all concerned, except
perhaps a few Pi Phis, the fire was a
dismal failure; it had died a natural
death.
As a complete surprise, the annual
Pi Phi fire was thrown yesterday af
ternoon at 4:31, starting in a blaze
of glory and ending in a cloud of
smoke at 4:35.
Their chimney, usually for orna
mental purposes only, started the
argument by trying to imitate a young
volcano, and t\vo excited gii;ls did
the rest.
A couple of embryo heroes, one the
well known Pi Phi doormat, Mr. Stew
art Jenkins, and the other a lawn
decoration across the street, imme
diately went into action at double
quick time. After a wild dash up
three flights of stairs, the roof was
reached, and the two decorated their
cords with green paint in sliding to
the scene of action. Much to the dsi
appointment of all concerned, except
perhaps a few Pi Phis, the fire was a
dismal failure; it had died a natural
death.
As a complete surprise, the annual
Pi Phi fire was thrown yesterday af
ternoon at 4:31, starting in a blaze
of glory and ending in a cloud of
smoke at 4:35.
Their chimney, usually for orna
mental purposes only, started the
argument by trying to imitate a young
volcano, and t\vo excited gii;ls did
the rest.
A couple of embryo heroes, one the
well known Pi Phi doormat, Mr. Stew
art Jenkins, and the other a lawn
decoration across the street, imme
diately went into action at double
quick time. After a wild dash up
three flights of stairs, the roof was
reached, and the two decorated their
cords with green paint in sliding to
the scene of action. Much to the dsi
appointment of all concerned, except
perhaps a few Pi Phis, the fire was a
dismal failure; it had died a natural
death.
