# Untitled Article
## 
### 
"To Rescue for Human Society the
Native Values of Rural Life" is the
inscription engraved on the western
facade of Hilgard Hall, and will typi
fy the theme of the dedication exer
cises. Among the speakers were
President W. M. Newhall of the Stan
ford trustees.
"To Rescue for Human Society the
Native Values of Rural Life" is the
inscription engraved on the western
facade of Hilgard Hall, and will typi
fy the theme of the dedication exer
cises. Among the speakers were
President W. M. Newhall of the Stan
ford trustees.
"To Rescue for Human Society the
Native Values of Rural Life" is the
inscription engraved on the western
facade of Hilgard Hall, and will typi
fy the theme of the dedication exer
cises. Among the speakers were
President W. M. Newhall of the Stan
ford trustees.
"To Rescue for Human Society the
Native Values of Rural Life" is the
inscription engraved on the western
facade of Hilgard Hall, and will typi
fy the theme of the dedication exer
cises. Among the speakers were
President W. M. Newhall of the Stan
ford trustees.
"To Rescue for Human Society the
Native Values of Rural Life" is the
inscription engraved on the western
facade of Hilgard Hall, and will typi
fy the theme of the dedication exer
cises. Among the speakers were
President W. M. Newhall of the Stan
ford trustees.
"To Rescue for Human Society the
Native Values of Rural Life" is the
inscription engraved on the western
facade of Hilgard Hall, and will typi
fy the theme of the dedication exer
cises. Among the speakers were
President W. M. Newhall of the Stan
ford trustees.
"To Rescue for Human Society the
Native Values of Rural Life" is the
inscription engraved on the western
facade of Hilgard Hall, and will typi
fy the theme of the dedication exer
cises. Among the speakers were
President W. M. Newhall of the Stan
ford trustees.
"To Rescue for Human Society the
Native Values of Rural Life" is the
inscription engraved on the western
facade of Hilgard Hall, and will typi
fy the theme of the dedication exer
cises. Among the speakers were
President W. M. Newhall of the Stan
ford trustees.
"To Rescue for Human Society the
Native Values of Rural Life" is the
inscription engraved on the western
facade of Hilgard Hall, and will typi
fy the theme of the dedication exer
cises. Among the speakers were
President W. M. Newhall of the Stan
ford trustees.
"To Rescue for Human Society the
Native Values of Rural Life" is the
inscription engraved on the western
facade of Hilgard Hall, and will typi
fy the theme of the dedication exer
cises. Among the speakers were
President W. M. Newhall of the Stan
ford trustees.
"To Rescue for Human Society the
Native Values of Rural Life" is the
inscription engraved on the western
facade of Hilgard Hall, and will typi
fy the theme of the dedication exer
cises. Among the speakers were
President W. M. Newhall of the Stan
ford trustees.
"To Rescue for Human Society the
Native Values of Rural Life" is the
inscription engraved on the western
facade of Hilgard Hall, and will typi
fy the theme of the dedication exer
cises. Among the speakers were
President W. M. Newhall of the Stan
ford trustees.
"To Rescue for Human Society the
Native Values of Rural Life" is the
inscription engraved on the western
facade of Hilgard Hall, and will typi
fy the theme of the dedication exer
cises. Among the speakers were
President W. M. Newhall of the Stan
ford trustees.
"To Rescue for Human Society the
Native Values of Rural Life" is the
inscription engraved on the western
facade of Hilgard Hall, and will typi
fy the theme of the dedication exer
cises. Among the speakers were
President W. M. Newhall of the Stan
ford trustees.
"To Rescue for Human Society the
Native Values of Rural Life" is the
inscription engraved on the western
facade of Hilgard Hall, and will typi
fy the theme of the dedication exer
cises. Among the speakers were
President W. M. Newhall of the Stan
ford trustees.
