# Cap and Gown Reception for New Women Thursday
## 
### 
Invitations were issued today by the
Cap and Gown Society to a reception
at the Club House, Thursday after
noon, from 4 to 6, for the freshman
girls. There are 161 new girls, so a
large attendance is expected.
Invitations were issued today by the
Cap and Gown Society to a reception
at the Club House, Thursday after
noon, from 4 to 6, for the freshman
girls. There are 161 new girls, so a
large attendance is expected.
Invitations were issued today by the
Cap and Gown Society to a reception
at the Club House, Thursday after
noon, from 4 to 6, for the freshman
girls. There are 161 new girls, so a
large attendance is expected.
Invitations were issued today by the
Cap and Gown Society to a reception
at the Club House, Thursday after
noon, from 4 to 6, for the freshman
girls. There are 161 new girls, so a
large attendance is expected.
Invitations were issued today by the
Cap and Gown Society to a reception
at the Club House, Thursday after
noon, from 4 to 6, for the freshman
girls. There are 161 new girls, so a
large attendance is expected.
Invitations were issued today by the
Cap and Gown Society to a reception
at the Club House, Thursday after
noon, from 4 to 6, for the freshman
girls. There are 161 new girls, so a
large attendance is expected.
Invitations were issued today by the
Cap and Gown Society to a reception
at the Club House, Thursday after
noon, from 4 to 6, for the freshman
girls. There are 161 new girls, so a
large attendance is expected.
Invitations were issued today by the
Cap and Gown Society to a reception
at the Club House, Thursday after
noon, from 4 to 6, for the freshman
girls. There are 161 new girls, so a
large attendance is expected.
Invitations were issued today by the
Cap and Gown Society to a reception
at the Club House, Thursday after
noon, from 4 to 6, for the freshman
girls. There are 161 new girls, so a
large attendance is expected.
Invitations were issued today by the
Cap and Gown Society to a reception
at the Club House, Thursday after
noon, from 4 to 6, for the freshman
girls. There are 161 new girls, so a
large attendance is expected.
Invitations were issued today by the
Cap and Gown Society to a reception
at the Club House, Thursday after
noon, from 4 to 6, for the freshman
girls. There are 161 new girls, so a
large attendance is expected.
Invitations were issued today by the
Cap and Gown Society to a reception
at the Club House, Thursday after
noon, from 4 to 6, for the freshman
girls. There are 161 new girls, so a
large attendance is expected.
Invitations were issued today by the
Cap and Gown Society to a reception
at the Club House, Thursday after
noon, from 4 to 6, for the freshman
girls. There are 161 new girls, so a
large attendance is expected.
Invitations were issued today by the
Cap and Gown Society to a reception
at the Club House, Thursday after
noon, from 4 to 6, for the freshman
girls. There are 161 new girls, so a
large attendance is expected.
Invitations were issued today by the
Cap and Gown Society to a reception
at the Club House, Thursday after
noon, from 4 to 6, for the freshman
girls. There are 161 new girls, so a
large attendance is expected.
