# CINDERELLA MAN' WON DESPITE PROTEST
## HELD TO CONTRACT Sword and Sandals Insists on Amateur Rights Secured From Agent 
### 
Following the strict insistence of
Sword and Sandals Society upon the
performance of what it deemed a
legally completed contract for the se
curing of Amateur rights for the pro
duction of "The Cinderella Man," it
was learned today that the manu
scripts are on the way and that the
play will be given as previously an
nounced.
This is, however, against the wishes
of the owner of the play, Who has de
cided to hold it for professional pro
duction only, and the local presenta
tion will be the only amateur produc
tion of "The Cinderella Man" until
that attitude is changed at some fu
ture time.
Upon learning last week that the
dramatist's agent, Miss Alice Kauser,
through whom the right was secured,
wished to rescind the agreement,
Sword and Sandals immediately wired
its attitude, stating that in reliance
upon the agreement, the services of
j Frank L. Mathieu as director had
been secured and publicity given the
production. This prompt action is the
sole reason why this one amateur pro
duction has been allowed, giving the
Stanford campus the distinction of
producing the only performance of
this play off the professional stage.
The correspondence leading to this
result shows the narrow margin by
which the right was secured. The
telegram received by the society last
weeks says: "Referring to your let
ter and telegram of October 9th, since
writing and wiring you, the owner of
'The Cinderella Man,' Edward Childs
