# COMEDY PLANNED FOR FRENCH CLUB
## 
### 
Professor Oberle is arranging an
exceedingly attractive program for
the first meeting of the French Club,
which will be held a week from Wed
nesday evening at the home of Pro
fessor Johnston, No. 4, Alvarado. Dur
ing the course of the evening various
members of the club will assist in the
entertainment, which will consist of
speaking, popular French songs, and
address by one of the members of the
club. As another feature of the pro
gram a light French comedy will be
staged by a group of the members
who are now rehearsing the play. All
students interested in French produc
tions and especially those wishing to
become proficient in conversational
French are invited to attend the meet
ing. Regular meetings will be held
from time to time and a good program
will always be assured.
Professor Oberle is arranging an
exceedingly attractive program for
the first meeting of the French Club,
which will be held a week from Wed
nesday evening at the home of Pro
fessor Johnston, No. 4, Alvarado. Dur
ing the course of the evening various
members of the club will assist in the
entertainment, which will consist of
speaking, popular French songs, and
address by one of the members of the
club. As another feature of the pro
gram a light French comedy will be
staged by a group of the members
who are now rehearsing the play. All
students interested in French produc
tions and especially those wishing to
become proficient in conversational
French are invited to attend the meet
ing. Regular meetings will be held
from time to time and a good program
will always be assured.
Professor Oberle is arranging an
exceedingly attractive program for
the first meeting of the French Club,
which will be held a week from Wed
nesday evening at the home of Pro
fessor Johnston, No. 4, Alvarado. Dur
ing the course of the evening various
members of the club will assist in the
entertainment, which will consist of
speaking, popular French songs, and
address by one of the members of the
club. As another feature of the pro
gram a light French comedy will be
staged by a group of the members
who are now rehearsing the play. All
students interested in French produc
tions and especially those wishing to
become proficient in conversational
French are invited to attend the meet
ing. Regular meetings will be held
from time to time and a good program
will always be assured.
Professor Oberle is arranging an
exceedingly attractive program for
the first meeting of the French Club,
which will be held a week from Wed
nesday evening at the home of Pro
fessor Johnston, No. 4, Alvarado. Dur
ing the course of the evening various
members of the club will assist in the
entertainment, which will consist of
speaking, popular French songs, and
address by one of the members of the
club. As another feature of the pro
gram a light French comedy will be
staged by a group of the members
who are now rehearsing the play. All
students interested in French produc
tions and especially those wishing to
become proficient in conversational
French are invited to attend the meet
ing. Regular meetings will be held
from time to time and a good program
will always be assured.
Professor Oberle is arranging an
exceedingly attractive program for
the first meeting of the French Club,
which will be held a week from Wed
nesday evening at the home of Pro
fessor Johnston, No. 4, Alvarado. Dur
ing the course of the evening various
members of the club will assist in the
entertainment, which will consist of
speaking, popular French songs, and
address by one of the members of the
club. As another feature of the pro
gram a light French comedy will be
staged by a group of the members
who are now rehearsing the play. All
students interested in French produc
tions and especially those wishing to
become proficient in conversational
French are invited to attend the meet
ing. Regular meetings will be held
from time to time and a good program
will always be assured.
Professor Oberle is arranging an
exceedingly attractive program for
the first meeting of the French Club,
which will be held a week from Wed
nesday evening at the home of Pro
fessor Johnston, No. 4, Alvarado. Dur
ing the course of the evening various
members of the club will assist in the
entertainment, which will consist of
speaking, popular French songs, and
address by one of the members of the
club. As another feature of the pro
gram a light French comedy will be
staged by a group of the members
who are now rehearsing the play. All
students interested in French produc
tions and especially those wishing to
become proficient in conversational
French are invited to attend the meet
ing. Regular meetings will be held
from time to time and a good program
will always be assured.
Professor Oberle is arranging an
exceedingly attractive program for
the first meeting of the French Club,
which will be held a week from Wed
nesday evening at the home of Pro
fessor Johnston, No. 4, Alvarado. Dur
ing the course of the evening various
members of the club will assist in the
entertainment, which will consist of
speaking, popular French songs, and
address by one of the members of the
club. As another feature of the pro
gram a light French comedy will be
staged by a group of the members
who are now rehearsing the play. All
students interested in French produc
tions and especially those wishing to
become proficient in conversational
French are invited to attend the meet
ing. Regular meetings will be held
from time to time and a good program
will always be assured.
Professor Oberle is arranging an
exceedingly attractive program for
the first meeting of the French Club,
which will be held a week from Wed
nesday evening at the home of Pro
fessor Johnston, No. 4, Alvarado. Dur
ing the course of the evening various
members of the club will assist in the
entertainment, which will consist of
speaking, popular French songs, and
address by one of the members of the
club. As another feature of the pro
gram a light French comedy will be
staged by a group of the members
who are now rehearsing the play. All
students interested in French produc
tions and especially those wishing to
become proficient in conversational
French are invited to attend the meet
ing. Regular meetings will be held
from time to time and a good program
will always be assured.
Professor Oberle is arranging an
exceedingly attractive program for
the first meeting of the French Club,
which will be held a week from Wed
nesday evening at the home of Pro
fessor Johnston, No. 4, Alvarado. Dur
ing the course of the evening various
members of the club will assist in the
entertainment, which will consist of
speaking, popular French songs, and
address by one of the members of the
club. As another feature of the pro
gram a light French comedy will be
staged by a group of the members
who are now rehearsing the play. All
students interested in French produc
tions and especially those wishing to
become proficient in conversational
French are invited to attend the meet
ing. Regular meetings will be held
from time to time and a good program
will always be assured.
Professor Oberle is arranging an
exceedingly attractive program for
the first meeting of the French Club,
which will be held a week from Wed
nesday evening at the home of Pro
fessor Johnston, No. 4, Alvarado. Dur
ing the course of the evening various
members of the club will assist in the
entertainment, which will consist of
speaking, popular French songs, and
address by one of the members of the
club. As another feature of the pro
gram a light French comedy will be
staged by a group of the members
who are now rehearsing the play. All
students interested in French produc
tions and especially those wishing to
become proficient in conversational
French are invited to attend the meet
ing. Regular meetings will be held
from time to time and a good program
will always be assured.
Professor Oberle is arranging an
exceedingly attractive program for
the first meeting of the French Club,
which will be held a week from Wed
nesday evening at the home of Pro
fessor Johnston, No. 4, Alvarado. Dur
ing the course of the evening various
members of the club will assist in the
entertainment, which will consist of
speaking, popular French songs, and
address by one of the members of the
club. As another feature of the pro
gram a light French comedy will be
staged by a group of the members
who are now rehearsing the play. All
students interested in French produc
tions and especially those wishing to
become proficient in conversational
French are invited to attend the meet
ing. Regular meetings will be held
from time to time and a good program
will always be assured.
Professor Oberle is arranging an
exceedingly attractive program for
the first meeting of the French Club,
which will be held a week from Wed
nesday evening at the home of Pro
fessor Johnston, No. 4, Alvarado. Dur
ing the course of the evening various
members of the club will assist in the
entertainment, which will consist of
speaking, popular French songs, and
address by one of the members of the
club. As another feature of the pro
gram a light French comedy will be
staged by a group of the members
who are now rehearsing the play. All
students interested in French produc
tions and especially those wishing to
become proficient in conversational
French are invited to attend the meet
ing. Regular meetings will be held
from time to time and a good program
will always be assured.
Professor Oberle is arranging an
exceedingly attractive program for
the first meeting of the French Club,
which will be held a week from Wed
nesday evening at the home of Pro
fessor Johnston, No. 4, Alvarado. Dur
ing the course of the evening various
members of the club will assist in the
entertainment, which will consist of
speaking, popular French songs, and
address by one of the members of the
club. As another feature of the pro
gram a light French comedy will be
staged by a group of the members
who are now rehearsing the play. All
students interested in French produc
tions and especially those wishing to
become proficient in conversational
French are invited to attend the meet
ing. Regular meetings will be held
from time to time and a good program
will always be assured.
Professor Oberle is arranging an
exceedingly attractive program for
the first meeting of the French Club,
which will be held a week from Wed
nesday evening at the home of Pro
fessor Johnston, No. 4, Alvarado. Dur
ing the course of the evening various
members of the club will assist in the
entertainment, which will consist of
speaking, popular French songs, and
address by one of the members of the
club. As another feature of the pro
gram a light French comedy will be
staged by a group of the members
who are now rehearsing the play. All
students interested in French produc
tions and especially those wishing to
become proficient in conversational
French are invited to attend the meet
ing. Regular meetings will be held
from time to time and a good program
will always be assured.
Professor Oberle is arranging an
exceedingly attractive program for
the first meeting of the French Club,
which will be held a week from Wed
nesday evening at the home of Pro
fessor Johnston, No. 4, Alvarado. Dur
ing the course of the evening various
members of the club will assist in the
entertainment, which will consist of
speaking, popular French songs, and
address by one of the members of the
club. As another feature of the pro
gram a light French comedy will be
staged by a group of the members
who are now rehearsing the play. All
students interested in French produc
tions and especially those wishing to
become proficient in conversational
French are invited to attend the meet
ing. Regular meetings will be held
from time to time and a good program
will always be assured.
