# DR. LANZ WILL GIVE POPULAR RUSSIAN CLASS
## 
### 
Classes in Russian are being held
by Dr. Henry Lanz, Tuesday and
Thursday afternoons, in room 84, at 4
o'clock. At present they are attended
by fourteen people, half of which are
faculty members; the classes are open
to all, and their popularity points to
the fact that Dr. Lanz's intimate
knowledge of Russia and interesting
personality are already drawing the
attention of those interested in for
eign affairs.
The present course is to be prelim
inary to beginning Russian literature
after Christmas. It is Dr. Lanz's in
tention to prepare his students in the
first quarter to continue their study
of the language after Christmas alone
if they desire, in every lecture he
will include a view of the history of
Russian literature. This afternoon's
lecture was upon "The History of the
Slavic Nations and Their Language.''
Dr. Lanz studied in Moscow, grad
uated from Heidelburg, and was forced
to flee Germany at the outbreak of the
war. He is an unusually interesting
talker, and makes his class doubly
attractive by illustrations and per
sonal recollections.
