# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—C. S. Burnell, '95, whs the only
successful man out of forty-three
candidates in the examinations for
positions as law clerks in Washing
ton, I). C.
—C. S. Burnell, '95, whs the only
successful man out of forty-three
candidates in the examinations for
positions as law clerks in Washing
ton, I). C.
—C. S. Burnell, '95, whs the only
successful man out of forty-three
candidates in the examinations for
positions as law clerks in Washing
ton, I). C.
—C. S. Burnell, '95, whs the only
successful man out of forty-three
candidates in the examinations for
positions as law clerks in Washing
ton, I). C.
—C. S. Burnell, '95, whs the only
successful man out of forty-three
candidates in the examinations for
positions as law clerks in Washing
ton, I). C.
—C. S. Burnell, '95, whs the only
successful man out of forty-three
candidates in the examinations for
positions as law clerks in Washing
ton, I). C.
—C. S. Burnell, '95, whs the only
successful man out of forty-three
candidates in the examinations for
positions as law clerks in Washing
ton, I). C.
