# Adv. 8 Page 2
## 
### 
TRAVELING 1
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
"Student Ship" reserva- j
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on the'Adventurei
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu- !
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Ramom Street
In t.ie Clothes Closet Patio
DA 3-97SS
TRAVELING 1
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
"Student Ship" reserva- j
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on the'Adventurei
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu- !
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Ramom Street
In t.ie Clothes Closet Patio
DA 3-97SS
TRAVELING 1
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
"Student Ship" reserva- j
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on the'Adventurei
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu- !
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Ramom Street
In t.ie Clothes Closet Patio
DA 3-97SS
TRAVELING 1
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
"Student Ship" reserva- j
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on the'Adventurei
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu- !
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Ramom Street
In t.ie Clothes Closet Patio
DA 3-97SS
TRAVELING 1
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
"Student Ship" reserva- j
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on the'Adventurei
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu- !
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Ramom Street
In t.ie Clothes Closet Patio
DA 3-97SS
TRAVELING 1
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
"Student Ship" reserva- j
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on the'Adventurei
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu- !
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Ramom Street
In t.ie Clothes Closet Patio
DA 3-97SS
TRAVELING 1
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
"Student Ship" reserva- j
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on the'Adventurei
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu- !
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Ramom Street
In t.ie Clothes Closet Patio
DA 3-97SS
TRAVELING 1
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
"Student Ship" reserva- j
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on the'Adventurei
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu- !
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Ramom Street
In t.ie Clothes Closet Patio
DA 3-97SS
TRAVELING 1
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
"Student Ship" reserva- j
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on the'Adventurei
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu- !
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Ramom Street
In t.ie Clothes Closet Patio
DA 3-97SS
TRAVELING 1
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
"Student Ship" reserva- j
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on the'Adventurei
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu- !
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Ramom Street
In t.ie Clothes Closet Patio
DA 3-97SS
TRAVELING 1
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
"Student Ship" reserva- j
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on the'Adventurei
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu- !
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Ramom Street
In t.ie Clothes Closet Patio
DA 3-97SS
TRAVELING 1
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
"Student Ship" reserva- j
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on the'Adventurei
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu- !
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Ramom Street
In t.ie Clothes Closet Patio
DA 3-97SS
TRAVELING 1
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
"Student Ship" reserva- j
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on the'Adventurei
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu- !
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Ramom Street
In t.ie Clothes Closet Patio
DA 3-97SS
TRAVELING 1
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
"Student Ship" reserva- j
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on the'Adventurei
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu- !
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Ramom Street
In t.ie Clothes Closet Patio
DA 3-97SS
