# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr DeSofo
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Jk.
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy C'.'er.tale
780 High at Homer
DAvcnporf 2-21 5J
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr DeSofo
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Jk.
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy C'.'er.tale
780 High at Homer
DAvcnporf 2-21 5J
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr DeSofo
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Jk.
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy C'.'er.tale
780 High at Homer
DAvcnporf 2-21 5J
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr DeSofo
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Jk.
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy C'.'er.tale
780 High at Homer
DAvcnporf 2-21 5J
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr DeSofo
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Jk.
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy C'.'er.tale
780 High at Homer
DAvcnporf 2-21 5J
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr DeSofo
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Jk.
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy C'.'er.tale
780 High at Homer
DAvcnporf 2-21 5J
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr DeSofo
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Jk.
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy C'.'er.tale
780 High at Homer
DAvcnporf 2-21 5J
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr DeSofo
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Jk.
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy C'.'er.tale
780 High at Homer
DAvcnporf 2-21 5J
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr DeSofo
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Jk.
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy C'.'er.tale
780 High at Homer
DAvcnporf 2-21 5J
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr DeSofo
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Jk.
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy C'.'er.tale
780 High at Homer
DAvcnporf 2-21 5J
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr DeSofo
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Jk.
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy C'.'er.tale
780 High at Homer
DAvcnporf 2-21 5J
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr DeSofo
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Jk.
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy C'.'er.tale
780 High at Homer
DAvcnporf 2-21 5J
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr DeSofo
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Jk.
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy C'.'er.tale
780 High at Homer
DAvcnporf 2-21 5J
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr DeSofo
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Jk.
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy C'.'er.tale
780 High at Homer
DAvcnporf 2-21 5J
