# Stanford Receives Japanese Writings On Anthropology
## 
### 
Stanford University has obtained
data on Eastern Asia, previously un
available to Western scholars, by
means of ils recent acquisition of
the professional library of Profes
sor Takeo Kanaseki, noted Japanese
anthropologist.
The collection contains contribu
tions of Japanese cholars to the
fields of pre-history, cultural an
thropology, and folklore. Also in
cluded are archeological surveys,
plates from government museums,
monographs covering a variety of
subject, and Japanese professional
journals.
Dr. Felix Keesing, head of the
University department of sociology
and anthropology, said that he ex
pects scholarly research on the col
lection to begin this summer under
the direction of Dr. Bert Gerow, as
sistant professor of anthropology.
The collection is now en route to
Stanford from Formosa.
The new acquisition was negoti
ated by the University's Far East
cm Library committee. This library
already contains some 800 separate
items, including many complete se
ries of journals.
Stanford University has obtained
data on Eastern Asia, previously un
available to Western scholars, by
means of ils recent acquisition of
the professional library of Profes
sor Takeo Kanaseki, noted Japanese
anthropologist.
The collection contains contribu
tions of Japanese cholars to the
fields of pre-history, cultural an
thropology, and folklore. Also in
cluded are archeological surveys,
plates from government museums,
monographs covering a variety of
subject, and Japanese professional
journals.
Dr. Felix Keesing, head of the
University department of sociology
and anthropology, said that he ex
pects scholarly research on the col
lection to begin this summer under
the direction of Dr. Bert Gerow, as
sistant professor of anthropology.
The collection is now en route to
Stanford from Formosa.
The new acquisition was negoti
ated by the University's Far East
cm Library committee. This library
already contains some 800 separate
items, including many complete se
ries of journals.
Stanford University has obtained
data on Eastern Asia, previously un
available to Western scholars, by
means of ils recent acquisition of
the professional library of Profes
sor Takeo Kanaseki, noted Japanese
anthropologist.
The collection contains contribu
tions of Japanese cholars to the
fields of pre-history, cultural an
thropology, and folklore. Also in
cluded are archeological surveys,
plates from government museums,
monographs covering a variety of
subject, and Japanese professional
journals.
Dr. Felix Keesing, head of the
University department of sociology
and anthropology, said that he ex
pects scholarly research on the col
lection to begin this summer under
the direction of Dr. Bert Gerow, as
sistant professor of anthropology.
The collection is now en route to
Stanford from Formosa.
The new acquisition was negoti
ated by the University's Far East
cm Library committee. This library
already contains some 800 separate
items, including many complete se
ries of journals.
Stanford University has obtained
data on Eastern Asia, previously un
available to Western scholars, by
means of ils recent acquisition of
the professional library of Profes
sor Takeo Kanaseki, noted Japanese
anthropologist.
The collection contains contribu
tions of Japanese cholars to the
fields of pre-history, cultural an
thropology, and folklore. Also in
cluded are archeological surveys,
plates from government museums,
monographs covering a variety of
subject, and Japanese professional
journals.
Dr. Felix Keesing, head of the
University department of sociology
and anthropology, said that he ex
pects scholarly research on the col
lection to begin this summer under
the direction of Dr. Bert Gerow, as
sistant professor of anthropology.
The collection is now en route to
Stanford from Formosa.
The new acquisition was negoti
ated by the University's Far East
cm Library committee. This library
already contains some 800 separate
items, including many complete se
ries of journals.
Stanford University has obtained
data on Eastern Asia, previously un
available to Western scholars, by
means of ils recent acquisition of
the professional library of Profes
sor Takeo Kanaseki, noted Japanese
anthropologist.
The collection contains contribu
tions of Japanese cholars to the
fields of pre-history, cultural an
thropology, and folklore. Also in
cluded are archeological surveys,
plates from government museums,
monographs covering a variety of
subject, and Japanese professional
journals.
Dr. Felix Keesing, head of the
University department of sociology
and anthropology, said that he ex
pects scholarly research on the col
lection to begin this summer under
the direction of Dr. Bert Gerow, as
sistant professor of anthropology.
The collection is now en route to
Stanford from Formosa.
The new acquisition was negoti
ated by the University's Far East
cm Library committee. This library
already contains some 800 separate
items, including many complete se
ries of journals.
Stanford University has obtained
data on Eastern Asia, previously un
available to Western scholars, by
means of ils recent acquisition of
the professional library of Profes
sor Takeo Kanaseki, noted Japanese
anthropologist.
The collection contains contribu
tions of Japanese cholars to the
fields of pre-history, cultural an
thropology, and folklore. Also in
cluded are archeological surveys,
plates from government museums,
monographs covering a variety of
subject, and Japanese professional
journals.
Dr. Felix Keesing, head of the
University department of sociology
and anthropology, said that he ex
pects scholarly research on the col
lection to begin this summer under
the direction of Dr. Bert Gerow, as
sistant professor of anthropology.
The collection is now en route to
Stanford from Formosa.
The new acquisition was negoti
ated by the University's Far East
cm Library committee. This library
already contains some 800 separate
items, including many complete se
ries of journals.
Stanford University has obtained
data on Eastern Asia, previously un
available to Western scholars, by
means of ils recent acquisition of
the professional library of Profes
sor Takeo Kanaseki, noted Japanese
anthropologist.
The collection contains contribu
tions of Japanese cholars to the
fields of pre-history, cultural an
thropology, and folklore. Also in
cluded are archeological surveys,
plates from government museums,
monographs covering a variety of
subject, and Japanese professional
journals.
Dr. Felix Keesing, head of the
University department of sociology
and anthropology, said that he ex
pects scholarly research on the col
lection to begin this summer under
the direction of Dr. Bert Gerow, as
sistant professor of anthropology.
The collection is now en route to
Stanford from Formosa.
The new acquisition was negoti
ated by the University's Far East
cm Library committee. This library
already contains some 800 separate
items, including many complete se
ries of journals.
Stanford University has obtained
data on Eastern Asia, previously un
available to Western scholars, by
means of ils recent acquisition of
the professional library of Profes
sor Takeo Kanaseki, noted Japanese
anthropologist.
The collection contains contribu
tions of Japanese cholars to the
fields of pre-history, cultural an
thropology, and folklore. Also in
cluded are archeological surveys,
plates from government museums,
monographs covering a variety of
subject, and Japanese professional
journals.
Dr. Felix Keesing, head of the
University department of sociology
and anthropology, said that he ex
pects scholarly research on the col
lection to begin this summer under
the direction of Dr. Bert Gerow, as
sistant professor of anthropology.
The collection is now en route to
Stanford from Formosa.
The new acquisition was negoti
ated by the University's Far East
cm Library committee. This library
already contains some 800 separate
items, including many complete se
ries of journals.
Stanford University has obtained
data on Eastern Asia, previously un
available to Western scholars, by
means of ils recent acquisition of
the professional library of Profes
sor Takeo Kanaseki, noted Japanese
anthropologist.
The collection contains contribu
tions of Japanese cholars to the
fields of pre-history, cultural an
thropology, and folklore. Also in
cluded are archeological surveys,
plates from government museums,
monographs covering a variety of
subject, and Japanese professional
journals.
Dr. Felix Keesing, head of the
University department of sociology
and anthropology, said that he ex
pects scholarly research on the col
lection to begin this summer under
the direction of Dr. Bert Gerow, as
sistant professor of anthropology.
The collection is now en route to
Stanford from Formosa.
The new acquisition was negoti
ated by the University's Far East
cm Library committee. This library
already contains some 800 separate
items, including many complete se
ries of journals.
Stanford University has obtained
data on Eastern Asia, previously un
available to Western scholars, by
means of ils recent acquisition of
the professional library of Profes
sor Takeo Kanaseki, noted Japanese
anthropologist.
The collection contains contribu
tions of Japanese cholars to the
fields of pre-history, cultural an
thropology, and folklore. Also in
cluded are archeological surveys,
plates from government museums,
monographs covering a variety of
subject, and Japanese professional
journals.
Dr. Felix Keesing, head of the
University department of sociology
and anthropology, said that he ex
pects scholarly research on the col
lection to begin this summer under
the direction of Dr. Bert Gerow, as
sistant professor of anthropology.
The collection is now en route to
Stanford from Formosa.
The new acquisition was negoti
ated by the University's Far East
cm Library committee. This library
already contains some 800 separate
items, including many complete se
ries of journals.
Stanford University has obtained
data on Eastern Asia, previously un
available to Western scholars, by
means of ils recent acquisition of
the professional library of Profes
sor Takeo Kanaseki, noted Japanese
anthropologist.
The collection contains contribu
tions of Japanese cholars to the
fields of pre-history, cultural an
thropology, and folklore. Also in
cluded are archeological surveys,
plates from government museums,
monographs covering a variety of
subject, and Japanese professional
journals.
Dr. Felix Keesing, head of the
University department of sociology
and anthropology, said that he ex
pects scholarly research on the col
lection to begin this summer under
the direction of Dr. Bert Gerow, as
sistant professor of anthropology.
The collection is now en route to
Stanford from Formosa.
The new acquisition was negoti
ated by the University's Far East
cm Library committee. This library
already contains some 800 separate
items, including many complete se
ries of journals.
Stanford University has obtained
data on Eastern Asia, previously un
available to Western scholars, by
means of ils recent acquisition of
the professional library of Profes
sor Takeo Kanaseki, noted Japanese
anthropologist.
The collection contains contribu
tions of Japanese cholars to the
fields of pre-history, cultural an
thropology, and folklore. Also in
cluded are archeological surveys,
plates from government museums,
monographs covering a variety of
subject, and Japanese professional
journals.
Dr. Felix Keesing, head of the
University department of sociology
and anthropology, said that he ex
pects scholarly research on the col
lection to begin this summer under
the direction of Dr. Bert Gerow, as
sistant professor of anthropology.
The collection is now en route to
Stanford from Formosa.
The new acquisition was negoti
ated by the University's Far East
cm Library committee. This library
already contains some 800 separate
items, including many complete se
ries of journals.
Stanford University has obtained
data on Eastern Asia, previously un
available to Western scholars, by
means of ils recent acquisition of
the professional library of Profes
sor Takeo Kanaseki, noted Japanese
anthropologist.
The collection contains contribu
tions of Japanese cholars to the
fields of pre-history, cultural an
thropology, and folklore. Also in
cluded are archeological surveys,
plates from government museums,
monographs covering a variety of
subject, and Japanese professional
journals.
Dr. Felix Keesing, head of the
University department of sociology
and anthropology, said that he ex
pects scholarly research on the col
lection to begin this summer under
the direction of Dr. Bert Gerow, as
sistant professor of anthropology.
The collection is now en route to
Stanford from Formosa.
The new acquisition was negoti
ated by the University's Far East
cm Library committee. This library
already contains some 800 separate
items, including many complete se
ries of journals.
Stanford University has obtained
data on Eastern Asia, previously un
available to Western scholars, by
means of ils recent acquisition of
the professional library of Profes
sor Takeo Kanaseki, noted Japanese
anthropologist.
The collection contains contribu
tions of Japanese cholars to the
fields of pre-history, cultural an
thropology, and folklore. Also in
cluded are archeological surveys,
plates from government museums,
monographs covering a variety of
subject, and Japanese professional
journals.
Dr. Felix Keesing, head of the
University department of sociology
and anthropology, said that he ex
pects scholarly research on the col
lection to begin this summer under
the direction of Dr. Bert Gerow, as
sistant professor of anthropology.
The collection is now en route to
Stanford from Formosa.
The new acquisition was negoti
ated by the University's Far East
cm Library committee. This library
already contains some 800 separate
items, including many complete se
ries of journals.
