# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Loro House is happy to announce the
ritKafcement of Kit (irouch, clas*. of '65. to
Jim Shaw. M.S. I'al Tet'h 'b3, .M.S. Stanford
f 64.
Loro House is happy to announce the
ritKafcement of Kit (irouch, clas*. of '65. to
Jim Shaw. M.S. I'al Tet'h 'b3, .M.S. Stanford
f 64.
Loro House is happy to announce the
ritKafcement of Kit (irouch, clas*. of '65. to
Jim Shaw. M.S. I'al Tet'h 'b3, .M.S. Stanford
f 64.
Loro House is happy to announce the
ritKafcement of Kit (irouch, clas*. of '65. to
Jim Shaw. M.S. I'al Tet'h 'b3, .M.S. Stanford
f 64.
Loro House is happy to announce the
ritKafcement of Kit (irouch, clas*. of '65. to
Jim Shaw. M.S. I'al Tet'h 'b3, .M.S. Stanford
f 64.
Loro House is happy to announce the
ritKafcement of Kit (irouch, clas*. of '65. to
Jim Shaw. M.S. I'al Tet'h 'b3, .M.S. Stanford
f 64.
Loro House is happy to announce the
ritKafcement of Kit (irouch, clas*. of '65. to
Jim Shaw. M.S. I'al Tet'h 'b3, .M.S. Stanford
f 64.
Loro House is happy to announce the
ritKafcement of Kit (irouch, clas*. of '65. to
Jim Shaw. M.S. I'al Tet'h 'b3, .M.S. Stanford
f 64.
Loro House is happy to announce the
ritKafcement of Kit (irouch, clas*. of '65. to
Jim Shaw. M.S. I'al Tet'h 'b3, .M.S. Stanford
f 64.
Loro House is happy to announce the
ritKafcement of Kit (irouch, clas*. of '65. to
Jim Shaw. M.S. I'al Tet'h 'b3, .M.S. Stanford
f 64.
Loro House is happy to announce the
ritKafcement of Kit (irouch, clas*. of '65. to
Jim Shaw. M.S. I'al Tet'h 'b3, .M.S. Stanford
f 64.
Loro House is happy to announce the
ritKafcement of Kit (irouch, clas*. of '65. to
Jim Shaw. M.S. I'al Tet'h 'b3, .M.S. Stanford
f 64.
Loro House is happy to announce the
ritKafcement of Kit (irouch, clas*. of '65. to
Jim Shaw. M.S. I'al Tet'h 'b3, .M.S. Stanford
f 64.
Loro House is happy to announce the
ritKafcement of Kit (irouch, clas*. of '65. to
Jim Shaw. M.S. I'al Tet'h 'b3, .M.S. Stanford
f 64.
Loro House is happy to announce the
ritKafcement of Kit (irouch, clas*. of '65. to
Jim Shaw. M.S. I'al Tet'h 'b3, .M.S. Stanford
f 64.
