# Daily Elects —And Ends
## 
### 
Daily staff members are re
minded of the election today
for the editor of Volume 142.
Voting will be conducted at
the Shack from 1 to 5 p.m.
All organizations wishing
to get space this week also
are reminded that there will
be no paper Thursday, and
tliat Friday’s Daily will be
the last paper of this school
year.
Daily staff members are re
minded of the election today
for the editor of Volume 142.
Voting will be conducted at
the Shack from 1 to 5 p.m.
All organizations wishing
to get space this week also
are reminded that there will
be no paper Thursday, and
tliat Friday’s Daily will be
the last paper of this school
year.
Daily staff members are re
minded of the election today
for the editor of Volume 142.
Voting will be conducted at
the Shack from 1 to 5 p.m.
All organizations wishing
to get space this week also
are reminded that there will
be no paper Thursday, and
tliat Friday’s Daily will be
the last paper of this school
year.
Daily staff members are re
minded of the election today
for the editor of Volume 142.
Voting will be conducted at
the Shack from 1 to 5 p.m.
All organizations wishing
to get space this week also
are reminded that there will
be no paper Thursday, and
tliat Friday’s Daily will be
the last paper of this school
year.
Daily staff members are re
minded of the election today
for the editor of Volume 142.
Voting will be conducted at
the Shack from 1 to 5 p.m.
All organizations wishing
to get space this week also
are reminded that there will
be no paper Thursday, and
tliat Friday’s Daily will be
the last paper of this school
year.
Daily staff members are re
minded of the election today
for the editor of Volume 142.
Voting will be conducted at
the Shack from 1 to 5 p.m.
All organizations wishing
to get space this week also
are reminded that there will
be no paper Thursday, and
tliat Friday’s Daily will be
the last paper of this school
year.
Daily staff members are re
minded of the election today
for the editor of Volume 142.
Voting will be conducted at
the Shack from 1 to 5 p.m.
All organizations wishing
to get space this week also
are reminded that there will
be no paper Thursday, and
tliat Friday’s Daily will be
the last paper of this school
year.
Daily staff members are re
minded of the election today
for the editor of Volume 142.
Voting will be conducted at
the Shack from 1 to 5 p.m.
All organizations wishing
to get space this week also
are reminded that there will
be no paper Thursday, and
tliat Friday’s Daily will be
the last paper of this school
year.
Daily staff members are re
minded of the election today
for the editor of Volume 142.
Voting will be conducted at
the Shack from 1 to 5 p.m.
All organizations wishing
to get space this week also
are reminded that there will
be no paper Thursday, and
tliat Friday’s Daily will be
the last paper of this school
year.
Daily staff members are re
minded of the election today
for the editor of Volume 142.
Voting will be conducted at
the Shack from 1 to 5 p.m.
All organizations wishing
to get space this week also
are reminded that there will
be no paper Thursday, and
tliat Friday’s Daily will be
the last paper of this school
year.
Daily staff members are re
minded of the election today
for the editor of Volume 142.
Voting will be conducted at
the Shack from 1 to 5 p.m.
All organizations wishing
to get space this week also
are reminded that there will
be no paper Thursday, and
tliat Friday’s Daily will be
the last paper of this school
year.
Daily staff members are re
minded of the election today
for the editor of Volume 142.
Voting will be conducted at
the Shack from 1 to 5 p.m.
All organizations wishing
to get space this week also
are reminded that there will
be no paper Thursday, and
tliat Friday’s Daily will be
the last paper of this school
year.
Daily staff members are re
minded of the election today
for the editor of Volume 142.
Voting will be conducted at
the Shack from 1 to 5 p.m.
All organizations wishing
to get space this week also
are reminded that there will
be no paper Thursday, and
tliat Friday’s Daily will be
the last paper of this school
year.
Daily staff members are re
minded of the election today
for the editor of Volume 142.
Voting will be conducted at
the Shack from 1 to 5 p.m.
All organizations wishing
to get space this week also
are reminded that there will
be no paper Thursday, and
tliat Friday’s Daily will be
the last paper of this school
year.
Daily staff members are re
minded of the election today
for the editor of Volume 142.
Voting will be conducted at
the Shack from 1 to 5 p.m.
All organizations wishing
to get space this week also
are reminded that there will
be no paper Thursday, and
tliat Friday’s Daily will be
the last paper of this school
year.
Daily staff members are re
minded of the election today
for the editor of Volume 142.
Voting will be conducted at
the Shack from 1 to 5 p.m.
All organizations wishing
to get space this week also
are reminded that there will
be no paper Thursday, and
tliat Friday’s Daily will be
the last paper of this school
year.
Daily staff members are re
minded of the election today
for the editor of Volume 142.
Voting will be conducted at
the Shack from 1 to 5 p.m.
All organizations wishing
to get space this week also
are reminded that there will
be no paper Thursday, and
tliat Friday’s Daily will be
the last paper of this school
year.
