# Adv. 18 Page 5
## 
### 
(tea m
I y
n«UUMi|, \y
1
Like a
good neighbor,
State Farm U
there
For help with all your
family insurance needs,
see:
ROBERT A. GREEN
Charleston
Center
7968 Middlefield
R# , Road
Palo Alto
494-1404
\ ___________ -
»3uu farm
WeowmgtA Nfawit' *
(tea m
I y
n«UUMi|, \y
1
Like a
good neighbor,
State Farm U
there
For help with all your
family insurance needs,
see:
ROBERT A. GREEN
Charleston
Center
7968 Middlefield
R# , Road
Palo Alto
494-1404
\ ___________ -
»3uu farm
WeowmgtA Nfawit' *
(tea m
I y
n«UUMi|, \y
1
Like a
good neighbor,
State Farm U
there
For help with all your
family insurance needs,
see:
ROBERT A. GREEN
Charleston
Center
7968 Middlefield
R# , Road
Palo Alto
494-1404
\ ___________ -
»3uu farm
WeowmgtA Nfawit' *
(tea m
I y
n«UUMi|, \y
1
Like a
good neighbor,
State Farm U
there
For help with all your
family insurance needs,
see:
ROBERT A. GREEN
Charleston
Center
7968 Middlefield
R# , Road
Palo Alto
494-1404
\ ___________ -
»3uu farm
WeowmgtA Nfawit' *
(tea m
I y
n«UUMi|, \y
1
Like a
good neighbor,
State Farm U
there
For help with all your
family insurance needs,
see:
ROBERT A. GREEN
Charleston
Center
7968 Middlefield
R# , Road
Palo Alto
494-1404
\ ___________ -
»3uu farm
WeowmgtA Nfawit' *
(tea m
I y
n«UUMi|, \y
1
Like a
good neighbor,
State Farm U
there
For help with all your
family insurance needs,
see:
ROBERT A. GREEN
Charleston
Center
7968 Middlefield
R# , Road
Palo Alto
494-1404
\ ___________ -
»3uu farm
WeowmgtA Nfawit' *
(tea m
I y
n«UUMi|, \y
1
Like a
good neighbor,
State Farm U
there
For help with all your
family insurance needs,
see:
ROBERT A. GREEN
Charleston
Center
7968 Middlefield
R# , Road
Palo Alto
494-1404
\ ___________ -
»3uu farm
WeowmgtA Nfawit' *
(tea m
I y
n«UUMi|, \y
1
Like a
good neighbor,
State Farm U
there
For help with all your
family insurance needs,
see:
ROBERT A. GREEN
Charleston
Center
7968 Middlefield
R# , Road
Palo Alto
494-1404
\ ___________ -
»3uu farm
WeowmgtA Nfawit' *
(tea m
I y
n«UUMi|, \y
1
Like a
good neighbor,
State Farm U
there
For help with all your
family insurance needs,
see:
ROBERT A. GREEN
Charleston
Center
7968 Middlefield
R# , Road
Palo Alto
494-1404
\ ___________ -
»3uu farm
WeowmgtA Nfawit' *
(tea m
I y
n«UUMi|, \y
1
Like a
good neighbor,
State Farm U
there
For help with all your
family insurance needs,
see:
ROBERT A. GREEN
Charleston
Center
7968 Middlefield
R# , Road
Palo Alto
494-1404
\ ___________ -
»3uu farm
WeowmgtA Nfawit' *
(tea m
I y
n«UUMi|, \y
1
Like a
good neighbor,
State Farm U
there
For help with all your
family insurance needs,
see:
ROBERT A. GREEN
Charleston
Center
7968 Middlefield
R# , Road
Palo Alto
494-1404
\ ___________ -
»3uu farm
WeowmgtA Nfawit' *
(tea m
I y
n«UUMi|, \y
1
Like a
good neighbor,
State Farm U
there
For help with all your
family insurance needs,
see:
ROBERT A. GREEN
Charleston
Center
7968 Middlefield
R# , Road
Palo Alto
494-1404
\ ___________ -
»3uu farm
WeowmgtA Nfawit' *
(tea m
I y
n«UUMi|, \y
1
Like a
good neighbor,
State Farm U
there
For help with all your
family insurance needs,
see:
ROBERT A. GREEN
Charleston
Center
7968 Middlefield
R# , Road
Palo Alto
494-1404
\ ___________ -
»3uu farm
WeowmgtA Nfawit' *
(tea m
I y
n«UUMi|, \y
1
Like a
good neighbor,
State Farm U
there
For help with all your
family insurance needs,
see:
ROBERT A. GREEN
Charleston
Center
7968 Middlefield
R# , Road
Palo Alto
494-1404
\ ___________ -
»3uu farm
WeowmgtA Nfawit' *
