# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
Daily Staff Meeting
There will lx- a mandatary
meeting of the Daily staff
and candidafe's Mils Sunday
at 1:30 p.m. in room 320. Per
manent staff will be deter
mined at that time.
Daily Staff Meeting
There will lx- a mandatary
meeting of the Daily staff
and candidafe's Mils Sunday
at 1:30 p.m. in room 320. Per
manent staff will be deter
mined at that time.
Daily Staff Meeting
There will lx- a mandatary
meeting of the Daily staff
and candidafe's Mils Sunday
at 1:30 p.m. in room 320. Per
manent staff will be deter
mined at that time.
Daily Staff Meeting
There will lx- a mandatary
meeting of the Daily staff
and candidafe's Mils Sunday
at 1:30 p.m. in room 320. Per
manent staff will be deter
mined at that time.
Daily Staff Meeting
There will lx- a mandatary
meeting of the Daily staff
and candidafe's Mils Sunday
at 1:30 p.m. in room 320. Per
manent staff will be deter
mined at that time.
Daily Staff Meeting
There will lx- a mandatary
meeting of the Daily staff
and candidafe's Mils Sunday
at 1:30 p.m. in room 320. Per
manent staff will be deter
mined at that time.
Daily Staff Meeting
There will lx- a mandatary
meeting of the Daily staff
and candidafe's Mils Sunday
at 1:30 p.m. in room 320. Per
manent staff will be deter
mined at that time.
Daily Staff Meeting
There will lx- a mandatary
meeting of the Daily staff
and candidafe's Mils Sunday
at 1:30 p.m. in room 320. Per
manent staff will be deter
mined at that time.
Daily Staff Meeting
There will lx- a mandatary
meeting of the Daily staff
and candidafe's Mils Sunday
at 1:30 p.m. in room 320. Per
manent staff will be deter
mined at that time.
Daily Staff Meeting
There will lx- a mandatary
meeting of the Daily staff
and candidafe's Mils Sunday
at 1:30 p.m. in room 320. Per
manent staff will be deter
mined at that time.
Daily Staff Meeting
There will lx- a mandatary
meeting of the Daily staff
and candidafe's Mils Sunday
at 1:30 p.m. in room 320. Per
manent staff will be deter
mined at that time.
Daily Staff Meeting
There will lx- a mandatary
meeting of the Daily staff
and candidafe's Mils Sunday
at 1:30 p.m. in room 320. Per
manent staff will be deter
mined at that time.
Daily Staff Meeting
There will lx- a mandatary
meeting of the Daily staff
and candidafe's Mils Sunday
at 1:30 p.m. in room 320. Per
manent staff will be deter
mined at that time.
Daily Staff Meeting
There will lx- a mandatary
meeting of the Daily staff
and candidafe's Mils Sunday
at 1:30 p.m. in room 320. Per
manent staff will be deter
mined at that time.
Daily Staff Meeting
There will lx- a mandatary
meeting of the Daily staff
and candidafe's Mils Sunday
at 1:30 p.m. in room 320. Per
manent staff will be deter
mined at that time.
Daily Staff Meeting
There will lx- a mandatary
meeting of the Daily staff
and candidafe's Mils Sunday
at 1:30 p.m. in room 320. Per
manent staff will be deter
mined at that time.
Daily Staff Meeting
There will lx- a mandatary
meeting of the Daily staff
and candidafe's Mils Sunday
at 1:30 p.m. in room 320. Per
manent staff will be deter
mined at that time.
