# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Last Call for Quad
Last chance for juniors and
sophomores to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad will \
he today from 9 a.m. -11:50
a.m. and I p.m. - 5:20 p.m. in
flic Quad office.
Last Call for Quad
Last chance for juniors and
sophomores to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad will \
he today from 9 a.m. -11:50
a.m. and I p.m. - 5:20 p.m. in
flic Quad office.
Last Call for Quad
Last chance for juniors and
sophomores to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad will \
he today from 9 a.m. -11:50
a.m. and I p.m. - 5:20 p.m. in
flic Quad office.
Last Call for Quad
Last chance for juniors and
sophomores to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad will \
he today from 9 a.m. -11:50
a.m. and I p.m. - 5:20 p.m. in
flic Quad office.
Last Call for Quad
Last chance for juniors and
sophomores to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad will \
he today from 9 a.m. -11:50
a.m. and I p.m. - 5:20 p.m. in
flic Quad office.
Last Call for Quad
Last chance for juniors and
sophomores to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad will \
he today from 9 a.m. -11:50
a.m. and I p.m. - 5:20 p.m. in
flic Quad office.
Last Call for Quad
Last chance for juniors and
sophomores to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad will \
he today from 9 a.m. -11:50
a.m. and I p.m. - 5:20 p.m. in
flic Quad office.
Last Call for Quad
Last chance for juniors and
sophomores to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad will \
he today from 9 a.m. -11:50
a.m. and I p.m. - 5:20 p.m. in
flic Quad office.
Last Call for Quad
Last chance for juniors and
sophomores to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad will \
he today from 9 a.m. -11:50
a.m. and I p.m. - 5:20 p.m. in
flic Quad office.
Last Call for Quad
Last chance for juniors and
sophomores to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad will \
he today from 9 a.m. -11:50
a.m. and I p.m. - 5:20 p.m. in
flic Quad office.
Last Call for Quad
Last chance for juniors and
sophomores to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad will \
he today from 9 a.m. -11:50
a.m. and I p.m. - 5:20 p.m. in
flic Quad office.
Last Call for Quad
Last chance for juniors and
sophomores to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad will \
he today from 9 a.m. -11:50
a.m. and I p.m. - 5:20 p.m. in
flic Quad office.
Last Call for Quad
Last chance for juniors and
sophomores to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad will \
he today from 9 a.m. -11:50
a.m. and I p.m. - 5:20 p.m. in
flic Quad office.
Last Call for Quad
Last chance for juniors and
sophomores to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad will \
he today from 9 a.m. -11:50
a.m. and I p.m. - 5:20 p.m. in
flic Quad office.
Last Call for Quad
Last chance for juniors and
sophomores to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad will \
he today from 9 a.m. -11:50
a.m. and I p.m. - 5:20 p.m. in
flic Quad office.
Last Call for Quad
Last chance for juniors and
sophomores to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad will \
he today from 9 a.m. -11:50
a.m. and I p.m. - 5:20 p.m. in
flic Quad office.
Last Call for Quad
Last chance for juniors and
sophomores to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad will \
he today from 9 a.m. -11:50
a.m. and I p.m. - 5:20 p.m. in
flic Quad office.
