# LETTERS
## 
### 
Editor, The Daily:
Mr. Morris has stated that he
“cannot see how the fact in it
self of Cuba's possession of inter
mediate-range missiles, presum
ing they have nuclear warheads,
very much lessens our security
when the Russians could deci
mate this country any day they
choose anyway.” Such a position
indicates an obvious lack of un
derstanding concerning the ques
tion of our national security.
For more than a decade our se
curity has been pri marly depend
ent upon deterrent power, as em
bodied in our nuclear retaliatory
capabilities. The fact that most
of our two thousand nuclear
bombers and missiles could bo ef
fectively directed toward the So
viet Union despite a surprise
thermonuclear attack upon the
United States has been a rather
influential factor upon foreign
policy decisions in the Kremlin.
There is no denying that Russian
bombers and intercontinental bal
listic missiles have the potential
of destroying the United States.
H-bombs launched proudly by Fi
del Castro woukl make little dif
ference as far as destruction per
se is concerned.
The crucial point here is that
our radar system can afford us
some fifteen minutes of warning
if a missile is launched from
within the Soviet Union, where
as it can provide us with no such
luxury if the launching pad is lo
cated in Havana. Regarding the
welfare of our civilian popula
tion, such a respite can make lit
tle difference. To a SAC nuclear
base, however, such an interval
is of utmost significance in that
an impressive proportion of our
retaliatory force can be launched
within such a period. Perhaps
this fact has caused four years
of Soviet procrastination in Ber
lin. In any event, if hundreds of
Soviet missiles were to he sta
tioned in Cuba, our deterrent
force would be almost entirely
neutralized since a surprise at
tack launched from Cuba could
only result in a “nuclear Pearl
Harbor.”
If our deterrent power is nulli
fied, the security of humanity it
self will be reduced to a depend
ency upon the will of Nikita
Khrushchev. President Kennedy
is earnestly attempting a avoid
such a dependency.
Robert Buck!
Editor, The Daily:
Mr. Morris has stated that he
“cannot see how the fact in it
self of Cuba's possession of inter
mediate-range missiles, presum
ing they have nuclear warheads,
very much lessens our security
when the Russians could deci
mate this country any day they
choose anyway.” Such a position
indicates an obvious lack of un
derstanding concerning the ques
tion of our national security.
For more than a decade our se
curity has been pri marly depend
ent upon deterrent power, as em
bodied in our nuclear retaliatory
capabilities. The fact that most
of our two thousand nuclear
bombers and missiles could bo ef
fectively directed toward the So
viet Union despite a surprise
thermonuclear attack upon the
United States has been a rather
influential factor upon foreign
policy decisions in the Kremlin.
There is no denying that Russian
bombers and intercontinental bal
listic missiles have the potential
of destroying the United States.
H-bombs launched proudly by Fi
del Castro woukl make little dif
ference as far as destruction per
se is concerned.
The crucial point here is that
our radar system can afford us
some fifteen minutes of warning
if a missile is launched from
within the Soviet Union, where
as it can provide us with no such
luxury if the launching pad is lo
cated in Havana. Regarding the
welfare of our civilian popula
tion, such a respite can make lit
tle difference. To a SAC nuclear
base, however, such an interval
is of utmost significance in that
an impressive proportion of our
retaliatory force can be launched
within such a period. Perhaps
this fact has caused four years
of Soviet procrastination in Ber
lin. In any event, if hundreds of
Soviet missiles were to he sta
tioned in Cuba, our deterrent
force would be almost entirely
neutralized since a surprise at
tack launched from Cuba could
only result in a “nuclear Pearl
Harbor.”
If our deterrent power is nulli
fied, the security of humanity it
self will be reduced to a depend
ency upon the will of Nikita
Khrushchev. President Kennedy
is earnestly attempting a avoid
such a dependency.
Robert Buck!
Editor, The Daily:
Mr. Morris has stated that he
“cannot see how the fact in it
self of Cuba's possession of inter
mediate-range missiles, presum
ing they have nuclear warheads,
very much lessens our security
when the Russians could deci
mate this country any day they
choose anyway.” Such a position
indicates an obvious lack of un
derstanding concerning the ques
tion of our national security.
For more than a decade our se
curity has been pri marly depend
ent upon deterrent power, as em
bodied in our nuclear retaliatory
capabilities. The fact that most
of our two thousand nuclear
bombers and missiles could bo ef
fectively directed toward the So
viet Union despite a surprise
thermonuclear attack upon the
United States has been a rather
influential factor upon foreign
policy decisions in the Kremlin.
There is no denying that Russian
bombers and intercontinental bal
listic missiles have the potential
of destroying the United States.
H-bombs launched proudly by Fi
del Castro woukl make little dif
ference as far as destruction per
se is concerned.
The crucial point here is that
our radar system can afford us
some fifteen minutes of warning
if a missile is launched from
within the Soviet Union, where
as it can provide us with no such
luxury if the launching pad is lo
cated in Havana. Regarding the
welfare of our civilian popula
tion, such a respite can make lit
tle difference. To a SAC nuclear
base, however, such an interval
is of utmost significance in that
an impressive proportion of our
retaliatory force can be launched
within such a period. Perhaps
this fact has caused four years
of Soviet procrastination in Ber
lin. In any event, if hundreds of
Soviet missiles were to he sta
tioned in Cuba, our deterrent
force would be almost entirely
neutralized since a surprise at
tack launched from Cuba could
only result in a “nuclear Pearl
Harbor.”
If our deterrent power is nulli
fied, the security of humanity it
self will be reduced to a depend
ency upon the will of Nikita
Khrushchev. President Kennedy
is earnestly attempting a avoid
such a dependency.
Robert Buck!
Editor, The Daily:
Mr. Morris has stated that he
“cannot see how the fact in it
self of Cuba's possession of inter
mediate-range missiles, presum
ing they have nuclear warheads,
very much lessens our security
when the Russians could deci
mate this country any day they
choose anyway.” Such a position
indicates an obvious lack of un
derstanding concerning the ques
tion of our national security.
For more than a decade our se
curity has been pri marly depend
ent upon deterrent power, as em
bodied in our nuclear retaliatory
capabilities. The fact that most
of our two thousand nuclear
bombers and missiles could bo ef
fectively directed toward the So
viet Union despite a surprise
thermonuclear attack upon the
United States has been a rather
influential factor upon foreign
policy decisions in the Kremlin.
There is no denying that Russian
bombers and intercontinental bal
listic missiles have the potential
of destroying the United States.
H-bombs launched proudly by Fi
del Castro woukl make little dif
ference as far as destruction per
se is concerned.
The crucial point here is that
our radar system can afford us
some fifteen minutes of warning
if a missile is launched from
within the Soviet Union, where
as it can provide us with no such
luxury if the launching pad is lo
cated in Havana. Regarding the
welfare of our civilian popula
tion, such a respite can make lit
tle difference. To a SAC nuclear
base, however, such an interval
is of utmost significance in that
an impressive proportion of our
retaliatory force can be launched
within such a period. Perhaps
this fact has caused four years
of Soviet procrastination in Ber
lin. In any event, if hundreds of
Soviet missiles were to he sta
tioned in Cuba, our deterrent
force would be almost entirely
neutralized since a surprise at
tack launched from Cuba could
only result in a “nuclear Pearl
Harbor.”
If our deterrent power is nulli
fied, the security of humanity it
self will be reduced to a depend
ency upon the will of Nikita
Khrushchev. President Kennedy
is earnestly attempting a avoid
such a dependency.
Robert Buck!
Editor, The Daily:
Mr. Morris has stated that he
“cannot see how the fact in it
self of Cuba's possession of inter
mediate-range missiles, presum
ing they have nuclear warheads,
very much lessens our security
when the Russians could deci
mate this country any day they
choose anyway.” Such a position
indicates an obvious lack of un
derstanding concerning the ques
tion of our national security.
For more than a decade our se
curity has been pri marly depend
ent upon deterrent power, as em
bodied in our nuclear retaliatory
capabilities. The fact that most
of our two thousand nuclear
bombers and missiles could bo ef
fectively directed toward the So
viet Union despite a surprise
thermonuclear attack upon the
United States has been a rather
influential factor upon foreign
policy decisions in the Kremlin.
There is no denying that Russian
bombers and intercontinental bal
listic missiles have the potential
of destroying the United States.
H-bombs launched proudly by Fi
del Castro woukl make little dif
ference as far as destruction per
se is concerned.
The crucial point here is that
our radar system can afford us
some fifteen minutes of warning
if a missile is launched from
within the Soviet Union, where
as it can provide us with no such
luxury if the launching pad is lo
cated in Havana. Regarding the
welfare of our civilian popula
tion, such a respite can make lit
tle difference. To a SAC nuclear
base, however, such an interval
is of utmost significance in that
an impressive proportion of our
retaliatory force can be launched
within such a period. Perhaps
this fact has caused four years
of Soviet procrastination in Ber
lin. In any event, if hundreds of
Soviet missiles were to he sta
tioned in Cuba, our deterrent
force would be almost entirely
neutralized since a surprise at
tack launched from Cuba could
only result in a “nuclear Pearl
Harbor.”
If our deterrent power is nulli
fied, the security of humanity it
self will be reduced to a depend
ency upon the will of Nikita
Khrushchev. President Kennedy
is earnestly attempting a avoid
such a dependency.
Robert Buck!
Editor, The Daily:
Mr. Morris has stated that he
“cannot see how the fact in it
self of Cuba's possession of inter
mediate-range missiles, presum
ing they have nuclear warheads,
very much lessens our security
when the Russians could deci
mate this country any day they
choose anyway.” Such a position
indicates an obvious lack of un
derstanding concerning the ques
tion of our national security.
For more than a decade our se
curity has been pri marly depend
ent upon deterrent power, as em
bodied in our nuclear retaliatory
capabilities. The fact that most
of our two thousand nuclear
bombers and missiles could bo ef
fectively directed toward the So
viet Union despite a surprise
thermonuclear attack upon the
United States has been a rather
influential factor upon foreign
policy decisions in the Kremlin.
There is no denying that Russian
bombers and intercontinental bal
listic missiles have the potential
of destroying the United States.
H-bombs launched proudly by Fi
del Castro woukl make little dif
ference as far as destruction per
se is concerned.
The crucial point here is that
our radar system can afford us
some fifteen minutes of warning
if a missile is launched from
within the Soviet Union, where
as it can provide us with no such
luxury if the launching pad is lo
cated in Havana. Regarding the
welfare of our civilian popula
tion, such a respite can make lit
tle difference. To a SAC nuclear
base, however, such an interval
is of utmost significance in that
an impressive proportion of our
retaliatory force can be launched
within such a period. Perhaps
this fact has caused four years
of Soviet procrastination in Ber
lin. In any event, if hundreds of
Soviet missiles were to he sta
tioned in Cuba, our deterrent
force would be almost entirely
neutralized since a surprise at
tack launched from Cuba could
only result in a “nuclear Pearl
Harbor.”
If our deterrent power is nulli
fied, the security of humanity it
self will be reduced to a depend
ency upon the will of Nikita
Khrushchev. President Kennedy
is earnestly attempting a avoid
such a dependency.
Robert Buck!
Editor, The Daily:
Mr. Morris has stated that he
“cannot see how the fact in it
self of Cuba's possession of inter
mediate-range missiles, presum
ing they have nuclear warheads,
very much lessens our security
when the Russians could deci
mate this country any day they
choose anyway.” Such a position
indicates an obvious lack of un
derstanding concerning the ques
tion of our national security.
For more than a decade our se
curity has been pri marly depend
ent upon deterrent power, as em
bodied in our nuclear retaliatory
capabilities. The fact that most
of our two thousand nuclear
bombers and missiles could bo ef
fectively directed toward the So
viet Union despite a surprise
thermonuclear attack upon the
United States has been a rather
influential factor upon foreign
policy decisions in the Kremlin.
There is no denying that Russian
bombers and intercontinental bal
listic missiles have the potential
of destroying the United States.
H-bombs launched proudly by Fi
del Castro woukl make little dif
ference as far as destruction per
se is concerned.
The crucial point here is that
our radar system can afford us
some fifteen minutes of warning
if a missile is launched from
within the Soviet Union, where
as it can provide us with no such
luxury if the launching pad is lo
cated in Havana. Regarding the
welfare of our civilian popula
tion, such a respite can make lit
tle difference. To a SAC nuclear
base, however, such an interval
is of utmost significance in that
an impressive proportion of our
retaliatory force can be launched
within such a period. Perhaps
this fact has caused four years
of Soviet procrastination in Ber
lin. In any event, if hundreds of
Soviet missiles were to he sta
tioned in Cuba, our deterrent
force would be almost entirely
neutralized since a surprise at
tack launched from Cuba could
only result in a “nuclear Pearl
Harbor.”
If our deterrent power is nulli
fied, the security of humanity it
self will be reduced to a depend
ency upon the will of Nikita
Khrushchev. President Kennedy
is earnestly attempting a avoid
such a dependency.
Robert Buck!
Editor, The Daily:
Mr. Morris has stated that he
“cannot see how the fact in it
self of Cuba's possession of inter
mediate-range missiles, presum
ing they have nuclear warheads,
very much lessens our security
when the Russians could deci
mate this country any day they
choose anyway.” Such a position
indicates an obvious lack of un
derstanding concerning the ques
tion of our national security.
For more than a decade our se
curity has been pri marly depend
ent upon deterrent power, as em
bodied in our nuclear retaliatory
capabilities. The fact that most
of our two thousand nuclear
bombers and missiles could bo ef
fectively directed toward the So
viet Union despite a surprise
thermonuclear attack upon the
United States has been a rather
influential factor upon foreign
policy decisions in the Kremlin.
There is no denying that Russian
bombers and intercontinental bal
listic missiles have the potential
of destroying the United States.
H-bombs launched proudly by Fi
del Castro woukl make little dif
ference as far as destruction per
se is concerned.
The crucial point here is that
our radar system can afford us
some fifteen minutes of warning
if a missile is launched from
within the Soviet Union, where
as it can provide us with no such
luxury if the launching pad is lo
cated in Havana. Regarding the
welfare of our civilian popula
tion, such a respite can make lit
tle difference. To a SAC nuclear
base, however, such an interval
is of utmost significance in that
an impressive proportion of our
retaliatory force can be launched
within such a period. Perhaps
this fact has caused four years
of Soviet procrastination in Ber
lin. In any event, if hundreds of
Soviet missiles were to he sta
tioned in Cuba, our deterrent
force would be almost entirely
neutralized since a surprise at
tack launched from Cuba could
only result in a “nuclear Pearl
Harbor.”
If our deterrent power is nulli
fied, the security of humanity it
self will be reduced to a depend
ency upon the will of Nikita
Khrushchev. President Kennedy
is earnestly attempting a avoid
such a dependency.
Robert Buck!
Editor, The Daily:
Mr. Morris has stated that he
“cannot see how the fact in it
self of Cuba's possession of inter
mediate-range missiles, presum
ing they have nuclear warheads,
very much lessens our security
when the Russians could deci
mate this country any day they
choose anyway.” Such a position
indicates an obvious lack of un
derstanding concerning the ques
tion of our national security.
For more than a decade our se
curity has been pri marly depend
ent upon deterrent power, as em
bodied in our nuclear retaliatory
capabilities. The fact that most
of our two thousand nuclear
bombers and missiles could bo ef
fectively directed toward the So
viet Union despite a surprise
thermonuclear attack upon the
United States has been a rather
influential factor upon foreign
policy decisions in the Kremlin.
There is no denying that Russian
bombers and intercontinental bal
listic missiles have the potential
of destroying the United States.
H-bombs launched proudly by Fi
del Castro woukl make little dif
ference as far as destruction per
se is concerned.
The crucial point here is that
our radar system can afford us
some fifteen minutes of warning
if a missile is launched from
within the Soviet Union, where
as it can provide us with no such
luxury if the launching pad is lo
cated in Havana. Regarding the
welfare of our civilian popula
tion, such a respite can make lit
tle difference. To a SAC nuclear
base, however, such an interval
is of utmost significance in that
an impressive proportion of our
retaliatory force can be launched
within such a period. Perhaps
this fact has caused four years
of Soviet procrastination in Ber
lin. In any event, if hundreds of
Soviet missiles were to he sta
tioned in Cuba, our deterrent
force would be almost entirely
neutralized since a surprise at
tack launched from Cuba could
only result in a “nuclear Pearl
Harbor.”
If our deterrent power is nulli
fied, the security of humanity it
self will be reduced to a depend
ency upon the will of Nikita
Khrushchev. President Kennedy
is earnestly attempting a avoid
such a dependency.
Robert Buck!
Editor, The Daily:
Mr. Morris has stated that he
“cannot see how the fact in it
self of Cuba's possession of inter
mediate-range missiles, presum
ing they have nuclear warheads,
very much lessens our security
when the Russians could deci
mate this country any day they
choose anyway.” Such a position
indicates an obvious lack of un
derstanding concerning the ques
tion of our national security.
For more than a decade our se
curity has been pri marly depend
ent upon deterrent power, as em
bodied in our nuclear retaliatory
capabilities. The fact that most
of our two thousand nuclear
bombers and missiles could bo ef
fectively directed toward the So
viet Union despite a surprise
thermonuclear attack upon the
United States has been a rather
influential factor upon foreign
policy decisions in the Kremlin.
There is no denying that Russian
bombers and intercontinental bal
listic missiles have the potential
of destroying the United States.
H-bombs launched proudly by Fi
del Castro woukl make little dif
ference as far as destruction per
se is concerned.
The crucial point here is that
our radar system can afford us
some fifteen minutes of warning
if a missile is launched from
within the Soviet Union, where
as it can provide us with no such
luxury if the launching pad is lo
cated in Havana. Regarding the
welfare of our civilian popula
tion, such a respite can make lit
tle difference. To a SAC nuclear
base, however, such an interval
is of utmost significance in that
an impressive proportion of our
retaliatory force can be launched
within such a period. Perhaps
this fact has caused four years
of Soviet procrastination in Ber
lin. In any event, if hundreds of
Soviet missiles were to he sta
tioned in Cuba, our deterrent
force would be almost entirely
neutralized since a surprise at
tack launched from Cuba could
only result in a “nuclear Pearl
Harbor.”
If our deterrent power is nulli
fied, the security of humanity it
self will be reduced to a depend
ency upon the will of Nikita
Khrushchev. President Kennedy
is earnestly attempting a avoid
such a dependency.
Robert Buck!
Editor, The Daily:
Mr. Morris has stated that he
“cannot see how the fact in it
self of Cuba's possession of inter
mediate-range missiles, presum
ing they have nuclear warheads,
very much lessens our security
when the Russians could deci
mate this country any day they
choose anyway.” Such a position
indicates an obvious lack of un
derstanding concerning the ques
tion of our national security.
For more than a decade our se
curity has been pri marly depend
ent upon deterrent power, as em
bodied in our nuclear retaliatory
capabilities. The fact that most
of our two thousand nuclear
bombers and missiles could bo ef
fectively directed toward the So
viet Union despite a surprise
thermonuclear attack upon the
United States has been a rather
influential factor upon foreign
policy decisions in the Kremlin.
There is no denying that Russian
bombers and intercontinental bal
listic missiles have the potential
of destroying the United States.
H-bombs launched proudly by Fi
del Castro woukl make little dif
ference as far as destruction per
se is concerned.
The crucial point here is that
our radar system can afford us
some fifteen minutes of warning
if a missile is launched from
within the Soviet Union, where
as it can provide us with no such
luxury if the launching pad is lo
cated in Havana. Regarding the
welfare of our civilian popula
tion, such a respite can make lit
tle difference. To a SAC nuclear
base, however, such an interval
is of utmost significance in that
an impressive proportion of our
retaliatory force can be launched
within such a period. Perhaps
this fact has caused four years
of Soviet procrastination in Ber
lin. In any event, if hundreds of
Soviet missiles were to he sta
tioned in Cuba, our deterrent
force would be almost entirely
neutralized since a surprise at
tack launched from Cuba could
only result in a “nuclear Pearl
Harbor.”
If our deterrent power is nulli
fied, the security of humanity it
self will be reduced to a depend
ency upon the will of Nikita
Khrushchev. President Kennedy
is earnestly attempting a avoid
such a dependency.
Robert Buck!
Editor, The Daily:
Mr. Morris has stated that he
“cannot see how the fact in it
self of Cuba's possession of inter
mediate-range missiles, presum
ing they have nuclear warheads,
very much lessens our security
when the Russians could deci
mate this country any day they
choose anyway.” Such a position
indicates an obvious lack of un
derstanding concerning the ques
tion of our national security.
For more than a decade our se
curity has been pri marly depend
ent upon deterrent power, as em
bodied in our nuclear retaliatory
capabilities. The fact that most
of our two thousand nuclear
bombers and missiles could bo ef
fectively directed toward the So
viet Union despite a surprise
thermonuclear attack upon the
United States has been a rather
influential factor upon foreign
policy decisions in the Kremlin.
There is no denying that Russian
bombers and intercontinental bal
listic missiles have the potential
of destroying the United States.
H-bombs launched proudly by Fi
del Castro woukl make little dif
ference as far as destruction per
se is concerned.
The crucial point here is that
our radar system can afford us
some fifteen minutes of warning
if a missile is launched from
within the Soviet Union, where
as it can provide us with no such
luxury if the launching pad is lo
cated in Havana. Regarding the
welfare of our civilian popula
tion, such a respite can make lit
tle difference. To a SAC nuclear
base, however, such an interval
is of utmost significance in that
an impressive proportion of our
retaliatory force can be launched
within such a period. Perhaps
this fact has caused four years
of Soviet procrastination in Ber
lin. In any event, if hundreds of
Soviet missiles were to he sta
tioned in Cuba, our deterrent
force would be almost entirely
neutralized since a surprise at
tack launched from Cuba could
only result in a “nuclear Pearl
Harbor.”
If our deterrent power is nulli
fied, the security of humanity it
self will be reduced to a depend
ency upon the will of Nikita
Khrushchev. President Kennedy
is earnestly attempting a avoid
such a dependency.
Robert Buck!
Editor, The Daily:
Mr. Morris has stated that he
“cannot see how the fact in it
self of Cuba's possession of inter
mediate-range missiles, presum
ing they have nuclear warheads,
very much lessens our security
when the Russians could deci
mate this country any day they
choose anyway.” Such a position
indicates an obvious lack of un
derstanding concerning the ques
tion of our national security.
For more than a decade our se
curity has been pri marly depend
ent upon deterrent power, as em
bodied in our nuclear retaliatory
capabilities. The fact that most
of our two thousand nuclear
bombers and missiles could bo ef
fectively directed toward the So
viet Union despite a surprise
thermonuclear attack upon the
United States has been a rather
influential factor upon foreign
policy decisions in the Kremlin.
There is no denying that Russian
bombers and intercontinental bal
listic missiles have the potential
of destroying the United States.
H-bombs launched proudly by Fi
del Castro woukl make little dif
ference as far as destruction per
se is concerned.
The crucial point here is that
our radar system can afford us
some fifteen minutes of warning
if a missile is launched from
within the Soviet Union, where
as it can provide us with no such
luxury if the launching pad is lo
cated in Havana. Regarding the
welfare of our civilian popula
tion, such a respite can make lit
tle difference. To a SAC nuclear
base, however, such an interval
is of utmost significance in that
an impressive proportion of our
retaliatory force can be launched
within such a period. Perhaps
this fact has caused four years
of Soviet procrastination in Ber
lin. In any event, if hundreds of
Soviet missiles were to he sta
tioned in Cuba, our deterrent
force would be almost entirely
neutralized since a surprise at
tack launched from Cuba could
only result in a “nuclear Pearl
Harbor.”
If our deterrent power is nulli
fied, the security of humanity it
self will be reduced to a depend
ency upon the will of Nikita
Khrushchev. President Kennedy
is earnestly attempting a avoid
such a dependency.
Robert Buck!
Editor, The Daily:
Mr. Morris has stated that he
“cannot see how the fact in it
self of Cuba's possession of inter
mediate-range missiles, presum
ing they have nuclear warheads,
very much lessens our security
when the Russians could deci
mate this country any day they
choose anyway.” Such a position
indicates an obvious lack of un
derstanding concerning the ques
tion of our national security.
For more than a decade our se
curity has been pri marly depend
ent upon deterrent power, as em
bodied in our nuclear retaliatory
capabilities. The fact that most
of our two thousand nuclear
bombers and missiles could bo ef
fectively directed toward the So
viet Union despite a surprise
thermonuclear attack upon the
United States has been a rather
influential factor upon foreign
policy decisions in the Kremlin.
There is no denying that Russian
bombers and intercontinental bal
listic missiles have the potential
of destroying the United States.
H-bombs launched proudly by Fi
del Castro woukl make little dif
ference as far as destruction per
se is concerned.
The crucial point here is that
our radar system can afford us
some fifteen minutes of warning
if a missile is launched from
within the Soviet Union, where
as it can provide us with no such
luxury if the launching pad is lo
cated in Havana. Regarding the
welfare of our civilian popula
tion, such a respite can make lit
tle difference. To a SAC nuclear
base, however, such an interval
is of utmost significance in that
an impressive proportion of our
retaliatory force can be launched
within such a period. Perhaps
this fact has caused four years
of Soviet procrastination in Ber
lin. In any event, if hundreds of
Soviet missiles were to he sta
tioned in Cuba, our deterrent
force would be almost entirely
neutralized since a surprise at
tack launched from Cuba could
only result in a “nuclear Pearl
Harbor.”
If our deterrent power is nulli
fied, the security of humanity it
self will be reduced to a depend
ency upon the will of Nikita
Khrushchev. President Kennedy
is earnestly attempting a avoid
such a dependency.
Robert Buck!
Editor, The Daily:
Mr. Morris has stated that he
“cannot see how the fact in it
self of Cuba's possession of inter
mediate-range missiles, presum
ing they have nuclear warheads,
very much lessens our security
when the Russians could deci
mate this country any day they
choose anyway.” Such a position
indicates an obvious lack of un
derstanding concerning the ques
tion of our national security.
For more than a decade our se
curity has been pri marly depend
ent upon deterrent power, as em
bodied in our nuclear retaliatory
capabilities. The fact that most
of our two thousand nuclear
bombers and missiles could bo ef
fectively directed toward the So
viet Union despite a surprise
thermonuclear attack upon the
United States has been a rather
influential factor upon foreign
policy decisions in the Kremlin.
There is no denying that Russian
bombers and intercontinental bal
listic missiles have the potential
of destroying the United States.
H-bombs launched proudly by Fi
del Castro woukl make little dif
ference as far as destruction per
se is concerned.
The crucial point here is that
our radar system can afford us
some fifteen minutes of warning
if a missile is launched from
within the Soviet Union, where
as it can provide us with no such
luxury if the launching pad is lo
cated in Havana. Regarding the
welfare of our civilian popula
tion, such a respite can make lit
tle difference. To a SAC nuclear
base, however, such an interval
is of utmost significance in that
an impressive proportion of our
retaliatory force can be launched
within such a period. Perhaps
this fact has caused four years
of Soviet procrastination in Ber
lin. In any event, if hundreds of
Soviet missiles were to he sta
tioned in Cuba, our deterrent
force would be almost entirely
neutralized since a surprise at
tack launched from Cuba could
only result in a “nuclear Pearl
Harbor.”
If our deterrent power is nulli
fied, the security of humanity it
self will be reduced to a depend
ency upon the will of Nikita
Khrushchev. President Kennedy
is earnestly attempting a avoid
such a dependency.
Robert Buck!
Editor, The Daily:
Mr. Morris has stated that he
“cannot see how the fact in it
self of Cuba's possession of inter
mediate-range missiles, presum
ing they have nuclear warheads,
very much lessens our security
when the Russians could deci
mate this country any day they
choose anyway.” Such a position
indicates an obvious lack of un
derstanding concerning the ques
tion of our national security.
For more than a decade our se
curity has been pri marly depend
ent upon deterrent power, as em
bodied in our nuclear retaliatory
capabilities. The fact that most
of our two thousand nuclear
bombers and missiles could bo ef
fectively directed toward the So
viet Union despite a surprise
thermonuclear attack upon the
United States has been a rather
influential factor upon foreign
policy decisions in the Kremlin.
There is no denying that Russian
bombers and intercontinental bal
listic missiles have the potential
of destroying the United States.
H-bombs launched proudly by Fi
del Castro woukl make little dif
ference as far as destruction per
se is concerned.
The crucial point here is that
our radar system can afford us
some fifteen minutes of warning
if a missile is launched from
within the Soviet Union, where
as it can provide us with no such
luxury if the launching pad is lo
cated in Havana. Regarding the
welfare of our civilian popula
tion, such a respite can make lit
tle difference. To a SAC nuclear
base, however, such an interval
is of utmost significance in that
an impressive proportion of our
retaliatory force can be launched
within such a period. Perhaps
this fact has caused four years
of Soviet procrastination in Ber
lin. In any event, if hundreds of
Soviet missiles were to he sta
tioned in Cuba, our deterrent
force would be almost entirely
neutralized since a surprise at
tack launched from Cuba could
only result in a “nuclear Pearl
Harbor.”
If our deterrent power is nulli
fied, the security of humanity it
self will be reduced to a depend
ency upon the will of Nikita
Khrushchev. President Kennedy
is earnestly attempting a avoid
such a dependency.
Robert Buck!
Editor, The Daily:
Mr. Morris has stated that he
“cannot see how the fact in it
self of Cuba's possession of inter
mediate-range missiles, presum
ing they have nuclear warheads,
very much lessens our security
when the Russians could deci
mate this country any day they
choose anyway.” Such a position
indicates an obvious lack of un
derstanding concerning the ques
tion of our national security.
For more than a decade our se
curity has been pri marly depend
ent upon deterrent power, as em
bodied in our nuclear retaliatory
capabilities. The fact that most
of our two thousand nuclear
bombers and missiles could bo ef
fectively directed toward the So
viet Union despite a surprise
thermonuclear attack upon the
United States has been a rather
influential factor upon foreign
policy decisions in the Kremlin.
There is no denying that Russian
bombers and intercontinental bal
listic missiles have the potential
of destroying the United States.
H-bombs launched proudly by Fi
del Castro woukl make little dif
ference as far as destruction per
se is concerned.
The crucial point here is that
our radar system can afford us
some fifteen minutes of warning
if a missile is launched from
within the Soviet Union, where
as it can provide us with no such
luxury if the launching pad is lo
cated in Havana. Regarding the
welfare of our civilian popula
tion, such a respite can make lit
tle difference. To a SAC nuclear
base, however, such an interval
is of utmost significance in that
an impressive proportion of our
retaliatory force can be launched
within such a period. Perhaps
this fact has caused four years
of Soviet procrastination in Ber
lin. In any event, if hundreds of
Soviet missiles were to he sta
tioned in Cuba, our deterrent
force would be almost entirely
neutralized since a surprise at
tack launched from Cuba could
only result in a “nuclear Pearl
Harbor.”
If our deterrent power is nulli
fied, the security of humanity it
self will be reduced to a depend
ency upon the will of Nikita
Khrushchev. President Kennedy
is earnestly attempting a avoid
such a dependency.
Robert Buck!
