# Zoology Professor Travels in Orient.
## 
### 
Professor W. K. Fisher, of the Zool
ogy department, has been spending his
sabbatical leave traveling in Japan,
Korea, China and Java. He is now in
India, and will return to this country
the latter part of the summer.
Professor W. K. Fisher, of the Zool
ogy department, has been spending his
sabbatical leave traveling in Japan,
Korea, China and Java. He is now in
India, and will return to this country
the latter part of the summer.
Professor W. K. Fisher, of the Zool
ogy department, has been spending his
sabbatical leave traveling in Japan,
Korea, China and Java. He is now in
India, and will return to this country
the latter part of the summer.
Professor W. K. Fisher, of the Zool
ogy department, has been spending his
sabbatical leave traveling in Japan,
Korea, China and Java. He is now in
India, and will return to this country
the latter part of the summer.
Professor W. K. Fisher, of the Zool
ogy department, has been spending his
sabbatical leave traveling in Japan,
Korea, China and Java. He is now in
India, and will return to this country
the latter part of the summer.
Professor W. K. Fisher, of the Zool
ogy department, has been spending his
sabbatical leave traveling in Japan,
Korea, China and Java. He is now in
India, and will return to this country
the latter part of the summer.
Professor W. K. Fisher, of the Zool
ogy department, has been spending his
sabbatical leave traveling in Japan,
Korea, China and Java. He is now in
India, and will return to this country
the latter part of the summer.
Professor W. K. Fisher, of the Zool
ogy department, has been spending his
sabbatical leave traveling in Japan,
Korea, China and Java. He is now in
India, and will return to this country
the latter part of the summer.
Professor W. K. Fisher, of the Zool
ogy department, has been spending his
sabbatical leave traveling in Japan,
Korea, China and Java. He is now in
India, and will return to this country
the latter part of the summer.
Professor W. K. Fisher, of the Zool
ogy department, has been spending his
sabbatical leave traveling in Japan,
Korea, China and Java. He is now in
India, and will return to this country
the latter part of the summer.
Professor W. K. Fisher, of the Zool
ogy department, has been spending his
sabbatical leave traveling in Japan,
Korea, China and Java. He is now in
India, and will return to this country
the latter part of the summer.
Professor W. K. Fisher, of the Zool
ogy department, has been spending his
sabbatical leave traveling in Japan,
Korea, China and Java. He is now in
India, and will return to this country
the latter part of the summer.
Professor W. K. Fisher, of the Zool
ogy department, has been spending his
sabbatical leave traveling in Japan,
Korea, China and Java. He is now in
India, and will return to this country
the latter part of the summer.
