# BUTT-RUMFORD CONCERT WILL BE MUSICAL TREAT
## 
### 
The joint recital to be given by
Mme. Clara Butt and Kennerley
Ruraford in the Assembly Hall, Feb
ruary 11, has already created a great
deal of interest among music-lovers
of the peninsula. These two artists
are well known exponents of the art
of song both in America and Europe.
Mme. Butt possesses a truly phe
nomenal contralto voice. Kennerley
Rumford, who in private life is the
husband of Mme Butt, is a pleasing
baritone.
The joint recital to be given by
Mme. Clara Butt and Kennerley
Ruraford in the Assembly Hall, Feb
ruary 11, has already created a great
deal of interest among music-lovers
of the peninsula. These two artists
are well known exponents of the art
of song both in America and Europe.
Mme. Butt possesses a truly phe
nomenal contralto voice. Kennerley
Rumford, who in private life is the
husband of Mme Butt, is a pleasing
baritone.
The joint recital to be given by
Mme. Clara Butt and Kennerley
Ruraford in the Assembly Hall, Feb
ruary 11, has already created a great
deal of interest among music-lovers
of the peninsula. These two artists
are well known exponents of the art
of song both in America and Europe.
Mme. Butt possesses a truly phe
nomenal contralto voice. Kennerley
Rumford, who in private life is the
husband of Mme Butt, is a pleasing
baritone.
The joint recital to be given by
Mme. Clara Butt and Kennerley
Ruraford in the Assembly Hall, Feb
ruary 11, has already created a great
deal of interest among music-lovers
of the peninsula. These two artists
are well known exponents of the art
of song both in America and Europe.
Mme. Butt possesses a truly phe
nomenal contralto voice. Kennerley
Rumford, who in private life is the
husband of Mme Butt, is a pleasing
baritone.
The joint recital to be given by
Mme. Clara Butt and Kennerley
Ruraford in the Assembly Hall, Feb
ruary 11, has already created a great
deal of interest among music-lovers
of the peninsula. These two artists
are well known exponents of the art
of song both in America and Europe.
Mme. Butt possesses a truly phe
nomenal contralto voice. Kennerley
Rumford, who in private life is the
husband of Mme Butt, is a pleasing
baritone.
The joint recital to be given by
Mme. Clara Butt and Kennerley
Ruraford in the Assembly Hall, Feb
ruary 11, has already created a great
deal of interest among music-lovers
of the peninsula. These two artists
are well known exponents of the art
of song both in America and Europe.
Mme. Butt possesses a truly phe
nomenal contralto voice. Kennerley
Rumford, who in private life is the
husband of Mme Butt, is a pleasing
baritone.
The joint recital to be given by
Mme. Clara Butt and Kennerley
Ruraford in the Assembly Hall, Feb
ruary 11, has already created a great
deal of interest among music-lovers
of the peninsula. These two artists
are well known exponents of the art
of song both in America and Europe.
Mme. Butt possesses a truly phe
nomenal contralto voice. Kennerley
Rumford, who in private life is the
husband of Mme Butt, is a pleasing
baritone.
The joint recital to be given by
Mme. Clara Butt and Kennerley
Ruraford in the Assembly Hall, Feb
ruary 11, has already created a great
deal of interest among music-lovers
of the peninsula. These two artists
are well known exponents of the art
of song both in America and Europe.
Mme. Butt possesses a truly phe
nomenal contralto voice. Kennerley
Rumford, who in private life is the
husband of Mme Butt, is a pleasing
baritone.
The joint recital to be given by
Mme. Clara Butt and Kennerley
Ruraford in the Assembly Hall, Feb
ruary 11, has already created a great
deal of interest among music-lovers
of the peninsula. These two artists
are well known exponents of the art
of song both in America and Europe.
Mme. Butt possesses a truly phe
nomenal contralto voice. Kennerley
Rumford, who in private life is the
husband of Mme Butt, is a pleasing
baritone.
The joint recital to be given by
Mme. Clara Butt and Kennerley
Ruraford in the Assembly Hall, Feb
ruary 11, has already created a great
deal of interest among music-lovers
of the peninsula. These two artists
are well known exponents of the art
of song both in America and Europe.
Mme. Butt possesses a truly phe
nomenal contralto voice. Kennerley
Rumford, who in private life is the
husband of Mme Butt, is a pleasing
baritone.
The joint recital to be given by
Mme. Clara Butt and Kennerley
Ruraford in the Assembly Hall, Feb
ruary 11, has already created a great
deal of interest among music-lovers
of the peninsula. These two artists
are well known exponents of the art
of song both in America and Europe.
Mme. Butt possesses a truly phe
nomenal contralto voice. Kennerley
Rumford, who in private life is the
husband of Mme Butt, is a pleasing
baritone.
The joint recital to be given by
Mme. Clara Butt and Kennerley
Ruraford in the Assembly Hall, Feb
ruary 11, has already created a great
deal of interest among music-lovers
of the peninsula. These two artists
are well known exponents of the art
of song both in America and Europe.
Mme. Butt possesses a truly phe
nomenal contralto voice. Kennerley
Rumford, who in private life is the
husband of Mme Butt, is a pleasing
baritone.
The joint recital to be given by
Mme. Clara Butt and Kennerley
Ruraford in the Assembly Hall, Feb
ruary 11, has already created a great
deal of interest among music-lovers
of the peninsula. These two artists
are well known exponents of the art
of song both in America and Europe.
Mme. Butt possesses a truly phe
nomenal contralto voice. Kennerley
Rumford, who in private life is the
husband of Mme Butt, is a pleasing
baritone.
