# Adv. 42 Page 13
## 
### 
HOMES FOR SALE
in
COLLEGE TERRACE
A planned community
of 5 small older
houses on !4 acre with
giant oak. Fireplaces,
garages, private gardens,
common green.
From <29,900
321-8558
HOMES FOR SALE
in
COLLEGE TERRACE
A planned community
of 5 small older
houses on !4 acre with
giant oak. Fireplaces,
garages, private gardens,
common green.
From <29,900
321-8558
HOMES FOR SALE
in
COLLEGE TERRACE
A planned community
of 5 small older
houses on !4 acre with
giant oak. Fireplaces,
garages, private gardens,
common green.
From <29,900
321-8558
HOMES FOR SALE
in
COLLEGE TERRACE
A planned community
of 5 small older
houses on !4 acre with
giant oak. Fireplaces,
garages, private gardens,
common green.
From <29,900
321-8558
HOMES FOR SALE
in
COLLEGE TERRACE
A planned community
of 5 small older
houses on !4 acre with
giant oak. Fireplaces,
garages, private gardens,
common green.
From <29,900
321-8558
HOMES FOR SALE
in
COLLEGE TERRACE
A planned community
of 5 small older
houses on !4 acre with
giant oak. Fireplaces,
garages, private gardens,
common green.
From <29,900
321-8558
HOMES FOR SALE
in
COLLEGE TERRACE
A planned community
of 5 small older
houses on !4 acre with
giant oak. Fireplaces,
garages, private gardens,
common green.
From <29,900
321-8558
HOMES FOR SALE
in
COLLEGE TERRACE
A planned community
of 5 small older
houses on !4 acre with
giant oak. Fireplaces,
garages, private gardens,
common green.
From <29,900
321-8558
HOMES FOR SALE
in
COLLEGE TERRACE
A planned community
of 5 small older
houses on !4 acre with
giant oak. Fireplaces,
garages, private gardens,
common green.
From <29,900
321-8558
HOMES FOR SALE
in
COLLEGE TERRACE
A planned community
of 5 small older
houses on !4 acre with
giant oak. Fireplaces,
garages, private gardens,
common green.
From <29,900
321-8558
HOMES FOR SALE
in
COLLEGE TERRACE
A planned community
of 5 small older
houses on !4 acre with
giant oak. Fireplaces,
garages, private gardens,
common green.
From <29,900
321-8558
HOMES FOR SALE
in
COLLEGE TERRACE
A planned community
of 5 small older
houses on !4 acre with
giant oak. Fireplaces,
garages, private gardens,
common green.
From <29,900
321-8558
HOMES FOR SALE
in
COLLEGE TERRACE
A planned community
of 5 small older
houses on !4 acre with
giant oak. Fireplaces,
garages, private gardens,
common green.
From <29,900
321-8558
HOMES FOR SALE
in
COLLEGE TERRACE
A planned community
of 5 small older
houses on !4 acre with
giant oak. Fireplaces,
garages, private gardens,
common green.
From <29,900
321-8558
