# NEXT SPECTRUM
## 
### 
Submissions for the next
Daily Entertainment
Spectrum, to be printed April
4, should be received by the
entertainment editors by noon
on Tuesday, April 2.
Submissions for the next
Daily Entertainment
Spectrum, to be printed April
4, should be received by the
entertainment editors by noon
on Tuesday, April 2.
Submissions for the next
Daily Entertainment
Spectrum, to be printed April
4, should be received by the
entertainment editors by noon
on Tuesday, April 2.
Submissions for the next
Daily Entertainment
Spectrum, to be printed April
4, should be received by the
entertainment editors by noon
on Tuesday, April 2.
Submissions for the next
Daily Entertainment
Spectrum, to be printed April
4, should be received by the
entertainment editors by noon
on Tuesday, April 2.
Submissions for the next
Daily Entertainment
Spectrum, to be printed April
4, should be received by the
entertainment editors by noon
on Tuesday, April 2.
Submissions for the next
Daily Entertainment
Spectrum, to be printed April
4, should be received by the
entertainment editors by noon
on Tuesday, April 2.
Submissions for the next
Daily Entertainment
Spectrum, to be printed April
4, should be received by the
entertainment editors by noon
on Tuesday, April 2.
Submissions for the next
Daily Entertainment
Spectrum, to be printed April
4, should be received by the
entertainment editors by noon
on Tuesday, April 2.
Submissions for the next
Daily Entertainment
Spectrum, to be printed April
4, should be received by the
entertainment editors by noon
on Tuesday, April 2.
Submissions for the next
Daily Entertainment
Spectrum, to be printed April
4, should be received by the
entertainment editors by noon
on Tuesday, April 2.
Submissions for the next
Daily Entertainment
Spectrum, to be printed April
4, should be received by the
entertainment editors by noon
on Tuesday, April 2.
Submissions for the next
Daily Entertainment
Spectrum, to be printed April
4, should be received by the
entertainment editors by noon
on Tuesday, April 2.
Submissions for the next
Daily Entertainment
Spectrum, to be printed April
4, should be received by the
entertainment editors by noon
on Tuesday, April 2.
