# Chappie Lovers In Gloom Today
## 
### 
Here's to tears or laughter,
whichever you prefer. It seems
that the notorious Stanford
Chaparral will not appear to
morrow, in spite of what it
says on the "Spring Quarter So
cial Calendar.
Hammer and Cpffin Society
does not know for sure, but
hopes the next Chappie will be
issued next Wednesday. It will
be a parody 011 Holiday and ti
tled, in the inimitable Chappie
style, "Hodilay."
Here's to tears or laughter,
whichever you prefer. It seems
that the notorious Stanford
Chaparral will not appear to
morrow, in spite of what it
says on the "Spring Quarter So
cial Calendar.
Hammer and Cpffin Society
does not know for sure, but
hopes the next Chappie will be
issued next Wednesday. It will
be a parody 011 Holiday and ti
tled, in the inimitable Chappie
style, "Hodilay."
Here's to tears or laughter,
whichever you prefer. It seems
that the notorious Stanford
Chaparral will not appear to
morrow, in spite of what it
says on the "Spring Quarter So
cial Calendar.
Hammer and Cpffin Society
does not know for sure, but
hopes the next Chappie will be
issued next Wednesday. It will
be a parody 011 Holiday and ti
tled, in the inimitable Chappie
style, "Hodilay."
Here's to tears or laughter,
whichever you prefer. It seems
that the notorious Stanford
Chaparral will not appear to
morrow, in spite of what it
says on the "Spring Quarter So
cial Calendar.
Hammer and Cpffin Society
does not know for sure, but
hopes the next Chappie will be
issued next Wednesday. It will
be a parody 011 Holiday and ti
tled, in the inimitable Chappie
style, "Hodilay."
Here's to tears or laughter,
whichever you prefer. It seems
that the notorious Stanford
Chaparral will not appear to
morrow, in spite of what it
says on the "Spring Quarter So
cial Calendar.
Hammer and Cpffin Society
does not know for sure, but
hopes the next Chappie will be
issued next Wednesday. It will
be a parody 011 Holiday and ti
tled, in the inimitable Chappie
style, "Hodilay."
Here's to tears or laughter,
whichever you prefer. It seems
that the notorious Stanford
Chaparral will not appear to
morrow, in spite of what it
says on the "Spring Quarter So
cial Calendar.
Hammer and Cpffin Society
does not know for sure, but
hopes the next Chappie will be
issued next Wednesday. It will
be a parody 011 Holiday and ti
tled, in the inimitable Chappie
style, "Hodilay."
Here's to tears or laughter,
whichever you prefer. It seems
that the notorious Stanford
Chaparral will not appear to
morrow, in spite of what it
says on the "Spring Quarter So
cial Calendar.
Hammer and Cpffin Society
does not know for sure, but
hopes the next Chappie will be
issued next Wednesday. It will
be a parody 011 Holiday and ti
tled, in the inimitable Chappie
style, "Hodilay."
Here's to tears or laughter,
whichever you prefer. It seems
that the notorious Stanford
Chaparral will not appear to
morrow, in spite of what it
says on the "Spring Quarter So
cial Calendar.
Hammer and Cpffin Society
does not know for sure, but
hopes the next Chappie will be
issued next Wednesday. It will
be a parody 011 Holiday and ti
tled, in the inimitable Chappie
style, "Hodilay."
Here's to tears or laughter,
whichever you prefer. It seems
that the notorious Stanford
Chaparral will not appear to
morrow, in spite of what it
says on the "Spring Quarter So
cial Calendar.
Hammer and Cpffin Society
does not know for sure, but
hopes the next Chappie will be
issued next Wednesday. It will
be a parody 011 Holiday and ti
tled, in the inimitable Chappie
style, "Hodilay."
Here's to tears or laughter,
whichever you prefer. It seems
that the notorious Stanford
Chaparral will not appear to
morrow, in spite of what it
says on the "Spring Quarter So
cial Calendar.
Hammer and Cpffin Society
does not know for sure, but
hopes the next Chappie will be
issued next Wednesday. It will
be a parody 011 Holiday and ti
tled, in the inimitable Chappie
style, "Hodilay."
Here's to tears or laughter,
whichever you prefer. It seems
that the notorious Stanford
Chaparral will not appear to
morrow, in spite of what it
says on the "Spring Quarter So
cial Calendar.
Hammer and Cpffin Society
does not know for sure, but
hopes the next Chappie will be
issued next Wednesday. It will
be a parody 011 Holiday and ti
tled, in the inimitable Chappie
style, "Hodilay."
Here's to tears or laughter,
whichever you prefer. It seems
that the notorious Stanford
Chaparral will not appear to
morrow, in spite of what it
says on the "Spring Quarter So
cial Calendar.
Hammer and Cpffin Society
does not know for sure, but
hopes the next Chappie will be
issued next Wednesday. It will
be a parody 011 Holiday and ti
tled, in the inimitable Chappie
style, "Hodilay."
Here's to tears or laughter,
whichever you prefer. It seems
that the notorious Stanford
Chaparral will not appear to
morrow, in spite of what it
says on the "Spring Quarter So
cial Calendar.
Hammer and Cpffin Society
does not know for sure, but
hopes the next Chappie will be
issued next Wednesday. It will
be a parody 011 Holiday and ti
tled, in the inimitable Chappie
style, "Hodilay."
Here's to tears or laughter,
whichever you prefer. It seems
that the notorious Stanford
Chaparral will not appear to
morrow, in spite of what it
says on the "Spring Quarter So
cial Calendar.
Hammer and Cpffin Society
does not know for sure, but
hopes the next Chappie will be
issued next Wednesday. It will
be a parody 011 Holiday and ti
tled, in the inimitable Chappie
style, "Hodilay."
Here's to tears or laughter,
whichever you prefer. It seems
that the notorious Stanford
Chaparral will not appear to
morrow, in spite of what it
says on the "Spring Quarter So
cial Calendar.
Hammer and Cpffin Society
does not know for sure, but
hopes the next Chappie will be
issued next Wednesday. It will
be a parody 011 Holiday and ti
tled, in the inimitable Chappie
style, "Hodilay."
Here's to tears or laughter,
whichever you prefer. It seems
that the notorious Stanford
Chaparral will not appear to
morrow, in spite of what it
says on the "Spring Quarter So
cial Calendar.
Hammer and Cpffin Society
does not know for sure, but
hopes the next Chappie will be
issued next Wednesday. It will
be a parody 011 Holiday and ti
tled, in the inimitable Chappie
style, "Hodilay."
