# STANFORD DAMES TO MEET
## 
### 
The Stanford Dames will elect, and
install officers at a meeting tonight
at 7:45 in the upper lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The Stanford Dames will elect, and
install officers at a meeting tonight
at 7:45 in the upper lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The Stanford Dames will elect, and
install officers at a meeting tonight
at 7:45 in the upper lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The Stanford Dames will elect, and
install officers at a meeting tonight
at 7:45 in the upper lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The Stanford Dames will elect, and
install officers at a meeting tonight
at 7:45 in the upper lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The Stanford Dames will elect, and
install officers at a meeting tonight
at 7:45 in the upper lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The Stanford Dames will elect, and
install officers at a meeting tonight
at 7:45 in the upper lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The Stanford Dames will elect, and
install officers at a meeting tonight
at 7:45 in the upper lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The Stanford Dames will elect, and
install officers at a meeting tonight
at 7:45 in the upper lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The Stanford Dames will elect, and
install officers at a meeting tonight
at 7:45 in the upper lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The Stanford Dames will elect, and
install officers at a meeting tonight
at 7:45 in the upper lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The Stanford Dames will elect, and
install officers at a meeting tonight
at 7:45 in the upper lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The Stanford Dames will elect, and
install officers at a meeting tonight
at 7:45 in the upper lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The Stanford Dames will elect, and
install officers at a meeting tonight
at 7:45 in the upper lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
