# Sponsors Are Sought For Autumn Reg Dance
## 
### 
Applications for the Fall Quarter
Registration Dance will ho accepted
at the ASSU office through May 14.
Students may contact Jeanie Bobis
for details.
Applications for the Fall Quarter
Registration Dance will ho accepted
at the ASSU office through May 14.
Students may contact Jeanie Bobis
for details.
Applications for the Fall Quarter
Registration Dance will ho accepted
at the ASSU office through May 14.
Students may contact Jeanie Bobis
for details.
Applications for the Fall Quarter
Registration Dance will ho accepted
at the ASSU office through May 14.
Students may contact Jeanie Bobis
for details.
Applications for the Fall Quarter
Registration Dance will ho accepted
at the ASSU office through May 14.
Students may contact Jeanie Bobis
for details.
Applications for the Fall Quarter
Registration Dance will ho accepted
at the ASSU office through May 14.
Students may contact Jeanie Bobis
for details.
Applications for the Fall Quarter
Registration Dance will ho accepted
at the ASSU office through May 14.
Students may contact Jeanie Bobis
for details.
Applications for the Fall Quarter
Registration Dance will ho accepted
at the ASSU office through May 14.
Students may contact Jeanie Bobis
for details.
Applications for the Fall Quarter
Registration Dance will ho accepted
at the ASSU office through May 14.
Students may contact Jeanie Bobis
for details.
Applications for the Fall Quarter
Registration Dance will ho accepted
at the ASSU office through May 14.
Students may contact Jeanie Bobis
for details.
Applications for the Fall Quarter
Registration Dance will ho accepted
at the ASSU office through May 14.
Students may contact Jeanie Bobis
for details.
Applications for the Fall Quarter
Registration Dance will ho accepted
at the ASSU office through May 14.
Students may contact Jeanie Bobis
for details.
Applications for the Fall Quarter
Registration Dance will ho accepted
at the ASSU office through May 14.
Students may contact Jeanie Bobis
for details.
Applications for the Fall Quarter
Registration Dance will ho accepted
at the ASSU office through May 14.
Students may contact Jeanie Bobis
for details.
