# Pre-Meds to Visit Cal Medical School
## 
### 
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical anrl pie-nursing fraternity,
will visit the University of Califor
nia School of Medicine this after
noon anrl tomorrow afternoon.
Leaving Bowman Alumni House at
2 p.m., both days, the tours are cx
pected to last around four hours.
These trips will conclude this
spring's Sigma Phi Sigma medical
school tours.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical anrl pie-nursing fraternity,
will visit the University of Califor
nia School of Medicine this after
noon anrl tomorrow afternoon.
Leaving Bowman Alumni House at
2 p.m., both days, the tours are cx
pected to last around four hours.
These trips will conclude this
spring's Sigma Phi Sigma medical
school tours.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical anrl pie-nursing fraternity,
will visit the University of Califor
nia School of Medicine this after
noon anrl tomorrow afternoon.
Leaving Bowman Alumni House at
2 p.m., both days, the tours are cx
pected to last around four hours.
These trips will conclude this
spring's Sigma Phi Sigma medical
school tours.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical anrl pie-nursing fraternity,
will visit the University of Califor
nia School of Medicine this after
noon anrl tomorrow afternoon.
Leaving Bowman Alumni House at
2 p.m., both days, the tours are cx
pected to last around four hours.
These trips will conclude this
spring's Sigma Phi Sigma medical
school tours.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical anrl pie-nursing fraternity,
will visit the University of Califor
nia School of Medicine this after
noon anrl tomorrow afternoon.
Leaving Bowman Alumni House at
2 p.m., both days, the tours are cx
pected to last around four hours.
These trips will conclude this
spring's Sigma Phi Sigma medical
school tours.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical anrl pie-nursing fraternity,
will visit the University of Califor
nia School of Medicine this after
noon anrl tomorrow afternoon.
Leaving Bowman Alumni House at
2 p.m., both days, the tours are cx
pected to last around four hours.
These trips will conclude this
spring's Sigma Phi Sigma medical
school tours.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical anrl pie-nursing fraternity,
will visit the University of Califor
nia School of Medicine this after
noon anrl tomorrow afternoon.
Leaving Bowman Alumni House at
2 p.m., both days, the tours are cx
pected to last around four hours.
These trips will conclude this
spring's Sigma Phi Sigma medical
school tours.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical anrl pie-nursing fraternity,
will visit the University of Califor
nia School of Medicine this after
noon anrl tomorrow afternoon.
Leaving Bowman Alumni House at
2 p.m., both days, the tours are cx
pected to last around four hours.
These trips will conclude this
spring's Sigma Phi Sigma medical
school tours.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical anrl pie-nursing fraternity,
will visit the University of Califor
nia School of Medicine this after
noon anrl tomorrow afternoon.
Leaving Bowman Alumni House at
2 p.m., both days, the tours are cx
pected to last around four hours.
These trips will conclude this
spring's Sigma Phi Sigma medical
school tours.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical anrl pie-nursing fraternity,
will visit the University of Califor
nia School of Medicine this after
noon anrl tomorrow afternoon.
Leaving Bowman Alumni House at
2 p.m., both days, the tours are cx
pected to last around four hours.
These trips will conclude this
spring's Sigma Phi Sigma medical
school tours.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical anrl pie-nursing fraternity,
will visit the University of Califor
nia School of Medicine this after
noon anrl tomorrow afternoon.
Leaving Bowman Alumni House at
2 p.m., both days, the tours are cx
pected to last around four hours.
These trips will conclude this
spring's Sigma Phi Sigma medical
school tours.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical anrl pie-nursing fraternity,
will visit the University of Califor
nia School of Medicine this after
noon anrl tomorrow afternoon.
Leaving Bowman Alumni House at
2 p.m., both days, the tours are cx
pected to last around four hours.
These trips will conclude this
spring's Sigma Phi Sigma medical
school tours.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical anrl pie-nursing fraternity,
will visit the University of Califor
nia School of Medicine this after
noon anrl tomorrow afternoon.
Leaving Bowman Alumni House at
2 p.m., both days, the tours are cx
pected to last around four hours.
These trips will conclude this
spring's Sigma Phi Sigma medical
school tours.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical anrl pie-nursing fraternity,
will visit the University of Califor
nia School of Medicine this after
noon anrl tomorrow afternoon.
Leaving Bowman Alumni House at
2 p.m., both days, the tours are cx
pected to last around four hours.
These trips will conclude this
spring's Sigma Phi Sigma medical
school tours.
