# Adv. 7 Page 4
## 
### 
Contributions
The Daily welcomes letters and
columrvs from its readers. All
submitted items must be typed,
doubte-spaced, on a 57-space line.
Letters should not"exceed 20 lines
and columns should not exceed HO
lines.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes letters and
columrvs from its readers. All
submitted items must be typed,
doubte-spaced, on a 57-space line.
Letters should not"exceed 20 lines
and columns should not exceed HO
lines.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes letters and
columrvs from its readers. All
submitted items must be typed,
doubte-spaced, on a 57-space line.
Letters should not"exceed 20 lines
and columns should not exceed HO
lines.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes letters and
columrvs from its readers. All
submitted items must be typed,
doubte-spaced, on a 57-space line.
Letters should not"exceed 20 lines
and columns should not exceed HO
lines.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes letters and
columrvs from its readers. All
submitted items must be typed,
doubte-spaced, on a 57-space line.
Letters should not"exceed 20 lines
and columns should not exceed HO
lines.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes letters and
columrvs from its readers. All
submitted items must be typed,
doubte-spaced, on a 57-space line.
Letters should not"exceed 20 lines
and columns should not exceed HO
lines.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes letters and
columrvs from its readers. All
submitted items must be typed,
doubte-spaced, on a 57-space line.
Letters should not"exceed 20 lines
and columns should not exceed HO
lines.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes letters and
columrvs from its readers. All
submitted items must be typed,
doubte-spaced, on a 57-space line.
Letters should not"exceed 20 lines
and columns should not exceed HO
lines.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes letters and
columrvs from its readers. All
submitted items must be typed,
doubte-spaced, on a 57-space line.
Letters should not"exceed 20 lines
and columns should not exceed HO
lines.
