# Dean Bradford Tells Women New Plans
## 
### 
Stanford women were Riven the new
rules which will be in force this year
at a general meeting last night. Three
basic principles were laid down which
are (1) that the ten-thiry rule for Uni
versity women shall be extended to
cover Friday, Saturday, and Sunday
evenings with the single exception of
attendance at dances on the campus;
(2) that University women shall not
ride in automobiles after dark; (3)
that University women shall not walk
in the hills after dark. These regu
lations will be taken up by the
Women's Council. Hut whether or not
the Council acts upon these matters,
the three rules laid down are to be in
force from now on.
President. Wilbur was to have
spoken at this meeting, but was un
able to attend. In his absence Miss
Bradford voiced some of his senti
ments. "We must expect the life of
the students to be correct, in order
that there will be no criticism of the
universities and colleges."
