# Accident Is Fatal to U.C. Freshman Football Player
## 
### 
Football's first victim of the season
was claimed yesterday at the Univer
sity of California, when George
Blewett, a member of the freshman
football team, died from a blood clot
on the brain as a result of an injury
received in a game with the United
States Navy Yeoman Shcool.
Blewett is well known here to stu
dents from the southern part of the
state, as his residence was in Ana
heim. The deceased and his brother
James starred on the freshman squad,
and his remains were accompanied
south by members of the squad and of
the Delta Upsilon fraternity, of which
he was a member.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
the university stated that Blewett's
death would not affect the future of
American football at California. He
said that while the casualty was deep
ly regretted, it was an unavoidable
accident, and could not be helped.
Football's first victim of the season
was claimed yesterday at the Univer
sity of California, when George
Blewett, a member of the freshman
football team, died from a blood clot
on the brain as a result of an injury
received in a game with the United
States Navy Yeoman Shcool.
Blewett is well known here to stu
dents from the southern part of the
state, as his residence was in Ana
heim. The deceased and his brother
James starred on the freshman squad,
and his remains were accompanied
south by members of the squad and of
the Delta Upsilon fraternity, of which
he was a member.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
the university stated that Blewett's
death would not affect the future of
American football at California. He
said that while the casualty was deep
ly regretted, it was an unavoidable
accident, and could not be helped.
Football's first victim of the season
was claimed yesterday at the Univer
sity of California, when George
Blewett, a member of the freshman
football team, died from a blood clot
on the brain as a result of an injury
received in a game with the United
States Navy Yeoman Shcool.
Blewett is well known here to stu
dents from the southern part of the
state, as his residence was in Ana
heim. The deceased and his brother
James starred on the freshman squad,
and his remains were accompanied
south by members of the squad and of
the Delta Upsilon fraternity, of which
he was a member.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
the university stated that Blewett's
death would not affect the future of
American football at California. He
said that while the casualty was deep
ly regretted, it was an unavoidable
accident, and could not be helped.
Football's first victim of the season
was claimed yesterday at the Univer
sity of California, when George
Blewett, a member of the freshman
football team, died from a blood clot
on the brain as a result of an injury
received in a game with the United
States Navy Yeoman Shcool.
Blewett is well known here to stu
dents from the southern part of the
state, as his residence was in Ana
heim. The deceased and his brother
James starred on the freshman squad,
and his remains were accompanied
south by members of the squad and of
the Delta Upsilon fraternity, of which
he was a member.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
the university stated that Blewett's
death would not affect the future of
American football at California. He
said that while the casualty was deep
ly regretted, it was an unavoidable
accident, and could not be helped.
Football's first victim of the season
was claimed yesterday at the Univer
sity of California, when George
Blewett, a member of the freshman
football team, died from a blood clot
on the brain as a result of an injury
received in a game with the United
States Navy Yeoman Shcool.
Blewett is well known here to stu
dents from the southern part of the
state, as his residence was in Ana
heim. The deceased and his brother
James starred on the freshman squad,
and his remains were accompanied
south by members of the squad and of
the Delta Upsilon fraternity, of which
he was a member.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
the university stated that Blewett's
death would not affect the future of
American football at California. He
said that while the casualty was deep
ly regretted, it was an unavoidable
accident, and could not be helped.
Football's first victim of the season
was claimed yesterday at the Univer
sity of California, when George
Blewett, a member of the freshman
football team, died from a blood clot
on the brain as a result of an injury
received in a game with the United
States Navy Yeoman Shcool.
Blewett is well known here to stu
dents from the southern part of the
state, as his residence was in Ana
heim. The deceased and his brother
James starred on the freshman squad,
and his remains were accompanied
south by members of the squad and of
the Delta Upsilon fraternity, of which
he was a member.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
the university stated that Blewett's
death would not affect the future of
American football at California. He
said that while the casualty was deep
ly regretted, it was an unavoidable
accident, and could not be helped.
Football's first victim of the season
was claimed yesterday at the Univer
sity of California, when George
Blewett, a member of the freshman
football team, died from a blood clot
on the brain as a result of an injury
received in a game with the United
States Navy Yeoman Shcool.
Blewett is well known here to stu
dents from the southern part of the
state, as his residence was in Ana
heim. The deceased and his brother
James starred on the freshman squad,
and his remains were accompanied
south by members of the squad and of
the Delta Upsilon fraternity, of which
he was a member.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
the university stated that Blewett's
death would not affect the future of
American football at California. He
said that while the casualty was deep
ly regretted, it was an unavoidable
accident, and could not be helped.
Football's first victim of the season
was claimed yesterday at the Univer
sity of California, when George
Blewett, a member of the freshman
football team, died from a blood clot
on the brain as a result of an injury
received in a game with the United
States Navy Yeoman Shcool.
Blewett is well known here to stu
dents from the southern part of the
state, as his residence was in Ana
heim. The deceased and his brother
James starred on the freshman squad,
and his remains were accompanied
south by members of the squad and of
the Delta Upsilon fraternity, of which
he was a member.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
the university stated that Blewett's
death would not affect the future of
American football at California. He
said that while the casualty was deep
ly regretted, it was an unavoidable
accident, and could not be helped.
Football's first victim of the season
was claimed yesterday at the Univer
sity of California, when George
Blewett, a member of the freshman
football team, died from a blood clot
on the brain as a result of an injury
received in a game with the United
States Navy Yeoman Shcool.
Blewett is well known here to stu
dents from the southern part of the
state, as his residence was in Ana
heim. The deceased and his brother
James starred on the freshman squad,
and his remains were accompanied
south by members of the squad and of
the Delta Upsilon fraternity, of which
he was a member.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
the university stated that Blewett's
death would not affect the future of
American football at California. He
said that while the casualty was deep
ly regretted, it was an unavoidable
accident, and could not be helped.
Football's first victim of the season
was claimed yesterday at the Univer
sity of California, when George
Blewett, a member of the freshman
football team, died from a blood clot
on the brain as a result of an injury
received in a game with the United
States Navy Yeoman Shcool.
Blewett is well known here to stu
dents from the southern part of the
state, as his residence was in Ana
heim. The deceased and his brother
James starred on the freshman squad,
and his remains were accompanied
south by members of the squad and of
the Delta Upsilon fraternity, of which
he was a member.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
the university stated that Blewett's
death would not affect the future of
American football at California. He
said that while the casualty was deep
ly regretted, it was an unavoidable
accident, and could not be helped.
Football's first victim of the season
was claimed yesterday at the Univer
sity of California, when George
Blewett, a member of the freshman
football team, died from a blood clot
on the brain as a result of an injury
received in a game with the United
States Navy Yeoman Shcool.
Blewett is well known here to stu
dents from the southern part of the
state, as his residence was in Ana
heim. The deceased and his brother
James starred on the freshman squad,
and his remains were accompanied
south by members of the squad and of
the Delta Upsilon fraternity, of which
he was a member.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
the university stated that Blewett's
death would not affect the future of
American football at California. He
said that while the casualty was deep
ly regretted, it was an unavoidable
accident, and could not be helped.
Football's first victim of the season
was claimed yesterday at the Univer
sity of California, when George
Blewett, a member of the freshman
football team, died from a blood clot
on the brain as a result of an injury
received in a game with the United
States Navy Yeoman Shcool.
Blewett is well known here to stu
dents from the southern part of the
state, as his residence was in Ana
heim. The deceased and his brother
James starred on the freshman squad,
and his remains were accompanied
south by members of the squad and of
the Delta Upsilon fraternity, of which
he was a member.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
the university stated that Blewett's
death would not affect the future of
American football at California. He
said that while the casualty was deep
ly regretted, it was an unavoidable
accident, and could not be helped.
Football's first victim of the season
was claimed yesterday at the Univer
sity of California, when George
Blewett, a member of the freshman
football team, died from a blood clot
on the brain as a result of an injury
received in a game with the United
States Navy Yeoman Shcool.
Blewett is well known here to stu
dents from the southern part of the
state, as his residence was in Ana
heim. The deceased and his brother
James starred on the freshman squad,
and his remains were accompanied
south by members of the squad and of
the Delta Upsilon fraternity, of which
he was a member.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
the university stated that Blewett's
death would not affect the future of
American football at California. He
said that while the casualty was deep
ly regretted, it was an unavoidable
accident, and could not be helped.
Football's first victim of the season
was claimed yesterday at the Univer
sity of California, when George
Blewett, a member of the freshman
football team, died from a blood clot
on the brain as a result of an injury
received in a game with the United
States Navy Yeoman Shcool.
Blewett is well known here to stu
dents from the southern part of the
state, as his residence was in Ana
heim. The deceased and his brother
James starred on the freshman squad,
and his remains were accompanied
south by members of the squad and of
the Delta Upsilon fraternity, of which
he was a member.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
the university stated that Blewett's
death would not affect the future of
American football at California. He
said that while the casualty was deep
ly regretted, it was an unavoidable
accident, and could not be helped.
Football's first victim of the season
was claimed yesterday at the Univer
sity of California, when George
Blewett, a member of the freshman
football team, died from a blood clot
on the brain as a result of an injury
received in a game with the United
States Navy Yeoman Shcool.
Blewett is well known here to stu
dents from the southern part of the
state, as his residence was in Ana
heim. The deceased and his brother
James starred on the freshman squad,
and his remains were accompanied
south by members of the squad and of
the Delta Upsilon fraternity, of which
he was a member.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
the university stated that Blewett's
death would not affect the future of
American football at California. He
said that while the casualty was deep
ly regretted, it was an unavoidable
accident, and could not be helped.
