# Meeting of Unitarian Club.
## 
### 
The annual meeting of the Uni
tarian Club will take place this
evening at the Merchants' Club,
San Francisco. Dinner will be
served at 6:30 and the club will
have as its guests many prominent
members of the Stanford faculty.
Dr. Jordan will respond to a toast
on "The Warrior's Way," which is
an explanation of Japan'B military
prowess. Prof. W. F. Durand will
speak on "Engineering as a Factor
in Human Progress," and Professor
Dennis will talk on "Continuous
Voyages," a discussion of contra
band shipping as related to inter
national law. Other members of
the faculty who will be present are:
C. D. Marx, Nathan Abbott, J. M.
Stillman, C. A. Duniway, B. D.
Adams, A. T. Murray, H. W.Rolfe,
R. M. Alden, W. R. Dudley, H. R.
Fairclough, Fernando Sanford, C.
B. Wing, L. M. Hoskins, D. H.
Campbell, and O. L. Elliott.
The annual meeting of the Uni
tarian Club will take place this
evening at the Merchants' Club,
San Francisco. Dinner will be
served at 6:30 and the club will
have as its guests many prominent
members of the Stanford faculty.
Dr. Jordan will respond to a toast
on "The Warrior's Way," which is
an explanation of Japan'B military
prowess. Prof. W. F. Durand will
speak on "Engineering as a Factor
in Human Progress," and Professor
Dennis will talk on "Continuous
Voyages," a discussion of contra
band shipping as related to inter
national law. Other members of
the faculty who will be present are:
C. D. Marx, Nathan Abbott, J. M.
Stillman, C. A. Duniway, B. D.
Adams, A. T. Murray, H. W.Rolfe,
R. M. Alden, W. R. Dudley, H. R.
Fairclough, Fernando Sanford, C.
B. Wing, L. M. Hoskins, D. H.
Campbell, and O. L. Elliott.
The annual meeting of the Uni
tarian Club will take place this
evening at the Merchants' Club,
San Francisco. Dinner will be
served at 6:30 and the club will
have as its guests many prominent
members of the Stanford faculty.
Dr. Jordan will respond to a toast
on "The Warrior's Way," which is
an explanation of Japan'B military
prowess. Prof. W. F. Durand will
speak on "Engineering as a Factor
in Human Progress," and Professor
Dennis will talk on "Continuous
Voyages," a discussion of contra
band shipping as related to inter
national law. Other members of
the faculty who will be present are:
C. D. Marx, Nathan Abbott, J. M.
Stillman, C. A. Duniway, B. D.
Adams, A. T. Murray, H. W.Rolfe,
R. M. Alden, W. R. Dudley, H. R.
Fairclough, Fernando Sanford, C.
B. Wing, L. M. Hoskins, D. H.
Campbell, and O. L. Elliott.
The annual meeting of the Uni
tarian Club will take place this
evening at the Merchants' Club,
San Francisco. Dinner will be
served at 6:30 and the club will
have as its guests many prominent
members of the Stanford faculty.
Dr. Jordan will respond to a toast
on "The Warrior's Way," which is
an explanation of Japan'B military
prowess. Prof. W. F. Durand will
speak on "Engineering as a Factor
in Human Progress," and Professor
Dennis will talk on "Continuous
Voyages," a discussion of contra
band shipping as related to inter
national law. Other members of
the faculty who will be present are:
C. D. Marx, Nathan Abbott, J. M.
Stillman, C. A. Duniway, B. D.
Adams, A. T. Murray, H. W.Rolfe,
R. M. Alden, W. R. Dudley, H. R.
Fairclough, Fernando Sanford, C.
B. Wing, L. M. Hoskins, D. H.
Campbell, and O. L. Elliott.
The annual meeting of the Uni
tarian Club will take place this
evening at the Merchants' Club,
San Francisco. Dinner will be
served at 6:30 and the club will
have as its guests many prominent
members of the Stanford faculty.
Dr. Jordan will respond to a toast
on "The Warrior's Way," which is
an explanation of Japan'B military
prowess. Prof. W. F. Durand will
speak on "Engineering as a Factor
in Human Progress," and Professor
Dennis will talk on "Continuous
Voyages," a discussion of contra
band shipping as related to inter
national law. Other members of
the faculty who will be present are:
C. D. Marx, Nathan Abbott, J. M.
Stillman, C. A. Duniway, B. D.
Adams, A. T. Murray, H. W.Rolfe,
R. M. Alden, W. R. Dudley, H. R.
Fairclough, Fernando Sanford, C.
B. Wing, L. M. Hoskins, D. H.
Campbell, and O. L. Elliott.
The annual meeting of the Uni
tarian Club will take place this
evening at the Merchants' Club,
San Francisco. Dinner will be
served at 6:30 and the club will
have as its guests many prominent
members of the Stanford faculty.
Dr. Jordan will respond to a toast
on "The Warrior's Way," which is
an explanation of Japan'B military
prowess. Prof. W. F. Durand will
speak on "Engineering as a Factor
in Human Progress," and Professor
Dennis will talk on "Continuous
Voyages," a discussion of contra
band shipping as related to inter
national law. Other members of
the faculty who will be present are:
C. D. Marx, Nathan Abbott, J. M.
Stillman, C. A. Duniway, B. D.
Adams, A. T. Murray, H. W.Rolfe,
R. M. Alden, W. R. Dudley, H. R.
Fairclough, Fernando Sanford, C.
B. Wing, L. M. Hoskins, D. H.
Campbell, and O. L. Elliott.
The annual meeting of the Uni
tarian Club will take place this
evening at the Merchants' Club,
San Francisco. Dinner will be
served at 6:30 and the club will
have as its guests many prominent
members of the Stanford faculty.
Dr. Jordan will respond to a toast
on "The Warrior's Way," which is
an explanation of Japan'B military
prowess. Prof. W. F. Durand will
speak on "Engineering as a Factor
in Human Progress," and Professor
Dennis will talk on "Continuous
Voyages," a discussion of contra
band shipping as related to inter
national law. Other members of
the faculty who will be present are:
C. D. Marx, Nathan Abbott, J. M.
Stillman, C. A. Duniway, B. D.
Adams, A. T. Murray, H. W.Rolfe,
R. M. Alden, W. R. Dudley, H. R.
Fairclough, Fernando Sanford, C.
B. Wing, L. M. Hoskins, D. H.
Campbell, and O. L. Elliott.
The annual meeting of the Uni
tarian Club will take place this
evening at the Merchants' Club,
San Francisco. Dinner will be
served at 6:30 and the club will
have as its guests many prominent
members of the Stanford faculty.
Dr. Jordan will respond to a toast
on "The Warrior's Way," which is
an explanation of Japan'B military
prowess. Prof. W. F. Durand will
speak on "Engineering as a Factor
in Human Progress," and Professor
Dennis will talk on "Continuous
Voyages," a discussion of contra
band shipping as related to inter
national law. Other members of
the faculty who will be present are:
C. D. Marx, Nathan Abbott, J. M.
Stillman, C. A. Duniway, B. D.
Adams, A. T. Murray, H. W.Rolfe,
R. M. Alden, W. R. Dudley, H. R.
Fairclough, Fernando Sanford, C.
B. Wing, L. M. Hoskins, D. H.
Campbell, and O. L. Elliott.
