# Adv. 35 Page 6
## 
### 
PAPERBACKS
MAGAZINES
We carry a large selection of
paperbacks, both popular and
"high brow." We also feature
magazines from Europe, in
cluding Punch, Manchester
Guardian, Realities, and cy
cling and motor mags from
England.
DROP IN AND BROWSE
WE'RE FRIENDLY
NOTE—Your Student Body Card
opens a charge account for you
automatically,
STANFORD DRUG. CO
320 California Ave., Palo Alto
321-4711
(A mile south of the stadium)
PAPERBACKS
MAGAZINES
We carry a large selection of
paperbacks, both popular and
"high brow." We also feature
magazines from Europe, in
cluding Punch, Manchester
Guardian, Realities, and cy
cling and motor mags from
England.
DROP IN AND BROWSE
WE'RE FRIENDLY
NOTE—Your Student Body Card
opens a charge account for you
automatically,
STANFORD DRUG. CO
320 California Ave., Palo Alto
321-4711
(A mile south of the stadium)
PAPERBACKS
MAGAZINES
We carry a large selection of
paperbacks, both popular and
"high brow." We also feature
magazines from Europe, in
cluding Punch, Manchester
Guardian, Realities, and cy
cling and motor mags from
England.
DROP IN AND BROWSE
WE'RE FRIENDLY
NOTE—Your Student Body Card
opens a charge account for you
automatically,
STANFORD DRUG. CO
320 California Ave., Palo Alto
321-4711
(A mile south of the stadium)
PAPERBACKS
MAGAZINES
We carry a large selection of
paperbacks, both popular and
"high brow." We also feature
magazines from Europe, in
cluding Punch, Manchester
Guardian, Realities, and cy
cling and motor mags from
England.
DROP IN AND BROWSE
WE'RE FRIENDLY
NOTE—Your Student Body Card
opens a charge account for you
automatically,
STANFORD DRUG. CO
320 California Ave., Palo Alto
321-4711
(A mile south of the stadium)
PAPERBACKS
MAGAZINES
We carry a large selection of
paperbacks, both popular and
"high brow." We also feature
magazines from Europe, in
cluding Punch, Manchester
Guardian, Realities, and cy
cling and motor mags from
England.
DROP IN AND BROWSE
WE'RE FRIENDLY
NOTE—Your Student Body Card
opens a charge account for you
automatically,
STANFORD DRUG. CO
320 California Ave., Palo Alto
321-4711
(A mile south of the stadium)
PAPERBACKS
MAGAZINES
We carry a large selection of
paperbacks, both popular and
"high brow." We also feature
magazines from Europe, in
cluding Punch, Manchester
Guardian, Realities, and cy
cling and motor mags from
England.
DROP IN AND BROWSE
WE'RE FRIENDLY
NOTE—Your Student Body Card
opens a charge account for you
automatically,
STANFORD DRUG. CO
320 California Ave., Palo Alto
321-4711
(A mile south of the stadium)
PAPERBACKS
MAGAZINES
We carry a large selection of
paperbacks, both popular and
"high brow." We also feature
magazines from Europe, in
cluding Punch, Manchester
Guardian, Realities, and cy
cling and motor mags from
England.
DROP IN AND BROWSE
WE'RE FRIENDLY
NOTE—Your Student Body Card
opens a charge account for you
automatically,
STANFORD DRUG. CO
320 California Ave., Palo Alto
321-4711
(A mile south of the stadium)
PAPERBACKS
MAGAZINES
We carry a large selection of
paperbacks, both popular and
"high brow." We also feature
magazines from Europe, in
cluding Punch, Manchester
Guardian, Realities, and cy
cling and motor mags from
England.
DROP IN AND BROWSE
WE'RE FRIENDLY
NOTE—Your Student Body Card
opens a charge account for you
automatically,
STANFORD DRUG. CO
320 California Ave., Palo Alto
321-4711
(A mile south of the stadium)
PAPERBACKS
MAGAZINES
We carry a large selection of
paperbacks, both popular and
"high brow." We also feature
magazines from Europe, in
cluding Punch, Manchester
Guardian, Realities, and cy
cling and motor mags from
England.
DROP IN AND BROWSE
WE'RE FRIENDLY
NOTE—Your Student Body Card
opens a charge account for you
automatically,
STANFORD DRUG. CO
320 California Ave., Palo Alto
321-4711
(A mile south of the stadium)
PAPERBACKS
MAGAZINES
We carry a large selection of
paperbacks, both popular and
"high brow." We also feature
magazines from Europe, in
cluding Punch, Manchester
Guardian, Realities, and cy
cling and motor mags from
England.
DROP IN AND BROWSE
WE'RE FRIENDLY
NOTE—Your Student Body Card
opens a charge account for you
automatically,
STANFORD DRUG. CO
320 California Ave., Palo Alto
321-4711
(A mile south of the stadium)
PAPERBACKS
MAGAZINES
We carry a large selection of
paperbacks, both popular and
"high brow." We also feature
magazines from Europe, in
cluding Punch, Manchester
Guardian, Realities, and cy
cling and motor mags from
England.
DROP IN AND BROWSE
WE'RE FRIENDLY
NOTE—Your Student Body Card
opens a charge account for you
automatically,
STANFORD DRUG. CO
320 California Ave., Palo Alto
321-4711
(A mile south of the stadium)
PAPERBACKS
MAGAZINES
We carry a large selection of
paperbacks, both popular and
"high brow." We also feature
magazines from Europe, in
cluding Punch, Manchester
Guardian, Realities, and cy
cling and motor mags from
England.
DROP IN AND BROWSE
WE'RE FRIENDLY
NOTE—Your Student Body Card
opens a charge account for you
automatically,
STANFORD DRUG. CO
320 California Ave., Palo Alto
321-4711
(A mile south of the stadium)
PAPERBACKS
MAGAZINES
We carry a large selection of
paperbacks, both popular and
"high brow." We also feature
magazines from Europe, in
cluding Punch, Manchester
Guardian, Realities, and cy
cling and motor mags from
England.
DROP IN AND BROWSE
WE'RE FRIENDLY
NOTE—Your Student Body Card
opens a charge account for you
automatically,
STANFORD DRUG. CO
320 California Ave., Palo Alto
321-4711
(A mile south of the stadium)
PAPERBACKS
MAGAZINES
We carry a large selection of
paperbacks, both popular and
"high brow." We also feature
magazines from Europe, in
cluding Punch, Manchester
Guardian, Realities, and cy
cling and motor mags from
England.
DROP IN AND BROWSE
WE'RE FRIENDLY
NOTE—Your Student Body Card
opens a charge account for you
automatically,
STANFORD DRUG. CO
320 California Ave., Palo Alto
321-4711
(A mile south of the stadium)
PAPERBACKS
MAGAZINES
We carry a large selection of
paperbacks, both popular and
"high brow." We also feature
magazines from Europe, in
cluding Punch, Manchester
Guardian, Realities, and cy
cling and motor mags from
England.
DROP IN AND BROWSE
WE'RE FRIENDLY
NOTE—Your Student Body Card
opens a charge account for you
automatically,
STANFORD DRUG. CO
320 California Ave., Palo Alto
321-4711
(A mile south of the stadium)
