# The 						Symphony Concert.
## 
### 
According to all indications the
concert of the Chicago Symphony
Orchestra next Thursday afternoon
is going to be a musical treat of
the highest order. Dr. Goebel has
been asked to arrange the program
for the concert, and he will make
up a program composed of the
very best music. Among the num
bers will be Beethoven's Leonore
Overture No. 3, Schubert's un
finished Symphony, Liszt's Sym
phonic poem "Preludes,"and Wag
ner's "Waldweben" from Siegfrid.
The soloists will be Madam Linne,
the famous soprano, and Mr Van
Vardt, the great violinist. The ad
mission will be only fifty cents.
Tickets are for sale at the Book
store and the drugstores, Palo
Alto.
According to all indications the
concert of the Chicago Symphony
Orchestra next Thursday afternoon
is going to be a musical treat of
the highest order. Dr. Goebel has
been asked to arrange the program
for the concert, and he will make
up a program composed of the
very best music. Among the num
bers will be Beethoven's Leonore
Overture No. 3, Schubert's un
finished Symphony, Liszt's Sym
phonic poem "Preludes,"and Wag
ner's "Waldweben" from Siegfrid.
The soloists will be Madam Linne,
the famous soprano, and Mr Van
Vardt, the great violinist. The ad
mission will be only fifty cents.
Tickets are for sale at the Book
store and the drugstores, Palo
Alto.
According to all indications the
concert of the Chicago Symphony
Orchestra next Thursday afternoon
is going to be a musical treat of
the highest order. Dr. Goebel has
been asked to arrange the program
for the concert, and he will make
up a program composed of the
very best music. Among the num
bers will be Beethoven's Leonore
Overture No. 3, Schubert's un
finished Symphony, Liszt's Sym
phonic poem "Preludes,"and Wag
ner's "Waldweben" from Siegfrid.
The soloists will be Madam Linne,
the famous soprano, and Mr Van
Vardt, the great violinist. The ad
mission will be only fifty cents.
Tickets are for sale at the Book
store and the drugstores, Palo
Alto.
According to all indications the
concert of the Chicago Symphony
Orchestra next Thursday afternoon
is going to be a musical treat of
the highest order. Dr. Goebel has
been asked to arrange the program
for the concert, and he will make
up a program composed of the
very best music. Among the num
bers will be Beethoven's Leonore
Overture No. 3, Schubert's un
finished Symphony, Liszt's Sym
phonic poem "Preludes,"and Wag
ner's "Waldweben" from Siegfrid.
The soloists will be Madam Linne,
the famous soprano, and Mr Van
Vardt, the great violinist. The ad
mission will be only fifty cents.
Tickets are for sale at the Book
store and the drugstores, Palo
Alto.
According to all indications the
concert of the Chicago Symphony
Orchestra next Thursday afternoon
is going to be a musical treat of
the highest order. Dr. Goebel has
been asked to arrange the program
for the concert, and he will make
up a program composed of the
very best music. Among the num
bers will be Beethoven's Leonore
Overture No. 3, Schubert's un
finished Symphony, Liszt's Sym
phonic poem "Preludes,"and Wag
ner's "Waldweben" from Siegfrid.
The soloists will be Madam Linne,
the famous soprano, and Mr Van
Vardt, the great violinist. The ad
mission will be only fifty cents.
Tickets are for sale at the Book
store and the drugstores, Palo
Alto.
According to all indications the
concert of the Chicago Symphony
Orchestra next Thursday afternoon
is going to be a musical treat of
the highest order. Dr. Goebel has
been asked to arrange the program
for the concert, and he will make
up a program composed of the
very best music. Among the num
bers will be Beethoven's Leonore
Overture No. 3, Schubert's un
finished Symphony, Liszt's Sym
phonic poem "Preludes,"and Wag
ner's "Waldweben" from Siegfrid.
The soloists will be Madam Linne,
the famous soprano, and Mr Van
Vardt, the great violinist. The ad
mission will be only fifty cents.
Tickets are for sale at the Book
store and the drugstores, Palo
Alto.
According to all indications the
concert of the Chicago Symphony
Orchestra next Thursday afternoon
is going to be a musical treat of
the highest order. Dr. Goebel has
been asked to arrange the program
for the concert, and he will make
up a program composed of the
very best music. Among the num
bers will be Beethoven's Leonore
Overture No. 3, Schubert's un
finished Symphony, Liszt's Sym
phonic poem "Preludes,"and Wag
ner's "Waldweben" from Siegfrid.
The soloists will be Madam Linne,
the famous soprano, and Mr Van
Vardt, the great violinist. The ad
mission will be only fifty cents.
Tickets are for sale at the Book
store and the drugstores, Palo
Alto.
