# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Already there is serious dis
agreement between the church clock
and the time by which the class
bells ring.
Already there is serious dis
agreement between the church clock
and the time by which the class
bells ring.
Already there is serious dis
agreement between the church clock
and the time by which the class
bells ring.
Already there is serious dis
agreement between the church clock
and the time by which the class
bells ring.
Already there is serious dis
agreement between the church clock
and the time by which the class
bells ring.
Already there is serious dis
agreement between the church clock
and the time by which the class
bells ring.
Already there is serious dis
agreement between the church clock
and the time by which the class
bells ring.
