# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
(2s^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared arid have found that
Carlvle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carltfle
J jew«Ltna
>39 Bryant
Downtown Palo Alt*
323 2834
1
(2s^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared arid have found that
Carlvle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carltfle
J jew«Ltna
>39 Bryant
Downtown Palo Alt*
323 2834
1
(2s^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared arid have found that
Carlvle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carltfle
J jew«Ltna
>39 Bryant
Downtown Palo Alt*
323 2834
1
(2s^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared arid have found that
Carlvle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carltfle
J jew«Ltna
>39 Bryant
Downtown Palo Alt*
323 2834
1
(2s^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared arid have found that
Carlvle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carltfle
J jew«Ltna
>39 Bryant
Downtown Palo Alt*
323 2834
1
(2s^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared arid have found that
Carlvle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carltfle
J jew«Ltna
>39 Bryant
Downtown Palo Alt*
323 2834
1
(2s^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared arid have found that
Carlvle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carltfle
J jew«Ltna
>39 Bryant
Downtown Palo Alt*
323 2834
1
(2s^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared arid have found that
Carlvle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carltfle
J jew«Ltna
>39 Bryant
Downtown Palo Alt*
323 2834
1
(2s^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared arid have found that
Carlvle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carltfle
J jew«Ltna
>39 Bryant
Downtown Palo Alt*
323 2834
1
(2s^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared arid have found that
Carlvle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carltfle
J jew«Ltna
>39 Bryant
Downtown Palo Alt*
323 2834
1
(2s^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared arid have found that
Carlvle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carltfle
J jew«Ltna
>39 Bryant
Downtown Palo Alt*
323 2834
1
(2s^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared arid have found that
Carlvle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carltfle
J jew«Ltna
>39 Bryant
Downtown Palo Alt*
323 2834
1
(2s^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared arid have found that
Carlvle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carltfle
J jew«Ltna
>39 Bryant
Downtown Palo Alt*
323 2834
1
(2s^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared arid have found that
Carlvle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carltfle
J jew«Ltna
>39 Bryant
Downtown Palo Alt*
323 2834
1
