# WARNS OF COMING WAR
## 
### 

Socialism's hope, Norman Thomas. Leader of his party in the unsuc
cessful but encouraging 1928 and 1932 presidential campaigns. Thomas is
now on a whirlwind, nation-wide speaking tour. He hopes to save the
world from war and chaos through Socialism. (A.P. Photo)

Socialism's hope, Norman Thomas. Leader of his party in the unsuc
cessful but encouraging 1928 and 1932 presidential campaigns. Thomas is
now on a whirlwind, nation-wide speaking tour. He hopes to save the
world from war and chaos through Socialism. (A.P. Photo)

Socialism's hope, Norman Thomas. Leader of his party in the unsuc
cessful but encouraging 1928 and 1932 presidential campaigns. Thomas is
now on a whirlwind, nation-wide speaking tour. He hopes to save the
world from war and chaos through Socialism. (A.P. Photo)

Socialism's hope, Norman Thomas. Leader of his party in the unsuc
cessful but encouraging 1928 and 1932 presidential campaigns. Thomas is
now on a whirlwind, nation-wide speaking tour. He hopes to save the
world from war and chaos through Socialism. (A.P. Photo)

Socialism's hope, Norman Thomas. Leader of his party in the unsuc
cessful but encouraging 1928 and 1932 presidential campaigns. Thomas is
now on a whirlwind, nation-wide speaking tour. He hopes to save the
world from war and chaos through Socialism. (A.P. Photo)

Socialism's hope, Norman Thomas. Leader of his party in the unsuc
cessful but encouraging 1928 and 1932 presidential campaigns. Thomas is
now on a whirlwind, nation-wide speaking tour. He hopes to save the
world from war and chaos through Socialism. (A.P. Photo)

Socialism's hope, Norman Thomas. Leader of his party in the unsuc
cessful but encouraging 1928 and 1932 presidential campaigns. Thomas is
now on a whirlwind, nation-wide speaking tour. He hopes to save the
world from war and chaos through Socialism. (A.P. Photo)

Socialism's hope, Norman Thomas. Leader of his party in the unsuc
cessful but encouraging 1928 and 1932 presidential campaigns. Thomas is
now on a whirlwind, nation-wide speaking tour. He hopes to save the
world from war and chaos through Socialism. (A.P. Photo)

Socialism's hope, Norman Thomas. Leader of his party in the unsuc
cessful but encouraging 1928 and 1932 presidential campaigns. Thomas is
now on a whirlwind, nation-wide speaking tour. He hopes to save the
world from war and chaos through Socialism. (A.P. Photo)

Socialism's hope, Norman Thomas. Leader of his party in the unsuc
cessful but encouraging 1928 and 1932 presidential campaigns. Thomas is
now on a whirlwind, nation-wide speaking tour. He hopes to save the
world from war and chaos through Socialism. (A.P. Photo)

Socialism's hope, Norman Thomas. Leader of his party in the unsuc
cessful but encouraging 1928 and 1932 presidential campaigns. Thomas is
now on a whirlwind, nation-wide speaking tour. He hopes to save the
world from war and chaos through Socialism. (A.P. Photo)

Socialism's hope, Norman Thomas. Leader of his party in the unsuc
cessful but encouraging 1928 and 1932 presidential campaigns. Thomas is
now on a whirlwind, nation-wide speaking tour. He hopes to save the
world from war and chaos through Socialism. (A.P. Photo)

Socialism's hope, Norman Thomas. Leader of his party in the unsuc
cessful but encouraging 1928 and 1932 presidential campaigns. Thomas is
now on a whirlwind, nation-wide speaking tour. He hopes to save the
world from war and chaos through Socialism. (A.P. Photo)

Socialism's hope, Norman Thomas. Leader of his party in the unsuc
cessful but encouraging 1928 and 1932 presidential campaigns. Thomas is
now on a whirlwind, nation-wide speaking tour. He hopes to save the
world from war and chaos through Socialism. (A.P. Photo)

Socialism's hope, Norman Thomas. Leader of his party in the unsuc
cessful but encouraging 1928 and 1932 presidential campaigns. Thomas is
now on a whirlwind, nation-wide speaking tour. He hopes to save the
world from war and chaos through Socialism. (A.P. Photo)
