# THEY DON'T FORGET THE BLOND WARRIOR
## 
### 
One of the interesting sidelights
of the trip was the tremendous pop
ularity that Ernie Nevers enjoys in
the Middle West. Wherever he went
the big blond was recognized; the
citizens were constantly rushing up
and shaking hands. In Ogden some
total stranger approached and
clapped Ernie on the back. "You
should have been in there Saturday,
Ernie," he assured him;
Some of the recognition may be
brought about by the biography of
Nevers, current in a national
weekly. Touching on that brings up
a whole new subject, the literature
of football. This particular bit is
clone by a competent writer, Lowell
Thomas, who has turned out worthy
biographies of Count von Luckner,
the German sea devil, and a history
ol' Col. T. E. Lawrence's Arabian
campaign. But when Thomas got
hold of Ernie he made a most ludi
crous mess out of the whole thing,
dripping with "college widows," ab
ductions to preserve the star fresh
men from the machinations of the
rival school, and all the rest of the
old malarkey.
One of the interesting sidelights
of the trip was the tremendous pop
ularity that Ernie Nevers enjoys in
the Middle West. Wherever he went
the big blond was recognized; the
citizens were constantly rushing up
and shaking hands. In Ogden some
total stranger approached and
clapped Ernie on the back. "You
should have been in there Saturday,
Ernie," he assured him;
Some of the recognition may be
brought about by the biography of
Nevers, current in a national
weekly. Touching on that brings up
a whole new subject, the literature
of football. This particular bit is
clone by a competent writer, Lowell
Thomas, who has turned out worthy
biographies of Count von Luckner,
the German sea devil, and a history
ol' Col. T. E. Lawrence's Arabian
campaign. But when Thomas got
hold of Ernie he made a most ludi
crous mess out of the whole thing,
dripping with "college widows," ab
ductions to preserve the star fresh
men from the machinations of the
rival school, and all the rest of the
old malarkey.
One of the interesting sidelights
of the trip was the tremendous pop
ularity that Ernie Nevers enjoys in
the Middle West. Wherever he went
the big blond was recognized; the
citizens were constantly rushing up
and shaking hands. In Ogden some
total stranger approached and
clapped Ernie on the back. "You
should have been in there Saturday,
Ernie," he assured him;
Some of the recognition may be
brought about by the biography of
Nevers, current in a national
weekly. Touching on that brings up
a whole new subject, the literature
of football. This particular bit is
clone by a competent writer, Lowell
Thomas, who has turned out worthy
biographies of Count von Luckner,
the German sea devil, and a history
ol' Col. T. E. Lawrence's Arabian
campaign. But when Thomas got
hold of Ernie he made a most ludi
crous mess out of the whole thing,
dripping with "college widows," ab
ductions to preserve the star fresh
men from the machinations of the
rival school, and all the rest of the
old malarkey.
One of the interesting sidelights
of the trip was the tremendous pop
ularity that Ernie Nevers enjoys in
the Middle West. Wherever he went
the big blond was recognized; the
citizens were constantly rushing up
and shaking hands. In Ogden some
total stranger approached and
clapped Ernie on the back. "You
should have been in there Saturday,
Ernie," he assured him;
Some of the recognition may be
brought about by the biography of
Nevers, current in a national
weekly. Touching on that brings up
a whole new subject, the literature
of football. This particular bit is
clone by a competent writer, Lowell
Thomas, who has turned out worthy
biographies of Count von Luckner,
the German sea devil, and a history
ol' Col. T. E. Lawrence's Arabian
campaign. But when Thomas got
hold of Ernie he made a most ludi
crous mess out of the whole thing,
dripping with "college widows," ab
ductions to preserve the star fresh
men from the machinations of the
rival school, and all the rest of the
old malarkey.
One of the interesting sidelights
of the trip was the tremendous pop
ularity that Ernie Nevers enjoys in
the Middle West. Wherever he went
the big blond was recognized; the
citizens were constantly rushing up
and shaking hands. In Ogden some
total stranger approached and
clapped Ernie on the back. "You
should have been in there Saturday,
Ernie," he assured him;
Some of the recognition may be
brought about by the biography of
Nevers, current in a national
weekly. Touching on that brings up
a whole new subject, the literature
of football. This particular bit is
clone by a competent writer, Lowell
Thomas, who has turned out worthy
biographies of Count von Luckner,
the German sea devil, and a history
ol' Col. T. E. Lawrence's Arabian
campaign. But when Thomas got
hold of Ernie he made a most ludi
crous mess out of the whole thing,
dripping with "college widows," ab
ductions to preserve the star fresh
men from the machinations of the
rival school, and all the rest of the
old malarkey.
One of the interesting sidelights
of the trip was the tremendous pop
ularity that Ernie Nevers enjoys in
the Middle West. Wherever he went
the big blond was recognized; the
citizens were constantly rushing up
and shaking hands. In Ogden some
total stranger approached and
clapped Ernie on the back. "You
should have been in there Saturday,
Ernie," he assured him;
Some of the recognition may be
brought about by the biography of
Nevers, current in a national
weekly. Touching on that brings up
a whole new subject, the literature
of football. This particular bit is
clone by a competent writer, Lowell
Thomas, who has turned out worthy
biographies of Count von Luckner,
the German sea devil, and a history
ol' Col. T. E. Lawrence's Arabian
campaign. But when Thomas got
hold of Ernie he made a most ludi
crous mess out of the whole thing,
dripping with "college widows," ab
ductions to preserve the star fresh
men from the machinations of the
rival school, and all the rest of the
old malarkey.
One of the interesting sidelights
of the trip was the tremendous pop
ularity that Ernie Nevers enjoys in
the Middle West. Wherever he went
the big blond was recognized; the
citizens were constantly rushing up
and shaking hands. In Ogden some
total stranger approached and
clapped Ernie on the back. "You
should have been in there Saturday,
Ernie," he assured him;
Some of the recognition may be
brought about by the biography of
Nevers, current in a national
weekly. Touching on that brings up
a whole new subject, the literature
of football. This particular bit is
clone by a competent writer, Lowell
Thomas, who has turned out worthy
biographies of Count von Luckner,
the German sea devil, and a history
ol' Col. T. E. Lawrence's Arabian
campaign. But when Thomas got
hold of Ernie he made a most ludi
crous mess out of the whole thing,
dripping with "college widows," ab
ductions to preserve the star fresh
men from the machinations of the
rival school, and all the rest of the
old malarkey.
One of the interesting sidelights
of the trip was the tremendous pop
ularity that Ernie Nevers enjoys in
the Middle West. Wherever he went
the big blond was recognized; the
citizens were constantly rushing up
and shaking hands. In Ogden some
total stranger approached and
clapped Ernie on the back. "You
should have been in there Saturday,
Ernie," he assured him;
Some of the recognition may be
brought about by the biography of
Nevers, current in a national
weekly. Touching on that brings up
a whole new subject, the literature
of football. This particular bit is
clone by a competent writer, Lowell
Thomas, who has turned out worthy
biographies of Count von Luckner,
the German sea devil, and a history
ol' Col. T. E. Lawrence's Arabian
campaign. But when Thomas got
hold of Ernie he made a most ludi
crous mess out of the whole thing,
dripping with "college widows," ab
ductions to preserve the star fresh
men from the machinations of the
rival school, and all the rest of the
old malarkey.
One of the interesting sidelights
of the trip was the tremendous pop
ularity that Ernie Nevers enjoys in
the Middle West. Wherever he went
the big blond was recognized; the
citizens were constantly rushing up
and shaking hands. In Ogden some
total stranger approached and
clapped Ernie on the back. "You
should have been in there Saturday,
Ernie," he assured him;
Some of the recognition may be
brought about by the biography of
Nevers, current in a national
weekly. Touching on that brings up
a whole new subject, the literature
of football. This particular bit is
clone by a competent writer, Lowell
Thomas, who has turned out worthy
biographies of Count von Luckner,
the German sea devil, and a history
ol' Col. T. E. Lawrence's Arabian
campaign. But when Thomas got
hold of Ernie he made a most ludi
crous mess out of the whole thing,
dripping with "college widows," ab
ductions to preserve the star fresh
men from the machinations of the
rival school, and all the rest of the
old malarkey.
One of the interesting sidelights
of the trip was the tremendous pop
ularity that Ernie Nevers enjoys in
the Middle West. Wherever he went
the big blond was recognized; the
citizens were constantly rushing up
and shaking hands. In Ogden some
total stranger approached and
clapped Ernie on the back. "You
should have been in there Saturday,
Ernie," he assured him;
Some of the recognition may be
brought about by the biography of
Nevers, current in a national
weekly. Touching on that brings up
a whole new subject, the literature
of football. This particular bit is
clone by a competent writer, Lowell
Thomas, who has turned out worthy
biographies of Count von Luckner,
the German sea devil, and a history
ol' Col. T. E. Lawrence's Arabian
campaign. But when Thomas got
hold of Ernie he made a most ludi
crous mess out of the whole thing,
dripping with "college widows," ab
ductions to preserve the star fresh
men from the machinations of the
rival school, and all the rest of the
old malarkey.
One of the interesting sidelights
of the trip was the tremendous pop
ularity that Ernie Nevers enjoys in
the Middle West. Wherever he went
the big blond was recognized; the
citizens were constantly rushing up
and shaking hands. In Ogden some
total stranger approached and
clapped Ernie on the back. "You
should have been in there Saturday,
Ernie," he assured him;
Some of the recognition may be
brought about by the biography of
Nevers, current in a national
weekly. Touching on that brings up
a whole new subject, the literature
of football. This particular bit is
clone by a competent writer, Lowell
Thomas, who has turned out worthy
biographies of Count von Luckner,
the German sea devil, and a history
ol' Col. T. E. Lawrence's Arabian
campaign. But when Thomas got
hold of Ernie he made a most ludi
crous mess out of the whole thing,
dripping with "college widows," ab
ductions to preserve the star fresh
men from the machinations of the
rival school, and all the rest of the
old malarkey.
One of the interesting sidelights
of the trip was the tremendous pop
ularity that Ernie Nevers enjoys in
the Middle West. Wherever he went
the big blond was recognized; the
citizens were constantly rushing up
and shaking hands. In Ogden some
total stranger approached and
clapped Ernie on the back. "You
should have been in there Saturday,
Ernie," he assured him;
Some of the recognition may be
brought about by the biography of
Nevers, current in a national
weekly. Touching on that brings up
a whole new subject, the literature
of football. This particular bit is
clone by a competent writer, Lowell
Thomas, who has turned out worthy
biographies of Count von Luckner,
the German sea devil, and a history
ol' Col. T. E. Lawrence's Arabian
campaign. But when Thomas got
hold of Ernie he made a most ludi
crous mess out of the whole thing,
dripping with "college widows," ab
ductions to preserve the star fresh
men from the machinations of the
rival school, and all the rest of the
old malarkey.
One of the interesting sidelights
of the trip was the tremendous pop
ularity that Ernie Nevers enjoys in
the Middle West. Wherever he went
the big blond was recognized; the
citizens were constantly rushing up
and shaking hands. In Ogden some
total stranger approached and
clapped Ernie on the back. "You
should have been in there Saturday,
Ernie," he assured him;
Some of the recognition may be
brought about by the biography of
Nevers, current in a national
weekly. Touching on that brings up
a whole new subject, the literature
of football. This particular bit is
clone by a competent writer, Lowell
Thomas, who has turned out worthy
biographies of Count von Luckner,
the German sea devil, and a history
ol' Col. T. E. Lawrence's Arabian
campaign. But when Thomas got
hold of Ernie he made a most ludi
crous mess out of the whole thing,
dripping with "college widows," ab
ductions to preserve the star fresh
men from the machinations of the
rival school, and all the rest of the
old malarkey.
One of the interesting sidelights
of the trip was the tremendous pop
ularity that Ernie Nevers enjoys in
the Middle West. Wherever he went
the big blond was recognized; the
citizens were constantly rushing up
and shaking hands. In Ogden some
total stranger approached and
clapped Ernie on the back. "You
should have been in there Saturday,
Ernie," he assured him;
Some of the recognition may be
brought about by the biography of
Nevers, current in a national
weekly. Touching on that brings up
a whole new subject, the literature
of football. This particular bit is
clone by a competent writer, Lowell
Thomas, who has turned out worthy
biographies of Count von Luckner,
the German sea devil, and a history
ol' Col. T. E. Lawrence's Arabian
campaign. But when Thomas got
hold of Ernie he made a most ludi
crous mess out of the whole thing,
dripping with "college widows," ab
ductions to preserve the star fresh
men from the machinations of the
rival school, and all the rest of the
old malarkey.
One of the interesting sidelights
of the trip was the tremendous pop
ularity that Ernie Nevers enjoys in
the Middle West. Wherever he went
the big blond was recognized; the
citizens were constantly rushing up
and shaking hands. In Ogden some
total stranger approached and
clapped Ernie on the back. "You
should have been in there Saturday,
Ernie," he assured him;
Some of the recognition may be
brought about by the biography of
Nevers, current in a national
weekly. Touching on that brings up
a whole new subject, the literature
of football. This particular bit is
clone by a competent writer, Lowell
Thomas, who has turned out worthy
biographies of Count von Luckner,
the German sea devil, and a history
ol' Col. T. E. Lawrence's Arabian
campaign. But when Thomas got
hold of Ernie he made a most ludi
crous mess out of the whole thing,
dripping with "college widows," ab
ductions to preserve the star fresh
men from the machinations of the
rival school, and all the rest of the
old malarkey.
