# Long Again
## 
### 
Senator Huey P. Long's autobi
ography, "Every Man a King," was
put on sale yesterday in Chicago
after several vain attempts on the
part of the author to find a pub
lisher who would print it. Content:
A concentrated argument for Long's
iavorite theme — redistx'ibution of
wealth—combined with a life sketch
of his rise to dominance in Loui
siana political affairs.
Senator Huey P. Long's autobi
ography, "Every Man a King," was
put on sale yesterday in Chicago
after several vain attempts on the
part of the author to find a pub
lisher who would print it. Content:
A concentrated argument for Long's
iavorite theme — redistx'ibution of
wealth—combined with a life sketch
of his rise to dominance in Loui
siana political affairs.
Senator Huey P. Long's autobi
ography, "Every Man a King," was
put on sale yesterday in Chicago
after several vain attempts on the
part of the author to find a pub
lisher who would print it. Content:
A concentrated argument for Long's
iavorite theme — redistx'ibution of
wealth—combined with a life sketch
of his rise to dominance in Loui
siana political affairs.
Senator Huey P. Long's autobi
ography, "Every Man a King," was
put on sale yesterday in Chicago
after several vain attempts on the
part of the author to find a pub
lisher who would print it. Content:
A concentrated argument for Long's
iavorite theme — redistx'ibution of
wealth—combined with a life sketch
of his rise to dominance in Loui
siana political affairs.
Senator Huey P. Long's autobi
ography, "Every Man a King," was
put on sale yesterday in Chicago
after several vain attempts on the
part of the author to find a pub
lisher who would print it. Content:
A concentrated argument for Long's
iavorite theme — redistx'ibution of
wealth—combined with a life sketch
of his rise to dominance in Loui
siana political affairs.
Senator Huey P. Long's autobi
ography, "Every Man a King," was
put on sale yesterday in Chicago
after several vain attempts on the
part of the author to find a pub
lisher who would print it. Content:
A concentrated argument for Long's
iavorite theme — redistx'ibution of
wealth—combined with a life sketch
of his rise to dominance in Loui
siana political affairs.
Senator Huey P. Long's autobi
ography, "Every Man a King," was
put on sale yesterday in Chicago
after several vain attempts on the
part of the author to find a pub
lisher who would print it. Content:
A concentrated argument for Long's
iavorite theme — redistx'ibution of
wealth—combined with a life sketch
of his rise to dominance in Loui
siana political affairs.
Senator Huey P. Long's autobi
ography, "Every Man a King," was
put on sale yesterday in Chicago
after several vain attempts on the
part of the author to find a pub
lisher who would print it. Content:
A concentrated argument for Long's
iavorite theme — redistx'ibution of
wealth—combined with a life sketch
of his rise to dominance in Loui
siana political affairs.
Senator Huey P. Long's autobi
ography, "Every Man a King," was
put on sale yesterday in Chicago
after several vain attempts on the
part of the author to find a pub
lisher who would print it. Content:
A concentrated argument for Long's
iavorite theme — redistx'ibution of
wealth—combined with a life sketch
of his rise to dominance in Loui
siana political affairs.
Senator Huey P. Long's autobi
ography, "Every Man a King," was
put on sale yesterday in Chicago
after several vain attempts on the
part of the author to find a pub
lisher who would print it. Content:
A concentrated argument for Long's
iavorite theme — redistx'ibution of
wealth—combined with a life sketch
of his rise to dominance in Loui
siana political affairs.
Senator Huey P. Long's autobi
ography, "Every Man a King," was
put on sale yesterday in Chicago
after several vain attempts on the
part of the author to find a pub
lisher who would print it. Content:
A concentrated argument for Long's
iavorite theme — redistx'ibution of
wealth—combined with a life sketch
of his rise to dominance in Loui
siana political affairs.
Senator Huey P. Long's autobi
ography, "Every Man a King," was
put on sale yesterday in Chicago
after several vain attempts on the
part of the author to find a pub
lisher who would print it. Content:
A concentrated argument for Long's
iavorite theme — redistx'ibution of
wealth—combined with a life sketch
of his rise to dominance in Loui
siana political affairs.
Senator Huey P. Long's autobi
ography, "Every Man a King," was
put on sale yesterday in Chicago
after several vain attempts on the
part of the author to find a pub
lisher who would print it. Content:
A concentrated argument for Long's
iavorite theme — redistx'ibution of
wealth—combined with a life sketch
of his rise to dominance in Loui
siana political affairs.
Senator Huey P. Long's autobi
ography, "Every Man a King," was
put on sale yesterday in Chicago
after several vain attempts on the
part of the author to find a pub
lisher who would print it. Content:
A concentrated argument for Long's
iavorite theme — redistx'ibution of
wealth—combined with a life sketch
of his rise to dominance in Loui
siana political affairs.
Senator Huey P. Long's autobi
ography, "Every Man a King," was
put on sale yesterday in Chicago
after several vain attempts on the
part of the author to find a pub
lisher who would print it. Content:
A concentrated argument for Long's
iavorite theme — redistx'ibution of
wealth—combined with a life sketch
of his rise to dominance in Loui
siana political affairs.
