# On National Front
## 
### 
Federal officials today announced
plans to obtain food for the hungry
and credit for depressed industry.
True to his word. F.R.'s Food Re
lief Administrator Harry L. Hopkins
announced the purchase of $5,000,000
to $10,000,000 of range cattle and a
thousand carloads of apples for
feeding the hungry. Wheat, butter,
oggs, and pork existing in surplus
quantities are being purchased by
the relief corporation; are to be
transported, it is hoped, for 50 per
cent below standard freight rates.
"The sky is the limit," replied
Jesse Jones, chairman of the R.F.C.,
when asked how much money the
government planned to put into
banks through purchase of pre
ferred stocks. Such purchase of pre
ferred bank stocks will provide ad
ditional credit for recovery purposes
and even in large amounts will not
mean inflation, stated Jones.
Federal officials today announced
plans to obtain food for the hungry
and credit for depressed industry.
True to his word. F.R.'s Food Re
lief Administrator Harry L. Hopkins
announced the purchase of $5,000,000
to $10,000,000 of range cattle and a
thousand carloads of apples for
feeding the hungry. Wheat, butter,
oggs, and pork existing in surplus
quantities are being purchased by
the relief corporation; are to be
transported, it is hoped, for 50 per
cent below standard freight rates.
"The sky is the limit," replied
Jesse Jones, chairman of the R.F.C.,
when asked how much money the
government planned to put into
banks through purchase of pre
ferred stocks. Such purchase of pre
ferred bank stocks will provide ad
ditional credit for recovery purposes
and even in large amounts will not
mean inflation, stated Jones.
Federal officials today announced
plans to obtain food for the hungry
and credit for depressed industry.
True to his word. F.R.'s Food Re
lief Administrator Harry L. Hopkins
announced the purchase of $5,000,000
to $10,000,000 of range cattle and a
thousand carloads of apples for
feeding the hungry. Wheat, butter,
oggs, and pork existing in surplus
quantities are being purchased by
the relief corporation; are to be
transported, it is hoped, for 50 per
cent below standard freight rates.
"The sky is the limit," replied
Jesse Jones, chairman of the R.F.C.,
when asked how much money the
government planned to put into
banks through purchase of pre
ferred stocks. Such purchase of pre
ferred bank stocks will provide ad
ditional credit for recovery purposes
and even in large amounts will not
mean inflation, stated Jones.
Federal officials today announced
plans to obtain food for the hungry
and credit for depressed industry.
True to his word. F.R.'s Food Re
lief Administrator Harry L. Hopkins
announced the purchase of $5,000,000
to $10,000,000 of range cattle and a
thousand carloads of apples for
feeding the hungry. Wheat, butter,
oggs, and pork existing in surplus
quantities are being purchased by
the relief corporation; are to be
transported, it is hoped, for 50 per
cent below standard freight rates.
"The sky is the limit," replied
Jesse Jones, chairman of the R.F.C.,
when asked how much money the
government planned to put into
banks through purchase of pre
ferred stocks. Such purchase of pre
ferred bank stocks will provide ad
ditional credit for recovery purposes
and even in large amounts will not
mean inflation, stated Jones.
Federal officials today announced
plans to obtain food for the hungry
and credit for depressed industry.
True to his word. F.R.'s Food Re
lief Administrator Harry L. Hopkins
announced the purchase of $5,000,000
to $10,000,000 of range cattle and a
thousand carloads of apples for
feeding the hungry. Wheat, butter,
oggs, and pork existing in surplus
quantities are being purchased by
the relief corporation; are to be
transported, it is hoped, for 50 per
cent below standard freight rates.
"The sky is the limit," replied
Jesse Jones, chairman of the R.F.C.,
when asked how much money the
government planned to put into
banks through purchase of pre
ferred stocks. Such purchase of pre
ferred bank stocks will provide ad
ditional credit for recovery purposes
and even in large amounts will not
mean inflation, stated Jones.
Federal officials today announced
plans to obtain food for the hungry
and credit for depressed industry.
True to his word. F.R.'s Food Re
lief Administrator Harry L. Hopkins
announced the purchase of $5,000,000
to $10,000,000 of range cattle and a
thousand carloads of apples for
feeding the hungry. Wheat, butter,
oggs, and pork existing in surplus
quantities are being purchased by
the relief corporation; are to be
transported, it is hoped, for 50 per
cent below standard freight rates.
"The sky is the limit," replied
Jesse Jones, chairman of the R.F.C.,
when asked how much money the
government planned to put into
banks through purchase of pre
ferred stocks. Such purchase of pre
ferred bank stocks will provide ad
ditional credit for recovery purposes
and even in large amounts will not
mean inflation, stated Jones.
Federal officials today announced
plans to obtain food for the hungry
and credit for depressed industry.
True to his word. F.R.'s Food Re
lief Administrator Harry L. Hopkins
announced the purchase of $5,000,000
to $10,000,000 of range cattle and a
thousand carloads of apples for
feeding the hungry. Wheat, butter,
oggs, and pork existing in surplus
quantities are being purchased by
the relief corporation; are to be
transported, it is hoped, for 50 per
cent below standard freight rates.
"The sky is the limit," replied
Jesse Jones, chairman of the R.F.C.,
when asked how much money the
government planned to put into
banks through purchase of pre
ferred stocks. Such purchase of pre
ferred bank stocks will provide ad
ditional credit for recovery purposes
and even in large amounts will not
mean inflation, stated Jones.
Federal officials today announced
plans to obtain food for the hungry
and credit for depressed industry.
True to his word. F.R.'s Food Re
lief Administrator Harry L. Hopkins
announced the purchase of $5,000,000
to $10,000,000 of range cattle and a
thousand carloads of apples for
feeding the hungry. Wheat, butter,
oggs, and pork existing in surplus
quantities are being purchased by
the relief corporation; are to be
transported, it is hoped, for 50 per
cent below standard freight rates.
"The sky is the limit," replied
Jesse Jones, chairman of the R.F.C.,
when asked how much money the
government planned to put into
banks through purchase of pre
ferred stocks. Such purchase of pre
ferred bank stocks will provide ad
ditional credit for recovery purposes
and even in large amounts will not
mean inflation, stated Jones.
Federal officials today announced
plans to obtain food for the hungry
and credit for depressed industry.
True to his word. F.R.'s Food Re
lief Administrator Harry L. Hopkins
announced the purchase of $5,000,000
to $10,000,000 of range cattle and a
thousand carloads of apples for
feeding the hungry. Wheat, butter,
oggs, and pork existing in surplus
quantities are being purchased by
the relief corporation; are to be
transported, it is hoped, for 50 per
cent below standard freight rates.
"The sky is the limit," replied
Jesse Jones, chairman of the R.F.C.,
when asked how much money the
government planned to put into
banks through purchase of pre
ferred stocks. Such purchase of pre
ferred bank stocks will provide ad
ditional credit for recovery purposes
and even in large amounts will not
mean inflation, stated Jones.
Federal officials today announced
plans to obtain food for the hungry
and credit for depressed industry.
True to his word. F.R.'s Food Re
lief Administrator Harry L. Hopkins
announced the purchase of $5,000,000
to $10,000,000 of range cattle and a
thousand carloads of apples for
feeding the hungry. Wheat, butter,
oggs, and pork existing in surplus
quantities are being purchased by
the relief corporation; are to be
transported, it is hoped, for 50 per
cent below standard freight rates.
"The sky is the limit," replied
Jesse Jones, chairman of the R.F.C.,
when asked how much money the
government planned to put into
banks through purchase of pre
ferred stocks. Such purchase of pre
ferred bank stocks will provide ad
ditional credit for recovery purposes
and even in large amounts will not
mean inflation, stated Jones.
Federal officials today announced
plans to obtain food for the hungry
and credit for depressed industry.
True to his word. F.R.'s Food Re
lief Administrator Harry L. Hopkins
announced the purchase of $5,000,000
to $10,000,000 of range cattle and a
thousand carloads of apples for
feeding the hungry. Wheat, butter,
oggs, and pork existing in surplus
quantities are being purchased by
the relief corporation; are to be
transported, it is hoped, for 50 per
cent below standard freight rates.
"The sky is the limit," replied
Jesse Jones, chairman of the R.F.C.,
when asked how much money the
government planned to put into
banks through purchase of pre
ferred stocks. Such purchase of pre
ferred bank stocks will provide ad
ditional credit for recovery purposes
and even in large amounts will not
mean inflation, stated Jones.
Federal officials today announced
plans to obtain food for the hungry
and credit for depressed industry.
True to his word. F.R.'s Food Re
lief Administrator Harry L. Hopkins
announced the purchase of $5,000,000
to $10,000,000 of range cattle and a
thousand carloads of apples for
feeding the hungry. Wheat, butter,
oggs, and pork existing in surplus
quantities are being purchased by
the relief corporation; are to be
transported, it is hoped, for 50 per
cent below standard freight rates.
"The sky is the limit," replied
Jesse Jones, chairman of the R.F.C.,
when asked how much money the
government planned to put into
banks through purchase of pre
ferred stocks. Such purchase of pre
ferred bank stocks will provide ad
ditional credit for recovery purposes
and even in large amounts will not
mean inflation, stated Jones.
Federal officials today announced
plans to obtain food for the hungry
and credit for depressed industry.
True to his word. F.R.'s Food Re
lief Administrator Harry L. Hopkins
announced the purchase of $5,000,000
to $10,000,000 of range cattle and a
thousand carloads of apples for
feeding the hungry. Wheat, butter,
oggs, and pork existing in surplus
quantities are being purchased by
the relief corporation; are to be
transported, it is hoped, for 50 per
cent below standard freight rates.
"The sky is the limit," replied
Jesse Jones, chairman of the R.F.C.,
when asked how much money the
government planned to put into
banks through purchase of pre
ferred stocks. Such purchase of pre
ferred bank stocks will provide ad
ditional credit for recovery purposes
and even in large amounts will not
mean inflation, stated Jones.
Federal officials today announced
plans to obtain food for the hungry
and credit for depressed industry.
True to his word. F.R.'s Food Re
lief Administrator Harry L. Hopkins
announced the purchase of $5,000,000
to $10,000,000 of range cattle and a
thousand carloads of apples for
feeding the hungry. Wheat, butter,
oggs, and pork existing in surplus
quantities are being purchased by
the relief corporation; are to be
transported, it is hoped, for 50 per
cent below standard freight rates.
"The sky is the limit," replied
Jesse Jones, chairman of the R.F.C.,
when asked how much money the
government planned to put into
banks through purchase of pre
ferred stocks. Such purchase of pre
ferred bank stocks will provide ad
ditional credit for recovery purposes
and even in large amounts will not
mean inflation, stated Jones.
Federal officials today announced
plans to obtain food for the hungry
and credit for depressed industry.
True to his word. F.R.'s Food Re
lief Administrator Harry L. Hopkins
announced the purchase of $5,000,000
to $10,000,000 of range cattle and a
thousand carloads of apples for
feeding the hungry. Wheat, butter,
oggs, and pork existing in surplus
quantities are being purchased by
the relief corporation; are to be
transported, it is hoped, for 50 per
cent below standard freight rates.
"The sky is the limit," replied
Jesse Jones, chairman of the R.F.C.,
when asked how much money the
government planned to put into
banks through purchase of pre
ferred stocks. Such purchase of pre
ferred bank stocks will provide ad
ditional credit for recovery purposes
and even in large amounts will not
mean inflation, stated Jones.
