# Equus
## 
### 
The Company is holding audi
tions for its Spring quarter pro
duction of Equus. The Tony
Award-winning play is being
staged in Cubberley Auditorium
which wi\\ be restructured by
set and light designer Peter
Maradudin to accommodate a
production in the round. Produc
tion dates are May 22-30. Audi
tions tor dancers are being held
Sunday. March 8 from 7-10 p.m.
in the Clubhouse in Old Union.
Acting auditions are Monday
and Tuesday, March 9 and 10 in
Cubberley Auditorium, also
from 7-10 p.m. Equus will be
produced by Todd Harris and
directed by Steven Young. Audi
tions are open to the communi
ty.
