# Advance Reading For Mar. 2 Hostel
## 
### 
Students attending tomor
row's hostel on the “Flare of
Humanities in Science" are
requested to read Prof. Wil
lis Hannan’s article “Humani
ties in an Age of Science."
Copies are available in the
ASSU office.
Students attending tomor
row's hostel on the “Flare of
Humanities in Science" are
requested to read Prof. Wil
lis Hannan’s article “Humani
ties in an Age of Science."
Copies are available in the
ASSU office.
Students attending tomor
row's hostel on the “Flare of
Humanities in Science" are
requested to read Prof. Wil
lis Hannan’s article “Humani
ties in an Age of Science."
Copies are available in the
ASSU office.
Students attending tomor
row's hostel on the “Flare of
Humanities in Science" are
requested to read Prof. Wil
lis Hannan’s article “Humani
ties in an Age of Science."
Copies are available in the
ASSU office.
Students attending tomor
row's hostel on the “Flare of
Humanities in Science" are
requested to read Prof. Wil
lis Hannan’s article “Humani
ties in an Age of Science."
Copies are available in the
ASSU office.
Students attending tomor
row's hostel on the “Flare of
Humanities in Science" are
requested to read Prof. Wil
lis Hannan’s article “Humani
ties in an Age of Science."
Copies are available in the
ASSU office.
Students attending tomor
row's hostel on the “Flare of
Humanities in Science" are
requested to read Prof. Wil
lis Hannan’s article “Humani
ties in an Age of Science."
Copies are available in the
ASSU office.
Students attending tomor
row's hostel on the “Flare of
Humanities in Science" are
requested to read Prof. Wil
lis Hannan’s article “Humani
ties in an Age of Science."
Copies are available in the
ASSU office.
Students attending tomor
row's hostel on the “Flare of
Humanities in Science" are
requested to read Prof. Wil
lis Hannan’s article “Humani
ties in an Age of Science."
Copies are available in the
ASSU office.
Students attending tomor
row's hostel on the “Flare of
Humanities in Science" are
requested to read Prof. Wil
lis Hannan’s article “Humani
ties in an Age of Science."
Copies are available in the
ASSU office.
Students attending tomor
row's hostel on the “Flare of
Humanities in Science" are
requested to read Prof. Wil
lis Hannan’s article “Humani
ties in an Age of Science."
Copies are available in the
ASSU office.
Students attending tomor
row's hostel on the “Flare of
Humanities in Science" are
requested to read Prof. Wil
lis Hannan’s article “Humani
ties in an Age of Science."
Copies are available in the
ASSU office.
Students attending tomor
row's hostel on the “Flare of
Humanities in Science" are
requested to read Prof. Wil
lis Hannan’s article “Humani
ties in an Age of Science."
Copies are available in the
ASSU office.
Students attending tomor
row's hostel on the “Flare of
Humanities in Science" are
requested to read Prof. Wil
lis Hannan’s article “Humani
ties in an Age of Science."
Copies are available in the
ASSU office.
Students attending tomor
row's hostel on the “Flare of
Humanities in Science" are
requested to read Prof. Wil
lis Hannan’s article “Humani
ties in an Age of Science."
Copies are available in the
ASSU office.
Students attending tomor
row's hostel on the “Flare of
Humanities in Science" are
requested to read Prof. Wil
lis Hannan’s article “Humani
ties in an Age of Science."
Copies are available in the
ASSU office.
Students attending tomor
row's hostel on the “Flare of
Humanities in Science" are
requested to read Prof. Wil
lis Hannan’s article “Humani
ties in an Age of Science."
Copies are available in the
ASSU office.
