# New Time Schedules Available Saturday
## 
### 
Spring quarter Time Schedules
will he available for students
Saturday in the Administration
Building, it was announced today
l>.v John Stalnaher, Dean of Stu
dents.
One copy will be given free to
each student at a special window
in the lobby of the Ad Building.
Spring quarter Time Schedules
will he available for students
Saturday in the Administration
Building, it was announced today
l>.v John Stalnaher, Dean of Stu
dents.
One copy will be given free to
each student at a special window
in the lobby of the Ad Building.
Spring quarter Time Schedules
will he available for students
Saturday in the Administration
Building, it was announced today
l>.v John Stalnaher, Dean of Stu
dents.
One copy will be given free to
each student at a special window
in the lobby of the Ad Building.
Spring quarter Time Schedules
will he available for students
Saturday in the Administration
Building, it was announced today
l>.v John Stalnaher, Dean of Stu
dents.
One copy will be given free to
each student at a special window
in the lobby of the Ad Building.
Spring quarter Time Schedules
will he available for students
Saturday in the Administration
Building, it was announced today
l>.v John Stalnaher, Dean of Stu
dents.
One copy will be given free to
each student at a special window
in the lobby of the Ad Building.
Spring quarter Time Schedules
will he available for students
Saturday in the Administration
Building, it was announced today
l>.v John Stalnaher, Dean of Stu
dents.
One copy will be given free to
each student at a special window
in the lobby of the Ad Building.
Spring quarter Time Schedules
will he available for students
Saturday in the Administration
Building, it was announced today
l>.v John Stalnaher, Dean of Stu
dents.
One copy will be given free to
each student at a special window
in the lobby of the Ad Building.
Spring quarter Time Schedules
will he available for students
Saturday in the Administration
Building, it was announced today
l>.v John Stalnaher, Dean of Stu
dents.
One copy will be given free to
each student at a special window
in the lobby of the Ad Building.
Spring quarter Time Schedules
will he available for students
Saturday in the Administration
Building, it was announced today
l>.v John Stalnaher, Dean of Stu
dents.
One copy will be given free to
each student at a special window
in the lobby of the Ad Building.
Spring quarter Time Schedules
will he available for students
Saturday in the Administration
Building, it was announced today
l>.v John Stalnaher, Dean of Stu
dents.
One copy will be given free to
each student at a special window
in the lobby of the Ad Building.
Spring quarter Time Schedules
will he available for students
Saturday in the Administration
Building, it was announced today
l>.v John Stalnaher, Dean of Stu
dents.
One copy will be given free to
each student at a special window
in the lobby of the Ad Building.
Spring quarter Time Schedules
will he available for students
Saturday in the Administration
Building, it was announced today
l>.v John Stalnaher, Dean of Stu
dents.
One copy will be given free to
each student at a special window
in the lobby of the Ad Building.
Spring quarter Time Schedules
will he available for students
Saturday in the Administration
Building, it was announced today
l>.v John Stalnaher, Dean of Stu
dents.
One copy will be given free to
each student at a special window
in the lobby of the Ad Building.
Spring quarter Time Schedules
will he available for students
Saturday in the Administration
Building, it was announced today
l>.v John Stalnaher, Dean of Stu
dents.
One copy will be given free to
each student at a special window
in the lobby of the Ad Building.
Spring quarter Time Schedules
will he available for students
Saturday in the Administration
Building, it was announced today
l>.v John Stalnaher, Dean of Stu
dents.
One copy will be given free to
each student at a special window
in the lobby of the Ad Building.
