# Students Should Get S.P. Reservations Now
## 
### 
Students requiring train reser
vations over the holidays should
make their reservations early at
the local Southern Pacific office,
according to the District Passen
ger Agent for S.P. This will avoid
last-minute rushes, he said.
Students requiring train reser
vations over the holidays should
make their reservations early at
the local Southern Pacific office,
according to the District Passen
ger Agent for S.P. This will avoid
last-minute rushes, he said.
Students requiring train reser
vations over the holidays should
make their reservations early at
the local Southern Pacific office,
according to the District Passen
ger Agent for S.P. This will avoid
last-minute rushes, he said.
Students requiring train reser
vations over the holidays should
make their reservations early at
the local Southern Pacific office,
according to the District Passen
ger Agent for S.P. This will avoid
last-minute rushes, he said.
Students requiring train reser
vations over the holidays should
make their reservations early at
the local Southern Pacific office,
according to the District Passen
ger Agent for S.P. This will avoid
last-minute rushes, he said.
Students requiring train reser
vations over the holidays should
make their reservations early at
the local Southern Pacific office,
according to the District Passen
ger Agent for S.P. This will avoid
last-minute rushes, he said.
Students requiring train reser
vations over the holidays should
make their reservations early at
the local Southern Pacific office,
according to the District Passen
ger Agent for S.P. This will avoid
last-minute rushes, he said.
Students requiring train reser
vations over the holidays should
make their reservations early at
the local Southern Pacific office,
according to the District Passen
ger Agent for S.P. This will avoid
last-minute rushes, he said.
Students requiring train reser
vations over the holidays should
make their reservations early at
the local Southern Pacific office,
according to the District Passen
ger Agent for S.P. This will avoid
last-minute rushes, he said.
Students requiring train reser
vations over the holidays should
make their reservations early at
the local Southern Pacific office,
according to the District Passen
ger Agent for S.P. This will avoid
last-minute rushes, he said.
Students requiring train reser
vations over the holidays should
make their reservations early at
the local Southern Pacific office,
according to the District Passen
ger Agent for S.P. This will avoid
last-minute rushes, he said.
Students requiring train reser
vations over the holidays should
make their reservations early at
the local Southern Pacific office,
according to the District Passen
ger Agent for S.P. This will avoid
last-minute rushes, he said.
Students requiring train reser
vations over the holidays should
make their reservations early at
the local Southern Pacific office,
according to the District Passen
ger Agent for S.P. This will avoid
last-minute rushes, he said.
Students requiring train reser
vations over the holidays should
make their reservations early at
the local Southern Pacific office,
according to the District Passen
ger Agent for S.P. This will avoid
last-minute rushes, he said.
Students requiring train reser
vations over the holidays should
make their reservations early at
the local Southern Pacific office,
according to the District Passen
ger Agent for S.P. This will avoid
last-minute rushes, he said.
