# Adv. 13 Page 4
## 
### 
Ploy it
straight.
Have Macy's
hair relaxer
unwind your
uptight curls
25.00
If vour hair makes waves
where you don't want
them, relax. We can
smooth out the kinks
in your overcurly hair
with a relaxer. A humi
dity-fighting formula
that gets rid of rough
spots in one simple
treatment. Leaves your
hair silky smooth. For
men or women. Call
326-3333 to make your
appointment.
v nHi& .
Beauty S
me /;
Sic I
Ploy it
straight.
Have Macy's
hair relaxer
unwind your
uptight curls
25.00
If vour hair makes waves
where you don't want
them, relax. We can
smooth out the kinks
in your overcurly hair
with a relaxer. A humi
dity-fighting formula
that gets rid of rough
spots in one simple
treatment. Leaves your
hair silky smooth. For
men or women. Call
326-3333 to make your
appointment.
v nHi& .
Beauty S
me /;
Sic I
Ploy it
straight.
Have Macy's
hair relaxer
unwind your
uptight curls
25.00
If vour hair makes waves
where you don't want
them, relax. We can
smooth out the kinks
in your overcurly hair
with a relaxer. A humi
dity-fighting formula
that gets rid of rough
spots in one simple
treatment. Leaves your
hair silky smooth. For
men or women. Call
326-3333 to make your
appointment.
v nHi& .
Beauty S
me /;
Sic I
Ploy it
straight.
Have Macy's
hair relaxer
unwind your
uptight curls
25.00
If vour hair makes waves
where you don't want
them, relax. We can
smooth out the kinks
in your overcurly hair
with a relaxer. A humi
dity-fighting formula
that gets rid of rough
spots in one simple
treatment. Leaves your
hair silky smooth. For
men or women. Call
326-3333 to make your
appointment.
v nHi& .
Beauty S
me /;
Sic I
Ploy it
straight.
Have Macy's
hair relaxer
unwind your
uptight curls
25.00
If vour hair makes waves
where you don't want
them, relax. We can
smooth out the kinks
in your overcurly hair
with a relaxer. A humi
dity-fighting formula
that gets rid of rough
spots in one simple
treatment. Leaves your
hair silky smooth. For
men or women. Call
326-3333 to make your
appointment.
v nHi& .
Beauty S
me /;
Sic I
Ploy it
straight.
Have Macy's
hair relaxer
unwind your
uptight curls
25.00
If vour hair makes waves
where you don't want
them, relax. We can
smooth out the kinks
in your overcurly hair
with a relaxer. A humi
dity-fighting formula
that gets rid of rough
spots in one simple
treatment. Leaves your
hair silky smooth. For
men or women. Call
326-3333 to make your
appointment.
v nHi& .
Beauty S
me /;
Sic I
Ploy it
straight.
Have Macy's
hair relaxer
unwind your
uptight curls
25.00
If vour hair makes waves
where you don't want
them, relax. We can
smooth out the kinks
in your overcurly hair
with a relaxer. A humi
dity-fighting formula
that gets rid of rough
spots in one simple
treatment. Leaves your
hair silky smooth. For
men or women. Call
326-3333 to make your
appointment.
v nHi& .
Beauty S
me /;
Sic I
Ploy it
straight.
Have Macy's
hair relaxer
unwind your
uptight curls
25.00
If vour hair makes waves
where you don't want
them, relax. We can
smooth out the kinks
in your overcurly hair
with a relaxer. A humi
dity-fighting formula
that gets rid of rough
spots in one simple
treatment. Leaves your
hair silky smooth. For
men or women. Call
326-3333 to make your
appointment.
v nHi& .
Beauty S
me /;
Sic I
Ploy it
straight.
Have Macy's
hair relaxer
unwind your
uptight curls
25.00
If vour hair makes waves
where you don't want
them, relax. We can
smooth out the kinks
in your overcurly hair
with a relaxer. A humi
dity-fighting formula
that gets rid of rough
spots in one simple
treatment. Leaves your
hair silky smooth. For
men or women. Call
326-3333 to make your
appointment.
v nHi& .
Beauty S
me /;
Sic I
Ploy it
straight.
Have Macy's
hair relaxer
unwind your
uptight curls
25.00
If vour hair makes waves
where you don't want
them, relax. We can
smooth out the kinks
in your overcurly hair
with a relaxer. A humi
dity-fighting formula
that gets rid of rough
spots in one simple
treatment. Leaves your
hair silky smooth. For
men or women. Call
326-3333 to make your
appointment.
v nHi& .
Beauty S
me /;
Sic I
Ploy it
straight.
Have Macy's
hair relaxer
unwind your
uptight curls
25.00
If vour hair makes waves
where you don't want
them, relax. We can
smooth out the kinks
in your overcurly hair
with a relaxer. A humi
dity-fighting formula
that gets rid of rough
spots in one simple
treatment. Leaves your
hair silky smooth. For
men or women. Call
326-3333 to make your
appointment.
v nHi& .
Beauty S
me /;
Sic I
Ploy it
straight.
Have Macy's
hair relaxer
unwind your
uptight curls
25.00
If vour hair makes waves
where you don't want
them, relax. We can
smooth out the kinks
in your overcurly hair
with a relaxer. A humi
dity-fighting formula
that gets rid of rough
spots in one simple
treatment. Leaves your
hair silky smooth. For
men or women. Call
326-3333 to make your
appointment.
v nHi& .
Beauty S
me /;
Sic I
Ploy it
straight.
Have Macy's
hair relaxer
unwind your
uptight curls
25.00
If vour hair makes waves
where you don't want
them, relax. We can
smooth out the kinks
in your overcurly hair
with a relaxer. A humi
dity-fighting formula
that gets rid of rough
spots in one simple
treatment. Leaves your
hair silky smooth. For
men or women. Call
326-3333 to make your
appointment.
v nHi& .
Beauty S
me /;
Sic I
Ploy it
straight.
Have Macy's
hair relaxer
unwind your
uptight curls
25.00
If vour hair makes waves
where you don't want
them, relax. We can
smooth out the kinks
in your overcurly hair
with a relaxer. A humi
dity-fighting formula
that gets rid of rough
spots in one simple
treatment. Leaves your
hair silky smooth. For
men or women. Call
326-3333 to make your
appointment.
v nHi& .
Beauty S
me /;
Sic I
