# Nestorian.
## 
### 
The following is the program of
the Nestorian Literary Society for
Nov. 16.
Extemporaneous speech ; dec
lamation, Simons, '97; extempo
raneous debate, two members; ex
temporaneous speech: regular de
bate: "Resolved, That it should be
the policy of the United States to
so extend the Monroe doctrine that
all the American republics shall
have a common army and navy";
affirmative, Smith, '97, and liar
wood, '96; negative, Howard, '98,
and llaffey, '98.
The following is the program of
the Nestorian Literary Society for
Nov. 16.
Extemporaneous speech ; dec
lamation, Simons, '97; extempo
raneous debate, two members; ex
temporaneous speech: regular de
bate: "Resolved, That it should be
the policy of the United States to
so extend the Monroe doctrine that
all the American republics shall
have a common army and navy";
affirmative, Smith, '97, and liar
wood, '96; negative, Howard, '98,
and llaffey, '98.
The following is the program of
the Nestorian Literary Society for
Nov. 16.
Extemporaneous speech ; dec
lamation, Simons, '97; extempo
raneous debate, two members; ex
temporaneous speech: regular de
bate: "Resolved, That it should be
the policy of the United States to
so extend the Monroe doctrine that
all the American republics shall
have a common army and navy";
affirmative, Smith, '97, and liar
wood, '96; negative, Howard, '98,
and llaffey, '98.
The following is the program of
the Nestorian Literary Society for
Nov. 16.
Extemporaneous speech ; dec
lamation, Simons, '97; extempo
raneous debate, two members; ex
temporaneous speech: regular de
bate: "Resolved, That it should be
the policy of the United States to
so extend the Monroe doctrine that
all the American republics shall
have a common army and navy";
affirmative, Smith, '97, and liar
wood, '96; negative, Howard, '98,
and llaffey, '98.
