# Untitled Article
## 
### 
That the dangers of football are
exaggerated is well shown by the
fact that while our football squad
of sixty men, more or less, has
played for two months and but two
ribs have been broken, three
faculty ribs have been broken in
the past week. This seems con
clusive proof that at least as far
as ribs are concerned the wild
career of the football man is safer
than the quiet life of a professor.
That the dangers of football are
exaggerated is well shown by the
fact that while our football squad
of sixty men, more or less, has
played for two months and but two
ribs have been broken, three
faculty ribs have been broken in
the past week. This seems con
clusive proof that at least as far
as ribs are concerned the wild
career of the football man is safer
than the quiet life of a professor.
That the dangers of football are
exaggerated is well shown by the
fact that while our football squad
of sixty men, more or less, has
played for two months and but two
ribs have been broken, three
faculty ribs have been broken in
the past week. This seems con
clusive proof that at least as far
as ribs are concerned the wild
career of the football man is safer
than the quiet life of a professor.
That the dangers of football are
exaggerated is well shown by the
fact that while our football squad
of sixty men, more or less, has
played for two months and but two
ribs have been broken, three
faculty ribs have been broken in
the past week. This seems con
clusive proof that at least as far
as ribs are concerned the wild
career of the football man is safer
than the quiet life of a professor.
