# Adv. 34 Page 13
## 
### 
LOS ALTOS
SHOPPING
GUIDE
Ml OS
QJa
sfe
a
r
u
$
%
m
KO
The search for the unusual in gifts, gourmet foods, cooking equipment, and fashions for the family is made easy in the friendly
small town atmosphere of Los Altos Village. The many small shops, located near accessible free parking plazas, offer an exceptional
variety of merchandise not found in larger shopping centers. An added bonus is the friendly, personal service provided by the
merchants.
5
S 10 Minutes
from
i Stanford Campus
LOS ALTOS
SHOPPING
GUIDE
Ml OS
QJa
sfe
a
r
u
$
%
m
KO
The search for the unusual in gifts, gourmet foods, cooking equipment, and fashions for the family is made easy in the friendly
small town atmosphere of Los Altos Village. The many small shops, located near accessible free parking plazas, offer an exceptional
variety of merchandise not found in larger shopping centers. An added bonus is the friendly, personal service provided by the
merchants.
5
S 10 Minutes
from
i Stanford Campus
LOS ALTOS
SHOPPING
GUIDE
Ml OS
QJa
sfe
a
r
u
$
%
m
KO
The search for the unusual in gifts, gourmet foods, cooking equipment, and fashions for the family is made easy in the friendly
small town atmosphere of Los Altos Village. The many small shops, located near accessible free parking plazas, offer an exceptional
variety of merchandise not found in larger shopping centers. An added bonus is the friendly, personal service provided by the
merchants.
5
S 10 Minutes
from
i Stanford Campus
LOS ALTOS
SHOPPING
GUIDE
Ml OS
QJa
sfe
a
r
u
$
%
m
KO
The search for the unusual in gifts, gourmet foods, cooking equipment, and fashions for the family is made easy in the friendly
small town atmosphere of Los Altos Village. The many small shops, located near accessible free parking plazas, offer an exceptional
variety of merchandise not found in larger shopping centers. An added bonus is the friendly, personal service provided by the
merchants.
5
S 10 Minutes
from
i Stanford Campus
LOS ALTOS
SHOPPING
GUIDE
Ml OS
QJa
sfe
a
r
u
$
%
m
KO
The search for the unusual in gifts, gourmet foods, cooking equipment, and fashions for the family is made easy in the friendly
small town atmosphere of Los Altos Village. The many small shops, located near accessible free parking plazas, offer an exceptional
variety of merchandise not found in larger shopping centers. An added bonus is the friendly, personal service provided by the
merchants.
5
S 10 Minutes
from
i Stanford Campus
LOS ALTOS
SHOPPING
GUIDE
Ml OS
QJa
sfe
a
r
u
$
%
m
KO
The search for the unusual in gifts, gourmet foods, cooking equipment, and fashions for the family is made easy in the friendly
small town atmosphere of Los Altos Village. The many small shops, located near accessible free parking plazas, offer an exceptional
variety of merchandise not found in larger shopping centers. An added bonus is the friendly, personal service provided by the
merchants.
5
S 10 Minutes
from
i Stanford Campus
LOS ALTOS
SHOPPING
GUIDE
Ml OS
QJa
sfe
a
r
u
$
%
m
KO
The search for the unusual in gifts, gourmet foods, cooking equipment, and fashions for the family is made easy in the friendly
small town atmosphere of Los Altos Village. The many small shops, located near accessible free parking plazas, offer an exceptional
variety of merchandise not found in larger shopping centers. An added bonus is the friendly, personal service provided by the
merchants.
5
S 10 Minutes
from
i Stanford Campus
LOS ALTOS
SHOPPING
GUIDE
Ml OS
QJa
sfe
a
r
u
$
%
m
KO
The search for the unusual in gifts, gourmet foods, cooking equipment, and fashions for the family is made easy in the friendly
small town atmosphere of Los Altos Village. The many small shops, located near accessible free parking plazas, offer an exceptional
variety of merchandise not found in larger shopping centers. An added bonus is the friendly, personal service provided by the
merchants.
5
S 10 Minutes
from
i Stanford Campus
