# 'Spring Fling'
## 
### 
The "Spring Fling" will be held
tomorrow evening "under the stats"
on the Vil'age tennis courts. The
all - campus dance is being spon
sored from 9 to 1 by the Village
Activities Committee.
Jack Reed and his orchestra will
play at the affair. Claude Genti!,
student exhibitionist dancer, will
entertain with his "Creole War
Dance." and the Village 110 quar
tette is to sing novelty numbers.
Master o 1 ceremonies will be Art
Deibert.
Quad clothes will be in order, and
couples should be prepared to com
pete tor "best couple" prizes, don
nated by 'ocal merchants, to be
awarded throughout the evening.
Lyle Snow, chairman, advises.
Tickets may be purchased on
campus tor $1.80 or at the door.
