# Closed Events
## 
### 
Closed events tonight are the Biz
School off - campus party, Lathrop
barbecue and off - campus dance,
übberley iormal, Beta Theta Pi
party, AKL dance, and Granada
dinner-dance.
Saturday closed functions will in
clude Encina Wings 2W and HW off
campus party, Village 20(>A beach
party; Theta Delta Chi off-campus
dance, and Kappa Alpha party.
Theta Xi's will hold a closed off
campus party Sunday.
Closed events tonight are the Biz
School off - campus party, Lathrop
barbecue and off - campus dance,
übberley iormal, Beta Theta Pi
party, AKL dance, and Granada
dinner-dance.
Saturday closed functions will in
clude Encina Wings 2W and HW off
campus party, Village 20(>A beach
party; Theta Delta Chi off-campus
dance, and Kappa Alpha party.
Theta Xi's will hold a closed off
campus party Sunday.
Closed events tonight are the Biz
School off - campus party, Lathrop
barbecue and off - campus dance,
übberley iormal, Beta Theta Pi
party, AKL dance, and Granada
dinner-dance.
Saturday closed functions will in
clude Encina Wings 2W and HW off
campus party, Village 20(>A beach
party; Theta Delta Chi off-campus
dance, and Kappa Alpha party.
Theta Xi's will hold a closed off
campus party Sunday.
Closed events tonight are the Biz
School off - campus party, Lathrop
barbecue and off - campus dance,
übberley iormal, Beta Theta Pi
party, AKL dance, and Granada
dinner-dance.
Saturday closed functions will in
clude Encina Wings 2W and HW off
campus party, Village 20(>A beach
party; Theta Delta Chi off-campus
dance, and Kappa Alpha party.
Theta Xi's will hold a closed off
campus party Sunday.
Closed events tonight are the Biz
School off - campus party, Lathrop
barbecue and off - campus dance,
übberley iormal, Beta Theta Pi
party, AKL dance, and Granada
dinner-dance.
Saturday closed functions will in
clude Encina Wings 2W and HW off
campus party, Village 20(>A beach
party; Theta Delta Chi off-campus
dance, and Kappa Alpha party.
Theta Xi's will hold a closed off
campus party Sunday.
Closed events tonight are the Biz
School off - campus party, Lathrop
barbecue and off - campus dance,
übberley iormal, Beta Theta Pi
party, AKL dance, and Granada
dinner-dance.
Saturday closed functions will in
clude Encina Wings 2W and HW off
campus party, Village 20(>A beach
party; Theta Delta Chi off-campus
dance, and Kappa Alpha party.
Theta Xi's will hold a closed off
campus party Sunday.
Closed events tonight are the Biz
School off - campus party, Lathrop
barbecue and off - campus dance,
übberley iormal, Beta Theta Pi
party, AKL dance, and Granada
dinner-dance.
Saturday closed functions will in
clude Encina Wings 2W and HW off
campus party, Village 20(>A beach
party; Theta Delta Chi off-campus
dance, and Kappa Alpha party.
Theta Xi's will hold a closed off
campus party Sunday.
Closed events tonight are the Biz
School off - campus party, Lathrop
barbecue and off - campus dance,
übberley iormal, Beta Theta Pi
party, AKL dance, and Granada
dinner-dance.
Saturday closed functions will in
clude Encina Wings 2W and HW off
campus party, Village 20(>A beach
party; Theta Delta Chi off-campus
dance, and Kappa Alpha party.
Theta Xi's will hold a closed off
campus party Sunday.
Closed events tonight are the Biz
School off - campus party, Lathrop
barbecue and off - campus dance,
übberley iormal, Beta Theta Pi
party, AKL dance, and Granada
dinner-dance.
Saturday closed functions will in
clude Encina Wings 2W and HW off
campus party, Village 20(>A beach
party; Theta Delta Chi off-campus
dance, and Kappa Alpha party.
Theta Xi's will hold a closed off
campus party Sunday.
Closed events tonight are the Biz
School off - campus party, Lathrop
barbecue and off - campus dance,
übberley iormal, Beta Theta Pi
party, AKL dance, and Granada
dinner-dance.
Saturday closed functions will in
clude Encina Wings 2W and HW off
campus party, Village 20(>A beach
party; Theta Delta Chi off-campus
dance, and Kappa Alpha party.
Theta Xi's will hold a closed off
campus party Sunday.
Closed events tonight are the Biz
School off - campus party, Lathrop
barbecue and off - campus dance,
übberley iormal, Beta Theta Pi
party, AKL dance, and Granada
dinner-dance.
Saturday closed functions will in
clude Encina Wings 2W and HW off
campus party, Village 20(>A beach
party; Theta Delta Chi off-campus
dance, and Kappa Alpha party.
Theta Xi's will hold a closed off
campus party Sunday.
Closed events tonight are the Biz
School off - campus party, Lathrop
barbecue and off - campus dance,
übberley iormal, Beta Theta Pi
party, AKL dance, and Granada
dinner-dance.
Saturday closed functions will in
clude Encina Wings 2W and HW off
campus party, Village 20(>A beach
party; Theta Delta Chi off-campus
dance, and Kappa Alpha party.
Theta Xi's will hold a closed off
campus party Sunday.
Closed events tonight are the Biz
School off - campus party, Lathrop
barbecue and off - campus dance,
übberley iormal, Beta Theta Pi
party, AKL dance, and Granada
dinner-dance.
Saturday closed functions will in
clude Encina Wings 2W and HW off
campus party, Village 20(>A beach
party; Theta Delta Chi off-campus
dance, and Kappa Alpha party.
Theta Xi's will hold a closed off
campus party Sunday.
Closed events tonight are the Biz
School off - campus party, Lathrop
barbecue and off - campus dance,
übberley iormal, Beta Theta Pi
party, AKL dance, and Granada
dinner-dance.
Saturday closed functions will in
clude Encina Wings 2W and HW off
campus party, Village 20(>A beach
party; Theta Delta Chi off-campus
dance, and Kappa Alpha party.
Theta Xi's will hold a closed off
campus party Sunday.
