# SENIOR SCROLL
## 
### 
Graduating seniors are urged to
sicn the traditional scroll at the
ASSU office. The scroll with the
names of the class of '49 will he
displayed under glass on Senior
Day.
Graduating seniors are urged to
sicn the traditional scroll at the
ASSU office. The scroll with the
names of the class of '49 will he
displayed under glass on Senior
Day.
Graduating seniors are urged to
sicn the traditional scroll at the
ASSU office. The scroll with the
names of the class of '49 will he
displayed under glass on Senior
Day.
Graduating seniors are urged to
sicn the traditional scroll at the
ASSU office. The scroll with the
names of the class of '49 will he
displayed under glass on Senior
Day.
Graduating seniors are urged to
sicn the traditional scroll at the
ASSU office. The scroll with the
names of the class of '49 will he
displayed under glass on Senior
Day.
Graduating seniors are urged to
sicn the traditional scroll at the
ASSU office. The scroll with the
names of the class of '49 will he
displayed under glass on Senior
Day.
Graduating seniors are urged to
sicn the traditional scroll at the
ASSU office. The scroll with the
names of the class of '49 will he
displayed under glass on Senior
Day.
Graduating seniors are urged to
sicn the traditional scroll at the
ASSU office. The scroll with the
names of the class of '49 will he
displayed under glass on Senior
Day.
Graduating seniors are urged to
sicn the traditional scroll at the
ASSU office. The scroll with the
names of the class of '49 will he
displayed under glass on Senior
Day.
Graduating seniors are urged to
sicn the traditional scroll at the
ASSU office. The scroll with the
names of the class of '49 will he
displayed under glass on Senior
Day.
Graduating seniors are urged to
sicn the traditional scroll at the
ASSU office. The scroll with the
names of the class of '49 will he
displayed under glass on Senior
Day.
Graduating seniors are urged to
sicn the traditional scroll at the
ASSU office. The scroll with the
names of the class of '49 will he
displayed under glass on Senior
Day.
Graduating seniors are urged to
sicn the traditional scroll at the
ASSU office. The scroll with the
names of the class of '49 will he
displayed under glass on Senior
Day.
Graduating seniors are urged to
sicn the traditional scroll at the
ASSU office. The scroll with the
names of the class of '49 will he
displayed under glass on Senior
Day.
