# Med School's New Surgery Head Named
## 
### 
A surgeon of international rep
utation, Dr. Garrolt Allen of the
University of Chicago, has been
named to head Stanford Medical
School's Department of Surgery.
Dean Robert 11. Alway announced
yesterday.
Dr. Allen will begin his new
duties on July 1, just prior to the
opening of the Medical School's
new 322 million site on the cam
pus.
lie is now professor of surgery
and attending surgeon at the Uni
versity of Chicago Clinics. Allen
is admired by his colleagues not
only for his ability as a surgeon,
but also as a teacher and investi
gator. His research has brought
him numerous awards, including
gold medals from the American
Medical Association and the JI li
nois State Medical Society.
Another staff mcmher, Dr Wil
liam P. Cregcr, associate profes
sor of medicine, has been award
ed a $12,000 gran! for cancer re
search by the Damon llunyon Me
morial Fund. The award was pre
sented by Louis It. Lurie of the
Runyon Fund Roard of Directors.
This brings the total Stanford
grant', from the fund tu $1j0,233
since 1047.
A surgeon of international rep
utation, Dr. Garrolt Allen of the
University of Chicago, has been
named to head Stanford Medical
School's Department of Surgery.
Dean Robert 11. Alway announced
yesterday.
Dr. Allen will begin his new
duties on July 1, just prior to the
opening of the Medical School's
new 322 million site on the cam
pus.
lie is now professor of surgery
and attending surgeon at the Uni
versity of Chicago Clinics. Allen
is admired by his colleagues not
only for his ability as a surgeon,
but also as a teacher and investi
gator. His research has brought
him numerous awards, including
gold medals from the American
Medical Association and the JI li
nois State Medical Society.
Another staff mcmher, Dr Wil
liam P. Cregcr, associate profes
sor of medicine, has been award
ed a $12,000 gran! for cancer re
search by the Damon llunyon Me
morial Fund. The award was pre
sented by Louis It. Lurie of the
Runyon Fund Roard of Directors.
This brings the total Stanford
grant', from the fund tu $1j0,233
since 1047.
A surgeon of international rep
utation, Dr. Garrolt Allen of the
University of Chicago, has been
named to head Stanford Medical
School's Department of Surgery.
Dean Robert 11. Alway announced
yesterday.
Dr. Allen will begin his new
duties on July 1, just prior to the
opening of the Medical School's
new 322 million site on the cam
pus.
lie is now professor of surgery
and attending surgeon at the Uni
versity of Chicago Clinics. Allen
is admired by his colleagues not
only for his ability as a surgeon,
but also as a teacher and investi
gator. His research has brought
him numerous awards, including
gold medals from the American
Medical Association and the JI li
nois State Medical Society.
Another staff mcmher, Dr Wil
liam P. Cregcr, associate profes
sor of medicine, has been award
ed a $12,000 gran! for cancer re
search by the Damon llunyon Me
morial Fund. The award was pre
sented by Louis It. Lurie of the
Runyon Fund Roard of Directors.
This brings the total Stanford
grant', from the fund tu $1j0,233
since 1047.
A surgeon of international rep
utation, Dr. Garrolt Allen of the
University of Chicago, has been
named to head Stanford Medical
School's Department of Surgery.
Dean Robert 11. Alway announced
yesterday.
Dr. Allen will begin his new
duties on July 1, just prior to the
opening of the Medical School's
new 322 million site on the cam
pus.
lie is now professor of surgery
and attending surgeon at the Uni
versity of Chicago Clinics. Allen
is admired by his colleagues not
only for his ability as a surgeon,
but also as a teacher and investi
gator. His research has brought
him numerous awards, including
gold medals from the American
Medical Association and the JI li
nois State Medical Society.
Another staff mcmher, Dr Wil
liam P. Cregcr, associate profes
sor of medicine, has been award
ed a $12,000 gran! for cancer re
search by the Damon llunyon Me
morial Fund. The award was pre
sented by Louis It. Lurie of the
Runyon Fund Roard of Directors.
This brings the total Stanford
grant', from the fund tu $1j0,233
since 1047.
A surgeon of international rep
utation, Dr. Garrolt Allen of the
University of Chicago, has been
named to head Stanford Medical
School's Department of Surgery.
Dean Robert 11. Alway announced
yesterday.
Dr. Allen will begin his new
duties on July 1, just prior to the
opening of the Medical School's
new 322 million site on the cam
pus.
lie is now professor of surgery
and attending surgeon at the Uni
versity of Chicago Clinics. Allen
is admired by his colleagues not
only for his ability as a surgeon,
but also as a teacher and investi
gator. His research has brought
him numerous awards, including
gold medals from the American
Medical Association and the JI li
nois State Medical Society.
Another staff mcmher, Dr Wil
liam P. Cregcr, associate profes
sor of medicine, has been award
ed a $12,000 gran! for cancer re
search by the Damon llunyon Me
morial Fund. The award was pre
sented by Louis It. Lurie of the
Runyon Fund Roard of Directors.
This brings the total Stanford
grant', from the fund tu $1j0,233
since 1047.
A surgeon of international rep
utation, Dr. Garrolt Allen of the
University of Chicago, has been
named to head Stanford Medical
School's Department of Surgery.
Dean Robert 11. Alway announced
yesterday.
Dr. Allen will begin his new
duties on July 1, just prior to the
opening of the Medical School's
new 322 million site on the cam
pus.
lie is now professor of surgery
and attending surgeon at the Uni
versity of Chicago Clinics. Allen
is admired by his colleagues not
only for his ability as a surgeon,
but also as a teacher and investi
gator. His research has brought
him numerous awards, including
gold medals from the American
Medical Association and the JI li
nois State Medical Society.
Another staff mcmher, Dr Wil
liam P. Cregcr, associate profes
sor of medicine, has been award
ed a $12,000 gran! for cancer re
search by the Damon llunyon Me
morial Fund. The award was pre
sented by Louis It. Lurie of the
Runyon Fund Roard of Directors.
This brings the total Stanford
grant', from the fund tu $1j0,233
since 1047.
A surgeon of international rep
utation, Dr. Garrolt Allen of the
University of Chicago, has been
named to head Stanford Medical
School's Department of Surgery.
Dean Robert 11. Alway announced
yesterday.
Dr. Allen will begin his new
duties on July 1, just prior to the
opening of the Medical School's
new 322 million site on the cam
pus.
lie is now professor of surgery
and attending surgeon at the Uni
versity of Chicago Clinics. Allen
is admired by his colleagues not
only for his ability as a surgeon,
but also as a teacher and investi
gator. His research has brought
him numerous awards, including
gold medals from the American
Medical Association and the JI li
nois State Medical Society.
Another staff mcmher, Dr Wil
liam P. Cregcr, associate profes
sor of medicine, has been award
ed a $12,000 gran! for cancer re
search by the Damon llunyon Me
morial Fund. The award was pre
sented by Louis It. Lurie of the
Runyon Fund Roard of Directors.
This brings the total Stanford
grant', from the fund tu $1j0,233
since 1047.
A surgeon of international rep
utation, Dr. Garrolt Allen of the
University of Chicago, has been
named to head Stanford Medical
School's Department of Surgery.
Dean Robert 11. Alway announced
yesterday.
Dr. Allen will begin his new
duties on July 1, just prior to the
opening of the Medical School's
new 322 million site on the cam
pus.
lie is now professor of surgery
and attending surgeon at the Uni
versity of Chicago Clinics. Allen
is admired by his colleagues not
only for his ability as a surgeon,
but also as a teacher and investi
gator. His research has brought
him numerous awards, including
gold medals from the American
Medical Association and the JI li
nois State Medical Society.
Another staff mcmher, Dr Wil
liam P. Cregcr, associate profes
sor of medicine, has been award
ed a $12,000 gran! for cancer re
search by the Damon llunyon Me
morial Fund. The award was pre
sented by Louis It. Lurie of the
Runyon Fund Roard of Directors.
This brings the total Stanford
grant', from the fund tu $1j0,233
since 1047.
A surgeon of international rep
utation, Dr. Garrolt Allen of the
University of Chicago, has been
named to head Stanford Medical
School's Department of Surgery.
Dean Robert 11. Alway announced
yesterday.
Dr. Allen will begin his new
duties on July 1, just prior to the
opening of the Medical School's
new 322 million site on the cam
pus.
lie is now professor of surgery
and attending surgeon at the Uni
versity of Chicago Clinics. Allen
is admired by his colleagues not
only for his ability as a surgeon,
but also as a teacher and investi
gator. His research has brought
him numerous awards, including
gold medals from the American
Medical Association and the JI li
nois State Medical Society.
Another staff mcmher, Dr Wil
liam P. Cregcr, associate profes
sor of medicine, has been award
ed a $12,000 gran! for cancer re
search by the Damon llunyon Me
morial Fund. The award was pre
sented by Louis It. Lurie of the
Runyon Fund Roard of Directors.
This brings the total Stanford
grant', from the fund tu $1j0,233
since 1047.
A surgeon of international rep
utation, Dr. Garrolt Allen of the
University of Chicago, has been
named to head Stanford Medical
School's Department of Surgery.
Dean Robert 11. Alway announced
yesterday.
Dr. Allen will begin his new
duties on July 1, just prior to the
opening of the Medical School's
new 322 million site on the cam
pus.
lie is now professor of surgery
and attending surgeon at the Uni
versity of Chicago Clinics. Allen
is admired by his colleagues not
only for his ability as a surgeon,
but also as a teacher and investi
gator. His research has brought
him numerous awards, including
gold medals from the American
Medical Association and the JI li
nois State Medical Society.
Another staff mcmher, Dr Wil
liam P. Cregcr, associate profes
sor of medicine, has been award
ed a $12,000 gran! for cancer re
search by the Damon llunyon Me
morial Fund. The award was pre
sented by Louis It. Lurie of the
Runyon Fund Roard of Directors.
This brings the total Stanford
grant', from the fund tu $1j0,233
since 1047.
A surgeon of international rep
utation, Dr. Garrolt Allen of the
University of Chicago, has been
named to head Stanford Medical
School's Department of Surgery.
Dean Robert 11. Alway announced
yesterday.
Dr. Allen will begin his new
duties on July 1, just prior to the
opening of the Medical School's
new 322 million site on the cam
pus.
lie is now professor of surgery
and attending surgeon at the Uni
versity of Chicago Clinics. Allen
is admired by his colleagues not
only for his ability as a surgeon,
but also as a teacher and investi
gator. His research has brought
him numerous awards, including
gold medals from the American
Medical Association and the JI li
nois State Medical Society.
Another staff mcmher, Dr Wil
liam P. Cregcr, associate profes
sor of medicine, has been award
ed a $12,000 gran! for cancer re
search by the Damon llunyon Me
morial Fund. The award was pre
sented by Louis It. Lurie of the
Runyon Fund Roard of Directors.
This brings the total Stanford
grant', from the fund tu $1j0,233
since 1047.
A surgeon of international rep
utation, Dr. Garrolt Allen of the
University of Chicago, has been
named to head Stanford Medical
School's Department of Surgery.
Dean Robert 11. Alway announced
yesterday.
Dr. Allen will begin his new
duties on July 1, just prior to the
opening of the Medical School's
new 322 million site on the cam
pus.
lie is now professor of surgery
and attending surgeon at the Uni
versity of Chicago Clinics. Allen
is admired by his colleagues not
only for his ability as a surgeon,
but also as a teacher and investi
gator. His research has brought
him numerous awards, including
gold medals from the American
Medical Association and the JI li
nois State Medical Society.
Another staff mcmher, Dr Wil
liam P. Cregcr, associate profes
sor of medicine, has been award
ed a $12,000 gran! for cancer re
search by the Damon llunyon Me
morial Fund. The award was pre
sented by Louis It. Lurie of the
Runyon Fund Roard of Directors.
This brings the total Stanford
grant', from the fund tu $1j0,233
since 1047.
A surgeon of international rep
utation, Dr. Garrolt Allen of the
University of Chicago, has been
named to head Stanford Medical
School's Department of Surgery.
Dean Robert 11. Alway announced
yesterday.
Dr. Allen will begin his new
duties on July 1, just prior to the
opening of the Medical School's
new 322 million site on the cam
pus.
lie is now professor of surgery
and attending surgeon at the Uni
versity of Chicago Clinics. Allen
is admired by his colleagues not
only for his ability as a surgeon,
but also as a teacher and investi
gator. His research has brought
him numerous awards, including
gold medals from the American
Medical Association and the JI li
nois State Medical Society.
Another staff mcmher, Dr Wil
liam P. Cregcr, associate profes
sor of medicine, has been award
ed a $12,000 gran! for cancer re
search by the Damon llunyon Me
morial Fund. The award was pre
sented by Louis It. Lurie of the
Runyon Fund Roard of Directors.
This brings the total Stanford
grant', from the fund tu $1j0,233
since 1047.
A surgeon of international rep
utation, Dr. Garrolt Allen of the
University of Chicago, has been
named to head Stanford Medical
School's Department of Surgery.
Dean Robert 11. Alway announced
yesterday.
Dr. Allen will begin his new
duties on July 1, just prior to the
opening of the Medical School's
new 322 million site on the cam
pus.
lie is now professor of surgery
and attending surgeon at the Uni
versity of Chicago Clinics. Allen
is admired by his colleagues not
only for his ability as a surgeon,
but also as a teacher and investi
gator. His research has brought
him numerous awards, including
gold medals from the American
Medical Association and the JI li
nois State Medical Society.
Another staff mcmher, Dr Wil
liam P. Cregcr, associate profes
sor of medicine, has been award
ed a $12,000 gran! for cancer re
search by the Damon llunyon Me
morial Fund. The award was pre
sented by Louis It. Lurie of the
Runyon Fund Roard of Directors.
This brings the total Stanford
grant', from the fund tu $1j0,233
since 1047.
A surgeon of international rep
utation, Dr. Garrolt Allen of the
University of Chicago, has been
named to head Stanford Medical
School's Department of Surgery.
Dean Robert 11. Alway announced
yesterday.
Dr. Allen will begin his new
duties on July 1, just prior to the
opening of the Medical School's
new 322 million site on the cam
pus.
lie is now professor of surgery
and attending surgeon at the Uni
versity of Chicago Clinics. Allen
is admired by his colleagues not
only for his ability as a surgeon,
but also as a teacher and investi
gator. His research has brought
him numerous awards, including
gold medals from the American
Medical Association and the JI li
nois State Medical Society.
Another staff mcmher, Dr Wil
liam P. Cregcr, associate profes
sor of medicine, has been award
ed a $12,000 gran! for cancer re
search by the Damon llunyon Me
morial Fund. The award was pre
sented by Louis It. Lurie of the
Runyon Fund Roard of Directors.
This brings the total Stanford
grant', from the fund tu $1j0,233
since 1047.
A surgeon of international rep
utation, Dr. Garrolt Allen of the
University of Chicago, has been
named to head Stanford Medical
School's Department of Surgery.
Dean Robert 11. Alway announced
yesterday.
Dr. Allen will begin his new
duties on July 1, just prior to the
opening of the Medical School's
new 322 million site on the cam
pus.
lie is now professor of surgery
and attending surgeon at the Uni
versity of Chicago Clinics. Allen
is admired by his colleagues not
only for his ability as a surgeon,
but also as a teacher and investi
gator. His research has brought
him numerous awards, including
gold medals from the American
Medical Association and the JI li
nois State Medical Society.
Another staff mcmher, Dr Wil
liam P. Cregcr, associate profes
sor of medicine, has been award
ed a $12,000 gran! for cancer re
search by the Damon llunyon Me
morial Fund. The award was pre
sented by Louis It. Lurie of the
Runyon Fund Roard of Directors.
This brings the total Stanford
grant', from the fund tu $1j0,233
since 1047.
A surgeon of international rep
utation, Dr. Garrolt Allen of the
University of Chicago, has been
named to head Stanford Medical
School's Department of Surgery.
Dean Robert 11. Alway announced
yesterday.
Dr. Allen will begin his new
duties on July 1, just prior to the
opening of the Medical School's
new 322 million site on the cam
pus.
lie is now professor of surgery
and attending surgeon at the Uni
versity of Chicago Clinics. Allen
is admired by his colleagues not
only for his ability as a surgeon,
but also as a teacher and investi
gator. His research has brought
him numerous awards, including
gold medals from the American
Medical Association and the JI li
nois State Medical Society.
Another staff mcmher, Dr Wil
liam P. Cregcr, associate profes
sor of medicine, has been award
ed a $12,000 gran! for cancer re
search by the Damon llunyon Me
morial Fund. The award was pre
sented by Louis It. Lurie of the
Runyon Fund Roard of Directors.
This brings the total Stanford
grant', from the fund tu $1j0,233
since 1047.
