# Fun Stan Com Positions Open
## 
### 
Fundamental Stan d a r d and
Honor Code Commission will con
duct interviews during the next
two weeks for next year's com
mission. Application forms are
available at. the ASSU office to
day and tomorrow.
The commission has dual re
sponsibility of formulating long
range policy under the Funda
mental Standard and the Honor
Code and communicating these
policies to the student body.
Five positions are open for the
coming year and members of all
classes are invited to apply.
Fundamental Stan d a r d and
Honor Code Commission will con
duct interviews during the next
two weeks for next year's com
mission. Application forms are
available at. the ASSU office to
day and tomorrow.
The commission has dual re
sponsibility of formulating long
range policy under the Funda
mental Standard and the Honor
Code and communicating these
policies to the student body.
Five positions are open for the
coming year and members of all
classes are invited to apply.
Fundamental Stan d a r d and
Honor Code Commission will con
duct interviews during the next
two weeks for next year's com
mission. Application forms are
available at. the ASSU office to
day and tomorrow.
The commission has dual re
sponsibility of formulating long
range policy under the Funda
mental Standard and the Honor
Code and communicating these
policies to the student body.
Five positions are open for the
coming year and members of all
classes are invited to apply.
Fundamental Stan d a r d and
Honor Code Commission will con
duct interviews during the next
two weeks for next year's com
mission. Application forms are
available at. the ASSU office to
day and tomorrow.
The commission has dual re
sponsibility of formulating long
range policy under the Funda
mental Standard and the Honor
Code and communicating these
policies to the student body.
Five positions are open for the
coming year and members of all
classes are invited to apply.
Fundamental Stan d a r d and
Honor Code Commission will con
duct interviews during the next
two weeks for next year's com
mission. Application forms are
available at. the ASSU office to
day and tomorrow.
The commission has dual re
sponsibility of formulating long
range policy under the Funda
mental Standard and the Honor
Code and communicating these
policies to the student body.
Five positions are open for the
coming year and members of all
classes are invited to apply.
Fundamental Stan d a r d and
Honor Code Commission will con
duct interviews during the next
two weeks for next year's com
mission. Application forms are
available at. the ASSU office to
day and tomorrow.
The commission has dual re
sponsibility of formulating long
range policy under the Funda
mental Standard and the Honor
Code and communicating these
policies to the student body.
Five positions are open for the
coming year and members of all
classes are invited to apply.
Fundamental Stan d a r d and
Honor Code Commission will con
duct interviews during the next
two weeks for next year's com
mission. Application forms are
available at. the ASSU office to
day and tomorrow.
The commission has dual re
sponsibility of formulating long
range policy under the Funda
mental Standard and the Honor
Code and communicating these
policies to the student body.
Five positions are open for the
coming year and members of all
classes are invited to apply.
Fundamental Stan d a r d and
Honor Code Commission will con
duct interviews during the next
two weeks for next year's com
mission. Application forms are
available at. the ASSU office to
day and tomorrow.
The commission has dual re
sponsibility of formulating long
range policy under the Funda
mental Standard and the Honor
Code and communicating these
policies to the student body.
Five positions are open for the
coming year and members of all
classes are invited to apply.
Fundamental Stan d a r d and
Honor Code Commission will con
duct interviews during the next
two weeks for next year's com
mission. Application forms are
available at. the ASSU office to
day and tomorrow.
The commission has dual re
sponsibility of formulating long
range policy under the Funda
mental Standard and the Honor
Code and communicating these
policies to the student body.
Five positions are open for the
coming year and members of all
classes are invited to apply.
Fundamental Stan d a r d and
Honor Code Commission will con
duct interviews during the next
two weeks for next year's com
mission. Application forms are
available at. the ASSU office to
day and tomorrow.
The commission has dual re
sponsibility of formulating long
range policy under the Funda
mental Standard and the Honor
Code and communicating these
policies to the student body.
Five positions are open for the
coming year and members of all
classes are invited to apply.
Fundamental Stan d a r d and
Honor Code Commission will con
duct interviews during the next
two weeks for next year's com
mission. Application forms are
available at. the ASSU office to
day and tomorrow.
The commission has dual re
sponsibility of formulating long
range policy under the Funda
mental Standard and the Honor
Code and communicating these
policies to the student body.
Five positions are open for the
coming year and members of all
classes are invited to apply.
Fundamental Stan d a r d and
Honor Code Commission will con
duct interviews during the next
two weeks for next year's com
mission. Application forms are
available at. the ASSU office to
day and tomorrow.
The commission has dual re
sponsibility of formulating long
range policy under the Funda
mental Standard and the Honor
Code and communicating these
policies to the student body.
Five positions are open for the
coming year and members of all
classes are invited to apply.
Fundamental Stan d a r d and
Honor Code Commission will con
duct interviews during the next
two weeks for next year's com
mission. Application forms are
available at. the ASSU office to
day and tomorrow.
The commission has dual re
sponsibility of formulating long
range policy under the Funda
mental Standard and the Honor
Code and communicating these
policies to the student body.
Five positions are open for the
coming year and members of all
classes are invited to apply.
Fundamental Stan d a r d and
Honor Code Commission will con
duct interviews during the next
two weeks for next year's com
mission. Application forms are
available at. the ASSU office to
day and tomorrow.
The commission has dual re
sponsibility of formulating long
range policy under the Funda
mental Standard and the Honor
Code and communicating these
policies to the student body.
Five positions are open for the
coming year and members of all
classes are invited to apply.
Fundamental Stan d a r d and
Honor Code Commission will con
duct interviews during the next
two weeks for next year's com
mission. Application forms are
available at. the ASSU office to
day and tomorrow.
The commission has dual re
sponsibility of formulating long
range policy under the Funda
mental Standard and the Honor
Code and communicating these
policies to the student body.
Five positions are open for the
coming year and members of all
classes are invited to apply.
Fundamental Stan d a r d and
Honor Code Commission will con
duct interviews during the next
two weeks for next year's com
mission. Application forms are
available at. the ASSU office to
day and tomorrow.
The commission has dual re
sponsibility of formulating long
range policy under the Funda
mental Standard and the Honor
Code and communicating these
policies to the student body.
Five positions are open for the
coming year and members of all
classes are invited to apply.
Fundamental Stan d a r d and
Honor Code Commission will con
duct interviews during the next
two weeks for next year's com
mission. Application forms are
available at. the ASSU office to
day and tomorrow.
The commission has dual re
sponsibility of formulating long
range policy under the Funda
mental Standard and the Honor
Code and communicating these
policies to the student body.
Five positions are open for the
coming year and members of all
classes are invited to apply.
