# EXAM PETITION DEADLINE
## 
### 
Today is the last dny that stu
dents wMiing to take final exams
at other than srheduled times may
file petitions to do so at the Reg
istrar's office. Room 111-K, Inner
Quad. Petition blanks arc avail
able at the office.
Today is the last dny that stu
dents wMiing to take final exams
at other than srheduled times may
file petitions to do so at the Reg
istrar's office. Room 111-K, Inner
Quad. Petition blanks arc avail
able at the office.
Today is the last dny that stu
dents wMiing to take final exams
at other than srheduled times may
file petitions to do so at the Reg
istrar's office. Room 111-K, Inner
Quad. Petition blanks arc avail
able at the office.
Today is the last dny that stu
dents wMiing to take final exams
at other than srheduled times may
file petitions to do so at the Reg
istrar's office. Room 111-K, Inner
Quad. Petition blanks arc avail
able at the office.
Today is the last dny that stu
dents wMiing to take final exams
at other than srheduled times may
file petitions to do so at the Reg
istrar's office. Room 111-K, Inner
Quad. Petition blanks arc avail
able at the office.
Today is the last dny that stu
dents wMiing to take final exams
at other than srheduled times may
file petitions to do so at the Reg
istrar's office. Room 111-K, Inner
Quad. Petition blanks arc avail
able at the office.
Today is the last dny that stu
dents wMiing to take final exams
at other than srheduled times may
file petitions to do so at the Reg
istrar's office. Room 111-K, Inner
Quad. Petition blanks arc avail
able at the office.
Today is the last dny that stu
dents wMiing to take final exams
at other than srheduled times may
file petitions to do so at the Reg
istrar's office. Room 111-K, Inner
Quad. Petition blanks arc avail
able at the office.
Today is the last dny that stu
dents wMiing to take final exams
at other than srheduled times may
file petitions to do so at the Reg
istrar's office. Room 111-K, Inner
Quad. Petition blanks arc avail
able at the office.
Today is the last dny that stu
dents wMiing to take final exams
at other than srheduled times may
file petitions to do so at the Reg
istrar's office. Room 111-K, Inner
Quad. Petition blanks arc avail
able at the office.
Today is the last dny that stu
dents wMiing to take final exams
at other than srheduled times may
file petitions to do so at the Reg
istrar's office. Room 111-K, Inner
Quad. Petition blanks arc avail
able at the office.
Today is the last dny that stu
dents wMiing to take final exams
at other than srheduled times may
file petitions to do so at the Reg
istrar's office. Room 111-K, Inner
Quad. Petition blanks arc avail
able at the office.
Today is the last dny that stu
dents wMiing to take final exams
at other than srheduled times may
file petitions to do so at the Reg
istrar's office. Room 111-K, Inner
Quad. Petition blanks arc avail
able at the office.
