# Job Interviews
## 
### 
Representatives from Lockheed
Aircraft Corporation, California di
vision, and Douglas Aircraft Com
pany, Inc., will be on campus today
to interview students in the fields
of aeronautical, mechanical, electri
cal, and civil engineering. Candi
dates must be United States citi
zens.
* * *
Representatives of General Mo
tors Corporation will be on campus
today to interview mechanical, elec
trical, industrial, metallurgical,
chemical, and foundry engineers.
They will also interview seniors for
positions in research, experimental
and development work, production
engineering, and production super
vision.
â™¦ * *
D. P. Heacock and J. C. Smith of
Radio Corporation of America, RCA
Victor division, will be on campus
today to interview electrical, me
chanical, and industrial engineers
and physicists with B.S. or advanced
decrees for design, development,
and manufacturing phases of spe
cialized training progryns.
