# Untitled Article
## 
### 
— \V. D. Harkins, '00, professor
of chemistry in the University of
Montana, has returned here to take
work as a candidate for the degree
of Ph. I).
— \V. D. Harkins, '00, professor
of chemistry in the University of
Montana, has returned here to take
work as a candidate for the degree
of Ph. I).
— \V. D. Harkins, '00, professor
of chemistry in the University of
Montana, has returned here to take
work as a candidate for the degree
of Ph. I).
— \V. D. Harkins, '00, professor
of chemistry in the University of
Montana, has returned here to take
work as a candidate for the degree
of Ph. I).
— \V. D. Harkins, '00, professor
of chemistry in the University of
Montana, has returned here to take
work as a candidate for the degree
of Ph. I).
— \V. D. Harkins, '00, professor
of chemistry in the University of
Montana, has returned here to take
work as a candidate for the degree
of Ph. I).
— \V. D. Harkins, '00, professor
of chemistry in the University of
Montana, has returned here to take
work as a candidate for the degree
of Ph. I).
— \V. D. Harkins, '00, professor
of chemistry in the University of
Montana, has returned here to take
work as a candidate for the degree
of Ph. I).
