# Untitled Article
## 
### 
While class spirit is a thing to
be desired, it should be kept with
in reasonable bounds. One night
this week a pennant bearing class
numerals was hoisted to the top of
the flag-pole in front of the cam
pus post-ofiice and the halyards
were cut. As this flag-pole is gov
ernment property the offense is a
serious one, and a severe punish
merit is provided for any one con
victed of destroying property be
longing to the government.
While class spirit is a thing to
be desired, it should be kept with
in reasonable bounds. One night
this week a pennant bearing class
numerals was hoisted to the top of
the flag-pole in front of the cam
pus post-ofiice and the halyards
were cut. As this flag-pole is gov
ernment property the offense is a
serious one, and a severe punish
merit is provided for any one con
victed of destroying property be
longing to the government.
While class spirit is a thing to
be desired, it should be kept with
in reasonable bounds. One night
this week a pennant bearing class
numerals was hoisted to the top of
the flag-pole in front of the cam
pus post-ofiice and the halyards
were cut. As this flag-pole is gov
ernment property the offense is a
serious one, and a severe punish
merit is provided for any one con
victed of destroying property be
longing to the government.
While class spirit is a thing to
be desired, it should be kept with
in reasonable bounds. One night
this week a pennant bearing class
numerals was hoisted to the top of
the flag-pole in front of the cam
pus post-ofiice and the halyards
were cut. As this flag-pole is gov
ernment property the offense is a
serious one, and a severe punish
merit is provided for any one con
victed of destroying property be
longing to the government.
While class spirit is a thing to
be desired, it should be kept with
in reasonable bounds. One night
this week a pennant bearing class
numerals was hoisted to the top of
the flag-pole in front of the cam
pus post-ofiice and the halyards
were cut. As this flag-pole is gov
ernment property the offense is a
serious one, and a severe punish
merit is provided for any one con
victed of destroying property be
longing to the government.
While class spirit is a thing to
be desired, it should be kept with
in reasonable bounds. One night
this week a pennant bearing class
numerals was hoisted to the top of
the flag-pole in front of the cam
pus post-ofiice and the halyards
were cut. As this flag-pole is gov
ernment property the offense is a
serious one, and a severe punish
merit is provided for any one con
victed of destroying property be
longing to the government.
While class spirit is a thing to
be desired, it should be kept with
in reasonable bounds. One night
this week a pennant bearing class
numerals was hoisted to the top of
the flag-pole in front of the cam
pus post-ofiice and the halyards
were cut. As this flag-pole is gov
ernment property the offense is a
serious one, and a severe punish
merit is provided for any one con
victed of destroying property be
longing to the government.
While class spirit is a thing to
be desired, it should be kept with
in reasonable bounds. One night
this week a pennant bearing class
numerals was hoisted to the top of
the flag-pole in front of the cam
pus post-ofiice and the halyards
were cut. As this flag-pole is gov
ernment property the offense is a
serious one, and a severe punish
merit is provided for any one con
victed of destroying property be
longing to the government.
