# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Associated Press
Mass arrest
Handcuffed Palestinians squat In front of the Dome of the Rock
Mosque yesterday following rock-throwing and rioting at the
Walling Wall which killed at least 22 people and Injured 150. It
was the worst rioting in the 35-month Palestinian uprising
against Israeli occupation.

Associated Press
Mass arrest
Handcuffed Palestinians squat In front of the Dome of the Rock
Mosque yesterday following rock-throwing and rioting at the
Walling Wall which killed at least 22 people and Injured 150. It
was the worst rioting in the 35-month Palestinian uprising
against Israeli occupation.

Associated Press
Mass arrest
Handcuffed Palestinians squat In front of the Dome of the Rock
Mosque yesterday following rock-throwing and rioting at the
Walling Wall which killed at least 22 people and Injured 150. It
was the worst rioting in the 35-month Palestinian uprising
against Israeli occupation.

Associated Press
Mass arrest
Handcuffed Palestinians squat In front of the Dome of the Rock
Mosque yesterday following rock-throwing and rioting at the
Walling Wall which killed at least 22 people and Injured 150. It
was the worst rioting in the 35-month Palestinian uprising
against Israeli occupation.

Associated Press
Mass arrest
Handcuffed Palestinians squat In front of the Dome of the Rock
Mosque yesterday following rock-throwing and rioting at the
Walling Wall which killed at least 22 people and Injured 150. It
was the worst rioting in the 35-month Palestinian uprising
against Israeli occupation.

Associated Press
Mass arrest
Handcuffed Palestinians squat In front of the Dome of the Rock
Mosque yesterday following rock-throwing and rioting at the
Walling Wall which killed at least 22 people and Injured 150. It
was the worst rioting in the 35-month Palestinian uprising
against Israeli occupation.

Associated Press
Mass arrest
Handcuffed Palestinians squat In front of the Dome of the Rock
Mosque yesterday following rock-throwing and rioting at the
Walling Wall which killed at least 22 people and Injured 150. It
was the worst rioting in the 35-month Palestinian uprising
against Israeli occupation.

Associated Press
Mass arrest
Handcuffed Palestinians squat In front of the Dome of the Rock
Mosque yesterday following rock-throwing and rioting at the
Walling Wall which killed at least 22 people and Injured 150. It
was the worst rioting in the 35-month Palestinian uprising
against Israeli occupation.
