# "Big Five" Meet To Break Arms Conclave Deadlock
## 
### 
GENEVA, April 2G. (TP)—An at
tempt to smash the Disarmament
Conference deadlock will be made
Friday at a meeting of the "Big
Five" statesmen arranged today
largely through the efTorts of Sec
retary of State Henry L. Stimson.
Plans for the meeting were com
pleted at Stimson's villa during a
conference in which the Secretary
of State, Chancellor Heinrich
Bruening of Germany, and Prime
Minister Ramsay Mac Donald par
ticipated.
Dino Grandi of Italy and Premier
Andre Tardieu of France also will
take part in the Friday meeting.
GENEVA, April 2G. (TP)—An at
tempt to smash the Disarmament
Conference deadlock will be made
Friday at a meeting of the "Big
Five" statesmen arranged today
largely through the efTorts of Sec
retary of State Henry L. Stimson.
Plans for the meeting were com
pleted at Stimson's villa during a
conference in which the Secretary
of State, Chancellor Heinrich
Bruening of Germany, and Prime
Minister Ramsay Mac Donald par
ticipated.
Dino Grandi of Italy and Premier
Andre Tardieu of France also will
take part in the Friday meeting.
GENEVA, April 2G. (TP)—An at
tempt to smash the Disarmament
Conference deadlock will be made
Friday at a meeting of the "Big
Five" statesmen arranged today
largely through the efTorts of Sec
retary of State Henry L. Stimson.
Plans for the meeting were com
pleted at Stimson's villa during a
conference in which the Secretary
of State, Chancellor Heinrich
Bruening of Germany, and Prime
Minister Ramsay Mac Donald par
ticipated.
Dino Grandi of Italy and Premier
Andre Tardieu of France also will
take part in the Friday meeting.
GENEVA, April 2G. (TP)—An at
tempt to smash the Disarmament
Conference deadlock will be made
Friday at a meeting of the "Big
Five" statesmen arranged today
largely through the efTorts of Sec
retary of State Henry L. Stimson.
Plans for the meeting were com
pleted at Stimson's villa during a
conference in which the Secretary
of State, Chancellor Heinrich
Bruening of Germany, and Prime
Minister Ramsay Mac Donald par
ticipated.
Dino Grandi of Italy and Premier
Andre Tardieu of France also will
take part in the Friday meeting.
GENEVA, April 2G. (TP)—An at
tempt to smash the Disarmament
Conference deadlock will be made
Friday at a meeting of the "Big
Five" statesmen arranged today
largely through the efTorts of Sec
retary of State Henry L. Stimson.
Plans for the meeting were com
pleted at Stimson's villa during a
conference in which the Secretary
of State, Chancellor Heinrich
Bruening of Germany, and Prime
Minister Ramsay Mac Donald par
ticipated.
Dino Grandi of Italy and Premier
Andre Tardieu of France also will
take part in the Friday meeting.
GENEVA, April 2G. (TP)—An at
tempt to smash the Disarmament
Conference deadlock will be made
Friday at a meeting of the "Big
Five" statesmen arranged today
largely through the efTorts of Sec
retary of State Henry L. Stimson.
Plans for the meeting were com
pleted at Stimson's villa during a
conference in which the Secretary
of State, Chancellor Heinrich
Bruening of Germany, and Prime
Minister Ramsay Mac Donald par
ticipated.
Dino Grandi of Italy and Premier
Andre Tardieu of France also will
take part in the Friday meeting.
GENEVA, April 2G. (TP)—An at
tempt to smash the Disarmament
Conference deadlock will be made
Friday at a meeting of the "Big
Five" statesmen arranged today
largely through the efTorts of Sec
retary of State Henry L. Stimson.
Plans for the meeting were com
pleted at Stimson's villa during a
conference in which the Secretary
of State, Chancellor Heinrich
Bruening of Germany, and Prime
Minister Ramsay Mac Donald par
ticipated.
Dino Grandi of Italy and Premier
Andre Tardieu of France also will
take part in the Friday meeting.
GENEVA, April 2G. (TP)—An at
tempt to smash the Disarmament
Conference deadlock will be made
Friday at a meeting of the "Big
Five" statesmen arranged today
largely through the efTorts of Sec
retary of State Henry L. Stimson.
Plans for the meeting were com
pleted at Stimson's villa during a
conference in which the Secretary
of State, Chancellor Heinrich
Bruening of Germany, and Prime
Minister Ramsay Mac Donald par
ticipated.
Dino Grandi of Italy and Premier
Andre Tardieu of France also will
take part in the Friday meeting.
GENEVA, April 2G. (TP)—An at
tempt to smash the Disarmament
Conference deadlock will be made
Friday at a meeting of the "Big
Five" statesmen arranged today
largely through the efTorts of Sec
retary of State Henry L. Stimson.
Plans for the meeting were com
pleted at Stimson's villa during a
conference in which the Secretary
of State, Chancellor Heinrich
Bruening of Germany, and Prime
Minister Ramsay Mac Donald par
ticipated.
Dino Grandi of Italy and Premier
Andre Tardieu of France also will
take part in the Friday meeting.
GENEVA, April 2G. (TP)—An at
tempt to smash the Disarmament
Conference deadlock will be made
Friday at a meeting of the "Big
Five" statesmen arranged today
largely through the efTorts of Sec
retary of State Henry L. Stimson.
Plans for the meeting were com
pleted at Stimson's villa during a
conference in which the Secretary
of State, Chancellor Heinrich
Bruening of Germany, and Prime
Minister Ramsay Mac Donald par
ticipated.
Dino Grandi of Italy and Premier
Andre Tardieu of France also will
take part in the Friday meeting.
GENEVA, April 2G. (TP)—An at
tempt to smash the Disarmament
Conference deadlock will be made
Friday at a meeting of the "Big
Five" statesmen arranged today
largely through the efTorts of Sec
retary of State Henry L. Stimson.
Plans for the meeting were com
pleted at Stimson's villa during a
conference in which the Secretary
of State, Chancellor Heinrich
Bruening of Germany, and Prime
Minister Ramsay Mac Donald par
ticipated.
Dino Grandi of Italy and Premier
Andre Tardieu of France also will
take part in the Friday meeting.
GENEVA, April 2G. (TP)—An at
tempt to smash the Disarmament
Conference deadlock will be made
Friday at a meeting of the "Big
Five" statesmen arranged today
largely through the efTorts of Sec
retary of State Henry L. Stimson.
Plans for the meeting were com
pleted at Stimson's villa during a
conference in which the Secretary
of State, Chancellor Heinrich
Bruening of Germany, and Prime
Minister Ramsay Mac Donald par
ticipated.
Dino Grandi of Italy and Premier
Andre Tardieu of France also will
take part in the Friday meeting.
GENEVA, April 2G. (TP)—An at
tempt to smash the Disarmament
Conference deadlock will be made
Friday at a meeting of the "Big
Five" statesmen arranged today
largely through the efTorts of Sec
retary of State Henry L. Stimson.
Plans for the meeting were com
pleted at Stimson's villa during a
conference in which the Secretary
of State, Chancellor Heinrich
Bruening of Germany, and Prime
Minister Ramsay Mac Donald par
ticipated.
Dino Grandi of Italy and Premier
Andre Tardieu of France also will
take part in the Friday meeting.
GENEVA, April 2G. (TP)—An at
tempt to smash the Disarmament
Conference deadlock will be made
Friday at a meeting of the "Big
Five" statesmen arranged today
largely through the efTorts of Sec
retary of State Henry L. Stimson.
Plans for the meeting were com
pleted at Stimson's villa during a
conference in which the Secretary
of State, Chancellor Heinrich
Bruening of Germany, and Prime
Minister Ramsay Mac Donald par
ticipated.
Dino Grandi of Italy and Premier
Andre Tardieu of France also will
take part in the Friday meeting.
