# HERE AND THERE WITH THE NEWS CAMERA
## PREPARE BALLOON FOR NEW STRATOSPHERE TRIP 
### 

This picture, made In the Tyrolean Alps, shows workmen starting the difficult transportation of Prof.
Auquste Piccard's "stratosphere" balloon gondola to Brussels, where the Belgian physicist is organizing
another ascension. Because of a promise to his wife, Piccard himself will not go on the next expedition,
which he hopes will reach 12 miles into the stratosphere.

This picture, made In the Tyrolean Alps, shows workmen starting the difficult transportation of Prof.
Auquste Piccard's "stratosphere" balloon gondola to Brussels, where the Belgian physicist is organizing
another ascension. Because of a promise to his wife, Piccard himself will not go on the next expedition,
which he hopes will reach 12 miles into the stratosphere.

This picture, made In the Tyrolean Alps, shows workmen starting the difficult transportation of Prof.
Auquste Piccard's "stratosphere" balloon gondola to Brussels, where the Belgian physicist is organizing
another ascension. Because of a promise to his wife, Piccard himself will not go on the next expedition,
which he hopes will reach 12 miles into the stratosphere.

This picture, made In the Tyrolean Alps, shows workmen starting the difficult transportation of Prof.
Auquste Piccard's "stratosphere" balloon gondola to Brussels, where the Belgian physicist is organizing
another ascension. Because of a promise to his wife, Piccard himself will not go on the next expedition,
which he hopes will reach 12 miles into the stratosphere.

This picture, made In the Tyrolean Alps, shows workmen starting the difficult transportation of Prof.
Auquste Piccard's "stratosphere" balloon gondola to Brussels, where the Belgian physicist is organizing
another ascension. Because of a promise to his wife, Piccard himself will not go on the next expedition,
which he hopes will reach 12 miles into the stratosphere.

This picture, made In the Tyrolean Alps, shows workmen starting the difficult transportation of Prof.
Auquste Piccard's "stratosphere" balloon gondola to Brussels, where the Belgian physicist is organizing
another ascension. Because of a promise to his wife, Piccard himself will not go on the next expedition,
which he hopes will reach 12 miles into the stratosphere.

This picture, made In the Tyrolean Alps, shows workmen starting the difficult transportation of Prof.
Auquste Piccard's "stratosphere" balloon gondola to Brussels, where the Belgian physicist is organizing
another ascension. Because of a promise to his wife, Piccard himself will not go on the next expedition,
which he hopes will reach 12 miles into the stratosphere.

This picture, made In the Tyrolean Alps, shows workmen starting the difficult transportation of Prof.
Auquste Piccard's "stratosphere" balloon gondola to Brussels, where the Belgian physicist is organizing
another ascension. Because of a promise to his wife, Piccard himself will not go on the next expedition,
which he hopes will reach 12 miles into the stratosphere.

This picture, made In the Tyrolean Alps, shows workmen starting the difficult transportation of Prof.
Auquste Piccard's "stratosphere" balloon gondola to Brussels, where the Belgian physicist is organizing
another ascension. Because of a promise to his wife, Piccard himself will not go on the next expedition,
which he hopes will reach 12 miles into the stratosphere.

This picture, made In the Tyrolean Alps, shows workmen starting the difficult transportation of Prof.
Auquste Piccard's "stratosphere" balloon gondola to Brussels, where the Belgian physicist is organizing
another ascension. Because of a promise to his wife, Piccard himself will not go on the next expedition,
which he hopes will reach 12 miles into the stratosphere.

This picture, made In the Tyrolean Alps, shows workmen starting the difficult transportation of Prof.
Auquste Piccard's "stratosphere" balloon gondola to Brussels, where the Belgian physicist is organizing
another ascension. Because of a promise to his wife, Piccard himself will not go on the next expedition,
which he hopes will reach 12 miles into the stratosphere.

This picture, made In the Tyrolean Alps, shows workmen starting the difficult transportation of Prof.
Auquste Piccard's "stratosphere" balloon gondola to Brussels, where the Belgian physicist is organizing
another ascension. Because of a promise to his wife, Piccard himself will not go on the next expedition,
which he hopes will reach 12 miles into the stratosphere.

This picture, made In the Tyrolean Alps, shows workmen starting the difficult transportation of Prof.
Auquste Piccard's "stratosphere" balloon gondola to Brussels, where the Belgian physicist is organizing
another ascension. Because of a promise to his wife, Piccard himself will not go on the next expedition,
which he hopes will reach 12 miles into the stratosphere.

This picture, made In the Tyrolean Alps, shows workmen starting the difficult transportation of Prof.
Auquste Piccard's "stratosphere" balloon gondola to Brussels, where the Belgian physicist is organizing
another ascension. Because of a promise to his wife, Piccard himself will not go on the next expedition,
which he hopes will reach 12 miles into the stratosphere.
