# Hot Jazz Society to Metamorphose Nitery into New Orleans Hot Spot
## 
### 
Each Monday at 8 p.m. the Nitery
loses its West Coast atmosphere and
takes on the spirit of a New Or
leans honky-tonk. Who's to blame?
It's all the fault of the Hot Jazz
Society and their blues and Basin
Street music.
'"An Introduction to Jazz" will be
the theme of the session tonight, ac
cording to Oscar Anderson, the
president of the society. The pro
gram is planned for the benefit of
newcomers to the world of Dixie
land and will feature records picked
for both those already interested in
jazz and those who aren't quite
certain why music should be played
in such a manner.
"VV> are also interested in having
Stanford musicians show up at the

session tonight for the purpose of
forming' a Farm jazz band," said Os
car Anderson.
Other plans for the meeting in
clude the election of a new presi
dent, vice-president, and secretary
treasurer.
The Hot Jazz Society, which was
formed in 1944, has carried out a
program of record playing; ''field
trips" to visiting and local jazz
bauds; talks by prominent writers in
national magazines, such as "Down
beat"; and listening to radio pro
grams featuring jazz artists.
Each Monday at 8 p.m. the Nitery
loses its West Coast atmosphere and
takes on the spirit of a New Or
leans honky-tonk. Who's to blame?
It's all the fault of the Hot Jazz
Society and their blues and Basin
Street music.
'"An Introduction to Jazz" will be
the theme of the session tonight, ac
cording to Oscar Anderson, the
president of the society. The pro
gram is planned for the benefit of
newcomers to the world of Dixie
land and will feature records picked
for both those already interested in
jazz and those who aren't quite
certain why music should be played
in such a manner.
"VV> are also interested in having
Stanford musicians show up at the

session tonight for the purpose of
forming' a Farm jazz band," said Os
car Anderson.
Other plans for the meeting in
clude the election of a new presi
dent, vice-president, and secretary
treasurer.
The Hot Jazz Society, which was
formed in 1944, has carried out a
program of record playing; ''field
trips" to visiting and local jazz
bauds; talks by prominent writers in
national magazines, such as "Down
beat"; and listening to radio pro
grams featuring jazz artists.
Each Monday at 8 p.m. the Nitery
loses its West Coast atmosphere and
takes on the spirit of a New Or
leans honky-tonk. Who's to blame?
It's all the fault of the Hot Jazz
Society and their blues and Basin
Street music.
'"An Introduction to Jazz" will be
the theme of the session tonight, ac
cording to Oscar Anderson, the
president of the society. The pro
gram is planned for the benefit of
newcomers to the world of Dixie
land and will feature records picked
for both those already interested in
jazz and those who aren't quite
certain why music should be played
in such a manner.
"VV> are also interested in having
Stanford musicians show up at the

session tonight for the purpose of
forming' a Farm jazz band," said Os
car Anderson.
Other plans for the meeting in
clude the election of a new presi
dent, vice-president, and secretary
treasurer.
The Hot Jazz Society, which was
formed in 1944, has carried out a
program of record playing; ''field
trips" to visiting and local jazz
bauds; talks by prominent writers in
national magazines, such as "Down
beat"; and listening to radio pro
grams featuring jazz artists.
Each Monday at 8 p.m. the Nitery
loses its West Coast atmosphere and
takes on the spirit of a New Or
leans honky-tonk. Who's to blame?
It's all the fault of the Hot Jazz
Society and their blues and Basin
Street music.
'"An Introduction to Jazz" will be
the theme of the session tonight, ac
cording to Oscar Anderson, the
president of the society. The pro
gram is planned for the benefit of
newcomers to the world of Dixie
land and will feature records picked
for both those already interested in
jazz and those who aren't quite
certain why music should be played
in such a manner.
"VV> are also interested in having
Stanford musicians show up at the

session tonight for the purpose of
forming' a Farm jazz band," said Os
car Anderson.
Other plans for the meeting in
clude the election of a new presi
dent, vice-president, and secretary
treasurer.
The Hot Jazz Society, which was
formed in 1944, has carried out a
program of record playing; ''field
trips" to visiting and local jazz
bauds; talks by prominent writers in
national magazines, such as "Down
beat"; and listening to radio pro
grams featuring jazz artists.
Each Monday at 8 p.m. the Nitery
loses its West Coast atmosphere and
takes on the spirit of a New Or
leans honky-tonk. Who's to blame?
It's all the fault of the Hot Jazz
Society and their blues and Basin
Street music.
'"An Introduction to Jazz" will be
the theme of the session tonight, ac
cording to Oscar Anderson, the
president of the society. The pro
gram is planned for the benefit of
newcomers to the world of Dixie
land and will feature records picked
for both those already interested in
jazz and those who aren't quite
certain why music should be played
in such a manner.
"VV> are also interested in having
Stanford musicians show up at the

session tonight for the purpose of
forming' a Farm jazz band," said Os
car Anderson.
Other plans for the meeting in
clude the election of a new presi
dent, vice-president, and secretary
treasurer.
The Hot Jazz Society, which was
formed in 1944, has carried out a
program of record playing; ''field
trips" to visiting and local jazz
bauds; talks by prominent writers in
national magazines, such as "Down
beat"; and listening to radio pro
grams featuring jazz artists.
Each Monday at 8 p.m. the Nitery
loses its West Coast atmosphere and
takes on the spirit of a New Or
leans honky-tonk. Who's to blame?
It's all the fault of the Hot Jazz
Society and their blues and Basin
Street music.
'"An Introduction to Jazz" will be
the theme of the session tonight, ac
cording to Oscar Anderson, the
president of the society. The pro
gram is planned for the benefit of
newcomers to the world of Dixie
land and will feature records picked
for both those already interested in
jazz and those who aren't quite
certain why music should be played
in such a manner.
"VV> are also interested in having
Stanford musicians show up at the

session tonight for the purpose of
forming' a Farm jazz band," said Os
car Anderson.
Other plans for the meeting in
clude the election of a new presi
dent, vice-president, and secretary
treasurer.
The Hot Jazz Society, which was
formed in 1944, has carried out a
program of record playing; ''field
trips" to visiting and local jazz
bauds; talks by prominent writers in
national magazines, such as "Down
beat"; and listening to radio pro
grams featuring jazz artists.
Each Monday at 8 p.m. the Nitery
loses its West Coast atmosphere and
takes on the spirit of a New Or
leans honky-tonk. Who's to blame?
It's all the fault of the Hot Jazz
Society and their blues and Basin
Street music.
'"An Introduction to Jazz" will be
the theme of the session tonight, ac
cording to Oscar Anderson, the
president of the society. The pro
gram is planned for the benefit of
newcomers to the world of Dixie
land and will feature records picked
for both those already interested in
jazz and those who aren't quite
certain why music should be played
in such a manner.
"VV> are also interested in having
Stanford musicians show up at the

session tonight for the purpose of
forming' a Farm jazz band," said Os
car Anderson.
Other plans for the meeting in
clude the election of a new presi
dent, vice-president, and secretary
treasurer.
The Hot Jazz Society, which was
formed in 1944, has carried out a
program of record playing; ''field
trips" to visiting and local jazz
bauds; talks by prominent writers in
national magazines, such as "Down
beat"; and listening to radio pro
grams featuring jazz artists.
Each Monday at 8 p.m. the Nitery
loses its West Coast atmosphere and
takes on the spirit of a New Or
leans honky-tonk. Who's to blame?
It's all the fault of the Hot Jazz
Society and their blues and Basin
Street music.
'"An Introduction to Jazz" will be
the theme of the session tonight, ac
cording to Oscar Anderson, the
president of the society. The pro
gram is planned for the benefit of
newcomers to the world of Dixie
land and will feature records picked
for both those already interested in
jazz and those who aren't quite
certain why music should be played
in such a manner.
"VV> are also interested in having
Stanford musicians show up at the

session tonight for the purpose of
forming' a Farm jazz band," said Os
car Anderson.
Other plans for the meeting in
clude the election of a new presi
dent, vice-president, and secretary
treasurer.
The Hot Jazz Society, which was
formed in 1944, has carried out a
program of record playing; ''field
trips" to visiting and local jazz
bauds; talks by prominent writers in
national magazines, such as "Down
beat"; and listening to radio pro
grams featuring jazz artists.
Each Monday at 8 p.m. the Nitery
loses its West Coast atmosphere and
takes on the spirit of a New Or
leans honky-tonk. Who's to blame?
It's all the fault of the Hot Jazz
Society and their blues and Basin
Street music.
'"An Introduction to Jazz" will be
the theme of the session tonight, ac
cording to Oscar Anderson, the
president of the society. The pro
gram is planned for the benefit of
newcomers to the world of Dixie
land and will feature records picked
for both those already interested in
jazz and those who aren't quite
certain why music should be played
in such a manner.
"VV> are also interested in having
Stanford musicians show up at the

session tonight for the purpose of
forming' a Farm jazz band," said Os
car Anderson.
Other plans for the meeting in
clude the election of a new presi
dent, vice-president, and secretary
treasurer.
The Hot Jazz Society, which was
formed in 1944, has carried out a
program of record playing; ''field
trips" to visiting and local jazz
bauds; talks by prominent writers in
national magazines, such as "Down
beat"; and listening to radio pro
grams featuring jazz artists.
Each Monday at 8 p.m. the Nitery
loses its West Coast atmosphere and
takes on the spirit of a New Or
leans honky-tonk. Who's to blame?
It's all the fault of the Hot Jazz
Society and their blues and Basin
Street music.
'"An Introduction to Jazz" will be
the theme of the session tonight, ac
cording to Oscar Anderson, the
president of the society. The pro
gram is planned for the benefit of
newcomers to the world of Dixie
land and will feature records picked
for both those already interested in
jazz and those who aren't quite
certain why music should be played
in such a manner.
"VV> are also interested in having
Stanford musicians show up at the

session tonight for the purpose of
forming' a Farm jazz band," said Os
car Anderson.
Other plans for the meeting in
clude the election of a new presi
dent, vice-president, and secretary
treasurer.
The Hot Jazz Society, which was
formed in 1944, has carried out a
program of record playing; ''field
trips" to visiting and local jazz
bauds; talks by prominent writers in
national magazines, such as "Down
beat"; and listening to radio pro
grams featuring jazz artists.
Each Monday at 8 p.m. the Nitery
loses its West Coast atmosphere and
takes on the spirit of a New Or
leans honky-tonk. Who's to blame?
It's all the fault of the Hot Jazz
Society and their blues and Basin
Street music.
'"An Introduction to Jazz" will be
the theme of the session tonight, ac
cording to Oscar Anderson, the
president of the society. The pro
gram is planned for the benefit of
newcomers to the world of Dixie
land and will feature records picked
for both those already interested in
jazz and those who aren't quite
certain why music should be played
in such a manner.
"VV> are also interested in having
Stanford musicians show up at the

session tonight for the purpose of
forming' a Farm jazz band," said Os
car Anderson.
Other plans for the meeting in
clude the election of a new presi
dent, vice-president, and secretary
treasurer.
The Hot Jazz Society, which was
formed in 1944, has carried out a
program of record playing; ''field
trips" to visiting and local jazz
bauds; talks by prominent writers in
national magazines, such as "Down
beat"; and listening to radio pro
grams featuring jazz artists.
Each Monday at 8 p.m. the Nitery
loses its West Coast atmosphere and
takes on the spirit of a New Or
leans honky-tonk. Who's to blame?
It's all the fault of the Hot Jazz
Society and their blues and Basin
Street music.
'"An Introduction to Jazz" will be
the theme of the session tonight, ac
cording to Oscar Anderson, the
president of the society. The pro
gram is planned for the benefit of
newcomers to the world of Dixie
land and will feature records picked
for both those already interested in
jazz and those who aren't quite
certain why music should be played
in such a manner.
"VV> are also interested in having
Stanford musicians show up at the

session tonight for the purpose of
forming' a Farm jazz band," said Os
car Anderson.
Other plans for the meeting in
clude the election of a new presi
dent, vice-president, and secretary
treasurer.
The Hot Jazz Society, which was
formed in 1944, has carried out a
program of record playing; ''field
trips" to visiting and local jazz
bauds; talks by prominent writers in
national magazines, such as "Down
beat"; and listening to radio pro
grams featuring jazz artists.
Each Monday at 8 p.m. the Nitery
loses its West Coast atmosphere and
takes on the spirit of a New Or
leans honky-tonk. Who's to blame?
It's all the fault of the Hot Jazz
Society and their blues and Basin
Street music.
'"An Introduction to Jazz" will be
the theme of the session tonight, ac
cording to Oscar Anderson, the
president of the society. The pro
gram is planned for the benefit of
newcomers to the world of Dixie
land and will feature records picked
for both those already interested in
jazz and those who aren't quite
certain why music should be played
in such a manner.
"VV> are also interested in having
Stanford musicians show up at the

session tonight for the purpose of
forming' a Farm jazz band," said Os
car Anderson.
Other plans for the meeting in
clude the election of a new presi
dent, vice-president, and secretary
treasurer.
The Hot Jazz Society, which was
formed in 1944, has carried out a
program of record playing; ''field
trips" to visiting and local jazz
bauds; talks by prominent writers in
national magazines, such as "Down
beat"; and listening to radio pro
grams featuring jazz artists.
Each Monday at 8 p.m. the Nitery
loses its West Coast atmosphere and
takes on the spirit of a New Or
leans honky-tonk. Who's to blame?
It's all the fault of the Hot Jazz
Society and their blues and Basin
Street music.
'"An Introduction to Jazz" will be
the theme of the session tonight, ac
cording to Oscar Anderson, the
president of the society. The pro
gram is planned for the benefit of
newcomers to the world of Dixie
land and will feature records picked
for both those already interested in
jazz and those who aren't quite
certain why music should be played
in such a manner.
"VV> are also interested in having
Stanford musicians show up at the

session tonight for the purpose of
forming' a Farm jazz band," said Os
car Anderson.
Other plans for the meeting in
clude the election of a new presi
dent, vice-president, and secretary
treasurer.
The Hot Jazz Society, which was
formed in 1944, has carried out a
program of record playing; ''field
trips" to visiting and local jazz
bauds; talks by prominent writers in
national magazines, such as "Down
beat"; and listening to radio pro
grams featuring jazz artists.
