# Diversions '96
## ROCK THE OTE White Plaza Watch 
### 
Brought to you by Mandy Minty Fresh' Kno« and Elliot Never Loved Elvis" Sather

• So. What's an
ASSU senator?



"My friend Ryo is
one, but he doesn't
get to vote. That's
all I know, really.
I'm not very
political."
— Kim Giffin
Sophomore, human
biology


"Oooh. That's a
tough one. I have
110 idea, do you?
Do they exist?
What do they do?
Seriously."
— Joseph King
Sophomore, religious
studies


"It's on that
sweatshirt... it's
like: "It's me, silly!"
— Hilda Saffari
Junior, modern thought
and literature


"Weren't they in the
National League in
the '60s?"
— Nick Kucharewski
Sophomore, electrical
engineering
Brought to you by Mandy Minty Fresh' Kno« and Elliot Never Loved Elvis" Sather

• So. What's an
ASSU senator?



"My friend Ryo is
one, but he doesn't
get to vote. That's
all I know, really.
I'm not very
political."
— Kim Giffin
Sophomore, human
biology


"Oooh. That's a
tough one. I have
110 idea, do you?
Do they exist?
What do they do?
Seriously."
— Joseph King
Sophomore, religious
studies


"It's on that
sweatshirt... it's
like: "It's me, silly!"
— Hilda Saffari
Junior, modern thought
and literature


"Weren't they in the
National League in
the '60s?"
— Nick Kucharewski
Sophomore, electrical
engineering
Brought to you by Mandy Minty Fresh' Kno« and Elliot Never Loved Elvis" Sather

• So. What's an
ASSU senator?



"My friend Ryo is
one, but he doesn't
get to vote. That's
all I know, really.
I'm not very
political."
— Kim Giffin
Sophomore, human
biology


"Oooh. That's a
tough one. I have
110 idea, do you?
Do they exist?
What do they do?
Seriously."
— Joseph King
Sophomore, religious
studies


"It's on that
sweatshirt... it's
like: "It's me, silly!"
— Hilda Saffari
Junior, modern thought
and literature


"Weren't they in the
National League in
the '60s?"
— Nick Kucharewski
Sophomore, electrical
engineering
Brought to you by Mandy Minty Fresh' Kno« and Elliot Never Loved Elvis" Sather

• So. What's an
ASSU senator?



"My friend Ryo is
one, but he doesn't
get to vote. That's
all I know, really.
I'm not very
political."
— Kim Giffin
Sophomore, human
biology


"Oooh. That's a
tough one. I have
110 idea, do you?
Do they exist?
What do they do?
Seriously."
— Joseph King
Sophomore, religious
studies


"It's on that
sweatshirt... it's
like: "It's me, silly!"
— Hilda Saffari
Junior, modern thought
and literature


"Weren't they in the
National League in
the '60s?"
— Nick Kucharewski
Sophomore, electrical
engineering
Brought to you by Mandy Minty Fresh' Kno« and Elliot Never Loved Elvis" Sather

• So. What's an
ASSU senator?



"My friend Ryo is
one, but he doesn't
get to vote. That's
all I know, really.
I'm not very
political."
— Kim Giffin
Sophomore, human
biology


"Oooh. That's a
tough one. I have
110 idea, do you?
Do they exist?
What do they do?
Seriously."
— Joseph King
Sophomore, religious
studies


"It's on that
sweatshirt... it's
like: "It's me, silly!"
— Hilda Saffari
Junior, modern thought
and literature


"Weren't they in the
National League in
the '60s?"
— Nick Kucharewski
Sophomore, electrical
engineering
