# Students' Institute Holds Annual Meet
## 
### 
The Students' Institute of Pacific
Relations' annual meeting was held
at Prescott's Inn near Santa Cruz
during the four days of the Thanks
giving holiday. This is the eleventh
of the yearly conferences that are
held to discuss the current problems
of the Pacific.
Among the schools represented by
the 45 delegates wei*e California,
Armstrong's, Mills, San Mateo Jun
ior College, San Francisco State
College, and Stanford. According to
Esther Pelton, campus delegation
chairman, the Stanford representa
tives were Mary Atkins and Buddy
Iwata.
The Students' Institute of Pacific
Relations' annual meeting was held
at Prescott's Inn near Santa Cruz
during the four days of the Thanks
giving holiday. This is the eleventh
of the yearly conferences that are
held to discuss the current problems
of the Pacific.
Among the schools represented by
the 45 delegates wei*e California,
Armstrong's, Mills, San Mateo Jun
ior College, San Francisco State
College, and Stanford. According to
Esther Pelton, campus delegation
chairman, the Stanford representa
tives were Mary Atkins and Buddy
Iwata.
The Students' Institute of Pacific
Relations' annual meeting was held
at Prescott's Inn near Santa Cruz
during the four days of the Thanks
giving holiday. This is the eleventh
of the yearly conferences that are
held to discuss the current problems
of the Pacific.
Among the schools represented by
the 45 delegates wei*e California,
Armstrong's, Mills, San Mateo Jun
ior College, San Francisco State
College, and Stanford. According to
Esther Pelton, campus delegation
chairman, the Stanford representa
tives were Mary Atkins and Buddy
Iwata.
The Students' Institute of Pacific
Relations' annual meeting was held
at Prescott's Inn near Santa Cruz
during the four days of the Thanks
giving holiday. This is the eleventh
of the yearly conferences that are
held to discuss the current problems
of the Pacific.
Among the schools represented by
the 45 delegates wei*e California,
Armstrong's, Mills, San Mateo Jun
ior College, San Francisco State
College, and Stanford. According to
Esther Pelton, campus delegation
chairman, the Stanford representa
tives were Mary Atkins and Buddy
Iwata.
The Students' Institute of Pacific
Relations' annual meeting was held
at Prescott's Inn near Santa Cruz
during the four days of the Thanks
giving holiday. This is the eleventh
of the yearly conferences that are
held to discuss the current problems
of the Pacific.
Among the schools represented by
the 45 delegates wei*e California,
Armstrong's, Mills, San Mateo Jun
ior College, San Francisco State
College, and Stanford. According to
Esther Pelton, campus delegation
chairman, the Stanford representa
tives were Mary Atkins and Buddy
Iwata.
The Students' Institute of Pacific
Relations' annual meeting was held
at Prescott's Inn near Santa Cruz
during the four days of the Thanks
giving holiday. This is the eleventh
of the yearly conferences that are
held to discuss the current problems
of the Pacific.
Among the schools represented by
the 45 delegates wei*e California,
Armstrong's, Mills, San Mateo Jun
ior College, San Francisco State
College, and Stanford. According to
Esther Pelton, campus delegation
chairman, the Stanford representa
tives were Mary Atkins and Buddy
Iwata.
The Students' Institute of Pacific
Relations' annual meeting was held
at Prescott's Inn near Santa Cruz
during the four days of the Thanks
giving holiday. This is the eleventh
of the yearly conferences that are
held to discuss the current problems
of the Pacific.
Among the schools represented by
the 45 delegates wei*e California,
Armstrong's, Mills, San Mateo Jun
ior College, San Francisco State
College, and Stanford. According to
Esther Pelton, campus delegation
chairman, the Stanford representa
tives were Mary Atkins and Buddy
Iwata.
The Students' Institute of Pacific
Relations' annual meeting was held
at Prescott's Inn near Santa Cruz
during the four days of the Thanks
giving holiday. This is the eleventh
of the yearly conferences that are
held to discuss the current problems
of the Pacific.
Among the schools represented by
the 45 delegates wei*e California,
Armstrong's, Mills, San Mateo Jun
ior College, San Francisco State
College, and Stanford. According to
Esther Pelton, campus delegation
chairman, the Stanford representa
tives were Mary Atkins and Buddy
Iwata.
The Students' Institute of Pacific
Relations' annual meeting was held
at Prescott's Inn near Santa Cruz
during the four days of the Thanks
giving holiday. This is the eleventh
of the yearly conferences that are
held to discuss the current problems
of the Pacific.
Among the schools represented by
the 45 delegates wei*e California,
Armstrong's, Mills, San Mateo Jun
ior College, San Francisco State
College, and Stanford. According to
Esther Pelton, campus delegation
chairman, the Stanford representa
tives were Mary Atkins and Buddy
Iwata.
The Students' Institute of Pacific
Relations' annual meeting was held
at Prescott's Inn near Santa Cruz
during the four days of the Thanks
giving holiday. This is the eleventh
of the yearly conferences that are
held to discuss the current problems
of the Pacific.
Among the schools represented by
the 45 delegates wei*e California,
Armstrong's, Mills, San Mateo Jun
ior College, San Francisco State
College, and Stanford. According to
Esther Pelton, campus delegation
chairman, the Stanford representa
tives were Mary Atkins and Buddy
Iwata.
The Students' Institute of Pacific
Relations' annual meeting was held
at Prescott's Inn near Santa Cruz
during the four days of the Thanks
giving holiday. This is the eleventh
of the yearly conferences that are
held to discuss the current problems
of the Pacific.
Among the schools represented by
the 45 delegates wei*e California,
Armstrong's, Mills, San Mateo Jun
ior College, San Francisco State
College, and Stanford. According to
Esther Pelton, campus delegation
chairman, the Stanford representa
tives were Mary Atkins and Buddy
Iwata.
The Students' Institute of Pacific
Relations' annual meeting was held
at Prescott's Inn near Santa Cruz
during the four days of the Thanks
giving holiday. This is the eleventh
of the yearly conferences that are
held to discuss the current problems
of the Pacific.
Among the schools represented by
the 45 delegates wei*e California,
Armstrong's, Mills, San Mateo Jun
ior College, San Francisco State
College, and Stanford. According to
Esther Pelton, campus delegation
chairman, the Stanford representa
tives were Mary Atkins and Buddy
Iwata.
The Students' Institute of Pacific
Relations' annual meeting was held
at Prescott's Inn near Santa Cruz
during the four days of the Thanks
giving holiday. This is the eleventh
of the yearly conferences that are
held to discuss the current problems
of the Pacific.
Among the schools represented by
the 45 delegates wei*e California,
Armstrong's, Mills, San Mateo Jun
ior College, San Francisco State
College, and Stanford. According to
Esther Pelton, campus delegation
chairman, the Stanford representa
tives were Mary Atkins and Buddy
Iwata.
The Students' Institute of Pacific
Relations' annual meeting was held
at Prescott's Inn near Santa Cruz
during the four days of the Thanks
giving holiday. This is the eleventh
of the yearly conferences that are
held to discuss the current problems
of the Pacific.
Among the schools represented by
the 45 delegates wei*e California,
Armstrong's, Mills, San Mateo Jun
ior College, San Francisco State
College, and Stanford. According to
Esther Pelton, campus delegation
chairman, the Stanford representa
tives were Mary Atkins and Buddy
Iwata.
The Students' Institute of Pacific
Relations' annual meeting was held
at Prescott's Inn near Santa Cruz
during the four days of the Thanks
giving holiday. This is the eleventh
of the yearly conferences that are
held to discuss the current problems
of the Pacific.
Among the schools represented by
the 45 delegates wei*e California,
Armstrong's, Mills, San Mateo Jun
ior College, San Francisco State
College, and Stanford. According to
Esther Pelton, campus delegation
chairman, the Stanford representa
tives were Mary Atkins and Buddy
Iwata.
The Students' Institute of Pacific
Relations' annual meeting was held
at Prescott's Inn near Santa Cruz
during the four days of the Thanks
giving holiday. This is the eleventh
of the yearly conferences that are
held to discuss the current problems
of the Pacific.
Among the schools represented by
the 45 delegates wei*e California,
Armstrong's, Mills, San Mateo Jun
ior College, San Francisco State
College, and Stanford. According to
Esther Pelton, campus delegation
chairman, the Stanford representa
tives were Mary Atkins and Buddy
Iwata.
