# Faculty To Attend Philological Meet
## 
### 
Six faculty members of Stanford
University will take part in the an
nual meeting of the Philological As
sociation of the Pacific Coast to be
held at Los Angeles this week-end.
These are Dr. William D. Bripgs,
president of the organization; Dr.
Hardin Craig, a vice-president; Dr.
Kurt F. Reinhardt, member of the
executive committee; Professor Hay
mond D. Harrison; Dr. Herbert D.
Merrit: ?nd Dr. Henry David Gray.
Dr. Briggs will deliver the only
address at the dinner-smoker at the
Mayfair Hotel on Friday evening.
Six faculty members of Stanford
University will take part in the an
nual meeting of the Philological As
sociation of the Pacific Coast to be
held at Los Angeles this week-end.
These are Dr. William D. Bripgs,
president of the organization; Dr.
Hardin Craig, a vice-president; Dr.
Kurt F. Reinhardt, member of the
executive committee; Professor Hay
mond D. Harrison; Dr. Herbert D.
Merrit: ?nd Dr. Henry David Gray.
Dr. Briggs will deliver the only
address at the dinner-smoker at the
Mayfair Hotel on Friday evening.
Six faculty members of Stanford
University will take part in the an
nual meeting of the Philological As
sociation of the Pacific Coast to be
held at Los Angeles this week-end.
These are Dr. William D. Bripgs,
president of the organization; Dr.
Hardin Craig, a vice-president; Dr.
Kurt F. Reinhardt, member of the
executive committee; Professor Hay
mond D. Harrison; Dr. Herbert D.
Merrit: ?nd Dr. Henry David Gray.
Dr. Briggs will deliver the only
address at the dinner-smoker at the
Mayfair Hotel on Friday evening.
Six faculty members of Stanford
University will take part in the an
nual meeting of the Philological As
sociation of the Pacific Coast to be
held at Los Angeles this week-end.
These are Dr. William D. Bripgs,
president of the organization; Dr.
Hardin Craig, a vice-president; Dr.
Kurt F. Reinhardt, member of the
executive committee; Professor Hay
mond D. Harrison; Dr. Herbert D.
Merrit: ?nd Dr. Henry David Gray.
Dr. Briggs will deliver the only
address at the dinner-smoker at the
Mayfair Hotel on Friday evening.
Six faculty members of Stanford
University will take part in the an
nual meeting of the Philological As
sociation of the Pacific Coast to be
held at Los Angeles this week-end.
These are Dr. William D. Bripgs,
president of the organization; Dr.
Hardin Craig, a vice-president; Dr.
Kurt F. Reinhardt, member of the
executive committee; Professor Hay
mond D. Harrison; Dr. Herbert D.
Merrit: ?nd Dr. Henry David Gray.
Dr. Briggs will deliver the only
address at the dinner-smoker at the
Mayfair Hotel on Friday evening.
Six faculty members of Stanford
University will take part in the an
nual meeting of the Philological As
sociation of the Pacific Coast to be
held at Los Angeles this week-end.
These are Dr. William D. Bripgs,
president of the organization; Dr.
Hardin Craig, a vice-president; Dr.
Kurt F. Reinhardt, member of the
executive committee; Professor Hay
mond D. Harrison; Dr. Herbert D.
Merrit: ?nd Dr. Henry David Gray.
Dr. Briggs will deliver the only
address at the dinner-smoker at the
Mayfair Hotel on Friday evening.
Six faculty members of Stanford
University will take part in the an
nual meeting of the Philological As
sociation of the Pacific Coast to be
held at Los Angeles this week-end.
These are Dr. William D. Bripgs,
president of the organization; Dr.
Hardin Craig, a vice-president; Dr.
Kurt F. Reinhardt, member of the
executive committee; Professor Hay
mond D. Harrison; Dr. Herbert D.
Merrit: ?nd Dr. Henry David Gray.
Dr. Briggs will deliver the only
address at the dinner-smoker at the
Mayfair Hotel on Friday evening.
Six faculty members of Stanford
University will take part in the an
nual meeting of the Philological As
sociation of the Pacific Coast to be
held at Los Angeles this week-end.
These are Dr. William D. Bripgs,
president of the organization; Dr.
Hardin Craig, a vice-president; Dr.
Kurt F. Reinhardt, member of the
executive committee; Professor Hay
mond D. Harrison; Dr. Herbert D.
Merrit: ?nd Dr. Henry David Gray.
Dr. Briggs will deliver the only
address at the dinner-smoker at the
Mayfair Hotel on Friday evening.
Six faculty members of Stanford
University will take part in the an
nual meeting of the Philological As
sociation of the Pacific Coast to be
held at Los Angeles this week-end.
These are Dr. William D. Bripgs,
president of the organization; Dr.
Hardin Craig, a vice-president; Dr.
Kurt F. Reinhardt, member of the
executive committee; Professor Hay
mond D. Harrison; Dr. Herbert D.
Merrit: ?nd Dr. Henry David Gray.
Dr. Briggs will deliver the only
address at the dinner-smoker at the
Mayfair Hotel on Friday evening.
Six faculty members of Stanford
University will take part in the an
nual meeting of the Philological As
sociation of the Pacific Coast to be
held at Los Angeles this week-end.
These are Dr. William D. Bripgs,
president of the organization; Dr.
Hardin Craig, a vice-president; Dr.
Kurt F. Reinhardt, member of the
executive committee; Professor Hay
mond D. Harrison; Dr. Herbert D.
Merrit: ?nd Dr. Henry David Gray.
Dr. Briggs will deliver the only
address at the dinner-smoker at the
Mayfair Hotel on Friday evening.
Six faculty members of Stanford
University will take part in the an
nual meeting of the Philological As
sociation of the Pacific Coast to be
held at Los Angeles this week-end.
These are Dr. William D. Bripgs,
president of the organization; Dr.
Hardin Craig, a vice-president; Dr.
Kurt F. Reinhardt, member of the
executive committee; Professor Hay
mond D. Harrison; Dr. Herbert D.
Merrit: ?nd Dr. Henry David Gray.
Dr. Briggs will deliver the only
address at the dinner-smoker at the
Mayfair Hotel on Friday evening.
Six faculty members of Stanford
University will take part in the an
nual meeting of the Philological As
sociation of the Pacific Coast to be
held at Los Angeles this week-end.
These are Dr. William D. Bripgs,
president of the organization; Dr.
Hardin Craig, a vice-president; Dr.
Kurt F. Reinhardt, member of the
executive committee; Professor Hay
mond D. Harrison; Dr. Herbert D.
Merrit: ?nd Dr. Henry David Gray.
Dr. Briggs will deliver the only
address at the dinner-smoker at the
Mayfair Hotel on Friday evening.
Six faculty members of Stanford
University will take part in the an
nual meeting of the Philological As
sociation of the Pacific Coast to be
held at Los Angeles this week-end.
These are Dr. William D. Bripgs,
president of the organization; Dr.
Hardin Craig, a vice-president; Dr.
Kurt F. Reinhardt, member of the
executive committee; Professor Hay
mond D. Harrison; Dr. Herbert D.
Merrit: ?nd Dr. Henry David Gray.
Dr. Briggs will deliver the only
address at the dinner-smoker at the
Mayfair Hotel on Friday evening.
Six faculty members of Stanford
University will take part in the an
nual meeting of the Philological As
sociation of the Pacific Coast to be
held at Los Angeles this week-end.
These are Dr. William D. Bripgs,
president of the organization; Dr.
Hardin Craig, a vice-president; Dr.
Kurt F. Reinhardt, member of the
executive committee; Professor Hay
mond D. Harrison; Dr. Herbert D.
Merrit: ?nd Dr. Henry David Gray.
Dr. Briggs will deliver the only
address at the dinner-smoker at the
Mayfair Hotel on Friday evening.
Six faculty members of Stanford
University will take part in the an
nual meeting of the Philological As
sociation of the Pacific Coast to be
held at Los Angeles this week-end.
These are Dr. William D. Bripgs,
president of the organization; Dr.
Hardin Craig, a vice-president; Dr.
Kurt F. Reinhardt, member of the
executive committee; Professor Hay
mond D. Harrison; Dr. Herbert D.
Merrit: ?nd Dr. Henry David Gray.
Dr. Briggs will deliver the only
address at the dinner-smoker at the
Mayfair Hotel on Friday evening.
Six faculty members of Stanford
University will take part in the an
nual meeting of the Philological As
sociation of the Pacific Coast to be
held at Los Angeles this week-end.
These are Dr. William D. Bripgs,
president of the organization; Dr.
Hardin Craig, a vice-president; Dr.
Kurt F. Reinhardt, member of the
executive committee; Professor Hay
mond D. Harrison; Dr. Herbert D.
Merrit: ?nd Dr. Henry David Gray.
Dr. Briggs will deliver the only
address at the dinner-smoker at the
Mayfair Hotel on Friday evening.
