# GROVERS RETURN
## 
### 
Betty and Jack Grover returned to i
the campus yesterday from Kansas I
City, where they were called by the !
illness of their father. They report j
him much improved.
Betty and Jack Grover returned to i
the campus yesterday from Kansas I
City, where they were called by the !
illness of their father. They report j
him much improved.
Betty and Jack Grover returned to i
the campus yesterday from Kansas I
City, where they were called by the !
illness of their father. They report j
him much improved.
Betty and Jack Grover returned to i
the campus yesterday from Kansas I
City, where they were called by the !
illness of their father. They report j
him much improved.
Betty and Jack Grover returned to i
the campus yesterday from Kansas I
City, where they were called by the !
illness of their father. They report j
him much improved.
Betty and Jack Grover returned to i
the campus yesterday from Kansas I
City, where they were called by the !
illness of their father. They report j
him much improved.
Betty and Jack Grover returned to i
the campus yesterday from Kansas I
City, where they were called by the !
illness of their father. They report j
him much improved.
Betty and Jack Grover returned to i
the campus yesterday from Kansas I
City, where they were called by the !
illness of their father. They report j
him much improved.
Betty and Jack Grover returned to i
the campus yesterday from Kansas I
City, where they were called by the !
illness of their father. They report j
him much improved.
Betty and Jack Grover returned to i
the campus yesterday from Kansas I
City, where they were called by the !
illness of their father. They report j
him much improved.
Betty and Jack Grover returned to i
the campus yesterday from Kansas I
City, where they were called by the !
illness of their father. They report j
him much improved.
Betty and Jack Grover returned to i
the campus yesterday from Kansas I
City, where they were called by the !
illness of their father. They report j
him much improved.
Betty and Jack Grover returned to i
the campus yesterday from Kansas I
City, where they were called by the !
illness of their father. They report j
him much improved.
Betty and Jack Grover returned to i
the campus yesterday from Kansas I
City, where they were called by the !
illness of their father. They report j
him much improved.
Betty and Jack Grover returned to i
the campus yesterday from Kansas I
City, where they were called by the !
illness of their father. They report j
him much improved.
Betty and Jack Grover returned to i
the campus yesterday from Kansas I
City, where they were called by the !
illness of their father. They report j
him much improved.
