# POLITICS
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
Let Messrs. Benjamin and A. G.
Smith emigrate to Italy or Germany,
where they will not be burdened
with the onerous duties of a well
informed citizen in a democracy.
Anon
The Editor, Sir:
Let Messrs. Benjamin and A. G.
Smith emigrate to Italy or Germany,
where they will not be burdened
with the onerous duties of a well
informed citizen in a democracy.
Anon
The Editor, Sir:
Let Messrs. Benjamin and A. G.
Smith emigrate to Italy or Germany,
where they will not be burdened
with the onerous duties of a well
informed citizen in a democracy.
Anon
The Editor, Sir:
Let Messrs. Benjamin and A. G.
Smith emigrate to Italy or Germany,
where they will not be burdened
with the onerous duties of a well
informed citizen in a democracy.
Anon
The Editor, Sir:
Let Messrs. Benjamin and A. G.
Smith emigrate to Italy or Germany,
where they will not be burdened
with the onerous duties of a well
informed citizen in a democracy.
Anon
The Editor, Sir:
Let Messrs. Benjamin and A. G.
Smith emigrate to Italy or Germany,
where they will not be burdened
with the onerous duties of a well
informed citizen in a democracy.
Anon
The Editor, Sir:
Let Messrs. Benjamin and A. G.
Smith emigrate to Italy or Germany,
where they will not be burdened
with the onerous duties of a well
informed citizen in a democracy.
Anon
The Editor, Sir:
Let Messrs. Benjamin and A. G.
Smith emigrate to Italy or Germany,
where they will not be burdened
with the onerous duties of a well
informed citizen in a democracy.
Anon
The Editor, Sir:
Let Messrs. Benjamin and A. G.
Smith emigrate to Italy or Germany,
where they will not be burdened
with the onerous duties of a well
informed citizen in a democracy.
Anon
The Editor, Sir:
Let Messrs. Benjamin and A. G.
Smith emigrate to Italy or Germany,
where they will not be burdened
with the onerous duties of a well
informed citizen in a democracy.
Anon
The Editor, Sir:
Let Messrs. Benjamin and A. G.
Smith emigrate to Italy or Germany,
where they will not be burdened
with the onerous duties of a well
informed citizen in a democracy.
Anon
The Editor, Sir:
Let Messrs. Benjamin and A. G.
Smith emigrate to Italy or Germany,
where they will not be burdened
with the onerous duties of a well
informed citizen in a democracy.
Anon
The Editor, Sir:
Let Messrs. Benjamin and A. G.
Smith emigrate to Italy or Germany,
where they will not be burdened
with the onerous duties of a well
informed citizen in a democracy.
Anon
The Editor, Sir:
Let Messrs. Benjamin and A. G.
Smith emigrate to Italy or Germany,
where they will not be burdened
with the onerous duties of a well
informed citizen in a democracy.
Anon
The Editor, Sir:
Let Messrs. Benjamin and A. G.
Smith emigrate to Italy or Germany,
where they will not be burdened
with the onerous duties of a well
informed citizen in a democracy.
Anon
The Editor, Sir:
Let Messrs. Benjamin and A. G.
Smith emigrate to Italy or Germany,
where they will not be burdened
with the onerous duties of a well
informed citizen in a democracy.
Anon
