# A 						Phi O Return
## 
### 
The A Phi O book and check
return scheduled on the Social
Calendar for this week has been
changed to May 5 and G. Money
and unsold books may be picked
up at that time in Temporary
Building A-30.
The A Phi O book and check
return scheduled on the Social
Calendar for this week has been
changed to May 5 and G. Money
and unsold books may be picked
up at that time in Temporary
Building A-30.
The A Phi O book and check
return scheduled on the Social
Calendar for this week has been
changed to May 5 and G. Money
and unsold books may be picked
up at that time in Temporary
Building A-30.
The A Phi O book and check
return scheduled on the Social
Calendar for this week has been
changed to May 5 and G. Money
and unsold books may be picked
up at that time in Temporary
Building A-30.
The A Phi O book and check
return scheduled on the Social
Calendar for this week has been
changed to May 5 and G. Money
and unsold books may be picked
up at that time in Temporary
Building A-30.
The A Phi O book and check
return scheduled on the Social
Calendar for this week has been
changed to May 5 and G. Money
and unsold books may be picked
up at that time in Temporary
Building A-30.
The A Phi O book and check
return scheduled on the Social
Calendar for this week has been
changed to May 5 and G. Money
and unsold books may be picked
up at that time in Temporary
Building A-30.
The A Phi O book and check
return scheduled on the Social
Calendar for this week has been
changed to May 5 and G. Money
and unsold books may be picked
up at that time in Temporary
Building A-30.
The A Phi O book and check
return scheduled on the Social
Calendar for this week has been
changed to May 5 and G. Money
and unsold books may be picked
up at that time in Temporary
Building A-30.
The A Phi O book and check
return scheduled on the Social
Calendar for this week has been
changed to May 5 and G. Money
and unsold books may be picked
up at that time in Temporary
Building A-30.
The A Phi O book and check
return scheduled on the Social
Calendar for this week has been
changed to May 5 and G. Money
and unsold books may be picked
up at that time in Temporary
Building A-30.
The A Phi O book and check
return scheduled on the Social
Calendar for this week has been
changed to May 5 and G. Money
and unsold books may be picked
up at that time in Temporary
Building A-30.
The A Phi O book and check
return scheduled on the Social
Calendar for this week has been
changed to May 5 and G. Money
and unsold books may be picked
up at that time in Temporary
Building A-30.
The A Phi O book and check
return scheduled on the Social
Calendar for this week has been
changed to May 5 and G. Money
and unsold books may be picked
up at that time in Temporary
Building A-30.
The A Phi O book and check
return scheduled on the Social
Calendar for this week has been
changed to May 5 and G. Money
and unsold books may be picked
up at that time in Temporary
Building A-30.
The A Phi O book and check
return scheduled on the Social
Calendar for this week has been
changed to May 5 and G. Money
and unsold books may be picked
up at that time in Temporary
Building A-30.
The A Phi O book and check
return scheduled on the Social
Calendar for this week has been
changed to May 5 and G. Money
and unsold books may be picked
up at that time in Temporary
Building A-30.
