# Biz School Club To Host Speakers
## 
### 
The Business School Club will
present a discussion on "How I
Started My Own Business" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the Busi
ness Club lounge.
Speakers will include Stanley
Hiller Jr., president of Hiller
Helicopter Inc.; Emmet Cashin
Jr., a founder of Fox and Carska
don .Real Estate Co., and E. A.
Maas, owner-manager of a hotel
chain.
The Business School Club will
present a discussion on "How I
Started My Own Business" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the Busi
ness Club lounge.
Speakers will include Stanley
Hiller Jr., president of Hiller
Helicopter Inc.; Emmet Cashin
Jr., a founder of Fox and Carska
don .Real Estate Co., and E. A.
Maas, owner-manager of a hotel
chain.
The Business School Club will
present a discussion on "How I
Started My Own Business" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the Busi
ness Club lounge.
Speakers will include Stanley
Hiller Jr., president of Hiller
Helicopter Inc.; Emmet Cashin
Jr., a founder of Fox and Carska
don .Real Estate Co., and E. A.
Maas, owner-manager of a hotel
chain.
The Business School Club will
present a discussion on "How I
Started My Own Business" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the Busi
ness Club lounge.
Speakers will include Stanley
Hiller Jr., president of Hiller
Helicopter Inc.; Emmet Cashin
Jr., a founder of Fox and Carska
don .Real Estate Co., and E. A.
Maas, owner-manager of a hotel
chain.
The Business School Club will
present a discussion on "How I
Started My Own Business" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the Busi
ness Club lounge.
Speakers will include Stanley
Hiller Jr., president of Hiller
Helicopter Inc.; Emmet Cashin
Jr., a founder of Fox and Carska
don .Real Estate Co., and E. A.
Maas, owner-manager of a hotel
chain.
The Business School Club will
present a discussion on "How I
Started My Own Business" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the Busi
ness Club lounge.
Speakers will include Stanley
Hiller Jr., president of Hiller
Helicopter Inc.; Emmet Cashin
Jr., a founder of Fox and Carska
don .Real Estate Co., and E. A.
Maas, owner-manager of a hotel
chain.
The Business School Club will
present a discussion on "How I
Started My Own Business" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the Busi
ness Club lounge.
Speakers will include Stanley
Hiller Jr., president of Hiller
Helicopter Inc.; Emmet Cashin
Jr., a founder of Fox and Carska
don .Real Estate Co., and E. A.
Maas, owner-manager of a hotel
chain.
The Business School Club will
present a discussion on "How I
Started My Own Business" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the Busi
ness Club lounge.
Speakers will include Stanley
Hiller Jr., president of Hiller
Helicopter Inc.; Emmet Cashin
Jr., a founder of Fox and Carska
don .Real Estate Co., and E. A.
Maas, owner-manager of a hotel
chain.
The Business School Club will
present a discussion on "How I
Started My Own Business" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the Busi
ness Club lounge.
Speakers will include Stanley
Hiller Jr., president of Hiller
Helicopter Inc.; Emmet Cashin
Jr., a founder of Fox and Carska
don .Real Estate Co., and E. A.
Maas, owner-manager of a hotel
chain.
The Business School Club will
present a discussion on "How I
Started My Own Business" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the Busi
ness Club lounge.
Speakers will include Stanley
Hiller Jr., president of Hiller
Helicopter Inc.; Emmet Cashin
Jr., a founder of Fox and Carska
don .Real Estate Co., and E. A.
Maas, owner-manager of a hotel
chain.
The Business School Club will
present a discussion on "How I
Started My Own Business" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the Busi
ness Club lounge.
Speakers will include Stanley
Hiller Jr., president of Hiller
Helicopter Inc.; Emmet Cashin
Jr., a founder of Fox and Carska
don .Real Estate Co., and E. A.
Maas, owner-manager of a hotel
chain.
The Business School Club will
present a discussion on "How I
Started My Own Business" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the Busi
ness Club lounge.
Speakers will include Stanley
Hiller Jr., president of Hiller
Helicopter Inc.; Emmet Cashin
Jr., a founder of Fox and Carska
don .Real Estate Co., and E. A.
Maas, owner-manager of a hotel
chain.
The Business School Club will
present a discussion on "How I
Started My Own Business" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the Busi
ness Club lounge.
Speakers will include Stanley
Hiller Jr., president of Hiller
Helicopter Inc.; Emmet Cashin
Jr., a founder of Fox and Carska
don .Real Estate Co., and E. A.
Maas, owner-manager of a hotel
chain.
The Business School Club will
present a discussion on "How I
Started My Own Business" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the Busi
ness Club lounge.
Speakers will include Stanley
Hiller Jr., president of Hiller
Helicopter Inc.; Emmet Cashin
Jr., a founder of Fox and Carska
don .Real Estate Co., and E. A.
Maas, owner-manager of a hotel
chain.
The Business School Club will
present a discussion on "How I
Started My Own Business" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the Busi
ness Club lounge.
Speakers will include Stanley
Hiller Jr., president of Hiller
Helicopter Inc.; Emmet Cashin
Jr., a founder of Fox and Carska
don .Real Estate Co., and E. A.
Maas, owner-manager of a hotel
chain.
The Business School Club will
present a discussion on "How I
Started My Own Business" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the Busi
ness Club lounge.
Speakers will include Stanley
Hiller Jr., president of Hiller
Helicopter Inc.; Emmet Cashin
Jr., a founder of Fox and Carska
don .Real Estate Co., and E. A.
Maas, owner-manager of a hotel
chain.
The Business School Club will
present a discussion on "How I
Started My Own Business" to
morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the Busi
ness Club lounge.
Speakers will include Stanley
Hiller Jr., president of Hiller
Helicopter Inc.; Emmet Cashin
Jr., a founder of Fox and Carska
don .Real Estate Co., and E. A.
Maas, owner-manager of a hotel
chain.
