# ENCINA FOR MEN
## 
### 
Encina Hall was one of the
original buildings on the campus,
being built in 3891 for men.
Encina Hall was one of the
original buildings on the campus,
being built in 3891 for men.
Encina Hall was one of the
original buildings on the campus,
being built in 3891 for men.
Encina Hall was one of the
original buildings on the campus,
being built in 3891 for men.
Encina Hall was one of the
original buildings on the campus,
being built in 3891 for men.
Encina Hall was one of the
original buildings on the campus,
being built in 3891 for men.
Encina Hall was one of the
original buildings on the campus,
being built in 3891 for men.
Encina Hall was one of the
original buildings on the campus,
being built in 3891 for men.
Encina Hall was one of the
original buildings on the campus,
being built in 3891 for men.
Encina Hall was one of the
original buildings on the campus,
being built in 3891 for men.
Encina Hall was one of the
original buildings on the campus,
being built in 3891 for men.
Encina Hall was one of the
original buildings on the campus,
being built in 3891 for men.
Encina Hall was one of the
original buildings on the campus,
being built in 3891 for men.
Encina Hall was one of the
original buildings on the campus,
being built in 3891 for men.
Encina Hall was one of the
original buildings on the campus,
being built in 3891 for men.
Encina Hall was one of the
original buildings on the campus,
being built in 3891 for men.
Encina Hall was one of the
original buildings on the campus,
being built in 3891 for men.
