# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Mrs. C. S. Payton of Charleston,
West Virginia announces the engage
ment of her daughter, Miss E. Payton
to F. Q. Stanton.
Mrs. C. S. Payton of Charleston,
West Virginia announces the engage
ment of her daughter, Miss E. Payton
to F. Q. Stanton.
Mrs. C. S. Payton of Charleston,
West Virginia announces the engage
ment of her daughter, Miss E. Payton
to F. Q. Stanton.
Mrs. C. S. Payton of Charleston,
West Virginia announces the engage
ment of her daughter, Miss E. Payton
to F. Q. Stanton.
Mrs. C. S. Payton of Charleston,
West Virginia announces the engage
ment of her daughter, Miss E. Payton
to F. Q. Stanton.
Mrs. C. S. Payton of Charleston,
West Virginia announces the engage
ment of her daughter, Miss E. Payton
to F. Q. Stanton.
Mrs. C. S. Payton of Charleston,
West Virginia announces the engage
ment of her daughter, Miss E. Payton
to F. Q. Stanton.
Mrs. C. S. Payton of Charleston,
West Virginia announces the engage
ment of her daughter, Miss E. Payton
to F. Q. Stanton.
Mrs. C. S. Payton of Charleston,
West Virginia announces the engage
ment of her daughter, Miss E. Payton
to F. Q. Stanton.
Mrs. C. S. Payton of Charleston,
West Virginia announces the engage
ment of her daughter, Miss E. Payton
to F. Q. Stanton.
Mrs. C. S. Payton of Charleston,
West Virginia announces the engage
ment of her daughter, Miss E. Payton
to F. Q. Stanton.
