# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—The racing firm of Burns and
Waterhouse are negotiating for the
lease of the running department of
the stock farm on which to school
and train their thoroughbreds.
—The racing firm of Burns and
Waterhouse are negotiating for the
lease of the running department of
the stock farm on which to school
and train their thoroughbreds.
—The racing firm of Burns and
Waterhouse are negotiating for the
lease of the running department of
the stock farm on which to school
and train their thoroughbreds.
—The racing firm of Burns and
Waterhouse are negotiating for the
lease of the running department of
the stock farm on which to school
and train their thoroughbreds.
—The racing firm of Burns and
Waterhouse are negotiating for the
lease of the running department of
the stock farm on which to school
and train their thoroughbreds.
