# Adv. 25 Page 4
## 
### 
PATTY
CHARLES WORTH
Home-Made
Peanut Brittle and
Caramels
can now be purchased
from
MRS. HELEN CETCHELL
at
CAMERON AMD
CETCHELL STUDIOS
121 University P.A. 4241
I Today and
Friday
FRANCHOT TONE
LORETTA YOUNG
"The Unguarded
Hour"
Also
JIMMIE ALLEN in
"THE SKY |
PARADE" |
PATTY
CHARLES WORTH
Home-Made
Peanut Brittle and
Caramels
can now be purchased
from
MRS. HELEN CETCHELL
at
CAMERON AMD
CETCHELL STUDIOS
121 University P.A. 4241
I Today and
Friday
FRANCHOT TONE
LORETTA YOUNG
"The Unguarded
Hour"
Also
JIMMIE ALLEN in
"THE SKY |
PARADE" |
PATTY
CHARLES WORTH
Home-Made
Peanut Brittle and
Caramels
can now be purchased
from
MRS. HELEN CETCHELL
at
CAMERON AMD
CETCHELL STUDIOS
121 University P.A. 4241
I Today and
Friday
FRANCHOT TONE
LORETTA YOUNG
"The Unguarded
Hour"
Also
JIMMIE ALLEN in
"THE SKY |
PARADE" |
PATTY
CHARLES WORTH
Home-Made
Peanut Brittle and
Caramels
can now be purchased
from
MRS. HELEN CETCHELL
at
CAMERON AMD
CETCHELL STUDIOS
121 University P.A. 4241
I Today and
Friday
FRANCHOT TONE
LORETTA YOUNG
"The Unguarded
Hour"
Also
JIMMIE ALLEN in
"THE SKY |
PARADE" |
PATTY
CHARLES WORTH
Home-Made
Peanut Brittle and
Caramels
can now be purchased
from
MRS. HELEN CETCHELL
at
CAMERON AMD
CETCHELL STUDIOS
121 University P.A. 4241
I Today and
Friday
FRANCHOT TONE
LORETTA YOUNG
"The Unguarded
Hour"
Also
JIMMIE ALLEN in
"THE SKY |
PARADE" |
PATTY
CHARLES WORTH
Home-Made
Peanut Brittle and
Caramels
can now be purchased
from
MRS. HELEN CETCHELL
at
CAMERON AMD
CETCHELL STUDIOS
121 University P.A. 4241
I Today and
Friday
FRANCHOT TONE
LORETTA YOUNG
"The Unguarded
Hour"
Also
JIMMIE ALLEN in
"THE SKY |
PARADE" |
PATTY
CHARLES WORTH
Home-Made
Peanut Brittle and
Caramels
can now be purchased
from
MRS. HELEN CETCHELL
at
CAMERON AMD
CETCHELL STUDIOS
121 University P.A. 4241
I Today and
Friday
FRANCHOT TONE
LORETTA YOUNG
"The Unguarded
Hour"
Also
JIMMIE ALLEN in
"THE SKY |
PARADE" |
PATTY
CHARLES WORTH
Home-Made
Peanut Brittle and
Caramels
can now be purchased
from
MRS. HELEN CETCHELL
at
CAMERON AMD
CETCHELL STUDIOS
121 University P.A. 4241
I Today and
Friday
FRANCHOT TONE
LORETTA YOUNG
"The Unguarded
Hour"
Also
JIMMIE ALLEN in
"THE SKY |
PARADE" |
PATTY
CHARLES WORTH
Home-Made
Peanut Brittle and
Caramels
can now be purchased
from
MRS. HELEN CETCHELL
at
CAMERON AMD
CETCHELL STUDIOS
121 University P.A. 4241
I Today and
Friday
FRANCHOT TONE
LORETTA YOUNG
"The Unguarded
Hour"
Also
JIMMIE ALLEN in
"THE SKY |
PARADE" |
PATTY
CHARLES WORTH
Home-Made
Peanut Brittle and
Caramels
can now be purchased
from
MRS. HELEN CETCHELL
at
CAMERON AMD
CETCHELL STUDIOS
121 University P.A. 4241
I Today and
Friday
FRANCHOT TONE
LORETTA YOUNG
"The Unguarded
Hour"
Also
JIMMIE ALLEN in
"THE SKY |
PARADE" |
PATTY
CHARLES WORTH
Home-Made
Peanut Brittle and
Caramels
can now be purchased
from
MRS. HELEN CETCHELL
at
CAMERON AMD
CETCHELL STUDIOS
121 University P.A. 4241
I Today and
Friday
FRANCHOT TONE
LORETTA YOUNG
"The Unguarded
Hour"
Also
JIMMIE ALLEN in
"THE SKY |
PARADE" |
PATTY
CHARLES WORTH
Home-Made
Peanut Brittle and
Caramels
can now be purchased
from
MRS. HELEN CETCHELL
at
CAMERON AMD
CETCHELL STUDIOS
121 University P.A. 4241
I Today and
Friday
FRANCHOT TONE
LORETTA YOUNG
"The Unguarded
Hour"
Also
JIMMIE ALLEN in
"THE SKY |
PARADE" |
PATTY
CHARLES WORTH
Home-Made
Peanut Brittle and
Caramels
can now be purchased
from
MRS. HELEN CETCHELL
at
CAMERON AMD
CETCHELL STUDIOS
121 University P.A. 4241
I Today and
Friday
FRANCHOT TONE
LORETTA YOUNG
"The Unguarded
Hour"
Also
JIMMIE ALLEN in
"THE SKY |
PARADE" |
PATTY
CHARLES WORTH
Home-Made
Peanut Brittle and
Caramels
can now be purchased
from
MRS. HELEN CETCHELL
at
CAMERON AMD
CETCHELL STUDIOS
121 University P.A. 4241
I Today and
Friday
FRANCHOT TONE
LORETTA YOUNG
"The Unguarded
Hour"
Also
JIMMIE ALLEN in
"THE SKY |
PARADE" |
PATTY
CHARLES WORTH
Home-Made
Peanut Brittle and
Caramels
can now be purchased
from
MRS. HELEN CETCHELL
at
CAMERON AMD
CETCHELL STUDIOS
121 University P.A. 4241
I Today and
Friday
FRANCHOT TONE
LORETTA YOUNG
"The Unguarded
Hour"
Also
JIMMIE ALLEN in
"THE SKY |
PARADE" |
PATTY
CHARLES WORTH
Home-Made
Peanut Brittle and
Caramels
can now be purchased
from
MRS. HELEN CETCHELL
at
CAMERON AMD
CETCHELL STUDIOS
121 University P.A. 4241
I Today and
Friday
FRANCHOT TONE
LORETTA YOUNG
"The Unguarded
Hour"
Also
JIMMIE ALLEN in
"THE SKY |
PARADE" |
