# Men's Summer Room Reservations Due
## 
### 
Room reservations for summer
quarter should he made by all men
students on Thursday. Friday, or
Saturday in the Dean of Men's
oflice.
Room reservations for summer
quarter should he made by all men
students on Thursday. Friday, or
Saturday in the Dean of Men's
oflice.
Room reservations for summer
quarter should he made by all men
students on Thursday. Friday, or
Saturday in the Dean of Men's
oflice.
Room reservations for summer
quarter should he made by all men
students on Thursday. Friday, or
Saturday in the Dean of Men's
oflice.
Room reservations for summer
quarter should he made by all men
students on Thursday. Friday, or
Saturday in the Dean of Men's
oflice.
Room reservations for summer
quarter should he made by all men
students on Thursday. Friday, or
Saturday in the Dean of Men's
oflice.
Room reservations for summer
quarter should he made by all men
students on Thursday. Friday, or
Saturday in the Dean of Men's
oflice.
Room reservations for summer
quarter should he made by all men
students on Thursday. Friday, or
Saturday in the Dean of Men's
oflice.
Room reservations for summer
quarter should he made by all men
students on Thursday. Friday, or
Saturday in the Dean of Men's
oflice.
Room reservations for summer
quarter should he made by all men
students on Thursday. Friday, or
Saturday in the Dean of Men's
oflice.
Room reservations for summer
quarter should he made by all men
students on Thursday. Friday, or
Saturday in the Dean of Men's
oflice.
Room reservations for summer
quarter should he made by all men
students on Thursday. Friday, or
Saturday in the Dean of Men's
oflice.
Room reservations for summer
quarter should he made by all men
students on Thursday. Friday, or
Saturday in the Dean of Men's
oflice.
Room reservations for summer
quarter should he made by all men
students on Thursday. Friday, or
Saturday in the Dean of Men's
oflice.
Room reservations for summer
quarter should he made by all men
students on Thursday. Friday, or
Saturday in the Dean of Men's
oflice.
