# LAGUNITA EXCHANGE
## 
### 
Lagunita will hold its second ex
change dinner this Wednesday night
when some 50 girls will go over to
Encina for dinner and 50 army stu
dents come to Lagunita. The last
exchange dinner was with Buchanan
Hall.
Lagunita will hold its second ex
change dinner this Wednesday night
when some 50 girls will go over to
Encina for dinner and 50 army stu
dents come to Lagunita. The last
exchange dinner was with Buchanan
Hall.
Lagunita will hold its second ex
change dinner this Wednesday night
when some 50 girls will go over to
Encina for dinner and 50 army stu
dents come to Lagunita. The last
exchange dinner was with Buchanan
Hall.
Lagunita will hold its second ex
change dinner this Wednesday night
when some 50 girls will go over to
Encina for dinner and 50 army stu
dents come to Lagunita. The last
exchange dinner was with Buchanan
Hall.
Lagunita will hold its second ex
change dinner this Wednesday night
when some 50 girls will go over to
Encina for dinner and 50 army stu
dents come to Lagunita. The last
exchange dinner was with Buchanan
Hall.
Lagunita will hold its second ex
change dinner this Wednesday night
when some 50 girls will go over to
Encina for dinner and 50 army stu
dents come to Lagunita. The last
exchange dinner was with Buchanan
Hall.
Lagunita will hold its second ex
change dinner this Wednesday night
when some 50 girls will go over to
Encina for dinner and 50 army stu
dents come to Lagunita. The last
exchange dinner was with Buchanan
Hall.
Lagunita will hold its second ex
change dinner this Wednesday night
when some 50 girls will go over to
Encina for dinner and 50 army stu
dents come to Lagunita. The last
exchange dinner was with Buchanan
Hall.
Lagunita will hold its second ex
change dinner this Wednesday night
when some 50 girls will go over to
Encina for dinner and 50 army stu
dents come to Lagunita. The last
exchange dinner was with Buchanan
Hall.
Lagunita will hold its second ex
change dinner this Wednesday night
when some 50 girls will go over to
Encina for dinner and 50 army stu
dents come to Lagunita. The last
exchange dinner was with Buchanan
Hall.
Lagunita will hold its second ex
change dinner this Wednesday night
when some 50 girls will go over to
Encina for dinner and 50 army stu
dents come to Lagunita. The last
exchange dinner was with Buchanan
Hall.
Lagunita will hold its second ex
change dinner this Wednesday night
when some 50 girls will go over to
Encina for dinner and 50 army stu
dents come to Lagunita. The last
exchange dinner was with Buchanan
Hall.
Lagunita will hold its second ex
change dinner this Wednesday night
when some 50 girls will go over to
Encina for dinner and 50 army stu
dents come to Lagunita. The last
exchange dinner was with Buchanan
Hall.
Lagunita will hold its second ex
change dinner this Wednesday night
when some 50 girls will go over to
Encina for dinner and 50 army stu
dents come to Lagunita. The last
exchange dinner was with Buchanan
Hall.
Lagunita will hold its second ex
change dinner this Wednesday night
when some 50 girls will go over to
Encina for dinner and 50 army stu
dents come to Lagunita. The last
exchange dinner was with Buchanan
Hall.
