# Glee Club to Hold Joint Concerts With California
## 
### 
The Glee Club will hold an important
meeting Wednesday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84. Special announcements con
cerning the joint concerts with the Cali
| fornia Glee Club will be made at that
i time.
The Glee Club will hold an important
meeting Wednesday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84. Special announcements con
cerning the joint concerts with the Cali
| fornia Glee Club will be made at that
i time.
The Glee Club will hold an important
meeting Wednesday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84. Special announcements con
cerning the joint concerts with the Cali
| fornia Glee Club will be made at that
i time.
The Glee Club will hold an important
meeting Wednesday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84. Special announcements con
cerning the joint concerts with the Cali
| fornia Glee Club will be made at that
i time.
The Glee Club will hold an important
meeting Wednesday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84. Special announcements con
cerning the joint concerts with the Cali
| fornia Glee Club will be made at that
i time.
The Glee Club will hold an important
meeting Wednesday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84. Special announcements con
cerning the joint concerts with the Cali
| fornia Glee Club will be made at that
i time.
The Glee Club will hold an important
meeting Wednesday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84. Special announcements con
cerning the joint concerts with the Cali
| fornia Glee Club will be made at that
i time.
The Glee Club will hold an important
meeting Wednesday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84. Special announcements con
cerning the joint concerts with the Cali
| fornia Glee Club will be made at that
i time.
The Glee Club will hold an important
meeting Wednesday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84. Special announcements con
cerning the joint concerts with the Cali
| fornia Glee Club will be made at that
i time.
The Glee Club will hold an important
meeting Wednesday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84. Special announcements con
cerning the joint concerts with the Cali
| fornia Glee Club will be made at that
i time.
The Glee Club will hold an important
meeting Wednesday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84. Special announcements con
cerning the joint concerts with the Cali
| fornia Glee Club will be made at that
i time.
The Glee Club will hold an important
meeting Wednesday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84. Special announcements con
cerning the joint concerts with the Cali
| fornia Glee Club will be made at that
i time.
The Glee Club will hold an important
meeting Wednesday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84. Special announcements con
cerning the joint concerts with the Cali
| fornia Glee Club will be made at that
i time.
The Glee Club will hold an important
meeting Wednesday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84. Special announcements con
cerning the joint concerts with the Cali
| fornia Glee Club will be made at that
i time.
The Glee Club will hold an important
meeting Wednesday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84. Special announcements con
cerning the joint concerts with the Cali
| fornia Glee Club will be made at that
i time.
