# Adv. 14 Page 3
## 
### 
ESPECIALLY FOR YOU
Have your hair-style cre
ated just for you. Skilled I
operators, professional
services.
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SALON
! i 539 Bryant Phone 23110
ESPECIALLY FOR YOU
Have your hair-style cre
ated just for you. Skilled I
operators, professional
services.
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SALON
! i 539 Bryant Phone 23110
ESPECIALLY FOR YOU
Have your hair-style cre
ated just for you. Skilled I
operators, professional
services.
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SALON
! i 539 Bryant Phone 23110
ESPECIALLY FOR YOU
Have your hair-style cre
ated just for you. Skilled I
operators, professional
services.
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SALON
! i 539 Bryant Phone 23110
ESPECIALLY FOR YOU
Have your hair-style cre
ated just for you. Skilled I
operators, professional
services.
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SALON
! i 539 Bryant Phone 23110
ESPECIALLY FOR YOU
Have your hair-style cre
ated just for you. Skilled I
operators, professional
services.
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SALON
! i 539 Bryant Phone 23110
ESPECIALLY FOR YOU
Have your hair-style cre
ated just for you. Skilled I
operators, professional
services.
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SALON
! i 539 Bryant Phone 23110
ESPECIALLY FOR YOU
Have your hair-style cre
ated just for you. Skilled I
operators, professional
services.
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SALON
! i 539 Bryant Phone 23110
ESPECIALLY FOR YOU
Have your hair-style cre
ated just for you. Skilled I
operators, professional
services.
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SALON
! i 539 Bryant Phone 23110
ESPECIALLY FOR YOU
Have your hair-style cre
ated just for you. Skilled I
operators, professional
services.
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SALON
! i 539 Bryant Phone 23110
ESPECIALLY FOR YOU
Have your hair-style cre
ated just for you. Skilled I
operators, professional
services.
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SALON
! i 539 Bryant Phone 23110
ESPECIALLY FOR YOU
Have your hair-style cre
ated just for you. Skilled I
operators, professional
services.
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SALON
! i 539 Bryant Phone 23110
ESPECIALLY FOR YOU
Have your hair-style cre
ated just for you. Skilled I
operators, professional
services.
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SALON
! i 539 Bryant Phone 23110
ESPECIALLY FOR YOU
Have your hair-style cre
ated just for you. Skilled I
operators, professional
services.
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SALON
! i 539 Bryant Phone 23110
ESPECIALLY FOR YOU
Have your hair-style cre
ated just for you. Skilled I
operators, professional
services.
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SALON
! i 539 Bryant Phone 23110
ESPECIALLY FOR YOU
Have your hair-style cre
ated just for you. Skilled I
operators, professional
services.
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SALON
! i 539 Bryant Phone 23110
ESPECIALLY FOR YOU
Have your hair-style cre
ated just for you. Skilled I
operators, professional
services.
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SALON
! i 539 Bryant Phone 23110
ESPECIALLY FOR YOU
Have your hair-style cre
ated just for you. Skilled I
operators, professional
services.
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SALON
! i 539 Bryant Phone 23110
