# Hours Announced For Women's Gym
## 
### 
A schedule of hours during which
women students may use the facili
ties of the Women's Gymnasium has
been announced by the women's
physical education department. The
entire gym is closed Saturday af
ternoon and Sunday.
For the first half of the quarter,
the swimming pool will be open
Monday at 3, Tuesday and Friday at
2, and Wednesday and Thursday at
4. The gym floor may be used when
ever there are no badminton classes
scheduled.
A schedule of hours during which
women students may use the facili
ties of the Women's Gymnasium has
been announced by the women's
physical education department. The
entire gym is closed Saturday af
ternoon and Sunday.
For the first half of the quarter,
the swimming pool will be open
Monday at 3, Tuesday and Friday at
2, and Wednesday and Thursday at
4. The gym floor may be used when
ever there are no badminton classes
scheduled.
A schedule of hours during which
women students may use the facili
ties of the Women's Gymnasium has
been announced by the women's
physical education department. The
entire gym is closed Saturday af
ternoon and Sunday.
For the first half of the quarter,
the swimming pool will be open
Monday at 3, Tuesday and Friday at
2, and Wednesday and Thursday at
4. The gym floor may be used when
ever there are no badminton classes
scheduled.
A schedule of hours during which
women students may use the facili
ties of the Women's Gymnasium has
been announced by the women's
physical education department. The
entire gym is closed Saturday af
ternoon and Sunday.
For the first half of the quarter,
the swimming pool will be open
Monday at 3, Tuesday and Friday at
2, and Wednesday and Thursday at
4. The gym floor may be used when
ever there are no badminton classes
scheduled.
A schedule of hours during which
women students may use the facili
ties of the Women's Gymnasium has
been announced by the women's
physical education department. The
entire gym is closed Saturday af
ternoon and Sunday.
For the first half of the quarter,
the swimming pool will be open
Monday at 3, Tuesday and Friday at
2, and Wednesday and Thursday at
4. The gym floor may be used when
ever there are no badminton classes
scheduled.
A schedule of hours during which
women students may use the facili
ties of the Women's Gymnasium has
been announced by the women's
physical education department. The
entire gym is closed Saturday af
ternoon and Sunday.
For the first half of the quarter,
the swimming pool will be open
Monday at 3, Tuesday and Friday at
2, and Wednesday and Thursday at
4. The gym floor may be used when
ever there are no badminton classes
scheduled.
A schedule of hours during which
women students may use the facili
ties of the Women's Gymnasium has
been announced by the women's
physical education department. The
entire gym is closed Saturday af
ternoon and Sunday.
For the first half of the quarter,
the swimming pool will be open
Monday at 3, Tuesday and Friday at
2, and Wednesday and Thursday at
4. The gym floor may be used when
ever there are no badminton classes
scheduled.
A schedule of hours during which
women students may use the facili
ties of the Women's Gymnasium has
been announced by the women's
physical education department. The
entire gym is closed Saturday af
ternoon and Sunday.
For the first half of the quarter,
the swimming pool will be open
Monday at 3, Tuesday and Friday at
2, and Wednesday and Thursday at
4. The gym floor may be used when
ever there are no badminton classes
scheduled.
A schedule of hours during which
women students may use the facili
ties of the Women's Gymnasium has
been announced by the women's
physical education department. The
entire gym is closed Saturday af
ternoon and Sunday.
For the first half of the quarter,
the swimming pool will be open
Monday at 3, Tuesday and Friday at
2, and Wednesday and Thursday at
4. The gym floor may be used when
ever there are no badminton classes
scheduled.
A schedule of hours during which
women students may use the facili
ties of the Women's Gymnasium has
been announced by the women's
physical education department. The
entire gym is closed Saturday af
ternoon and Sunday.
For the first half of the quarter,
the swimming pool will be open
Monday at 3, Tuesday and Friday at
2, and Wednesday and Thursday at
4. The gym floor may be used when
ever there are no badminton classes
scheduled.
A schedule of hours during which
women students may use the facili
ties of the Women's Gymnasium has
been announced by the women's
physical education department. The
entire gym is closed Saturday af
ternoon and Sunday.
For the first half of the quarter,
the swimming pool will be open
Monday at 3, Tuesday and Friday at
2, and Wednesday and Thursday at
4. The gym floor may be used when
ever there are no badminton classes
scheduled.
A schedule of hours during which
women students may use the facili
ties of the Women's Gymnasium has
been announced by the women's
physical education department. The
entire gym is closed Saturday af
ternoon and Sunday.
For the first half of the quarter,
the swimming pool will be open
Monday at 3, Tuesday and Friday at
2, and Wednesday and Thursday at
4. The gym floor may be used when
ever there are no badminton classes
scheduled.
A schedule of hours during which
women students may use the facili
ties of the Women's Gymnasium has
been announced by the women's
physical education department. The
entire gym is closed Saturday af
ternoon and Sunday.
For the first half of the quarter,
the swimming pool will be open
Monday at 3, Tuesday and Friday at
2, and Wednesday and Thursday at
4. The gym floor may be used when
ever there are no badminton classes
scheduled.
A schedule of hours during which
women students may use the facili
ties of the Women's Gymnasium has
been announced by the women's
physical education department. The
entire gym is closed Saturday af
ternoon and Sunday.
For the first half of the quarter,
the swimming pool will be open
Monday at 3, Tuesday and Friday at
2, and Wednesday and Thursday at
4. The gym floor may be used when
ever there are no badminton classes
scheduled.
A schedule of hours during which
women students may use the facili
ties of the Women's Gymnasium has
been announced by the women's
physical education department. The
entire gym is closed Saturday af
ternoon and Sunday.
For the first half of the quarter,
the swimming pool will be open
Monday at 3, Tuesday and Friday at
2, and Wednesday and Thursday at
4. The gym floor may be used when
ever there are no badminton classes
scheduled.
A schedule of hours during which
women students may use the facili
ties of the Women's Gymnasium has
been announced by the women's
physical education department. The
entire gym is closed Saturday af
ternoon and Sunday.
For the first half of the quarter,
the swimming pool will be open
Monday at 3, Tuesday and Friday at
2, and Wednesday and Thursday at
4. The gym floor may be used when
ever there are no badminton classes
scheduled.
A schedule of hours during which
women students may use the facili
ties of the Women's Gymnasium has
been announced by the women's
physical education department. The
entire gym is closed Saturday af
ternoon and Sunday.
For the first half of the quarter,
the swimming pool will be open
Monday at 3, Tuesday and Friday at
2, and Wednesday and Thursday at
4. The gym floor may be used when
ever there are no badminton classes
scheduled.
A schedule of hours during which
women students may use the facili
ties of the Women's Gymnasium has
been announced by the women's
physical education department. The
entire gym is closed Saturday af
ternoon and Sunday.
For the first half of the quarter,
the swimming pool will be open
Monday at 3, Tuesday and Friday at
2, and Wednesday and Thursday at
4. The gym floor may be used when
ever there are no badminton classes
scheduled.
