# SOVIETS PILE UP TANK GRAVEYARD
## 
### 
MOSCOW, Sept. 29 (UP).—Vic
tory-flughed troops on the central
front are "pursuing" 12 German
panzer divisions west of Bryansk
after capturing two villages and
building up a great graveyard of
German tanks, war dispatches said
today.
A thin blanket of snow, harbinger
of the bitter winter creeping down
from the Arctic, covered Moscow
early Monday. It was one of the
coldest September bursts here in
many years.
MOSCOW, Sept. 29 (UP).—Vic
tory-flughed troops on the central
front are "pursuing" 12 German
panzer divisions west of Bryansk
after capturing two villages and
building up a great graveyard of
German tanks, war dispatches said
today.
A thin blanket of snow, harbinger
of the bitter winter creeping down
from the Arctic, covered Moscow
early Monday. It was one of the
coldest September bursts here in
many years.
MOSCOW, Sept. 29 (UP).—Vic
tory-flughed troops on the central
front are "pursuing" 12 German
panzer divisions west of Bryansk
after capturing two villages and
building up a great graveyard of
German tanks, war dispatches said
today.
A thin blanket of snow, harbinger
of the bitter winter creeping down
from the Arctic, covered Moscow
early Monday. It was one of the
coldest September bursts here in
many years.
MOSCOW, Sept. 29 (UP).—Vic
tory-flughed troops on the central
front are "pursuing" 12 German
panzer divisions west of Bryansk
after capturing two villages and
building up a great graveyard of
German tanks, war dispatches said
today.
A thin blanket of snow, harbinger
of the bitter winter creeping down
from the Arctic, covered Moscow
early Monday. It was one of the
coldest September bursts here in
many years.
MOSCOW, Sept. 29 (UP).—Vic
tory-flughed troops on the central
front are "pursuing" 12 German
panzer divisions west of Bryansk
after capturing two villages and
building up a great graveyard of
German tanks, war dispatches said
today.
A thin blanket of snow, harbinger
of the bitter winter creeping down
from the Arctic, covered Moscow
early Monday. It was one of the
coldest September bursts here in
many years.
MOSCOW, Sept. 29 (UP).—Vic
tory-flughed troops on the central
front are "pursuing" 12 German
panzer divisions west of Bryansk
after capturing two villages and
building up a great graveyard of
German tanks, war dispatches said
today.
A thin blanket of snow, harbinger
of the bitter winter creeping down
from the Arctic, covered Moscow
early Monday. It was one of the
coldest September bursts here in
many years.
MOSCOW, Sept. 29 (UP).—Vic
tory-flughed troops on the central
front are "pursuing" 12 German
panzer divisions west of Bryansk
after capturing two villages and
building up a great graveyard of
German tanks, war dispatches said
today.
A thin blanket of snow, harbinger
of the bitter winter creeping down
from the Arctic, covered Moscow
early Monday. It was one of the
coldest September bursts here in
many years.
MOSCOW, Sept. 29 (UP).—Vic
tory-flughed troops on the central
front are "pursuing" 12 German
panzer divisions west of Bryansk
after capturing two villages and
building up a great graveyard of
German tanks, war dispatches said
today.
A thin blanket of snow, harbinger
of the bitter winter creeping down
from the Arctic, covered Moscow
early Monday. It was one of the
coldest September bursts here in
many years.
MOSCOW, Sept. 29 (UP).—Vic
tory-flughed troops on the central
front are "pursuing" 12 German
panzer divisions west of Bryansk
after capturing two villages and
building up a great graveyard of
German tanks, war dispatches said
today.
A thin blanket of snow, harbinger
of the bitter winter creeping down
from the Arctic, covered Moscow
early Monday. It was one of the
coldest September bursts here in
many years.
MOSCOW, Sept. 29 (UP).—Vic
tory-flughed troops on the central
front are "pursuing" 12 German
panzer divisions west of Bryansk
after capturing two villages and
building up a great graveyard of
German tanks, war dispatches said
today.
A thin blanket of snow, harbinger
of the bitter winter creeping down
from the Arctic, covered Moscow
early Monday. It was one of the
coldest September bursts here in
many years.
MOSCOW, Sept. 29 (UP).—Vic
tory-flughed troops on the central
front are "pursuing" 12 German
panzer divisions west of Bryansk
after capturing two villages and
building up a great graveyard of
German tanks, war dispatches said
today.
A thin blanket of snow, harbinger
of the bitter winter creeping down
from the Arctic, covered Moscow
early Monday. It was one of the
coldest September bursts here in
many years.
MOSCOW, Sept. 29 (UP).—Vic
tory-flughed troops on the central
front are "pursuing" 12 German
panzer divisions west of Bryansk
after capturing two villages and
building up a great graveyard of
German tanks, war dispatches said
today.
A thin blanket of snow, harbinger
of the bitter winter creeping down
from the Arctic, covered Moscow
early Monday. It was one of the
coldest September bursts here in
many years.
MOSCOW, Sept. 29 (UP).—Vic
tory-flughed troops on the central
front are "pursuing" 12 German
panzer divisions west of Bryansk
after capturing two villages and
building up a great graveyard of
German tanks, war dispatches said
today.
A thin blanket of snow, harbinger
of the bitter winter creeping down
from the Arctic, covered Moscow
early Monday. It was one of the
coldest September bursts here in
many years.
MOSCOW, Sept. 29 (UP).—Vic
tory-flughed troops on the central
front are "pursuing" 12 German
panzer divisions west of Bryansk
after capturing two villages and
building up a great graveyard of
German tanks, war dispatches said
today.
A thin blanket of snow, harbinger
of the bitter winter creeping down
from the Arctic, covered Moscow
early Monday. It was one of the
coldest September bursts here in
many years.
MOSCOW, Sept. 29 (UP).—Vic
tory-flughed troops on the central
front are "pursuing" 12 German
panzer divisions west of Bryansk
after capturing two villages and
building up a great graveyard of
German tanks, war dispatches said
today.
A thin blanket of snow, harbinger
of the bitter winter creeping down
from the Arctic, covered Moscow
early Monday. It was one of the
coldest September bursts here in
many years.
MOSCOW, Sept. 29 (UP).—Vic
tory-flughed troops on the central
front are "pursuing" 12 German
panzer divisions west of Bryansk
after capturing two villages and
building up a great graveyard of
German tanks, war dispatches said
today.
A thin blanket of snow, harbinger
of the bitter winter creeping down
from the Arctic, covered Moscow
early Monday. It was one of the
coldest September bursts here in
many years.
MOSCOW, Sept. 29 (UP).—Vic
tory-flughed troops on the central
front are "pursuing" 12 German
panzer divisions west of Bryansk
after capturing two villages and
building up a great graveyard of
German tanks, war dispatches said
today.
A thin blanket of snow, harbinger
of the bitter winter creeping down
from the Arctic, covered Moscow
early Monday. It was one of the
coldest September bursts here in
many years.
MOSCOW, Sept. 29 (UP).—Vic
tory-flughed troops on the central
front are "pursuing" 12 German
panzer divisions west of Bryansk
after capturing two villages and
building up a great graveyard of
German tanks, war dispatches said
today.
A thin blanket of snow, harbinger
of the bitter winter creeping down
from the Arctic, covered Moscow
early Monday. It was one of the
coldest September bursts here in
many years.
