# Back at Practice
## 
### 

IN SPITE of his injury in Satur
day's game, Pete Kmetovic was
out for practice yesterday and
looked in good shape.

IN SPITE of his injury in Satur
day's game, Pete Kmetovic was
out for practice yesterday and
looked in good shape.

IN SPITE of his injury in Satur
day's game, Pete Kmetovic was
out for practice yesterday and
looked in good shape.

IN SPITE of his injury in Satur
day's game, Pete Kmetovic was
out for practice yesterday and
looked in good shape.

IN SPITE of his injury in Satur
day's game, Pete Kmetovic was
out for practice yesterday and
looked in good shape.

IN SPITE of his injury in Satur
day's game, Pete Kmetovic was
out for practice yesterday and
looked in good shape.

IN SPITE of his injury in Satur
day's game, Pete Kmetovic was
out for practice yesterday and
looked in good shape.

IN SPITE of his injury in Satur
day's game, Pete Kmetovic was
out for practice yesterday and
looked in good shape.

IN SPITE of his injury in Satur
day's game, Pete Kmetovic was
out for practice yesterday and
looked in good shape.

IN SPITE of his injury in Satur
day's game, Pete Kmetovic was
out for practice yesterday and
looked in good shape.

IN SPITE of his injury in Satur
day's game, Pete Kmetovic was
out for practice yesterday and
looked in good shape.

IN SPITE of his injury in Satur
day's game, Pete Kmetovic was
out for practice yesterday and
looked in good shape.

IN SPITE of his injury in Satur
day's game, Pete Kmetovic was
out for practice yesterday and
looked in good shape.

IN SPITE of his injury in Satur
day's game, Pete Kmetovic was
out for practice yesterday and
looked in good shape.

IN SPITE of his injury in Satur
day's game, Pete Kmetovic was
out for practice yesterday and
looked in good shape.

IN SPITE of his injury in Satur
day's game, Pete Kmetovic was
out for practice yesterday and
looked in good shape.

IN SPITE of his injury in Satur
day's game, Pete Kmetovic was
out for practice yesterday and
looked in good shape.

IN SPITE of his injury in Satur
day's game, Pete Kmetovic was
out for practice yesterday and
looked in good shape.
