# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Student tickets for the play
"Thunder Rock," to he presented
tomorrow night at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall, may l>e obtained by
presenting student body cards at
the A.S.S.U. office or at the Fif-
I ticth Anniversary offices.
Student tickets for the play
"Thunder Rock," to he presented
tomorrow night at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall, may l>e obtained by
presenting student body cards at
the A.S.S.U. office or at the Fif-
I ticth Anniversary offices.
Student tickets for the play
"Thunder Rock," to he presented
tomorrow night at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall, may l>e obtained by
presenting student body cards at
the A.S.S.U. office or at the Fif-
I ticth Anniversary offices.
Student tickets for the play
"Thunder Rock," to he presented
tomorrow night at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall, may l>e obtained by
presenting student body cards at
the A.S.S.U. office or at the Fif-
I ticth Anniversary offices.
Student tickets for the play
"Thunder Rock," to he presented
tomorrow night at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall, may l>e obtained by
presenting student body cards at
the A.S.S.U. office or at the Fif-
I ticth Anniversary offices.
Student tickets for the play
"Thunder Rock," to he presented
tomorrow night at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall, may l>e obtained by
presenting student body cards at
the A.S.S.U. office or at the Fif-
I ticth Anniversary offices.
Student tickets for the play
"Thunder Rock," to he presented
tomorrow night at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall, may l>e obtained by
presenting student body cards at
the A.S.S.U. office or at the Fif-
I ticth Anniversary offices.
Student tickets for the play
"Thunder Rock," to he presented
tomorrow night at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall, may l>e obtained by
presenting student body cards at
the A.S.S.U. office or at the Fif-
I ticth Anniversary offices.
Student tickets for the play
"Thunder Rock," to he presented
tomorrow night at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall, may l>e obtained by
presenting student body cards at
the A.S.S.U. office or at the Fif-
I ticth Anniversary offices.
Student tickets for the play
"Thunder Rock," to he presented
tomorrow night at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall, may l>e obtained by
presenting student body cards at
the A.S.S.U. office or at the Fif-
I ticth Anniversary offices.
Student tickets for the play
"Thunder Rock," to he presented
tomorrow night at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall, may l>e obtained by
presenting student body cards at
the A.S.S.U. office or at the Fif-
I ticth Anniversary offices.
Student tickets for the play
"Thunder Rock," to he presented
tomorrow night at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall, may l>e obtained by
presenting student body cards at
the A.S.S.U. office or at the Fif-
I ticth Anniversary offices.
Student tickets for the play
"Thunder Rock," to he presented
tomorrow night at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall, may l>e obtained by
presenting student body cards at
the A.S.S.U. office or at the Fif-
I ticth Anniversary offices.
Student tickets for the play
"Thunder Rock," to he presented
tomorrow night at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall, may l>e obtained by
presenting student body cards at
the A.S.S.U. office or at the Fif-
I ticth Anniversary offices.
Student tickets for the play
"Thunder Rock," to he presented
tomorrow night at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall, may l>e obtained by
presenting student body cards at
the A.S.S.U. office or at the Fif-
I ticth Anniversary offices.
Student tickets for the play
"Thunder Rock," to he presented
tomorrow night at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall, may l>e obtained by
presenting student body cards at
the A.S.S.U. office or at the Fif-
I ticth Anniversary offices.
Student tickets for the play
"Thunder Rock," to he presented
tomorrow night at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall, may l>e obtained by
presenting student body cards at
the A.S.S.U. office or at the Fif-
I ticth Anniversary offices.
Student tickets for the play
"Thunder Rock," to he presented
tomorrow night at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall, may l>e obtained by
presenting student body cards at
the A.S.S.U. office or at the Fif-
I ticth Anniversary offices.
