# NOT MILK OF HUMAN KINDNESS
## 
### 

BECAUSE OF SIMILARITY of (raining bombs to milk bottles, this
delivery man has been called "(lie milk man" at Canada's Jarvis Bomb
ing and Gunnery School. But these cadets aren't filling (heir bomb
racks with the milk of human kindness—not by a long shot.

BECAUSE OF SIMILARITY of (raining bombs to milk bottles, this
delivery man has been called "(lie milk man" at Canada's Jarvis Bomb
ing and Gunnery School. But these cadets aren't filling (heir bomb
racks with the milk of human kindness—not by a long shot.

BECAUSE OF SIMILARITY of (raining bombs to milk bottles, this
delivery man has been called "(lie milk man" at Canada's Jarvis Bomb
ing and Gunnery School. But these cadets aren't filling (heir bomb
racks with the milk of human kindness—not by a long shot.

BECAUSE OF SIMILARITY of (raining bombs to milk bottles, this
delivery man has been called "(lie milk man" at Canada's Jarvis Bomb
ing and Gunnery School. But these cadets aren't filling (heir bomb
racks with the milk of human kindness—not by a long shot.

BECAUSE OF SIMILARITY of (raining bombs to milk bottles, this
delivery man has been called "(lie milk man" at Canada's Jarvis Bomb
ing and Gunnery School. But these cadets aren't filling (heir bomb
racks with the milk of human kindness—not by a long shot.

BECAUSE OF SIMILARITY of (raining bombs to milk bottles, this
delivery man has been called "(lie milk man" at Canada's Jarvis Bomb
ing and Gunnery School. But these cadets aren't filling (heir bomb
racks with the milk of human kindness—not by a long shot.

BECAUSE OF SIMILARITY of (raining bombs to milk bottles, this
delivery man has been called "(lie milk man" at Canada's Jarvis Bomb
ing and Gunnery School. But these cadets aren't filling (heir bomb
racks with the milk of human kindness—not by a long shot.

BECAUSE OF SIMILARITY of (raining bombs to milk bottles, this
delivery man has been called "(lie milk man" at Canada's Jarvis Bomb
ing and Gunnery School. But these cadets aren't filling (heir bomb
racks with the milk of human kindness—not by a long shot.

BECAUSE OF SIMILARITY of (raining bombs to milk bottles, this
delivery man has been called "(lie milk man" at Canada's Jarvis Bomb
ing and Gunnery School. But these cadets aren't filling (heir bomb
racks with the milk of human kindness—not by a long shot.

BECAUSE OF SIMILARITY of (raining bombs to milk bottles, this
delivery man has been called "(lie milk man" at Canada's Jarvis Bomb
ing and Gunnery School. But these cadets aren't filling (heir bomb
racks with the milk of human kindness—not by a long shot.

BECAUSE OF SIMILARITY of (raining bombs to milk bottles, this
delivery man has been called "(lie milk man" at Canada's Jarvis Bomb
ing and Gunnery School. But these cadets aren't filling (heir bomb
racks with the milk of human kindness—not by a long shot.

BECAUSE OF SIMILARITY of (raining bombs to milk bottles, this
delivery man has been called "(lie milk man" at Canada's Jarvis Bomb
ing and Gunnery School. But these cadets aren't filling (heir bomb
racks with the milk of human kindness—not by a long shot.

BECAUSE OF SIMILARITY of (raining bombs to milk bottles, this
delivery man has been called "(lie milk man" at Canada's Jarvis Bomb
ing and Gunnery School. But these cadets aren't filling (heir bomb
racks with the milk of human kindness—not by a long shot.

BECAUSE OF SIMILARITY of (raining bombs to milk bottles, this
delivery man has been called "(lie milk man" at Canada's Jarvis Bomb
ing and Gunnery School. But these cadets aren't filling (heir bomb
racks with the milk of human kindness—not by a long shot.

BECAUSE OF SIMILARITY of (raining bombs to milk bottles, this
delivery man has been called "(lie milk man" at Canada's Jarvis Bomb
ing and Gunnery School. But these cadets aren't filling (heir bomb
racks with the milk of human kindness—not by a long shot.

BECAUSE OF SIMILARITY of (raining bombs to milk bottles, this
delivery man has been called "(lie milk man" at Canada's Jarvis Bomb
ing and Gunnery School. But these cadets aren't filling (heir bomb
racks with the milk of human kindness—not by a long shot.

BECAUSE OF SIMILARITY of (raining bombs to milk bottles, this
delivery man has been called "(lie milk man" at Canada's Jarvis Bomb
ing and Gunnery School. But these cadets aren't filling (heir bomb
racks with the milk of human kindness—not by a long shot.

BECAUSE OF SIMILARITY of (raining bombs to milk bottles, this
delivery man has been called "(lie milk man" at Canada's Jarvis Bomb
ing and Gunnery School. But these cadets aren't filling (heir bomb
racks with the milk of human kindness—not by a long shot.
