# Wrestlers eye Titans
## 
### Buck Roggeman Staff writer 
The Stanford wrestling team
was looking forward to one of its
toughest challenges of the season
tonight against Fullerton State.
Now the team is just thankful to
have a match as unusual circum
stances put tonight's 7:30 p.m.
match at Burnham Pavilion in
doubt.
"The Fullerton State coach
thought he had such a strong,
deep team that he actually sched
uled a road trip back east and the
competition here simultane
ously," Stanford Coach Chris Hor
pel said. "He felt he had enough
talent to split a team in two and
still be very competitive."
However, injuries and eligibility
problems have depleted the
Titans. The result will be three
Fullerton State forfeits in
tonight's meet.
The forfeits will come in the
126, 134, and 167-pound weight
divisions.
The other seven spots will be
filled by substitute Titans. Two
of the matches will be especially
competitive.
Stanford's Geoff Baum (150
lbs.) will square off against Jim
Walker, a native of Los Gatos who
has wrestled for Chris Horpel in

the past. Horpel said that Baum
"will have his hands full -
The other key match of the eve
ning will feature the Cardinal's
leading wrestler, Steve Buddie
(177 lbs.), as he matches up
against freshman Dwain Buth.
When they are wrestling as one
unit, the Titans have a strong
team. They defeated Portland
State, last year's Division II na
tional champions. In addition,
they won a couple of individual
matches against top-ranked Ari
zona State. Their 6-8 dual meet
record is misleading because they
have wrestled a difficult schedule.
"The thing that is discouraging
is that timing is right," Horpel
said. "This team has got a lot of
spirit. They've been working
really hard and they're used to
winning. It would take a lot to
beat them right now."
The Stanford wrestling team
was looking forward to one of its
toughest challenges of the season
tonight against Fullerton State.
Now the team is just thankful to
have a match as unusual circum
stances put tonight's 7:30 p.m.
match at Burnham Pavilion in
doubt.
"The Fullerton State coach
thought he had such a strong,
deep team that he actually sched
uled a road trip back east and the
competition here simultane
ously," Stanford Coach Chris Hor
pel said. "He felt he had enough
talent to split a team in two and
still be very competitive."
However, injuries and eligibility
problems have depleted the
Titans. The result will be three
Fullerton State forfeits in
tonight's meet.
The forfeits will come in the
126, 134, and 167-pound weight
divisions.
The other seven spots will be
filled by substitute Titans. Two
of the matches will be especially
competitive.
Stanford's Geoff Baum (150
lbs.) will square off against Jim
Walker, a native of Los Gatos who
has wrestled for Chris Horpel in

the past. Horpel said that Baum
"will have his hands full -
The other key match of the eve
ning will feature the Cardinal's
leading wrestler, Steve Buddie
(177 lbs.), as he matches up
against freshman Dwain Buth.
When they are wrestling as one
unit, the Titans have a strong
team. They defeated Portland
State, last year's Division II na
tional champions. In addition,
they won a couple of individual
matches against top-ranked Ari
zona State. Their 6-8 dual meet
record is misleading because they
have wrestled a difficult schedule.
"The thing that is discouraging
is that timing is right," Horpel
said. "This team has got a lot of
spirit. They've been working
really hard and they're used to
winning. It would take a lot to
beat them right now."
The Stanford wrestling team
was looking forward to one of its
toughest challenges of the season
tonight against Fullerton State.
Now the team is just thankful to
have a match as unusual circum
stances put tonight's 7:30 p.m.
match at Burnham Pavilion in
doubt.
"The Fullerton State coach
thought he had such a strong,
deep team that he actually sched
uled a road trip back east and the
competition here simultane
ously," Stanford Coach Chris Hor
pel said. "He felt he had enough
talent to split a team in two and
still be very competitive."
However, injuries and eligibility
problems have depleted the
Titans. The result will be three
Fullerton State forfeits in
tonight's meet.
The forfeits will come in the
126, 134, and 167-pound weight
divisions.
The other seven spots will be
filled by substitute Titans. Two
of the matches will be especially
competitive.
Stanford's Geoff Baum (150
lbs.) will square off against Jim
Walker, a native of Los Gatos who
has wrestled for Chris Horpel in

the past. Horpel said that Baum
"will have his hands full -
The other key match of the eve
ning will feature the Cardinal's
leading wrestler, Steve Buddie
(177 lbs.), as he matches up
against freshman Dwain Buth.
When they are wrestling as one
unit, the Titans have a strong
team. They defeated Portland
State, last year's Division II na
tional champions. In addition,
they won a couple of individual
matches against top-ranked Ari
zona State. Their 6-8 dual meet
record is misleading because they
have wrestled a difficult schedule.
"The thing that is discouraging
is that timing is right," Horpel
said. "This team has got a lot of
spirit. They've been working
really hard and they're used to
winning. It would take a lot to
beat them right now."
The Stanford wrestling team
was looking forward to one of its
toughest challenges of the season
tonight against Fullerton State.
Now the team is just thankful to
have a match as unusual circum
stances put tonight's 7:30 p.m.
match at Burnham Pavilion in
doubt.
"The Fullerton State coach
thought he had such a strong,
deep team that he actually sched
uled a road trip back east and the
competition here simultane
ously," Stanford Coach Chris Hor
pel said. "He felt he had enough
talent to split a team in two and
still be very competitive."
However, injuries and eligibility
problems have depleted the
Titans. The result will be three
Fullerton State forfeits in
tonight's meet.
The forfeits will come in the
126, 134, and 167-pound weight
divisions.
The other seven spots will be
filled by substitute Titans. Two
of the matches will be especially
competitive.
Stanford's Geoff Baum (150
lbs.) will square off against Jim
Walker, a native of Los Gatos who
has wrestled for Chris Horpel in

the past. Horpel said that Baum
"will have his hands full -
The other key match of the eve
ning will feature the Cardinal's
leading wrestler, Steve Buddie
(177 lbs.), as he matches up
against freshman Dwain Buth.
When they are wrestling as one
unit, the Titans have a strong
team. They defeated Portland
State, last year's Division II na
tional champions. In addition,
they won a couple of individual
matches against top-ranked Ari
zona State. Their 6-8 dual meet
record is misleading because they
have wrestled a difficult schedule.
"The thing that is discouraging
is that timing is right," Horpel
said. "This team has got a lot of
spirit. They've been working
really hard and they're used to
winning. It would take a lot to
beat them right now."
The Stanford wrestling team
was looking forward to one of its
toughest challenges of the season
tonight against Fullerton State.
Now the team is just thankful to
have a match as unusual circum
stances put tonight's 7:30 p.m.
match at Burnham Pavilion in
doubt.
"The Fullerton State coach
thought he had such a strong,
deep team that he actually sched
uled a road trip back east and the
competition here simultane
ously," Stanford Coach Chris Hor
pel said. "He felt he had enough
talent to split a team in two and
still be very competitive."
However, injuries and eligibility
problems have depleted the
Titans. The result will be three
Fullerton State forfeits in
tonight's meet.
The forfeits will come in the
126, 134, and 167-pound weight
divisions.
The other seven spots will be
filled by substitute Titans. Two
of the matches will be especially
competitive.
Stanford's Geoff Baum (150
lbs.) will square off against Jim
Walker, a native of Los Gatos who
has wrestled for Chris Horpel in

the past. Horpel said that Baum
"will have his hands full -
The other key match of the eve
ning will feature the Cardinal's
leading wrestler, Steve Buddie
(177 lbs.), as he matches up
against freshman Dwain Buth.
When they are wrestling as one
unit, the Titans have a strong
team. They defeated Portland
State, last year's Division II na
tional champions. In addition,
they won a couple of individual
matches against top-ranked Ari
zona State. Their 6-8 dual meet
record is misleading because they
have wrestled a difficult schedule.
"The thing that is discouraging
is that timing is right," Horpel
said. "This team has got a lot of
spirit. They've been working
really hard and they're used to
winning. It would take a lot to
beat them right now."
The Stanford wrestling team
was looking forward to one of its
toughest challenges of the season
tonight against Fullerton State.
Now the team is just thankful to
have a match as unusual circum
stances put tonight's 7:30 p.m.
match at Burnham Pavilion in
doubt.
"The Fullerton State coach
thought he had such a strong,
deep team that he actually sched
uled a road trip back east and the
competition here simultane
ously," Stanford Coach Chris Hor
pel said. "He felt he had enough
talent to split a team in two and
still be very competitive."
However, injuries and eligibility
problems have depleted the
Titans. The result will be three
Fullerton State forfeits in
tonight's meet.
The forfeits will come in the
126, 134, and 167-pound weight
divisions.
The other seven spots will be
filled by substitute Titans. Two
of the matches will be especially
competitive.
Stanford's Geoff Baum (150
lbs.) will square off against Jim
Walker, a native of Los Gatos who
has wrestled for Chris Horpel in

the past. Horpel said that Baum
"will have his hands full -
The other key match of the eve
ning will feature the Cardinal's
leading wrestler, Steve Buddie
(177 lbs.), as he matches up
against freshman Dwain Buth.
When they are wrestling as one
unit, the Titans have a strong
team. They defeated Portland
State, last year's Division II na
tional champions. In addition,
they won a couple of individual
matches against top-ranked Ari
zona State. Their 6-8 dual meet
record is misleading because they
have wrestled a difficult schedule.
"The thing that is discouraging
is that timing is right," Horpel
said. "This team has got a lot of
spirit. They've been working
really hard and they're used to
winning. It would take a lot to
beat them right now."
The Stanford wrestling team
was looking forward to one of its
toughest challenges of the season
tonight against Fullerton State.
Now the team is just thankful to
have a match as unusual circum
stances put tonight's 7:30 p.m.
match at Burnham Pavilion in
doubt.
"The Fullerton State coach
thought he had such a strong,
deep team that he actually sched
uled a road trip back east and the
competition here simultane
ously," Stanford Coach Chris Hor
pel said. "He felt he had enough
talent to split a team in two and
still be very competitive."
However, injuries and eligibility
problems have depleted the
Titans. The result will be three
Fullerton State forfeits in
tonight's meet.
The forfeits will come in the
126, 134, and 167-pound weight
divisions.
The other seven spots will be
filled by substitute Titans. Two
of the matches will be especially
competitive.
Stanford's Geoff Baum (150
lbs.) will square off against Jim
Walker, a native of Los Gatos who
has wrestled for Chris Horpel in

the past. Horpel said that Baum
"will have his hands full -
The other key match of the eve
ning will feature the Cardinal's
leading wrestler, Steve Buddie
(177 lbs.), as he matches up
against freshman Dwain Buth.
When they are wrestling as one
unit, the Titans have a strong
team. They defeated Portland
State, last year's Division II na
tional champions. In addition,
they won a couple of individual
matches against top-ranked Ari
zona State. Their 6-8 dual meet
record is misleading because they
have wrestled a difficult schedule.
"The thing that is discouraging
is that timing is right," Horpel
said. "This team has got a lot of
spirit. They've been working
really hard and they're used to
winning. It would take a lot to
beat them right now."
The Stanford wrestling team
was looking forward to one of its
toughest challenges of the season
tonight against Fullerton State.
Now the team is just thankful to
have a match as unusual circum
stances put tonight's 7:30 p.m.
match at Burnham Pavilion in
doubt.
"The Fullerton State coach
thought he had such a strong,
deep team that he actually sched
uled a road trip back east and the
competition here simultane
ously," Stanford Coach Chris Hor
pel said. "He felt he had enough
talent to split a team in two and
still be very competitive."
However, injuries and eligibility
problems have depleted the
Titans. The result will be three
Fullerton State forfeits in
tonight's meet.
The forfeits will come in the
126, 134, and 167-pound weight
divisions.
The other seven spots will be
filled by substitute Titans. Two
of the matches will be especially
competitive.
Stanford's Geoff Baum (150
lbs.) will square off against Jim
Walker, a native of Los Gatos who
has wrestled for Chris Horpel in

the past. Horpel said that Baum
"will have his hands full -
The other key match of the eve
ning will feature the Cardinal's
leading wrestler, Steve Buddie
(177 lbs.), as he matches up
against freshman Dwain Buth.
When they are wrestling as one
unit, the Titans have a strong
team. They defeated Portland
State, last year's Division II na
tional champions. In addition,
they won a couple of individual
matches against top-ranked Ari
zona State. Their 6-8 dual meet
record is misleading because they
have wrestled a difficult schedule.
"The thing that is discouraging
is that timing is right," Horpel
said. "This team has got a lot of
spirit. They've been working
really hard and they're used to
winning. It would take a lot to
beat them right now."
