# AUBURN LOSES COACH
## 
### 
Auburn, which recently lost Ath
letic Director Jack Meagher to the
Navy, may not continue intercol
legiate football competition next
year.
This announcement was made by
President L. N. Duncan to alumni.
Auburn, which recently lost Ath
letic Director Jack Meagher to the
Navy, may not continue intercol
legiate football competition next
year.
This announcement was made by
President L. N. Duncan to alumni.
Auburn, which recently lost Ath
letic Director Jack Meagher to the
Navy, may not continue intercol
legiate football competition next
year.
This announcement was made by
President L. N. Duncan to alumni.
Auburn, which recently lost Ath
letic Director Jack Meagher to the
Navy, may not continue intercol
legiate football competition next
year.
This announcement was made by
President L. N. Duncan to alumni.
Auburn, which recently lost Ath
letic Director Jack Meagher to the
Navy, may not continue intercol
legiate football competition next
year.
This announcement was made by
President L. N. Duncan to alumni.
Auburn, which recently lost Ath
letic Director Jack Meagher to the
Navy, may not continue intercol
legiate football competition next
year.
This announcement was made by
President L. N. Duncan to alumni.
Auburn, which recently lost Ath
letic Director Jack Meagher to the
Navy, may not continue intercol
legiate football competition next
year.
This announcement was made by
President L. N. Duncan to alumni.
Auburn, which recently lost Ath
letic Director Jack Meagher to the
Navy, may not continue intercol
legiate football competition next
year.
This announcement was made by
President L. N. Duncan to alumni.
Auburn, which recently lost Ath
letic Director Jack Meagher to the
Navy, may not continue intercol
legiate football competition next
year.
This announcement was made by
President L. N. Duncan to alumni.
Auburn, which recently lost Ath
letic Director Jack Meagher to the
Navy, may not continue intercol
legiate football competition next
year.
This announcement was made by
President L. N. Duncan to alumni.
Auburn, which recently lost Ath
letic Director Jack Meagher to the
Navy, may not continue intercol
legiate football competition next
year.
This announcement was made by
President L. N. Duncan to alumni.
Auburn, which recently lost Ath
letic Director Jack Meagher to the
Navy, may not continue intercol
legiate football competition next
year.
This announcement was made by
President L. N. Duncan to alumni.
Auburn, which recently lost Ath
letic Director Jack Meagher to the
Navy, may not continue intercol
legiate football competition next
year.
This announcement was made by
President L. N. Duncan to alumni.
Auburn, which recently lost Ath
letic Director Jack Meagher to the
Navy, may not continue intercol
legiate football competition next
year.
This announcement was made by
President L. N. Duncan to alumni.
Auburn, which recently lost Ath
letic Director Jack Meagher to the
Navy, may not continue intercol
legiate football competition next
year.
This announcement was made by
President L. N. Duncan to alumni.
Auburn, which recently lost Ath
letic Director Jack Meagher to the
Navy, may not continue intercol
legiate football competition next
year.
This announcement was made by
President L. N. Duncan to alumni.
Auburn, which recently lost Ath
letic Director Jack Meagher to the
Navy, may not continue intercol
legiate football competition next
year.
This announcement was made by
President L. N. Duncan to alumni.
