# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Prime Minister Winston Churchill (lett), wearing the RAF Air
Commodore's uniform, is shown during his recent visit to the Island
of Cypress. Standing with him are a Greek priest (center), and a
Mohammedan sheikh (right). Churchill told these people that he
could see "light breaking in the sky" for them.

Prime Minister Winston Churchill (lett), wearing the RAF Air
Commodore's uniform, is shown during his recent visit to the Island
of Cypress. Standing with him are a Greek priest (center), and a
Mohammedan sheikh (right). Churchill told these people that he
could see "light breaking in the sky" for them.

Prime Minister Winston Churchill (lett), wearing the RAF Air
Commodore's uniform, is shown during his recent visit to the Island
of Cypress. Standing with him are a Greek priest (center), and a
Mohammedan sheikh (right). Churchill told these people that he
could see "light breaking in the sky" for them.

Prime Minister Winston Churchill (lett), wearing the RAF Air
Commodore's uniform, is shown during his recent visit to the Island
of Cypress. Standing with him are a Greek priest (center), and a
Mohammedan sheikh (right). Churchill told these people that he
could see "light breaking in the sky" for them.

Prime Minister Winston Churchill (lett), wearing the RAF Air
Commodore's uniform, is shown during his recent visit to the Island
of Cypress. Standing with him are a Greek priest (center), and a
Mohammedan sheikh (right). Churchill told these people that he
could see "light breaking in the sky" for them.

Prime Minister Winston Churchill (lett), wearing the RAF Air
Commodore's uniform, is shown during his recent visit to the Island
of Cypress. Standing with him are a Greek priest (center), and a
Mohammedan sheikh (right). Churchill told these people that he
could see "light breaking in the sky" for them.

Prime Minister Winston Churchill (lett), wearing the RAF Air
Commodore's uniform, is shown during his recent visit to the Island
of Cypress. Standing with him are a Greek priest (center), and a
Mohammedan sheikh (right). Churchill told these people that he
could see "light breaking in the sky" for them.

Prime Minister Winston Churchill (lett), wearing the RAF Air
Commodore's uniform, is shown during his recent visit to the Island
of Cypress. Standing with him are a Greek priest (center), and a
Mohammedan sheikh (right). Churchill told these people that he
could see "light breaking in the sky" for them.

Prime Minister Winston Churchill (lett), wearing the RAF Air
Commodore's uniform, is shown during his recent visit to the Island
of Cypress. Standing with him are a Greek priest (center), and a
Mohammedan sheikh (right). Churchill told these people that he
could see "light breaking in the sky" for them.

Prime Minister Winston Churchill (lett), wearing the RAF Air
Commodore's uniform, is shown during his recent visit to the Island
of Cypress. Standing with him are a Greek priest (center), and a
Mohammedan sheikh (right). Churchill told these people that he
could see "light breaking in the sky" for them.

Prime Minister Winston Churchill (lett), wearing the RAF Air
Commodore's uniform, is shown during his recent visit to the Island
of Cypress. Standing with him are a Greek priest (center), and a
Mohammedan sheikh (right). Churchill told these people that he
could see "light breaking in the sky" for them.

Prime Minister Winston Churchill (lett), wearing the RAF Air
Commodore's uniform, is shown during his recent visit to the Island
of Cypress. Standing with him are a Greek priest (center), and a
Mohammedan sheikh (right). Churchill told these people that he
could see "light breaking in the sky" for them.

Prime Minister Winston Churchill (lett), wearing the RAF Air
Commodore's uniform, is shown during his recent visit to the Island
of Cypress. Standing with him are a Greek priest (center), and a
Mohammedan sheikh (right). Churchill told these people that he
could see "light breaking in the sky" for them.

Prime Minister Winston Churchill (lett), wearing the RAF Air
Commodore's uniform, is shown during his recent visit to the Island
of Cypress. Standing with him are a Greek priest (center), and a
Mohammedan sheikh (right). Churchill told these people that he
could see "light breaking in the sky" for them.

Prime Minister Winston Churchill (lett), wearing the RAF Air
Commodore's uniform, is shown during his recent visit to the Island
of Cypress. Standing with him are a Greek priest (center), and a
Mohammedan sheikh (right). Churchill told these people that he
could see "light breaking in the sky" for them.

Prime Minister Winston Churchill (lett), wearing the RAF Air
Commodore's uniform, is shown during his recent visit to the Island
of Cypress. Standing with him are a Greek priest (center), and a
Mohammedan sheikh (right). Churchill told these people that he
could see "light breaking in the sky" for them.

Prime Minister Winston Churchill (lett), wearing the RAF Air
Commodore's uniform, is shown during his recent visit to the Island
of Cypress. Standing with him are a Greek priest (center), and a
Mohammedan sheikh (right). Churchill told these people that he
could see "light breaking in the sky" for them.
