# Untitled Article
## 
### 

In a vain attempt to halt General Montgomery's British Eighth Army
in its pursuit of Rommel's fleeing; forces, German bombers destroyed
entire towns in Tunisia. Natives sorrowfully view th« wreck.

In a vain attempt to halt General Montgomery's British Eighth Army
in its pursuit of Rommel's fleeing; forces, German bombers destroyed
entire towns in Tunisia. Natives sorrowfully view th« wreck.

In a vain attempt to halt General Montgomery's British Eighth Army
in its pursuit of Rommel's fleeing; forces, German bombers destroyed
entire towns in Tunisia. Natives sorrowfully view th« wreck.

In a vain attempt to halt General Montgomery's British Eighth Army
in its pursuit of Rommel's fleeing; forces, German bombers destroyed
entire towns in Tunisia. Natives sorrowfully view th« wreck.

In a vain attempt to halt General Montgomery's British Eighth Army
in its pursuit of Rommel's fleeing; forces, German bombers destroyed
entire towns in Tunisia. Natives sorrowfully view th« wreck.

In a vain attempt to halt General Montgomery's British Eighth Army
in its pursuit of Rommel's fleeing; forces, German bombers destroyed
entire towns in Tunisia. Natives sorrowfully view th« wreck.

In a vain attempt to halt General Montgomery's British Eighth Army
in its pursuit of Rommel's fleeing; forces, German bombers destroyed
entire towns in Tunisia. Natives sorrowfully view th« wreck.

In a vain attempt to halt General Montgomery's British Eighth Army
in its pursuit of Rommel's fleeing; forces, German bombers destroyed
entire towns in Tunisia. Natives sorrowfully view th« wreck.

In a vain attempt to halt General Montgomery's British Eighth Army
in its pursuit of Rommel's fleeing; forces, German bombers destroyed
entire towns in Tunisia. Natives sorrowfully view th« wreck.

In a vain attempt to halt General Montgomery's British Eighth Army
in its pursuit of Rommel's fleeing; forces, German bombers destroyed
entire towns in Tunisia. Natives sorrowfully view th« wreck.

In a vain attempt to halt General Montgomery's British Eighth Army
in its pursuit of Rommel's fleeing; forces, German bombers destroyed
entire towns in Tunisia. Natives sorrowfully view th« wreck.

In a vain attempt to halt General Montgomery's British Eighth Army
in its pursuit of Rommel's fleeing; forces, German bombers destroyed
entire towns in Tunisia. Natives sorrowfully view th« wreck.

In a vain attempt to halt General Montgomery's British Eighth Army
in its pursuit of Rommel's fleeing; forces, German bombers destroyed
entire towns in Tunisia. Natives sorrowfully view th« wreck.

In a vain attempt to halt General Montgomery's British Eighth Army
in its pursuit of Rommel's fleeing; forces, German bombers destroyed
entire towns in Tunisia. Natives sorrowfully view th« wreck.

In a vain attempt to halt General Montgomery's British Eighth Army
in its pursuit of Rommel's fleeing; forces, German bombers destroyed
entire towns in Tunisia. Natives sorrowfully view th« wreck.

In a vain attempt to halt General Montgomery's British Eighth Army
in its pursuit of Rommel's fleeing; forces, German bombers destroyed
entire towns in Tunisia. Natives sorrowfully view th« wreck.

In a vain attempt to halt General Montgomery's British Eighth Army
in its pursuit of Rommel's fleeing; forces, German bombers destroyed
entire towns in Tunisia. Natives sorrowfully view th« wreck.
