# TWO UNION OFFICERS ELECTED; RE-VOTE SET
## 
### 
Ballots which were cast for Union
Unit president in yesterday's elec
tion will be counted this morning
and announcement of the winner
will be made later in the day. Can
didates were Frances Stong and
Frances Bennett.
It was announced last night that
Ginney Clagett had been elected
vice-president, and Jo Sawyer, sec
retary-treasurer. Miss Clagett was
opposed by Zelta Burrows and Miss
Sawyer, by Lorraine Streblow.
A re-vote will be taken to decide
the representative to Women's Coun
cil. Candidates are An Simons and
Jane Mason.
These girls were nominated to run
'or the offices by a committee com
posed of representatives from each
living group.
Ballots which were cast for Union
Unit president in yesterday's elec
tion will be counted this morning
and announcement of the winner
will be made later in the day. Can
didates were Frances Stong and
Frances Bennett.
It was announced last night that
Ginney Clagett had been elected
vice-president, and Jo Sawyer, sec
retary-treasurer. Miss Clagett was
opposed by Zelta Burrows and Miss
Sawyer, by Lorraine Streblow.
A re-vote will be taken to decide
the representative to Women's Coun
cil. Candidates are An Simons and
Jane Mason.
These girls were nominated to run
'or the offices by a committee com
posed of representatives from each
living group.
Ballots which were cast for Union
Unit president in yesterday's elec
tion will be counted this morning
and announcement of the winner
will be made later in the day. Can
didates were Frances Stong and
Frances Bennett.
It was announced last night that
Ginney Clagett had been elected
vice-president, and Jo Sawyer, sec
retary-treasurer. Miss Clagett was
opposed by Zelta Burrows and Miss
Sawyer, by Lorraine Streblow.
A re-vote will be taken to decide
the representative to Women's Coun
cil. Candidates are An Simons and
Jane Mason.
These girls were nominated to run
'or the offices by a committee com
posed of representatives from each
living group.
Ballots which were cast for Union
Unit president in yesterday's elec
tion will be counted this morning
and announcement of the winner
will be made later in the day. Can
didates were Frances Stong and
Frances Bennett.
It was announced last night that
Ginney Clagett had been elected
vice-president, and Jo Sawyer, sec
retary-treasurer. Miss Clagett was
opposed by Zelta Burrows and Miss
Sawyer, by Lorraine Streblow.
A re-vote will be taken to decide
the representative to Women's Coun
cil. Candidates are An Simons and
Jane Mason.
These girls were nominated to run
'or the offices by a committee com
posed of representatives from each
living group.
Ballots which were cast for Union
Unit president in yesterday's elec
tion will be counted this morning
and announcement of the winner
will be made later in the day. Can
didates were Frances Stong and
Frances Bennett.
It was announced last night that
Ginney Clagett had been elected
vice-president, and Jo Sawyer, sec
retary-treasurer. Miss Clagett was
opposed by Zelta Burrows and Miss
Sawyer, by Lorraine Streblow.
A re-vote will be taken to decide
the representative to Women's Coun
cil. Candidates are An Simons and
Jane Mason.
These girls were nominated to run
'or the offices by a committee com
posed of representatives from each
living group.
Ballots which were cast for Union
Unit president in yesterday's elec
tion will be counted this morning
and announcement of the winner
will be made later in the day. Can
didates were Frances Stong and
Frances Bennett.
It was announced last night that
Ginney Clagett had been elected
vice-president, and Jo Sawyer, sec
retary-treasurer. Miss Clagett was
opposed by Zelta Burrows and Miss
Sawyer, by Lorraine Streblow.
A re-vote will be taken to decide
the representative to Women's Coun
cil. Candidates are An Simons and
Jane Mason.
These girls were nominated to run
'or the offices by a committee com
posed of representatives from each
living group.
Ballots which were cast for Union
Unit president in yesterday's elec
tion will be counted this morning
and announcement of the winner
will be made later in the day. Can
didates were Frances Stong and
Frances Bennett.
It was announced last night that
Ginney Clagett had been elected
vice-president, and Jo Sawyer, sec
retary-treasurer. Miss Clagett was
opposed by Zelta Burrows and Miss
Sawyer, by Lorraine Streblow.
A re-vote will be taken to decide
the representative to Women's Coun
cil. Candidates are An Simons and
Jane Mason.
These girls were nominated to run
'or the offices by a committee com
posed of representatives from each
living group.
Ballots which were cast for Union
Unit president in yesterday's elec
tion will be counted this morning
and announcement of the winner
will be made later in the day. Can
didates were Frances Stong and
Frances Bennett.
It was announced last night that
Ginney Clagett had been elected
vice-president, and Jo Sawyer, sec
retary-treasurer. Miss Clagett was
opposed by Zelta Burrows and Miss
Sawyer, by Lorraine Streblow.
A re-vote will be taken to decide
the representative to Women's Coun
cil. Candidates are An Simons and
Jane Mason.
These girls were nominated to run
'or the offices by a committee com
posed of representatives from each
living group.
Ballots which were cast for Union
Unit president in yesterday's elec
tion will be counted this morning
and announcement of the winner
will be made later in the day. Can
didates were Frances Stong and
Frances Bennett.
It was announced last night that
Ginney Clagett had been elected
vice-president, and Jo Sawyer, sec
retary-treasurer. Miss Clagett was
opposed by Zelta Burrows and Miss
Sawyer, by Lorraine Streblow.
A re-vote will be taken to decide
the representative to Women's Coun
cil. Candidates are An Simons and
Jane Mason.
These girls were nominated to run
'or the offices by a committee com
posed of representatives from each
living group.
Ballots which were cast for Union
Unit president in yesterday's elec
tion will be counted this morning
and announcement of the winner
will be made later in the day. Can
didates were Frances Stong and
Frances Bennett.
It was announced last night that
Ginney Clagett had been elected
vice-president, and Jo Sawyer, sec
retary-treasurer. Miss Clagett was
opposed by Zelta Burrows and Miss
Sawyer, by Lorraine Streblow.
A re-vote will be taken to decide
the representative to Women's Coun
cil. Candidates are An Simons and
Jane Mason.
These girls were nominated to run
'or the offices by a committee com
posed of representatives from each
living group.
Ballots which were cast for Union
Unit president in yesterday's elec
tion will be counted this morning
and announcement of the winner
will be made later in the day. Can
didates were Frances Stong and
Frances Bennett.
It was announced last night that
Ginney Clagett had been elected
vice-president, and Jo Sawyer, sec
retary-treasurer. Miss Clagett was
opposed by Zelta Burrows and Miss
Sawyer, by Lorraine Streblow.
A re-vote will be taken to decide
the representative to Women's Coun
cil. Candidates are An Simons and
Jane Mason.
These girls were nominated to run
'or the offices by a committee com
posed of representatives from each
living group.
Ballots which were cast for Union
Unit president in yesterday's elec
tion will be counted this morning
and announcement of the winner
will be made later in the day. Can
didates were Frances Stong and
Frances Bennett.
It was announced last night that
Ginney Clagett had been elected
vice-president, and Jo Sawyer, sec
retary-treasurer. Miss Clagett was
opposed by Zelta Burrows and Miss
Sawyer, by Lorraine Streblow.
A re-vote will be taken to decide
the representative to Women's Coun
cil. Candidates are An Simons and
Jane Mason.
These girls were nominated to run
'or the offices by a committee com
posed of representatives from each
living group.
Ballots which were cast for Union
Unit president in yesterday's elec
tion will be counted this morning
and announcement of the winner
will be made later in the day. Can
didates were Frances Stong and
Frances Bennett.
It was announced last night that
Ginney Clagett had been elected
vice-president, and Jo Sawyer, sec
retary-treasurer. Miss Clagett was
opposed by Zelta Burrows and Miss
Sawyer, by Lorraine Streblow.
A re-vote will be taken to decide
the representative to Women's Coun
cil. Candidates are An Simons and
Jane Mason.
These girls were nominated to run
'or the offices by a committee com
posed of representatives from each
living group.
Ballots which were cast for Union
Unit president in yesterday's elec
tion will be counted this morning
and announcement of the winner
will be made later in the day. Can
didates were Frances Stong and
Frances Bennett.
It was announced last night that
Ginney Clagett had been elected
vice-president, and Jo Sawyer, sec
retary-treasurer. Miss Clagett was
opposed by Zelta Burrows and Miss
Sawyer, by Lorraine Streblow.
A re-vote will be taken to decide
the representative to Women's Coun
cil. Candidates are An Simons and
Jane Mason.
These girls were nominated to run
'or the offices by a committee com
posed of representatives from each
living group.
Ballots which were cast for Union
Unit president in yesterday's elec
tion will be counted this morning
and announcement of the winner
will be made later in the day. Can
didates were Frances Stong and
Frances Bennett.
It was announced last night that
Ginney Clagett had been elected
vice-president, and Jo Sawyer, sec
retary-treasurer. Miss Clagett was
opposed by Zelta Burrows and Miss
Sawyer, by Lorraine Streblow.
A re-vote will be taken to decide
the representative to Women's Coun
cil. Candidates are An Simons and
Jane Mason.
These girls were nominated to run
'or the offices by a committee com
posed of representatives from each
living group.
Ballots which were cast for Union
Unit president in yesterday's elec
tion will be counted this morning
and announcement of the winner
will be made later in the day. Can
didates were Frances Stong and
Frances Bennett.
It was announced last night that
Ginney Clagett had been elected
vice-president, and Jo Sawyer, sec
retary-treasurer. Miss Clagett was
opposed by Zelta Burrows and Miss
Sawyer, by Lorraine Streblow.
A re-vote will be taken to decide
the representative to Women's Coun
cil. Candidates are An Simons and
Jane Mason.
These girls were nominated to run
'or the offices by a committee com
posed of representatives from each
living group.
Ballots which were cast for Union
Unit president in yesterday's elec
tion will be counted this morning
and announcement of the winner
will be made later in the day. Can
didates were Frances Stong and
Frances Bennett.
It was announced last night that
Ginney Clagett had been elected
vice-president, and Jo Sawyer, sec
retary-treasurer. Miss Clagett was
opposed by Zelta Burrows and Miss
Sawyer, by Lorraine Streblow.
A re-vote will be taken to decide
the representative to Women's Coun
cil. Candidates are An Simons and
Jane Mason.
These girls were nominated to run
'or the offices by a committee com
posed of representatives from each
living group.
