# QUAD PHOTOS READY
## 
### 
All those who have not yet secured
their Quad photographic proofs are
urgently requested to do so at the
Women's Clubhouse. At present there
is a large number who have not yet
done so.
All those who have not yet secured
their Quad photographic proofs are
urgently requested to do so at the
Women's Clubhouse. At present there
is a large number who have not yet
done so.
All those who have not yet secured
their Quad photographic proofs are
urgently requested to do so at the
Women's Clubhouse. At present there
is a large number who have not yet
done so.
All those who have not yet secured
their Quad photographic proofs are
urgently requested to do so at the
Women's Clubhouse. At present there
is a large number who have not yet
done so.
All those who have not yet secured
their Quad photographic proofs are
urgently requested to do so at the
Women's Clubhouse. At present there
is a large number who have not yet
done so.
All those who have not yet secured
their Quad photographic proofs are
urgently requested to do so at the
Women's Clubhouse. At present there
is a large number who have not yet
done so.
All those who have not yet secured
their Quad photographic proofs are
urgently requested to do so at the
Women's Clubhouse. At present there
is a large number who have not yet
done so.
All those who have not yet secured
their Quad photographic proofs are
urgently requested to do so at the
Women's Clubhouse. At present there
is a large number who have not yet
done so.
All those who have not yet secured
their Quad photographic proofs are
urgently requested to do so at the
Women's Clubhouse. At present there
is a large number who have not yet
done so.
All those who have not yet secured
their Quad photographic proofs are
urgently requested to do so at the
Women's Clubhouse. At present there
is a large number who have not yet
done so.
All those who have not yet secured
their Quad photographic proofs are
urgently requested to do so at the
Women's Clubhouse. At present there
is a large number who have not yet
done so.
All those who have not yet secured
their Quad photographic proofs are
urgently requested to do so at the
Women's Clubhouse. At present there
is a large number who have not yet
done so.
All those who have not yet secured
their Quad photographic proofs are
urgently requested to do so at the
Women's Clubhouse. At present there
is a large number who have not yet
done so.
All those who have not yet secured
their Quad photographic proofs are
urgently requested to do so at the
Women's Clubhouse. At present there
is a large number who have not yet
done so.
All those who have not yet secured
their Quad photographic proofs are
urgently requested to do so at the
Women's Clubhouse. At present there
is a large number who have not yet
done so.
All those who have not yet secured
their Quad photographic proofs are
urgently requested to do so at the
Women's Clubhouse. At present there
is a large number who have not yet
done so.
