# WORRIES OF LIBRARIANS
## 
### 
The librarian at the University of
Oklahoma states that upperclassmen
trying to sneak out books on reserve
are his biggest worry. He adds that
"if they put booths in the new library
for dates it will lessen the confusion
a great deal."

About fifty Chinese students from

Northwestern University participated
in a parade in Chicago celebrating the
beginning of the revolution which re
sulted in the overthrow of the China
dynasty.
The librarian at the University of
Oklahoma states that upperclassmen
trying to sneak out books on reserve
are his biggest worry. He adds that
"if they put booths in the new library
for dates it will lessen the confusion
a great deal."

About fifty Chinese students from

Northwestern University participated
in a parade in Chicago celebrating the
beginning of the revolution which re
sulted in the overthrow of the China
dynasty.
The librarian at the University of
Oklahoma states that upperclassmen
trying to sneak out books on reserve
are his biggest worry. He adds that
"if they put booths in the new library
for dates it will lessen the confusion
a great deal."

About fifty Chinese students from

Northwestern University participated
in a parade in Chicago celebrating the
beginning of the revolution which re
sulted in the overthrow of the China
dynasty.
The librarian at the University of
Oklahoma states that upperclassmen
trying to sneak out books on reserve
are his biggest worry. He adds that
"if they put booths in the new library
for dates it will lessen the confusion
a great deal."

About fifty Chinese students from

Northwestern University participated
in a parade in Chicago celebrating the
beginning of the revolution which re
sulted in the overthrow of the China
dynasty.
The librarian at the University of
Oklahoma states that upperclassmen
trying to sneak out books on reserve
are his biggest worry. He adds that
"if they put booths in the new library
for dates it will lessen the confusion
a great deal."

About fifty Chinese students from

Northwestern University participated
in a parade in Chicago celebrating the
beginning of the revolution which re
sulted in the overthrow of the China
dynasty.
The librarian at the University of
Oklahoma states that upperclassmen
trying to sneak out books on reserve
are his biggest worry. He adds that
"if they put booths in the new library
for dates it will lessen the confusion
a great deal."

About fifty Chinese students from

Northwestern University participated
in a parade in Chicago celebrating the
beginning of the revolution which re
sulted in the overthrow of the China
dynasty.
The librarian at the University of
Oklahoma states that upperclassmen
trying to sneak out books on reserve
are his biggest worry. He adds that
"if they put booths in the new library
for dates it will lessen the confusion
a great deal."

About fifty Chinese students from

Northwestern University participated
in a parade in Chicago celebrating the
beginning of the revolution which re
sulted in the overthrow of the China
dynasty.
The librarian at the University of
Oklahoma states that upperclassmen
trying to sneak out books on reserve
are his biggest worry. He adds that
"if they put booths in the new library
for dates it will lessen the confusion
a great deal."

About fifty Chinese students from

Northwestern University participated
in a parade in Chicago celebrating the
beginning of the revolution which re
sulted in the overthrow of the China
dynasty.
The librarian at the University of
Oklahoma states that upperclassmen
trying to sneak out books on reserve
are his biggest worry. He adds that
"if they put booths in the new library
for dates it will lessen the confusion
a great deal."

About fifty Chinese students from

Northwestern University participated
in a parade in Chicago celebrating the
beginning of the revolution which re
sulted in the overthrow of the China
dynasty.
The librarian at the University of
Oklahoma states that upperclassmen
trying to sneak out books on reserve
are his biggest worry. He adds that
"if they put booths in the new library
for dates it will lessen the confusion
a great deal."

About fifty Chinese students from

Northwestern University participated
in a parade in Chicago celebrating the
beginning of the revolution which re
sulted in the overthrow of the China
dynasty.
The librarian at the University of
Oklahoma states that upperclassmen
trying to sneak out books on reserve
are his biggest worry. He adds that
"if they put booths in the new library
for dates it will lessen the confusion
a great deal."

About fifty Chinese students from

Northwestern University participated
in a parade in Chicago celebrating the
beginning of the revolution which re
sulted in the overthrow of the China
dynasty.
The librarian at the University of
Oklahoma states that upperclassmen
trying to sneak out books on reserve
are his biggest worry. He adds that
"if they put booths in the new library
for dates it will lessen the confusion
a great deal."

About fifty Chinese students from

Northwestern University participated
in a parade in Chicago celebrating the
beginning of the revolution which re
sulted in the overthrow of the China
dynasty.
The librarian at the University of
Oklahoma states that upperclassmen
trying to sneak out books on reserve
are his biggest worry. He adds that
"if they put booths in the new library
for dates it will lessen the confusion
a great deal."

About fifty Chinese students from

Northwestern University participated
in a parade in Chicago celebrating the
beginning of the revolution which re
sulted in the overthrow of the China
dynasty.
The librarian at the University of
Oklahoma states that upperclassmen
trying to sneak out books on reserve
are his biggest worry. He adds that
"if they put booths in the new library
for dates it will lessen the confusion
a great deal."

About fifty Chinese students from

Northwestern University participated
in a parade in Chicago celebrating the
beginning of the revolution which re
sulted in the overthrow of the China
dynasty.
The librarian at the University of
Oklahoma states that upperclassmen
trying to sneak out books on reserve
are his biggest worry. He adds that
"if they put booths in the new library
for dates it will lessen the confusion
a great deal."

About fifty Chinese students from

Northwestern University participated
in a parade in Chicago celebrating the
beginning of the revolution which re
sulted in the overthrow of the China
dynasty.
The librarian at the University of
Oklahoma states that upperclassmen
trying to sneak out books on reserve
are his biggest worry. He adds that
"if they put booths in the new library
for dates it will lessen the confusion
a great deal."

About fifty Chinese students from

Northwestern University participated
in a parade in Chicago celebrating the
beginning of the revolution which re
sulted in the overthrow of the China
dynasty.
