# Thoughts Upon Surveying the New Crop
## 
### 
Swarms of freshmen blocking the isles of the office .... innumerable
feet and spindly legs .... pretty glances or bashful from the women,
friendly looks or almost sullen from the men .... laughable, simple ques
tions ... "J was editor of my high school paper" .... enthusiasm . . . .
occasionally—perhaps oftener than that— a well-written story .... but
mostly "tripe" .... only God could make a tryoutee.

Tryoutees for the editorial staff of the Daily will meet at 1 o'clock
today.
Swarms of freshmen blocking the isles of the office .... innumerable
feet and spindly legs .... pretty glances or bashful from the women,
friendly looks or almost sullen from the men .... laughable, simple ques
tions ... "J was editor of my high school paper" .... enthusiasm . . . .
occasionally—perhaps oftener than that— a well-written story .... but
mostly "tripe" .... only God could make a tryoutee.

Tryoutees for the editorial staff of the Daily will meet at 1 o'clock
today.
Swarms of freshmen blocking the isles of the office .... innumerable
feet and spindly legs .... pretty glances or bashful from the women,
friendly looks or almost sullen from the men .... laughable, simple ques
tions ... "J was editor of my high school paper" .... enthusiasm . . . .
occasionally—perhaps oftener than that— a well-written story .... but
mostly "tripe" .... only God could make a tryoutee.

Tryoutees for the editorial staff of the Daily will meet at 1 o'clock
today.
Swarms of freshmen blocking the isles of the office .... innumerable
feet and spindly legs .... pretty glances or bashful from the women,
friendly looks or almost sullen from the men .... laughable, simple ques
tions ... "J was editor of my high school paper" .... enthusiasm . . . .
occasionally—perhaps oftener than that— a well-written story .... but
mostly "tripe" .... only God could make a tryoutee.

Tryoutees for the editorial staff of the Daily will meet at 1 o'clock
today.
Swarms of freshmen blocking the isles of the office .... innumerable
feet and spindly legs .... pretty glances or bashful from the women,
friendly looks or almost sullen from the men .... laughable, simple ques
tions ... "J was editor of my high school paper" .... enthusiasm . . . .
occasionally—perhaps oftener than that— a well-written story .... but
mostly "tripe" .... only God could make a tryoutee.

Tryoutees for the editorial staff of the Daily will meet at 1 o'clock
today.
Swarms of freshmen blocking the isles of the office .... innumerable
feet and spindly legs .... pretty glances or bashful from the women,
friendly looks or almost sullen from the men .... laughable, simple ques
tions ... "J was editor of my high school paper" .... enthusiasm . . . .
occasionally—perhaps oftener than that— a well-written story .... but
mostly "tripe" .... only God could make a tryoutee.

Tryoutees for the editorial staff of the Daily will meet at 1 o'clock
today.
Swarms of freshmen blocking the isles of the office .... innumerable
feet and spindly legs .... pretty glances or bashful from the women,
friendly looks or almost sullen from the men .... laughable, simple ques
tions ... "J was editor of my high school paper" .... enthusiasm . . . .
occasionally—perhaps oftener than that— a well-written story .... but
mostly "tripe" .... only God could make a tryoutee.

Tryoutees for the editorial staff of the Daily will meet at 1 o'clock
today.
Swarms of freshmen blocking the isles of the office .... innumerable
feet and spindly legs .... pretty glances or bashful from the women,
friendly looks or almost sullen from the men .... laughable, simple ques
tions ... "J was editor of my high school paper" .... enthusiasm . . . .
occasionally—perhaps oftener than that— a well-written story .... but
mostly "tripe" .... only God could make a tryoutee.

Tryoutees for the editorial staff of the Daily will meet at 1 o'clock
today.
Swarms of freshmen blocking the isles of the office .... innumerable
feet and spindly legs .... pretty glances or bashful from the women,
friendly looks or almost sullen from the men .... laughable, simple ques
tions ... "J was editor of my high school paper" .... enthusiasm . . . .
occasionally—perhaps oftener than that— a well-written story .... but
mostly "tripe" .... only God could make a tryoutee.

Tryoutees for the editorial staff of the Daily will meet at 1 o'clock
today.
Swarms of freshmen blocking the isles of the office .... innumerable
feet and spindly legs .... pretty glances or bashful from the women,
friendly looks or almost sullen from the men .... laughable, simple ques
tions ... "J was editor of my high school paper" .... enthusiasm . . . .
occasionally—perhaps oftener than that— a well-written story .... but
mostly "tripe" .... only God could make a tryoutee.

Tryoutees for the editorial staff of the Daily will meet at 1 o'clock
today.
Swarms of freshmen blocking the isles of the office .... innumerable
feet and spindly legs .... pretty glances or bashful from the women,
friendly looks or almost sullen from the men .... laughable, simple ques
tions ... "J was editor of my high school paper" .... enthusiasm . . . .
occasionally—perhaps oftener than that— a well-written story .... but
mostly "tripe" .... only God could make a tryoutee.

Tryoutees for the editorial staff of the Daily will meet at 1 o'clock
today.
Swarms of freshmen blocking the isles of the office .... innumerable
feet and spindly legs .... pretty glances or bashful from the women,
friendly looks or almost sullen from the men .... laughable, simple ques
tions ... "J was editor of my high school paper" .... enthusiasm . . . .
occasionally—perhaps oftener than that— a well-written story .... but
mostly "tripe" .... only God could make a tryoutee.

Tryoutees for the editorial staff of the Daily will meet at 1 o'clock
today.
Swarms of freshmen blocking the isles of the office .... innumerable
feet and spindly legs .... pretty glances or bashful from the women,
friendly looks or almost sullen from the men .... laughable, simple ques
tions ... "J was editor of my high school paper" .... enthusiasm . . . .
occasionally—perhaps oftener than that— a well-written story .... but
mostly "tripe" .... only God could make a tryoutee.

Tryoutees for the editorial staff of the Daily will meet at 1 o'clock
today.
Swarms of freshmen blocking the isles of the office .... innumerable
feet and spindly legs .... pretty glances or bashful from the women,
friendly looks or almost sullen from the men .... laughable, simple ques
tions ... "J was editor of my high school paper" .... enthusiasm . . . .
occasionally—perhaps oftener than that— a well-written story .... but
mostly "tripe" .... only God could make a tryoutee.

Tryoutees for the editorial staff of the Daily will meet at 1 o'clock
today.
Swarms of freshmen blocking the isles of the office .... innumerable
feet and spindly legs .... pretty glances or bashful from the women,
friendly looks or almost sullen from the men .... laughable, simple ques
tions ... "J was editor of my high school paper" .... enthusiasm . . . .
occasionally—perhaps oftener than that— a well-written story .... but
mostly "tripe" .... only God could make a tryoutee.

Tryoutees for the editorial staff of the Daily will meet at 1 o'clock
today.
Swarms of freshmen blocking the isles of the office .... innumerable
feet and spindly legs .... pretty glances or bashful from the women,
friendly looks or almost sullen from the men .... laughable, simple ques
tions ... "J was editor of my high school paper" .... enthusiasm . . . .
occasionally—perhaps oftener than that— a well-written story .... but
mostly "tripe" .... only God could make a tryoutee.

Tryoutees for the editorial staff of the Daily will meet at 1 o'clock
today.
