# Patients in Guild Hospital.
## 
### 
During tbe past week one patient
has been received at the Guild Hos
pital, and one haß been discharged.
At present there are seven patients
in the hospital.
During tbe past week one patient
has been received at the Guild Hos
pital, and one haß been discharged.
At present there are seven patients
in the hospital.
During tbe past week one patient
has been received at the Guild Hos
pital, and one haß been discharged.
At present there are seven patients
in the hospital.
During tbe past week one patient
has been received at the Guild Hos
pital, and one haß been discharged.
At present there are seven patients
in the hospital.
During tbe past week one patient
has been received at the Guild Hos
pital, and one haß been discharged.
At present there are seven patients
in the hospital.
During tbe past week one patient
has been received at the Guild Hos
pital, and one haß been discharged.
At present there are seven patients
in the hospital.
During tbe past week one patient
has been received at the Guild Hos
pital, and one haß been discharged.
At present there are seven patients
in the hospital.
During tbe past week one patient
has been received at the Guild Hos
pital, and one haß been discharged.
At present there are seven patients
in the hospital.
