# Next Issue of "Sequoia."
## 
### 
The Sequoia will appear Tuesday.
Instructor Seward of the English
department contributes an article
descriptive of the origin and aims
of the honor fraternity, Phi Beta
Kappa. The story by Miss Evelyn
McDowell, '04, "Eine Einfache Ge
schichte," which recently won the
prize offered for the best German
composition, appears in this num
ber. J. F. Cassell, '07, a new con
tributor, has a good story called
"The Missing Letter." Miss Iletta
Garland, '06, has a sonnet on
"Shakspere." Miss Myrtle Tim
mons, '06, is the author of a good
child's story named "The Willow
Switch." There is a review of ath
letics and a half-tone portrait of
E. G. Brua, president of the Senior
Class.
