# Adv. 2 Page 3
## 
### 
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPEC IA L CONSIDER A TION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
Q-J^loxe
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Bt'CA LSh:
Thev have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carl vle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
l>riccs elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
HHHBB^
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car/u/e
J JIWILIM
111 Iryan* ItfMt
P«n Pmla Alt*
333 2*34
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPEC IA L CONSIDER A TION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
Q-J^loxe
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Bt'CA LSh:
Thev have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carl vle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
l>riccs elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
HHHBB^
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car/u/e
J JIWILIM
111 Iryan* ItfMt
P«n Pmla Alt*
333 2*34
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPEC IA L CONSIDER A TION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
Q-J^loxe
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Bt'CA LSh:
Thev have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carl vle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
l>riccs elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
HHHBB^
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car/u/e
J JIWILIM
111 Iryan* ItfMt
P«n Pmla Alt*
333 2*34
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPEC IA L CONSIDER A TION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
Q-J^loxe
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Bt'CA LSh:
Thev have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carl vle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
l>riccs elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
HHHBB^
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car/u/e
J JIWILIM
111 Iryan* ItfMt
P«n Pmla Alt*
333 2*34
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPEC IA L CONSIDER A TION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
Q-J^loxe
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Bt'CA LSh:
Thev have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carl vle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
l>riccs elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
HHHBB^
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car/u/e
J JIWILIM
111 Iryan* ItfMt
P«n Pmla Alt*
333 2*34
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPEC IA L CONSIDER A TION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
Q-J^loxe
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Bt'CA LSh:
Thev have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carl vle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
l>riccs elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
HHHBB^
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car/u/e
J JIWILIM
111 Iryan* ItfMt
P«n Pmla Alt*
333 2*34
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPEC IA L CONSIDER A TION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
Q-J^loxe
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Bt'CA LSh:
Thev have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carl vle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
l>riccs elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
HHHBB^
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car/u/e
J JIWILIM
111 Iryan* ItfMt
P«n Pmla Alt*
333 2*34
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPEC IA L CONSIDER A TION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
Q-J^loxe
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Bt'CA LSh:
Thev have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carl vle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
l>riccs elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
HHHBB^
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car/u/e
J JIWILIM
111 Iryan* ItfMt
P«n Pmla Alt*
333 2*34
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPEC IA L CONSIDER A TION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
Q-J^loxe
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Bt'CA LSh:
Thev have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carl vle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
l>riccs elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
HHHBB^
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car/u/e
J JIWILIM
111 Iryan* ItfMt
P«n Pmla Alt*
333 2*34
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPEC IA L CONSIDER A TION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
Q-J^loxe
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Bt'CA LSh:
Thev have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carl vle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
l>riccs elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
HHHBB^
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car/u/e
J JIWILIM
111 Iryan* ItfMt
P«n Pmla Alt*
333 2*34
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPEC IA L CONSIDER A TION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
Q-J^loxe
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Bt'CA LSh:
Thev have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carl vle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
l>riccs elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
HHHBB^
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car/u/e
J JIWILIM
111 Iryan* ItfMt
P«n Pmla Alt*
333 2*34
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPEC IA L CONSIDER A TION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
Q-J^loxe
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Bt'CA LSh:
Thev have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carl vle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
l>riccs elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
HHHBB^
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car/u/e
J JIWILIM
111 Iryan* ItfMt
P«n Pmla Alt*
333 2*34
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPEC IA L CONSIDER A TION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
Q-J^loxe
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Bt'CA LSh:
Thev have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carl vle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
l>riccs elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
HHHBB^
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car/u/e
J JIWILIM
111 Iryan* ItfMt
P«n Pmla Alt*
333 2*34
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPEC IA L CONSIDER A TION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
Q-J^loxe
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Bt'CA LSh:
Thev have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carl vle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
l>riccs elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
HHHBB^
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Car/u/e
J JIWILIM
111 Iryan* ItfMt
P«n Pmla Alt*
333 2*34
