# Rotary Has Grants For Study Abroad
## 
### 
Information concerning the Rotary
International Foundation Fellow
ships, which cover all expenses for
a year's graduate study abroad, is
now available.
Students interested in applying for
the 1956-57 fellowships must contact
Professor Herbert E. Dougall of the
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness before Friday.
The fellowships are open to men
and women who are graduates or
will be graduates by the end of the
current academic year and who will
be between the ages of 20 and 28 as
of July 1, 1956. All fields of study
are open, with emphasis on studies
related to international affairs.
Since a student from the San
Francisco - Peninsula district was
awarded a 1955-56 fellowship, stu
dents who have their official resi
dence in this area are not eligible
to apply for the 1956-57 fellowships.
