# WILBUR ON 'ROUND TABLE'
## 
### 

PRESIDENT WILBUR is shown speaking rroni rian Francisco over the
University of Chicago's nationwide "Round Table" discussion program
last Sunday. In the picture, left to right: Dr. George F. Zonk, presi
dent of the American Council of Education; Dr. Wilbur; and Floyd
Reeves, chairman of the American Youth Commission.

PRESIDENT WILBUR is shown speaking rroni rian Francisco over the
University of Chicago's nationwide "Round Table" discussion program
last Sunday. In the picture, left to right: Dr. George F. Zonk, presi
dent of the American Council of Education; Dr. Wilbur; and Floyd
Reeves, chairman of the American Youth Commission.

PRESIDENT WILBUR is shown speaking rroni rian Francisco over the
University of Chicago's nationwide "Round Table" discussion program
last Sunday. In the picture, left to right: Dr. George F. Zonk, presi
dent of the American Council of Education; Dr. Wilbur; and Floyd
Reeves, chairman of the American Youth Commission.

PRESIDENT WILBUR is shown speaking rroni rian Francisco over the
University of Chicago's nationwide "Round Table" discussion program
last Sunday. In the picture, left to right: Dr. George F. Zonk, presi
dent of the American Council of Education; Dr. Wilbur; and Floyd
Reeves, chairman of the American Youth Commission.

PRESIDENT WILBUR is shown speaking rroni rian Francisco over the
University of Chicago's nationwide "Round Table" discussion program
last Sunday. In the picture, left to right: Dr. George F. Zonk, presi
dent of the American Council of Education; Dr. Wilbur; and Floyd
Reeves, chairman of the American Youth Commission.

PRESIDENT WILBUR is shown speaking rroni rian Francisco over the
University of Chicago's nationwide "Round Table" discussion program
last Sunday. In the picture, left to right: Dr. George F. Zonk, presi
dent of the American Council of Education; Dr. Wilbur; and Floyd
Reeves, chairman of the American Youth Commission.

PRESIDENT WILBUR is shown speaking rroni rian Francisco over the
University of Chicago's nationwide "Round Table" discussion program
last Sunday. In the picture, left to right: Dr. George F. Zonk, presi
dent of the American Council of Education; Dr. Wilbur; and Floyd
Reeves, chairman of the American Youth Commission.

PRESIDENT WILBUR is shown speaking rroni rian Francisco over the
University of Chicago's nationwide "Round Table" discussion program
last Sunday. In the picture, left to right: Dr. George F. Zonk, presi
dent of the American Council of Education; Dr. Wilbur; and Floyd
Reeves, chairman of the American Youth Commission.

PRESIDENT WILBUR is shown speaking rroni rian Francisco over the
University of Chicago's nationwide "Round Table" discussion program
last Sunday. In the picture, left to right: Dr. George F. Zonk, presi
dent of the American Council of Education; Dr. Wilbur; and Floyd
Reeves, chairman of the American Youth Commission.

PRESIDENT WILBUR is shown speaking rroni rian Francisco over the
University of Chicago's nationwide "Round Table" discussion program
last Sunday. In the picture, left to right: Dr. George F. Zonk, presi
dent of the American Council of Education; Dr. Wilbur; and Floyd
Reeves, chairman of the American Youth Commission.

PRESIDENT WILBUR is shown speaking rroni rian Francisco over the
University of Chicago's nationwide "Round Table" discussion program
last Sunday. In the picture, left to right: Dr. George F. Zonk, presi
dent of the American Council of Education; Dr. Wilbur; and Floyd
Reeves, chairman of the American Youth Commission.

PRESIDENT WILBUR is shown speaking rroni rian Francisco over the
University of Chicago's nationwide "Round Table" discussion program
last Sunday. In the picture, left to right: Dr. George F. Zonk, presi
dent of the American Council of Education; Dr. Wilbur; and Floyd
Reeves, chairman of the American Youth Commission.

PRESIDENT WILBUR is shown speaking rroni rian Francisco over the
University of Chicago's nationwide "Round Table" discussion program
last Sunday. In the picture, left to right: Dr. George F. Zonk, presi
dent of the American Council of Education; Dr. Wilbur; and Floyd
Reeves, chairman of the American Youth Commission.

PRESIDENT WILBUR is shown speaking rroni rian Francisco over the
University of Chicago's nationwide "Round Table" discussion program
last Sunday. In the picture, left to right: Dr. George F. Zonk, presi
dent of the American Council of Education; Dr. Wilbur; and Floyd
Reeves, chairman of the American Youth Commission.

PRESIDENT WILBUR is shown speaking rroni rian Francisco over the
University of Chicago's nationwide "Round Table" discussion program
last Sunday. In the picture, left to right: Dr. George F. Zonk, presi
dent of the American Council of Education; Dr. Wilbur; and Floyd
Reeves, chairman of the American Youth Commission.

PRESIDENT WILBUR is shown speaking rroni rian Francisco over the
University of Chicago's nationwide "Round Table" discussion program
last Sunday. In the picture, left to right: Dr. George F. Zonk, presi
dent of the American Council of Education; Dr. Wilbur; and Floyd
Reeves, chairman of the American Youth Commission.

PRESIDENT WILBUR is shown speaking rroni rian Francisco over the
University of Chicago's nationwide "Round Table" discussion program
last Sunday. In the picture, left to right: Dr. George F. Zonk, presi
dent of the American Council of Education; Dr. Wilbur; and Floyd
Reeves, chairman of the American Youth Commission.

PRESIDENT WILBUR is shown speaking rroni rian Francisco over the
University of Chicago's nationwide "Round Table" discussion program
last Sunday. In the picture, left to right: Dr. George F. Zonk, presi
dent of the American Council of Education; Dr. Wilbur; and Floyd
Reeves, chairman of the American Youth Commission.
