# WOMAN'S CONFERENCE
## 
### 
Women's Conference will meet to
day at 1 p.m. in the Women's Club
house, it was announced by Irma
Jean Hannibal.
Women's Conference will meet to
day at 1 p.m. in the Women's Club
house, it was announced by Irma
Jean Hannibal.
Women's Conference will meet to
day at 1 p.m. in the Women's Club
house, it was announced by Irma
Jean Hannibal.
Women's Conference will meet to
day at 1 p.m. in the Women's Club
house, it was announced by Irma
Jean Hannibal.
Women's Conference will meet to
day at 1 p.m. in the Women's Club
house, it was announced by Irma
Jean Hannibal.
Women's Conference will meet to
day at 1 p.m. in the Women's Club
house, it was announced by Irma
Jean Hannibal.
Women's Conference will meet to
day at 1 p.m. in the Women's Club
house, it was announced by Irma
Jean Hannibal.
Women's Conference will meet to
day at 1 p.m. in the Women's Club
house, it was announced by Irma
Jean Hannibal.
Women's Conference will meet to
day at 1 p.m. in the Women's Club
house, it was announced by Irma
Jean Hannibal.
Women's Conference will meet to
day at 1 p.m. in the Women's Club
house, it was announced by Irma
Jean Hannibal.
Women's Conference will meet to
day at 1 p.m. in the Women's Club
house, it was announced by Irma
Jean Hannibal.
Women's Conference will meet to
day at 1 p.m. in the Women's Club
house, it was announced by Irma
Jean Hannibal.
Women's Conference will meet to
day at 1 p.m. in the Women's Club
house, it was announced by Irma
Jean Hannibal.
Women's Conference will meet to
day at 1 p.m. in the Women's Club
house, it was announced by Irma
Jean Hannibal.
Women's Conference will meet to
day at 1 p.m. in the Women's Club
house, it was announced by Irma
Jean Hannibal.
Women's Conference will meet to
day at 1 p.m. in the Women's Club
house, it was announced by Irma
Jean Hannibal.
Women's Conference will meet to
day at 1 p.m. in the Women's Club
house, it was announced by Irma
Jean Hannibal.
Women's Conference will meet to
day at 1 p.m. in the Women's Club
house, it was announced by Irma
Jean Hannibal.
