# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Jacquie Goodyear, '51,
to Larry HofT, Phi Gamma Delta '50.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Jacquie Goodyear, '51,
to Larry HofT, Phi Gamma Delta '50.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Jacquie Goodyear, '51,
to Larry HofT, Phi Gamma Delta '50.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Jacquie Goodyear, '51,
to Larry HofT, Phi Gamma Delta '50.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Jacquie Goodyear, '51,
to Larry HofT, Phi Gamma Delta '50.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Jacquie Goodyear, '51,
to Larry HofT, Phi Gamma Delta '50.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Jacquie Goodyear, '51,
to Larry HofT, Phi Gamma Delta '50.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Jacquie Goodyear, '51,
to Larry HofT, Phi Gamma Delta '50.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Jacquie Goodyear, '51,
to Larry HofT, Phi Gamma Delta '50.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Jacquie Goodyear, '51,
to Larry HofT, Phi Gamma Delta '50.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Jacquie Goodyear, '51,
to Larry HofT, Phi Gamma Delta '50.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Jacquie Goodyear, '51,
to Larry HofT, Phi Gamma Delta '50.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Jacquie Goodyear, '51,
to Larry HofT, Phi Gamma Delta '50.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Jacquie Goodyear, '51,
to Larry HofT, Phi Gamma Delta '50.
