# Revival Series Ducats on Sale
## 
### 
Tickets arc still available for the
afternoon showings of the Revival
Series of Early Films, Miss Peggy
Boothe, secretary of the Public Ex
ercises Committee, announced to
day.
The films are shown in Cubber
ley Auditorium on Thursday after
noons at 4:15.
Six movies remain in the series of
pictures based on books. In addi
tion, experimental films and motion
pictures made 20 to '25 years ago
and still modern in their technique
will be presented with the feature
pictures.
No admissions for single perform
ances will he sold. Tickets for the
series are on sale for $1.50 in the
office of the Public Exercises Com
mittee, Room 55, Building B. Mem
bership cards are transferable.
Tickets arc still available for the
afternoon showings of the Revival
Series of Early Films, Miss Peggy
Boothe, secretary of the Public Ex
ercises Committee, announced to
day.
The films are shown in Cubber
ley Auditorium on Thursday after
noons at 4:15.
Six movies remain in the series of
pictures based on books. In addi
tion, experimental films and motion
pictures made 20 to '25 years ago
and still modern in their technique
will be presented with the feature
pictures.
No admissions for single perform
ances will he sold. Tickets for the
series are on sale for $1.50 in the
office of the Public Exercises Com
mittee, Room 55, Building B. Mem
bership cards are transferable.
Tickets arc still available for the
afternoon showings of the Revival
Series of Early Films, Miss Peggy
Boothe, secretary of the Public Ex
ercises Committee, announced to
day.
The films are shown in Cubber
ley Auditorium on Thursday after
noons at 4:15.
Six movies remain in the series of
pictures based on books. In addi
tion, experimental films and motion
pictures made 20 to '25 years ago
and still modern in their technique
will be presented with the feature
pictures.
No admissions for single perform
ances will he sold. Tickets for the
series are on sale for $1.50 in the
office of the Public Exercises Com
mittee, Room 55, Building B. Mem
bership cards are transferable.
Tickets arc still available for the
afternoon showings of the Revival
Series of Early Films, Miss Peggy
Boothe, secretary of the Public Ex
ercises Committee, announced to
day.
The films are shown in Cubber
ley Auditorium on Thursday after
noons at 4:15.
Six movies remain in the series of
pictures based on books. In addi
tion, experimental films and motion
pictures made 20 to '25 years ago
and still modern in their technique
will be presented with the feature
pictures.
No admissions for single perform
ances will he sold. Tickets for the
series are on sale for $1.50 in the
office of the Public Exercises Com
mittee, Room 55, Building B. Mem
bership cards are transferable.
Tickets arc still available for the
afternoon showings of the Revival
Series of Early Films, Miss Peggy
Boothe, secretary of the Public Ex
ercises Committee, announced to
day.
The films are shown in Cubber
ley Auditorium on Thursday after
noons at 4:15.
Six movies remain in the series of
pictures based on books. In addi
tion, experimental films and motion
pictures made 20 to '25 years ago
and still modern in their technique
will be presented with the feature
pictures.
No admissions for single perform
ances will he sold. Tickets for the
series are on sale for $1.50 in the
office of the Public Exercises Com
mittee, Room 55, Building B. Mem
bership cards are transferable.
Tickets arc still available for the
afternoon showings of the Revival
Series of Early Films, Miss Peggy
Boothe, secretary of the Public Ex
ercises Committee, announced to
day.
The films are shown in Cubber
ley Auditorium on Thursday after
noons at 4:15.
Six movies remain in the series of
pictures based on books. In addi
tion, experimental films and motion
pictures made 20 to '25 years ago
and still modern in their technique
will be presented with the feature
pictures.
No admissions for single perform
ances will he sold. Tickets for the
series are on sale for $1.50 in the
office of the Public Exercises Com
mittee, Room 55, Building B. Mem
bership cards are transferable.
Tickets arc still available for the
afternoon showings of the Revival
Series of Early Films, Miss Peggy
Boothe, secretary of the Public Ex
ercises Committee, announced to
day.
The films are shown in Cubber
ley Auditorium on Thursday after
noons at 4:15.
Six movies remain in the series of
pictures based on books. In addi
tion, experimental films and motion
pictures made 20 to '25 years ago
and still modern in their technique
will be presented with the feature
pictures.
No admissions for single perform
ances will he sold. Tickets for the
series are on sale for $1.50 in the
office of the Public Exercises Com
mittee, Room 55, Building B. Mem
bership cards are transferable.
Tickets arc still available for the
afternoon showings of the Revival
Series of Early Films, Miss Peggy
Boothe, secretary of the Public Ex
ercises Committee, announced to
day.
The films are shown in Cubber
ley Auditorium on Thursday after
noons at 4:15.
Six movies remain in the series of
pictures based on books. In addi
tion, experimental films and motion
pictures made 20 to '25 years ago
and still modern in their technique
will be presented with the feature
pictures.
No admissions for single perform
ances will he sold. Tickets for the
series are on sale for $1.50 in the
office of the Public Exercises Com
mittee, Room 55, Building B. Mem
bership cards are transferable.
Tickets arc still available for the
afternoon showings of the Revival
Series of Early Films, Miss Peggy
Boothe, secretary of the Public Ex
ercises Committee, announced to
day.
The films are shown in Cubber
ley Auditorium on Thursday after
noons at 4:15.
Six movies remain in the series of
pictures based on books. In addi
tion, experimental films and motion
pictures made 20 to '25 years ago
and still modern in their technique
will be presented with the feature
pictures.
No admissions for single perform
ances will he sold. Tickets for the
series are on sale for $1.50 in the
office of the Public Exercises Com
mittee, Room 55, Building B. Mem
bership cards are transferable.
Tickets arc still available for the
afternoon showings of the Revival
Series of Early Films, Miss Peggy
Boothe, secretary of the Public Ex
ercises Committee, announced to
day.
The films are shown in Cubber
ley Auditorium on Thursday after
noons at 4:15.
Six movies remain in the series of
pictures based on books. In addi
tion, experimental films and motion
pictures made 20 to '25 years ago
and still modern in their technique
will be presented with the feature
pictures.
No admissions for single perform
ances will he sold. Tickets for the
series are on sale for $1.50 in the
office of the Public Exercises Com
mittee, Room 55, Building B. Mem
bership cards are transferable.
Tickets arc still available for the
afternoon showings of the Revival
Series of Early Films, Miss Peggy
Boothe, secretary of the Public Ex
ercises Committee, announced to
day.
The films are shown in Cubber
ley Auditorium on Thursday after
noons at 4:15.
Six movies remain in the series of
pictures based on books. In addi
tion, experimental films and motion
pictures made 20 to '25 years ago
and still modern in their technique
will be presented with the feature
pictures.
No admissions for single perform
ances will he sold. Tickets for the
series are on sale for $1.50 in the
office of the Public Exercises Com
mittee, Room 55, Building B. Mem
bership cards are transferable.
Tickets arc still available for the
afternoon showings of the Revival
Series of Early Films, Miss Peggy
Boothe, secretary of the Public Ex
ercises Committee, announced to
day.
The films are shown in Cubber
ley Auditorium on Thursday after
noons at 4:15.
Six movies remain in the series of
pictures based on books. In addi
tion, experimental films and motion
pictures made 20 to '25 years ago
and still modern in their technique
will be presented with the feature
pictures.
No admissions for single perform
ances will he sold. Tickets for the
series are on sale for $1.50 in the
office of the Public Exercises Com
mittee, Room 55, Building B. Mem
bership cards are transferable.
Tickets arc still available for the
afternoon showings of the Revival
Series of Early Films, Miss Peggy
Boothe, secretary of the Public Ex
ercises Committee, announced to
day.
The films are shown in Cubber
ley Auditorium on Thursday after
noons at 4:15.
Six movies remain in the series of
pictures based on books. In addi
tion, experimental films and motion
pictures made 20 to '25 years ago
and still modern in their technique
will be presented with the feature
pictures.
No admissions for single perform
ances will he sold. Tickets for the
series are on sale for $1.50 in the
office of the Public Exercises Com
mittee, Room 55, Building B. Mem
bership cards are transferable.
Tickets arc still available for the
afternoon showings of the Revival
Series of Early Films, Miss Peggy
Boothe, secretary of the Public Ex
ercises Committee, announced to
day.
The films are shown in Cubber
ley Auditorium on Thursday after
noons at 4:15.
Six movies remain in the series of
pictures based on books. In addi
tion, experimental films and motion
pictures made 20 to '25 years ago
and still modern in their technique
will be presented with the feature
pictures.
No admissions for single perform
ances will he sold. Tickets for the
series are on sale for $1.50 in the
office of the Public Exercises Com
mittee, Room 55, Building B. Mem
bership cards are transferable.
