# TROJANS JINX CARDS
## 
### 
Stanford went to the Coast Con
ference track meet in 1937 led by
such greats as Jack Weierhauser,
Ray Mallot, Bill McCurdy, and Pete
Zagar. They lost to U.S.C. by one
half a point. In 1940 the Cards en
tered the same meet with men such
as Paul Moore, Clyde Jeffry, Mushy
Girard, and Stan Anderson. They
lost by one point.
Stanford went to the Coast Con
ference track meet in 1937 led by
such greats as Jack Weierhauser,
Ray Mallot, Bill McCurdy, and Pete
Zagar. They lost to U.S.C. by one
half a point. In 1940 the Cards en
tered the same meet with men such
as Paul Moore, Clyde Jeffry, Mushy
Girard, and Stan Anderson. They
lost by one point.
Stanford went to the Coast Con
ference track meet in 1937 led by
such greats as Jack Weierhauser,
Ray Mallot, Bill McCurdy, and Pete
Zagar. They lost to U.S.C. by one
half a point. In 1940 the Cards en
tered the same meet with men such
as Paul Moore, Clyde Jeffry, Mushy
Girard, and Stan Anderson. They
lost by one point.
Stanford went to the Coast Con
ference track meet in 1937 led by
such greats as Jack Weierhauser,
Ray Mallot, Bill McCurdy, and Pete
Zagar. They lost to U.S.C. by one
half a point. In 1940 the Cards en
tered the same meet with men such
as Paul Moore, Clyde Jeffry, Mushy
Girard, and Stan Anderson. They
lost by one point.
Stanford went to the Coast Con
ference track meet in 1937 led by
such greats as Jack Weierhauser,
Ray Mallot, Bill McCurdy, and Pete
Zagar. They lost to U.S.C. by one
half a point. In 1940 the Cards en
tered the same meet with men such
as Paul Moore, Clyde Jeffry, Mushy
Girard, and Stan Anderson. They
lost by one point.
Stanford went to the Coast Con
ference track meet in 1937 led by
such greats as Jack Weierhauser,
Ray Mallot, Bill McCurdy, and Pete
Zagar. They lost to U.S.C. by one
half a point. In 1940 the Cards en
tered the same meet with men such
as Paul Moore, Clyde Jeffry, Mushy
Girard, and Stan Anderson. They
lost by one point.
Stanford went to the Coast Con
ference track meet in 1937 led by
such greats as Jack Weierhauser,
Ray Mallot, Bill McCurdy, and Pete
Zagar. They lost to U.S.C. by one
half a point. In 1940 the Cards en
tered the same meet with men such
as Paul Moore, Clyde Jeffry, Mushy
Girard, and Stan Anderson. They
lost by one point.
Stanford went to the Coast Con
ference track meet in 1937 led by
such greats as Jack Weierhauser,
Ray Mallot, Bill McCurdy, and Pete
Zagar. They lost to U.S.C. by one
half a point. In 1940 the Cards en
tered the same meet with men such
as Paul Moore, Clyde Jeffry, Mushy
Girard, and Stan Anderson. They
lost by one point.
Stanford went to the Coast Con
ference track meet in 1937 led by
such greats as Jack Weierhauser,
Ray Mallot, Bill McCurdy, and Pete
Zagar. They lost to U.S.C. by one
half a point. In 1940 the Cards en
tered the same meet with men such
as Paul Moore, Clyde Jeffry, Mushy
Girard, and Stan Anderson. They
lost by one point.
Stanford went to the Coast Con
ference track meet in 1937 led by
such greats as Jack Weierhauser,
Ray Mallot, Bill McCurdy, and Pete
Zagar. They lost to U.S.C. by one
half a point. In 1940 the Cards en
tered the same meet with men such
as Paul Moore, Clyde Jeffry, Mushy
Girard, and Stan Anderson. They
lost by one point.
Stanford went to the Coast Con
ference track meet in 1937 led by
such greats as Jack Weierhauser,
Ray Mallot, Bill McCurdy, and Pete
Zagar. They lost to U.S.C. by one
half a point. In 1940 the Cards en
tered the same meet with men such
as Paul Moore, Clyde Jeffry, Mushy
Girard, and Stan Anderson. They
lost by one point.
Stanford went to the Coast Con
ference track meet in 1937 led by
such greats as Jack Weierhauser,
Ray Mallot, Bill McCurdy, and Pete
Zagar. They lost to U.S.C. by one
half a point. In 1940 the Cards en
tered the same meet with men such
as Paul Moore, Clyde Jeffry, Mushy
Girard, and Stan Anderson. They
lost by one point.
Stanford went to the Coast Con
ference track meet in 1937 led by
such greats as Jack Weierhauser,
Ray Mallot, Bill McCurdy, and Pete
Zagar. They lost to U.S.C. by one
half a point. In 1940 the Cards en
tered the same meet with men such
as Paul Moore, Clyde Jeffry, Mushy
Girard, and Stan Anderson. They
lost by one point.
Stanford went to the Coast Con
ference track meet in 1937 led by
such greats as Jack Weierhauser,
Ray Mallot, Bill McCurdy, and Pete
Zagar. They lost to U.S.C. by one
half a point. In 1940 the Cards en
tered the same meet with men such
as Paul Moore, Clyde Jeffry, Mushy
Girard, and Stan Anderson. They
lost by one point.
Stanford went to the Coast Con
ference track meet in 1937 led by
such greats as Jack Weierhauser,
Ray Mallot, Bill McCurdy, and Pete
Zagar. They lost to U.S.C. by one
half a point. In 1940 the Cards en
tered the same meet with men such
as Paul Moore, Clyde Jeffry, Mushy
Girard, and Stan Anderson. They
lost by one point.
Stanford went to the Coast Con
ference track meet in 1937 led by
such greats as Jack Weierhauser,
Ray Mallot, Bill McCurdy, and Pete
Zagar. They lost to U.S.C. by one
half a point. In 1940 the Cards en
tered the same meet with men such
as Paul Moore, Clyde Jeffry, Mushy
Girard, and Stan Anderson. They
lost by one point.
Stanford went to the Coast Con
ference track meet in 1937 led by
such greats as Jack Weierhauser,
Ray Mallot, Bill McCurdy, and Pete
Zagar. They lost to U.S.C. by one
half a point. In 1940 the Cards en
tered the same meet with men such
as Paul Moore, Clyde Jeffry, Mushy
Girard, and Stan Anderson. They
lost by one point.
Stanford went to the Coast Con
ference track meet in 1937 led by
such greats as Jack Weierhauser,
Ray Mallot, Bill McCurdy, and Pete
Zagar. They lost to U.S.C. by one
half a point. In 1940 the Cards en
tered the same meet with men such
as Paul Moore, Clyde Jeffry, Mushy
Girard, and Stan Anderson. They
lost by one point.
