# MEET AT VISALIA
## 
### 
VISALIA, Feb. 12 (UP) .—Officials
of Visalia Junior College revealed
today the national junior college
track and field championships will
be held here May 29 and 30.

With a score of 55-7-1-3—47 2-3,
Mrs. Hal Oviatt won a best 12 tour
nament staged by women of the
Stanford Golf Club Wednesday.
VISALIA, Feb. 12 (UP) .—Officials
of Visalia Junior College revealed
today the national junior college
track and field championships will
be held here May 29 and 30.

With a score of 55-7-1-3—47 2-3,
Mrs. Hal Oviatt won a best 12 tour
nament staged by women of the
Stanford Golf Club Wednesday.
VISALIA, Feb. 12 (UP) .—Officials
of Visalia Junior College revealed
today the national junior college
track and field championships will
be held here May 29 and 30.

With a score of 55-7-1-3—47 2-3,
Mrs. Hal Oviatt won a best 12 tour
nament staged by women of the
Stanford Golf Club Wednesday.
VISALIA, Feb. 12 (UP) .—Officials
of Visalia Junior College revealed
today the national junior college
track and field championships will
be held here May 29 and 30.

With a score of 55-7-1-3—47 2-3,
Mrs. Hal Oviatt won a best 12 tour
nament staged by women of the
Stanford Golf Club Wednesday.
VISALIA, Feb. 12 (UP) .—Officials
of Visalia Junior College revealed
today the national junior college
track and field championships will
be held here May 29 and 30.

With a score of 55-7-1-3—47 2-3,
Mrs. Hal Oviatt won a best 12 tour
nament staged by women of the
Stanford Golf Club Wednesday.
VISALIA, Feb. 12 (UP) .—Officials
of Visalia Junior College revealed
today the national junior college
track and field championships will
be held here May 29 and 30.

With a score of 55-7-1-3—47 2-3,
Mrs. Hal Oviatt won a best 12 tour
nament staged by women of the
Stanford Golf Club Wednesday.
VISALIA, Feb. 12 (UP) .—Officials
of Visalia Junior College revealed
today the national junior college
track and field championships will
be held here May 29 and 30.

With a score of 55-7-1-3—47 2-3,
Mrs. Hal Oviatt won a best 12 tour
nament staged by women of the
Stanford Golf Club Wednesday.
VISALIA, Feb. 12 (UP) .—Officials
of Visalia Junior College revealed
today the national junior college
track and field championships will
be held here May 29 and 30.

With a score of 55-7-1-3—47 2-3,
Mrs. Hal Oviatt won a best 12 tour
nament staged by women of the
Stanford Golf Club Wednesday.
VISALIA, Feb. 12 (UP) .—Officials
of Visalia Junior College revealed
today the national junior college
track and field championships will
be held here May 29 and 30.

With a score of 55-7-1-3—47 2-3,
Mrs. Hal Oviatt won a best 12 tour
nament staged by women of the
Stanford Golf Club Wednesday.
VISALIA, Feb. 12 (UP) .—Officials
of Visalia Junior College revealed
today the national junior college
track and field championships will
be held here May 29 and 30.

With a score of 55-7-1-3—47 2-3,
Mrs. Hal Oviatt won a best 12 tour
nament staged by women of the
Stanford Golf Club Wednesday.
VISALIA, Feb. 12 (UP) .—Officials
of Visalia Junior College revealed
today the national junior college
track and field championships will
be held here May 29 and 30.

With a score of 55-7-1-3—47 2-3,
Mrs. Hal Oviatt won a best 12 tour
nament staged by women of the
Stanford Golf Club Wednesday.
VISALIA, Feb. 12 (UP) .—Officials
of Visalia Junior College revealed
today the national junior college
track and field championships will
be held here May 29 and 30.

With a score of 55-7-1-3—47 2-3,
Mrs. Hal Oviatt won a best 12 tour
nament staged by women of the
Stanford Golf Club Wednesday.
VISALIA, Feb. 12 (UP) .—Officials
of Visalia Junior College revealed
today the national junior college
track and field championships will
be held here May 29 and 30.

With a score of 55-7-1-3—47 2-3,
Mrs. Hal Oviatt won a best 12 tour
nament staged by women of the
Stanford Golf Club Wednesday.
VISALIA, Feb. 12 (UP) .—Officials
of Visalia Junior College revealed
today the national junior college
track and field championships will
be held here May 29 and 30.

With a score of 55-7-1-3—47 2-3,
Mrs. Hal Oviatt won a best 12 tour
nament staged by women of the
Stanford Golf Club Wednesday.
VISALIA, Feb. 12 (UP) .—Officials
of Visalia Junior College revealed
today the national junior college
track and field championships will
be held here May 29 and 30.

With a score of 55-7-1-3—47 2-3,
Mrs. Hal Oviatt won a best 12 tour
nament staged by women of the
Stanford Golf Club Wednesday.
VISALIA, Feb. 12 (UP) .—Officials
of Visalia Junior College revealed
today the national junior college
track and field championships will
be held here May 29 and 30.

With a score of 55-7-1-3—47 2-3,
Mrs. Hal Oviatt won a best 12 tour
nament staged by women of the
Stanford Golf Club Wednesday.
VISALIA, Feb. 12 (UP) .—Officials
of Visalia Junior College revealed
today the national junior college
track and field championships will
be held here May 29 and 30.

With a score of 55-7-1-3—47 2-3,
Mrs. Hal Oviatt won a best 12 tour
nament staged by women of the
Stanford Golf Club Wednesday.
VISALIA, Feb. 12 (UP) .—Officials
of Visalia Junior College revealed
today the national junior college
track and field championships will
be held here May 29 and 30.

With a score of 55-7-1-3—47 2-3,
Mrs. Hal Oviatt won a best 12 tour
nament staged by women of the
Stanford Golf Club Wednesday.
