# War in Brief
## 
### 
Singapore continued to hold out
last night, with battles raging
throughout the city as British
troops attempted to evacuate by
sea.
On the other fronts in the South
Pacific theater the tide of Japa
nese advances seemed checked, at
least momentarily.
In Kurma, the British claimed to
have struck "successful blows" in
a counterattack action against the
invaders.
Dutch troops are struggling des
perately to hold back the Japa
nese invaders from Bandjermasin,
capital of Dutch Borneo, and
Macassar, capital of Celebes.
Australian planes attacked a Jap
invasion fleet off Southern New
Britain and set one vessel afire
with bomb hits and machine-gun
fire.
British reverses in the Far Fast
arc causing political repercussions
in London, where an organized
attempt to revolt against the
Churchill government is evident.
The opposition is advocating a
"government of national union" in
which the dominions and empire
would have a voice.
General Douglas Mac Arthur re
ported from the Philippines that
his forces had imposed such losses
on the enemy that the Japs have
been forced to "await reinforce
ments" before resuming their of
fensive.
