# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Quad on ;
But Not Today
Contrary to previous an
nouncement, the Quad will
not be distributed today, ac
cording to Quad Editor Rosa
Hann. It will be available on
Wednesday from 8 a.m. to 5
p.m. for those who have paid
for theirs in advance and for
those who wish to buy them
for $8 a copy.
Further dates on which the
Quads will be sold this quar
ter have not been announced.
Quad on ;
But Not Today
Contrary to previous an
nouncement, the Quad will
not be distributed today, ac
cording to Quad Editor Rosa
Hann. It will be available on
Wednesday from 8 a.m. to 5
p.m. for those who have paid
for theirs in advance and for
those who wish to buy them
for $8 a copy.
Further dates on which the
Quads will be sold this quar
ter have not been announced.
Quad on ;
But Not Today
Contrary to previous an
nouncement, the Quad will
not be distributed today, ac
cording to Quad Editor Rosa
Hann. It will be available on
Wednesday from 8 a.m. to 5
p.m. for those who have paid
for theirs in advance and for
those who wish to buy them
for $8 a copy.
Further dates on which the
Quads will be sold this quar
ter have not been announced.
Quad on ;
But Not Today
Contrary to previous an
nouncement, the Quad will
not be distributed today, ac
cording to Quad Editor Rosa
Hann. It will be available on
Wednesday from 8 a.m. to 5
p.m. for those who have paid
for theirs in advance and for
those who wish to buy them
for $8 a copy.
Further dates on which the
Quads will be sold this quar
ter have not been announced.
Quad on ;
But Not Today
Contrary to previous an
nouncement, the Quad will
not be distributed today, ac
cording to Quad Editor Rosa
Hann. It will be available on
Wednesday from 8 a.m. to 5
p.m. for those who have paid
for theirs in advance and for
those who wish to buy them
for $8 a copy.
Further dates on which the
Quads will be sold this quar
ter have not been announced.
Quad on ;
But Not Today
Contrary to previous an
nouncement, the Quad will
not be distributed today, ac
cording to Quad Editor Rosa
Hann. It will be available on
Wednesday from 8 a.m. to 5
p.m. for those who have paid
for theirs in advance and for
those who wish to buy them
for $8 a copy.
Further dates on which the
Quads will be sold this quar
ter have not been announced.
Quad on ;
But Not Today
Contrary to previous an
nouncement, the Quad will
not be distributed today, ac
cording to Quad Editor Rosa
Hann. It will be available on
Wednesday from 8 a.m. to 5
p.m. for those who have paid
for theirs in advance and for
those who wish to buy them
for $8 a copy.
Further dates on which the
Quads will be sold this quar
ter have not been announced.
Quad on ;
But Not Today
Contrary to previous an
nouncement, the Quad will
not be distributed today, ac
cording to Quad Editor Rosa
Hann. It will be available on
Wednesday from 8 a.m. to 5
p.m. for those who have paid
for theirs in advance and for
those who wish to buy them
for $8 a copy.
Further dates on which the
Quads will be sold this quar
ter have not been announced.
Quad on ;
But Not Today
Contrary to previous an
nouncement, the Quad will
not be distributed today, ac
cording to Quad Editor Rosa
Hann. It will be available on
Wednesday from 8 a.m. to 5
p.m. for those who have paid
for theirs in advance and for
those who wish to buy them
for $8 a copy.
Further dates on which the
Quads will be sold this quar
ter have not been announced.
Quad on ;
But Not Today
Contrary to previous an
nouncement, the Quad will
not be distributed today, ac
cording to Quad Editor Rosa
Hann. It will be available on
Wednesday from 8 a.m. to 5
p.m. for those who have paid
for theirs in advance and for
those who wish to buy them
for $8 a copy.
Further dates on which the
Quads will be sold this quar
ter have not been announced.
Quad on ;
But Not Today
Contrary to previous an
nouncement, the Quad will
not be distributed today, ac
cording to Quad Editor Rosa
Hann. It will be available on
Wednesday from 8 a.m. to 5
p.m. for those who have paid
for theirs in advance and for
those who wish to buy them
for $8 a copy.
Further dates on which the
Quads will be sold this quar
ter have not been announced.
Quad on ;
But Not Today
Contrary to previous an
nouncement, the Quad will
not be distributed today, ac
cording to Quad Editor Rosa
Hann. It will be available on
Wednesday from 8 a.m. to 5
p.m. for those who have paid
for theirs in advance and for
those who wish to buy them
for $8 a copy.
Further dates on which the
Quads will be sold this quar
ter have not been announced.
Quad on ;
But Not Today
Contrary to previous an
nouncement, the Quad will
not be distributed today, ac
cording to Quad Editor Rosa
Hann. It will be available on
Wednesday from 8 a.m. to 5
p.m. for those who have paid
for theirs in advance and for
those who wish to buy them
for $8 a copy.
Further dates on which the
Quads will be sold this quar
ter have not been announced.
Quad on ;
But Not Today
Contrary to previous an
nouncement, the Quad will
not be distributed today, ac
cording to Quad Editor Rosa
Hann. It will be available on
Wednesday from 8 a.m. to 5
p.m. for those who have paid
for theirs in advance and for
those who wish to buy them
for $8 a copy.
Further dates on which the
Quads will be sold this quar
ter have not been announced.
Quad on ;
But Not Today
Contrary to previous an
nouncement, the Quad will
not be distributed today, ac
cording to Quad Editor Rosa
Hann. It will be available on
Wednesday from 8 a.m. to 5
p.m. for those who have paid
for theirs in advance and for
those who wish to buy them
for $8 a copy.
Further dates on which the
Quads will be sold this quar
ter have not been announced.
Quad on ;
But Not Today
Contrary to previous an
nouncement, the Quad will
not be distributed today, ac
cording to Quad Editor Rosa
Hann. It will be available on
Wednesday from 8 a.m. to 5
p.m. for those who have paid
for theirs in advance and for
those who wish to buy them
for $8 a copy.
Further dates on which the
Quads will be sold this quar
ter have not been announced.
