# Untitled Article
## 
### 

UP AND OVER—Stanford pole vauiter Phil White sails over
the bar at 13-6 during the Big Five track meet held Satur
day in the Stadium. White lost out to Washingon’s John
Cramer and USC's Jim Brewer who went 15 feet.

UP AND OVER—Stanford pole vauiter Phil White sails over
the bar at 13-6 during the Big Five track meet held Satur
day in the Stadium. White lost out to Washingon’s John
Cramer and USC's Jim Brewer who went 15 feet.

UP AND OVER—Stanford pole vauiter Phil White sails over
the bar at 13-6 during the Big Five track meet held Satur
day in the Stadium. White lost out to Washingon’s John
Cramer and USC's Jim Brewer who went 15 feet.

UP AND OVER—Stanford pole vauiter Phil White sails over
the bar at 13-6 during the Big Five track meet held Satur
day in the Stadium. White lost out to Washingon’s John
Cramer and USC's Jim Brewer who went 15 feet.

UP AND OVER—Stanford pole vauiter Phil White sails over
the bar at 13-6 during the Big Five track meet held Satur
day in the Stadium. White lost out to Washingon’s John
Cramer and USC's Jim Brewer who went 15 feet.

UP AND OVER—Stanford pole vauiter Phil White sails over
the bar at 13-6 during the Big Five track meet held Satur
day in the Stadium. White lost out to Washingon’s John
Cramer and USC's Jim Brewer who went 15 feet.

UP AND OVER—Stanford pole vauiter Phil White sails over
the bar at 13-6 during the Big Five track meet held Satur
day in the Stadium. White lost out to Washingon’s John
Cramer and USC's Jim Brewer who went 15 feet.

UP AND OVER—Stanford pole vauiter Phil White sails over
the bar at 13-6 during the Big Five track meet held Satur
day in the Stadium. White lost out to Washingon’s John
Cramer and USC's Jim Brewer who went 15 feet.

UP AND OVER—Stanford pole vauiter Phil White sails over
the bar at 13-6 during the Big Five track meet held Satur
day in the Stadium. White lost out to Washingon’s John
Cramer and USC's Jim Brewer who went 15 feet.

UP AND OVER—Stanford pole vauiter Phil White sails over
the bar at 13-6 during the Big Five track meet held Satur
day in the Stadium. White lost out to Washingon’s John
Cramer and USC's Jim Brewer who went 15 feet.

UP AND OVER—Stanford pole vauiter Phil White sails over
the bar at 13-6 during the Big Five track meet held Satur
day in the Stadium. White lost out to Washingon’s John
Cramer and USC's Jim Brewer who went 15 feet.

UP AND OVER—Stanford pole vauiter Phil White sails over
the bar at 13-6 during the Big Five track meet held Satur
day in the Stadium. White lost out to Washingon’s John
Cramer and USC's Jim Brewer who went 15 feet.

UP AND OVER—Stanford pole vauiter Phil White sails over
the bar at 13-6 during the Big Five track meet held Satur
day in the Stadium. White lost out to Washingon’s John
Cramer and USC's Jim Brewer who went 15 feet.

UP AND OVER—Stanford pole vauiter Phil White sails over
the bar at 13-6 during the Big Five track meet held Satur
day in the Stadium. White lost out to Washingon’s John
Cramer and USC's Jim Brewer who went 15 feet.

UP AND OVER—Stanford pole vauiter Phil White sails over
the bar at 13-6 during the Big Five track meet held Satur
day in the Stadium. White lost out to Washingon’s John
Cramer and USC's Jim Brewer who went 15 feet.

UP AND OVER—Stanford pole vauiter Phil White sails over
the bar at 13-6 during the Big Five track meet held Satur
day in the Stadium. White lost out to Washingon’s John
Cramer and USC's Jim Brewer who went 15 feet.
