# Court Upholds 'Blue Laws'
## 
### 
WASHINGTON (UPI) — The
Supreme Court ruled yester day in
four “blue law” test cases that
states have the power to compel
retail merchants to restrict and
even close down their business
activities on Sunday.
Specifically, the court uphold
the blue laws of Pennsylvania.
Massachusetts and Maryland. The
statutes had been challenged on
both religious and economic
grounds.
BUT THE APPLICATION of
yesterday’s rulings is expected to
bo extended throughout the many
states which have controversial
blue laws, some of them extend
ing back to the colonial days of
the Puritans.
Chief Justice Earl Warren noted
that blue laws could be found un
constitutional in the future if it
were shown that they wore being
used by the states “to aid re
ligion.”
The test cases were brought to
the high court by a combination
of religious and commercial in
terests who became involved in
blue law litigation in the three
states.
ORTHODOX JEWS, supported
by other groups which observe
Saturday as the Sabbath, raised
the religious argument. They con
tended that Sunday closing laws
and other sales restrictions dis
criminated against them in favor
of Christian sects.
The economic challenge stem
med largely from discount houses
which have sprung up in recent
years and want to operate on Sun
day. At issue were state laws
which prohibit the sale of some
items on Sunday but exempt some
items of merchandise. Also ex
empt are some establishments
such as drug stores and news
dealers.
State authorities conceded the
laws may have been religious in
origin, but said they now have
become “day of rest” statutes.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — The
Supreme Court ruled yester day in
four “blue law” test cases that
states have the power to compel
retail merchants to restrict and
even close down their business
activities on Sunday.
Specifically, the court uphold
the blue laws of Pennsylvania.
Massachusetts and Maryland. The
statutes had been challenged on
both religious and economic
grounds.
BUT THE APPLICATION of
yesterday’s rulings is expected to
bo extended throughout the many
states which have controversial
blue laws, some of them extend
ing back to the colonial days of
the Puritans.
Chief Justice Earl Warren noted
that blue laws could be found un
constitutional in the future if it
were shown that they wore being
used by the states “to aid re
ligion.”
The test cases were brought to
the high court by a combination
of religious and commercial in
terests who became involved in
blue law litigation in the three
states.
ORTHODOX JEWS, supported
by other groups which observe
Saturday as the Sabbath, raised
the religious argument. They con
tended that Sunday closing laws
and other sales restrictions dis
criminated against them in favor
of Christian sects.
The economic challenge stem
med largely from discount houses
which have sprung up in recent
years and want to operate on Sun
day. At issue were state laws
which prohibit the sale of some
items on Sunday but exempt some
items of merchandise. Also ex
empt are some establishments
such as drug stores and news
dealers.
State authorities conceded the
laws may have been religious in
origin, but said they now have
become “day of rest” statutes.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — The
Supreme Court ruled yester day in
four “blue law” test cases that
states have the power to compel
retail merchants to restrict and
even close down their business
activities on Sunday.
Specifically, the court uphold
the blue laws of Pennsylvania.
Massachusetts and Maryland. The
statutes had been challenged on
both religious and economic
grounds.
BUT THE APPLICATION of
yesterday’s rulings is expected to
bo extended throughout the many
states which have controversial
blue laws, some of them extend
ing back to the colonial days of
the Puritans.
Chief Justice Earl Warren noted
that blue laws could be found un
constitutional in the future if it
were shown that they wore being
used by the states “to aid re
ligion.”
The test cases were brought to
the high court by a combination
of religious and commercial in
terests who became involved in
blue law litigation in the three
states.
ORTHODOX JEWS, supported
by other groups which observe
Saturday as the Sabbath, raised
the religious argument. They con
tended that Sunday closing laws
and other sales restrictions dis
criminated against them in favor
of Christian sects.
The economic challenge stem
med largely from discount houses
which have sprung up in recent
years and want to operate on Sun
day. At issue were state laws
which prohibit the sale of some
items on Sunday but exempt some
items of merchandise. Also ex
empt are some establishments
such as drug stores and news
dealers.
State authorities conceded the
laws may have been religious in
origin, but said they now have
become “day of rest” statutes.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — The
Supreme Court ruled yester day in
four “blue law” test cases that
states have the power to compel
retail merchants to restrict and
even close down their business
activities on Sunday.
Specifically, the court uphold
the blue laws of Pennsylvania.
Massachusetts and Maryland. The
statutes had been challenged on
both religious and economic
grounds.
BUT THE APPLICATION of
yesterday’s rulings is expected to
bo extended throughout the many
states which have controversial
blue laws, some of them extend
ing back to the colonial days of
the Puritans.
Chief Justice Earl Warren noted
that blue laws could be found un
constitutional in the future if it
were shown that they wore being
used by the states “to aid re
ligion.”
The test cases were brought to
the high court by a combination
of religious and commercial in
terests who became involved in
blue law litigation in the three
states.
ORTHODOX JEWS, supported
by other groups which observe
Saturday as the Sabbath, raised
the religious argument. They con
tended that Sunday closing laws
and other sales restrictions dis
criminated against them in favor
of Christian sects.
The economic challenge stem
med largely from discount houses
which have sprung up in recent
years and want to operate on Sun
day. At issue were state laws
which prohibit the sale of some
items on Sunday but exempt some
items of merchandise. Also ex
empt are some establishments
such as drug stores and news
dealers.
State authorities conceded the
laws may have been religious in
origin, but said they now have
become “day of rest” statutes.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — The
Supreme Court ruled yester day in
four “blue law” test cases that
states have the power to compel
retail merchants to restrict and
even close down their business
activities on Sunday.
Specifically, the court uphold
the blue laws of Pennsylvania.
Massachusetts and Maryland. The
statutes had been challenged on
both religious and economic
grounds.
BUT THE APPLICATION of
yesterday’s rulings is expected to
bo extended throughout the many
states which have controversial
blue laws, some of them extend
ing back to the colonial days of
the Puritans.
Chief Justice Earl Warren noted
that blue laws could be found un
constitutional in the future if it
were shown that they wore being
used by the states “to aid re
ligion.”
The test cases were brought to
the high court by a combination
of religious and commercial in
terests who became involved in
blue law litigation in the three
states.
ORTHODOX JEWS, supported
by other groups which observe
Saturday as the Sabbath, raised
the religious argument. They con
tended that Sunday closing laws
and other sales restrictions dis
criminated against them in favor
of Christian sects.
The economic challenge stem
med largely from discount houses
which have sprung up in recent
years and want to operate on Sun
day. At issue were state laws
which prohibit the sale of some
items on Sunday but exempt some
items of merchandise. Also ex
empt are some establishments
such as drug stores and news
dealers.
State authorities conceded the
laws may have been religious in
origin, but said they now have
become “day of rest” statutes.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — The
Supreme Court ruled yester day in
four “blue law” test cases that
states have the power to compel
retail merchants to restrict and
even close down their business
activities on Sunday.
Specifically, the court uphold
the blue laws of Pennsylvania.
Massachusetts and Maryland. The
statutes had been challenged on
both religious and economic
grounds.
BUT THE APPLICATION of
yesterday’s rulings is expected to
bo extended throughout the many
states which have controversial
blue laws, some of them extend
ing back to the colonial days of
the Puritans.
Chief Justice Earl Warren noted
that blue laws could be found un
constitutional in the future if it
were shown that they wore being
used by the states “to aid re
ligion.”
The test cases were brought to
the high court by a combination
of religious and commercial in
terests who became involved in
blue law litigation in the three
states.
ORTHODOX JEWS, supported
by other groups which observe
Saturday as the Sabbath, raised
the religious argument. They con
tended that Sunday closing laws
and other sales restrictions dis
criminated against them in favor
of Christian sects.
The economic challenge stem
med largely from discount houses
which have sprung up in recent
years and want to operate on Sun
day. At issue were state laws
which prohibit the sale of some
items on Sunday but exempt some
items of merchandise. Also ex
empt are some establishments
such as drug stores and news
dealers.
State authorities conceded the
laws may have been religious in
origin, but said they now have
become “day of rest” statutes.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — The
Supreme Court ruled yester day in
four “blue law” test cases that
states have the power to compel
retail merchants to restrict and
even close down their business
activities on Sunday.
Specifically, the court uphold
the blue laws of Pennsylvania.
Massachusetts and Maryland. The
statutes had been challenged on
both religious and economic
grounds.
BUT THE APPLICATION of
yesterday’s rulings is expected to
bo extended throughout the many
states which have controversial
blue laws, some of them extend
ing back to the colonial days of
the Puritans.
Chief Justice Earl Warren noted
that blue laws could be found un
constitutional in the future if it
were shown that they wore being
used by the states “to aid re
ligion.”
The test cases were brought to
the high court by a combination
of religious and commercial in
terests who became involved in
blue law litigation in the three
states.
ORTHODOX JEWS, supported
by other groups which observe
Saturday as the Sabbath, raised
the religious argument. They con
tended that Sunday closing laws
and other sales restrictions dis
criminated against them in favor
of Christian sects.
The economic challenge stem
med largely from discount houses
which have sprung up in recent
years and want to operate on Sun
day. At issue were state laws
which prohibit the sale of some
items on Sunday but exempt some
items of merchandise. Also ex
empt are some establishments
such as drug stores and news
dealers.
State authorities conceded the
laws may have been religious in
origin, but said they now have
become “day of rest” statutes.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — The
Supreme Court ruled yester day in
four “blue law” test cases that
states have the power to compel
retail merchants to restrict and
even close down their business
activities on Sunday.
Specifically, the court uphold
the blue laws of Pennsylvania.
Massachusetts and Maryland. The
statutes had been challenged on
both religious and economic
grounds.
BUT THE APPLICATION of
yesterday’s rulings is expected to
bo extended throughout the many
states which have controversial
blue laws, some of them extend
ing back to the colonial days of
the Puritans.
Chief Justice Earl Warren noted
that blue laws could be found un
constitutional in the future if it
were shown that they wore being
used by the states “to aid re
ligion.”
The test cases were brought to
the high court by a combination
of religious and commercial in
terests who became involved in
blue law litigation in the three
states.
ORTHODOX JEWS, supported
by other groups which observe
Saturday as the Sabbath, raised
the religious argument. They con
tended that Sunday closing laws
and other sales restrictions dis
criminated against them in favor
of Christian sects.
The economic challenge stem
med largely from discount houses
which have sprung up in recent
years and want to operate on Sun
day. At issue were state laws
which prohibit the sale of some
items on Sunday but exempt some
items of merchandise. Also ex
empt are some establishments
such as drug stores and news
dealers.
State authorities conceded the
laws may have been religious in
origin, but said they now have
become “day of rest” statutes.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — The
Supreme Court ruled yester day in
four “blue law” test cases that
states have the power to compel
retail merchants to restrict and
even close down their business
activities on Sunday.
Specifically, the court uphold
the blue laws of Pennsylvania.
Massachusetts and Maryland. The
statutes had been challenged on
both religious and economic
grounds.
BUT THE APPLICATION of
yesterday’s rulings is expected to
bo extended throughout the many
states which have controversial
blue laws, some of them extend
ing back to the colonial days of
the Puritans.
Chief Justice Earl Warren noted
that blue laws could be found un
constitutional in the future if it
were shown that they wore being
used by the states “to aid re
ligion.”
The test cases were brought to
the high court by a combination
of religious and commercial in
terests who became involved in
blue law litigation in the three
states.
ORTHODOX JEWS, supported
by other groups which observe
Saturday as the Sabbath, raised
the religious argument. They con
tended that Sunday closing laws
and other sales restrictions dis
criminated against them in favor
of Christian sects.
The economic challenge stem
med largely from discount houses
which have sprung up in recent
years and want to operate on Sun
day. At issue were state laws
which prohibit the sale of some
items on Sunday but exempt some
items of merchandise. Also ex
empt are some establishments
such as drug stores and news
dealers.
State authorities conceded the
laws may have been religious in
origin, but said they now have
become “day of rest” statutes.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — The
Supreme Court ruled yester day in
four “blue law” test cases that
states have the power to compel
retail merchants to restrict and
even close down their business
activities on Sunday.
Specifically, the court uphold
the blue laws of Pennsylvania.
Massachusetts and Maryland. The
statutes had been challenged on
both religious and economic
grounds.
BUT THE APPLICATION of
yesterday’s rulings is expected to
bo extended throughout the many
states which have controversial
blue laws, some of them extend
ing back to the colonial days of
the Puritans.
Chief Justice Earl Warren noted
that blue laws could be found un
constitutional in the future if it
were shown that they wore being
used by the states “to aid re
ligion.”
The test cases were brought to
the high court by a combination
of religious and commercial in
terests who became involved in
blue law litigation in the three
states.
ORTHODOX JEWS, supported
by other groups which observe
Saturday as the Sabbath, raised
the religious argument. They con
tended that Sunday closing laws
and other sales restrictions dis
criminated against them in favor
of Christian sects.
The economic challenge stem
med largely from discount houses
which have sprung up in recent
years and want to operate on Sun
day. At issue were state laws
which prohibit the sale of some
items on Sunday but exempt some
items of merchandise. Also ex
empt are some establishments
such as drug stores and news
dealers.
State authorities conceded the
laws may have been religious in
origin, but said they now have
become “day of rest” statutes.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — The
Supreme Court ruled yester day in
four “blue law” test cases that
states have the power to compel
retail merchants to restrict and
even close down their business
activities on Sunday.
Specifically, the court uphold
the blue laws of Pennsylvania.
Massachusetts and Maryland. The
statutes had been challenged on
both religious and economic
grounds.
BUT THE APPLICATION of
yesterday’s rulings is expected to
bo extended throughout the many
states which have controversial
blue laws, some of them extend
ing back to the colonial days of
the Puritans.
Chief Justice Earl Warren noted
that blue laws could be found un
constitutional in the future if it
were shown that they wore being
used by the states “to aid re
ligion.”
The test cases were brought to
the high court by a combination
of religious and commercial in
terests who became involved in
blue law litigation in the three
states.
ORTHODOX JEWS, supported
by other groups which observe
Saturday as the Sabbath, raised
the religious argument. They con
tended that Sunday closing laws
and other sales restrictions dis
criminated against them in favor
of Christian sects.
The economic challenge stem
med largely from discount houses
which have sprung up in recent
years and want to operate on Sun
day. At issue were state laws
which prohibit the sale of some
items on Sunday but exempt some
items of merchandise. Also ex
empt are some establishments
such as drug stores and news
dealers.
State authorities conceded the
laws may have been religious in
origin, but said they now have
become “day of rest” statutes.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — The
Supreme Court ruled yester day in
four “blue law” test cases that
states have the power to compel
retail merchants to restrict and
even close down their business
activities on Sunday.
Specifically, the court uphold
the blue laws of Pennsylvania.
Massachusetts and Maryland. The
statutes had been challenged on
both religious and economic
grounds.
BUT THE APPLICATION of
yesterday’s rulings is expected to
bo extended throughout the many
states which have controversial
blue laws, some of them extend
ing back to the colonial days of
the Puritans.
Chief Justice Earl Warren noted
that blue laws could be found un
constitutional in the future if it
were shown that they wore being
used by the states “to aid re
ligion.”
The test cases were brought to
the high court by a combination
of religious and commercial in
terests who became involved in
blue law litigation in the three
states.
ORTHODOX JEWS, supported
by other groups which observe
Saturday as the Sabbath, raised
the religious argument. They con
tended that Sunday closing laws
and other sales restrictions dis
criminated against them in favor
of Christian sects.
The economic challenge stem
med largely from discount houses
which have sprung up in recent
years and want to operate on Sun
day. At issue were state laws
which prohibit the sale of some
items on Sunday but exempt some
items of merchandise. Also ex
empt are some establishments
such as drug stores and news
dealers.
State authorities conceded the
laws may have been religious in
origin, but said they now have
become “day of rest” statutes.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — The
Supreme Court ruled yester day in
four “blue law” test cases that
states have the power to compel
retail merchants to restrict and
even close down their business
activities on Sunday.
Specifically, the court uphold
the blue laws of Pennsylvania.
Massachusetts and Maryland. The
statutes had been challenged on
both religious and economic
grounds.
BUT THE APPLICATION of
yesterday’s rulings is expected to
bo extended throughout the many
states which have controversial
blue laws, some of them extend
ing back to the colonial days of
the Puritans.
Chief Justice Earl Warren noted
that blue laws could be found un
constitutional in the future if it
were shown that they wore being
used by the states “to aid re
ligion.”
The test cases were brought to
the high court by a combination
of religious and commercial in
terests who became involved in
blue law litigation in the three
states.
ORTHODOX JEWS, supported
by other groups which observe
Saturday as the Sabbath, raised
the religious argument. They con
tended that Sunday closing laws
and other sales restrictions dis
criminated against them in favor
of Christian sects.
The economic challenge stem
med largely from discount houses
which have sprung up in recent
years and want to operate on Sun
day. At issue were state laws
which prohibit the sale of some
items on Sunday but exempt some
items of merchandise. Also ex
empt are some establishments
such as drug stores and news
dealers.
State authorities conceded the
laws may have been religious in
origin, but said they now have
become “day of rest” statutes.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — The
Supreme Court ruled yester day in
four “blue law” test cases that
states have the power to compel
retail merchants to restrict and
even close down their business
activities on Sunday.
Specifically, the court uphold
the blue laws of Pennsylvania.
Massachusetts and Maryland. The
statutes had been challenged on
both religious and economic
grounds.
BUT THE APPLICATION of
yesterday’s rulings is expected to
bo extended throughout the many
states which have controversial
blue laws, some of them extend
ing back to the colonial days of
the Puritans.
Chief Justice Earl Warren noted
that blue laws could be found un
constitutional in the future if it
were shown that they wore being
used by the states “to aid re
ligion.”
The test cases were brought to
the high court by a combination
of religious and commercial in
terests who became involved in
blue law litigation in the three
states.
ORTHODOX JEWS, supported
by other groups which observe
Saturday as the Sabbath, raised
the religious argument. They con
tended that Sunday closing laws
and other sales restrictions dis
criminated against them in favor
of Christian sects.
The economic challenge stem
med largely from discount houses
which have sprung up in recent
years and want to operate on Sun
day. At issue were state laws
which prohibit the sale of some
items on Sunday but exempt some
items of merchandise. Also ex
empt are some establishments
such as drug stores and news
dealers.
State authorities conceded the
laws may have been religious in
origin, but said they now have
become “day of rest” statutes.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — The
Supreme Court ruled yester day in
four “blue law” test cases that
states have the power to compel
retail merchants to restrict and
even close down their business
activities on Sunday.
Specifically, the court uphold
the blue laws of Pennsylvania.
Massachusetts and Maryland. The
statutes had been challenged on
both religious and economic
grounds.
BUT THE APPLICATION of
yesterday’s rulings is expected to
bo extended throughout the many
states which have controversial
blue laws, some of them extend
ing back to the colonial days of
the Puritans.
Chief Justice Earl Warren noted
that blue laws could be found un
constitutional in the future if it
were shown that they wore being
used by the states “to aid re
ligion.”
The test cases were brought to
the high court by a combination
of religious and commercial in
terests who became involved in
blue law litigation in the three
states.
ORTHODOX JEWS, supported
by other groups which observe
Saturday as the Sabbath, raised
the religious argument. They con
tended that Sunday closing laws
and other sales restrictions dis
criminated against them in favor
of Christian sects.
The economic challenge stem
med largely from discount houses
which have sprung up in recent
years and want to operate on Sun
day. At issue were state laws
which prohibit the sale of some
items on Sunday but exempt some
items of merchandise. Also ex
empt are some establishments
such as drug stores and news
dealers.
State authorities conceded the
laws may have been religious in
origin, but said they now have
become “day of rest” statutes.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — The
Supreme Court ruled yester day in
four “blue law” test cases that
states have the power to compel
retail merchants to restrict and
even close down their business
activities on Sunday.
Specifically, the court uphold
the blue laws of Pennsylvania.
Massachusetts and Maryland. The
statutes had been challenged on
both religious and economic
grounds.
BUT THE APPLICATION of
yesterday’s rulings is expected to
bo extended throughout the many
states which have controversial
blue laws, some of them extend
ing back to the colonial days of
the Puritans.
Chief Justice Earl Warren noted
that blue laws could be found un
constitutional in the future if it
were shown that they wore being
used by the states “to aid re
ligion.”
The test cases were brought to
the high court by a combination
of religious and commercial in
terests who became involved in
blue law litigation in the three
states.
ORTHODOX JEWS, supported
by other groups which observe
Saturday as the Sabbath, raised
the religious argument. They con
tended that Sunday closing laws
and other sales restrictions dis
criminated against them in favor
of Christian sects.
The economic challenge stem
med largely from discount houses
which have sprung up in recent
years and want to operate on Sun
day. At issue were state laws
which prohibit the sale of some
items on Sunday but exempt some
items of merchandise. Also ex
empt are some establishments
such as drug stores and news
dealers.
State authorities conceded the
laws may have been religious in
origin, but said they now have
become “day of rest” statutes.
