# Masters To Name Manager This Week
## 
### 
Appointment of A.S.S.U. student
manager for the year 1937-38 will be
made late this week, it was an
nounced last night by Graduate
Manager A1 Masters, in charge of
appointments.
Unless last minute applications are
received, Masters will choose from
the three applicants to date: Chuck
Fontius, present student manager;
Dick Daugherty, dramatic manager;
and Jerry Brown, Daily manager.
Appointment of A.S.S.U. student
manager for the year 1937-38 will be
made late this week, it was an
nounced last night by Graduate
Manager A1 Masters, in charge of
appointments.
Unless last minute applications are
received, Masters will choose from
the three applicants to date: Chuck
Fontius, present student manager;
Dick Daugherty, dramatic manager;
and Jerry Brown, Daily manager.
Appointment of A.S.S.U. student
manager for the year 1937-38 will be
made late this week, it was an
nounced last night by Graduate
Manager A1 Masters, in charge of
appointments.
Unless last minute applications are
received, Masters will choose from
the three applicants to date: Chuck
Fontius, present student manager;
Dick Daugherty, dramatic manager;
and Jerry Brown, Daily manager.
Appointment of A.S.S.U. student
manager for the year 1937-38 will be
made late this week, it was an
nounced last night by Graduate
Manager A1 Masters, in charge of
appointments.
Unless last minute applications are
received, Masters will choose from
the three applicants to date: Chuck
Fontius, present student manager;
Dick Daugherty, dramatic manager;
and Jerry Brown, Daily manager.
Appointment of A.S.S.U. student
manager for the year 1937-38 will be
made late this week, it was an
nounced last night by Graduate
Manager A1 Masters, in charge of
appointments.
Unless last minute applications are
received, Masters will choose from
the three applicants to date: Chuck
Fontius, present student manager;
Dick Daugherty, dramatic manager;
and Jerry Brown, Daily manager.
Appointment of A.S.S.U. student
manager for the year 1937-38 will be
made late this week, it was an
nounced last night by Graduate
Manager A1 Masters, in charge of
appointments.
Unless last minute applications are
received, Masters will choose from
the three applicants to date: Chuck
Fontius, present student manager;
Dick Daugherty, dramatic manager;
and Jerry Brown, Daily manager.
Appointment of A.S.S.U. student
manager for the year 1937-38 will be
made late this week, it was an
nounced last night by Graduate
Manager A1 Masters, in charge of
appointments.
Unless last minute applications are
received, Masters will choose from
the three applicants to date: Chuck
Fontius, present student manager;
Dick Daugherty, dramatic manager;
and Jerry Brown, Daily manager.
Appointment of A.S.S.U. student
manager for the year 1937-38 will be
made late this week, it was an
nounced last night by Graduate
Manager A1 Masters, in charge of
appointments.
Unless last minute applications are
received, Masters will choose from
the three applicants to date: Chuck
Fontius, present student manager;
Dick Daugherty, dramatic manager;
and Jerry Brown, Daily manager.
Appointment of A.S.S.U. student
manager for the year 1937-38 will be
made late this week, it was an
nounced last night by Graduate
Manager A1 Masters, in charge of
appointments.
Unless last minute applications are
received, Masters will choose from
the three applicants to date: Chuck
Fontius, present student manager;
Dick Daugherty, dramatic manager;
and Jerry Brown, Daily manager.
Appointment of A.S.S.U. student
manager for the year 1937-38 will be
made late this week, it was an
nounced last night by Graduate
Manager A1 Masters, in charge of
appointments.
Unless last minute applications are
received, Masters will choose from
the three applicants to date: Chuck
Fontius, present student manager;
Dick Daugherty, dramatic manager;
and Jerry Brown, Daily manager.
Appointment of A.S.S.U. student
manager for the year 1937-38 will be
made late this week, it was an
nounced last night by Graduate
Manager A1 Masters, in charge of
appointments.
Unless last minute applications are
received, Masters will choose from
the three applicants to date: Chuck
Fontius, present student manager;
Dick Daugherty, dramatic manager;
and Jerry Brown, Daily manager.
Appointment of A.S.S.U. student
manager for the year 1937-38 will be
made late this week, it was an
nounced last night by Graduate
Manager A1 Masters, in charge of
appointments.
Unless last minute applications are
received, Masters will choose from
the three applicants to date: Chuck
Fontius, present student manager;
Dick Daugherty, dramatic manager;
and Jerry Brown, Daily manager.
Appointment of A.S.S.U. student
manager for the year 1937-38 will be
made late this week, it was an
nounced last night by Graduate
Manager A1 Masters, in charge of
appointments.
Unless last minute applications are
received, Masters will choose from
the three applicants to date: Chuck
Fontius, present student manager;
Dick Daugherty, dramatic manager;
and Jerry Brown, Daily manager.
Appointment of A.S.S.U. student
manager for the year 1937-38 will be
made late this week, it was an
nounced last night by Graduate
Manager A1 Masters, in charge of
appointments.
Unless last minute applications are
received, Masters will choose from
the three applicants to date: Chuck
Fontius, present student manager;
Dick Daugherty, dramatic manager;
and Jerry Brown, Daily manager.
Appointment of A.S.S.U. student
manager for the year 1937-38 will be
made late this week, it was an
nounced last night by Graduate
Manager A1 Masters, in charge of
appointments.
Unless last minute applications are
received, Masters will choose from
the three applicants to date: Chuck
Fontius, present student manager;
Dick Daugherty, dramatic manager;
and Jerry Brown, Daily manager.
