# QUADS.
## 
### 
Prof. Pease iscorrecting the proof cf
(iildersleeve's (Latin Grammar.
The Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity
eutertained a number of their lady
friends at their home in Palo Alto Fri
day evening.
The November number of the Edu
rational Review contains a sketch of
the methods of the educational depart
me ntat Stanford.
Miss Erumu Marweedel, who lec
tured here las; year in the department
of education, died last week in San
Francisco. Prof. Barnes acted as pall
bearer
Students having purchased reserved
seat tickets for the game on Thanksgiv
ing day, can get a fancy horn with
cardinal streamers free of charge at
Clabrough Golcher's
The Hustings. â€”It is a well known
fact that the most prominent, clothing
firm in San Francisco is "The Hast
ings," southwest comer of Montgomery
and Sutter streets. They have the
reputation of square dealing, low prices,
and first-class goods, Goods are just
as represented, and their cutters are
first-class artists. They also make a
specialty of gentlemen's furnishing
<_'oods. Our leaders will do well by
patronizing "The Hastings."
