# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
Potonius said to his
son, “neither a bor
rower nor lender be,”
unless you get credit
with R A. What the
old man didn’t under
stand (that older
generation, if does
not catch on at all)
is that it is easy to
have credit, all you
need is your Reg. card
and a little ambition
to trot to the nearest
R A to open your
Supercharge.
Easy, huh?
INDIANS
Potonius said to his
son, “neither a bor
rower nor lender be,”
unless you get credit
with R A. What the
old man didn’t under
stand (that older
generation, if does
not catch on at all)
is that it is easy to
have credit, all you
need is your Reg. card
and a little ambition
to trot to the nearest
R A to open your
Supercharge.
Easy, huh?
INDIANS
Potonius said to his
son, “neither a bor
rower nor lender be,”
unless you get credit
with R A. What the
old man didn’t under
stand (that older
generation, if does
not catch on at all)
is that it is easy to
have credit, all you
need is your Reg. card
and a little ambition
to trot to the nearest
R A to open your
Supercharge.
Easy, huh?
INDIANS
Potonius said to his
son, “neither a bor
rower nor lender be,”
unless you get credit
with R A. What the
old man didn’t under
stand (that older
generation, if does
not catch on at all)
is that it is easy to
have credit, all you
need is your Reg. card
and a little ambition
to trot to the nearest
R A to open your
Supercharge.
Easy, huh?
INDIANS
Potonius said to his
son, “neither a bor
rower nor lender be,”
unless you get credit
with R A. What the
old man didn’t under
stand (that older
generation, if does
not catch on at all)
is that it is easy to
have credit, all you
need is your Reg. card
and a little ambition
to trot to the nearest
R A to open your
Supercharge.
Easy, huh?
INDIANS
Potonius said to his
son, “neither a bor
rower nor lender be,”
unless you get credit
with R A. What the
old man didn’t under
stand (that older
generation, if does
not catch on at all)
is that it is easy to
have credit, all you
need is your Reg. card
and a little ambition
to trot to the nearest
R A to open your
Supercharge.
Easy, huh?
INDIANS
Potonius said to his
son, “neither a bor
rower nor lender be,”
unless you get credit
with R A. What the
old man didn’t under
stand (that older
generation, if does
not catch on at all)
is that it is easy to
have credit, all you
need is your Reg. card
and a little ambition
to trot to the nearest
R A to open your
Supercharge.
Easy, huh?
INDIANS
Potonius said to his
son, “neither a bor
rower nor lender be,”
unless you get credit
with R A. What the
old man didn’t under
stand (that older
generation, if does
not catch on at all)
is that it is easy to
have credit, all you
need is your Reg. card
and a little ambition
to trot to the nearest
R A to open your
Supercharge.
Easy, huh?
INDIANS
Potonius said to his
son, “neither a bor
rower nor lender be,”
unless you get credit
with R A. What the
old man didn’t under
stand (that older
generation, if does
not catch on at all)
is that it is easy to
have credit, all you
need is your Reg. card
and a little ambition
to trot to the nearest
R A to open your
Supercharge.
Easy, huh?
INDIANS
Potonius said to his
son, “neither a bor
rower nor lender be,”
unless you get credit
with R A. What the
old man didn’t under
stand (that older
generation, if does
not catch on at all)
is that it is easy to
have credit, all you
need is your Reg. card
and a little ambition
to trot to the nearest
R A to open your
Supercharge.
Easy, huh?
INDIANS
Potonius said to his
son, “neither a bor
rower nor lender be,”
unless you get credit
with R A. What the
old man didn’t under
stand (that older
generation, if does
not catch on at all)
is that it is easy to
have credit, all you
need is your Reg. card
and a little ambition
to trot to the nearest
R A to open your
Supercharge.
Easy, huh?
INDIANS
Potonius said to his
son, “neither a bor
rower nor lender be,”
unless you get credit
with R A. What the
old man didn’t under
stand (that older
generation, if does
not catch on at all)
is that it is easy to
have credit, all you
need is your Reg. card
and a little ambition
to trot to the nearest
R A to open your
Supercharge.
Easy, huh?
INDIANS
Potonius said to his
son, “neither a bor
rower nor lender be,”
unless you get credit
with R A. What the
old man didn’t under
stand (that older
generation, if does
not catch on at all)
is that it is easy to
have credit, all you
need is your Reg. card
and a little ambition
to trot to the nearest
R A to open your
Supercharge.
Easy, huh?
INDIANS
Potonius said to his
son, “neither a bor
rower nor lender be,”
unless you get credit
with R A. What the
old man didn’t under
stand (that older
generation, if does
not catch on at all)
is that it is easy to
have credit, all you
need is your Reg. card
and a little ambition
to trot to the nearest
R A to open your
Supercharge.
Easy, huh?
INDIANS
Potonius said to his
son, “neither a bor
rower nor lender be,”
unless you get credit
with R A. What the
old man didn’t under
stand (that older
generation, if does
not catch on at all)
is that it is easy to
have credit, all you
need is your Reg. card
and a little ambition
to trot to the nearest
R A to open your
Supercharge.
Easy, huh?
INDIANS
Potonius said to his
son, “neither a bor
rower nor lender be,”
unless you get credit
with R A. What the
old man didn’t under
stand (that older
generation, if does
not catch on at all)
is that it is easy to
have credit, all you
need is your Reg. card
and a little ambition
to trot to the nearest
R A to open your
Supercharge.
Easy, huh?
INDIANS
Potonius said to his
son, “neither a bor
rower nor lender be,”
unless you get credit
with R A. What the
old man didn’t under
stand (that older
generation, if does
not catch on at all)
is that it is easy to
have credit, all you
need is your Reg. card
and a little ambition
to trot to the nearest
R A to open your
Supercharge.
Easy, huh?
