# Card Boxers vs. CaL, Santa Clara
## 
### 
The Card boxing team has a big
one on tap tonight when coach
Ray Lunny’s charges journey to
Berkeley for a three-way meet
with Cal and Santa Clara,
Action is slated to get under
way at 8:00 p.m.
The Card boxing team has a big
one on tap tonight when coach
Ray Lunny’s charges journey to
Berkeley for a three-way meet
with Cal and Santa Clara,
Action is slated to get under
way at 8:00 p.m.
The Card boxing team has a big
one on tap tonight when coach
Ray Lunny’s charges journey to
Berkeley for a three-way meet
with Cal and Santa Clara,
Action is slated to get under
way at 8:00 p.m.
The Card boxing team has a big
one on tap tonight when coach
Ray Lunny’s charges journey to
Berkeley for a three-way meet
with Cal and Santa Clara,
Action is slated to get under
way at 8:00 p.m.
The Card boxing team has a big
one on tap tonight when coach
Ray Lunny’s charges journey to
Berkeley for a three-way meet
with Cal and Santa Clara,
Action is slated to get under
way at 8:00 p.m.
The Card boxing team has a big
one on tap tonight when coach
Ray Lunny’s charges journey to
Berkeley for a three-way meet
with Cal and Santa Clara,
Action is slated to get under
way at 8:00 p.m.
The Card boxing team has a big
one on tap tonight when coach
Ray Lunny’s charges journey to
Berkeley for a three-way meet
with Cal and Santa Clara,
Action is slated to get under
way at 8:00 p.m.
The Card boxing team has a big
one on tap tonight when coach
Ray Lunny’s charges journey to
Berkeley for a three-way meet
with Cal and Santa Clara,
Action is slated to get under
way at 8:00 p.m.
The Card boxing team has a big
one on tap tonight when coach
Ray Lunny’s charges journey to
Berkeley for a three-way meet
with Cal and Santa Clara,
Action is slated to get under
way at 8:00 p.m.
The Card boxing team has a big
one on tap tonight when coach
Ray Lunny’s charges journey to
Berkeley for a three-way meet
with Cal and Santa Clara,
Action is slated to get under
way at 8:00 p.m.
The Card boxing team has a big
one on tap tonight when coach
Ray Lunny’s charges journey to
Berkeley for a three-way meet
with Cal and Santa Clara,
Action is slated to get under
way at 8:00 p.m.
The Card boxing team has a big
one on tap tonight when coach
Ray Lunny’s charges journey to
Berkeley for a three-way meet
with Cal and Santa Clara,
Action is slated to get under
way at 8:00 p.m.
The Card boxing team has a big
one on tap tonight when coach
Ray Lunny’s charges journey to
Berkeley for a three-way meet
with Cal and Santa Clara,
Action is slated to get under
way at 8:00 p.m.
The Card boxing team has a big
one on tap tonight when coach
Ray Lunny’s charges journey to
Berkeley for a three-way meet
with Cal and Santa Clara,
Action is slated to get under
way at 8:00 p.m.
The Card boxing team has a big
one on tap tonight when coach
Ray Lunny’s charges journey to
Berkeley for a three-way meet
with Cal and Santa Clara,
Action is slated to get under
way at 8:00 p.m.
The Card boxing team has a big
one on tap tonight when coach
Ray Lunny’s charges journey to
Berkeley for a three-way meet
with Cal and Santa Clara,
Action is slated to get under
way at 8:00 p.m.
The Card boxing team has a big
one on tap tonight when coach
Ray Lunny’s charges journey to
Berkeley for a three-way meet
with Cal and Santa Clara,
Action is slated to get under
way at 8:00 p.m.
