# Indonesians Guard Embassy
## 
### 
JAKARTA (UPD—Police plac
ed a 24-hour guard around the
U.S. Embassy yesterday in the
wake of a window-smashing riot
which resulted in minor injuries
to one embassy employe.
Indonesian authorities ques
tioned members of the mob, but
a government spokesman skid it
would be “premature to accuse
any group.’’
Resentment against the United
States resulted from authorized
use of American airfields by
Dutch planes carrying troops to
West New Guinea. Washington
closed U.S. airfields to similar
flights Monday.
Capt. Ceguh Sunarjo of the
War Administration Office said
the investigation will continue,
but he refused to disclose the
number of persons arrested.
Usually reliable sources said
the Communist-led CGMI student
organization planned the window
smashing attack Monday. Six per
sons were reported held by Indo
nesian authorities.
Indonesian Foreign Minister
Subandrio expressed his regrets
to U.S. Ambassador Howard P.
Jones by telephone, and a P’or
eign Office official visited the
Embassy to convey his govern
ment's apology.
JAKARTA (UPD—Police plac
ed a 24-hour guard around the
U.S. Embassy yesterday in the
wake of a window-smashing riot
which resulted in minor injuries
to one embassy employe.
Indonesian authorities ques
tioned members of the mob, but
a government spokesman skid it
would be “premature to accuse
any group.’’
Resentment against the United
States resulted from authorized
use of American airfields by
Dutch planes carrying troops to
West New Guinea. Washington
closed U.S. airfields to similar
flights Monday.
Capt. Ceguh Sunarjo of the
War Administration Office said
the investigation will continue,
but he refused to disclose the
number of persons arrested.
Usually reliable sources said
the Communist-led CGMI student
organization planned the window
smashing attack Monday. Six per
sons were reported held by Indo
nesian authorities.
Indonesian Foreign Minister
Subandrio expressed his regrets
to U.S. Ambassador Howard P.
Jones by telephone, and a P’or
eign Office official visited the
Embassy to convey his govern
ment's apology.
JAKARTA (UPD—Police plac
ed a 24-hour guard around the
U.S. Embassy yesterday in the
wake of a window-smashing riot
which resulted in minor injuries
to one embassy employe.
Indonesian authorities ques
tioned members of the mob, but
a government spokesman skid it
would be “premature to accuse
any group.’’
Resentment against the United
States resulted from authorized
use of American airfields by
Dutch planes carrying troops to
West New Guinea. Washington
closed U.S. airfields to similar
flights Monday.
Capt. Ceguh Sunarjo of the
War Administration Office said
the investigation will continue,
but he refused to disclose the
number of persons arrested.
Usually reliable sources said
the Communist-led CGMI student
organization planned the window
smashing attack Monday. Six per
sons were reported held by Indo
nesian authorities.
Indonesian Foreign Minister
Subandrio expressed his regrets
to U.S. Ambassador Howard P.
Jones by telephone, and a P’or
eign Office official visited the
Embassy to convey his govern
ment's apology.
JAKARTA (UPD—Police plac
ed a 24-hour guard around the
U.S. Embassy yesterday in the
wake of a window-smashing riot
which resulted in minor injuries
to one embassy employe.
Indonesian authorities ques
tioned members of the mob, but
a government spokesman skid it
would be “premature to accuse
any group.’’
Resentment against the United
States resulted from authorized
use of American airfields by
Dutch planes carrying troops to
West New Guinea. Washington
closed U.S. airfields to similar
flights Monday.
Capt. Ceguh Sunarjo of the
War Administration Office said
the investigation will continue,
but he refused to disclose the
number of persons arrested.
Usually reliable sources said
the Communist-led CGMI student
organization planned the window
smashing attack Monday. Six per
sons were reported held by Indo
nesian authorities.
Indonesian Foreign Minister
Subandrio expressed his regrets
to U.S. Ambassador Howard P.
Jones by telephone, and a P’or
eign Office official visited the
Embassy to convey his govern
ment's apology.
JAKARTA (UPD—Police plac
ed a 24-hour guard around the
U.S. Embassy yesterday in the
wake of a window-smashing riot
which resulted in minor injuries
to one embassy employe.
Indonesian authorities ques
tioned members of the mob, but
a government spokesman skid it
would be “premature to accuse
any group.’’
Resentment against the United
States resulted from authorized
use of American airfields by
Dutch planes carrying troops to
West New Guinea. Washington
closed U.S. airfields to similar
flights Monday.
Capt. Ceguh Sunarjo of the
War Administration Office said
the investigation will continue,
but he refused to disclose the
number of persons arrested.
Usually reliable sources said
the Communist-led CGMI student
organization planned the window
smashing attack Monday. Six per
sons were reported held by Indo
nesian authorities.
Indonesian Foreign Minister
Subandrio expressed his regrets
to U.S. Ambassador Howard P.
Jones by telephone, and a P’or
eign Office official visited the
Embassy to convey his govern
ment's apology.
JAKARTA (UPD—Police plac
ed a 24-hour guard around the
U.S. Embassy yesterday in the
wake of a window-smashing riot
which resulted in minor injuries
to one embassy employe.
Indonesian authorities ques
tioned members of the mob, but
a government spokesman skid it
would be “premature to accuse
any group.’’
Resentment against the United
States resulted from authorized
use of American airfields by
Dutch planes carrying troops to
West New Guinea. Washington
closed U.S. airfields to similar
flights Monday.
Capt. Ceguh Sunarjo of the
War Administration Office said
the investigation will continue,
but he refused to disclose the
number of persons arrested.
Usually reliable sources said
the Communist-led CGMI student
organization planned the window
smashing attack Monday. Six per
sons were reported held by Indo
nesian authorities.
Indonesian Foreign Minister
Subandrio expressed his regrets
to U.S. Ambassador Howard P.
Jones by telephone, and a P’or
eign Office official visited the
Embassy to convey his govern
ment's apology.
JAKARTA (UPD—Police plac
ed a 24-hour guard around the
U.S. Embassy yesterday in the
wake of a window-smashing riot
which resulted in minor injuries
to one embassy employe.
Indonesian authorities ques
tioned members of the mob, but
a government spokesman skid it
would be “premature to accuse
any group.’’
Resentment against the United
States resulted from authorized
use of American airfields by
Dutch planes carrying troops to
West New Guinea. Washington
closed U.S. airfields to similar
flights Monday.
Capt. Ceguh Sunarjo of the
War Administration Office said
the investigation will continue,
but he refused to disclose the
number of persons arrested.
Usually reliable sources said
the Communist-led CGMI student
organization planned the window
smashing attack Monday. Six per
sons were reported held by Indo
nesian authorities.
Indonesian Foreign Minister
Subandrio expressed his regrets
to U.S. Ambassador Howard P.
Jones by telephone, and a P’or
eign Office official visited the
Embassy to convey his govern
ment's apology.
JAKARTA (UPD—Police plac
ed a 24-hour guard around the
U.S. Embassy yesterday in the
wake of a window-smashing riot
which resulted in minor injuries
to one embassy employe.
Indonesian authorities ques
tioned members of the mob, but
a government spokesman skid it
would be “premature to accuse
any group.’’
Resentment against the United
States resulted from authorized
use of American airfields by
Dutch planes carrying troops to
West New Guinea. Washington
closed U.S. airfields to similar
flights Monday.
Capt. Ceguh Sunarjo of the
War Administration Office said
the investigation will continue,
but he refused to disclose the
number of persons arrested.
Usually reliable sources said
the Communist-led CGMI student
organization planned the window
smashing attack Monday. Six per
sons were reported held by Indo
nesian authorities.
Indonesian Foreign Minister
Subandrio expressed his regrets
to U.S. Ambassador Howard P.
Jones by telephone, and a P’or
eign Office official visited the
Embassy to convey his govern
ment's apology.
JAKARTA (UPD—Police plac
ed a 24-hour guard around the
U.S. Embassy yesterday in the
wake of a window-smashing riot
which resulted in minor injuries
to one embassy employe.
Indonesian authorities ques
tioned members of the mob, but
a government spokesman skid it
would be “premature to accuse
any group.’’
Resentment against the United
States resulted from authorized
use of American airfields by
Dutch planes carrying troops to
West New Guinea. Washington
closed U.S. airfields to similar
flights Monday.
Capt. Ceguh Sunarjo of the
War Administration Office said
the investigation will continue,
but he refused to disclose the
number of persons arrested.
Usually reliable sources said
the Communist-led CGMI student
organization planned the window
smashing attack Monday. Six per
sons were reported held by Indo
nesian authorities.
Indonesian Foreign Minister
Subandrio expressed his regrets
to U.S. Ambassador Howard P.
Jones by telephone, and a P’or
eign Office official visited the
Embassy to convey his govern
ment's apology.
JAKARTA (UPD—Police plac
ed a 24-hour guard around the
U.S. Embassy yesterday in the
wake of a window-smashing riot
which resulted in minor injuries
to one embassy employe.
Indonesian authorities ques
tioned members of the mob, but
a government spokesman skid it
would be “premature to accuse
any group.’’
Resentment against the United
States resulted from authorized
use of American airfields by
Dutch planes carrying troops to
West New Guinea. Washington
closed U.S. airfields to similar
flights Monday.
Capt. Ceguh Sunarjo of the
War Administration Office said
the investigation will continue,
but he refused to disclose the
number of persons arrested.
Usually reliable sources said
the Communist-led CGMI student
organization planned the window
smashing attack Monday. Six per
sons were reported held by Indo
nesian authorities.
Indonesian Foreign Minister
Subandrio expressed his regrets
to U.S. Ambassador Howard P.
Jones by telephone, and a P’or
eign Office official visited the
Embassy to convey his govern
ment's apology.
JAKARTA (UPD—Police plac
ed a 24-hour guard around the
U.S. Embassy yesterday in the
wake of a window-smashing riot
which resulted in minor injuries
to one embassy employe.
Indonesian authorities ques
tioned members of the mob, but
a government spokesman skid it
would be “premature to accuse
any group.’’
Resentment against the United
States resulted from authorized
use of American airfields by
Dutch planes carrying troops to
West New Guinea. Washington
closed U.S. airfields to similar
flights Monday.
Capt. Ceguh Sunarjo of the
War Administration Office said
the investigation will continue,
but he refused to disclose the
number of persons arrested.
Usually reliable sources said
the Communist-led CGMI student
organization planned the window
smashing attack Monday. Six per
sons were reported held by Indo
nesian authorities.
Indonesian Foreign Minister
Subandrio expressed his regrets
to U.S. Ambassador Howard P.
Jones by telephone, and a P’or
eign Office official visited the
Embassy to convey his govern
ment's apology.
JAKARTA (UPD—Police plac
ed a 24-hour guard around the
U.S. Embassy yesterday in the
wake of a window-smashing riot
which resulted in minor injuries
to one embassy employe.
Indonesian authorities ques
tioned members of the mob, but
a government spokesman skid it
would be “premature to accuse
any group.’’
Resentment against the United
States resulted from authorized
use of American airfields by
Dutch planes carrying troops to
West New Guinea. Washington
closed U.S. airfields to similar
flights Monday.
Capt. Ceguh Sunarjo of the
War Administration Office said
the investigation will continue,
but he refused to disclose the
number of persons arrested.
Usually reliable sources said
the Communist-led CGMI student
organization planned the window
smashing attack Monday. Six per
sons were reported held by Indo
nesian authorities.
Indonesian Foreign Minister
Subandrio expressed his regrets
to U.S. Ambassador Howard P.
Jones by telephone, and a P’or
eign Office official visited the
Embassy to convey his govern
ment's apology.
JAKARTA (UPD—Police plac
ed a 24-hour guard around the
U.S. Embassy yesterday in the
wake of a window-smashing riot
which resulted in minor injuries
to one embassy employe.
Indonesian authorities ques
tioned members of the mob, but
a government spokesman skid it
would be “premature to accuse
any group.’’
Resentment against the United
States resulted from authorized
use of American airfields by
Dutch planes carrying troops to
West New Guinea. Washington
closed U.S. airfields to similar
flights Monday.
Capt. Ceguh Sunarjo of the
War Administration Office said
the investigation will continue,
but he refused to disclose the
number of persons arrested.
Usually reliable sources said
the Communist-led CGMI student
organization planned the window
smashing attack Monday. Six per
sons were reported held by Indo
nesian authorities.
Indonesian Foreign Minister
Subandrio expressed his regrets
to U.S. Ambassador Howard P.
Jones by telephone, and a P’or
eign Office official visited the
Embassy to convey his govern
ment's apology.
JAKARTA (UPD—Police plac
ed a 24-hour guard around the
U.S. Embassy yesterday in the
wake of a window-smashing riot
which resulted in minor injuries
to one embassy employe.
Indonesian authorities ques
tioned members of the mob, but
a government spokesman skid it
would be “premature to accuse
any group.’’
Resentment against the United
States resulted from authorized
use of American airfields by
Dutch planes carrying troops to
West New Guinea. Washington
closed U.S. airfields to similar
flights Monday.
Capt. Ceguh Sunarjo of the
War Administration Office said
the investigation will continue,
but he refused to disclose the
number of persons arrested.
Usually reliable sources said
the Communist-led CGMI student
organization planned the window
smashing attack Monday. Six per
sons were reported held by Indo
nesian authorities.
Indonesian Foreign Minister
Subandrio expressed his regrets
to U.S. Ambassador Howard P.
Jones by telephone, and a P’or
eign Office official visited the
Embassy to convey his govern
ment's apology.
JAKARTA (UPD—Police plac
ed a 24-hour guard around the
U.S. Embassy yesterday in the
wake of a window-smashing riot
which resulted in minor injuries
to one embassy employe.
Indonesian authorities ques
tioned members of the mob, but
a government spokesman skid it
would be “premature to accuse
any group.’’
Resentment against the United
States resulted from authorized
use of American airfields by
Dutch planes carrying troops to
West New Guinea. Washington
closed U.S. airfields to similar
flights Monday.
Capt. Ceguh Sunarjo of the
War Administration Office said
the investigation will continue,
but he refused to disclose the
number of persons arrested.
Usually reliable sources said
the Communist-led CGMI student
organization planned the window
smashing attack Monday. Six per
sons were reported held by Indo
nesian authorities.
Indonesian Foreign Minister
Subandrio expressed his regrets
to U.S. Ambassador Howard P.
Jones by telephone, and a P’or
eign Office official visited the
Embassy to convey his govern
ment's apology.
JAKARTA (UPD—Police plac
ed a 24-hour guard around the
U.S. Embassy yesterday in the
wake of a window-smashing riot
which resulted in minor injuries
to one embassy employe.
Indonesian authorities ques
tioned members of the mob, but
a government spokesman skid it
would be “premature to accuse
any group.’’
Resentment against the United
States resulted from authorized
use of American airfields by
Dutch planes carrying troops to
West New Guinea. Washington
closed U.S. airfields to similar
flights Monday.
Capt. Ceguh Sunarjo of the
War Administration Office said
the investigation will continue,
but he refused to disclose the
number of persons arrested.
Usually reliable sources said
the Communist-led CGMI student
organization planned the window
smashing attack Monday. Six per
sons were reported held by Indo
nesian authorities.
Indonesian Foreign Minister
Subandrio expressed his regrets
to U.S. Ambassador Howard P.
Jones by telephone, and a P’or
eign Office official visited the
Embassy to convey his govern
ment's apology.
JAKARTA (UPD—Police plac
ed a 24-hour guard around the
U.S. Embassy yesterday in the
wake of a window-smashing riot
which resulted in minor injuries
to one embassy employe.
Indonesian authorities ques
tioned members of the mob, but
a government spokesman skid it
would be “premature to accuse
any group.’’
Resentment against the United
States resulted from authorized
use of American airfields by
Dutch planes carrying troops to
West New Guinea. Washington
closed U.S. airfields to similar
flights Monday.
Capt. Ceguh Sunarjo of the
War Administration Office said
the investigation will continue,
but he refused to disclose the
number of persons arrested.
Usually reliable sources said
the Communist-led CGMI student
organization planned the window
smashing attack Monday. Six per
sons were reported held by Indo
nesian authorities.
Indonesian Foreign Minister
Subandrio expressed his regrets
to U.S. Ambassador Howard P.
Jones by telephone, and a P’or
eign Office official visited the
Embassy to convey his govern
ment's apology.
