# Review
## Yellow Submarine 
### DAVE NOLAND BARBARA RITZ 
Yellow Submarine is beautiful.
The Beatles' latest movie pre
miered at a special midnight
showing Friday at the San Fran
cisco Film Festival. It's an eye
ball-blowing animated fantasy,
complete with Pepper People,
Blue Meanies, pink and black
fish, and of course the Beatles
themselves.
Visually, Yellow Submarine is
enthralling. The cartoon format
conveniently frees the film from
that very unfortunate handicap
of being real. It takes full advan
tage of the limitless possibilities
of the cartoon medium, and this
is the essence of its achieve
ment.
The Captain Marvel characters,
the Lucy-in-the-Sky scenery, and
the Saul Steinberg-style optical
trickery give Yellow Submarine
a visual impact as intense as
that of Kubrick's fantastic 2001
—but it overwhelms in its sim
plicity instead of complexity.
BLUE MEANIES
The plot is childishly simple.
The good guys are the inhabi
tants of Pepperland, who dance,
sing, and love everybody. The
bad guys are the Blue Meanies.
They are evil and ugly and mean,
and they attack the nice Pepper

people with a deadly arsenal of
flying gloves and Apple Bonk
ers.
One of the Pepper people man
ages to escape in—you guessed
it—a yellow submarine. He
meets John, Paul, George, and
Ringo, and persuades them to
submerge with him to rescue the
Pepper people.
After escaping various mon
sters, enduring an Einsteinian
time dilation, and befriending
Nowhere Man, they arrive in the
nick of time. Armed with music
and love, they easily rout the
Meanies, proving that good is
better than evil.
NEW SONGS
Of course there are songs, lots
of them. Most of the Sergeant
Pepper classics are there, along
with "Eleanor Rigby", "No
where Man", and of course "Yel
low Submarine".
A pleasant surprise were four
new songs never heard before,
at least on this side of the At
lantic. The best of the new ones
is a bouncy ditty entitled "One,
Two, Three, Four." Another in
corporates some acid-rock amp
wailing, but in general the new
songs reflect the trend away
from the Pepper sound back to
a rock style that can be per
formed on stage.
