# Cage Ducats
## 
### 
Student - faculty - staff bas
ketball tickets will go on sale
today at the Department of
Athletics ticket office on an
individual game basis for 75c
each. The tickets will be on
sale until they are sold out,
on a first-come, first serve
basis.
Student - faculty - staff bas
ketball tickets will go on sale
today at the Department of
Athletics ticket office on an
individual game basis for 75c
each. The tickets will be on
sale until they are sold out,
on a first-come, first serve
basis.
Student - faculty - staff bas
ketball tickets will go on sale
today at the Department of
Athletics ticket office on an
individual game basis for 75c
each. The tickets will be on
sale until they are sold out,
on a first-come, first serve
basis.
Student - faculty - staff bas
ketball tickets will go on sale
today at the Department of
Athletics ticket office on an
individual game basis for 75c
each. The tickets will be on
sale until they are sold out,
on a first-come, first serve
basis.
Student - faculty - staff bas
ketball tickets will go on sale
today at the Department of
Athletics ticket office on an
individual game basis for 75c
each. The tickets will be on
sale until they are sold out,
on a first-come, first serve
basis.
Student - faculty - staff bas
ketball tickets will go on sale
today at the Department of
Athletics ticket office on an
individual game basis for 75c
each. The tickets will be on
sale until they are sold out,
on a first-come, first serve
basis.
Student - faculty - staff bas
ketball tickets will go on sale
today at the Department of
Athletics ticket office on an
individual game basis for 75c
each. The tickets will be on
sale until they are sold out,
on a first-come, first serve
basis.
Student - faculty - staff bas
ketball tickets will go on sale
today at the Department of
Athletics ticket office on an
individual game basis for 75c
each. The tickets will be on
sale until they are sold out,
on a first-come, first serve
basis.
Student - faculty - staff bas
ketball tickets will go on sale
today at the Department of
Athletics ticket office on an
individual game basis for 75c
each. The tickets will be on
sale until they are sold out,
on a first-come, first serve
basis.
Student - faculty - staff bas
ketball tickets will go on sale
today at the Department of
Athletics ticket office on an
individual game basis for 75c
each. The tickets will be on
sale until they are sold out,
on a first-come, first serve
basis.
Student - faculty - staff bas
ketball tickets will go on sale
today at the Department of
Athletics ticket office on an
individual game basis for 75c
each. The tickets will be on
sale until they are sold out,
on a first-come, first serve
basis.
Student - faculty - staff bas
ketball tickets will go on sale
today at the Department of
Athletics ticket office on an
individual game basis for 75c
each. The tickets will be on
sale until they are sold out,
on a first-come, first serve
basis.
Student - faculty - staff bas
ketball tickets will go on sale
today at the Department of
Athletics ticket office on an
individual game basis for 75c
each. The tickets will be on
sale until they are sold out,
on a first-come, first serve
basis.
Student - faculty - staff bas
ketball tickets will go on sale
today at the Department of
Athletics ticket office on an
individual game basis for 75c
each. The tickets will be on
sale until they are sold out,
on a first-come, first serve
basis.
Student - faculty - staff bas
ketball tickets will go on sale
today at the Department of
Athletics ticket office on an
individual game basis for 75c
each. The tickets will be on
sale until they are sold out,
on a first-come, first serve
basis.
