# On Other Campi
## 
### Elna Rodenhouse 
Miss Mary Ann Mobley, Miss
America of 1959, visited the Uni
versity of Washington campus re
cently. Among other things, she
was asked about her feelings to
ward the pictures of the South as
painted by writers like Tennessee
Williams and William Faulkner.
Rather quickly she came back
with "Well, you know, the people
in the South believe that Faulk
ner does not wrahte about the
South, but about lahfe on a uni
versal scale."
"As for Mr. Williams," said she
with a sharp eye, "his work is
for the type of people he wrahtes
about."
* Vt tt *
Foresters at the University of
Minnesota were recently working
on an annual project — cruising
the area in search of top stock
from the forest.
Cruising (or "looking around in
the woods" in layman's language)
is ordinarily done every three
years, but due to the quality
stands of timber in the area, it is
desirable to cruise every year so
that more accurate records can
be compiled.
For classes the foresters found i
were:
Seedlings- non-merchantable.

Saplings— 21-18122.
Poles— 28-24-26.
Saw logs—3B-2G-3U (mature, the
ideal stand).
Over-mature stock—3B-31-38.
John Hall, one of the foresters,
explained that they were most in
terested in the mature saw logs.
Over mat ure stock should be har
vested or eliminated so the seed
lings or saplings will have a
chance for proper development,
he said.
Another forester said that he

viewed with suspicion the stand
which tends to be larger than the
standard deviation outside the
bark.
