# STILLMAN HOUSE
## 
### 
President, Sharon Riley; vice
president, Joyce Pugmire; secre
tary, Kiki Judd; treasurer, Nancy
Hinckley; social chairmen, Shar
on Adams, Carol Peck; committee
of eight, Sandy Sargeant; house
manager, Roth Johnson; junior
representative, Dale Clyde.
President, Sharon Riley; vice
president, Joyce Pugmire; secre
tary, Kiki Judd; treasurer, Nancy
Hinckley; social chairmen, Shar
on Adams, Carol Peck; committee
of eight, Sandy Sargeant; house
manager, Roth Johnson; junior
representative, Dale Clyde.
President, Sharon Riley; vice
president, Joyce Pugmire; secre
tary, Kiki Judd; treasurer, Nancy
Hinckley; social chairmen, Shar
on Adams, Carol Peck; committee
of eight, Sandy Sargeant; house
manager, Roth Johnson; junior
representative, Dale Clyde.
President, Sharon Riley; vice
president, Joyce Pugmire; secre
tary, Kiki Judd; treasurer, Nancy
Hinckley; social chairmen, Shar
on Adams, Carol Peck; committee
of eight, Sandy Sargeant; house
manager, Roth Johnson; junior
representative, Dale Clyde.
President, Sharon Riley; vice
president, Joyce Pugmire; secre
tary, Kiki Judd; treasurer, Nancy
Hinckley; social chairmen, Shar
on Adams, Carol Peck; committee
of eight, Sandy Sargeant; house
manager, Roth Johnson; junior
representative, Dale Clyde.
President, Sharon Riley; vice
president, Joyce Pugmire; secre
tary, Kiki Judd; treasurer, Nancy
Hinckley; social chairmen, Shar
on Adams, Carol Peck; committee
of eight, Sandy Sargeant; house
manager, Roth Johnson; junior
representative, Dale Clyde.
President, Sharon Riley; vice
president, Joyce Pugmire; secre
tary, Kiki Judd; treasurer, Nancy
Hinckley; social chairmen, Shar
on Adams, Carol Peck; committee
of eight, Sandy Sargeant; house
manager, Roth Johnson; junior
representative, Dale Clyde.
President, Sharon Riley; vice
president, Joyce Pugmire; secre
tary, Kiki Judd; treasurer, Nancy
Hinckley; social chairmen, Shar
on Adams, Carol Peck; committee
of eight, Sandy Sargeant; house
manager, Roth Johnson; junior
representative, Dale Clyde.
President, Sharon Riley; vice
president, Joyce Pugmire; secre
tary, Kiki Judd; treasurer, Nancy
Hinckley; social chairmen, Shar
on Adams, Carol Peck; committee
of eight, Sandy Sargeant; house
manager, Roth Johnson; junior
representative, Dale Clyde.
President, Sharon Riley; vice
president, Joyce Pugmire; secre
tary, Kiki Judd; treasurer, Nancy
Hinckley; social chairmen, Shar
on Adams, Carol Peck; committee
of eight, Sandy Sargeant; house
manager, Roth Johnson; junior
representative, Dale Clyde.
President, Sharon Riley; vice
president, Joyce Pugmire; secre
tary, Kiki Judd; treasurer, Nancy
Hinckley; social chairmen, Shar
on Adams, Carol Peck; committee
of eight, Sandy Sargeant; house
manager, Roth Johnson; junior
representative, Dale Clyde.
President, Sharon Riley; vice
president, Joyce Pugmire; secre
tary, Kiki Judd; treasurer, Nancy
Hinckley; social chairmen, Shar
on Adams, Carol Peck; committee
of eight, Sandy Sargeant; house
manager, Roth Johnson; junior
representative, Dale Clyde.
President, Sharon Riley; vice
president, Joyce Pugmire; secre
tary, Kiki Judd; treasurer, Nancy
Hinckley; social chairmen, Shar
on Adams, Carol Peck; committee
of eight, Sandy Sargeant; house
manager, Roth Johnson; junior
representative, Dale Clyde.
President, Sharon Riley; vice
president, Joyce Pugmire; secre
tary, Kiki Judd; treasurer, Nancy
Hinckley; social chairmen, Shar
on Adams, Carol Peck; committee
of eight, Sandy Sargeant; house
manager, Roth Johnson; junior
representative, Dale Clyde.
President, Sharon Riley; vice
president, Joyce Pugmire; secre
tary, Kiki Judd; treasurer, Nancy
Hinckley; social chairmen, Shar
on Adams, Carol Peck; committee
of eight, Sandy Sargeant; house
manager, Roth Johnson; junior
representative, Dale Clyde.
President, Sharon Riley; vice
president, Joyce Pugmire; secre
tary, Kiki Judd; treasurer, Nancy
Hinckley; social chairmen, Shar
on Adams, Carol Peck; committee
of eight, Sandy Sargeant; house
manager, Roth Johnson; junior
representative, Dale Clyde.
President, Sharon Riley; vice
president, Joyce Pugmire; secre
tary, Kiki Judd; treasurer, Nancy
Hinckley; social chairmen, Shar
on Adams, Carol Peck; committee
of eight, Sandy Sargeant; house
manager, Roth Johnson; junior
representative, Dale Clyde.
