# Cal Vet Officer On Campus Today
## 
### 
The field representative for the
California Veterans Educational
Program, C. G. Neal, will be on
campus today between 0 a.m. and
12 noon. Veterans may contact
him in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 102 J.
The field representative for the
California Veterans Educational
Program, C. G. Neal, will be on
campus today between 0 a.m. and
12 noon. Veterans may contact
him in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 102 J.
The field representative for the
California Veterans Educational
Program, C. G. Neal, will be on
campus today between 0 a.m. and
12 noon. Veterans may contact
him in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 102 J.
The field representative for the
California Veterans Educational
Program, C. G. Neal, will be on
campus today between 0 a.m. and
12 noon. Veterans may contact
him in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 102 J.
The field representative for the
California Veterans Educational
Program, C. G. Neal, will be on
campus today between 0 a.m. and
12 noon. Veterans may contact
him in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 102 J.
The field representative for the
California Veterans Educational
Program, C. G. Neal, will be on
campus today between 0 a.m. and
12 noon. Veterans may contact
him in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 102 J.
The field representative for the
California Veterans Educational
Program, C. G. Neal, will be on
campus today between 0 a.m. and
12 noon. Veterans may contact
him in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 102 J.
The field representative for the
California Veterans Educational
Program, C. G. Neal, will be on
campus today between 0 a.m. and
12 noon. Veterans may contact
him in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 102 J.
The field representative for the
California Veterans Educational
Program, C. G. Neal, will be on
campus today between 0 a.m. and
12 noon. Veterans may contact
him in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 102 J.
The field representative for the
California Veterans Educational
Program, C. G. Neal, will be on
campus today between 0 a.m. and
12 noon. Veterans may contact
him in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 102 J.
The field representative for the
California Veterans Educational
Program, C. G. Neal, will be on
campus today between 0 a.m. and
12 noon. Veterans may contact
him in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 102 J.
The field representative for the
California Veterans Educational
Program, C. G. Neal, will be on
campus today between 0 a.m. and
12 noon. Veterans may contact
him in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 102 J.
The field representative for the
California Veterans Educational
Program, C. G. Neal, will be on
campus today between 0 a.m. and
12 noon. Veterans may contact
him in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 102 J.
The field representative for the
California Veterans Educational
Program, C. G. Neal, will be on
campus today between 0 a.m. and
12 noon. Veterans may contact
him in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 102 J.
The field representative for the
California Veterans Educational
Program, C. G. Neal, will be on
campus today between 0 a.m. and
12 noon. Veterans may contact
him in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 102 J.
The field representative for the
California Veterans Educational
Program, C. G. Neal, will be on
campus today between 0 a.m. and
12 noon. Veterans may contact
him in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 102 J.
The field representative for the
California Veterans Educational
Program, C. G. Neal, will be on
campus today between 0 a.m. and
12 noon. Veterans may contact
him in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 102 J.
