# 10.000 FIND WORK
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Feb. 29. (/Pi -Toil
thousand more wage-earners were
reported back in jobs today by (he
United Action Group, seeking to
place a million persons in < mploy
ment.
NEW YORK, Feb. 29. (/Pi -Toil
thousand more wage-earners were
reported back in jobs today by (he
United Action Group, seeking to
place a million persons in < mploy
ment.
NEW YORK, Feb. 29. (/Pi -Toil
thousand more wage-earners were
reported back in jobs today by (he
United Action Group, seeking to
place a million persons in < mploy
ment.
NEW YORK, Feb. 29. (/Pi -Toil
thousand more wage-earners were
reported back in jobs today by (he
United Action Group, seeking to
place a million persons in < mploy
ment.
NEW YORK, Feb. 29. (/Pi -Toil
thousand more wage-earners were
reported back in jobs today by (he
United Action Group, seeking to
place a million persons in < mploy
ment.
NEW YORK, Feb. 29. (/Pi -Toil
thousand more wage-earners were
reported back in jobs today by (he
United Action Group, seeking to
place a million persons in < mploy
ment.
NEW YORK, Feb. 29. (/Pi -Toil
thousand more wage-earners were
reported back in jobs today by (he
United Action Group, seeking to
place a million persons in < mploy
ment.
NEW YORK, Feb. 29. (/Pi -Toil
thousand more wage-earners were
reported back in jobs today by (he
United Action Group, seeking to
place a million persons in < mploy
ment.
NEW YORK, Feb. 29. (/Pi -Toil
thousand more wage-earners were
reported back in jobs today by (he
United Action Group, seeking to
place a million persons in < mploy
ment.
NEW YORK, Feb. 29. (/Pi -Toil
thousand more wage-earners were
reported back in jobs today by (he
United Action Group, seeking to
place a million persons in < mploy
ment.
NEW YORK, Feb. 29. (/Pi -Toil
thousand more wage-earners were
reported back in jobs today by (he
United Action Group, seeking to
place a million persons in < mploy
ment.
NEW YORK, Feb. 29. (/Pi -Toil
thousand more wage-earners were
reported back in jobs today by (he
United Action Group, seeking to
place a million persons in < mploy
ment.
NEW YORK, Feb. 29. (/Pi -Toil
thousand more wage-earners were
reported back in jobs today by (he
United Action Group, seeking to
place a million persons in < mploy
ment.
NEW YORK, Feb. 29. (/Pi -Toil
thousand more wage-earners were
reported back in jobs today by (he
United Action Group, seeking to
place a million persons in < mploy
ment.
NEW YORK, Feb. 29. (/Pi -Toil
thousand more wage-earners were
reported back in jobs today by (he
United Action Group, seeking to
place a million persons in < mploy
ment.
