# HITCHCOCK PLAYS IN SYMPHONY CONCERT
## 
### 
A versatile program of Russian,
Danish, and German compositions
will be presented by the Stanford
Symphony Orchestra i nits quar
terly concert to be held in the
Auditorium Thursday evening,
March 3, at 8:20 o'clock. Admission
is open to the public and free of
charge.
Elena Hitchcock, 15-year-old gen
ius, will play Grieg's "Concerto in
A Minor" as a piano solo. The con
certo is a strange composite of
haunting melody and bold Viking
strains, creating an unusual emo
tional atmosphere.
"Caucasian Sketches" is an Ippo
litow-Iwanwow suite, a lovely com
position of four movements, depict
ing the grandeur in Russian moun
tain settlements. The echoing calls
of the shepherds, the formal music
of the paraders before the mosque,
and the soft melody of the hills are
all a part of the "Caucasian Sketch
es," written by a boy Who grew up
in the Russian palace as the son of
an employee.
As an answer to the critics' re
mark that he could not counter
point, Wagner wrote the Prelude to
"Meistersinger," weaving three com
pletely different strains combined
with expert skill. This will be
played by the orchestra only.
A versatile program of Russian,
Danish, and German compositions
will be presented by the Stanford
Symphony Orchestra i nits quar
terly concert to be held in the
Auditorium Thursday evening,
March 3, at 8:20 o'clock. Admission
is open to the public and free of
charge.
Elena Hitchcock, 15-year-old gen
ius, will play Grieg's "Concerto in
A Minor" as a piano solo. The con
certo is a strange composite of
haunting melody and bold Viking
strains, creating an unusual emo
tional atmosphere.
"Caucasian Sketches" is an Ippo
litow-Iwanwow suite, a lovely com
position of four movements, depict
ing the grandeur in Russian moun
tain settlements. The echoing calls
of the shepherds, the formal music
of the paraders before the mosque,
and the soft melody of the hills are
all a part of the "Caucasian Sketch
es," written by a boy Who grew up
in the Russian palace as the son of
an employee.
As an answer to the critics' re
mark that he could not counter
point, Wagner wrote the Prelude to
"Meistersinger," weaving three com
pletely different strains combined
with expert skill. This will be
played by the orchestra only.
A versatile program of Russian,
Danish, and German compositions
will be presented by the Stanford
Symphony Orchestra i nits quar
terly concert to be held in the
Auditorium Thursday evening,
March 3, at 8:20 o'clock. Admission
is open to the public and free of
charge.
Elena Hitchcock, 15-year-old gen
ius, will play Grieg's "Concerto in
A Minor" as a piano solo. The con
certo is a strange composite of
haunting melody and bold Viking
strains, creating an unusual emo
tional atmosphere.
"Caucasian Sketches" is an Ippo
litow-Iwanwow suite, a lovely com
position of four movements, depict
ing the grandeur in Russian moun
tain settlements. The echoing calls
of the shepherds, the formal music
of the paraders before the mosque,
and the soft melody of the hills are
all a part of the "Caucasian Sketch
es," written by a boy Who grew up
in the Russian palace as the son of
an employee.
As an answer to the critics' re
mark that he could not counter
point, Wagner wrote the Prelude to
"Meistersinger," weaving three com
pletely different strains combined
with expert skill. This will be
played by the orchestra only.
A versatile program of Russian,
Danish, and German compositions
will be presented by the Stanford
Symphony Orchestra i nits quar
terly concert to be held in the
Auditorium Thursday evening,
March 3, at 8:20 o'clock. Admission
is open to the public and free of
charge.
Elena Hitchcock, 15-year-old gen
ius, will play Grieg's "Concerto in
A Minor" as a piano solo. The con
certo is a strange composite of
haunting melody and bold Viking
strains, creating an unusual emo
tional atmosphere.
"Caucasian Sketches" is an Ippo
litow-Iwanwow suite, a lovely com
position of four movements, depict
ing the grandeur in Russian moun
tain settlements. The echoing calls
of the shepherds, the formal music
of the paraders before the mosque,
and the soft melody of the hills are
all a part of the "Caucasian Sketch
es," written by a boy Who grew up
in the Russian palace as the son of
an employee.
As an answer to the critics' re
mark that he could not counter
point, Wagner wrote the Prelude to
"Meistersinger," weaving three com
pletely different strains combined
with expert skill. This will be
played by the orchestra only.
A versatile program of Russian,
Danish, and German compositions
will be presented by the Stanford
Symphony Orchestra i nits quar
terly concert to be held in the
Auditorium Thursday evening,
March 3, at 8:20 o'clock. Admission
is open to the public and free of
charge.
Elena Hitchcock, 15-year-old gen
ius, will play Grieg's "Concerto in
A Minor" as a piano solo. The con
certo is a strange composite of
haunting melody and bold Viking
strains, creating an unusual emo
tional atmosphere.
"Caucasian Sketches" is an Ippo
litow-Iwanwow suite, a lovely com
position of four movements, depict
ing the grandeur in Russian moun
tain settlements. The echoing calls
of the shepherds, the formal music
of the paraders before the mosque,
and the soft melody of the hills are
all a part of the "Caucasian Sketch
es," written by a boy Who grew up
in the Russian palace as the son of
an employee.
As an answer to the critics' re
mark that he could not counter
point, Wagner wrote the Prelude to
"Meistersinger," weaving three com
pletely different strains combined
with expert skill. This will be
played by the orchestra only.
A versatile program of Russian,
Danish, and German compositions
will be presented by the Stanford
Symphony Orchestra i nits quar
terly concert to be held in the
Auditorium Thursday evening,
March 3, at 8:20 o'clock. Admission
is open to the public and free of
charge.
Elena Hitchcock, 15-year-old gen
ius, will play Grieg's "Concerto in
A Minor" as a piano solo. The con
certo is a strange composite of
haunting melody and bold Viking
strains, creating an unusual emo
tional atmosphere.
"Caucasian Sketches" is an Ippo
litow-Iwanwow suite, a lovely com
position of four movements, depict
ing the grandeur in Russian moun
tain settlements. The echoing calls
of the shepherds, the formal music
of the paraders before the mosque,
and the soft melody of the hills are
all a part of the "Caucasian Sketch
es," written by a boy Who grew up
in the Russian palace as the son of
an employee.
As an answer to the critics' re
mark that he could not counter
point, Wagner wrote the Prelude to
"Meistersinger," weaving three com
pletely different strains combined
with expert skill. This will be
played by the orchestra only.
A versatile program of Russian,
Danish, and German compositions
will be presented by the Stanford
Symphony Orchestra i nits quar
terly concert to be held in the
Auditorium Thursday evening,
March 3, at 8:20 o'clock. Admission
is open to the public and free of
charge.
Elena Hitchcock, 15-year-old gen
ius, will play Grieg's "Concerto in
A Minor" as a piano solo. The con
certo is a strange composite of
haunting melody and bold Viking
strains, creating an unusual emo
tional atmosphere.
"Caucasian Sketches" is an Ippo
litow-Iwanwow suite, a lovely com
position of four movements, depict
ing the grandeur in Russian moun
tain settlements. The echoing calls
of the shepherds, the formal music
of the paraders before the mosque,
and the soft melody of the hills are
all a part of the "Caucasian Sketch
es," written by a boy Who grew up
in the Russian palace as the son of
an employee.
As an answer to the critics' re
mark that he could not counter
point, Wagner wrote the Prelude to
"Meistersinger," weaving three com
pletely different strains combined
with expert skill. This will be
played by the orchestra only.
A versatile program of Russian,
Danish, and German compositions
will be presented by the Stanford
Symphony Orchestra i nits quar
terly concert to be held in the
Auditorium Thursday evening,
March 3, at 8:20 o'clock. Admission
is open to the public and free of
charge.
Elena Hitchcock, 15-year-old gen
ius, will play Grieg's "Concerto in
A Minor" as a piano solo. The con
certo is a strange composite of
haunting melody and bold Viking
strains, creating an unusual emo
tional atmosphere.
"Caucasian Sketches" is an Ippo
litow-Iwanwow suite, a lovely com
position of four movements, depict
ing the grandeur in Russian moun
tain settlements. The echoing calls
of the shepherds, the formal music
of the paraders before the mosque,
and the soft melody of the hills are
all a part of the "Caucasian Sketch
es," written by a boy Who grew up
in the Russian palace as the son of
an employee.
As an answer to the critics' re
mark that he could not counter
point, Wagner wrote the Prelude to
"Meistersinger," weaving three com
pletely different strains combined
with expert skill. This will be
played by the orchestra only.
A versatile program of Russian,
Danish, and German compositions
will be presented by the Stanford
Symphony Orchestra i nits quar
terly concert to be held in the
Auditorium Thursday evening,
March 3, at 8:20 o'clock. Admission
is open to the public and free of
charge.
Elena Hitchcock, 15-year-old gen
ius, will play Grieg's "Concerto in
A Minor" as a piano solo. The con
certo is a strange composite of
haunting melody and bold Viking
strains, creating an unusual emo
tional atmosphere.
"Caucasian Sketches" is an Ippo
litow-Iwanwow suite, a lovely com
position of four movements, depict
ing the grandeur in Russian moun
tain settlements. The echoing calls
of the shepherds, the formal music
of the paraders before the mosque,
and the soft melody of the hills are
all a part of the "Caucasian Sketch
es," written by a boy Who grew up
in the Russian palace as the son of
an employee.
As an answer to the critics' re
mark that he could not counter
point, Wagner wrote the Prelude to
"Meistersinger," weaving three com
pletely different strains combined
with expert skill. This will be
played by the orchestra only.
A versatile program of Russian,
Danish, and German compositions
will be presented by the Stanford
Symphony Orchestra i nits quar
terly concert to be held in the
Auditorium Thursday evening,
March 3, at 8:20 o'clock. Admission
is open to the public and free of
charge.
Elena Hitchcock, 15-year-old gen
ius, will play Grieg's "Concerto in
A Minor" as a piano solo. The con
certo is a strange composite of
haunting melody and bold Viking
strains, creating an unusual emo
tional atmosphere.
"Caucasian Sketches" is an Ippo
litow-Iwanwow suite, a lovely com
position of four movements, depict
ing the grandeur in Russian moun
tain settlements. The echoing calls
of the shepherds, the formal music
of the paraders before the mosque,
and the soft melody of the hills are
all a part of the "Caucasian Sketch
es," written by a boy Who grew up
in the Russian palace as the son of
an employee.
As an answer to the critics' re
mark that he could not counter
point, Wagner wrote the Prelude to
"Meistersinger," weaving three com
pletely different strains combined
with expert skill. This will be
played by the orchestra only.
A versatile program of Russian,
Danish, and German compositions
will be presented by the Stanford
Symphony Orchestra i nits quar
terly concert to be held in the
Auditorium Thursday evening,
March 3, at 8:20 o'clock. Admission
is open to the public and free of
charge.
Elena Hitchcock, 15-year-old gen
ius, will play Grieg's "Concerto in
A Minor" as a piano solo. The con
certo is a strange composite of
haunting melody and bold Viking
strains, creating an unusual emo
tional atmosphere.
"Caucasian Sketches" is an Ippo
litow-Iwanwow suite, a lovely com
position of four movements, depict
ing the grandeur in Russian moun
tain settlements. The echoing calls
of the shepherds, the formal music
of the paraders before the mosque,
and the soft melody of the hills are
all a part of the "Caucasian Sketch
es," written by a boy Who grew up
in the Russian palace as the son of
an employee.
As an answer to the critics' re
mark that he could not counter
point, Wagner wrote the Prelude to
"Meistersinger," weaving three com
pletely different strains combined
with expert skill. This will be
played by the orchestra only.
A versatile program of Russian,
Danish, and German compositions
will be presented by the Stanford
Symphony Orchestra i nits quar
terly concert to be held in the
Auditorium Thursday evening,
March 3, at 8:20 o'clock. Admission
is open to the public and free of
charge.
Elena Hitchcock, 15-year-old gen
ius, will play Grieg's "Concerto in
A Minor" as a piano solo. The con
certo is a strange composite of
haunting melody and bold Viking
strains, creating an unusual emo
tional atmosphere.
"Caucasian Sketches" is an Ippo
litow-Iwanwow suite, a lovely com
position of four movements, depict
ing the grandeur in Russian moun
tain settlements. The echoing calls
of the shepherds, the formal music
of the paraders before the mosque,
and the soft melody of the hills are
all a part of the "Caucasian Sketch
es," written by a boy Who grew up
in the Russian palace as the son of
an employee.
As an answer to the critics' re
mark that he could not counter
point, Wagner wrote the Prelude to
"Meistersinger," weaving three com
pletely different strains combined
with expert skill. This will be
played by the orchestra only.
A versatile program of Russian,
Danish, and German compositions
will be presented by the Stanford
Symphony Orchestra i nits quar
terly concert to be held in the
Auditorium Thursday evening,
March 3, at 8:20 o'clock. Admission
is open to the public and free of
charge.
Elena Hitchcock, 15-year-old gen
ius, will play Grieg's "Concerto in
A Minor" as a piano solo. The con
certo is a strange composite of
haunting melody and bold Viking
strains, creating an unusual emo
tional atmosphere.
"Caucasian Sketches" is an Ippo
litow-Iwanwow suite, a lovely com
position of four movements, depict
ing the grandeur in Russian moun
tain settlements. The echoing calls
of the shepherds, the formal music
of the paraders before the mosque,
and the soft melody of the hills are
all a part of the "Caucasian Sketch
es," written by a boy Who grew up
in the Russian palace as the son of
an employee.
As an answer to the critics' re
mark that he could not counter
point, Wagner wrote the Prelude to
"Meistersinger," weaving three com
pletely different strains combined
with expert skill. This will be
played by the orchestra only.
A versatile program of Russian,
Danish, and German compositions
will be presented by the Stanford
Symphony Orchestra i nits quar
terly concert to be held in the
Auditorium Thursday evening,
March 3, at 8:20 o'clock. Admission
is open to the public and free of
charge.
Elena Hitchcock, 15-year-old gen
ius, will play Grieg's "Concerto in
A Minor" as a piano solo. The con
certo is a strange composite of
haunting melody and bold Viking
strains, creating an unusual emo
tional atmosphere.
"Caucasian Sketches" is an Ippo
litow-Iwanwow suite, a lovely com
position of four movements, depict
ing the grandeur in Russian moun
tain settlements. The echoing calls
of the shepherds, the formal music
of the paraders before the mosque,
and the soft melody of the hills are
all a part of the "Caucasian Sketch
es," written by a boy Who grew up
in the Russian palace as the son of
an employee.
As an answer to the critics' re
mark that he could not counter
point, Wagner wrote the Prelude to
"Meistersinger," weaving three com
pletely different strains combined
with expert skill. This will be
played by the orchestra only.
A versatile program of Russian,
Danish, and German compositions
will be presented by the Stanford
Symphony Orchestra i nits quar
terly concert to be held in the
Auditorium Thursday evening,
March 3, at 8:20 o'clock. Admission
is open to the public and free of
charge.
Elena Hitchcock, 15-year-old gen
ius, will play Grieg's "Concerto in
A Minor" as a piano solo. The con
certo is a strange composite of
haunting melody and bold Viking
strains, creating an unusual emo
tional atmosphere.
"Caucasian Sketches" is an Ippo
litow-Iwanwow suite, a lovely com
position of four movements, depict
ing the grandeur in Russian moun
tain settlements. The echoing calls
of the shepherds, the formal music
of the paraders before the mosque,
and the soft melody of the hills are
all a part of the "Caucasian Sketch
es," written by a boy Who grew up
in the Russian palace as the son of
an employee.
As an answer to the critics' re
mark that he could not counter
point, Wagner wrote the Prelude to
"Meistersinger," weaving three com
pletely different strains combined
with expert skill. This will be
played by the orchestra only.
