# Eastern Skier Wins At Tahoe
## Second Place Awarded To Northwesterner 
### 
LAKE TAHOE, Feb. 29. (TP)â€”A
ski-winger invader from the East,
Anton Lekang, of the Norway Ski
Club, New York, soared to a cham
pionship crown in the A division
jumping contests of the National
Ski Association tournament here
today.
A flying, graceful figure against
the background of sentinel Sierra
peaks that guard the "Lake of the
Skies," Lekang scored 213 points to
win the coveted national champion
ship.
Second place in the championship
event went to John Elvrum, of the
Cascade Ski Club of Portland, Ore
gon, who was given 208.1 points by
the judges. Elvrum also made the
longest completed leap of the day
when his slender skis flashed to a
perfect landing 198 feet from the
take-off point.
