# NEWS SUMMARY
## 
### 
1. Tokyo is informed by Japa
nese consul that 100.000
Russian troops have been
massed near Vladivostok in
preparation for what is con
sidered in Russia to be an
inevitable conflict with Ja
pan.
2. Chinese infantrymen sweep
across Chapei section of
Shanghai, smash Japanese
defenses in surprise attack.
Japanese call on big guns
and recover most of ground
lost with a desperate coun
ter-attack.
'J. Chinese government at Nan
king decides to launch a
punitive expedition against
new Manchuria n-Mongolian
State established under Jap
anese auspices and to re
sume diplomatic relations
with Russia.
1. Tokyo is informed by Japa
nese consul that 100.000
Russian troops have been
massed near Vladivostok in
preparation for what is con
sidered in Russia to be an
inevitable conflict with Ja
pan.
2. Chinese infantrymen sweep
across Chapei section of
Shanghai, smash Japanese
defenses in surprise attack.
Japanese call on big guns
and recover most of ground
lost with a desperate coun
ter-attack.
'J. Chinese government at Nan
king decides to launch a
punitive expedition against
new Manchuria n-Mongolian
State established under Jap
anese auspices and to re
sume diplomatic relations
with Russia.
1. Tokyo is informed by Japa
nese consul that 100.000
Russian troops have been
massed near Vladivostok in
preparation for what is con
sidered in Russia to be an
inevitable conflict with Ja
pan.
2. Chinese infantrymen sweep
across Chapei section of
Shanghai, smash Japanese
defenses in surprise attack.
Japanese call on big guns
and recover most of ground
lost with a desperate coun
ter-attack.
'J. Chinese government at Nan
king decides to launch a
punitive expedition against
new Manchuria n-Mongolian
State established under Jap
anese auspices and to re
sume diplomatic relations
with Russia.
1. Tokyo is informed by Japa
nese consul that 100.000
Russian troops have been
massed near Vladivostok in
preparation for what is con
sidered in Russia to be an
inevitable conflict with Ja
pan.
2. Chinese infantrymen sweep
across Chapei section of
Shanghai, smash Japanese
defenses in surprise attack.
Japanese call on big guns
and recover most of ground
lost with a desperate coun
ter-attack.
'J. Chinese government at Nan
king decides to launch a
punitive expedition against
new Manchuria n-Mongolian
State established under Jap
anese auspices and to re
sume diplomatic relations
with Russia.
1. Tokyo is informed by Japa
nese consul that 100.000
Russian troops have been
massed near Vladivostok in
preparation for what is con
sidered in Russia to be an
inevitable conflict with Ja
pan.
2. Chinese infantrymen sweep
across Chapei section of
Shanghai, smash Japanese
defenses in surprise attack.
Japanese call on big guns
and recover most of ground
lost with a desperate coun
ter-attack.
'J. Chinese government at Nan
king decides to launch a
punitive expedition against
new Manchuria n-Mongolian
State established under Jap
anese auspices and to re
sume diplomatic relations
with Russia.
1. Tokyo is informed by Japa
nese consul that 100.000
Russian troops have been
massed near Vladivostok in
preparation for what is con
sidered in Russia to be an
inevitable conflict with Ja
pan.
2. Chinese infantrymen sweep
across Chapei section of
Shanghai, smash Japanese
defenses in surprise attack.
Japanese call on big guns
and recover most of ground
lost with a desperate coun
ter-attack.
'J. Chinese government at Nan
king decides to launch a
punitive expedition against
new Manchuria n-Mongolian
State established under Jap
anese auspices and to re
sume diplomatic relations
with Russia.
1. Tokyo is informed by Japa
nese consul that 100.000
Russian troops have been
massed near Vladivostok in
preparation for what is con
sidered in Russia to be an
inevitable conflict with Ja
pan.
2. Chinese infantrymen sweep
across Chapei section of
Shanghai, smash Japanese
defenses in surprise attack.
Japanese call on big guns
and recover most of ground
lost with a desperate coun
ter-attack.
'J. Chinese government at Nan
king decides to launch a
punitive expedition against
new Manchuria n-Mongolian
State established under Jap
anese auspices and to re
sume diplomatic relations
with Russia.
1. Tokyo is informed by Japa
nese consul that 100.000
Russian troops have been
massed near Vladivostok in
preparation for what is con
sidered in Russia to be an
inevitable conflict with Ja
pan.
2. Chinese infantrymen sweep
across Chapei section of
Shanghai, smash Japanese
defenses in surprise attack.
Japanese call on big guns
and recover most of ground
lost with a desperate coun
ter-attack.
'J. Chinese government at Nan
king decides to launch a
punitive expedition against
new Manchuria n-Mongolian
State established under Jap
anese auspices and to re
sume diplomatic relations
with Russia.
1. Tokyo is informed by Japa
nese consul that 100.000
Russian troops have been
massed near Vladivostok in
preparation for what is con
sidered in Russia to be an
inevitable conflict with Ja
pan.
2. Chinese infantrymen sweep
across Chapei section of
Shanghai, smash Japanese
defenses in surprise attack.
Japanese call on big guns
and recover most of ground
lost with a desperate coun
ter-attack.
'J. Chinese government at Nan
king decides to launch a
punitive expedition against
new Manchuria n-Mongolian
State established under Jap
anese auspices and to re
sume diplomatic relations
with Russia.
1. Tokyo is informed by Japa
nese consul that 100.000
Russian troops have been
massed near Vladivostok in
preparation for what is con
sidered in Russia to be an
inevitable conflict with Ja
pan.
2. Chinese infantrymen sweep
across Chapei section of
Shanghai, smash Japanese
defenses in surprise attack.
Japanese call on big guns
and recover most of ground
lost with a desperate coun
ter-attack.
'J. Chinese government at Nan
king decides to launch a
punitive expedition against
new Manchuria n-Mongolian
State established under Jap
anese auspices and to re
sume diplomatic relations
with Russia.
1. Tokyo is informed by Japa
nese consul that 100.000
Russian troops have been
massed near Vladivostok in
preparation for what is con
sidered in Russia to be an
inevitable conflict with Ja
pan.
2. Chinese infantrymen sweep
across Chapei section of
Shanghai, smash Japanese
defenses in surprise attack.
Japanese call on big guns
and recover most of ground
lost with a desperate coun
ter-attack.
'J. Chinese government at Nan
king decides to launch a
punitive expedition against
new Manchuria n-Mongolian
State established under Jap
anese auspices and to re
sume diplomatic relations
with Russia.
1. Tokyo is informed by Japa
nese consul that 100.000
Russian troops have been
massed near Vladivostok in
preparation for what is con
sidered in Russia to be an
inevitable conflict with Ja
pan.
2. Chinese infantrymen sweep
across Chapei section of
Shanghai, smash Japanese
defenses in surprise attack.
Japanese call on big guns
and recover most of ground
lost with a desperate coun
ter-attack.
'J. Chinese government at Nan
king decides to launch a
punitive expedition against
new Manchuria n-Mongolian
State established under Jap
anese auspices and to re
sume diplomatic relations
with Russia.
1. Tokyo is informed by Japa
nese consul that 100.000
Russian troops have been
massed near Vladivostok in
preparation for what is con
sidered in Russia to be an
inevitable conflict with Ja
pan.
2. Chinese infantrymen sweep
across Chapei section of
Shanghai, smash Japanese
defenses in surprise attack.
Japanese call on big guns
and recover most of ground
lost with a desperate coun
ter-attack.
'J. Chinese government at Nan
king decides to launch a
punitive expedition against
new Manchuria n-Mongolian
State established under Jap
anese auspices and to re
sume diplomatic relations
with Russia.
1. Tokyo is informed by Japa
nese consul that 100.000
Russian troops have been
massed near Vladivostok in
preparation for what is con
sidered in Russia to be an
inevitable conflict with Ja
pan.
2. Chinese infantrymen sweep
across Chapei section of
Shanghai, smash Japanese
defenses in surprise attack.
Japanese call on big guns
and recover most of ground
lost with a desperate coun
ter-attack.
'J. Chinese government at Nan
king decides to launch a
punitive expedition against
new Manchuria n-Mongolian
State established under Jap
anese auspices and to re
sume diplomatic relations
with Russia.
1. Tokyo is informed by Japa
nese consul that 100.000
Russian troops have been
massed near Vladivostok in
preparation for what is con
sidered in Russia to be an
inevitable conflict with Ja
pan.
2. Chinese infantrymen sweep
across Chapei section of
Shanghai, smash Japanese
defenses in surprise attack.
Japanese call on big guns
and recover most of ground
lost with a desperate coun
ter-attack.
'J. Chinese government at Nan
king decides to launch a
punitive expedition against
new Manchuria n-Mongolian
State established under Jap
anese auspices and to re
sume diplomatic relations
with Russia.
