# GEORGE MISSES FEAST
## 
### 
LONDON, Feb. 29. (/P)—Physi
cians have forbidden Premier Da
vid Lloyd George to attend a St.
Davids Day banquet in London to
morrow, due to the intense cold.
LONDON, Feb. 29. (/P)—Physi
cians have forbidden Premier Da
vid Lloyd George to attend a St.
Davids Day banquet in London to
morrow, due to the intense cold.
LONDON, Feb. 29. (/P)—Physi
cians have forbidden Premier Da
vid Lloyd George to attend a St.
Davids Day banquet in London to
morrow, due to the intense cold.
LONDON, Feb. 29. (/P)—Physi
cians have forbidden Premier Da
vid Lloyd George to attend a St.
Davids Day banquet in London to
morrow, due to the intense cold.
LONDON, Feb. 29. (/P)—Physi
cians have forbidden Premier Da
vid Lloyd George to attend a St.
Davids Day banquet in London to
morrow, due to the intense cold.
LONDON, Feb. 29. (/P)—Physi
cians have forbidden Premier Da
vid Lloyd George to attend a St.
Davids Day banquet in London to
morrow, due to the intense cold.
LONDON, Feb. 29. (/P)—Physi
cians have forbidden Premier Da
vid Lloyd George to attend a St.
Davids Day banquet in London to
morrow, due to the intense cold.
LONDON, Feb. 29. (/P)—Physi
cians have forbidden Premier Da
vid Lloyd George to attend a St.
Davids Day banquet in London to
morrow, due to the intense cold.
LONDON, Feb. 29. (/P)—Physi
cians have forbidden Premier Da
vid Lloyd George to attend a St.
Davids Day banquet in London to
morrow, due to the intense cold.
LONDON, Feb. 29. (/P)—Physi
cians have forbidden Premier Da
vid Lloyd George to attend a St.
Davids Day banquet in London to
morrow, due to the intense cold.
LONDON, Feb. 29. (/P)—Physi
cians have forbidden Premier Da
vid Lloyd George to attend a St.
Davids Day banquet in London to
morrow, due to the intense cold.
LONDON, Feb. 29. (/P)—Physi
cians have forbidden Premier Da
vid Lloyd George to attend a St.
Davids Day banquet in London to
morrow, due to the intense cold.
LONDON, Feb. 29. (/P)—Physi
cians have forbidden Premier Da
vid Lloyd George to attend a St.
Davids Day banquet in London to
morrow, due to the intense cold.
LONDON, Feb. 29. (/P)—Physi
cians have forbidden Premier Da
vid Lloyd George to attend a St.
Davids Day banquet in London to
morrow, due to the intense cold.
LONDON, Feb. 29. (/P)—Physi
cians have forbidden Premier Da
vid Lloyd George to attend a St.
Davids Day banquet in London to
morrow, due to the intense cold.
