# Tryouts Scheduled For Tennis Club
## 
### 
Tryouts for the Women's Tennis
Club are to be held tomorrow be
tween the hours of 2 and 4:30, Fri
day from 2 to 3. and next Tuesday
from 3 to 5.
All women wishing to try out at
those times are asked to sign the
list on the bulletin board in the
entrance hall of the Women's Gym.
Those unable to attend any of the
scheduled tryouts should call Betty
Little at Lagunita.
Tryouts for the Women's Tennis
Club are to be held tomorrow be
tween the hours of 2 and 4:30, Fri
day from 2 to 3. and next Tuesday
from 3 to 5.
All women wishing to try out at
those times are asked to sign the
list on the bulletin board in the
entrance hall of the Women's Gym.
Those unable to attend any of the
scheduled tryouts should call Betty
Little at Lagunita.
Tryouts for the Women's Tennis
Club are to be held tomorrow be
tween the hours of 2 and 4:30, Fri
day from 2 to 3. and next Tuesday
from 3 to 5.
All women wishing to try out at
those times are asked to sign the
list on the bulletin board in the
entrance hall of the Women's Gym.
Those unable to attend any of the
scheduled tryouts should call Betty
Little at Lagunita.
Tryouts for the Women's Tennis
Club are to be held tomorrow be
tween the hours of 2 and 4:30, Fri
day from 2 to 3. and next Tuesday
from 3 to 5.
All women wishing to try out at
those times are asked to sign the
list on the bulletin board in the
entrance hall of the Women's Gym.
Those unable to attend any of the
scheduled tryouts should call Betty
Little at Lagunita.
Tryouts for the Women's Tennis
Club are to be held tomorrow be
tween the hours of 2 and 4:30, Fri
day from 2 to 3. and next Tuesday
from 3 to 5.
All women wishing to try out at
those times are asked to sign the
list on the bulletin board in the
entrance hall of the Women's Gym.
Those unable to attend any of the
scheduled tryouts should call Betty
Little at Lagunita.
Tryouts for the Women's Tennis
Club are to be held tomorrow be
tween the hours of 2 and 4:30, Fri
day from 2 to 3. and next Tuesday
from 3 to 5.
All women wishing to try out at
those times are asked to sign the
list on the bulletin board in the
entrance hall of the Women's Gym.
Those unable to attend any of the
scheduled tryouts should call Betty
Little at Lagunita.
Tryouts for the Women's Tennis
Club are to be held tomorrow be
tween the hours of 2 and 4:30, Fri
day from 2 to 3. and next Tuesday
from 3 to 5.
All women wishing to try out at
those times are asked to sign the
list on the bulletin board in the
entrance hall of the Women's Gym.
Those unable to attend any of the
scheduled tryouts should call Betty
Little at Lagunita.
Tryouts for the Women's Tennis
Club are to be held tomorrow be
tween the hours of 2 and 4:30, Fri
day from 2 to 3. and next Tuesday
from 3 to 5.
All women wishing to try out at
those times are asked to sign the
list on the bulletin board in the
entrance hall of the Women's Gym.
Those unable to attend any of the
scheduled tryouts should call Betty
Little at Lagunita.
Tryouts for the Women's Tennis
Club are to be held tomorrow be
tween the hours of 2 and 4:30, Fri
day from 2 to 3. and next Tuesday
from 3 to 5.
All women wishing to try out at
those times are asked to sign the
list on the bulletin board in the
entrance hall of the Women's Gym.
Those unable to attend any of the
scheduled tryouts should call Betty
Little at Lagunita.
Tryouts for the Women's Tennis
Club are to be held tomorrow be
tween the hours of 2 and 4:30, Fri
day from 2 to 3. and next Tuesday
from 3 to 5.
All women wishing to try out at
those times are asked to sign the
list on the bulletin board in the
entrance hall of the Women's Gym.
Those unable to attend any of the
scheduled tryouts should call Betty
Little at Lagunita.
Tryouts for the Women's Tennis
Club are to be held tomorrow be
tween the hours of 2 and 4:30, Fri
day from 2 to 3. and next Tuesday
from 3 to 5.
All women wishing to try out at
those times are asked to sign the
list on the bulletin board in the
entrance hall of the Women's Gym.
Those unable to attend any of the
scheduled tryouts should call Betty
Little at Lagunita.
Tryouts for the Women's Tennis
Club are to be held tomorrow be
tween the hours of 2 and 4:30, Fri
day from 2 to 3. and next Tuesday
from 3 to 5.
All women wishing to try out at
those times are asked to sign the
list on the bulletin board in the
entrance hall of the Women's Gym.
Those unable to attend any of the
scheduled tryouts should call Betty
Little at Lagunita.
Tryouts for the Women's Tennis
Club are to be held tomorrow be
tween the hours of 2 and 4:30, Fri
day from 2 to 3. and next Tuesday
from 3 to 5.
All women wishing to try out at
those times are asked to sign the
list on the bulletin board in the
entrance hall of the Women's Gym.
Those unable to attend any of the
scheduled tryouts should call Betty
Little at Lagunita.
Tryouts for the Women's Tennis
Club are to be held tomorrow be
tween the hours of 2 and 4:30, Fri
day from 2 to 3. and next Tuesday
from 3 to 5.
All women wishing to try out at
those times are asked to sign the
list on the bulletin board in the
entrance hall of the Women's Gym.
Those unable to attend any of the
scheduled tryouts should call Betty
Little at Lagunita.
Tryouts for the Women's Tennis
Club are to be held tomorrow be
tween the hours of 2 and 4:30, Fri
day from 2 to 3. and next Tuesday
from 3 to 5.
All women wishing to try out at
those times are asked to sign the
list on the bulletin board in the
entrance hall of the Women's Gym.
Those unable to attend any of the
scheduled tryouts should call Betty
Little at Lagunita.
Tryouts for the Women's Tennis
Club are to be held tomorrow be
tween the hours of 2 and 4:30, Fri
day from 2 to 3. and next Tuesday
from 3 to 5.
All women wishing to try out at
those times are asked to sign the
list on the bulletin board in the
entrance hall of the Women's Gym.
Those unable to attend any of the
scheduled tryouts should call Betty
Little at Lagunita.
