# BREAKERS MEMBERS
## 
### 
Breakers announces the member
ship of Fred Ledeboer, '39; Bob
Loehr, '37, and Jack Barron, '39.
No rain has fallen in London on
the morning of March 16 for 51
years.
Breakers announces the member
ship of Fred Ledeboer, '39; Bob
Loehr, '37, and Jack Barron, '39.
No rain has fallen in London on
the morning of March 16 for 51
years.
Breakers announces the member
ship of Fred Ledeboer, '39; Bob
Loehr, '37, and Jack Barron, '39.
No rain has fallen in London on
the morning of March 16 for 51
years.
Breakers announces the member
ship of Fred Ledeboer, '39; Bob
Loehr, '37, and Jack Barron, '39.
No rain has fallen in London on
the morning of March 16 for 51
years.
Breakers announces the member
ship of Fred Ledeboer, '39; Bob
Loehr, '37, and Jack Barron, '39.
No rain has fallen in London on
the morning of March 16 for 51
years.
Breakers announces the member
ship of Fred Ledeboer, '39; Bob
Loehr, '37, and Jack Barron, '39.
No rain has fallen in London on
the morning of March 16 for 51
years.
Breakers announces the member
ship of Fred Ledeboer, '39; Bob
Loehr, '37, and Jack Barron, '39.
No rain has fallen in London on
the morning of March 16 for 51
years.
Breakers announces the member
ship of Fred Ledeboer, '39; Bob
Loehr, '37, and Jack Barron, '39.
No rain has fallen in London on
the morning of March 16 for 51
years.
Breakers announces the member
ship of Fred Ledeboer, '39; Bob
Loehr, '37, and Jack Barron, '39.
No rain has fallen in London on
the morning of March 16 for 51
years.
Breakers announces the member
ship of Fred Ledeboer, '39; Bob
Loehr, '37, and Jack Barron, '39.
No rain has fallen in London on
the morning of March 16 for 51
years.
Breakers announces the member
ship of Fred Ledeboer, '39; Bob
Loehr, '37, and Jack Barron, '39.
No rain has fallen in London on
the morning of March 16 for 51
years.
Breakers announces the member
ship of Fred Ledeboer, '39; Bob
Loehr, '37, and Jack Barron, '39.
No rain has fallen in London on
the morning of March 16 for 51
years.
Breakers announces the member
ship of Fred Ledeboer, '39; Bob
Loehr, '37, and Jack Barron, '39.
No rain has fallen in London on
the morning of March 16 for 51
years.
Breakers announces the member
ship of Fred Ledeboer, '39; Bob
Loehr, '37, and Jack Barron, '39.
No rain has fallen in London on
the morning of March 16 for 51
years.
Breakers announces the member
ship of Fred Ledeboer, '39; Bob
Loehr, '37, and Jack Barron, '39.
No rain has fallen in London on
the morning of March 16 for 51
years.
Breakers announces the member
ship of Fred Ledeboer, '39; Bob
Loehr, '37, and Jack Barron, '39.
No rain has fallen in London on
the morning of March 16 for 51
years.
