# F.R. SEES KROSS
## 
### 
LONG LAKE, Minn., Oct. 5. —A
fiery cross, associated with the Ku
Klux Kian, blazed near the railroad
right of way as President Roosevelt's
special train sped on its way to St.
Paul last night. The cross was nearly
five feet high, set on the highway
level a few feet above the railroad
tracks.

OAKLAND, Oct. 5 (UP)"—The case
against Ted Shaw, 51, Oakland, went
out the window today—literally. A
check, the sole evidence police had
against Shaw in a forgery case, was
lying on the district attorney's desk
in the cit yhall. A secretary opened
the office door. A draft picked up
the check, wafted it out of the open
window.
LONG LAKE, Minn., Oct. 5. —A
fiery cross, associated with the Ku
Klux Kian, blazed near the railroad
right of way as President Roosevelt's
special train sped on its way to St.
Paul last night. The cross was nearly
five feet high, set on the highway
level a few feet above the railroad
tracks.

OAKLAND, Oct. 5 (UP)"—The case
against Ted Shaw, 51, Oakland, went
out the window today—literally. A
check, the sole evidence police had
against Shaw in a forgery case, was
lying on the district attorney's desk
in the cit yhall. A secretary opened
the office door. A draft picked up
the check, wafted it out of the open
window.
LONG LAKE, Minn., Oct. 5. —A
fiery cross, associated with the Ku
Klux Kian, blazed near the railroad
right of way as President Roosevelt's
special train sped on its way to St.
Paul last night. The cross was nearly
five feet high, set on the highway
level a few feet above the railroad
tracks.

OAKLAND, Oct. 5 (UP)"—The case
against Ted Shaw, 51, Oakland, went
out the window today—literally. A
check, the sole evidence police had
against Shaw in a forgery case, was
lying on the district attorney's desk
in the cit yhall. A secretary opened
the office door. A draft picked up
the check, wafted it out of the open
window.
LONG LAKE, Minn., Oct. 5. —A
fiery cross, associated with the Ku
Klux Kian, blazed near the railroad
right of way as President Roosevelt's
special train sped on its way to St.
Paul last night. The cross was nearly
five feet high, set on the highway
level a few feet above the railroad
tracks.

OAKLAND, Oct. 5 (UP)"—The case
against Ted Shaw, 51, Oakland, went
out the window today—literally. A
check, the sole evidence police had
against Shaw in a forgery case, was
lying on the district attorney's desk
in the cit yhall. A secretary opened
the office door. A draft picked up
the check, wafted it out of the open
window.
LONG LAKE, Minn., Oct. 5. —A
fiery cross, associated with the Ku
Klux Kian, blazed near the railroad
right of way as President Roosevelt's
special train sped on its way to St.
Paul last night. The cross was nearly
five feet high, set on the highway
level a few feet above the railroad
tracks.

OAKLAND, Oct. 5 (UP)"—The case
against Ted Shaw, 51, Oakland, went
out the window today—literally. A
check, the sole evidence police had
against Shaw in a forgery case, was
lying on the district attorney's desk
in the cit yhall. A secretary opened
the office door. A draft picked up
the check, wafted it out of the open
window.
LONG LAKE, Minn., Oct. 5. —A
fiery cross, associated with the Ku
Klux Kian, blazed near the railroad
right of way as President Roosevelt's
special train sped on its way to St.
Paul last night. The cross was nearly
five feet high, set on the highway
level a few feet above the railroad
tracks.

OAKLAND, Oct. 5 (UP)"—The case
against Ted Shaw, 51, Oakland, went
out the window today—literally. A
check, the sole evidence police had
against Shaw in a forgery case, was
lying on the district attorney's desk
in the cit yhall. A secretary opened
the office door. A draft picked up
the check, wafted it out of the open
window.
LONG LAKE, Minn., Oct. 5. —A
fiery cross, associated with the Ku
Klux Kian, blazed near the railroad
right of way as President Roosevelt's
special train sped on its way to St.
Paul last night. The cross was nearly
five feet high, set on the highway
level a few feet above the railroad
tracks.

OAKLAND, Oct. 5 (UP)"—The case
against Ted Shaw, 51, Oakland, went
out the window today—literally. A
check, the sole evidence police had
against Shaw in a forgery case, was
lying on the district attorney's desk
in the cit yhall. A secretary opened
the office door. A draft picked up
the check, wafted it out of the open
window.
LONG LAKE, Minn., Oct. 5. —A
fiery cross, associated with the Ku
Klux Kian, blazed near the railroad
right of way as President Roosevelt's
special train sped on its way to St.
Paul last night. The cross was nearly
five feet high, set on the highway
level a few feet above the railroad
tracks.

OAKLAND, Oct. 5 (UP)"—The case
against Ted Shaw, 51, Oakland, went
out the window today—literally. A
check, the sole evidence police had
against Shaw in a forgery case, was
lying on the district attorney's desk
in the cit yhall. A secretary opened
the office door. A draft picked up
the check, wafted it out of the open
window.
LONG LAKE, Minn., Oct. 5. —A
fiery cross, associated with the Ku
Klux Kian, blazed near the railroad
right of way as President Roosevelt's
special train sped on its way to St.
Paul last night. The cross was nearly
five feet high, set on the highway
level a few feet above the railroad
tracks.

OAKLAND, Oct. 5 (UP)"—The case
against Ted Shaw, 51, Oakland, went
out the window today—literally. A
check, the sole evidence police had
against Shaw in a forgery case, was
lying on the district attorney's desk
in the cit yhall. A secretary opened
the office door. A draft picked up
the check, wafted it out of the open
window.
LONG LAKE, Minn., Oct. 5. —A
fiery cross, associated with the Ku
Klux Kian, blazed near the railroad
right of way as President Roosevelt's
special train sped on its way to St.
Paul last night. The cross was nearly
five feet high, set on the highway
level a few feet above the railroad
tracks.

OAKLAND, Oct. 5 (UP)"—The case
against Ted Shaw, 51, Oakland, went
out the window today—literally. A
check, the sole evidence police had
against Shaw in a forgery case, was
lying on the district attorney's desk
in the cit yhall. A secretary opened
the office door. A draft picked up
the check, wafted it out of the open
window.
LONG LAKE, Minn., Oct. 5. —A
fiery cross, associated with the Ku
Klux Kian, blazed near the railroad
right of way as President Roosevelt's
special train sped on its way to St.
Paul last night. The cross was nearly
five feet high, set on the highway
level a few feet above the railroad
tracks.

OAKLAND, Oct. 5 (UP)"—The case
against Ted Shaw, 51, Oakland, went
out the window today—literally. A
check, the sole evidence police had
against Shaw in a forgery case, was
lying on the district attorney's desk
in the cit yhall. A secretary opened
the office door. A draft picked up
the check, wafted it out of the open
window.
LONG LAKE, Minn., Oct. 5. —A
fiery cross, associated with the Ku
Klux Kian, blazed near the railroad
right of way as President Roosevelt's
special train sped on its way to St.
Paul last night. The cross was nearly
five feet high, set on the highway
level a few feet above the railroad
tracks.

OAKLAND, Oct. 5 (UP)"—The case
against Ted Shaw, 51, Oakland, went
out the window today—literally. A
check, the sole evidence police had
against Shaw in a forgery case, was
lying on the district attorney's desk
in the cit yhall. A secretary opened
the office door. A draft picked up
the check, wafted it out of the open
window.
LONG LAKE, Minn., Oct. 5. —A
fiery cross, associated with the Ku
Klux Kian, blazed near the railroad
right of way as President Roosevelt's
special train sped on its way to St.
Paul last night. The cross was nearly
five feet high, set on the highway
level a few feet above the railroad
tracks.

OAKLAND, Oct. 5 (UP)"—The case
against Ted Shaw, 51, Oakland, went
out the window today—literally. A
check, the sole evidence police had
against Shaw in a forgery case, was
lying on the district attorney's desk
in the cit yhall. A secretary opened
the office door. A draft picked up
the check, wafted it out of the open
window.
LONG LAKE, Minn., Oct. 5. —A
fiery cross, associated with the Ku
Klux Kian, blazed near the railroad
right of way as President Roosevelt's
special train sped on its way to St.
Paul last night. The cross was nearly
five feet high, set on the highway
level a few feet above the railroad
tracks.

OAKLAND, Oct. 5 (UP)"—The case
against Ted Shaw, 51, Oakland, went
out the window today—literally. A
check, the sole evidence police had
against Shaw in a forgery case, was
lying on the district attorney's desk
in the cit yhall. A secretary opened
the office door. A draft picked up
the check, wafted it out of the open
window.
LONG LAKE, Minn., Oct. 5. —A
fiery cross, associated with the Ku
Klux Kian, blazed near the railroad
right of way as President Roosevelt's
special train sped on its way to St.
Paul last night. The cross was nearly
five feet high, set on the highway
level a few feet above the railroad
tracks.

OAKLAND, Oct. 5 (UP)"—The case
against Ted Shaw, 51, Oakland, went
out the window today—literally. A
check, the sole evidence police had
against Shaw in a forgery case, was
lying on the district attorney's desk
in the cit yhall. A secretary opened
the office door. A draft picked up
the check, wafted it out of the open
window.
LONG LAKE, Minn., Oct. 5. —A
fiery cross, associated with the Ku
Klux Kian, blazed near the railroad
right of way as President Roosevelt's
special train sped on its way to St.
Paul last night. The cross was nearly
five feet high, set on the highway
level a few feet above the railroad
tracks.

OAKLAND, Oct. 5 (UP)"—The case
against Ted Shaw, 51, Oakland, went
out the window today—literally. A
check, the sole evidence police had
against Shaw in a forgery case, was
lying on the district attorney's desk
in the cit yhall. A secretary opened
the office door. A draft picked up
the check, wafted it out of the open
window.
