# Tryoutees Meet Tomorrow at 5
## 
### 
Daily tryoutees will meet tomor -
row at 5 o'clock in Room 100 for
their third lesson in campus news
paper work.
Lloyd Lapham, associate editor,
will speak to the tryoutees on
newswriting and headline writing,
fie will be preceded by Editor Gordy
Frost who will explain the aims of
the Daily. Frost was scheduled to
appear at a previous tryoutee meet
ing but was prevented from so doing
by a meeting of the Publications
Council.
As usual, the meeting tomorrow is
compulsory for all Daily tryoutees.
Any student who wishes to come out
for the Daily but who has been un
able to attend the two previous
meetings should see Margaret Loud,
women's editor, at the Daily office
this afternoon.
Daily tryoutees will meet tomor -
row at 5 o'clock in Room 100 for
their third lesson in campus news
paper work.
Lloyd Lapham, associate editor,
will speak to the tryoutees on
newswriting and headline writing,
fie will be preceded by Editor Gordy
Frost who will explain the aims of
the Daily. Frost was scheduled to
appear at a previous tryoutee meet
ing but was prevented from so doing
by a meeting of the Publications
Council.
As usual, the meeting tomorrow is
compulsory for all Daily tryoutees.
Any student who wishes to come out
for the Daily but who has been un
able to attend the two previous
meetings should see Margaret Loud,
women's editor, at the Daily office
this afternoon.
Daily tryoutees will meet tomor -
row at 5 o'clock in Room 100 for
their third lesson in campus news
paper work.
Lloyd Lapham, associate editor,
will speak to the tryoutees on
newswriting and headline writing,
fie will be preceded by Editor Gordy
Frost who will explain the aims of
the Daily. Frost was scheduled to
appear at a previous tryoutee meet
ing but was prevented from so doing
by a meeting of the Publications
Council.
As usual, the meeting tomorrow is
compulsory for all Daily tryoutees.
Any student who wishes to come out
for the Daily but who has been un
able to attend the two previous
meetings should see Margaret Loud,
women's editor, at the Daily office
this afternoon.
Daily tryoutees will meet tomor -
row at 5 o'clock in Room 100 for
their third lesson in campus news
paper work.
Lloyd Lapham, associate editor,
will speak to the tryoutees on
newswriting and headline writing,
fie will be preceded by Editor Gordy
Frost who will explain the aims of
the Daily. Frost was scheduled to
appear at a previous tryoutee meet
ing but was prevented from so doing
by a meeting of the Publications
Council.
As usual, the meeting tomorrow is
compulsory for all Daily tryoutees.
Any student who wishes to come out
for the Daily but who has been un
able to attend the two previous
meetings should see Margaret Loud,
women's editor, at the Daily office
this afternoon.
Daily tryoutees will meet tomor -
row at 5 o'clock in Room 100 for
their third lesson in campus news
paper work.
Lloyd Lapham, associate editor,
will speak to the tryoutees on
newswriting and headline writing,
fie will be preceded by Editor Gordy
Frost who will explain the aims of
the Daily. Frost was scheduled to
appear at a previous tryoutee meet
ing but was prevented from so doing
by a meeting of the Publications
Council.
As usual, the meeting tomorrow is
compulsory for all Daily tryoutees.
Any student who wishes to come out
for the Daily but who has been un
able to attend the two previous
meetings should see Margaret Loud,
women's editor, at the Daily office
this afternoon.
Daily tryoutees will meet tomor -
row at 5 o'clock in Room 100 for
their third lesson in campus news
paper work.
Lloyd Lapham, associate editor,
will speak to the tryoutees on
newswriting and headline writing,
fie will be preceded by Editor Gordy
Frost who will explain the aims of
the Daily. Frost was scheduled to
appear at a previous tryoutee meet
ing but was prevented from so doing
by a meeting of the Publications
Council.
As usual, the meeting tomorrow is
compulsory for all Daily tryoutees.
Any student who wishes to come out
for the Daily but who has been un
able to attend the two previous
meetings should see Margaret Loud,
women's editor, at the Daily office
this afternoon.
Daily tryoutees will meet tomor -
row at 5 o'clock in Room 100 for
their third lesson in campus news
paper work.
Lloyd Lapham, associate editor,
will speak to the tryoutees on
newswriting and headline writing,
fie will be preceded by Editor Gordy
Frost who will explain the aims of
the Daily. Frost was scheduled to
appear at a previous tryoutee meet
ing but was prevented from so doing
by a meeting of the Publications
Council.
As usual, the meeting tomorrow is
compulsory for all Daily tryoutees.
Any student who wishes to come out
for the Daily but who has been un
able to attend the two previous
meetings should see Margaret Loud,
women's editor, at the Daily office
this afternoon.
Daily tryoutees will meet tomor -
row at 5 o'clock in Room 100 for
their third lesson in campus news
paper work.
Lloyd Lapham, associate editor,
will speak to the tryoutees on
newswriting and headline writing,
fie will be preceded by Editor Gordy
Frost who will explain the aims of
the Daily. Frost was scheduled to
appear at a previous tryoutee meet
ing but was prevented from so doing
by a meeting of the Publications
Council.
As usual, the meeting tomorrow is
compulsory for all Daily tryoutees.
Any student who wishes to come out
for the Daily but who has been un
able to attend the two previous
meetings should see Margaret Loud,
women's editor, at the Daily office
this afternoon.
Daily tryoutees will meet tomor -
row at 5 o'clock in Room 100 for
their third lesson in campus news
paper work.
Lloyd Lapham, associate editor,
will speak to the tryoutees on
newswriting and headline writing,
fie will be preceded by Editor Gordy
Frost who will explain the aims of
the Daily. Frost was scheduled to
appear at a previous tryoutee meet
ing but was prevented from so doing
by a meeting of the Publications
Council.
As usual, the meeting tomorrow is
compulsory for all Daily tryoutees.
Any student who wishes to come out
for the Daily but who has been un
able to attend the two previous
meetings should see Margaret Loud,
women's editor, at the Daily office
this afternoon.
Daily tryoutees will meet tomor -
row at 5 o'clock in Room 100 for
their third lesson in campus news
paper work.
Lloyd Lapham, associate editor,
will speak to the tryoutees on
newswriting and headline writing,
fie will be preceded by Editor Gordy
Frost who will explain the aims of
the Daily. Frost was scheduled to
appear at a previous tryoutee meet
ing but was prevented from so doing
by a meeting of the Publications
Council.
As usual, the meeting tomorrow is
compulsory for all Daily tryoutees.
Any student who wishes to come out
for the Daily but who has been un
able to attend the two previous
meetings should see Margaret Loud,
women's editor, at the Daily office
this afternoon.
Daily tryoutees will meet tomor -
row at 5 o'clock in Room 100 for
their third lesson in campus news
paper work.
Lloyd Lapham, associate editor,
will speak to the tryoutees on
newswriting and headline writing,
fie will be preceded by Editor Gordy
Frost who will explain the aims of
the Daily. Frost was scheduled to
appear at a previous tryoutee meet
ing but was prevented from so doing
by a meeting of the Publications
Council.
As usual, the meeting tomorrow is
compulsory for all Daily tryoutees.
Any student who wishes to come out
for the Daily but who has been un
able to attend the two previous
meetings should see Margaret Loud,
women's editor, at the Daily office
this afternoon.
Daily tryoutees will meet tomor -
row at 5 o'clock in Room 100 for
their third lesson in campus news
paper work.
Lloyd Lapham, associate editor,
will speak to the tryoutees on
newswriting and headline writing,
fie will be preceded by Editor Gordy
Frost who will explain the aims of
the Daily. Frost was scheduled to
appear at a previous tryoutee meet
ing but was prevented from so doing
by a meeting of the Publications
Council.
As usual, the meeting tomorrow is
compulsory for all Daily tryoutees.
Any student who wishes to come out
for the Daily but who has been un
able to attend the two previous
meetings should see Margaret Loud,
women's editor, at the Daily office
this afternoon.
Daily tryoutees will meet tomor -
row at 5 o'clock in Room 100 for
their third lesson in campus news
paper work.
Lloyd Lapham, associate editor,
will speak to the tryoutees on
newswriting and headline writing,
fie will be preceded by Editor Gordy
Frost who will explain the aims of
the Daily. Frost was scheduled to
appear at a previous tryoutee meet
ing but was prevented from so doing
by a meeting of the Publications
Council.
As usual, the meeting tomorrow is
compulsory for all Daily tryoutees.
Any student who wishes to come out
for the Daily but who has been un
able to attend the two previous
meetings should see Margaret Loud,
women's editor, at the Daily office
this afternoon.
Daily tryoutees will meet tomor -
row at 5 o'clock in Room 100 for
their third lesson in campus news
paper work.
Lloyd Lapham, associate editor,
will speak to the tryoutees on
newswriting and headline writing,
fie will be preceded by Editor Gordy
Frost who will explain the aims of
the Daily. Frost was scheduled to
appear at a previous tryoutee meet
ing but was prevented from so doing
by a meeting of the Publications
Council.
As usual, the meeting tomorrow is
compulsory for all Daily tryoutees.
Any student who wishes to come out
for the Daily but who has been un
able to attend the two previous
meetings should see Margaret Loud,
women's editor, at the Daily office
this afternoon.
Daily tryoutees will meet tomor -
row at 5 o'clock in Room 100 for
their third lesson in campus news
paper work.
Lloyd Lapham, associate editor,
will speak to the tryoutees on
newswriting and headline writing,
fie will be preceded by Editor Gordy
Frost who will explain the aims of
the Daily. Frost was scheduled to
appear at a previous tryoutee meet
ing but was prevented from so doing
by a meeting of the Publications
Council.
As usual, the meeting tomorrow is
compulsory for all Daily tryoutees.
Any student who wishes to come out
for the Daily but who has been un
able to attend the two previous
meetings should see Margaret Loud,
women's editor, at the Daily office
this afternoon.
Daily tryoutees will meet tomor -
row at 5 o'clock in Room 100 for
their third lesson in campus news
paper work.
Lloyd Lapham, associate editor,
will speak to the tryoutees on
newswriting and headline writing,
fie will be preceded by Editor Gordy
Frost who will explain the aims of
the Daily. Frost was scheduled to
appear at a previous tryoutee meet
ing but was prevented from so doing
by a meeting of the Publications
Council.
As usual, the meeting tomorrow is
compulsory for all Daily tryoutees.
Any student who wishes to come out
for the Daily but who has been un
able to attend the two previous
meetings should see Margaret Loud,
women's editor, at the Daily office
this afternoon.
