# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Get into
Baseball's got it together to
play San Jose State tonight.
Sports, page 7

the groove
Women's lacrosse was in the
groove, winninti the Final Four.
Sports, page 7


Get into
Baseball's got it together to
play San Jose State tonight.
Sports, page 7

the groove
Women's lacrosse was in the
groove, winninti the Final Four.
Sports, page 7


Get into
Baseball's got it together to
play San Jose State tonight.
Sports, page 7

the groove
Women's lacrosse was in the
groove, winninti the Final Four.
Sports, page 7


Get into
Baseball's got it together to
play San Jose State tonight.
Sports, page 7

the groove
Women's lacrosse was in the
groove, winninti the Final Four.
Sports, page 7


Get into
Baseball's got it together to
play San Jose State tonight.
Sports, page 7

the groove
Women's lacrosse was in the
groove, winninti the Final Four.
Sports, page 7


