# Singles Tryouts to Begin To-morrow.
## 
### 
The third place in the "round-robin"
contest to determine first and second
place on the intercollegiate singles
team has been won by H. S. Morgan,
'12, who defeated H. iVlann, '10, in
threr> diifereat matches plajed this
week. The two other contestants are
A. ,!. Gowan, '09, and E. Jordan, gr.
fhese two men have also heen selected
for the doubles team and 3uch worthy
representatives are likely to give the
Long brothers a hard light for the
victory.
The " round-robin" contest will com
mence to-morrow when the Morgan-
Cowan match will be played. On
Saturday matche3 will lie played be
tween Gowan and Jordan, and Jordan
and Morgan. The men are all in
ood i'ondition and vhs excellent prac
tise received while on the Ojai trip
assure.; some fast contests in this
tournament.
The third place in the "round-robin"
contest to determine first and second
place on the intercollegiate singles
team has been won by H. S. Morgan,
'12, who defeated H. iVlann, '10, in
threr> diifereat matches plajed this
week. The two other contestants are
A. ,!. Gowan, '09, and E. Jordan, gr.
fhese two men have also heen selected
for the doubles team and 3uch worthy
representatives are likely to give the
Long brothers a hard light for the
victory.
The " round-robin" contest will com
mence to-morrow when the Morgan-
Cowan match will be played. On
Saturday matche3 will lie played be
tween Gowan and Jordan, and Jordan
and Morgan. The men are all in
ood i'ondition and vhs excellent prac
tise received while on the Ojai trip
assure.; some fast contests in this
tournament.
The third place in the "round-robin"
contest to determine first and second
place on the intercollegiate singles
team has been won by H. S. Morgan,
'12, who defeated H. iVlann, '10, in
threr> diifereat matches plajed this
week. The two other contestants are
A. ,!. Gowan, '09, and E. Jordan, gr.
fhese two men have also heen selected
for the doubles team and 3uch worthy
representatives are likely to give the
Long brothers a hard light for the
victory.
The " round-robin" contest will com
mence to-morrow when the Morgan-
Cowan match will be played. On
Saturday matche3 will lie played be
tween Gowan and Jordan, and Jordan
and Morgan. The men are all in
ood i'ondition and vhs excellent prac
tise received while on the Ojai trip
assure.; some fast contests in this
tournament.
The third place in the "round-robin"
contest to determine first and second
place on the intercollegiate singles
team has been won by H. S. Morgan,
'12, who defeated H. iVlann, '10, in
threr> diifereat matches plajed this
week. The two other contestants are
A. ,!. Gowan, '09, and E. Jordan, gr.
fhese two men have also heen selected
for the doubles team and 3uch worthy
representatives are likely to give the
Long brothers a hard light for the
victory.
The " round-robin" contest will com
mence to-morrow when the Morgan-
Cowan match will be played. On
Saturday matche3 will lie played be
tween Gowan and Jordan, and Jordan
and Morgan. The men are all in
ood i'ondition and vhs excellent prac
tise received while on the Ojai trip
assure.; some fast contests in this
tournament.
The third place in the "round-robin"
contest to determine first and second
place on the intercollegiate singles
team has been won by H. S. Morgan,
'12, who defeated H. iVlann, '10, in
threr> diifereat matches plajed this
week. The two other contestants are
A. ,!. Gowan, '09, and E. Jordan, gr.
fhese two men have also heen selected
for the doubles team and 3uch worthy
representatives are likely to give the
Long brothers a hard light for the
victory.
The " round-robin" contest will com
mence to-morrow when the Morgan-
Cowan match will be played. On
Saturday matche3 will lie played be
tween Gowan and Jordan, and Jordan
and Morgan. The men are all in
ood i'ondition and vhs excellent prac
tise received while on the Ojai trip
assure.; some fast contests in this
tournament.
The third place in the "round-robin"
contest to determine first and second
place on the intercollegiate singles
team has been won by H. S. Morgan,
'12, who defeated H. iVlann, '10, in
threr> diifereat matches plajed this
week. The two other contestants are
A. ,!. Gowan, '09, and E. Jordan, gr.
fhese two men have also heen selected
for the doubles team and 3uch worthy
representatives are likely to give the
Long brothers a hard light for the
victory.
The " round-robin" contest will com
mence to-morrow when the Morgan-
Cowan match will be played. On
Saturday matche3 will lie played be
tween Gowan and Jordan, and Jordan
and Morgan. The men are all in
ood i'ondition and vhs excellent prac
tise received while on the Ojai trip
assure.; some fast contests in this
tournament.
The third place in the "round-robin"
contest to determine first and second
place on the intercollegiate singles
team has been won by H. S. Morgan,
'12, who defeated H. iVlann, '10, in
threr> diifereat matches plajed this
week. The two other contestants are
A. ,!. Gowan, '09, and E. Jordan, gr.
fhese two men have also heen selected
for the doubles team and 3uch worthy
representatives are likely to give the
Long brothers a hard light for the
victory.
The " round-robin" contest will com
mence to-morrow when the Morgan-
Cowan match will be played. On
Saturday matche3 will lie played be
tween Gowan and Jordan, and Jordan
and Morgan. The men are all in
ood i'ondition and vhs excellent prac
tise received while on the Ojai trip
assure.; some fast contests in this
tournament.
The third place in the "round-robin"
contest to determine first and second
place on the intercollegiate singles
team has been won by H. S. Morgan,
'12, who defeated H. iVlann, '10, in
threr> diifereat matches plajed this
week. The two other contestants are
A. ,!. Gowan, '09, and E. Jordan, gr.
fhese two men have also heen selected
for the doubles team and 3uch worthy
representatives are likely to give the
Long brothers a hard light for the
victory.
The " round-robin" contest will com
mence to-morrow when the Morgan-
Cowan match will be played. On
Saturday matche3 will lie played be
tween Gowan and Jordan, and Jordan
and Morgan. The men are all in
ood i'ondition and vhs excellent prac
tise received while on the Ojai trip
assure.; some fast contests in this
tournament.
The third place in the "round-robin"
contest to determine first and second
place on the intercollegiate singles
team has been won by H. S. Morgan,
'12, who defeated H. iVlann, '10, in
threr> diifereat matches plajed this
week. The two other contestants are
A. ,!. Gowan, '09, and E. Jordan, gr.
fhese two men have also heen selected
for the doubles team and 3uch worthy
representatives are likely to give the
Long brothers a hard light for the
victory.
The " round-robin" contest will com
mence to-morrow when the Morgan-
Cowan match will be played. On
Saturday matche3 will lie played be
tween Gowan and Jordan, and Jordan
and Morgan. The men are all in
ood i'ondition and vhs excellent prac
tise received while on the Ojai trip
assure.; some fast contests in this
tournament.
The third place in the "round-robin"
contest to determine first and second
place on the intercollegiate singles
team has been won by H. S. Morgan,
'12, who defeated H. iVlann, '10, in
threr> diifereat matches plajed this
week. The two other contestants are
A. ,!. Gowan, '09, and E. Jordan, gr.
fhese two men have also heen selected
for the doubles team and 3uch worthy
representatives are likely to give the
Long brothers a hard light for the
victory.
The " round-robin" contest will com
mence to-morrow when the Morgan-
Cowan match will be played. On
Saturday matche3 will lie played be
tween Gowan and Jordan, and Jordan
and Morgan. The men are all in
ood i'ondition and vhs excellent prac
tise received while on the Ojai trip
assure.; some fast contests in this
tournament.
