# Will Play Lacrosse Saturday.
## 
### 
The first game of lacrosse of (his
semester will le played Saturday
morning at 10:45 on (he old oval.
Teams I'roru the 11:15 and 5 o'clock
gymnasium classes will contest for
supremacy. The teams have been
practising regularly and have a fair
knowledge of (he Canadian spor(. so
a good game should result. .1. H.
Wiggins. '10 will act as referee.
The first game of lacrosse of (his
semester will le played Saturday
morning at 10:45 on (he old oval.
Teams I'roru the 11:15 and 5 o'clock
gymnasium classes will contest for
supremacy. The teams have been
practising regularly and have a fair
knowledge of (he Canadian spor(. so
a good game should result. .1. H.
Wiggins. '10 will act as referee.
The first game of lacrosse of (his
semester will le played Saturday
morning at 10:45 on (he old oval.
Teams I'roru the 11:15 and 5 o'clock
gymnasium classes will contest for
supremacy. The teams have been
practising regularly and have a fair
knowledge of (he Canadian spor(. so
a good game should result. .1. H.
Wiggins. '10 will act as referee.
The first game of lacrosse of (his
semester will le played Saturday
morning at 10:45 on (he old oval.
Teams I'roru the 11:15 and 5 o'clock
gymnasium classes will contest for
supremacy. The teams have been
practising regularly and have a fair
knowledge of (he Canadian spor(. so
a good game should result. .1. H.
Wiggins. '10 will act as referee.
The first game of lacrosse of (his
semester will le played Saturday
morning at 10:45 on (he old oval.
Teams I'roru the 11:15 and 5 o'clock
gymnasium classes will contest for
supremacy. The teams have been
practising regularly and have a fair
knowledge of (he Canadian spor(. so
a good game should result. .1. H.
Wiggins. '10 will act as referee.
The first game of lacrosse of (his
semester will le played Saturday
morning at 10:45 on (he old oval.
Teams I'roru the 11:15 and 5 o'clock
gymnasium classes will contest for
supremacy. The teams have been
practising regularly and have a fair
knowledge of (he Canadian spor(. so
a good game should result. .1. H.
Wiggins. '10 will act as referee.
The first game of lacrosse of (his
semester will le played Saturday
morning at 10:45 on (he old oval.
Teams I'roru the 11:15 and 5 o'clock
gymnasium classes will contest for
supremacy. The teams have been
practising regularly and have a fair
knowledge of (he Canadian spor(. so
a good game should result. .1. H.
Wiggins. '10 will act as referee.
The first game of lacrosse of (his
semester will le played Saturday
morning at 10:45 on (he old oval.
Teams I'roru the 11:15 and 5 o'clock
gymnasium classes will contest for
supremacy. The teams have been
practising regularly and have a fair
knowledge of (he Canadian spor(. so
a good game should result. .1. H.
Wiggins. '10 will act as referee.
The first game of lacrosse of (his
semester will le played Saturday
morning at 10:45 on (he old oval.
Teams I'roru the 11:15 and 5 o'clock
gymnasium classes will contest for
supremacy. The teams have been
practising regularly and have a fair
knowledge of (he Canadian spor(. so
a good game should result. .1. H.
Wiggins. '10 will act as referee.
The first game of lacrosse of (his
semester will le played Saturday
morning at 10:45 on (he old oval.
Teams I'roru the 11:15 and 5 o'clock
gymnasium classes will contest for
supremacy. The teams have been
practising regularly and have a fair
knowledge of (he Canadian spor(. so
a good game should result. .1. H.
Wiggins. '10 will act as referee.
