# Religious Notices
## CANDLELIGHT SERVICE 
### 
The Candlelight Service will be
held in the Memorial Church to
night at 9. This is a student-con
ducted service of prayer and medi
tation.
The Candlelight Service will be
held in the Memorial Church to
night at 9. This is a student-con
ducted service of prayer and medi
tation.
The Candlelight Service will be
held in the Memorial Church to
night at 9. This is a student-con
ducted service of prayer and medi
tation.
The Candlelight Service will be
held in the Memorial Church to
night at 9. This is a student-con
ducted service of prayer and medi
tation.
The Candlelight Service will be
held in the Memorial Church to
night at 9. This is a student-con
ducted service of prayer and medi
tation.
The Candlelight Service will be
held in the Memorial Church to
night at 9. This is a student-con
ducted service of prayer and medi
tation.
The Candlelight Service will be
held in the Memorial Church to
night at 9. This is a student-con
ducted service of prayer and medi
tation.
The Candlelight Service will be
held in the Memorial Church to
night at 9. This is a student-con
ducted service of prayer and medi
tation.
The Candlelight Service will be
held in the Memorial Church to
night at 9. This is a student-con
ducted service of prayer and medi
tation.
The Candlelight Service will be
held in the Memorial Church to
night at 9. This is a student-con
ducted service of prayer and medi
tation.
The Candlelight Service will be
held in the Memorial Church to
night at 9. This is a student-con
ducted service of prayer and medi
tation.
The Candlelight Service will be
held in the Memorial Church to
night at 9. This is a student-con
ducted service of prayer and medi
tation.
The Candlelight Service will be
held in the Memorial Church to
night at 9. This is a student-con
ducted service of prayer and medi
tation.
The Candlelight Service will be
held in the Memorial Church to
night at 9. This is a student-con
ducted service of prayer and medi
tation.
