# New Discussion Groups to Meet
## 
### 
Three new student luncheon
discussion groups made up of
foreign and American students
will meet weekly at the Interna
tional Center this quarter. Dis
cussions will be on such subjects
as "America's Foreign Policy,"
"Democracy in Underdeveloped
Countries," "Conceptions of Fam
ily Life ... as seen by an Euro
pean, an Indian, and an Ameri
can," etc.
Each group will be composed
of 12 students and will meet one
noon hour each week at the"I"
Center. A 35 cent lunch will be
served. Sign ups are in Ihe ASSU
Nitery, at the lIR Shack, and at
the"I" Center.
Three new student luncheon
discussion groups made up of
foreign and American students
will meet weekly at the Interna
tional Center this quarter. Dis
cussions will be on such subjects
as "America's Foreign Policy,"
"Democracy in Underdeveloped
Countries," "Conceptions of Fam
ily Life ... as seen by an Euro
pean, an Indian, and an Ameri
can," etc.
Each group will be composed
of 12 students and will meet one
noon hour each week at the"I"
Center. A 35 cent lunch will be
served. Sign ups are in Ihe ASSU
Nitery, at the lIR Shack, and at
the"I" Center.
Three new student luncheon
discussion groups made up of
foreign and American students
will meet weekly at the Interna
tional Center this quarter. Dis
cussions will be on such subjects
as "America's Foreign Policy,"
"Democracy in Underdeveloped
Countries," "Conceptions of Fam
ily Life ... as seen by an Euro
pean, an Indian, and an Ameri
can," etc.
Each group will be composed
of 12 students and will meet one
noon hour each week at the"I"
Center. A 35 cent lunch will be
served. Sign ups are in Ihe ASSU
Nitery, at the lIR Shack, and at
the"I" Center.
Three new student luncheon
discussion groups made up of
foreign and American students
will meet weekly at the Interna
tional Center this quarter. Dis
cussions will be on such subjects
as "America's Foreign Policy,"
"Democracy in Underdeveloped
Countries," "Conceptions of Fam
ily Life ... as seen by an Euro
pean, an Indian, and an Ameri
can," etc.
Each group will be composed
of 12 students and will meet one
noon hour each week at the"I"
Center. A 35 cent lunch will be
served. Sign ups are in Ihe ASSU
Nitery, at the lIR Shack, and at
the"I" Center.
Three new student luncheon
discussion groups made up of
foreign and American students
will meet weekly at the Interna
tional Center this quarter. Dis
cussions will be on such subjects
as "America's Foreign Policy,"
"Democracy in Underdeveloped
Countries," "Conceptions of Fam
ily Life ... as seen by an Euro
pean, an Indian, and an Ameri
can," etc.
Each group will be composed
of 12 students and will meet one
noon hour each week at the"I"
Center. A 35 cent lunch will be
served. Sign ups are in Ihe ASSU
Nitery, at the lIR Shack, and at
the"I" Center.
Three new student luncheon
discussion groups made up of
foreign and American students
will meet weekly at the Interna
tional Center this quarter. Dis
cussions will be on such subjects
as "America's Foreign Policy,"
"Democracy in Underdeveloped
Countries," "Conceptions of Fam
ily Life ... as seen by an Euro
pean, an Indian, and an Ameri
can," etc.
Each group will be composed
of 12 students and will meet one
noon hour each week at the"I"
Center. A 35 cent lunch will be
served. Sign ups are in Ihe ASSU
Nitery, at the lIR Shack, and at
the"I" Center.
Three new student luncheon
discussion groups made up of
foreign and American students
will meet weekly at the Interna
tional Center this quarter. Dis
cussions will be on such subjects
as "America's Foreign Policy,"
"Democracy in Underdeveloped
Countries," "Conceptions of Fam
ily Life ... as seen by an Euro
pean, an Indian, and an Ameri
can," etc.
Each group will be composed
of 12 students and will meet one
noon hour each week at the"I"
Center. A 35 cent lunch will be
served. Sign ups are in Ihe ASSU
Nitery, at the lIR Shack, and at
the"I" Center.
Three new student luncheon
discussion groups made up of
foreign and American students
will meet weekly at the Interna
tional Center this quarter. Dis
cussions will be on such subjects
as "America's Foreign Policy,"
"Democracy in Underdeveloped
Countries," "Conceptions of Fam
ily Life ... as seen by an Euro
pean, an Indian, and an Ameri
can," etc.
Each group will be composed
of 12 students and will meet one
noon hour each week at the"I"
Center. A 35 cent lunch will be
served. Sign ups are in Ihe ASSU
Nitery, at the lIR Shack, and at
the"I" Center.
Three new student luncheon
discussion groups made up of
foreign and American students
will meet weekly at the Interna
tional Center this quarter. Dis
cussions will be on such subjects
as "America's Foreign Policy,"
"Democracy in Underdeveloped
Countries," "Conceptions of Fam
ily Life ... as seen by an Euro
pean, an Indian, and an Ameri
can," etc.
Each group will be composed
of 12 students and will meet one
noon hour each week at the"I"
Center. A 35 cent lunch will be
served. Sign ups are in Ihe ASSU
Nitery, at the lIR Shack, and at
the"I" Center.
Three new student luncheon
discussion groups made up of
foreign and American students
will meet weekly at the Interna
tional Center this quarter. Dis
cussions will be on such subjects
as "America's Foreign Policy,"
"Democracy in Underdeveloped
Countries," "Conceptions of Fam
ily Life ... as seen by an Euro
pean, an Indian, and an Ameri
can," etc.
Each group will be composed
of 12 students and will meet one
noon hour each week at the"I"
Center. A 35 cent lunch will be
served. Sign ups are in Ihe ASSU
Nitery, at the lIR Shack, and at
the"I" Center.
Three new student luncheon
discussion groups made up of
foreign and American students
will meet weekly at the Interna
tional Center this quarter. Dis
cussions will be on such subjects
as "America's Foreign Policy,"
"Democracy in Underdeveloped
Countries," "Conceptions of Fam
ily Life ... as seen by an Euro
pean, an Indian, and an Ameri
can," etc.
Each group will be composed
of 12 students and will meet one
noon hour each week at the"I"
Center. A 35 cent lunch will be
served. Sign ups are in Ihe ASSU
Nitery, at the lIR Shack, and at
the"I" Center.
Three new student luncheon
discussion groups made up of
foreign and American students
will meet weekly at the Interna
tional Center this quarter. Dis
cussions will be on such subjects
as "America's Foreign Policy,"
"Democracy in Underdeveloped
Countries," "Conceptions of Fam
ily Life ... as seen by an Euro
pean, an Indian, and an Ameri
can," etc.
Each group will be composed
of 12 students and will meet one
noon hour each week at the"I"
Center. A 35 cent lunch will be
served. Sign ups are in Ihe ASSU
Nitery, at the lIR Shack, and at
the"I" Center.
Three new student luncheon
discussion groups made up of
foreign and American students
will meet weekly at the Interna
tional Center this quarter. Dis
cussions will be on such subjects
as "America's Foreign Policy,"
"Democracy in Underdeveloped
Countries," "Conceptions of Fam
ily Life ... as seen by an Euro
pean, an Indian, and an Ameri
can," etc.
Each group will be composed
of 12 students and will meet one
noon hour each week at the"I"
Center. A 35 cent lunch will be
served. Sign ups are in Ihe ASSU
Nitery, at the lIR Shack, and at
the"I" Center.
Three new student luncheon
discussion groups made up of
foreign and American students
will meet weekly at the Interna
tional Center this quarter. Dis
cussions will be on such subjects
as "America's Foreign Policy,"
"Democracy in Underdeveloped
Countries," "Conceptions of Fam
ily Life ... as seen by an Euro
pean, an Indian, and an Ameri
can," etc.
Each group will be composed
of 12 students and will meet one
noon hour each week at the"I"
Center. A 35 cent lunch will be
served. Sign ups are in Ihe ASSU
Nitery, at the lIR Shack, and at
the"I" Center.
Three new student luncheon
discussion groups made up of
foreign and American students
will meet weekly at the Interna
tional Center this quarter. Dis
cussions will be on such subjects
as "America's Foreign Policy,"
"Democracy in Underdeveloped
Countries," "Conceptions of Fam
ily Life ... as seen by an Euro
pean, an Indian, and an Ameri
can," etc.
Each group will be composed
of 12 students and will meet one
noon hour each week at the"I"
Center. A 35 cent lunch will be
served. Sign ups are in Ihe ASSU
Nitery, at the lIR Shack, and at
the"I" Center.
Three new student luncheon
discussion groups made up of
foreign and American students
will meet weekly at the Interna
tional Center this quarter. Dis
cussions will be on such subjects
as "America's Foreign Policy,"
"Democracy in Underdeveloped
Countries," "Conceptions of Fam
ily Life ... as seen by an Euro
pean, an Indian, and an Ameri
can," etc.
Each group will be composed
of 12 students and will meet one
noon hour each week at the"I"
Center. A 35 cent lunch will be
served. Sign ups are in Ihe ASSU
Nitery, at the lIR Shack, and at
the"I" Center.
Three new student luncheon
discussion groups made up of
foreign and American students
will meet weekly at the Interna
tional Center this quarter. Dis
cussions will be on such subjects
as "America's Foreign Policy,"
"Democracy in Underdeveloped
Countries," "Conceptions of Fam
ily Life ... as seen by an Euro
pean, an Indian, and an Ameri
can," etc.
Each group will be composed
of 12 students and will meet one
noon hour each week at the"I"
Center. A 35 cent lunch will be
served. Sign ups are in Ihe ASSU
Nitery, at the lIR Shack, and at
the"I" Center.
