# Know Your Indians
## 
### 
Miller (6-1, 180-pound senior
from Duluth, Minn.) has been
plagued with control trouble
this year. Came to Stanford
from Menlo College a year ago,
but did little varsity pitching
last year. Relics on curve and
knuckle • ball, along with ade
quate speed. Is present fourth
hurler behind Leopold, Williams
and Avery. Major: Internation
al Relations.

Holding (6-0, 190-pound sen
ior from Antioch) was All-
CIBA in 1956. After a fall in
hitting last spring, he's come
back with a powerful bat and
has solidified himself in the
first-string catching job. Excel
lent fielder, and has a good
throwing arm. With von Wron
ski, he gives Stanford the best
catching in the CIBA. Major:
Physical Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WALLY MILLER
Baseball


KALI'II HOLDING
Baseball
Miller (6-1, 180-pound senior
from Duluth, Minn.) has been
plagued with control trouble
this year. Came to Stanford
from Menlo College a year ago,
but did little varsity pitching
last year. Relics on curve and
knuckle • ball, along with ade
quate speed. Is present fourth
hurler behind Leopold, Williams
and Avery. Major: Internation
al Relations.

Holding (6-0, 190-pound sen
ior from Antioch) was All-
CIBA in 1956. After a fall in
hitting last spring, he's come
back with a powerful bat and
has solidified himself in the
first-string catching job. Excel
lent fielder, and has a good
throwing arm. With von Wron
ski, he gives Stanford the best
catching in the CIBA. Major:
Physical Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WALLY MILLER
Baseball


KALI'II HOLDING
Baseball
Miller (6-1, 180-pound senior
from Duluth, Minn.) has been
plagued with control trouble
this year. Came to Stanford
from Menlo College a year ago,
but did little varsity pitching
last year. Relics on curve and
knuckle • ball, along with ade
quate speed. Is present fourth
hurler behind Leopold, Williams
and Avery. Major: Internation
al Relations.

Holding (6-0, 190-pound sen
ior from Antioch) was All-
CIBA in 1956. After a fall in
hitting last spring, he's come
back with a powerful bat and
has solidified himself in the
first-string catching job. Excel
lent fielder, and has a good
throwing arm. With von Wron
ski, he gives Stanford the best
catching in the CIBA. Major:
Physical Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WALLY MILLER
Baseball


KALI'II HOLDING
Baseball
Miller (6-1, 180-pound senior
from Duluth, Minn.) has been
plagued with control trouble
this year. Came to Stanford
from Menlo College a year ago,
but did little varsity pitching
last year. Relics on curve and
knuckle • ball, along with ade
quate speed. Is present fourth
hurler behind Leopold, Williams
and Avery. Major: Internation
al Relations.

Holding (6-0, 190-pound sen
ior from Antioch) was All-
CIBA in 1956. After a fall in
hitting last spring, he's come
back with a powerful bat and
has solidified himself in the
first-string catching job. Excel
lent fielder, and has a good
throwing arm. With von Wron
ski, he gives Stanford the best
catching in the CIBA. Major:
Physical Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WALLY MILLER
Baseball


KALI'II HOLDING
Baseball
Miller (6-1, 180-pound senior
from Duluth, Minn.) has been
plagued with control trouble
this year. Came to Stanford
from Menlo College a year ago,
but did little varsity pitching
last year. Relics on curve and
knuckle • ball, along with ade
quate speed. Is present fourth
hurler behind Leopold, Williams
and Avery. Major: Internation
al Relations.

Holding (6-0, 190-pound sen
ior from Antioch) was All-
CIBA in 1956. After a fall in
hitting last spring, he's come
back with a powerful bat and
has solidified himself in the
first-string catching job. Excel
lent fielder, and has a good
throwing arm. With von Wron
ski, he gives Stanford the best
catching in the CIBA. Major:
Physical Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WALLY MILLER
Baseball


KALI'II HOLDING
Baseball
Miller (6-1, 180-pound senior
from Duluth, Minn.) has been
plagued with control trouble
this year. Came to Stanford
from Menlo College a year ago,
but did little varsity pitching
last year. Relics on curve and
knuckle • ball, along with ade
quate speed. Is present fourth
hurler behind Leopold, Williams
and Avery. Major: Internation
al Relations.

Holding (6-0, 190-pound sen
ior from Antioch) was All-
CIBA in 1956. After a fall in
hitting last spring, he's come
back with a powerful bat and
has solidified himself in the
first-string catching job. Excel
lent fielder, and has a good
throwing arm. With von Wron
ski, he gives Stanford the best
catching in the CIBA. Major:
Physical Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WALLY MILLER
Baseball


KALI'II HOLDING
Baseball
Miller (6-1, 180-pound senior
from Duluth, Minn.) has been
plagued with control trouble
this year. Came to Stanford
from Menlo College a year ago,
but did little varsity pitching
last year. Relics on curve and
knuckle • ball, along with ade
quate speed. Is present fourth
hurler behind Leopold, Williams
and Avery. Major: Internation
al Relations.

Holding (6-0, 190-pound sen
ior from Antioch) was All-
CIBA in 1956. After a fall in
hitting last spring, he's come
back with a powerful bat and
has solidified himself in the
first-string catching job. Excel
lent fielder, and has a good
throwing arm. With von Wron
ski, he gives Stanford the best
catching in the CIBA. Major:
Physical Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WALLY MILLER
Baseball


KALI'II HOLDING
Baseball
Miller (6-1, 180-pound senior
from Duluth, Minn.) has been
plagued with control trouble
this year. Came to Stanford
from Menlo College a year ago,
but did little varsity pitching
last year. Relics on curve and
knuckle • ball, along with ade
quate speed. Is present fourth
hurler behind Leopold, Williams
and Avery. Major: Internation
al Relations.

Holding (6-0, 190-pound sen
ior from Antioch) was All-
CIBA in 1956. After a fall in
hitting last spring, he's come
back with a powerful bat and
has solidified himself in the
first-string catching job. Excel
lent fielder, and has a good
throwing arm. With von Wron
ski, he gives Stanford the best
catching in the CIBA. Major:
Physical Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WALLY MILLER
Baseball


KALI'II HOLDING
Baseball
Miller (6-1, 180-pound senior
from Duluth, Minn.) has been
plagued with control trouble
this year. Came to Stanford
from Menlo College a year ago,
but did little varsity pitching
last year. Relics on curve and
knuckle • ball, along with ade
quate speed. Is present fourth
hurler behind Leopold, Williams
and Avery. Major: Internation
al Relations.

Holding (6-0, 190-pound sen
ior from Antioch) was All-
CIBA in 1956. After a fall in
hitting last spring, he's come
back with a powerful bat and
has solidified himself in the
first-string catching job. Excel
lent fielder, and has a good
throwing arm. With von Wron
ski, he gives Stanford the best
catching in the CIBA. Major:
Physical Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WALLY MILLER
Baseball


KALI'II HOLDING
Baseball
Miller (6-1, 180-pound senior
from Duluth, Minn.) has been
plagued with control trouble
this year. Came to Stanford
from Menlo College a year ago,
but did little varsity pitching
last year. Relics on curve and
knuckle • ball, along with ade
quate speed. Is present fourth
hurler behind Leopold, Williams
and Avery. Major: Internation
al Relations.

Holding (6-0, 190-pound sen
ior from Antioch) was All-
CIBA in 1956. After a fall in
hitting last spring, he's come
back with a powerful bat and
has solidified himself in the
first-string catching job. Excel
lent fielder, and has a good
throwing arm. With von Wron
ski, he gives Stanford the best
catching in the CIBA. Major:
Physical Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WALLY MILLER
Baseball


KALI'II HOLDING
Baseball
Miller (6-1, 180-pound senior
from Duluth, Minn.) has been
plagued with control trouble
this year. Came to Stanford
from Menlo College a year ago,
but did little varsity pitching
last year. Relics on curve and
knuckle • ball, along with ade
quate speed. Is present fourth
hurler behind Leopold, Williams
and Avery. Major: Internation
al Relations.

Holding (6-0, 190-pound sen
ior from Antioch) was All-
CIBA in 1956. After a fall in
hitting last spring, he's come
back with a powerful bat and
has solidified himself in the
first-string catching job. Excel
lent fielder, and has a good
throwing arm. With von Wron
ski, he gives Stanford the best
catching in the CIBA. Major:
Physical Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WALLY MILLER
Baseball


KALI'II HOLDING
Baseball
Miller (6-1, 180-pound senior
from Duluth, Minn.) has been
plagued with control trouble
this year. Came to Stanford
from Menlo College a year ago,
but did little varsity pitching
last year. Relics on curve and
knuckle • ball, along with ade
quate speed. Is present fourth
hurler behind Leopold, Williams
and Avery. Major: Internation
al Relations.

Holding (6-0, 190-pound sen
ior from Antioch) was All-
CIBA in 1956. After a fall in
hitting last spring, he's come
back with a powerful bat and
has solidified himself in the
first-string catching job. Excel
lent fielder, and has a good
throwing arm. With von Wron
ski, he gives Stanford the best
catching in the CIBA. Major:
Physical Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WALLY MILLER
Baseball


KALI'II HOLDING
Baseball
Miller (6-1, 180-pound senior
from Duluth, Minn.) has been
plagued with control trouble
this year. Came to Stanford
from Menlo College a year ago,
but did little varsity pitching
last year. Relics on curve and
knuckle • ball, along with ade
quate speed. Is present fourth
hurler behind Leopold, Williams
and Avery. Major: Internation
al Relations.

Holding (6-0, 190-pound sen
ior from Antioch) was All-
CIBA in 1956. After a fall in
hitting last spring, he's come
back with a powerful bat and
has solidified himself in the
first-string catching job. Excel
lent fielder, and has a good
throwing arm. With von Wron
ski, he gives Stanford the best
catching in the CIBA. Major:
Physical Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WALLY MILLER
Baseball


KALI'II HOLDING
Baseball
Miller (6-1, 180-pound senior
from Duluth, Minn.) has been
plagued with control trouble
this year. Came to Stanford
from Menlo College a year ago,
but did little varsity pitching
last year. Relics on curve and
knuckle • ball, along with ade
quate speed. Is present fourth
hurler behind Leopold, Williams
and Avery. Major: Internation
al Relations.

Holding (6-0, 190-pound sen
ior from Antioch) was All-
CIBA in 1956. After a fall in
hitting last spring, he's come
back with a powerful bat and
has solidified himself in the
first-string catching job. Excel
lent fielder, and has a good
throwing arm. With von Wron
ski, he gives Stanford the best
catching in the CIBA. Major:
Physical Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WALLY MILLER
Baseball


KALI'II HOLDING
Baseball
Miller (6-1, 180-pound senior
from Duluth, Minn.) has been
plagued with control trouble
this year. Came to Stanford
from Menlo College a year ago,
but did little varsity pitching
last year. Relics on curve and
knuckle • ball, along with ade
quate speed. Is present fourth
hurler behind Leopold, Williams
and Avery. Major: Internation
al Relations.

Holding (6-0, 190-pound sen
ior from Antioch) was All-
CIBA in 1956. After a fall in
hitting last spring, he's come
back with a powerful bat and
has solidified himself in the
first-string catching job. Excel
lent fielder, and has a good
throwing arm. With von Wron
ski, he gives Stanford the best
catching in the CIBA. Major:
Physical Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WALLY MILLER
Baseball


KALI'II HOLDING
Baseball
Miller (6-1, 180-pound senior
from Duluth, Minn.) has been
plagued with control trouble
this year. Came to Stanford
from Menlo College a year ago,
but did little varsity pitching
last year. Relics on curve and
knuckle • ball, along with ade
quate speed. Is present fourth
hurler behind Leopold, Williams
and Avery. Major: Internation
al Relations.

Holding (6-0, 190-pound sen
ior from Antioch) was All-
CIBA in 1956. After a fall in
hitting last spring, he's come
back with a powerful bat and
has solidified himself in the
first-string catching job. Excel
lent fielder, and has a good
throwing arm. With von Wron
ski, he gives Stanford the best
catching in the CIBA. Major:
Physical Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WALLY MILLER
Baseball


KALI'II HOLDING
Baseball
Miller (6-1, 180-pound senior
from Duluth, Minn.) has been
plagued with control trouble
this year. Came to Stanford
from Menlo College a year ago,
but did little varsity pitching
last year. Relics on curve and
knuckle • ball, along with ade
quate speed. Is present fourth
hurler behind Leopold, Williams
and Avery. Major: Internation
al Relations.

Holding (6-0, 190-pound sen
ior from Antioch) was All-
CIBA in 1956. After a fall in
hitting last spring, he's come
back with a powerful bat and
has solidified himself in the
first-string catching job. Excel
lent fielder, and has a good
throwing arm. With von Wron
ski, he gives Stanford the best
catching in the CIBA. Major:
Physical Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


WALLY MILLER
Baseball


KALI'II HOLDING
Baseball
