# Organ Recital Held Today in Chapel
## 
### 
Herbert B. Nanney will give the j
regular Thursday organ recital in
the Memorial Church at 4:15 p.m.
today.
His program includes: Four Cho
rale preludes from the "Orgelbuch
lein" for Easter, by J. S. Bach; "Be
nedictus," by Mux Reger; "Piece
Heroique," by Franck; "Rejoice [
Now, Christian Souls," by J. S. |
Bach; and Toccata on "O Filii et
Kiliae," by Lynnwood Farnain.
Herbert B. Nanney will give the j
regular Thursday organ recital in
the Memorial Church at 4:15 p.m.
today.
His program includes: Four Cho
rale preludes from the "Orgelbuch
lein" for Easter, by J. S. Bach; "Be
nedictus," by Mux Reger; "Piece
Heroique," by Franck; "Rejoice [
Now, Christian Souls," by J. S. |
Bach; and Toccata on "O Filii et
Kiliae," by Lynnwood Farnain.
Herbert B. Nanney will give the j
regular Thursday organ recital in
the Memorial Church at 4:15 p.m.
today.
His program includes: Four Cho
rale preludes from the "Orgelbuch
lein" for Easter, by J. S. Bach; "Be
nedictus," by Mux Reger; "Piece
Heroique," by Franck; "Rejoice [
Now, Christian Souls," by J. S. |
Bach; and Toccata on "O Filii et
Kiliae," by Lynnwood Farnain.
Herbert B. Nanney will give the j
regular Thursday organ recital in
the Memorial Church at 4:15 p.m.
today.
His program includes: Four Cho
rale preludes from the "Orgelbuch
lein" for Easter, by J. S. Bach; "Be
nedictus," by Mux Reger; "Piece
Heroique," by Franck; "Rejoice [
Now, Christian Souls," by J. S. |
Bach; and Toccata on "O Filii et
Kiliae," by Lynnwood Farnain.
Herbert B. Nanney will give the j
regular Thursday organ recital in
the Memorial Church at 4:15 p.m.
today.
His program includes: Four Cho
rale preludes from the "Orgelbuch
lein" for Easter, by J. S. Bach; "Be
nedictus," by Mux Reger; "Piece
Heroique," by Franck; "Rejoice [
Now, Christian Souls," by J. S. |
Bach; and Toccata on "O Filii et
Kiliae," by Lynnwood Farnain.
Herbert B. Nanney will give the j
regular Thursday organ recital in
the Memorial Church at 4:15 p.m.
today.
His program includes: Four Cho
rale preludes from the "Orgelbuch
lein" for Easter, by J. S. Bach; "Be
nedictus," by Mux Reger; "Piece
Heroique," by Franck; "Rejoice [
Now, Christian Souls," by J. S. |
Bach; and Toccata on "O Filii et
Kiliae," by Lynnwood Farnain.
Herbert B. Nanney will give the j
regular Thursday organ recital in
the Memorial Church at 4:15 p.m.
today.
His program includes: Four Cho
rale preludes from the "Orgelbuch
lein" for Easter, by J. S. Bach; "Be
nedictus," by Mux Reger; "Piece
Heroique," by Franck; "Rejoice [
Now, Christian Souls," by J. S. |
Bach; and Toccata on "O Filii et
Kiliae," by Lynnwood Farnain.
Herbert B. Nanney will give the j
regular Thursday organ recital in
the Memorial Church at 4:15 p.m.
today.
His program includes: Four Cho
rale preludes from the "Orgelbuch
lein" for Easter, by J. S. Bach; "Be
nedictus," by Mux Reger; "Piece
Heroique," by Franck; "Rejoice [
Now, Christian Souls," by J. S. |
Bach; and Toccata on "O Filii et
Kiliae," by Lynnwood Farnain.
Herbert B. Nanney will give the j
regular Thursday organ recital in
the Memorial Church at 4:15 p.m.
today.
His program includes: Four Cho
rale preludes from the "Orgelbuch
lein" for Easter, by J. S. Bach; "Be
nedictus," by Mux Reger; "Piece
Heroique," by Franck; "Rejoice [
Now, Christian Souls," by J. S. |
Bach; and Toccata on "O Filii et
Kiliae," by Lynnwood Farnain.
Herbert B. Nanney will give the j
regular Thursday organ recital in
the Memorial Church at 4:15 p.m.
today.
His program includes: Four Cho
rale preludes from the "Orgelbuch
lein" for Easter, by J. S. Bach; "Be
nedictus," by Mux Reger; "Piece
Heroique," by Franck; "Rejoice [
Now, Christian Souls," by J. S. |
Bach; and Toccata on "O Filii et
Kiliae," by Lynnwood Farnain.
Herbert B. Nanney will give the j
regular Thursday organ recital in
the Memorial Church at 4:15 p.m.
today.
His program includes: Four Cho
rale preludes from the "Orgelbuch
lein" for Easter, by J. S. Bach; "Be
nedictus," by Mux Reger; "Piece
Heroique," by Franck; "Rejoice [
Now, Christian Souls," by J. S. |
Bach; and Toccata on "O Filii et
Kiliae," by Lynnwood Farnain.
Herbert B. Nanney will give the j
regular Thursday organ recital in
the Memorial Church at 4:15 p.m.
today.
His program includes: Four Cho
rale preludes from the "Orgelbuch
lein" for Easter, by J. S. Bach; "Be
nedictus," by Mux Reger; "Piece
Heroique," by Franck; "Rejoice [
Now, Christian Souls," by J. S. |
Bach; and Toccata on "O Filii et
Kiliae," by Lynnwood Farnain.
Herbert B. Nanney will give the j
regular Thursday organ recital in
the Memorial Church at 4:15 p.m.
today.
His program includes: Four Cho
rale preludes from the "Orgelbuch
lein" for Easter, by J. S. Bach; "Be
nedictus," by Mux Reger; "Piece
Heroique," by Franck; "Rejoice [
Now, Christian Souls," by J. S. |
Bach; and Toccata on "O Filii et
Kiliae," by Lynnwood Farnain.
Herbert B. Nanney will give the j
regular Thursday organ recital in
the Memorial Church at 4:15 p.m.
today.
His program includes: Four Cho
rale preludes from the "Orgelbuch
lein" for Easter, by J. S. Bach; "Be
nedictus," by Mux Reger; "Piece
Heroique," by Franck; "Rejoice [
Now, Christian Souls," by J. S. |
Bach; and Toccata on "O Filii et
Kiliae," by Lynnwood Farnain.
