# Captain Belford Brings Trophies.
## 
### 
Samuel \\ . Belfonl of Denver
Colorado, a captain of volunteers
attached to Major-General Otis'
staff, arrived in San Francisco from
Manila on Saturday on his way to
Washington. He brought with
him several valuable trophies for
the University. Among them are
complete files of all Manila papers
printed during the war, together
with ollicial Spanish lists of pris
oners and other documents of his
torical value. Of the papers, per
haps the most important is the
American, the first English paper
ever published in the Philippines,
which is maintained as a luxury by
the officers of the American army
and navy. Mr. Belford was a mem
ber of the Class of '1)7 and belongs
to the Sigma Alpha Epsilon frater
nitv.
