# IHC Has First Meeting, Discusses Plans, Goals
## 
### 
Inter-House Council, a body
composed of representatives from
the eight independent Stern
Houses, met for the first time
last night in Tresidder to discuss
the “goals and philosophies” of
the council.

President Glenn Sampson open
ed the meeting by saying that
matters would be kept on an in
formal basis until the time that
the administration approved the
formation of the new body. Ap
proval is expected next week.
Sampson then proceeded to out
line his conception of the pur
poses of the council. He noted
that the IHC was an entirely stu
dent-originated organization and
an extension of the experiment to
bring education into the living
groups.
He emphasized the responsibili
ties of the representatives in ef
fecting a system of communica
tion between the houses and the
administration, and suggested im
mediate work to be done on pro
grams of guests-in-residcnce,
speakers, and films to broaden
the cultural programs of the
houses.
Inter-House Council, a body
composed of representatives from
the eight independent Stern
Houses, met for the first time
last night in Tresidder to discuss
the “goals and philosophies” of
the council.

President Glenn Sampson open
ed the meeting by saying that
matters would be kept on an in
formal basis until the time that
the administration approved the
formation of the new body. Ap
proval is expected next week.
Sampson then proceeded to out
line his conception of the pur
poses of the council. He noted
that the IHC was an entirely stu
dent-originated organization and
an extension of the experiment to
bring education into the living
groups.
He emphasized the responsibili
ties of the representatives in ef
fecting a system of communica
tion between the houses and the
administration, and suggested im
mediate work to be done on pro
grams of guests-in-residcnce,
speakers, and films to broaden
the cultural programs of the
houses.
Inter-House Council, a body
composed of representatives from
the eight independent Stern
Houses, met for the first time
last night in Tresidder to discuss
the “goals and philosophies” of
the council.

President Glenn Sampson open
ed the meeting by saying that
matters would be kept on an in
formal basis until the time that
the administration approved the
formation of the new body. Ap
proval is expected next week.
Sampson then proceeded to out
line his conception of the pur
poses of the council. He noted
that the IHC was an entirely stu
dent-originated organization and
an extension of the experiment to
bring education into the living
groups.
He emphasized the responsibili
ties of the representatives in ef
fecting a system of communica
tion between the houses and the
administration, and suggested im
mediate work to be done on pro
grams of guests-in-residcnce,
speakers, and films to broaden
the cultural programs of the
houses.
Inter-House Council, a body
composed of representatives from
the eight independent Stern
Houses, met for the first time
last night in Tresidder to discuss
the “goals and philosophies” of
the council.

President Glenn Sampson open
ed the meeting by saying that
matters would be kept on an in
formal basis until the time that
the administration approved the
formation of the new body. Ap
proval is expected next week.
Sampson then proceeded to out
line his conception of the pur
poses of the council. He noted
that the IHC was an entirely stu
dent-originated organization and
an extension of the experiment to
bring education into the living
groups.
He emphasized the responsibili
ties of the representatives in ef
fecting a system of communica
tion between the houses and the
administration, and suggested im
mediate work to be done on pro
grams of guests-in-residcnce,
speakers, and films to broaden
the cultural programs of the
houses.
Inter-House Council, a body
composed of representatives from
the eight independent Stern
Houses, met for the first time
last night in Tresidder to discuss
the “goals and philosophies” of
the council.

President Glenn Sampson open
ed the meeting by saying that
matters would be kept on an in
formal basis until the time that
the administration approved the
formation of the new body. Ap
proval is expected next week.
Sampson then proceeded to out
line his conception of the pur
poses of the council. He noted
that the IHC was an entirely stu
dent-originated organization and
an extension of the experiment to
bring education into the living
groups.
He emphasized the responsibili
ties of the representatives in ef
fecting a system of communica
tion between the houses and the
administration, and suggested im
mediate work to be done on pro
grams of guests-in-residcnce,
speakers, and films to broaden
the cultural programs of the
houses.
Inter-House Council, a body
composed of representatives from
the eight independent Stern
Houses, met for the first time
last night in Tresidder to discuss
the “goals and philosophies” of
the council.

President Glenn Sampson open
ed the meeting by saying that
matters would be kept on an in
formal basis until the time that
the administration approved the
formation of the new body. Ap
proval is expected next week.
Sampson then proceeded to out
line his conception of the pur
poses of the council. He noted
that the IHC was an entirely stu
dent-originated organization and
an extension of the experiment to
bring education into the living
groups.
He emphasized the responsibili
ties of the representatives in ef
fecting a system of communica
tion between the houses and the
administration, and suggested im
mediate work to be done on pro
grams of guests-in-residcnce,
speakers, and films to broaden
the cultural programs of the
houses.
Inter-House Council, a body
composed of representatives from
the eight independent Stern
Houses, met for the first time
last night in Tresidder to discuss
the “goals and philosophies” of
the council.

President Glenn Sampson open
ed the meeting by saying that
matters would be kept on an in
formal basis until the time that
the administration approved the
formation of the new body. Ap
proval is expected next week.
Sampson then proceeded to out
line his conception of the pur
poses of the council. He noted
that the IHC was an entirely stu
dent-originated organization and
an extension of the experiment to
bring education into the living
groups.
He emphasized the responsibili
ties of the representatives in ef
fecting a system of communica
tion between the houses and the
administration, and suggested im
mediate work to be done on pro
grams of guests-in-residcnce,
speakers, and films to broaden
the cultural programs of the
houses.
Inter-House Council, a body
composed of representatives from
the eight independent Stern
Houses, met for the first time
last night in Tresidder to discuss
the “goals and philosophies” of
the council.

President Glenn Sampson open
ed the meeting by saying that
matters would be kept on an in
formal basis until the time that
the administration approved the
formation of the new body. Ap
proval is expected next week.
Sampson then proceeded to out
line his conception of the pur
poses of the council. He noted
that the IHC was an entirely stu
dent-originated organization and
an extension of the experiment to
bring education into the living
groups.
He emphasized the responsibili
ties of the representatives in ef
fecting a system of communica
tion between the houses and the
administration, and suggested im
mediate work to be done on pro
grams of guests-in-residcnce,
speakers, and films to broaden
the cultural programs of the
houses.
Inter-House Council, a body
composed of representatives from
the eight independent Stern
Houses, met for the first time
last night in Tresidder to discuss
the “goals and philosophies” of
the council.

President Glenn Sampson open
ed the meeting by saying that
matters would be kept on an in
formal basis until the time that
the administration approved the
formation of the new body. Ap
proval is expected next week.
Sampson then proceeded to out
line his conception of the pur
poses of the council. He noted
that the IHC was an entirely stu
dent-originated organization and
an extension of the experiment to
bring education into the living
groups.
He emphasized the responsibili
ties of the representatives in ef
fecting a system of communica
tion between the houses and the
administration, and suggested im
mediate work to be done on pro
grams of guests-in-residcnce,
speakers, and films to broaden
the cultural programs of the
houses.
Inter-House Council, a body
composed of representatives from
the eight independent Stern
Houses, met for the first time
last night in Tresidder to discuss
the “goals and philosophies” of
the council.

President Glenn Sampson open
ed the meeting by saying that
matters would be kept on an in
formal basis until the time that
the administration approved the
formation of the new body. Ap
proval is expected next week.
Sampson then proceeded to out
line his conception of the pur
poses of the council. He noted
that the IHC was an entirely stu
dent-originated organization and
an extension of the experiment to
bring education into the living
groups.
He emphasized the responsibili
ties of the representatives in ef
fecting a system of communica
tion between the houses and the
administration, and suggested im
mediate work to be done on pro
grams of guests-in-residcnce,
speakers, and films to broaden
the cultural programs of the
houses.
Inter-House Council, a body
composed of representatives from
the eight independent Stern
Houses, met for the first time
last night in Tresidder to discuss
the “goals and philosophies” of
the council.

President Glenn Sampson open
ed the meeting by saying that
matters would be kept on an in
formal basis until the time that
the administration approved the
formation of the new body. Ap
proval is expected next week.
Sampson then proceeded to out
line his conception of the pur
poses of the council. He noted
that the IHC was an entirely stu
dent-originated organization and
an extension of the experiment to
bring education into the living
groups.
He emphasized the responsibili
ties of the representatives in ef
fecting a system of communica
tion between the houses and the
administration, and suggested im
mediate work to be done on pro
grams of guests-in-residcnce,
speakers, and films to broaden
the cultural programs of the
houses.
Inter-House Council, a body
composed of representatives from
the eight independent Stern
Houses, met for the first time
last night in Tresidder to discuss
the “goals and philosophies” of
the council.

President Glenn Sampson open
ed the meeting by saying that
matters would be kept on an in
formal basis until the time that
the administration approved the
formation of the new body. Ap
proval is expected next week.
Sampson then proceeded to out
line his conception of the pur
poses of the council. He noted
that the IHC was an entirely stu
dent-originated organization and
an extension of the experiment to
bring education into the living
groups.
He emphasized the responsibili
ties of the representatives in ef
fecting a system of communica
tion between the houses and the
administration, and suggested im
mediate work to be done on pro
grams of guests-in-residcnce,
speakers, and films to broaden
the cultural programs of the
houses.
Inter-House Council, a body
composed of representatives from
the eight independent Stern
Houses, met for the first time
last night in Tresidder to discuss
the “goals and philosophies” of
the council.

President Glenn Sampson open
ed the meeting by saying that
matters would be kept on an in
formal basis until the time that
the administration approved the
formation of the new body. Ap
proval is expected next week.
Sampson then proceeded to out
line his conception of the pur
poses of the council. He noted
that the IHC was an entirely stu
dent-originated organization and
an extension of the experiment to
bring education into the living
groups.
He emphasized the responsibili
ties of the representatives in ef
fecting a system of communica
tion between the houses and the
administration, and suggested im
mediate work to be done on pro
grams of guests-in-residcnce,
speakers, and films to broaden
the cultural programs of the
houses.
Inter-House Council, a body
composed of representatives from
the eight independent Stern
Houses, met for the first time
last night in Tresidder to discuss
the “goals and philosophies” of
the council.

President Glenn Sampson open
ed the meeting by saying that
matters would be kept on an in
formal basis until the time that
the administration approved the
formation of the new body. Ap
proval is expected next week.
Sampson then proceeded to out
line his conception of the pur
poses of the council. He noted
that the IHC was an entirely stu
dent-originated organization and
an extension of the experiment to
bring education into the living
groups.
He emphasized the responsibili
ties of the representatives in ef
fecting a system of communica
tion between the houses and the
administration, and suggested im
mediate work to be done on pro
grams of guests-in-residcnce,
speakers, and films to broaden
the cultural programs of the
houses.
Inter-House Council, a body
composed of representatives from
the eight independent Stern
Houses, met for the first time
last night in Tresidder to discuss
the “goals and philosophies” of
the council.

President Glenn Sampson open
ed the meeting by saying that
matters would be kept on an in
formal basis until the time that
the administration approved the
formation of the new body. Ap
proval is expected next week.
Sampson then proceeded to out
line his conception of the pur
poses of the council. He noted
that the IHC was an entirely stu
dent-originated organization and
an extension of the experiment to
bring education into the living
groups.
He emphasized the responsibili
ties of the representatives in ef
fecting a system of communica
tion between the houses and the
administration, and suggested im
mediate work to be done on pro
grams of guests-in-residcnce,
speakers, and films to broaden
the cultural programs of the
houses.
Inter-House Council, a body
composed of representatives from
the eight independent Stern
Houses, met for the first time
last night in Tresidder to discuss
the “goals and philosophies” of
the council.

President Glenn Sampson open
ed the meeting by saying that
matters would be kept on an in
formal basis until the time that
the administration approved the
formation of the new body. Ap
proval is expected next week.
Sampson then proceeded to out
line his conception of the pur
poses of the council. He noted
that the IHC was an entirely stu
dent-originated organization and
an extension of the experiment to
bring education into the living
groups.
He emphasized the responsibili
ties of the representatives in ef
fecting a system of communica
tion between the houses and the
administration, and suggested im
mediate work to be done on pro
grams of guests-in-residcnce,
speakers, and films to broaden
the cultural programs of the
houses.
Inter-House Council, a body
composed of representatives from
the eight independent Stern
Houses, met for the first time
last night in Tresidder to discuss
the “goals and philosophies” of
the council.

President Glenn Sampson open
ed the meeting by saying that
matters would be kept on an in
formal basis until the time that
the administration approved the
formation of the new body. Ap
proval is expected next week.
Sampson then proceeded to out
line his conception of the pur
poses of the council. He noted
that the IHC was an entirely stu
dent-originated organization and
an extension of the experiment to
bring education into the living
groups.
He emphasized the responsibili
ties of the representatives in ef
fecting a system of communica
tion between the houses and the
administration, and suggested im
mediate work to be done on pro
grams of guests-in-residcnce,
speakers, and films to broaden
the cultural programs of the
houses.
