# Village Photo Club Meets Today, 4:30
## 
### 
Photo Club will meet for the first
time this afternoon at 4:30 in the
Village Counselor's office. Everyone
interested in photography is invited.
A special dark room will be avail
able tor members. The group will
discuss sponsors and organization of
the club.
Photo Club will meet for the first
time this afternoon at 4:30 in the
Village Counselor's office. Everyone
interested in photography is invited.
A special dark room will be avail
able tor members. The group will
discuss sponsors and organization of
the club.
Photo Club will meet for the first
time this afternoon at 4:30 in the
Village Counselor's office. Everyone
interested in photography is invited.
A special dark room will be avail
able tor members. The group will
discuss sponsors and organization of
the club.
Photo Club will meet for the first
time this afternoon at 4:30 in the
Village Counselor's office. Everyone
interested in photography is invited.
A special dark room will be avail
able tor members. The group will
discuss sponsors and organization of
the club.
Photo Club will meet for the first
time this afternoon at 4:30 in the
Village Counselor's office. Everyone
interested in photography is invited.
A special dark room will be avail
able tor members. The group will
discuss sponsors and organization of
the club.
Photo Club will meet for the first
time this afternoon at 4:30 in the
Village Counselor's office. Everyone
interested in photography is invited.
A special dark room will be avail
able tor members. The group will
discuss sponsors and organization of
the club.
Photo Club will meet for the first
time this afternoon at 4:30 in the
Village Counselor's office. Everyone
interested in photography is invited.
A special dark room will be avail
able tor members. The group will
discuss sponsors and organization of
the club.
Photo Club will meet for the first
time this afternoon at 4:30 in the
Village Counselor's office. Everyone
interested in photography is invited.
A special dark room will be avail
able tor members. The group will
discuss sponsors and organization of
the club.
Photo Club will meet for the first
time this afternoon at 4:30 in the
Village Counselor's office. Everyone
interested in photography is invited.
A special dark room will be avail
able tor members. The group will
discuss sponsors and organization of
the club.
Photo Club will meet for the first
time this afternoon at 4:30 in the
Village Counselor's office. Everyone
interested in photography is invited.
A special dark room will be avail
able tor members. The group will
discuss sponsors and organization of
the club.
Photo Club will meet for the first
time this afternoon at 4:30 in the
Village Counselor's office. Everyone
interested in photography is invited.
A special dark room will be avail
able tor members. The group will
discuss sponsors and organization of
the club.
Photo Club will meet for the first
time this afternoon at 4:30 in the
Village Counselor's office. Everyone
interested in photography is invited.
A special dark room will be avail
able tor members. The group will
discuss sponsors and organization of
the club.
Photo Club will meet for the first
time this afternoon at 4:30 in the
Village Counselor's office. Everyone
interested in photography is invited.
A special dark room will be avail
able tor members. The group will
discuss sponsors and organization of
the club.
Photo Club will meet for the first
time this afternoon at 4:30 in the
Village Counselor's office. Everyone
interested in photography is invited.
A special dark room will be avail
able tor members. The group will
discuss sponsors and organization of
the club.
Photo Club will meet for the first
time this afternoon at 4:30 in the
Village Counselor's office. Everyone
interested in photography is invited.
A special dark room will be avail
able tor members. The group will
discuss sponsors and organization of
the club.
