# SCIENCE INTERVIEWS TODAY
## 
### 
Representatives of the Naval
Ordnance Department will be on
campus today to interview people
who are majoring in engineering,
physics, and mathematics for pos
sible jobs with their research de
partment. Any person who will
complete training within six months
may obtain an interview through
the Appointment Service. They will
be held between 2:30 and 5 this af
ternoon.
Representatives of the Naval
Ordnance Department will be on
campus today to interview people
who are majoring in engineering,
physics, and mathematics for pos
sible jobs with their research de
partment. Any person who will
complete training within six months
may obtain an interview through
the Appointment Service. They will
be held between 2:30 and 5 this af
ternoon.
Representatives of the Naval
Ordnance Department will be on
campus today to interview people
who are majoring in engineering,
physics, and mathematics for pos
sible jobs with their research de
partment. Any person who will
complete training within six months
may obtain an interview through
the Appointment Service. They will
be held between 2:30 and 5 this af
ternoon.
Representatives of the Naval
Ordnance Department will be on
campus today to interview people
who are majoring in engineering,
physics, and mathematics for pos
sible jobs with their research de
partment. Any person who will
complete training within six months
may obtain an interview through
the Appointment Service. They will
be held between 2:30 and 5 this af
ternoon.
Representatives of the Naval
Ordnance Department will be on
campus today to interview people
who are majoring in engineering,
physics, and mathematics for pos
sible jobs with their research de
partment. Any person who will
complete training within six months
may obtain an interview through
the Appointment Service. They will
be held between 2:30 and 5 this af
ternoon.
Representatives of the Naval
Ordnance Department will be on
campus today to interview people
who are majoring in engineering,
physics, and mathematics for pos
sible jobs with their research de
partment. Any person who will
complete training within six months
may obtain an interview through
the Appointment Service. They will
be held between 2:30 and 5 this af
ternoon.
Representatives of the Naval
Ordnance Department will be on
campus today to interview people
who are majoring in engineering,
physics, and mathematics for pos
sible jobs with their research de
partment. Any person who will
complete training within six months
may obtain an interview through
the Appointment Service. They will
be held between 2:30 and 5 this af
ternoon.
Representatives of the Naval
Ordnance Department will be on
campus today to interview people
who are majoring in engineering,
physics, and mathematics for pos
sible jobs with their research de
partment. Any person who will
complete training within six months
may obtain an interview through
the Appointment Service. They will
be held between 2:30 and 5 this af
ternoon.
Representatives of the Naval
Ordnance Department will be on
campus today to interview people
who are majoring in engineering,
physics, and mathematics for pos
sible jobs with their research de
partment. Any person who will
complete training within six months
may obtain an interview through
the Appointment Service. They will
be held between 2:30 and 5 this af
ternoon.
Representatives of the Naval
Ordnance Department will be on
campus today to interview people
who are majoring in engineering,
physics, and mathematics for pos
sible jobs with their research de
partment. Any person who will
complete training within six months
may obtain an interview through
the Appointment Service. They will
be held between 2:30 and 5 this af
ternoon.
Representatives of the Naval
Ordnance Department will be on
campus today to interview people
who are majoring in engineering,
physics, and mathematics for pos
sible jobs with their research de
partment. Any person who will
complete training within six months
may obtain an interview through
the Appointment Service. They will
be held between 2:30 and 5 this af
ternoon.
Representatives of the Naval
Ordnance Department will be on
campus today to interview people
who are majoring in engineering,
physics, and mathematics for pos
sible jobs with their research de
partment. Any person who will
complete training within six months
may obtain an interview through
the Appointment Service. They will
be held between 2:30 and 5 this af
ternoon.
Representatives of the Naval
Ordnance Department will be on
campus today to interview people
who are majoring in engineering,
physics, and mathematics for pos
sible jobs with their research de
partment. Any person who will
complete training within six months
may obtain an interview through
the Appointment Service. They will
be held between 2:30 and 5 this af
ternoon.
Representatives of the Naval
Ordnance Department will be on
campus today to interview people
who are majoring in engineering,
physics, and mathematics for pos
sible jobs with their research de
partment. Any person who will
complete training within six months
may obtain an interview through
the Appointment Service. They will
be held between 2:30 and 5 this af
ternoon.
Representatives of the Naval
Ordnance Department will be on
campus today to interview people
who are majoring in engineering,
physics, and mathematics for pos
sible jobs with their research de
partment. Any person who will
complete training within six months
may obtain an interview through
the Appointment Service. They will
be held between 2:30 and 5 this af
ternoon.
