# Swimmers Run Fourth In Pac-8 Meet
## 
### 
Stanford's swimming team is in
fourth place entering the second
day of competition in the Pacific
Eight swimming meet at Seattle.
Washington, with 102 points,
holds the team lead, followed by
UCLA (95), favored USC (94) and
Stanford (79) after yesterday's
opening events at the University
of Washington Pools. The other
four conference schools are well
back.
John Hencken set a new school
record of 1:54.03 in the 200
individual medley, but only
finished second in the event.
Washington's Stan Carper took
the top spot.
In the 50 freestyle, Dave
Fairbank swam a swift 21.18 for
second place behind USC's Joe
Bottom. Dean Anderson finished
fourth at 21.53, Martin Pedley
ninth at 21.78 and Bruce
Goodwin 11th at 22.12.
In the one-meter diving, Wayne
Wager finished fifth, and the
400-yard medley relay team
placed second behind Washington
in 3:26.92.
Stanford's swimming team is in
fourth place entering the second
day of competition in the Pacific
Eight swimming meet at Seattle.
Washington, with 102 points,
holds the team lead, followed by
UCLA (95), favored USC (94) and
Stanford (79) after yesterday's
opening events at the University
of Washington Pools. The other
four conference schools are well
back.
John Hencken set a new school
record of 1:54.03 in the 200
individual medley, but only
finished second in the event.
Washington's Stan Carper took
the top spot.
In the 50 freestyle, Dave
Fairbank swam a swift 21.18 for
second place behind USC's Joe
Bottom. Dean Anderson finished
fourth at 21.53, Martin Pedley
ninth at 21.78 and Bruce
Goodwin 11th at 22.12.
In the one-meter diving, Wayne
Wager finished fifth, and the
400-yard medley relay team
placed second behind Washington
in 3:26.92.
Stanford's swimming team is in
fourth place entering the second
day of competition in the Pacific
Eight swimming meet at Seattle.
Washington, with 102 points,
holds the team lead, followed by
UCLA (95), favored USC (94) and
Stanford (79) after yesterday's
opening events at the University
of Washington Pools. The other
four conference schools are well
back.
John Hencken set a new school
record of 1:54.03 in the 200
individual medley, but only
finished second in the event.
Washington's Stan Carper took
the top spot.
In the 50 freestyle, Dave
Fairbank swam a swift 21.18 for
second place behind USC's Joe
Bottom. Dean Anderson finished
fourth at 21.53, Martin Pedley
ninth at 21.78 and Bruce
Goodwin 11th at 22.12.
In the one-meter diving, Wayne
Wager finished fifth, and the
400-yard medley relay team
placed second behind Washington
in 3:26.92.
Stanford's swimming team is in
fourth place entering the second
day of competition in the Pacific
Eight swimming meet at Seattle.
Washington, with 102 points,
holds the team lead, followed by
UCLA (95), favored USC (94) and
Stanford (79) after yesterday's
opening events at the University
of Washington Pools. The other
four conference schools are well
back.
John Hencken set a new school
record of 1:54.03 in the 200
individual medley, but only
finished second in the event.
Washington's Stan Carper took
the top spot.
In the 50 freestyle, Dave
Fairbank swam a swift 21.18 for
second place behind USC's Joe
Bottom. Dean Anderson finished
fourth at 21.53, Martin Pedley
ninth at 21.78 and Bruce
Goodwin 11th at 22.12.
In the one-meter diving, Wayne
Wager finished fifth, and the
400-yard medley relay team
placed second behind Washington
in 3:26.92.
Stanford's swimming team is in
fourth place entering the second
day of competition in the Pacific
Eight swimming meet at Seattle.
Washington, with 102 points,
holds the team lead, followed by
UCLA (95), favored USC (94) and
Stanford (79) after yesterday's
opening events at the University
of Washington Pools. The other
four conference schools are well
back.
John Hencken set a new school
record of 1:54.03 in the 200
individual medley, but only
finished second in the event.
Washington's Stan Carper took
the top spot.
In the 50 freestyle, Dave
Fairbank swam a swift 21.18 for
second place behind USC's Joe
Bottom. Dean Anderson finished
fourth at 21.53, Martin Pedley
ninth at 21.78 and Bruce
Goodwin 11th at 22.12.
In the one-meter diving, Wayne
Wager finished fifth, and the
400-yard medley relay team
placed second behind Washington
in 3:26.92.
Stanford's swimming team is in
fourth place entering the second
day of competition in the Pacific
Eight swimming meet at Seattle.
Washington, with 102 points,
holds the team lead, followed by
UCLA (95), favored USC (94) and
Stanford (79) after yesterday's
opening events at the University
of Washington Pools. The other
four conference schools are well
back.
John Hencken set a new school
record of 1:54.03 in the 200
individual medley, but only
finished second in the event.
Washington's Stan Carper took
the top spot.
In the 50 freestyle, Dave
Fairbank swam a swift 21.18 for
second place behind USC's Joe
Bottom. Dean Anderson finished
fourth at 21.53, Martin Pedley
ninth at 21.78 and Bruce
Goodwin 11th at 22.12.
In the one-meter diving, Wayne
Wager finished fifth, and the
400-yard medley relay team
placed second behind Washington
in 3:26.92.
Stanford's swimming team is in
fourth place entering the second
day of competition in the Pacific
Eight swimming meet at Seattle.
Washington, with 102 points,
holds the team lead, followed by
UCLA (95), favored USC (94) and
Stanford (79) after yesterday's
opening events at the University
of Washington Pools. The other
four conference schools are well
back.
John Hencken set a new school
record of 1:54.03 in the 200
individual medley, but only
finished second in the event.
Washington's Stan Carper took
the top spot.
In the 50 freestyle, Dave
Fairbank swam a swift 21.18 for
second place behind USC's Joe
Bottom. Dean Anderson finished
fourth at 21.53, Martin Pedley
ninth at 21.78 and Bruce
Goodwin 11th at 22.12.
In the one-meter diving, Wayne
Wager finished fifth, and the
400-yard medley relay team
placed second behind Washington
in 3:26.92.
Stanford's swimming team is in
fourth place entering the second
day of competition in the Pacific
Eight swimming meet at Seattle.
Washington, with 102 points,
holds the team lead, followed by
UCLA (95), favored USC (94) and
Stanford (79) after yesterday's
opening events at the University
of Washington Pools. The other
four conference schools are well
back.
John Hencken set a new school
record of 1:54.03 in the 200
individual medley, but only
finished second in the event.
Washington's Stan Carper took
the top spot.
In the 50 freestyle, Dave
Fairbank swam a swift 21.18 for
second place behind USC's Joe
Bottom. Dean Anderson finished
fourth at 21.53, Martin Pedley
ninth at 21.78 and Bruce
Goodwin 11th at 22.12.
In the one-meter diving, Wayne
Wager finished fifth, and the
400-yard medley relay team
placed second behind Washington
in 3:26.92.
Stanford's swimming team is in
fourth place entering the second
day of competition in the Pacific
Eight swimming meet at Seattle.
Washington, with 102 points,
holds the team lead, followed by
UCLA (95), favored USC (94) and
Stanford (79) after yesterday's
opening events at the University
of Washington Pools. The other
four conference schools are well
back.
John Hencken set a new school
record of 1:54.03 in the 200
individual medley, but only
finished second in the event.
Washington's Stan Carper took
the top spot.
In the 50 freestyle, Dave
Fairbank swam a swift 21.18 for
second place behind USC's Joe
Bottom. Dean Anderson finished
fourth at 21.53, Martin Pedley
ninth at 21.78 and Bruce
Goodwin 11th at 22.12.
In the one-meter diving, Wayne
Wager finished fifth, and the
400-yard medley relay team
placed second behind Washington
in 3:26.92.
Stanford's swimming team is in
fourth place entering the second
day of competition in the Pacific
Eight swimming meet at Seattle.
Washington, with 102 points,
holds the team lead, followed by
UCLA (95), favored USC (94) and
Stanford (79) after yesterday's
opening events at the University
of Washington Pools. The other
four conference schools are well
back.
John Hencken set a new school
record of 1:54.03 in the 200
individual medley, but only
finished second in the event.
Washington's Stan Carper took
the top spot.
In the 50 freestyle, Dave
Fairbank swam a swift 21.18 for
second place behind USC's Joe
Bottom. Dean Anderson finished
fourth at 21.53, Martin Pedley
ninth at 21.78 and Bruce
Goodwin 11th at 22.12.
In the one-meter diving, Wayne
Wager finished fifth, and the
400-yard medley relay team
placed second behind Washington
in 3:26.92.
Stanford's swimming team is in
fourth place entering the second
day of competition in the Pacific
Eight swimming meet at Seattle.
Washington, with 102 points,
holds the team lead, followed by
UCLA (95), favored USC (94) and
Stanford (79) after yesterday's
opening events at the University
of Washington Pools. The other
four conference schools are well
back.
John Hencken set a new school
record of 1:54.03 in the 200
individual medley, but only
finished second in the event.
Washington's Stan Carper took
the top spot.
In the 50 freestyle, Dave
Fairbank swam a swift 21.18 for
second place behind USC's Joe
Bottom. Dean Anderson finished
fourth at 21.53, Martin Pedley
ninth at 21.78 and Bruce
Goodwin 11th at 22.12.
In the one-meter diving, Wayne
Wager finished fifth, and the
400-yard medley relay team
placed second behind Washington
in 3:26.92.
Stanford's swimming team is in
fourth place entering the second
day of competition in the Pacific
Eight swimming meet at Seattle.
Washington, with 102 points,
holds the team lead, followed by
UCLA (95), favored USC (94) and
Stanford (79) after yesterday's
opening events at the University
of Washington Pools. The other
four conference schools are well
back.
John Hencken set a new school
record of 1:54.03 in the 200
individual medley, but only
finished second in the event.
Washington's Stan Carper took
the top spot.
In the 50 freestyle, Dave
Fairbank swam a swift 21.18 for
second place behind USC's Joe
Bottom. Dean Anderson finished
fourth at 21.53, Martin Pedley
ninth at 21.78 and Bruce
Goodwin 11th at 22.12.
In the one-meter diving, Wayne
Wager finished fifth, and the
400-yard medley relay team
placed second behind Washington
in 3:26.92.
Stanford's swimming team is in
fourth place entering the second
day of competition in the Pacific
Eight swimming meet at Seattle.
Washington, with 102 points,
holds the team lead, followed by
UCLA (95), favored USC (94) and
Stanford (79) after yesterday's
opening events at the University
of Washington Pools. The other
four conference schools are well
back.
John Hencken set a new school
record of 1:54.03 in the 200
individual medley, but only
finished second in the event.
Washington's Stan Carper took
the top spot.
In the 50 freestyle, Dave
Fairbank swam a swift 21.18 for
second place behind USC's Joe
Bottom. Dean Anderson finished
fourth at 21.53, Martin Pedley
ninth at 21.78 and Bruce
Goodwin 11th at 22.12.
In the one-meter diving, Wayne
Wager finished fifth, and the
400-yard medley relay team
placed second behind Washington
in 3:26.92.
Stanford's swimming team is in
fourth place entering the second
day of competition in the Pacific
Eight swimming meet at Seattle.
Washington, with 102 points,
holds the team lead, followed by
UCLA (95), favored USC (94) and
Stanford (79) after yesterday's
opening events at the University
of Washington Pools. The other
four conference schools are well
back.
John Hencken set a new school
record of 1:54.03 in the 200
individual medley, but only
finished second in the event.
Washington's Stan Carper took
the top spot.
In the 50 freestyle, Dave
Fairbank swam a swift 21.18 for
second place behind USC's Joe
Bottom. Dean Anderson finished
fourth at 21.53, Martin Pedley
ninth at 21.78 and Bruce
Goodwin 11th at 22.12.
In the one-meter diving, Wayne
Wager finished fifth, and the
400-yard medley relay team
placed second behind Washington
in 3:26.92.
