# Sez Me
## Reasons For Viet Support 
### J.H. Lane 
In general, everyone has a
home. He is not content to con
fine his influence to only his
home. He realizes the need for
a local peace-keeping force. If
someone else's home is robbed
or attacked, his may be next.
He therefore supports such
agencies as a police force and
fire department with taxes. Be
fore these agencies were
created, however, he took part
in posses and other citizen
groups in order to accomplish
a mutual goal which could be
termed defense.
Cities, towns, states and even
nations have been known to
take the same action as the
community-minded citizens of
the first paragraph. That, In
very simple terms, is why I
support my country's action in
Vietnam.
Some are naive enough to be
lieve that surrendering South
Vietnam would appease Com
munism and allow the world to
assume again the facade of
peace. Such action would defy
both history and the physical
evidence we have of insurgents
infiltrating into other South
east Asian countries including
Thailand.
Not ConvenlMit
Granted, few strategists would
consider Vietnam a convenient
to fight a war. It is at
distance, the terrain
defies the classic war, and the
climate is 'abominable. But I

prefer it to fighting a war in
Florida or California, for ex
ample. We never will be able to
select the battleground against
Communism. We have only the
option of accepting or re
jecting the challenge where it
is issued.
I applaud our country for dis
playing to the world that we
are willing to do more than
send diplomatic notes of pro
test. It is of interest that, while
sentiment against the War in
Vietnam seems to be world
wide, one has difficulty finding
any in the free countries in and
near Southeast Asia. The neces
sity of containing Communism

is imminent to them. In fact,
the Philippines, Thailand, New
Zealand, Australia, and South
Korea have troop units fight
ing in South Vietnam. There
are also fighting units com
posed of Viet Cong who have
defected back to the govern
ment of South Vietnam.
It is easy to avow one's dis
like of war. No one wants war
for the sake of war. But, as
often happens in any field, a
choice must be made among
several undesirable courses of
action. We cannot consider our
selves as an isolated nation.
Our present policy in Vietnam
is the only feasible one.
In general, everyone has a
home. He is not content to con
fine his influence to only his
home. He realizes the need for
a local peace-keeping force. If
someone else's home is robbed
or attacked, his may be next.
He therefore supports such
agencies as a police force and
fire department with taxes. Be
fore these agencies were
created, however, he took part
in posses and other citizen
groups in order to accomplish
a mutual goal which could be
termed defense.
Cities, towns, states and even
nations have been known to
take the same action as the
community-minded citizens of
the first paragraph. That, In
very simple terms, is why I
support my country's action in
Vietnam.
Some are naive enough to be
lieve that surrendering South
Vietnam would appease Com
munism and allow the world to
assume again the facade of
peace. Such action would defy
both history and the physical
evidence we have of insurgents
infiltrating into other South
east Asian countries including
Thailand.
Not ConvenlMit
Granted, few strategists would
consider Vietnam a convenient
to fight a war. It is at
distance, the terrain
defies the classic war, and the
climate is 'abominable. But I

prefer it to fighting a war in
Florida or California, for ex
ample. We never will be able to
select the battleground against
Communism. We have only the
option of accepting or re
jecting the challenge where it
is issued.
I applaud our country for dis
playing to the world that we
are willing to do more than
send diplomatic notes of pro
test. It is of interest that, while
sentiment against the War in
Vietnam seems to be world
wide, one has difficulty finding
any in the free countries in and
near Southeast Asia. The neces
sity of containing Communism

is imminent to them. In fact,
the Philippines, Thailand, New
Zealand, Australia, and South
Korea have troop units fight
ing in South Vietnam. There
are also fighting units com
posed of Viet Cong who have
defected back to the govern
ment of South Vietnam.
It is easy to avow one's dis
like of war. No one wants war
for the sake of war. But, as
often happens in any field, a
choice must be made among
several undesirable courses of
action. We cannot consider our
selves as an isolated nation.
Our present policy in Vietnam
is the only feasible one.
In general, everyone has a
home. He is not content to con
fine his influence to only his
home. He realizes the need for
a local peace-keeping force. If
someone else's home is robbed
or attacked, his may be next.
He therefore supports such
agencies as a police force and
fire department with taxes. Be
fore these agencies were
created, however, he took part
in posses and other citizen
groups in order to accomplish
a mutual goal which could be
termed defense.
Cities, towns, states and even
nations have been known to
take the same action as the
community-minded citizens of
the first paragraph. That, In
very simple terms, is why I
support my country's action in
Vietnam.
Some are naive enough to be
lieve that surrendering South
Vietnam would appease Com
munism and allow the world to
assume again the facade of
peace. Such action would defy
both history and the physical
evidence we have of insurgents
infiltrating into other South
east Asian countries including
Thailand.
Not ConvenlMit
Granted, few strategists would
consider Vietnam a convenient
to fight a war. It is at
distance, the terrain
defies the classic war, and the
climate is 'abominable. But I

prefer it to fighting a war in
Florida or California, for ex
ample. We never will be able to
select the battleground against
Communism. We have only the
option of accepting or re
jecting the challenge where it
is issued.
I applaud our country for dis
playing to the world that we
are willing to do more than
send diplomatic notes of pro
test. It is of interest that, while
sentiment against the War in
Vietnam seems to be world
wide, one has difficulty finding
any in the free countries in and
near Southeast Asia. The neces
sity of containing Communism

is imminent to them. In fact,
the Philippines, Thailand, New
Zealand, Australia, and South
Korea have troop units fight
ing in South Vietnam. There
are also fighting units com
posed of Viet Cong who have
defected back to the govern
ment of South Vietnam.
It is easy to avow one's dis
like of war. No one wants war
for the sake of war. But, as
often happens in any field, a
choice must be made among
several undesirable courses of
action. We cannot consider our
selves as an isolated nation.
Our present policy in Vietnam
is the only feasible one.
In general, everyone has a
home. He is not content to con
fine his influence to only his
home. He realizes the need for
a local peace-keeping force. If
someone else's home is robbed
or attacked, his may be next.
He therefore supports such
agencies as a police force and
fire department with taxes. Be
fore these agencies were
created, however, he took part
in posses and other citizen
groups in order to accomplish
a mutual goal which could be
termed defense.
Cities, towns, states and even
nations have been known to
take the same action as the
community-minded citizens of
the first paragraph. That, In
very simple terms, is why I
support my country's action in
Vietnam.
Some are naive enough to be
lieve that surrendering South
Vietnam would appease Com
munism and allow the world to
assume again the facade of
peace. Such action would defy
both history and the physical
evidence we have of insurgents
infiltrating into other South
east Asian countries including
Thailand.
Not ConvenlMit
Granted, few strategists would
consider Vietnam a convenient
to fight a war. It is at
distance, the terrain
defies the classic war, and the
climate is 'abominable. But I

prefer it to fighting a war in
Florida or California, for ex
ample. We never will be able to
select the battleground against
Communism. We have only the
option of accepting or re
jecting the challenge where it
is issued.
I applaud our country for dis
playing to the world that we
are willing to do more than
send diplomatic notes of pro
test. It is of interest that, while
sentiment against the War in
Vietnam seems to be world
wide, one has difficulty finding
any in the free countries in and
near Southeast Asia. The neces
sity of containing Communism

is imminent to them. In fact,
the Philippines, Thailand, New
Zealand, Australia, and South
Korea have troop units fight
ing in South Vietnam. There
are also fighting units com
posed of Viet Cong who have
defected back to the govern
ment of South Vietnam.
It is easy to avow one's dis
like of war. No one wants war
for the sake of war. But, as
often happens in any field, a
choice must be made among
several undesirable courses of
action. We cannot consider our
selves as an isolated nation.
Our present policy in Vietnam
is the only feasible one.
In general, everyone has a
home. He is not content to con
fine his influence to only his
home. He realizes the need for
a local peace-keeping force. If
someone else's home is robbed
or attacked, his may be next.
He therefore supports such
agencies as a police force and
fire department with taxes. Be
fore these agencies were
created, however, he took part
in posses and other citizen
groups in order to accomplish
a mutual goal which could be
termed defense.
Cities, towns, states and even
nations have been known to
take the same action as the
community-minded citizens of
the first paragraph. That, In
very simple terms, is why I
support my country's action in
Vietnam.
Some are naive enough to be
lieve that surrendering South
Vietnam would appease Com
munism and allow the world to
assume again the facade of
peace. Such action would defy
both history and the physical
evidence we have of insurgents
infiltrating into other South
east Asian countries including
Thailand.
Not ConvenlMit
Granted, few strategists would
consider Vietnam a convenient
to fight a war. It is at
distance, the terrain
defies the classic war, and the
climate is 'abominable. But I

prefer it to fighting a war in
Florida or California, for ex
ample. We never will be able to
select the battleground against
Communism. We have only the
option of accepting or re
jecting the challenge where it
is issued.
I applaud our country for dis
playing to the world that we
are willing to do more than
send diplomatic notes of pro
test. It is of interest that, while
sentiment against the War in
Vietnam seems to be world
wide, one has difficulty finding
any in the free countries in and
near Southeast Asia. The neces
sity of containing Communism

is imminent to them. In fact,
the Philippines, Thailand, New
Zealand, Australia, and South
Korea have troop units fight
ing in South Vietnam. There
are also fighting units com
posed of Viet Cong who have
defected back to the govern
ment of South Vietnam.
It is easy to avow one's dis
like of war. No one wants war
for the sake of war. But, as
often happens in any field, a
choice must be made among
several undesirable courses of
action. We cannot consider our
selves as an isolated nation.
Our present policy in Vietnam
is the only feasible one.
In general, everyone has a
home. He is not content to con
fine his influence to only his
home. He realizes the need for
a local peace-keeping force. If
someone else's home is robbed
or attacked, his may be next.
He therefore supports such
agencies as a police force and
fire department with taxes. Be
fore these agencies were
created, however, he took part
in posses and other citizen
groups in order to accomplish
a mutual goal which could be
termed defense.
Cities, towns, states and even
nations have been known to
take the same action as the
community-minded citizens of
the first paragraph. That, In
very simple terms, is why I
support my country's action in
Vietnam.
Some are naive enough to be
lieve that surrendering South
Vietnam would appease Com
munism and allow the world to
assume again the facade of
peace. Such action would defy
both history and the physical
evidence we have of insurgents
infiltrating into other South
east Asian countries including
Thailand.
Not ConvenlMit
Granted, few strategists would
consider Vietnam a convenient
to fight a war. It is at
distance, the terrain
defies the classic war, and the
climate is 'abominable. But I

prefer it to fighting a war in
Florida or California, for ex
ample. We never will be able to
select the battleground against
Communism. We have only the
option of accepting or re
jecting the challenge where it
is issued.
I applaud our country for dis
playing to the world that we
are willing to do more than
send diplomatic notes of pro
test. It is of interest that, while
sentiment against the War in
Vietnam seems to be world
wide, one has difficulty finding
any in the free countries in and
near Southeast Asia. The neces
sity of containing Communism

is imminent to them. In fact,
the Philippines, Thailand, New
Zealand, Australia, and South
Korea have troop units fight
ing in South Vietnam. There
are also fighting units com
posed of Viet Cong who have
defected back to the govern
ment of South Vietnam.
It is easy to avow one's dis
like of war. No one wants war
for the sake of war. But, as
often happens in any field, a
choice must be made among
several undesirable courses of
action. We cannot consider our
selves as an isolated nation.
Our present policy in Vietnam
is the only feasible one.
In general, everyone has a
home. He is not content to con
fine his influence to only his
home. He realizes the need for
a local peace-keeping force. If
someone else's home is robbed
or attacked, his may be next.
He therefore supports such
agencies as a police force and
fire department with taxes. Be
fore these agencies were
created, however, he took part
in posses and other citizen
groups in order to accomplish
a mutual goal which could be
termed defense.
Cities, towns, states and even
nations have been known to
take the same action as the
community-minded citizens of
the first paragraph. That, In
very simple terms, is why I
support my country's action in
Vietnam.
Some are naive enough to be
lieve that surrendering South
Vietnam would appease Com
munism and allow the world to
assume again the facade of
peace. Such action would defy
both history and the physical
evidence we have of insurgents
infiltrating into other South
east Asian countries including
Thailand.
Not ConvenlMit
Granted, few strategists would
consider Vietnam a convenient
to fight a war. It is at
distance, the terrain
defies the classic war, and the
climate is 'abominable. But I

prefer it to fighting a war in
Florida or California, for ex
ample. We never will be able to
select the battleground against
Communism. We have only the
option of accepting or re
jecting the challenge where it
is issued.
I applaud our country for dis
playing to the world that we
are willing to do more than
send diplomatic notes of pro
test. It is of interest that, while
sentiment against the War in
Vietnam seems to be world
wide, one has difficulty finding
any in the free countries in and
near Southeast Asia. The neces
sity of containing Communism

is imminent to them. In fact,
the Philippines, Thailand, New
Zealand, Australia, and South
Korea have troop units fight
ing in South Vietnam. There
are also fighting units com
posed of Viet Cong who have
defected back to the govern
ment of South Vietnam.
It is easy to avow one's dis
like of war. No one wants war
for the sake of war. But, as
often happens in any field, a
choice must be made among
several undesirable courses of
action. We cannot consider our
selves as an isolated nation.
Our present policy in Vietnam
is the only feasible one.
In general, everyone has a
home. He is not content to con
fine his influence to only his
home. He realizes the need for
a local peace-keeping force. If
someone else's home is robbed
or attacked, his may be next.
He therefore supports such
agencies as a police force and
fire department with taxes. Be
fore these agencies were
created, however, he took part
in posses and other citizen
groups in order to accomplish
a mutual goal which could be
termed defense.
Cities, towns, states and even
nations have been known to
take the same action as the
community-minded citizens of
the first paragraph. That, In
very simple terms, is why I
support my country's action in
Vietnam.
Some are naive enough to be
lieve that surrendering South
Vietnam would appease Com
munism and allow the world to
assume again the facade of
peace. Such action would defy
both history and the physical
evidence we have of insurgents
infiltrating into other South
east Asian countries including
Thailand.
Not ConvenlMit
Granted, few strategists would
consider Vietnam a convenient
to fight a war. It is at
distance, the terrain
defies the classic war, and the
climate is 'abominable. But I

prefer it to fighting a war in
Florida or California, for ex
ample. We never will be able to
select the battleground against
Communism. We have only the
option of accepting or re
jecting the challenge where it
is issued.
I applaud our country for dis
playing to the world that we
are willing to do more than
send diplomatic notes of pro
test. It is of interest that, while
sentiment against the War in
Vietnam seems to be world
wide, one has difficulty finding
any in the free countries in and
near Southeast Asia. The neces
sity of containing Communism

is imminent to them. In fact,
the Philippines, Thailand, New
Zealand, Australia, and South
Korea have troop units fight
ing in South Vietnam. There
are also fighting units com
posed of Viet Cong who have
defected back to the govern
ment of South Vietnam.
It is easy to avow one's dis
like of war. No one wants war
for the sake of war. But, as
often happens in any field, a
choice must be made among
several undesirable courses of
action. We cannot consider our
selves as an isolated nation.
Our present policy in Vietnam
is the only feasible one.
In general, everyone has a
home. He is not content to con
fine his influence to only his
home. He realizes the need for
a local peace-keeping force. If
someone else's home is robbed
or attacked, his may be next.
He therefore supports such
agencies as a police force and
fire department with taxes. Be
fore these agencies were
created, however, he took part
in posses and other citizen
groups in order to accomplish
a mutual goal which could be
termed defense.
Cities, towns, states and even
nations have been known to
take the same action as the
community-minded citizens of
the first paragraph. That, In
very simple terms, is why I
support my country's action in
Vietnam.
Some are naive enough to be
lieve that surrendering South
Vietnam would appease Com
munism and allow the world to
assume again the facade of
peace. Such action would defy
both history and the physical
evidence we have of insurgents
infiltrating into other South
east Asian countries including
Thailand.
Not ConvenlMit
Granted, few strategists would
consider Vietnam a convenient
to fight a war. It is at
distance, the terrain
defies the classic war, and the
climate is 'abominable. But I

prefer it to fighting a war in
Florida or California, for ex
ample. We never will be able to
select the battleground against
Communism. We have only the
option of accepting or re
jecting the challenge where it
is issued.
I applaud our country for dis
playing to the world that we
are willing to do more than
send diplomatic notes of pro
test. It is of interest that, while
sentiment against the War in
Vietnam seems to be world
wide, one has difficulty finding
any in the free countries in and
near Southeast Asia. The neces
sity of containing Communism

is imminent to them. In fact,
the Philippines, Thailand, New
Zealand, Australia, and South
Korea have troop units fight
ing in South Vietnam. There
are also fighting units com
posed of Viet Cong who have
defected back to the govern
ment of South Vietnam.
It is easy to avow one's dis
like of war. No one wants war
for the sake of war. But, as
often happens in any field, a
choice must be made among
several undesirable courses of
action. We cannot consider our
selves as an isolated nation.
Our present policy in Vietnam
is the only feasible one.
In general, everyone has a
home. He is not content to con
fine his influence to only his
home. He realizes the need for
a local peace-keeping force. If
someone else's home is robbed
or attacked, his may be next.
He therefore supports such
agencies as a police force and
fire department with taxes. Be
fore these agencies were
created, however, he took part
in posses and other citizen
groups in order to accomplish
a mutual goal which could be
termed defense.
Cities, towns, states and even
nations have been known to
take the same action as the
community-minded citizens of
the first paragraph. That, In
very simple terms, is why I
support my country's action in
Vietnam.
Some are naive enough to be
lieve that surrendering South
Vietnam would appease Com
munism and allow the world to
assume again the facade of
peace. Such action would defy
both history and the physical
evidence we have of insurgents
infiltrating into other South
east Asian countries including
Thailand.
Not ConvenlMit
Granted, few strategists would
consider Vietnam a convenient
to fight a war. It is at
distance, the terrain
defies the classic war, and the
climate is 'abominable. But I

prefer it to fighting a war in
Florida or California, for ex
ample. We never will be able to
select the battleground against
Communism. We have only the
option of accepting or re
jecting the challenge where it
is issued.
I applaud our country for dis
playing to the world that we
are willing to do more than
send diplomatic notes of pro
test. It is of interest that, while
sentiment against the War in
Vietnam seems to be world
wide, one has difficulty finding
any in the free countries in and
near Southeast Asia. The neces
sity of containing Communism

is imminent to them. In fact,
the Philippines, Thailand, New
Zealand, Australia, and South
Korea have troop units fight
ing in South Vietnam. There
are also fighting units com
posed of Viet Cong who have
defected back to the govern
ment of South Vietnam.
It is easy to avow one's dis
like of war. No one wants war
for the sake of war. But, as
often happens in any field, a
choice must be made among
several undesirable courses of
action. We cannot consider our
selves as an isolated nation.
Our present policy in Vietnam
is the only feasible one.
In general, everyone has a
home. He is not content to con
fine his influence to only his
home. He realizes the need for
a local peace-keeping force. If
someone else's home is robbed
or attacked, his may be next.
He therefore supports such
agencies as a police force and
fire department with taxes. Be
fore these agencies were
created, however, he took part
in posses and other citizen
groups in order to accomplish
a mutual goal which could be
termed defense.
Cities, towns, states and even
nations have been known to
take the same action as the
community-minded citizens of
the first paragraph. That, In
very simple terms, is why I
support my country's action in
Vietnam.
Some are naive enough to be
lieve that surrendering South
Vietnam would appease Com
munism and allow the world to
assume again the facade of
peace. Such action would defy
both history and the physical
evidence we have of insurgents
infiltrating into other South
east Asian countries including
Thailand.
Not ConvenlMit
Granted, few strategists would
consider Vietnam a convenient
to fight a war. It is at
distance, the terrain
defies the classic war, and the
climate is 'abominable. But I

prefer it to fighting a war in
Florida or California, for ex
ample. We never will be able to
select the battleground against
Communism. We have only the
option of accepting or re
jecting the challenge where it
is issued.
I applaud our country for dis
playing to the world that we
are willing to do more than
send diplomatic notes of pro
test. It is of interest that, while
sentiment against the War in
Vietnam seems to be world
wide, one has difficulty finding
any in the free countries in and
near Southeast Asia. The neces
sity of containing Communism

is imminent to them. In fact,
the Philippines, Thailand, New
Zealand, Australia, and South
Korea have troop units fight
ing in South Vietnam. There
are also fighting units com
posed of Viet Cong who have
defected back to the govern
ment of South Vietnam.
It is easy to avow one's dis
like of war. No one wants war
for the sake of war. But, as
often happens in any field, a
choice must be made among
several undesirable courses of
action. We cannot consider our
selves as an isolated nation.
Our present policy in Vietnam
is the only feasible one.
In general, everyone has a
home. He is not content to con
fine his influence to only his
home. He realizes the need for
a local peace-keeping force. If
someone else's home is robbed
or attacked, his may be next.
He therefore supports such
agencies as a police force and
fire department with taxes. Be
fore these agencies were
created, however, he took part
in posses and other citizen
groups in order to accomplish
a mutual goal which could be
termed defense.
Cities, towns, states and even
nations have been known to
take the same action as the
community-minded citizens of
the first paragraph. That, In
very simple terms, is why I
support my country's action in
Vietnam.
Some are naive enough to be
lieve that surrendering South
Vietnam would appease Com
munism and allow the world to
assume again the facade of
peace. Such action would defy
both history and the physical
evidence we have of insurgents
infiltrating into other South
east Asian countries including
Thailand.
Not ConvenlMit
Granted, few strategists would
consider Vietnam a convenient
to fight a war. It is at
distance, the terrain
defies the classic war, and the
climate is 'abominable. But I

prefer it to fighting a war in
Florida or California, for ex
ample. We never will be able to
select the battleground against
Communism. We have only the
option of accepting or re
jecting the challenge where it
is issued.
I applaud our country for dis
playing to the world that we
are willing to do more than
send diplomatic notes of pro
test. It is of interest that, while
sentiment against the War in
Vietnam seems to be world
wide, one has difficulty finding
any in the free countries in and
near Southeast Asia. The neces
sity of containing Communism

is imminent to them. In fact,
the Philippines, Thailand, New
Zealand, Australia, and South
Korea have troop units fight
ing in South Vietnam. There
are also fighting units com
posed of Viet Cong who have
defected back to the govern
ment of South Vietnam.
It is easy to avow one's dis
like of war. No one wants war
for the sake of war. But, as
often happens in any field, a
choice must be made among
several undesirable courses of
action. We cannot consider our
selves as an isolated nation.
Our present policy in Vietnam
is the only feasible one.
In general, everyone has a
home. He is not content to con
fine his influence to only his
home. He realizes the need for
a local peace-keeping force. If
someone else's home is robbed
or attacked, his may be next.
He therefore supports such
agencies as a police force and
fire department with taxes. Be
fore these agencies were
created, however, he took part
in posses and other citizen
groups in order to accomplish
a mutual goal which could be
termed defense.
Cities, towns, states and even
nations have been known to
take the same action as the
community-minded citizens of
the first paragraph. That, In
very simple terms, is why I
support my country's action in
Vietnam.
Some are naive enough to be
lieve that surrendering South
Vietnam would appease Com
munism and allow the world to
assume again the facade of
peace. Such action would defy
both history and the physical
evidence we have of insurgents
infiltrating into other South
east Asian countries including
Thailand.
Not ConvenlMit
Granted, few strategists would
consider Vietnam a convenient
to fight a war. It is at
distance, the terrain
defies the classic war, and the
climate is 'abominable. But I

prefer it to fighting a war in
Florida or California, for ex
ample. We never will be able to
select the battleground against
Communism. We have only the
option of accepting or re
jecting the challenge where it
is issued.
I applaud our country for dis
playing to the world that we
are willing to do more than
send diplomatic notes of pro
test. It is of interest that, while
sentiment against the War in
Vietnam seems to be world
wide, one has difficulty finding
any in the free countries in and
near Southeast Asia. The neces
sity of containing Communism

is imminent to them. In fact,
the Philippines, Thailand, New
Zealand, Australia, and South
Korea have troop units fight
ing in South Vietnam. There
are also fighting units com
posed of Viet Cong who have
defected back to the govern
ment of South Vietnam.
It is easy to avow one's dis
like of war. No one wants war
for the sake of war. But, as
often happens in any field, a
choice must be made among
several undesirable courses of
action. We cannot consider our
selves as an isolated nation.
Our present policy in Vietnam
is the only feasible one.
In general, everyone has a
home. He is not content to con
fine his influence to only his
home. He realizes the need for
a local peace-keeping force. If
someone else's home is robbed
or attacked, his may be next.
He therefore supports such
agencies as a police force and
fire department with taxes. Be
fore these agencies were
created, however, he took part
in posses and other citizen
groups in order to accomplish
a mutual goal which could be
termed defense.
Cities, towns, states and even
nations have been known to
take the same action as the
community-minded citizens of
the first paragraph. That, In
very simple terms, is why I
support my country's action in
Vietnam.
Some are naive enough to be
lieve that surrendering South
Vietnam would appease Com
munism and allow the world to
assume again the facade of
peace. Such action would defy
both history and the physical
evidence we have of insurgents
infiltrating into other South
east Asian countries including
Thailand.
Not ConvenlMit
Granted, few strategists would
consider Vietnam a convenient
to fight a war. It is at
distance, the terrain
defies the classic war, and the
climate is 'abominable. But I

prefer it to fighting a war in
Florida or California, for ex
ample. We never will be able to
select the battleground against
Communism. We have only the
option of accepting or re
jecting the challenge where it
is issued.
I applaud our country for dis
playing to the world that we
are willing to do more than
send diplomatic notes of pro
test. It is of interest that, while
sentiment against the War in
Vietnam seems to be world
wide, one has difficulty finding
any in the free countries in and
near Southeast Asia. The neces
sity of containing Communism

is imminent to them. In fact,
the Philippines, Thailand, New
Zealand, Australia, and South
Korea have troop units fight
ing in South Vietnam. There
are also fighting units com
posed of Viet Cong who have
defected back to the govern
ment of South Vietnam.
It is easy to avow one's dis
like of war. No one wants war
for the sake of war. But, as
often happens in any field, a
choice must be made among
several undesirable courses of
action. We cannot consider our
selves as an isolated nation.
Our present policy in Vietnam
is the only feasible one.
