# Support UN, Ask Leaders Of 3 Groups
## 
### 
Three leaders of California organ
izations. all of them at one time en
gaged in work at Stanford, issued a
joint statement yesterday calling
"upon our fellow. Americans for
continued support of the United Na
tions—and its strengthening-r-as the
sole means of avoiding both appease
ment and war."
Dr. Easton S. Rothwell, assistant
chairman of the Hoover Library,
submitted the statement along with
Justin Blackwelder and Stanley A.
Weigel at the second annual state
convention of the United World
Federalists of California.
Blackwelder, Northern California
executive director, Atlantic Union
Committee, is a Stanford professor
emeritus of geology. Weigel is a law
yer, Stanford graduate, and a for
mer winner of the annual Joffre De
bate, now chairman of the United
World Federalists of California.
Rothwell is chairman of the Amer
ican Association for the United Na
tions, Northern California region.
The statement labeled ''Commu
nist aggression," "World War III,"
and "a growing resignation to the
view that World War 111 is inevi
table" as "three perils" which beset
America today.
"American policy," it continues, 'is
to lend strength and support to the
demand of the free nations of the
world that aggression shall be out
lawed, that disputes among nations
must be settled by right, rind not by
might."
The statement said abandoning the
United Nations "would surrender to
the Communists, without a struggle,
the battle to win the minds and
hearts of free men throughout the
world."
Three leaders of California organ
izations. all of them at one time en
gaged in work at Stanford, issued a
joint statement yesterday calling
"upon our fellow. Americans for
continued support of the United Na
tions—and its strengthening-r-as the
sole means of avoiding both appease
ment and war."
Dr. Easton S. Rothwell, assistant
chairman of the Hoover Library,
submitted the statement along with
Justin Blackwelder and Stanley A.
Weigel at the second annual state
convention of the United World
Federalists of California.
Blackwelder, Northern California
executive director, Atlantic Union
Committee, is a Stanford professor
emeritus of geology. Weigel is a law
yer, Stanford graduate, and a for
mer winner of the annual Joffre De
bate, now chairman of the United
World Federalists of California.
Rothwell is chairman of the Amer
ican Association for the United Na
tions, Northern California region.
The statement labeled ''Commu
nist aggression," "World War III,"
and "a growing resignation to the
view that World War 111 is inevi
table" as "three perils" which beset
America today.
"American policy," it continues, 'is
to lend strength and support to the
demand of the free nations of the
world that aggression shall be out
lawed, that disputes among nations
must be settled by right, rind not by
might."
The statement said abandoning the
United Nations "would surrender to
the Communists, without a struggle,
the battle to win the minds and
hearts of free men throughout the
world."
Three leaders of California organ
izations. all of them at one time en
gaged in work at Stanford, issued a
joint statement yesterday calling
"upon our fellow. Americans for
continued support of the United Na
tions—and its strengthening-r-as the
sole means of avoiding both appease
ment and war."
Dr. Easton S. Rothwell, assistant
chairman of the Hoover Library,
submitted the statement along with
Justin Blackwelder and Stanley A.
Weigel at the second annual state
convention of the United World
Federalists of California.
Blackwelder, Northern California
executive director, Atlantic Union
Committee, is a Stanford professor
emeritus of geology. Weigel is a law
yer, Stanford graduate, and a for
mer winner of the annual Joffre De
bate, now chairman of the United
World Federalists of California.
Rothwell is chairman of the Amer
ican Association for the United Na
tions, Northern California region.
The statement labeled ''Commu
nist aggression," "World War III,"
and "a growing resignation to the
view that World War 111 is inevi
table" as "three perils" which beset
America today.
"American policy," it continues, 'is
to lend strength and support to the
demand of the free nations of the
world that aggression shall be out
lawed, that disputes among nations
must be settled by right, rind not by
might."
The statement said abandoning the
United Nations "would surrender to
the Communists, without a struggle,
the battle to win the minds and
hearts of free men throughout the
world."
Three leaders of California organ
izations. all of them at one time en
gaged in work at Stanford, issued a
joint statement yesterday calling
"upon our fellow. Americans for
continued support of the United Na
tions—and its strengthening-r-as the
sole means of avoiding both appease
ment and war."
Dr. Easton S. Rothwell, assistant
chairman of the Hoover Library,
submitted the statement along with
Justin Blackwelder and Stanley A.
Weigel at the second annual state
convention of the United World
Federalists of California.
Blackwelder, Northern California
executive director, Atlantic Union
Committee, is a Stanford professor
emeritus of geology. Weigel is a law
yer, Stanford graduate, and a for
mer winner of the annual Joffre De
bate, now chairman of the United
World Federalists of California.
Rothwell is chairman of the Amer
ican Association for the United Na
tions, Northern California region.
The statement labeled ''Commu
nist aggression," "World War III,"
and "a growing resignation to the
view that World War 111 is inevi
table" as "three perils" which beset
America today.
"American policy," it continues, 'is
to lend strength and support to the
demand of the free nations of the
world that aggression shall be out
lawed, that disputes among nations
must be settled by right, rind not by
might."
The statement said abandoning the
United Nations "would surrender to
the Communists, without a struggle,
the battle to win the minds and
hearts of free men throughout the
world."
Three leaders of California organ
izations. all of them at one time en
gaged in work at Stanford, issued a
joint statement yesterday calling
"upon our fellow. Americans for
continued support of the United Na
tions—and its strengthening-r-as the
sole means of avoiding both appease
ment and war."
Dr. Easton S. Rothwell, assistant
chairman of the Hoover Library,
submitted the statement along with
Justin Blackwelder and Stanley A.
Weigel at the second annual state
convention of the United World
Federalists of California.
Blackwelder, Northern California
executive director, Atlantic Union
Committee, is a Stanford professor
emeritus of geology. Weigel is a law
yer, Stanford graduate, and a for
mer winner of the annual Joffre De
bate, now chairman of the United
World Federalists of California.
Rothwell is chairman of the Amer
ican Association for the United Na
tions, Northern California region.
The statement labeled ''Commu
nist aggression," "World War III,"
and "a growing resignation to the
view that World War 111 is inevi
table" as "three perils" which beset
America today.
"American policy," it continues, 'is
to lend strength and support to the
demand of the free nations of the
world that aggression shall be out
lawed, that disputes among nations
must be settled by right, rind not by
might."
The statement said abandoning the
United Nations "would surrender to
the Communists, without a struggle,
the battle to win the minds and
hearts of free men throughout the
world."
Three leaders of California organ
izations. all of them at one time en
gaged in work at Stanford, issued a
joint statement yesterday calling
"upon our fellow. Americans for
continued support of the United Na
tions—and its strengthening-r-as the
sole means of avoiding both appease
ment and war."
Dr. Easton S. Rothwell, assistant
chairman of the Hoover Library,
submitted the statement along with
Justin Blackwelder and Stanley A.
Weigel at the second annual state
convention of the United World
Federalists of California.
Blackwelder, Northern California
executive director, Atlantic Union
Committee, is a Stanford professor
emeritus of geology. Weigel is a law
yer, Stanford graduate, and a for
mer winner of the annual Joffre De
bate, now chairman of the United
World Federalists of California.
Rothwell is chairman of the Amer
ican Association for the United Na
tions, Northern California region.
The statement labeled ''Commu
nist aggression," "World War III,"
and "a growing resignation to the
view that World War 111 is inevi
table" as "three perils" which beset
America today.
"American policy," it continues, 'is
to lend strength and support to the
demand of the free nations of the
world that aggression shall be out
lawed, that disputes among nations
must be settled by right, rind not by
might."
The statement said abandoning the
United Nations "would surrender to
the Communists, without a struggle,
the battle to win the minds and
hearts of free men throughout the
world."
Three leaders of California organ
izations. all of them at one time en
gaged in work at Stanford, issued a
joint statement yesterday calling
"upon our fellow. Americans for
continued support of the United Na
tions—and its strengthening-r-as the
sole means of avoiding both appease
ment and war."
Dr. Easton S. Rothwell, assistant
chairman of the Hoover Library,
submitted the statement along with
Justin Blackwelder and Stanley A.
Weigel at the second annual state
convention of the United World
Federalists of California.
Blackwelder, Northern California
executive director, Atlantic Union
Committee, is a Stanford professor
emeritus of geology. Weigel is a law
yer, Stanford graduate, and a for
mer winner of the annual Joffre De
bate, now chairman of the United
World Federalists of California.
Rothwell is chairman of the Amer
ican Association for the United Na
tions, Northern California region.
The statement labeled ''Commu
nist aggression," "World War III,"
and "a growing resignation to the
view that World War 111 is inevi
table" as "three perils" which beset
America today.
"American policy," it continues, 'is
to lend strength and support to the
demand of the free nations of the
world that aggression shall be out
lawed, that disputes among nations
must be settled by right, rind not by
might."
The statement said abandoning the
United Nations "would surrender to
the Communists, without a struggle,
the battle to win the minds and
hearts of free men throughout the
world."
Three leaders of California organ
izations. all of them at one time en
gaged in work at Stanford, issued a
joint statement yesterday calling
"upon our fellow. Americans for
continued support of the United Na
tions—and its strengthening-r-as the
sole means of avoiding both appease
ment and war."
Dr. Easton S. Rothwell, assistant
chairman of the Hoover Library,
submitted the statement along with
Justin Blackwelder and Stanley A.
Weigel at the second annual state
convention of the United World
Federalists of California.
Blackwelder, Northern California
executive director, Atlantic Union
Committee, is a Stanford professor
emeritus of geology. Weigel is a law
yer, Stanford graduate, and a for
mer winner of the annual Joffre De
bate, now chairman of the United
World Federalists of California.
Rothwell is chairman of the Amer
ican Association for the United Na
tions, Northern California region.
The statement labeled ''Commu
nist aggression," "World War III,"
and "a growing resignation to the
view that World War 111 is inevi
table" as "three perils" which beset
America today.
"American policy," it continues, 'is
to lend strength and support to the
demand of the free nations of the
world that aggression shall be out
lawed, that disputes among nations
must be settled by right, rind not by
might."
The statement said abandoning the
United Nations "would surrender to
the Communists, without a struggle,
the battle to win the minds and
hearts of free men throughout the
world."
Three leaders of California organ
izations. all of them at one time en
gaged in work at Stanford, issued a
joint statement yesterday calling
"upon our fellow. Americans for
continued support of the United Na
tions—and its strengthening-r-as the
sole means of avoiding both appease
ment and war."
Dr. Easton S. Rothwell, assistant
chairman of the Hoover Library,
submitted the statement along with
Justin Blackwelder and Stanley A.
Weigel at the second annual state
convention of the United World
Federalists of California.
Blackwelder, Northern California
executive director, Atlantic Union
Committee, is a Stanford professor
emeritus of geology. Weigel is a law
yer, Stanford graduate, and a for
mer winner of the annual Joffre De
bate, now chairman of the United
World Federalists of California.
Rothwell is chairman of the Amer
ican Association for the United Na
tions, Northern California region.
The statement labeled ''Commu
nist aggression," "World War III,"
and "a growing resignation to the
view that World War 111 is inevi
table" as "three perils" which beset
America today.
"American policy," it continues, 'is
to lend strength and support to the
demand of the free nations of the
world that aggression shall be out
lawed, that disputes among nations
must be settled by right, rind not by
might."
The statement said abandoning the
United Nations "would surrender to
the Communists, without a struggle,
the battle to win the minds and
hearts of free men throughout the
world."
Three leaders of California organ
izations. all of them at one time en
gaged in work at Stanford, issued a
joint statement yesterday calling
"upon our fellow. Americans for
continued support of the United Na
tions—and its strengthening-r-as the
sole means of avoiding both appease
ment and war."
Dr. Easton S. Rothwell, assistant
chairman of the Hoover Library,
submitted the statement along with
Justin Blackwelder and Stanley A.
Weigel at the second annual state
convention of the United World
Federalists of California.
Blackwelder, Northern California
executive director, Atlantic Union
Committee, is a Stanford professor
emeritus of geology. Weigel is a law
yer, Stanford graduate, and a for
mer winner of the annual Joffre De
bate, now chairman of the United
World Federalists of California.
Rothwell is chairman of the Amer
ican Association for the United Na
tions, Northern California region.
The statement labeled ''Commu
nist aggression," "World War III,"
and "a growing resignation to the
view that World War 111 is inevi
table" as "three perils" which beset
America today.
"American policy," it continues, 'is
to lend strength and support to the
demand of the free nations of the
world that aggression shall be out
lawed, that disputes among nations
must be settled by right, rind not by
might."
The statement said abandoning the
United Nations "would surrender to
the Communists, without a struggle,
the battle to win the minds and
hearts of free men throughout the
world."
Three leaders of California organ
izations. all of them at one time en
gaged in work at Stanford, issued a
joint statement yesterday calling
"upon our fellow. Americans for
continued support of the United Na
tions—and its strengthening-r-as the
sole means of avoiding both appease
ment and war."
Dr. Easton S. Rothwell, assistant
chairman of the Hoover Library,
submitted the statement along with
Justin Blackwelder and Stanley A.
Weigel at the second annual state
convention of the United World
Federalists of California.
Blackwelder, Northern California
executive director, Atlantic Union
Committee, is a Stanford professor
emeritus of geology. Weigel is a law
yer, Stanford graduate, and a for
mer winner of the annual Joffre De
bate, now chairman of the United
World Federalists of California.
Rothwell is chairman of the Amer
ican Association for the United Na
tions, Northern California region.
The statement labeled ''Commu
nist aggression," "World War III,"
and "a growing resignation to the
view that World War 111 is inevi
table" as "three perils" which beset
America today.
"American policy," it continues, 'is
to lend strength and support to the
demand of the free nations of the
world that aggression shall be out
lawed, that disputes among nations
must be settled by right, rind not by
might."
The statement said abandoning the
United Nations "would surrender to
the Communists, without a struggle,
the battle to win the minds and
hearts of free men throughout the
world."
Three leaders of California organ
izations. all of them at one time en
gaged in work at Stanford, issued a
joint statement yesterday calling
"upon our fellow. Americans for
continued support of the United Na
tions—and its strengthening-r-as the
sole means of avoiding both appease
ment and war."
Dr. Easton S. Rothwell, assistant
chairman of the Hoover Library,
submitted the statement along with
Justin Blackwelder and Stanley A.
Weigel at the second annual state
convention of the United World
Federalists of California.
Blackwelder, Northern California
executive director, Atlantic Union
Committee, is a Stanford professor
emeritus of geology. Weigel is a law
yer, Stanford graduate, and a for
mer winner of the annual Joffre De
bate, now chairman of the United
World Federalists of California.
Rothwell is chairman of the Amer
ican Association for the United Na
tions, Northern California region.
The statement labeled ''Commu
nist aggression," "World War III,"
and "a growing resignation to the
view that World War 111 is inevi
table" as "three perils" which beset
America today.
"American policy," it continues, 'is
to lend strength and support to the
demand of the free nations of the
world that aggression shall be out
lawed, that disputes among nations
must be settled by right, rind not by
might."
The statement said abandoning the
United Nations "would surrender to
the Communists, without a struggle,
the battle to win the minds and
hearts of free men throughout the
world."
Three leaders of California organ
izations. all of them at one time en
gaged in work at Stanford, issued a
joint statement yesterday calling
"upon our fellow. Americans for
continued support of the United Na
tions—and its strengthening-r-as the
sole means of avoiding both appease
ment and war."
Dr. Easton S. Rothwell, assistant
chairman of the Hoover Library,
submitted the statement along with
Justin Blackwelder and Stanley A.
Weigel at the second annual state
convention of the United World
Federalists of California.
Blackwelder, Northern California
executive director, Atlantic Union
Committee, is a Stanford professor
emeritus of geology. Weigel is a law
yer, Stanford graduate, and a for
mer winner of the annual Joffre De
bate, now chairman of the United
World Federalists of California.
Rothwell is chairman of the Amer
ican Association for the United Na
tions, Northern California region.
The statement labeled ''Commu
nist aggression," "World War III,"
and "a growing resignation to the
view that World War 111 is inevi
table" as "three perils" which beset
America today.
"American policy," it continues, 'is
to lend strength and support to the
demand of the free nations of the
world that aggression shall be out
lawed, that disputes among nations
must be settled by right, rind not by
might."
The statement said abandoning the
United Nations "would surrender to
the Communists, without a struggle,
the battle to win the minds and
hearts of free men throughout the
world."
Three leaders of California organ
izations. all of them at one time en
gaged in work at Stanford, issued a
joint statement yesterday calling
"upon our fellow. Americans for
continued support of the United Na
tions—and its strengthening-r-as the
sole means of avoiding both appease
ment and war."
Dr. Easton S. Rothwell, assistant
chairman of the Hoover Library,
submitted the statement along with
Justin Blackwelder and Stanley A.
Weigel at the second annual state
convention of the United World
Federalists of California.
Blackwelder, Northern California
executive director, Atlantic Union
Committee, is a Stanford professor
emeritus of geology. Weigel is a law
yer, Stanford graduate, and a for
mer winner of the annual Joffre De
bate, now chairman of the United
World Federalists of California.
Rothwell is chairman of the Amer
ican Association for the United Na
tions, Northern California region.
The statement labeled ''Commu
nist aggression," "World War III,"
and "a growing resignation to the
view that World War 111 is inevi
table" as "three perils" which beset
America today.
"American policy," it continues, 'is
to lend strength and support to the
demand of the free nations of the
world that aggression shall be out
lawed, that disputes among nations
must be settled by right, rind not by
might."
The statement said abandoning the
United Nations "would surrender to
the Communists, without a struggle,
the battle to win the minds and
hearts of free men throughout the
world."
Three leaders of California organ
izations. all of them at one time en
gaged in work at Stanford, issued a
joint statement yesterday calling
"upon our fellow. Americans for
continued support of the United Na
tions—and its strengthening-r-as the
sole means of avoiding both appease
ment and war."
Dr. Easton S. Rothwell, assistant
chairman of the Hoover Library,
submitted the statement along with
Justin Blackwelder and Stanley A.
Weigel at the second annual state
convention of the United World
Federalists of California.
Blackwelder, Northern California
executive director, Atlantic Union
Committee, is a Stanford professor
emeritus of geology. Weigel is a law
yer, Stanford graduate, and a for
mer winner of the annual Joffre De
bate, now chairman of the United
World Federalists of California.
Rothwell is chairman of the Amer
ican Association for the United Na
tions, Northern California region.
The statement labeled ''Commu
nist aggression," "World War III,"
and "a growing resignation to the
view that World War 111 is inevi
table" as "three perils" which beset
America today.
"American policy," it continues, 'is
to lend strength and support to the
demand of the free nations of the
world that aggression shall be out
lawed, that disputes among nations
must be settled by right, rind not by
might."
The statement said abandoning the
United Nations "would surrender to
the Communists, without a struggle,
the battle to win the minds and
hearts of free men throughout the
world."
