# ...Behind the Lines
## 
### 

REST AFTER BATTLE — American soldiers at ease in a rest
area after battling Chinese Communist forces, get some read
ing matter from a Red Cross field worker.

REST AFTER BATTLE — American soldiers at ease in a rest
area after battling Chinese Communist forces, get some read
ing matter from a Red Cross field worker.

REST AFTER BATTLE — American soldiers at ease in a rest
area after battling Chinese Communist forces, get some read
ing matter from a Red Cross field worker.

REST AFTER BATTLE — American soldiers at ease in a rest
area after battling Chinese Communist forces, get some read
ing matter from a Red Cross field worker.

REST AFTER BATTLE — American soldiers at ease in a rest
area after battling Chinese Communist forces, get some read
ing matter from a Red Cross field worker.

REST AFTER BATTLE — American soldiers at ease in a rest
area after battling Chinese Communist forces, get some read
ing matter from a Red Cross field worker.

REST AFTER BATTLE — American soldiers at ease in a rest
area after battling Chinese Communist forces, get some read
ing matter from a Red Cross field worker.

REST AFTER BATTLE — American soldiers at ease in a rest
area after battling Chinese Communist forces, get some read
ing matter from a Red Cross field worker.

REST AFTER BATTLE — American soldiers at ease in a rest
area after battling Chinese Communist forces, get some read
ing matter from a Red Cross field worker.

REST AFTER BATTLE — American soldiers at ease in a rest
area after battling Chinese Communist forces, get some read
ing matter from a Red Cross field worker.

REST AFTER BATTLE — American soldiers at ease in a rest
area after battling Chinese Communist forces, get some read
ing matter from a Red Cross field worker.

REST AFTER BATTLE — American soldiers at ease in a rest
area after battling Chinese Communist forces, get some read
ing matter from a Red Cross field worker.

REST AFTER BATTLE — American soldiers at ease in a rest
area after battling Chinese Communist forces, get some read
ing matter from a Red Cross field worker.

REST AFTER BATTLE — American soldiers at ease in a rest
area after battling Chinese Communist forces, get some read
ing matter from a Red Cross field worker.

REST AFTER BATTLE — American soldiers at ease in a rest
area after battling Chinese Communist forces, get some read
ing matter from a Red Cross field worker.
