# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
f?oth House announces the en
gagement of Donna Douglass, '53, to
Jim Kaufman, '52, Thcta Xi, Univer
sity of California at Berkeley.
f?oth House announces the en
gagement of Donna Douglass, '53, to
Jim Kaufman, '52, Thcta Xi, Univer
sity of California at Berkeley.
f?oth House announces the en
gagement of Donna Douglass, '53, to
Jim Kaufman, '52, Thcta Xi, Univer
sity of California at Berkeley.
f?oth House announces the en
gagement of Donna Douglass, '53, to
Jim Kaufman, '52, Thcta Xi, Univer
sity of California at Berkeley.
f?oth House announces the en
gagement of Donna Douglass, '53, to
Jim Kaufman, '52, Thcta Xi, Univer
sity of California at Berkeley.
f?oth House announces the en
gagement of Donna Douglass, '53, to
Jim Kaufman, '52, Thcta Xi, Univer
sity of California at Berkeley.
f?oth House announces the en
gagement of Donna Douglass, '53, to
Jim Kaufman, '52, Thcta Xi, Univer
sity of California at Berkeley.
f?oth House announces the en
gagement of Donna Douglass, '53, to
Jim Kaufman, '52, Thcta Xi, Univer
sity of California at Berkeley.
f?oth House announces the en
gagement of Donna Douglass, '53, to
Jim Kaufman, '52, Thcta Xi, Univer
sity of California at Berkeley.
f?oth House announces the en
gagement of Donna Douglass, '53, to
Jim Kaufman, '52, Thcta Xi, Univer
sity of California at Berkeley.
f?oth House announces the en
gagement of Donna Douglass, '53, to
Jim Kaufman, '52, Thcta Xi, Univer
sity of California at Berkeley.
f?oth House announces the en
gagement of Donna Douglass, '53, to
Jim Kaufman, '52, Thcta Xi, Univer
sity of California at Berkeley.
f?oth House announces the en
gagement of Donna Douglass, '53, to
Jim Kaufman, '52, Thcta Xi, Univer
sity of California at Berkeley.
f?oth House announces the en
gagement of Donna Douglass, '53, to
Jim Kaufman, '52, Thcta Xi, Univer
sity of California at Berkeley.
f?oth House announces the en
gagement of Donna Douglass, '53, to
Jim Kaufman, '52, Thcta Xi, Univer
sity of California at Berkeley.
