# New Red Attacks
## 
### 
TO K Y O — A Communist push
along a 40-mile line in the snowy
mountains of central Korea gained
more than 10 miles and left in doubt
the fate of two entire South Korean
divisions which bore the brunt of
the Red blows.
United Nations forces abandoned
Hoengsong, anchor base of the Allied
line, after 24 hours of vicious hand
to-hand fighting.
A front dispatch said some of the
Communist units were fighting al
most 10 miles farther south, near
Wonju.
Military sources called the assault
a "major attack" but still were re
luctant to term it an "all out" Chi
nese - North Korean counter - offen
sive.
TO K Y O — A Communist push
along a 40-mile line in the snowy
mountains of central Korea gained
more than 10 miles and left in doubt
the fate of two entire South Korean
divisions which bore the brunt of
the Red blows.
United Nations forces abandoned
Hoengsong, anchor base of the Allied
line, after 24 hours of vicious hand
to-hand fighting.
A front dispatch said some of the
Communist units were fighting al
most 10 miles farther south, near
Wonju.
Military sources called the assault
a "major attack" but still were re
luctant to term it an "all out" Chi
nese - North Korean counter - offen
sive.
TO K Y O — A Communist push
along a 40-mile line in the snowy
mountains of central Korea gained
more than 10 miles and left in doubt
the fate of two entire South Korean
divisions which bore the brunt of
the Red blows.
United Nations forces abandoned
Hoengsong, anchor base of the Allied
line, after 24 hours of vicious hand
to-hand fighting.
A front dispatch said some of the
Communist units were fighting al
most 10 miles farther south, near
Wonju.
Military sources called the assault
a "major attack" but still were re
luctant to term it an "all out" Chi
nese - North Korean counter - offen
sive.
TO K Y O — A Communist push
along a 40-mile line in the snowy
mountains of central Korea gained
more than 10 miles and left in doubt
the fate of two entire South Korean
divisions which bore the brunt of
the Red blows.
United Nations forces abandoned
Hoengsong, anchor base of the Allied
line, after 24 hours of vicious hand
to-hand fighting.
A front dispatch said some of the
Communist units were fighting al
most 10 miles farther south, near
Wonju.
Military sources called the assault
a "major attack" but still were re
luctant to term it an "all out" Chi
nese - North Korean counter - offen
sive.
TO K Y O — A Communist push
along a 40-mile line in the snowy
mountains of central Korea gained
more than 10 miles and left in doubt
the fate of two entire South Korean
divisions which bore the brunt of
the Red blows.
United Nations forces abandoned
Hoengsong, anchor base of the Allied
line, after 24 hours of vicious hand
to-hand fighting.
A front dispatch said some of the
Communist units were fighting al
most 10 miles farther south, near
Wonju.
Military sources called the assault
a "major attack" but still were re
luctant to term it an "all out" Chi
nese - North Korean counter - offen
sive.
TO K Y O — A Communist push
along a 40-mile line in the snowy
mountains of central Korea gained
more than 10 miles and left in doubt
the fate of two entire South Korean
divisions which bore the brunt of
the Red blows.
United Nations forces abandoned
Hoengsong, anchor base of the Allied
line, after 24 hours of vicious hand
to-hand fighting.
A front dispatch said some of the
Communist units were fighting al
most 10 miles farther south, near
Wonju.
Military sources called the assault
a "major attack" but still were re
luctant to term it an "all out" Chi
nese - North Korean counter - offen
sive.
TO K Y O — A Communist push
along a 40-mile line in the snowy
mountains of central Korea gained
more than 10 miles and left in doubt
the fate of two entire South Korean
divisions which bore the brunt of
the Red blows.
United Nations forces abandoned
Hoengsong, anchor base of the Allied
line, after 24 hours of vicious hand
to-hand fighting.
A front dispatch said some of the
Communist units were fighting al
most 10 miles farther south, near
Wonju.
Military sources called the assault
a "major attack" but still were re
luctant to term it an "all out" Chi
nese - North Korean counter - offen
sive.
TO K Y O — A Communist push
along a 40-mile line in the snowy
mountains of central Korea gained
more than 10 miles and left in doubt
the fate of two entire South Korean
divisions which bore the brunt of
the Red blows.
United Nations forces abandoned
Hoengsong, anchor base of the Allied
line, after 24 hours of vicious hand
to-hand fighting.
A front dispatch said some of the
Communist units were fighting al
most 10 miles farther south, near
Wonju.
Military sources called the assault
a "major attack" but still were re
luctant to term it an "all out" Chi
nese - North Korean counter - offen
sive.
TO K Y O — A Communist push
along a 40-mile line in the snowy
mountains of central Korea gained
more than 10 miles and left in doubt
the fate of two entire South Korean
divisions which bore the brunt of
the Red blows.
United Nations forces abandoned
Hoengsong, anchor base of the Allied
line, after 24 hours of vicious hand
to-hand fighting.
A front dispatch said some of the
Communist units were fighting al
most 10 miles farther south, near
Wonju.
Military sources called the assault
a "major attack" but still were re
luctant to term it an "all out" Chi
nese - North Korean counter - offen
sive.
TO K Y O — A Communist push
along a 40-mile line in the snowy
mountains of central Korea gained
more than 10 miles and left in doubt
the fate of two entire South Korean
divisions which bore the brunt of
the Red blows.
United Nations forces abandoned
Hoengsong, anchor base of the Allied
line, after 24 hours of vicious hand
to-hand fighting.
A front dispatch said some of the
Communist units were fighting al
most 10 miles farther south, near
Wonju.
Military sources called the assault
a "major attack" but still were re
luctant to term it an "all out" Chi
nese - North Korean counter - offen
sive.
TO K Y O — A Communist push
along a 40-mile line in the snowy
mountains of central Korea gained
more than 10 miles and left in doubt
the fate of two entire South Korean
divisions which bore the brunt of
the Red blows.
United Nations forces abandoned
Hoengsong, anchor base of the Allied
line, after 24 hours of vicious hand
to-hand fighting.
A front dispatch said some of the
Communist units were fighting al
most 10 miles farther south, near
Wonju.
Military sources called the assault
a "major attack" but still were re
luctant to term it an "all out" Chi
nese - North Korean counter - offen
sive.
TO K Y O — A Communist push
along a 40-mile line in the snowy
mountains of central Korea gained
more than 10 miles and left in doubt
the fate of two entire South Korean
divisions which bore the brunt of
the Red blows.
United Nations forces abandoned
Hoengsong, anchor base of the Allied
line, after 24 hours of vicious hand
to-hand fighting.
A front dispatch said some of the
Communist units were fighting al
most 10 miles farther south, near
Wonju.
Military sources called the assault
a "major attack" but still were re
luctant to term it an "all out" Chi
nese - North Korean counter - offen
sive.
TO K Y O — A Communist push
along a 40-mile line in the snowy
mountains of central Korea gained
more than 10 miles and left in doubt
the fate of two entire South Korean
divisions which bore the brunt of
the Red blows.
United Nations forces abandoned
Hoengsong, anchor base of the Allied
line, after 24 hours of vicious hand
to-hand fighting.
A front dispatch said some of the
Communist units were fighting al
most 10 miles farther south, near
Wonju.
Military sources called the assault
a "major attack" but still were re
luctant to term it an "all out" Chi
nese - North Korean counter - offen
sive.
TO K Y O — A Communist push
along a 40-mile line in the snowy
mountains of central Korea gained
more than 10 miles and left in doubt
the fate of two entire South Korean
divisions which bore the brunt of
the Red blows.
United Nations forces abandoned
Hoengsong, anchor base of the Allied
line, after 24 hours of vicious hand
to-hand fighting.
A front dispatch said some of the
Communist units were fighting al
most 10 miles farther south, near
Wonju.
Military sources called the assault
a "major attack" but still were re
luctant to term it an "all out" Chi
nese - North Korean counter - offen
sive.
TO K Y O — A Communist push
along a 40-mile line in the snowy
mountains of central Korea gained
more than 10 miles and left in doubt
the fate of two entire South Korean
divisions which bore the brunt of
the Red blows.
United Nations forces abandoned
Hoengsong, anchor base of the Allied
line, after 24 hours of vicious hand
to-hand fighting.
A front dispatch said some of the
Communist units were fighting al
most 10 miles farther south, near
Wonju.
Military sources called the assault
a "major attack" but still were re
luctant to term it an "all out" Chi
nese - North Korean counter - offen
sive.
