# Utensil Company Wants Salesmen
## 
### 
Representatives of the Wear-ever
Aluminum Co. will be at the Stu
dent Employment Office Thursday to
interview men for sales work in the
Peninsula area. The job entails part
time sales work now, with full-time
work in the summer. Work may also
continue into the fall. New salesmen
will be put through a training pro
gram.
Interested students should make
appointments for interviews before
Thursday.
Representatives of the Wear-ever
Aluminum Co. will be at the Stu
dent Employment Office Thursday to
interview men for sales work in the
Peninsula area. The job entails part
time sales work now, with full-time
work in the summer. Work may also
continue into the fall. New salesmen
will be put through a training pro
gram.
Interested students should make
appointments for interviews before
Thursday.
Representatives of the Wear-ever
Aluminum Co. will be at the Stu
dent Employment Office Thursday to
interview men for sales work in the
Peninsula area. The job entails part
time sales work now, with full-time
work in the summer. Work may also
continue into the fall. New salesmen
will be put through a training pro
gram.
Interested students should make
appointments for interviews before
Thursday.
Representatives of the Wear-ever
Aluminum Co. will be at the Stu
dent Employment Office Thursday to
interview men for sales work in the
Peninsula area. The job entails part
time sales work now, with full-time
work in the summer. Work may also
continue into the fall. New salesmen
will be put through a training pro
gram.
Interested students should make
appointments for interviews before
Thursday.
Representatives of the Wear-ever
Aluminum Co. will be at the Stu
dent Employment Office Thursday to
interview men for sales work in the
Peninsula area. The job entails part
time sales work now, with full-time
work in the summer. Work may also
continue into the fall. New salesmen
will be put through a training pro
gram.
Interested students should make
appointments for interviews before
Thursday.
Representatives of the Wear-ever
Aluminum Co. will be at the Stu
dent Employment Office Thursday to
interview men for sales work in the
Peninsula area. The job entails part
time sales work now, with full-time
work in the summer. Work may also
continue into the fall. New salesmen
will be put through a training pro
gram.
Interested students should make
appointments for interviews before
Thursday.
Representatives of the Wear-ever
Aluminum Co. will be at the Stu
dent Employment Office Thursday to
interview men for sales work in the
Peninsula area. The job entails part
time sales work now, with full-time
work in the summer. Work may also
continue into the fall. New salesmen
will be put through a training pro
gram.
Interested students should make
appointments for interviews before
Thursday.
Representatives of the Wear-ever
Aluminum Co. will be at the Stu
dent Employment Office Thursday to
interview men for sales work in the
Peninsula area. The job entails part
time sales work now, with full-time
work in the summer. Work may also
continue into the fall. New salesmen
will be put through a training pro
gram.
Interested students should make
appointments for interviews before
Thursday.
Representatives of the Wear-ever
Aluminum Co. will be at the Stu
dent Employment Office Thursday to
interview men for sales work in the
Peninsula area. The job entails part
time sales work now, with full-time
work in the summer. Work may also
continue into the fall. New salesmen
will be put through a training pro
gram.
Interested students should make
appointments for interviews before
Thursday.
Representatives of the Wear-ever
Aluminum Co. will be at the Stu
dent Employment Office Thursday to
interview men for sales work in the
Peninsula area. The job entails part
time sales work now, with full-time
work in the summer. Work may also
continue into the fall. New salesmen
will be put through a training pro
gram.
Interested students should make
appointments for interviews before
Thursday.
Representatives of the Wear-ever
Aluminum Co. will be at the Stu
dent Employment Office Thursday to
interview men for sales work in the
Peninsula area. The job entails part
time sales work now, with full-time
work in the summer. Work may also
continue into the fall. New salesmen
will be put through a training pro
gram.
Interested students should make
appointments for interviews before
Thursday.
Representatives of the Wear-ever
Aluminum Co. will be at the Stu
dent Employment Office Thursday to
interview men for sales work in the
Peninsula area. The job entails part
time sales work now, with full-time
work in the summer. Work may also
continue into the fall. New salesmen
will be put through a training pro
gram.
Interested students should make
appointments for interviews before
Thursday.
Representatives of the Wear-ever
Aluminum Co. will be at the Stu
dent Employment Office Thursday to
interview men for sales work in the
Peninsula area. The job entails part
time sales work now, with full-time
work in the summer. Work may also
continue into the fall. New salesmen
will be put through a training pro
gram.
Interested students should make
appointments for interviews before
Thursday.
Representatives of the Wear-ever
Aluminum Co. will be at the Stu
dent Employment Office Thursday to
interview men for sales work in the
Peninsula area. The job entails part
time sales work now, with full-time
work in the summer. Work may also
continue into the fall. New salesmen
will be put through a training pro
gram.
Interested students should make
appointments for interviews before
Thursday.
Representatives of the Wear-ever
Aluminum Co. will be at the Stu
dent Employment Office Thursday to
interview men for sales work in the
Peninsula area. The job entails part
time sales work now, with full-time
work in the summer. Work may also
continue into the fall. New salesmen
will be put through a training pro
gram.
Interested students should make
appointments for interviews before
Thursday.
