# QUAD PROOFS
## 
### 
Proofs of individual Quad pic
tures are now at the Quad office
and may be picked up from 1 to 5
in the afternoon. They must be
marked and returned by Monday.
New office hours at tfie Quad are
1 to 5 p.m.
Proofs of individual Quad pic
tures are now at the Quad office
and may be picked up from 1 to 5
in the afternoon. They must be
marked and returned by Monday.
New office hours at tfie Quad are
1 to 5 p.m.
Proofs of individual Quad pic
tures are now at the Quad office
and may be picked up from 1 to 5
in the afternoon. They must be
marked and returned by Monday.
New office hours at tfie Quad are
1 to 5 p.m.
Proofs of individual Quad pic
tures are now at the Quad office
and may be picked up from 1 to 5
in the afternoon. They must be
marked and returned by Monday.
New office hours at tfie Quad are
1 to 5 p.m.
Proofs of individual Quad pic
tures are now at the Quad office
and may be picked up from 1 to 5
in the afternoon. They must be
marked and returned by Monday.
New office hours at tfie Quad are
1 to 5 p.m.
Proofs of individual Quad pic
tures are now at the Quad office
and may be picked up from 1 to 5
in the afternoon. They must be
marked and returned by Monday.
New office hours at tfie Quad are
1 to 5 p.m.
Proofs of individual Quad pic
tures are now at the Quad office
and may be picked up from 1 to 5
in the afternoon. They must be
marked and returned by Monday.
New office hours at tfie Quad are
1 to 5 p.m.
Proofs of individual Quad pic
tures are now at the Quad office
and may be picked up from 1 to 5
in the afternoon. They must be
marked and returned by Monday.
New office hours at tfie Quad are
1 to 5 p.m.
Proofs of individual Quad pic
tures are now at the Quad office
and may be picked up from 1 to 5
in the afternoon. They must be
marked and returned by Monday.
New office hours at tfie Quad are
1 to 5 p.m.
Proofs of individual Quad pic
tures are now at the Quad office
and may be picked up from 1 to 5
in the afternoon. They must be
marked and returned by Monday.
New office hours at tfie Quad are
1 to 5 p.m.
Proofs of individual Quad pic
tures are now at the Quad office
and may be picked up from 1 to 5
in the afternoon. They must be
marked and returned by Monday.
New office hours at tfie Quad are
1 to 5 p.m.
Proofs of individual Quad pic
tures are now at the Quad office
and may be picked up from 1 to 5
in the afternoon. They must be
marked and returned by Monday.
New office hours at tfie Quad are
1 to 5 p.m.
Proofs of individual Quad pic
tures are now at the Quad office
and may be picked up from 1 to 5
in the afternoon. They must be
marked and returned by Monday.
New office hours at tfie Quad are
1 to 5 p.m.
Proofs of individual Quad pic
tures are now at the Quad office
and may be picked up from 1 to 5
in the afternoon. They must be
marked and returned by Monday.
New office hours at tfie Quad are
1 to 5 p.m.
Proofs of individual Quad pic
tures are now at the Quad office
and may be picked up from 1 to 5
in the afternoon. They must be
marked and returned by Monday.
New office hours at tfie Quad are
1 to 5 p.m.
