# Journalism Is Vocom Topic
## 
### 
Opportunities for women in
newspaper, magazine, and adver
tising fields will be discussed to
morrow night at 7:15 at the Vocom
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Elinor Cogswell, Stanford grad
uate and editor of the Palo Alto
limes, will speak on newspaper
work; Mrs. Lucrezia Kemper, Pa
cific Coast manager of the Alber
Frank - Guenther Law Advertising
Agency, will tell of opportunities
in advertising; and Joanne O'Brien,
former Stanford graduate now with
Sunset Magazine, will give first
hand experience concerning maga
zine positions.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, head of the
journalism department, will be
moderator for the program. Sandra
Meitus is chairman.
Sophomore Vocom members Jan
et Groch and Pat Geary will assist
with the program.


DR. CHILTON R. RUSH
Opportunities for women in
newspaper, magazine, and adver
tising fields will be discussed to
morrow night at 7:15 at the Vocom
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Elinor Cogswell, Stanford grad
uate and editor of the Palo Alto
limes, will speak on newspaper
work; Mrs. Lucrezia Kemper, Pa
cific Coast manager of the Alber
Frank - Guenther Law Advertising
Agency, will tell of opportunities
in advertising; and Joanne O'Brien,
former Stanford graduate now with
Sunset Magazine, will give first
hand experience concerning maga
zine positions.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, head of the
journalism department, will be
moderator for the program. Sandra
Meitus is chairman.
Sophomore Vocom members Jan
et Groch and Pat Geary will assist
with the program.


DR. CHILTON R. RUSH
Opportunities for women in
newspaper, magazine, and adver
tising fields will be discussed to
morrow night at 7:15 at the Vocom
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Elinor Cogswell, Stanford grad
uate and editor of the Palo Alto
limes, will speak on newspaper
work; Mrs. Lucrezia Kemper, Pa
cific Coast manager of the Alber
Frank - Guenther Law Advertising
Agency, will tell of opportunities
in advertising; and Joanne O'Brien,
former Stanford graduate now with
Sunset Magazine, will give first
hand experience concerning maga
zine positions.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, head of the
journalism department, will be
moderator for the program. Sandra
Meitus is chairman.
Sophomore Vocom members Jan
et Groch and Pat Geary will assist
with the program.


DR. CHILTON R. RUSH
Opportunities for women in
newspaper, magazine, and adver
tising fields will be discussed to
morrow night at 7:15 at the Vocom
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Elinor Cogswell, Stanford grad
uate and editor of the Palo Alto
limes, will speak on newspaper
work; Mrs. Lucrezia Kemper, Pa
cific Coast manager of the Alber
Frank - Guenther Law Advertising
Agency, will tell of opportunities
in advertising; and Joanne O'Brien,
former Stanford graduate now with
Sunset Magazine, will give first
hand experience concerning maga
zine positions.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, head of the
journalism department, will be
moderator for the program. Sandra
Meitus is chairman.
Sophomore Vocom members Jan
et Groch and Pat Geary will assist
with the program.


DR. CHILTON R. RUSH
Opportunities for women in
newspaper, magazine, and adver
tising fields will be discussed to
morrow night at 7:15 at the Vocom
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Elinor Cogswell, Stanford grad
uate and editor of the Palo Alto
limes, will speak on newspaper
work; Mrs. Lucrezia Kemper, Pa
cific Coast manager of the Alber
Frank - Guenther Law Advertising
Agency, will tell of opportunities
in advertising; and Joanne O'Brien,
former Stanford graduate now with
Sunset Magazine, will give first
hand experience concerning maga
zine positions.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, head of the
journalism department, will be
moderator for the program. Sandra
Meitus is chairman.
Sophomore Vocom members Jan
et Groch and Pat Geary will assist
with the program.


DR. CHILTON R. RUSH
Opportunities for women in
newspaper, magazine, and adver
tising fields will be discussed to
morrow night at 7:15 at the Vocom
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Elinor Cogswell, Stanford grad
uate and editor of the Palo Alto
limes, will speak on newspaper
work; Mrs. Lucrezia Kemper, Pa
cific Coast manager of the Alber
Frank - Guenther Law Advertising
Agency, will tell of opportunities
in advertising; and Joanne O'Brien,
former Stanford graduate now with
Sunset Magazine, will give first
hand experience concerning maga
zine positions.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, head of the
journalism department, will be
moderator for the program. Sandra
Meitus is chairman.
Sophomore Vocom members Jan
et Groch and Pat Geary will assist
with the program.


DR. CHILTON R. RUSH
Opportunities for women in
newspaper, magazine, and adver
tising fields will be discussed to
morrow night at 7:15 at the Vocom
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Elinor Cogswell, Stanford grad
uate and editor of the Palo Alto
limes, will speak on newspaper
work; Mrs. Lucrezia Kemper, Pa
cific Coast manager of the Alber
Frank - Guenther Law Advertising
Agency, will tell of opportunities
in advertising; and Joanne O'Brien,
former Stanford graduate now with
Sunset Magazine, will give first
hand experience concerning maga
zine positions.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, head of the
journalism department, will be
moderator for the program. Sandra
Meitus is chairman.
Sophomore Vocom members Jan
et Groch and Pat Geary will assist
with the program.


DR. CHILTON R. RUSH
Opportunities for women in
newspaper, magazine, and adver
tising fields will be discussed to
morrow night at 7:15 at the Vocom
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Elinor Cogswell, Stanford grad
uate and editor of the Palo Alto
limes, will speak on newspaper
work; Mrs. Lucrezia Kemper, Pa
cific Coast manager of the Alber
Frank - Guenther Law Advertising
Agency, will tell of opportunities
in advertising; and Joanne O'Brien,
former Stanford graduate now with
Sunset Magazine, will give first
hand experience concerning maga
zine positions.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, head of the
journalism department, will be
moderator for the program. Sandra
Meitus is chairman.
Sophomore Vocom members Jan
et Groch and Pat Geary will assist
with the program.


DR. CHILTON R. RUSH
Opportunities for women in
newspaper, magazine, and adver
tising fields will be discussed to
morrow night at 7:15 at the Vocom
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Elinor Cogswell, Stanford grad
uate and editor of the Palo Alto
limes, will speak on newspaper
work; Mrs. Lucrezia Kemper, Pa
cific Coast manager of the Alber
Frank - Guenther Law Advertising
Agency, will tell of opportunities
in advertising; and Joanne O'Brien,
former Stanford graduate now with
Sunset Magazine, will give first
hand experience concerning maga
zine positions.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, head of the
journalism department, will be
moderator for the program. Sandra
Meitus is chairman.
Sophomore Vocom members Jan
et Groch and Pat Geary will assist
with the program.


DR. CHILTON R. RUSH
Opportunities for women in
newspaper, magazine, and adver
tising fields will be discussed to
morrow night at 7:15 at the Vocom
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Elinor Cogswell, Stanford grad
uate and editor of the Palo Alto
limes, will speak on newspaper
work; Mrs. Lucrezia Kemper, Pa
cific Coast manager of the Alber
Frank - Guenther Law Advertising
Agency, will tell of opportunities
in advertising; and Joanne O'Brien,
former Stanford graduate now with
Sunset Magazine, will give first
hand experience concerning maga
zine positions.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, head of the
journalism department, will be
moderator for the program. Sandra
Meitus is chairman.
Sophomore Vocom members Jan
et Groch and Pat Geary will assist
with the program.


DR. CHILTON R. RUSH
Opportunities for women in
newspaper, magazine, and adver
tising fields will be discussed to
morrow night at 7:15 at the Vocom
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Elinor Cogswell, Stanford grad
uate and editor of the Palo Alto
limes, will speak on newspaper
work; Mrs. Lucrezia Kemper, Pa
cific Coast manager of the Alber
Frank - Guenther Law Advertising
Agency, will tell of opportunities
in advertising; and Joanne O'Brien,
former Stanford graduate now with
Sunset Magazine, will give first
hand experience concerning maga
zine positions.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, head of the
journalism department, will be
moderator for the program. Sandra
Meitus is chairman.
Sophomore Vocom members Jan
et Groch and Pat Geary will assist
with the program.


DR. CHILTON R. RUSH
Opportunities for women in
newspaper, magazine, and adver
tising fields will be discussed to
morrow night at 7:15 at the Vocom
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Elinor Cogswell, Stanford grad
uate and editor of the Palo Alto
limes, will speak on newspaper
work; Mrs. Lucrezia Kemper, Pa
cific Coast manager of the Alber
Frank - Guenther Law Advertising
Agency, will tell of opportunities
in advertising; and Joanne O'Brien,
former Stanford graduate now with
Sunset Magazine, will give first
hand experience concerning maga
zine positions.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, head of the
journalism department, will be
moderator for the program. Sandra
Meitus is chairman.
Sophomore Vocom members Jan
et Groch and Pat Geary will assist
with the program.


DR. CHILTON R. RUSH
Opportunities for women in
newspaper, magazine, and adver
tising fields will be discussed to
morrow night at 7:15 at the Vocom
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Elinor Cogswell, Stanford grad
uate and editor of the Palo Alto
limes, will speak on newspaper
work; Mrs. Lucrezia Kemper, Pa
cific Coast manager of the Alber
Frank - Guenther Law Advertising
Agency, will tell of opportunities
in advertising; and Joanne O'Brien,
former Stanford graduate now with
Sunset Magazine, will give first
hand experience concerning maga
zine positions.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, head of the
journalism department, will be
moderator for the program. Sandra
Meitus is chairman.
Sophomore Vocom members Jan
et Groch and Pat Geary will assist
with the program.


DR. CHILTON R. RUSH
Opportunities for women in
newspaper, magazine, and adver
tising fields will be discussed to
morrow night at 7:15 at the Vocom
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Elinor Cogswell, Stanford grad
uate and editor of the Palo Alto
limes, will speak on newspaper
work; Mrs. Lucrezia Kemper, Pa
cific Coast manager of the Alber
Frank - Guenther Law Advertising
Agency, will tell of opportunities
in advertising; and Joanne O'Brien,
former Stanford graduate now with
Sunset Magazine, will give first
hand experience concerning maga
zine positions.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, head of the
journalism department, will be
moderator for the program. Sandra
Meitus is chairman.
Sophomore Vocom members Jan
et Groch and Pat Geary will assist
with the program.


DR. CHILTON R. RUSH
Opportunities for women in
newspaper, magazine, and adver
tising fields will be discussed to
morrow night at 7:15 at the Vocom
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Elinor Cogswell, Stanford grad
uate and editor of the Palo Alto
limes, will speak on newspaper
work; Mrs. Lucrezia Kemper, Pa
cific Coast manager of the Alber
Frank - Guenther Law Advertising
Agency, will tell of opportunities
in advertising; and Joanne O'Brien,
former Stanford graduate now with
Sunset Magazine, will give first
hand experience concerning maga
zine positions.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, head of the
journalism department, will be
moderator for the program. Sandra
Meitus is chairman.
Sophomore Vocom members Jan
et Groch and Pat Geary will assist
with the program.


DR. CHILTON R. RUSH
