# Louis Scores Knockout In Orlando Exhibition
## 
### 
ORLANDO. Fla., Jan. .')1 </P).—
Heavyweight champion Joe Louis
knocked out Dixie Lee Oliver, vet
eran Negro fighter from St. Peters
burg, F!a., in the fourth round of
their exhibition bout here tonight.
ORLANDO. Fla., Jan. .')1 </P).—
Heavyweight champion Joe Louis
knocked out Dixie Lee Oliver, vet
eran Negro fighter from St. Peters
burg, F!a., in the fourth round of
their exhibition bout here tonight.
ORLANDO. Fla., Jan. .')1 </P).—
Heavyweight champion Joe Louis
knocked out Dixie Lee Oliver, vet
eran Negro fighter from St. Peters
burg, F!a., in the fourth round of
their exhibition bout here tonight.
ORLANDO. Fla., Jan. .')1 </P).—
Heavyweight champion Joe Louis
knocked out Dixie Lee Oliver, vet
eran Negro fighter from St. Peters
burg, F!a., in the fourth round of
their exhibition bout here tonight.
ORLANDO. Fla., Jan. .')1 </P).—
Heavyweight champion Joe Louis
knocked out Dixie Lee Oliver, vet
eran Negro fighter from St. Peters
burg, F!a., in the fourth round of
their exhibition bout here tonight.
ORLANDO. Fla., Jan. .')1 </P).—
Heavyweight champion Joe Louis
knocked out Dixie Lee Oliver, vet
eran Negro fighter from St. Peters
burg, F!a., in the fourth round of
their exhibition bout here tonight.
ORLANDO. Fla., Jan. .')1 </P).—
Heavyweight champion Joe Louis
knocked out Dixie Lee Oliver, vet
eran Negro fighter from St. Peters
burg, F!a., in the fourth round of
their exhibition bout here tonight.
ORLANDO. Fla., Jan. .')1 </P).—
Heavyweight champion Joe Louis
knocked out Dixie Lee Oliver, vet
eran Negro fighter from St. Peters
burg, F!a., in the fourth round of
their exhibition bout here tonight.
ORLANDO. Fla., Jan. .')1 </P).—
Heavyweight champion Joe Louis
knocked out Dixie Lee Oliver, vet
eran Negro fighter from St. Peters
burg, F!a., in the fourth round of
their exhibition bout here tonight.
ORLANDO. Fla., Jan. .')1 </P).—
Heavyweight champion Joe Louis
knocked out Dixie Lee Oliver, vet
eran Negro fighter from St. Peters
burg, F!a., in the fourth round of
their exhibition bout here tonight.
ORLANDO. Fla., Jan. .')1 </P).—
Heavyweight champion Joe Louis
knocked out Dixie Lee Oliver, vet
eran Negro fighter from St. Peters
burg, F!a., in the fourth round of
their exhibition bout here tonight.
ORLANDO. Fla., Jan. .')1 </P).—
Heavyweight champion Joe Louis
knocked out Dixie Lee Oliver, vet
eran Negro fighter from St. Peters
burg, F!a., in the fourth round of
their exhibition bout here tonight.
ORLANDO. Fla., Jan. .')1 </P).—
Heavyweight champion Joe Louis
knocked out Dixie Lee Oliver, vet
eran Negro fighter from St. Peters
burg, F!a., in the fourth round of
their exhibition bout here tonight.
ORLANDO. Fla., Jan. .')1 </P).—
Heavyweight champion Joe Louis
knocked out Dixie Lee Oliver, vet
eran Negro fighter from St. Peters
burg, F!a., in the fourth round of
their exhibition bout here tonight.
ORLANDO. Fla., Jan. .')1 </P).—
Heavyweight champion Joe Louis
knocked out Dixie Lee Oliver, vet
eran Negro fighter from St. Peters
burg, F!a., in the fourth round of
their exhibition bout here tonight.
