# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Village 1508 announces the engage
ment of Walter G. Gunn, '49. a psy
chology major, to Bonnie Lou Mo
reaux of North Hollywood. The
couple will be married in June.
Village 1508 announces the engage
ment of Walter G. Gunn, '49. a psy
chology major, to Bonnie Lou Mo
reaux of North Hollywood. The
couple will be married in June.
Village 1508 announces the engage
ment of Walter G. Gunn, '49. a psy
chology major, to Bonnie Lou Mo
reaux of North Hollywood. The
couple will be married in June.
Village 1508 announces the engage
ment of Walter G. Gunn, '49. a psy
chology major, to Bonnie Lou Mo
reaux of North Hollywood. The
couple will be married in June.
Village 1508 announces the engage
ment of Walter G. Gunn, '49. a psy
chology major, to Bonnie Lou Mo
reaux of North Hollywood. The
couple will be married in June.
Village 1508 announces the engage
ment of Walter G. Gunn, '49. a psy
chology major, to Bonnie Lou Mo
reaux of North Hollywood. The
couple will be married in June.
Village 1508 announces the engage
ment of Walter G. Gunn, '49. a psy
chology major, to Bonnie Lou Mo
reaux of North Hollywood. The
couple will be married in June.
Village 1508 announces the engage
ment of Walter G. Gunn, '49. a psy
chology major, to Bonnie Lou Mo
reaux of North Hollywood. The
couple will be married in June.
Village 1508 announces the engage
ment of Walter G. Gunn, '49. a psy
chology major, to Bonnie Lou Mo
reaux of North Hollywood. The
couple will be married in June.
Village 1508 announces the engage
ment of Walter G. Gunn, '49. a psy
chology major, to Bonnie Lou Mo
reaux of North Hollywood. The
couple will be married in June.
Village 1508 announces the engage
ment of Walter G. Gunn, '49. a psy
chology major, to Bonnie Lou Mo
reaux of North Hollywood. The
couple will be married in June.
Village 1508 announces the engage
ment of Walter G. Gunn, '49. a psy
chology major, to Bonnie Lou Mo
reaux of North Hollywood. The
couple will be married in June.
Village 1508 announces the engage
ment of Walter G. Gunn, '49. a psy
chology major, to Bonnie Lou Mo
reaux of North Hollywood. The
couple will be married in June.
Village 1508 announces the engage
ment of Walter G. Gunn, '49. a psy
chology major, to Bonnie Lou Mo
reaux of North Hollywood. The
couple will be married in June.
Village 1508 announces the engage
ment of Walter G. Gunn, '49. a psy
chology major, to Bonnie Lou Mo
reaux of North Hollywood. The
couple will be married in June.
