# Women's Debate Tryouts To Take Place Wednesday
## 
### 
Tryouts for the first women's inter
collegiate debate of the year will be held
Wednesday evening in the Women's Club
house, immediately following the supper
meeting of Wranglers.
Speeches are to be on some phase of the
topic, "Resolved, That the institution of
marriage is not functioning successfully
enough to warrant its continuance." The
tryout speeches arc to be about five min
utes long, and may deal with either side
of the question or be in the form of re
buttal.
Tryouts for the first women's inter
collegiate debate of the year will be held
Wednesday evening in the Women's Club
house, immediately following the supper
meeting of Wranglers.
Speeches are to be on some phase of the
topic, "Resolved, That the institution of
marriage is not functioning successfully
enough to warrant its continuance." The
tryout speeches arc to be about five min
utes long, and may deal with either side
of the question or be in the form of re
buttal.
Tryouts for the first women's inter
collegiate debate of the year will be held
Wednesday evening in the Women's Club
house, immediately following the supper
meeting of Wranglers.
Speeches are to be on some phase of the
topic, "Resolved, That the institution of
marriage is not functioning successfully
enough to warrant its continuance." The
tryout speeches arc to be about five min
utes long, and may deal with either side
of the question or be in the form of re
buttal.
Tryouts for the first women's inter
collegiate debate of the year will be held
Wednesday evening in the Women's Club
house, immediately following the supper
meeting of Wranglers.
Speeches are to be on some phase of the
topic, "Resolved, That the institution of
marriage is not functioning successfully
enough to warrant its continuance." The
tryout speeches arc to be about five min
utes long, and may deal with either side
of the question or be in the form of re
buttal.
Tryouts for the first women's inter
collegiate debate of the year will be held
Wednesday evening in the Women's Club
house, immediately following the supper
meeting of Wranglers.
Speeches are to be on some phase of the
topic, "Resolved, That the institution of
marriage is not functioning successfully
enough to warrant its continuance." The
tryout speeches arc to be about five min
utes long, and may deal with either side
of the question or be in the form of re
buttal.
Tryouts for the first women's inter
collegiate debate of the year will be held
Wednesday evening in the Women's Club
house, immediately following the supper
meeting of Wranglers.
Speeches are to be on some phase of the
topic, "Resolved, That the institution of
marriage is not functioning successfully
enough to warrant its continuance." The
tryout speeches arc to be about five min
utes long, and may deal with either side
of the question or be in the form of re
buttal.
Tryouts for the first women's inter
collegiate debate of the year will be held
Wednesday evening in the Women's Club
house, immediately following the supper
meeting of Wranglers.
Speeches are to be on some phase of the
topic, "Resolved, That the institution of
marriage is not functioning successfully
enough to warrant its continuance." The
tryout speeches arc to be about five min
utes long, and may deal with either side
of the question or be in the form of re
buttal.
Tryouts for the first women's inter
collegiate debate of the year will be held
Wednesday evening in the Women's Club
house, immediately following the supper
meeting of Wranglers.
Speeches are to be on some phase of the
topic, "Resolved, That the institution of
marriage is not functioning successfully
enough to warrant its continuance." The
tryout speeches arc to be about five min
utes long, and may deal with either side
of the question or be in the form of re
buttal.
Tryouts for the first women's inter
collegiate debate of the year will be held
Wednesday evening in the Women's Club
house, immediately following the supper
meeting of Wranglers.
Speeches are to be on some phase of the
topic, "Resolved, That the institution of
marriage is not functioning successfully
enough to warrant its continuance." The
tryout speeches arc to be about five min
utes long, and may deal with either side
of the question or be in the form of re
buttal.
Tryouts for the first women's inter
collegiate debate of the year will be held
Wednesday evening in the Women's Club
house, immediately following the supper
meeting of Wranglers.
Speeches are to be on some phase of the
topic, "Resolved, That the institution of
marriage is not functioning successfully
enough to warrant its continuance." The
tryout speeches arc to be about five min
utes long, and may deal with either side
of the question or be in the form of re
buttal.
Tryouts for the first women's inter
collegiate debate of the year will be held
Wednesday evening in the Women's Club
house, immediately following the supper
meeting of Wranglers.
Speeches are to be on some phase of the
topic, "Resolved, That the institution of
marriage is not functioning successfully
enough to warrant its continuance." The
tryout speeches arc to be about five min
utes long, and may deal with either side
of the question or be in the form of re
buttal.
Tryouts for the first women's inter
collegiate debate of the year will be held
Wednesday evening in the Women's Club
house, immediately following the supper
meeting of Wranglers.
Speeches are to be on some phase of the
topic, "Resolved, That the institution of
marriage is not functioning successfully
enough to warrant its continuance." The
tryout speeches arc to be about five min
utes long, and may deal with either side
of the question or be in the form of re
buttal.
Tryouts for the first women's inter
collegiate debate of the year will be held
Wednesday evening in the Women's Club
house, immediately following the supper
meeting of Wranglers.
Speeches are to be on some phase of the
topic, "Resolved, That the institution of
marriage is not functioning successfully
enough to warrant its continuance." The
tryout speeches arc to be about five min
utes long, and may deal with either side
of the question or be in the form of re
buttal.
Tryouts for the first women's inter
collegiate debate of the year will be held
Wednesday evening in the Women's Club
house, immediately following the supper
meeting of Wranglers.
Speeches are to be on some phase of the
topic, "Resolved, That the institution of
marriage is not functioning successfully
enough to warrant its continuance." The
tryout speeches arc to be about five min
utes long, and may deal with either side
of the question or be in the form of re
buttal.
Tryouts for the first women's inter
collegiate debate of the year will be held
Wednesday evening in the Women's Club
house, immediately following the supper
meeting of Wranglers.
Speeches are to be on some phase of the
topic, "Resolved, That the institution of
marriage is not functioning successfully
enough to warrant its continuance." The
tryout speeches arc to be about five min
utes long, and may deal with either side
of the question or be in the form of re
buttal.
Tryouts for the first women's inter
collegiate debate of the year will be held
Wednesday evening in the Women's Club
house, immediately following the supper
meeting of Wranglers.
Speeches are to be on some phase of the
topic, "Resolved, That the institution of
marriage is not functioning successfully
enough to warrant its continuance." The
tryout speeches arc to be about five min
utes long, and may deal with either side
of the question or be in the form of re
buttal.
Tryouts for the first women's inter
collegiate debate of the year will be held
Wednesday evening in the Women's Club
house, immediately following the supper
meeting of Wranglers.
Speeches are to be on some phase of the
topic, "Resolved, That the institution of
marriage is not functioning successfully
enough to warrant its continuance." The
tryout speeches arc to be about five min
utes long, and may deal with either side
of the question or be in the form of re
buttal.
