# New Equipment For Daily Assures Speedier Service
## 
### 
Speedy service for the new Daily
subscribers has been assured by the
addition to the equipment of the cir
culation department of a new machine
to stencil addressing machine slips.
In the future subscribers of the
Daily will receive their papers the
day after their subscription has been
received, instead of being forced to
wait several days for delivery. Chap
arral also has a half interest in the
machine, and the Old Boy promises
his readers better service for the fu
ture.
Speedy service for the new Daily
subscribers has been assured by the
addition to the equipment of the cir
culation department of a new machine
to stencil addressing machine slips.
In the future subscribers of the
Daily will receive their papers the
day after their subscription has been
received, instead of being forced to
wait several days for delivery. Chap
arral also has a half interest in the
machine, and the Old Boy promises
his readers better service for the fu
ture.
Speedy service for the new Daily
subscribers has been assured by the
addition to the equipment of the cir
culation department of a new machine
to stencil addressing machine slips.
In the future subscribers of the
Daily will receive their papers the
day after their subscription has been
received, instead of being forced to
wait several days for delivery. Chap
arral also has a half interest in the
machine, and the Old Boy promises
his readers better service for the fu
ture.
Speedy service for the new Daily
subscribers has been assured by the
addition to the equipment of the cir
culation department of a new machine
to stencil addressing machine slips.
In the future subscribers of the
Daily will receive their papers the
day after their subscription has been
received, instead of being forced to
wait several days for delivery. Chap
arral also has a half interest in the
machine, and the Old Boy promises
his readers better service for the fu
ture.
Speedy service for the new Daily
subscribers has been assured by the
addition to the equipment of the cir
culation department of a new machine
to stencil addressing machine slips.
In the future subscribers of the
Daily will receive their papers the
day after their subscription has been
received, instead of being forced to
wait several days for delivery. Chap
arral also has a half interest in the
machine, and the Old Boy promises
his readers better service for the fu
ture.
Speedy service for the new Daily
subscribers has been assured by the
addition to the equipment of the cir
culation department of a new machine
to stencil addressing machine slips.
In the future subscribers of the
Daily will receive their papers the
day after their subscription has been
received, instead of being forced to
wait several days for delivery. Chap
arral also has a half interest in the
machine, and the Old Boy promises
his readers better service for the fu
ture.
Speedy service for the new Daily
subscribers has been assured by the
addition to the equipment of the cir
culation department of a new machine
to stencil addressing machine slips.
In the future subscribers of the
Daily will receive their papers the
day after their subscription has been
received, instead of being forced to
wait several days for delivery. Chap
arral also has a half interest in the
machine, and the Old Boy promises
his readers better service for the fu
ture.
Speedy service for the new Daily
subscribers has been assured by the
addition to the equipment of the cir
culation department of a new machine
to stencil addressing machine slips.
In the future subscribers of the
Daily will receive their papers the
day after their subscription has been
received, instead of being forced to
wait several days for delivery. Chap
arral also has a half interest in the
machine, and the Old Boy promises
his readers better service for the fu
ture.
Speedy service for the new Daily
subscribers has been assured by the
addition to the equipment of the cir
culation department of a new machine
to stencil addressing machine slips.
In the future subscribers of the
Daily will receive their papers the
day after their subscription has been
received, instead of being forced to
wait several days for delivery. Chap
arral also has a half interest in the
machine, and the Old Boy promises
his readers better service for the fu
ture.
Speedy service for the new Daily
subscribers has been assured by the
addition to the equipment of the cir
culation department of a new machine
to stencil addressing machine slips.
In the future subscribers of the
Daily will receive their papers the
day after their subscription has been
received, instead of being forced to
wait several days for delivery. Chap
arral also has a half interest in the
machine, and the Old Boy promises
his readers better service for the fu
ture.
Speedy service for the new Daily
subscribers has been assured by the
addition to the equipment of the cir
culation department of a new machine
to stencil addressing machine slips.
In the future subscribers of the
Daily will receive their papers the
day after their subscription has been
received, instead of being forced to
wait several days for delivery. Chap
arral also has a half interest in the
machine, and the Old Boy promises
his readers better service for the fu
ture.
Speedy service for the new Daily
subscribers has been assured by the
addition to the equipment of the cir
culation department of a new machine
to stencil addressing machine slips.
In the future subscribers of the
Daily will receive their papers the
day after their subscription has been
received, instead of being forced to
wait several days for delivery. Chap
arral also has a half interest in the
machine, and the Old Boy promises
his readers better service for the fu
ture.
Speedy service for the new Daily
subscribers has been assured by the
addition to the equipment of the cir
culation department of a new machine
to stencil addressing machine slips.
In the future subscribers of the
Daily will receive their papers the
day after their subscription has been
received, instead of being forced to
wait several days for delivery. Chap
arral also has a half interest in the
machine, and the Old Boy promises
his readers better service for the fu
ture.
Speedy service for the new Daily
subscribers has been assured by the
addition to the equipment of the cir
culation department of a new machine
to stencil addressing machine slips.
In the future subscribers of the
Daily will receive their papers the
day after their subscription has been
received, instead of being forced to
wait several days for delivery. Chap
arral also has a half interest in the
machine, and the Old Boy promises
his readers better service for the fu
ture.
Speedy service for the new Daily
subscribers has been assured by the
addition to the equipment of the cir
culation department of a new machine
to stencil addressing machine slips.
In the future subscribers of the
Daily will receive their papers the
day after their subscription has been
received, instead of being forced to
wait several days for delivery. Chap
arral also has a half interest in the
machine, and the Old Boy promises
his readers better service for the fu
ture.
Speedy service for the new Daily
subscribers has been assured by the
addition to the equipment of the cir
culation department of a new machine
to stencil addressing machine slips.
In the future subscribers of the
Daily will receive their papers the
day after their subscription has been
received, instead of being forced to
wait several days for delivery. Chap
arral also has a half interest in the
machine, and the Old Boy promises
his readers better service for the fu
ture.
Speedy service for the new Daily
subscribers has been assured by the
addition to the equipment of the cir
culation department of a new machine
to stencil addressing machine slips.
In the future subscribers of the
Daily will receive their papers the
day after their subscription has been
received, instead of being forced to
wait several days for delivery. Chap
arral also has a half interest in the
machine, and the Old Boy promises
his readers better service for the fu
ture.
