# Phillips Re-elected Station Manager
## 
### 
Stove Phillips was re-elected
student manager of KSU in the
elections held this week. His op
erating staff will include Joe Kop
sho, chief engineer; Joe Upper, sta
tion relations; and Bill Kane, pro
gram director.
Other new officers are Fred Stei
ner, chief announcer; Eric Johnson
and Bob Slove, sports directors; Kay
McAlmon, ' music director; Hank
Natunewicz, special events director;
Paul Owen, commercial copy; Let
Falk, production manager; Carroll
Pappas, publicity; Rosemarie Arm
strong, traffic manager; Chuck
Black, continuity director; and
Sparky Allyn, news editor.
Phillips said KSU is now broad
casting on an 880 frequency both on
campus and at the Village. This is
a change from the former Village
frequency of 590.
