# Embassy Ball
## 
### 
Monte Carlo comes to the Farm !
tomorrow night when Sigma Chi j
presents its annual Embassy Ball, j
complete with floor show, game
room, and the music of Wally Hei
dor and his orchestra. Admission to
the dance is bv invitation onlv,
Monte Carlo comes to the Farm !
tomorrow night when Sigma Chi j
presents its annual Embassy Ball, j
complete with floor show, game
room, and the music of Wally Hei
dor and his orchestra. Admission to
the dance is bv invitation onlv,
Monte Carlo comes to the Farm !
tomorrow night when Sigma Chi j
presents its annual Embassy Ball, j
complete with floor show, game
room, and the music of Wally Hei
dor and his orchestra. Admission to
the dance is bv invitation onlv,
Monte Carlo comes to the Farm !
tomorrow night when Sigma Chi j
presents its annual Embassy Ball, j
complete with floor show, game
room, and the music of Wally Hei
dor and his orchestra. Admission to
the dance is bv invitation onlv,
Monte Carlo comes to the Farm !
tomorrow night when Sigma Chi j
presents its annual Embassy Ball, j
complete with floor show, game
room, and the music of Wally Hei
dor and his orchestra. Admission to
the dance is bv invitation onlv,
Monte Carlo comes to the Farm !
tomorrow night when Sigma Chi j
presents its annual Embassy Ball, j
complete with floor show, game
room, and the music of Wally Hei
dor and his orchestra. Admission to
the dance is bv invitation onlv,
Monte Carlo comes to the Farm !
tomorrow night when Sigma Chi j
presents its annual Embassy Ball, j
complete with floor show, game
room, and the music of Wally Hei
dor and his orchestra. Admission to
the dance is bv invitation onlv,
Monte Carlo comes to the Farm !
tomorrow night when Sigma Chi j
presents its annual Embassy Ball, j
complete with floor show, game
room, and the music of Wally Hei
dor and his orchestra. Admission to
the dance is bv invitation onlv,
Monte Carlo comes to the Farm !
tomorrow night when Sigma Chi j
presents its annual Embassy Ball, j
complete with floor show, game
room, and the music of Wally Hei
dor and his orchestra. Admission to
the dance is bv invitation onlv,
Monte Carlo comes to the Farm !
tomorrow night when Sigma Chi j
presents its annual Embassy Ball, j
complete with floor show, game
room, and the music of Wally Hei
dor and his orchestra. Admission to
the dance is bv invitation onlv,
Monte Carlo comes to the Farm !
tomorrow night when Sigma Chi j
presents its annual Embassy Ball, j
complete with floor show, game
room, and the music of Wally Hei
dor and his orchestra. Admission to
the dance is bv invitation onlv,
Monte Carlo comes to the Farm !
tomorrow night when Sigma Chi j
presents its annual Embassy Ball, j
complete with floor show, game
room, and the music of Wally Hei
dor and his orchestra. Admission to
the dance is bv invitation onlv,
Monte Carlo comes to the Farm !
tomorrow night when Sigma Chi j
presents its annual Embassy Ball, j
complete with floor show, game
room, and the music of Wally Hei
dor and his orchestra. Admission to
the dance is bv invitation onlv,
Monte Carlo comes to the Farm !
tomorrow night when Sigma Chi j
presents its annual Embassy Ball, j
complete with floor show, game
room, and the music of Wally Hei
dor and his orchestra. Admission to
the dance is bv invitation onlv,
Monte Carlo comes to the Farm !
tomorrow night when Sigma Chi j
presents its annual Embassy Ball, j
complete with floor show, game
room, and the music of Wally Hei
dor and his orchestra. Admission to
the dance is bv invitation onlv,
