# Religious Groups Join Sunday Panel
## 
### 
"What is Christian faith and what
does it offer to the modern world?"
will be the topic of a panel discus
sion Sunday evening at 7:45 at All
Saints' Church, corner of Waverley
and Hamilton, Palo Alto.
One representative from each of
these religious organizations—Meth
odist, Baptist, Episcopalian, Congre
gationalism YWCA, Rathbun Dis
cussion Group, and the Village Dis
cussion Group—will form the panel.
The Rev. George Hall will act as
moderator, and Dr. Harry Rathbun
will summarize the ideas presented
at the conclusion of the discussion.
Following the panel meeting, a
worship service, conducted by Vil
lage students, will be held.
All students are invited to attend
the discussion, which will this week
supplant the usual Sunday evening
meetings of these religious groups.
"What is Christian faith and what
does it offer to the modern world?"
will be the topic of a panel discus
sion Sunday evening at 7:45 at All
Saints' Church, corner of Waverley
and Hamilton, Palo Alto.
One representative from each of
these religious organizations—Meth
odist, Baptist, Episcopalian, Congre
gationalism YWCA, Rathbun Dis
cussion Group, and the Village Dis
cussion Group—will form the panel.
The Rev. George Hall will act as
moderator, and Dr. Harry Rathbun
will summarize the ideas presented
at the conclusion of the discussion.
Following the panel meeting, a
worship service, conducted by Vil
lage students, will be held.
All students are invited to attend
the discussion, which will this week
supplant the usual Sunday evening
meetings of these religious groups.
"What is Christian faith and what
does it offer to the modern world?"
will be the topic of a panel discus
sion Sunday evening at 7:45 at All
Saints' Church, corner of Waverley
and Hamilton, Palo Alto.
One representative from each of
these religious organizations—Meth
odist, Baptist, Episcopalian, Congre
gationalism YWCA, Rathbun Dis
cussion Group, and the Village Dis
cussion Group—will form the panel.
The Rev. George Hall will act as
moderator, and Dr. Harry Rathbun
will summarize the ideas presented
at the conclusion of the discussion.
Following the panel meeting, a
worship service, conducted by Vil
lage students, will be held.
All students are invited to attend
the discussion, which will this week
supplant the usual Sunday evening
meetings of these religious groups.
"What is Christian faith and what
does it offer to the modern world?"
will be the topic of a panel discus
sion Sunday evening at 7:45 at All
Saints' Church, corner of Waverley
and Hamilton, Palo Alto.
One representative from each of
these religious organizations—Meth
odist, Baptist, Episcopalian, Congre
gationalism YWCA, Rathbun Dis
cussion Group, and the Village Dis
cussion Group—will form the panel.
The Rev. George Hall will act as
moderator, and Dr. Harry Rathbun
will summarize the ideas presented
at the conclusion of the discussion.
Following the panel meeting, a
worship service, conducted by Vil
lage students, will be held.
All students are invited to attend
the discussion, which will this week
supplant the usual Sunday evening
meetings of these religious groups.
"What is Christian faith and what
does it offer to the modern world?"
will be the topic of a panel discus
sion Sunday evening at 7:45 at All
Saints' Church, corner of Waverley
and Hamilton, Palo Alto.
One representative from each of
these religious organizations—Meth
odist, Baptist, Episcopalian, Congre
gationalism YWCA, Rathbun Dis
cussion Group, and the Village Dis
cussion Group—will form the panel.
The Rev. George Hall will act as
moderator, and Dr. Harry Rathbun
will summarize the ideas presented
at the conclusion of the discussion.
Following the panel meeting, a
worship service, conducted by Vil
lage students, will be held.
All students are invited to attend
the discussion, which will this week
supplant the usual Sunday evening
meetings of these religious groups.
"What is Christian faith and what
does it offer to the modern world?"
will be the topic of a panel discus
sion Sunday evening at 7:45 at All
Saints' Church, corner of Waverley
and Hamilton, Palo Alto.
One representative from each of
these religious organizations—Meth
odist, Baptist, Episcopalian, Congre
gationalism YWCA, Rathbun Dis
cussion Group, and the Village Dis
cussion Group—will form the panel.
The Rev. George Hall will act as
moderator, and Dr. Harry Rathbun
will summarize the ideas presented
at the conclusion of the discussion.
Following the panel meeting, a
worship service, conducted by Vil
lage students, will be held.
All students are invited to attend
the discussion, which will this week
supplant the usual Sunday evening
meetings of these religious groups.
"What is Christian faith and what
does it offer to the modern world?"
will be the topic of a panel discus
sion Sunday evening at 7:45 at All
Saints' Church, corner of Waverley
and Hamilton, Palo Alto.
One representative from each of
these religious organizations—Meth
odist, Baptist, Episcopalian, Congre
gationalism YWCA, Rathbun Dis
cussion Group, and the Village Dis
cussion Group—will form the panel.
The Rev. George Hall will act as
moderator, and Dr. Harry Rathbun
will summarize the ideas presented
at the conclusion of the discussion.
Following the panel meeting, a
worship service, conducted by Vil
lage students, will be held.
All students are invited to attend
the discussion, which will this week
supplant the usual Sunday evening
meetings of these religious groups.
"What is Christian faith and what
does it offer to the modern world?"
will be the topic of a panel discus
sion Sunday evening at 7:45 at All
Saints' Church, corner of Waverley
and Hamilton, Palo Alto.
One representative from each of
these religious organizations—Meth
odist, Baptist, Episcopalian, Congre
gationalism YWCA, Rathbun Dis
cussion Group, and the Village Dis
cussion Group—will form the panel.
The Rev. George Hall will act as
moderator, and Dr. Harry Rathbun
will summarize the ideas presented
at the conclusion of the discussion.
Following the panel meeting, a
worship service, conducted by Vil
lage students, will be held.
All students are invited to attend
the discussion, which will this week
supplant the usual Sunday evening
meetings of these religious groups.
"What is Christian faith and what
does it offer to the modern world?"
will be the topic of a panel discus
sion Sunday evening at 7:45 at All
Saints' Church, corner of Waverley
and Hamilton, Palo Alto.
One representative from each of
these religious organizations—Meth
odist, Baptist, Episcopalian, Congre
gationalism YWCA, Rathbun Dis
cussion Group, and the Village Dis
cussion Group—will form the panel.
The Rev. George Hall will act as
moderator, and Dr. Harry Rathbun
will summarize the ideas presented
at the conclusion of the discussion.
Following the panel meeting, a
worship service, conducted by Vil
lage students, will be held.
All students are invited to attend
the discussion, which will this week
supplant the usual Sunday evening
meetings of these religious groups.
"What is Christian faith and what
does it offer to the modern world?"
will be the topic of a panel discus
sion Sunday evening at 7:45 at All
Saints' Church, corner of Waverley
and Hamilton, Palo Alto.
One representative from each of
these religious organizations—Meth
odist, Baptist, Episcopalian, Congre
gationalism YWCA, Rathbun Dis
cussion Group, and the Village Dis
cussion Group—will form the panel.
The Rev. George Hall will act as
moderator, and Dr. Harry Rathbun
will summarize the ideas presented
at the conclusion of the discussion.
Following the panel meeting, a
worship service, conducted by Vil
lage students, will be held.
All students are invited to attend
the discussion, which will this week
supplant the usual Sunday evening
meetings of these religious groups.
"What is Christian faith and what
does it offer to the modern world?"
will be the topic of a panel discus
sion Sunday evening at 7:45 at All
Saints' Church, corner of Waverley
and Hamilton, Palo Alto.
One representative from each of
these religious organizations—Meth
odist, Baptist, Episcopalian, Congre
gationalism YWCA, Rathbun Dis
cussion Group, and the Village Dis
cussion Group—will form the panel.
The Rev. George Hall will act as
moderator, and Dr. Harry Rathbun
will summarize the ideas presented
at the conclusion of the discussion.
Following the panel meeting, a
worship service, conducted by Vil
lage students, will be held.
All students are invited to attend
the discussion, which will this week
supplant the usual Sunday evening
meetings of these religious groups.
"What is Christian faith and what
does it offer to the modern world?"
will be the topic of a panel discus
sion Sunday evening at 7:45 at All
Saints' Church, corner of Waverley
and Hamilton, Palo Alto.
One representative from each of
these religious organizations—Meth
odist, Baptist, Episcopalian, Congre
gationalism YWCA, Rathbun Dis
cussion Group, and the Village Dis
cussion Group—will form the panel.
The Rev. George Hall will act as
moderator, and Dr. Harry Rathbun
will summarize the ideas presented
at the conclusion of the discussion.
Following the panel meeting, a
worship service, conducted by Vil
lage students, will be held.
All students are invited to attend
the discussion, which will this week
supplant the usual Sunday evening
meetings of these religious groups.
"What is Christian faith and what
does it offer to the modern world?"
will be the topic of a panel discus
sion Sunday evening at 7:45 at All
Saints' Church, corner of Waverley
and Hamilton, Palo Alto.
One representative from each of
these religious organizations—Meth
odist, Baptist, Episcopalian, Congre
gationalism YWCA, Rathbun Dis
cussion Group, and the Village Dis
cussion Group—will form the panel.
The Rev. George Hall will act as
moderator, and Dr. Harry Rathbun
will summarize the ideas presented
at the conclusion of the discussion.
Following the panel meeting, a
worship service, conducted by Vil
lage students, will be held.
All students are invited to attend
the discussion, which will this week
supplant the usual Sunday evening
meetings of these religious groups.
"What is Christian faith and what
does it offer to the modern world?"
will be the topic of a panel discus
sion Sunday evening at 7:45 at All
Saints' Church, corner of Waverley
and Hamilton, Palo Alto.
One representative from each of
these religious organizations—Meth
odist, Baptist, Episcopalian, Congre
gationalism YWCA, Rathbun Dis
cussion Group, and the Village Dis
cussion Group—will form the panel.
The Rev. George Hall will act as
moderator, and Dr. Harry Rathbun
will summarize the ideas presented
at the conclusion of the discussion.
Following the panel meeting, a
worship service, conducted by Vil
lage students, will be held.
All students are invited to attend
the discussion, which will this week
supplant the usual Sunday evening
meetings of these religious groups.
"What is Christian faith and what
does it offer to the modern world?"
will be the topic of a panel discus
sion Sunday evening at 7:45 at All
Saints' Church, corner of Waverley
and Hamilton, Palo Alto.
One representative from each of
these religious organizations—Meth
odist, Baptist, Episcopalian, Congre
gationalism YWCA, Rathbun Dis
cussion Group, and the Village Dis
cussion Group—will form the panel.
The Rev. George Hall will act as
moderator, and Dr. Harry Rathbun
will summarize the ideas presented
at the conclusion of the discussion.
Following the panel meeting, a
worship service, conducted by Vil
lage students, will be held.
All students are invited to attend
the discussion, which will this week
supplant the usual Sunday evening
meetings of these religious groups.
