# Play Scripts Due At Monday Noon; Scenarios Needed
## 
### 
Monday noon is the deadline for
scripts for the Spring Show. Scripts
as complete as possible with repre
sentative songs should be turned in
to Paul Baker at room 13 in the Old
Union.
If authors are unable to have their
scripts completed, a scenario with
representative dialogue and songs
and lyrics will suffice.
The winning play is to be selected
by a committee consisting of Roy
Poole, director of the Spring Show.
Jane Frazier Smith. Allen Fletcher,
and Hugh Hefl'ner Jr. The winning
play and its author will be an
nounced at the beginning of spring
quarter.
Monday noon is the deadline for
scripts for the Spring Show. Scripts
as complete as possible with repre
sentative songs should be turned in
to Paul Baker at room 13 in the Old
Union.
If authors are unable to have their
scripts completed, a scenario with
representative dialogue and songs
and lyrics will suffice.
The winning play is to be selected
by a committee consisting of Roy
Poole, director of the Spring Show.
Jane Frazier Smith. Allen Fletcher,
and Hugh Hefl'ner Jr. The winning
play and its author will be an
nounced at the beginning of spring
quarter.
Monday noon is the deadline for
scripts for the Spring Show. Scripts
as complete as possible with repre
sentative songs should be turned in
to Paul Baker at room 13 in the Old
Union.
If authors are unable to have their
scripts completed, a scenario with
representative dialogue and songs
and lyrics will suffice.
The winning play is to be selected
by a committee consisting of Roy
Poole, director of the Spring Show.
Jane Frazier Smith. Allen Fletcher,
and Hugh Hefl'ner Jr. The winning
play and its author will be an
nounced at the beginning of spring
quarter.
Monday noon is the deadline for
scripts for the Spring Show. Scripts
as complete as possible with repre
sentative songs should be turned in
to Paul Baker at room 13 in the Old
Union.
If authors are unable to have their
scripts completed, a scenario with
representative dialogue and songs
and lyrics will suffice.
The winning play is to be selected
by a committee consisting of Roy
Poole, director of the Spring Show.
Jane Frazier Smith. Allen Fletcher,
and Hugh Hefl'ner Jr. The winning
play and its author will be an
nounced at the beginning of spring
quarter.
Monday noon is the deadline for
scripts for the Spring Show. Scripts
as complete as possible with repre
sentative songs should be turned in
to Paul Baker at room 13 in the Old
Union.
If authors are unable to have their
scripts completed, a scenario with
representative dialogue and songs
and lyrics will suffice.
The winning play is to be selected
by a committee consisting of Roy
Poole, director of the Spring Show.
Jane Frazier Smith. Allen Fletcher,
and Hugh Hefl'ner Jr. The winning
play and its author will be an
nounced at the beginning of spring
quarter.
Monday noon is the deadline for
scripts for the Spring Show. Scripts
as complete as possible with repre
sentative songs should be turned in
to Paul Baker at room 13 in the Old
Union.
If authors are unable to have their
scripts completed, a scenario with
representative dialogue and songs
and lyrics will suffice.
The winning play is to be selected
by a committee consisting of Roy
Poole, director of the Spring Show.
Jane Frazier Smith. Allen Fletcher,
and Hugh Hefl'ner Jr. The winning
play and its author will be an
nounced at the beginning of spring
quarter.
Monday noon is the deadline for
scripts for the Spring Show. Scripts
as complete as possible with repre
sentative songs should be turned in
to Paul Baker at room 13 in the Old
Union.
If authors are unable to have their
scripts completed, a scenario with
representative dialogue and songs
and lyrics will suffice.
The winning play is to be selected
by a committee consisting of Roy
Poole, director of the Spring Show.
Jane Frazier Smith. Allen Fletcher,
and Hugh Hefl'ner Jr. The winning
play and its author will be an
nounced at the beginning of spring
quarter.
Monday noon is the deadline for
scripts for the Spring Show. Scripts
as complete as possible with repre
sentative songs should be turned in
to Paul Baker at room 13 in the Old
Union.
If authors are unable to have their
scripts completed, a scenario with
representative dialogue and songs
and lyrics will suffice.
The winning play is to be selected
by a committee consisting of Roy
Poole, director of the Spring Show.
Jane Frazier Smith. Allen Fletcher,
and Hugh Hefl'ner Jr. The winning
play and its author will be an
nounced at the beginning of spring
quarter.
Monday noon is the deadline for
scripts for the Spring Show. Scripts
as complete as possible with repre
sentative songs should be turned in
to Paul Baker at room 13 in the Old
Union.
If authors are unable to have their
scripts completed, a scenario with
representative dialogue and songs
and lyrics will suffice.
The winning play is to be selected
by a committee consisting of Roy
Poole, director of the Spring Show.
Jane Frazier Smith. Allen Fletcher,
and Hugh Hefl'ner Jr. The winning
play and its author will be an
nounced at the beginning of spring
quarter.
Monday noon is the deadline for
scripts for the Spring Show. Scripts
as complete as possible with repre
sentative songs should be turned in
to Paul Baker at room 13 in the Old
Union.
If authors are unable to have their
scripts completed, a scenario with
representative dialogue and songs
and lyrics will suffice.
The winning play is to be selected
by a committee consisting of Roy
Poole, director of the Spring Show.
Jane Frazier Smith. Allen Fletcher,
and Hugh Hefl'ner Jr. The winning
play and its author will be an
nounced at the beginning of spring
quarter.
Monday noon is the deadline for
scripts for the Spring Show. Scripts
as complete as possible with repre
sentative songs should be turned in
to Paul Baker at room 13 in the Old
Union.
If authors are unable to have their
scripts completed, a scenario with
representative dialogue and songs
and lyrics will suffice.
The winning play is to be selected
by a committee consisting of Roy
Poole, director of the Spring Show.
Jane Frazier Smith. Allen Fletcher,
and Hugh Hefl'ner Jr. The winning
play and its author will be an
nounced at the beginning of spring
quarter.
Monday noon is the deadline for
scripts for the Spring Show. Scripts
as complete as possible with repre
sentative songs should be turned in
to Paul Baker at room 13 in the Old
Union.
If authors are unable to have their
scripts completed, a scenario with
representative dialogue and songs
and lyrics will suffice.
The winning play is to be selected
by a committee consisting of Roy
Poole, director of the Spring Show.
Jane Frazier Smith. Allen Fletcher,
and Hugh Hefl'ner Jr. The winning
play and its author will be an
nounced at the beginning of spring
quarter.
Monday noon is the deadline for
scripts for the Spring Show. Scripts
as complete as possible with repre
sentative songs should be turned in
to Paul Baker at room 13 in the Old
Union.
If authors are unable to have their
scripts completed, a scenario with
representative dialogue and songs
and lyrics will suffice.
The winning play is to be selected
by a committee consisting of Roy
Poole, director of the Spring Show.
Jane Frazier Smith. Allen Fletcher,
and Hugh Hefl'ner Jr. The winning
play and its author will be an
nounced at the beginning of spring
quarter.
Monday noon is the deadline for
scripts for the Spring Show. Scripts
as complete as possible with repre
sentative songs should be turned in
to Paul Baker at room 13 in the Old
Union.
If authors are unable to have their
scripts completed, a scenario with
representative dialogue and songs
and lyrics will suffice.
The winning play is to be selected
by a committee consisting of Roy
Poole, director of the Spring Show.
Jane Frazier Smith. Allen Fletcher,
and Hugh Hefl'ner Jr. The winning
play and its author will be an
nounced at the beginning of spring
quarter.
Monday noon is the deadline for
scripts for the Spring Show. Scripts
as complete as possible with repre
sentative songs should be turned in
to Paul Baker at room 13 in the Old
Union.
If authors are unable to have their
scripts completed, a scenario with
representative dialogue and songs
and lyrics will suffice.
The winning play is to be selected
by a committee consisting of Roy
Poole, director of the Spring Show.
Jane Frazier Smith. Allen Fletcher,
and Hugh Hefl'ner Jr. The winning
play and its author will be an
nounced at the beginning of spring
quarter.
