# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A five-acre athletic field for women
is to be constructed at O.A.C. in addi
tion to the women's gymnasium, now
nearing completion. This field will
contain a cinder track, hockey field,
cement tennis court, and baseball dia
mond.
A five-acre athletic field for women
is to be constructed at O.A.C. in addi
tion to the women's gymnasium, now
nearing completion. This field will
contain a cinder track, hockey field,
cement tennis court, and baseball dia
mond.
A five-acre athletic field for women
is to be constructed at O.A.C. in addi
tion to the women's gymnasium, now
nearing completion. This field will
contain a cinder track, hockey field,
cement tennis court, and baseball dia
mond.
A five-acre athletic field for women
is to be constructed at O.A.C. in addi
tion to the women's gymnasium, now
nearing completion. This field will
contain a cinder track, hockey field,
cement tennis court, and baseball dia
mond.
A five-acre athletic field for women
is to be constructed at O.A.C. in addi
tion to the women's gymnasium, now
nearing completion. This field will
contain a cinder track, hockey field,
cement tennis court, and baseball dia
mond.
A five-acre athletic field for women
is to be constructed at O.A.C. in addi
tion to the women's gymnasium, now
nearing completion. This field will
contain a cinder track, hockey field,
cement tennis court, and baseball dia
mond.
A five-acre athletic field for women
is to be constructed at O.A.C. in addi
tion to the women's gymnasium, now
nearing completion. This field will
contain a cinder track, hockey field,
cement tennis court, and baseball dia
mond.
A five-acre athletic field for women
is to be constructed at O.A.C. in addi
tion to the women's gymnasium, now
nearing completion. This field will
contain a cinder track, hockey field,
cement tennis court, and baseball dia
mond.
A five-acre athletic field for women
is to be constructed at O.A.C. in addi
tion to the women's gymnasium, now
nearing completion. This field will
contain a cinder track, hockey field,
cement tennis court, and baseball dia
mond.
A five-acre athletic field for women
is to be constructed at O.A.C. in addi
tion to the women's gymnasium, now
nearing completion. This field will
contain a cinder track, hockey field,
cement tennis court, and baseball dia
mond.
A five-acre athletic field for women
is to be constructed at O.A.C. in addi
tion to the women's gymnasium, now
nearing completion. This field will
contain a cinder track, hockey field,
cement tennis court, and baseball dia
mond.
A five-acre athletic field for women
is to be constructed at O.A.C. in addi
tion to the women's gymnasium, now
nearing completion. This field will
contain a cinder track, hockey field,
cement tennis court, and baseball dia
mond.
A five-acre athletic field for women
is to be constructed at O.A.C. in addi
tion to the women's gymnasium, now
nearing completion. This field will
contain a cinder track, hockey field,
cement tennis court, and baseball dia
mond.
A five-acre athletic field for women
is to be constructed at O.A.C. in addi
tion to the women's gymnasium, now
nearing completion. This field will
contain a cinder track, hockey field,
cement tennis court, and baseball dia
mond.
