# PLAYING SCHEDULE OF POLO SQUADS CHANGED
## 
### 
A change has been made in the i
playing schedule of the polo squads, j
According to Major Kelliher, the first
squad will hold practice on Monday,i
Wednesday, and Friday at 3 o'clock,
and the second squad will work out ,
on Tuesday and Thursday at 3 o'clock j
and Saturday morning at 10:30 o'clock.
All practice will be carried on at.
the Highway field. Workouts on the
Toyon field have been discontinued
because of the slippery condition
caused by the growth of grass.
A change has been made in the i
playing schedule of the polo squads, j
According to Major Kelliher, the first
squad will hold practice on Monday,i
Wednesday, and Friday at 3 o'clock,
and the second squad will work out ,
on Tuesday and Thursday at 3 o'clock j
and Saturday morning at 10:30 o'clock.
All practice will be carried on at.
the Highway field. Workouts on the
Toyon field have been discontinued
because of the slippery condition
caused by the growth of grass.
A change has been made in the i
playing schedule of the polo squads, j
According to Major Kelliher, the first
squad will hold practice on Monday,i
Wednesday, and Friday at 3 o'clock,
and the second squad will work out ,
on Tuesday and Thursday at 3 o'clock j
and Saturday morning at 10:30 o'clock.
All practice will be carried on at.
the Highway field. Workouts on the
Toyon field have been discontinued
because of the slippery condition
caused by the growth of grass.
A change has been made in the i
playing schedule of the polo squads, j
According to Major Kelliher, the first
squad will hold practice on Monday,i
Wednesday, and Friday at 3 o'clock,
and the second squad will work out ,
on Tuesday and Thursday at 3 o'clock j
and Saturday morning at 10:30 o'clock.
All practice will be carried on at.
the Highway field. Workouts on the
Toyon field have been discontinued
because of the slippery condition
caused by the growth of grass.
A change has been made in the i
playing schedule of the polo squads, j
According to Major Kelliher, the first
squad will hold practice on Monday,i
Wednesday, and Friday at 3 o'clock,
and the second squad will work out ,
on Tuesday and Thursday at 3 o'clock j
and Saturday morning at 10:30 o'clock.
All practice will be carried on at.
the Highway field. Workouts on the
Toyon field have been discontinued
because of the slippery condition
caused by the growth of grass.
A change has been made in the i
playing schedule of the polo squads, j
According to Major Kelliher, the first
squad will hold practice on Monday,i
Wednesday, and Friday at 3 o'clock,
and the second squad will work out ,
on Tuesday and Thursday at 3 o'clock j
and Saturday morning at 10:30 o'clock.
All practice will be carried on at.
the Highway field. Workouts on the
Toyon field have been discontinued
because of the slippery condition
caused by the growth of grass.
A change has been made in the i
playing schedule of the polo squads, j
According to Major Kelliher, the first
squad will hold practice on Monday,i
Wednesday, and Friday at 3 o'clock,
and the second squad will work out ,
on Tuesday and Thursday at 3 o'clock j
and Saturday morning at 10:30 o'clock.
All practice will be carried on at.
the Highway field. Workouts on the
Toyon field have been discontinued
because of the slippery condition
caused by the growth of grass.
A change has been made in the i
playing schedule of the polo squads, j
According to Major Kelliher, the first
squad will hold practice on Monday,i
Wednesday, and Friday at 3 o'clock,
and the second squad will work out ,
on Tuesday and Thursday at 3 o'clock j
and Saturday morning at 10:30 o'clock.
All practice will be carried on at.
the Highway field. Workouts on the
Toyon field have been discontinued
because of the slippery condition
caused by the growth of grass.
A change has been made in the i
playing schedule of the polo squads, j
According to Major Kelliher, the first
squad will hold practice on Monday,i
Wednesday, and Friday at 3 o'clock,
and the second squad will work out ,
on Tuesday and Thursday at 3 o'clock j
and Saturday morning at 10:30 o'clock.
All practice will be carried on at.
the Highway field. Workouts on the
Toyon field have been discontinued
because of the slippery condition
caused by the growth of grass.
A change has been made in the i
playing schedule of the polo squads, j
According to Major Kelliher, the first
squad will hold practice on Monday,i
Wednesday, and Friday at 3 o'clock,
and the second squad will work out ,
on Tuesday and Thursday at 3 o'clock j
and Saturday morning at 10:30 o'clock.
All practice will be carried on at.
the Highway field. Workouts on the
Toyon field have been discontinued
because of the slippery condition
caused by the growth of grass.
A change has been made in the i
playing schedule of the polo squads, j
According to Major Kelliher, the first
squad will hold practice on Monday,i
Wednesday, and Friday at 3 o'clock,
and the second squad will work out ,
on Tuesday and Thursday at 3 o'clock j
and Saturday morning at 10:30 o'clock.
All practice will be carried on at.
the Highway field. Workouts on the
Toyon field have been discontinued
because of the slippery condition
caused by the growth of grass.
A change has been made in the i
playing schedule of the polo squads, j
According to Major Kelliher, the first
squad will hold practice on Monday,i
Wednesday, and Friday at 3 o'clock,
and the second squad will work out ,
on Tuesday and Thursday at 3 o'clock j
and Saturday morning at 10:30 o'clock.
All practice will be carried on at.
the Highway field. Workouts on the
Toyon field have been discontinued
because of the slippery condition
caused by the growth of grass.
A change has been made in the i
playing schedule of the polo squads, j
According to Major Kelliher, the first
squad will hold practice on Monday,i
Wednesday, and Friday at 3 o'clock,
and the second squad will work out ,
on Tuesday and Thursday at 3 o'clock j
and Saturday morning at 10:30 o'clock.
All practice will be carried on at.
the Highway field. Workouts on the
Toyon field have been discontinued
because of the slippery condition
caused by the growth of grass.
A change has been made in the i
playing schedule of the polo squads, j
According to Major Kelliher, the first
squad will hold practice on Monday,i
Wednesday, and Friday at 3 o'clock,
and the second squad will work out ,
on Tuesday and Thursday at 3 o'clock j
and Saturday morning at 10:30 o'clock.
All practice will be carried on at.
the Highway field. Workouts on the
Toyon field have been discontinued
because of the slippery condition
caused by the growth of grass.
