# INSIDE
## 
### 
Singing
Joan Baez is a fighter who
is keeping up with the
times.
See Intermission, Section 2

Funding
The House approves a bill
funding abortions for rape
and incest victims.
See World & Nation, page C

Kicking
Sophomore Michelle Sul
livan is the soccer team's
versatile walk-on player.
See Sports, page 6

Singing
Joan Baez is a fighter who
is keeping up with the
times.
See Intermission, Section 2

Funding
The House approves a bill
funding abortions for rape
and incest victims.
See World & Nation, page C

Kicking
Sophomore Michelle Sul
livan is the soccer team's
versatile walk-on player.
See Sports, page 6

Singing
Joan Baez is a fighter who
is keeping up with the
times.
See Intermission, Section 2

Funding
The House approves a bill
funding abortions for rape
and incest victims.
See World & Nation, page C

Kicking
Sophomore Michelle Sul
livan is the soccer team's
versatile walk-on player.
See Sports, page 6

Singing
Joan Baez is a fighter who
is keeping up with the
times.
See Intermission, Section 2

Funding
The House approves a bill
funding abortions for rape
and incest victims.
See World & Nation, page C

Kicking
Sophomore Michelle Sul
livan is the soccer team's
versatile walk-on player.
See Sports, page 6

Singing
Joan Baez is a fighter who
is keeping up with the
times.
See Intermission, Section 2

Funding
The House approves a bill
funding abortions for rape
and incest victims.
See World & Nation, page C

Kicking
Sophomore Michelle Sul
livan is the soccer team's
versatile walk-on player.
See Sports, page 6

Singing
Joan Baez is a fighter who
is keeping up with the
times.
See Intermission, Section 2

Funding
The House approves a bill
funding abortions for rape
and incest victims.
See World & Nation, page C

Kicking
Sophomore Michelle Sul
livan is the soccer team's
versatile walk-on player.
See Sports, page 6

Singing
Joan Baez is a fighter who
is keeping up with the
times.
See Intermission, Section 2

Funding
The House approves a bill
funding abortions for rape
and incest victims.
See World & Nation, page C

Kicking
Sophomore Michelle Sul
livan is the soccer team's
versatile walk-on player.
See Sports, page 6

Singing
Joan Baez is a fighter who
is keeping up with the
times.
See Intermission, Section 2

Funding
The House approves a bill
funding abortions for rape
and incest victims.
See World & Nation, page C

Kicking
Sophomore Michelle Sul
livan is the soccer team's
versatile walk-on player.
See Sports, page 6

