# FRANCO WINS TENNIS
## 
### 
MONTEREY, April 2 (UP).—Gene
Franco, Salinas, today upset George
Chichester, Oakland, in the opening
round of the junior boys singles of
the Del Monte tennis championship
tournament by a score of 6-3 and
6-2. .
Hie world's largest flying boat has
a 200-foot wing spread, is powered
by four 2,000-horsepower engines
and weighs 70 tons.
MONTEREY, April 2 (UP).—Gene
Franco, Salinas, today upset George
Chichester, Oakland, in the opening
round of the junior boys singles of
the Del Monte tennis championship
tournament by a score of 6-3 and
6-2. .
Hie world's largest flying boat has
a 200-foot wing spread, is powered
by four 2,000-horsepower engines
and weighs 70 tons.
MONTEREY, April 2 (UP).—Gene
Franco, Salinas, today upset George
Chichester, Oakland, in the opening
round of the junior boys singles of
the Del Monte tennis championship
tournament by a score of 6-3 and
6-2. .
Hie world's largest flying boat has
a 200-foot wing spread, is powered
by four 2,000-horsepower engines
and weighs 70 tons.
MONTEREY, April 2 (UP).—Gene
Franco, Salinas, today upset George
Chichester, Oakland, in the opening
round of the junior boys singles of
the Del Monte tennis championship
tournament by a score of 6-3 and
6-2. .
Hie world's largest flying boat has
a 200-foot wing spread, is powered
by four 2,000-horsepower engines
and weighs 70 tons.
MONTEREY, April 2 (UP).—Gene
Franco, Salinas, today upset George
Chichester, Oakland, in the opening
round of the junior boys singles of
the Del Monte tennis championship
tournament by a score of 6-3 and
6-2. .
Hie world's largest flying boat has
a 200-foot wing spread, is powered
by four 2,000-horsepower engines
and weighs 70 tons.
MONTEREY, April 2 (UP).—Gene
Franco, Salinas, today upset George
Chichester, Oakland, in the opening
round of the junior boys singles of
the Del Monte tennis championship
tournament by a score of 6-3 and
6-2. .
Hie world's largest flying boat has
a 200-foot wing spread, is powered
by four 2,000-horsepower engines
and weighs 70 tons.
MONTEREY, April 2 (UP).—Gene
Franco, Salinas, today upset George
Chichester, Oakland, in the opening
round of the junior boys singles of
the Del Monte tennis championship
tournament by a score of 6-3 and
6-2. .
Hie world's largest flying boat has
a 200-foot wing spread, is powered
by four 2,000-horsepower engines
and weighs 70 tons.
MONTEREY, April 2 (UP).—Gene
Franco, Salinas, today upset George
Chichester, Oakland, in the opening
round of the junior boys singles of
the Del Monte tennis championship
tournament by a score of 6-3 and
6-2. .
Hie world's largest flying boat has
a 200-foot wing spread, is powered
by four 2,000-horsepower engines
and weighs 70 tons.
MONTEREY, April 2 (UP).—Gene
Franco, Salinas, today upset George
Chichester, Oakland, in the opening
round of the junior boys singles of
the Del Monte tennis championship
tournament by a score of 6-3 and
6-2. .
Hie world's largest flying boat has
a 200-foot wing spread, is powered
by four 2,000-horsepower engines
and weighs 70 tons.
MONTEREY, April 2 (UP).—Gene
Franco, Salinas, today upset George
Chichester, Oakland, in the opening
round of the junior boys singles of
the Del Monte tennis championship
tournament by a score of 6-3 and
6-2. .
Hie world's largest flying boat has
a 200-foot wing spread, is powered
by four 2,000-horsepower engines
and weighs 70 tons.
MONTEREY, April 2 (UP).—Gene
Franco, Salinas, today upset George
Chichester, Oakland, in the opening
round of the junior boys singles of
the Del Monte tennis championship
tournament by a score of 6-3 and
6-2. .
Hie world's largest flying boat has
a 200-foot wing spread, is powered
by four 2,000-horsepower engines
and weighs 70 tons.
MONTEREY, April 2 (UP).—Gene
Franco, Salinas, today upset George
Chichester, Oakland, in the opening
round of the junior boys singles of
the Del Monte tennis championship
tournament by a score of 6-3 and
6-2. .
Hie world's largest flying boat has
a 200-foot wing spread, is powered
by four 2,000-horsepower engines
and weighs 70 tons.
MONTEREY, April 2 (UP).—Gene
Franco, Salinas, today upset George
Chichester, Oakland, in the opening
round of the junior boys singles of
the Del Monte tennis championship
tournament by a score of 6-3 and
6-2. .
Hie world's largest flying boat has
a 200-foot wing spread, is powered
by four 2,000-horsepower engines
and weighs 70 tons.
MONTEREY, April 2 (UP).—Gene
Franco, Salinas, today upset George
Chichester, Oakland, in the opening
round of the junior boys singles of
the Del Monte tennis championship
tournament by a score of 6-3 and
6-2. .
Hie world's largest flying boat has
a 200-foot wing spread, is powered
by four 2,000-horsepower engines
and weighs 70 tons.
MONTEREY, April 2 (UP).—Gene
Franco, Salinas, today upset George
Chichester, Oakland, in the opening
round of the junior boys singles of
the Del Monte tennis championship
tournament by a score of 6-3 and
6-2. .
Hie world's largest flying boat has
a 200-foot wing spread, is powered
by four 2,000-horsepower engines
and weighs 70 tons.
MONTEREY, April 2 (UP).—Gene
Franco, Salinas, today upset George
Chichester, Oakland, in the opening
round of the junior boys singles of
the Del Monte tennis championship
tournament by a score of 6-3 and
6-2. .
Hie world's largest flying boat has
a 200-foot wing spread, is powered
by four 2,000-horsepower engines
and weighs 70 tons.
MONTEREY, April 2 (UP).—Gene
Franco, Salinas, today upset George
Chichester, Oakland, in the opening
round of the junior boys singles of
the Del Monte tennis championship
tournament by a score of 6-3 and
6-2. .
Hie world's largest flying boat has
a 200-foot wing spread, is powered
by four 2,000-horsepower engines
and weighs 70 tons.
MONTEREY, April 2 (UP).—Gene
Franco, Salinas, today upset George
Chichester, Oakland, in the opening
round of the junior boys singles of
the Del Monte tennis championship
tournament by a score of 6-3 and
6-2. .
Hie world's largest flying boat has
a 200-foot wing spread, is powered
by four 2,000-horsepower engines
and weighs 70 tons.
