# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The adherence of skin to the
deeper tissues causes dimples.
The adherence of skin to the
deeper tissues causes dimples.
The adherence of skin to the
deeper tissues causes dimples.
The adherence of skin to the
deeper tissues causes dimples.
The adherence of skin to the
deeper tissues causes dimples.
The adherence of skin to the
deeper tissues causes dimples.
The adherence of skin to the
deeper tissues causes dimples.
The adherence of skin to the
deeper tissues causes dimples.
The adherence of skin to the
deeper tissues causes dimples.
The adherence of skin to the
deeper tissues causes dimples.
The adherence of skin to the
deeper tissues causes dimples.
The adherence of skin to the
deeper tissues causes dimples.
The adherence of skin to the
deeper tissues causes dimples.
The adherence of skin to the
deeper tissues causes dimples.
The adherence of skin to the
deeper tissues causes dimples.
The adherence of skin to the
deeper tissues causes dimples.
