# ST. IGNATIUS WILL NOT DISCARD NAME
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 30. (/I 3 ) —
Although St. Ignatius College has
become the University of San Fran
cisco, the name St. Ignatius will not
go into the discard, according to an
announcement by Rev. Edward J.
Whelan, S.J., president of the insti
tution. He said the name of St. Igna
tius will in future be applied to the
College of Liberal Arts, one of the
units of the university.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 30. (/I 3 ) —
Although St. Ignatius College has
become the University of San Fran
cisco, the name St. Ignatius will not
go into the discard, according to an
announcement by Rev. Edward J.
Whelan, S.J., president of the insti
tution. He said the name of St. Igna
tius will in future be applied to the
College of Liberal Arts, one of the
units of the university.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 30. (/I 3 ) —
Although St. Ignatius College has
become the University of San Fran
cisco, the name St. Ignatius will not
go into the discard, according to an
announcement by Rev. Edward J.
Whelan, S.J., president of the insti
tution. He said the name of St. Igna
tius will in future be applied to the
College of Liberal Arts, one of the
units of the university.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 30. (/I 3 ) —
Although St. Ignatius College has
become the University of San Fran
cisco, the name St. Ignatius will not
go into the discard, according to an
announcement by Rev. Edward J.
Whelan, S.J., president of the insti
tution. He said the name of St. Igna
tius will in future be applied to the
College of Liberal Arts, one of the
units of the university.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 30. (/I 3 ) —
Although St. Ignatius College has
become the University of San Fran
cisco, the name St. Ignatius will not
go into the discard, according to an
announcement by Rev. Edward J.
Whelan, S.J., president of the insti
tution. He said the name of St. Igna
tius will in future be applied to the
College of Liberal Arts, one of the
units of the university.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 30. (/I 3 ) —
Although St. Ignatius College has
become the University of San Fran
cisco, the name St. Ignatius will not
go into the discard, according to an
announcement by Rev. Edward J.
Whelan, S.J., president of the insti
tution. He said the name of St. Igna
tius will in future be applied to the
College of Liberal Arts, one of the
units of the university.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 30. (/I 3 ) —
Although St. Ignatius College has
become the University of San Fran
cisco, the name St. Ignatius will not
go into the discard, according to an
announcement by Rev. Edward J.
Whelan, S.J., president of the insti
tution. He said the name of St. Igna
tius will in future be applied to the
College of Liberal Arts, one of the
units of the university.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 30. (/I 3 ) —
Although St. Ignatius College has
become the University of San Fran
cisco, the name St. Ignatius will not
go into the discard, according to an
announcement by Rev. Edward J.
Whelan, S.J., president of the insti
tution. He said the name of St. Igna
tius will in future be applied to the
College of Liberal Arts, one of the
units of the university.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 30. (/I 3 ) —
Although St. Ignatius College has
become the University of San Fran
cisco, the name St. Ignatius will not
go into the discard, according to an
announcement by Rev. Edward J.
Whelan, S.J., president of the insti
tution. He said the name of St. Igna
tius will in future be applied to the
College of Liberal Arts, one of the
units of the university.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 30. (/I 3 ) —
Although St. Ignatius College has
become the University of San Fran
cisco, the name St. Ignatius will not
go into the discard, according to an
announcement by Rev. Edward J.
Whelan, S.J., president of the insti
tution. He said the name of St. Igna
tius will in future be applied to the
College of Liberal Arts, one of the
units of the university.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 30. (/I 3 ) —
Although St. Ignatius College has
become the University of San Fran
cisco, the name St. Ignatius will not
go into the discard, according to an
announcement by Rev. Edward J.
Whelan, S.J., president of the insti
tution. He said the name of St. Igna
tius will in future be applied to the
College of Liberal Arts, one of the
units of the university.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 30. (/I 3 ) —
Although St. Ignatius College has
become the University of San Fran
cisco, the name St. Ignatius will not
go into the discard, according to an
announcement by Rev. Edward J.
Whelan, S.J., president of the insti
tution. He said the name of St. Igna
tius will in future be applied to the
College of Liberal Arts, one of the
units of the university.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 30. (/I 3 ) —
Although St. Ignatius College has
become the University of San Fran
cisco, the name St. Ignatius will not
go into the discard, according to an
announcement by Rev. Edward J.
Whelan, S.J., president of the insti
tution. He said the name of St. Igna
tius will in future be applied to the
College of Liberal Arts, one of the
units of the university.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 30. (/I 3 ) —
Although St. Ignatius College has
become the University of San Fran
cisco, the name St. Ignatius will not
go into the discard, according to an
announcement by Rev. Edward J.
Whelan, S.J., president of the insti
tution. He said the name of St. Igna
tius will in future be applied to the
College of Liberal Arts, one of the
units of the university.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 30. (/I 3 ) —
Although St. Ignatius College has
become the University of San Fran
cisco, the name St. Ignatius will not
go into the discard, according to an
announcement by Rev. Edward J.
Whelan, S.J., president of the insti
tution. He said the name of St. Igna
tius will in future be applied to the
College of Liberal Arts, one of the
units of the university.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 30. (/I 3 ) —
Although St. Ignatius College has
become the University of San Fran
cisco, the name St. Ignatius will not
go into the discard, according to an
announcement by Rev. Edward J.
Whelan, S.J., president of the insti
tution. He said the name of St. Igna
tius will in future be applied to the
College of Liberal Arts, one of the
units of the university.
