# ALLEN TO FEATURE WORK OF FAVORITE COMPOSERS TODAY
## 
### 
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will feature three well
known composers on his program
of organ music to be presented in
the Memorial Chapel this afternpon
at 4:15 o'clock. Mendelssohn, Bee
thoven, and Mozart are three fa
vorites whose compositions are al
ways well-received.
The program t will be as follows:
Sonata in D minor, No. 6
Mendelssohn
Chorale and Variations on "Vater
unser"
Fugue
Andante
Largo from the Sonata, op 7. . . .
Beethoven
Minuet in C, from the "Jupiter"
Symphony Mozart
Harmonies du Soir Karg-Elert
Prayer of Thanksgiving- Old Ne
therlands Folk Lore
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will feature three well
known composers on his program
of organ music to be presented in
the Memorial Chapel this afternpon
at 4:15 o'clock. Mendelssohn, Bee
thoven, and Mozart are three fa
vorites whose compositions are al
ways well-received.
The program t will be as follows:
Sonata in D minor, No. 6
Mendelssohn
Chorale and Variations on "Vater
unser"
Fugue
Andante
Largo from the Sonata, op 7. . . .
Beethoven
Minuet in C, from the "Jupiter"
Symphony Mozart
Harmonies du Soir Karg-Elert
Prayer of Thanksgiving- Old Ne
therlands Folk Lore
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will feature three well
known composers on his program
of organ music to be presented in
the Memorial Chapel this afternpon
at 4:15 o'clock. Mendelssohn, Bee
thoven, and Mozart are three fa
vorites whose compositions are al
ways well-received.
The program t will be as follows:
Sonata in D minor, No. 6
Mendelssohn
Chorale and Variations on "Vater
unser"
Fugue
Andante
Largo from the Sonata, op 7. . . .
Beethoven
Minuet in C, from the "Jupiter"
Symphony Mozart
Harmonies du Soir Karg-Elert
Prayer of Thanksgiving- Old Ne
therlands Folk Lore
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will feature three well
known composers on his program
of organ music to be presented in
the Memorial Chapel this afternpon
at 4:15 o'clock. Mendelssohn, Bee
thoven, and Mozart are three fa
vorites whose compositions are al
ways well-received.
The program t will be as follows:
Sonata in D minor, No. 6
Mendelssohn
Chorale and Variations on "Vater
unser"
Fugue
Andante
Largo from the Sonata, op 7. . . .
Beethoven
Minuet in C, from the "Jupiter"
Symphony Mozart
Harmonies du Soir Karg-Elert
Prayer of Thanksgiving- Old Ne
therlands Folk Lore
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will feature three well
known composers on his program
of organ music to be presented in
the Memorial Chapel this afternpon
at 4:15 o'clock. Mendelssohn, Bee
thoven, and Mozart are three fa
vorites whose compositions are al
ways well-received.
The program t will be as follows:
Sonata in D minor, No. 6
Mendelssohn
Chorale and Variations on "Vater
unser"
Fugue
Andante
Largo from the Sonata, op 7. . . .
Beethoven
Minuet in C, from the "Jupiter"
Symphony Mozart
Harmonies du Soir Karg-Elert
Prayer of Thanksgiving- Old Ne
therlands Folk Lore
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will feature three well
known composers on his program
of organ music to be presented in
the Memorial Chapel this afternpon
at 4:15 o'clock. Mendelssohn, Bee
thoven, and Mozart are three fa
vorites whose compositions are al
ways well-received.
The program t will be as follows:
Sonata in D minor, No. 6
Mendelssohn
Chorale and Variations on "Vater
unser"
Fugue
Andante
Largo from the Sonata, op 7. . . .
Beethoven
Minuet in C, from the "Jupiter"
Symphony Mozart
Harmonies du Soir Karg-Elert
Prayer of Thanksgiving- Old Ne
therlands Folk Lore
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will feature three well
known composers on his program
of organ music to be presented in
the Memorial Chapel this afternpon
at 4:15 o'clock. Mendelssohn, Bee
thoven, and Mozart are three fa
vorites whose compositions are al
ways well-received.
The program t will be as follows:
Sonata in D minor, No. 6
Mendelssohn
Chorale and Variations on "Vater
unser"
Fugue
Andante
Largo from the Sonata, op 7. . . .
Beethoven
Minuet in C, from the "Jupiter"
Symphony Mozart
Harmonies du Soir Karg-Elert
Prayer of Thanksgiving- Old Ne
therlands Folk Lore
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will feature three well
known composers on his program
of organ music to be presented in
the Memorial Chapel this afternpon
at 4:15 o'clock. Mendelssohn, Bee
thoven, and Mozart are three fa
vorites whose compositions are al
ways well-received.
The program t will be as follows:
Sonata in D minor, No. 6
Mendelssohn
Chorale and Variations on "Vater
unser"
Fugue
Andante
Largo from the Sonata, op 7. . . .
Beethoven
Minuet in C, from the "Jupiter"
Symphony Mozart
Harmonies du Soir Karg-Elert
Prayer of Thanksgiving- Old Ne
therlands Folk Lore
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will feature three well
known composers on his program
of organ music to be presented in
the Memorial Chapel this afternpon
at 4:15 o'clock. Mendelssohn, Bee
thoven, and Mozart are three fa
vorites whose compositions are al
ways well-received.
The program t will be as follows:
Sonata in D minor, No. 6
Mendelssohn
Chorale and Variations on "Vater
unser"
Fugue
Andante
Largo from the Sonata, op 7. . . .
Beethoven
Minuet in C, from the "Jupiter"
Symphony Mozart
Harmonies du Soir Karg-Elert
Prayer of Thanksgiving- Old Ne
therlands Folk Lore
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will feature three well
known composers on his program
of organ music to be presented in
the Memorial Chapel this afternpon
at 4:15 o'clock. Mendelssohn, Bee
thoven, and Mozart are three fa
vorites whose compositions are al
ways well-received.
The program t will be as follows:
Sonata in D minor, No. 6
Mendelssohn
Chorale and Variations on "Vater
unser"
Fugue
Andante
Largo from the Sonata, op 7. . . .
Beethoven
Minuet in C, from the "Jupiter"
Symphony Mozart
Harmonies du Soir Karg-Elert
Prayer of Thanksgiving- Old Ne
therlands Folk Lore
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will feature three well
known composers on his program
of organ music to be presented in
the Memorial Chapel this afternpon
at 4:15 o'clock. Mendelssohn, Bee
thoven, and Mozart are three fa
vorites whose compositions are al
ways well-received.
The program t will be as follows:
Sonata in D minor, No. 6
Mendelssohn
Chorale and Variations on "Vater
unser"
Fugue
Andante
Largo from the Sonata, op 7. . . .
Beethoven
Minuet in C, from the "Jupiter"
Symphony Mozart
Harmonies du Soir Karg-Elert
Prayer of Thanksgiving- Old Ne
therlands Folk Lore
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will feature three well
known composers on his program
of organ music to be presented in
the Memorial Chapel this afternpon
at 4:15 o'clock. Mendelssohn, Bee
thoven, and Mozart are three fa
vorites whose compositions are al
ways well-received.
The program t will be as follows:
Sonata in D minor, No. 6
Mendelssohn
Chorale and Variations on "Vater
unser"
Fugue
Andante
Largo from the Sonata, op 7. . . .
Beethoven
Minuet in C, from the "Jupiter"
Symphony Mozart
Harmonies du Soir Karg-Elert
Prayer of Thanksgiving- Old Ne
therlands Folk Lore
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will feature three well
known composers on his program
of organ music to be presented in
the Memorial Chapel this afternpon
at 4:15 o'clock. Mendelssohn, Bee
thoven, and Mozart are three fa
vorites whose compositions are al
ways well-received.
The program t will be as follows:
Sonata in D minor, No. 6
Mendelssohn
Chorale and Variations on "Vater
unser"
Fugue
Andante
Largo from the Sonata, op 7. . . .
Beethoven
Minuet in C, from the "Jupiter"
Symphony Mozart
Harmonies du Soir Karg-Elert
Prayer of Thanksgiving- Old Ne
therlands Folk Lore
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will feature three well
known composers on his program
of organ music to be presented in
the Memorial Chapel this afternpon
at 4:15 o'clock. Mendelssohn, Bee
thoven, and Mozart are three fa
vorites whose compositions are al
ways well-received.
The program t will be as follows:
Sonata in D minor, No. 6
Mendelssohn
Chorale and Variations on "Vater
unser"
Fugue
Andante
Largo from the Sonata, op 7. . . .
Beethoven
Minuet in C, from the "Jupiter"
Symphony Mozart
Harmonies du Soir Karg-Elert
Prayer of Thanksgiving- Old Ne
therlands Folk Lore
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will feature three well
known composers on his program
of organ music to be presented in
the Memorial Chapel this afternpon
at 4:15 o'clock. Mendelssohn, Bee
thoven, and Mozart are three fa
vorites whose compositions are al
ways well-received.
The program t will be as follows:
Sonata in D minor, No. 6
Mendelssohn
Chorale and Variations on "Vater
unser"
Fugue
Andante
Largo from the Sonata, op 7. . . .
Beethoven
Minuet in C, from the "Jupiter"
Symphony Mozart
Harmonies du Soir Karg-Elert
Prayer of Thanksgiving- Old Ne
therlands Folk Lore
Warren D. Allen, university or
ganist, will feature three well
known composers on his program
of organ music to be presented in
the Memorial Chapel this afternpon
at 4:15 o'clock. Mendelssohn, Bee
thoven, and Mozart are three fa
vorites whose compositions are al
ways well-received.
The program t will be as follows:
Sonata in D minor, No. 6
Mendelssohn
Chorale and Variations on "Vater
unser"
Fugue
Andante
Largo from the Sonata, op 7. . . .
Beethoven
Minuet in C, from the "Jupiter"
Symphony Mozart
Harmonies du Soir Karg-Elert
Prayer of Thanksgiving- Old Ne
therlands Folk Lore
