# COURT BACKS HOOVER IN OIL CONTROVERSY
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1. (/P).--.-
President Hoover's policy of "com
plete conservation of government
oil' and the steps taken to enforce
it were sustained today by the Dis
trict of Columbia Court of Appeals.
In a majority opinion, the court
upheld as a valid exercise of execu
tive power an order by Secretary
Wilbur rejecting all applications for
permission to prospect for oil in the
public domain.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1. (/P).--.-
President Hoover's policy of "com
plete conservation of government
oil' and the steps taken to enforce
it were sustained today by the Dis
trict of Columbia Court of Appeals.
In a majority opinion, the court
upheld as a valid exercise of execu
tive power an order by Secretary
Wilbur rejecting all applications for
permission to prospect for oil in the
public domain.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1. (/P).--.-
President Hoover's policy of "com
plete conservation of government
oil' and the steps taken to enforce
it were sustained today by the Dis
trict of Columbia Court of Appeals.
In a majority opinion, the court
upheld as a valid exercise of execu
tive power an order by Secretary
Wilbur rejecting all applications for
permission to prospect for oil in the
public domain.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1. (/P).--.-
President Hoover's policy of "com
plete conservation of government
oil' and the steps taken to enforce
it were sustained today by the Dis
trict of Columbia Court of Appeals.
In a majority opinion, the court
upheld as a valid exercise of execu
tive power an order by Secretary
Wilbur rejecting all applications for
permission to prospect for oil in the
public domain.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1. (/P).--.-
President Hoover's policy of "com
plete conservation of government
oil' and the steps taken to enforce
it were sustained today by the Dis
trict of Columbia Court of Appeals.
In a majority opinion, the court
upheld as a valid exercise of execu
tive power an order by Secretary
Wilbur rejecting all applications for
permission to prospect for oil in the
public domain.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1. (/P).--.-
President Hoover's policy of "com
plete conservation of government
oil' and the steps taken to enforce
it were sustained today by the Dis
trict of Columbia Court of Appeals.
In a majority opinion, the court
upheld as a valid exercise of execu
tive power an order by Secretary
Wilbur rejecting all applications for
permission to prospect for oil in the
public domain.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1. (/P).--.-
President Hoover's policy of "com
plete conservation of government
oil' and the steps taken to enforce
it were sustained today by the Dis
trict of Columbia Court of Appeals.
In a majority opinion, the court
upheld as a valid exercise of execu
tive power an order by Secretary
Wilbur rejecting all applications for
permission to prospect for oil in the
public domain.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1. (/P).--.-
President Hoover's policy of "com
plete conservation of government
oil' and the steps taken to enforce
it were sustained today by the Dis
trict of Columbia Court of Appeals.
In a majority opinion, the court
upheld as a valid exercise of execu
tive power an order by Secretary
Wilbur rejecting all applications for
permission to prospect for oil in the
public domain.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1. (/P).--.-
President Hoover's policy of "com
plete conservation of government
oil' and the steps taken to enforce
it were sustained today by the Dis
trict of Columbia Court of Appeals.
In a majority opinion, the court
upheld as a valid exercise of execu
tive power an order by Secretary
Wilbur rejecting all applications for
permission to prospect for oil in the
public domain.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1. (/P).--.-
President Hoover's policy of "com
plete conservation of government
oil' and the steps taken to enforce
it were sustained today by the Dis
trict of Columbia Court of Appeals.
In a majority opinion, the court
upheld as a valid exercise of execu
tive power an order by Secretary
Wilbur rejecting all applications for
permission to prospect for oil in the
public domain.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1. (/P).--.-
President Hoover's policy of "com
plete conservation of government
oil' and the steps taken to enforce
it were sustained today by the Dis
trict of Columbia Court of Appeals.
In a majority opinion, the court
upheld as a valid exercise of execu
tive power an order by Secretary
Wilbur rejecting all applications for
permission to prospect for oil in the
public domain.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1. (/P).--.-
President Hoover's policy of "com
plete conservation of government
oil' and the steps taken to enforce
it were sustained today by the Dis
trict of Columbia Court of Appeals.
In a majority opinion, the court
upheld as a valid exercise of execu
tive power an order by Secretary
Wilbur rejecting all applications for
permission to prospect for oil in the
public domain.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1. (/P).--.-
President Hoover's policy of "com
plete conservation of government
oil' and the steps taken to enforce
it were sustained today by the Dis
trict of Columbia Court of Appeals.
In a majority opinion, the court
upheld as a valid exercise of execu
tive power an order by Secretary
Wilbur rejecting all applications for
permission to prospect for oil in the
public domain.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1. (/P).--.-
President Hoover's policy of "com
plete conservation of government
oil' and the steps taken to enforce
it were sustained today by the Dis
trict of Columbia Court of Appeals.
In a majority opinion, the court
upheld as a valid exercise of execu
tive power an order by Secretary
Wilbur rejecting all applications for
permission to prospect for oil in the
public domain.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1. (/P).--.-
President Hoover's policy of "com
plete conservation of government
oil' and the steps taken to enforce
it were sustained today by the Dis
trict of Columbia Court of Appeals.
In a majority opinion, the court
upheld as a valid exercise of execu
tive power an order by Secretary
Wilbur rejecting all applications for
permission to prospect for oil in the
public domain.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1. (/P).--.-
President Hoover's policy of "com
plete conservation of government
oil' and the steps taken to enforce
it were sustained today by the Dis
trict of Columbia Court of Appeals.
In a majority opinion, the court
upheld as a valid exercise of execu
tive power an order by Secretary
Wilbur rejecting all applications for
permission to prospect for oil in the
public domain.
