# SCIENTISTS MEET IN ANNUAL CONVENTION
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Dcc. 1 (/P).—'The
sixteenth annual convention of the
Radiological Society of North Amer
ica opened here today with 50C
delegates present for a five-day dis
cussion of science's progress with
its newest weapons, Ihc X-ray and
radium, in the battle against dis
ease.
Representatives of every country
on the continent and every state ir
the nation were registered. Nearly
100 scientists and surgeons were
listed as speakers.
LOS ANGELES, Dcc. 1 (/P).—'The
sixteenth annual convention of the
Radiological Society of North Amer
ica opened here today with 50C
delegates present for a five-day dis
cussion of science's progress with
its newest weapons, Ihc X-ray and
radium, in the battle against dis
ease.
Representatives of every country
on the continent and every state ir
the nation were registered. Nearly
100 scientists and surgeons were
listed as speakers.
LOS ANGELES, Dcc. 1 (/P).—'The
sixteenth annual convention of the
Radiological Society of North Amer
ica opened here today with 50C
delegates present for a five-day dis
cussion of science's progress with
its newest weapons, Ihc X-ray and
radium, in the battle against dis
ease.
Representatives of every country
on the continent and every state ir
the nation were registered. Nearly
100 scientists and surgeons were
listed as speakers.
LOS ANGELES, Dcc. 1 (/P).—'The
sixteenth annual convention of the
Radiological Society of North Amer
ica opened here today with 50C
delegates present for a five-day dis
cussion of science's progress with
its newest weapons, Ihc X-ray and
radium, in the battle against dis
ease.
Representatives of every country
on the continent and every state ir
the nation were registered. Nearly
100 scientists and surgeons were
listed as speakers.
LOS ANGELES, Dcc. 1 (/P).—'The
sixteenth annual convention of the
Radiological Society of North Amer
ica opened here today with 50C
delegates present for a five-day dis
cussion of science's progress with
its newest weapons, Ihc X-ray and
radium, in the battle against dis
ease.
Representatives of every country
on the continent and every state ir
the nation were registered. Nearly
100 scientists and surgeons were
listed as speakers.
LOS ANGELES, Dcc. 1 (/P).—'The
sixteenth annual convention of the
Radiological Society of North Amer
ica opened here today with 50C
delegates present for a five-day dis
cussion of science's progress with
its newest weapons, Ihc X-ray and
radium, in the battle against dis
ease.
Representatives of every country
on the continent and every state ir
the nation were registered. Nearly
100 scientists and surgeons were
listed as speakers.
LOS ANGELES, Dcc. 1 (/P).—'The
sixteenth annual convention of the
Radiological Society of North Amer
ica opened here today with 50C
delegates present for a five-day dis
cussion of science's progress with
its newest weapons, Ihc X-ray and
radium, in the battle against dis
ease.
Representatives of every country
on the continent and every state ir
the nation were registered. Nearly
100 scientists and surgeons were
listed as speakers.
LOS ANGELES, Dcc. 1 (/P).—'The
sixteenth annual convention of the
Radiological Society of North Amer
ica opened here today with 50C
delegates present for a five-day dis
cussion of science's progress with
its newest weapons, Ihc X-ray and
radium, in the battle against dis
ease.
Representatives of every country
on the continent and every state ir
the nation were registered. Nearly
100 scientists and surgeons were
listed as speakers.
LOS ANGELES, Dcc. 1 (/P).—'The
sixteenth annual convention of the
Radiological Society of North Amer
ica opened here today with 50C
delegates present for a five-day dis
cussion of science's progress with
its newest weapons, Ihc X-ray and
radium, in the battle against dis
ease.
Representatives of every country
on the continent and every state ir
the nation were registered. Nearly
100 scientists and surgeons were
listed as speakers.
LOS ANGELES, Dcc. 1 (/P).—'The
sixteenth annual convention of the
Radiological Society of North Amer
ica opened here today with 50C
delegates present for a five-day dis
cussion of science's progress with
its newest weapons, Ihc X-ray and
radium, in the battle against dis
ease.
Representatives of every country
on the continent and every state ir
the nation were registered. Nearly
100 scientists and surgeons were
listed as speakers.
LOS ANGELES, Dcc. 1 (/P).—'The
sixteenth annual convention of the
Radiological Society of North Amer
ica opened here today with 50C
delegates present for a five-day dis
cussion of science's progress with
its newest weapons, Ihc X-ray and
radium, in the battle against dis
ease.
Representatives of every country
on the continent and every state ir
the nation were registered. Nearly
100 scientists and surgeons were
listed as speakers.
LOS ANGELES, Dcc. 1 (/P).—'The
sixteenth annual convention of the
Radiological Society of North Amer
ica opened here today with 50C
delegates present for a five-day dis
cussion of science's progress with
its newest weapons, Ihc X-ray and
radium, in the battle against dis
ease.
Representatives of every country
on the continent and every state ir
the nation were registered. Nearly
100 scientists and surgeons were
listed as speakers.
LOS ANGELES, Dcc. 1 (/P).—'The
sixteenth annual convention of the
Radiological Society of North Amer
ica opened here today with 50C
delegates present for a five-day dis
cussion of science's progress with
its newest weapons, Ihc X-ray and
radium, in the battle against dis
ease.
Representatives of every country
on the continent and every state ir
the nation were registered. Nearly
100 scientists and surgeons were
listed as speakers.
LOS ANGELES, Dcc. 1 (/P).—'The
sixteenth annual convention of the
Radiological Society of North Amer
ica opened here today with 50C
delegates present for a five-day dis
cussion of science's progress with
its newest weapons, Ihc X-ray and
radium, in the battle against dis
ease.
Representatives of every country
on the continent and every state ir
the nation were registered. Nearly
100 scientists and surgeons were
listed as speakers.
LOS ANGELES, Dcc. 1 (/P).—'The
sixteenth annual convention of the
Radiological Society of North Amer
ica opened here today with 50C
delegates present for a five-day dis
cussion of science's progress with
its newest weapons, Ihc X-ray and
radium, in the battle against dis
ease.
Representatives of every country
on the continent and every state ir
the nation were registered. Nearly
100 scientists and surgeons were
listed as speakers.
LOS ANGELES, Dcc. 1 (/P).—'The
sixteenth annual convention of the
Radiological Society of North Amer
ica opened here today with 50C
delegates present for a five-day dis
cussion of science's progress with
its newest weapons, Ihc X-ray and
radium, in the battle against dis
ease.
Representatives of every country
on the continent and every state ir
the nation were registered. Nearly
100 scientists and surgeons were
listed as speakers.
