# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There are 1,787 ordained woman
preachers in the United States.
There are 1,787 ordained woman
preachers in the United States.
There are 1,787 ordained woman
preachers in the United States.
There are 1,787 ordained woman
preachers in the United States.
There are 1,787 ordained woman
preachers in the United States.
There are 1,787 ordained woman
preachers in the United States.
There are 1,787 ordained woman
preachers in the United States.
There are 1,787 ordained woman
preachers in the United States.
There are 1,787 ordained woman
preachers in the United States.
There are 1,787 ordained woman
preachers in the United States.
There are 1,787 ordained woman
preachers in the United States.
There are 1,787 ordained woman
preachers in the United States.
There are 1,787 ordained woman
preachers in the United States.
There are 1,787 ordained woman
preachers in the United States.
There are 1,787 ordained woman
preachers in the United States.
There are 1,787 ordained woman
preachers in the United States.
