# STANFORD GLEE CLUB BANQUETS TOMORROW
## 
### 
At their rehearsal last night the
Stanford Glee Club passed a mo
tion to hold an informal banquet in
Palo Alto tomorrow evening. All
members will meet in the club room
at 6:30 o'clock and after an hour's
again in Palo Alto for the banquet,
rehearsal will adjourn to assemble
which will serve as a means of pro
moting closer acquaintanceship
among the members of the club be
fore next season's concert program.
At their rehearsal last night the
Stanford Glee Club passed a mo
tion to hold an informal banquet in
Palo Alto tomorrow evening. All
members will meet in the club room
at 6:30 o'clock and after an hour's
again in Palo Alto for the banquet,
rehearsal will adjourn to assemble
which will serve as a means of pro
moting closer acquaintanceship
among the members of the club be
fore next season's concert program.
At their rehearsal last night the
Stanford Glee Club passed a mo
tion to hold an informal banquet in
Palo Alto tomorrow evening. All
members will meet in the club room
at 6:30 o'clock and after an hour's
again in Palo Alto for the banquet,
rehearsal will adjourn to assemble
which will serve as a means of pro
moting closer acquaintanceship
among the members of the club be
fore next season's concert program.
At their rehearsal last night the
Stanford Glee Club passed a mo
tion to hold an informal banquet in
Palo Alto tomorrow evening. All
members will meet in the club room
at 6:30 o'clock and after an hour's
again in Palo Alto for the banquet,
rehearsal will adjourn to assemble
which will serve as a means of pro
moting closer acquaintanceship
among the members of the club be
fore next season's concert program.
At their rehearsal last night the
Stanford Glee Club passed a mo
tion to hold an informal banquet in
Palo Alto tomorrow evening. All
members will meet in the club room
at 6:30 o'clock and after an hour's
again in Palo Alto for the banquet,
rehearsal will adjourn to assemble
which will serve as a means of pro
moting closer acquaintanceship
among the members of the club be
fore next season's concert program.
At their rehearsal last night the
Stanford Glee Club passed a mo
tion to hold an informal banquet in
Palo Alto tomorrow evening. All
members will meet in the club room
at 6:30 o'clock and after an hour's
again in Palo Alto for the banquet,
rehearsal will adjourn to assemble
which will serve as a means of pro
moting closer acquaintanceship
among the members of the club be
fore next season's concert program.
At their rehearsal last night the
Stanford Glee Club passed a mo
tion to hold an informal banquet in
Palo Alto tomorrow evening. All
members will meet in the club room
at 6:30 o'clock and after an hour's
again in Palo Alto for the banquet,
rehearsal will adjourn to assemble
which will serve as a means of pro
moting closer acquaintanceship
among the members of the club be
fore next season's concert program.
At their rehearsal last night the
Stanford Glee Club passed a mo
tion to hold an informal banquet in
Palo Alto tomorrow evening. All
members will meet in the club room
at 6:30 o'clock and after an hour's
again in Palo Alto for the banquet,
rehearsal will adjourn to assemble
which will serve as a means of pro
moting closer acquaintanceship
among the members of the club be
fore next season's concert program.
At their rehearsal last night the
Stanford Glee Club passed a mo
tion to hold an informal banquet in
Palo Alto tomorrow evening. All
members will meet in the club room
at 6:30 o'clock and after an hour's
again in Palo Alto for the banquet,
rehearsal will adjourn to assemble
which will serve as a means of pro
moting closer acquaintanceship
among the members of the club be
fore next season's concert program.
At their rehearsal last night the
Stanford Glee Club passed a mo
tion to hold an informal banquet in
Palo Alto tomorrow evening. All
members will meet in the club room
at 6:30 o'clock and after an hour's
again in Palo Alto for the banquet,
rehearsal will adjourn to assemble
which will serve as a means of pro
moting closer acquaintanceship
among the members of the club be
fore next season's concert program.
At their rehearsal last night the
Stanford Glee Club passed a mo
tion to hold an informal banquet in
Palo Alto tomorrow evening. All
members will meet in the club room
at 6:30 o'clock and after an hour's
again in Palo Alto for the banquet,
rehearsal will adjourn to assemble
which will serve as a means of pro
moting closer acquaintanceship
among the members of the club be
fore next season's concert program.
At their rehearsal last night the
Stanford Glee Club passed a mo
tion to hold an informal banquet in
Palo Alto tomorrow evening. All
members will meet in the club room
at 6:30 o'clock and after an hour's
again in Palo Alto for the banquet,
rehearsal will adjourn to assemble
which will serve as a means of pro
moting closer acquaintanceship
among the members of the club be
fore next season's concert program.
At their rehearsal last night the
Stanford Glee Club passed a mo
tion to hold an informal banquet in
Palo Alto tomorrow evening. All
members will meet in the club room
at 6:30 o'clock and after an hour's
again in Palo Alto for the banquet,
rehearsal will adjourn to assemble
which will serve as a means of pro
moting closer acquaintanceship
among the members of the club be
fore next season's concert program.
At their rehearsal last night the
Stanford Glee Club passed a mo
tion to hold an informal banquet in
Palo Alto tomorrow evening. All
members will meet in the club room
at 6:30 o'clock and after an hour's
again in Palo Alto for the banquet,
rehearsal will adjourn to assemble
which will serve as a means of pro
moting closer acquaintanceship
among the members of the club be
fore next season's concert program.
At their rehearsal last night the
Stanford Glee Club passed a mo
tion to hold an informal banquet in
Palo Alto tomorrow evening. All
members will meet in the club room
at 6:30 o'clock and after an hour's
again in Palo Alto for the banquet,
rehearsal will adjourn to assemble
which will serve as a means of pro
moting closer acquaintanceship
among the members of the club be
fore next season's concert program.
At their rehearsal last night the
Stanford Glee Club passed a mo
tion to hold an informal banquet in
Palo Alto tomorrow evening. All
members will meet in the club room
at 6:30 o'clock and after an hour's
again in Palo Alto for the banquet,
rehearsal will adjourn to assemble
which will serve as a means of pro
moting closer acquaintanceship
among the members of the club be
fore next season's concert program.
