# Adv. 1 Page 2
## 
### 
$20.00 hat, your own choice, will
be given to the lady suggesting the
best name for a newly discovered
hair restorative.
W. A. COE
257 University Ave.
$20.00 hat, your own choice, will
be given to the lady suggesting the
best name for a newly discovered
hair restorative.
W. A. COE
257 University Ave.
$20.00 hat, your own choice, will
be given to the lady suggesting the
best name for a newly discovered
hair restorative.
W. A. COE
257 University Ave.
$20.00 hat, your own choice, will
be given to the lady suggesting the
best name for a newly discovered
hair restorative.
W. A. COE
257 University Ave.
$20.00 hat, your own choice, will
be given to the lady suggesting the
best name for a newly discovered
hair restorative.
W. A. COE
257 University Ave.
$20.00 hat, your own choice, will
be given to the lady suggesting the
best name for a newly discovered
hair restorative.
W. A. COE
257 University Ave.
$20.00 hat, your own choice, will
be given to the lady suggesting the
best name for a newly discovered
hair restorative.
W. A. COE
257 University Ave.
$20.00 hat, your own choice, will
be given to the lady suggesting the
best name for a newly discovered
hair restorative.
W. A. COE
257 University Ave.
$20.00 hat, your own choice, will
be given to the lady suggesting the
best name for a newly discovered
hair restorative.
W. A. COE
257 University Ave.
$20.00 hat, your own choice, will
be given to the lady suggesting the
best name for a newly discovered
hair restorative.
W. A. COE
257 University Ave.
