# Matthews Advises Against Classics.
## 
### 
"College undergraduates are not
gifted with sufficient art to enable
them to play the classics well." This
was one of the statements of Dr.
Brander Matthews, the distinguished
professor of dramatic literature at
Columbia, in a lecture on "The Uni
versity and the Drama," at Michigan.
"Undergraduate writers are better
able to fit parts to them. Shake
speare never had the pleasure of
knowing the undergraduates."
"College undergraduates are not
gifted with sufficient art to enable
them to play the classics well." This
was one of the statements of Dr.
Brander Matthews, the distinguished
professor of dramatic literature at
Columbia, in a lecture on "The Uni
versity and the Drama," at Michigan.
"Undergraduate writers are better
able to fit parts to them. Shake
speare never had the pleasure of
knowing the undergraduates."
"College undergraduates are not
gifted with sufficient art to enable
them to play the classics well." This
was one of the statements of Dr.
Brander Matthews, the distinguished
professor of dramatic literature at
Columbia, in a lecture on "The Uni
versity and the Drama," at Michigan.
"Undergraduate writers are better
able to fit parts to them. Shake
speare never had the pleasure of
knowing the undergraduates."
"College undergraduates are not
gifted with sufficient art to enable
them to play the classics well." This
was one of the statements of Dr.
Brander Matthews, the distinguished
professor of dramatic literature at
Columbia, in a lecture on "The Uni
versity and the Drama," at Michigan.
"Undergraduate writers are better
able to fit parts to them. Shake
speare never had the pleasure of
knowing the undergraduates."
"College undergraduates are not
gifted with sufficient art to enable
them to play the classics well." This
was one of the statements of Dr.
Brander Matthews, the distinguished
professor of dramatic literature at
Columbia, in a lecture on "The Uni
versity and the Drama," at Michigan.
"Undergraduate writers are better
able to fit parts to them. Shake
speare never had the pleasure of
knowing the undergraduates."
"College undergraduates are not
gifted with sufficient art to enable
them to play the classics well." This
was one of the statements of Dr.
Brander Matthews, the distinguished
professor of dramatic literature at
Columbia, in a lecture on "The Uni
versity and the Drama," at Michigan.
"Undergraduate writers are better
able to fit parts to them. Shake
speare never had the pleasure of
knowing the undergraduates."
"College undergraduates are not
gifted with sufficient art to enable
them to play the classics well." This
was one of the statements of Dr.
Brander Matthews, the distinguished
professor of dramatic literature at
Columbia, in a lecture on "The Uni
versity and the Drama," at Michigan.
"Undergraduate writers are better
able to fit parts to them. Shake
speare never had the pleasure of
knowing the undergraduates."
"College undergraduates are not
gifted with sufficient art to enable
them to play the classics well." This
was one of the statements of Dr.
Brander Matthews, the distinguished
professor of dramatic literature at
Columbia, in a lecture on "The Uni
versity and the Drama," at Michigan.
"Undergraduate writers are better
able to fit parts to them. Shake
speare never had the pleasure of
knowing the undergraduates."
"College undergraduates are not
gifted with sufficient art to enable
them to play the classics well." This
was one of the statements of Dr.
Brander Matthews, the distinguished
professor of dramatic literature at
Columbia, in a lecture on "The Uni
versity and the Drama," at Michigan.
"Undergraduate writers are better
able to fit parts to them. Shake
speare never had the pleasure of
knowing the undergraduates."
"College undergraduates are not
gifted with sufficient art to enable
them to play the classics well." This
was one of the statements of Dr.
Brander Matthews, the distinguished
professor of dramatic literature at
Columbia, in a lecture on "The Uni
versity and the Drama," at Michigan.
"Undergraduate writers are better
able to fit parts to them. Shake
speare never had the pleasure of
knowing the undergraduates."
