# NO MORE SMALLPOX.
## Students Who Have Been Suspended Allowed to Return to Class Today 
### 
All students who refused to be
vaccinated, but remained away from
classes for the period required by the
Public Health Committee were this
morning reinstated in college.
As the smallpox cases have nearly
all disappeared, the Committee on
Public Health saw no necessity of ex
tending the time for which the stu
dents so dealt, with should remain
away from classes*- Seven of the
number who refused to be vaccinated
failed to live up to regulations set
forth by the committee. When asked
what action would be taken in regard
to these cases Dr. onow said, "Those
students who have violated the regu
lations of the committee on Public
Health, regarding vaccination, should
have their registration canceled, and
shall be permitted to register only on
presentation to the chairman of satis
factory evidence of effectual vaccina
tion. Next year all students must
present evidence of effective vaccina
tion before they can register in Au
gust."
Notices have been sent out to a
few students who had their reg
istration canceled, and must confer
with Dr. Snow.
