# Harvard to Have Business College.
## 
### 
At the beginning of next year, Har
vard will open a Graduate School of
Business Administration, with Edwin
F. Gay, now professor of Economics,
as dean. A bachelor's degree will be
required for admission, and the
course of study will cover two years.
While most of the work will be theo.-
retical, it is planned to offer the
students some practical experience in
the various matters of business.
At the beginning of next year, Har
vard will open a Graduate School of
Business Administration, with Edwin
F. Gay, now professor of Economics,
as dean. A bachelor's degree will be
required for admission, and the
course of study will cover two years.
While most of the work will be theo.-
retical, it is planned to offer the
students some practical experience in
the various matters of business.
At the beginning of next year, Har
vard will open a Graduate School of
Business Administration, with Edwin
F. Gay, now professor of Economics,
as dean. A bachelor's degree will be
required for admission, and the
course of study will cover two years.
While most of the work will be theo.-
retical, it is planned to offer the
students some practical experience in
the various matters of business.
At the beginning of next year, Har
vard will open a Graduate School of
Business Administration, with Edwin
F. Gay, now professor of Economics,
as dean. A bachelor's degree will be
required for admission, and the
course of study will cover two years.
While most of the work will be theo.-
retical, it is planned to offer the
students some practical experience in
the various matters of business.
At the beginning of next year, Har
vard will open a Graduate School of
Business Administration, with Edwin
F. Gay, now professor of Economics,
as dean. A bachelor's degree will be
required for admission, and the
course of study will cover two years.
While most of the work will be theo.-
retical, it is planned to offer the
students some practical experience in
the various matters of business.
At the beginning of next year, Har
vard will open a Graduate School of
Business Administration, with Edwin
F. Gay, now professor of Economics,
as dean. A bachelor's degree will be
required for admission, and the
course of study will cover two years.
While most of the work will be theo.-
retical, it is planned to offer the
students some practical experience in
the various matters of business.
At the beginning of next year, Har
vard will open a Graduate School of
Business Administration, with Edwin
F. Gay, now professor of Economics,
as dean. A bachelor's degree will be
required for admission, and the
course of study will cover two years.
While most of the work will be theo.-
retical, it is planned to offer the
students some practical experience in
the various matters of business.
At the beginning of next year, Har
vard will open a Graduate School of
Business Administration, with Edwin
F. Gay, now professor of Economics,
as dean. A bachelor's degree will be
required for admission, and the
course of study will cover two years.
While most of the work will be theo.-
retical, it is planned to offer the
students some practical experience in
the various matters of business.
At the beginning of next year, Har
vard will open a Graduate School of
Business Administration, with Edwin
F. Gay, now professor of Economics,
as dean. A bachelor's degree will be
required for admission, and the
course of study will cover two years.
While most of the work will be theo.-
retical, it is planned to offer the
students some practical experience in
the various matters of business.
At the beginning of next year, Har
vard will open a Graduate School of
Business Administration, with Edwin
F. Gay, now professor of Economics,
as dean. A bachelor's degree will be
required for admission, and the
course of study will cover two years.
While most of the work will be theo.-
retical, it is planned to offer the
students some practical experience in
the various matters of business.
