# Carnegie Said to Have Made Grant.
## 
### 
According to recent press de
spatches in the San Francisco papers,
Andrew Carnegie has decided to give
$25,000,000 to endow a great na
tional university nt Washington.
The story says that the gift was se
cured by Secretary Root, and that
President. Roosevelt will he made
chancellor.
The idea of having a national uni
versity was a favorite project of
George Washington. During the
past year the Association of Ameri
can Universities has taken up the
matter, and urged Congress to make
an appropriation for the establish
ment of an institution for graduate
work. So far Congress has taken no
action, and if Carnegie has made the
grant as stated, the case will prob
ably rest there.
