# Production Date Nears For 'Cherry Orchard'
## 
### 
Stanford Repertory Theater's
next production, Anton Chek
hov's "The Cherry Orchard,"
opens at Memorial Auditorium
on Wednesday. It will run for
15 performances through March
18 with matinees on March 4,
8, and 18.
Mel Shapiro will be directing
the play. He is presently the
head of acting training at New
York University, returning for
his second year at Stanford.
The part of Madame Ranevsky
will be played by Jane Hoffman,
veteran performer of stage,
screen and television who has
been from ERT since it started.
This year she has starred in
John Gay's "The Beggar's Op
era" and Harold Pinter's "A
Slight Ache "
Performances of "The Cherry
Orchard" will be at 8:30 p.m.
for the evening showings and
2:30 p.m. on matinee days. Tick
ets are available at Memorial
Hall box office.


JANE HOFFMAN
Stanford Repertory Theater's
next production, Anton Chek
hov's "The Cherry Orchard,"
opens at Memorial Auditorium
on Wednesday. It will run for
15 performances through March
18 with matinees on March 4,
8, and 18.
Mel Shapiro will be directing
the play. He is presently the
head of acting training at New
York University, returning for
his second year at Stanford.
The part of Madame Ranevsky
will be played by Jane Hoffman,
veteran performer of stage,
screen and television who has
been from ERT since it started.
This year she has starred in
John Gay's "The Beggar's Op
era" and Harold Pinter's "A
Slight Ache "
Performances of "The Cherry
Orchard" will be at 8:30 p.m.
for the evening showings and
2:30 p.m. on matinee days. Tick
ets are available at Memorial
Hall box office.


JANE HOFFMAN
Stanford Repertory Theater's
next production, Anton Chek
hov's "The Cherry Orchard,"
opens at Memorial Auditorium
on Wednesday. It will run for
15 performances through March
18 with matinees on March 4,
8, and 18.
Mel Shapiro will be directing
the play. He is presently the
head of acting training at New
York University, returning for
his second year at Stanford.
The part of Madame Ranevsky
will be played by Jane Hoffman,
veteran performer of stage,
screen and television who has
been from ERT since it started.
This year she has starred in
John Gay's "The Beggar's Op
era" and Harold Pinter's "A
Slight Ache "
Performances of "The Cherry
Orchard" will be at 8:30 p.m.
for the evening showings and
2:30 p.m. on matinee days. Tick
ets are available at Memorial
Hall box office.


JANE HOFFMAN
Stanford Repertory Theater's
next production, Anton Chek
hov's "The Cherry Orchard,"
opens at Memorial Auditorium
on Wednesday. It will run for
15 performances through March
18 with matinees on March 4,
8, and 18.
Mel Shapiro will be directing
the play. He is presently the
head of acting training at New
York University, returning for
his second year at Stanford.
The part of Madame Ranevsky
will be played by Jane Hoffman,
veteran performer of stage,
screen and television who has
been from ERT since it started.
This year she has starred in
John Gay's "The Beggar's Op
era" and Harold Pinter's "A
Slight Ache "
Performances of "The Cherry
Orchard" will be at 8:30 p.m.
for the evening showings and
2:30 p.m. on matinee days. Tick
ets are available at Memorial
Hall box office.


JANE HOFFMAN
Stanford Repertory Theater's
next production, Anton Chek
hov's "The Cherry Orchard,"
opens at Memorial Auditorium
on Wednesday. It will run for
15 performances through March
18 with matinees on March 4,
8, and 18.
Mel Shapiro will be directing
the play. He is presently the
head of acting training at New
York University, returning for
his second year at Stanford.
The part of Madame Ranevsky
will be played by Jane Hoffman,
veteran performer of stage,
screen and television who has
been from ERT since it started.
This year she has starred in
John Gay's "The Beggar's Op
era" and Harold Pinter's "A
Slight Ache "
Performances of "The Cherry
Orchard" will be at 8:30 p.m.
for the evening showings and
2:30 p.m. on matinee days. Tick
ets are available at Memorial
Hall box office.


JANE HOFFMAN
Stanford Repertory Theater's
next production, Anton Chek
hov's "The Cherry Orchard,"
opens at Memorial Auditorium
on Wednesday. It will run for
15 performances through March
18 with matinees on March 4,
8, and 18.
Mel Shapiro will be directing
the play. He is presently the
head of acting training at New
York University, returning for
his second year at Stanford.
The part of Madame Ranevsky
will be played by Jane Hoffman,
veteran performer of stage,
screen and television who has
been from ERT since it started.
This year she has starred in
John Gay's "The Beggar's Op
era" and Harold Pinter's "A
Slight Ache "
Performances of "The Cherry
Orchard" will be at 8:30 p.m.
for the evening showings and
2:30 p.m. on matinee days. Tick
ets are available at Memorial
Hall box office.


JANE HOFFMAN
Stanford Repertory Theater's
next production, Anton Chek
hov's "The Cherry Orchard,"
opens at Memorial Auditorium
on Wednesday. It will run for
15 performances through March
18 with matinees on March 4,
8, and 18.
Mel Shapiro will be directing
the play. He is presently the
head of acting training at New
York University, returning for
his second year at Stanford.
The part of Madame Ranevsky
will be played by Jane Hoffman,
veteran performer of stage,
screen and television who has
been from ERT since it started.
This year she has starred in
John Gay's "The Beggar's Op
era" and Harold Pinter's "A
Slight Ache "
Performances of "The Cherry
Orchard" will be at 8:30 p.m.
for the evening showings and
2:30 p.m. on matinee days. Tick
ets are available at Memorial
Hall box office.


JANE HOFFMAN
Stanford Repertory Theater's
next production, Anton Chek
hov's "The Cherry Orchard,"
opens at Memorial Auditorium
on Wednesday. It will run for
15 performances through March
18 with matinees on March 4,
8, and 18.
Mel Shapiro will be directing
the play. He is presently the
head of acting training at New
York University, returning for
his second year at Stanford.
The part of Madame Ranevsky
will be played by Jane Hoffman,
veteran performer of stage,
screen and television who has
been from ERT since it started.
This year she has starred in
John Gay's "The Beggar's Op
era" and Harold Pinter's "A
Slight Ache "
Performances of "The Cherry
Orchard" will be at 8:30 p.m.
for the evening showings and
2:30 p.m. on matinee days. Tick
ets are available at Memorial
Hall box office.


JANE HOFFMAN
Stanford Repertory Theater's
next production, Anton Chek
hov's "The Cherry Orchard,"
opens at Memorial Auditorium
on Wednesday. It will run for
15 performances through March
18 with matinees on March 4,
8, and 18.
Mel Shapiro will be directing
the play. He is presently the
head of acting training at New
York University, returning for
his second year at Stanford.
The part of Madame Ranevsky
will be played by Jane Hoffman,
veteran performer of stage,
screen and television who has
been from ERT since it started.
This year she has starred in
John Gay's "The Beggar's Op
era" and Harold Pinter's "A
Slight Ache "
Performances of "The Cherry
Orchard" will be at 8:30 p.m.
for the evening showings and
2:30 p.m. on matinee days. Tick
ets are available at Memorial
Hall box office.


JANE HOFFMAN
Stanford Repertory Theater's
next production, Anton Chek
hov's "The Cherry Orchard,"
opens at Memorial Auditorium
on Wednesday. It will run for
15 performances through March
18 with matinees on March 4,
8, and 18.
Mel Shapiro will be directing
the play. He is presently the
head of acting training at New
York University, returning for
his second year at Stanford.
The part of Madame Ranevsky
will be played by Jane Hoffman,
veteran performer of stage,
screen and television who has
been from ERT since it started.
This year she has starred in
John Gay's "The Beggar's Op
era" and Harold Pinter's "A
Slight Ache "
Performances of "The Cherry
Orchard" will be at 8:30 p.m.
for the evening showings and
2:30 p.m. on matinee days. Tick
ets are available at Memorial
Hall box office.


JANE HOFFMAN
Stanford Repertory Theater's
next production, Anton Chek
hov's "The Cherry Orchard,"
opens at Memorial Auditorium
on Wednesday. It will run for
15 performances through March
18 with matinees on March 4,
8, and 18.
Mel Shapiro will be directing
the play. He is presently the
head of acting training at New
York University, returning for
his second year at Stanford.
The part of Madame Ranevsky
will be played by Jane Hoffman,
veteran performer of stage,
screen and television who has
been from ERT since it started.
This year she has starred in
John Gay's "The Beggar's Op
era" and Harold Pinter's "A
Slight Ache "
Performances of "The Cherry
Orchard" will be at 8:30 p.m.
for the evening showings and
2:30 p.m. on matinee days. Tick
ets are available at Memorial
Hall box office.


JANE HOFFMAN
Stanford Repertory Theater's
next production, Anton Chek
hov's "The Cherry Orchard,"
opens at Memorial Auditorium
on Wednesday. It will run for
15 performances through March
18 with matinees on March 4,
8, and 18.
Mel Shapiro will be directing
the play. He is presently the
head of acting training at New
York University, returning for
his second year at Stanford.
The part of Madame Ranevsky
will be played by Jane Hoffman,
veteran performer of stage,
screen and television who has
been from ERT since it started.
This year she has starred in
John Gay's "The Beggar's Op
era" and Harold Pinter's "A
Slight Ache "
Performances of "The Cherry
Orchard" will be at 8:30 p.m.
for the evening showings and
2:30 p.m. on matinee days. Tick
ets are available at Memorial
Hall box office.


JANE HOFFMAN
Stanford Repertory Theater's
next production, Anton Chek
hov's "The Cherry Orchard,"
opens at Memorial Auditorium
on Wednesday. It will run for
15 performances through March
18 with matinees on March 4,
8, and 18.
Mel Shapiro will be directing
the play. He is presently the
head of acting training at New
York University, returning for
his second year at Stanford.
The part of Madame Ranevsky
will be played by Jane Hoffman,
veteran performer of stage,
screen and television who has
been from ERT since it started.
This year she has starred in
John Gay's "The Beggar's Op
era" and Harold Pinter's "A
Slight Ache "
Performances of "The Cherry
Orchard" will be at 8:30 p.m.
for the evening showings and
2:30 p.m. on matinee days. Tick
ets are available at Memorial
Hall box office.


JANE HOFFMAN
Stanford Repertory Theater's
next production, Anton Chek
hov's "The Cherry Orchard,"
opens at Memorial Auditorium
on Wednesday. It will run for
15 performances through March
18 with matinees on March 4,
8, and 18.
Mel Shapiro will be directing
the play. He is presently the
head of acting training at New
York University, returning for
his second year at Stanford.
The part of Madame Ranevsky
will be played by Jane Hoffman,
veteran performer of stage,
screen and television who has
been from ERT since it started.
This year she has starred in
John Gay's "The Beggar's Op
era" and Harold Pinter's "A
Slight Ache "
Performances of "The Cherry
Orchard" will be at 8:30 p.m.
for the evening showings and
2:30 p.m. on matinee days. Tick
ets are available at Memorial
Hall box office.


JANE HOFFMAN
Stanford Repertory Theater's
next production, Anton Chek
hov's "The Cherry Orchard,"
opens at Memorial Auditorium
on Wednesday. It will run for
15 performances through March
18 with matinees on March 4,
8, and 18.
Mel Shapiro will be directing
the play. He is presently the
head of acting training at New
York University, returning for
his second year at Stanford.
The part of Madame Ranevsky
will be played by Jane Hoffman,
veteran performer of stage,
screen and television who has
been from ERT since it started.
This year she has starred in
John Gay's "The Beggar's Op
era" and Harold Pinter's "A
Slight Ache "
Performances of "The Cherry
Orchard" will be at 8:30 p.m.
for the evening showings and
2:30 p.m. on matinee days. Tick
ets are available at Memorial
Hall box office.


JANE HOFFMAN
Stanford Repertory Theater's
next production, Anton Chek
hov's "The Cherry Orchard,"
opens at Memorial Auditorium
on Wednesday. It will run for
15 performances through March
18 with matinees on March 4,
8, and 18.
Mel Shapiro will be directing
the play. He is presently the
head of acting training at New
York University, returning for
his second year at Stanford.
The part of Madame Ranevsky
will be played by Jane Hoffman,
veteran performer of stage,
screen and television who has
been from ERT since it started.
This year she has starred in
John Gay's "The Beggar's Op
era" and Harold Pinter's "A
Slight Ache "
Performances of "The Cherry
Orchard" will be at 8:30 p.m.
for the evening showings and
2:30 p.m. on matinee days. Tick
ets are available at Memorial
Hall box office.


JANE HOFFMAN
