# Oh, My God!
## 
### 

Swaml A C. Bhaktivedanta, In
dian Holy man, winces as he con
templates facing Stanford stu
dents tonight at the Experiment.

Swaml A C. Bhaktivedanta, In
dian Holy man, winces as he con
templates facing Stanford stu
dents tonight at the Experiment.

Swaml A C. Bhaktivedanta, In
dian Holy man, winces as he con
templates facing Stanford stu
dents tonight at the Experiment.

Swaml A C. Bhaktivedanta, In
dian Holy man, winces as he con
templates facing Stanford stu
dents tonight at the Experiment.

Swaml A C. Bhaktivedanta, In
dian Holy man, winces as he con
templates facing Stanford stu
dents tonight at the Experiment.

Swaml A C. Bhaktivedanta, In
dian Holy man, winces as he con
templates facing Stanford stu
dents tonight at the Experiment.

Swaml A C. Bhaktivedanta, In
dian Holy man, winces as he con
templates facing Stanford stu
dents tonight at the Experiment.

Swaml A C. Bhaktivedanta, In
dian Holy man, winces as he con
templates facing Stanford stu
dents tonight at the Experiment.

Swaml A C. Bhaktivedanta, In
dian Holy man, winces as he con
templates facing Stanford stu
dents tonight at the Experiment.

Swaml A C. Bhaktivedanta, In
dian Holy man, winces as he con
templates facing Stanford stu
dents tonight at the Experiment.

Swaml A C. Bhaktivedanta, In
dian Holy man, winces as he con
templates facing Stanford stu
dents tonight at the Experiment.

Swaml A C. Bhaktivedanta, In
dian Holy man, winces as he con
templates facing Stanford stu
dents tonight at the Experiment.

Swaml A C. Bhaktivedanta, In
dian Holy man, winces as he con
templates facing Stanford stu
dents tonight at the Experiment.

Swaml A C. Bhaktivedanta, In
dian Holy man, winces as he con
templates facing Stanford stu
dents tonight at the Experiment.

Swaml A C. Bhaktivedanta, In
dian Holy man, winces as he con
templates facing Stanford stu
dents tonight at the Experiment.

Swaml A C. Bhaktivedanta, In
dian Holy man, winces as he con
templates facing Stanford stu
dents tonight at the Experiment.
