# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Galvian announces the engage
ment of Sandi Barg, '62, to Ken
McKivett, '60.
Galvian announces the engage
ment of Sandi Barg, '62, to Ken
McKivett, '60.
Galvian announces the engage
ment of Sandi Barg, '62, to Ken
McKivett, '60.
Galvian announces the engage
ment of Sandi Barg, '62, to Ken
McKivett, '60.
Galvian announces the engage
ment of Sandi Barg, '62, to Ken
McKivett, '60.
Galvian announces the engage
ment of Sandi Barg, '62, to Ken
McKivett, '60.
Galvian announces the engage
ment of Sandi Barg, '62, to Ken
McKivett, '60.
Galvian announces the engage
ment of Sandi Barg, '62, to Ken
McKivett, '60.
Galvian announces the engage
ment of Sandi Barg, '62, to Ken
McKivett, '60.
Galvian announces the engage
ment of Sandi Barg, '62, to Ken
McKivett, '60.
Galvian announces the engage
ment of Sandi Barg, '62, to Ken
McKivett, '60.
Galvian announces the engage
ment of Sandi Barg, '62, to Ken
McKivett, '60.
Galvian announces the engage
ment of Sandi Barg, '62, to Ken
McKivett, '60.
Galvian announces the engage
ment of Sandi Barg, '62, to Ken
McKivett, '60.
Galvian announces the engage
ment of Sandi Barg, '62, to Ken
McKivett, '60.
Galvian announces the engage
ment of Sandi Barg, '62, to Ken
McKivett, '60.
