# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Send Home a
Navajo
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Rug of pure NATIVE WOOL,
designed and woven by Indians
of the Navajo Reservation. For
your own room select from our
Shimajo
Table Covers
Pillow Tops
BROWN'S
379 University Ave.
Send Home a
Navajo
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Rug of pure NATIVE WOOL,
designed and woven by Indians
of the Navajo Reservation. For
your own room select from our
Shimajo
Table Covers
Pillow Tops
BROWN'S
379 University Ave.
Send Home a
Navajo
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Rug of pure NATIVE WOOL,
designed and woven by Indians
of the Navajo Reservation. For
your own room select from our
Shimajo
Table Covers
Pillow Tops
BROWN'S
379 University Ave.
Send Home a
Navajo
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Rug of pure NATIVE WOOL,
designed and woven by Indians
of the Navajo Reservation. For
your own room select from our
Shimajo
Table Covers
Pillow Tops
BROWN'S
379 University Ave.
Send Home a
Navajo
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Rug of pure NATIVE WOOL,
designed and woven by Indians
of the Navajo Reservation. For
your own room select from our
Shimajo
Table Covers
Pillow Tops
BROWN'S
379 University Ave.
Send Home a
Navajo
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Rug of pure NATIVE WOOL,
designed and woven by Indians
of the Navajo Reservation. For
your own room select from our
Shimajo
Table Covers
Pillow Tops
BROWN'S
379 University Ave.
Send Home a
Navajo
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Rug of pure NATIVE WOOL,
designed and woven by Indians
of the Navajo Reservation. For
your own room select from our
Shimajo
Table Covers
Pillow Tops
BROWN'S
379 University Ave.
Send Home a
Navajo
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Rug of pure NATIVE WOOL,
designed and woven by Indians
of the Navajo Reservation. For
your own room select from our
Shimajo
Table Covers
Pillow Tops
BROWN'S
379 University Ave.
Send Home a
Navajo
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Rug of pure NATIVE WOOL,
designed and woven by Indians
of the Navajo Reservation. For
your own room select from our
Shimajo
Table Covers
Pillow Tops
BROWN'S
379 University Ave.
Send Home a
Navajo
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Rug of pure NATIVE WOOL,
designed and woven by Indians
of the Navajo Reservation. For
your own room select from our
Shimajo
Table Covers
Pillow Tops
BROWN'S
379 University Ave.
Send Home a
Navajo
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Rug of pure NATIVE WOOL,
designed and woven by Indians
of the Navajo Reservation. For
your own room select from our
Shimajo
Table Covers
Pillow Tops
BROWN'S
379 University Ave.
Send Home a
Navajo
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Rug of pure NATIVE WOOL,
designed and woven by Indians
of the Navajo Reservation. For
your own room select from our
Shimajo
Table Covers
Pillow Tops
BROWN'S
379 University Ave.
Send Home a
Navajo
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Rug of pure NATIVE WOOL,
designed and woven by Indians
of the Navajo Reservation. For
your own room select from our
Shimajo
Table Covers
Pillow Tops
BROWN'S
379 University Ave.
Send Home a
Navajo
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Rug of pure NATIVE WOOL,
designed and woven by Indians
of the Navajo Reservation. For
your own room select from our
Shimajo
Table Covers
Pillow Tops
BROWN'S
379 University Ave.
