# McGILL UNIVERSITY GIVES OUT REGISTRATION FIGURES
## 
### 
Total registration at McGill Univer
sity, Montreal, is 3,065, according to
incomplete figures tabulated by the
Registrar's office. Registration in all
schools except music is closed for the
fall quarter. The statistics include the
students in sixteen of the schools of
the university but are exclusive of ex
tension department figures and the
enrollment in short winter courses.
Total registration at McGill Univer
sity, Montreal, is 3,065, according to
incomplete figures tabulated by the
Registrar's office. Registration in all
schools except music is closed for the
fall quarter. The statistics include the
students in sixteen of the schools of
the university but are exclusive of ex
tension department figures and the
enrollment in short winter courses.
Total registration at McGill Univer
sity, Montreal, is 3,065, according to
incomplete figures tabulated by the
Registrar's office. Registration in all
schools except music is closed for the
fall quarter. The statistics include the
students in sixteen of the schools of
the university but are exclusive of ex
tension department figures and the
enrollment in short winter courses.
Total registration at McGill Univer
sity, Montreal, is 3,065, according to
incomplete figures tabulated by the
Registrar's office. Registration in all
schools except music is closed for the
fall quarter. The statistics include the
students in sixteen of the schools of
the university but are exclusive of ex
tension department figures and the
enrollment in short winter courses.
Total registration at McGill Univer
sity, Montreal, is 3,065, according to
incomplete figures tabulated by the
Registrar's office. Registration in all
schools except music is closed for the
fall quarter. The statistics include the
students in sixteen of the schools of
the university but are exclusive of ex
tension department figures and the
enrollment in short winter courses.
Total registration at McGill Univer
sity, Montreal, is 3,065, according to
incomplete figures tabulated by the
Registrar's office. Registration in all
schools except music is closed for the
fall quarter. The statistics include the
students in sixteen of the schools of
the university but are exclusive of ex
tension department figures and the
enrollment in short winter courses.
Total registration at McGill Univer
sity, Montreal, is 3,065, according to
incomplete figures tabulated by the
Registrar's office. Registration in all
schools except music is closed for the
fall quarter. The statistics include the
students in sixteen of the schools of
the university but are exclusive of ex
tension department figures and the
enrollment in short winter courses.
Total registration at McGill Univer
sity, Montreal, is 3,065, according to
incomplete figures tabulated by the
Registrar's office. Registration in all
schools except music is closed for the
fall quarter. The statistics include the
students in sixteen of the schools of
the university but are exclusive of ex
tension department figures and the
enrollment in short winter courses.
Total registration at McGill Univer
sity, Montreal, is 3,065, according to
incomplete figures tabulated by the
Registrar's office. Registration in all
schools except music is closed for the
fall quarter. The statistics include the
students in sixteen of the schools of
the university but are exclusive of ex
tension department figures and the
enrollment in short winter courses.
Total registration at McGill Univer
sity, Montreal, is 3,065, according to
incomplete figures tabulated by the
Registrar's office. Registration in all
schools except music is closed for the
fall quarter. The statistics include the
students in sixteen of the schools of
the university but are exclusive of ex
tension department figures and the
enrollment in short winter courses.
Total registration at McGill Univer
sity, Montreal, is 3,065, according to
incomplete figures tabulated by the
Registrar's office. Registration in all
schools except music is closed for the
fall quarter. The statistics include the
students in sixteen of the schools of
the university but are exclusive of ex
tension department figures and the
enrollment in short winter courses.
Total registration at McGill Univer
sity, Montreal, is 3,065, according to
incomplete figures tabulated by the
Registrar's office. Registration in all
schools except music is closed for the
fall quarter. The statistics include the
students in sixteen of the schools of
the university but are exclusive of ex
tension department figures and the
enrollment in short winter courses.
Total registration at McGill Univer
sity, Montreal, is 3,065, according to
incomplete figures tabulated by the
Registrar's office. Registration in all
schools except music is closed for the
fall quarter. The statistics include the
students in sixteen of the schools of
the university but are exclusive of ex
tension department figures and the
enrollment in short winter courses.
Total registration at McGill Univer
sity, Montreal, is 3,065, according to
incomplete figures tabulated by the
Registrar's office. Registration in all
schools except music is closed for the
fall quarter. The statistics include the
students in sixteen of the schools of
the university but are exclusive of ex
tension department figures and the
enrollment in short winter courses.
