# WAR ON WESTERN CONFERENCE GAMBLING IS UNDERTAKEN
## 
### 
Gambling in the universities of the
Western Conference is being fought
by John L. Griffith, Big Ten athletics
director. A campaign to eliminate bet
ting on all athletic contests in the
middlewest has been started and Grif
fith in opening the drive says "that
one of the greatest evils attendant
upon college athletics is gambling on
the results of the contests."
Griffith gives three reasons why
concerted action is necessary to blot
out gambling. First, fraternities of
rival schools frequently collect pools
and lay bets between the chapters.
Second, the effect of united action by
all the Big Ten universities will give
greater force to the movement. Third,
the Western Conference, which has
always been progressive, should take
the lead in clearing up college ath
letics of gambling and its evil effects.
Gambling in the universities of the
Western Conference is being fought
by John L. Griffith, Big Ten athletics
director. A campaign to eliminate bet
ting on all athletic contests in the
middlewest has been started and Grif
fith in opening the drive says "that
one of the greatest evils attendant
upon college athletics is gambling on
the results of the contests."
Griffith gives three reasons why
concerted action is necessary to blot
out gambling. First, fraternities of
rival schools frequently collect pools
and lay bets between the chapters.
Second, the effect of united action by
all the Big Ten universities will give
greater force to the movement. Third,
the Western Conference, which has
always been progressive, should take
the lead in clearing up college ath
letics of gambling and its evil effects.
Gambling in the universities of the
Western Conference is being fought
by John L. Griffith, Big Ten athletics
director. A campaign to eliminate bet
ting on all athletic contests in the
middlewest has been started and Grif
fith in opening the drive says "that
one of the greatest evils attendant
upon college athletics is gambling on
the results of the contests."
Griffith gives three reasons why
concerted action is necessary to blot
out gambling. First, fraternities of
rival schools frequently collect pools
and lay bets between the chapters.
Second, the effect of united action by
all the Big Ten universities will give
greater force to the movement. Third,
the Western Conference, which has
always been progressive, should take
the lead in clearing up college ath
letics of gambling and its evil effects.
Gambling in the universities of the
Western Conference is being fought
by John L. Griffith, Big Ten athletics
director. A campaign to eliminate bet
ting on all athletic contests in the
middlewest has been started and Grif
fith in opening the drive says "that
one of the greatest evils attendant
upon college athletics is gambling on
the results of the contests."
Griffith gives three reasons why
concerted action is necessary to blot
out gambling. First, fraternities of
rival schools frequently collect pools
and lay bets between the chapters.
Second, the effect of united action by
all the Big Ten universities will give
greater force to the movement. Third,
the Western Conference, which has
always been progressive, should take
the lead in clearing up college ath
letics of gambling and its evil effects.
Gambling in the universities of the
Western Conference is being fought
by John L. Griffith, Big Ten athletics
director. A campaign to eliminate bet
ting on all athletic contests in the
middlewest has been started and Grif
fith in opening the drive says "that
one of the greatest evils attendant
upon college athletics is gambling on
the results of the contests."
Griffith gives three reasons why
concerted action is necessary to blot
out gambling. First, fraternities of
rival schools frequently collect pools
and lay bets between the chapters.
Second, the effect of united action by
all the Big Ten universities will give
greater force to the movement. Third,
the Western Conference, which has
always been progressive, should take
the lead in clearing up college ath
letics of gambling and its evil effects.
Gambling in the universities of the
Western Conference is being fought
by John L. Griffith, Big Ten athletics
director. A campaign to eliminate bet
ting on all athletic contests in the
middlewest has been started and Grif
fith in opening the drive says "that
one of the greatest evils attendant
upon college athletics is gambling on
the results of the contests."
Griffith gives three reasons why
concerted action is necessary to blot
out gambling. First, fraternities of
rival schools frequently collect pools
and lay bets between the chapters.
Second, the effect of united action by
all the Big Ten universities will give
greater force to the movement. Third,
the Western Conference, which has
always been progressive, should take
the lead in clearing up college ath
letics of gambling and its evil effects.
Gambling in the universities of the
Western Conference is being fought
by John L. Griffith, Big Ten athletics
director. A campaign to eliminate bet
ting on all athletic contests in the
middlewest has been started and Grif
fith in opening the drive says "that
one of the greatest evils attendant
upon college athletics is gambling on
the results of the contests."
Griffith gives three reasons why
concerted action is necessary to blot
out gambling. First, fraternities of
rival schools frequently collect pools
and lay bets between the chapters.
Second, the effect of united action by
all the Big Ten universities will give
greater force to the movement. Third,
the Western Conference, which has
always been progressive, should take
the lead in clearing up college ath
letics of gambling and its evil effects.
Gambling in the universities of the
Western Conference is being fought
by John L. Griffith, Big Ten athletics
director. A campaign to eliminate bet
ting on all athletic contests in the
middlewest has been started and Grif
fith in opening the drive says "that
one of the greatest evils attendant
upon college athletics is gambling on
the results of the contests."
Griffith gives three reasons why
concerted action is necessary to blot
out gambling. First, fraternities of
rival schools frequently collect pools
and lay bets between the chapters.
Second, the effect of united action by
all the Big Ten universities will give
greater force to the movement. Third,
the Western Conference, which has
always been progressive, should take
the lead in clearing up college ath
letics of gambling and its evil effects.
Gambling in the universities of the
Western Conference is being fought
by John L. Griffith, Big Ten athletics
director. A campaign to eliminate bet
ting on all athletic contests in the
middlewest has been started and Grif
fith in opening the drive says "that
one of the greatest evils attendant
upon college athletics is gambling on
the results of the contests."
Griffith gives three reasons why
concerted action is necessary to blot
out gambling. First, fraternities of
rival schools frequently collect pools
and lay bets between the chapters.
Second, the effect of united action by
all the Big Ten universities will give
greater force to the movement. Third,
the Western Conference, which has
always been progressive, should take
the lead in clearing up college ath
letics of gambling and its evil effects.
Gambling in the universities of the
Western Conference is being fought
by John L. Griffith, Big Ten athletics
director. A campaign to eliminate bet
ting on all athletic contests in the
middlewest has been started and Grif
fith in opening the drive says "that
one of the greatest evils attendant
upon college athletics is gambling on
the results of the contests."
Griffith gives three reasons why
concerted action is necessary to blot
out gambling. First, fraternities of
rival schools frequently collect pools
and lay bets between the chapters.
Second, the effect of united action by
all the Big Ten universities will give
greater force to the movement. Third,
the Western Conference, which has
always been progressive, should take
the lead in clearing up college ath
letics of gambling and its evil effects.
Gambling in the universities of the
Western Conference is being fought
by John L. Griffith, Big Ten athletics
director. A campaign to eliminate bet
ting on all athletic contests in the
middlewest has been started and Grif
fith in opening the drive says "that
one of the greatest evils attendant
upon college athletics is gambling on
the results of the contests."
Griffith gives three reasons why
concerted action is necessary to blot
out gambling. First, fraternities of
rival schools frequently collect pools
and lay bets between the chapters.
Second, the effect of united action by
all the Big Ten universities will give
greater force to the movement. Third,
the Western Conference, which has
always been progressive, should take
the lead in clearing up college ath
letics of gambling and its evil effects.
Gambling in the universities of the
Western Conference is being fought
by John L. Griffith, Big Ten athletics
director. A campaign to eliminate bet
ting on all athletic contests in the
middlewest has been started and Grif
fith in opening the drive says "that
one of the greatest evils attendant
upon college athletics is gambling on
the results of the contests."
Griffith gives three reasons why
concerted action is necessary to blot
out gambling. First, fraternities of
rival schools frequently collect pools
and lay bets between the chapters.
Second, the effect of united action by
all the Big Ten universities will give
greater force to the movement. Third,
the Western Conference, which has
always been progressive, should take
the lead in clearing up college ath
letics of gambling and its evil effects.
Gambling in the universities of the
Western Conference is being fought
by John L. Griffith, Big Ten athletics
director. A campaign to eliminate bet
ting on all athletic contests in the
middlewest has been started and Grif
fith in opening the drive says "that
one of the greatest evils attendant
upon college athletics is gambling on
the results of the contests."
Griffith gives three reasons why
concerted action is necessary to blot
out gambling. First, fraternities of
rival schools frequently collect pools
and lay bets between the chapters.
Second, the effect of united action by
all the Big Ten universities will give
greater force to the movement. Third,
the Western Conference, which has
always been progressive, should take
the lead in clearing up college ath
letics of gambling and its evil effects.
Gambling in the universities of the
Western Conference is being fought
by John L. Griffith, Big Ten athletics
director. A campaign to eliminate bet
ting on all athletic contests in the
middlewest has been started and Grif
fith in opening the drive says "that
one of the greatest evils attendant
upon college athletics is gambling on
the results of the contests."
Griffith gives three reasons why
concerted action is necessary to blot
out gambling. First, fraternities of
rival schools frequently collect pools
and lay bets between the chapters.
Second, the effect of united action by
all the Big Ten universities will give
greater force to the movement. Third,
the Western Conference, which has
always been progressive, should take
the lead in clearing up college ath
letics of gambling and its evil effects.
