# Pake to Receive Award of Merit
## 
### 
Dr. George E. Pake. Stanford
physicist, will be honored by his
Alma Mater today. He will receive
the alumni award of merit from
Carnegie Institute of Technology
at the Alumni Federation banquet
at Pittsburgh.
Pake, originator of nuclear res
onance techniques for analyzing
the structure of crystals, is a
member of the Governing Board
of the American Institute of
Physics. He was graduated from
Carnegie Tech in 1943 and first
applied nuclear resonance to crys
tal analysis as a graduate student
at Harvard.
Dr. George E. Pake. Stanford
physicist, will be honored by his
Alma Mater today. He will receive
the alumni award of merit from
Carnegie Institute of Technology
at the Alumni Federation banquet
at Pittsburgh.
Pake, originator of nuclear res
onance techniques for analyzing
the structure of crystals, is a
member of the Governing Board
of the American Institute of
Physics. He was graduated from
Carnegie Tech in 1943 and first
applied nuclear resonance to crys
tal analysis as a graduate student
at Harvard.
Dr. George E. Pake. Stanford
physicist, will be honored by his
Alma Mater today. He will receive
the alumni award of merit from
Carnegie Institute of Technology
at the Alumni Federation banquet
at Pittsburgh.
Pake, originator of nuclear res
onance techniques for analyzing
the structure of crystals, is a
member of the Governing Board
of the American Institute of
Physics. He was graduated from
Carnegie Tech in 1943 and first
applied nuclear resonance to crys
tal analysis as a graduate student
at Harvard.
Dr. George E. Pake. Stanford
physicist, will be honored by his
Alma Mater today. He will receive
the alumni award of merit from
Carnegie Institute of Technology
at the Alumni Federation banquet
at Pittsburgh.
Pake, originator of nuclear res
onance techniques for analyzing
the structure of crystals, is a
member of the Governing Board
of the American Institute of
Physics. He was graduated from
Carnegie Tech in 1943 and first
applied nuclear resonance to crys
tal analysis as a graduate student
at Harvard.
Dr. George E. Pake. Stanford
physicist, will be honored by his
Alma Mater today. He will receive
the alumni award of merit from
Carnegie Institute of Technology
at the Alumni Federation banquet
at Pittsburgh.
Pake, originator of nuclear res
onance techniques for analyzing
the structure of crystals, is a
member of the Governing Board
of the American Institute of
Physics. He was graduated from
Carnegie Tech in 1943 and first
applied nuclear resonance to crys
tal analysis as a graduate student
at Harvard.
Dr. George E. Pake. Stanford
physicist, will be honored by his
Alma Mater today. He will receive
the alumni award of merit from
Carnegie Institute of Technology
at the Alumni Federation banquet
at Pittsburgh.
Pake, originator of nuclear res
onance techniques for analyzing
the structure of crystals, is a
member of the Governing Board
of the American Institute of
Physics. He was graduated from
Carnegie Tech in 1943 and first
applied nuclear resonance to crys
tal analysis as a graduate student
at Harvard.
Dr. George E. Pake. Stanford
physicist, will be honored by his
Alma Mater today. He will receive
the alumni award of merit from
Carnegie Institute of Technology
at the Alumni Federation banquet
at Pittsburgh.
Pake, originator of nuclear res
onance techniques for analyzing
the structure of crystals, is a
member of the Governing Board
of the American Institute of
Physics. He was graduated from
Carnegie Tech in 1943 and first
applied nuclear resonance to crys
tal analysis as a graduate student
at Harvard.
Dr. George E. Pake. Stanford
physicist, will be honored by his
Alma Mater today. He will receive
the alumni award of merit from
Carnegie Institute of Technology
at the Alumni Federation banquet
at Pittsburgh.
Pake, originator of nuclear res
onance techniques for analyzing
the structure of crystals, is a
member of the Governing Board
of the American Institute of
Physics. He was graduated from
Carnegie Tech in 1943 and first
applied nuclear resonance to crys
tal analysis as a graduate student
at Harvard.
Dr. George E. Pake. Stanford
physicist, will be honored by his
Alma Mater today. He will receive
the alumni award of merit from
Carnegie Institute of Technology
at the Alumni Federation banquet
at Pittsburgh.
Pake, originator of nuclear res
onance techniques for analyzing
the structure of crystals, is a
member of the Governing Board
of the American Institute of
Physics. He was graduated from
Carnegie Tech in 1943 and first
applied nuclear resonance to crys
tal analysis as a graduate student
at Harvard.
Dr. George E. Pake. Stanford
physicist, will be honored by his
Alma Mater today. He will receive
the alumni award of merit from
Carnegie Institute of Technology
at the Alumni Federation banquet
at Pittsburgh.
Pake, originator of nuclear res
onance techniques for analyzing
the structure of crystals, is a
member of the Governing Board
of the American Institute of
Physics. He was graduated from
Carnegie Tech in 1943 and first
applied nuclear resonance to crys
tal analysis as a graduate student
at Harvard.
Dr. George E. Pake. Stanford
physicist, will be honored by his
Alma Mater today. He will receive
the alumni award of merit from
Carnegie Institute of Technology
at the Alumni Federation banquet
at Pittsburgh.
Pake, originator of nuclear res
onance techniques for analyzing
the structure of crystals, is a
member of the Governing Board
of the American Institute of
Physics. He was graduated from
Carnegie Tech in 1943 and first
applied nuclear resonance to crys
tal analysis as a graduate student
at Harvard.
Dr. George E. Pake. Stanford
physicist, will be honored by his
Alma Mater today. He will receive
the alumni award of merit from
Carnegie Institute of Technology
at the Alumni Federation banquet
at Pittsburgh.
Pake, originator of nuclear res
onance techniques for analyzing
the structure of crystals, is a
member of the Governing Board
of the American Institute of
Physics. He was graduated from
Carnegie Tech in 1943 and first
applied nuclear resonance to crys
tal analysis as a graduate student
at Harvard.
Dr. George E. Pake. Stanford
physicist, will be honored by his
Alma Mater today. He will receive
the alumni award of merit from
Carnegie Institute of Technology
at the Alumni Federation banquet
at Pittsburgh.
Pake, originator of nuclear res
onance techniques for analyzing
the structure of crystals, is a
member of the Governing Board
of the American Institute of
Physics. He was graduated from
Carnegie Tech in 1943 and first
applied nuclear resonance to crys
tal analysis as a graduate student
at Harvard.
Dr. George E. Pake. Stanford
physicist, will be honored by his
Alma Mater today. He will receive
the alumni award of merit from
Carnegie Institute of Technology
at the Alumni Federation banquet
at Pittsburgh.
Pake, originator of nuclear res
onance techniques for analyzing
the structure of crystals, is a
member of the Governing Board
of the American Institute of
Physics. He was graduated from
Carnegie Tech in 1943 and first
applied nuclear resonance to crys
tal analysis as a graduate student
at Harvard.
Dr. George E. Pake. Stanford
physicist, will be honored by his
Alma Mater today. He will receive
the alumni award of merit from
Carnegie Institute of Technology
at the Alumni Federation banquet
at Pittsburgh.
Pake, originator of nuclear res
onance techniques for analyzing
the structure of crystals, is a
member of the Governing Board
of the American Institute of
Physics. He was graduated from
Carnegie Tech in 1943 and first
applied nuclear resonance to crys
tal analysis as a graduate student
at Harvard.
Dr. George E. Pake. Stanford
physicist, will be honored by his
Alma Mater today. He will receive
the alumni award of merit from
Carnegie Institute of Technology
at the Alumni Federation banquet
at Pittsburgh.
Pake, originator of nuclear res
onance techniques for analyzing
the structure of crystals, is a
member of the Governing Board
of the American Institute of
Physics. He was graduated from
Carnegie Tech in 1943 and first
applied nuclear resonance to crys
tal analysis as a graduate student
at Harvard.
Dr. George E. Pake. Stanford
physicist, will be honored by his
Alma Mater today. He will receive
the alumni award of merit from
Carnegie Institute of Technology
at the Alumni Federation banquet
at Pittsburgh.
Pake, originator of nuclear res
onance techniques for analyzing
the structure of crystals, is a
member of the Governing Board
of the American Institute of
Physics. He was graduated from
Carnegie Tech in 1943 and first
applied nuclear resonance to crys
tal analysis as a graduate student
at Harvard.
Dr. George E. Pake. Stanford
physicist, will be honored by his
Alma Mater today. He will receive
the alumni award of merit from
Carnegie Institute of Technology
at the Alumni Federation banquet
at Pittsburgh.
Pake, originator of nuclear res
onance techniques for analyzing
the structure of crystals, is a
member of the Governing Board
of the American Institute of
Physics. He was graduated from
Carnegie Tech in 1943 and first
applied nuclear resonance to crys
tal analysis as a graduate student
at Harvard.
