# Out Of Focus
## Senate Elections 
### Andy Israel 
The October 15th Viet Nam
Moratorium stands as the most
significant campus activity in
recent years. Possibly the most
important student/faculty activity
ever to take place on the Stanford
campus.
The Stanford Daily, The
Chaparral, and other publications
on campus and across the nation
have made the activities of the
15th their prime focus and
rightfully so. The long range
importance and impact of the
Moratorium lends it precedence
over all other occurrences.
Naturally, concurrent activities
have been relegated to the
background, and this creates a
danger of poor participation and
inadequate publicity.
The Student Senate Elections
have never been a well
participated-in activity in recent
years. Voter apathy due to a
feeling that the Senate was
impotent in policy formation on
campus has resulted in election by
less than ten percent of the
constituencies of the candidates.
This year, students are to be
represented on committees of the
University—these people will be
the senators. An uninformed and
non-participating student body
stands no chance of electing
proper representatives of student
sentiment.
No Organization
So far, there has been no
organization effort made to
present the candidates to the
voters, and students have been

forced to rely on posters and
candidate canvassing to formulate
their choices.
No opportunities to meet all of
the candidates at once have been
provided, no opportunities to
question candidates and compare
their views has been provided, no
adequate explanation of election
procedures and poll locations has
been made, and no one except the
candidates has made any effort to
get people to vote.
Parts of this can be blamed on
the presence of the more pressing
issue of the Moratorium, but it
must be kept in mind no effort is
being made to elect people who
will properly represent student
opinion in formulating ASSU
official policy on the war and
other issues.
General Guide
Possible solutions include
postponing the election until
activities allow it to be given
fitting attention, organizing
forums for each division of
candidates to meet the public, or
issuing a general guide listing the
qualifications and platforms of
each candidate.
Everything from a picture of
Donald Duck on a campaign
poster to a rubber stamp on the
side walk tries to win a student's
vote. If a nationwide peace
protest can be well coordinated
and organized, why can't there be
a representative and equitable
election of student senators?
(Andy Israel is a freshman and
a regular columnist for the Daily).
The October 15th Viet Nam
Moratorium stands as the most
significant campus activity in
recent years. Possibly the most
important student/faculty activity
ever to take place on the Stanford
campus.
The Stanford Daily, The
Chaparral, and other publications
on campus and across the nation
have made the activities of the
15th their prime focus and
rightfully so. The long range
importance and impact of the
Moratorium lends it precedence
over all other occurrences.
Naturally, concurrent activities
have been relegated to the
background, and this creates a
danger of poor participation and
inadequate publicity.
The Student Senate Elections
have never been a well
participated-in activity in recent
years. Voter apathy due to a
feeling that the Senate was
impotent in policy formation on
campus has resulted in election by
less than ten percent of the
constituencies of the candidates.
This year, students are to be
represented on committees of the
University—these people will be
the senators. An uninformed and
non-participating student body
stands no chance of electing
proper representatives of student
sentiment.
No Organization
So far, there has been no
organization effort made to
present the candidates to the
voters, and students have been

forced to rely on posters and
candidate canvassing to formulate
their choices.
No opportunities to meet all of
the candidates at once have been
provided, no opportunities to
question candidates and compare
their views has been provided, no
adequate explanation of election
procedures and poll locations has
been made, and no one except the
candidates has made any effort to
get people to vote.
Parts of this can be blamed on
the presence of the more pressing
issue of the Moratorium, but it
must be kept in mind no effort is
being made to elect people who
will properly represent student
opinion in formulating ASSU
official policy on the war and
other issues.
General Guide
Possible solutions include
postponing the election until
activities allow it to be given
fitting attention, organizing
forums for each division of
candidates to meet the public, or
issuing a general guide listing the
qualifications and platforms of
each candidate.
Everything from a picture of
Donald Duck on a campaign
poster to a rubber stamp on the
side walk tries to win a student's
vote. If a nationwide peace
protest can be well coordinated
and organized, why can't there be
a representative and equitable
election of student senators?
(Andy Israel is a freshman and
a regular columnist for the Daily).
The October 15th Viet Nam
Moratorium stands as the most
significant campus activity in
recent years. Possibly the most
important student/faculty activity
ever to take place on the Stanford
campus.
The Stanford Daily, The
Chaparral, and other publications
on campus and across the nation
have made the activities of the
15th their prime focus and
rightfully so. The long range
importance and impact of the
Moratorium lends it precedence
over all other occurrences.
Naturally, concurrent activities
have been relegated to the
background, and this creates a
danger of poor participation and
inadequate publicity.
The Student Senate Elections
have never been a well
participated-in activity in recent
years. Voter apathy due to a
feeling that the Senate was
impotent in policy formation on
campus has resulted in election by
less than ten percent of the
constituencies of the candidates.
This year, students are to be
represented on committees of the
University—these people will be
the senators. An uninformed and
non-participating student body
stands no chance of electing
proper representatives of student
sentiment.
No Organization
So far, there has been no
organization effort made to
present the candidates to the
voters, and students have been

forced to rely on posters and
candidate canvassing to formulate
their choices.
No opportunities to meet all of
the candidates at once have been
provided, no opportunities to
question candidates and compare
their views has been provided, no
adequate explanation of election
procedures and poll locations has
been made, and no one except the
candidates has made any effort to
get people to vote.
Parts of this can be blamed on
the presence of the more pressing
issue of the Moratorium, but it
must be kept in mind no effort is
being made to elect people who
will properly represent student
opinion in formulating ASSU
official policy on the war and
other issues.
General Guide
Possible solutions include
postponing the election until
activities allow it to be given
fitting attention, organizing
forums for each division of
candidates to meet the public, or
issuing a general guide listing the
qualifications and platforms of
each candidate.
Everything from a picture of
Donald Duck on a campaign
poster to a rubber stamp on the
side walk tries to win a student's
vote. If a nationwide peace
protest can be well coordinated
and organized, why can't there be
a representative and equitable
election of student senators?
(Andy Israel is a freshman and
a regular columnist for the Daily).
The October 15th Viet Nam
Moratorium stands as the most
significant campus activity in
recent years. Possibly the most
important student/faculty activity
ever to take place on the Stanford
campus.
The Stanford Daily, The
Chaparral, and other publications
on campus and across the nation
have made the activities of the
15th their prime focus and
rightfully so. The long range
importance and impact of the
Moratorium lends it precedence
over all other occurrences.
Naturally, concurrent activities
have been relegated to the
background, and this creates a
danger of poor participation and
inadequate publicity.
The Student Senate Elections
have never been a well
participated-in activity in recent
years. Voter apathy due to a
feeling that the Senate was
impotent in policy formation on
campus has resulted in election by
less than ten percent of the
constituencies of the candidates.
This year, students are to be
represented on committees of the
University—these people will be
the senators. An uninformed and
non-participating student body
stands no chance of electing
proper representatives of student
sentiment.
No Organization
So far, there has been no
organization effort made to
present the candidates to the
voters, and students have been

forced to rely on posters and
candidate canvassing to formulate
their choices.
No opportunities to meet all of
the candidates at once have been
provided, no opportunities to
question candidates and compare
their views has been provided, no
adequate explanation of election
procedures and poll locations has
been made, and no one except the
candidates has made any effort to
get people to vote.
Parts of this can be blamed on
the presence of the more pressing
issue of the Moratorium, but it
must be kept in mind no effort is
being made to elect people who
will properly represent student
opinion in formulating ASSU
official policy on the war and
other issues.
General Guide
Possible solutions include
postponing the election until
activities allow it to be given
fitting attention, organizing
forums for each division of
candidates to meet the public, or
issuing a general guide listing the
qualifications and platforms of
each candidate.
Everything from a picture of
Donald Duck on a campaign
poster to a rubber stamp on the
side walk tries to win a student's
vote. If a nationwide peace
protest can be well coordinated
and organized, why can't there be
a representative and equitable
election of student senators?
(Andy Israel is a freshman and
a regular columnist for the Daily).
The October 15th Viet Nam
Moratorium stands as the most
significant campus activity in
recent years. Possibly the most
important student/faculty activity
ever to take place on the Stanford
campus.
The Stanford Daily, The
Chaparral, and other publications
on campus and across the nation
have made the activities of the
15th their prime focus and
rightfully so. The long range
importance and impact of the
Moratorium lends it precedence
over all other occurrences.
Naturally, concurrent activities
have been relegated to the
background, and this creates a
danger of poor participation and
inadequate publicity.
The Student Senate Elections
have never been a well
participated-in activity in recent
years. Voter apathy due to a
feeling that the Senate was
impotent in policy formation on
campus has resulted in election by
less than ten percent of the
constituencies of the candidates.
This year, students are to be
represented on committees of the
University—these people will be
the senators. An uninformed and
non-participating student body
stands no chance of electing
proper representatives of student
sentiment.
No Organization
So far, there has been no
organization effort made to
present the candidates to the
voters, and students have been

forced to rely on posters and
candidate canvassing to formulate
their choices.
No opportunities to meet all of
the candidates at once have been
provided, no opportunities to
question candidates and compare
their views has been provided, no
adequate explanation of election
procedures and poll locations has
been made, and no one except the
candidates has made any effort to
get people to vote.
Parts of this can be blamed on
the presence of the more pressing
issue of the Moratorium, but it
must be kept in mind no effort is
being made to elect people who
will properly represent student
opinion in formulating ASSU
official policy on the war and
other issues.
General Guide
Possible solutions include
postponing the election until
activities allow it to be given
fitting attention, organizing
forums for each division of
candidates to meet the public, or
issuing a general guide listing the
qualifications and platforms of
each candidate.
Everything from a picture of
Donald Duck on a campaign
poster to a rubber stamp on the
side walk tries to win a student's
vote. If a nationwide peace
protest can be well coordinated
and organized, why can't there be
a representative and equitable
election of student senators?
(Andy Israel is a freshman and
a regular columnist for the Daily).
The October 15th Viet Nam
Moratorium stands as the most
significant campus activity in
recent years. Possibly the most
important student/faculty activity
ever to take place on the Stanford
campus.
The Stanford Daily, The
Chaparral, and other publications
on campus and across the nation
have made the activities of the
15th their prime focus and
rightfully so. The long range
importance and impact of the
Moratorium lends it precedence
over all other occurrences.
Naturally, concurrent activities
have been relegated to the
background, and this creates a
danger of poor participation and
inadequate publicity.
The Student Senate Elections
have never been a well
participated-in activity in recent
years. Voter apathy due to a
feeling that the Senate was
impotent in policy formation on
campus has resulted in election by
less than ten percent of the
constituencies of the candidates.
This year, students are to be
represented on committees of the
University—these people will be
the senators. An uninformed and
non-participating student body
stands no chance of electing
proper representatives of student
sentiment.
No Organization
So far, there has been no
organization effort made to
present the candidates to the
voters, and students have been

forced to rely on posters and
candidate canvassing to formulate
their choices.
No opportunities to meet all of
the candidates at once have been
provided, no opportunities to
question candidates and compare
their views has been provided, no
adequate explanation of election
procedures and poll locations has
been made, and no one except the
candidates has made any effort to
get people to vote.
Parts of this can be blamed on
the presence of the more pressing
issue of the Moratorium, but it
must be kept in mind no effort is
being made to elect people who
will properly represent student
opinion in formulating ASSU
official policy on the war and
other issues.
General Guide
Possible solutions include
postponing the election until
activities allow it to be given
fitting attention, organizing
forums for each division of
candidates to meet the public, or
issuing a general guide listing the
qualifications and platforms of
each candidate.
Everything from a picture of
Donald Duck on a campaign
poster to a rubber stamp on the
side walk tries to win a student's
vote. If a nationwide peace
protest can be well coordinated
and organized, why can't there be
a representative and equitable
election of student senators?
(Andy Israel is a freshman and
a regular columnist for the Daily).
The October 15th Viet Nam
Moratorium stands as the most
significant campus activity in
recent years. Possibly the most
important student/faculty activity
ever to take place on the Stanford
campus.
The Stanford Daily, The
Chaparral, and other publications
on campus and across the nation
have made the activities of the
15th their prime focus and
rightfully so. The long range
importance and impact of the
Moratorium lends it precedence
over all other occurrences.
Naturally, concurrent activities
have been relegated to the
background, and this creates a
danger of poor participation and
inadequate publicity.
The Student Senate Elections
have never been a well
participated-in activity in recent
years. Voter apathy due to a
feeling that the Senate was
impotent in policy formation on
campus has resulted in election by
less than ten percent of the
constituencies of the candidates.
This year, students are to be
represented on committees of the
University—these people will be
the senators. An uninformed and
non-participating student body
stands no chance of electing
proper representatives of student
sentiment.
No Organization
So far, there has been no
organization effort made to
present the candidates to the
voters, and students have been

forced to rely on posters and
candidate canvassing to formulate
their choices.
No opportunities to meet all of
the candidates at once have been
provided, no opportunities to
question candidates and compare
their views has been provided, no
adequate explanation of election
procedures and poll locations has
been made, and no one except the
candidates has made any effort to
get people to vote.
Parts of this can be blamed on
the presence of the more pressing
issue of the Moratorium, but it
must be kept in mind no effort is
being made to elect people who
will properly represent student
opinion in formulating ASSU
official policy on the war and
other issues.
General Guide
Possible solutions include
postponing the election until
activities allow it to be given
fitting attention, organizing
forums for each division of
candidates to meet the public, or
issuing a general guide listing the
qualifications and platforms of
each candidate.
Everything from a picture of
Donald Duck on a campaign
poster to a rubber stamp on the
side walk tries to win a student's
vote. If a nationwide peace
protest can be well coordinated
and organized, why can't there be
a representative and equitable
election of student senators?
(Andy Israel is a freshman and
a regular columnist for the Daily).
The October 15th Viet Nam
Moratorium stands as the most
significant campus activity in
recent years. Possibly the most
important student/faculty activity
ever to take place on the Stanford
campus.
The Stanford Daily, The
Chaparral, and other publications
on campus and across the nation
have made the activities of the
15th their prime focus and
rightfully so. The long range
importance and impact of the
Moratorium lends it precedence
over all other occurrences.
Naturally, concurrent activities
have been relegated to the
background, and this creates a
danger of poor participation and
inadequate publicity.
The Student Senate Elections
have never been a well
participated-in activity in recent
years. Voter apathy due to a
feeling that the Senate was
impotent in policy formation on
campus has resulted in election by
less than ten percent of the
constituencies of the candidates.
This year, students are to be
represented on committees of the
University—these people will be
the senators. An uninformed and
non-participating student body
stands no chance of electing
proper representatives of student
sentiment.
No Organization
So far, there has been no
organization effort made to
present the candidates to the
voters, and students have been

forced to rely on posters and
candidate canvassing to formulate
their choices.
No opportunities to meet all of
the candidates at once have been
provided, no opportunities to
question candidates and compare
their views has been provided, no
adequate explanation of election
procedures and poll locations has
been made, and no one except the
candidates has made any effort to
get people to vote.
Parts of this can be blamed on
the presence of the more pressing
issue of the Moratorium, but it
must be kept in mind no effort is
being made to elect people who
will properly represent student
opinion in formulating ASSU
official policy on the war and
other issues.
General Guide
Possible solutions include
postponing the election until
activities allow it to be given
fitting attention, organizing
forums for each division of
candidates to meet the public, or
issuing a general guide listing the
qualifications and platforms of
each candidate.
Everything from a picture of
Donald Duck on a campaign
poster to a rubber stamp on the
side walk tries to win a student's
vote. If a nationwide peace
protest can be well coordinated
and organized, why can't there be
a representative and equitable
election of student senators?
(Andy Israel is a freshman and
a regular columnist for the Daily).
The October 15th Viet Nam
Moratorium stands as the most
significant campus activity in
recent years. Possibly the most
important student/faculty activity
ever to take place on the Stanford
campus.
The Stanford Daily, The
Chaparral, and other publications
on campus and across the nation
have made the activities of the
15th their prime focus and
rightfully so. The long range
importance and impact of the
Moratorium lends it precedence
over all other occurrences.
Naturally, concurrent activities
have been relegated to the
background, and this creates a
danger of poor participation and
inadequate publicity.
The Student Senate Elections
have never been a well
participated-in activity in recent
years. Voter apathy due to a
feeling that the Senate was
impotent in policy formation on
campus has resulted in election by
less than ten percent of the
constituencies of the candidates.
This year, students are to be
represented on committees of the
University—these people will be
the senators. An uninformed and
non-participating student body
stands no chance of electing
proper representatives of student
sentiment.
No Organization
So far, there has been no
organization effort made to
present the candidates to the
voters, and students have been

forced to rely on posters and
candidate canvassing to formulate
their choices.
No opportunities to meet all of
the candidates at once have been
provided, no opportunities to
question candidates and compare
their views has been provided, no
adequate explanation of election
procedures and poll locations has
been made, and no one except the
candidates has made any effort to
get people to vote.
Parts of this can be blamed on
the presence of the more pressing
issue of the Moratorium, but it
must be kept in mind no effort is
being made to elect people who
will properly represent student
opinion in formulating ASSU
official policy on the war and
other issues.
General Guide
Possible solutions include
postponing the election until
activities allow it to be given
fitting attention, organizing
forums for each division of
candidates to meet the public, or
issuing a general guide listing the
qualifications and platforms of
each candidate.
Everything from a picture of
Donald Duck on a campaign
poster to a rubber stamp on the
side walk tries to win a student's
vote. If a nationwide peace
protest can be well coordinated
and organized, why can't there be
a representative and equitable
election of student senators?
(Andy Israel is a freshman and
a regular columnist for the Daily).
The October 15th Viet Nam
Moratorium stands as the most
significant campus activity in
recent years. Possibly the most
important student/faculty activity
ever to take place on the Stanford
campus.
The Stanford Daily, The
Chaparral, and other publications
on campus and across the nation
have made the activities of the
15th their prime focus and
rightfully so. The long range
importance and impact of the
Moratorium lends it precedence
over all other occurrences.
Naturally, concurrent activities
have been relegated to the
background, and this creates a
danger of poor participation and
inadequate publicity.
The Student Senate Elections
have never been a well
participated-in activity in recent
years. Voter apathy due to a
feeling that the Senate was
impotent in policy formation on
campus has resulted in election by
less than ten percent of the
constituencies of the candidates.
This year, students are to be
represented on committees of the
University—these people will be
the senators. An uninformed and
non-participating student body
stands no chance of electing
proper representatives of student
sentiment.
No Organization
So far, there has been no
organization effort made to
present the candidates to the
voters, and students have been

forced to rely on posters and
candidate canvassing to formulate
their choices.
No opportunities to meet all of
the candidates at once have been
provided, no opportunities to
question candidates and compare
their views has been provided, no
adequate explanation of election
procedures and poll locations has
been made, and no one except the
candidates has made any effort to
get people to vote.
Parts of this can be blamed on
the presence of the more pressing
issue of the Moratorium, but it
must be kept in mind no effort is
being made to elect people who
will properly represent student
opinion in formulating ASSU
official policy on the war and
other issues.
General Guide
Possible solutions include
postponing the election until
activities allow it to be given
fitting attention, organizing
forums for each division of
candidates to meet the public, or
issuing a general guide listing the
qualifications and platforms of
each candidate.
Everything from a picture of
Donald Duck on a campaign
poster to a rubber stamp on the
side walk tries to win a student's
vote. If a nationwide peace
protest can be well coordinated
and organized, why can't there be
a representative and equitable
election of student senators?
(Andy Israel is a freshman and
a regular columnist for the Daily).
The October 15th Viet Nam
Moratorium stands as the most
significant campus activity in
recent years. Possibly the most
important student/faculty activity
ever to take place on the Stanford
campus.
The Stanford Daily, The
Chaparral, and other publications
on campus and across the nation
have made the activities of the
15th their prime focus and
rightfully so. The long range
importance and impact of the
Moratorium lends it precedence
over all other occurrences.
Naturally, concurrent activities
have been relegated to the
background, and this creates a
danger of poor participation and
inadequate publicity.
The Student Senate Elections
have never been a well
participated-in activity in recent
years. Voter apathy due to a
feeling that the Senate was
impotent in policy formation on
campus has resulted in election by
less than ten percent of the
constituencies of the candidates.
This year, students are to be
represented on committees of the
University—these people will be
the senators. An uninformed and
non-participating student body
stands no chance of electing
proper representatives of student
sentiment.
No Organization
So far, there has been no
organization effort made to
present the candidates to the
voters, and students have been

forced to rely on posters and
candidate canvassing to formulate
their choices.
No opportunities to meet all of
the candidates at once have been
provided, no opportunities to
question candidates and compare
their views has been provided, no
adequate explanation of election
procedures and poll locations has
been made, and no one except the
candidates has made any effort to
get people to vote.
Parts of this can be blamed on
the presence of the more pressing
issue of the Moratorium, but it
must be kept in mind no effort is
being made to elect people who
will properly represent student
opinion in formulating ASSU
official policy on the war and
other issues.
General Guide
Possible solutions include
postponing the election until
activities allow it to be given
fitting attention, organizing
forums for each division of
candidates to meet the public, or
issuing a general guide listing the
qualifications and platforms of
each candidate.
Everything from a picture of
Donald Duck on a campaign
poster to a rubber stamp on the
side walk tries to win a student's
vote. If a nationwide peace
protest can be well coordinated
and organized, why can't there be
a representative and equitable
election of student senators?
(Andy Israel is a freshman and
a regular columnist for the Daily).
The October 15th Viet Nam
Moratorium stands as the most
significant campus activity in
recent years. Possibly the most
important student/faculty activity
ever to take place on the Stanford
campus.
The Stanford Daily, The
Chaparral, and other publications
on campus and across the nation
have made the activities of the
15th their prime focus and
rightfully so. The long range
importance and impact of the
Moratorium lends it precedence
over all other occurrences.
Naturally, concurrent activities
have been relegated to the
background, and this creates a
danger of poor participation and
inadequate publicity.
The Student Senate Elections
have never been a well
participated-in activity in recent
years. Voter apathy due to a
feeling that the Senate was
impotent in policy formation on
campus has resulted in election by
less than ten percent of the
constituencies of the candidates.
This year, students are to be
represented on committees of the
University—these people will be
the senators. An uninformed and
non-participating student body
stands no chance of electing
proper representatives of student
sentiment.
No Organization
So far, there has been no
organization effort made to
present the candidates to the
voters, and students have been

forced to rely on posters and
candidate canvassing to formulate
their choices.
No opportunities to meet all of
the candidates at once have been
provided, no opportunities to
question candidates and compare
their views has been provided, no
adequate explanation of election
procedures and poll locations has
been made, and no one except the
candidates has made any effort to
get people to vote.
Parts of this can be blamed on
the presence of the more pressing
issue of the Moratorium, but it
must be kept in mind no effort is
being made to elect people who
will properly represent student
opinion in formulating ASSU
official policy on the war and
other issues.
General Guide
Possible solutions include
postponing the election until
activities allow it to be given
fitting attention, organizing
forums for each division of
candidates to meet the public, or
issuing a general guide listing the
qualifications and platforms of
each candidate.
Everything from a picture of
Donald Duck on a campaign
poster to a rubber stamp on the
side walk tries to win a student's
vote. If a nationwide peace
protest can be well coordinated
and organized, why can't there be
a representative and equitable
election of student senators?
(Andy Israel is a freshman and
a regular columnist for the Daily).
The October 15th Viet Nam
Moratorium stands as the most
significant campus activity in
recent years. Possibly the most
important student/faculty activity
ever to take place on the Stanford
campus.
The Stanford Daily, The
Chaparral, and other publications
on campus and across the nation
have made the activities of the
15th their prime focus and
rightfully so. The long range
importance and impact of the
Moratorium lends it precedence
over all other occurrences.
Naturally, concurrent activities
have been relegated to the
background, and this creates a
danger of poor participation and
inadequate publicity.
The Student Senate Elections
have never been a well
participated-in activity in recent
years. Voter apathy due to a
feeling that the Senate was
impotent in policy formation on
campus has resulted in election by
less than ten percent of the
constituencies of the candidates.
This year, students are to be
represented on committees of the
University—these people will be
the senators. An uninformed and
non-participating student body
stands no chance of electing
proper representatives of student
sentiment.
No Organization
So far, there has been no
organization effort made to
present the candidates to the
voters, and students have been

forced to rely on posters and
candidate canvassing to formulate
their choices.
No opportunities to meet all of
the candidates at once have been
provided, no opportunities to
question candidates and compare
their views has been provided, no
adequate explanation of election
procedures and poll locations has
been made, and no one except the
candidates has made any effort to
get people to vote.
Parts of this can be blamed on
the presence of the more pressing
issue of the Moratorium, but it
must be kept in mind no effort is
being made to elect people who
will properly represent student
opinion in formulating ASSU
official policy on the war and
other issues.
General Guide
Possible solutions include
postponing the election until
activities allow it to be given
fitting attention, organizing
forums for each division of
candidates to meet the public, or
issuing a general guide listing the
qualifications and platforms of
each candidate.
Everything from a picture of
Donald Duck on a campaign
poster to a rubber stamp on the
side walk tries to win a student's
vote. If a nationwide peace
protest can be well coordinated
and organized, why can't there be
a representative and equitable
election of student senators?
(Andy Israel is a freshman and
a regular columnist for the Daily).
The October 15th Viet Nam
Moratorium stands as the most
significant campus activity in
recent years. Possibly the most
important student/faculty activity
ever to take place on the Stanford
campus.
The Stanford Daily, The
Chaparral, and other publications
on campus and across the nation
have made the activities of the
15th their prime focus and
rightfully so. The long range
importance and impact of the
Moratorium lends it precedence
over all other occurrences.
Naturally, concurrent activities
have been relegated to the
background, and this creates a
danger of poor participation and
inadequate publicity.
The Student Senate Elections
have never been a well
participated-in activity in recent
years. Voter apathy due to a
feeling that the Senate was
impotent in policy formation on
campus has resulted in election by
less than ten percent of the
constituencies of the candidates.
This year, students are to be
represented on committees of the
University—these people will be
the senators. An uninformed and
non-participating student body
stands no chance of electing
proper representatives of student
sentiment.
No Organization
So far, there has been no
organization effort made to
present the candidates to the
voters, and students have been

forced to rely on posters and
candidate canvassing to formulate
their choices.
No opportunities to meet all of
the candidates at once have been
provided, no opportunities to
question candidates and compare
their views has been provided, no
adequate explanation of election
procedures and poll locations has
been made, and no one except the
candidates has made any effort to
get people to vote.
Parts of this can be blamed on
the presence of the more pressing
issue of the Moratorium, but it
must be kept in mind no effort is
being made to elect people who
will properly represent student
opinion in formulating ASSU
official policy on the war and
other issues.
General Guide
Possible solutions include
postponing the election until
activities allow it to be given
fitting attention, organizing
forums for each division of
candidates to meet the public, or
issuing a general guide listing the
qualifications and platforms of
each candidate.
Everything from a picture of
Donald Duck on a campaign
poster to a rubber stamp on the
side walk tries to win a student's
vote. If a nationwide peace
protest can be well coordinated
and organized, why can't there be
a representative and equitable
election of student senators?
(Andy Israel is a freshman and
a regular columnist for the Daily).
The October 15th Viet Nam
Moratorium stands as the most
significant campus activity in
recent years. Possibly the most
important student/faculty activity
ever to take place on the Stanford
campus.
The Stanford Daily, The
Chaparral, and other publications
on campus and across the nation
have made the activities of the
15th their prime focus and
rightfully so. The long range
importance and impact of the
Moratorium lends it precedence
over all other occurrences.
Naturally, concurrent activities
have been relegated to the
background, and this creates a
danger of poor participation and
inadequate publicity.
The Student Senate Elections
have never been a well
participated-in activity in recent
years. Voter apathy due to a
feeling that the Senate was
impotent in policy formation on
campus has resulted in election by
less than ten percent of the
constituencies of the candidates.
This year, students are to be
represented on committees of the
University—these people will be
the senators. An uninformed and
non-participating student body
stands no chance of electing
proper representatives of student
sentiment.
No Organization
So far, there has been no
organization effort made to
present the candidates to the
voters, and students have been

forced to rely on posters and
candidate canvassing to formulate
their choices.
No opportunities to meet all of
the candidates at once have been
provided, no opportunities to
question candidates and compare
their views has been provided, no
adequate explanation of election
procedures and poll locations has
been made, and no one except the
candidates has made any effort to
get people to vote.
Parts of this can be blamed on
the presence of the more pressing
issue of the Moratorium, but it
must be kept in mind no effort is
being made to elect people who
will properly represent student
opinion in formulating ASSU
official policy on the war and
other issues.
General Guide
Possible solutions include
postponing the election until
activities allow it to be given
fitting attention, organizing
forums for each division of
candidates to meet the public, or
issuing a general guide listing the
qualifications and platforms of
each candidate.
Everything from a picture of
Donald Duck on a campaign
poster to a rubber stamp on the
side walk tries to win a student's
vote. If a nationwide peace
protest can be well coordinated
and organized, why can't there be
a representative and equitable
election of student senators?
(Andy Israel is a freshman and
a regular columnist for the Daily).
