# Mid-East Scholar Selected Curator
## 
### 
George S. Rentz has been ap
pointed curator of the Midle East
Collection at the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace at Stanford, Director W.
Glenn Campbell announced today.
Rent/, founded the Arabian Re
search and Translation Division
of Aramco and served as its first
head from 1946-54. He also con
tributed to the extensive series of
maps detailing the Arabian Pen
insula prepared by the U.S. Geo
logical Survey under the spon
sorship of the United States and
Saudi Arabian governments from
1962 to 1963.
Chiefly interested in the mod
ern history of the Middle East,
Dr. Rentz plans future work on
the history and geography of
Arabia, on modern movements in
Islam, and on the contemporary
Arab world.
George S. Rentz has been ap
pointed curator of the Midle East
Collection at the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace at Stanford, Director W.
Glenn Campbell announced today.
Rent/, founded the Arabian Re
search and Translation Division
of Aramco and served as its first
head from 1946-54. He also con
tributed to the extensive series of
maps detailing the Arabian Pen
insula prepared by the U.S. Geo
logical Survey under the spon
sorship of the United States and
Saudi Arabian governments from
1962 to 1963.
Chiefly interested in the mod
ern history of the Middle East,
Dr. Rentz plans future work on
the history and geography of
Arabia, on modern movements in
Islam, and on the contemporary
Arab world.
George S. Rentz has been ap
pointed curator of the Midle East
Collection at the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace at Stanford, Director W.
Glenn Campbell announced today.
Rent/, founded the Arabian Re
search and Translation Division
of Aramco and served as its first
head from 1946-54. He also con
tributed to the extensive series of
maps detailing the Arabian Pen
insula prepared by the U.S. Geo
logical Survey under the spon
sorship of the United States and
Saudi Arabian governments from
1962 to 1963.
Chiefly interested in the mod
ern history of the Middle East,
Dr. Rentz plans future work on
the history and geography of
Arabia, on modern movements in
Islam, and on the contemporary
Arab world.
George S. Rentz has been ap
pointed curator of the Midle East
Collection at the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace at Stanford, Director W.
Glenn Campbell announced today.
Rent/, founded the Arabian Re
search and Translation Division
of Aramco and served as its first
head from 1946-54. He also con
tributed to the extensive series of
maps detailing the Arabian Pen
insula prepared by the U.S. Geo
logical Survey under the spon
sorship of the United States and
Saudi Arabian governments from
1962 to 1963.
Chiefly interested in the mod
ern history of the Middle East,
Dr. Rentz plans future work on
the history and geography of
Arabia, on modern movements in
Islam, and on the contemporary
Arab world.
George S. Rentz has been ap
pointed curator of the Midle East
Collection at the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace at Stanford, Director W.
Glenn Campbell announced today.
Rent/, founded the Arabian Re
search and Translation Division
of Aramco and served as its first
head from 1946-54. He also con
tributed to the extensive series of
maps detailing the Arabian Pen
insula prepared by the U.S. Geo
logical Survey under the spon
sorship of the United States and
Saudi Arabian governments from
1962 to 1963.
Chiefly interested in the mod
ern history of the Middle East,
Dr. Rentz plans future work on
the history and geography of
Arabia, on modern movements in
Islam, and on the contemporary
Arab world.
George S. Rentz has been ap
pointed curator of the Midle East
Collection at the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace at Stanford, Director W.
Glenn Campbell announced today.
Rent/, founded the Arabian Re
search and Translation Division
of Aramco and served as its first
head from 1946-54. He also con
tributed to the extensive series of
maps detailing the Arabian Pen
insula prepared by the U.S. Geo
logical Survey under the spon
sorship of the United States and
Saudi Arabian governments from
1962 to 1963.
Chiefly interested in the mod
ern history of the Middle East,
Dr. Rentz plans future work on
the history and geography of
Arabia, on modern movements in
Islam, and on the contemporary
Arab world.
George S. Rentz has been ap
pointed curator of the Midle East
Collection at the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace at Stanford, Director W.
Glenn Campbell announced today.
Rent/, founded the Arabian Re
search and Translation Division
of Aramco and served as its first
head from 1946-54. He also con
tributed to the extensive series of
maps detailing the Arabian Pen
insula prepared by the U.S. Geo
logical Survey under the spon
sorship of the United States and
Saudi Arabian governments from
1962 to 1963.
Chiefly interested in the mod
ern history of the Middle East,
Dr. Rentz plans future work on
the history and geography of
Arabia, on modern movements in
Islam, and on the contemporary
Arab world.
George S. Rentz has been ap
pointed curator of the Midle East
Collection at the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace at Stanford, Director W.
Glenn Campbell announced today.
Rent/, founded the Arabian Re
search and Translation Division
of Aramco and served as its first
head from 1946-54. He also con
tributed to the extensive series of
maps detailing the Arabian Pen
insula prepared by the U.S. Geo
logical Survey under the spon
sorship of the United States and
Saudi Arabian governments from
1962 to 1963.
Chiefly interested in the mod
ern history of the Middle East,
Dr. Rentz plans future work on
the history and geography of
Arabia, on modern movements in
Islam, and on the contemporary
Arab world.
George S. Rentz has been ap
pointed curator of the Midle East
Collection at the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace at Stanford, Director W.
Glenn Campbell announced today.
Rent/, founded the Arabian Re
search and Translation Division
of Aramco and served as its first
head from 1946-54. He also con
tributed to the extensive series of
maps detailing the Arabian Pen
insula prepared by the U.S. Geo
logical Survey under the spon
sorship of the United States and
Saudi Arabian governments from
1962 to 1963.
Chiefly interested in the mod
ern history of the Middle East,
Dr. Rentz plans future work on
the history and geography of
Arabia, on modern movements in
Islam, and on the contemporary
Arab world.
George S. Rentz has been ap
pointed curator of the Midle East
Collection at the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace at Stanford, Director W.
Glenn Campbell announced today.
Rent/, founded the Arabian Re
search and Translation Division
of Aramco and served as its first
head from 1946-54. He also con
tributed to the extensive series of
maps detailing the Arabian Pen
insula prepared by the U.S. Geo
logical Survey under the spon
sorship of the United States and
Saudi Arabian governments from
1962 to 1963.
Chiefly interested in the mod
ern history of the Middle East,
Dr. Rentz plans future work on
the history and geography of
Arabia, on modern movements in
Islam, and on the contemporary
Arab world.
George S. Rentz has been ap
pointed curator of the Midle East
Collection at the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace at Stanford, Director W.
Glenn Campbell announced today.
Rent/, founded the Arabian Re
search and Translation Division
of Aramco and served as its first
head from 1946-54. He also con
tributed to the extensive series of
maps detailing the Arabian Pen
insula prepared by the U.S. Geo
logical Survey under the spon
sorship of the United States and
Saudi Arabian governments from
1962 to 1963.
Chiefly interested in the mod
ern history of the Middle East,
Dr. Rentz plans future work on
the history and geography of
Arabia, on modern movements in
Islam, and on the contemporary
Arab world.
George S. Rentz has been ap
pointed curator of the Midle East
Collection at the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace at Stanford, Director W.
Glenn Campbell announced today.
Rent/, founded the Arabian Re
search and Translation Division
of Aramco and served as its first
head from 1946-54. He also con
tributed to the extensive series of
maps detailing the Arabian Pen
insula prepared by the U.S. Geo
logical Survey under the spon
sorship of the United States and
Saudi Arabian governments from
1962 to 1963.
Chiefly interested in the mod
ern history of the Middle East,
Dr. Rentz plans future work on
the history and geography of
Arabia, on modern movements in
Islam, and on the contemporary
Arab world.
George S. Rentz has been ap
pointed curator of the Midle East
Collection at the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace at Stanford, Director W.
Glenn Campbell announced today.
Rent/, founded the Arabian Re
search and Translation Division
of Aramco and served as its first
head from 1946-54. He also con
tributed to the extensive series of
maps detailing the Arabian Pen
insula prepared by the U.S. Geo
logical Survey under the spon
sorship of the United States and
Saudi Arabian governments from
1962 to 1963.
Chiefly interested in the mod
ern history of the Middle East,
Dr. Rentz plans future work on
the history and geography of
Arabia, on modern movements in
Islam, and on the contemporary
Arab world.
George S. Rentz has been ap
pointed curator of the Midle East
Collection at the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace at Stanford, Director W.
Glenn Campbell announced today.
Rent/, founded the Arabian Re
search and Translation Division
of Aramco and served as its first
head from 1946-54. He also con
tributed to the extensive series of
maps detailing the Arabian Pen
insula prepared by the U.S. Geo
logical Survey under the spon
sorship of the United States and
Saudi Arabian governments from
1962 to 1963.
Chiefly interested in the mod
ern history of the Middle East,
Dr. Rentz plans future work on
the history and geography of
Arabia, on modern movements in
Islam, and on the contemporary
Arab world.
George S. Rentz has been ap
pointed curator of the Midle East
Collection at the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace at Stanford, Director W.
Glenn Campbell announced today.
Rent/, founded the Arabian Re
search and Translation Division
of Aramco and served as its first
head from 1946-54. He also con
tributed to the extensive series of
maps detailing the Arabian Pen
insula prepared by the U.S. Geo
logical Survey under the spon
sorship of the United States and
Saudi Arabian governments from
1962 to 1963.
Chiefly interested in the mod
ern history of the Middle East,
Dr. Rentz plans future work on
the history and geography of
Arabia, on modern movements in
Islam, and on the contemporary
Arab world.
George S. Rentz has been ap
pointed curator of the Midle East
Collection at the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace at Stanford, Director W.
Glenn Campbell announced today.
Rent/, founded the Arabian Re
search and Translation Division
of Aramco and served as its first
head from 1946-54. He also con
tributed to the extensive series of
maps detailing the Arabian Pen
insula prepared by the U.S. Geo
logical Survey under the spon
sorship of the United States and
Saudi Arabian governments from
1962 to 1963.
Chiefly interested in the mod
ern history of the Middle East,
Dr. Rentz plans future work on
the history and geography of
Arabia, on modern movements in
Islam, and on the contemporary
Arab world.
George S. Rentz has been ap
pointed curator of the Midle East
Collection at the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace at Stanford, Director W.
Glenn Campbell announced today.
Rent/, founded the Arabian Re
search and Translation Division
of Aramco and served as its first
head from 1946-54. He also con
tributed to the extensive series of
maps detailing the Arabian Pen
insula prepared by the U.S. Geo
logical Survey under the spon
sorship of the United States and
Saudi Arabian governments from
1962 to 1963.
Chiefly interested in the mod
ern history of the Middle East,
Dr. Rentz plans future work on
the history and geography of
Arabia, on modern movements in
Islam, and on the contemporary
Arab world.
