# STANFORD MAN HURT IN NEVADA AUTO CRASH
## 
### 
Tom Richardson Cooper, *31, wsis in
jured on Monday when the car he was
driving struck a. bridge on the road
between Reno and Truckee. Other
occupants of the car were Miss Peggy
Johnson, 11), who was killed and Dan
McKnight, who is believed to be fa
tally injured.
Cooper and other victims of the ac
cident are from Reno, Nevada. He is
registered in the Economics Depart
ment and affiliated with the Zeta Psi
fraternity.
Tom Richardson Cooper, *31, wsis in
jured on Monday when the car he was
driving struck a. bridge on the road
between Reno and Truckee. Other
occupants of the car were Miss Peggy
Johnson, 11), who was killed and Dan
McKnight, who is believed to be fa
tally injured.
Cooper and other victims of the ac
cident are from Reno, Nevada. He is
registered in the Economics Depart
ment and affiliated with the Zeta Psi
fraternity.
Tom Richardson Cooper, *31, wsis in
jured on Monday when the car he was
driving struck a. bridge on the road
between Reno and Truckee. Other
occupants of the car were Miss Peggy
Johnson, 11), who was killed and Dan
McKnight, who is believed to be fa
tally injured.
Cooper and other victims of the ac
cident are from Reno, Nevada. He is
registered in the Economics Depart
ment and affiliated with the Zeta Psi
fraternity.
Tom Richardson Cooper, *31, wsis in
jured on Monday when the car he was
driving struck a. bridge on the road
between Reno and Truckee. Other
occupants of the car were Miss Peggy
Johnson, 11), who was killed and Dan
McKnight, who is believed to be fa
tally injured.
Cooper and other victims of the ac
cident are from Reno, Nevada. He is
registered in the Economics Depart
ment and affiliated with the Zeta Psi
fraternity.
Tom Richardson Cooper, *31, wsis in
jured on Monday when the car he was
driving struck a. bridge on the road
between Reno and Truckee. Other
occupants of the car were Miss Peggy
Johnson, 11), who was killed and Dan
McKnight, who is believed to be fa
tally injured.
Cooper and other victims of the ac
cident are from Reno, Nevada. He is
registered in the Economics Depart
ment and affiliated with the Zeta Psi
fraternity.
Tom Richardson Cooper, *31, wsis in
jured on Monday when the car he was
driving struck a. bridge on the road
between Reno and Truckee. Other
occupants of the car were Miss Peggy
Johnson, 11), who was killed and Dan
McKnight, who is believed to be fa
tally injured.
Cooper and other victims of the ac
cident are from Reno, Nevada. He is
registered in the Economics Depart
ment and affiliated with the Zeta Psi
fraternity.
Tom Richardson Cooper, *31, wsis in
jured on Monday when the car he was
driving struck a. bridge on the road
between Reno and Truckee. Other
occupants of the car were Miss Peggy
Johnson, 11), who was killed and Dan
McKnight, who is believed to be fa
tally injured.
Cooper and other victims of the ac
cident are from Reno, Nevada. He is
registered in the Economics Depart
ment and affiliated with the Zeta Psi
fraternity.
Tom Richardson Cooper, *31, wsis in
jured on Monday when the car he was
driving struck a. bridge on the road
between Reno and Truckee. Other
occupants of the car were Miss Peggy
Johnson, 11), who was killed and Dan
McKnight, who is believed to be fa
tally injured.
Cooper and other victims of the ac
cident are from Reno, Nevada. He is
registered in the Economics Depart
ment and affiliated with the Zeta Psi
fraternity.
Tom Richardson Cooper, *31, wsis in
jured on Monday when the car he was
driving struck a. bridge on the road
between Reno and Truckee. Other
occupants of the car were Miss Peggy
Johnson, 11), who was killed and Dan
McKnight, who is believed to be fa
tally injured.
Cooper and other victims of the ac
cident are from Reno, Nevada. He is
registered in the Economics Depart
ment and affiliated with the Zeta Psi
fraternity.
Tom Richardson Cooper, *31, wsis in
jured on Monday when the car he was
driving struck a. bridge on the road
between Reno and Truckee. Other
occupants of the car were Miss Peggy
Johnson, 11), who was killed and Dan
McKnight, who is believed to be fa
tally injured.
Cooper and other victims of the ac
cident are from Reno, Nevada. He is
registered in the Economics Depart
ment and affiliated with the Zeta Psi
fraternity.
Tom Richardson Cooper, *31, wsis in
jured on Monday when the car he was
driving struck a. bridge on the road
between Reno and Truckee. Other
occupants of the car were Miss Peggy
Johnson, 11), who was killed and Dan
McKnight, who is believed to be fa
tally injured.
Cooper and other victims of the ac
cident are from Reno, Nevada. He is
registered in the Economics Depart
ment and affiliated with the Zeta Psi
fraternity.
Tom Richardson Cooper, *31, wsis in
jured on Monday when the car he was
driving struck a. bridge on the road
between Reno and Truckee. Other
occupants of the car were Miss Peggy
Johnson, 11), who was killed and Dan
McKnight, who is believed to be fa
tally injured.
Cooper and other victims of the ac
cident are from Reno, Nevada. He is
registered in the Economics Depart
ment and affiliated with the Zeta Psi
fraternity.
Tom Richardson Cooper, *31, wsis in
jured on Monday when the car he was
driving struck a. bridge on the road
between Reno and Truckee. Other
occupants of the car were Miss Peggy
Johnson, 11), who was killed and Dan
McKnight, who is believed to be fa
tally injured.
Cooper and other victims of the ac
cident are from Reno, Nevada. He is
registered in the Economics Depart
ment and affiliated with the Zeta Psi
fraternity.
Tom Richardson Cooper, *31, wsis in
jured on Monday when the car he was
driving struck a. bridge on the road
between Reno and Truckee. Other
occupants of the car were Miss Peggy
Johnson, 11), who was killed and Dan
McKnight, who is believed to be fa
tally injured.
Cooper and other victims of the ac
cident are from Reno, Nevada. He is
registered in the Economics Depart
ment and affiliated with the Zeta Psi
fraternity.
