# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
SALE!
DATE DRESSES
AND FORMALS
$20.00 to $45.00
originally $29.95 to $69.95
One of a-kind short and long
length dresses for your early
dates. White and colors.
tl&UMtj WMj
271 University
SALE!
DATE DRESSES
AND FORMALS
$20.00 to $45.00
originally $29.95 to $69.95
One of a-kind short and long
length dresses for your early
dates. White and colors.
tl&UMtj WMj
271 University
SALE!
DATE DRESSES
AND FORMALS
$20.00 to $45.00
originally $29.95 to $69.95
One of a-kind short and long
length dresses for your early
dates. White and colors.
tl&UMtj WMj
271 University
SALE!
DATE DRESSES
AND FORMALS
$20.00 to $45.00
originally $29.95 to $69.95
One of a-kind short and long
length dresses for your early
dates. White and colors.
tl&UMtj WMj
271 University
SALE!
DATE DRESSES
AND FORMALS
$20.00 to $45.00
originally $29.95 to $69.95
One of a-kind short and long
length dresses for your early
dates. White and colors.
tl&UMtj WMj
271 University
SALE!
DATE DRESSES
AND FORMALS
$20.00 to $45.00
originally $29.95 to $69.95
One of a-kind short and long
length dresses for your early
dates. White and colors.
tl&UMtj WMj
271 University
SALE!
DATE DRESSES
AND FORMALS
$20.00 to $45.00
originally $29.95 to $69.95
One of a-kind short and long
length dresses for your early
dates. White and colors.
tl&UMtj WMj
271 University
SALE!
DATE DRESSES
AND FORMALS
$20.00 to $45.00
originally $29.95 to $69.95
One of a-kind short and long
length dresses for your early
dates. White and colors.
tl&UMtj WMj
271 University
SALE!
DATE DRESSES
AND FORMALS
$20.00 to $45.00
originally $29.95 to $69.95
One of a-kind short and long
length dresses for your early
dates. White and colors.
tl&UMtj WMj
271 University
SALE!
DATE DRESSES
AND FORMALS
$20.00 to $45.00
originally $29.95 to $69.95
One of a-kind short and long
length dresses for your early
dates. White and colors.
tl&UMtj WMj
271 University
SALE!
DATE DRESSES
AND FORMALS
$20.00 to $45.00
originally $29.95 to $69.95
One of a-kind short and long
length dresses for your early
dates. White and colors.
tl&UMtj WMj
271 University
SALE!
DATE DRESSES
AND FORMALS
$20.00 to $45.00
originally $29.95 to $69.95
One of a-kind short and long
length dresses for your early
dates. White and colors.
tl&UMtj WMj
271 University
SALE!
DATE DRESSES
AND FORMALS
$20.00 to $45.00
originally $29.95 to $69.95
One of a-kind short and long
length dresses for your early
dates. White and colors.
tl&UMtj WMj
271 University
SALE!
DATE DRESSES
AND FORMALS
$20.00 to $45.00
originally $29.95 to $69.95
One of a-kind short and long
length dresses for your early
dates. White and colors.
tl&UMtj WMj
271 University
SALE!
DATE DRESSES
AND FORMALS
$20.00 to $45.00
originally $29.95 to $69.95
One of a-kind short and long
length dresses for your early
dates. White and colors.
tl&UMtj WMj
271 University
