# Downpour Raises Season's Total
## 
### 
Three-tenths inch of rainfall was
recorded by the Corporation Yard
during yesterday morning's short
hut intense downpour, with fresh
showers shortly after 2:30 p.m. un
recorded.
'I he seasonal total to 2 p.m. was
15..'18 inches, compared to 7..%
inches at this time last year, and
13.47 inches for the whole year.
Three-tenths inch of rainfall was
recorded by the Corporation Yard
during yesterday morning's short
hut intense downpour, with fresh
showers shortly after 2:30 p.m. un
recorded.
'I he seasonal total to 2 p.m. was
15..'18 inches, compared to 7..%
inches at this time last year, and
13.47 inches for the whole year.
Three-tenths inch of rainfall was
recorded by the Corporation Yard
during yesterday morning's short
hut intense downpour, with fresh
showers shortly after 2:30 p.m. un
recorded.
'I he seasonal total to 2 p.m. was
15..'18 inches, compared to 7..%
inches at this time last year, and
13.47 inches for the whole year.
Three-tenths inch of rainfall was
recorded by the Corporation Yard
during yesterday morning's short
hut intense downpour, with fresh
showers shortly after 2:30 p.m. un
recorded.
'I he seasonal total to 2 p.m. was
15..'18 inches, compared to 7..%
inches at this time last year, and
13.47 inches for the whole year.
Three-tenths inch of rainfall was
recorded by the Corporation Yard
during yesterday morning's short
hut intense downpour, with fresh
showers shortly after 2:30 p.m. un
recorded.
'I he seasonal total to 2 p.m. was
15..'18 inches, compared to 7..%
inches at this time last year, and
13.47 inches for the whole year.
Three-tenths inch of rainfall was
recorded by the Corporation Yard
during yesterday morning's short
hut intense downpour, with fresh
showers shortly after 2:30 p.m. un
recorded.
'I he seasonal total to 2 p.m. was
15..'18 inches, compared to 7..%
inches at this time last year, and
13.47 inches for the whole year.
Three-tenths inch of rainfall was
recorded by the Corporation Yard
during yesterday morning's short
hut intense downpour, with fresh
showers shortly after 2:30 p.m. un
recorded.
'I he seasonal total to 2 p.m. was
15..'18 inches, compared to 7..%
inches at this time last year, and
13.47 inches for the whole year.
Three-tenths inch of rainfall was
recorded by the Corporation Yard
during yesterday morning's short
hut intense downpour, with fresh
showers shortly after 2:30 p.m. un
recorded.
'I he seasonal total to 2 p.m. was
15..'18 inches, compared to 7..%
inches at this time last year, and
13.47 inches for the whole year.
Three-tenths inch of rainfall was
recorded by the Corporation Yard
during yesterday morning's short
hut intense downpour, with fresh
showers shortly after 2:30 p.m. un
recorded.
'I he seasonal total to 2 p.m. was
15..'18 inches, compared to 7..%
inches at this time last year, and
13.47 inches for the whole year.
Three-tenths inch of rainfall was
recorded by the Corporation Yard
during yesterday morning's short
hut intense downpour, with fresh
showers shortly after 2:30 p.m. un
recorded.
'I he seasonal total to 2 p.m. was
15..'18 inches, compared to 7..%
inches at this time last year, and
13.47 inches for the whole year.
Three-tenths inch of rainfall was
recorded by the Corporation Yard
during yesterday morning's short
hut intense downpour, with fresh
showers shortly after 2:30 p.m. un
recorded.
'I he seasonal total to 2 p.m. was
15..'18 inches, compared to 7..%
inches at this time last year, and
13.47 inches for the whole year.
Three-tenths inch of rainfall was
recorded by the Corporation Yard
during yesterday morning's short
hut intense downpour, with fresh
showers shortly after 2:30 p.m. un
recorded.
'I he seasonal total to 2 p.m. was
15..'18 inches, compared to 7..%
inches at this time last year, and
13.47 inches for the whole year.
Three-tenths inch of rainfall was
recorded by the Corporation Yard
during yesterday morning's short
hut intense downpour, with fresh
showers shortly after 2:30 p.m. un
recorded.
'I he seasonal total to 2 p.m. was
15..'18 inches, compared to 7..%
inches at this time last year, and
13.47 inches for the whole year.
Three-tenths inch of rainfall was
recorded by the Corporation Yard
during yesterday morning's short
hut intense downpour, with fresh
showers shortly after 2:30 p.m. un
recorded.
'I he seasonal total to 2 p.m. was
15..'18 inches, compared to 7..%
inches at this time last year, and
13.47 inches for the whole year.
Three-tenths inch of rainfall was
recorded by the Corporation Yard
during yesterday morning's short
hut intense downpour, with fresh
showers shortly after 2:30 p.m. un
recorded.
'I he seasonal total to 2 p.m. was
15..'18 inches, compared to 7..%
inches at this time last year, and
13.47 inches for the whole year.
