# QUAD PICTURES
## 
### 
Pictures of Roble and Ventura
women will be taken by the Quad in
the Shack today from 10 a.m. to 12
noon and from 1 to ii p.m. Women
must wear white blouses and bring
$1.
Pictures of Roble and Ventura
women will be taken by the Quad in
the Shack today from 10 a.m. to 12
noon and from 1 to ii p.m. Women
must wear white blouses and bring
$1.
Pictures of Roble and Ventura
women will be taken by the Quad in
the Shack today from 10 a.m. to 12
noon and from 1 to ii p.m. Women
must wear white blouses and bring
$1.
Pictures of Roble and Ventura
women will be taken by the Quad in
the Shack today from 10 a.m. to 12
noon and from 1 to ii p.m. Women
must wear white blouses and bring
$1.
Pictures of Roble and Ventura
women will be taken by the Quad in
the Shack today from 10 a.m. to 12
noon and from 1 to ii p.m. Women
must wear white blouses and bring
$1.
Pictures of Roble and Ventura
women will be taken by the Quad in
the Shack today from 10 a.m. to 12
noon and from 1 to ii p.m. Women
must wear white blouses and bring
$1.
Pictures of Roble and Ventura
women will be taken by the Quad in
the Shack today from 10 a.m. to 12
noon and from 1 to ii p.m. Women
must wear white blouses and bring
$1.
Pictures of Roble and Ventura
women will be taken by the Quad in
the Shack today from 10 a.m. to 12
noon and from 1 to ii p.m. Women
must wear white blouses and bring
$1.
Pictures of Roble and Ventura
women will be taken by the Quad in
the Shack today from 10 a.m. to 12
noon and from 1 to ii p.m. Women
must wear white blouses and bring
$1.
Pictures of Roble and Ventura
women will be taken by the Quad in
the Shack today from 10 a.m. to 12
noon and from 1 to ii p.m. Women
must wear white blouses and bring
$1.
Pictures of Roble and Ventura
women will be taken by the Quad in
the Shack today from 10 a.m. to 12
noon and from 1 to ii p.m. Women
must wear white blouses and bring
$1.
Pictures of Roble and Ventura
women will be taken by the Quad in
the Shack today from 10 a.m. to 12
noon and from 1 to ii p.m. Women
must wear white blouses and bring
$1.
Pictures of Roble and Ventura
women will be taken by the Quad in
the Shack today from 10 a.m. to 12
noon and from 1 to ii p.m. Women
must wear white blouses and bring
$1.
Pictures of Roble and Ventura
women will be taken by the Quad in
the Shack today from 10 a.m. to 12
noon and from 1 to ii p.m. Women
must wear white blouses and bring
$1.
Pictures of Roble and Ventura
women will be taken by the Quad in
the Shack today from 10 a.m. to 12
noon and from 1 to ii p.m. Women
must wear white blouses and bring
$1.
