# College Heads To Meet Here
## 
### 
Representatives from 40 institu
tions will assemble here Thursday to
discuss the problem of how effec
tively the far-western colleges are
adjusting their programs and facili
ties to the nation's war effort.
This will be the first time the col
lege representatives have been able
to meet since Pearl Harbor. The
meeting will be under the sponsor
ship of the Ninth Corps Area Com
mission on College and University
War Problems.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur,
president of the commission, will
open the first session in the Educa
tion Building at 9 Thursday morning.
Problems concerning the drafting
of college youth, the results of the
year-around stepped-up college pro
gram, the relative emphasis on cer
tain phases of the college curricula,
the maintenance of faculties, and
the effective use of university
equipment and facilities in research
and training, are among the topics
which the administrators will con
sider.
