# PERSONAL REFLECTIONS
## 
### 
JF MIKE hasn't had the measles he
won't like them—at least the Paly
Hospital kind. Because when the
hospital says "isolation" they really
mean solitary confinement. I know.
I had the measles three times and
twice in the Paly Hospital. Measles
patients stay alone in a room with
nothing for company except for as
sorted furniture and a big pan of
foul smelling liquid which beats any
thing the three witches in Macbeth
could ever stir up. The noxious brew
is ever present. The nurses and doc
tors even wash in it. They say it
kills germs, but nothing smelling
that bad could kill a germ—unless
germs have noses.
Mike won't see many people dur
ing his sojourn. Nurses at meal and
temperature taking time, nurses at
back rub and getting-put-to-bed
time, and maybe, if he's lucky, the
doctor once a day. The only pre
scription or cure for measles is tem
perature taking and washing. One is
always either chewing on the ther
mometer or getting washed. And if
you're not too fresh they may give
you mid-morning and afternoon
nourishment.
JF MIKE hasn't had the measles he
won't like them—at least the Paly
Hospital kind. Because when the
hospital says "isolation" they really
mean solitary confinement. I know.
I had the measles three times and
twice in the Paly Hospital. Measles
patients stay alone in a room with
nothing for company except for as
sorted furniture and a big pan of
foul smelling liquid which beats any
thing the three witches in Macbeth
could ever stir up. The noxious brew
is ever present. The nurses and doc
tors even wash in it. They say it
kills germs, but nothing smelling
that bad could kill a germ—unless
germs have noses.
Mike won't see many people dur
ing his sojourn. Nurses at meal and
temperature taking time, nurses at
back rub and getting-put-to-bed
time, and maybe, if he's lucky, the
doctor once a day. The only pre
scription or cure for measles is tem
perature taking and washing. One is
always either chewing on the ther
mometer or getting washed. And if
you're not too fresh they may give
you mid-morning and afternoon
nourishment.
JF MIKE hasn't had the measles he
won't like them—at least the Paly
Hospital kind. Because when the
hospital says "isolation" they really
mean solitary confinement. I know.
I had the measles three times and
twice in the Paly Hospital. Measles
patients stay alone in a room with
nothing for company except for as
sorted furniture and a big pan of
foul smelling liquid which beats any
thing the three witches in Macbeth
could ever stir up. The noxious brew
is ever present. The nurses and doc
tors even wash in it. They say it
kills germs, but nothing smelling
that bad could kill a germ—unless
germs have noses.
Mike won't see many people dur
ing his sojourn. Nurses at meal and
temperature taking time, nurses at
back rub and getting-put-to-bed
time, and maybe, if he's lucky, the
doctor once a day. The only pre
scription or cure for measles is tem
perature taking and washing. One is
always either chewing on the ther
mometer or getting washed. And if
you're not too fresh they may give
you mid-morning and afternoon
nourishment.
JF MIKE hasn't had the measles he
won't like them—at least the Paly
Hospital kind. Because when the
hospital says "isolation" they really
mean solitary confinement. I know.
I had the measles three times and
twice in the Paly Hospital. Measles
patients stay alone in a room with
nothing for company except for as
sorted furniture and a big pan of
foul smelling liquid which beats any
thing the three witches in Macbeth
could ever stir up. The noxious brew
is ever present. The nurses and doc
tors even wash in it. They say it
kills germs, but nothing smelling
that bad could kill a germ—unless
germs have noses.
Mike won't see many people dur
ing his sojourn. Nurses at meal and
temperature taking time, nurses at
back rub and getting-put-to-bed
time, and maybe, if he's lucky, the
doctor once a day. The only pre
scription or cure for measles is tem
perature taking and washing. One is
always either chewing on the ther
mometer or getting washed. And if
you're not too fresh they may give
you mid-morning and afternoon
nourishment.
JF MIKE hasn't had the measles he
won't like them—at least the Paly
Hospital kind. Because when the
hospital says "isolation" they really
mean solitary confinement. I know.
I had the measles three times and
twice in the Paly Hospital. Measles
patients stay alone in a room with
nothing for company except for as
sorted furniture and a big pan of
foul smelling liquid which beats any
thing the three witches in Macbeth
could ever stir up. The noxious brew
is ever present. The nurses and doc
tors even wash in it. They say it
kills germs, but nothing smelling
that bad could kill a germ—unless
germs have noses.
Mike won't see many people dur
ing his sojourn. Nurses at meal and
temperature taking time, nurses at
back rub and getting-put-to-bed
time, and maybe, if he's lucky, the
doctor once a day. The only pre
scription or cure for measles is tem
perature taking and washing. One is
always either chewing on the ther
mometer or getting washed. And if
you're not too fresh they may give
you mid-morning and afternoon
nourishment.
JF MIKE hasn't had the measles he
won't like them—at least the Paly
Hospital kind. Because when the
hospital says "isolation" they really
mean solitary confinement. I know.
I had the measles three times and
twice in the Paly Hospital. Measles
patients stay alone in a room with
nothing for company except for as
sorted furniture and a big pan of
foul smelling liquid which beats any
thing the three witches in Macbeth
could ever stir up. The noxious brew
is ever present. The nurses and doc
tors even wash in it. They say it
kills germs, but nothing smelling
that bad could kill a germ—unless
germs have noses.
Mike won't see many people dur
ing his sojourn. Nurses at meal and
temperature taking time, nurses at
back rub and getting-put-to-bed
time, and maybe, if he's lucky, the
doctor once a day. The only pre
scription or cure for measles is tem
perature taking and washing. One is
always either chewing on the ther
mometer or getting washed. And if
you're not too fresh they may give
you mid-morning and afternoon
nourishment.
JF MIKE hasn't had the measles he
won't like them—at least the Paly
Hospital kind. Because when the
hospital says "isolation" they really
mean solitary confinement. I know.
I had the measles three times and
twice in the Paly Hospital. Measles
patients stay alone in a room with
nothing for company except for as
sorted furniture and a big pan of
foul smelling liquid which beats any
thing the three witches in Macbeth
could ever stir up. The noxious brew
is ever present. The nurses and doc
tors even wash in it. They say it
kills germs, but nothing smelling
that bad could kill a germ—unless
germs have noses.
Mike won't see many people dur
ing his sojourn. Nurses at meal and
temperature taking time, nurses at
back rub and getting-put-to-bed
time, and maybe, if he's lucky, the
doctor once a day. The only pre
scription or cure for measles is tem
perature taking and washing. One is
always either chewing on the ther
mometer or getting washed. And if
you're not too fresh they may give
you mid-morning and afternoon
nourishment.
JF MIKE hasn't had the measles he
won't like them—at least the Paly
Hospital kind. Because when the
hospital says "isolation" they really
mean solitary confinement. I know.
I had the measles three times and
twice in the Paly Hospital. Measles
patients stay alone in a room with
nothing for company except for as
sorted furniture and a big pan of
foul smelling liquid which beats any
thing the three witches in Macbeth
could ever stir up. The noxious brew
is ever present. The nurses and doc
tors even wash in it. They say it
kills germs, but nothing smelling
that bad could kill a germ—unless
germs have noses.
Mike won't see many people dur
ing his sojourn. Nurses at meal and
temperature taking time, nurses at
back rub and getting-put-to-bed
time, and maybe, if he's lucky, the
doctor once a day. The only pre
scription or cure for measles is tem
perature taking and washing. One is
always either chewing on the ther
mometer or getting washed. And if
you're not too fresh they may give
you mid-morning and afternoon
nourishment.
JF MIKE hasn't had the measles he
won't like them—at least the Paly
Hospital kind. Because when the
hospital says "isolation" they really
mean solitary confinement. I know.
I had the measles three times and
twice in the Paly Hospital. Measles
patients stay alone in a room with
nothing for company except for as
sorted furniture and a big pan of
foul smelling liquid which beats any
thing the three witches in Macbeth
could ever stir up. The noxious brew
is ever present. The nurses and doc
tors even wash in it. They say it
kills germs, but nothing smelling
that bad could kill a germ—unless
germs have noses.
Mike won't see many people dur
ing his sojourn. Nurses at meal and
temperature taking time, nurses at
back rub and getting-put-to-bed
time, and maybe, if he's lucky, the
doctor once a day. The only pre
scription or cure for measles is tem
perature taking and washing. One is
always either chewing on the ther
mometer or getting washed. And if
you're not too fresh they may give
you mid-morning and afternoon
nourishment.
JF MIKE hasn't had the measles he
won't like them—at least the Paly
Hospital kind. Because when the
hospital says "isolation" they really
mean solitary confinement. I know.
I had the measles three times and
twice in the Paly Hospital. Measles
patients stay alone in a room with
nothing for company except for as
sorted furniture and a big pan of
foul smelling liquid which beats any
thing the three witches in Macbeth
could ever stir up. The noxious brew
is ever present. The nurses and doc
tors even wash in it. They say it
kills germs, but nothing smelling
that bad could kill a germ—unless
germs have noses.
Mike won't see many people dur
ing his sojourn. Nurses at meal and
temperature taking time, nurses at
back rub and getting-put-to-bed
time, and maybe, if he's lucky, the
doctor once a day. The only pre
scription or cure for measles is tem
perature taking and washing. One is
always either chewing on the ther
mometer or getting washed. And if
you're not too fresh they may give
you mid-morning and afternoon
nourishment.
JF MIKE hasn't had the measles he
won't like them—at least the Paly
Hospital kind. Because when the
hospital says "isolation" they really
mean solitary confinement. I know.
I had the measles three times and
twice in the Paly Hospital. Measles
patients stay alone in a room with
nothing for company except for as
sorted furniture and a big pan of
foul smelling liquid which beats any
thing the three witches in Macbeth
could ever stir up. The noxious brew
is ever present. The nurses and doc
tors even wash in it. They say it
kills germs, but nothing smelling
that bad could kill a germ—unless
germs have noses.
Mike won't see many people dur
ing his sojourn. Nurses at meal and
temperature taking time, nurses at
back rub and getting-put-to-bed
time, and maybe, if he's lucky, the
doctor once a day. The only pre
scription or cure for measles is tem
perature taking and washing. One is
always either chewing on the ther
mometer or getting washed. And if
you're not too fresh they may give
you mid-morning and afternoon
nourishment.
JF MIKE hasn't had the measles he
won't like them—at least the Paly
Hospital kind. Because when the
hospital says "isolation" they really
mean solitary confinement. I know.
I had the measles three times and
twice in the Paly Hospital. Measles
patients stay alone in a room with
nothing for company except for as
sorted furniture and a big pan of
foul smelling liquid which beats any
thing the three witches in Macbeth
could ever stir up. The noxious brew
is ever present. The nurses and doc
tors even wash in it. They say it
kills germs, but nothing smelling
that bad could kill a germ—unless
germs have noses.
Mike won't see many people dur
ing his sojourn. Nurses at meal and
temperature taking time, nurses at
back rub and getting-put-to-bed
time, and maybe, if he's lucky, the
doctor once a day. The only pre
scription or cure for measles is tem
perature taking and washing. One is
always either chewing on the ther
mometer or getting washed. And if
you're not too fresh they may give
you mid-morning and afternoon
nourishment.
JF MIKE hasn't had the measles he
won't like them—at least the Paly
Hospital kind. Because when the
hospital says "isolation" they really
mean solitary confinement. I know.
I had the measles three times and
twice in the Paly Hospital. Measles
patients stay alone in a room with
nothing for company except for as
sorted furniture and a big pan of
foul smelling liquid which beats any
thing the three witches in Macbeth
could ever stir up. The noxious brew
is ever present. The nurses and doc
tors even wash in it. They say it
kills germs, but nothing smelling
that bad could kill a germ—unless
germs have noses.
Mike won't see many people dur
ing his sojourn. Nurses at meal and
temperature taking time, nurses at
back rub and getting-put-to-bed
time, and maybe, if he's lucky, the
doctor once a day. The only pre
scription or cure for measles is tem
perature taking and washing. One is
always either chewing on the ther
mometer or getting washed. And if
you're not too fresh they may give
you mid-morning and afternoon
nourishment.
JF MIKE hasn't had the measles he
won't like them—at least the Paly
Hospital kind. Because when the
hospital says "isolation" they really
mean solitary confinement. I know.
I had the measles three times and
twice in the Paly Hospital. Measles
patients stay alone in a room with
nothing for company except for as
sorted furniture and a big pan of
foul smelling liquid which beats any
thing the three witches in Macbeth
could ever stir up. The noxious brew
is ever present. The nurses and doc
tors even wash in it. They say it
kills germs, but nothing smelling
that bad could kill a germ—unless
germs have noses.
Mike won't see many people dur
ing his sojourn. Nurses at meal and
temperature taking time, nurses at
back rub and getting-put-to-bed
time, and maybe, if he's lucky, the
doctor once a day. The only pre
scription or cure for measles is tem
perature taking and washing. One is
always either chewing on the ther
mometer or getting washed. And if
you're not too fresh they may give
you mid-morning and afternoon
nourishment.
JF MIKE hasn't had the measles he
won't like them—at least the Paly
Hospital kind. Because when the
hospital says "isolation" they really
mean solitary confinement. I know.
I had the measles three times and
twice in the Paly Hospital. Measles
patients stay alone in a room with
nothing for company except for as
sorted furniture and a big pan of
foul smelling liquid which beats any
thing the three witches in Macbeth
could ever stir up. The noxious brew
is ever present. The nurses and doc
tors even wash in it. They say it
kills germs, but nothing smelling
that bad could kill a germ—unless
germs have noses.
Mike won't see many people dur
ing his sojourn. Nurses at meal and
temperature taking time, nurses at
back rub and getting-put-to-bed
time, and maybe, if he's lucky, the
doctor once a day. The only pre
scription or cure for measles is tem
perature taking and washing. One is
always either chewing on the ther
mometer or getting washed. And if
you're not too fresh they may give
you mid-morning and afternoon
nourishment.
JF MIKE hasn't had the measles he
won't like them—at least the Paly
Hospital kind. Because when the
hospital says "isolation" they really
mean solitary confinement. I know.
I had the measles three times and
twice in the Paly Hospital. Measles
patients stay alone in a room with
nothing for company except for as
sorted furniture and a big pan of
foul smelling liquid which beats any
thing the three witches in Macbeth
could ever stir up. The noxious brew
is ever present. The nurses and doc
tors even wash in it. They say it
kills germs, but nothing smelling
that bad could kill a germ—unless
germs have noses.
Mike won't see many people dur
ing his sojourn. Nurses at meal and
temperature taking time, nurses at
back rub and getting-put-to-bed
time, and maybe, if he's lucky, the
doctor once a day. The only pre
scription or cure for measles is tem
perature taking and washing. One is
always either chewing on the ther
mometer or getting washed. And if
you're not too fresh they may give
you mid-morning and afternoon
nourishment.
JF MIKE hasn't had the measles he
won't like them—at least the Paly
Hospital kind. Because when the
hospital says "isolation" they really
mean solitary confinement. I know.
I had the measles three times and
twice in the Paly Hospital. Measles
patients stay alone in a room with
nothing for company except for as
sorted furniture and a big pan of
foul smelling liquid which beats any
thing the three witches in Macbeth
could ever stir up. The noxious brew
is ever present. The nurses and doc
tors even wash in it. They say it
kills germs, but nothing smelling
that bad could kill a germ—unless
germs have noses.
Mike won't see many people dur
ing his sojourn. Nurses at meal and
temperature taking time, nurses at
back rub and getting-put-to-bed
time, and maybe, if he's lucky, the
doctor once a day. The only pre
scription or cure for measles is tem
perature taking and washing. One is
always either chewing on the ther
mometer or getting washed. And if
you're not too fresh they may give
you mid-morning and afternoon
nourishment.
