# Adv. 30 Page 5
## 
### 
Celebrate the game and
Republican victory, Sat
urday night, November 5,
9:00 p.m., at the Palm
Court Palace Hotel. The
Young Republicans of
California are footing the
"bill." Dancing, enter
tainment, is all on the
Young C.O.P.'s. Come to
the party. Be a "one" who
shook the hand of Gover
nor Mcrriam. For tickets
see or call Dan Freeley,
Walton Wickctt, Hal Wil
liams.
Celebrate the game and
Republican victory, Sat
urday night, November 5,
9:00 p.m., at the Palm
Court Palace Hotel. The
Young Republicans of
California are footing the
"bill." Dancing, enter
tainment, is all on the
Young C.O.P.'s. Come to
the party. Be a "one" who
shook the hand of Gover
nor Mcrriam. For tickets
see or call Dan Freeley,
Walton Wickctt, Hal Wil
liams.
Celebrate the game and
Republican victory, Sat
urday night, November 5,
9:00 p.m., at the Palm
Court Palace Hotel. The
Young Republicans of
California are footing the
"bill." Dancing, enter
tainment, is all on the
Young C.O.P.'s. Come to
the party. Be a "one" who
shook the hand of Gover
nor Mcrriam. For tickets
see or call Dan Freeley,
Walton Wickctt, Hal Wil
liams.
Celebrate the game and
Republican victory, Sat
urday night, November 5,
9:00 p.m., at the Palm
Court Palace Hotel. The
Young Republicans of
California are footing the
"bill." Dancing, enter
tainment, is all on the
Young C.O.P.'s. Come to
the party. Be a "one" who
shook the hand of Gover
nor Mcrriam. For tickets
see or call Dan Freeley,
Walton Wickctt, Hal Wil
liams.
Celebrate the game and
Republican victory, Sat
urday night, November 5,
9:00 p.m., at the Palm
Court Palace Hotel. The
Young Republicans of
California are footing the
"bill." Dancing, enter
tainment, is all on the
Young C.O.P.'s. Come to
the party. Be a "one" who
shook the hand of Gover
nor Mcrriam. For tickets
see or call Dan Freeley,
Walton Wickctt, Hal Wil
liams.
Celebrate the game and
Republican victory, Sat
urday night, November 5,
9:00 p.m., at the Palm
Court Palace Hotel. The
Young Republicans of
California are footing the
"bill." Dancing, enter
tainment, is all on the
Young C.O.P.'s. Come to
the party. Be a "one" who
shook the hand of Gover
nor Mcrriam. For tickets
see or call Dan Freeley,
Walton Wickctt, Hal Wil
liams.
Celebrate the game and
Republican victory, Sat
urday night, November 5,
9:00 p.m., at the Palm
Court Palace Hotel. The
Young Republicans of
California are footing the
"bill." Dancing, enter
tainment, is all on the
Young C.O.P.'s. Come to
the party. Be a "one" who
shook the hand of Gover
nor Mcrriam. For tickets
see or call Dan Freeley,
Walton Wickctt, Hal Wil
liams.
Celebrate the game and
Republican victory, Sat
urday night, November 5,
9:00 p.m., at the Palm
Court Palace Hotel. The
Young Republicans of
California are footing the
"bill." Dancing, enter
tainment, is all on the
Young C.O.P.'s. Come to
the party. Be a "one" who
shook the hand of Gover
nor Mcrriam. For tickets
see or call Dan Freeley,
Walton Wickctt, Hal Wil
liams.
Celebrate the game and
Republican victory, Sat
urday night, November 5,
9:00 p.m., at the Palm
Court Palace Hotel. The
Young Republicans of
California are footing the
"bill." Dancing, enter
tainment, is all on the
Young C.O.P.'s. Come to
the party. Be a "one" who
shook the hand of Gover
nor Mcrriam. For tickets
see or call Dan Freeley,
Walton Wickctt, Hal Wil
liams.
Celebrate the game and
Republican victory, Sat
urday night, November 5,
9:00 p.m., at the Palm
Court Palace Hotel. The
Young Republicans of
California are footing the
"bill." Dancing, enter
tainment, is all on the
Young C.O.P.'s. Come to
the party. Be a "one" who
shook the hand of Gover
nor Mcrriam. For tickets
see or call Dan Freeley,
Walton Wickctt, Hal Wil
liams.
Celebrate the game and
Republican victory, Sat
urday night, November 5,
9:00 p.m., at the Palm
Court Palace Hotel. The
Young Republicans of
California are footing the
"bill." Dancing, enter
tainment, is all on the
Young C.O.P.'s. Come to
the party. Be a "one" who
shook the hand of Gover
nor Mcrriam. For tickets
see or call Dan Freeley,
Walton Wickctt, Hal Wil
liams.
Celebrate the game and
Republican victory, Sat
urday night, November 5,
9:00 p.m., at the Palm
Court Palace Hotel. The
Young Republicans of
California are footing the
"bill." Dancing, enter
tainment, is all on the
Young C.O.P.'s. Come to
the party. Be a "one" who
shook the hand of Gover
nor Mcrriam. For tickets
see or call Dan Freeley,
Walton Wickctt, Hal Wil
liams.
Celebrate the game and
Republican victory, Sat
urday night, November 5,
9:00 p.m., at the Palm
Court Palace Hotel. The
Young Republicans of
California are footing the
"bill." Dancing, enter
tainment, is all on the
Young C.O.P.'s. Come to
the party. Be a "one" who
shook the hand of Gover
nor Mcrriam. For tickets
see or call Dan Freeley,
Walton Wickctt, Hal Wil
liams.
Celebrate the game and
Republican victory, Sat
urday night, November 5,
9:00 p.m., at the Palm
Court Palace Hotel. The
Young Republicans of
California are footing the
"bill." Dancing, enter
tainment, is all on the
Young C.O.P.'s. Come to
the party. Be a "one" who
shook the hand of Gover
nor Mcrriam. For tickets
see or call Dan Freeley,
Walton Wickctt, Hal Wil
liams.
Celebrate the game and
Republican victory, Sat
urday night, November 5,
9:00 p.m., at the Palm
Court Palace Hotel. The
Young Republicans of
California are footing the
"bill." Dancing, enter
tainment, is all on the
Young C.O.P.'s. Come to
the party. Be a "one" who
shook the hand of Gover
nor Mcrriam. For tickets
see or call Dan Freeley,
Walton Wickctt, Hal Wil
liams.
