# Soap Sculpture Awards Offered
## 
### 
The National Soap Sculpture
Committee is announcing the 15th
annual competition for small sculp
tures in white soap for the Proctor
and Gamble Prizes. Cash prizes to
taling $2000 will be awarded to in
dividuals and a special group prize
of $100 will be awarded to a school
entering the best exhibit of soap
sculpture in which a group has par
ticipated.
All Stanford students interested
may obtain free instructions on how
to carve in soap, and free entry
blanks for the competition by writ
ing to the National Soap Sculpture
Committee, 80 East Eleventh Street,
New York City. Prize winners in
past competitions have been exhib
ited at Rockefeller Center, New
York; the Franklin Institute, Phila
delphia; and R. H. Macy & Com
pany, New York.
The National Soap Sculpture
Committee is announcing the 15th
annual competition for small sculp
tures in white soap for the Proctor
and Gamble Prizes. Cash prizes to
taling $2000 will be awarded to in
dividuals and a special group prize
of $100 will be awarded to a school
entering the best exhibit of soap
sculpture in which a group has par
ticipated.
All Stanford students interested
may obtain free instructions on how
to carve in soap, and free entry
blanks for the competition by writ
ing to the National Soap Sculpture
Committee, 80 East Eleventh Street,
New York City. Prize winners in
past competitions have been exhib
ited at Rockefeller Center, New
York; the Franklin Institute, Phila
delphia; and R. H. Macy & Com
pany, New York.
The National Soap Sculpture
Committee is announcing the 15th
annual competition for small sculp
tures in white soap for the Proctor
and Gamble Prizes. Cash prizes to
taling $2000 will be awarded to in
dividuals and a special group prize
of $100 will be awarded to a school
entering the best exhibit of soap
sculpture in which a group has par
ticipated.
All Stanford students interested
may obtain free instructions on how
to carve in soap, and free entry
blanks for the competition by writ
ing to the National Soap Sculpture
Committee, 80 East Eleventh Street,
New York City. Prize winners in
past competitions have been exhib
ited at Rockefeller Center, New
York; the Franklin Institute, Phila
delphia; and R. H. Macy & Com
pany, New York.
The National Soap Sculpture
Committee is announcing the 15th
annual competition for small sculp
tures in white soap for the Proctor
and Gamble Prizes. Cash prizes to
taling $2000 will be awarded to in
dividuals and a special group prize
of $100 will be awarded to a school
entering the best exhibit of soap
sculpture in which a group has par
ticipated.
All Stanford students interested
may obtain free instructions on how
to carve in soap, and free entry
blanks for the competition by writ
ing to the National Soap Sculpture
Committee, 80 East Eleventh Street,
New York City. Prize winners in
past competitions have been exhib
ited at Rockefeller Center, New
York; the Franklin Institute, Phila
delphia; and R. H. Macy & Com
pany, New York.
The National Soap Sculpture
Committee is announcing the 15th
annual competition for small sculp
tures in white soap for the Proctor
and Gamble Prizes. Cash prizes to
taling $2000 will be awarded to in
dividuals and a special group prize
of $100 will be awarded to a school
entering the best exhibit of soap
sculpture in which a group has par
ticipated.
All Stanford students interested
may obtain free instructions on how
to carve in soap, and free entry
blanks for the competition by writ
ing to the National Soap Sculpture
Committee, 80 East Eleventh Street,
New York City. Prize winners in
past competitions have been exhib
ited at Rockefeller Center, New
York; the Franklin Institute, Phila
delphia; and R. H. Macy & Com
pany, New York.
The National Soap Sculpture
Committee is announcing the 15th
annual competition for small sculp
tures in white soap for the Proctor
and Gamble Prizes. Cash prizes to
taling $2000 will be awarded to in
dividuals and a special group prize
of $100 will be awarded to a school
entering the best exhibit of soap
sculpture in which a group has par
ticipated.
All Stanford students interested
may obtain free instructions on how
to carve in soap, and free entry
blanks for the competition by writ
ing to the National Soap Sculpture
Committee, 80 East Eleventh Street,
New York City. Prize winners in
past competitions have been exhib
ited at Rockefeller Center, New
York; the Franklin Institute, Phila
delphia; and R. H. Macy & Com
pany, New York.
The National Soap Sculpture
Committee is announcing the 15th
annual competition for small sculp
tures in white soap for the Proctor
and Gamble Prizes. Cash prizes to
taling $2000 will be awarded to in
dividuals and a special group prize
of $100 will be awarded to a school
entering the best exhibit of soap
sculpture in which a group has par
ticipated.
All Stanford students interested
may obtain free instructions on how
to carve in soap, and free entry
blanks for the competition by writ
ing to the National Soap Sculpture
Committee, 80 East Eleventh Street,
New York City. Prize winners in
past competitions have been exhib
ited at Rockefeller Center, New
York; the Franklin Institute, Phila
delphia; and R. H. Macy & Com
pany, New York.
The National Soap Sculpture
Committee is announcing the 15th
annual competition for small sculp
tures in white soap for the Proctor
and Gamble Prizes. Cash prizes to
taling $2000 will be awarded to in
dividuals and a special group prize
of $100 will be awarded to a school
entering the best exhibit of soap
sculpture in which a group has par
ticipated.
All Stanford students interested
may obtain free instructions on how
to carve in soap, and free entry
blanks for the competition by writ
ing to the National Soap Sculpture
Committee, 80 East Eleventh Street,
New York City. Prize winners in
past competitions have been exhib
ited at Rockefeller Center, New
York; the Franklin Institute, Phila
delphia; and R. H. Macy & Com
pany, New York.
The National Soap Sculpture
Committee is announcing the 15th
annual competition for small sculp
tures in white soap for the Proctor
and Gamble Prizes. Cash prizes to
taling $2000 will be awarded to in
dividuals and a special group prize
of $100 will be awarded to a school
entering the best exhibit of soap
sculpture in which a group has par
ticipated.
All Stanford students interested
may obtain free instructions on how
to carve in soap, and free entry
blanks for the competition by writ
ing to the National Soap Sculpture
Committee, 80 East Eleventh Street,
New York City. Prize winners in
past competitions have been exhib
ited at Rockefeller Center, New
York; the Franklin Institute, Phila
delphia; and R. H. Macy & Com
pany, New York.
The National Soap Sculpture
Committee is announcing the 15th
annual competition for small sculp
tures in white soap for the Proctor
and Gamble Prizes. Cash prizes to
taling $2000 will be awarded to in
dividuals and a special group prize
of $100 will be awarded to a school
entering the best exhibit of soap
sculpture in which a group has par
ticipated.
All Stanford students interested
may obtain free instructions on how
to carve in soap, and free entry
blanks for the competition by writ
ing to the National Soap Sculpture
Committee, 80 East Eleventh Street,
New York City. Prize winners in
past competitions have been exhib
ited at Rockefeller Center, New
York; the Franklin Institute, Phila
delphia; and R. H. Macy & Com
pany, New York.
The National Soap Sculpture
Committee is announcing the 15th
annual competition for small sculp
tures in white soap for the Proctor
and Gamble Prizes. Cash prizes to
taling $2000 will be awarded to in
dividuals and a special group prize
of $100 will be awarded to a school
entering the best exhibit of soap
sculpture in which a group has par
ticipated.
All Stanford students interested
may obtain free instructions on how
to carve in soap, and free entry
blanks for the competition by writ
ing to the National Soap Sculpture
Committee, 80 East Eleventh Street,
New York City. Prize winners in
past competitions have been exhib
ited at Rockefeller Center, New
York; the Franklin Institute, Phila
delphia; and R. H. Macy & Com
pany, New York.
The National Soap Sculpture
Committee is announcing the 15th
annual competition for small sculp
tures in white soap for the Proctor
and Gamble Prizes. Cash prizes to
taling $2000 will be awarded to in
dividuals and a special group prize
of $100 will be awarded to a school
entering the best exhibit of soap
sculpture in which a group has par
ticipated.
All Stanford students interested
may obtain free instructions on how
to carve in soap, and free entry
blanks for the competition by writ
ing to the National Soap Sculpture
Committee, 80 East Eleventh Street,
New York City. Prize winners in
past competitions have been exhib
ited at Rockefeller Center, New
York; the Franklin Institute, Phila
delphia; and R. H. Macy & Com
pany, New York.
The National Soap Sculpture
Committee is announcing the 15th
annual competition for small sculp
tures in white soap for the Proctor
and Gamble Prizes. Cash prizes to
taling $2000 will be awarded to in
dividuals and a special group prize
of $100 will be awarded to a school
entering the best exhibit of soap
sculpture in which a group has par
ticipated.
All Stanford students interested
may obtain free instructions on how
to carve in soap, and free entry
blanks for the competition by writ
ing to the National Soap Sculpture
Committee, 80 East Eleventh Street,
New York City. Prize winners in
past competitions have been exhib
ited at Rockefeller Center, New
York; the Franklin Institute, Phila
delphia; and R. H. Macy & Com
pany, New York.
The National Soap Sculpture
Committee is announcing the 15th
annual competition for small sculp
tures in white soap for the Proctor
and Gamble Prizes. Cash prizes to
taling $2000 will be awarded to in
dividuals and a special group prize
of $100 will be awarded to a school
entering the best exhibit of soap
sculpture in which a group has par
ticipated.
All Stanford students interested
may obtain free instructions on how
to carve in soap, and free entry
blanks for the competition by writ
ing to the National Soap Sculpture
Committee, 80 East Eleventh Street,
New York City. Prize winners in
past competitions have been exhib
ited at Rockefeller Center, New
York; the Franklin Institute, Phila
delphia; and R. H. Macy & Com
pany, New York.
The National Soap Sculpture
Committee is announcing the 15th
annual competition for small sculp
tures in white soap for the Proctor
and Gamble Prizes. Cash prizes to
taling $2000 will be awarded to in
dividuals and a special group prize
of $100 will be awarded to a school
entering the best exhibit of soap
sculpture in which a group has par
ticipated.
All Stanford students interested
may obtain free instructions on how
to carve in soap, and free entry
blanks for the competition by writ
ing to the National Soap Sculpture
Committee, 80 East Eleventh Street,
New York City. Prize winners in
past competitions have been exhib
ited at Rockefeller Center, New
York; the Franklin Institute, Phila
delphia; and R. H. Macy & Com
pany, New York.
