# TONY MUSTO WINS
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Nov. 2 (UP). —Tony
Musto, 199, Chicago, won a hard
fought 10-round decision over the
veteran Max Marek, 180, Chicago,
tonight.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2 (UP). —Tony
Musto, 199, Chicago, won a hard
fought 10-round decision over the
veteran Max Marek, 180, Chicago,
tonight.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2 (UP). —Tony
Musto, 199, Chicago, won a hard
fought 10-round decision over the
veteran Max Marek, 180, Chicago,
tonight.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2 (UP). —Tony
Musto, 199, Chicago, won a hard
fought 10-round decision over the
veteran Max Marek, 180, Chicago,
tonight.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2 (UP). —Tony
Musto, 199, Chicago, won a hard
fought 10-round decision over the
veteran Max Marek, 180, Chicago,
tonight.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2 (UP). —Tony
Musto, 199, Chicago, won a hard
fought 10-round decision over the
veteran Max Marek, 180, Chicago,
tonight.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2 (UP). —Tony
Musto, 199, Chicago, won a hard
fought 10-round decision over the
veteran Max Marek, 180, Chicago,
tonight.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2 (UP). —Tony
Musto, 199, Chicago, won a hard
fought 10-round decision over the
veteran Max Marek, 180, Chicago,
tonight.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2 (UP). —Tony
Musto, 199, Chicago, won a hard
fought 10-round decision over the
veteran Max Marek, 180, Chicago,
tonight.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2 (UP). —Tony
Musto, 199, Chicago, won a hard
fought 10-round decision over the
veteran Max Marek, 180, Chicago,
tonight.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2 (UP). —Tony
Musto, 199, Chicago, won a hard
fought 10-round decision over the
veteran Max Marek, 180, Chicago,
tonight.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2 (UP). —Tony
Musto, 199, Chicago, won a hard
fought 10-round decision over the
veteran Max Marek, 180, Chicago,
tonight.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2 (UP). —Tony
Musto, 199, Chicago, won a hard
fought 10-round decision over the
veteran Max Marek, 180, Chicago,
tonight.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2 (UP). —Tony
Musto, 199, Chicago, won a hard
fought 10-round decision over the
veteran Max Marek, 180, Chicago,
tonight.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2 (UP). —Tony
Musto, 199, Chicago, won a hard
fought 10-round decision over the
veteran Max Marek, 180, Chicago,
tonight.
