# Dispossessed by Wreckers
## 
### 

BILL HATCH, left, and Ilal Weatherbe, right, leave the boathouse, lug
ging boxes and suitcases, as teaming down is about to begin. The
Farm's 25-year-old structure, after being decisively condemned in a
campus ballot, is being wrecked in favor of a newer and better boat
house. Canoes, in the meantime, arc being housed at the corporation
yard. (Photos by Richard Dudman)

BILL HATCH, left, and Ilal Weatherbe, right, leave the boathouse, lug
ging boxes and suitcases, as teaming down is about to begin. The
Farm's 25-year-old structure, after being decisively condemned in a
campus ballot, is being wrecked in favor of a newer and better boat
house. Canoes, in the meantime, arc being housed at the corporation
yard. (Photos by Richard Dudman)

BILL HATCH, left, and Ilal Weatherbe, right, leave the boathouse, lug
ging boxes and suitcases, as teaming down is about to begin. The
Farm's 25-year-old structure, after being decisively condemned in a
campus ballot, is being wrecked in favor of a newer and better boat
house. Canoes, in the meantime, arc being housed at the corporation
yard. (Photos by Richard Dudman)

BILL HATCH, left, and Ilal Weatherbe, right, leave the boathouse, lug
ging boxes and suitcases, as teaming down is about to begin. The
Farm's 25-year-old structure, after being decisively condemned in a
campus ballot, is being wrecked in favor of a newer and better boat
house. Canoes, in the meantime, arc being housed at the corporation
yard. (Photos by Richard Dudman)

BILL HATCH, left, and Ilal Weatherbe, right, leave the boathouse, lug
ging boxes and suitcases, as teaming down is about to begin. The
Farm's 25-year-old structure, after being decisively condemned in a
campus ballot, is being wrecked in favor of a newer and better boat
house. Canoes, in the meantime, arc being housed at the corporation
yard. (Photos by Richard Dudman)

BILL HATCH, left, and Ilal Weatherbe, right, leave the boathouse, lug
ging boxes and suitcases, as teaming down is about to begin. The
Farm's 25-year-old structure, after being decisively condemned in a
campus ballot, is being wrecked in favor of a newer and better boat
house. Canoes, in the meantime, arc being housed at the corporation
yard. (Photos by Richard Dudman)

BILL HATCH, left, and Ilal Weatherbe, right, leave the boathouse, lug
ging boxes and suitcases, as teaming down is about to begin. The
Farm's 25-year-old structure, after being decisively condemned in a
campus ballot, is being wrecked in favor of a newer and better boat
house. Canoes, in the meantime, arc being housed at the corporation
yard. (Photos by Richard Dudman)

BILL HATCH, left, and Ilal Weatherbe, right, leave the boathouse, lug
ging boxes and suitcases, as teaming down is about to begin. The
Farm's 25-year-old structure, after being decisively condemned in a
campus ballot, is being wrecked in favor of a newer and better boat
house. Canoes, in the meantime, arc being housed at the corporation
yard. (Photos by Richard Dudman)

BILL HATCH, left, and Ilal Weatherbe, right, leave the boathouse, lug
ging boxes and suitcases, as teaming down is about to begin. The
Farm's 25-year-old structure, after being decisively condemned in a
campus ballot, is being wrecked in favor of a newer and better boat
house. Canoes, in the meantime, arc being housed at the corporation
yard. (Photos by Richard Dudman)

BILL HATCH, left, and Ilal Weatherbe, right, leave the boathouse, lug
ging boxes and suitcases, as teaming down is about to begin. The
Farm's 25-year-old structure, after being decisively condemned in a
campus ballot, is being wrecked in favor of a newer and better boat
house. Canoes, in the meantime, arc being housed at the corporation
yard. (Photos by Richard Dudman)

BILL HATCH, left, and Ilal Weatherbe, right, leave the boathouse, lug
ging boxes and suitcases, as teaming down is about to begin. The
Farm's 25-year-old structure, after being decisively condemned in a
campus ballot, is being wrecked in favor of a newer and better boat
house. Canoes, in the meantime, arc being housed at the corporation
yard. (Photos by Richard Dudman)

BILL HATCH, left, and Ilal Weatherbe, right, leave the boathouse, lug
ging boxes and suitcases, as teaming down is about to begin. The
Farm's 25-year-old structure, after being decisively condemned in a
campus ballot, is being wrecked in favor of a newer and better boat
house. Canoes, in the meantime, arc being housed at the corporation
yard. (Photos by Richard Dudman)

BILL HATCH, left, and Ilal Weatherbe, right, leave the boathouse, lug
ging boxes and suitcases, as teaming down is about to begin. The
Farm's 25-year-old structure, after being decisively condemned in a
campus ballot, is being wrecked in favor of a newer and better boat
house. Canoes, in the meantime, arc being housed at the corporation
yard. (Photos by Richard Dudman)

BILL HATCH, left, and Ilal Weatherbe, right, leave the boathouse, lug
ging boxes and suitcases, as teaming down is about to begin. The
Farm's 25-year-old structure, after being decisively condemned in a
campus ballot, is being wrecked in favor of a newer and better boat
house. Canoes, in the meantime, arc being housed at the corporation
yard. (Photos by Richard Dudman)

BILL HATCH, left, and Ilal Weatherbe, right, leave the boathouse, lug
ging boxes and suitcases, as teaming down is about to begin. The
Farm's 25-year-old structure, after being decisively condemned in a
campus ballot, is being wrecked in favor of a newer and better boat
house. Canoes, in the meantime, arc being housed at the corporation
yard. (Photos by Richard Dudman)
