# FROSH PLAY MISSION SECOND NINE
## 
### 
Stanford freshmen will journey to
Santa Clara tomorrow afternoon to
meet the second team of the Univer
sity of Santa Clara in the hardest
baseball game of the season for the
first-year players. It is understood
that the Mission Town team will have
many of the first string players in
their lineup, as Coach Justin Fitzger
ald wants to give them the "o-o" as
often as possible.
Melhoff, who pitched in the peanut
league on the campus for a few weeks
last season until the University an

thorities refused his records of en
trance, is doing the twirling for the
Catholic second team. His work has
been so good lately that it is under
stood that he will be put on the var
sity permanently after the Stanford
| freshmen game.
Captain Cowan announces that the
following men will be taken on the
I first trip of the season: Peterson
and Kaiser, p.; Mitchell and Hawks,
c.; Mitchell, lb.; Messick, 2b.;
Shriver, 3b.; Cowan, ss.; Ryan. If.;
Lilly, cf„ and Reagon and Boydston.
rf.
Stanford freshmen will journey to
Santa Clara tomorrow afternoon to
meet the second team of the Univer
sity of Santa Clara in the hardest
baseball game of the season for the
first-year players. It is understood
that the Mission Town team will have
many of the first string players in
their lineup, as Coach Justin Fitzger
ald wants to give them the "o-o" as
often as possible.
Melhoff, who pitched in the peanut
league on the campus for a few weeks
last season until the University an

thorities refused his records of en
trance, is doing the twirling for the
Catholic second team. His work has
been so good lately that it is under
stood that he will be put on the var
sity permanently after the Stanford
| freshmen game.
Captain Cowan announces that the
following men will be taken on the
I first trip of the season: Peterson
and Kaiser, p.; Mitchell and Hawks,
c.; Mitchell, lb.; Messick, 2b.;
Shriver, 3b.; Cowan, ss.; Ryan. If.;
Lilly, cf„ and Reagon and Boydston.
rf.
Stanford freshmen will journey to
Santa Clara tomorrow afternoon to
meet the second team of the Univer
sity of Santa Clara in the hardest
baseball game of the season for the
first-year players. It is understood
that the Mission Town team will have
many of the first string players in
their lineup, as Coach Justin Fitzger
ald wants to give them the "o-o" as
often as possible.
Melhoff, who pitched in the peanut
league on the campus for a few weeks
last season until the University an

thorities refused his records of en
trance, is doing the twirling for the
Catholic second team. His work has
been so good lately that it is under
stood that he will be put on the var
sity permanently after the Stanford
| freshmen game.
Captain Cowan announces that the
following men will be taken on the
I first trip of the season: Peterson
and Kaiser, p.; Mitchell and Hawks,
c.; Mitchell, lb.; Messick, 2b.;
Shriver, 3b.; Cowan, ss.; Ryan. If.;
Lilly, cf„ and Reagon and Boydston.
rf.
Stanford freshmen will journey to
Santa Clara tomorrow afternoon to
meet the second team of the Univer
sity of Santa Clara in the hardest
baseball game of the season for the
first-year players. It is understood
that the Mission Town team will have
many of the first string players in
their lineup, as Coach Justin Fitzger
ald wants to give them the "o-o" as
often as possible.
Melhoff, who pitched in the peanut
league on the campus for a few weeks
last season until the University an

thorities refused his records of en
trance, is doing the twirling for the
Catholic second team. His work has
been so good lately that it is under
stood that he will be put on the var
sity permanently after the Stanford
| freshmen game.
Captain Cowan announces that the
following men will be taken on the
I first trip of the season: Peterson
and Kaiser, p.; Mitchell and Hawks,
c.; Mitchell, lb.; Messick, 2b.;
Shriver, 3b.; Cowan, ss.; Ryan. If.;
Lilly, cf„ and Reagon and Boydston.
rf.
Stanford freshmen will journey to
Santa Clara tomorrow afternoon to
meet the second team of the Univer
sity of Santa Clara in the hardest
baseball game of the season for the
first-year players. It is understood
that the Mission Town team will have
many of the first string players in
their lineup, as Coach Justin Fitzger
ald wants to give them the "o-o" as
often as possible.
Melhoff, who pitched in the peanut
league on the campus for a few weeks
last season until the University an

thorities refused his records of en
trance, is doing the twirling for the
Catholic second team. His work has
been so good lately that it is under
stood that he will be put on the var
sity permanently after the Stanford
| freshmen game.
Captain Cowan announces that the
following men will be taken on the
I first trip of the season: Peterson
and Kaiser, p.; Mitchell and Hawks,
c.; Mitchell, lb.; Messick, 2b.;
Shriver, 3b.; Cowan, ss.; Ryan. If.;
Lilly, cf„ and Reagon and Boydston.
rf.
Stanford freshmen will journey to
Santa Clara tomorrow afternoon to
meet the second team of the Univer
sity of Santa Clara in the hardest
baseball game of the season for the
first-year players. It is understood
that the Mission Town team will have
many of the first string players in
their lineup, as Coach Justin Fitzger
ald wants to give them the "o-o" as
often as possible.
Melhoff, who pitched in the peanut
league on the campus for a few weeks
last season until the University an

thorities refused his records of en
trance, is doing the twirling for the
Catholic second team. His work has
been so good lately that it is under
stood that he will be put on the var
sity permanently after the Stanford
| freshmen game.
Captain Cowan announces that the
following men will be taken on the
I first trip of the season: Peterson
and Kaiser, p.; Mitchell and Hawks,
c.; Mitchell, lb.; Messick, 2b.;
Shriver, 3b.; Cowan, ss.; Ryan. If.;
Lilly, cf„ and Reagon and Boydston.
rf.
Stanford freshmen will journey to
Santa Clara tomorrow afternoon to
meet the second team of the Univer
sity of Santa Clara in the hardest
baseball game of the season for the
first-year players. It is understood
that the Mission Town team will have
many of the first string players in
their lineup, as Coach Justin Fitzger
ald wants to give them the "o-o" as
often as possible.
Melhoff, who pitched in the peanut
league on the campus for a few weeks
last season until the University an

thorities refused his records of en
trance, is doing the twirling for the
Catholic second team. His work has
been so good lately that it is under
stood that he will be put on the var
sity permanently after the Stanford
| freshmen game.
Captain Cowan announces that the
following men will be taken on the
I first trip of the season: Peterson
and Kaiser, p.; Mitchell and Hawks,
c.; Mitchell, lb.; Messick, 2b.;
Shriver, 3b.; Cowan, ss.; Ryan. If.;
Lilly, cf„ and Reagon and Boydston.
rf.
Stanford freshmen will journey to
Santa Clara tomorrow afternoon to
meet the second team of the Univer
sity of Santa Clara in the hardest
baseball game of the season for the
first-year players. It is understood
that the Mission Town team will have
many of the first string players in
their lineup, as Coach Justin Fitzger
ald wants to give them the "o-o" as
often as possible.
Melhoff, who pitched in the peanut
league on the campus for a few weeks
last season until the University an

thorities refused his records of en
trance, is doing the twirling for the
Catholic second team. His work has
been so good lately that it is under
stood that he will be put on the var
sity permanently after the Stanford
| freshmen game.
Captain Cowan announces that the
following men will be taken on the
I first trip of the season: Peterson
and Kaiser, p.; Mitchell and Hawks,
c.; Mitchell, lb.; Messick, 2b.;
Shriver, 3b.; Cowan, ss.; Ryan. If.;
Lilly, cf„ and Reagon and Boydston.
rf.
Stanford freshmen will journey to
Santa Clara tomorrow afternoon to
meet the second team of the Univer
sity of Santa Clara in the hardest
baseball game of the season for the
first-year players. It is understood
that the Mission Town team will have
many of the first string players in
their lineup, as Coach Justin Fitzger
ald wants to give them the "o-o" as
often as possible.
Melhoff, who pitched in the peanut
league on the campus for a few weeks
last season until the University an

thorities refused his records of en
trance, is doing the twirling for the
Catholic second team. His work has
been so good lately that it is under
stood that he will be put on the var
sity permanently after the Stanford
| freshmen game.
Captain Cowan announces that the
following men will be taken on the
I first trip of the season: Peterson
and Kaiser, p.; Mitchell and Hawks,
c.; Mitchell, lb.; Messick, 2b.;
Shriver, 3b.; Cowan, ss.; Ryan. If.;
Lilly, cf„ and Reagon and Boydston.
rf.
Stanford freshmen will journey to
Santa Clara tomorrow afternoon to
meet the second team of the Univer
sity of Santa Clara in the hardest
baseball game of the season for the
first-year players. It is understood
that the Mission Town team will have
many of the first string players in
their lineup, as Coach Justin Fitzger
ald wants to give them the "o-o" as
often as possible.
Melhoff, who pitched in the peanut
league on the campus for a few weeks
last season until the University an

thorities refused his records of en
trance, is doing the twirling for the
Catholic second team. His work has
been so good lately that it is under
stood that he will be put on the var
sity permanently after the Stanford
| freshmen game.
Captain Cowan announces that the
following men will be taken on the
I first trip of the season: Peterson
and Kaiser, p.; Mitchell and Hawks,
c.; Mitchell, lb.; Messick, 2b.;
Shriver, 3b.; Cowan, ss.; Ryan. If.;
Lilly, cf„ and Reagon and Boydston.
rf.
Stanford freshmen will journey to
Santa Clara tomorrow afternoon to
meet the second team of the Univer
sity of Santa Clara in the hardest
baseball game of the season for the
first-year players. It is understood
that the Mission Town team will have
many of the first string players in
their lineup, as Coach Justin Fitzger
ald wants to give them the "o-o" as
often as possible.
Melhoff, who pitched in the peanut
league on the campus for a few weeks
last season until the University an

thorities refused his records of en
trance, is doing the twirling for the
Catholic second team. His work has
been so good lately that it is under
stood that he will be put on the var
sity permanently after the Stanford
| freshmen game.
Captain Cowan announces that the
following men will be taken on the
I first trip of the season: Peterson
and Kaiser, p.; Mitchell and Hawks,
c.; Mitchell, lb.; Messick, 2b.;
Shriver, 3b.; Cowan, ss.; Ryan. If.;
Lilly, cf„ and Reagon and Boydston.
rf.
Stanford freshmen will journey to
Santa Clara tomorrow afternoon to
meet the second team of the Univer
sity of Santa Clara in the hardest
baseball game of the season for the
first-year players. It is understood
that the Mission Town team will have
many of the first string players in
their lineup, as Coach Justin Fitzger
ald wants to give them the "o-o" as
often as possible.
Melhoff, who pitched in the peanut
league on the campus for a few weeks
last season until the University an

thorities refused his records of en
trance, is doing the twirling for the
Catholic second team. His work has
been so good lately that it is under
stood that he will be put on the var
sity permanently after the Stanford
| freshmen game.
Captain Cowan announces that the
following men will be taken on the
I first trip of the season: Peterson
and Kaiser, p.; Mitchell and Hawks,
c.; Mitchell, lb.; Messick, 2b.;
Shriver, 3b.; Cowan, ss.; Ryan. If.;
Lilly, cf„ and Reagon and Boydston.
rf.
Stanford freshmen will journey to
Santa Clara tomorrow afternoon to
meet the second team of the Univer
sity of Santa Clara in the hardest
baseball game of the season for the
first-year players. It is understood
that the Mission Town team will have
many of the first string players in
their lineup, as Coach Justin Fitzger
ald wants to give them the "o-o" as
often as possible.
Melhoff, who pitched in the peanut
league on the campus for a few weeks
last season until the University an

thorities refused his records of en
trance, is doing the twirling for the
Catholic second team. His work has
been so good lately that it is under
stood that he will be put on the var
sity permanently after the Stanford
| freshmen game.
Captain Cowan announces that the
following men will be taken on the
I first trip of the season: Peterson
and Kaiser, p.; Mitchell and Hawks,
c.; Mitchell, lb.; Messick, 2b.;
Shriver, 3b.; Cowan, ss.; Ryan. If.;
Lilly, cf„ and Reagon and Boydston.
rf.
Stanford freshmen will journey to
Santa Clara tomorrow afternoon to
meet the second team of the Univer
sity of Santa Clara in the hardest
baseball game of the season for the
first-year players. It is understood
that the Mission Town team will have
many of the first string players in
their lineup, as Coach Justin Fitzger
ald wants to give them the "o-o" as
often as possible.
Melhoff, who pitched in the peanut
league on the campus for a few weeks
last season until the University an

thorities refused his records of en
trance, is doing the twirling for the
Catholic second team. His work has
been so good lately that it is under
stood that he will be put on the var
sity permanently after the Stanford
| freshmen game.
Captain Cowan announces that the
following men will be taken on the
I first trip of the season: Peterson
and Kaiser, p.; Mitchell and Hawks,
c.; Mitchell, lb.; Messick, 2b.;
Shriver, 3b.; Cowan, ss.; Ryan. If.;
Lilly, cf„ and Reagon and Boydston.
rf.
