# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The new constitution of
the student government is
being published in full to
day at a big expense in
order to give YOU a chance
to read it. The leaders
of student government be
lieve this expense justi
fied in order to get the
terms of the instrument
before the student body.
It is not being published
for their benefit -- they
know what it contains. It
is not being published for
the glorification of any
body—no names are signed.
If you read the new consti
tution, familiarize your
self with its terms, and
are prepared to attend the
assembly next Thursday to
participate in the discus
sion or listen to it in
telligently, the expense
is more than justified.
The new constitution of
the student government is
being published in full to
day at a big expense in
order to give YOU a chance
to read it. The leaders
of student government be
lieve this expense justi
fied in order to get the
terms of the instrument
before the student body.
It is not being published
for their benefit -- they
know what it contains. It
is not being published for
the glorification of any
body—no names are signed.
If you read the new consti
tution, familiarize your
self with its terms, and
are prepared to attend the
assembly next Thursday to
participate in the discus
sion or listen to it in
telligently, the expense
is more than justified.
The new constitution of
the student government is
being published in full to
day at a big expense in
order to give YOU a chance
to read it. The leaders
of student government be
lieve this expense justi
fied in order to get the
terms of the instrument
before the student body.
It is not being published
for their benefit -- they
know what it contains. It
is not being published for
the glorification of any
body—no names are signed.
If you read the new consti
tution, familiarize your
self with its terms, and
are prepared to attend the
assembly next Thursday to
participate in the discus
sion or listen to it in
telligently, the expense
is more than justified.
The new constitution of
the student government is
being published in full to
day at a big expense in
order to give YOU a chance
to read it. The leaders
of student government be
lieve this expense justi
fied in order to get the
terms of the instrument
before the student body.
It is not being published
for their benefit -- they
know what it contains. It
is not being published for
the glorification of any
body—no names are signed.
If you read the new consti
tution, familiarize your
self with its terms, and
are prepared to attend the
assembly next Thursday to
participate in the discus
sion or listen to it in
telligently, the expense
is more than justified.
The new constitution of
the student government is
being published in full to
day at a big expense in
order to give YOU a chance
to read it. The leaders
of student government be
lieve this expense justi
fied in order to get the
terms of the instrument
before the student body.
It is not being published
for their benefit -- they
know what it contains. It
is not being published for
the glorification of any
body—no names are signed.
If you read the new consti
tution, familiarize your
self with its terms, and
are prepared to attend the
assembly next Thursday to
participate in the discus
sion or listen to it in
telligently, the expense
is more than justified.
The new constitution of
the student government is
being published in full to
day at a big expense in
order to give YOU a chance
to read it. The leaders
of student government be
lieve this expense justi
fied in order to get the
terms of the instrument
before the student body.
It is not being published
for their benefit -- they
know what it contains. It
is not being published for
the glorification of any
body—no names are signed.
If you read the new consti
tution, familiarize your
self with its terms, and
are prepared to attend the
assembly next Thursday to
participate in the discus
sion or listen to it in
telligently, the expense
is more than justified.
The new constitution of
the student government is
being published in full to
day at a big expense in
order to give YOU a chance
to read it. The leaders
of student government be
lieve this expense justi
fied in order to get the
terms of the instrument
before the student body.
It is not being published
for their benefit -- they
know what it contains. It
is not being published for
the glorification of any
body—no names are signed.
If you read the new consti
tution, familiarize your
self with its terms, and
are prepared to attend the
assembly next Thursday to
participate in the discus
sion or listen to it in
telligently, the expense
is more than justified.
The new constitution of
the student government is
being published in full to
day at a big expense in
order to give YOU a chance
to read it. The leaders
of student government be
lieve this expense justi
fied in order to get the
terms of the instrument
before the student body.
It is not being published
for their benefit -- they
know what it contains. It
is not being published for
the glorification of any
body—no names are signed.
If you read the new consti
tution, familiarize your
self with its terms, and
are prepared to attend the
assembly next Thursday to
participate in the discus
sion or listen to it in
telligently, the expense
is more than justified.
The new constitution of
the student government is
being published in full to
day at a big expense in
order to give YOU a chance
to read it. The leaders
of student government be
lieve this expense justi
fied in order to get the
terms of the instrument
before the student body.
It is not being published
for their benefit -- they
know what it contains. It
is not being published for
the glorification of any
body—no names are signed.
If you read the new consti
tution, familiarize your
self with its terms, and
are prepared to attend the
assembly next Thursday to
participate in the discus
sion or listen to it in
telligently, the expense
is more than justified.
The new constitution of
the student government is
being published in full to
day at a big expense in
order to give YOU a chance
to read it. The leaders
of student government be
lieve this expense justi
fied in order to get the
terms of the instrument
before the student body.
It is not being published
for their benefit -- they
know what it contains. It
is not being published for
the glorification of any
body—no names are signed.
If you read the new consti
tution, familiarize your
self with its terms, and
are prepared to attend the
assembly next Thursday to
participate in the discus
sion or listen to it in
telligently, the expense
is more than justified.
The new constitution of
the student government is
being published in full to
day at a big expense in
order to give YOU a chance
to read it. The leaders
of student government be
lieve this expense justi
fied in order to get the
terms of the instrument
before the student body.
It is not being published
for their benefit -- they
know what it contains. It
is not being published for
the glorification of any
body—no names are signed.
If you read the new consti
tution, familiarize your
self with its terms, and
are prepared to attend the
assembly next Thursday to
participate in the discus
sion or listen to it in
telligently, the expense
is more than justified.
The new constitution of
the student government is
being published in full to
day at a big expense in
order to give YOU a chance
to read it. The leaders
of student government be
lieve this expense justi
fied in order to get the
terms of the instrument
before the student body.
It is not being published
for their benefit -- they
know what it contains. It
is not being published for
the glorification of any
body—no names are signed.
If you read the new consti
tution, familiarize your
self with its terms, and
are prepared to attend the
assembly next Thursday to
participate in the discus
sion or listen to it in
telligently, the expense
is more than justified.
The new constitution of
the student government is
being published in full to
day at a big expense in
order to give YOU a chance
to read it. The leaders
of student government be
lieve this expense justi
fied in order to get the
terms of the instrument
before the student body.
It is not being published
for their benefit -- they
know what it contains. It
is not being published for
the glorification of any
body—no names are signed.
If you read the new consti
tution, familiarize your
self with its terms, and
are prepared to attend the
assembly next Thursday to
participate in the discus
sion or listen to it in
telligently, the expense
is more than justified.
The new constitution of
the student government is
being published in full to
day at a big expense in
order to give YOU a chance
to read it. The leaders
of student government be
lieve this expense justi
fied in order to get the
terms of the instrument
before the student body.
It is not being published
for their benefit -- they
know what it contains. It
is not being published for
the glorification of any
body—no names are signed.
If you read the new consti
tution, familiarize your
self with its terms, and
are prepared to attend the
assembly next Thursday to
participate in the discus
sion or listen to it in
telligently, the expense
is more than justified.
