# ZEB TERRY IS MAKING GOOD IN WHITE SOX TRAINING CAMP
## 
### 
Word comes through the Chicago
Herald that Zeb Terry, former star
Cardinal shortstop, is more than mak
ing good in the eastern training camp
of the Chicago White Sox. Manager
Rowland expressed himself as very en
thusiastic ever Terry's brilliant play
ing. In all the practice games played
thus far, Terry has been covering
short, while Buck Weaver has been
playing around the third base sack.
Experts in eastern sporting circles
agree that Terry will stick in the
American League if bo can hit at a
.240 clip, and past performances of
the speed merchant tend to show that
he will stick much above that mark.
Word comes through the Chicago
Herald that Zeb Terry, former star
Cardinal shortstop, is more than mak
ing good in the eastern training camp
of the Chicago White Sox. Manager
Rowland expressed himself as very en
thusiastic ever Terry's brilliant play
ing. In all the practice games played
thus far, Terry has been covering
short, while Buck Weaver has been
playing around the third base sack.
Experts in eastern sporting circles
agree that Terry will stick in the
American League if bo can hit at a
.240 clip, and past performances of
the speed merchant tend to show that
he will stick much above that mark.
Word comes through the Chicago
Herald that Zeb Terry, former star
Cardinal shortstop, is more than mak
ing good in the eastern training camp
of the Chicago White Sox. Manager
Rowland expressed himself as very en
thusiastic ever Terry's brilliant play
ing. In all the practice games played
thus far, Terry has been covering
short, while Buck Weaver has been
playing around the third base sack.
Experts in eastern sporting circles
agree that Terry will stick in the
American League if bo can hit at a
.240 clip, and past performances of
the speed merchant tend to show that
he will stick much above that mark.
Word comes through the Chicago
Herald that Zeb Terry, former star
Cardinal shortstop, is more than mak
ing good in the eastern training camp
of the Chicago White Sox. Manager
Rowland expressed himself as very en
thusiastic ever Terry's brilliant play
ing. In all the practice games played
thus far, Terry has been covering
short, while Buck Weaver has been
playing around the third base sack.
Experts in eastern sporting circles
agree that Terry will stick in the
American League if bo can hit at a
.240 clip, and past performances of
the speed merchant tend to show that
he will stick much above that mark.
Word comes through the Chicago
Herald that Zeb Terry, former star
Cardinal shortstop, is more than mak
ing good in the eastern training camp
of the Chicago White Sox. Manager
Rowland expressed himself as very en
thusiastic ever Terry's brilliant play
ing. In all the practice games played
thus far, Terry has been covering
short, while Buck Weaver has been
playing around the third base sack.
Experts in eastern sporting circles
agree that Terry will stick in the
American League if bo can hit at a
.240 clip, and past performances of
the speed merchant tend to show that
he will stick much above that mark.
Word comes through the Chicago
Herald that Zeb Terry, former star
Cardinal shortstop, is more than mak
ing good in the eastern training camp
of the Chicago White Sox. Manager
Rowland expressed himself as very en
thusiastic ever Terry's brilliant play
ing. In all the practice games played
thus far, Terry has been covering
short, while Buck Weaver has been
playing around the third base sack.
Experts in eastern sporting circles
agree that Terry will stick in the
American League if bo can hit at a
.240 clip, and past performances of
the speed merchant tend to show that
he will stick much above that mark.
Word comes through the Chicago
Herald that Zeb Terry, former star
Cardinal shortstop, is more than mak
ing good in the eastern training camp
of the Chicago White Sox. Manager
Rowland expressed himself as very en
thusiastic ever Terry's brilliant play
ing. In all the practice games played
thus far, Terry has been covering
short, while Buck Weaver has been
playing around the third base sack.
Experts in eastern sporting circles
agree that Terry will stick in the
American League if bo can hit at a
.240 clip, and past performances of
the speed merchant tend to show that
he will stick much above that mark.
Word comes through the Chicago
Herald that Zeb Terry, former star
Cardinal shortstop, is more than mak
ing good in the eastern training camp
of the Chicago White Sox. Manager
Rowland expressed himself as very en
thusiastic ever Terry's brilliant play
ing. In all the practice games played
thus far, Terry has been covering
short, while Buck Weaver has been
playing around the third base sack.
Experts in eastern sporting circles
agree that Terry will stick in the
American League if bo can hit at a
.240 clip, and past performances of
the speed merchant tend to show that
he will stick much above that mark.
Word comes through the Chicago
Herald that Zeb Terry, former star
Cardinal shortstop, is more than mak
ing good in the eastern training camp
of the Chicago White Sox. Manager
Rowland expressed himself as very en
thusiastic ever Terry's brilliant play
ing. In all the practice games played
thus far, Terry has been covering
short, while Buck Weaver has been
playing around the third base sack.
Experts in eastern sporting circles
agree that Terry will stick in the
American League if bo can hit at a
.240 clip, and past performances of
the speed merchant tend to show that
he will stick much above that mark.
Word comes through the Chicago
Herald that Zeb Terry, former star
Cardinal shortstop, is more than mak
ing good in the eastern training camp
of the Chicago White Sox. Manager
Rowland expressed himself as very en
thusiastic ever Terry's brilliant play
ing. In all the practice games played
thus far, Terry has been covering
short, while Buck Weaver has been
playing around the third base sack.
Experts in eastern sporting circles
agree that Terry will stick in the
American League if bo can hit at a
.240 clip, and past performances of
the speed merchant tend to show that
he will stick much above that mark.
Word comes through the Chicago
Herald that Zeb Terry, former star
Cardinal shortstop, is more than mak
ing good in the eastern training camp
of the Chicago White Sox. Manager
Rowland expressed himself as very en
thusiastic ever Terry's brilliant play
ing. In all the practice games played
thus far, Terry has been covering
short, while Buck Weaver has been
playing around the third base sack.
Experts in eastern sporting circles
agree that Terry will stick in the
American League if bo can hit at a
.240 clip, and past performances of
the speed merchant tend to show that
he will stick much above that mark.
Word comes through the Chicago
Herald that Zeb Terry, former star
Cardinal shortstop, is more than mak
ing good in the eastern training camp
of the Chicago White Sox. Manager
Rowland expressed himself as very en
thusiastic ever Terry's brilliant play
ing. In all the practice games played
thus far, Terry has been covering
short, while Buck Weaver has been
playing around the third base sack.
Experts in eastern sporting circles
agree that Terry will stick in the
American League if bo can hit at a
.240 clip, and past performances of
the speed merchant tend to show that
he will stick much above that mark.
Word comes through the Chicago
Herald that Zeb Terry, former star
Cardinal shortstop, is more than mak
ing good in the eastern training camp
of the Chicago White Sox. Manager
Rowland expressed himself as very en
thusiastic ever Terry's brilliant play
ing. In all the practice games played
thus far, Terry has been covering
short, while Buck Weaver has been
playing around the third base sack.
Experts in eastern sporting circles
agree that Terry will stick in the
American League if bo can hit at a
.240 clip, and past performances of
the speed merchant tend to show that
he will stick much above that mark.
Word comes through the Chicago
Herald that Zeb Terry, former star
Cardinal shortstop, is more than mak
ing good in the eastern training camp
of the Chicago White Sox. Manager
Rowland expressed himself as very en
thusiastic ever Terry's brilliant play
ing. In all the practice games played
thus far, Terry has been covering
short, while Buck Weaver has been
playing around the third base sack.
Experts in eastern sporting circles
agree that Terry will stick in the
American League if bo can hit at a
.240 clip, and past performances of
the speed merchant tend to show that
he will stick much above that mark.
