# Adv. 1 Page 2
## 
### 
A WALK-OVER
SPORT SHOE
"Bristol"
There's real satisfac
tion in knowing that |
you have the best ob
tainable . . . This smart
shoe is made from Gen
uine White KIU. The
contrasting trimmings 'I
are Glove Calf.
fr„r m $0.50
window
fcwIERLEWS
Walk-over
SHOP
218 University Ave.
nMawaHMaaHMMMw
A WALK-OVER
SPORT SHOE
"Bristol"
There's real satisfac
tion in knowing that |
you have the best ob
tainable . . . This smart
shoe is made from Gen
uine White KIU. The
contrasting trimmings 'I
are Glove Calf.
fr„r m $0.50
window
fcwIERLEWS
Walk-over
SHOP
218 University Ave.
nMawaHMaaHMMMw
A WALK-OVER
SPORT SHOE
"Bristol"
There's real satisfac
tion in knowing that |
you have the best ob
tainable . . . This smart
shoe is made from Gen
uine White KIU. The
contrasting trimmings 'I
are Glove Calf.
fr„r m $0.50
window
fcwIERLEWS
Walk-over
SHOP
218 University Ave.
nMawaHMaaHMMMw
A WALK-OVER
SPORT SHOE
"Bristol"
There's real satisfac
tion in knowing that |
you have the best ob
tainable . . . This smart
shoe is made from Gen
uine White KIU. The
contrasting trimmings 'I
are Glove Calf.
fr„r m $0.50
window
fcwIERLEWS
Walk-over
SHOP
218 University Ave.
nMawaHMaaHMMMw
A WALK-OVER
SPORT SHOE
"Bristol"
There's real satisfac
tion in knowing that |
you have the best ob
tainable . . . This smart
shoe is made from Gen
uine White KIU. The
contrasting trimmings 'I
are Glove Calf.
fr„r m $0.50
window
fcwIERLEWS
Walk-over
SHOP
218 University Ave.
nMawaHMaaHMMMw
A WALK-OVER
SPORT SHOE
"Bristol"
There's real satisfac
tion in knowing that |
you have the best ob
tainable . . . This smart
shoe is made from Gen
uine White KIU. The
contrasting trimmings 'I
are Glove Calf.
fr„r m $0.50
window
fcwIERLEWS
Walk-over
SHOP
218 University Ave.
nMawaHMaaHMMMw
A WALK-OVER
SPORT SHOE
"Bristol"
There's real satisfac
tion in knowing that |
you have the best ob
tainable . . . This smart
shoe is made from Gen
uine White KIU. The
contrasting trimmings 'I
are Glove Calf.
fr„r m $0.50
window
fcwIERLEWS
Walk-over
SHOP
218 University Ave.
nMawaHMaaHMMMw
A WALK-OVER
SPORT SHOE
"Bristol"
There's real satisfac
tion in knowing that |
you have the best ob
tainable . . . This smart
shoe is made from Gen
uine White KIU. The
contrasting trimmings 'I
are Glove Calf.
fr„r m $0.50
window
fcwIERLEWS
Walk-over
SHOP
218 University Ave.
nMawaHMaaHMMMw
A WALK-OVER
SPORT SHOE
"Bristol"
There's real satisfac
tion in knowing that |
you have the best ob
tainable . . . This smart
shoe is made from Gen
uine White KIU. The
contrasting trimmings 'I
are Glove Calf.
fr„r m $0.50
window
fcwIERLEWS
Walk-over
SHOP
218 University Ave.
nMawaHMaaHMMMw
A WALK-OVER
SPORT SHOE
"Bristol"
There's real satisfac
tion in knowing that |
you have the best ob
tainable . . . This smart
shoe is made from Gen
uine White KIU. The
contrasting trimmings 'I
are Glove Calf.
fr„r m $0.50
window
fcwIERLEWS
Walk-over
SHOP
218 University Ave.
nMawaHMaaHMMMw
A WALK-OVER
SPORT SHOE
"Bristol"
There's real satisfac
tion in knowing that |
you have the best ob
tainable . . . This smart
shoe is made from Gen
uine White KIU. The
contrasting trimmings 'I
are Glove Calf.
fr„r m $0.50
window
fcwIERLEWS
Walk-over
SHOP
218 University Ave.
nMawaHMaaHMMMw
A WALK-OVER
SPORT SHOE
"Bristol"
There's real satisfac
tion in knowing that |
you have the best ob
tainable . . . This smart
shoe is made from Gen
uine White KIU. The
contrasting trimmings 'I
are Glove Calf.
fr„r m $0.50
window
fcwIERLEWS
Walk-over
SHOP
218 University Ave.
nMawaHMaaHMMMw
A WALK-OVER
SPORT SHOE
"Bristol"
There's real satisfac
tion in knowing that |
you have the best ob
tainable . . . This smart
shoe is made from Gen
uine White KIU. The
contrasting trimmings 'I
are Glove Calf.
fr„r m $0.50
window
fcwIERLEWS
Walk-over
SHOP
218 University Ave.
nMawaHMaaHMMMw
A WALK-OVER
SPORT SHOE
"Bristol"
There's real satisfac
tion in knowing that |
you have the best ob
tainable . . . This smart
shoe is made from Gen
uine White KIU. The
contrasting trimmings 'I
are Glove Calf.
fr„r m $0.50
window
fcwIERLEWS
Walk-over
SHOP
218 University Ave.
nMawaHMaaHMMMw
