# PHILOLOGICAL SOCIETY TO HEAR DR. McKINLAY
## 
### 
There will be a meeting To the I'ni
versit.v Philological Society in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:!!0 o'clock
tonight. A paper on "Tentative Classi
fication of Araior's Acts of the
Apostles" by A. P. McKinlay, visiting
professor of Classic Literature, and a
paper on "Hamlet" by T. M. Parrott,
visiting professor of English, will be
the two features of the evening.
All those interested are cordially
invited.
There will be a meeting To the I'ni
versit.v Philological Society in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:!!0 o'clock
tonight. A paper on "Tentative Classi
fication of Araior's Acts of the
Apostles" by A. P. McKinlay, visiting
professor of Classic Literature, and a
paper on "Hamlet" by T. M. Parrott,
visiting professor of English, will be
the two features of the evening.
All those interested are cordially
invited.
There will be a meeting To the I'ni
versit.v Philological Society in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:!!0 o'clock
tonight. A paper on "Tentative Classi
fication of Araior's Acts of the
Apostles" by A. P. McKinlay, visiting
professor of Classic Literature, and a
paper on "Hamlet" by T. M. Parrott,
visiting professor of English, will be
the two features of the evening.
All those interested are cordially
invited.
There will be a meeting To the I'ni
versit.v Philological Society in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:!!0 o'clock
tonight. A paper on "Tentative Classi
fication of Araior's Acts of the
Apostles" by A. P. McKinlay, visiting
professor of Classic Literature, and a
paper on "Hamlet" by T. M. Parrott,
visiting professor of English, will be
the two features of the evening.
All those interested are cordially
invited.
There will be a meeting To the I'ni
versit.v Philological Society in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:!!0 o'clock
tonight. A paper on "Tentative Classi
fication of Araior's Acts of the
Apostles" by A. P. McKinlay, visiting
professor of Classic Literature, and a
paper on "Hamlet" by T. M. Parrott,
visiting professor of English, will be
the two features of the evening.
All those interested are cordially
invited.
There will be a meeting To the I'ni
versit.v Philological Society in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:!!0 o'clock
tonight. A paper on "Tentative Classi
fication of Araior's Acts of the
Apostles" by A. P. McKinlay, visiting
professor of Classic Literature, and a
paper on "Hamlet" by T. M. Parrott,
visiting professor of English, will be
the two features of the evening.
All those interested are cordially
invited.
There will be a meeting To the I'ni
versit.v Philological Society in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:!!0 o'clock
tonight. A paper on "Tentative Classi
fication of Araior's Acts of the
Apostles" by A. P. McKinlay, visiting
professor of Classic Literature, and a
paper on "Hamlet" by T. M. Parrott,
visiting professor of English, will be
the two features of the evening.
All those interested are cordially
invited.
There will be a meeting To the I'ni
versit.v Philological Society in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:!!0 o'clock
tonight. A paper on "Tentative Classi
fication of Araior's Acts of the
Apostles" by A. P. McKinlay, visiting
professor of Classic Literature, and a
paper on "Hamlet" by T. M. Parrott,
visiting professor of English, will be
the two features of the evening.
All those interested are cordially
invited.
There will be a meeting To the I'ni
versit.v Philological Society in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:!!0 o'clock
tonight. A paper on "Tentative Classi
fication of Araior's Acts of the
Apostles" by A. P. McKinlay, visiting
professor of Classic Literature, and a
paper on "Hamlet" by T. M. Parrott,
visiting professor of English, will be
the two features of the evening.
All those interested are cordially
invited.
There will be a meeting To the I'ni
versit.v Philological Society in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:!!0 o'clock
tonight. A paper on "Tentative Classi
fication of Araior's Acts of the
Apostles" by A. P. McKinlay, visiting
professor of Classic Literature, and a
paper on "Hamlet" by T. M. Parrott,
visiting professor of English, will be
the two features of the evening.
All those interested are cordially
invited.
There will be a meeting To the I'ni
versit.v Philological Society in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:!!0 o'clock
tonight. A paper on "Tentative Classi
fication of Araior's Acts of the
Apostles" by A. P. McKinlay, visiting
professor of Classic Literature, and a
paper on "Hamlet" by T. M. Parrott,
visiting professor of English, will be
the two features of the evening.
All those interested are cordially
invited.
There will be a meeting To the I'ni
versit.v Philological Society in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:!!0 o'clock
tonight. A paper on "Tentative Classi
fication of Araior's Acts of the
Apostles" by A. P. McKinlay, visiting
professor of Classic Literature, and a
paper on "Hamlet" by T. M. Parrott,
visiting professor of English, will be
the two features of the evening.
All those interested are cordially
invited.
There will be a meeting To the I'ni
versit.v Philological Society in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:!!0 o'clock
tonight. A paper on "Tentative Classi
fication of Araior's Acts of the
Apostles" by A. P. McKinlay, visiting
professor of Classic Literature, and a
paper on "Hamlet" by T. M. Parrott,
visiting professor of English, will be
the two features of the evening.
All those interested are cordially
invited.
There will be a meeting To the I'ni
versit.v Philological Society in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:!!0 o'clock
tonight. A paper on "Tentative Classi
fication of Araior's Acts of the
Apostles" by A. P. McKinlay, visiting
professor of Classic Literature, and a
paper on "Hamlet" by T. M. Parrott,
visiting professor of English, will be
the two features of the evening.
All those interested are cordially
invited.
