# RUSSIAN HISTORIANS SEARCH WAR LIBRARY FOR DATA ON REVOLT
## 
### 
Two eminent Russian historians,
General Nicholas Golovine and Profes
sor George Vernadsky, are searching
the archives of the Hoover War Li
brary for material on the Russian Re
volution.
, General Golovine, who is collecting
subject matter for a hook, was for
merly a professor in the Imperial
Staff College in St. Petersburg, and
held positions of great responsibility
during the war. He is the author of
eighteen volumes of military and poli
tical history. One of his books, "Prob
lems of the Pacific in the Twentieth
Century," has been translated into
English.
Professor Vernadsky comes to Stan
ford from Yale, where he is research
associate in history. He was at one
time on the history faculty of the Uni
versity of St. Petersburg, and later
professor in the Russian Faculty of
Law in Prague. His several books
are on various aspects of Russian his
tory. Last year the Yale University
Press published his "History of Rus
sia," and the same publishers are to
print his "Life of Lenin."
