# Two Students Suffer Penalties.
## 
### 
The committee on Student Affairs
today suspended a student for the
remainder of the semester for having
practiced fraud in an examination.
For permitting a fellow student to
obtain data from his examination
paper another student was placed on
probation and required to discontinue
the course in which the examination
was held.
The committee on Student Affairs
today suspended a student for the
remainder of the semester for having
practiced fraud in an examination.
For permitting a fellow student to
obtain data from his examination
paper another student was placed on
probation and required to discontinue
the course in which the examination
was held.
The committee on Student Affairs
today suspended a student for the
remainder of the semester for having
practiced fraud in an examination.
For permitting a fellow student to
obtain data from his examination
paper another student was placed on
probation and required to discontinue
the course in which the examination
was held.
The committee on Student Affairs
today suspended a student for the
remainder of the semester for having
practiced fraud in an examination.
For permitting a fellow student to
obtain data from his examination
paper another student was placed on
probation and required to discontinue
the course in which the examination
was held.
The committee on Student Affairs
today suspended a student for the
remainder of the semester for having
practiced fraud in an examination.
For permitting a fellow student to
obtain data from his examination
paper another student was placed on
probation and required to discontinue
the course in which the examination
was held.
The committee on Student Affairs
today suspended a student for the
remainder of the semester for having
practiced fraud in an examination.
For permitting a fellow student to
obtain data from his examination
paper another student was placed on
probation and required to discontinue
the course in which the examination
was held.
The committee on Student Affairs
today suspended a student for the
remainder of the semester for having
practiced fraud in an examination.
For permitting a fellow student to
obtain data from his examination
paper another student was placed on
probation and required to discontinue
the course in which the examination
was held.
The committee on Student Affairs
today suspended a student for the
remainder of the semester for having
practiced fraud in an examination.
For permitting a fellow student to
obtain data from his examination
paper another student was placed on
probation and required to discontinue
the course in which the examination
was held.
The committee on Student Affairs
today suspended a student for the
remainder of the semester for having
practiced fraud in an examination.
For permitting a fellow student to
obtain data from his examination
paper another student was placed on
probation and required to discontinue
the course in which the examination
was held.
The committee on Student Affairs
today suspended a student for the
remainder of the semester for having
practiced fraud in an examination.
For permitting a fellow student to
obtain data from his examination
paper another student was placed on
probation and required to discontinue
the course in which the examination
was held.
The committee on Student Affairs
today suspended a student for the
remainder of the semester for having
practiced fraud in an examination.
For permitting a fellow student to
obtain data from his examination
paper another student was placed on
probation and required to discontinue
the course in which the examination
was held.
