# Miss Richards To Address Club.
## 
### 
Next Tuesday evening the Classical
Club of the University will be ad
dressed by Miss Irmagarde Richards,
of Mills College. Miss Richards is to
read a paper on the "Dress of Roman
Women" and will exhibit some recon
structions which she lias made from
the garments. The place and exact
time will be definitely announced on
Mondpy
Next Tuesday evening the Classical
Club of the University will be ad
dressed by Miss Irmagarde Richards,
of Mills College. Miss Richards is to
read a paper on the "Dress of Roman
Women" and will exhibit some recon
structions which she lias made from
the garments. The place and exact
time will be definitely announced on
Mondpy
Next Tuesday evening the Classical
Club of the University will be ad
dressed by Miss Irmagarde Richards,
of Mills College. Miss Richards is to
read a paper on the "Dress of Roman
Women" and will exhibit some recon
structions which she lias made from
the garments. The place and exact
time will be definitely announced on
Mondpy
Next Tuesday evening the Classical
Club of the University will be ad
dressed by Miss Irmagarde Richards,
of Mills College. Miss Richards is to
read a paper on the "Dress of Roman
Women" and will exhibit some recon
structions which she lias made from
the garments. The place and exact
time will be definitely announced on
Mondpy
Next Tuesday evening the Classical
Club of the University will be ad
dressed by Miss Irmagarde Richards,
of Mills College. Miss Richards is to
read a paper on the "Dress of Roman
Women" and will exhibit some recon
structions which she lias made from
the garments. The place and exact
time will be definitely announced on
Mondpy
Next Tuesday evening the Classical
Club of the University will be ad
dressed by Miss Irmagarde Richards,
of Mills College. Miss Richards is to
read a paper on the "Dress of Roman
Women" and will exhibit some recon
structions which she lias made from
the garments. The place and exact
time will be definitely announced on
Mondpy
Next Tuesday evening the Classical
Club of the University will be ad
dressed by Miss Irmagarde Richards,
of Mills College. Miss Richards is to
read a paper on the "Dress of Roman
Women" and will exhibit some recon
structions which she lias made from
the garments. The place and exact
time will be definitely announced on
Mondpy
Next Tuesday evening the Classical
Club of the University will be ad
dressed by Miss Irmagarde Richards,
of Mills College. Miss Richards is to
read a paper on the "Dress of Roman
Women" and will exhibit some recon
structions which she lias made from
the garments. The place and exact
time will be definitely announced on
Mondpy
Next Tuesday evening the Classical
Club of the University will be ad
dressed by Miss Irmagarde Richards,
of Mills College. Miss Richards is to
read a paper on the "Dress of Roman
Women" and will exhibit some recon
structions which she lias made from
the garments. The place and exact
time will be definitely announced on
Mondpy
Next Tuesday evening the Classical
Club of the University will be ad
dressed by Miss Irmagarde Richards,
of Mills College. Miss Richards is to
read a paper on the "Dress of Roman
Women" and will exhibit some recon
structions which she lias made from
the garments. The place and exact
time will be definitely announced on
Mondpy
Next Tuesday evening the Classical
Club of the University will be ad
dressed by Miss Irmagarde Richards,
of Mills College. Miss Richards is to
read a paper on the "Dress of Roman
Women" and will exhibit some recon
structions which she lias made from
the garments. The place and exact
time will be definitely announced on
Mondpy
