# Another League Adopts Rugby.
## 
### 
That Rugby football is gradually
replacing the American game in Cali
fornia high schools is shown by the
fact that the California Athletic As
sociation of the Lower San Joaquin
Valley recently voted to play Rugby
next year. This league has consistent
ly refused to consider Rugby and its
sudden adoption of the game will
probably force all of the schools of
the valley to take up the new game.
That Rugby football is gradually
replacing the American game in Cali
fornia high schools is shown by the
fact that the California Athletic As
sociation of the Lower San Joaquin
Valley recently voted to play Rugby
next year. This league has consistent
ly refused to consider Rugby and its
sudden adoption of the game will
probably force all of the schools of
the valley to take up the new game.
That Rugby football is gradually
replacing the American game in Cali
fornia high schools is shown by the
fact that the California Athletic As
sociation of the Lower San Joaquin
Valley recently voted to play Rugby
next year. This league has consistent
ly refused to consider Rugby and its
sudden adoption of the game will
probably force all of the schools of
the valley to take up the new game.
That Rugby football is gradually
replacing the American game in Cali
fornia high schools is shown by the
fact that the California Athletic As
sociation of the Lower San Joaquin
Valley recently voted to play Rugby
next year. This league has consistent
ly refused to consider Rugby and its
sudden adoption of the game will
probably force all of the schools of
the valley to take up the new game.
That Rugby football is gradually
replacing the American game in Cali
fornia high schools is shown by the
fact that the California Athletic As
sociation of the Lower San Joaquin
Valley recently voted to play Rugby
next year. This league has consistent
ly refused to consider Rugby and its
sudden adoption of the game will
probably force all of the schools of
the valley to take up the new game.
That Rugby football is gradually
replacing the American game in Cali
fornia high schools is shown by the
fact that the California Athletic As
sociation of the Lower San Joaquin
Valley recently voted to play Rugby
next year. This league has consistent
ly refused to consider Rugby and its
sudden adoption of the game will
probably force all of the schools of
the valley to take up the new game.
That Rugby football is gradually
replacing the American game in Cali
fornia high schools is shown by the
fact that the California Athletic As
sociation of the Lower San Joaquin
Valley recently voted to play Rugby
next year. This league has consistent
ly refused to consider Rugby and its
sudden adoption of the game will
probably force all of the schools of
the valley to take up the new game.
That Rugby football is gradually
replacing the American game in Cali
fornia high schools is shown by the
fact that the California Athletic As
sociation of the Lower San Joaquin
Valley recently voted to play Rugby
next year. This league has consistent
ly refused to consider Rugby and its
sudden adoption of the game will
probably force all of the schools of
the valley to take up the new game.
That Rugby football is gradually
replacing the American game in Cali
fornia high schools is shown by the
fact that the California Athletic As
sociation of the Lower San Joaquin
Valley recently voted to play Rugby
next year. This league has consistent
ly refused to consider Rugby and its
sudden adoption of the game will
probably force all of the schools of
the valley to take up the new game.
That Rugby football is gradually
replacing the American game in Cali
fornia high schools is shown by the
fact that the California Athletic As
sociation of the Lower San Joaquin
Valley recently voted to play Rugby
next year. This league has consistent
ly refused to consider Rugby and its
sudden adoption of the game will
probably force all of the schools of
the valley to take up the new game.
That Rugby football is gradually
replacing the American game in Cali
fornia high schools is shown by the
fact that the California Athletic As
sociation of the Lower San Joaquin
Valley recently voted to play Rugby
next year. This league has consistent
ly refused to consider Rugby and its
sudden adoption of the game will
probably force all of the schools of
the valley to take up the new game.
