# PROFESSORS WILL BE RETIRED
## Automatic Operation Of Carnegie Pension Will Affect Several In 1916. 
### 
Through the operation of the same
rule of the University by which Stan
ford will suffer the loss of its Presi
dent six years hence, several other
members of the faculty will also be
retired at that timp. Among this num
ber are J. C. Branner, vice president
of the University and head of the Ge
ology department, M. B. Anderson of
the English department, O. P. Jenk
ins and W, R. Dudley, professors of
Physiology and Botany, respectively.
The regulation retiring these men
upon reaching the age of sixty-five
years is in universal use in the col
leges and universities of the country
and acts automatically. Prior to the
foundation of the Carnegie Fund, it
was often found to be a hardship to
retire a man immediately upon his
reaching the age mentioned, if he
was in good health and capable of
further work, as is oftimes the case
after a life of service, he might be
penniless. With the pension fund in
existence this contingency is elimi
nated.
Through the operation of the same
rule of the University by which Stan
ford will suffer the loss of its Presi
dent six years hence, several other
members of the faculty will also be
retired at that timp. Among this num
ber are J. C. Branner, vice president
of the University and head of the Ge
ology department, M. B. Anderson of
the English department, O. P. Jenk
ins and W, R. Dudley, professors of
Physiology and Botany, respectively.
The regulation retiring these men
upon reaching the age of sixty-five
years is in universal use in the col
leges and universities of the country
and acts automatically. Prior to the
foundation of the Carnegie Fund, it
was often found to be a hardship to
retire a man immediately upon his
reaching the age mentioned, if he
was in good health and capable of
further work, as is oftimes the case
after a life of service, he might be
penniless. With the pension fund in
existence this contingency is elimi
nated.
Through the operation of the same
rule of the University by which Stan
ford will suffer the loss of its Presi
dent six years hence, several other
members of the faculty will also be
retired at that timp. Among this num
ber are J. C. Branner, vice president
of the University and head of the Ge
ology department, M. B. Anderson of
the English department, O. P. Jenk
ins and W, R. Dudley, professors of
Physiology and Botany, respectively.
The regulation retiring these men
upon reaching the age of sixty-five
years is in universal use in the col
leges and universities of the country
and acts automatically. Prior to the
foundation of the Carnegie Fund, it
was often found to be a hardship to
retire a man immediately upon his
reaching the age mentioned, if he
was in good health and capable of
further work, as is oftimes the case
after a life of service, he might be
penniless. With the pension fund in
existence this contingency is elimi
nated.
Through the operation of the same
rule of the University by which Stan
ford will suffer the loss of its Presi
dent six years hence, several other
members of the faculty will also be
retired at that timp. Among this num
ber are J. C. Branner, vice president
of the University and head of the Ge
ology department, M. B. Anderson of
the English department, O. P. Jenk
ins and W, R. Dudley, professors of
Physiology and Botany, respectively.
The regulation retiring these men
upon reaching the age of sixty-five
years is in universal use in the col
leges and universities of the country
and acts automatically. Prior to the
foundation of the Carnegie Fund, it
was often found to be a hardship to
retire a man immediately upon his
reaching the age mentioned, if he
was in good health and capable of
further work, as is oftimes the case
after a life of service, he might be
penniless. With the pension fund in
existence this contingency is elimi
nated.
Through the operation of the same
rule of the University by which Stan
ford will suffer the loss of its Presi
dent six years hence, several other
members of the faculty will also be
retired at that timp. Among this num
ber are J. C. Branner, vice president
of the University and head of the Ge
ology department, M. B. Anderson of
the English department, O. P. Jenk
ins and W, R. Dudley, professors of
Physiology and Botany, respectively.
The regulation retiring these men
upon reaching the age of sixty-five
years is in universal use in the col
leges and universities of the country
and acts automatically. Prior to the
foundation of the Carnegie Fund, it
was often found to be a hardship to
retire a man immediately upon his
reaching the age mentioned, if he
was in good health and capable of
further work, as is oftimes the case
after a life of service, he might be
penniless. With the pension fund in
existence this contingency is elimi
nated.
Through the operation of the same
rule of the University by which Stan
ford will suffer the loss of its Presi
dent six years hence, several other
members of the faculty will also be
retired at that timp. Among this num
ber are J. C. Branner, vice president
of the University and head of the Ge
ology department, M. B. Anderson of
the English department, O. P. Jenk
ins and W, R. Dudley, professors of
Physiology and Botany, respectively.
The regulation retiring these men
upon reaching the age of sixty-five
years is in universal use in the col
leges and universities of the country
and acts automatically. Prior to the
foundation of the Carnegie Fund, it
was often found to be a hardship to
retire a man immediately upon his
reaching the age mentioned, if he
was in good health and capable of
further work, as is oftimes the case
after a life of service, he might be
penniless. With the pension fund in
existence this contingency is elimi
nated.
Through the operation of the same
rule of the University by which Stan
ford will suffer the loss of its Presi
dent six years hence, several other
members of the faculty will also be
retired at that timp. Among this num
ber are J. C. Branner, vice president
of the University and head of the Ge
ology department, M. B. Anderson of
the English department, O. P. Jenk
ins and W, R. Dudley, professors of
Physiology and Botany, respectively.
The regulation retiring these men
upon reaching the age of sixty-five
years is in universal use in the col
leges and universities of the country
and acts automatically. Prior to the
foundation of the Carnegie Fund, it
was often found to be a hardship to
retire a man immediately upon his
reaching the age mentioned, if he
was in good health and capable of
further work, as is oftimes the case
after a life of service, he might be
penniless. With the pension fund in
existence this contingency is elimi
nated.
Through the operation of the same
rule of the University by which Stan
ford will suffer the loss of its Presi
dent six years hence, several other
members of the faculty will also be
retired at that timp. Among this num
ber are J. C. Branner, vice president
of the University and head of the Ge
ology department, M. B. Anderson of
the English department, O. P. Jenk
ins and W, R. Dudley, professors of
Physiology and Botany, respectively.
The regulation retiring these men
upon reaching the age of sixty-five
years is in universal use in the col
leges and universities of the country
and acts automatically. Prior to the
foundation of the Carnegie Fund, it
was often found to be a hardship to
retire a man immediately upon his
reaching the age mentioned, if he
was in good health and capable of
further work, as is oftimes the case
after a life of service, he might be
penniless. With the pension fund in
existence this contingency is elimi
nated.
Through the operation of the same
rule of the University by which Stan
ford will suffer the loss of its Presi
dent six years hence, several other
members of the faculty will also be
retired at that timp. Among this num
ber are J. C. Branner, vice president
of the University and head of the Ge
ology department, M. B. Anderson of
the English department, O. P. Jenk
ins and W, R. Dudley, professors of
Physiology and Botany, respectively.
The regulation retiring these men
upon reaching the age of sixty-five
years is in universal use in the col
leges and universities of the country
and acts automatically. Prior to the
foundation of the Carnegie Fund, it
was often found to be a hardship to
retire a man immediately upon his
reaching the age mentioned, if he
was in good health and capable of
further work, as is oftimes the case
after a life of service, he might be
penniless. With the pension fund in
existence this contingency is elimi
nated.
Through the operation of the same
rule of the University by which Stan
ford will suffer the loss of its Presi
dent six years hence, several other
members of the faculty will also be
retired at that timp. Among this num
ber are J. C. Branner, vice president
of the University and head of the Ge
ology department, M. B. Anderson of
the English department, O. P. Jenk
ins and W, R. Dudley, professors of
Physiology and Botany, respectively.
The regulation retiring these men
upon reaching the age of sixty-five
years is in universal use in the col
leges and universities of the country
and acts automatically. Prior to the
foundation of the Carnegie Fund, it
was often found to be a hardship to
retire a man immediately upon his
reaching the age mentioned, if he
was in good health and capable of
further work, as is oftimes the case
after a life of service, he might be
penniless. With the pension fund in
existence this contingency is elimi
nated.
Through the operation of the same
rule of the University by which Stan
ford will suffer the loss of its Presi
dent six years hence, several other
members of the faculty will also be
retired at that timp. Among this num
ber are J. C. Branner, vice president
of the University and head of the Ge
ology department, M. B. Anderson of
the English department, O. P. Jenk
ins and W, R. Dudley, professors of
Physiology and Botany, respectively.
The regulation retiring these men
upon reaching the age of sixty-five
years is in universal use in the col
leges and universities of the country
and acts automatically. Prior to the
foundation of the Carnegie Fund, it
was often found to be a hardship to
retire a man immediately upon his
reaching the age mentioned, if he
was in good health and capable of
further work, as is oftimes the case
after a life of service, he might be
penniless. With the pension fund in
existence this contingency is elimi
nated.
