# TENNIS TOURNAMENT PROGRESS
## Play In Third Varsity Try-out Is Nearing Completion 
### 
The ideal weather of the past week
lias enabled the third Varsity tennis
tournament to he terminated rapidly.
Most of the first round and part of the
second round matches have already
been played and by Monday the semi
finals should be reached.
The results of the matches played
are as follows:
First round. — Talboy defeated
Beardslee 6-3, 6-2; Geary defeated
Loud 6-4, 2-6, 6-3; Kennedy defeated
Detrick 6-0, 6-0; Hackett defeated
.Tacobi 1-6. 9-7, 6-3; McDougal de
feated Langfitt 6-2, 6-3; Davis de
feated Lacey by default; Pratt de
feated Reinemann 6-2, 6-3; LaGrange
defeated Fogel 6-0. 3-6 6-1; Pierpont
defeated Collins 6-2. 6-3; Mann de
feated Templeton by default; Jordan
defeated Levy by default; Boyle de
feated Poindexter 6-3, 6-3. Second
round.—Talboy defeated Geary 6-1.
4-6, 6-2; LaOrange defeated Pratt by
default.
The ideal weather of the past week
lias enabled the third Varsity tennis
tournament to he terminated rapidly.
Most of the first round and part of the
second round matches have already
been played and by Monday the semi
finals should be reached.
The results of the matches played
are as follows:
First round. — Talboy defeated
Beardslee 6-3, 6-2; Geary defeated
Loud 6-4, 2-6, 6-3; Kennedy defeated
Detrick 6-0, 6-0; Hackett defeated
.Tacobi 1-6. 9-7, 6-3; McDougal de
feated Langfitt 6-2, 6-3; Davis de
feated Lacey by default; Pratt de
feated Reinemann 6-2, 6-3; LaGrange
defeated Fogel 6-0. 3-6 6-1; Pierpont
defeated Collins 6-2. 6-3; Mann de
feated Templeton by default; Jordan
defeated Levy by default; Boyle de
feated Poindexter 6-3, 6-3. Second
round.—Talboy defeated Geary 6-1.
4-6, 6-2; LaOrange defeated Pratt by
default.
The ideal weather of the past week
lias enabled the third Varsity tennis
tournament to he terminated rapidly.
Most of the first round and part of the
second round matches have already
been played and by Monday the semi
finals should be reached.
The results of the matches played
are as follows:
First round. — Talboy defeated
Beardslee 6-3, 6-2; Geary defeated
Loud 6-4, 2-6, 6-3; Kennedy defeated
Detrick 6-0, 6-0; Hackett defeated
.Tacobi 1-6. 9-7, 6-3; McDougal de
feated Langfitt 6-2, 6-3; Davis de
feated Lacey by default; Pratt de
feated Reinemann 6-2, 6-3; LaGrange
defeated Fogel 6-0. 3-6 6-1; Pierpont
defeated Collins 6-2. 6-3; Mann de
feated Templeton by default; Jordan
defeated Levy by default; Boyle de
feated Poindexter 6-3, 6-3. Second
round.—Talboy defeated Geary 6-1.
4-6, 6-2; LaOrange defeated Pratt by
default.
The ideal weather of the past week
lias enabled the third Varsity tennis
tournament to he terminated rapidly.
Most of the first round and part of the
second round matches have already
been played and by Monday the semi
finals should be reached.
The results of the matches played
are as follows:
First round. — Talboy defeated
Beardslee 6-3, 6-2; Geary defeated
Loud 6-4, 2-6, 6-3; Kennedy defeated
Detrick 6-0, 6-0; Hackett defeated
.Tacobi 1-6. 9-7, 6-3; McDougal de
feated Langfitt 6-2, 6-3; Davis de
feated Lacey by default; Pratt de
feated Reinemann 6-2, 6-3; LaGrange
defeated Fogel 6-0. 3-6 6-1; Pierpont
defeated Collins 6-2. 6-3; Mann de
feated Templeton by default; Jordan
defeated Levy by default; Boyle de
feated Poindexter 6-3, 6-3. Second
round.—Talboy defeated Geary 6-1.
4-6, 6-2; LaOrange defeated Pratt by
default.
The ideal weather of the past week
lias enabled the third Varsity tennis
tournament to he terminated rapidly.
Most of the first round and part of the
second round matches have already
been played and by Monday the semi
finals should be reached.
The results of the matches played
are as follows:
First round. — Talboy defeated
Beardslee 6-3, 6-2; Geary defeated
Loud 6-4, 2-6, 6-3; Kennedy defeated
Detrick 6-0, 6-0; Hackett defeated
.Tacobi 1-6. 9-7, 6-3; McDougal de
feated Langfitt 6-2, 6-3; Davis de
feated Lacey by default; Pratt de
feated Reinemann 6-2, 6-3; LaGrange
defeated Fogel 6-0. 3-6 6-1; Pierpont
defeated Collins 6-2. 6-3; Mann de
feated Templeton by default; Jordan
defeated Levy by default; Boyle de
feated Poindexter 6-3, 6-3. Second
round.—Talboy defeated Geary 6-1.
4-6, 6-2; LaOrange defeated Pratt by
default.
The ideal weather of the past week
lias enabled the third Varsity tennis
tournament to he terminated rapidly.
Most of the first round and part of the
second round matches have already
been played and by Monday the semi
finals should be reached.
The results of the matches played
are as follows:
First round. — Talboy defeated
Beardslee 6-3, 6-2; Geary defeated
Loud 6-4, 2-6, 6-3; Kennedy defeated
Detrick 6-0, 6-0; Hackett defeated
.Tacobi 1-6. 9-7, 6-3; McDougal de
feated Langfitt 6-2, 6-3; Davis de
feated Lacey by default; Pratt de
feated Reinemann 6-2, 6-3; LaGrange
defeated Fogel 6-0. 3-6 6-1; Pierpont
defeated Collins 6-2. 6-3; Mann de
feated Templeton by default; Jordan
defeated Levy by default; Boyle de
feated Poindexter 6-3, 6-3. Second
round.—Talboy defeated Geary 6-1.
4-6, 6-2; LaOrange defeated Pratt by
default.
The ideal weather of the past week
lias enabled the third Varsity tennis
tournament to he terminated rapidly.
Most of the first round and part of the
second round matches have already
been played and by Monday the semi
finals should be reached.
The results of the matches played
are as follows:
First round. — Talboy defeated
Beardslee 6-3, 6-2; Geary defeated
Loud 6-4, 2-6, 6-3; Kennedy defeated
Detrick 6-0, 6-0; Hackett defeated
.Tacobi 1-6. 9-7, 6-3; McDougal de
feated Langfitt 6-2, 6-3; Davis de
feated Lacey by default; Pratt de
feated Reinemann 6-2, 6-3; LaGrange
defeated Fogel 6-0. 3-6 6-1; Pierpont
defeated Collins 6-2. 6-3; Mann de
feated Templeton by default; Jordan
defeated Levy by default; Boyle de
feated Poindexter 6-3, 6-3. Second
round.—Talboy defeated Geary 6-1.
4-6, 6-2; LaOrange defeated Pratt by
default.
The ideal weather of the past week
lias enabled the third Varsity tennis
tournament to he terminated rapidly.
Most of the first round and part of the
second round matches have already
been played and by Monday the semi
finals should be reached.
The results of the matches played
are as follows:
First round. — Talboy defeated
Beardslee 6-3, 6-2; Geary defeated
Loud 6-4, 2-6, 6-3; Kennedy defeated
Detrick 6-0, 6-0; Hackett defeated
.Tacobi 1-6. 9-7, 6-3; McDougal de
feated Langfitt 6-2, 6-3; Davis de
feated Lacey by default; Pratt de
feated Reinemann 6-2, 6-3; LaGrange
defeated Fogel 6-0. 3-6 6-1; Pierpont
defeated Collins 6-2. 6-3; Mann de
feated Templeton by default; Jordan
defeated Levy by default; Boyle de
feated Poindexter 6-3, 6-3. Second
round.—Talboy defeated Geary 6-1.
4-6, 6-2; LaOrange defeated Pratt by
default.
The ideal weather of the past week
lias enabled the third Varsity tennis
tournament to he terminated rapidly.
Most of the first round and part of the
second round matches have already
been played and by Monday the semi
finals should be reached.
The results of the matches played
are as follows:
First round. — Talboy defeated
Beardslee 6-3, 6-2; Geary defeated
Loud 6-4, 2-6, 6-3; Kennedy defeated
Detrick 6-0, 6-0; Hackett defeated
.Tacobi 1-6. 9-7, 6-3; McDougal de
feated Langfitt 6-2, 6-3; Davis de
feated Lacey by default; Pratt de
feated Reinemann 6-2, 6-3; LaGrange
defeated Fogel 6-0. 3-6 6-1; Pierpont
defeated Collins 6-2. 6-3; Mann de
feated Templeton by default; Jordan
defeated Levy by default; Boyle de
feated Poindexter 6-3, 6-3. Second
round.—Talboy defeated Geary 6-1.
4-6, 6-2; LaOrange defeated Pratt by
default.
The ideal weather of the past week
lias enabled the third Varsity tennis
tournament to he terminated rapidly.
Most of the first round and part of the
second round matches have already
been played and by Monday the semi
finals should be reached.
The results of the matches played
are as follows:
First round. — Talboy defeated
Beardslee 6-3, 6-2; Geary defeated
Loud 6-4, 2-6, 6-3; Kennedy defeated
Detrick 6-0, 6-0; Hackett defeated
.Tacobi 1-6. 9-7, 6-3; McDougal de
feated Langfitt 6-2, 6-3; Davis de
feated Lacey by default; Pratt de
feated Reinemann 6-2, 6-3; LaGrange
defeated Fogel 6-0. 3-6 6-1; Pierpont
defeated Collins 6-2. 6-3; Mann de
feated Templeton by default; Jordan
defeated Levy by default; Boyle de
feated Poindexter 6-3, 6-3. Second
round.—Talboy defeated Geary 6-1.
4-6, 6-2; LaOrange defeated Pratt by
default.
The ideal weather of the past week
lias enabled the third Varsity tennis
tournament to he terminated rapidly.
Most of the first round and part of the
second round matches have already
been played and by Monday the semi
finals should be reached.
The results of the matches played
are as follows:
First round. — Talboy defeated
Beardslee 6-3, 6-2; Geary defeated
Loud 6-4, 2-6, 6-3; Kennedy defeated
Detrick 6-0, 6-0; Hackett defeated
.Tacobi 1-6. 9-7, 6-3; McDougal de
feated Langfitt 6-2, 6-3; Davis de
feated Lacey by default; Pratt de
feated Reinemann 6-2, 6-3; LaGrange
defeated Fogel 6-0. 3-6 6-1; Pierpont
defeated Collins 6-2. 6-3; Mann de
feated Templeton by default; Jordan
defeated Levy by default; Boyle de
feated Poindexter 6-3, 6-3. Second
round.—Talboy defeated Geary 6-1.
4-6, 6-2; LaOrange defeated Pratt by
default.
