# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Lelancl Stan
lord University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
prefer.'i uly m: rtw nut la tor tha.ll
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
IP?
- •'—v- .
Doubles and Singles at Coronado
Doubles and Singles at Honolulu
February, 1918,
Won by Wright & Ditson Rackets.
"Yes," the Wright & Ditson
Championship Tennis Balls were
used exclusively in both Tourna
ments.
Championship Balls $5.50 doz.
McLaughlin-Sutton-Davis Cup and
Ward & Wright English strung
$10.50.
Wright & Ditson
Victor Co.
20 Second Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Lelancl Stan
lord University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
prefer.'i uly m: rtw nut la tor tha.ll
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
IP?
- •'—v- .
Doubles and Singles at Coronado
Doubles and Singles at Honolulu
February, 1918,
Won by Wright & Ditson Rackets.
"Yes," the Wright & Ditson
Championship Tennis Balls were
used exclusively in both Tourna
ments.
Championship Balls $5.50 doz.
McLaughlin-Sutton-Davis Cup and
Ward & Wright English strung
$10.50.
Wright & Ditson
Victor Co.
20 Second Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Lelancl Stan
lord University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
prefer.'i uly m: rtw nut la tor tha.ll
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
IP?
- •'—v- .
Doubles and Singles at Coronado
Doubles and Singles at Honolulu
February, 1918,
Won by Wright & Ditson Rackets.
"Yes," the Wright & Ditson
Championship Tennis Balls were
used exclusively in both Tourna
ments.
Championship Balls $5.50 doz.
McLaughlin-Sutton-Davis Cup and
Ward & Wright English strung
$10.50.
Wright & Ditson
Victor Co.
20 Second Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Lelancl Stan
lord University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
prefer.'i uly m: rtw nut la tor tha.ll
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
IP?
- •'—v- .
Doubles and Singles at Coronado
Doubles and Singles at Honolulu
February, 1918,
Won by Wright & Ditson Rackets.
"Yes," the Wright & Ditson
Championship Tennis Balls were
used exclusively in both Tourna
ments.
Championship Balls $5.50 doz.
McLaughlin-Sutton-Davis Cup and
Ward & Wright English strung
$10.50.
Wright & Ditson
Victor Co.
20 Second Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Lelancl Stan
lord University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
prefer.'i uly m: rtw nut la tor tha.ll
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
IP?
- •'—v- .
Doubles and Singles at Coronado
Doubles and Singles at Honolulu
February, 1918,
Won by Wright & Ditson Rackets.
"Yes," the Wright & Ditson
Championship Tennis Balls were
used exclusively in both Tourna
ments.
Championship Balls $5.50 doz.
McLaughlin-Sutton-Davis Cup and
Ward & Wright English strung
$10.50.
Wright & Ditson
Victor Co.
20 Second Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Lelancl Stan
lord University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
prefer.'i uly m: rtw nut la tor tha.ll
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
IP?
- •'—v- .
Doubles and Singles at Coronado
Doubles and Singles at Honolulu
February, 1918,
Won by Wright & Ditson Rackets.
"Yes," the Wright & Ditson
Championship Tennis Balls were
used exclusively in both Tourna
ments.
Championship Balls $5.50 doz.
McLaughlin-Sutton-Davis Cup and
Ward & Wright English strung
$10.50.
Wright & Ditson
Victor Co.
20 Second Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Lelancl Stan
lord University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
prefer.'i uly m: rtw nut la tor tha.ll
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
IP?
- •'—v- .
Doubles and Singles at Coronado
Doubles and Singles at Honolulu
February, 1918,
Won by Wright & Ditson Rackets.
"Yes," the Wright & Ditson
Championship Tennis Balls were
used exclusively in both Tourna
ments.
Championship Balls $5.50 doz.
McLaughlin-Sutton-Davis Cup and
Ward & Wright English strung
$10.50.
Wright & Ditson
Victor Co.
20 Second Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Lelancl Stan
lord University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
prefer.'i uly m: rtw nut la tor tha.ll
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
IP?
- •'—v- .
Doubles and Singles at Coronado
Doubles and Singles at Honolulu
February, 1918,
Won by Wright & Ditson Rackets.
"Yes," the Wright & Ditson
Championship Tennis Balls were
used exclusively in both Tourna
ments.
Championship Balls $5.50 doz.
McLaughlin-Sutton-Davis Cup and
Ward & Wright English strung
$10.50.
Wright & Ditson
Victor Co.
20 Second Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Lelancl Stan
lord University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
prefer.'i uly m: rtw nut la tor tha.ll
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
IP?
- •'—v- .
Doubles and Singles at Coronado
Doubles and Singles at Honolulu
February, 1918,
Won by Wright & Ditson Rackets.
"Yes," the Wright & Ditson
Championship Tennis Balls were
used exclusively in both Tourna
ments.
Championship Balls $5.50 doz.
McLaughlin-Sutton-Davis Cup and
Ward & Wright English strung
$10.50.
Wright & Ditson
Victor Co.
20 Second Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Lelancl Stan
lord University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
prefer.'i uly m: rtw nut la tor tha.ll
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
IP?
- •'—v- .
Doubles and Singles at Coronado
Doubles and Singles at Honolulu
February, 1918,
Won by Wright & Ditson Rackets.
"Yes," the Wright & Ditson
Championship Tennis Balls were
used exclusively in both Tourna
ments.
Championship Balls $5.50 doz.
McLaughlin-Sutton-Davis Cup and
Ward & Wright English strung
$10.50.
Wright & Ditson
Victor Co.
20 Second Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Lelancl Stan
lord University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
prefer.'i uly m: rtw nut la tor tha.ll
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
IP?
- •'—v- .
Doubles and Singles at Coronado
Doubles and Singles at Honolulu
February, 1918,
Won by Wright & Ditson Rackets.
"Yes," the Wright & Ditson
Championship Tennis Balls were
used exclusively in both Tourna
ments.
Championship Balls $5.50 doz.
McLaughlin-Sutton-Davis Cup and
Ward & Wright English strung
$10.50.
Wright & Ditson
Victor Co.
20 Second Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Lelancl Stan
lord University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
prefer.'i uly m: rtw nut la tor tha.ll
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
IP?
- •'—v- .
Doubles and Singles at Coronado
Doubles and Singles at Honolulu
February, 1918,
Won by Wright & Ditson Rackets.
"Yes," the Wright & Ditson
Championship Tennis Balls were
used exclusively in both Tourna
ments.
Championship Balls $5.50 doz.
McLaughlin-Sutton-Davis Cup and
Ward & Wright English strung
$10.50.
Wright & Ditson
Victor Co.
20 Second Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Lelancl Stan
lord University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
prefer.'i uly m: rtw nut la tor tha.ll
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
IP?
- •'—v- .
Doubles and Singles at Coronado
Doubles and Singles at Honolulu
February, 1918,
Won by Wright & Ditson Rackets.
"Yes," the Wright & Ditson
Championship Tennis Balls were
used exclusively in both Tourna
ments.
Championship Balls $5.50 doz.
McLaughlin-Sutton-Davis Cup and
Ward & Wright English strung
$10.50.
Wright & Ditson
Victor Co.
20 Second Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Lelancl Stan
lord University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
prefer.'i uly m: rtw nut la tor tha.ll
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
IP?
- •'—v- .
Doubles and Singles at Coronado
Doubles and Singles at Honolulu
February, 1918,
Won by Wright & Ditson Rackets.
"Yes," the Wright & Ditson
Championship Tennis Balls were
used exclusively in both Tourna
ments.
Championship Balls $5.50 doz.
McLaughlin-Sutton-Davis Cup and
Ward & Wright English strung
$10.50.
Wright & Ditson
Victor Co.
20 Second Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Lelancl Stan
lord University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
prefer.'i uly m: rtw nut la tor tha.ll
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
IP?
- •'—v- .
Doubles and Singles at Coronado
Doubles and Singles at Honolulu
February, 1918,
Won by Wright & Ditson Rackets.
"Yes," the Wright & Ditson
Championship Tennis Balls were
used exclusively in both Tourna
ments.
Championship Balls $5.50 doz.
McLaughlin-Sutton-Davis Cup and
Ward & Wright English strung
$10.50.
Wright & Ditson
Victor Co.
20 Second Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
