# NEXT EXCHANGES TO BE HELD FEBRUARY 23
## 
### 
The second of the sorority exchange
dinners is scheduled for February 23,
according to an announcement made at
a meeting of Pan-Hellenic yesterday
afternoon.
The houses which will exchange are:
Kappa Kappa Gamma and Kappa Alpha
Theta, Pi Beta Phi and Delta Gamma,
Alpha Phi and Gamma Phi Beta, Delta
Delta Delta and Alpha Omicron Pi, Chi
Omega and Sigma Kappa.

The second of the sorority exchange
dinners is scheduled for February 23,
according to an announcement made at
a meeting of Pan-Hellenic yesterday
afternoon.
The houses which will exchange are:
Kappa Kappa Gamma and Kappa Alpha
Theta, Pi Beta Phi and Delta Gamma,
Alpha Phi and Gamma Phi Beta, Delta
Delta Delta and Alpha Omicron Pi, Chi
Omega and Sigma Kappa.

The second of the sorority exchange
dinners is scheduled for February 23,
according to an announcement made at
a meeting of Pan-Hellenic yesterday
afternoon.
The houses which will exchange are:
Kappa Kappa Gamma and Kappa Alpha
Theta, Pi Beta Phi and Delta Gamma,
Alpha Phi and Gamma Phi Beta, Delta
Delta Delta and Alpha Omicron Pi, Chi
Omega and Sigma Kappa.

The second of the sorority exchange
dinners is scheduled for February 23,
according to an announcement made at
a meeting of Pan-Hellenic yesterday
afternoon.
The houses which will exchange are:
Kappa Kappa Gamma and Kappa Alpha
Theta, Pi Beta Phi and Delta Gamma,
Alpha Phi and Gamma Phi Beta, Delta
Delta Delta and Alpha Omicron Pi, Chi
Omega and Sigma Kappa.

The second of the sorority exchange
dinners is scheduled for February 23,
according to an announcement made at
a meeting of Pan-Hellenic yesterday
afternoon.
The houses which will exchange are:
Kappa Kappa Gamma and Kappa Alpha
Theta, Pi Beta Phi and Delta Gamma,
Alpha Phi and Gamma Phi Beta, Delta
Delta Delta and Alpha Omicron Pi, Chi
Omega and Sigma Kappa.

The second of the sorority exchange
dinners is scheduled for February 23,
according to an announcement made at
a meeting of Pan-Hellenic yesterday
afternoon.
The houses which will exchange are:
Kappa Kappa Gamma and Kappa Alpha
Theta, Pi Beta Phi and Delta Gamma,
Alpha Phi and Gamma Phi Beta, Delta
Delta Delta and Alpha Omicron Pi, Chi
Omega and Sigma Kappa.

The second of the sorority exchange
dinners is scheduled for February 23,
according to an announcement made at
a meeting of Pan-Hellenic yesterday
afternoon.
The houses which will exchange are:
Kappa Kappa Gamma and Kappa Alpha
Theta, Pi Beta Phi and Delta Gamma,
Alpha Phi and Gamma Phi Beta, Delta
Delta Delta and Alpha Omicron Pi, Chi
Omega and Sigma Kappa.

The second of the sorority exchange
dinners is scheduled for February 23,
according to an announcement made at
a meeting of Pan-Hellenic yesterday
afternoon.
The houses which will exchange are:
Kappa Kappa Gamma and Kappa Alpha
Theta, Pi Beta Phi and Delta Gamma,
Alpha Phi and Gamma Phi Beta, Delta
Delta Delta and Alpha Omicron Pi, Chi
Omega and Sigma Kappa.

The second of the sorority exchange
dinners is scheduled for February 23,
according to an announcement made at
a meeting of Pan-Hellenic yesterday
afternoon.
The houses which will exchange are:
Kappa Kappa Gamma and Kappa Alpha
Theta, Pi Beta Phi and Delta Gamma,
Alpha Phi and Gamma Phi Beta, Delta
Delta Delta and Alpha Omicron Pi, Chi
Omega and Sigma Kappa.

The second of the sorority exchange
dinners is scheduled for February 23,
according to an announcement made at
a meeting of Pan-Hellenic yesterday
afternoon.
The houses which will exchange are:
Kappa Kappa Gamma and Kappa Alpha
Theta, Pi Beta Phi and Delta Gamma,
Alpha Phi and Gamma Phi Beta, Delta
Delta Delta and Alpha Omicron Pi, Chi
Omega and Sigma Kappa.

The second of the sorority exchange
dinners is scheduled for February 23,
according to an announcement made at
a meeting of Pan-Hellenic yesterday
afternoon.
The houses which will exchange are:
Kappa Kappa Gamma and Kappa Alpha
Theta, Pi Beta Phi and Delta Gamma,
Alpha Phi and Gamma Phi Beta, Delta
Delta Delta and Alpha Omicron Pi, Chi
Omega and Sigma Kappa.

The second of the sorority exchange
dinners is scheduled for February 23,
according to an announcement made at
a meeting of Pan-Hellenic yesterday
afternoon.
The houses which will exchange are:
Kappa Kappa Gamma and Kappa Alpha
Theta, Pi Beta Phi and Delta Gamma,
Alpha Phi and Gamma Phi Beta, Delta
Delta Delta and Alpha Omicron Pi, Chi
Omega and Sigma Kappa.

The second of the sorority exchange
dinners is scheduled for February 23,
according to an announcement made at
a meeting of Pan-Hellenic yesterday
afternoon.
The houses which will exchange are:
Kappa Kappa Gamma and Kappa Alpha
Theta, Pi Beta Phi and Delta Gamma,
Alpha Phi and Gamma Phi Beta, Delta
Delta Delta and Alpha Omicron Pi, Chi
Omega and Sigma Kappa.

