# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Twelve new tombs have been
found by the Harvard expedition
in Egypt.
Twelve new tombs have been
found by the Harvard expedition
in Egypt.
Twelve new tombs have been
found by the Harvard expedition
in Egypt.
Twelve new tombs have been
found by the Harvard expedition
in Egypt.
Twelve new tombs have been
found by the Harvard expedition
in Egypt.
Twelve new tombs have been
found by the Harvard expedition
in Egypt.
Twelve new tombs have been
found by the Harvard expedition
in Egypt.
Twelve new tombs have been
found by the Harvard expedition
in Egypt.
Twelve new tombs have been
found by the Harvard expedition
in Egypt.
Twelve new tombs have been
found by the Harvard expedition
in Egypt.
Twelve new tombs have been
found by the Harvard expedition
in Egypt.
Twelve new tombs have been
found by the Harvard expedition
in Egypt.
Twelve new tombs have been
found by the Harvard expedition
in Egypt.
Twelve new tombs have been
found by the Harvard expedition
in Egypt.
Twelve new tombs have been
found by the Harvard expedition
in Egypt.
