# Cosmopolitan Clubs Meet
## 
### 
With a program varying from an
illustrated talk on Brazil to English
folk songs and Japanese flute play
ing, the mens' and womens' Cosmo
politan Clubs were entertained last
night at the home of Professor and
Mrs. H. C. Brown. Radio-opticon views
were used by J. B. Watson, Y. M. C. A.
secretary, in describing the charac
teristics and customs of the Brazilians
and in telling of his work and ex
periences among them.
K. Gagos, '17, dressed in the native
costume of an English fisherman, ren
dered several English folk songs, and
T. Takata, '18, playeda number of
selections on a Japanese flute. There
are now approximately thirty-five ac
tive members of the men's Cosmopol
itan Club, and fifteen of the women's.
It is planned to hold a joint meeting
of the two at least once a month.
