# Willis Can't Meet Popular Demand For Earthquake
## 
### 
Campus rumor has it that
l)r: Bailey Willis, Professor of
Geology Emeritus, who has
successfully predicted several
earthquakes, including the one
early Tuesday morning, has
scheduled a large one for today.
Flat denial was not given the
rumor. However, when inter
viewed yesterday afternoon,
Professor Willis said that he
"had no earthquakes handy."
Campus rumor has it that
l)r: Bailey Willis, Professor of
Geology Emeritus, who has
successfully predicted several
earthquakes, including the one
early Tuesday morning, has
scheduled a large one for today.
Flat denial was not given the
rumor. However, when inter
viewed yesterday afternoon,
Professor Willis said that he
"had no earthquakes handy."
Campus rumor has it that
l)r: Bailey Willis, Professor of
Geology Emeritus, who has
successfully predicted several
earthquakes, including the one
early Tuesday morning, has
scheduled a large one for today.
Flat denial was not given the
rumor. However, when inter
viewed yesterday afternoon,
Professor Willis said that he
"had no earthquakes handy."
Campus rumor has it that
l)r: Bailey Willis, Professor of
Geology Emeritus, who has
successfully predicted several
earthquakes, including the one
early Tuesday morning, has
scheduled a large one for today.
Flat denial was not given the
rumor. However, when inter
viewed yesterday afternoon,
Professor Willis said that he
"had no earthquakes handy."
Campus rumor has it that
l)r: Bailey Willis, Professor of
Geology Emeritus, who has
successfully predicted several
earthquakes, including the one
early Tuesday morning, has
scheduled a large one for today.
Flat denial was not given the
rumor. However, when inter
viewed yesterday afternoon,
Professor Willis said that he
"had no earthquakes handy."
Campus rumor has it that
l)r: Bailey Willis, Professor of
Geology Emeritus, who has
successfully predicted several
earthquakes, including the one
early Tuesday morning, has
scheduled a large one for today.
Flat denial was not given the
rumor. However, when inter
viewed yesterday afternoon,
Professor Willis said that he
"had no earthquakes handy."
Campus rumor has it that
l)r: Bailey Willis, Professor of
Geology Emeritus, who has
successfully predicted several
earthquakes, including the one
early Tuesday morning, has
scheduled a large one for today.
Flat denial was not given the
rumor. However, when inter
viewed yesterday afternoon,
Professor Willis said that he
"had no earthquakes handy."
Campus rumor has it that
l)r: Bailey Willis, Professor of
Geology Emeritus, who has
successfully predicted several
earthquakes, including the one
early Tuesday morning, has
scheduled a large one for today.
Flat denial was not given the
rumor. However, when inter
viewed yesterday afternoon,
Professor Willis said that he
"had no earthquakes handy."
Campus rumor has it that
l)r: Bailey Willis, Professor of
Geology Emeritus, who has
successfully predicted several
earthquakes, including the one
early Tuesday morning, has
scheduled a large one for today.
Flat denial was not given the
rumor. However, when inter
viewed yesterday afternoon,
Professor Willis said that he
"had no earthquakes handy."
Campus rumor has it that
l)r: Bailey Willis, Professor of
Geology Emeritus, who has
successfully predicted several
earthquakes, including the one
early Tuesday morning, has
scheduled a large one for today.
Flat denial was not given the
rumor. However, when inter
viewed yesterday afternoon,
Professor Willis said that he
"had no earthquakes handy."
Campus rumor has it that
l)r: Bailey Willis, Professor of
Geology Emeritus, who has
successfully predicted several
earthquakes, including the one
early Tuesday morning, has
scheduled a large one for today.
Flat denial was not given the
rumor. However, when inter
viewed yesterday afternoon,
Professor Willis said that he
"had no earthquakes handy."
Campus rumor has it that
l)r: Bailey Willis, Professor of
Geology Emeritus, who has
successfully predicted several
earthquakes, including the one
early Tuesday morning, has
scheduled a large one for today.
Flat denial was not given the
rumor. However, when inter
viewed yesterday afternoon,
Professor Willis said that he
"had no earthquakes handy."
Campus rumor has it that
l)r: Bailey Willis, Professor of
Geology Emeritus, who has
successfully predicted several
earthquakes, including the one
early Tuesday morning, has
scheduled a large one for today.
Flat denial was not given the
rumor. However, when inter
viewed yesterday afternoon,
Professor Willis said that he
"had no earthquakes handy."
Campus rumor has it that
l)r: Bailey Willis, Professor of
Geology Emeritus, who has
successfully predicted several
earthquakes, including the one
early Tuesday morning, has
scheduled a large one for today.
Flat denial was not given the
rumor. However, when inter
viewed yesterday afternoon,
Professor Willis said that he
"had no earthquakes handy."
