# George Lott May Not Try For U.S. Davis Cup Team
## 
### 
CHICAGO, May 6. (/P) —George Lott,
third ranking American tennis player,
is more eager to concentrate on
studies at the University of Chicago
than to become a member of the 1929
United States Davis Cup team. Lott
said today he would not play against
Canada in the first American zone
tests at Montreal May 16-17-18, unless
other members of the squad are un
able to play.
CHICAGO, May 6. (/P) —George Lott,
third ranking American tennis player,
is more eager to concentrate on
studies at the University of Chicago
than to become a member of the 1929
United States Davis Cup team. Lott
said today he would not play against
Canada in the first American zone
tests at Montreal May 16-17-18, unless
other members of the squad are un
able to play.
CHICAGO, May 6. (/P) —George Lott,
third ranking American tennis player,
is more eager to concentrate on
studies at the University of Chicago
than to become a member of the 1929
United States Davis Cup team. Lott
said today he would not play against
Canada in the first American zone
tests at Montreal May 16-17-18, unless
other members of the squad are un
able to play.
CHICAGO, May 6. (/P) —George Lott,
third ranking American tennis player,
is more eager to concentrate on
studies at the University of Chicago
than to become a member of the 1929
United States Davis Cup team. Lott
said today he would not play against
Canada in the first American zone
tests at Montreal May 16-17-18, unless
other members of the squad are un
able to play.
CHICAGO, May 6. (/P) —George Lott,
third ranking American tennis player,
is more eager to concentrate on
studies at the University of Chicago
than to become a member of the 1929
United States Davis Cup team. Lott
said today he would not play against
Canada in the first American zone
tests at Montreal May 16-17-18, unless
other members of the squad are un
able to play.
CHICAGO, May 6. (/P) —George Lott,
third ranking American tennis player,
is more eager to concentrate on
studies at the University of Chicago
than to become a member of the 1929
United States Davis Cup team. Lott
said today he would not play against
Canada in the first American zone
tests at Montreal May 16-17-18, unless
other members of the squad are un
able to play.
CHICAGO, May 6. (/P) —George Lott,
third ranking American tennis player,
is more eager to concentrate on
studies at the University of Chicago
than to become a member of the 1929
United States Davis Cup team. Lott
said today he would not play against
Canada in the first American zone
tests at Montreal May 16-17-18, unless
other members of the squad are un
able to play.
CHICAGO, May 6. (/P) —George Lott,
third ranking American tennis player,
is more eager to concentrate on
studies at the University of Chicago
than to become a member of the 1929
United States Davis Cup team. Lott
said today he would not play against
Canada in the first American zone
tests at Montreal May 16-17-18, unless
other members of the squad are un
able to play.
CHICAGO, May 6. (/P) —George Lott,
third ranking American tennis player,
is more eager to concentrate on
studies at the University of Chicago
than to become a member of the 1929
United States Davis Cup team. Lott
said today he would not play against
Canada in the first American zone
tests at Montreal May 16-17-18, unless
other members of the squad are un
able to play.
CHICAGO, May 6. (/P) —George Lott,
third ranking American tennis player,
is more eager to concentrate on
studies at the University of Chicago
than to become a member of the 1929
United States Davis Cup team. Lott
said today he would not play against
Canada in the first American zone
tests at Montreal May 16-17-18, unless
other members of the squad are un
able to play.
CHICAGO, May 6. (/P) —George Lott,
third ranking American tennis player,
is more eager to concentrate on
studies at the University of Chicago
than to become a member of the 1929
United States Davis Cup team. Lott
said today he would not play against
Canada in the first American zone
tests at Montreal May 16-17-18, unless
other members of the squad are un
able to play.
CHICAGO, May 6. (/P) —George Lott,
third ranking American tennis player,
is more eager to concentrate on
studies at the University of Chicago
than to become a member of the 1929
United States Davis Cup team. Lott
said today he would not play against
Canada in the first American zone
tests at Montreal May 16-17-18, unless
other members of the squad are un
able to play.
CHICAGO, May 6. (/P) —George Lott,
third ranking American tennis player,
is more eager to concentrate on
studies at the University of Chicago
than to become a member of the 1929
United States Davis Cup team. Lott
said today he would not play against
Canada in the first American zone
tests at Montreal May 16-17-18, unless
other members of the squad are un
able to play.
CHICAGO, May 6. (/P) —George Lott,
third ranking American tennis player,
is more eager to concentrate on
studies at the University of Chicago
than to become a member of the 1929
United States Davis Cup team. Lott
said today he would not play against
Canada in the first American zone
tests at Montreal May 16-17-18, unless
other members of the squad are un
able to play.
CHICAGO, May 6. (/P) —George Lott,
third ranking American tennis player,
is more eager to concentrate on
studies at the University of Chicago
than to become a member of the 1929
United States Davis Cup team. Lott
said today he would not play against
Canada in the first American zone
tests at Montreal May 16-17-18, unless
other members of the squad are un
able to play.
CHICAGO, May 6. (/P) —George Lott,
third ranking American tennis player,
is more eager to concentrate on
studies at the University of Chicago
than to become a member of the 1929
United States Davis Cup team. Lott
said today he would not play against
Canada in the first American zone
tests at Montreal May 16-17-18, unless
other members of the squad are un
able to play.
