# New Librarian
## 
### 
Robert Goiter, who has been
librarian of Wheaton College
since 1958, has accepted the po
sition of Assistant Director of
University Libraries and Librar
ian of the J. Henry Meyer Me
morial Library at Stanford ef
fective on or about October 1.
Goiter received his under
graduate training at Wheaton
College, and his Master of Li
brary Science degree from the
University of Southern Califor
nia. He was a reference librari
an at the Pasadena Public Li
brary, and reference and circu
lation librarian at Wheaton Col
lege before becoming head li
brarian there.
He serves as a consultant in
research information to the Sun
beam Corporation and teaches
bibliography of the sciences at
the Rosary College Graduate
School of Library Science in
River Forest, Illinois.
He has served as President of
LIBRAS, an association of eight
college libraries organized to
share resources, and during
1966-67 was chairman of the Col
lege and Research Libraries Sec
tion, Illinois Library Associa
tion. He is a member of the
ACRL Legislative Committee
and of the Illinois State Library
Advisory Council on Library De
velopment. Goiter served in the
Air Force from 1946-49. He is
married and has seven children.
