# ROTC Credit
## 
### 
Academic credit should not be
given for any activities offered
by military science departments
at Stanford, a position paper
Wednesday to mem
bers of the Academic Senate
suggests.

Tlie pa|M'r was prepared by
Assistant Prof. Joseph D. Sneed,
philosophy; Assistant Prof.
Anne T. Kostelanetz, English;
Assistant Prof. Bradley Efron,
statistics; and Prof. John D. Go
lieen philosophy.
Academic credit should not be
given for any activities offered
by military science departments
at Stanford, a position paper
Wednesday to mem
bers of the Academic Senate
suggests.

Tlie pa|M'r was prepared by
Assistant Prof. Joseph D. Sneed,
philosophy; Assistant Prof.
Anne T. Kostelanetz, English;
Assistant Prof. Bradley Efron,
statistics; and Prof. John D. Go
lieen philosophy.
Academic credit should not be
given for any activities offered
by military science departments
at Stanford, a position paper
Wednesday to mem
bers of the Academic Senate
suggests.

Tlie pa|M'r was prepared by
Assistant Prof. Joseph D. Sneed,
philosophy; Assistant Prof.
Anne T. Kostelanetz, English;
Assistant Prof. Bradley Efron,
statistics; and Prof. John D. Go
lieen philosophy.
Academic credit should not be
given for any activities offered
by military science departments
at Stanford, a position paper
Wednesday to mem
bers of the Academic Senate
suggests.

Tlie pa|M'r was prepared by
Assistant Prof. Joseph D. Sneed,
philosophy; Assistant Prof.
Anne T. Kostelanetz, English;
Assistant Prof. Bradley Efron,
statistics; and Prof. John D. Go
lieen philosophy.
Academic credit should not be
given for any activities offered
by military science departments
at Stanford, a position paper
Wednesday to mem
bers of the Academic Senate
suggests.

Tlie pa|M'r was prepared by
Assistant Prof. Joseph D. Sneed,
philosophy; Assistant Prof.
Anne T. Kostelanetz, English;
Assistant Prof. Bradley Efron,
statistics; and Prof. John D. Go
lieen philosophy.
Academic credit should not be
given for any activities offered
by military science departments
at Stanford, a position paper
Wednesday to mem
bers of the Academic Senate
suggests.

Tlie pa|M'r was prepared by
Assistant Prof. Joseph D. Sneed,
philosophy; Assistant Prof.
Anne T. Kostelanetz, English;
Assistant Prof. Bradley Efron,
statistics; and Prof. John D. Go
lieen philosophy.
Academic credit should not be
given for any activities offered
by military science departments
at Stanford, a position paper
Wednesday to mem
bers of the Academic Senate
suggests.

Tlie pa|M'r was prepared by
Assistant Prof. Joseph D. Sneed,
philosophy; Assistant Prof.
Anne T. Kostelanetz, English;
Assistant Prof. Bradley Efron,
statistics; and Prof. John D. Go
lieen philosophy.
Academic credit should not be
given for any activities offered
by military science departments
at Stanford, a position paper
Wednesday to mem
bers of the Academic Senate
suggests.

Tlie pa|M'r was prepared by
Assistant Prof. Joseph D. Sneed,
philosophy; Assistant Prof.
Anne T. Kostelanetz, English;
Assistant Prof. Bradley Efron,
statistics; and Prof. John D. Go
lieen philosophy.
Academic credit should not be
given for any activities offered
by military science departments
at Stanford, a position paper
Wednesday to mem
bers of the Academic Senate
suggests.

Tlie pa|M'r was prepared by
Assistant Prof. Joseph D. Sneed,
philosophy; Assistant Prof.
Anne T. Kostelanetz, English;
Assistant Prof. Bradley Efron,
statistics; and Prof. John D. Go
lieen philosophy.
Academic credit should not be
given for any activities offered
by military science departments
at Stanford, a position paper
Wednesday to mem
bers of the Academic Senate
suggests.

Tlie pa|M'r was prepared by
Assistant Prof. Joseph D. Sneed,
philosophy; Assistant Prof.
Anne T. Kostelanetz, English;
Assistant Prof. Bradley Efron,
statistics; and Prof. John D. Go
lieen philosophy.
Academic credit should not be
given for any activities offered
by military science departments
at Stanford, a position paper
Wednesday to mem
bers of the Academic Senate
suggests.

Tlie pa|M'r was prepared by
Assistant Prof. Joseph D. Sneed,
philosophy; Assistant Prof.
Anne T. Kostelanetz, English;
Assistant Prof. Bradley Efron,
statistics; and Prof. John D. Go
lieen philosophy.
Academic credit should not be
given for any activities offered
by military science departments
at Stanford, a position paper
Wednesday to mem
bers of the Academic Senate
suggests.

Tlie pa|M'r was prepared by
Assistant Prof. Joseph D. Sneed,
philosophy; Assistant Prof.
Anne T. Kostelanetz, English;
Assistant Prof. Bradley Efron,
statistics; and Prof. John D. Go
lieen philosophy.
Academic credit should not be
given for any activities offered
by military science departments
at Stanford, a position paper
Wednesday to mem
bers of the Academic Senate
suggests.

Tlie pa|M'r was prepared by
Assistant Prof. Joseph D. Sneed,
philosophy; Assistant Prof.
Anne T. Kostelanetz, English;
Assistant Prof. Bradley Efron,
statistics; and Prof. John D. Go
lieen philosophy.
Academic credit should not be
given for any activities offered
by military science departments
at Stanford, a position paper
Wednesday to mem
bers of the Academic Senate
suggests.

Tlie pa|M'r was prepared by
Assistant Prof. Joseph D. Sneed,
philosophy; Assistant Prof.
Anne T. Kostelanetz, English;
Assistant Prof. Bradley Efron,
statistics; and Prof. John D. Go
lieen philosophy.
