# Plaza Drama
## Free U Rally 
### 
The Midpcninsula Free Uni
versity (MFUi will hold another
of "coffee-house of the streets"
tonight at Lytton Plaza in Palo
Alto in order to dramatize its
search for a permanent commu
nity center.
The MFU is an organization
composed of Stanford students,
members of the faculty, and
members of the local community
who sponsor courses on any
topic. In the past, classes have
ranged from calligraphy to
touring rock bands has been held
the last several weeks at the
plaza to protest the alleged
breaking of an agreement to
lease a building for a commu
nity center by the lessor.
According to Robert Cullen
bine of the MFU, the Free U
signed an agreement with the
owner of the building at 205
Hamilton Street granting the
first rights to lease the building.

He claims that the lessor then
leased the building to another
person.
Cullenbine said that the MFU
wants to establish a "coffee
house and creative multimedia
arts center and artists' and
craftsmen's cooperative" at the
Hamilton Street site.
The coffeehouse has been held
at Lytton Plaza, a private plaza
on University Avenue. The own
ers of the plaza have asked the
MFU not to use its land for the
gatherings. They have not how
ever filed trespassing complaint
with the police.
The first coffeehouse was held
at the Hamilton Street prop
erty and at two other locations.
The police ejected the people
who took over the property.
Tonight's gathering will be
smaller than those in previous
weeks. Only one band will play
in order to allow time for dis-
The Midpcninsula Free Uni
versity (MFUi will hold another
of "coffee-house of the streets"
tonight at Lytton Plaza in Palo
Alto in order to dramatize its
search for a permanent commu
nity center.
The MFU is an organization
composed of Stanford students,
members of the faculty, and
members of the local community
who sponsor courses on any
topic. In the past, classes have
ranged from calligraphy to
touring rock bands has been held
the last several weeks at the
plaza to protest the alleged
breaking of an agreement to
lease a building for a commu
nity center by the lessor.
According to Robert Cullen
bine of the MFU, the Free U
signed an agreement with the
owner of the building at 205
Hamilton Street granting the
first rights to lease the building.

He claims that the lessor then
leased the building to another
person.
Cullenbine said that the MFU
wants to establish a "coffee
house and creative multimedia
arts center and artists' and
craftsmen's cooperative" at the
Hamilton Street site.
The coffeehouse has been held
at Lytton Plaza, a private plaza
on University Avenue. The own
ers of the plaza have asked the
MFU not to use its land for the
gatherings. They have not how
ever filed trespassing complaint
with the police.
The first coffeehouse was held
at the Hamilton Street prop
erty and at two other locations.
The police ejected the people
who took over the property.
Tonight's gathering will be
smaller than those in previous
weeks. Only one band will play
in order to allow time for dis-
The Midpcninsula Free Uni
versity (MFUi will hold another
of "coffee-house of the streets"
tonight at Lytton Plaza in Palo
Alto in order to dramatize its
search for a permanent commu
nity center.
The MFU is an organization
composed of Stanford students,
members of the faculty, and
members of the local community
who sponsor courses on any
topic. In the past, classes have
ranged from calligraphy to
touring rock bands has been held
the last several weeks at the
plaza to protest the alleged
breaking of an agreement to
lease a building for a commu
nity center by the lessor.
According to Robert Cullen
bine of the MFU, the Free U
signed an agreement with the
owner of the building at 205
Hamilton Street granting the
first rights to lease the building.

He claims that the lessor then
leased the building to another
person.
Cullenbine said that the MFU
wants to establish a "coffee
house and creative multimedia
arts center and artists' and
craftsmen's cooperative" at the
Hamilton Street site.
The coffeehouse has been held
at Lytton Plaza, a private plaza
on University Avenue. The own
ers of the plaza have asked the
MFU not to use its land for the
gatherings. They have not how
ever filed trespassing complaint
with the police.
The first coffeehouse was held
at the Hamilton Street prop
erty and at two other locations.
The police ejected the people
who took over the property.
Tonight's gathering will be
smaller than those in previous
weeks. Only one band will play
in order to allow time for dis-
The Midpcninsula Free Uni
versity (MFUi will hold another
of "coffee-house of the streets"
tonight at Lytton Plaza in Palo
Alto in order to dramatize its
search for a permanent commu
nity center.
The MFU is an organization
composed of Stanford students,
members of the faculty, and
members of the local community
who sponsor courses on any
topic. In the past, classes have
ranged from calligraphy to
touring rock bands has been held
the last several weeks at the
plaza to protest the alleged
breaking of an agreement to
lease a building for a commu
nity center by the lessor.
According to Robert Cullen
bine of the MFU, the Free U
signed an agreement with the
owner of the building at 205
Hamilton Street granting the
first rights to lease the building.

He claims that the lessor then
leased the building to another
person.
Cullenbine said that the MFU
wants to establish a "coffee
house and creative multimedia
arts center and artists' and
craftsmen's cooperative" at the
Hamilton Street site.
The coffeehouse has been held
at Lytton Plaza, a private plaza
on University Avenue. The own
ers of the plaza have asked the
MFU not to use its land for the
gatherings. They have not how
ever filed trespassing complaint
with the police.
The first coffeehouse was held
at the Hamilton Street prop
erty and at two other locations.
The police ejected the people
who took over the property.
Tonight's gathering will be
smaller than those in previous
weeks. Only one band will play
in order to allow time for dis-
The Midpcninsula Free Uni
versity (MFUi will hold another
of "coffee-house of the streets"
tonight at Lytton Plaza in Palo
Alto in order to dramatize its
search for a permanent commu
nity center.
The MFU is an organization
composed of Stanford students,
members of the faculty, and
members of the local community
who sponsor courses on any
topic. In the past, classes have
ranged from calligraphy to
touring rock bands has been held
the last several weeks at the
plaza to protest the alleged
breaking of an agreement to
lease a building for a commu
nity center by the lessor.
According to Robert Cullen
bine of the MFU, the Free U
signed an agreement with the
owner of the building at 205
Hamilton Street granting the
first rights to lease the building.

He claims that the lessor then
leased the building to another
person.
Cullenbine said that the MFU
wants to establish a "coffee
house and creative multimedia
arts center and artists' and
craftsmen's cooperative" at the
Hamilton Street site.
The coffeehouse has been held
at Lytton Plaza, a private plaza
on University Avenue. The own
ers of the plaza have asked the
MFU not to use its land for the
gatherings. They have not how
ever filed trespassing complaint
with the police.
The first coffeehouse was held
at the Hamilton Street prop
erty and at two other locations.
The police ejected the people
who took over the property.
Tonight's gathering will be
smaller than those in previous
weeks. Only one band will play
in order to allow time for dis-
The Midpcninsula Free Uni
versity (MFUi will hold another
of "coffee-house of the streets"
tonight at Lytton Plaza in Palo
Alto in order to dramatize its
search for a permanent commu
nity center.
The MFU is an organization
composed of Stanford students,
members of the faculty, and
members of the local community
who sponsor courses on any
topic. In the past, classes have
ranged from calligraphy to
touring rock bands has been held
the last several weeks at the
plaza to protest the alleged
breaking of an agreement to
lease a building for a commu
nity center by the lessor.
According to Robert Cullen
bine of the MFU, the Free U
signed an agreement with the
owner of the building at 205
Hamilton Street granting the
first rights to lease the building.

He claims that the lessor then
leased the building to another
person.
Cullenbine said that the MFU
wants to establish a "coffee
house and creative multimedia
arts center and artists' and
craftsmen's cooperative" at the
Hamilton Street site.
The coffeehouse has been held
at Lytton Plaza, a private plaza
on University Avenue. The own
ers of the plaza have asked the
MFU not to use its land for the
gatherings. They have not how
ever filed trespassing complaint
with the police.
The first coffeehouse was held
at the Hamilton Street prop
erty and at two other locations.
The police ejected the people
who took over the property.
Tonight's gathering will be
smaller than those in previous
weeks. Only one band will play
in order to allow time for dis-
The Midpcninsula Free Uni
versity (MFUi will hold another
of "coffee-house of the streets"
tonight at Lytton Plaza in Palo
Alto in order to dramatize its
search for a permanent commu
nity center.
The MFU is an organization
composed of Stanford students,
members of the faculty, and
members of the local community
who sponsor courses on any
topic. In the past, classes have
ranged from calligraphy to
touring rock bands has been held
the last several weeks at the
plaza to protest the alleged
breaking of an agreement to
lease a building for a commu
nity center by the lessor.
According to Robert Cullen
bine of the MFU, the Free U
signed an agreement with the
owner of the building at 205
Hamilton Street granting the
first rights to lease the building.

He claims that the lessor then
leased the building to another
person.
Cullenbine said that the MFU
wants to establish a "coffee
house and creative multimedia
arts center and artists' and
craftsmen's cooperative" at the
Hamilton Street site.
The coffeehouse has been held
at Lytton Plaza, a private plaza
on University Avenue. The own
ers of the plaza have asked the
MFU not to use its land for the
gatherings. They have not how
ever filed trespassing complaint
with the police.
The first coffeehouse was held
at the Hamilton Street prop
erty and at two other locations.
The police ejected the people
who took over the property.
Tonight's gathering will be
smaller than those in previous
weeks. Only one band will play
in order to allow time for dis-
The Midpcninsula Free Uni
versity (MFUi will hold another
of "coffee-house of the streets"
tonight at Lytton Plaza in Palo
Alto in order to dramatize its
search for a permanent commu
nity center.
The MFU is an organization
composed of Stanford students,
members of the faculty, and
members of the local community
who sponsor courses on any
topic. In the past, classes have
ranged from calligraphy to
touring rock bands has been held
the last several weeks at the
plaza to protest the alleged
breaking of an agreement to
lease a building for a commu
nity center by the lessor.
According to Robert Cullen
bine of the MFU, the Free U
signed an agreement with the
owner of the building at 205
Hamilton Street granting the
first rights to lease the building.

He claims that the lessor then
leased the building to another
person.
Cullenbine said that the MFU
wants to establish a "coffee
house and creative multimedia
arts center and artists' and
craftsmen's cooperative" at the
Hamilton Street site.
The coffeehouse has been held
at Lytton Plaza, a private plaza
on University Avenue. The own
ers of the plaza have asked the
MFU not to use its land for the
gatherings. They have not how
ever filed trespassing complaint
with the police.
The first coffeehouse was held
at the Hamilton Street prop
erty and at two other locations.
The police ejected the people
who took over the property.
Tonight's gathering will be
smaller than those in previous
weeks. Only one band will play
in order to allow time for dis-
The Midpcninsula Free Uni
versity (MFUi will hold another
of "coffee-house of the streets"
tonight at Lytton Plaza in Palo
Alto in order to dramatize its
search for a permanent commu
nity center.
The MFU is an organization
composed of Stanford students,
members of the faculty, and
members of the local community
who sponsor courses on any
topic. In the past, classes have
ranged from calligraphy to
touring rock bands has been held
the last several weeks at the
plaza to protest the alleged
breaking of an agreement to
lease a building for a commu
nity center by the lessor.
According to Robert Cullen
bine of the MFU, the Free U
signed an agreement with the
owner of the building at 205
Hamilton Street granting the
first rights to lease the building.

He claims that the lessor then
leased the building to another
person.
Cullenbine said that the MFU
wants to establish a "coffee
house and creative multimedia
arts center and artists' and
craftsmen's cooperative" at the
Hamilton Street site.
The coffeehouse has been held
at Lytton Plaza, a private plaza
on University Avenue. The own
ers of the plaza have asked the
MFU not to use its land for the
gatherings. They have not how
ever filed trespassing complaint
with the police.
The first coffeehouse was held
at the Hamilton Street prop
erty and at two other locations.
The police ejected the people
who took over the property.
Tonight's gathering will be
smaller than those in previous
weeks. Only one band will play
in order to allow time for dis-
The Midpcninsula Free Uni
versity (MFUi will hold another
of "coffee-house of the streets"
tonight at Lytton Plaza in Palo
Alto in order to dramatize its
search for a permanent commu
nity center.
The MFU is an organization
composed of Stanford students,
members of the faculty, and
members of the local community
who sponsor courses on any
topic. In the past, classes have
ranged from calligraphy to
touring rock bands has been held
the last several weeks at the
plaza to protest the alleged
breaking of an agreement to
lease a building for a commu
nity center by the lessor.
According to Robert Cullen
bine of the MFU, the Free U
signed an agreement with the
owner of the building at 205
Hamilton Street granting the
first rights to lease the building.

He claims that the lessor then
leased the building to another
person.
Cullenbine said that the MFU
wants to establish a "coffee
house and creative multimedia
arts center and artists' and
craftsmen's cooperative" at the
Hamilton Street site.
The coffeehouse has been held
at Lytton Plaza, a private plaza
on University Avenue. The own
ers of the plaza have asked the
MFU not to use its land for the
gatherings. They have not how
ever filed trespassing complaint
with the police.
The first coffeehouse was held
at the Hamilton Street prop
erty and at two other locations.
The police ejected the people
who took over the property.
Tonight's gathering will be
smaller than those in previous
weeks. Only one band will play
in order to allow time for dis-
The Midpcninsula Free Uni
versity (MFUi will hold another
of "coffee-house of the streets"
tonight at Lytton Plaza in Palo
Alto in order to dramatize its
search for a permanent commu
nity center.
The MFU is an organization
composed of Stanford students,
members of the faculty, and
members of the local community
who sponsor courses on any
topic. In the past, classes have
ranged from calligraphy to
touring rock bands has been held
the last several weeks at the
plaza to protest the alleged
breaking of an agreement to
lease a building for a commu
nity center by the lessor.
According to Robert Cullen
bine of the MFU, the Free U
signed an agreement with the
owner of the building at 205
Hamilton Street granting the
first rights to lease the building.

He claims that the lessor then
leased the building to another
person.
Cullenbine said that the MFU
wants to establish a "coffee
house and creative multimedia
arts center and artists' and
craftsmen's cooperative" at the
Hamilton Street site.
The coffeehouse has been held
at Lytton Plaza, a private plaza
on University Avenue. The own
ers of the plaza have asked the
MFU not to use its land for the
gatherings. They have not how
ever filed trespassing complaint
with the police.
The first coffeehouse was held
at the Hamilton Street prop
erty and at two other locations.
The police ejected the people
who took over the property.
Tonight's gathering will be
smaller than those in previous
weeks. Only one band will play
in order to allow time for dis-
The Midpcninsula Free Uni
versity (MFUi will hold another
of "coffee-house of the streets"
tonight at Lytton Plaza in Palo
Alto in order to dramatize its
search for a permanent commu
nity center.
The MFU is an organization
composed of Stanford students,
members of the faculty, and
members of the local community
who sponsor courses on any
topic. In the past, classes have
ranged from calligraphy to
touring rock bands has been held
the last several weeks at the
plaza to protest the alleged
breaking of an agreement to
lease a building for a commu
nity center by the lessor.
According to Robert Cullen
bine of the MFU, the Free U
signed an agreement with the
owner of the building at 205
Hamilton Street granting the
first rights to lease the building.

He claims that the lessor then
leased the building to another
person.
Cullenbine said that the MFU
wants to establish a "coffee
house and creative multimedia
arts center and artists' and
craftsmen's cooperative" at the
Hamilton Street site.
The coffeehouse has been held
at Lytton Plaza, a private plaza
on University Avenue. The own
ers of the plaza have asked the
MFU not to use its land for the
gatherings. They have not how
ever filed trespassing complaint
with the police.
The first coffeehouse was held
at the Hamilton Street prop
erty and at two other locations.
The police ejected the people
who took over the property.
Tonight's gathering will be
smaller than those in previous
weeks. Only one band will play
in order to allow time for dis-
The Midpcninsula Free Uni
versity (MFUi will hold another
of "coffee-house of the streets"
tonight at Lytton Plaza in Palo
Alto in order to dramatize its
search for a permanent commu
nity center.
The MFU is an organization
composed of Stanford students,
members of the faculty, and
members of the local community
who sponsor courses on any
topic. In the past, classes have
ranged from calligraphy to
touring rock bands has been held
the last several weeks at the
plaza to protest the alleged
breaking of an agreement to
lease a building for a commu
nity center by the lessor.
According to Robert Cullen
bine of the MFU, the Free U
signed an agreement with the
owner of the building at 205
Hamilton Street granting the
first rights to lease the building.

He claims that the lessor then
leased the building to another
person.
Cullenbine said that the MFU
wants to establish a "coffee
house and creative multimedia
arts center and artists' and
craftsmen's cooperative" at the
Hamilton Street site.
The coffeehouse has been held
at Lytton Plaza, a private plaza
on University Avenue. The own
ers of the plaza have asked the
MFU not to use its land for the
gatherings. They have not how
ever filed trespassing complaint
with the police.
The first coffeehouse was held
at the Hamilton Street prop
erty and at two other locations.
The police ejected the people
who took over the property.
Tonight's gathering will be
smaller than those in previous
weeks. Only one band will play
in order to allow time for dis-
The Midpcninsula Free Uni
versity (MFUi will hold another
of "coffee-house of the streets"
tonight at Lytton Plaza in Palo
Alto in order to dramatize its
search for a permanent commu
nity center.
The MFU is an organization
composed of Stanford students,
members of the faculty, and
members of the local community
who sponsor courses on any
topic. In the past, classes have
ranged from calligraphy to
touring rock bands has been held
the last several weeks at the
plaza to protest the alleged
breaking of an agreement to
lease a building for a commu
nity center by the lessor.
According to Robert Cullen
bine of the MFU, the Free U
signed an agreement with the
owner of the building at 205
Hamilton Street granting the
first rights to lease the building.

He claims that the lessor then
leased the building to another
person.
Cullenbine said that the MFU
wants to establish a "coffee
house and creative multimedia
arts center and artists' and
craftsmen's cooperative" at the
Hamilton Street site.
The coffeehouse has been held
at Lytton Plaza, a private plaza
on University Avenue. The own
ers of the plaza have asked the
MFU not to use its land for the
gatherings. They have not how
ever filed trespassing complaint
with the police.
The first coffeehouse was held
at the Hamilton Street prop
erty and at two other locations.
The police ejected the people
who took over the property.
Tonight's gathering will be
smaller than those in previous
weeks. Only one band will play
in order to allow time for dis-
