# Correction
## 
### 
Contrary to the ugly rumors
perpetrated in yesterday's DAILY,
Kellie Green, renowned jazz painist
will not sing tonight in Dinkclspicl
Auditorium. She will, as a
consolation, play piano, offering
the jazz arrangements of popular
works that she is justly famous for.
Contrary to the ugly rumors
perpetrated in yesterday's DAILY,
Kellie Green, renowned jazz painist
will not sing tonight in Dinkclspicl
Auditorium. She will, as a
consolation, play piano, offering
the jazz arrangements of popular
works that she is justly famous for.
Contrary to the ugly rumors
perpetrated in yesterday's DAILY,
Kellie Green, renowned jazz painist
will not sing tonight in Dinkclspicl
Auditorium. She will, as a
consolation, play piano, offering
the jazz arrangements of popular
works that she is justly famous for.
Contrary to the ugly rumors
perpetrated in yesterday's DAILY,
Kellie Green, renowned jazz painist
will not sing tonight in Dinkclspicl
Auditorium. She will, as a
consolation, play piano, offering
the jazz arrangements of popular
works that she is justly famous for.
Contrary to the ugly rumors
perpetrated in yesterday's DAILY,
Kellie Green, renowned jazz painist
will not sing tonight in Dinkclspicl
Auditorium. She will, as a
consolation, play piano, offering
the jazz arrangements of popular
works that she is justly famous for.
Contrary to the ugly rumors
perpetrated in yesterday's DAILY,
Kellie Green, renowned jazz painist
will not sing tonight in Dinkclspicl
Auditorium. She will, as a
consolation, play piano, offering
the jazz arrangements of popular
works that she is justly famous for.
Contrary to the ugly rumors
perpetrated in yesterday's DAILY,
Kellie Green, renowned jazz painist
will not sing tonight in Dinkclspicl
Auditorium. She will, as a
consolation, play piano, offering
the jazz arrangements of popular
works that she is justly famous for.
Contrary to the ugly rumors
perpetrated in yesterday's DAILY,
Kellie Green, renowned jazz painist
will not sing tonight in Dinkclspicl
Auditorium. She will, as a
consolation, play piano, offering
the jazz arrangements of popular
works that she is justly famous for.
Contrary to the ugly rumors
perpetrated in yesterday's DAILY,
Kellie Green, renowned jazz painist
will not sing tonight in Dinkclspicl
Auditorium. She will, as a
consolation, play piano, offering
the jazz arrangements of popular
works that she is justly famous for.
Contrary to the ugly rumors
perpetrated in yesterday's DAILY,
Kellie Green, renowned jazz painist
will not sing tonight in Dinkclspicl
Auditorium. She will, as a
consolation, play piano, offering
the jazz arrangements of popular
works that she is justly famous for.
Contrary to the ugly rumors
perpetrated in yesterday's DAILY,
Kellie Green, renowned jazz painist
will not sing tonight in Dinkclspicl
Auditorium. She will, as a
consolation, play piano, offering
the jazz arrangements of popular
works that she is justly famous for.
Contrary to the ugly rumors
perpetrated in yesterday's DAILY,
Kellie Green, renowned jazz painist
will not sing tonight in Dinkclspicl
Auditorium. She will, as a
consolation, play piano, offering
the jazz arrangements of popular
works that she is justly famous for.
Contrary to the ugly rumors
perpetrated in yesterday's DAILY,
Kellie Green, renowned jazz painist
will not sing tonight in Dinkclspicl
Auditorium. She will, as a
consolation, play piano, offering
the jazz arrangements of popular
works that she is justly famous for.
Contrary to the ugly rumors
perpetrated in yesterday's DAILY,
Kellie Green, renowned jazz painist
will not sing tonight in Dinkclspicl
Auditorium. She will, as a
consolation, play piano, offering
the jazz arrangements of popular
works that she is justly famous for.
