# Chess Developments.
## 
### 
The try-out tournament to select
the team for the Intercollegiate
Chess Tournament is rapidly Hear
ing completion. Those who are
showing up the best, and from
whose ranks six men will he chosen
to represent Stanford on March 5,
are Arnold, '99, Whitaker, '99,
Veuve, '99, Serpas, '99, Knecht,
'99, Van Kaathoven, '99, Wright,
'01, Byxbee, '01, Foster, '01, and
Chase, '01. The team will prob
ably be chosen during the early
part of next week, and the remain
ing time before the tournament de
voted to coaching them into shape.
President Veuve of the Chess
Club received a letter yesterday
from the president of the Berkeley
club stating that arrangements
were being made at the Hopkins
Institute of Art for the tournament,
and that it would probably be
necessary to have tickets of admis
fion to the rooms where the tourna
ment is to be held. The names of
twelve Berkeley men eligible to
play in the tournament have also
been received.
The try-out tournament to select
the team for the Intercollegiate
Chess Tournament is rapidly Hear
ing completion. Those who are
showing up the best, and from
whose ranks six men will he chosen
to represent Stanford on March 5,
are Arnold, '99, Whitaker, '99,
Veuve, '99, Serpas, '99, Knecht,
'99, Van Kaathoven, '99, Wright,
'01, Byxbee, '01, Foster, '01, and
Chase, '01. The team will prob
ably be chosen during the early
part of next week, and the remain
ing time before the tournament de
voted to coaching them into shape.
President Veuve of the Chess
Club received a letter yesterday
from the president of the Berkeley
club stating that arrangements
were being made at the Hopkins
Institute of Art for the tournament,
and that it would probably be
necessary to have tickets of admis
fion to the rooms where the tourna
ment is to be held. The names of
twelve Berkeley men eligible to
play in the tournament have also
been received.
The try-out tournament to select
the team for the Intercollegiate
Chess Tournament is rapidly Hear
ing completion. Those who are
showing up the best, and from
whose ranks six men will he chosen
to represent Stanford on March 5,
are Arnold, '99, Whitaker, '99,
Veuve, '99, Serpas, '99, Knecht,
'99, Van Kaathoven, '99, Wright,
'01, Byxbee, '01, Foster, '01, and
Chase, '01. The team will prob
ably be chosen during the early
part of next week, and the remain
ing time before the tournament de
voted to coaching them into shape.
President Veuve of the Chess
Club received a letter yesterday
from the president of the Berkeley
club stating that arrangements
were being made at the Hopkins
Institute of Art for the tournament,
and that it would probably be
necessary to have tickets of admis
fion to the rooms where the tourna
ment is to be held. The names of
twelve Berkeley men eligible to
play in the tournament have also
been received.
The try-out tournament to select
the team for the Intercollegiate
Chess Tournament is rapidly Hear
ing completion. Those who are
showing up the best, and from
whose ranks six men will he chosen
to represent Stanford on March 5,
are Arnold, '99, Whitaker, '99,
Veuve, '99, Serpas, '99, Knecht,
'99, Van Kaathoven, '99, Wright,
'01, Byxbee, '01, Foster, '01, and
Chase, '01. The team will prob
ably be chosen during the early
part of next week, and the remain
ing time before the tournament de
voted to coaching them into shape.
President Veuve of the Chess
Club received a letter yesterday
from the president of the Berkeley
club stating that arrangements
were being made at the Hopkins
Institute of Art for the tournament,
and that it would probably be
necessary to have tickets of admis
fion to the rooms where the tourna
ment is to be held. The names of
twelve Berkeley men eligible to
play in the tournament have also
been received.
The try-out tournament to select
the team for the Intercollegiate
Chess Tournament is rapidly Hear
ing completion. Those who are
showing up the best, and from
whose ranks six men will he chosen
to represent Stanford on March 5,
are Arnold, '99, Whitaker, '99,
Veuve, '99, Serpas, '99, Knecht,
'99, Van Kaathoven, '99, Wright,
'01, Byxbee, '01, Foster, '01, and
Chase, '01. The team will prob
ably be chosen during the early
part of next week, and the remain
ing time before the tournament de
voted to coaching them into shape.
President Veuve of the Chess
Club received a letter yesterday
from the president of the Berkeley
club stating that arrangements
were being made at the Hopkins
Institute of Art for the tournament,
and that it would probably be
necessary to have tickets of admis
fion to the rooms where the tourna
ment is to be held. The names of
twelve Berkeley men eligible to
play in the tournament have also
been received.
