# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
New Fabric
CLOVES
by
FOWNES'
New gloves in spring's
accent colors as well as
navy, brown, black, and
white.
Slip-ons $1.00 to $1.50
Y/alsterk
355 University Ave.
New Fabric
CLOVES
by
FOWNES'
New gloves in spring's
accent colors as well as
navy, brown, black, and
white.
Slip-ons $1.00 to $1.50
Y/alsterk
355 University Ave.
New Fabric
CLOVES
by
FOWNES'
New gloves in spring's
accent colors as well as
navy, brown, black, and
white.
Slip-ons $1.00 to $1.50
Y/alsterk
355 University Ave.
New Fabric
CLOVES
by
FOWNES'
New gloves in spring's
accent colors as well as
navy, brown, black, and
white.
Slip-ons $1.00 to $1.50
Y/alsterk
355 University Ave.
New Fabric
CLOVES
by
FOWNES'
New gloves in spring's
accent colors as well as
navy, brown, black, and
white.
Slip-ons $1.00 to $1.50
Y/alsterk
355 University Ave.
New Fabric
CLOVES
by
FOWNES'
New gloves in spring's
accent colors as well as
navy, brown, black, and
white.
Slip-ons $1.00 to $1.50
Y/alsterk
355 University Ave.
New Fabric
CLOVES
by
FOWNES'
New gloves in spring's
accent colors as well as
navy, brown, black, and
white.
Slip-ons $1.00 to $1.50
Y/alsterk
355 University Ave.
New Fabric
CLOVES
by
FOWNES'
New gloves in spring's
accent colors as well as
navy, brown, black, and
white.
Slip-ons $1.00 to $1.50
Y/alsterk
355 University Ave.
New Fabric
CLOVES
by
FOWNES'
New gloves in spring's
accent colors as well as
navy, brown, black, and
white.
Slip-ons $1.00 to $1.50
Y/alsterk
355 University Ave.
New Fabric
CLOVES
by
FOWNES'
New gloves in spring's
accent colors as well as
navy, brown, black, and
white.
Slip-ons $1.00 to $1.50
Y/alsterk
355 University Ave.
New Fabric
CLOVES
by
FOWNES'
New gloves in spring's
accent colors as well as
navy, brown, black, and
white.
Slip-ons $1.00 to $1.50
Y/alsterk
355 University Ave.
New Fabric
CLOVES
by
FOWNES'
New gloves in spring's
accent colors as well as
navy, brown, black, and
white.
Slip-ons $1.00 to $1.50
Y/alsterk
355 University Ave.
New Fabric
CLOVES
by
FOWNES'
New gloves in spring's
accent colors as well as
navy, brown, black, and
white.
Slip-ons $1.00 to $1.50
Y/alsterk
355 University Ave.
New Fabric
CLOVES
by
FOWNES'
New gloves in spring's
accent colors as well as
navy, brown, black, and
white.
Slip-ons $1.00 to $1.50
Y/alsterk
355 University Ave.
New Fabric
CLOVES
by
FOWNES'
New gloves in spring's
accent colors as well as
navy, brown, black, and
white.
Slip-ons $1.00 to $1.50
Y/alsterk
355 University Ave.
New Fabric
CLOVES
by
FOWNES'
New gloves in spring's
accent colors as well as
navy, brown, black, and
white.
Slip-ons $1.00 to $1.50
Y/alsterk
355 University Ave.
New Fabric
CLOVES
by
FOWNES'
New gloves in spring's
accent colors as well as
navy, brown, black, and
white.
Slip-ons $1.00 to $1.50
Y/alsterk
355 University Ave.
