# Sports The Stanford Daily
## 
### 

Diving Queen Helen Crlenkovich was married in Coronado, Cal., to
Ensign Hob Morgan, U. S. Navy Air Corps. Mrs. Morgan, one of the
greatest feminine divers of all time, will continue with amateur md
exhibition events, but declared she would 110 longer enter into com.
petitive diving.

Diving Queen Helen Crlenkovich was married in Coronado, Cal., to
Ensign Hob Morgan, U. S. Navy Air Corps. Mrs. Morgan, one of the
greatest feminine divers of all time, will continue with amateur md
exhibition events, but declared she would 110 longer enter into com.
petitive diving.

Diving Queen Helen Crlenkovich was married in Coronado, Cal., to
Ensign Hob Morgan, U. S. Navy Air Corps. Mrs. Morgan, one of the
greatest feminine divers of all time, will continue with amateur md
exhibition events, but declared she would 110 longer enter into com.
petitive diving.

Diving Queen Helen Crlenkovich was married in Coronado, Cal., to
Ensign Hob Morgan, U. S. Navy Air Corps. Mrs. Morgan, one of the
greatest feminine divers of all time, will continue with amateur md
exhibition events, but declared she would 110 longer enter into com.
petitive diving.

Diving Queen Helen Crlenkovich was married in Coronado, Cal., to
Ensign Hob Morgan, U. S. Navy Air Corps. Mrs. Morgan, one of the
greatest feminine divers of all time, will continue with amateur md
exhibition events, but declared she would 110 longer enter into com.
petitive diving.

Diving Queen Helen Crlenkovich was married in Coronado, Cal., to
Ensign Hob Morgan, U. S. Navy Air Corps. Mrs. Morgan, one of the
greatest feminine divers of all time, will continue with amateur md
exhibition events, but declared she would 110 longer enter into com.
petitive diving.

Diving Queen Helen Crlenkovich was married in Coronado, Cal., to
Ensign Hob Morgan, U. S. Navy Air Corps. Mrs. Morgan, one of the
greatest feminine divers of all time, will continue with amateur md
exhibition events, but declared she would 110 longer enter into com.
petitive diving.

Diving Queen Helen Crlenkovich was married in Coronado, Cal., to
Ensign Hob Morgan, U. S. Navy Air Corps. Mrs. Morgan, one of the
greatest feminine divers of all time, will continue with amateur md
exhibition events, but declared she would 110 longer enter into com.
petitive diving.

Diving Queen Helen Crlenkovich was married in Coronado, Cal., to
Ensign Hob Morgan, U. S. Navy Air Corps. Mrs. Morgan, one of the
greatest feminine divers of all time, will continue with amateur md
exhibition events, but declared she would 110 longer enter into com.
petitive diving.

Diving Queen Helen Crlenkovich was married in Coronado, Cal., to
Ensign Hob Morgan, U. S. Navy Air Corps. Mrs. Morgan, one of the
greatest feminine divers of all time, will continue with amateur md
exhibition events, but declared she would 110 longer enter into com.
petitive diving.

Diving Queen Helen Crlenkovich was married in Coronado, Cal., to
Ensign Hob Morgan, U. S. Navy Air Corps. Mrs. Morgan, one of the
greatest feminine divers of all time, will continue with amateur md
exhibition events, but declared she would 110 longer enter into com.
petitive diving.

Diving Queen Helen Crlenkovich was married in Coronado, Cal., to
Ensign Hob Morgan, U. S. Navy Air Corps. Mrs. Morgan, one of the
greatest feminine divers of all time, will continue with amateur md
exhibition events, but declared she would 110 longer enter into com.
petitive diving.

Diving Queen Helen Crlenkovich was married in Coronado, Cal., to
Ensign Hob Morgan, U. S. Navy Air Corps. Mrs. Morgan, one of the
greatest feminine divers of all time, will continue with amateur md
exhibition events, but declared she would 110 longer enter into com.
petitive diving.

Diving Queen Helen Crlenkovich was married in Coronado, Cal., to
Ensign Hob Morgan, U. S. Navy Air Corps. Mrs. Morgan, one of the
greatest feminine divers of all time, will continue with amateur md
exhibition events, but declared she would 110 longer enter into com.
petitive diving.

Diving Queen Helen Crlenkovich was married in Coronado, Cal., to
Ensign Hob Morgan, U. S. Navy Air Corps. Mrs. Morgan, one of the
greatest feminine divers of all time, will continue with amateur md
exhibition events, but declared she would 110 longer enter into com.
petitive diving.

Diving Queen Helen Crlenkovich was married in Coronado, Cal., to
Ensign Hob Morgan, U. S. Navy Air Corps. Mrs. Morgan, one of the
greatest feminine divers of all time, will continue with amateur md
exhibition events, but declared she would 110 longer enter into com.
petitive diving.

Diving Queen Helen Crlenkovich was married in Coronado, Cal., to
Ensign Hob Morgan, U. S. Navy Air Corps. Mrs. Morgan, one of the
greatest feminine divers of all time, will continue with amateur md
exhibition events, but declared she would 110 longer enter into com.
petitive diving.
