# High School Men's Status Confused
## 
### 
About 200 high school seniors from
Palo Alto High school are now at
tending Stanford. Their status in
regard to the Navy's "V" programs
is slightly confused since the Navy
required a high school diploma for
admission. At the present time noth
ing definite has been settled as to
their future.
To add to this difficulty, Supt.
Charles Lockwood of the city school
system has stated that no high school
diplomas will be granted to students
who try to count their freshman year
in Stanford as their final year in
high school.
About 200 high school seniors from
Palo Alto High school are now at
tending Stanford. Their status in
regard to the Navy's "V" programs
is slightly confused since the Navy
required a high school diploma for
admission. At the present time noth
ing definite has been settled as to
their future.
To add to this difficulty, Supt.
Charles Lockwood of the city school
system has stated that no high school
diplomas will be granted to students
who try to count their freshman year
in Stanford as their final year in
high school.
About 200 high school seniors from
Palo Alto High school are now at
tending Stanford. Their status in
regard to the Navy's "V" programs
is slightly confused since the Navy
required a high school diploma for
admission. At the present time noth
ing definite has been settled as to
their future.
To add to this difficulty, Supt.
Charles Lockwood of the city school
system has stated that no high school
diplomas will be granted to students
who try to count their freshman year
in Stanford as their final year in
high school.
About 200 high school seniors from
Palo Alto High school are now at
tending Stanford. Their status in
regard to the Navy's "V" programs
is slightly confused since the Navy
required a high school diploma for
admission. At the present time noth
ing definite has been settled as to
their future.
To add to this difficulty, Supt.
Charles Lockwood of the city school
system has stated that no high school
diplomas will be granted to students
who try to count their freshman year
in Stanford as their final year in
high school.
About 200 high school seniors from
Palo Alto High school are now at
tending Stanford. Their status in
regard to the Navy's "V" programs
is slightly confused since the Navy
required a high school diploma for
admission. At the present time noth
ing definite has been settled as to
their future.
To add to this difficulty, Supt.
Charles Lockwood of the city school
system has stated that no high school
diplomas will be granted to students
who try to count their freshman year
in Stanford as their final year in
high school.
About 200 high school seniors from
Palo Alto High school are now at
tending Stanford. Their status in
regard to the Navy's "V" programs
is slightly confused since the Navy
required a high school diploma for
admission. At the present time noth
ing definite has been settled as to
their future.
To add to this difficulty, Supt.
Charles Lockwood of the city school
system has stated that no high school
diplomas will be granted to students
who try to count their freshman year
in Stanford as their final year in
high school.
About 200 high school seniors from
Palo Alto High school are now at
tending Stanford. Their status in
regard to the Navy's "V" programs
is slightly confused since the Navy
required a high school diploma for
admission. At the present time noth
ing definite has been settled as to
their future.
To add to this difficulty, Supt.
Charles Lockwood of the city school
system has stated that no high school
diplomas will be granted to students
who try to count their freshman year
in Stanford as their final year in
high school.
About 200 high school seniors from
Palo Alto High school are now at
tending Stanford. Their status in
regard to the Navy's "V" programs
is slightly confused since the Navy
required a high school diploma for
admission. At the present time noth
ing definite has been settled as to
their future.
To add to this difficulty, Supt.
Charles Lockwood of the city school
system has stated that no high school
diplomas will be granted to students
who try to count their freshman year
in Stanford as their final year in
high school.
About 200 high school seniors from
Palo Alto High school are now at
tending Stanford. Their status in
regard to the Navy's "V" programs
is slightly confused since the Navy
required a high school diploma for
admission. At the present time noth
ing definite has been settled as to
their future.
To add to this difficulty, Supt.
Charles Lockwood of the city school
system has stated that no high school
diplomas will be granted to students
who try to count their freshman year
in Stanford as their final year in
high school.
About 200 high school seniors from
Palo Alto High school are now at
tending Stanford. Their status in
regard to the Navy's "V" programs
is slightly confused since the Navy
required a high school diploma for
admission. At the present time noth
ing definite has been settled as to
their future.
To add to this difficulty, Supt.
Charles Lockwood of the city school
system has stated that no high school
diplomas will be granted to students
who try to count their freshman year
in Stanford as their final year in
high school.
About 200 high school seniors from
Palo Alto High school are now at
tending Stanford. Their status in
regard to the Navy's "V" programs
is slightly confused since the Navy
required a high school diploma for
admission. At the present time noth
ing definite has been settled as to
their future.
To add to this difficulty, Supt.
Charles Lockwood of the city school
system has stated that no high school
diplomas will be granted to students
who try to count their freshman year
in Stanford as their final year in
high school.
About 200 high school seniors from
Palo Alto High school are now at
tending Stanford. Their status in
regard to the Navy's "V" programs
is slightly confused since the Navy
required a high school diploma for
admission. At the present time noth
ing definite has been settled as to
their future.
To add to this difficulty, Supt.
Charles Lockwood of the city school
system has stated that no high school
diplomas will be granted to students
who try to count their freshman year
in Stanford as their final year in
high school.
About 200 high school seniors from
Palo Alto High school are now at
tending Stanford. Their status in
regard to the Navy's "V" programs
is slightly confused since the Navy
required a high school diploma for
admission. At the present time noth
ing definite has been settled as to
their future.
To add to this difficulty, Supt.
Charles Lockwood of the city school
system has stated that no high school
diplomas will be granted to students
who try to count their freshman year
in Stanford as their final year in
high school.
About 200 high school seniors from
Palo Alto High school are now at
tending Stanford. Their status in
regard to the Navy's "V" programs
is slightly confused since the Navy
required a high school diploma for
admission. At the present time noth
ing definite has been settled as to
their future.
To add to this difficulty, Supt.
Charles Lockwood of the city school
system has stated that no high school
diplomas will be granted to students
who try to count their freshman year
in Stanford as their final year in
high school.
About 200 high school seniors from
Palo Alto High school are now at
tending Stanford. Their status in
regard to the Navy's "V" programs
is slightly confused since the Navy
required a high school diploma for
admission. At the present time noth
ing definite has been settled as to
their future.
To add to this difficulty, Supt.
Charles Lockwood of the city school
system has stated that no high school
diplomas will be granted to students
who try to count their freshman year
in Stanford as their final year in
high school.
About 200 high school seniors from
Palo Alto High school are now at
tending Stanford. Their status in
regard to the Navy's "V" programs
is slightly confused since the Navy
required a high school diploma for
admission. At the present time noth
ing definite has been settled as to
their future.
To add to this difficulty, Supt.
Charles Lockwood of the city school
system has stated that no high school
diplomas will be granted to students
who try to count their freshman year
in Stanford as their final year in
high school.
About 200 high school seniors from
Palo Alto High school are now at
tending Stanford. Their status in
regard to the Navy's "V" programs
is slightly confused since the Navy
required a high school diploma for
admission. At the present time noth
ing definite has been settled as to
their future.
To add to this difficulty, Supt.
Charles Lockwood of the city school
system has stated that no high school
diplomas will be granted to students
who try to count their freshman year
in Stanford as their final year in
high school.
