# BRITON TO SPEAK
## 
### 
"A British View of the East-West
Conflict" will be the topic of an
Armistice Day talk at 7:45 this eve
ning by Hugh Faulkner, organizing
secretary of the British Fellowship
of Reconciliation, in the patio room
of the Methodist Education Build
ing, Hamilton Avenue and Byron
Street.
"A British View of the East-West
Conflict" will be the topic of an
Armistice Day talk at 7:45 this eve
ning by Hugh Faulkner, organizing
secretary of the British Fellowship
of Reconciliation, in the patio room
of the Methodist Education Build
ing, Hamilton Avenue and Byron
Street.
"A British View of the East-West
Conflict" will be the topic of an
Armistice Day talk at 7:45 this eve
ning by Hugh Faulkner, organizing
secretary of the British Fellowship
of Reconciliation, in the patio room
of the Methodist Education Build
ing, Hamilton Avenue and Byron
Street.
"A British View of the East-West
Conflict" will be the topic of an
Armistice Day talk at 7:45 this eve
ning by Hugh Faulkner, organizing
secretary of the British Fellowship
of Reconciliation, in the patio room
of the Methodist Education Build
ing, Hamilton Avenue and Byron
Street.
"A British View of the East-West
Conflict" will be the topic of an
Armistice Day talk at 7:45 this eve
ning by Hugh Faulkner, organizing
secretary of the British Fellowship
of Reconciliation, in the patio room
of the Methodist Education Build
ing, Hamilton Avenue and Byron
Street.
"A British View of the East-West
Conflict" will be the topic of an
Armistice Day talk at 7:45 this eve
ning by Hugh Faulkner, organizing
secretary of the British Fellowship
of Reconciliation, in the patio room
of the Methodist Education Build
ing, Hamilton Avenue and Byron
Street.
"A British View of the East-West
Conflict" will be the topic of an
Armistice Day talk at 7:45 this eve
ning by Hugh Faulkner, organizing
secretary of the British Fellowship
of Reconciliation, in the patio room
of the Methodist Education Build
ing, Hamilton Avenue and Byron
Street.
"A British View of the East-West
Conflict" will be the topic of an
Armistice Day talk at 7:45 this eve
ning by Hugh Faulkner, organizing
secretary of the British Fellowship
of Reconciliation, in the patio room
of the Methodist Education Build
ing, Hamilton Avenue and Byron
Street.
"A British View of the East-West
Conflict" will be the topic of an
Armistice Day talk at 7:45 this eve
ning by Hugh Faulkner, organizing
secretary of the British Fellowship
of Reconciliation, in the patio room
of the Methodist Education Build
ing, Hamilton Avenue and Byron
Street.
"A British View of the East-West
Conflict" will be the topic of an
Armistice Day talk at 7:45 this eve
ning by Hugh Faulkner, organizing
secretary of the British Fellowship
of Reconciliation, in the patio room
of the Methodist Education Build
ing, Hamilton Avenue and Byron
Street.
"A British View of the East-West
Conflict" will be the topic of an
Armistice Day talk at 7:45 this eve
ning by Hugh Faulkner, organizing
secretary of the British Fellowship
of Reconciliation, in the patio room
of the Methodist Education Build
ing, Hamilton Avenue and Byron
Street.
"A British View of the East-West
Conflict" will be the topic of an
Armistice Day talk at 7:45 this eve
ning by Hugh Faulkner, organizing
secretary of the British Fellowship
of Reconciliation, in the patio room
of the Methodist Education Build
ing, Hamilton Avenue and Byron
Street.
"A British View of the East-West
Conflict" will be the topic of an
Armistice Day talk at 7:45 this eve
ning by Hugh Faulkner, organizing
secretary of the British Fellowship
of Reconciliation, in the patio room
of the Methodist Education Build
ing, Hamilton Avenue and Byron
Street.
"A British View of the East-West
Conflict" will be the topic of an
Armistice Day talk at 7:45 this eve
ning by Hugh Faulkner, organizing
secretary of the British Fellowship
of Reconciliation, in the patio room
of the Methodist Education Build
ing, Hamilton Avenue and Byron
Street.
"A British View of the East-West
Conflict" will be the topic of an
Armistice Day talk at 7:45 this eve
ning by Hugh Faulkner, organizing
secretary of the British Fellowship
of Reconciliation, in the patio room
of the Methodist Education Build
ing, Hamilton Avenue and Byron
Street.
"A British View of the East-West
Conflict" will be the topic of an
Armistice Day talk at 7:45 this eve
ning by Hugh Faulkner, organizing
secretary of the British Fellowship
of Reconciliation, in the patio room
of the Methodist Education Build
ing, Hamilton Avenue and Byron
Street.
