# USC Movies Tonight
## 
### 
Movies of last Saturday's Stan
ford-USC game will be shown at
7:15 tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is free. They
will be shown again at 8:15 if
students arc turned away from
the first showing.
The movies are sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan
ford-USC game will be shown at
7:15 tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is free. They
will be shown again at 8:15 if
students arc turned away from
the first showing.
The movies are sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan
ford-USC game will be shown at
7:15 tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is free. They
will be shown again at 8:15 if
students arc turned away from
the first showing.
The movies are sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan
ford-USC game will be shown at
7:15 tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is free. They
will be shown again at 8:15 if
students arc turned away from
the first showing.
The movies are sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan
ford-USC game will be shown at
7:15 tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is free. They
will be shown again at 8:15 if
students arc turned away from
the first showing.
The movies are sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan
ford-USC game will be shown at
7:15 tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is free. They
will be shown again at 8:15 if
students arc turned away from
the first showing.
The movies are sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan
ford-USC game will be shown at
7:15 tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is free. They
will be shown again at 8:15 if
students arc turned away from
the first showing.
The movies are sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan
ford-USC game will be shown at
7:15 tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is free. They
will be shown again at 8:15 if
students arc turned away from
the first showing.
The movies are sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan
ford-USC game will be shown at
7:15 tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is free. They
will be shown again at 8:15 if
students arc turned away from
the first showing.
The movies are sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan
ford-USC game will be shown at
7:15 tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is free. They
will be shown again at 8:15 if
students arc turned away from
the first showing.
The movies are sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan
ford-USC game will be shown at
7:15 tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is free. They
will be shown again at 8:15 if
students arc turned away from
the first showing.
The movies are sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan
ford-USC game will be shown at
7:15 tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is free. They
will be shown again at 8:15 if
students arc turned away from
the first showing.
The movies are sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan
ford-USC game will be shown at
7:15 tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is free. They
will be shown again at 8:15 if
students arc turned away from
the first showing.
The movies are sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan
ford-USC game will be shown at
7:15 tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is free. They
will be shown again at 8:15 if
students arc turned away from
the first showing.
The movies are sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan
ford-USC game will be shown at
7:15 tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is free. They
will be shown again at 8:15 if
students arc turned away from
the first showing.
The movies are sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan
ford-USC game will be shown at
7:15 tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission is free. They
will be shown again at 8:15 if
students arc turned away from
the first showing.
The movies are sponsored by
Cardinals.
