# TUESDAY
## 
### 
Love, love
No 2 Stanford men's tennis team
will host its first home match
against No 5 UC-lrvine Page 7
Love, love
No 2 Stanford men's tennis team
will host its first home match
against No 5 UC-lrvine Page 7
Love, love
No 2 Stanford men's tennis team
will host its first home match
against No 5 UC-lrvine Page 7
Love, love
No 2 Stanford men's tennis team
will host its first home match
against No 5 UC-lrvine Page 7
Love, love
No 2 Stanford men's tennis team
will host its first home match
against No 5 UC-lrvine Page 7
Love, love
No 2 Stanford men's tennis team
will host its first home match
against No 5 UC-lrvine Page 7
Love, love
No 2 Stanford men's tennis team
will host its first home match
against No 5 UC-lrvine Page 7
Love, love
No 2 Stanford men's tennis team
will host its first home match
against No 5 UC-lrvine Page 7
