# Adv. 31 Page 8
## 
### 
HOTEL
ADMINISTRATION
RETRAINING
PROGRAM
The Israel Aliyah Center
in conjunction with the
Ministries of Absorption
and Tourism, are looking
for people interested in
the field of Hotel Ad
ministration. If you have
12 years of schooling
and a Hebrew
background, an exciting
career awaits you in Is
rael. Meet with Moshe
Shoshani from the Minis
try of Tourism on April
18, 1978. Contact Israel
Aliyah Center 46 Kearny
Street S.F. 392-8998 for
an appointment.
HOTEL
ADMINISTRATION
RETRAINING
PROGRAM
The Israel Aliyah Center
in conjunction with the
Ministries of Absorption
and Tourism, are looking
for people interested in
the field of Hotel Ad
ministration. If you have
12 years of schooling
and a Hebrew
background, an exciting
career awaits you in Is
rael. Meet with Moshe
Shoshani from the Minis
try of Tourism on April
18, 1978. Contact Israel
Aliyah Center 46 Kearny
Street S.F. 392-8998 for
an appointment.
HOTEL
ADMINISTRATION
RETRAINING
PROGRAM
The Israel Aliyah Center
in conjunction with the
Ministries of Absorption
and Tourism, are looking
for people interested in
the field of Hotel Ad
ministration. If you have
12 years of schooling
and a Hebrew
background, an exciting
career awaits you in Is
rael. Meet with Moshe
Shoshani from the Minis
try of Tourism on April
18, 1978. Contact Israel
Aliyah Center 46 Kearny
Street S.F. 392-8998 for
an appointment.
HOTEL
ADMINISTRATION
RETRAINING
PROGRAM
The Israel Aliyah Center
in conjunction with the
Ministries of Absorption
and Tourism, are looking
for people interested in
the field of Hotel Ad
ministration. If you have
12 years of schooling
and a Hebrew
background, an exciting
career awaits you in Is
rael. Meet with Moshe
Shoshani from the Minis
try of Tourism on April
18, 1978. Contact Israel
Aliyah Center 46 Kearny
Street S.F. 392-8998 for
an appointment.
HOTEL
ADMINISTRATION
RETRAINING
PROGRAM
The Israel Aliyah Center
in conjunction with the
Ministries of Absorption
and Tourism, are looking
for people interested in
the field of Hotel Ad
ministration. If you have
12 years of schooling
and a Hebrew
background, an exciting
career awaits you in Is
rael. Meet with Moshe
Shoshani from the Minis
try of Tourism on April
18, 1978. Contact Israel
Aliyah Center 46 Kearny
Street S.F. 392-8998 for
an appointment.
HOTEL
ADMINISTRATION
RETRAINING
PROGRAM
The Israel Aliyah Center
in conjunction with the
Ministries of Absorption
and Tourism, are looking
for people interested in
the field of Hotel Ad
ministration. If you have
12 years of schooling
and a Hebrew
background, an exciting
career awaits you in Is
rael. Meet with Moshe
Shoshani from the Minis
try of Tourism on April
18, 1978. Contact Israel
Aliyah Center 46 Kearny
Street S.F. 392-8998 for
an appointment.
HOTEL
ADMINISTRATION
RETRAINING
PROGRAM
The Israel Aliyah Center
in conjunction with the
Ministries of Absorption
and Tourism, are looking
for people interested in
the field of Hotel Ad
ministration. If you have
12 years of schooling
and a Hebrew
background, an exciting
career awaits you in Is
rael. Meet with Moshe
Shoshani from the Minis
try of Tourism on April
18, 1978. Contact Israel
Aliyah Center 46 Kearny
Street S.F. 392-8998 for
an appointment.
HOTEL
ADMINISTRATION
RETRAINING
PROGRAM
The Israel Aliyah Center
in conjunction with the
Ministries of Absorption
and Tourism, are looking
for people interested in
the field of Hotel Ad
ministration. If you have
12 years of schooling
and a Hebrew
background, an exciting
career awaits you in Is
rael. Meet with Moshe
Shoshani from the Minis
try of Tourism on April
18, 1978. Contact Israel
Aliyah Center 46 Kearny
Street S.F. 392-8998 for
an appointment.
HOTEL
ADMINISTRATION
RETRAINING
PROGRAM
The Israel Aliyah Center
in conjunction with the
Ministries of Absorption
and Tourism, are looking
for people interested in
the field of Hotel Ad
ministration. If you have
12 years of schooling
and a Hebrew
background, an exciting
career awaits you in Is
rael. Meet with Moshe
Shoshani from the Minis
try of Tourism on April
18, 1978. Contact Israel
Aliyah Center 46 Kearny
Street S.F. 392-8998 for
an appointment.
HOTEL
ADMINISTRATION
RETRAINING
PROGRAM
The Israel Aliyah Center
in conjunction with the
Ministries of Absorption
and Tourism, are looking
for people interested in
the field of Hotel Ad
ministration. If you have
12 years of schooling
and a Hebrew
background, an exciting
career awaits you in Is
rael. Meet with Moshe
Shoshani from the Minis
try of Tourism on April
18, 1978. Contact Israel
Aliyah Center 46 Kearny
Street S.F. 392-8998 for
an appointment.
HOTEL
ADMINISTRATION
RETRAINING
PROGRAM
The Israel Aliyah Center
in conjunction with the
Ministries of Absorption
and Tourism, are looking
for people interested in
the field of Hotel Ad
ministration. If you have
12 years of schooling
and a Hebrew
background, an exciting
career awaits you in Is
rael. Meet with Moshe
Shoshani from the Minis
try of Tourism on April
18, 1978. Contact Israel
Aliyah Center 46 Kearny
Street S.F. 392-8998 for
an appointment.
