# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
.Just Received.
Allegretti's Celebrated Chocolates.
Stanford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler,
proprietor.
.Just Received.
Allegretti's Celebrated Chocolates.
Stanford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler,
proprietor.
.Just Received.
Allegretti's Celebrated Chocolates.
Stanford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler,
proprietor.
.Just Received.
Allegretti's Celebrated Chocolates.
Stanford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler,
proprietor.
.Just Received.
Allegretti's Celebrated Chocolates.
Stanford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler,
proprietor.
.Just Received.
Allegretti's Celebrated Chocolates.
Stanford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler,
proprietor.
.Just Received.
Allegretti's Celebrated Chocolates.
Stanford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler,
proprietor.
.Just Received.
Allegretti's Celebrated Chocolates.
Stanford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler,
proprietor.
.Just Received.
Allegretti's Celebrated Chocolates.
Stanford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler,
proprietor.
.Just Received.
Allegretti's Celebrated Chocolates.
Stanford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler,
proprietor.
