# TOMMIES SHOW THEIR TOOTSIES
## 
### 

WHILE MODERN WARFARE employs motorized vehicles l;> convey troops to fighting points, armies must
nevertheless depend upon their feet. These British soldiers are having their l'eet inspected hy their com
mander. Fallen arches mean being sent to the rear.

WHILE MODERN WARFARE employs motorized vehicles l;> convey troops to fighting points, armies must
nevertheless depend upon their feet. These British soldiers are having their l'eet inspected hy their com
mander. Fallen arches mean being sent to the rear.

WHILE MODERN WARFARE employs motorized vehicles l;> convey troops to fighting points, armies must
nevertheless depend upon their feet. These British soldiers are having their l'eet inspected hy their com
mander. Fallen arches mean being sent to the rear.

WHILE MODERN WARFARE employs motorized vehicles l;> convey troops to fighting points, armies must
nevertheless depend upon their feet. These British soldiers are having their l'eet inspected hy their com
mander. Fallen arches mean being sent to the rear.

WHILE MODERN WARFARE employs motorized vehicles l;> convey troops to fighting points, armies must
nevertheless depend upon their feet. These British soldiers are having their l'eet inspected hy their com
mander. Fallen arches mean being sent to the rear.

WHILE MODERN WARFARE employs motorized vehicles l;> convey troops to fighting points, armies must
nevertheless depend upon their feet. These British soldiers are having their l'eet inspected hy their com
mander. Fallen arches mean being sent to the rear.

WHILE MODERN WARFARE employs motorized vehicles l;> convey troops to fighting points, armies must
nevertheless depend upon their feet. These British soldiers are having their l'eet inspected hy their com
mander. Fallen arches mean being sent to the rear.

WHILE MODERN WARFARE employs motorized vehicles l;> convey troops to fighting points, armies must
nevertheless depend upon their feet. These British soldiers are having their l'eet inspected hy their com
mander. Fallen arches mean being sent to the rear.

WHILE MODERN WARFARE employs motorized vehicles l;> convey troops to fighting points, armies must
nevertheless depend upon their feet. These British soldiers are having their l'eet inspected hy their com
mander. Fallen arches mean being sent to the rear.

WHILE MODERN WARFARE employs motorized vehicles l;> convey troops to fighting points, armies must
nevertheless depend upon their feet. These British soldiers are having their l'eet inspected hy their com
mander. Fallen arches mean being sent to the rear.

WHILE MODERN WARFARE employs motorized vehicles l;> convey troops to fighting points, armies must
nevertheless depend upon their feet. These British soldiers are having their l'eet inspected hy their com
mander. Fallen arches mean being sent to the rear.

WHILE MODERN WARFARE employs motorized vehicles l;> convey troops to fighting points, armies must
nevertheless depend upon their feet. These British soldiers are having their l'eet inspected hy their com
mander. Fallen arches mean being sent to the rear.

WHILE MODERN WARFARE employs motorized vehicles l;> convey troops to fighting points, armies must
nevertheless depend upon their feet. These British soldiers are having their l'eet inspected hy their com
mander. Fallen arches mean being sent to the rear.

WHILE MODERN WARFARE employs motorized vehicles l;> convey troops to fighting points, armies must
nevertheless depend upon their feet. These British soldiers are having their l'eet inspected hy their com
mander. Fallen arches mean being sent to the rear.

WHILE MODERN WARFARE employs motorized vehicles l;> convey troops to fighting points, armies must
nevertheless depend upon their feet. These British soldiers are having their l'eet inspected hy their com
mander. Fallen arches mean being sent to the rear.

WHILE MODERN WARFARE employs motorized vehicles l;> convey troops to fighting points, armies must
nevertheless depend upon their feet. These British soldiers are having their l'eet inspected hy their com
mander. Fallen arches mean being sent to the rear.
