# Several Fleet Units Leave Hawaii for Drill
## 
### 
HONOLULU, T.H., Oct. 30 (UP).—
Several units of the U.S. Fleet sta
tioned at Hawaii have sailed for an
undisclosed destination for target
practice, it was revealed today. The
cruisers Northampton and Pensacola
will anchor at Hilo over the Armi
stice Djiv week-end and the Salt
Lake City will anchor off Lahaina
Roads Nov. 11, it was announced.
HONOLULU, T.H., Oct. 30 (UP).—
Several units of the U.S. Fleet sta
tioned at Hawaii have sailed for an
undisclosed destination for target
practice, it was revealed today. The
cruisers Northampton and Pensacola
will anchor at Hilo over the Armi
stice Djiv week-end and the Salt
Lake City will anchor off Lahaina
Roads Nov. 11, it was announced.
HONOLULU, T.H., Oct. 30 (UP).—
Several units of the U.S. Fleet sta
tioned at Hawaii have sailed for an
undisclosed destination for target
practice, it was revealed today. The
cruisers Northampton and Pensacola
will anchor at Hilo over the Armi
stice Djiv week-end and the Salt
Lake City will anchor off Lahaina
Roads Nov. 11, it was announced.
HONOLULU, T.H., Oct. 30 (UP).—
Several units of the U.S. Fleet sta
tioned at Hawaii have sailed for an
undisclosed destination for target
practice, it was revealed today. The
cruisers Northampton and Pensacola
will anchor at Hilo over the Armi
stice Djiv week-end and the Salt
Lake City will anchor off Lahaina
Roads Nov. 11, it was announced.
HONOLULU, T.H., Oct. 30 (UP).—
Several units of the U.S. Fleet sta
tioned at Hawaii have sailed for an
undisclosed destination for target
practice, it was revealed today. The
cruisers Northampton and Pensacola
will anchor at Hilo over the Armi
stice Djiv week-end and the Salt
Lake City will anchor off Lahaina
Roads Nov. 11, it was announced.
HONOLULU, T.H., Oct. 30 (UP).—
Several units of the U.S. Fleet sta
tioned at Hawaii have sailed for an
undisclosed destination for target
practice, it was revealed today. The
cruisers Northampton and Pensacola
will anchor at Hilo over the Armi
stice Djiv week-end and the Salt
Lake City will anchor off Lahaina
Roads Nov. 11, it was announced.
HONOLULU, T.H., Oct. 30 (UP).—
Several units of the U.S. Fleet sta
tioned at Hawaii have sailed for an
undisclosed destination for target
practice, it was revealed today. The
cruisers Northampton and Pensacola
will anchor at Hilo over the Armi
stice Djiv week-end and the Salt
Lake City will anchor off Lahaina
Roads Nov. 11, it was announced.
HONOLULU, T.H., Oct. 30 (UP).—
Several units of the U.S. Fleet sta
tioned at Hawaii have sailed for an
undisclosed destination for target
practice, it was revealed today. The
cruisers Northampton and Pensacola
will anchor at Hilo over the Armi
stice Djiv week-end and the Salt
Lake City will anchor off Lahaina
Roads Nov. 11, it was announced.
HONOLULU, T.H., Oct. 30 (UP).—
Several units of the U.S. Fleet sta
tioned at Hawaii have sailed for an
undisclosed destination for target
practice, it was revealed today. The
cruisers Northampton and Pensacola
will anchor at Hilo over the Armi
stice Djiv week-end and the Salt
Lake City will anchor off Lahaina
Roads Nov. 11, it was announced.
HONOLULU, T.H., Oct. 30 (UP).—
Several units of the U.S. Fleet sta
tioned at Hawaii have sailed for an
undisclosed destination for target
practice, it was revealed today. The
cruisers Northampton and Pensacola
will anchor at Hilo over the Armi
stice Djiv week-end and the Salt
Lake City will anchor off Lahaina
Roads Nov. 11, it was announced.
HONOLULU, T.H., Oct. 30 (UP).—
Several units of the U.S. Fleet sta
tioned at Hawaii have sailed for an
undisclosed destination for target
practice, it was revealed today. The
cruisers Northampton and Pensacola
will anchor at Hilo over the Armi
stice Djiv week-end and the Salt
Lake City will anchor off Lahaina
Roads Nov. 11, it was announced.
HONOLULU, T.H., Oct. 30 (UP).—
Several units of the U.S. Fleet sta
tioned at Hawaii have sailed for an
undisclosed destination for target
practice, it was revealed today. The
cruisers Northampton and Pensacola
will anchor at Hilo over the Armi
stice Djiv week-end and the Salt
Lake City will anchor off Lahaina
Roads Nov. 11, it was announced.
HONOLULU, T.H., Oct. 30 (UP).—
Several units of the U.S. Fleet sta
tioned at Hawaii have sailed for an
undisclosed destination for target
practice, it was revealed today. The
cruisers Northampton and Pensacola
will anchor at Hilo over the Armi
stice Djiv week-end and the Salt
Lake City will anchor off Lahaina
Roads Nov. 11, it was announced.
HONOLULU, T.H., Oct. 30 (UP).—
Several units of the U.S. Fleet sta
tioned at Hawaii have sailed for an
undisclosed destination for target
practice, it was revealed today. The
cruisers Northampton and Pensacola
will anchor at Hilo over the Armi
stice Djiv week-end and the Salt
Lake City will anchor off Lahaina
Roads Nov. 11, it was announced.
HONOLULU, T.H., Oct. 30 (UP).—
Several units of the U.S. Fleet sta
tioned at Hawaii have sailed for an
undisclosed destination for target
practice, it was revealed today. The
cruisers Northampton and Pensacola
will anchor at Hilo over the Armi
stice Djiv week-end and the Salt
Lake City will anchor off Lahaina
Roads Nov. 11, it was announced.
HONOLULU, T.H., Oct. 30 (UP).—
Several units of the U.S. Fleet sta
tioned at Hawaii have sailed for an
undisclosed destination for target
practice, it was revealed today. The
cruisers Northampton and Pensacola
will anchor at Hilo over the Armi
stice Djiv week-end and the Salt
Lake City will anchor off Lahaina
Roads Nov. 11, it was announced.
