# GERMAN WOMEN GO TO WORK
## 
### 

THESE FAIIIM WOMEN, their men-folk in military service, have to
take over their work. These feminine workers are shown plowing
"somewhere in Germany."

THESE FAIIIM WOMEN, their men-folk in military service, have to
take over their work. These feminine workers are shown plowing
"somewhere in Germany."

THESE FAIIIM WOMEN, their men-folk in military service, have to
take over their work. These feminine workers are shown plowing
"somewhere in Germany."

THESE FAIIIM WOMEN, their men-folk in military service, have to
take over their work. These feminine workers are shown plowing
"somewhere in Germany."

THESE FAIIIM WOMEN, their men-folk in military service, have to
take over their work. These feminine workers are shown plowing
"somewhere in Germany."

THESE FAIIIM WOMEN, their men-folk in military service, have to
take over their work. These feminine workers are shown plowing
"somewhere in Germany."

THESE FAIIIM WOMEN, their men-folk in military service, have to
take over their work. These feminine workers are shown plowing
"somewhere in Germany."

THESE FAIIIM WOMEN, their men-folk in military service, have to
take over their work. These feminine workers are shown plowing
"somewhere in Germany."

THESE FAIIIM WOMEN, their men-folk in military service, have to
take over their work. These feminine workers are shown plowing
"somewhere in Germany."

THESE FAIIIM WOMEN, their men-folk in military service, have to
take over their work. These feminine workers are shown plowing
"somewhere in Germany."

THESE FAIIIM WOMEN, their men-folk in military service, have to
take over their work. These feminine workers are shown plowing
"somewhere in Germany."

THESE FAIIIM WOMEN, their men-folk in military service, have to
take over their work. These feminine workers are shown plowing
"somewhere in Germany."

THESE FAIIIM WOMEN, their men-folk in military service, have to
take over their work. These feminine workers are shown plowing
"somewhere in Germany."

THESE FAIIIM WOMEN, their men-folk in military service, have to
take over their work. These feminine workers are shown plowing
"somewhere in Germany."

THESE FAIIIM WOMEN, their men-folk in military service, have to
take over their work. These feminine workers are shown plowing
"somewhere in Germany."

THESE FAIIIM WOMEN, their men-folk in military service, have to
take over their work. These feminine workers are shown plowing
"somewhere in Germany."
