# Stanford Alumnus Dies in Berkeley
## 
### 
Preston Higgins, Stanford gradu
ate and former city attorney of Oak
land, died in Berkeley yesterday. He
enraged in legal work following his
graduation in 1915 and had served
three years as deputy distinct attor
ney for Alameda County prior to
holding the Oakland ppst in 1930-21.
Jane Higgins, his daughter, is en
rolled at Stanford this year as a
senior.
Preston Higgins, Stanford gradu
ate and former city attorney of Oak
land, died in Berkeley yesterday. He
enraged in legal work following his
graduation in 1915 and had served
three years as deputy distinct attor
ney for Alameda County prior to
holding the Oakland ppst in 1930-21.
Jane Higgins, his daughter, is en
rolled at Stanford this year as a
senior.
Preston Higgins, Stanford gradu
ate and former city attorney of Oak
land, died in Berkeley yesterday. He
enraged in legal work following his
graduation in 1915 and had served
three years as deputy distinct attor
ney for Alameda County prior to
holding the Oakland ppst in 1930-21.
Jane Higgins, his daughter, is en
rolled at Stanford this year as a
senior.
Preston Higgins, Stanford gradu
ate and former city attorney of Oak
land, died in Berkeley yesterday. He
enraged in legal work following his
graduation in 1915 and had served
three years as deputy distinct attor
ney for Alameda County prior to
holding the Oakland ppst in 1930-21.
Jane Higgins, his daughter, is en
rolled at Stanford this year as a
senior.
Preston Higgins, Stanford gradu
ate and former city attorney of Oak
land, died in Berkeley yesterday. He
enraged in legal work following his
graduation in 1915 and had served
three years as deputy distinct attor
ney for Alameda County prior to
holding the Oakland ppst in 1930-21.
Jane Higgins, his daughter, is en
rolled at Stanford this year as a
senior.
Preston Higgins, Stanford gradu
ate and former city attorney of Oak
land, died in Berkeley yesterday. He
enraged in legal work following his
graduation in 1915 and had served
three years as deputy distinct attor
ney for Alameda County prior to
holding the Oakland ppst in 1930-21.
Jane Higgins, his daughter, is en
rolled at Stanford this year as a
senior.
Preston Higgins, Stanford gradu
ate and former city attorney of Oak
land, died in Berkeley yesterday. He
enraged in legal work following his
graduation in 1915 and had served
three years as deputy distinct attor
ney for Alameda County prior to
holding the Oakland ppst in 1930-21.
Jane Higgins, his daughter, is en
rolled at Stanford this year as a
senior.
Preston Higgins, Stanford gradu
ate and former city attorney of Oak
land, died in Berkeley yesterday. He
enraged in legal work following his
graduation in 1915 and had served
three years as deputy distinct attor
ney for Alameda County prior to
holding the Oakland ppst in 1930-21.
Jane Higgins, his daughter, is en
rolled at Stanford this year as a
senior.
Preston Higgins, Stanford gradu
ate and former city attorney of Oak
land, died in Berkeley yesterday. He
enraged in legal work following his
graduation in 1915 and had served
three years as deputy distinct attor
ney for Alameda County prior to
holding the Oakland ppst in 1930-21.
Jane Higgins, his daughter, is en
rolled at Stanford this year as a
senior.
Preston Higgins, Stanford gradu
ate and former city attorney of Oak
land, died in Berkeley yesterday. He
enraged in legal work following his
graduation in 1915 and had served
three years as deputy distinct attor
ney for Alameda County prior to
holding the Oakland ppst in 1930-21.
Jane Higgins, his daughter, is en
rolled at Stanford this year as a
senior.
Preston Higgins, Stanford gradu
ate and former city attorney of Oak
land, died in Berkeley yesterday. He
enraged in legal work following his
graduation in 1915 and had served
three years as deputy distinct attor
ney for Alameda County prior to
holding the Oakland ppst in 1930-21.
Jane Higgins, his daughter, is en
rolled at Stanford this year as a
senior.
Preston Higgins, Stanford gradu
ate and former city attorney of Oak
land, died in Berkeley yesterday. He
enraged in legal work following his
graduation in 1915 and had served
three years as deputy distinct attor
ney for Alameda County prior to
holding the Oakland ppst in 1930-21.
Jane Higgins, his daughter, is en
rolled at Stanford this year as a
senior.
Preston Higgins, Stanford gradu
ate and former city attorney of Oak
land, died in Berkeley yesterday. He
enraged in legal work following his
graduation in 1915 and had served
three years as deputy distinct attor
ney for Alameda County prior to
holding the Oakland ppst in 1930-21.
Jane Higgins, his daughter, is en
rolled at Stanford this year as a
senior.
Preston Higgins, Stanford gradu
ate and former city attorney of Oak
land, died in Berkeley yesterday. He
enraged in legal work following his
graduation in 1915 and had served
three years as deputy distinct attor
ney for Alameda County prior to
holding the Oakland ppst in 1930-21.
Jane Higgins, his daughter, is en
rolled at Stanford this year as a
senior.
Preston Higgins, Stanford gradu
ate and former city attorney of Oak
land, died in Berkeley yesterday. He
enraged in legal work following his
graduation in 1915 and had served
three years as deputy distinct attor
ney for Alameda County prior to
holding the Oakland ppst in 1930-21.
Jane Higgins, his daughter, is en
rolled at Stanford this year as a
senior.
Preston Higgins, Stanford gradu
ate and former city attorney of Oak
land, died in Berkeley yesterday. He
enraged in legal work following his
graduation in 1915 and had served
three years as deputy distinct attor
ney for Alameda County prior to
holding the Oakland ppst in 1930-21.
Jane Higgins, his daughter, is en
rolled at Stanford this year as a
senior.
