# Adv. 19 Page 11
## 
### 
skills is basketball, water polo
volleyball and tennis, all/most
required, past experience coachg
or wrking with kids desired
WWW.STANFORDTRAVEL.INFO
Book online travel steals and
deals, www.stanfordtravel.info
WANTED: High School Math Tutor -
skills is basketball, water polo
volleyball and tennis, all/most
required, past experience coachg
or wrking with kids desired
WWW.STANFORDTRAVEL.INFO
Book online travel steals and
deals, www.stanfordtravel.info
WANTED: High School Math Tutor -
skills is basketball, water polo
volleyball and tennis, all/most
required, past experience coachg
or wrking with kids desired
WWW.STANFORDTRAVEL.INFO
Book online travel steals and
deals, www.stanfordtravel.info
WANTED: High School Math Tutor -
skills is basketball, water polo
volleyball and tennis, all/most
required, past experience coachg
or wrking with kids desired
WWW.STANFORDTRAVEL.INFO
Book online travel steals and
deals, www.stanfordtravel.info
WANTED: High School Math Tutor -
skills is basketball, water polo
volleyball and tennis, all/most
required, past experience coachg
or wrking with kids desired
WWW.STANFORDTRAVEL.INFO
Book online travel steals and
deals, www.stanfordtravel.info
WANTED: High School Math Tutor -
skills is basketball, water polo
volleyball and tennis, all/most
required, past experience coachg
or wrking with kids desired
WWW.STANFORDTRAVEL.INFO
Book online travel steals and
deals, www.stanfordtravel.info
WANTED: High School Math Tutor -
