# HOT DOGS ON SALE AT STANFORD-U. C. GAME
## 
### 
Following the tip of the Y. W. C. A.,
which furnished hungry basketball fans
with hot dogs at the game with the
Olympic Club, all manner of eatables
will be on sale at the Stanford-Cali
fornia game next Saturday evening.
Among the relishing offers will be hot
dogs, peanuts, and candy liars.
Following the tip of the Y. W. C. A.,
which furnished hungry basketball fans
with hot dogs at the game with the
Olympic Club, all manner of eatables
will be on sale at the Stanford-Cali
fornia game next Saturday evening.
Among the relishing offers will be hot
dogs, peanuts, and candy liars.
Following the tip of the Y. W. C. A.,
which furnished hungry basketball fans
with hot dogs at the game with the
Olympic Club, all manner of eatables
will be on sale at the Stanford-Cali
fornia game next Saturday evening.
Among the relishing offers will be hot
dogs, peanuts, and candy liars.
Following the tip of the Y. W. C. A.,
which furnished hungry basketball fans
with hot dogs at the game with the
Olympic Club, all manner of eatables
will be on sale at the Stanford-Cali
fornia game next Saturday evening.
Among the relishing offers will be hot
dogs, peanuts, and candy liars.
Following the tip of the Y. W. C. A.,
which furnished hungry basketball fans
with hot dogs at the game with the
Olympic Club, all manner of eatables
will be on sale at the Stanford-Cali
fornia game next Saturday evening.
Among the relishing offers will be hot
dogs, peanuts, and candy liars.
Following the tip of the Y. W. C. A.,
which furnished hungry basketball fans
with hot dogs at the game with the
Olympic Club, all manner of eatables
will be on sale at the Stanford-Cali
fornia game next Saturday evening.
Among the relishing offers will be hot
dogs, peanuts, and candy liars.
Following the tip of the Y. W. C. A.,
which furnished hungry basketball fans
with hot dogs at the game with the
Olympic Club, all manner of eatables
will be on sale at the Stanford-Cali
fornia game next Saturday evening.
Among the relishing offers will be hot
dogs, peanuts, and candy liars.
Following the tip of the Y. W. C. A.,
which furnished hungry basketball fans
with hot dogs at the game with the
Olympic Club, all manner of eatables
will be on sale at the Stanford-Cali
fornia game next Saturday evening.
Among the relishing offers will be hot
dogs, peanuts, and candy liars.
Following the tip of the Y. W. C. A.,
which furnished hungry basketball fans
with hot dogs at the game with the
Olympic Club, all manner of eatables
will be on sale at the Stanford-Cali
fornia game next Saturday evening.
Among the relishing offers will be hot
dogs, peanuts, and candy liars.
Following the tip of the Y. W. C. A.,
which furnished hungry basketball fans
with hot dogs at the game with the
Olympic Club, all manner of eatables
will be on sale at the Stanford-Cali
fornia game next Saturday evening.
Among the relishing offers will be hot
dogs, peanuts, and candy liars.
Following the tip of the Y. W. C. A.,
which furnished hungry basketball fans
with hot dogs at the game with the
Olympic Club, all manner of eatables
will be on sale at the Stanford-Cali
fornia game next Saturday evening.
Among the relishing offers will be hot
dogs, peanuts, and candy liars.
Following the tip of the Y. W. C. A.,
which furnished hungry basketball fans
with hot dogs at the game with the
Olympic Club, all manner of eatables
will be on sale at the Stanford-Cali
fornia game next Saturday evening.
Among the relishing offers will be hot
dogs, peanuts, and candy liars.
Following the tip of the Y. W. C. A.,
which furnished hungry basketball fans
with hot dogs at the game with the
Olympic Club, all manner of eatables
will be on sale at the Stanford-Cali
fornia game next Saturday evening.
Among the relishing offers will be hot
dogs, peanuts, and candy liars.
Following the tip of the Y. W. C. A.,
which furnished hungry basketball fans
with hot dogs at the game with the
Olympic Club, all manner of eatables
will be on sale at the Stanford-Cali
fornia game next Saturday evening.
Among the relishing offers will be hot
dogs, peanuts, and candy liars.
