# Miss E.L. Buckingham Painfully Hurt.
## 
### 
Miss Elizabeth Lee Buckingham, 'OS,
sustained a painful injury yesterday
afternoon while driving on the King's
Mountain road. The horse which she
was driving became frightened :it an
automobile and overturned the buggy,
Miss Buckingham sustaining a com
pound fracture of the ankle.
Miss Buckingham has been very
prominent in women's activities at
Stanford, and is a member of the
Masquers and of Chi Omega sorority.
Miss Elizabeth Lee Buckingham, 'OS,
sustained a painful injury yesterday
afternoon while driving on the King's
Mountain road. The horse which she
was driving became frightened :it an
automobile and overturned the buggy,
Miss Buckingham sustaining a com
pound fracture of the ankle.
Miss Buckingham has been very
prominent in women's activities at
Stanford, and is a member of the
Masquers and of Chi Omega sorority.
Miss Elizabeth Lee Buckingham, 'OS,
sustained a painful injury yesterday
afternoon while driving on the King's
Mountain road. The horse which she
was driving became frightened :it an
automobile and overturned the buggy,
Miss Buckingham sustaining a com
pound fracture of the ankle.
Miss Buckingham has been very
prominent in women's activities at
Stanford, and is a member of the
Masquers and of Chi Omega sorority.
Miss Elizabeth Lee Buckingham, 'OS,
sustained a painful injury yesterday
afternoon while driving on the King's
Mountain road. The horse which she
was driving became frightened :it an
automobile and overturned the buggy,
Miss Buckingham sustaining a com
pound fracture of the ankle.
Miss Buckingham has been very
prominent in women's activities at
Stanford, and is a member of the
Masquers and of Chi Omega sorority.
Miss Elizabeth Lee Buckingham, 'OS,
sustained a painful injury yesterday
afternoon while driving on the King's
Mountain road. The horse which she
was driving became frightened :it an
automobile and overturned the buggy,
Miss Buckingham sustaining a com
pound fracture of the ankle.
Miss Buckingham has been very
prominent in women's activities at
Stanford, and is a member of the
Masquers and of Chi Omega sorority.
Miss Elizabeth Lee Buckingham, 'OS,
sustained a painful injury yesterday
afternoon while driving on the King's
Mountain road. The horse which she
was driving became frightened :it an
automobile and overturned the buggy,
Miss Buckingham sustaining a com
pound fracture of the ankle.
Miss Buckingham has been very
prominent in women's activities at
Stanford, and is a member of the
Masquers and of Chi Omega sorority.
Miss Elizabeth Lee Buckingham, 'OS,
sustained a painful injury yesterday
afternoon while driving on the King's
Mountain road. The horse which she
was driving became frightened :it an
automobile and overturned the buggy,
Miss Buckingham sustaining a com
pound fracture of the ankle.
Miss Buckingham has been very
prominent in women's activities at
Stanford, and is a member of the
Masquers and of Chi Omega sorority.
Miss Elizabeth Lee Buckingham, 'OS,
sustained a painful injury yesterday
afternoon while driving on the King's
Mountain road. The horse which she
was driving became frightened :it an
automobile and overturned the buggy,
Miss Buckingham sustaining a com
pound fracture of the ankle.
Miss Buckingham has been very
prominent in women's activities at
Stanford, and is a member of the
Masquers and of Chi Omega sorority.
Miss Elizabeth Lee Buckingham, 'OS,
sustained a painful injury yesterday
afternoon while driving on the King's
Mountain road. The horse which she
was driving became frightened :it an
automobile and overturned the buggy,
Miss Buckingham sustaining a com
pound fracture of the ankle.
Miss Buckingham has been very
prominent in women's activities at
Stanford, and is a member of the
Masquers and of Chi Omega sorority.
Miss Elizabeth Lee Buckingham, 'OS,
sustained a painful injury yesterday
afternoon while driving on the King's
Mountain road. The horse which she
was driving became frightened :it an
automobile and overturned the buggy,
Miss Buckingham sustaining a com
pound fracture of the ankle.
Miss Buckingham has been very
prominent in women's activities at
Stanford, and is a member of the
Masquers and of Chi Omega sorority.
Miss Elizabeth Lee Buckingham, 'OS,
sustained a painful injury yesterday
afternoon while driving on the King's
Mountain road. The horse which she
was driving became frightened :it an
automobile and overturned the buggy,
Miss Buckingham sustaining a com
pound fracture of the ankle.
Miss Buckingham has been very
prominent in women's activities at
Stanford, and is a member of the
Masquers and of Chi Omega sorority.
