# Art Club Will Hold Exhibition.
## 
### 
The Stanford Art Club will hold an
exhibition of work from the Chicago
Art Institute, beginning to-morrow
and extending to November 2, in the
Old Studio. The collection consists
of paintings, drawings, sketches, de
signs and mural decorations, and rep
resents the best work done at the
Chicago Art Institute for the last
two years. The Chicago Art Institute
is the largest and best school if its
kind in the United States, and the
exhibition is well worth visiting. Ad
mission is free and the hours are
from 2 to 6.
The Stanford Art Club will hold an
exhibition of work from the Chicago
Art Institute, beginning to-morrow
and extending to November 2, in the
Old Studio. The collection consists
of paintings, drawings, sketches, de
signs and mural decorations, and rep
resents the best work done at the
Chicago Art Institute for the last
two years. The Chicago Art Institute
is the largest and best school if its
kind in the United States, and the
exhibition is well worth visiting. Ad
mission is free and the hours are
from 2 to 6.
The Stanford Art Club will hold an
exhibition of work from the Chicago
Art Institute, beginning to-morrow
and extending to November 2, in the
Old Studio. The collection consists
of paintings, drawings, sketches, de
signs and mural decorations, and rep
resents the best work done at the
Chicago Art Institute for the last
two years. The Chicago Art Institute
is the largest and best school if its
kind in the United States, and the
exhibition is well worth visiting. Ad
mission is free and the hours are
from 2 to 6.
The Stanford Art Club will hold an
exhibition of work from the Chicago
Art Institute, beginning to-morrow
and extending to November 2, in the
Old Studio. The collection consists
of paintings, drawings, sketches, de
signs and mural decorations, and rep
resents the best work done at the
Chicago Art Institute for the last
two years. The Chicago Art Institute
is the largest and best school if its
kind in the United States, and the
exhibition is well worth visiting. Ad
mission is free and the hours are
from 2 to 6.
The Stanford Art Club will hold an
exhibition of work from the Chicago
Art Institute, beginning to-morrow
and extending to November 2, in the
Old Studio. The collection consists
of paintings, drawings, sketches, de
signs and mural decorations, and rep
resents the best work done at the
Chicago Art Institute for the last
two years. The Chicago Art Institute
is the largest and best school if its
kind in the United States, and the
exhibition is well worth visiting. Ad
mission is free and the hours are
from 2 to 6.
The Stanford Art Club will hold an
exhibition of work from the Chicago
Art Institute, beginning to-morrow
and extending to November 2, in the
Old Studio. The collection consists
of paintings, drawings, sketches, de
signs and mural decorations, and rep
resents the best work done at the
Chicago Art Institute for the last
two years. The Chicago Art Institute
is the largest and best school if its
kind in the United States, and the
exhibition is well worth visiting. Ad
mission is free and the hours are
from 2 to 6.
The Stanford Art Club will hold an
exhibition of work from the Chicago
Art Institute, beginning to-morrow
and extending to November 2, in the
Old Studio. The collection consists
of paintings, drawings, sketches, de
signs and mural decorations, and rep
resents the best work done at the
Chicago Art Institute for the last
two years. The Chicago Art Institute
is the largest and best school if its
kind in the United States, and the
exhibition is well worth visiting. Ad
mission is free and the hours are
from 2 to 6.
The Stanford Art Club will hold an
exhibition of work from the Chicago
Art Institute, beginning to-morrow
and extending to November 2, in the
Old Studio. The collection consists
of paintings, drawings, sketches, de
signs and mural decorations, and rep
resents the best work done at the
Chicago Art Institute for the last
two years. The Chicago Art Institute
is the largest and best school if its
kind in the United States, and the
exhibition is well worth visiting. Ad
mission is free and the hours are
from 2 to 6.
The Stanford Art Club will hold an
exhibition of work from the Chicago
Art Institute, beginning to-morrow
and extending to November 2, in the
Old Studio. The collection consists
of paintings, drawings, sketches, de
signs and mural decorations, and rep
resents the best work done at the
Chicago Art Institute for the last
two years. The Chicago Art Institute
is the largest and best school if its
kind in the United States, and the
exhibition is well worth visiting. Ad
mission is free and the hours are
from 2 to 6.
The Stanford Art Club will hold an
exhibition of work from the Chicago
Art Institute, beginning to-morrow
and extending to November 2, in the
Old Studio. The collection consists
of paintings, drawings, sketches, de
signs and mural decorations, and rep
resents the best work done at the
Chicago Art Institute for the last
two years. The Chicago Art Institute
is the largest and best school if its
kind in the United States, and the
exhibition is well worth visiting. Ad
mission is free and the hours are
from 2 to 6.
The Stanford Art Club will hold an
exhibition of work from the Chicago
Art Institute, beginning to-morrow
and extending to November 2, in the
Old Studio. The collection consists
of paintings, drawings, sketches, de
signs and mural decorations, and rep
resents the best work done at the
Chicago Art Institute for the last
two years. The Chicago Art Institute
is the largest and best school if its
kind in the United States, and the
exhibition is well worth visiting. Ad
mission is free and the hours are
from 2 to 6.
