# To Lecture on Palestine
## 
### 
Rev. Professor Wicher, D.D., is to
deliver a lecture in 1 lie University
Chapel, Tuesday evening, October 26,
upon the subject of "Reeenr Archaeo
logical Investigations in Palestine."
The lecture is to be illustrated by
slides taken by Dr. Wicher on a re
cent expedition to Palestine. The
university public is cordially invited
to be present by the Stanford Faculty
Members of the Archaeological Insti
tute of America, under whose auspices
the lecture is to be given.
Rev. Professor Wicher, D.D., is to
deliver a lecture in 1 lie University
Chapel, Tuesday evening, October 26,
upon the subject of "Reeenr Archaeo
logical Investigations in Palestine."
The lecture is to be illustrated by
slides taken by Dr. Wicher on a re
cent expedition to Palestine. The
university public is cordially invited
to be present by the Stanford Faculty
Members of the Archaeological Insti
tute of America, under whose auspices
the lecture is to be given.
Rev. Professor Wicher, D.D., is to
deliver a lecture in 1 lie University
Chapel, Tuesday evening, October 26,
upon the subject of "Reeenr Archaeo
logical Investigations in Palestine."
The lecture is to be illustrated by
slides taken by Dr. Wicher on a re
cent expedition to Palestine. The
university public is cordially invited
to be present by the Stanford Faculty
Members of the Archaeological Insti
tute of America, under whose auspices
the lecture is to be given.
Rev. Professor Wicher, D.D., is to
deliver a lecture in 1 lie University
Chapel, Tuesday evening, October 26,
upon the subject of "Reeenr Archaeo
logical Investigations in Palestine."
The lecture is to be illustrated by
slides taken by Dr. Wicher on a re
cent expedition to Palestine. The
university public is cordially invited
to be present by the Stanford Faculty
Members of the Archaeological Insti
tute of America, under whose auspices
the lecture is to be given.
Rev. Professor Wicher, D.D., is to
deliver a lecture in 1 lie University
Chapel, Tuesday evening, October 26,
upon the subject of "Reeenr Archaeo
logical Investigations in Palestine."
The lecture is to be illustrated by
slides taken by Dr. Wicher on a re
cent expedition to Palestine. The
university public is cordially invited
to be present by the Stanford Faculty
Members of the Archaeological Insti
tute of America, under whose auspices
the lecture is to be given.
Rev. Professor Wicher, D.D., is to
deliver a lecture in 1 lie University
Chapel, Tuesday evening, October 26,
upon the subject of "Reeenr Archaeo
logical Investigations in Palestine."
The lecture is to be illustrated by
slides taken by Dr. Wicher on a re
cent expedition to Palestine. The
university public is cordially invited
to be present by the Stanford Faculty
Members of the Archaeological Insti
tute of America, under whose auspices
the lecture is to be given.
Rev. Professor Wicher, D.D., is to
deliver a lecture in 1 lie University
Chapel, Tuesday evening, October 26,
upon the subject of "Reeenr Archaeo
logical Investigations in Palestine."
The lecture is to be illustrated by
slides taken by Dr. Wicher on a re
cent expedition to Palestine. The
university public is cordially invited
to be present by the Stanford Faculty
Members of the Archaeological Insti
tute of America, under whose auspices
the lecture is to be given.
Rev. Professor Wicher, D.D., is to
deliver a lecture in 1 lie University
Chapel, Tuesday evening, October 26,
upon the subject of "Reeenr Archaeo
logical Investigations in Palestine."
The lecture is to be illustrated by
slides taken by Dr. Wicher on a re
cent expedition to Palestine. The
university public is cordially invited
to be present by the Stanford Faculty
Members of the Archaeological Insti
tute of America, under whose auspices
the lecture is to be given.
Rev. Professor Wicher, D.D., is to
deliver a lecture in 1 lie University
Chapel, Tuesday evening, October 26,
upon the subject of "Reeenr Archaeo
logical Investigations in Palestine."
The lecture is to be illustrated by
slides taken by Dr. Wicher on a re
cent expedition to Palestine. The
university public is cordially invited
to be present by the Stanford Faculty
Members of the Archaeological Insti
tute of America, under whose auspices
the lecture is to be given.
Rev. Professor Wicher, D.D., is to
deliver a lecture in 1 lie University
Chapel, Tuesday evening, October 26,
upon the subject of "Reeenr Archaeo
logical Investigations in Palestine."
The lecture is to be illustrated by
slides taken by Dr. Wicher on a re
cent expedition to Palestine. The
university public is cordially invited
to be present by the Stanford Faculty
Members of the Archaeological Insti
tute of America, under whose auspices
the lecture is to be given.
Rev. Professor Wicher, D.D., is to
deliver a lecture in 1 lie University
Chapel, Tuesday evening, October 26,
upon the subject of "Reeenr Archaeo
logical Investigations in Palestine."
The lecture is to be illustrated by
slides taken by Dr. Wicher on a re
cent expedition to Palestine. The
university public is cordially invited
to be present by the Stanford Faculty
Members of the Archaeological Insti
tute of America, under whose auspices
the lecture is to be given.
