# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The manner in which the Stanford
alumni in Los Angeles assisted Man
ager Burbank in advertising and ar
ranging the game with the Castaways
on Saturday, furnishes an excellent
example 01 loyalty to the university
and specilic application oi' Stanford
Spirit.
Several men devoted their entire
attention to assisting the manager in
bis publicity campaign and ialer seat
personal solicitations to friends re
questing them to attend the contest.
When the match was called, nearly
every Stanford man in tlie city was
on the bleachers rooting for the var
sity fifteen.
That such a number of tlie alumni
sustain an interest in the university
and its Student Body which induces
them to sacrifice time and business
interests in order to demonstrate their
support by attendance at a varsity
contest, evidences a genuine univer
sity loyalty.
