# Well-Known Horticulturist to Lecture.
## 
### 
Carl Purdy, the well-known horti
culturist, will lecture on the culture
ot' California wild flowers, Thursday
at 1:30 in room -IGO, Botany building.
All who are interested are invited to
attend.
Carl Purdy, the well-known horti
culturist, will lecture on the culture
ot' California wild flowers, Thursday
at 1:30 in room -IGO, Botany building.
All who are interested are invited to
attend.
Carl Purdy, the well-known horti
culturist, will lecture on the culture
ot' California wild flowers, Thursday
at 1:30 in room -IGO, Botany building.
All who are interested are invited to
attend.
Carl Purdy, the well-known horti
culturist, will lecture on the culture
ot' California wild flowers, Thursday
at 1:30 in room -IGO, Botany building.
All who are interested are invited to
attend.
Carl Purdy, the well-known horti
culturist, will lecture on the culture
ot' California wild flowers, Thursday
at 1:30 in room -IGO, Botany building.
All who are interested are invited to
attend.
Carl Purdy, the well-known horti
culturist, will lecture on the culture
ot' California wild flowers, Thursday
at 1:30 in room -IGO, Botany building.
All who are interested are invited to
attend.
Carl Purdy, the well-known horti
culturist, will lecture on the culture
ot' California wild flowers, Thursday
at 1:30 in room -IGO, Botany building.
All who are interested are invited to
attend.
Carl Purdy, the well-known horti
culturist, will lecture on the culture
ot' California wild flowers, Thursday
at 1:30 in room -IGO, Botany building.
All who are interested are invited to
attend.
Carl Purdy, the well-known horti
culturist, will lecture on the culture
ot' California wild flowers, Thursday
at 1:30 in room -IGO, Botany building.
All who are interested are invited to
attend.
Carl Purdy, the well-known horti
culturist, will lecture on the culture
ot' California wild flowers, Thursday
at 1:30 in room -IGO, Botany building.
All who are interested are invited to
attend.
Carl Purdy, the well-known horti
culturist, will lecture on the culture
ot' California wild flowers, Thursday
at 1:30 in room -IGO, Botany building.
All who are interested are invited to
attend.
