# Fireside Group To Meet For Weekly Music Hour
## 
### 
The Fireside Group will meet for
iLs weekly music hour from 5 to (>
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Dorothea Snively, chairman,
announces that the Fireside Hour is
open to any student interested.
Students at Montana are spending
$150 less per annum now than three
years ago.
The Fireside Group will meet for
iLs weekly music hour from 5 to (>
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Dorothea Snively, chairman,
announces that the Fireside Hour is
open to any student interested.
Students at Montana are spending
$150 less per annum now than three
years ago.
The Fireside Group will meet for
iLs weekly music hour from 5 to (>
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Dorothea Snively, chairman,
announces that the Fireside Hour is
open to any student interested.
Students at Montana are spending
$150 less per annum now than three
years ago.
The Fireside Group will meet for
iLs weekly music hour from 5 to (>
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Dorothea Snively, chairman,
announces that the Fireside Hour is
open to any student interested.
Students at Montana are spending
$150 less per annum now than three
years ago.
The Fireside Group will meet for
iLs weekly music hour from 5 to (>
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Dorothea Snively, chairman,
announces that the Fireside Hour is
open to any student interested.
Students at Montana are spending
$150 less per annum now than three
years ago.
The Fireside Group will meet for
iLs weekly music hour from 5 to (>
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Dorothea Snively, chairman,
announces that the Fireside Hour is
open to any student interested.
Students at Montana are spending
$150 less per annum now than three
years ago.
The Fireside Group will meet for
iLs weekly music hour from 5 to (>
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Dorothea Snively, chairman,
announces that the Fireside Hour is
open to any student interested.
Students at Montana are spending
$150 less per annum now than three
years ago.
The Fireside Group will meet for
iLs weekly music hour from 5 to (>
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Dorothea Snively, chairman,
announces that the Fireside Hour is
open to any student interested.
Students at Montana are spending
$150 less per annum now than three
years ago.
The Fireside Group will meet for
iLs weekly music hour from 5 to (>
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Dorothea Snively, chairman,
announces that the Fireside Hour is
open to any student interested.
Students at Montana are spending
$150 less per annum now than three
years ago.
The Fireside Group will meet for
iLs weekly music hour from 5 to (>
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Dorothea Snively, chairman,
announces that the Fireside Hour is
open to any student interested.
Students at Montana are spending
$150 less per annum now than three
years ago.
The Fireside Group will meet for
iLs weekly music hour from 5 to (>
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Dorothea Snively, chairman,
announces that the Fireside Hour is
open to any student interested.
Students at Montana are spending
$150 less per annum now than three
years ago.
The Fireside Group will meet for
iLs weekly music hour from 5 to (>
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Dorothea Snively, chairman,
announces that the Fireside Hour is
open to any student interested.
Students at Montana are spending
$150 less per annum now than three
years ago.
The Fireside Group will meet for
iLs weekly music hour from 5 to (>
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Dorothea Snively, chairman,
announces that the Fireside Hour is
open to any student interested.
Students at Montana are spending
$150 less per annum now than three
years ago.
The Fireside Group will meet for
iLs weekly music hour from 5 to (>
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Dorothea Snively, chairman,
announces that the Fireside Hour is
open to any student interested.
Students at Montana are spending
$150 less per annum now than three
years ago.
