# CAMPUS OPINION
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
Tonight the campus will have the
rare opportunity of hearing the
world-famed violinist, Yehudi Men
uhin. This is a great privilege and
all we have to do is pay a dollar
and walk into the Basketball Pa
vilion. People are coming to hea"
(he concert from points as far dis
tant as Pebble Beach, San Fran
cisco, and Oakland and they are not
only paying three times as much
as we, but are traveling many miles.
Last year the students voted six
teen to one in favor of the Concert
Series. It's up to us to .show that
this overwhelming majority was
something more than a vote idly
cast. Haven't we enough energy or
interest to walk a few blocks and
hear one of the world's finest artists?
Let's show that Stanford students
appreciate good music and take ad
vantage of their cultural opportuni
ties! —Marion Hewlett, '33
The Editor, Sir:
Tonight the campus will have the
rare opportunity of hearing the
world-famed violinist, Yehudi Men
uhin. This is a great privilege and
all we have to do is pay a dollar
and walk into the Basketball Pa
vilion. People are coming to hea"
(he concert from points as far dis
tant as Pebble Beach, San Fran
cisco, and Oakland and they are not
only paying three times as much
as we, but are traveling many miles.
Last year the students voted six
teen to one in favor of the Concert
Series. It's up to us to .show that
this overwhelming majority was
something more than a vote idly
cast. Haven't we enough energy or
interest to walk a few blocks and
hear one of the world's finest artists?
Let's show that Stanford students
appreciate good music and take ad
vantage of their cultural opportuni
ties! —Marion Hewlett, '33
The Editor, Sir:
Tonight the campus will have the
rare opportunity of hearing the
world-famed violinist, Yehudi Men
uhin. This is a great privilege and
all we have to do is pay a dollar
and walk into the Basketball Pa
vilion. People are coming to hea"
(he concert from points as far dis
tant as Pebble Beach, San Fran
cisco, and Oakland and they are not
only paying three times as much
as we, but are traveling many miles.
Last year the students voted six
teen to one in favor of the Concert
Series. It's up to us to .show that
this overwhelming majority was
something more than a vote idly
cast. Haven't we enough energy or
interest to walk a few blocks and
hear one of the world's finest artists?
Let's show that Stanford students
appreciate good music and take ad
vantage of their cultural opportuni
ties! —Marion Hewlett, '33
The Editor, Sir:
Tonight the campus will have the
rare opportunity of hearing the
world-famed violinist, Yehudi Men
uhin. This is a great privilege and
all we have to do is pay a dollar
and walk into the Basketball Pa
vilion. People are coming to hea"
(he concert from points as far dis
tant as Pebble Beach, San Fran
cisco, and Oakland and they are not
only paying three times as much
as we, but are traveling many miles.
Last year the students voted six
teen to one in favor of the Concert
Series. It's up to us to .show that
this overwhelming majority was
something more than a vote idly
cast. Haven't we enough energy or
interest to walk a few blocks and
hear one of the world's finest artists?
Let's show that Stanford students
appreciate good music and take ad
vantage of their cultural opportuni
ties! —Marion Hewlett, '33
The Editor, Sir:
Tonight the campus will have the
rare opportunity of hearing the
world-famed violinist, Yehudi Men
uhin. This is a great privilege and
all we have to do is pay a dollar
and walk into the Basketball Pa
vilion. People are coming to hea"
(he concert from points as far dis
tant as Pebble Beach, San Fran
cisco, and Oakland and they are not
only paying three times as much
as we, but are traveling many miles.
Last year the students voted six
teen to one in favor of the Concert
Series. It's up to us to .show that
this overwhelming majority was
something more than a vote idly
cast. Haven't we enough energy or
interest to walk a few blocks and
hear one of the world's finest artists?
Let's show that Stanford students
appreciate good music and take ad
vantage of their cultural opportuni
ties! —Marion Hewlett, '33
The Editor, Sir:
Tonight the campus will have the
rare opportunity of hearing the
world-famed violinist, Yehudi Men
uhin. This is a great privilege and
all we have to do is pay a dollar
and walk into the Basketball Pa
vilion. People are coming to hea"
(he concert from points as far dis
tant as Pebble Beach, San Fran
cisco, and Oakland and they are not
only paying three times as much
as we, but are traveling many miles.
Last year the students voted six
teen to one in favor of the Concert
Series. It's up to us to .show that
this overwhelming majority was
something more than a vote idly
cast. Haven't we enough energy or
interest to walk a few blocks and
hear one of the world's finest artists?
Let's show that Stanford students
appreciate good music and take ad
vantage of their cultural opportuni
ties! —Marion Hewlett, '33
The Editor, Sir:
Tonight the campus will have the
rare opportunity of hearing the
world-famed violinist, Yehudi Men
uhin. This is a great privilege and
all we have to do is pay a dollar
and walk into the Basketball Pa
vilion. People are coming to hea"
(he concert from points as far dis
tant as Pebble Beach, San Fran
cisco, and Oakland and they are not
only paying three times as much
as we, but are traveling many miles.
Last year the students voted six
teen to one in favor of the Concert
Series. It's up to us to .show that
this overwhelming majority was
something more than a vote idly
cast. Haven't we enough energy or
interest to walk a few blocks and
hear one of the world's finest artists?
Let's show that Stanford students
appreciate good music and take ad
vantage of their cultural opportuni
ties! —Marion Hewlett, '33
The Editor, Sir:
Tonight the campus will have the
rare opportunity of hearing the
world-famed violinist, Yehudi Men
uhin. This is a great privilege and
all we have to do is pay a dollar
and walk into the Basketball Pa
vilion. People are coming to hea"
(he concert from points as far dis
tant as Pebble Beach, San Fran
cisco, and Oakland and they are not
only paying three times as much
as we, but are traveling many miles.
Last year the students voted six
teen to one in favor of the Concert
Series. It's up to us to .show that
this overwhelming majority was
something more than a vote idly
cast. Haven't we enough energy or
interest to walk a few blocks and
hear one of the world's finest artists?
Let's show that Stanford students
appreciate good music and take ad
vantage of their cultural opportuni
ties! —Marion Hewlett, '33
The Editor, Sir:
Tonight the campus will have the
rare opportunity of hearing the
world-famed violinist, Yehudi Men
uhin. This is a great privilege and
all we have to do is pay a dollar
and walk into the Basketball Pa
vilion. People are coming to hea"
(he concert from points as far dis
tant as Pebble Beach, San Fran
cisco, and Oakland and they are not
only paying three times as much
as we, but are traveling many miles.
Last year the students voted six
teen to one in favor of the Concert
Series. It's up to us to .show that
this overwhelming majority was
something more than a vote idly
cast. Haven't we enough energy or
interest to walk a few blocks and
hear one of the world's finest artists?
Let's show that Stanford students
appreciate good music and take ad
vantage of their cultural opportuni
ties! —Marion Hewlett, '33
The Editor, Sir:
Tonight the campus will have the
rare opportunity of hearing the
world-famed violinist, Yehudi Men
uhin. This is a great privilege and
all we have to do is pay a dollar
and walk into the Basketball Pa
vilion. People are coming to hea"
(he concert from points as far dis
tant as Pebble Beach, San Fran
cisco, and Oakland and they are not
only paying three times as much
as we, but are traveling many miles.
Last year the students voted six
teen to one in favor of the Concert
Series. It's up to us to .show that
this overwhelming majority was
something more than a vote idly
cast. Haven't we enough energy or
interest to walk a few blocks and
hear one of the world's finest artists?
Let's show that Stanford students
appreciate good music and take ad
vantage of their cultural opportuni
ties! —Marion Hewlett, '33
The Editor, Sir:
Tonight the campus will have the
rare opportunity of hearing the
world-famed violinist, Yehudi Men
uhin. This is a great privilege and
all we have to do is pay a dollar
and walk into the Basketball Pa
vilion. People are coming to hea"
(he concert from points as far dis
tant as Pebble Beach, San Fran
cisco, and Oakland and they are not
only paying three times as much
as we, but are traveling many miles.
Last year the students voted six
teen to one in favor of the Concert
Series. It's up to us to .show that
this overwhelming majority was
something more than a vote idly
cast. Haven't we enough energy or
interest to walk a few blocks and
hear one of the world's finest artists?
Let's show that Stanford students
appreciate good music and take ad
vantage of their cultural opportuni
ties! —Marion Hewlett, '33
The Editor, Sir:
Tonight the campus will have the
rare opportunity of hearing the
world-famed violinist, Yehudi Men
uhin. This is a great privilege and
all we have to do is pay a dollar
and walk into the Basketball Pa
vilion. People are coming to hea"
(he concert from points as far dis
tant as Pebble Beach, San Fran
cisco, and Oakland and they are not
only paying three times as much
as we, but are traveling many miles.
Last year the students voted six
teen to one in favor of the Concert
Series. It's up to us to .show that
this overwhelming majority was
something more than a vote idly
cast. Haven't we enough energy or
interest to walk a few blocks and
hear one of the world's finest artists?
Let's show that Stanford students
appreciate good music and take ad
vantage of their cultural opportuni
ties! —Marion Hewlett, '33
The Editor, Sir:
Tonight the campus will have the
rare opportunity of hearing the
world-famed violinist, Yehudi Men
uhin. This is a great privilege and
all we have to do is pay a dollar
and walk into the Basketball Pa
vilion. People are coming to hea"
(he concert from points as far dis
tant as Pebble Beach, San Fran
cisco, and Oakland and they are not
only paying three times as much
as we, but are traveling many miles.
Last year the students voted six
teen to one in favor of the Concert
Series. It's up to us to .show that
this overwhelming majority was
something more than a vote idly
cast. Haven't we enough energy or
interest to walk a few blocks and
hear one of the world's finest artists?
Let's show that Stanford students
appreciate good music and take ad
vantage of their cultural opportuni
ties! —Marion Hewlett, '33
The Editor, Sir:
Tonight the campus will have the
rare opportunity of hearing the
world-famed violinist, Yehudi Men
uhin. This is a great privilege and
all we have to do is pay a dollar
and walk into the Basketball Pa
vilion. People are coming to hea"
(he concert from points as far dis
tant as Pebble Beach, San Fran
cisco, and Oakland and they are not
only paying three times as much
as we, but are traveling many miles.
Last year the students voted six
teen to one in favor of the Concert
Series. It's up to us to .show that
this overwhelming majority was
something more than a vote idly
cast. Haven't we enough energy or
interest to walk a few blocks and
hear one of the world's finest artists?
Let's show that Stanford students
appreciate good music and take ad
vantage of their cultural opportuni
ties! —Marion Hewlett, '33
