# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Arkansas ranked second in the
nation in the production of rice
in 1956.
Arkansas ranked second in the
nation in the production of rice
in 1956.
Arkansas ranked second in the
nation in the production of rice
in 1956.
Arkansas ranked second in the
nation in the production of rice
in 1956.
Arkansas ranked second in the
nation in the production of rice
in 1956.
Arkansas ranked second in the
nation in the production of rice
in 1956.
Arkansas ranked second in the
nation in the production of rice
in 1956.
Arkansas ranked second in the
nation in the production of rice
in 1956.
Arkansas ranked second in the
nation in the production of rice
in 1956.
Arkansas ranked second in the
nation in the production of rice
in 1956.
Arkansas ranked second in the
nation in the production of rice
in 1956.
Arkansas ranked second in the
nation in the production of rice
in 1956.
Arkansas ranked second in the
nation in the production of rice
in 1956.
Arkansas ranked second in the
nation in the production of rice
in 1956.
Arkansas ranked second in the
nation in the production of rice
in 1956.
Arkansas ranked second in the
nation in the production of rice
in 1956.
Arkansas ranked second in the
nation in the production of rice
in 1956.
