# Baez, Sibley Will Protest
## 
### 
A "Stop Nuclear Tests" Parade
will be held in Palo Alto on Sat
urday.
Two Stanford professors, Dr.
Albert Baez and Mulford Sibley,
will bo among the four speakers.
The parade will leave Univer
sity and Cowper streets at 1:30
p.m. and will end at Cogswell
Park at the corner of Lytton and
Ramona.
Felix Greene, who spoke at a
Tuesday Evening Series program
last quarter on Communist China,
and the Rev. Marvin Stuart, pas
tor of Ihe First Methodist Church
in Palo Alio, will also speak.
The protest is sponsored by the
Peninsula Committee for the
Abolition of Nuclear Tesls. Baez
described (he groups as "a group
of private citizens who derive
iheir interest in the problem
from different wellsprings . . .
(hey are not associated with any
par)icular organization."
Baez added that: "Protests
against the tests have spontane
ously arisen in many countries.
There is a feeling . . . that things
cannot go on as they have been."
Baez told The Daily that al
though the situation is compli
cated, and although a simple
clearcut answer to the problem
lias not been devised, perhaps
"pressure" should be used on na
tional leaders to see that some
solution is developed.
A "Stop Nuclear Tests" Parade
will be held in Palo Alto on Sat
urday.
Two Stanford professors, Dr.
Albert Baez and Mulford Sibley,
will bo among the four speakers.
The parade will leave Univer
sity and Cowper streets at 1:30
p.m. and will end at Cogswell
Park at the corner of Lytton and
Ramona.
Felix Greene, who spoke at a
Tuesday Evening Series program
last quarter on Communist China,
and the Rev. Marvin Stuart, pas
tor of Ihe First Methodist Church
in Palo Alio, will also speak.
The protest is sponsored by the
Peninsula Committee for the
Abolition of Nuclear Tesls. Baez
described (he groups as "a group
of private citizens who derive
iheir interest in the problem
from different wellsprings . . .
(hey are not associated with any
par)icular organization."
Baez added that: "Protests
against the tests have spontane
ously arisen in many countries.
There is a feeling . . . that things
cannot go on as they have been."
Baez told The Daily that al
though the situation is compli
cated, and although a simple
clearcut answer to the problem
lias not been devised, perhaps
"pressure" should be used on na
tional leaders to see that some
solution is developed.
A "Stop Nuclear Tests" Parade
will be held in Palo Alto on Sat
urday.
Two Stanford professors, Dr.
Albert Baez and Mulford Sibley,
will bo among the four speakers.
The parade will leave Univer
sity and Cowper streets at 1:30
p.m. and will end at Cogswell
Park at the corner of Lytton and
Ramona.
Felix Greene, who spoke at a
Tuesday Evening Series program
last quarter on Communist China,
and the Rev. Marvin Stuart, pas
tor of Ihe First Methodist Church
in Palo Alio, will also speak.
The protest is sponsored by the
Peninsula Committee for the
Abolition of Nuclear Tesls. Baez
described (he groups as "a group
of private citizens who derive
iheir interest in the problem
from different wellsprings . . .
(hey are not associated with any
par)icular organization."
Baez added that: "Protests
against the tests have spontane
ously arisen in many countries.
There is a feeling . . . that things
cannot go on as they have been."
Baez told The Daily that al
though the situation is compli
cated, and although a simple
clearcut answer to the problem
lias not been devised, perhaps
"pressure" should be used on na
tional leaders to see that some
solution is developed.
A "Stop Nuclear Tests" Parade
will be held in Palo Alto on Sat
urday.
Two Stanford professors, Dr.
Albert Baez and Mulford Sibley,
will bo among the four speakers.
The parade will leave Univer
sity and Cowper streets at 1:30
p.m. and will end at Cogswell
Park at the corner of Lytton and
Ramona.
Felix Greene, who spoke at a
Tuesday Evening Series program
last quarter on Communist China,
and the Rev. Marvin Stuart, pas
tor of Ihe First Methodist Church
in Palo Alio, will also speak.
The protest is sponsored by the
Peninsula Committee for the
Abolition of Nuclear Tesls. Baez
described (he groups as "a group
of private citizens who derive
iheir interest in the problem
from different wellsprings . . .
(hey are not associated with any
par)icular organization."
Baez added that: "Protests
against the tests have spontane
ously arisen in many countries.
There is a feeling . . . that things
cannot go on as they have been."
Baez told The Daily that al
though the situation is compli
cated, and although a simple
clearcut answer to the problem
lias not been devised, perhaps
"pressure" should be used on na
tional leaders to see that some
solution is developed.
A "Stop Nuclear Tests" Parade
will be held in Palo Alto on Sat
urday.
Two Stanford professors, Dr.
Albert Baez and Mulford Sibley,
will bo among the four speakers.
The parade will leave Univer
sity and Cowper streets at 1:30
p.m. and will end at Cogswell
Park at the corner of Lytton and
Ramona.
Felix Greene, who spoke at a
Tuesday Evening Series program
last quarter on Communist China,
and the Rev. Marvin Stuart, pas
tor of Ihe First Methodist Church
in Palo Alio, will also speak.
The protest is sponsored by the
Peninsula Committee for the
Abolition of Nuclear Tesls. Baez
described (he groups as "a group
of private citizens who derive
iheir interest in the problem
from different wellsprings . . .
(hey are not associated with any
par)icular organization."
Baez added that: "Protests
against the tests have spontane
ously arisen in many countries.
There is a feeling . . . that things
cannot go on as they have been."
Baez told The Daily that al
though the situation is compli
cated, and although a simple
clearcut answer to the problem
lias not been devised, perhaps
"pressure" should be used on na
tional leaders to see that some
solution is developed.
A "Stop Nuclear Tests" Parade
will be held in Palo Alto on Sat
urday.
Two Stanford professors, Dr.
Albert Baez and Mulford Sibley,
will bo among the four speakers.
The parade will leave Univer
sity and Cowper streets at 1:30
p.m. and will end at Cogswell
Park at the corner of Lytton and
Ramona.
Felix Greene, who spoke at a
Tuesday Evening Series program
last quarter on Communist China,
and the Rev. Marvin Stuart, pas
tor of Ihe First Methodist Church
in Palo Alio, will also speak.
The protest is sponsored by the
Peninsula Committee for the
Abolition of Nuclear Tesls. Baez
described (he groups as "a group
of private citizens who derive
iheir interest in the problem
from different wellsprings . . .
(hey are not associated with any
par)icular organization."
Baez added that: "Protests
against the tests have spontane
ously arisen in many countries.
There is a feeling . . . that things
cannot go on as they have been."
Baez told The Daily that al
though the situation is compli
cated, and although a simple
clearcut answer to the problem
lias not been devised, perhaps
"pressure" should be used on na
tional leaders to see that some
solution is developed.
A "Stop Nuclear Tests" Parade
will be held in Palo Alto on Sat
urday.
Two Stanford professors, Dr.
Albert Baez and Mulford Sibley,
will bo among the four speakers.
The parade will leave Univer
sity and Cowper streets at 1:30
p.m. and will end at Cogswell
Park at the corner of Lytton and
Ramona.
Felix Greene, who spoke at a
Tuesday Evening Series program
last quarter on Communist China,
and the Rev. Marvin Stuart, pas
tor of Ihe First Methodist Church
in Palo Alio, will also speak.
The protest is sponsored by the
Peninsula Committee for the
Abolition of Nuclear Tesls. Baez
described (he groups as "a group
of private citizens who derive
iheir interest in the problem
from different wellsprings . . .
(hey are not associated with any
par)icular organization."
Baez added that: "Protests
against the tests have spontane
ously arisen in many countries.
There is a feeling . . . that things
cannot go on as they have been."
Baez told The Daily that al
though the situation is compli
cated, and although a simple
clearcut answer to the problem
lias not been devised, perhaps
"pressure" should be used on na
tional leaders to see that some
solution is developed.
A "Stop Nuclear Tests" Parade
will be held in Palo Alto on Sat
urday.
Two Stanford professors, Dr.
Albert Baez and Mulford Sibley,
will bo among the four speakers.
The parade will leave Univer
sity and Cowper streets at 1:30
p.m. and will end at Cogswell
Park at the corner of Lytton and
Ramona.
Felix Greene, who spoke at a
Tuesday Evening Series program
last quarter on Communist China,
and the Rev. Marvin Stuart, pas
tor of Ihe First Methodist Church
in Palo Alio, will also speak.
The protest is sponsored by the
Peninsula Committee for the
Abolition of Nuclear Tesls. Baez
described (he groups as "a group
of private citizens who derive
iheir interest in the problem
from different wellsprings . . .
(hey are not associated with any
par)icular organization."
Baez added that: "Protests
against the tests have spontane
ously arisen in many countries.
There is a feeling . . . that things
cannot go on as they have been."
Baez told The Daily that al
though the situation is compli
cated, and although a simple
clearcut answer to the problem
lias not been devised, perhaps
"pressure" should be used on na
tional leaders to see that some
solution is developed.
A "Stop Nuclear Tests" Parade
will be held in Palo Alto on Sat
urday.
Two Stanford professors, Dr.
Albert Baez and Mulford Sibley,
will bo among the four speakers.
The parade will leave Univer
sity and Cowper streets at 1:30
p.m. and will end at Cogswell
Park at the corner of Lytton and
Ramona.
Felix Greene, who spoke at a
Tuesday Evening Series program
last quarter on Communist China,
and the Rev. Marvin Stuart, pas
tor of Ihe First Methodist Church
in Palo Alio, will also speak.
The protest is sponsored by the
Peninsula Committee for the
Abolition of Nuclear Tesls. Baez
described (he groups as "a group
of private citizens who derive
iheir interest in the problem
from different wellsprings . . .
(hey are not associated with any
par)icular organization."
Baez added that: "Protests
against the tests have spontane
ously arisen in many countries.
There is a feeling . . . that things
cannot go on as they have been."
Baez told The Daily that al
though the situation is compli
cated, and although a simple
clearcut answer to the problem
lias not been devised, perhaps
"pressure" should be used on na
tional leaders to see that some
solution is developed.
A "Stop Nuclear Tests" Parade
will be held in Palo Alto on Sat
urday.
Two Stanford professors, Dr.
Albert Baez and Mulford Sibley,
will bo among the four speakers.
The parade will leave Univer
sity and Cowper streets at 1:30
p.m. and will end at Cogswell
Park at the corner of Lytton and
Ramona.
Felix Greene, who spoke at a
Tuesday Evening Series program
last quarter on Communist China,
and the Rev. Marvin Stuart, pas
tor of Ihe First Methodist Church
in Palo Alio, will also speak.
The protest is sponsored by the
Peninsula Committee for the
Abolition of Nuclear Tesls. Baez
described (he groups as "a group
of private citizens who derive
iheir interest in the problem
from different wellsprings . . .
(hey are not associated with any
par)icular organization."
Baez added that: "Protests
against the tests have spontane
ously arisen in many countries.
There is a feeling . . . that things
cannot go on as they have been."
Baez told The Daily that al
though the situation is compli
cated, and although a simple
clearcut answer to the problem
lias not been devised, perhaps
"pressure" should be used on na
tional leaders to see that some
solution is developed.
A "Stop Nuclear Tests" Parade
will be held in Palo Alto on Sat
urday.
Two Stanford professors, Dr.
Albert Baez and Mulford Sibley,
will bo among the four speakers.
The parade will leave Univer
sity and Cowper streets at 1:30
p.m. and will end at Cogswell
Park at the corner of Lytton and
Ramona.
Felix Greene, who spoke at a
Tuesday Evening Series program
last quarter on Communist China,
and the Rev. Marvin Stuart, pas
tor of Ihe First Methodist Church
in Palo Alio, will also speak.
The protest is sponsored by the
Peninsula Committee for the
Abolition of Nuclear Tesls. Baez
described (he groups as "a group
of private citizens who derive
iheir interest in the problem
from different wellsprings . . .
(hey are not associated with any
par)icular organization."
Baez added that: "Protests
against the tests have spontane
ously arisen in many countries.
There is a feeling . . . that things
cannot go on as they have been."
Baez told The Daily that al
though the situation is compli
cated, and although a simple
clearcut answer to the problem
lias not been devised, perhaps
"pressure" should be used on na
tional leaders to see that some
solution is developed.
A "Stop Nuclear Tests" Parade
will be held in Palo Alto on Sat
urday.
Two Stanford professors, Dr.
Albert Baez and Mulford Sibley,
will bo among the four speakers.
The parade will leave Univer
sity and Cowper streets at 1:30
p.m. and will end at Cogswell
Park at the corner of Lytton and
Ramona.
Felix Greene, who spoke at a
Tuesday Evening Series program
last quarter on Communist China,
and the Rev. Marvin Stuart, pas
tor of Ihe First Methodist Church
in Palo Alio, will also speak.
The protest is sponsored by the
Peninsula Committee for the
Abolition of Nuclear Tesls. Baez
described (he groups as "a group
of private citizens who derive
iheir interest in the problem
from different wellsprings . . .
(hey are not associated with any
par)icular organization."
Baez added that: "Protests
against the tests have spontane
ously arisen in many countries.
There is a feeling . . . that things
cannot go on as they have been."
Baez told The Daily that al
though the situation is compli
cated, and although a simple
clearcut answer to the problem
lias not been devised, perhaps
"pressure" should be used on na
tional leaders to see that some
solution is developed.
A "Stop Nuclear Tests" Parade
will be held in Palo Alto on Sat
urday.
Two Stanford professors, Dr.
Albert Baez and Mulford Sibley,
will bo among the four speakers.
The parade will leave Univer
sity and Cowper streets at 1:30
p.m. and will end at Cogswell
Park at the corner of Lytton and
Ramona.
Felix Greene, who spoke at a
Tuesday Evening Series program
last quarter on Communist China,
and the Rev. Marvin Stuart, pas
tor of Ihe First Methodist Church
in Palo Alio, will also speak.
The protest is sponsored by the
Peninsula Committee for the
Abolition of Nuclear Tesls. Baez
described (he groups as "a group
of private citizens who derive
iheir interest in the problem
from different wellsprings . . .
(hey are not associated with any
par)icular organization."
Baez added that: "Protests
against the tests have spontane
ously arisen in many countries.
There is a feeling . . . that things
cannot go on as they have been."
Baez told The Daily that al
though the situation is compli
cated, and although a simple
clearcut answer to the problem
lias not been devised, perhaps
"pressure" should be used on na
tional leaders to see that some
solution is developed.
A "Stop Nuclear Tests" Parade
will be held in Palo Alto on Sat
urday.
Two Stanford professors, Dr.
Albert Baez and Mulford Sibley,
will bo among the four speakers.
The parade will leave Univer
sity and Cowper streets at 1:30
p.m. and will end at Cogswell
Park at the corner of Lytton and
Ramona.
Felix Greene, who spoke at a
Tuesday Evening Series program
last quarter on Communist China,
and the Rev. Marvin Stuart, pas
tor of Ihe First Methodist Church
in Palo Alio, will also speak.
The protest is sponsored by the
Peninsula Committee for the
Abolition of Nuclear Tesls. Baez
described (he groups as "a group
of private citizens who derive
iheir interest in the problem
from different wellsprings . . .
(hey are not associated with any
par)icular organization."
Baez added that: "Protests
against the tests have spontane
ously arisen in many countries.
There is a feeling . . . that things
cannot go on as they have been."
Baez told The Daily that al
though the situation is compli
cated, and although a simple
clearcut answer to the problem
lias not been devised, perhaps
"pressure" should be used on na
tional leaders to see that some
solution is developed.
A "Stop Nuclear Tests" Parade
will be held in Palo Alto on Sat
urday.
Two Stanford professors, Dr.
Albert Baez and Mulford Sibley,
will bo among the four speakers.
The parade will leave Univer
sity and Cowper streets at 1:30
p.m. and will end at Cogswell
Park at the corner of Lytton and
Ramona.
Felix Greene, who spoke at a
Tuesday Evening Series program
last quarter on Communist China,
and the Rev. Marvin Stuart, pas
tor of Ihe First Methodist Church
in Palo Alio, will also speak.
The protest is sponsored by the
Peninsula Committee for the
Abolition of Nuclear Tesls. Baez
described (he groups as "a group
of private citizens who derive
iheir interest in the problem
from different wellsprings . . .
(hey are not associated with any
par)icular organization."
Baez added that: "Protests
against the tests have spontane
ously arisen in many countries.
There is a feeling . . . that things
cannot go on as they have been."
Baez told The Daily that al
though the situation is compli
cated, and although a simple
clearcut answer to the problem
lias not been devised, perhaps
"pressure" should be used on na
tional leaders to see that some
solution is developed.
A "Stop Nuclear Tests" Parade
will be held in Palo Alto on Sat
urday.
Two Stanford professors, Dr.
Albert Baez and Mulford Sibley,
will bo among the four speakers.
The parade will leave Univer
sity and Cowper streets at 1:30
p.m. and will end at Cogswell
Park at the corner of Lytton and
Ramona.
Felix Greene, who spoke at a
Tuesday Evening Series program
last quarter on Communist China,
and the Rev. Marvin Stuart, pas
tor of Ihe First Methodist Church
in Palo Alio, will also speak.
The protest is sponsored by the
Peninsula Committee for the
Abolition of Nuclear Tesls. Baez
described (he groups as "a group
of private citizens who derive
iheir interest in the problem
from different wellsprings . . .
(hey are not associated with any
par)icular organization."
Baez added that: "Protests
against the tests have spontane
ously arisen in many countries.
There is a feeling . . . that things
cannot go on as they have been."
Baez told The Daily that al
though the situation is compli
cated, and although a simple
clearcut answer to the problem
lias not been devised, perhaps
"pressure" should be used on na
tional leaders to see that some
solution is developed.
A "Stop Nuclear Tests" Parade
will be held in Palo Alto on Sat
urday.
Two Stanford professors, Dr.
Albert Baez and Mulford Sibley,
will bo among the four speakers.
The parade will leave Univer
sity and Cowper streets at 1:30
p.m. and will end at Cogswell
Park at the corner of Lytton and
Ramona.
Felix Greene, who spoke at a
Tuesday Evening Series program
last quarter on Communist China,
and the Rev. Marvin Stuart, pas
tor of Ihe First Methodist Church
in Palo Alio, will also speak.
The protest is sponsored by the
Peninsula Committee for the
Abolition of Nuclear Tesls. Baez
described (he groups as "a group
of private citizens who derive
iheir interest in the problem
from different wellsprings . . .
(hey are not associated with any
par)icular organization."
Baez added that: "Protests
against the tests have spontane
ously arisen in many countries.
There is a feeling . . . that things
cannot go on as they have been."
Baez told The Daily that al
though the situation is compli
cated, and although a simple
clearcut answer to the problem
lias not been devised, perhaps
"pressure" should be used on na
tional leaders to see that some
solution is developed.
