# Know Your Indians
## 
### 
Anixtor (5-6, 140-pound junior
from Kentfield) is steadily im
proving as a sprinter. Ran 9.0
in meet with IJSC, but was
nosed out of tho scoring in a
photo finish. Is very close to
Norm Pease in battle for num
ber two sprint spot behind
Dean Smith. Biggest, handicap
is lack of size, but he helps
compensate for this with a very
smooth style of running. Ma
jor: Knginoering.

Cunliffo (5-11, 160-pound jun
ior from Clarcmont) teams wilh
Norm Lloyd to give Stanford
tho nation's strongest 1-2 punch
in the 880. Came within one
tenth of old school record in
half before Lloyd broke it. Has
a season host of 1:50,0. Runs a
good relay lop. Will go in mile
and half this week. Injury kept
him out last year, so he'll be
eligible for two more years.
Major: Education.


BEN ANIXTER
Track


ERNIE C UNLIFFE
Track
Anixtor (5-6, 140-pound junior
from Kentfield) is steadily im
proving as a sprinter. Ran 9.0
in meet with IJSC, but was
nosed out of tho scoring in a
photo finish. Is very close to
Norm Pease in battle for num
ber two sprint spot behind
Dean Smith. Biggest, handicap
is lack of size, but he helps
compensate for this with a very
smooth style of running. Ma
jor: Knginoering.

Cunliffo (5-11, 160-pound jun
ior from Clarcmont) teams wilh
Norm Lloyd to give Stanford
tho nation's strongest 1-2 punch
in the 880. Came within one
tenth of old school record in
half before Lloyd broke it. Has
a season host of 1:50,0. Runs a
good relay lop. Will go in mile
and half this week. Injury kept
him out last year, so he'll be
eligible for two more years.
Major: Education.


BEN ANIXTER
Track


ERNIE C UNLIFFE
Track
Anixtor (5-6, 140-pound junior
from Kentfield) is steadily im
proving as a sprinter. Ran 9.0
in meet with IJSC, but was
nosed out of tho scoring in a
photo finish. Is very close to
Norm Pease in battle for num
ber two sprint spot behind
Dean Smith. Biggest, handicap
is lack of size, but he helps
compensate for this with a very
smooth style of running. Ma
jor: Knginoering.

Cunliffo (5-11, 160-pound jun
ior from Clarcmont) teams wilh
Norm Lloyd to give Stanford
tho nation's strongest 1-2 punch
in the 880. Came within one
tenth of old school record in
half before Lloyd broke it. Has
a season host of 1:50,0. Runs a
good relay lop. Will go in mile
and half this week. Injury kept
him out last year, so he'll be
eligible for two more years.
Major: Education.


BEN ANIXTER
Track


ERNIE C UNLIFFE
Track
Anixtor (5-6, 140-pound junior
from Kentfield) is steadily im
proving as a sprinter. Ran 9.0
in meet with IJSC, but was
nosed out of tho scoring in a
photo finish. Is very close to
Norm Pease in battle for num
ber two sprint spot behind
Dean Smith. Biggest, handicap
is lack of size, but he helps
compensate for this with a very
smooth style of running. Ma
jor: Knginoering.

Cunliffo (5-11, 160-pound jun
ior from Clarcmont) teams wilh
Norm Lloyd to give Stanford
tho nation's strongest 1-2 punch
in the 880. Came within one
tenth of old school record in
half before Lloyd broke it. Has
a season host of 1:50,0. Runs a
good relay lop. Will go in mile
and half this week. Injury kept
him out last year, so he'll be
eligible for two more years.
Major: Education.


BEN ANIXTER
Track


ERNIE C UNLIFFE
Track
Anixtor (5-6, 140-pound junior
from Kentfield) is steadily im
proving as a sprinter. Ran 9.0
in meet with IJSC, but was
nosed out of tho scoring in a
photo finish. Is very close to
Norm Pease in battle for num
ber two sprint spot behind
Dean Smith. Biggest, handicap
is lack of size, but he helps
compensate for this with a very
smooth style of running. Ma
jor: Knginoering.

Cunliffo (5-11, 160-pound jun
ior from Clarcmont) teams wilh
Norm Lloyd to give Stanford
tho nation's strongest 1-2 punch
in the 880. Came within one
tenth of old school record in
half before Lloyd broke it. Has
a season host of 1:50,0. Runs a
good relay lop. Will go in mile
and half this week. Injury kept
him out last year, so he'll be
eligible for two more years.
Major: Education.


BEN ANIXTER
Track


ERNIE C UNLIFFE
Track
Anixtor (5-6, 140-pound junior
from Kentfield) is steadily im
proving as a sprinter. Ran 9.0
in meet with IJSC, but was
nosed out of tho scoring in a
photo finish. Is very close to
Norm Pease in battle for num
ber two sprint spot behind
Dean Smith. Biggest, handicap
is lack of size, but he helps
compensate for this with a very
smooth style of running. Ma
jor: Knginoering.

Cunliffo (5-11, 160-pound jun
ior from Clarcmont) teams wilh
Norm Lloyd to give Stanford
tho nation's strongest 1-2 punch
in the 880. Came within one
tenth of old school record in
half before Lloyd broke it. Has
a season host of 1:50,0. Runs a
good relay lop. Will go in mile
and half this week. Injury kept
him out last year, so he'll be
eligible for two more years.
Major: Education.


BEN ANIXTER
Track


ERNIE C UNLIFFE
Track
Anixtor (5-6, 140-pound junior
from Kentfield) is steadily im
proving as a sprinter. Ran 9.0
in meet with IJSC, but was
nosed out of tho scoring in a
photo finish. Is very close to
Norm Pease in battle for num
ber two sprint spot behind
Dean Smith. Biggest, handicap
is lack of size, but he helps
compensate for this with a very
smooth style of running. Ma
jor: Knginoering.

Cunliffo (5-11, 160-pound jun
ior from Clarcmont) teams wilh
Norm Lloyd to give Stanford
tho nation's strongest 1-2 punch
in the 880. Came within one
tenth of old school record in
half before Lloyd broke it. Has
a season host of 1:50,0. Runs a
good relay lop. Will go in mile
and half this week. Injury kept
him out last year, so he'll be
eligible for two more years.
Major: Education.


BEN ANIXTER
Track


ERNIE C UNLIFFE
Track
Anixtor (5-6, 140-pound junior
from Kentfield) is steadily im
proving as a sprinter. Ran 9.0
in meet with IJSC, but was
nosed out of tho scoring in a
photo finish. Is very close to
Norm Pease in battle for num
ber two sprint spot behind
Dean Smith. Biggest, handicap
is lack of size, but he helps
compensate for this with a very
smooth style of running. Ma
jor: Knginoering.

Cunliffo (5-11, 160-pound jun
ior from Clarcmont) teams wilh
Norm Lloyd to give Stanford
tho nation's strongest 1-2 punch
in the 880. Came within one
tenth of old school record in
half before Lloyd broke it. Has
a season host of 1:50,0. Runs a
good relay lop. Will go in mile
and half this week. Injury kept
him out last year, so he'll be
eligible for two more years.
Major: Education.


BEN ANIXTER
Track


ERNIE C UNLIFFE
Track
Anixtor (5-6, 140-pound junior
from Kentfield) is steadily im
proving as a sprinter. Ran 9.0
in meet with IJSC, but was
nosed out of tho scoring in a
photo finish. Is very close to
Norm Pease in battle for num
ber two sprint spot behind
Dean Smith. Biggest, handicap
is lack of size, but he helps
compensate for this with a very
smooth style of running. Ma
jor: Knginoering.

Cunliffo (5-11, 160-pound jun
ior from Clarcmont) teams wilh
Norm Lloyd to give Stanford
tho nation's strongest 1-2 punch
in the 880. Came within one
tenth of old school record in
half before Lloyd broke it. Has
a season host of 1:50,0. Runs a
good relay lop. Will go in mile
and half this week. Injury kept
him out last year, so he'll be
eligible for two more years.
Major: Education.


BEN ANIXTER
Track


ERNIE C UNLIFFE
Track
Anixtor (5-6, 140-pound junior
from Kentfield) is steadily im
proving as a sprinter. Ran 9.0
in meet with IJSC, but was
nosed out of tho scoring in a
photo finish. Is very close to
Norm Pease in battle for num
ber two sprint spot behind
Dean Smith. Biggest, handicap
is lack of size, but he helps
compensate for this with a very
smooth style of running. Ma
jor: Knginoering.

Cunliffo (5-11, 160-pound jun
ior from Clarcmont) teams wilh
Norm Lloyd to give Stanford
tho nation's strongest 1-2 punch
in the 880. Came within one
tenth of old school record in
half before Lloyd broke it. Has
a season host of 1:50,0. Runs a
good relay lop. Will go in mile
and half this week. Injury kept
him out last year, so he'll be
eligible for two more years.
Major: Education.


BEN ANIXTER
Track


ERNIE C UNLIFFE
Track
Anixtor (5-6, 140-pound junior
from Kentfield) is steadily im
proving as a sprinter. Ran 9.0
in meet with IJSC, but was
nosed out of tho scoring in a
photo finish. Is very close to
Norm Pease in battle for num
ber two sprint spot behind
Dean Smith. Biggest, handicap
is lack of size, but he helps
compensate for this with a very
smooth style of running. Ma
jor: Knginoering.

Cunliffo (5-11, 160-pound jun
ior from Clarcmont) teams wilh
Norm Lloyd to give Stanford
tho nation's strongest 1-2 punch
in the 880. Came within one
tenth of old school record in
half before Lloyd broke it. Has
a season host of 1:50,0. Runs a
good relay lop. Will go in mile
and half this week. Injury kept
him out last year, so he'll be
eligible for two more years.
Major: Education.


BEN ANIXTER
Track


ERNIE C UNLIFFE
Track
Anixtor (5-6, 140-pound junior
from Kentfield) is steadily im
proving as a sprinter. Ran 9.0
in meet with IJSC, but was
nosed out of tho scoring in a
photo finish. Is very close to
Norm Pease in battle for num
ber two sprint spot behind
Dean Smith. Biggest, handicap
is lack of size, but he helps
compensate for this with a very
smooth style of running. Ma
jor: Knginoering.

Cunliffo (5-11, 160-pound jun
ior from Clarcmont) teams wilh
Norm Lloyd to give Stanford
tho nation's strongest 1-2 punch
in the 880. Came within one
tenth of old school record in
half before Lloyd broke it. Has
a season host of 1:50,0. Runs a
good relay lop. Will go in mile
and half this week. Injury kept
him out last year, so he'll be
eligible for two more years.
Major: Education.


BEN ANIXTER
Track


ERNIE C UNLIFFE
Track
Anixtor (5-6, 140-pound junior
from Kentfield) is steadily im
proving as a sprinter. Ran 9.0
in meet with IJSC, but was
nosed out of tho scoring in a
photo finish. Is very close to
Norm Pease in battle for num
ber two sprint spot behind
Dean Smith. Biggest, handicap
is lack of size, but he helps
compensate for this with a very
smooth style of running. Ma
jor: Knginoering.

Cunliffo (5-11, 160-pound jun
ior from Clarcmont) teams wilh
Norm Lloyd to give Stanford
tho nation's strongest 1-2 punch
in the 880. Came within one
tenth of old school record in
half before Lloyd broke it. Has
a season host of 1:50,0. Runs a
good relay lop. Will go in mile
and half this week. Injury kept
him out last year, so he'll be
eligible for two more years.
Major: Education.


BEN ANIXTER
Track


ERNIE C UNLIFFE
Track
Anixtor (5-6, 140-pound junior
from Kentfield) is steadily im
proving as a sprinter. Ran 9.0
in meet with IJSC, but was
nosed out of tho scoring in a
photo finish. Is very close to
Norm Pease in battle for num
ber two sprint spot behind
Dean Smith. Biggest, handicap
is lack of size, but he helps
compensate for this with a very
smooth style of running. Ma
jor: Knginoering.

Cunliffo (5-11, 160-pound jun
ior from Clarcmont) teams wilh
Norm Lloyd to give Stanford
tho nation's strongest 1-2 punch
in the 880. Came within one
tenth of old school record in
half before Lloyd broke it. Has
a season host of 1:50,0. Runs a
good relay lop. Will go in mile
and half this week. Injury kept
him out last year, so he'll be
eligible for two more years.
Major: Education.


BEN ANIXTER
Track


ERNIE C UNLIFFE
Track
Anixtor (5-6, 140-pound junior
from Kentfield) is steadily im
proving as a sprinter. Ran 9.0
in meet with IJSC, but was
nosed out of tho scoring in a
photo finish. Is very close to
Norm Pease in battle for num
ber two sprint spot behind
Dean Smith. Biggest, handicap
is lack of size, but he helps
compensate for this with a very
smooth style of running. Ma
jor: Knginoering.

Cunliffo (5-11, 160-pound jun
ior from Clarcmont) teams wilh
Norm Lloyd to give Stanford
tho nation's strongest 1-2 punch
in the 880. Came within one
tenth of old school record in
half before Lloyd broke it. Has
a season host of 1:50,0. Runs a
good relay lop. Will go in mile
and half this week. Injury kept
him out last year, so he'll be
eligible for two more years.
Major: Education.


BEN ANIXTER
Track


ERNIE C UNLIFFE
Track
Anixtor (5-6, 140-pound junior
from Kentfield) is steadily im
proving as a sprinter. Ran 9.0
in meet with IJSC, but was
nosed out of tho scoring in a
photo finish. Is very close to
Norm Pease in battle for num
ber two sprint spot behind
Dean Smith. Biggest, handicap
is lack of size, but he helps
compensate for this with a very
smooth style of running. Ma
jor: Knginoering.

Cunliffo (5-11, 160-pound jun
ior from Clarcmont) teams wilh
Norm Lloyd to give Stanford
tho nation's strongest 1-2 punch
in the 880. Came within one
tenth of old school record in
half before Lloyd broke it. Has
a season host of 1:50,0. Runs a
good relay lop. Will go in mile
and half this week. Injury kept
him out last year, so he'll be
eligible for two more years.
Major: Education.


BEN ANIXTER
Track


ERNIE C UNLIFFE
Track
Anixtor (5-6, 140-pound junior
from Kentfield) is steadily im
proving as a sprinter. Ran 9.0
in meet with IJSC, but was
nosed out of tho scoring in a
photo finish. Is very close to
Norm Pease in battle for num
ber two sprint spot behind
Dean Smith. Biggest, handicap
is lack of size, but he helps
compensate for this with a very
smooth style of running. Ma
jor: Knginoering.

Cunliffo (5-11, 160-pound jun
ior from Clarcmont) teams wilh
Norm Lloyd to give Stanford
tho nation's strongest 1-2 punch
in the 880. Came within one
tenth of old school record in
half before Lloyd broke it. Has
a season host of 1:50,0. Runs a
good relay lop. Will go in mile
and half this week. Injury kept
him out last year, so he'll be
eligible for two more years.
Major: Education.


BEN ANIXTER
Track


ERNIE C UNLIFFE
Track
