# GREENLEAF PLAYERS ACT HERE TONIGHT
## 
### 
The type of acting which the Green
leaf Theater players will give at 8
o'clock in Assembly Hall tonight is
similar to that of Dick Morgan, who
appeared here in"The Shepherd in
the Distance" several years ago. At
that time there was an epidemic and
many who desired failed to see the
play.
The two important pieces on the
program tonight will be "The Grass
blade,' written by Maxwell Armfleld,
and "Pierrot's Welcome," written by
Constance Smedley. Japanese art
songs, an animal antic, and dancing
will complete the program.
Mrs. C. A. Huston, who attended the
season's series of Greenleaf Theater
program in La Holla last summer, says
that the audiences there always
filled the little theater. "The plays
were not in the least highbrow," Mrs.
Huston says, "but always fresh and
young. They should be especially in
teresting to young people, as the Arm
fiolds are among the most successful
of exprimenters in modern drama."
Tickets will be 011 sale at the win
dow near Assembly Hall tonight for
$1, 75 and 50 cents.
