# EUPHRONIA LEADERS CHOSEN AT BANQUET
## 
### 
Euphronia Debating Society held its
quarterly banquet as well as the last
moeting of the year Wednesday even
ing at Stanford Inn. After short
talks by Miller McClintoc.k, 'IS. and
W. F. Leiser, '21, both members of
this year's Joffre debating team. B.
W. Hartman, '20. president of Eu
phronia during the present quarter,
discussed the work accomplished by
Euphronia during the present year.
Election of officers for the autumn
quarter was then held which resulted
in the following being elected: Presi

dent, J. E. Simpson. '21; vice-presi
dent. P. F. Erickson. '21; secretary
treasurer, P. H. Goddard, '21.
Next year it is contemplated to or
ganize the society more on the plan
of the I'nited States Senate, each
member affiliating himself with a
party, and reporting on the work of
some membor of the Senate. It is ex
pected that greater interest will be
taken in forensics next year than
heretofore since the only intercol
legiate i ontvjsts will those in debating.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
quarterly banquet as well as the last
moeting of the year Wednesday even
ing at Stanford Inn. After short
talks by Miller McClintoc.k, 'IS. and
W. F. Leiser, '21, both members of
this year's Joffre debating team. B.
W. Hartman, '20. president of Eu
phronia during the present quarter,
discussed the work accomplished by
Euphronia during the present year.
Election of officers for the autumn
quarter was then held which resulted
in the following being elected: Presi

dent, J. E. Simpson. '21; vice-presi
dent. P. F. Erickson. '21; secretary
treasurer, P. H. Goddard, '21.
Next year it is contemplated to or
ganize the society more on the plan
of the I'nited States Senate, each
member affiliating himself with a
party, and reporting on the work of
some membor of the Senate. It is ex
pected that greater interest will be
taken in forensics next year than
heretofore since the only intercol
legiate i ontvjsts will those in debating.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
quarterly banquet as well as the last
moeting of the year Wednesday even
ing at Stanford Inn. After short
talks by Miller McClintoc.k, 'IS. and
W. F. Leiser, '21, both members of
this year's Joffre debating team. B.
W. Hartman, '20. president of Eu
phronia during the present quarter,
discussed the work accomplished by
Euphronia during the present year.
Election of officers for the autumn
quarter was then held which resulted
in the following being elected: Presi

dent, J. E. Simpson. '21; vice-presi
dent. P. F. Erickson. '21; secretary
treasurer, P. H. Goddard, '21.
Next year it is contemplated to or
ganize the society more on the plan
of the I'nited States Senate, each
member affiliating himself with a
party, and reporting on the work of
some membor of the Senate. It is ex
pected that greater interest will be
taken in forensics next year than
heretofore since the only intercol
legiate i ontvjsts will those in debating.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
quarterly banquet as well as the last
moeting of the year Wednesday even
ing at Stanford Inn. After short
talks by Miller McClintoc.k, 'IS. and
W. F. Leiser, '21, both members of
this year's Joffre debating team. B.
W. Hartman, '20. president of Eu
phronia during the present quarter,
discussed the work accomplished by
Euphronia during the present year.
Election of officers for the autumn
quarter was then held which resulted
in the following being elected: Presi

dent, J. E. Simpson. '21; vice-presi
dent. P. F. Erickson. '21; secretary
treasurer, P. H. Goddard, '21.
Next year it is contemplated to or
ganize the society more on the plan
of the I'nited States Senate, each
member affiliating himself with a
party, and reporting on the work of
some membor of the Senate. It is ex
pected that greater interest will be
taken in forensics next year than
heretofore since the only intercol
legiate i ontvjsts will those in debating.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
quarterly banquet as well as the last
moeting of the year Wednesday even
ing at Stanford Inn. After short
talks by Miller McClintoc.k, 'IS. and
W. F. Leiser, '21, both members of
this year's Joffre debating team. B.
W. Hartman, '20. president of Eu
phronia during the present quarter,
discussed the work accomplished by
Euphronia during the present year.
Election of officers for the autumn
quarter was then held which resulted
in the following being elected: Presi

dent, J. E. Simpson. '21; vice-presi
dent. P. F. Erickson. '21; secretary
treasurer, P. H. Goddard, '21.
Next year it is contemplated to or
ganize the society more on the plan
of the I'nited States Senate, each
member affiliating himself with a
party, and reporting on the work of
some membor of the Senate. It is ex
pected that greater interest will be
taken in forensics next year than
heretofore since the only intercol
legiate i ontvjsts will those in debating.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
quarterly banquet as well as the last
moeting of the year Wednesday even
ing at Stanford Inn. After short
talks by Miller McClintoc.k, 'IS. and
W. F. Leiser, '21, both members of
this year's Joffre debating team. B.
W. Hartman, '20. president of Eu
phronia during the present quarter,
discussed the work accomplished by
Euphronia during the present year.
Election of officers for the autumn
quarter was then held which resulted
in the following being elected: Presi

dent, J. E. Simpson. '21; vice-presi
dent. P. F. Erickson. '21; secretary
treasurer, P. H. Goddard, '21.
Next year it is contemplated to or
ganize the society more on the plan
of the I'nited States Senate, each
member affiliating himself with a
party, and reporting on the work of
some membor of the Senate. It is ex
pected that greater interest will be
taken in forensics next year than
heretofore since the only intercol
legiate i ontvjsts will those in debating.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
quarterly banquet as well as the last
moeting of the year Wednesday even
ing at Stanford Inn. After short
talks by Miller McClintoc.k, 'IS. and
W. F. Leiser, '21, both members of
this year's Joffre debating team. B.
W. Hartman, '20. president of Eu
phronia during the present quarter,
discussed the work accomplished by
Euphronia during the present year.
Election of officers for the autumn
quarter was then held which resulted
in the following being elected: Presi

dent, J. E. Simpson. '21; vice-presi
dent. P. F. Erickson. '21; secretary
treasurer, P. H. Goddard, '21.
Next year it is contemplated to or
ganize the society more on the plan
of the I'nited States Senate, each
member affiliating himself with a
party, and reporting on the work of
some membor of the Senate. It is ex
pected that greater interest will be
taken in forensics next year than
heretofore since the only intercol
legiate i ontvjsts will those in debating.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
quarterly banquet as well as the last
moeting of the year Wednesday even
ing at Stanford Inn. After short
talks by Miller McClintoc.k, 'IS. and
W. F. Leiser, '21, both members of
this year's Joffre debating team. B.
W. Hartman, '20. president of Eu
phronia during the present quarter,
discussed the work accomplished by
Euphronia during the present year.
Election of officers for the autumn
quarter was then held which resulted
in the following being elected: Presi

dent, J. E. Simpson. '21; vice-presi
dent. P. F. Erickson. '21; secretary
treasurer, P. H. Goddard, '21.
Next year it is contemplated to or
ganize the society more on the plan
of the I'nited States Senate, each
member affiliating himself with a
party, and reporting on the work of
some membor of the Senate. It is ex
pected that greater interest will be
taken in forensics next year than
heretofore since the only intercol
legiate i ontvjsts will those in debating.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
quarterly banquet as well as the last
moeting of the year Wednesday even
ing at Stanford Inn. After short
talks by Miller McClintoc.k, 'IS. and
W. F. Leiser, '21, both members of
this year's Joffre debating team. B.
W. Hartman, '20. president of Eu
phronia during the present quarter,
discussed the work accomplished by
Euphronia during the present year.
Election of officers for the autumn
quarter was then held which resulted
in the following being elected: Presi

dent, J. E. Simpson. '21; vice-presi
dent. P. F. Erickson. '21; secretary
treasurer, P. H. Goddard, '21.
Next year it is contemplated to or
ganize the society more on the plan
of the I'nited States Senate, each
member affiliating himself with a
party, and reporting on the work of
some membor of the Senate. It is ex
pected that greater interest will be
taken in forensics next year than
heretofore since the only intercol
legiate i ontvjsts will those in debating.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
quarterly banquet as well as the last
moeting of the year Wednesday even
ing at Stanford Inn. After short
talks by Miller McClintoc.k, 'IS. and
W. F. Leiser, '21, both members of
this year's Joffre debating team. B.
W. Hartman, '20. president of Eu
phronia during the present quarter,
discussed the work accomplished by
Euphronia during the present year.
Election of officers for the autumn
quarter was then held which resulted
in the following being elected: Presi

dent, J. E. Simpson. '21; vice-presi
dent. P. F. Erickson. '21; secretary
treasurer, P. H. Goddard, '21.
Next year it is contemplated to or
ganize the society more on the plan
of the I'nited States Senate, each
member affiliating himself with a
party, and reporting on the work of
some membor of the Senate. It is ex
pected that greater interest will be
taken in forensics next year than
heretofore since the only intercol
legiate i ontvjsts will those in debating.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
quarterly banquet as well as the last
moeting of the year Wednesday even
ing at Stanford Inn. After short
talks by Miller McClintoc.k, 'IS. and
W. F. Leiser, '21, both members of
this year's Joffre debating team. B.
W. Hartman, '20. president of Eu
phronia during the present quarter,
discussed the work accomplished by
Euphronia during the present year.
Election of officers for the autumn
quarter was then held which resulted
in the following being elected: Presi

dent, J. E. Simpson. '21; vice-presi
dent. P. F. Erickson. '21; secretary
treasurer, P. H. Goddard, '21.
Next year it is contemplated to or
ganize the society more on the plan
of the I'nited States Senate, each
member affiliating himself with a
party, and reporting on the work of
some membor of the Senate. It is ex
pected that greater interest will be
taken in forensics next year than
heretofore since the only intercol
legiate i ontvjsts will those in debating.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
quarterly banquet as well as the last
moeting of the year Wednesday even
ing at Stanford Inn. After short
talks by Miller McClintoc.k, 'IS. and
W. F. Leiser, '21, both members of
this year's Joffre debating team. B.
W. Hartman, '20. president of Eu
phronia during the present quarter,
discussed the work accomplished by
Euphronia during the present year.
Election of officers for the autumn
quarter was then held which resulted
in the following being elected: Presi

dent, J. E. Simpson. '21; vice-presi
dent. P. F. Erickson. '21; secretary
treasurer, P. H. Goddard, '21.
Next year it is contemplated to or
ganize the society more on the plan
of the I'nited States Senate, each
member affiliating himself with a
party, and reporting on the work of
some membor of the Senate. It is ex
pected that greater interest will be
taken in forensics next year than
heretofore since the only intercol
legiate i ontvjsts will those in debating.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
quarterly banquet as well as the last
moeting of the year Wednesday even
ing at Stanford Inn. After short
talks by Miller McClintoc.k, 'IS. and
W. F. Leiser, '21, both members of
this year's Joffre debating team. B.
W. Hartman, '20. president of Eu
phronia during the present quarter,
discussed the work accomplished by
Euphronia during the present year.
Election of officers for the autumn
quarter was then held which resulted
in the following being elected: Presi

dent, J. E. Simpson. '21; vice-presi
dent. P. F. Erickson. '21; secretary
treasurer, P. H. Goddard, '21.
Next year it is contemplated to or
ganize the society more on the plan
of the I'nited States Senate, each
member affiliating himself with a
party, and reporting on the work of
some membor of the Senate. It is ex
pected that greater interest will be
taken in forensics next year than
heretofore since the only intercol
legiate i ontvjsts will those in debating.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
quarterly banquet as well as the last
moeting of the year Wednesday even
ing at Stanford Inn. After short
talks by Miller McClintoc.k, 'IS. and
W. F. Leiser, '21, both members of
this year's Joffre debating team. B.
W. Hartman, '20. president of Eu
phronia during the present quarter,
discussed the work accomplished by
Euphronia during the present year.
Election of officers for the autumn
quarter was then held which resulted
in the following being elected: Presi

dent, J. E. Simpson. '21; vice-presi
dent. P. F. Erickson. '21; secretary
treasurer, P. H. Goddard, '21.
Next year it is contemplated to or
ganize the society more on the plan
of the I'nited States Senate, each
member affiliating himself with a
party, and reporting on the work of
some membor of the Senate. It is ex
pected that greater interest will be
taken in forensics next year than
heretofore since the only intercol
legiate i ontvjsts will those in debating.
Euphronia Debating Society held its
quarterly banquet as well as the last
moeting of the year Wednesday even
ing at Stanford Inn. After short
talks by Miller McClintoc.k, 'IS. and
W. F. Leiser, '21, both members of
this year's Joffre debating team. B.
W. Hartman, '20. president of Eu
phronia during the present quarter,
discussed the work accomplished by
Euphronia during the present year.
Election of officers for the autumn
quarter was then held which resulted
in the following being elected: Presi

dent, J. E. Simpson. '21; vice-presi
dent. P. F. Erickson. '21; secretary
treasurer, P. H. Goddard, '21.
Next year it is contemplated to or
ganize the society more on the plan
of the I'nited States Senate, each
member affiliating himself with a
party, and reporting on the work of
some membor of the Senate. It is ex
pected that greater interest will be
taken in forensics next year than
heretofore since the only intercol
legiate i ontvjsts will those in debating.
