# Mr. D. Leigh Colvin to Talk.
## 
### 
Mr. D. Leigh Colvin, national
president of the student temper
ance organizations of the colleges
and universities of the United
States, will visit, the campus from
November 11th to 15th and will
lecture in the chapel Wednesday
evening, November 15th. Sunday
evening, November 12th. Mr. Col
vin will talk at the M. E. church
in Palo Alto on "Life Purposes for
Young People."
Mr. D. Leigh Colvin, national
president of the student temper
ance organizations of the colleges
and universities of the United
States, will visit, the campus from
November 11th to 15th and will
lecture in the chapel Wednesday
evening, November 15th. Sunday
evening, November 12th. Mr. Col
vin will talk at the M. E. church
in Palo Alto on "Life Purposes for
Young People."
Mr. D. Leigh Colvin, national
president of the student temper
ance organizations of the colleges
and universities of the United
States, will visit, the campus from
November 11th to 15th and will
lecture in the chapel Wednesday
evening, November 15th. Sunday
evening, November 12th. Mr. Col
vin will talk at the M. E. church
in Palo Alto on "Life Purposes for
Young People."
Mr. D. Leigh Colvin, national
president of the student temper
ance organizations of the colleges
and universities of the United
States, will visit, the campus from
November 11th to 15th and will
lecture in the chapel Wednesday
evening, November 15th. Sunday
evening, November 12th. Mr. Col
vin will talk at the M. E. church
in Palo Alto on "Life Purposes for
Young People."
Mr. D. Leigh Colvin, national
president of the student temper
ance organizations of the colleges
and universities of the United
States, will visit, the campus from
November 11th to 15th and will
lecture in the chapel Wednesday
evening, November 15th. Sunday
evening, November 12th. Mr. Col
vin will talk at the M. E. church
in Palo Alto on "Life Purposes for
Young People."
Mr. D. Leigh Colvin, national
president of the student temper
ance organizations of the colleges
and universities of the United
States, will visit, the campus from
November 11th to 15th and will
lecture in the chapel Wednesday
evening, November 15th. Sunday
evening, November 12th. Mr. Col
vin will talk at the M. E. church
in Palo Alto on "Life Purposes for
Young People."
Mr. D. Leigh Colvin, national
president of the student temper
ance organizations of the colleges
and universities of the United
States, will visit, the campus from
November 11th to 15th and will
lecture in the chapel Wednesday
evening, November 15th. Sunday
evening, November 12th. Mr. Col
vin will talk at the M. E. church
in Palo Alto on "Life Purposes for
Young People."
Mr. D. Leigh Colvin, national
president of the student temper
ance organizations of the colleges
and universities of the United
States, will visit, the campus from
November 11th to 15th and will
lecture in the chapel Wednesday
evening, November 15th. Sunday
evening, November 12th. Mr. Col
vin will talk at the M. E. church
in Palo Alto on "Life Purposes for
Young People."
Mr. D. Leigh Colvin, national
president of the student temper
ance organizations of the colleges
and universities of the United
States, will visit, the campus from
November 11th to 15th and will
lecture in the chapel Wednesday
evening, November 15th. Sunday
evening, November 12th. Mr. Col
vin will talk at the M. E. church
in Palo Alto on "Life Purposes for
Young People."
