# Automobiles Will Be Admitted.
## 
### 
On the day of the intercollegiate
game automobiles will be admitted
to the University grounds. A
special entrance will he provided
on the County road east of the
main entrance to the estate. The
machines will be restricted to the
main thoroughfare, and will not be
allowed to go past the athletic
grounds.
On the day of the intercollegiate
game automobiles will be admitted
to the University grounds. A
special entrance will he provided
on the County road east of the
main entrance to the estate. The
machines will be restricted to the
main thoroughfare, and will not be
allowed to go past the athletic
grounds.
On the day of the intercollegiate
game automobiles will be admitted
to the University grounds. A
special entrance will he provided
on the County road east of the
main entrance to the estate. The
machines will be restricted to the
main thoroughfare, and will not be
allowed to go past the athletic
grounds.
On the day of the intercollegiate
game automobiles will be admitted
to the University grounds. A
special entrance will he provided
on the County road east of the
main entrance to the estate. The
machines will be restricted to the
main thoroughfare, and will not be
allowed to go past the athletic
grounds.
On the day of the intercollegiate
game automobiles will be admitted
to the University grounds. A
special entrance will he provided
on the County road east of the
main entrance to the estate. The
machines will be restricted to the
main thoroughfare, and will not be
allowed to go past the athletic
grounds.
On the day of the intercollegiate
game automobiles will be admitted
to the University grounds. A
special entrance will he provided
on the County road east of the
main entrance to the estate. The
machines will be restricted to the
main thoroughfare, and will not be
allowed to go past the athletic
grounds.
On the day of the intercollegiate
game automobiles will be admitted
to the University grounds. A
special entrance will he provided
on the County road east of the
main entrance to the estate. The
machines will be restricted to the
main thoroughfare, and will not be
allowed to go past the athletic
grounds.
On the day of the intercollegiate
game automobiles will be admitted
to the University grounds. A
special entrance will he provided
on the County road east of the
main entrance to the estate. The
machines will be restricted to the
main thoroughfare, and will not be
allowed to go past the athletic
grounds.
On the day of the intercollegiate
game automobiles will be admitted
to the University grounds. A
special entrance will he provided
on the County road east of the
main entrance to the estate. The
machines will be restricted to the
main thoroughfare, and will not be
allowed to go past the athletic
grounds.
