# Y.M.C.A. to Have Lunch Counter.
## 
### 
The Y. M. C. A. are making
preparations to provide something
to eat for part of the crowd which
will visit the campus Saturday. A
five and ten cent lunch counter
will be established between the
quadrangle and Encina Hall.
Sandwiches and coffee will be
served at noon and possibly in the
evening.
The Y. M. C. A. are making
preparations to provide something
to eat for part of the crowd which
will visit the campus Saturday. A
five and ten cent lunch counter
will be established between the
quadrangle and Encina Hall.
Sandwiches and coffee will be
served at noon and possibly in the
evening.
The Y. M. C. A. are making
preparations to provide something
to eat for part of the crowd which
will visit the campus Saturday. A
five and ten cent lunch counter
will be established between the
quadrangle and Encina Hall.
Sandwiches and coffee will be
served at noon and possibly in the
evening.
The Y. M. C. A. are making
preparations to provide something
to eat for part of the crowd which
will visit the campus Saturday. A
five and ten cent lunch counter
will be established between the
quadrangle and Encina Hall.
Sandwiches and coffee will be
served at noon and possibly in the
evening.
The Y. M. C. A. are making
preparations to provide something
to eat for part of the crowd which
will visit the campus Saturday. A
five and ten cent lunch counter
will be established between the
quadrangle and Encina Hall.
Sandwiches and coffee will be
served at noon and possibly in the
evening.
The Y. M. C. A. are making
preparations to provide something
to eat for part of the crowd which
will visit the campus Saturday. A
five and ten cent lunch counter
will be established between the
quadrangle and Encina Hall.
Sandwiches and coffee will be
served at noon and possibly in the
evening.
The Y. M. C. A. are making
preparations to provide something
to eat for part of the crowd which
will visit the campus Saturday. A
five and ten cent lunch counter
will be established between the
quadrangle and Encina Hall.
Sandwiches and coffee will be
served at noon and possibly in the
evening.
The Y. M. C. A. are making
preparations to provide something
to eat for part of the crowd which
will visit the campus Saturday. A
five and ten cent lunch counter
will be established between the
quadrangle and Encina Hall.
Sandwiches and coffee will be
served at noon and possibly in the
evening.
The Y. M. C. A. are making
preparations to provide something
to eat for part of the crowd which
will visit the campus Saturday. A
five and ten cent lunch counter
will be established between the
quadrangle and Encina Hall.
Sandwiches and coffee will be
served at noon and possibly in the
evening.
