# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The oiganization of the press club
was effected last Thursday at the
University of Minnesota. The mem
bership will include all tbe editors
of the college publications, all the
representatives of the press who are
in the university and honorary
members. A suitable badge wi'l be
secured for the members and a room
will be secured for the we.kly meet
ings, where the daily papers will be
kept on file. The club will be both
literary and social in character and
will spend one hour a week in the
study of practical journalism.—Card
inal
The oiganization of the press club
was effected last Thursday at the
University of Minnesota. The mem
bership will include all tbe editors
of the college publications, all the
representatives of the press who are
in the university and honorary
members. A suitable badge wi'l be
secured for the members and a room
will be secured for the we.kly meet
ings, where the daily papers will be
kept on file. The club will be both
literary and social in character and
will spend one hour a week in the
study of practical journalism.—Card
inal
