# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
NEW
Criterion Belts
for Spring
"As Seen in Vogue"
Sucdc, Patent, and Calf
arc the leathers. Rose
berry and Chaudron are
important colors.
Priccd 50c, $1.00 and up
Masonic Temple Building
NEW
Criterion Belts
for Spring
"As Seen in Vogue"
Sucdc, Patent, and Calf
arc the leathers. Rose
berry and Chaudron are
important colors.
Priccd 50c, $1.00 and up
Masonic Temple Building
NEW
Criterion Belts
for Spring
"As Seen in Vogue"
Sucdc, Patent, and Calf
arc the leathers. Rose
berry and Chaudron are
important colors.
Priccd 50c, $1.00 and up
Masonic Temple Building
NEW
Criterion Belts
for Spring
"As Seen in Vogue"
Sucdc, Patent, and Calf
arc the leathers. Rose
berry and Chaudron are
important colors.
Priccd 50c, $1.00 and up
Masonic Temple Building
NEW
Criterion Belts
for Spring
"As Seen in Vogue"
Sucdc, Patent, and Calf
arc the leathers. Rose
berry and Chaudron are
important colors.
Priccd 50c, $1.00 and up
Masonic Temple Building
NEW
Criterion Belts
for Spring
"As Seen in Vogue"
Sucdc, Patent, and Calf
arc the leathers. Rose
berry and Chaudron are
important colors.
Priccd 50c, $1.00 and up
Masonic Temple Building
NEW
Criterion Belts
for Spring
"As Seen in Vogue"
Sucdc, Patent, and Calf
arc the leathers. Rose
berry and Chaudron are
important colors.
Priccd 50c, $1.00 and up
Masonic Temple Building
NEW
Criterion Belts
for Spring
"As Seen in Vogue"
Sucdc, Patent, and Calf
arc the leathers. Rose
berry and Chaudron are
important colors.
Priccd 50c, $1.00 and up
Masonic Temple Building
NEW
Criterion Belts
for Spring
"As Seen in Vogue"
Sucdc, Patent, and Calf
arc the leathers. Rose
berry and Chaudron are
important colors.
Priccd 50c, $1.00 and up
Masonic Temple Building
NEW
Criterion Belts
for Spring
"As Seen in Vogue"
Sucdc, Patent, and Calf
arc the leathers. Rose
berry and Chaudron are
important colors.
Priccd 50c, $1.00 and up
Masonic Temple Building
NEW
Criterion Belts
for Spring
"As Seen in Vogue"
Sucdc, Patent, and Calf
arc the leathers. Rose
berry and Chaudron are
important colors.
Priccd 50c, $1.00 and up
Masonic Temple Building
NEW
Criterion Belts
for Spring
"As Seen in Vogue"
Sucdc, Patent, and Calf
arc the leathers. Rose
berry and Chaudron are
important colors.
Priccd 50c, $1.00 and up
Masonic Temple Building
NEW
Criterion Belts
for Spring
"As Seen in Vogue"
Sucdc, Patent, and Calf
arc the leathers. Rose
berry and Chaudron are
important colors.
Priccd 50c, $1.00 and up
Masonic Temple Building
NEW
Criterion Belts
for Spring
"As Seen in Vogue"
Sucdc, Patent, and Calf
arc the leathers. Rose
berry and Chaudron are
important colors.
Priccd 50c, $1.00 and up
Masonic Temple Building
NEW
Criterion Belts
for Spring
"As Seen in Vogue"
Sucdc, Patent, and Calf
arc the leathers. Rose
berry and Chaudron are
important colors.
Priccd 50c, $1.00 and up
Masonic Temple Building
