# Trueblood To Lead Toyon Discussion
## 
### 
Dr. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will lead a forum on "The
New Dark Ages" tonight at a smoker
in the lobby of Toyon Hall. Accord
ing to Dr. Trueblood, the discussion
will be "a symposium on personal
philosophy."
Ice cream will be served and ciga
rettes given out at the smoker,
which is scheduled to be held from
10 to 11 o'clock.
Dr. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will lead a forum on "The
New Dark Ages" tonight at a smoker
in the lobby of Toyon Hall. Accord
ing to Dr. Trueblood, the discussion
will be "a symposium on personal
philosophy."
Ice cream will be served and ciga
rettes given out at the smoker,
which is scheduled to be held from
10 to 11 o'clock.
Dr. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will lead a forum on "The
New Dark Ages" tonight at a smoker
in the lobby of Toyon Hall. Accord
ing to Dr. Trueblood, the discussion
will be "a symposium on personal
philosophy."
Ice cream will be served and ciga
rettes given out at the smoker,
which is scheduled to be held from
10 to 11 o'clock.
Dr. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will lead a forum on "The
New Dark Ages" tonight at a smoker
in the lobby of Toyon Hall. Accord
ing to Dr. Trueblood, the discussion
will be "a symposium on personal
philosophy."
Ice cream will be served and ciga
rettes given out at the smoker,
which is scheduled to be held from
10 to 11 o'clock.
Dr. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will lead a forum on "The
New Dark Ages" tonight at a smoker
in the lobby of Toyon Hall. Accord
ing to Dr. Trueblood, the discussion
will be "a symposium on personal
philosophy."
Ice cream will be served and ciga
rettes given out at the smoker,
which is scheduled to be held from
10 to 11 o'clock.
Dr. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will lead a forum on "The
New Dark Ages" tonight at a smoker
in the lobby of Toyon Hall. Accord
ing to Dr. Trueblood, the discussion
will be "a symposium on personal
philosophy."
Ice cream will be served and ciga
rettes given out at the smoker,
which is scheduled to be held from
10 to 11 o'clock.
Dr. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will lead a forum on "The
New Dark Ages" tonight at a smoker
in the lobby of Toyon Hall. Accord
ing to Dr. Trueblood, the discussion
will be "a symposium on personal
philosophy."
Ice cream will be served and ciga
rettes given out at the smoker,
which is scheduled to be held from
10 to 11 o'clock.
Dr. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will lead a forum on "The
New Dark Ages" tonight at a smoker
in the lobby of Toyon Hall. Accord
ing to Dr. Trueblood, the discussion
will be "a symposium on personal
philosophy."
Ice cream will be served and ciga
rettes given out at the smoker,
which is scheduled to be held from
10 to 11 o'clock.
Dr. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will lead a forum on "The
New Dark Ages" tonight at a smoker
in the lobby of Toyon Hall. Accord
ing to Dr. Trueblood, the discussion
will be "a symposium on personal
philosophy."
Ice cream will be served and ciga
rettes given out at the smoker,
which is scheduled to be held from
10 to 11 o'clock.
Dr. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will lead a forum on "The
New Dark Ages" tonight at a smoker
in the lobby of Toyon Hall. Accord
ing to Dr. Trueblood, the discussion
will be "a symposium on personal
philosophy."
Ice cream will be served and ciga
rettes given out at the smoker,
which is scheduled to be held from
10 to 11 o'clock.
Dr. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will lead a forum on "The
New Dark Ages" tonight at a smoker
in the lobby of Toyon Hall. Accord
ing to Dr. Trueblood, the discussion
will be "a symposium on personal
philosophy."
Ice cream will be served and ciga
rettes given out at the smoker,
which is scheduled to be held from
10 to 11 o'clock.
Dr. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will lead a forum on "The
New Dark Ages" tonight at a smoker
in the lobby of Toyon Hall. Accord
ing to Dr. Trueblood, the discussion
will be "a symposium on personal
philosophy."
Ice cream will be served and ciga
rettes given out at the smoker,
which is scheduled to be held from
10 to 11 o'clock.
Dr. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will lead a forum on "The
New Dark Ages" tonight at a smoker
in the lobby of Toyon Hall. Accord
ing to Dr. Trueblood, the discussion
will be "a symposium on personal
philosophy."
Ice cream will be served and ciga
rettes given out at the smoker,
which is scheduled to be held from
10 to 11 o'clock.
Dr. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will lead a forum on "The
New Dark Ages" tonight at a smoker
in the lobby of Toyon Hall. Accord
ing to Dr. Trueblood, the discussion
will be "a symposium on personal
philosophy."
Ice cream will be served and ciga
rettes given out at the smoker,
which is scheduled to be held from
10 to 11 o'clock.
Dr. Elton Trueblood, University
chaplain, will lead a forum on "The
New Dark Ages" tonight at a smoker
in the lobby of Toyon Hall. Accord
ing to Dr. Trueblood, the discussion
will be "a symposium on personal
philosophy."
Ice cream will be served and ciga
rettes given out at the smoker,
which is scheduled to be held from
10 to 11 o'clock.
