# THETA XI PLEDGES
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Charles Bragg, '41,
to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Charles Bragg, '41,
to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Charles Bragg, '41,
to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Charles Bragg, '41,
to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Charles Bragg, '41,
to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Charles Bragg, '41,
to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Charles Bragg, '41,
to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Charles Bragg, '41,
to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Charles Bragg, '41,
to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Charles Bragg, '41,
to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Charles Bragg, '41,
to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Charles Bragg, '41,
to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Charles Bragg, '41,
to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Charles Bragg, '41,
to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Charles Bragg, '41,
to Theta Xi.
