# To Entertain on Saturday Night.
## 
### 
The combined entertainment given
at the Roble Gymnasium by the Y.
M. C. A. and the Y. W. C. A. will
take place on Saturday night, in
stead of Monday as previously an
nounced.
The combined entertainment given
at the Roble Gymnasium by the Y.
M. C. A. and the Y. W. C. A. will
take place on Saturday night, in
stead of Monday as previously an
nounced.
The combined entertainment given
at the Roble Gymnasium by the Y.
M. C. A. and the Y. W. C. A. will
take place on Saturday night, in
stead of Monday as previously an
nounced.
The combined entertainment given
at the Roble Gymnasium by the Y.
M. C. A. and the Y. W. C. A. will
take place on Saturday night, in
stead of Monday as previously an
nounced.
The combined entertainment given
at the Roble Gymnasium by the Y.
M. C. A. and the Y. W. C. A. will
take place on Saturday night, in
stead of Monday as previously an
nounced.
The combined entertainment given
at the Roble Gymnasium by the Y.
M. C. A. and the Y. W. C. A. will
take place on Saturday night, in
stead of Monday as previously an
nounced.
The combined entertainment given
at the Roble Gymnasium by the Y.
M. C. A. and the Y. W. C. A. will
take place on Saturday night, in
stead of Monday as previously an
nounced.
The combined entertainment given
at the Roble Gymnasium by the Y.
M. C. A. and the Y. W. C. A. will
take place on Saturday night, in
stead of Monday as previously an
nounced.
The combined entertainment given
at the Roble Gymnasium by the Y.
M. C. A. and the Y. W. C. A. will
take place on Saturday night, in
stead of Monday as previously an
nounced.
The combined entertainment given
at the Roble Gymnasium by the Y.
M. C. A. and the Y. W. C. A. will
take place on Saturday night, in
stead of Monday as previously an
nounced.
