# Students Organize a Poison Club.
## 
### 
Medical students at Michigan Uni
versity have organized a "Poison
Club"and will volunteer to go
through a definite course of taking
drugs. They are given a careful
physical examination and their fam
ily histories recorded; consequently
it is stated that there is no danger
connected with the work. The stu
dents hope that they may gain re
sults of great value to medical sci
ence.
Medical students at Michigan Uni
versity have organized a "Poison
Club"and will volunteer to go
through a definite course of taking
drugs. They are given a careful
physical examination and their fam
ily histories recorded; consequently
it is stated that there is no danger
connected with the work. The stu
dents hope that they may gain re
sults of great value to medical sci
ence.
Medical students at Michigan Uni
versity have organized a "Poison
Club"and will volunteer to go
through a definite course of taking
drugs. They are given a careful
physical examination and their fam
ily histories recorded; consequently
it is stated that there is no danger
connected with the work. The stu
dents hope that they may gain re
sults of great value to medical sci
ence.
Medical students at Michigan Uni
versity have organized a "Poison
Club"and will volunteer to go
through a definite course of taking
drugs. They are given a careful
physical examination and their fam
ily histories recorded; consequently
it is stated that there is no danger
connected with the work. The stu
dents hope that they may gain re
sults of great value to medical sci
ence.
Medical students at Michigan Uni
versity have organized a "Poison
Club"and will volunteer to go
through a definite course of taking
drugs. They are given a careful
physical examination and their fam
ily histories recorded; consequently
it is stated that there is no danger
connected with the work. The stu
dents hope that they may gain re
sults of great value to medical sci
ence.
Medical students at Michigan Uni
versity have organized a "Poison
Club"and will volunteer to go
through a definite course of taking
drugs. They are given a careful
physical examination and their fam
ily histories recorded; consequently
it is stated that there is no danger
connected with the work. The stu
dents hope that they may gain re
sults of great value to medical sci
ence.
Medical students at Michigan Uni
versity have organized a "Poison
Club"and will volunteer to go
through a definite course of taking
drugs. They are given a careful
physical examination and their fam
ily histories recorded; consequently
it is stated that there is no danger
connected with the work. The stu
dents hope that they may gain re
sults of great value to medical sci
ence.
Medical students at Michigan Uni
versity have organized a "Poison
Club"and will volunteer to go
through a definite course of taking
drugs. They are given a careful
physical examination and their fam
ily histories recorded; consequently
it is stated that there is no danger
connected with the work. The stu
dents hope that they may gain re
sults of great value to medical sci
ence.
Medical students at Michigan Uni
versity have organized a "Poison
Club"and will volunteer to go
through a definite course of taking
drugs. They are given a careful
physical examination and their fam
ily histories recorded; consequently
it is stated that there is no danger
connected with the work. The stu
dents hope that they may gain re
sults of great value to medical sci
ence.
Medical students at Michigan Uni
versity have organized a "Poison
Club"and will volunteer to go
through a definite course of taking
drugs. They are given a careful
physical examination and their fam
ily histories recorded; consequently
it is stated that there is no danger
connected with the work. The stu
dents hope that they may gain re
sults of great value to medical sci
ence.
