# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
MEMBERS
GAMMA ETA KAPPA
residing at Stanford are re
quested to communicate with
C. E. Needham, Nu Beta, cai-e
Stanford Daily, Adv. G., con
cerning informal dinner to be
held by Palo Alto G.E.K.
graduate alumni. Please give
chapter and year.
MEMBERS
GAMMA ETA KAPPA
residing at Stanford are re
quested to communicate with
C. E. Needham, Nu Beta, cai-e
Stanford Daily, Adv. G., con
cerning informal dinner to be
held by Palo Alto G.E.K.
graduate alumni. Please give
chapter and year.
MEMBERS
GAMMA ETA KAPPA
residing at Stanford are re
quested to communicate with
C. E. Needham, Nu Beta, cai-e
Stanford Daily, Adv. G., con
cerning informal dinner to be
held by Palo Alto G.E.K.
graduate alumni. Please give
chapter and year.
MEMBERS
GAMMA ETA KAPPA
residing at Stanford are re
quested to communicate with
C. E. Needham, Nu Beta, cai-e
Stanford Daily, Adv. G., con
cerning informal dinner to be
held by Palo Alto G.E.K.
graduate alumni. Please give
chapter and year.
MEMBERS
GAMMA ETA KAPPA
residing at Stanford are re
quested to communicate with
C. E. Needham, Nu Beta, cai-e
Stanford Daily, Adv. G., con
cerning informal dinner to be
held by Palo Alto G.E.K.
graduate alumni. Please give
chapter and year.
MEMBERS
GAMMA ETA KAPPA
residing at Stanford are re
quested to communicate with
C. E. Needham, Nu Beta, cai-e
Stanford Daily, Adv. G., con
cerning informal dinner to be
held by Palo Alto G.E.K.
graduate alumni. Please give
chapter and year.
MEMBERS
GAMMA ETA KAPPA
residing at Stanford are re
quested to communicate with
C. E. Needham, Nu Beta, cai-e
Stanford Daily, Adv. G., con
cerning informal dinner to be
held by Palo Alto G.E.K.
graduate alumni. Please give
chapter and year.
MEMBERS
GAMMA ETA KAPPA
residing at Stanford are re
quested to communicate with
C. E. Needham, Nu Beta, cai-e
Stanford Daily, Adv. G., con
cerning informal dinner to be
held by Palo Alto G.E.K.
graduate alumni. Please give
chapter and year.
MEMBERS
GAMMA ETA KAPPA
residing at Stanford are re
quested to communicate with
C. E. Needham, Nu Beta, cai-e
Stanford Daily, Adv. G., con
cerning informal dinner to be
held by Palo Alto G.E.K.
graduate alumni. Please give
chapter and year.
MEMBERS
GAMMA ETA KAPPA
residing at Stanford are re
quested to communicate with
C. E. Needham, Nu Beta, cai-e
Stanford Daily, Adv. G., con
cerning informal dinner to be
held by Palo Alto G.E.K.
graduate alumni. Please give
chapter and year.
MEMBERS
GAMMA ETA KAPPA
residing at Stanford are re
quested to communicate with
C. E. Needham, Nu Beta, cai-e
Stanford Daily, Adv. G., con
cerning informal dinner to be
held by Palo Alto G.E.K.
graduate alumni. Please give
chapter and year.
MEMBERS
GAMMA ETA KAPPA
residing at Stanford are re
quested to communicate with
C. E. Needham, Nu Beta, cai-e
Stanford Daily, Adv. G., con
cerning informal dinner to be
held by Palo Alto G.E.K.
graduate alumni. Please give
chapter and year.
MEMBERS
GAMMA ETA KAPPA
residing at Stanford are re
quested to communicate with
C. E. Needham, Nu Beta, cai-e
Stanford Daily, Adv. G., con
cerning informal dinner to be
held by Palo Alto G.E.K.
graduate alumni. Please give
chapter and year.
MEMBERS
GAMMA ETA KAPPA
residing at Stanford are re
quested to communicate with
C. E. Needham, Nu Beta, cai-e
Stanford Daily, Adv. G., con
cerning informal dinner to be
held by Palo Alto G.E.K.
graduate alumni. Please give
chapter and year.
MEMBERS
GAMMA ETA KAPPA
residing at Stanford are re
quested to communicate with
C. E. Needham, Nu Beta, cai-e
Stanford Daily, Adv. G., con
cerning informal dinner to be
held by Palo Alto G.E.K.
graduate alumni. Please give
chapter and year.
MEMBERS
GAMMA ETA KAPPA
residing at Stanford are re
quested to communicate with
C. E. Needham, Nu Beta, cai-e
Stanford Daily, Adv. G., con
cerning informal dinner to be
held by Palo Alto G.E.K.
graduate alumni. Please give
chapter and year.
MEMBERS
GAMMA ETA KAPPA
residing at Stanford are re
quested to communicate with
C. E. Needham, Nu Beta, cai-e
Stanford Daily, Adv. G., con
cerning informal dinner to be
held by Palo Alto G.E.K.
graduate alumni. Please give
chapter and year.
