# DEBATE SOCIETY NAMES OFFICERS FOR NEW TERM
## 
### 
Wagner d'Alessio was elected
President, Louis Mercado Vice-presi
dent, Wadieh Shibley Secretary, and
Chester Andrews Treasurer of Eu
phronia Society at the semi-annual
banquet held last night.
The speaker of the evening, J. W.
Barger, recounted the history of de
hating in eastern universities, and
stated that thought at the present
moment less interest is being shown
than before, those who engage in the
activity gain invaluable experience.
Barger concluded his speech with a
prediction of increased success which
the near future holds for the society.
Committees were appointed to draw
plans for open forums in the near fu
ture, in order to arouse student in
terest. Tryouts for debates were post
poned.
