# Swim Records Smashed At Northwestern Before Tour
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Feb. 6. (JP) —Swimming
records unofficially went by the</)oard
yesterday at Patten Gym as North
western University's swimming team
went through its final rehearsal be
fore departing on a 7,000-mile inva
sion of Middlewest and Pacific Coast
territory Thursday.
One world's record was lowered, an
other was equalled, and two Western
Conference marks broken. The rec
ords, however, will not be claimed as
they were not established in competi
tive events.
MADISON, Wis., Feb. 6. (/P)—For
the second time in two years Prof.
Eugene A. Gilmore, of the University
of Wisconsin, and Vice-Governor of
the Philippines since 1921, will be
come the acting governor when Gov
ernor Henry L. Stimson leaves the
Islands in two weeks to assume "other
duties" at the request of President
elect Herbert Hoover.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6. (JP) —Swimming
records unofficially went by the</)oard
yesterday at Patten Gym as North
western University's swimming team
went through its final rehearsal be
fore departing on a 7,000-mile inva
sion of Middlewest and Pacific Coast
territory Thursday.
One world's record was lowered, an
other was equalled, and two Western
Conference marks broken. The rec
ords, however, will not be claimed as
they were not established in competi
tive events.
MADISON, Wis., Feb. 6. (/P)—For
the second time in two years Prof.
Eugene A. Gilmore, of the University
of Wisconsin, and Vice-Governor of
the Philippines since 1921, will be
come the acting governor when Gov
ernor Henry L. Stimson leaves the
Islands in two weeks to assume "other
duties" at the request of President
elect Herbert Hoover.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6. (JP) —Swimming
records unofficially went by the</)oard
yesterday at Patten Gym as North
western University's swimming team
went through its final rehearsal be
fore departing on a 7,000-mile inva
sion of Middlewest and Pacific Coast
territory Thursday.
One world's record was lowered, an
other was equalled, and two Western
Conference marks broken. The rec
ords, however, will not be claimed as
they were not established in competi
tive events.
MADISON, Wis., Feb. 6. (/P)—For
the second time in two years Prof.
Eugene A. Gilmore, of the University
of Wisconsin, and Vice-Governor of
the Philippines since 1921, will be
come the acting governor when Gov
ernor Henry L. Stimson leaves the
Islands in two weeks to assume "other
duties" at the request of President
elect Herbert Hoover.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6. (JP) —Swimming
records unofficially went by the</)oard
yesterday at Patten Gym as North
western University's swimming team
went through its final rehearsal be
fore departing on a 7,000-mile inva
sion of Middlewest and Pacific Coast
territory Thursday.
One world's record was lowered, an
other was equalled, and two Western
Conference marks broken. The rec
ords, however, will not be claimed as
they were not established in competi
tive events.
MADISON, Wis., Feb. 6. (/P)—For
the second time in two years Prof.
Eugene A. Gilmore, of the University
of Wisconsin, and Vice-Governor of
the Philippines since 1921, will be
come the acting governor when Gov
ernor Henry L. Stimson leaves the
Islands in two weeks to assume "other
duties" at the request of President
elect Herbert Hoover.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6. (JP) —Swimming
records unofficially went by the</)oard
yesterday at Patten Gym as North
western University's swimming team
went through its final rehearsal be
fore departing on a 7,000-mile inva
sion of Middlewest and Pacific Coast
territory Thursday.
One world's record was lowered, an
other was equalled, and two Western
Conference marks broken. The rec
ords, however, will not be claimed as
they were not established in competi
tive events.
MADISON, Wis., Feb. 6. (/P)—For
the second time in two years Prof.
Eugene A. Gilmore, of the University
of Wisconsin, and Vice-Governor of
the Philippines since 1921, will be
come the acting governor when Gov
ernor Henry L. Stimson leaves the
Islands in two weeks to assume "other
duties" at the request of President
elect Herbert Hoover.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6. (JP) —Swimming
records unofficially went by the</)oard
yesterday at Patten Gym as North
western University's swimming team
went through its final rehearsal be
fore departing on a 7,000-mile inva
sion of Middlewest and Pacific Coast
territory Thursday.
One world's record was lowered, an
other was equalled, and two Western
Conference marks broken. The rec
ords, however, will not be claimed as
they were not established in competi
tive events.
MADISON, Wis., Feb. 6. (/P)—For
the second time in two years Prof.
Eugene A. Gilmore, of the University
of Wisconsin, and Vice-Governor of
the Philippines since 1921, will be
come the acting governor when Gov
ernor Henry L. Stimson leaves the
Islands in two weeks to assume "other
duties" at the request of President
elect Herbert Hoover.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6. (JP) —Swimming
records unofficially went by the</)oard
yesterday at Patten Gym as North
western University's swimming team
went through its final rehearsal be
fore departing on a 7,000-mile inva
sion of Middlewest and Pacific Coast
territory Thursday.
One world's record was lowered, an
other was equalled, and two Western
Conference marks broken. The rec
ords, however, will not be claimed as
they were not established in competi
tive events.
MADISON, Wis., Feb. 6. (/P)—For
the second time in two years Prof.
Eugene A. Gilmore, of the University
of Wisconsin, and Vice-Governor of
the Philippines since 1921, will be
come the acting governor when Gov
ernor Henry L. Stimson leaves the
Islands in two weeks to assume "other
duties" at the request of President
elect Herbert Hoover.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6. (JP) —Swimming
records unofficially went by the</)oard
yesterday at Patten Gym as North
western University's swimming team
went through its final rehearsal be
fore departing on a 7,000-mile inva
sion of Middlewest and Pacific Coast
territory Thursday.
One world's record was lowered, an
other was equalled, and two Western
Conference marks broken. The rec
ords, however, will not be claimed as
they were not established in competi
tive events.
MADISON, Wis., Feb. 6. (/P)—For
the second time in two years Prof.
Eugene A. Gilmore, of the University
of Wisconsin, and Vice-Governor of
the Philippines since 1921, will be
come the acting governor when Gov
ernor Henry L. Stimson leaves the
Islands in two weeks to assume "other
duties" at the request of President
elect Herbert Hoover.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6. (JP) —Swimming
records unofficially went by the</)oard
yesterday at Patten Gym as North
western University's swimming team
went through its final rehearsal be
fore departing on a 7,000-mile inva
sion of Middlewest and Pacific Coast
territory Thursday.
One world's record was lowered, an
other was equalled, and two Western
Conference marks broken. The rec
ords, however, will not be claimed as
they were not established in competi
tive events.
MADISON, Wis., Feb. 6. (/P)—For
the second time in two years Prof.
Eugene A. Gilmore, of the University
of Wisconsin, and Vice-Governor of
the Philippines since 1921, will be
come the acting governor when Gov
ernor Henry L. Stimson leaves the
Islands in two weeks to assume "other
duties" at the request of President
elect Herbert Hoover.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6. (JP) —Swimming
records unofficially went by the</)oard
yesterday at Patten Gym as North
western University's swimming team
went through its final rehearsal be
fore departing on a 7,000-mile inva
sion of Middlewest and Pacific Coast
territory Thursday.
One world's record was lowered, an
other was equalled, and two Western
Conference marks broken. The rec
ords, however, will not be claimed as
they were not established in competi
tive events.
MADISON, Wis., Feb. 6. (/P)—For
the second time in two years Prof.
Eugene A. Gilmore, of the University
of Wisconsin, and Vice-Governor of
the Philippines since 1921, will be
come the acting governor when Gov
ernor Henry L. Stimson leaves the
Islands in two weeks to assume "other
duties" at the request of President
elect Herbert Hoover.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6. (JP) —Swimming
records unofficially went by the</)oard
yesterday at Patten Gym as North
western University's swimming team
went through its final rehearsal be
fore departing on a 7,000-mile inva
sion of Middlewest and Pacific Coast
territory Thursday.
One world's record was lowered, an
other was equalled, and two Western
Conference marks broken. The rec
ords, however, will not be claimed as
they were not established in competi
tive events.
MADISON, Wis., Feb. 6. (/P)—For
the second time in two years Prof.
Eugene A. Gilmore, of the University
of Wisconsin, and Vice-Governor of
the Philippines since 1921, will be
come the acting governor when Gov
ernor Henry L. Stimson leaves the
Islands in two weeks to assume "other
duties" at the request of President
elect Herbert Hoover.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6. (JP) —Swimming
records unofficially went by the</)oard
yesterday at Patten Gym as North
western University's swimming team
went through its final rehearsal be
fore departing on a 7,000-mile inva
sion of Middlewest and Pacific Coast
territory Thursday.
One world's record was lowered, an
other was equalled, and two Western
Conference marks broken. The rec
ords, however, will not be claimed as
they were not established in competi
tive events.
MADISON, Wis., Feb. 6. (/P)—For
the second time in two years Prof.
Eugene A. Gilmore, of the University
of Wisconsin, and Vice-Governor of
the Philippines since 1921, will be
come the acting governor when Gov
ernor Henry L. Stimson leaves the
Islands in two weeks to assume "other
duties" at the request of President
elect Herbert Hoover.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6. (JP) —Swimming
records unofficially went by the</)oard
yesterday at Patten Gym as North
western University's swimming team
went through its final rehearsal be
fore departing on a 7,000-mile inva
sion of Middlewest and Pacific Coast
territory Thursday.
One world's record was lowered, an
other was equalled, and two Western
Conference marks broken. The rec
ords, however, will not be claimed as
they were not established in competi
tive events.
MADISON, Wis., Feb. 6. (/P)—For
the second time in two years Prof.
Eugene A. Gilmore, of the University
of Wisconsin, and Vice-Governor of
the Philippines since 1921, will be
come the acting governor when Gov
ernor Henry L. Stimson leaves the
Islands in two weeks to assume "other
duties" at the request of President
elect Herbert Hoover.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6. (JP) —Swimming
records unofficially went by the</)oard
yesterday at Patten Gym as North
western University's swimming team
went through its final rehearsal be
fore departing on a 7,000-mile inva
sion of Middlewest and Pacific Coast
territory Thursday.
One world's record was lowered, an
other was equalled, and two Western
Conference marks broken. The rec
ords, however, will not be claimed as
they were not established in competi
tive events.
MADISON, Wis., Feb. 6. (/P)—For
the second time in two years Prof.
Eugene A. Gilmore, of the University
of Wisconsin, and Vice-Governor of
the Philippines since 1921, will be
come the acting governor when Gov
ernor Henry L. Stimson leaves the
Islands in two weeks to assume "other
duties" at the request of President
elect Herbert Hoover.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6. (JP) —Swimming
records unofficially went by the</)oard
yesterday at Patten Gym as North
western University's swimming team
went through its final rehearsal be
fore departing on a 7,000-mile inva
sion of Middlewest and Pacific Coast
territory Thursday.
One world's record was lowered, an
other was equalled, and two Western
Conference marks broken. The rec
ords, however, will not be claimed as
they were not established in competi
tive events.
MADISON, Wis., Feb. 6. (/P)—For
the second time in two years Prof.
Eugene A. Gilmore, of the University
of Wisconsin, and Vice-Governor of
the Philippines since 1921, will be
come the acting governor when Gov
ernor Henry L. Stimson leaves the
Islands in two weeks to assume "other
duties" at the request of President
elect Herbert Hoover.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6. (JP) —Swimming
records unofficially went by the</)oard
yesterday at Patten Gym as North
western University's swimming team
went through its final rehearsal be
fore departing on a 7,000-mile inva
sion of Middlewest and Pacific Coast
territory Thursday.
One world's record was lowered, an
other was equalled, and two Western
Conference marks broken. The rec
ords, however, will not be claimed as
they were not established in competi
tive events.
MADISON, Wis., Feb. 6. (/P)—For
the second time in two years Prof.
Eugene A. Gilmore, of the University
of Wisconsin, and Vice-Governor of
the Philippines since 1921, will be
come the acting governor when Gov
ernor Henry L. Stimson leaves the
Islands in two weeks to assume "other
duties" at the request of President
elect Herbert Hoover.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6. (JP) —Swimming
records unofficially went by the</)oard
yesterday at Patten Gym as North
western University's swimming team
went through its final rehearsal be
fore departing on a 7,000-mile inva
sion of Middlewest and Pacific Coast
territory Thursday.
One world's record was lowered, an
other was equalled, and two Western
Conference marks broken. The rec
ords, however, will not be claimed as
they were not established in competi
tive events.
MADISON, Wis., Feb. 6. (/P)—For
the second time in two years Prof.
Eugene A. Gilmore, of the University
of Wisconsin, and Vice-Governor of
the Philippines since 1921, will be
come the acting governor when Gov
ernor Henry L. Stimson leaves the
Islands in two weeks to assume "other
duties" at the request of President
elect Herbert Hoover.
