# TIE IN BILLIARD CONTEST
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Feb. 6. (/P)— I The first
complete turn of the wheel in the
round robin tournament for the
world's 18.2 balkline billiard cham
pionship today found two Americans
and a Japanese tied for the lead.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6. (/P)— I The first
complete turn of the wheel in the
round robin tournament for the
world's 18.2 balkline billiard cham
pionship today found two Americans
and a Japanese tied for the lead.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6. (/P)— I The first
complete turn of the wheel in the
round robin tournament for the
world's 18.2 balkline billiard cham
pionship today found two Americans
and a Japanese tied for the lead.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6. (/P)— I The first
complete turn of the wheel in the
round robin tournament for the
world's 18.2 balkline billiard cham
pionship today found two Americans
and a Japanese tied for the lead.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6. (/P)— I The first
complete turn of the wheel in the
round robin tournament for the
world's 18.2 balkline billiard cham
pionship today found two Americans
and a Japanese tied for the lead.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6. (/P)— I The first
complete turn of the wheel in the
round robin tournament for the
world's 18.2 balkline billiard cham
pionship today found two Americans
and a Japanese tied for the lead.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6. (/P)— I The first
complete turn of the wheel in the
round robin tournament for the
world's 18.2 balkline billiard cham
pionship today found two Americans
and a Japanese tied for the lead.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6. (/P)— I The first
complete turn of the wheel in the
round robin tournament for the
world's 18.2 balkline billiard cham
pionship today found two Americans
and a Japanese tied for the lead.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6. (/P)— I The first
complete turn of the wheel in the
round robin tournament for the
world's 18.2 balkline billiard cham
pionship today found two Americans
and a Japanese tied for the lead.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6. (/P)— I The first
complete turn of the wheel in the
round robin tournament for the
world's 18.2 balkline billiard cham
pionship today found two Americans
and a Japanese tied for the lead.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6. (/P)— I The first
complete turn of the wheel in the
round robin tournament for the
world's 18.2 balkline billiard cham
pionship today found two Americans
and a Japanese tied for the lead.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6. (/P)— I The first
complete turn of the wheel in the
round robin tournament for the
world's 18.2 balkline billiard cham
pionship today found two Americans
and a Japanese tied for the lead.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6. (/P)— I The first
complete turn of the wheel in the
round robin tournament for the
world's 18.2 balkline billiard cham
pionship today found two Americans
and a Japanese tied for the lead.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6. (/P)— I The first
complete turn of the wheel in the
round robin tournament for the
world's 18.2 balkline billiard cham
pionship today found two Americans
and a Japanese tied for the lead.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6. (/P)— I The first
complete turn of the wheel in the
round robin tournament for the
world's 18.2 balkline billiard cham
pionship today found two Americans
and a Japanese tied for the lead.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6. (/P)— I The first
complete turn of the wheel in the
round robin tournament for the
world's 18.2 balkline billiard cham
pionship today found two Americans
and a Japanese tied for the lead.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6. (/P)— I The first
complete turn of the wheel in the
round robin tournament for the
world's 18.2 balkline billiard cham
pionship today found two Americans
and a Japanese tied for the lead.
