# University Trying to Collect $80,000 Note
## 
### 
Suit was filed yesterday in the
Supreme Court of San Francisco by
the Board of Trustees against Dr.
Cornelius F. Buckley to foreclose a
mortgage held on property at Market
street and Marshall Square, and on
which, as security, the University
loaned $80,000 on a five year note in
July, 1911. There is still $70,000 out
standing on the note, which matured
last July.
Suit was filed yesterday in the
Supreme Court of San Francisco by
the Board of Trustees against Dr.
Cornelius F. Buckley to foreclose a
mortgage held on property at Market
street and Marshall Square, and on
which, as security, the University
loaned $80,000 on a five year note in
July, 1911. There is still $70,000 out
standing on the note, which matured
last July.
Suit was filed yesterday in the
Supreme Court of San Francisco by
the Board of Trustees against Dr.
Cornelius F. Buckley to foreclose a
mortgage held on property at Market
street and Marshall Square, and on
which, as security, the University
loaned $80,000 on a five year note in
July, 1911. There is still $70,000 out
standing on the note, which matured
last July.
Suit was filed yesterday in the
Supreme Court of San Francisco by
the Board of Trustees against Dr.
Cornelius F. Buckley to foreclose a
mortgage held on property at Market
street and Marshall Square, and on
which, as security, the University
loaned $80,000 on a five year note in
July, 1911. There is still $70,000 out
standing on the note, which matured
last July.
Suit was filed yesterday in the
Supreme Court of San Francisco by
the Board of Trustees against Dr.
Cornelius F. Buckley to foreclose a
mortgage held on property at Market
street and Marshall Square, and on
which, as security, the University
loaned $80,000 on a five year note in
July, 1911. There is still $70,000 out
standing on the note, which matured
last July.
Suit was filed yesterday in the
Supreme Court of San Francisco by
the Board of Trustees against Dr.
Cornelius F. Buckley to foreclose a
mortgage held on property at Market
street and Marshall Square, and on
which, as security, the University
loaned $80,000 on a five year note in
July, 1911. There is still $70,000 out
standing on the note, which matured
last July.
Suit was filed yesterday in the
Supreme Court of San Francisco by
the Board of Trustees against Dr.
Cornelius F. Buckley to foreclose a
mortgage held on property at Market
street and Marshall Square, and on
which, as security, the University
loaned $80,000 on a five year note in
July, 1911. There is still $70,000 out
standing on the note, which matured
last July.
Suit was filed yesterday in the
Supreme Court of San Francisco by
the Board of Trustees against Dr.
Cornelius F. Buckley to foreclose a
mortgage held on property at Market
street and Marshall Square, and on
which, as security, the University
loaned $80,000 on a five year note in
July, 1911. There is still $70,000 out
standing on the note, which matured
last July.
Suit was filed yesterday in the
Supreme Court of San Francisco by
the Board of Trustees against Dr.
Cornelius F. Buckley to foreclose a
mortgage held on property at Market
street and Marshall Square, and on
which, as security, the University
loaned $80,000 on a five year note in
July, 1911. There is still $70,000 out
standing on the note, which matured
last July.
Suit was filed yesterday in the
Supreme Court of San Francisco by
the Board of Trustees against Dr.
Cornelius F. Buckley to foreclose a
mortgage held on property at Market
street and Marshall Square, and on
which, as security, the University
loaned $80,000 on a five year note in
July, 1911. There is still $70,000 out
standing on the note, which matured
last July.
Suit was filed yesterday in the
Supreme Court of San Francisco by
the Board of Trustees against Dr.
Cornelius F. Buckley to foreclose a
mortgage held on property at Market
street and Marshall Square, and on
which, as security, the University
loaned $80,000 on a five year note in
July, 1911. There is still $70,000 out
standing on the note, which matured
last July.
Suit was filed yesterday in the
Supreme Court of San Francisco by
the Board of Trustees against Dr.
Cornelius F. Buckley to foreclose a
mortgage held on property at Market
street and Marshall Square, and on
which, as security, the University
loaned $80,000 on a five year note in
July, 1911. There is still $70,000 out
standing on the note, which matured
last July.
Suit was filed yesterday in the
Supreme Court of San Francisco by
the Board of Trustees against Dr.
Cornelius F. Buckley to foreclose a
mortgage held on property at Market
street and Marshall Square, and on
which, as security, the University
loaned $80,000 on a five year note in
July, 1911. There is still $70,000 out
standing on the note, which matured
last July.
Suit was filed yesterday in the
Supreme Court of San Francisco by
the Board of Trustees against Dr.
Cornelius F. Buckley to foreclose a
mortgage held on property at Market
street and Marshall Square, and on
which, as security, the University
loaned $80,000 on a five year note in
July, 1911. There is still $70,000 out
standing on the note, which matured
last July.
