# BRAIN TONIC
## 
### 
Any prospective audience is prone
to glide into unfathomable obscurity
when called upon to attend a discus
sion of archeozoic ornithology or a
fanatical rehearsal of gospel service
in the Orient. However, when a thor
oughly human and vital topic, such as
the introduction of compulsory mili
tary service in the United States,
evolved from the preparedness move
ment, is propounded, the average ob
server pricks up his ears in genuine
interest. Tonight six orators repre
senting the universities of Southern
California and Stanford, wrangle over
this issue at the Assembly Hall —in
truth a subject of unusual importance,
containing a universal appeal, which
should attract a receptive assemblage.
* * * *
Enthusiasm evinced by the student
body—crystalized by this evening's
attendance —will have a more far
reaching influence than might gen
erally be realized. A division of roads
has been reached as far as Cardinal
forensic activities are concerned, an
open question remaining whether
singular progress of mediocrity shall
characterize future debating. In case
the University displays a deserved
marked approval, competition between
Stanford and Columbia, Harvard,
Princeton and Yale will become a
reality.
* * * *
Debating, an ancient feature of in
tercollegiate rivalry, is atn activity
which properly reflects to the outside
world an unbiased picture of the
deeper and broader spirit of any edu
cational institution. Spectacular or
circus features are absent, but they
are replaced by rare intellectual en
tertainment, the highest pastime.
Stanford surely will not prove a lag
gard.
