# Farm Boxers Will Clash with Davis
## 
### 
In eight bouts Thursday night,
boxing representatives of the Farm
will meet the farmers from Davis.
These fights mark the beginning of
the Stanford varsity season which
will include fistic battles with Cal,
U.C.L.A., Washington, and other uni
versities on the Coast.
Tentative list of those to fight
against the Cal Aggies follows:
heavyweight, Jim Kremer; 175-lb.,
Harry Saunders; 165-lb., Paul Hard
acre; 155— lb., Johnny Pease; 145—1b.,
Hill Wilber; 135-lb., Mel Lovelace;
125-lb., Laurance James; 119-lb.,
Jack Hata.
Probable officials for the bouts will
be Peter Flannagan, referee; Joe
Miderost, Stave Stevenson, and J. W.
Jackson, judges; and Myron Sprague
and Bill Ellington, timers.
