# CAMPUS OPINION
## BAD, TERRIBLE, LOUSY 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
The campus and I were very dis
appointed to note in yesterday's
paper that your new column, "From
This Corner," got of! to a very sad
start. I refer mainly to the very
simple remark made about the bas
ketball men. It is a shame that the
Daily scribes are as ignorant as so
many of those in the city. One would
think that, being here on the campus,
they might at least get the local
news partly straight.
Perhaps it might help this poor
budding columnist if he went to see
John Bunn and tried to locate where
the majority of Stanford's point came
from on Friday night, and also who
played the outstanding floor game of
the evening. The real cause for
Stanford's defeat is far beyond the
understanding of the author of yes
terday's article, and my personal
suggestion is that from now on the
reporter confine himself to com
menting on articles of which he at
least has heard about. All in all, it
looks like a pretty bum start for a
new staff and particularly for this
column. You probably won't print
this but at least I feel better fox
having written it.
, One of the "Outspoken Stanford
Rooters"
Don Moulton, Zete House
I don't feel better for having read
it.—The Editor.
The Editor, Sir:
The campus and I were very dis
appointed to note in yesterday's
paper that your new column, "From
This Corner," got of! to a very sad
start. I refer mainly to the very
simple remark made about the bas
ketball men. It is a shame that the
Daily scribes are as ignorant as so
many of those in the city. One would
think that, being here on the campus,
they might at least get the local
news partly straight.
Perhaps it might help this poor
budding columnist if he went to see
John Bunn and tried to locate where
the majority of Stanford's point came
from on Friday night, and also who
played the outstanding floor game of
the evening. The real cause for
Stanford's defeat is far beyond the
understanding of the author of yes
terday's article, and my personal
suggestion is that from now on the
reporter confine himself to com
menting on articles of which he at
least has heard about. All in all, it
looks like a pretty bum start for a
new staff and particularly for this
column. You probably won't print
this but at least I feel better fox
having written it.
, One of the "Outspoken Stanford
Rooters"
Don Moulton, Zete House
I don't feel better for having read
it.—The Editor.
The Editor, Sir:
The campus and I were very dis
appointed to note in yesterday's
paper that your new column, "From
This Corner," got of! to a very sad
start. I refer mainly to the very
simple remark made about the bas
ketball men. It is a shame that the
Daily scribes are as ignorant as so
many of those in the city. One would
think that, being here on the campus,
they might at least get the local
news partly straight.
Perhaps it might help this poor
budding columnist if he went to see
John Bunn and tried to locate where
the majority of Stanford's point came
from on Friday night, and also who
played the outstanding floor game of
the evening. The real cause for
Stanford's defeat is far beyond the
understanding of the author of yes
terday's article, and my personal
suggestion is that from now on the
reporter confine himself to com
menting on articles of which he at
least has heard about. All in all, it
looks like a pretty bum start for a
new staff and particularly for this
column. You probably won't print
this but at least I feel better fox
having written it.
, One of the "Outspoken Stanford
Rooters"
Don Moulton, Zete House
I don't feel better for having read
it.—The Editor.
The Editor, Sir:
The campus and I were very dis
appointed to note in yesterday's
paper that your new column, "From
This Corner," got of! to a very sad
start. I refer mainly to the very
simple remark made about the bas
ketball men. It is a shame that the
Daily scribes are as ignorant as so
many of those in the city. One would
think that, being here on the campus,
they might at least get the local
news partly straight.
Perhaps it might help this poor
budding columnist if he went to see
John Bunn and tried to locate where
the majority of Stanford's point came
from on Friday night, and also who
played the outstanding floor game of
the evening. The real cause for
Stanford's defeat is far beyond the
understanding of the author of yes
terday's article, and my personal
suggestion is that from now on the
reporter confine himself to com
menting on articles of which he at
least has heard about. All in all, it
looks like a pretty bum start for a
new staff and particularly for this
column. You probably won't print
this but at least I feel better fox
having written it.
, One of the "Outspoken Stanford
Rooters"
Don Moulton, Zete House
I don't feel better for having read
it.—The Editor.
The Editor, Sir:
The campus and I were very dis
appointed to note in yesterday's
paper that your new column, "From
This Corner," got of! to a very sad
start. I refer mainly to the very
simple remark made about the bas
ketball men. It is a shame that the
Daily scribes are as ignorant as so
many of those in the city. One would
think that, being here on the campus,
they might at least get the local
news partly straight.
Perhaps it might help this poor
budding columnist if he went to see
John Bunn and tried to locate where
the majority of Stanford's point came
from on Friday night, and also who
played the outstanding floor game of
the evening. The real cause for
Stanford's defeat is far beyond the
understanding of the author of yes
terday's article, and my personal
suggestion is that from now on the
reporter confine himself to com
menting on articles of which he at
least has heard about. All in all, it
looks like a pretty bum start for a
new staff and particularly for this
column. You probably won't print
this but at least I feel better fox
having written it.
, One of the "Outspoken Stanford
Rooters"
Don Moulton, Zete House
I don't feel better for having read
it.—The Editor.
The Editor, Sir:
The campus and I were very dis
appointed to note in yesterday's
paper that your new column, "From
This Corner," got of! to a very sad
start. I refer mainly to the very
simple remark made about the bas
ketball men. It is a shame that the
Daily scribes are as ignorant as so
many of those in the city. One would
think that, being here on the campus,
they might at least get the local
news partly straight.
Perhaps it might help this poor
budding columnist if he went to see
John Bunn and tried to locate where
the majority of Stanford's point came
from on Friday night, and also who
played the outstanding floor game of
the evening. The real cause for
Stanford's defeat is far beyond the
understanding of the author of yes
terday's article, and my personal
suggestion is that from now on the
reporter confine himself to com
menting on articles of which he at
least has heard about. All in all, it
looks like a pretty bum start for a
new staff and particularly for this
column. You probably won't print
this but at least I feel better fox
having written it.
, One of the "Outspoken Stanford
Rooters"
Don Moulton, Zete House
I don't feel better for having read
it.—The Editor.
The Editor, Sir:
The campus and I were very dis
appointed to note in yesterday's
paper that your new column, "From
This Corner," got of! to a very sad
start. I refer mainly to the very
simple remark made about the bas
ketball men. It is a shame that the
Daily scribes are as ignorant as so
many of those in the city. One would
think that, being here on the campus,
they might at least get the local
news partly straight.
Perhaps it might help this poor
budding columnist if he went to see
John Bunn and tried to locate where
the majority of Stanford's point came
from on Friday night, and also who
played the outstanding floor game of
the evening. The real cause for
Stanford's defeat is far beyond the
understanding of the author of yes
terday's article, and my personal
suggestion is that from now on the
reporter confine himself to com
menting on articles of which he at
least has heard about. All in all, it
looks like a pretty bum start for a
new staff and particularly for this
column. You probably won't print
this but at least I feel better fox
having written it.
, One of the "Outspoken Stanford
Rooters"
Don Moulton, Zete House
I don't feel better for having read
it.—The Editor.
The Editor, Sir:
The campus and I were very dis
appointed to note in yesterday's
paper that your new column, "From
This Corner," got of! to a very sad
start. I refer mainly to the very
simple remark made about the bas
ketball men. It is a shame that the
Daily scribes are as ignorant as so
many of those in the city. One would
think that, being here on the campus,
they might at least get the local
news partly straight.
Perhaps it might help this poor
budding columnist if he went to see
John Bunn and tried to locate where
the majority of Stanford's point came
from on Friday night, and also who
played the outstanding floor game of
the evening. The real cause for
Stanford's defeat is far beyond the
understanding of the author of yes
terday's article, and my personal
suggestion is that from now on the
reporter confine himself to com
menting on articles of which he at
least has heard about. All in all, it
looks like a pretty bum start for a
new staff and particularly for this
column. You probably won't print
this but at least I feel better fox
having written it.
, One of the "Outspoken Stanford
Rooters"
Don Moulton, Zete House
I don't feel better for having read
it.—The Editor.
The Editor, Sir:
The campus and I were very dis
appointed to note in yesterday's
paper that your new column, "From
This Corner," got of! to a very sad
start. I refer mainly to the very
simple remark made about the bas
ketball men. It is a shame that the
Daily scribes are as ignorant as so
many of those in the city. One would
think that, being here on the campus,
they might at least get the local
news partly straight.
Perhaps it might help this poor
budding columnist if he went to see
John Bunn and tried to locate where
the majority of Stanford's point came
from on Friday night, and also who
played the outstanding floor game of
the evening. The real cause for
Stanford's defeat is far beyond the
understanding of the author of yes
terday's article, and my personal
suggestion is that from now on the
reporter confine himself to com
menting on articles of which he at
least has heard about. All in all, it
looks like a pretty bum start for a
new staff and particularly for this
column. You probably won't print
this but at least I feel better fox
having written it.
, One of the "Outspoken Stanford
Rooters"
Don Moulton, Zete House
I don't feel better for having read
it.—The Editor.
The Editor, Sir:
The campus and I were very dis
appointed to note in yesterday's
paper that your new column, "From
This Corner," got of! to a very sad
start. I refer mainly to the very
simple remark made about the bas
ketball men. It is a shame that the
Daily scribes are as ignorant as so
many of those in the city. One would
think that, being here on the campus,
they might at least get the local
news partly straight.
Perhaps it might help this poor
budding columnist if he went to see
John Bunn and tried to locate where
the majority of Stanford's point came
from on Friday night, and also who
played the outstanding floor game of
the evening. The real cause for
Stanford's defeat is far beyond the
understanding of the author of yes
terday's article, and my personal
suggestion is that from now on the
reporter confine himself to com
menting on articles of which he at
least has heard about. All in all, it
looks like a pretty bum start for a
new staff and particularly for this
column. You probably won't print
this but at least I feel better fox
having written it.
, One of the "Outspoken Stanford
Rooters"
Don Moulton, Zete House
I don't feel better for having read
it.—The Editor.
The Editor, Sir:
The campus and I were very dis
appointed to note in yesterday's
paper that your new column, "From
This Corner," got of! to a very sad
start. I refer mainly to the very
simple remark made about the bas
ketball men. It is a shame that the
Daily scribes are as ignorant as so
many of those in the city. One would
think that, being here on the campus,
they might at least get the local
news partly straight.
Perhaps it might help this poor
budding columnist if he went to see
John Bunn and tried to locate where
the majority of Stanford's point came
from on Friday night, and also who
played the outstanding floor game of
the evening. The real cause for
Stanford's defeat is far beyond the
understanding of the author of yes
terday's article, and my personal
suggestion is that from now on the
reporter confine himself to com
menting on articles of which he at
least has heard about. All in all, it
looks like a pretty bum start for a
new staff and particularly for this
column. You probably won't print
this but at least I feel better fox
having written it.
, One of the "Outspoken Stanford
Rooters"
Don Moulton, Zete House
I don't feel better for having read
it.—The Editor.
The Editor, Sir:
The campus and I were very dis
appointed to note in yesterday's
paper that your new column, "From
This Corner," got of! to a very sad
start. I refer mainly to the very
simple remark made about the bas
ketball men. It is a shame that the
Daily scribes are as ignorant as so
many of those in the city. One would
think that, being here on the campus,
they might at least get the local
news partly straight.
Perhaps it might help this poor
budding columnist if he went to see
John Bunn and tried to locate where
the majority of Stanford's point came
from on Friday night, and also who
played the outstanding floor game of
the evening. The real cause for
Stanford's defeat is far beyond the
understanding of the author of yes
terday's article, and my personal
suggestion is that from now on the
reporter confine himself to com
menting on articles of which he at
least has heard about. All in all, it
looks like a pretty bum start for a
new staff and particularly for this
column. You probably won't print
this but at least I feel better fox
having written it.
, One of the "Outspoken Stanford
Rooters"
Don Moulton, Zete House
I don't feel better for having read
it.—The Editor.
The Editor, Sir:
The campus and I were very dis
appointed to note in yesterday's
paper that your new column, "From
This Corner," got of! to a very sad
start. I refer mainly to the very
simple remark made about the bas
ketball men. It is a shame that the
Daily scribes are as ignorant as so
many of those in the city. One would
think that, being here on the campus,
they might at least get the local
news partly straight.
Perhaps it might help this poor
budding columnist if he went to see
John Bunn and tried to locate where
the majority of Stanford's point came
from on Friday night, and also who
played the outstanding floor game of
the evening. The real cause for
Stanford's defeat is far beyond the
understanding of the author of yes
terday's article, and my personal
suggestion is that from now on the
reporter confine himself to com
menting on articles of which he at
least has heard about. All in all, it
looks like a pretty bum start for a
new staff and particularly for this
column. You probably won't print
this but at least I feel better fox
having written it.
, One of the "Outspoken Stanford
Rooters"
Don Moulton, Zete House
I don't feel better for having read
it.—The Editor.
The Editor, Sir:
The campus and I were very dis
appointed to note in yesterday's
paper that your new column, "From
This Corner," got of! to a very sad
start. I refer mainly to the very
simple remark made about the bas
ketball men. It is a shame that the
Daily scribes are as ignorant as so
many of those in the city. One would
think that, being here on the campus,
they might at least get the local
news partly straight.
Perhaps it might help this poor
budding columnist if he went to see
John Bunn and tried to locate where
the majority of Stanford's point came
from on Friday night, and also who
played the outstanding floor game of
the evening. The real cause for
Stanford's defeat is far beyond the
understanding of the author of yes
terday's article, and my personal
suggestion is that from now on the
reporter confine himself to com
menting on articles of which he at
least has heard about. All in all, it
looks like a pretty bum start for a
new staff and particularly for this
column. You probably won't print
this but at least I feel better fox
having written it.
, One of the "Outspoken Stanford
Rooters"
Don Moulton, Zete House
I don't feel better for having read
it.—The Editor.
The Editor, Sir:
The campus and I were very dis
appointed to note in yesterday's
paper that your new column, "From
This Corner," got of! to a very sad
start. I refer mainly to the very
simple remark made about the bas
ketball men. It is a shame that the
Daily scribes are as ignorant as so
many of those in the city. One would
think that, being here on the campus,
they might at least get the local
news partly straight.
Perhaps it might help this poor
budding columnist if he went to see
John Bunn and tried to locate where
the majority of Stanford's point came
from on Friday night, and also who
played the outstanding floor game of
the evening. The real cause for
Stanford's defeat is far beyond the
understanding of the author of yes
terday's article, and my personal
suggestion is that from now on the
reporter confine himself to com
menting on articles of which he at
least has heard about. All in all, it
looks like a pretty bum start for a
new staff and particularly for this
column. You probably won't print
this but at least I feel better fox
having written it.
, One of the "Outspoken Stanford
Rooters"
Don Moulton, Zete House
I don't feel better for having read
it.—The Editor.
