# S.F. Shipowners See Early Peace
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 1 (U.R).—
Pacific Coast steamship companies
here recalled their freight and pas
senger clerical and office help to
full-time employment today as early
returns of a seven-union referendum
indicated overwhelming decision of
striking maritime workers to re
turn to work immediately.

Although the balloting, which got
under way today in all ports, was
secret, the sentiments expressed by
the maritime workers and counts of
noses by officials indicated support
of the joint strike policy committee
recommendation that agreements
and offers submitted by shipowners
be accepted and the strikers go back
to work.

During the virtual armistice that
will prevail until the vote is counted,
certified, and announced and formal
contracts are signed, shipowners and
their staffs were busy preparing to
resume the operations which they
were forced to abandon last October
and early November.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 1 (U.R).—
Pacific Coast steamship companies
here recalled their freight and pas
senger clerical and office help to
full-time employment today as early
returns of a seven-union referendum
indicated overwhelming decision of
striking maritime workers to re
turn to work immediately.

Although the balloting, which got
under way today in all ports, was
secret, the sentiments expressed by
the maritime workers and counts of
noses by officials indicated support
of the joint strike policy committee
recommendation that agreements
and offers submitted by shipowners
be accepted and the strikers go back
to work.

During the virtual armistice that
will prevail until the vote is counted,
certified, and announced and formal
contracts are signed, shipowners and
their staffs were busy preparing to
resume the operations which they
were forced to abandon last October
and early November.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 1 (U.R).—
Pacific Coast steamship companies
here recalled their freight and pas
senger clerical and office help to
full-time employment today as early
returns of a seven-union referendum
indicated overwhelming decision of
striking maritime workers to re
turn to work immediately.

Although the balloting, which got
under way today in all ports, was
secret, the sentiments expressed by
the maritime workers and counts of
noses by officials indicated support
of the joint strike policy committee
recommendation that agreements
and offers submitted by shipowners
be accepted and the strikers go back
to work.

During the virtual armistice that
will prevail until the vote is counted,
certified, and announced and formal
contracts are signed, shipowners and
their staffs were busy preparing to
resume the operations which they
were forced to abandon last October
and early November.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 1 (U.R).—
Pacific Coast steamship companies
here recalled their freight and pas
senger clerical and office help to
full-time employment today as early
returns of a seven-union referendum
indicated overwhelming decision of
striking maritime workers to re
turn to work immediately.

Although the balloting, which got
under way today in all ports, was
secret, the sentiments expressed by
the maritime workers and counts of
noses by officials indicated support
of the joint strike policy committee
recommendation that agreements
and offers submitted by shipowners
be accepted and the strikers go back
to work.

During the virtual armistice that
will prevail until the vote is counted,
certified, and announced and formal
contracts are signed, shipowners and
their staffs were busy preparing to
resume the operations which they
were forced to abandon last October
and early November.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 1 (U.R).—
Pacific Coast steamship companies
here recalled their freight and pas
senger clerical and office help to
full-time employment today as early
returns of a seven-union referendum
indicated overwhelming decision of
striking maritime workers to re
turn to work immediately.

Although the balloting, which got
under way today in all ports, was
secret, the sentiments expressed by
the maritime workers and counts of
noses by officials indicated support
of the joint strike policy committee
recommendation that agreements
and offers submitted by shipowners
be accepted and the strikers go back
to work.

During the virtual armistice that
will prevail until the vote is counted,
certified, and announced and formal
contracts are signed, shipowners and
their staffs were busy preparing to
resume the operations which they
were forced to abandon last October
and early November.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 1 (U.R).—
Pacific Coast steamship companies
here recalled their freight and pas
senger clerical and office help to
full-time employment today as early
returns of a seven-union referendum
indicated overwhelming decision of
striking maritime workers to re
turn to work immediately.

Although the balloting, which got
under way today in all ports, was
secret, the sentiments expressed by
the maritime workers and counts of
noses by officials indicated support
of the joint strike policy committee
recommendation that agreements
and offers submitted by shipowners
be accepted and the strikers go back
to work.

During the virtual armistice that
will prevail until the vote is counted,
certified, and announced and formal
contracts are signed, shipowners and
their staffs were busy preparing to
resume the operations which they
were forced to abandon last October
and early November.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 1 (U.R).—
Pacific Coast steamship companies
here recalled their freight and pas
senger clerical and office help to
full-time employment today as early
returns of a seven-union referendum
indicated overwhelming decision of
striking maritime workers to re
turn to work immediately.

Although the balloting, which got
under way today in all ports, was
secret, the sentiments expressed by
the maritime workers and counts of
noses by officials indicated support
of the joint strike policy committee
recommendation that agreements
and offers submitted by shipowners
be accepted and the strikers go back
to work.

During the virtual armistice that
will prevail until the vote is counted,
certified, and announced and formal
contracts are signed, shipowners and
their staffs were busy preparing to
resume the operations which they
were forced to abandon last October
and early November.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 1 (U.R).—
Pacific Coast steamship companies
here recalled their freight and pas
senger clerical and office help to
full-time employment today as early
returns of a seven-union referendum
indicated overwhelming decision of
striking maritime workers to re
turn to work immediately.

Although the balloting, which got
under way today in all ports, was
secret, the sentiments expressed by
the maritime workers and counts of
noses by officials indicated support
of the joint strike policy committee
recommendation that agreements
and offers submitted by shipowners
be accepted and the strikers go back
to work.

During the virtual armistice that
will prevail until the vote is counted,
certified, and announced and formal
contracts are signed, shipowners and
their staffs were busy preparing to
resume the operations which they
were forced to abandon last October
and early November.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 1 (U.R).—
Pacific Coast steamship companies
here recalled their freight and pas
senger clerical and office help to
full-time employment today as early
returns of a seven-union referendum
indicated overwhelming decision of
striking maritime workers to re
turn to work immediately.

Although the balloting, which got
under way today in all ports, was
secret, the sentiments expressed by
the maritime workers and counts of
noses by officials indicated support
of the joint strike policy committee
recommendation that agreements
and offers submitted by shipowners
be accepted and the strikers go back
to work.

During the virtual armistice that
will prevail until the vote is counted,
certified, and announced and formal
contracts are signed, shipowners and
their staffs were busy preparing to
resume the operations which they
were forced to abandon last October
and early November.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 1 (U.R).—
Pacific Coast steamship companies
here recalled their freight and pas
senger clerical and office help to
full-time employment today as early
returns of a seven-union referendum
indicated overwhelming decision of
striking maritime workers to re
turn to work immediately.

Although the balloting, which got
under way today in all ports, was
secret, the sentiments expressed by
the maritime workers and counts of
noses by officials indicated support
of the joint strike policy committee
recommendation that agreements
and offers submitted by shipowners
be accepted and the strikers go back
to work.

During the virtual armistice that
will prevail until the vote is counted,
certified, and announced and formal
contracts are signed, shipowners and
their staffs were busy preparing to
resume the operations which they
were forced to abandon last October
and early November.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 1 (U.R).—
Pacific Coast steamship companies
here recalled their freight and pas
senger clerical and office help to
full-time employment today as early
returns of a seven-union referendum
indicated overwhelming decision of
striking maritime workers to re
turn to work immediately.

Although the balloting, which got
under way today in all ports, was
secret, the sentiments expressed by
the maritime workers and counts of
noses by officials indicated support
of the joint strike policy committee
recommendation that agreements
and offers submitted by shipowners
be accepted and the strikers go back
to work.

During the virtual armistice that
will prevail until the vote is counted,
certified, and announced and formal
contracts are signed, shipowners and
their staffs were busy preparing to
resume the operations which they
were forced to abandon last October
and early November.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 1 (U.R).—
Pacific Coast steamship companies
here recalled their freight and pas
senger clerical and office help to
full-time employment today as early
returns of a seven-union referendum
indicated overwhelming decision of
striking maritime workers to re
turn to work immediately.

Although the balloting, which got
under way today in all ports, was
secret, the sentiments expressed by
the maritime workers and counts of
noses by officials indicated support
of the joint strike policy committee
recommendation that agreements
and offers submitted by shipowners
be accepted and the strikers go back
to work.

During the virtual armistice that
will prevail until the vote is counted,
certified, and announced and formal
contracts are signed, shipowners and
their staffs were busy preparing to
resume the operations which they
were forced to abandon last October
and early November.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 1 (U.R).—
Pacific Coast steamship companies
here recalled their freight and pas
senger clerical and office help to
full-time employment today as early
returns of a seven-union referendum
indicated overwhelming decision of
striking maritime workers to re
turn to work immediately.

Although the balloting, which got
under way today in all ports, was
secret, the sentiments expressed by
the maritime workers and counts of
noses by officials indicated support
of the joint strike policy committee
recommendation that agreements
and offers submitted by shipowners
be accepted and the strikers go back
to work.

During the virtual armistice that
will prevail until the vote is counted,
certified, and announced and formal
contracts are signed, shipowners and
their staffs were busy preparing to
resume the operations which they
were forced to abandon last October
and early November.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 1 (U.R).—
Pacific Coast steamship companies
here recalled their freight and pas
senger clerical and office help to
full-time employment today as early
returns of a seven-union referendum
indicated overwhelming decision of
striking maritime workers to re
turn to work immediately.

Although the balloting, which got
under way today in all ports, was
secret, the sentiments expressed by
the maritime workers and counts of
noses by officials indicated support
of the joint strike policy committee
recommendation that agreements
and offers submitted by shipowners
be accepted and the strikers go back
to work.

During the virtual armistice that
will prevail until the vote is counted,
certified, and announced and formal
contracts are signed, shipowners and
their staffs were busy preparing to
resume the operations which they
were forced to abandon last October
and early November.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 1 (U.R).—
Pacific Coast steamship companies
here recalled their freight and pas
senger clerical and office help to
full-time employment today as early
returns of a seven-union referendum
indicated overwhelming decision of
striking maritime workers to re
turn to work immediately.

Although the balloting, which got
under way today in all ports, was
secret, the sentiments expressed by
the maritime workers and counts of
noses by officials indicated support
of the joint strike policy committee
recommendation that agreements
and offers submitted by shipowners
be accepted and the strikers go back
to work.

During the virtual armistice that
will prevail until the vote is counted,
certified, and announced and formal
contracts are signed, shipowners and
their staffs were busy preparing to
resume the operations which they
were forced to abandon last October
and early November.
