# Vassar Graduate To Lecture Today
## 
### 
Jean Nelson will lecture on the
15th- and 16th-century education
and transformation of Christian
slaves into Turkish government of
ficials at 4 p.m. today in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Miss Nelson, a Vassal" graduate,
has recently completed a two-year
lei in in Rumania for the State De
partment. She is now doing grad
ual'- work in history at Stanford.
Jean Nelson will lecture on the
15th- and 16th-century education
and transformation of Christian
slaves into Turkish government of
ficials at 4 p.m. today in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Miss Nelson, a Vassal" graduate,
has recently completed a two-year
lei in in Rumania for the State De
partment. She is now doing grad
ual'- work in history at Stanford.
Jean Nelson will lecture on the
15th- and 16th-century education
and transformation of Christian
slaves into Turkish government of
ficials at 4 p.m. today in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Miss Nelson, a Vassal" graduate,
has recently completed a two-year
lei in in Rumania for the State De
partment. She is now doing grad
ual'- work in history at Stanford.
Jean Nelson will lecture on the
15th- and 16th-century education
and transformation of Christian
slaves into Turkish government of
ficials at 4 p.m. today in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Miss Nelson, a Vassal" graduate,
has recently completed a two-year
lei in in Rumania for the State De
partment. She is now doing grad
ual'- work in history at Stanford.
Jean Nelson will lecture on the
15th- and 16th-century education
and transformation of Christian
slaves into Turkish government of
ficials at 4 p.m. today in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Miss Nelson, a Vassal" graduate,
has recently completed a two-year
lei in in Rumania for the State De
partment. She is now doing grad
ual'- work in history at Stanford.
Jean Nelson will lecture on the
15th- and 16th-century education
and transformation of Christian
slaves into Turkish government of
ficials at 4 p.m. today in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Miss Nelson, a Vassal" graduate,
has recently completed a two-year
lei in in Rumania for the State De
partment. She is now doing grad
ual'- work in history at Stanford.
Jean Nelson will lecture on the
15th- and 16th-century education
and transformation of Christian
slaves into Turkish government of
ficials at 4 p.m. today in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Miss Nelson, a Vassal" graduate,
has recently completed a two-year
lei in in Rumania for the State De
partment. She is now doing grad
ual'- work in history at Stanford.
Jean Nelson will lecture on the
15th- and 16th-century education
and transformation of Christian
slaves into Turkish government of
ficials at 4 p.m. today in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Miss Nelson, a Vassal" graduate,
has recently completed a two-year
lei in in Rumania for the State De
partment. She is now doing grad
ual'- work in history at Stanford.
Jean Nelson will lecture on the
15th- and 16th-century education
and transformation of Christian
slaves into Turkish government of
ficials at 4 p.m. today in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Miss Nelson, a Vassal" graduate,
has recently completed a two-year
lei in in Rumania for the State De
partment. She is now doing grad
ual'- work in history at Stanford.
Jean Nelson will lecture on the
15th- and 16th-century education
and transformation of Christian
slaves into Turkish government of
ficials at 4 p.m. today in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Miss Nelson, a Vassal" graduate,
has recently completed a two-year
lei in in Rumania for the State De
partment. She is now doing grad
ual'- work in history at Stanford.
Jean Nelson will lecture on the
15th- and 16th-century education
and transformation of Christian
slaves into Turkish government of
ficials at 4 p.m. today in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Miss Nelson, a Vassal" graduate,
has recently completed a two-year
lei in in Rumania for the State De
partment. She is now doing grad
ual'- work in history at Stanford.
Jean Nelson will lecture on the
15th- and 16th-century education
and transformation of Christian
slaves into Turkish government of
ficials at 4 p.m. today in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Miss Nelson, a Vassal" graduate,
has recently completed a two-year
lei in in Rumania for the State De
partment. She is now doing grad
ual'- work in history at Stanford.
Jean Nelson will lecture on the
15th- and 16th-century education
and transformation of Christian
slaves into Turkish government of
ficials at 4 p.m. today in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Miss Nelson, a Vassal" graduate,
has recently completed a two-year
lei in in Rumania for the State De
partment. She is now doing grad
ual'- work in history at Stanford.
Jean Nelson will lecture on the
15th- and 16th-century education
and transformation of Christian
slaves into Turkish government of
ficials at 4 p.m. today in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Miss Nelson, a Vassal" graduate,
has recently completed a two-year
lei in in Rumania for the State De
partment. She is now doing grad
ual'- work in history at Stanford.
Jean Nelson will lecture on the
15th- and 16th-century education
and transformation of Christian
slaves into Turkish government of
ficials at 4 p.m. today in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Miss Nelson, a Vassal" graduate,
has recently completed a two-year
lei in in Rumania for the State De
partment. She is now doing grad
ual'- work in history at Stanford.
