# Hoedowners Plan European Dances
## 
### 
European folk dances and square
dances will be featured by the Hoe
downers tonight in the Women's
Gym at 7:30. Besides the American
progressive dances and squares
there will be polkas, Spanish waltz
es, the Viennese waltz, and the Rus
sian kopak.
"It is not necessary to be ac
quainted with these dances as they
are first demonstrated by Mrs. Lyd
sler of the Dance Department or
advanced members of the Hoe
downers," said Ann Fitzgerald, a
new member this year. Everyone is
invited. >
European folk dances and square
dances will be featured by the Hoe
downers tonight in the Women's
Gym at 7:30. Besides the American
progressive dances and squares
there will be polkas, Spanish waltz
es, the Viennese waltz, and the Rus
sian kopak.
"It is not necessary to be ac
quainted with these dances as they
are first demonstrated by Mrs. Lyd
sler of the Dance Department or
advanced members of the Hoe
downers," said Ann Fitzgerald, a
new member this year. Everyone is
invited. >
European folk dances and square
dances will be featured by the Hoe
downers tonight in the Women's
Gym at 7:30. Besides the American
progressive dances and squares
there will be polkas, Spanish waltz
es, the Viennese waltz, and the Rus
sian kopak.
"It is not necessary to be ac
quainted with these dances as they
are first demonstrated by Mrs. Lyd
sler of the Dance Department or
advanced members of the Hoe
downers," said Ann Fitzgerald, a
new member this year. Everyone is
invited. >
European folk dances and square
dances will be featured by the Hoe
downers tonight in the Women's
Gym at 7:30. Besides the American
progressive dances and squares
there will be polkas, Spanish waltz
es, the Viennese waltz, and the Rus
sian kopak.
"It is not necessary to be ac
quainted with these dances as they
are first demonstrated by Mrs. Lyd
sler of the Dance Department or
advanced members of the Hoe
downers," said Ann Fitzgerald, a
new member this year. Everyone is
invited. >
European folk dances and square
dances will be featured by the Hoe
downers tonight in the Women's
Gym at 7:30. Besides the American
progressive dances and squares
there will be polkas, Spanish waltz
es, the Viennese waltz, and the Rus
sian kopak.
"It is not necessary to be ac
quainted with these dances as they
are first demonstrated by Mrs. Lyd
sler of the Dance Department or
advanced members of the Hoe
downers," said Ann Fitzgerald, a
new member this year. Everyone is
invited. >
European folk dances and square
dances will be featured by the Hoe
downers tonight in the Women's
Gym at 7:30. Besides the American
progressive dances and squares
there will be polkas, Spanish waltz
es, the Viennese waltz, and the Rus
sian kopak.
"It is not necessary to be ac
quainted with these dances as they
are first demonstrated by Mrs. Lyd
sler of the Dance Department or
advanced members of the Hoe
downers," said Ann Fitzgerald, a
new member this year. Everyone is
invited. >
European folk dances and square
dances will be featured by the Hoe
downers tonight in the Women's
Gym at 7:30. Besides the American
progressive dances and squares
there will be polkas, Spanish waltz
es, the Viennese waltz, and the Rus
sian kopak.
"It is not necessary to be ac
quainted with these dances as they
are first demonstrated by Mrs. Lyd
sler of the Dance Department or
advanced members of the Hoe
downers," said Ann Fitzgerald, a
new member this year. Everyone is
invited. >
European folk dances and square
dances will be featured by the Hoe
downers tonight in the Women's
Gym at 7:30. Besides the American
progressive dances and squares
there will be polkas, Spanish waltz
es, the Viennese waltz, and the Rus
sian kopak.
"It is not necessary to be ac
quainted with these dances as they
are first demonstrated by Mrs. Lyd
sler of the Dance Department or
advanced members of the Hoe
downers," said Ann Fitzgerald, a
new member this year. Everyone is
invited. >
European folk dances and square
dances will be featured by the Hoe
downers tonight in the Women's
Gym at 7:30. Besides the American
progressive dances and squares
there will be polkas, Spanish waltz
es, the Viennese waltz, and the Rus
sian kopak.
"It is not necessary to be ac
quainted with these dances as they
are first demonstrated by Mrs. Lyd
sler of the Dance Department or
advanced members of the Hoe
downers," said Ann Fitzgerald, a
new member this year. Everyone is
invited. >
European folk dances and square
dances will be featured by the Hoe
downers tonight in the Women's
Gym at 7:30. Besides the American
progressive dances and squares
there will be polkas, Spanish waltz
es, the Viennese waltz, and the Rus
sian kopak.
"It is not necessary to be ac
quainted with these dances as they
are first demonstrated by Mrs. Lyd
sler of the Dance Department or
advanced members of the Hoe
downers," said Ann Fitzgerald, a
new member this year. Everyone is
invited. >
European folk dances and square
dances will be featured by the Hoe
downers tonight in the Women's
Gym at 7:30. Besides the American
progressive dances and squares
there will be polkas, Spanish waltz
es, the Viennese waltz, and the Rus
sian kopak.
"It is not necessary to be ac
quainted with these dances as they
are first demonstrated by Mrs. Lyd
sler of the Dance Department or
advanced members of the Hoe
downers," said Ann Fitzgerald, a
new member this year. Everyone is
invited. >
European folk dances and square
dances will be featured by the Hoe
downers tonight in the Women's
Gym at 7:30. Besides the American
progressive dances and squares
there will be polkas, Spanish waltz
es, the Viennese waltz, and the Rus
sian kopak.
"It is not necessary to be ac
quainted with these dances as they
are first demonstrated by Mrs. Lyd
sler of the Dance Department or
advanced members of the Hoe
downers," said Ann Fitzgerald, a
new member this year. Everyone is
invited. >
European folk dances and square
dances will be featured by the Hoe
downers tonight in the Women's
Gym at 7:30. Besides the American
progressive dances and squares
there will be polkas, Spanish waltz
es, the Viennese waltz, and the Rus
sian kopak.
"It is not necessary to be ac
quainted with these dances as they
are first demonstrated by Mrs. Lyd
sler of the Dance Department or
advanced members of the Hoe
downers," said Ann Fitzgerald, a
new member this year. Everyone is
invited. >
European folk dances and square
dances will be featured by the Hoe
downers tonight in the Women's
Gym at 7:30. Besides the American
progressive dances and squares
there will be polkas, Spanish waltz
es, the Viennese waltz, and the Rus
sian kopak.
"It is not necessary to be ac
quainted with these dances as they
are first demonstrated by Mrs. Lyd
sler of the Dance Department or
advanced members of the Hoe
downers," said Ann Fitzgerald, a
new member this year. Everyone is
invited. >
European folk dances and square
dances will be featured by the Hoe
downers tonight in the Women's
Gym at 7:30. Besides the American
progressive dances and squares
there will be polkas, Spanish waltz
es, the Viennese waltz, and the Rus
sian kopak.
"It is not necessary to be ac
quainted with these dances as they
are first demonstrated by Mrs. Lyd
sler of the Dance Department or
advanced members of the Hoe
downers," said Ann Fitzgerald, a
new member this year. Everyone is
invited. >
European folk dances and square
dances will be featured by the Hoe
downers tonight in the Women's
Gym at 7:30. Besides the American
progressive dances and squares
there will be polkas, Spanish waltz
es, the Viennese waltz, and the Rus
sian kopak.
"It is not necessary to be ac
quainted with these dances as they
are first demonstrated by Mrs. Lyd
sler of the Dance Department or
advanced members of the Hoe
downers," said Ann Fitzgerald, a
new member this year. Everyone is
invited. >
