# VETS STAY AROUND
## 
### 
To date there has been no known
case of a veteran dropping out of
Stanford because he has not re
ceived his allowance from the Vet
erans Administration, Dean of Stu
dents Lawrence A. Kimpton said
yesterday.
George D. Barahal, counselor for
veterans' affairs, pointed out that
Stanford has a lop.n fund to aid
students until they receive their
checks. These loans are arranged
through Sheldon Beatty, chief
counselor for men.
To date there has been no known
case of a veteran dropping out of
Stanford because he has not re
ceived his allowance from the Vet
erans Administration, Dean of Stu
dents Lawrence A. Kimpton said
yesterday.
George D. Barahal, counselor for
veterans' affairs, pointed out that
Stanford has a lop.n fund to aid
students until they receive their
checks. These loans are arranged
through Sheldon Beatty, chief
counselor for men.
To date there has been no known
case of a veteran dropping out of
Stanford because he has not re
ceived his allowance from the Vet
erans Administration, Dean of Stu
dents Lawrence A. Kimpton said
yesterday.
George D. Barahal, counselor for
veterans' affairs, pointed out that
Stanford has a lop.n fund to aid
students until they receive their
checks. These loans are arranged
through Sheldon Beatty, chief
counselor for men.
To date there has been no known
case of a veteran dropping out of
Stanford because he has not re
ceived his allowance from the Vet
erans Administration, Dean of Stu
dents Lawrence A. Kimpton said
yesterday.
George D. Barahal, counselor for
veterans' affairs, pointed out that
Stanford has a lop.n fund to aid
students until they receive their
checks. These loans are arranged
through Sheldon Beatty, chief
counselor for men.
To date there has been no known
case of a veteran dropping out of
Stanford because he has not re
ceived his allowance from the Vet
erans Administration, Dean of Stu
dents Lawrence A. Kimpton said
yesterday.
George D. Barahal, counselor for
veterans' affairs, pointed out that
Stanford has a lop.n fund to aid
students until they receive their
checks. These loans are arranged
through Sheldon Beatty, chief
counselor for men.
To date there has been no known
case of a veteran dropping out of
Stanford because he has not re
ceived his allowance from the Vet
erans Administration, Dean of Stu
dents Lawrence A. Kimpton said
yesterday.
George D. Barahal, counselor for
veterans' affairs, pointed out that
Stanford has a lop.n fund to aid
students until they receive their
checks. These loans are arranged
through Sheldon Beatty, chief
counselor for men.
To date there has been no known
case of a veteran dropping out of
Stanford because he has not re
ceived his allowance from the Vet
erans Administration, Dean of Stu
dents Lawrence A. Kimpton said
yesterday.
George D. Barahal, counselor for
veterans' affairs, pointed out that
Stanford has a lop.n fund to aid
students until they receive their
checks. These loans are arranged
through Sheldon Beatty, chief
counselor for men.
To date there has been no known
case of a veteran dropping out of
Stanford because he has not re
ceived his allowance from the Vet
erans Administration, Dean of Stu
dents Lawrence A. Kimpton said
yesterday.
George D. Barahal, counselor for
veterans' affairs, pointed out that
Stanford has a lop.n fund to aid
students until they receive their
checks. These loans are arranged
through Sheldon Beatty, chief
counselor for men.
To date there has been no known
case of a veteran dropping out of
Stanford because he has not re
ceived his allowance from the Vet
erans Administration, Dean of Stu
dents Lawrence A. Kimpton said
yesterday.
George D. Barahal, counselor for
veterans' affairs, pointed out that
Stanford has a lop.n fund to aid
students until they receive their
checks. These loans are arranged
through Sheldon Beatty, chief
counselor for men.
To date there has been no known
case of a veteran dropping out of
Stanford because he has not re
ceived his allowance from the Vet
erans Administration, Dean of Stu
dents Lawrence A. Kimpton said
yesterday.
George D. Barahal, counselor for
veterans' affairs, pointed out that
Stanford has a lop.n fund to aid
students until they receive their
checks. These loans are arranged
through Sheldon Beatty, chief
counselor for men.
To date there has been no known
case of a veteran dropping out of
Stanford because he has not re
ceived his allowance from the Vet
erans Administration, Dean of Stu
dents Lawrence A. Kimpton said
yesterday.
George D. Barahal, counselor for
veterans' affairs, pointed out that
Stanford has a lop.n fund to aid
students until they receive their
checks. These loans are arranged
through Sheldon Beatty, chief
counselor for men.
To date there has been no known
case of a veteran dropping out of
Stanford because he has not re
ceived his allowance from the Vet
erans Administration, Dean of Stu
dents Lawrence A. Kimpton said
yesterday.
George D. Barahal, counselor for
veterans' affairs, pointed out that
Stanford has a lop.n fund to aid
students until they receive their
checks. These loans are arranged
through Sheldon Beatty, chief
counselor for men.
To date there has been no known
case of a veteran dropping out of
Stanford because he has not re
ceived his allowance from the Vet
erans Administration, Dean of Stu
dents Lawrence A. Kimpton said
yesterday.
George D. Barahal, counselor for
veterans' affairs, pointed out that
Stanford has a lop.n fund to aid
students until they receive their
checks. These loans are arranged
through Sheldon Beatty, chief
counselor for men.
To date there has been no known
case of a veteran dropping out of
Stanford because he has not re
ceived his allowance from the Vet
erans Administration, Dean of Stu
dents Lawrence A. Kimpton said
yesterday.
George D. Barahal, counselor for
veterans' affairs, pointed out that
Stanford has a lop.n fund to aid
students until they receive their
checks. These loans are arranged
through Sheldon Beatty, chief
counselor for men.
To date there has been no known
case of a veteran dropping out of
Stanford because he has not re
ceived his allowance from the Vet
erans Administration, Dean of Stu
dents Lawrence A. Kimpton said
yesterday.
George D. Barahal, counselor for
veterans' affairs, pointed out that
Stanford has a lop.n fund to aid
students until they receive their
checks. These loans are arranged
through Sheldon Beatty, chief
counselor for men.
To date there has been no known
case of a veteran dropping out of
Stanford because he has not re
ceived his allowance from the Vet
erans Administration, Dean of Stu
dents Lawrence A. Kimpton said
yesterday.
George D. Barahal, counselor for
veterans' affairs, pointed out that
Stanford has a lop.n fund to aid
students until they receive their
checks. These loans are arranged
through Sheldon Beatty, chief
counselor for men.
