# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
engagement of William S. Rule to
Nancy Norton, '47.
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
engagement of William S. Rule to
Nancy Norton, '47.
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
engagement of William S. Rule to
Nancy Norton, '47.
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
engagement of William S. Rule to
Nancy Norton, '47.
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
engagement of William S. Rule to
Nancy Norton, '47.
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
engagement of William S. Rule to
Nancy Norton, '47.
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
engagement of William S. Rule to
Nancy Norton, '47.
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
engagement of William S. Rule to
Nancy Norton, '47.
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
engagement of William S. Rule to
Nancy Norton, '47.
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
engagement of William S. Rule to
Nancy Norton, '47.
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
engagement of William S. Rule to
Nancy Norton, '47.
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
engagement of William S. Rule to
Nancy Norton, '47.
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
engagement of William S. Rule to
Nancy Norton, '47.
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
engagement of William S. Rule to
Nancy Norton, '47.
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
engagement of William S. Rule to
Nancy Norton, '47.
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
engagement of William S. Rule to
Nancy Norton, '47.
