# NEW WAA REPRESENTATIVE
## 
### 
Josic Cornet was chosen freshman
WAA representative at the last
WAA executives' meeting, accord
ing to Mary Lou Andreatta, WAA
president. Joyce Townsend was
chosen as ex-oflicio freshman mem
ber.
Josic Cornet was chosen freshman
WAA representative at the last
WAA executives' meeting, accord
ing to Mary Lou Andreatta, WAA
president. Joyce Townsend was
chosen as ex-oflicio freshman mem
ber.
Josic Cornet was chosen freshman
WAA representative at the last
WAA executives' meeting, accord
ing to Mary Lou Andreatta, WAA
president. Joyce Townsend was
chosen as ex-oflicio freshman mem
ber.
Josic Cornet was chosen freshman
WAA representative at the last
WAA executives' meeting, accord
ing to Mary Lou Andreatta, WAA
president. Joyce Townsend was
chosen as ex-oflicio freshman mem
ber.
Josic Cornet was chosen freshman
WAA representative at the last
WAA executives' meeting, accord
ing to Mary Lou Andreatta, WAA
president. Joyce Townsend was
chosen as ex-oflicio freshman mem
ber.
Josic Cornet was chosen freshman
WAA representative at the last
WAA executives' meeting, accord
ing to Mary Lou Andreatta, WAA
president. Joyce Townsend was
chosen as ex-oflicio freshman mem
ber.
Josic Cornet was chosen freshman
WAA representative at the last
WAA executives' meeting, accord
ing to Mary Lou Andreatta, WAA
president. Joyce Townsend was
chosen as ex-oflicio freshman mem
ber.
Josic Cornet was chosen freshman
WAA representative at the last
WAA executives' meeting, accord
ing to Mary Lou Andreatta, WAA
president. Joyce Townsend was
chosen as ex-oflicio freshman mem
ber.
Josic Cornet was chosen freshman
WAA representative at the last
WAA executives' meeting, accord
ing to Mary Lou Andreatta, WAA
president. Joyce Townsend was
chosen as ex-oflicio freshman mem
ber.
Josic Cornet was chosen freshman
WAA representative at the last
WAA executives' meeting, accord
ing to Mary Lou Andreatta, WAA
president. Joyce Townsend was
chosen as ex-oflicio freshman mem
ber.
Josic Cornet was chosen freshman
WAA representative at the last
WAA executives' meeting, accord
ing to Mary Lou Andreatta, WAA
president. Joyce Townsend was
chosen as ex-oflicio freshman mem
ber.
Josic Cornet was chosen freshman
WAA representative at the last
WAA executives' meeting, accord
ing to Mary Lou Andreatta, WAA
president. Joyce Townsend was
chosen as ex-oflicio freshman mem
ber.
Josic Cornet was chosen freshman
WAA representative at the last
WAA executives' meeting, accord
ing to Mary Lou Andreatta, WAA
president. Joyce Townsend was
chosen as ex-oflicio freshman mem
ber.
Josic Cornet was chosen freshman
WAA representative at the last
WAA executives' meeting, accord
ing to Mary Lou Andreatta, WAA
president. Joyce Townsend was
chosen as ex-oflicio freshman mem
ber.
Josic Cornet was chosen freshman
WAA representative at the last
WAA executives' meeting, accord
ing to Mary Lou Andreatta, WAA
president. Joyce Townsend was
chosen as ex-oflicio freshman mem
ber.
Josic Cornet was chosen freshman
WAA representative at the last
WAA executives' meeting, accord
ing to Mary Lou Andreatta, WAA
president. Joyce Townsend was
chosen as ex-oflicio freshman mem
ber.
