# Farm Chapel Plans Two Sunday Schools
## 
### 
Plans are being laid by the Me
morial Church committee on edu
cation for the formation of two
Sunday schools, one to meet in
Stanford Village and the other in
the church.
The purpose of the plan is to pro
vide for the religious education of
children of student, faculty, and
neighboring families wltb are not
otherwise able to attend . Sunday
schools.
CHILDREN AT VILLAGE
A preliminary survey indicates
there are in the Village alone more
than 100 children under the age of
eight whose parents would be glad
of the opportunity to send their
children to school Sunday morn
ings, Chaplain Gale Winton Engle
said. The sessions would be timed
to allow the parents freedom to
attend regular church services. A
curriculum has been chosen which
represents the interdenominational
kind of church.
At present the committee foresees
the need for nine teachers in the
Village and probably the same
number in the church section. Mr:;.
Herbert B. Nanncy, adviser to the
committee, is conducting a series of

discussions on Tuesday nights with
prospective teachers and helpers.
COMMITTEE FORMED
In charge of the school section in
the Memorial Church is a commit
tee of faculty and students headed
by Mrs. Edwin T. Coman Jr. The
committee fit present is attempting
a survey of the number of people
on campus and in the near vicinity
interested in Sunday school activi
ties. Mrs. Coman suggested that
anyone particularly interested in
teaching or in aiding in organiza
tional work should call the Memo
rial Church.
Plans are being laid by the Me
morial Church committee on edu
cation for the formation of two
Sunday schools, one to meet in
Stanford Village and the other in
the church.
The purpose of the plan is to pro
vide for the religious education of
children of student, faculty, and
neighboring families wltb are not
otherwise able to attend . Sunday
schools.
CHILDREN AT VILLAGE
A preliminary survey indicates
there are in the Village alone more
than 100 children under the age of
eight whose parents would be glad
of the opportunity to send their
children to school Sunday morn
ings, Chaplain Gale Winton Engle
said. The sessions would be timed
to allow the parents freedom to
attend regular church services. A
curriculum has been chosen which
represents the interdenominational
kind of church.
At present the committee foresees
the need for nine teachers in the
Village and probably the same
number in the church section. Mr:;.
Herbert B. Nanncy, adviser to the
committee, is conducting a series of

discussions on Tuesday nights with
prospective teachers and helpers.
COMMITTEE FORMED
In charge of the school section in
the Memorial Church is a commit
tee of faculty and students headed
by Mrs. Edwin T. Coman Jr. The
committee fit present is attempting
a survey of the number of people
on campus and in the near vicinity
interested in Sunday school activi
ties. Mrs. Coman suggested that
anyone particularly interested in
teaching or in aiding in organiza
tional work should call the Memo
rial Church.
Plans are being laid by the Me
morial Church committee on edu
cation for the formation of two
Sunday schools, one to meet in
Stanford Village and the other in
the church.
The purpose of the plan is to pro
vide for the religious education of
children of student, faculty, and
neighboring families wltb are not
otherwise able to attend . Sunday
schools.
CHILDREN AT VILLAGE
A preliminary survey indicates
there are in the Village alone more
than 100 children under the age of
eight whose parents would be glad
of the opportunity to send their
children to school Sunday morn
ings, Chaplain Gale Winton Engle
said. The sessions would be timed
to allow the parents freedom to
attend regular church services. A
curriculum has been chosen which
represents the interdenominational
kind of church.
At present the committee foresees
the need for nine teachers in the
Village and probably the same
number in the church section. Mr:;.
Herbert B. Nanncy, adviser to the
committee, is conducting a series of

discussions on Tuesday nights with
prospective teachers and helpers.
COMMITTEE FORMED
In charge of the school section in
the Memorial Church is a commit
tee of faculty and students headed
by Mrs. Edwin T. Coman Jr. The
committee fit present is attempting
a survey of the number of people
on campus and in the near vicinity
interested in Sunday school activi
ties. Mrs. Coman suggested that
anyone particularly interested in
teaching or in aiding in organiza
tional work should call the Memo
rial Church.
Plans are being laid by the Me
morial Church committee on edu
cation for the formation of two
Sunday schools, one to meet in
Stanford Village and the other in
the church.
The purpose of the plan is to pro
vide for the religious education of
children of student, faculty, and
neighboring families wltb are not
otherwise able to attend . Sunday
schools.
CHILDREN AT VILLAGE
A preliminary survey indicates
there are in the Village alone more
than 100 children under the age of
eight whose parents would be glad
of the opportunity to send their
children to school Sunday morn
ings, Chaplain Gale Winton Engle
said. The sessions would be timed
to allow the parents freedom to
attend regular church services. A
curriculum has been chosen which
represents the interdenominational
kind of church.
At present the committee foresees
the need for nine teachers in the
Village and probably the same
number in the church section. Mr:;.
Herbert B. Nanncy, adviser to the
committee, is conducting a series of

discussions on Tuesday nights with
prospective teachers and helpers.
COMMITTEE FORMED
In charge of the school section in
the Memorial Church is a commit
tee of faculty and students headed
by Mrs. Edwin T. Coman Jr. The
committee fit present is attempting
a survey of the number of people
on campus and in the near vicinity
interested in Sunday school activi
ties. Mrs. Coman suggested that
anyone particularly interested in
teaching or in aiding in organiza
tional work should call the Memo
rial Church.
Plans are being laid by the Me
morial Church committee on edu
cation for the formation of two
Sunday schools, one to meet in
Stanford Village and the other in
the church.
The purpose of the plan is to pro
vide for the religious education of
children of student, faculty, and
neighboring families wltb are not
otherwise able to attend . Sunday
schools.
CHILDREN AT VILLAGE
A preliminary survey indicates
there are in the Village alone more
than 100 children under the age of
eight whose parents would be glad
of the opportunity to send their
children to school Sunday morn
ings, Chaplain Gale Winton Engle
said. The sessions would be timed
to allow the parents freedom to
attend regular church services. A
curriculum has been chosen which
represents the interdenominational
kind of church.
At present the committee foresees
the need for nine teachers in the
Village and probably the same
number in the church section. Mr:;.
Herbert B. Nanncy, adviser to the
committee, is conducting a series of

discussions on Tuesday nights with
prospective teachers and helpers.
COMMITTEE FORMED
In charge of the school section in
the Memorial Church is a commit
tee of faculty and students headed
by Mrs. Edwin T. Coman Jr. The
committee fit present is attempting
a survey of the number of people
on campus and in the near vicinity
interested in Sunday school activi
ties. Mrs. Coman suggested that
anyone particularly interested in
teaching or in aiding in organiza
tional work should call the Memo
rial Church.
Plans are being laid by the Me
morial Church committee on edu
cation for the formation of two
Sunday schools, one to meet in
Stanford Village and the other in
the church.
The purpose of the plan is to pro
vide for the religious education of
children of student, faculty, and
neighboring families wltb are not
otherwise able to attend . Sunday
schools.
CHILDREN AT VILLAGE
A preliminary survey indicates
there are in the Village alone more
than 100 children under the age of
eight whose parents would be glad
of the opportunity to send their
children to school Sunday morn
ings, Chaplain Gale Winton Engle
said. The sessions would be timed
to allow the parents freedom to
attend regular church services. A
curriculum has been chosen which
represents the interdenominational
kind of church.
At present the committee foresees
the need for nine teachers in the
Village and probably the same
number in the church section. Mr:;.
Herbert B. Nanncy, adviser to the
committee, is conducting a series of

discussions on Tuesday nights with
prospective teachers and helpers.
COMMITTEE FORMED
In charge of the school section in
the Memorial Church is a commit
tee of faculty and students headed
by Mrs. Edwin T. Coman Jr. The
committee fit present is attempting
a survey of the number of people
on campus and in the near vicinity
interested in Sunday school activi
ties. Mrs. Coman suggested that
anyone particularly interested in
teaching or in aiding in organiza
tional work should call the Memo
rial Church.
Plans are being laid by the Me
morial Church committee on edu
cation for the formation of two
Sunday schools, one to meet in
Stanford Village and the other in
the church.
The purpose of the plan is to pro
vide for the religious education of
children of student, faculty, and
neighboring families wltb are not
otherwise able to attend . Sunday
schools.
CHILDREN AT VILLAGE
A preliminary survey indicates
there are in the Village alone more
than 100 children under the age of
eight whose parents would be glad
of the opportunity to send their
children to school Sunday morn
ings, Chaplain Gale Winton Engle
said. The sessions would be timed
to allow the parents freedom to
attend regular church services. A
curriculum has been chosen which
represents the interdenominational
kind of church.
At present the committee foresees
the need for nine teachers in the
Village and probably the same
number in the church section. Mr:;.
Herbert B. Nanncy, adviser to the
committee, is conducting a series of

discussions on Tuesday nights with
prospective teachers and helpers.
COMMITTEE FORMED
In charge of the school section in
the Memorial Church is a commit
tee of faculty and students headed
by Mrs. Edwin T. Coman Jr. The
committee fit present is attempting
a survey of the number of people
on campus and in the near vicinity
interested in Sunday school activi
ties. Mrs. Coman suggested that
anyone particularly interested in
teaching or in aiding in organiza
tional work should call the Memo
rial Church.
Plans are being laid by the Me
morial Church committee on edu
cation for the formation of two
Sunday schools, one to meet in
Stanford Village and the other in
the church.
The purpose of the plan is to pro
vide for the religious education of
children of student, faculty, and
neighboring families wltb are not
otherwise able to attend . Sunday
schools.
CHILDREN AT VILLAGE
A preliminary survey indicates
there are in the Village alone more
than 100 children under the age of
eight whose parents would be glad
of the opportunity to send their
children to school Sunday morn
ings, Chaplain Gale Winton Engle
said. The sessions would be timed
to allow the parents freedom to
attend regular church services. A
curriculum has been chosen which
represents the interdenominational
kind of church.
At present the committee foresees
the need for nine teachers in the
Village and probably the same
number in the church section. Mr:;.
Herbert B. Nanncy, adviser to the
committee, is conducting a series of

discussions on Tuesday nights with
prospective teachers and helpers.
COMMITTEE FORMED
In charge of the school section in
the Memorial Church is a commit
tee of faculty and students headed
by Mrs. Edwin T. Coman Jr. The
committee fit present is attempting
a survey of the number of people
on campus and in the near vicinity
interested in Sunday school activi
ties. Mrs. Coman suggested that
anyone particularly interested in
teaching or in aiding in organiza
tional work should call the Memo
rial Church.
Plans are being laid by the Me
morial Church committee on edu
cation for the formation of two
Sunday schools, one to meet in
Stanford Village and the other in
the church.
The purpose of the plan is to pro
vide for the religious education of
children of student, faculty, and
neighboring families wltb are not
otherwise able to attend . Sunday
schools.
CHILDREN AT VILLAGE
A preliminary survey indicates
there are in the Village alone more
than 100 children under the age of
eight whose parents would be glad
of the opportunity to send their
children to school Sunday morn
ings, Chaplain Gale Winton Engle
said. The sessions would be timed
to allow the parents freedom to
attend regular church services. A
curriculum has been chosen which
represents the interdenominational
kind of church.
At present the committee foresees
the need for nine teachers in the
Village and probably the same
number in the church section. Mr:;.
Herbert B. Nanncy, adviser to the
committee, is conducting a series of

discussions on Tuesday nights with
prospective teachers and helpers.
COMMITTEE FORMED
In charge of the school section in
the Memorial Church is a commit
tee of faculty and students headed
by Mrs. Edwin T. Coman Jr. The
committee fit present is attempting
a survey of the number of people
on campus and in the near vicinity
interested in Sunday school activi
ties. Mrs. Coman suggested that
anyone particularly interested in
teaching or in aiding in organiza
tional work should call the Memo
rial Church.
Plans are being laid by the Me
morial Church committee on edu
cation for the formation of two
Sunday schools, one to meet in
Stanford Village and the other in
the church.
The purpose of the plan is to pro
vide for the religious education of
children of student, faculty, and
neighboring families wltb are not
otherwise able to attend . Sunday
schools.
CHILDREN AT VILLAGE
A preliminary survey indicates
there are in the Village alone more
than 100 children under the age of
eight whose parents would be glad
of the opportunity to send their
children to school Sunday morn
ings, Chaplain Gale Winton Engle
said. The sessions would be timed
to allow the parents freedom to
attend regular church services. A
curriculum has been chosen which
represents the interdenominational
kind of church.
At present the committee foresees
the need for nine teachers in the
Village and probably the same
number in the church section. Mr:;.
Herbert B. Nanncy, adviser to the
committee, is conducting a series of

discussions on Tuesday nights with
prospective teachers and helpers.
COMMITTEE FORMED
In charge of the school section in
the Memorial Church is a commit
tee of faculty and students headed
by Mrs. Edwin T. Coman Jr. The
committee fit present is attempting
a survey of the number of people
on campus and in the near vicinity
interested in Sunday school activi
ties. Mrs. Coman suggested that
anyone particularly interested in
teaching or in aiding in organiza
tional work should call the Memo
rial Church.
Plans are being laid by the Me
morial Church committee on edu
cation for the formation of two
Sunday schools, one to meet in
Stanford Village and the other in
the church.
The purpose of the plan is to pro
vide for the religious education of
children of student, faculty, and
neighboring families wltb are not
otherwise able to attend . Sunday
schools.
CHILDREN AT VILLAGE
A preliminary survey indicates
there are in the Village alone more
than 100 children under the age of
eight whose parents would be glad
of the opportunity to send their
children to school Sunday morn
ings, Chaplain Gale Winton Engle
said. The sessions would be timed
to allow the parents freedom to
attend regular church services. A
curriculum has been chosen which
represents the interdenominational
kind of church.
At present the committee foresees
the need for nine teachers in the
Village and probably the same
number in the church section. Mr:;.
Herbert B. Nanncy, adviser to the
committee, is conducting a series of

discussions on Tuesday nights with
prospective teachers and helpers.
COMMITTEE FORMED
In charge of the school section in
the Memorial Church is a commit
tee of faculty and students headed
by Mrs. Edwin T. Coman Jr. The
committee fit present is attempting
a survey of the number of people
on campus and in the near vicinity
interested in Sunday school activi
ties. Mrs. Coman suggested that
anyone particularly interested in
teaching or in aiding in organiza
tional work should call the Memo
rial Church.
Plans are being laid by the Me
morial Church committee on edu
cation for the formation of two
Sunday schools, one to meet in
Stanford Village and the other in
the church.
The purpose of the plan is to pro
vide for the religious education of
children of student, faculty, and
neighboring families wltb are not
otherwise able to attend . Sunday
schools.
CHILDREN AT VILLAGE
A preliminary survey indicates
there are in the Village alone more
than 100 children under the age of
eight whose parents would be glad
of the opportunity to send their
children to school Sunday morn
ings, Chaplain Gale Winton Engle
said. The sessions would be timed
to allow the parents freedom to
attend regular church services. A
curriculum has been chosen which
represents the interdenominational
kind of church.
At present the committee foresees
the need for nine teachers in the
Village and probably the same
number in the church section. Mr:;.
Herbert B. Nanncy, adviser to the
committee, is conducting a series of

discussions on Tuesday nights with
prospective teachers and helpers.
COMMITTEE FORMED
In charge of the school section in
the Memorial Church is a commit
tee of faculty and students headed
by Mrs. Edwin T. Coman Jr. The
committee fit present is attempting
a survey of the number of people
on campus and in the near vicinity
interested in Sunday school activi
ties. Mrs. Coman suggested that
anyone particularly interested in
teaching or in aiding in organiza
tional work should call the Memo
rial Church.
Plans are being laid by the Me
morial Church committee on edu
cation for the formation of two
Sunday schools, one to meet in
Stanford Village and the other in
the church.
The purpose of the plan is to pro
vide for the religious education of
children of student, faculty, and
neighboring families wltb are not
otherwise able to attend . Sunday
schools.
CHILDREN AT VILLAGE
A preliminary survey indicates
there are in the Village alone more
than 100 children under the age of
eight whose parents would be glad
of the opportunity to send their
children to school Sunday morn
ings, Chaplain Gale Winton Engle
said. The sessions would be timed
to allow the parents freedom to
attend regular church services. A
curriculum has been chosen which
represents the interdenominational
kind of church.
At present the committee foresees
the need for nine teachers in the
Village and probably the same
number in the church section. Mr:;.
Herbert B. Nanncy, adviser to the
committee, is conducting a series of

discussions on Tuesday nights with
prospective teachers and helpers.
COMMITTEE FORMED
In charge of the school section in
the Memorial Church is a commit
tee of faculty and students headed
by Mrs. Edwin T. Coman Jr. The
committee fit present is attempting
a survey of the number of people
on campus and in the near vicinity
interested in Sunday school activi
ties. Mrs. Coman suggested that
anyone particularly interested in
teaching or in aiding in organiza
tional work should call the Memo
rial Church.
Plans are being laid by the Me
morial Church committee on edu
cation for the formation of two
Sunday schools, one to meet in
Stanford Village and the other in
the church.
The purpose of the plan is to pro
vide for the religious education of
children of student, faculty, and
neighboring families wltb are not
otherwise able to attend . Sunday
schools.
CHILDREN AT VILLAGE
A preliminary survey indicates
there are in the Village alone more
than 100 children under the age of
eight whose parents would be glad
of the opportunity to send their
children to school Sunday morn
ings, Chaplain Gale Winton Engle
said. The sessions would be timed
to allow the parents freedom to
attend regular church services. A
curriculum has been chosen which
represents the interdenominational
kind of church.
At present the committee foresees
the need for nine teachers in the
Village and probably the same
number in the church section. Mr:;.
Herbert B. Nanncy, adviser to the
committee, is conducting a series of

discussions on Tuesday nights with
prospective teachers and helpers.
COMMITTEE FORMED
In charge of the school section in
the Memorial Church is a commit
tee of faculty and students headed
by Mrs. Edwin T. Coman Jr. The
committee fit present is attempting
a survey of the number of people
on campus and in the near vicinity
interested in Sunday school activi
ties. Mrs. Coman suggested that
anyone particularly interested in
teaching or in aiding in organiza
tional work should call the Memo
rial Church.
Plans are being laid by the Me
morial Church committee on edu
cation for the formation of two
Sunday schools, one to meet in
Stanford Village and the other in
the church.
The purpose of the plan is to pro
vide for the religious education of
children of student, faculty, and
neighboring families wltb are not
otherwise able to attend . Sunday
schools.
CHILDREN AT VILLAGE
A preliminary survey indicates
there are in the Village alone more
than 100 children under the age of
eight whose parents would be glad
of the opportunity to send their
children to school Sunday morn
ings, Chaplain Gale Winton Engle
said. The sessions would be timed
to allow the parents freedom to
attend regular church services. A
curriculum has been chosen which
represents the interdenominational
kind of church.
At present the committee foresees
the need for nine teachers in the
Village and probably the same
number in the church section. Mr:;.
Herbert B. Nanncy, adviser to the
committee, is conducting a series of

discussions on Tuesday nights with
prospective teachers and helpers.
COMMITTEE FORMED
In charge of the school section in
the Memorial Church is a commit
tee of faculty and students headed
by Mrs. Edwin T. Coman Jr. The
committee fit present is attempting
a survey of the number of people
on campus and in the near vicinity
interested in Sunday school activi
ties. Mrs. Coman suggested that
anyone particularly interested in
teaching or in aiding in organiza
tional work should call the Memo
rial Church.
Plans are being laid by the Me
morial Church committee on edu
cation for the formation of two
Sunday schools, one to meet in
Stanford Village and the other in
the church.
The purpose of the plan is to pro
vide for the religious education of
children of student, faculty, and
neighboring families wltb are not
otherwise able to attend . Sunday
schools.
CHILDREN AT VILLAGE
A preliminary survey indicates
there are in the Village alone more
than 100 children under the age of
eight whose parents would be glad
of the opportunity to send their
children to school Sunday morn
ings, Chaplain Gale Winton Engle
said. The sessions would be timed
to allow the parents freedom to
attend regular church services. A
curriculum has been chosen which
represents the interdenominational
kind of church.
At present the committee foresees
the need for nine teachers in the
Village and probably the same
number in the church section. Mr:;.
Herbert B. Nanncy, adviser to the
committee, is conducting a series of

discussions on Tuesday nights with
prospective teachers and helpers.
COMMITTEE FORMED
In charge of the school section in
the Memorial Church is a commit
tee of faculty and students headed
by Mrs. Edwin T. Coman Jr. The
committee fit present is attempting
a survey of the number of people
on campus and in the near vicinity
interested in Sunday school activi
ties. Mrs. Coman suggested that
anyone particularly interested in
teaching or in aiding in organiza
tional work should call the Memo
rial Church.
