# Earm Alumni Advance To Executive Positions In Steel Corporation
## 
### 
Eric Barnett, Stanford class of
1925, and C. L. Hamman, class of
1931, were appointed to executive
positions in the Columbia Steel
Company recently, according to a
company official.
Barnett, who was appointed As
sistant General Manager of Sales-
Distribution, is a native of Sydney,
New South W;iles. Joining Colum
bia Steel in 1929 as a salesman, he
advanced to Assistant General Man
ager of Sales-Market Development
prior to his present appointment.
Hamman, who was appointed Gen
eral Sales StafT Manager, became
associated with Columbia Steel in
1942 as Chief Market Research En
gineer. In 1945 he was promoted to
Manager ot Sales 'Market Research.
He lives in Palo Alto.
