# Money, Tickets Stolen from Gym
## 
### 
Approximately $1550 and a mini -
ber of Big Game tickets were stolen
from individual lockers in the En
cina Gym last Friday between 11:30
a.m. and 5 p.m., according to J. C.
Irwin, Encina Gym store manager.
"Last year $1,500 was stolen from
the lockers," Irwin stated, "and in
every case it was because the men
did not lock their lockers." Irwin
urged thai men keep their locker ,
locked, if they want to stop the
thefts.
About. 25 iron in varsity football,
JV football, and soccer were robbed.
Approximately $1550 and a mini -
ber of Big Game tickets were stolen
from individual lockers in the En
cina Gym last Friday between 11:30
a.m. and 5 p.m., according to J. C.
Irwin, Encina Gym store manager.
"Last year $1,500 was stolen from
the lockers," Irwin stated, "and in
every case it was because the men
did not lock their lockers." Irwin
urged thai men keep their locker ,
locked, if they want to stop the
thefts.
About. 25 iron in varsity football,
JV football, and soccer were robbed.
Approximately $1550 and a mini -
ber of Big Game tickets were stolen
from individual lockers in the En
cina Gym last Friday between 11:30
a.m. and 5 p.m., according to J. C.
Irwin, Encina Gym store manager.
"Last year $1,500 was stolen from
the lockers," Irwin stated, "and in
every case it was because the men
did not lock their lockers." Irwin
urged thai men keep their locker ,
locked, if they want to stop the
thefts.
About. 25 iron in varsity football,
JV football, and soccer were robbed.
Approximately $1550 and a mini -
ber of Big Game tickets were stolen
from individual lockers in the En
cina Gym last Friday between 11:30
a.m. and 5 p.m., according to J. C.
Irwin, Encina Gym store manager.
"Last year $1,500 was stolen from
the lockers," Irwin stated, "and in
every case it was because the men
did not lock their lockers." Irwin
urged thai men keep their locker ,
locked, if they want to stop the
thefts.
About. 25 iron in varsity football,
JV football, and soccer were robbed.
Approximately $1550 and a mini -
ber of Big Game tickets were stolen
from individual lockers in the En
cina Gym last Friday between 11:30
a.m. and 5 p.m., according to J. C.
Irwin, Encina Gym store manager.
"Last year $1,500 was stolen from
the lockers," Irwin stated, "and in
every case it was because the men
did not lock their lockers." Irwin
urged thai men keep their locker ,
locked, if they want to stop the
thefts.
About. 25 iron in varsity football,
JV football, and soccer were robbed.
Approximately $1550 and a mini -
ber of Big Game tickets were stolen
from individual lockers in the En
cina Gym last Friday between 11:30
a.m. and 5 p.m., according to J. C.
Irwin, Encina Gym store manager.
"Last year $1,500 was stolen from
the lockers," Irwin stated, "and in
every case it was because the men
did not lock their lockers." Irwin
urged thai men keep their locker ,
locked, if they want to stop the
thefts.
About. 25 iron in varsity football,
JV football, and soccer were robbed.
Approximately $1550 and a mini -
ber of Big Game tickets were stolen
from individual lockers in the En
cina Gym last Friday between 11:30
a.m. and 5 p.m., according to J. C.
Irwin, Encina Gym store manager.
"Last year $1,500 was stolen from
the lockers," Irwin stated, "and in
every case it was because the men
did not lock their lockers." Irwin
urged thai men keep their locker ,
locked, if they want to stop the
thefts.
About. 25 iron in varsity football,
JV football, and soccer were robbed.
Approximately $1550 and a mini -
ber of Big Game tickets were stolen
from individual lockers in the En
cina Gym last Friday between 11:30
a.m. and 5 p.m., according to J. C.
Irwin, Encina Gym store manager.
"Last year $1,500 was stolen from
the lockers," Irwin stated, "and in
every case it was because the men
did not lock their lockers." Irwin
urged thai men keep their locker ,
locked, if they want to stop the
thefts.
About. 25 iron in varsity football,
JV football, and soccer were robbed.
Approximately $1550 and a mini -
ber of Big Game tickets were stolen
from individual lockers in the En
cina Gym last Friday between 11:30
a.m. and 5 p.m., according to J. C.
Irwin, Encina Gym store manager.
"Last year $1,500 was stolen from
the lockers," Irwin stated, "and in
every case it was because the men
did not lock their lockers." Irwin
urged thai men keep their locker ,
locked, if they want to stop the
thefts.
About. 25 iron in varsity football,
JV football, and soccer were robbed.
Approximately $1550 and a mini -
ber of Big Game tickets were stolen
from individual lockers in the En
cina Gym last Friday between 11:30
a.m. and 5 p.m., according to J. C.
Irwin, Encina Gym store manager.
"Last year $1,500 was stolen from
the lockers," Irwin stated, "and in
every case it was because the men
did not lock their lockers." Irwin
urged thai men keep their locker ,
locked, if they want to stop the
thefts.
About. 25 iron in varsity football,
JV football, and soccer were robbed.
Approximately $1550 and a mini -
ber of Big Game tickets were stolen
from individual lockers in the En
cina Gym last Friday between 11:30
a.m. and 5 p.m., according to J. C.
Irwin, Encina Gym store manager.
"Last year $1,500 was stolen from
the lockers," Irwin stated, "and in
every case it was because the men
did not lock their lockers." Irwin
urged thai men keep their locker ,
locked, if they want to stop the
thefts.
About. 25 iron in varsity football,
JV football, and soccer were robbed.
Approximately $1550 and a mini -
ber of Big Game tickets were stolen
from individual lockers in the En
cina Gym last Friday between 11:30
a.m. and 5 p.m., according to J. C.
Irwin, Encina Gym store manager.
"Last year $1,500 was stolen from
the lockers," Irwin stated, "and in
every case it was because the men
did not lock their lockers." Irwin
urged thai men keep their locker ,
locked, if they want to stop the
thefts.
About. 25 iron in varsity football,
JV football, and soccer were robbed.
Approximately $1550 and a mini -
ber of Big Game tickets were stolen
from individual lockers in the En
cina Gym last Friday between 11:30
a.m. and 5 p.m., according to J. C.
Irwin, Encina Gym store manager.
"Last year $1,500 was stolen from
the lockers," Irwin stated, "and in
every case it was because the men
did not lock their lockers." Irwin
urged thai men keep their locker ,
locked, if they want to stop the
thefts.
About. 25 iron in varsity football,
JV football, and soccer were robbed.
Approximately $1550 and a mini -
ber of Big Game tickets were stolen
from individual lockers in the En
cina Gym last Friday between 11:30
a.m. and 5 p.m., according to J. C.
Irwin, Encina Gym store manager.
"Last year $1,500 was stolen from
the lockers," Irwin stated, "and in
every case it was because the men
did not lock their lockers." Irwin
urged thai men keep their locker ,
locked, if they want to stop the
thefts.
About. 25 iron in varsity football,
JV football, and soccer were robbed.
Approximately $1550 and a mini -
ber of Big Game tickets were stolen
from individual lockers in the En
cina Gym last Friday between 11:30
a.m. and 5 p.m., according to J. C.
Irwin, Encina Gym store manager.
"Last year $1,500 was stolen from
the lockers," Irwin stated, "and in
every case it was because the men
did not lock their lockers." Irwin
urged thai men keep their locker ,
locked, if they want to stop the
thefts.
About. 25 iron in varsity football,
JV football, and soccer were robbed.
Approximately $1550 and a mini -
ber of Big Game tickets were stolen
from individual lockers in the En
cina Gym last Friday between 11:30
a.m. and 5 p.m., according to J. C.
Irwin, Encina Gym store manager.
"Last year $1,500 was stolen from
the lockers," Irwin stated, "and in
every case it was because the men
did not lock their lockers." Irwin
urged thai men keep their locker ,
locked, if they want to stop the
thefts.
About. 25 iron in varsity football,
JV football, and soccer were robbed.
