# Morris, Anderson To Sing Tonight
## 
### 
Viola Morris, soprano, and Victoria
Anderson, contralto—the well-known
English duo will present a program
in Memorial Hall at 7:30 tonight.
The program a Tuesday Evening
Series feature, will be given under
the auspices of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
Tlie two English singers may be
remembered by many Palo Alto resi
dents, as they gave a previous con
cert here in 1938. They will be ac
companied at the piano by Edward
Mattos.
Viola Morris, soprano, and Victoria
Anderson, contralto—the well-known
English duo will present a program
in Memorial Hall at 7:30 tonight.
The program a Tuesday Evening
Series feature, will be given under
the auspices of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
Tlie two English singers may be
remembered by many Palo Alto resi
dents, as they gave a previous con
cert here in 1938. They will be ac
companied at the piano by Edward
Mattos.
Viola Morris, soprano, and Victoria
Anderson, contralto—the well-known
English duo will present a program
in Memorial Hall at 7:30 tonight.
The program a Tuesday Evening
Series feature, will be given under
the auspices of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
Tlie two English singers may be
remembered by many Palo Alto resi
dents, as they gave a previous con
cert here in 1938. They will be ac
companied at the piano by Edward
Mattos.
Viola Morris, soprano, and Victoria
Anderson, contralto—the well-known
English duo will present a program
in Memorial Hall at 7:30 tonight.
The program a Tuesday Evening
Series feature, will be given under
the auspices of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
Tlie two English singers may be
remembered by many Palo Alto resi
dents, as they gave a previous con
cert here in 1938. They will be ac
companied at the piano by Edward
Mattos.
Viola Morris, soprano, and Victoria
Anderson, contralto—the well-known
English duo will present a program
in Memorial Hall at 7:30 tonight.
The program a Tuesday Evening
Series feature, will be given under
the auspices of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
Tlie two English singers may be
remembered by many Palo Alto resi
dents, as they gave a previous con
cert here in 1938. They will be ac
companied at the piano by Edward
Mattos.
Viola Morris, soprano, and Victoria
Anderson, contralto—the well-known
English duo will present a program
in Memorial Hall at 7:30 tonight.
The program a Tuesday Evening
Series feature, will be given under
the auspices of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
Tlie two English singers may be
remembered by many Palo Alto resi
dents, as they gave a previous con
cert here in 1938. They will be ac
companied at the piano by Edward
Mattos.
Viola Morris, soprano, and Victoria
Anderson, contralto—the well-known
English duo will present a program
in Memorial Hall at 7:30 tonight.
The program a Tuesday Evening
Series feature, will be given under
the auspices of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
Tlie two English singers may be
remembered by many Palo Alto resi
dents, as they gave a previous con
cert here in 1938. They will be ac
companied at the piano by Edward
Mattos.
Viola Morris, soprano, and Victoria
Anderson, contralto—the well-known
English duo will present a program
in Memorial Hall at 7:30 tonight.
The program a Tuesday Evening
Series feature, will be given under
the auspices of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
Tlie two English singers may be
remembered by many Palo Alto resi
dents, as they gave a previous con
cert here in 1938. They will be ac
companied at the piano by Edward
Mattos.
Viola Morris, soprano, and Victoria
Anderson, contralto—the well-known
English duo will present a program
in Memorial Hall at 7:30 tonight.
The program a Tuesday Evening
Series feature, will be given under
the auspices of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
Tlie two English singers may be
remembered by many Palo Alto resi
dents, as they gave a previous con
cert here in 1938. They will be ac
companied at the piano by Edward
Mattos.
Viola Morris, soprano, and Victoria
Anderson, contralto—the well-known
English duo will present a program
in Memorial Hall at 7:30 tonight.
The program a Tuesday Evening
Series feature, will be given under
the auspices of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
Tlie two English singers may be
remembered by many Palo Alto resi
dents, as they gave a previous con
cert here in 1938. They will be ac
companied at the piano by Edward
Mattos.
Viola Morris, soprano, and Victoria
Anderson, contralto—the well-known
English duo will present a program
in Memorial Hall at 7:30 tonight.
The program a Tuesday Evening
Series feature, will be given under
the auspices of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
Tlie two English singers may be
remembered by many Palo Alto resi
dents, as they gave a previous con
cert here in 1938. They will be ac
companied at the piano by Edward
Mattos.
Viola Morris, soprano, and Victoria
Anderson, contralto—the well-known
English duo will present a program
in Memorial Hall at 7:30 tonight.
The program a Tuesday Evening
Series feature, will be given under
the auspices of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
Tlie two English singers may be
remembered by many Palo Alto resi
dents, as they gave a previous con
cert here in 1938. They will be ac
companied at the piano by Edward
Mattos.
Viola Morris, soprano, and Victoria
Anderson, contralto—the well-known
English duo will present a program
in Memorial Hall at 7:30 tonight.
The program a Tuesday Evening
Series feature, will be given under
the auspices of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
Tlie two English singers may be
remembered by many Palo Alto resi
dents, as they gave a previous con
cert here in 1938. They will be ac
companied at the piano by Edward
Mattos.
Viola Morris, soprano, and Victoria
Anderson, contralto—the well-known
English duo will present a program
in Memorial Hall at 7:30 tonight.
The program a Tuesday Evening
Series feature, will be given under
the auspices of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
Tlie two English singers may be
remembered by many Palo Alto resi
dents, as they gave a previous con
cert here in 1938. They will be ac
companied at the piano by Edward
Mattos.
Viola Morris, soprano, and Victoria
Anderson, contralto—the well-known
English duo will present a program
in Memorial Hall at 7:30 tonight.
The program a Tuesday Evening
Series feature, will be given under
the auspices of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
Tlie two English singers may be
remembered by many Palo Alto resi
dents, as they gave a previous con
cert here in 1938. They will be ac
companied at the piano by Edward
Mattos.
