# VOTED BEST
## 
### 

Elsie Boemker, Warrensburg, Mo.
miss, was voted the title of "ideal
Sorority Girl" at Santa Barbara,
Cal., where 250 delegates attended
the national convention of the edu
cational sorority, Delta Sigma Epsi
lon. (Associate Press photo.)

Elsie Boemker, Warrensburg, Mo.
miss, was voted the title of "ideal
Sorority Girl" at Santa Barbara,
Cal., where 250 delegates attended
the national convention of the edu
cational sorority, Delta Sigma Epsi
lon. (Associate Press photo.)

Elsie Boemker, Warrensburg, Mo.
miss, was voted the title of "ideal
Sorority Girl" at Santa Barbara,
Cal., where 250 delegates attended
the national convention of the edu
cational sorority, Delta Sigma Epsi
lon. (Associate Press photo.)

Elsie Boemker, Warrensburg, Mo.
miss, was voted the title of "ideal
Sorority Girl" at Santa Barbara,
Cal., where 250 delegates attended
the national convention of the edu
cational sorority, Delta Sigma Epsi
lon. (Associate Press photo.)

Elsie Boemker, Warrensburg, Mo.
miss, was voted the title of "ideal
Sorority Girl" at Santa Barbara,
Cal., where 250 delegates attended
the national convention of the edu
cational sorority, Delta Sigma Epsi
lon. (Associate Press photo.)

Elsie Boemker, Warrensburg, Mo.
miss, was voted the title of "ideal
Sorority Girl" at Santa Barbara,
Cal., where 250 delegates attended
the national convention of the edu
cational sorority, Delta Sigma Epsi
lon. (Associate Press photo.)

Elsie Boemker, Warrensburg, Mo.
miss, was voted the title of "ideal
Sorority Girl" at Santa Barbara,
Cal., where 250 delegates attended
the national convention of the edu
cational sorority, Delta Sigma Epsi
lon. (Associate Press photo.)

Elsie Boemker, Warrensburg, Mo.
miss, was voted the title of "ideal
Sorority Girl" at Santa Barbara,
Cal., where 250 delegates attended
the national convention of the edu
cational sorority, Delta Sigma Epsi
lon. (Associate Press photo.)

Elsie Boemker, Warrensburg, Mo.
miss, was voted the title of "ideal
Sorority Girl" at Santa Barbara,
Cal., where 250 delegates attended
the national convention of the edu
cational sorority, Delta Sigma Epsi
lon. (Associate Press photo.)

Elsie Boemker, Warrensburg, Mo.
miss, was voted the title of "ideal
Sorority Girl" at Santa Barbara,
Cal., where 250 delegates attended
the national convention of the edu
cational sorority, Delta Sigma Epsi
lon. (Associate Press photo.)

Elsie Boemker, Warrensburg, Mo.
miss, was voted the title of "ideal
Sorority Girl" at Santa Barbara,
Cal., where 250 delegates attended
the national convention of the edu
cational sorority, Delta Sigma Epsi
lon. (Associate Press photo.)

Elsie Boemker, Warrensburg, Mo.
miss, was voted the title of "ideal
Sorority Girl" at Santa Barbara,
Cal., where 250 delegates attended
the national convention of the edu
cational sorority, Delta Sigma Epsi
lon. (Associate Press photo.)

Elsie Boemker, Warrensburg, Mo.
miss, was voted the title of "ideal
Sorority Girl" at Santa Barbara,
Cal., where 250 delegates attended
the national convention of the edu
cational sorority, Delta Sigma Epsi
lon. (Associate Press photo.)

Elsie Boemker, Warrensburg, Mo.
miss, was voted the title of "ideal
Sorority Girl" at Santa Barbara,
Cal., where 250 delegates attended
the national convention of the edu
cational sorority, Delta Sigma Epsi
lon. (Associate Press photo.)

Elsie Boemker, Warrensburg, Mo.
miss, was voted the title of "ideal
Sorority Girl" at Santa Barbara,
Cal., where 250 delegates attended
the national convention of the edu
cational sorority, Delta Sigma Epsi
lon. (Associate Press photo.)
