# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—B. R. Brooke, ex-'O7, who has
since last semester been a student
at the University of Oregon, has
been appointed a temporary in
structor in biology at that institu
tion.
—B. R. Brooke, ex-'O7, who has
since last semester been a student
at the University of Oregon, has
been appointed a temporary in
structor in biology at that institu
tion.
—B. R. Brooke, ex-'O7, who has
since last semester been a student
at the University of Oregon, has
been appointed a temporary in
structor in biology at that institu
tion.
—B. R. Brooke, ex-'O7, who has
since last semester been a student
at the University of Oregon, has
been appointed a temporary in
structor in biology at that institu
tion.
—B. R. Brooke, ex-'O7, who has
since last semester been a student
at the University of Oregon, has
been appointed a temporary in
structor in biology at that institu
tion.
—B. R. Brooke, ex-'O7, who has
since last semester been a student
at the University of Oregon, has
been appointed a temporary in
structor in biology at that institu
tion.
—B. R. Brooke, ex-'O7, who has
since last semester been a student
at the University of Oregon, has
been appointed a temporary in
structor in biology at that institu
tion.
—B. R. Brooke, ex-'O7, who has
since last semester been a student
at the University of Oregon, has
been appointed a temporary in
structor in biology at that institu
tion.
—B. R. Brooke, ex-'O7, who has
since last semester been a student
at the University of Oregon, has
been appointed a temporary in
structor in biology at that institu
tion.
