# Describes Football in French Paper.
## 
### 
E. L. H. Knoche, '99, who is tak
ing a special course in botany and
mineralogy at the University of
Montpellier, France, is the author
of an article in the student paper
there, Le Midi-Etudiant, describing
the football game which is played
annually between Stanford and
California.
E. L. H. Knoche, '99, who is tak
ing a special course in botany and
mineralogy at the University of
Montpellier, France, is the author
of an article in the student paper
there, Le Midi-Etudiant, describing
the football game which is played
annually between Stanford and
California.
E. L. H. Knoche, '99, who is tak
ing a special course in botany and
mineralogy at the University of
Montpellier, France, is the author
of an article in the student paper
there, Le Midi-Etudiant, describing
the football game which is played
annually between Stanford and
California.
E. L. H. Knoche, '99, who is tak
ing a special course in botany and
mineralogy at the University of
Montpellier, France, is the author
of an article in the student paper
there, Le Midi-Etudiant, describing
the football game which is played
annually between Stanford and
California.
E. L. H. Knoche, '99, who is tak
ing a special course in botany and
mineralogy at the University of
Montpellier, France, is the author
of an article in the student paper
there, Le Midi-Etudiant, describing
the football game which is played
annually between Stanford and
California.
E. L. H. Knoche, '99, who is tak
ing a special course in botany and
mineralogy at the University of
Montpellier, France, is the author
of an article in the student paper
there, Le Midi-Etudiant, describing
the football game which is played
annually between Stanford and
California.
E. L. H. Knoche, '99, who is tak
ing a special course in botany and
mineralogy at the University of
Montpellier, France, is the author
of an article in the student paper
there, Le Midi-Etudiant, describing
the football game which is played
annually between Stanford and
California.
E. L. H. Knoche, '99, who is tak
ing a special course in botany and
mineralogy at the University of
Montpellier, France, is the author
of an article in the student paper
there, Le Midi-Etudiant, describing
the football game which is played
annually between Stanford and
California.
E. L. H. Knoche, '99, who is tak
ing a special course in botany and
mineralogy at the University of
Montpellier, France, is the author
of an article in the student paper
there, Le Midi-Etudiant, describing
the football game which is played
annually between Stanford and
California.
