# Inn Will Be Open.
## 
### 
The Inn will be open during the
Christmaß holidays. Special ac
commodations will be made for
those desiring to board there dur
ing the vacation. Those who an
ticipate boarding there during the
holidays are asked to inform the
management before college closes.
The Inn will be open during the
Christmaß holidays. Special ac
commodations will be made for
those desiring to board there dur
ing the vacation. Those who an
ticipate boarding there during the
holidays are asked to inform the
management before college closes.
The Inn will be open during the
Christmaß holidays. Special ac
commodations will be made for
those desiring to board there dur
ing the vacation. Those who an
ticipate boarding there during the
holidays are asked to inform the
management before college closes.
The Inn will be open during the
Christmaß holidays. Special ac
commodations will be made for
those desiring to board there dur
ing the vacation. Those who an
ticipate boarding there during the
holidays are asked to inform the
management before college closes.
The Inn will be open during the
Christmaß holidays. Special ac
commodations will be made for
those desiring to board there dur
ing the vacation. Those who an
ticipate boarding there during the
holidays are asked to inform the
management before college closes.
The Inn will be open during the
Christmaß holidays. Special ac
commodations will be made for
those desiring to board there dur
ing the vacation. Those who an
ticipate boarding there during the
holidays are asked to inform the
management before college closes.
The Inn will be open during the
Christmaß holidays. Special ac
commodations will be made for
those desiring to board there dur
ing the vacation. Those who an
ticipate boarding there during the
holidays are asked to inform the
management before college closes.
The Inn will be open during the
Christmaß holidays. Special ac
commodations will be made for
those desiring to board there dur
ing the vacation. Those who an
ticipate boarding there during the
holidays are asked to inform the
management before college closes.
The Inn will be open during the
Christmaß holidays. Special ac
commodations will be made for
those desiring to board there dur
ing the vacation. Those who an
ticipate boarding there during the
holidays are asked to inform the
management before college closes.
