# Adv. 23 Page 7
## 
### 
ill sneak preview
Cwory
u. OfU
Sponsored by the Stanford Womens
Film Series. Soon to be shown
nationally.
PI hrr- memoria l
auC |jt or j um
DhTOmonday augs
TIMO 7 : 3opm.
Join in a thought provoking panel
discussion with film director Kaye
Dyal, writer/actress Ellen Geer,
Kris Samuelson of Stanfords film
department, Wendy Martin of the
Stanford English Department, and
Lois Henneberg of Palo Altos Com
munity Vocational Center, plus
others.
BRING h FRI€ND
ill sneak preview
Cwory
u. OfU
Sponsored by the Stanford Womens
Film Series. Soon to be shown
nationally.
PI hrr- memoria l
auC |jt or j um
DhTOmonday augs
TIMO 7 : 3opm.
Join in a thought provoking panel
discussion with film director Kaye
Dyal, writer/actress Ellen Geer,
Kris Samuelson of Stanfords film
department, Wendy Martin of the
Stanford English Department, and
Lois Henneberg of Palo Altos Com
munity Vocational Center, plus
others.
BRING h FRI€ND
ill sneak preview
Cwory
u. OfU
Sponsored by the Stanford Womens
Film Series. Soon to be shown
nationally.
PI hrr- memoria l
auC |jt or j um
DhTOmonday augs
TIMO 7 : 3opm.
Join in a thought provoking panel
discussion with film director Kaye
Dyal, writer/actress Ellen Geer,
Kris Samuelson of Stanfords film
department, Wendy Martin of the
Stanford English Department, and
Lois Henneberg of Palo Altos Com
munity Vocational Center, plus
others.
BRING h FRI€ND
ill sneak preview
Cwory
u. OfU
Sponsored by the Stanford Womens
Film Series. Soon to be shown
nationally.
PI hrr- memoria l
auC |jt or j um
DhTOmonday augs
TIMO 7 : 3opm.
Join in a thought provoking panel
discussion with film director Kaye
Dyal, writer/actress Ellen Geer,
Kris Samuelson of Stanfords film
department, Wendy Martin of the
Stanford English Department, and
Lois Henneberg of Palo Altos Com
munity Vocational Center, plus
others.
BRING h FRI€ND
ill sneak preview
Cwory
u. OfU
Sponsored by the Stanford Womens
Film Series. Soon to be shown
nationally.
PI hrr- memoria l
auC |jt or j um
DhTOmonday augs
TIMO 7 : 3opm.
Join in a thought provoking panel
discussion with film director Kaye
Dyal, writer/actress Ellen Geer,
Kris Samuelson of Stanfords film
department, Wendy Martin of the
Stanford English Department, and
Lois Henneberg of Palo Altos Com
munity Vocational Center, plus
others.
BRING h FRI€ND
ill sneak preview
Cwory
u. OfU
Sponsored by the Stanford Womens
Film Series. Soon to be shown
nationally.
PI hrr- memoria l
auC |jt or j um
DhTOmonday augs
TIMO 7 : 3opm.
Join in a thought provoking panel
discussion with film director Kaye
Dyal, writer/actress Ellen Geer,
Kris Samuelson of Stanfords film
department, Wendy Martin of the
Stanford English Department, and
Lois Henneberg of Palo Altos Com
munity Vocational Center, plus
others.
BRING h FRI€ND
ill sneak preview
Cwory
u. OfU
Sponsored by the Stanford Womens
Film Series. Soon to be shown
nationally.
PI hrr- memoria l
auC |jt or j um
DhTOmonday augs
TIMO 7 : 3opm.
Join in a thought provoking panel
discussion with film director Kaye
Dyal, writer/actress Ellen Geer,
Kris Samuelson of Stanfords film
department, Wendy Martin of the
Stanford English Department, and
Lois Henneberg of Palo Altos Com
munity Vocational Center, plus
others.
BRING h FRI€ND
ill sneak preview
Cwory
u. OfU
Sponsored by the Stanford Womens
Film Series. Soon to be shown
nationally.
PI hrr- memoria l
auC |jt or j um
DhTOmonday augs
TIMO 7 : 3opm.
Join in a thought provoking panel
discussion with film director Kaye
Dyal, writer/actress Ellen Geer,
Kris Samuelson of Stanfords film
department, Wendy Martin of the
Stanford English Department, and
Lois Henneberg of Palo Altos Com
munity Vocational Center, plus
others.
BRING h FRI€ND
ill sneak preview
Cwory
u. OfU
Sponsored by the Stanford Womens
Film Series. Soon to be shown
nationally.
PI hrr- memoria l
auC |jt or j um
DhTOmonday augs
TIMO 7 : 3opm.
Join in a thought provoking panel
discussion with film director Kaye
Dyal, writer/actress Ellen Geer,
Kris Samuelson of Stanfords film
department, Wendy Martin of the
Stanford English Department, and
Lois Henneberg of Palo Altos Com
munity Vocational Center, plus
others.
BRING h FRI€ND
ill sneak preview
Cwory
u. OfU
Sponsored by the Stanford Womens
Film Series. Soon to be shown
nationally.
PI hrr- memoria l
auC |jt or j um
DhTOmonday augs
TIMO 7 : 3opm.
Join in a thought provoking panel
discussion with film director Kaye
Dyal, writer/actress Ellen Geer,
Kris Samuelson of Stanfords film
department, Wendy Martin of the
Stanford English Department, and
Lois Henneberg of Palo Altos Com
munity Vocational Center, plus
others.
BRING h FRI€ND
ill sneak preview
Cwory
u. OfU
Sponsored by the Stanford Womens
Film Series. Soon to be shown
nationally.
PI hrr- memoria l
auC |jt or j um
DhTOmonday augs
TIMO 7 : 3opm.
Join in a thought provoking panel
discussion with film director Kaye
Dyal, writer/actress Ellen Geer,
Kris Samuelson of Stanfords film
department, Wendy Martin of the
Stanford English Department, and
Lois Henneberg of Palo Altos Com
munity Vocational Center, plus
others.
BRING h FRI€ND
ill sneak preview
Cwory
u. OfU
Sponsored by the Stanford Womens
Film Series. Soon to be shown
nationally.
PI hrr- memoria l
auC |jt or j um
DhTOmonday augs
TIMO 7 : 3opm.
Join in a thought provoking panel
discussion with film director Kaye
Dyal, writer/actress Ellen Geer,
Kris Samuelson of Stanfords film
department, Wendy Martin of the
Stanford English Department, and
Lois Henneberg of Palo Altos Com
munity Vocational Center, plus
others.
BRING h FRI€ND
ill sneak preview
Cwory
u. OfU
Sponsored by the Stanford Womens
Film Series. Soon to be shown
nationally.
PI hrr- memoria l
auC |jt or j um
DhTOmonday augs
TIMO 7 : 3opm.
Join in a thought provoking panel
discussion with film director Kaye
Dyal, writer/actress Ellen Geer,
Kris Samuelson of Stanfords film
department, Wendy Martin of the
Stanford English Department, and
Lois Henneberg of Palo Altos Com
munity Vocational Center, plus
others.
BRING h FRI€ND
ill sneak preview
Cwory
u. OfU
Sponsored by the Stanford Womens
Film Series. Soon to be shown
nationally.
PI hrr- memoria l
auC |jt or j um
DhTOmonday augs
TIMO 7 : 3opm.
Join in a thought provoking panel
discussion with film director Kaye
Dyal, writer/actress Ellen Geer,
Kris Samuelson of Stanfords film
department, Wendy Martin of the
Stanford English Department, and
Lois Henneberg of Palo Altos Com
munity Vocational Center, plus
others.
BRING h FRI€ND
