# Loss to Alpha Delt House Fixed at $1900
## 
### 
Insurance agents have definitely
placed the damage of the fire which
destroyed the upper floor of the Alpha
Delta Phi house Thursday morning at
$1900. Repairs will not be begun im
mediately but it is understood that
several improvements will be made in
the building. The lower floors which
were badly damaged by water are be
ing used as temporary quarters for
some of the men of the fraternity
while the rest are living elsewhere on
the campus until repairs are com
pleted.
Insurance agents have definitely
placed the damage of the fire which
destroyed the upper floor of the Alpha
Delta Phi house Thursday morning at
$1900. Repairs will not be begun im
mediately but it is understood that
several improvements will be made in
the building. The lower floors which
were badly damaged by water are be
ing used as temporary quarters for
some of the men of the fraternity
while the rest are living elsewhere on
the campus until repairs are com
pleted.
Insurance agents have definitely
placed the damage of the fire which
destroyed the upper floor of the Alpha
Delta Phi house Thursday morning at
$1900. Repairs will not be begun im
mediately but it is understood that
several improvements will be made in
the building. The lower floors which
were badly damaged by water are be
ing used as temporary quarters for
some of the men of the fraternity
while the rest are living elsewhere on
the campus until repairs are com
pleted.
Insurance agents have definitely
placed the damage of the fire which
destroyed the upper floor of the Alpha
Delta Phi house Thursday morning at
$1900. Repairs will not be begun im
mediately but it is understood that
several improvements will be made in
the building. The lower floors which
were badly damaged by water are be
ing used as temporary quarters for
some of the men of the fraternity
while the rest are living elsewhere on
the campus until repairs are com
pleted.
Insurance agents have definitely
placed the damage of the fire which
destroyed the upper floor of the Alpha
Delta Phi house Thursday morning at
$1900. Repairs will not be begun im
mediately but it is understood that
several improvements will be made in
the building. The lower floors which
were badly damaged by water are be
ing used as temporary quarters for
some of the men of the fraternity
while the rest are living elsewhere on
the campus until repairs are com
pleted.
Insurance agents have definitely
placed the damage of the fire which
destroyed the upper floor of the Alpha
Delta Phi house Thursday morning at
$1900. Repairs will not be begun im
mediately but it is understood that
several improvements will be made in
the building. The lower floors which
were badly damaged by water are be
ing used as temporary quarters for
some of the men of the fraternity
while the rest are living elsewhere on
the campus until repairs are com
pleted.
Insurance agents have definitely
placed the damage of the fire which
destroyed the upper floor of the Alpha
Delta Phi house Thursday morning at
$1900. Repairs will not be begun im
mediately but it is understood that
several improvements will be made in
the building. The lower floors which
were badly damaged by water are be
ing used as temporary quarters for
some of the men of the fraternity
while the rest are living elsewhere on
the campus until repairs are com
pleted.
Insurance agents have definitely
placed the damage of the fire which
destroyed the upper floor of the Alpha
Delta Phi house Thursday morning at
$1900. Repairs will not be begun im
mediately but it is understood that
several improvements will be made in
the building. The lower floors which
were badly damaged by water are be
ing used as temporary quarters for
some of the men of the fraternity
while the rest are living elsewhere on
the campus until repairs are com
pleted.
Insurance agents have definitely
placed the damage of the fire which
destroyed the upper floor of the Alpha
Delta Phi house Thursday morning at
$1900. Repairs will not be begun im
mediately but it is understood that
several improvements will be made in
the building. The lower floors which
were badly damaged by water are be
ing used as temporary quarters for
some of the men of the fraternity
while the rest are living elsewhere on
the campus until repairs are com
pleted.
Insurance agents have definitely
placed the damage of the fire which
destroyed the upper floor of the Alpha
Delta Phi house Thursday morning at
$1900. Repairs will not be begun im
mediately but it is understood that
several improvements will be made in
the building. The lower floors which
were badly damaged by water are be
ing used as temporary quarters for
some of the men of the fraternity
while the rest are living elsewhere on
the campus until repairs are com
pleted.
Insurance agents have definitely
placed the damage of the fire which
destroyed the upper floor of the Alpha
Delta Phi house Thursday morning at
$1900. Repairs will not be begun im
mediately but it is understood that
several improvements will be made in
the building. The lower floors which
were badly damaged by water are be
ing used as temporary quarters for
some of the men of the fraternity
while the rest are living elsewhere on
the campus until repairs are com
pleted.
Insurance agents have definitely
placed the damage of the fire which
destroyed the upper floor of the Alpha
Delta Phi house Thursday morning at
$1900. Repairs will not be begun im
mediately but it is understood that
several improvements will be made in
the building. The lower floors which
were badly damaged by water are be
ing used as temporary quarters for
some of the men of the fraternity
while the rest are living elsewhere on
the campus until repairs are com
pleted.
