# STEREOPTICON TALK GIVEN BY ADVERTISER
## 
### 
Stercopticon views showing the proc
esses of making paper from rags, feat
ured the lecture delivered by George
Norton on "Paper, Ink, and Engraving,"
to Mr. Stamford's class in advertising
this morning.
Mr. Norton is connected with the Zel
lerbach Paper Co., of San Francisco.
He used slides of photographs taken of
their plant during the course of his
lecture.
Stercopticon views showing the proc
esses of making paper from rags, feat
ured the lecture delivered by George
Norton on "Paper, Ink, and Engraving,"
to Mr. Stamford's class in advertising
this morning.
Mr. Norton is connected with the Zel
lerbach Paper Co., of San Francisco.
He used slides of photographs taken of
their plant during the course of his
lecture.
Stercopticon views showing the proc
esses of making paper from rags, feat
ured the lecture delivered by George
Norton on "Paper, Ink, and Engraving,"
to Mr. Stamford's class in advertising
this morning.
Mr. Norton is connected with the Zel
lerbach Paper Co., of San Francisco.
He used slides of photographs taken of
their plant during the course of his
lecture.
Stercopticon views showing the proc
esses of making paper from rags, feat
ured the lecture delivered by George
Norton on "Paper, Ink, and Engraving,"
to Mr. Stamford's class in advertising
this morning.
Mr. Norton is connected with the Zel
lerbach Paper Co., of San Francisco.
He used slides of photographs taken of
their plant during the course of his
lecture.
Stercopticon views showing the proc
esses of making paper from rags, feat
ured the lecture delivered by George
Norton on "Paper, Ink, and Engraving,"
to Mr. Stamford's class in advertising
this morning.
Mr. Norton is connected with the Zel
lerbach Paper Co., of San Francisco.
He used slides of photographs taken of
their plant during the course of his
lecture.
Stercopticon views showing the proc
esses of making paper from rags, feat
ured the lecture delivered by George
Norton on "Paper, Ink, and Engraving,"
to Mr. Stamford's class in advertising
this morning.
Mr. Norton is connected with the Zel
lerbach Paper Co., of San Francisco.
He used slides of photographs taken of
their plant during the course of his
lecture.
Stercopticon views showing the proc
esses of making paper from rags, feat
ured the lecture delivered by George
Norton on "Paper, Ink, and Engraving,"
to Mr. Stamford's class in advertising
this morning.
Mr. Norton is connected with the Zel
lerbach Paper Co., of San Francisco.
He used slides of photographs taken of
their plant during the course of his
lecture.
Stercopticon views showing the proc
esses of making paper from rags, feat
ured the lecture delivered by George
Norton on "Paper, Ink, and Engraving,"
to Mr. Stamford's class in advertising
this morning.
Mr. Norton is connected with the Zel
lerbach Paper Co., of San Francisco.
He used slides of photographs taken of
their plant during the course of his
lecture.
Stercopticon views showing the proc
esses of making paper from rags, feat
ured the lecture delivered by George
Norton on "Paper, Ink, and Engraving,"
to Mr. Stamford's class in advertising
this morning.
Mr. Norton is connected with the Zel
lerbach Paper Co., of San Francisco.
He used slides of photographs taken of
their plant during the course of his
lecture.
Stercopticon views showing the proc
esses of making paper from rags, feat
ured the lecture delivered by George
Norton on "Paper, Ink, and Engraving,"
to Mr. Stamford's class in advertising
this morning.
Mr. Norton is connected with the Zel
lerbach Paper Co., of San Francisco.
He used slides of photographs taken of
their plant during the course of his
lecture.
Stercopticon views showing the proc
esses of making paper from rags, feat
ured the lecture delivered by George
Norton on "Paper, Ink, and Engraving,"
to Mr. Stamford's class in advertising
this morning.
Mr. Norton is connected with the Zel
lerbach Paper Co., of San Francisco.
He used slides of photographs taken of
their plant during the course of his
lecture.
Stercopticon views showing the proc
esses of making paper from rags, feat
ured the lecture delivered by George
Norton on "Paper, Ink, and Engraving,"
to Mr. Stamford's class in advertising
this morning.
Mr. Norton is connected with the Zel
lerbach Paper Co., of San Francisco.
He used slides of photographs taken of
their plant during the course of his
lecture.
