# SOLDIERS PROTEST MOVING HOSPITAL
## 
### 
Endorsed by Fremont Post, No. 52,
American Legion, the patients of the
United States Public Health Service
Base Hospital, Friday night, sent
caustic protests to the United States
senators from California, against the
proposed removal of the Hospital from
Menlo Park. The Menlo Park Improve
ment Association recently revived the
movement to have the Hospital re
moved, characterizing it as a menace
to public health.
After a stormy meeting held in the
Red Cross Room of the Hospital, in
which the "Un-American plutocrats of
Menlo Park were challenged to fight
the wounded veterans, golf-sticks
against soldiers' canes and crutches,"
the resolutions protesting the removal
were presented by Sergeant Dwight
Robinson, and passed with cheering.
