# CORRECTION
## 
### 
Lathrop House announced the
engagement of Betty Rahn to
Brooks Tates, a Kappa Sigma, in
stead of to Brooks Pates as was
originally printed.
Lathrop House announced the
engagement of Betty Rahn to
Brooks Tates, a Kappa Sigma, in
stead of to Brooks Pates as was
originally printed.
Lathrop House announced the
engagement of Betty Rahn to
Brooks Tates, a Kappa Sigma, in
stead of to Brooks Pates as was
originally printed.
Lathrop House announced the
engagement of Betty Rahn to
Brooks Tates, a Kappa Sigma, in
stead of to Brooks Pates as was
originally printed.
Lathrop House announced the
engagement of Betty Rahn to
Brooks Tates, a Kappa Sigma, in
stead of to Brooks Pates as was
originally printed.
Lathrop House announced the
engagement of Betty Rahn to
Brooks Tates, a Kappa Sigma, in
stead of to Brooks Pates as was
originally printed.
Lathrop House announced the
engagement of Betty Rahn to
Brooks Tates, a Kappa Sigma, in
stead of to Brooks Pates as was
originally printed.
Lathrop House announced the
engagement of Betty Rahn to
Brooks Tates, a Kappa Sigma, in
stead of to Brooks Pates as was
originally printed.
Lathrop House announced the
engagement of Betty Rahn to
Brooks Tates, a Kappa Sigma, in
stead of to Brooks Pates as was
originally printed.
Lathrop House announced the
engagement of Betty Rahn to
Brooks Tates, a Kappa Sigma, in
stead of to Brooks Pates as was
originally printed.
Lathrop House announced the
engagement of Betty Rahn to
Brooks Tates, a Kappa Sigma, in
stead of to Brooks Pates as was
originally printed.
Lathrop House announced the
engagement of Betty Rahn to
Brooks Tates, a Kappa Sigma, in
stead of to Brooks Pates as was
originally printed.
Lathrop House announced the
engagement of Betty Rahn to
Brooks Tates, a Kappa Sigma, in
stead of to Brooks Pates as was
originally printed.
Lathrop House announced the
engagement of Betty Rahn to
Brooks Tates, a Kappa Sigma, in
stead of to Brooks Pates as was
originally printed.
