# Murals
## 
### 
Final signups for spring quarter
murals will end Monday at noon.
Coach Chuck Taylor, director ol
Stanford's all - campus intramural
program, emphasized this point at
the initial managers' meeting last
night.
Siynup sheets are posted in the
Men's Gym near the Proctor's Of
fice. All members of eacli entering
team must be listed on official blue
cards which may be picked up at
Coach Taylor's office.
Competition in volleyball, soil
ball, horseshoes, handball, tennis,
and golf will begin next Wednes
day. Later on in the quarter, pre
liminary trials in swimming and
track will be held. There will be a
linal meet in each ol tthese two
sports.
Rules for all sports and points
awarded for each competition are
included in the Intramural Hand
book, whiqh is also available at the
SAC Building.
