# New Raid Disclosed
## 
### 
TAIPEI, Formosa — A new Na
tionalist amphibious raid only 20
miles from Red Shanghai whs dis
closed today by the Chinese Nation
alist headquarters.
It said the raiders stormed ashore
near Nanhwei, 20 miles southeast of
Shanghai, on Macrh .'5O, destroyed
200 Communist junks and captured
14, along with guns, grenades, and
other booty. It said a good number
of Reds were killed.
TAIPEI, Formosa — A new Na
tionalist amphibious raid only 20
miles from Red Shanghai whs dis
closed today by the Chinese Nation
alist headquarters.
It said the raiders stormed ashore
near Nanhwei, 20 miles southeast of
Shanghai, on Macrh .'5O, destroyed
200 Communist junks and captured
14, along with guns, grenades, and
other booty. It said a good number
of Reds were killed.
TAIPEI, Formosa — A new Na
tionalist amphibious raid only 20
miles from Red Shanghai whs dis
closed today by the Chinese Nation
alist headquarters.
It said the raiders stormed ashore
near Nanhwei, 20 miles southeast of
Shanghai, on Macrh .'5O, destroyed
200 Communist junks and captured
14, along with guns, grenades, and
other booty. It said a good number
of Reds were killed.
TAIPEI, Formosa — A new Na
tionalist amphibious raid only 20
miles from Red Shanghai whs dis
closed today by the Chinese Nation
alist headquarters.
It said the raiders stormed ashore
near Nanhwei, 20 miles southeast of
Shanghai, on Macrh .'5O, destroyed
200 Communist junks and captured
14, along with guns, grenades, and
other booty. It said a good number
of Reds were killed.
TAIPEI, Formosa — A new Na
tionalist amphibious raid only 20
miles from Red Shanghai whs dis
closed today by the Chinese Nation
alist headquarters.
It said the raiders stormed ashore
near Nanhwei, 20 miles southeast of
Shanghai, on Macrh .'5O, destroyed
200 Communist junks and captured
14, along with guns, grenades, and
other booty. It said a good number
of Reds were killed.
TAIPEI, Formosa — A new Na
tionalist amphibious raid only 20
miles from Red Shanghai whs dis
closed today by the Chinese Nation
alist headquarters.
It said the raiders stormed ashore
near Nanhwei, 20 miles southeast of
Shanghai, on Macrh .'5O, destroyed
200 Communist junks and captured
14, along with guns, grenades, and
other booty. It said a good number
of Reds were killed.
TAIPEI, Formosa — A new Na
tionalist amphibious raid only 20
miles from Red Shanghai whs dis
closed today by the Chinese Nation
alist headquarters.
It said the raiders stormed ashore
near Nanhwei, 20 miles southeast of
Shanghai, on Macrh .'5O, destroyed
200 Communist junks and captured
14, along with guns, grenades, and
other booty. It said a good number
of Reds were killed.
TAIPEI, Formosa — A new Na
tionalist amphibious raid only 20
miles from Red Shanghai whs dis
closed today by the Chinese Nation
alist headquarters.
It said the raiders stormed ashore
near Nanhwei, 20 miles southeast of
Shanghai, on Macrh .'5O, destroyed
200 Communist junks and captured
14, along with guns, grenades, and
other booty. It said a good number
of Reds were killed.
TAIPEI, Formosa — A new Na
tionalist amphibious raid only 20
miles from Red Shanghai whs dis
closed today by the Chinese Nation
alist headquarters.
It said the raiders stormed ashore
near Nanhwei, 20 miles southeast of
Shanghai, on Macrh .'5O, destroyed
200 Communist junks and captured
14, along with guns, grenades, and
other booty. It said a good number
of Reds were killed.
TAIPEI, Formosa — A new Na
tionalist amphibious raid only 20
miles from Red Shanghai whs dis
closed today by the Chinese Nation
alist headquarters.
It said the raiders stormed ashore
near Nanhwei, 20 miles southeast of
Shanghai, on Macrh .'5O, destroyed
200 Communist junks and captured
14, along with guns, grenades, and
other booty. It said a good number
of Reds were killed.
TAIPEI, Formosa — A new Na
tionalist amphibious raid only 20
miles from Red Shanghai whs dis
closed today by the Chinese Nation
alist headquarters.
It said the raiders stormed ashore
near Nanhwei, 20 miles southeast of
Shanghai, on Macrh .'5O, destroyed
200 Communist junks and captured
14, along with guns, grenades, and
other booty. It said a good number
of Reds were killed.
TAIPEI, Formosa — A new Na
tionalist amphibious raid only 20
miles from Red Shanghai whs dis
closed today by the Chinese Nation
alist headquarters.
It said the raiders stormed ashore
near Nanhwei, 20 miles southeast of
Shanghai, on Macrh .'5O, destroyed
200 Communist junks and captured
14, along with guns, grenades, and
other booty. It said a good number
of Reds were killed.
TAIPEI, Formosa — A new Na
tionalist amphibious raid only 20
miles from Red Shanghai whs dis
closed today by the Chinese Nation
alist headquarters.
It said the raiders stormed ashore
near Nanhwei, 20 miles southeast of
Shanghai, on Macrh .'5O, destroyed
200 Communist junks and captured
14, along with guns, grenades, and
other booty. It said a good number
of Reds were killed.
TAIPEI, Formosa — A new Na
tionalist amphibious raid only 20
miles from Red Shanghai whs dis
closed today by the Chinese Nation
alist headquarters.
It said the raiders stormed ashore
near Nanhwei, 20 miles southeast of
Shanghai, on Macrh .'5O, destroyed
200 Communist junks and captured
14, along with guns, grenades, and
other booty. It said a good number
of Reds were killed.
