# FACE SENATE INQUIRY
## 
### 

Arthur Cultcn (right), Chicago grain and stock trader, is shown with
Albert H. Wiggin, retired New York banker, as they appeared in Wash- i
ington at the Senate inquiry into stock market practices. (A.P. Photo)

Arthur Cultcn (right), Chicago grain and stock trader, is shown with
Albert H. Wiggin, retired New York banker, as they appeared in Wash- i
ington at the Senate inquiry into stock market practices. (A.P. Photo)

Arthur Cultcn (right), Chicago grain and stock trader, is shown with
Albert H. Wiggin, retired New York banker, as they appeared in Wash- i
ington at the Senate inquiry into stock market practices. (A.P. Photo)

Arthur Cultcn (right), Chicago grain and stock trader, is shown with
Albert H. Wiggin, retired New York banker, as they appeared in Wash- i
ington at the Senate inquiry into stock market practices. (A.P. Photo)

Arthur Cultcn (right), Chicago grain and stock trader, is shown with
Albert H. Wiggin, retired New York banker, as they appeared in Wash- i
ington at the Senate inquiry into stock market practices. (A.P. Photo)

Arthur Cultcn (right), Chicago grain and stock trader, is shown with
Albert H. Wiggin, retired New York banker, as they appeared in Wash- i
ington at the Senate inquiry into stock market practices. (A.P. Photo)

Arthur Cultcn (right), Chicago grain and stock trader, is shown with
Albert H. Wiggin, retired New York banker, as they appeared in Wash- i
ington at the Senate inquiry into stock market practices. (A.P. Photo)

Arthur Cultcn (right), Chicago grain and stock trader, is shown with
Albert H. Wiggin, retired New York banker, as they appeared in Wash- i
ington at the Senate inquiry into stock market practices. (A.P. Photo)

Arthur Cultcn (right), Chicago grain and stock trader, is shown with
Albert H. Wiggin, retired New York banker, as they appeared in Wash- i
ington at the Senate inquiry into stock market practices. (A.P. Photo)

Arthur Cultcn (right), Chicago grain and stock trader, is shown with
Albert H. Wiggin, retired New York banker, as they appeared in Wash- i
ington at the Senate inquiry into stock market practices. (A.P. Photo)

Arthur Cultcn (right), Chicago grain and stock trader, is shown with
Albert H. Wiggin, retired New York banker, as they appeared in Wash- i
ington at the Senate inquiry into stock market practices. (A.P. Photo)

Arthur Cultcn (right), Chicago grain and stock trader, is shown with
Albert H. Wiggin, retired New York banker, as they appeared in Wash- i
ington at the Senate inquiry into stock market practices. (A.P. Photo)

Arthur Cultcn (right), Chicago grain and stock trader, is shown with
Albert H. Wiggin, retired New York banker, as they appeared in Wash- i
ington at the Senate inquiry into stock market practices. (A.P. Photo)

Arthur Cultcn (right), Chicago grain and stock trader, is shown with
Albert H. Wiggin, retired New York banker, as they appeared in Wash- i
ington at the Senate inquiry into stock market practices. (A.P. Photo)

Arthur Cultcn (right), Chicago grain and stock trader, is shown with
Albert H. Wiggin, retired New York banker, as they appeared in Wash- i
ington at the Senate inquiry into stock market practices. (A.P. Photo)
