# Frosh Tennis Matches Begin
## 
### 
Yearling tennis players are going
into the third round of their first
tournament, with results running
close to form.
Ranking the frosh for next quar
ter's practice matches is the main
purpose of the tourney, and thus far
it has brought out some excellent
play, assuring Coach Bugge a record
team.
Four Babes who have reached the
"round of eight" are Ben Dey, Billy
Seward, Bob Pommel', and Edwin
Janss. Significant is the fact that
every one is a junior player of note
from his section of the state, Dey
and Seward from the south, while
Janss and Pommel' are among the
first ranking juniors in Northern
California.
Yearling tennis players are going
into the third round of their first
tournament, with results running
close to form.
Ranking the frosh for next quar
ter's practice matches is the main
purpose of the tourney, and thus far
it has brought out some excellent
play, assuring Coach Bugge a record
team.
Four Babes who have reached the
"round of eight" are Ben Dey, Billy
Seward, Bob Pommel', and Edwin
Janss. Significant is the fact that
every one is a junior player of note
from his section of the state, Dey
and Seward from the south, while
Janss and Pommel' are among the
first ranking juniors in Northern
California.
Yearling tennis players are going
into the third round of their first
tournament, with results running
close to form.
Ranking the frosh for next quar
ter's practice matches is the main
purpose of the tourney, and thus far
it has brought out some excellent
play, assuring Coach Bugge a record
team.
Four Babes who have reached the
"round of eight" are Ben Dey, Billy
Seward, Bob Pommel', and Edwin
Janss. Significant is the fact that
every one is a junior player of note
from his section of the state, Dey
and Seward from the south, while
Janss and Pommel' are among the
first ranking juniors in Northern
California.
Yearling tennis players are going
into the third round of their first
tournament, with results running
close to form.
Ranking the frosh for next quar
ter's practice matches is the main
purpose of the tourney, and thus far
it has brought out some excellent
play, assuring Coach Bugge a record
team.
Four Babes who have reached the
"round of eight" are Ben Dey, Billy
Seward, Bob Pommel', and Edwin
Janss. Significant is the fact that
every one is a junior player of note
from his section of the state, Dey
and Seward from the south, while
Janss and Pommel' are among the
first ranking juniors in Northern
California.
Yearling tennis players are going
into the third round of their first
tournament, with results running
close to form.
Ranking the frosh for next quar
ter's practice matches is the main
purpose of the tourney, and thus far
it has brought out some excellent
play, assuring Coach Bugge a record
team.
Four Babes who have reached the
"round of eight" are Ben Dey, Billy
Seward, Bob Pommel', and Edwin
Janss. Significant is the fact that
every one is a junior player of note
from his section of the state, Dey
and Seward from the south, while
Janss and Pommel' are among the
first ranking juniors in Northern
California.
Yearling tennis players are going
into the third round of their first
tournament, with results running
close to form.
Ranking the frosh for next quar
ter's practice matches is the main
purpose of the tourney, and thus far
it has brought out some excellent
play, assuring Coach Bugge a record
team.
Four Babes who have reached the
"round of eight" are Ben Dey, Billy
Seward, Bob Pommel', and Edwin
Janss. Significant is the fact that
every one is a junior player of note
from his section of the state, Dey
and Seward from the south, while
Janss and Pommel' are among the
first ranking juniors in Northern
California.
Yearling tennis players are going
into the third round of their first
tournament, with results running
close to form.
Ranking the frosh for next quar
ter's practice matches is the main
purpose of the tourney, and thus far
it has brought out some excellent
play, assuring Coach Bugge a record
team.
Four Babes who have reached the
"round of eight" are Ben Dey, Billy
Seward, Bob Pommel', and Edwin
Janss. Significant is the fact that
every one is a junior player of note
from his section of the state, Dey
and Seward from the south, while
Janss and Pommel' are among the
first ranking juniors in Northern
California.
Yearling tennis players are going
into the third round of their first
tournament, with results running
close to form.
Ranking the frosh for next quar
ter's practice matches is the main
purpose of the tourney, and thus far
it has brought out some excellent
play, assuring Coach Bugge a record
team.
Four Babes who have reached the
"round of eight" are Ben Dey, Billy
Seward, Bob Pommel', and Edwin
Janss. Significant is the fact that
every one is a junior player of note
from his section of the state, Dey
and Seward from the south, while
Janss and Pommel' are among the
first ranking juniors in Northern
California.
Yearling tennis players are going
into the third round of their first
tournament, with results running
close to form.
Ranking the frosh for next quar
ter's practice matches is the main
purpose of the tourney, and thus far
it has brought out some excellent
play, assuring Coach Bugge a record
team.
Four Babes who have reached the
"round of eight" are Ben Dey, Billy
Seward, Bob Pommel', and Edwin
Janss. Significant is the fact that
every one is a junior player of note
from his section of the state, Dey
and Seward from the south, while
Janss and Pommel' are among the
first ranking juniors in Northern
California.
Yearling tennis players are going
into the third round of their first
tournament, with results running
close to form.
Ranking the frosh for next quar
ter's practice matches is the main
purpose of the tourney, and thus far
it has brought out some excellent
play, assuring Coach Bugge a record
team.
Four Babes who have reached the
"round of eight" are Ben Dey, Billy
Seward, Bob Pommel', and Edwin
Janss. Significant is the fact that
every one is a junior player of note
from his section of the state, Dey
and Seward from the south, while
Janss and Pommel' are among the
first ranking juniors in Northern
California.
Yearling tennis players are going
into the third round of their first
tournament, with results running
close to form.
Ranking the frosh for next quar
ter's practice matches is the main
purpose of the tourney, and thus far
it has brought out some excellent
play, assuring Coach Bugge a record
team.
Four Babes who have reached the
"round of eight" are Ben Dey, Billy
Seward, Bob Pommel', and Edwin
Janss. Significant is the fact that
every one is a junior player of note
from his section of the state, Dey
and Seward from the south, while
Janss and Pommel' are among the
first ranking juniors in Northern
California.
Yearling tennis players are going
into the third round of their first
tournament, with results running
close to form.
Ranking the frosh for next quar
ter's practice matches is the main
purpose of the tourney, and thus far
it has brought out some excellent
play, assuring Coach Bugge a record
team.
Four Babes who have reached the
"round of eight" are Ben Dey, Billy
Seward, Bob Pommel', and Edwin
Janss. Significant is the fact that
every one is a junior player of note
from his section of the state, Dey
and Seward from the south, while
Janss and Pommel' are among the
first ranking juniors in Northern
California.
Yearling tennis players are going
into the third round of their first
tournament, with results running
close to form.
Ranking the frosh for next quar
ter's practice matches is the main
purpose of the tourney, and thus far
it has brought out some excellent
play, assuring Coach Bugge a record
team.
Four Babes who have reached the
"round of eight" are Ben Dey, Billy
Seward, Bob Pommel', and Edwin
Janss. Significant is the fact that
every one is a junior player of note
from his section of the state, Dey
and Seward from the south, while
Janss and Pommel' are among the
first ranking juniors in Northern
California.
Yearling tennis players are going
into the third round of their first
tournament, with results running
close to form.
Ranking the frosh for next quar
ter's practice matches is the main
purpose of the tourney, and thus far
it has brought out some excellent
play, assuring Coach Bugge a record
team.
Four Babes who have reached the
"round of eight" are Ben Dey, Billy
Seward, Bob Pommel', and Edwin
Janss. Significant is the fact that
every one is a junior player of note
from his section of the state, Dey
and Seward from the south, while
Janss and Pommel' are among the
first ranking juniors in Northern
California.
Yearling tennis players are going
into the third round of their first
tournament, with results running
close to form.
Ranking the frosh for next quar
ter's practice matches is the main
purpose of the tourney, and thus far
it has brought out some excellent
play, assuring Coach Bugge a record
team.
Four Babes who have reached the
"round of eight" are Ben Dey, Billy
Seward, Bob Pommel', and Edwin
Janss. Significant is the fact that
every one is a junior player of note
from his section of the state, Dey
and Seward from the south, while
Janss and Pommel' are among the
first ranking juniors in Northern
California.
