# Sellout Seen For Big Game
## Sell 2004 Rooter Ducats; Friday Stunt Deadline 
### 
A complete sell-out of rooters'
tickets yesterday, with prospects of
a complete stadium sell-out for a
week from Saturday s Big Game, led
Rally Committeemen to predict the
best organized rooting in Big Game
history. With 2,004 seated in root
ers' seats, plus over 100 band mem
bers, Stanford's section should pre
sent a colorful display, say Rally
men.
A rooters' section twice the size
of last Saturday will present half
time card stunts, with both men's
and women's sections participating.
White shirts and regulation rooters'
caps for men, and white dresses and
pom-poms for coeds will be the re
quired costume. Official red-and
v/hite rooters' hats must be pur
chased before game time in Palo
Alto; the pom-pom sale will be an
nounced later.
Friday noon is the deadline for
entries in the stuni; and skit con
lests. Will Eisner, 212 Toyon, and
Marvie Kahn, 125 Encina, arc in
charge of receiving entries.
