# Frosh Water Poloists Swamp Mt. View 16-3
## 
### 
Stanford freshman water poloists
swamped Mountain View 16-3 yes
terday.
Second stringers played the entire
first half, and were outplayed dur
ing that time, ending with even
score, 3-3. First scyaad men then
went in to score 10 goals in four
minutes, and once again Nort
Thornton sent the subs in. Subs
scored three more.
Ben Voss scored six to high point;
Hoover, 5; Hardy, ■?; Jewett, 1.
Stanford freshman water poloists
swamped Mountain View 16-3 yes
terday.
Second stringers played the entire
first half, and were outplayed dur
ing that time, ending with even
score, 3-3. First scyaad men then
went in to score 10 goals in four
minutes, and once again Nort
Thornton sent the subs in. Subs
scored three more.
Ben Voss scored six to high point;
Hoover, 5; Hardy, ■?; Jewett, 1.
Stanford freshman water poloists
swamped Mountain View 16-3 yes
terday.
Second stringers played the entire
first half, and were outplayed dur
ing that time, ending with even
score, 3-3. First scyaad men then
went in to score 10 goals in four
minutes, and once again Nort
Thornton sent the subs in. Subs
scored three more.
Ben Voss scored six to high point;
Hoover, 5; Hardy, ■?; Jewett, 1.
Stanford freshman water poloists
swamped Mountain View 16-3 yes
terday.
Second stringers played the entire
first half, and were outplayed dur
ing that time, ending with even
score, 3-3. First scyaad men then
went in to score 10 goals in four
minutes, and once again Nort
Thornton sent the subs in. Subs
scored three more.
Ben Voss scored six to high point;
Hoover, 5; Hardy, ■?; Jewett, 1.
Stanford freshman water poloists
swamped Mountain View 16-3 yes
terday.
Second stringers played the entire
first half, and were outplayed dur
ing that time, ending with even
score, 3-3. First scyaad men then
went in to score 10 goals in four
minutes, and once again Nort
Thornton sent the subs in. Subs
scored three more.
Ben Voss scored six to high point;
Hoover, 5; Hardy, ■?; Jewett, 1.
Stanford freshman water poloists
swamped Mountain View 16-3 yes
terday.
Second stringers played the entire
first half, and were outplayed dur
ing that time, ending with even
score, 3-3. First scyaad men then
went in to score 10 goals in four
minutes, and once again Nort
Thornton sent the subs in. Subs
scored three more.
Ben Voss scored six to high point;
Hoover, 5; Hardy, ■?; Jewett, 1.
Stanford freshman water poloists
swamped Mountain View 16-3 yes
terday.
Second stringers played the entire
first half, and were outplayed dur
ing that time, ending with even
score, 3-3. First scyaad men then
went in to score 10 goals in four
minutes, and once again Nort
Thornton sent the subs in. Subs
scored three more.
Ben Voss scored six to high point;
Hoover, 5; Hardy, ■?; Jewett, 1.
Stanford freshman water poloists
swamped Mountain View 16-3 yes
terday.
Second stringers played the entire
first half, and were outplayed dur
ing that time, ending with even
score, 3-3. First scyaad men then
went in to score 10 goals in four
minutes, and once again Nort
Thornton sent the subs in. Subs
scored three more.
Ben Voss scored six to high point;
Hoover, 5; Hardy, ■?; Jewett, 1.
Stanford freshman water poloists
swamped Mountain View 16-3 yes
terday.
Second stringers played the entire
first half, and were outplayed dur
ing that time, ending with even
score, 3-3. First scyaad men then
went in to score 10 goals in four
minutes, and once again Nort
Thornton sent the subs in. Subs
scored three more.
Ben Voss scored six to high point;
Hoover, 5; Hardy, ■?; Jewett, 1.
Stanford freshman water poloists
swamped Mountain View 16-3 yes
terday.
Second stringers played the entire
first half, and were outplayed dur
ing that time, ending with even
score, 3-3. First scyaad men then
went in to score 10 goals in four
minutes, and once again Nort
Thornton sent the subs in. Subs
scored three more.
Ben Voss scored six to high point;
Hoover, 5; Hardy, ■?; Jewett, 1.
Stanford freshman water poloists
swamped Mountain View 16-3 yes
terday.
Second stringers played the entire
first half, and were outplayed dur
ing that time, ending with even
score, 3-3. First scyaad men then
went in to score 10 goals in four
minutes, and once again Nort
Thornton sent the subs in. Subs
scored three more.
Ben Voss scored six to high point;
Hoover, 5; Hardy, ■?; Jewett, 1.
Stanford freshman water poloists
swamped Mountain View 16-3 yes
terday.
Second stringers played the entire
first half, and were outplayed dur
ing that time, ending with even
score, 3-3. First scyaad men then
went in to score 10 goals in four
minutes, and once again Nort
Thornton sent the subs in. Subs
scored three more.
Ben Voss scored six to high point;
Hoover, 5; Hardy, ■?; Jewett, 1.
Stanford freshman water poloists
swamped Mountain View 16-3 yes
terday.
Second stringers played the entire
first half, and were outplayed dur
ing that time, ending with even
score, 3-3. First scyaad men then
went in to score 10 goals in four
minutes, and once again Nort
Thornton sent the subs in. Subs
scored three more.
Ben Voss scored six to high point;
Hoover, 5; Hardy, ■?; Jewett, 1.
Stanford freshman water poloists
swamped Mountain View 16-3 yes
terday.
Second stringers played the entire
first half, and were outplayed dur
ing that time, ending with even
score, 3-3. First scyaad men then
went in to score 10 goals in four
minutes, and once again Nort
Thornton sent the subs in. Subs
scored three more.
Ben Voss scored six to high point;
Hoover, 5; Hardy, ■?; Jewett, 1.
Stanford freshman water poloists
swamped Mountain View 16-3 yes
terday.
Second stringers played the entire
first half, and were outplayed dur
ing that time, ending with even
score, 3-3. First scyaad men then
went in to score 10 goals in four
minutes, and once again Nort
Thornton sent the subs in. Subs
scored three more.
Ben Voss scored six to high point;
Hoover, 5; Hardy, ■?; Jewett, 1.
