# NEW DIGEST from The Associated Press
## Woodin Steps Down 
### 
To better handle the nation's fi
nances through 'he stormy clays
ahead, a major executive -stepped
down, a "Brain-Truster" .stepped up.
"Wee Willie" Woodin's leave of ab
sence was accepted by F.R., close
friend Henry Morganthau, Jr., will
be Secretary of the Treasury Satur
day. Making room i'or the change,
young, capable De an Acheso n
stepped aside, work highly praised
by the President.
Observers interpret these moves
a.s indicating a rift between F.R. and
Woodin. The latter is a sound money
man, strongly opposes inflation, has
been slightly tainted by famous
"Morgan favorites" scandal. Agi'i
• cultural expert Morganthau, long
time Rooseveltian neighbor, is a
close associate of Professor George
"Rubber Dollar" Warren, author of
present gold-buying, price-upping
campaign.
Inevitable interpretation: inflation
is ahead. Neighbor Morganthau will
be neighborly, support commodity
dollar.
To better handle the nation's fi
nances through 'he stormy clays
ahead, a major executive -stepped
down, a "Brain-Truster" .stepped up.
"Wee Willie" Woodin's leave of ab
sence was accepted by F.R., close
friend Henry Morganthau, Jr., will
be Secretary of the Treasury Satur
day. Making room i'or the change,
young, capable De an Acheso n
stepped aside, work highly praised
by the President.
Observers interpret these moves
a.s indicating a rift between F.R. and
Woodin. The latter is a sound money
man, strongly opposes inflation, has
been slightly tainted by famous
"Morgan favorites" scandal. Agi'i
• cultural expert Morganthau, long
time Rooseveltian neighbor, is a
close associate of Professor George
"Rubber Dollar" Warren, author of
present gold-buying, price-upping
campaign.
Inevitable interpretation: inflation
is ahead. Neighbor Morganthau will
be neighborly, support commodity
dollar.
To better handle the nation's fi
nances through 'he stormy clays
ahead, a major executive -stepped
down, a "Brain-Truster" .stepped up.
"Wee Willie" Woodin's leave of ab
sence was accepted by F.R., close
friend Henry Morganthau, Jr., will
be Secretary of the Treasury Satur
day. Making room i'or the change,
young, capable De an Acheso n
stepped aside, work highly praised
by the President.
Observers interpret these moves
a.s indicating a rift between F.R. and
Woodin. The latter is a sound money
man, strongly opposes inflation, has
been slightly tainted by famous
"Morgan favorites" scandal. Agi'i
• cultural expert Morganthau, long
time Rooseveltian neighbor, is a
close associate of Professor George
"Rubber Dollar" Warren, author of
present gold-buying, price-upping
campaign.
Inevitable interpretation: inflation
is ahead. Neighbor Morganthau will
be neighborly, support commodity
dollar.
To better handle the nation's fi
nances through 'he stormy clays
ahead, a major executive -stepped
down, a "Brain-Truster" .stepped up.
"Wee Willie" Woodin's leave of ab
sence was accepted by F.R., close
friend Henry Morganthau, Jr., will
be Secretary of the Treasury Satur
day. Making room i'or the change,
young, capable De an Acheso n
stepped aside, work highly praised
by the President.
Observers interpret these moves
a.s indicating a rift between F.R. and
Woodin. The latter is a sound money
man, strongly opposes inflation, has
been slightly tainted by famous
"Morgan favorites" scandal. Agi'i
• cultural expert Morganthau, long
time Rooseveltian neighbor, is a
close associate of Professor George
"Rubber Dollar" Warren, author of
present gold-buying, price-upping
campaign.
Inevitable interpretation: inflation
is ahead. Neighbor Morganthau will
be neighborly, support commodity
dollar.
To better handle the nation's fi
nances through 'he stormy clays
ahead, a major executive -stepped
down, a "Brain-Truster" .stepped up.
"Wee Willie" Woodin's leave of ab
sence was accepted by F.R., close
friend Henry Morganthau, Jr., will
be Secretary of the Treasury Satur
day. Making room i'or the change,
young, capable De an Acheso n
stepped aside, work highly praised
by the President.
Observers interpret these moves
a.s indicating a rift between F.R. and
Woodin. The latter is a sound money
man, strongly opposes inflation, has
been slightly tainted by famous
"Morgan favorites" scandal. Agi'i
• cultural expert Morganthau, long
time Rooseveltian neighbor, is a
close associate of Professor George
"Rubber Dollar" Warren, author of
present gold-buying, price-upping
campaign.
Inevitable interpretation: inflation
is ahead. Neighbor Morganthau will
be neighborly, support commodity
dollar.
To better handle the nation's fi
nances through 'he stormy clays
ahead, a major executive -stepped
down, a "Brain-Truster" .stepped up.
"Wee Willie" Woodin's leave of ab
sence was accepted by F.R., close
friend Henry Morganthau, Jr., will
be Secretary of the Treasury Satur
day. Making room i'or the change,
young, capable De an Acheso n
stepped aside, work highly praised
by the President.
Observers interpret these moves
a.s indicating a rift between F.R. and
Woodin. The latter is a sound money
man, strongly opposes inflation, has
been slightly tainted by famous
"Morgan favorites" scandal. Agi'i
• cultural expert Morganthau, long
time Rooseveltian neighbor, is a
close associate of Professor George
"Rubber Dollar" Warren, author of
present gold-buying, price-upping
campaign.
Inevitable interpretation: inflation
is ahead. Neighbor Morganthau will
be neighborly, support commodity
dollar.
To better handle the nation's fi
nances through 'he stormy clays
ahead, a major executive -stepped
down, a "Brain-Truster" .stepped up.
"Wee Willie" Woodin's leave of ab
sence was accepted by F.R., close
friend Henry Morganthau, Jr., will
be Secretary of the Treasury Satur
day. Making room i'or the change,
young, capable De an Acheso n
stepped aside, work highly praised
by the President.
Observers interpret these moves
a.s indicating a rift between F.R. and
Woodin. The latter is a sound money
man, strongly opposes inflation, has
been slightly tainted by famous
"Morgan favorites" scandal. Agi'i
• cultural expert Morganthau, long
time Rooseveltian neighbor, is a
close associate of Professor George
"Rubber Dollar" Warren, author of
present gold-buying, price-upping
campaign.
Inevitable interpretation: inflation
is ahead. Neighbor Morganthau will
be neighborly, support commodity
dollar.
To better handle the nation's fi
nances through 'he stormy clays
ahead, a major executive -stepped
down, a "Brain-Truster" .stepped up.
"Wee Willie" Woodin's leave of ab
sence was accepted by F.R., close
friend Henry Morganthau, Jr., will
be Secretary of the Treasury Satur
day. Making room i'or the change,
young, capable De an Acheso n
stepped aside, work highly praised
by the President.
Observers interpret these moves
a.s indicating a rift between F.R. and
Woodin. The latter is a sound money
man, strongly opposes inflation, has
been slightly tainted by famous
"Morgan favorites" scandal. Agi'i
• cultural expert Morganthau, long
time Rooseveltian neighbor, is a
close associate of Professor George
"Rubber Dollar" Warren, author of
present gold-buying, price-upping
campaign.
Inevitable interpretation: inflation
is ahead. Neighbor Morganthau will
be neighborly, support commodity
dollar.
To better handle the nation's fi
nances through 'he stormy clays
ahead, a major executive -stepped
down, a "Brain-Truster" .stepped up.
"Wee Willie" Woodin's leave of ab
sence was accepted by F.R., close
friend Henry Morganthau, Jr., will
be Secretary of the Treasury Satur
day. Making room i'or the change,
young, capable De an Acheso n
stepped aside, work highly praised
by the President.
Observers interpret these moves
a.s indicating a rift between F.R. and
Woodin. The latter is a sound money
man, strongly opposes inflation, has
been slightly tainted by famous
"Morgan favorites" scandal. Agi'i
• cultural expert Morganthau, long
time Rooseveltian neighbor, is a
close associate of Professor George
"Rubber Dollar" Warren, author of
present gold-buying, price-upping
campaign.
Inevitable interpretation: inflation
is ahead. Neighbor Morganthau will
be neighborly, support commodity
dollar.
To better handle the nation's fi
nances through 'he stormy clays
ahead, a major executive -stepped
down, a "Brain-Truster" .stepped up.
"Wee Willie" Woodin's leave of ab
sence was accepted by F.R., close
friend Henry Morganthau, Jr., will
be Secretary of the Treasury Satur
day. Making room i'or the change,
young, capable De an Acheso n
stepped aside, work highly praised
by the President.
Observers interpret these moves
a.s indicating a rift between F.R. and
Woodin. The latter is a sound money
man, strongly opposes inflation, has
been slightly tainted by famous
"Morgan favorites" scandal. Agi'i
• cultural expert Morganthau, long
time Rooseveltian neighbor, is a
close associate of Professor George
"Rubber Dollar" Warren, author of
present gold-buying, price-upping
campaign.
Inevitable interpretation: inflation
is ahead. Neighbor Morganthau will
be neighborly, support commodity
dollar.
To better handle the nation's fi
nances through 'he stormy clays
ahead, a major executive -stepped
down, a "Brain-Truster" .stepped up.
"Wee Willie" Woodin's leave of ab
sence was accepted by F.R., close
friend Henry Morganthau, Jr., will
be Secretary of the Treasury Satur
day. Making room i'or the change,
young, capable De an Acheso n
stepped aside, work highly praised
by the President.
Observers interpret these moves
a.s indicating a rift between F.R. and
Woodin. The latter is a sound money
man, strongly opposes inflation, has
been slightly tainted by famous
"Morgan favorites" scandal. Agi'i
• cultural expert Morganthau, long
time Rooseveltian neighbor, is a
close associate of Professor George
"Rubber Dollar" Warren, author of
present gold-buying, price-upping
campaign.
Inevitable interpretation: inflation
is ahead. Neighbor Morganthau will
be neighborly, support commodity
dollar.
To better handle the nation's fi
nances through 'he stormy clays
ahead, a major executive -stepped
down, a "Brain-Truster" .stepped up.
"Wee Willie" Woodin's leave of ab
sence was accepted by F.R., close
friend Henry Morganthau, Jr., will
be Secretary of the Treasury Satur
day. Making room i'or the change,
young, capable De an Acheso n
stepped aside, work highly praised
by the President.
Observers interpret these moves
a.s indicating a rift between F.R. and
Woodin. The latter is a sound money
man, strongly opposes inflation, has
been slightly tainted by famous
"Morgan favorites" scandal. Agi'i
• cultural expert Morganthau, long
time Rooseveltian neighbor, is a
close associate of Professor George
"Rubber Dollar" Warren, author of
present gold-buying, price-upping
campaign.
Inevitable interpretation: inflation
is ahead. Neighbor Morganthau will
be neighborly, support commodity
dollar.
To better handle the nation's fi
nances through 'he stormy clays
ahead, a major executive -stepped
down, a "Brain-Truster" .stepped up.
"Wee Willie" Woodin's leave of ab
sence was accepted by F.R., close
friend Henry Morganthau, Jr., will
be Secretary of the Treasury Satur
day. Making room i'or the change,
young, capable De an Acheso n
stepped aside, work highly praised
by the President.
Observers interpret these moves
a.s indicating a rift between F.R. and
Woodin. The latter is a sound money
man, strongly opposes inflation, has
been slightly tainted by famous
"Morgan favorites" scandal. Agi'i
• cultural expert Morganthau, long
time Rooseveltian neighbor, is a
close associate of Professor George
"Rubber Dollar" Warren, author of
present gold-buying, price-upping
campaign.
Inevitable interpretation: inflation
is ahead. Neighbor Morganthau will
be neighborly, support commodity
dollar.
To better handle the nation's fi
nances through 'he stormy clays
ahead, a major executive -stepped
down, a "Brain-Truster" .stepped up.
"Wee Willie" Woodin's leave of ab
sence was accepted by F.R., close
friend Henry Morganthau, Jr., will
be Secretary of the Treasury Satur
day. Making room i'or the change,
young, capable De an Acheso n
stepped aside, work highly praised
by the President.
Observers interpret these moves
a.s indicating a rift between F.R. and
Woodin. The latter is a sound money
man, strongly opposes inflation, has
been slightly tainted by famous
"Morgan favorites" scandal. Agi'i
• cultural expert Morganthau, long
time Rooseveltian neighbor, is a
close associate of Professor George
"Rubber Dollar" Warren, author of
present gold-buying, price-upping
campaign.
Inevitable interpretation: inflation
is ahead. Neighbor Morganthau will
be neighborly, support commodity
dollar.
To better handle the nation's fi
nances through 'he stormy clays
ahead, a major executive -stepped
down, a "Brain-Truster" .stepped up.
"Wee Willie" Woodin's leave of ab
sence was accepted by F.R., close
friend Henry Morganthau, Jr., will
be Secretary of the Treasury Satur
day. Making room i'or the change,
young, capable De an Acheso n
stepped aside, work highly praised
by the President.
Observers interpret these moves
a.s indicating a rift between F.R. and
Woodin. The latter is a sound money
man, strongly opposes inflation, has
been slightly tainted by famous
"Morgan favorites" scandal. Agi'i
• cultural expert Morganthau, long
time Rooseveltian neighbor, is a
close associate of Professor George
"Rubber Dollar" Warren, author of
present gold-buying, price-upping
campaign.
Inevitable interpretation: inflation
is ahead. Neighbor Morganthau will
be neighborly, support commodity
dollar.
