# REGULARS EXCUSED
## 
### 
All varsity and freshman soc
cer men except those who yes
terday humbled the Don are
expected at practice this after
noon at 4:1 so'clock. The vic
tors will be excused: Knecht,
Gomez, Heart), Kennedy, Dod
dington, White, Moore, Gon
zales, Johnson. Strouse, King,
Newman, Hitchcock, and Eme
rick.
All varsity and freshman soc
cer men except those who yes
terday humbled the Don are
expected at practice this after
noon at 4:1 so'clock. The vic
tors will be excused: Knecht,
Gomez, Heart), Kennedy, Dod
dington, White, Moore, Gon
zales, Johnson. Strouse, King,
Newman, Hitchcock, and Eme
rick.
All varsity and freshman soc
cer men except those who yes
terday humbled the Don are
expected at practice this after
noon at 4:1 so'clock. The vic
tors will be excused: Knecht,
Gomez, Heart), Kennedy, Dod
dington, White, Moore, Gon
zales, Johnson. Strouse, King,
Newman, Hitchcock, and Eme
rick.
All varsity and freshman soc
cer men except those who yes
terday humbled the Don are
expected at practice this after
noon at 4:1 so'clock. The vic
tors will be excused: Knecht,
Gomez, Heart), Kennedy, Dod
dington, White, Moore, Gon
zales, Johnson. Strouse, King,
Newman, Hitchcock, and Eme
rick.
All varsity and freshman soc
cer men except those who yes
terday humbled the Don are
expected at practice this after
noon at 4:1 so'clock. The vic
tors will be excused: Knecht,
Gomez, Heart), Kennedy, Dod
dington, White, Moore, Gon
zales, Johnson. Strouse, King,
Newman, Hitchcock, and Eme
rick.
All varsity and freshman soc
cer men except those who yes
terday humbled the Don are
expected at practice this after
noon at 4:1 so'clock. The vic
tors will be excused: Knecht,
Gomez, Heart), Kennedy, Dod
dington, White, Moore, Gon
zales, Johnson. Strouse, King,
Newman, Hitchcock, and Eme
rick.
All varsity and freshman soc
cer men except those who yes
terday humbled the Don are
expected at practice this after
noon at 4:1 so'clock. The vic
tors will be excused: Knecht,
Gomez, Heart), Kennedy, Dod
dington, White, Moore, Gon
zales, Johnson. Strouse, King,
Newman, Hitchcock, and Eme
rick.
All varsity and freshman soc
cer men except those who yes
terday humbled the Don are
expected at practice this after
noon at 4:1 so'clock. The vic
tors will be excused: Knecht,
Gomez, Heart), Kennedy, Dod
dington, White, Moore, Gon
zales, Johnson. Strouse, King,
Newman, Hitchcock, and Eme
rick.
All varsity and freshman soc
cer men except those who yes
terday humbled the Don are
expected at practice this after
noon at 4:1 so'clock. The vic
tors will be excused: Knecht,
Gomez, Heart), Kennedy, Dod
dington, White, Moore, Gon
zales, Johnson. Strouse, King,
Newman, Hitchcock, and Eme
rick.
All varsity and freshman soc
cer men except those who yes
terday humbled the Don are
expected at practice this after
noon at 4:1 so'clock. The vic
tors will be excused: Knecht,
Gomez, Heart), Kennedy, Dod
dington, White, Moore, Gon
zales, Johnson. Strouse, King,
Newman, Hitchcock, and Eme
rick.
All varsity and freshman soc
cer men except those who yes
terday humbled the Don are
expected at practice this after
noon at 4:1 so'clock. The vic
tors will be excused: Knecht,
Gomez, Heart), Kennedy, Dod
dington, White, Moore, Gon
zales, Johnson. Strouse, King,
Newman, Hitchcock, and Eme
rick.
All varsity and freshman soc
cer men except those who yes
terday humbled the Don are
expected at practice this after
noon at 4:1 so'clock. The vic
tors will be excused: Knecht,
Gomez, Heart), Kennedy, Dod
dington, White, Moore, Gon
zales, Johnson. Strouse, King,
Newman, Hitchcock, and Eme
rick.
All varsity and freshman soc
cer men except those who yes
terday humbled the Don are
expected at practice this after
noon at 4:1 so'clock. The vic
tors will be excused: Knecht,
Gomez, Heart), Kennedy, Dod
dington, White, Moore, Gon
zales, Johnson. Strouse, King,
Newman, Hitchcock, and Eme
rick.
All varsity and freshman soc
cer men except those who yes
terday humbled the Don are
expected at practice this after
noon at 4:1 so'clock. The vic
tors will be excused: Knecht,
Gomez, Heart), Kennedy, Dod
dington, White, Moore, Gon
zales, Johnson. Strouse, King,
Newman, Hitchcock, and Eme
rick.
All varsity and freshman soc
cer men except those who yes
terday humbled the Don are
expected at practice this after
noon at 4:1 so'clock. The vic
tors will be excused: Knecht,
Gomez, Heart), Kennedy, Dod
dington, White, Moore, Gon
zales, Johnson. Strouse, King,
Newman, Hitchcock, and Eme
rick.
