# Sallyâ€”Her Troubles
## 
### 
Fan dancer Sally Rand arrived in
'Frisco town yesterday, was greeted
by Rolph-like Mayor Rossi. Grown
famous (or infamous) since she was
a Wampus baby star, Sally explained
her troubles thus: "For 20 years I
did my dancing dressed. I got no
where. I doffed my pants, got fa
mous, g9t a movie contract. Now I
can't put them back on. It seems ;
my public likes me au natural."
Fan dancer Sally Rand arrived in
'Frisco town yesterday, was greeted
by Rolph-like Mayor Rossi. Grown
famous (or infamous) since she was
a Wampus baby star, Sally explained
her troubles thus: "For 20 years I
did my dancing dressed. I got no
where. I doffed my pants, got fa
mous, g9t a movie contract. Now I
can't put them back on. It seems ;
my public likes me au natural."
Fan dancer Sally Rand arrived in
'Frisco town yesterday, was greeted
by Rolph-like Mayor Rossi. Grown
famous (or infamous) since she was
a Wampus baby star, Sally explained
her troubles thus: "For 20 years I
did my dancing dressed. I got no
where. I doffed my pants, got fa
mous, g9t a movie contract. Now I
can't put them back on. It seems ;
my public likes me au natural."
Fan dancer Sally Rand arrived in
'Frisco town yesterday, was greeted
by Rolph-like Mayor Rossi. Grown
famous (or infamous) since she was
a Wampus baby star, Sally explained
her troubles thus: "For 20 years I
did my dancing dressed. I got no
where. I doffed my pants, got fa
mous, g9t a movie contract. Now I
can't put them back on. It seems ;
my public likes me au natural."
Fan dancer Sally Rand arrived in
'Frisco town yesterday, was greeted
by Rolph-like Mayor Rossi. Grown
famous (or infamous) since she was
a Wampus baby star, Sally explained
her troubles thus: "For 20 years I
did my dancing dressed. I got no
where. I doffed my pants, got fa
mous, g9t a movie contract. Now I
can't put them back on. It seems ;
my public likes me au natural."
Fan dancer Sally Rand arrived in
'Frisco town yesterday, was greeted
by Rolph-like Mayor Rossi. Grown
famous (or infamous) since she was
a Wampus baby star, Sally explained
her troubles thus: "For 20 years I
did my dancing dressed. I got no
where. I doffed my pants, got fa
mous, g9t a movie contract. Now I
can't put them back on. It seems ;
my public likes me au natural."
Fan dancer Sally Rand arrived in
'Frisco town yesterday, was greeted
by Rolph-like Mayor Rossi. Grown
famous (or infamous) since she was
a Wampus baby star, Sally explained
her troubles thus: "For 20 years I
did my dancing dressed. I got no
where. I doffed my pants, got fa
mous, g9t a movie contract. Now I
can't put them back on. It seems ;
my public likes me au natural."
Fan dancer Sally Rand arrived in
'Frisco town yesterday, was greeted
by Rolph-like Mayor Rossi. Grown
famous (or infamous) since she was
a Wampus baby star, Sally explained
her troubles thus: "For 20 years I
did my dancing dressed. I got no
where. I doffed my pants, got fa
mous, g9t a movie contract. Now I
can't put them back on. It seems ;
my public likes me au natural."
Fan dancer Sally Rand arrived in
'Frisco town yesterday, was greeted
by Rolph-like Mayor Rossi. Grown
famous (or infamous) since she was
a Wampus baby star, Sally explained
her troubles thus: "For 20 years I
did my dancing dressed. I got no
where. I doffed my pants, got fa
mous, g9t a movie contract. Now I
can't put them back on. It seems ;
my public likes me au natural."
Fan dancer Sally Rand arrived in
'Frisco town yesterday, was greeted
by Rolph-like Mayor Rossi. Grown
famous (or infamous) since she was
a Wampus baby star, Sally explained
her troubles thus: "For 20 years I
did my dancing dressed. I got no
where. I doffed my pants, got fa
mous, g9t a movie contract. Now I
can't put them back on. It seems ;
my public likes me au natural."
Fan dancer Sally Rand arrived in
'Frisco town yesterday, was greeted
by Rolph-like Mayor Rossi. Grown
famous (or infamous) since she was
a Wampus baby star, Sally explained
her troubles thus: "For 20 years I
did my dancing dressed. I got no
where. I doffed my pants, got fa
mous, g9t a movie contract. Now I
can't put them back on. It seems ;
my public likes me au natural."
Fan dancer Sally Rand arrived in
'Frisco town yesterday, was greeted
by Rolph-like Mayor Rossi. Grown
famous (or infamous) since she was
Fan dancer Sally Rand arrived in
'Frisco town yesterday, was greeted
by Rolph-like Mayor Rossi. Grown
famous (or infamous) since she was
a Wampus baby star, Sally explained
her troubles thus: "For 20 years I
did my dancing dressed. I got no
where. I doffed my pants, got fa
mous, g9t a movie contract. Now I
can't put them back on. It seems ;
my public likes me au natural."
a Wampus baby star, Sally explained
her troubles thus: "For 20 years I
did my dancing dressed. I got no
where. I doffed my pants, got fa
mous, g9t a movie contract. Now I
can't put them back on. It seems ;
my public likes me au natural."
Fan dancer Sally Rand arrived in
'Frisco town yesterday, was greeted
by Rolph-like Mayor Rossi. Grown
famous (or infamous) since she was
a Wampus baby star, Sally explained
her troubles thus: "For 20 years I
did my dancing dressed. I got no
where. I doffed my pants, got fa
mous, g9t a movie contract. Now I
can't put them back on. It seems ;
my public likes me au natural."
Fan dancer Sally Rand arrived in
'Frisco town yesterday, was greeted
by Rolph-like Mayor Rossi. Grown
famous (or infamous) since she was
a Wampus baby star, Sally explained
her troubles thus: "For 20 years I
did my dancing dressed. I got no
where. I doffed my pants, got fa
mous, g9t a movie contract. Now I
can't put them back on. It seems ;
my public likes me au natural."
