# STANFORD ENDS WINNING STREAK OF TROJANS
## 
### 

Two field goals by Bill Corbus in the last period gave Stanford a 13 to 7 football victory over South
ern California in Los Angeles. It was the Trojan's first defeat in 28 games. The top photo shows Corbus
(at left) kicking his second field goal from a difficult angle on the 13 yard line. Ford Palmer, Trojan
end, can be seen trying to block the ball. Lower: Corbus, Stanford guard, stopping Griffith, Southern
California quarter. Hamilton (29), Stanford half, coming into the ptay. (Associated Press Photos)

Two field goals by Bill Corbus in the last period gave Stanford a 13 to 7 football victory over South
ern California in Los Angeles. It was the Trojan's first defeat in 28 games. The top photo shows Corbus
(at left) kicking his second field goal from a difficult angle on the 13 yard line. Ford Palmer, Trojan
end, can be seen trying to block the ball. Lower: Corbus, Stanford guard, stopping Griffith, Southern
California quarter. Hamilton (29), Stanford half, coming into the ptay. (Associated Press Photos)

Two field goals by Bill Corbus in the last period gave Stanford a 13 to 7 football victory over South
ern California in Los Angeles. It was the Trojan's first defeat in 28 games. The top photo shows Corbus
(at left) kicking his second field goal from a difficult angle on the 13 yard line. Ford Palmer, Trojan
end, can be seen trying to block the ball. Lower: Corbus, Stanford guard, stopping Griffith, Southern
California quarter. Hamilton (29), Stanford half, coming into the ptay. (Associated Press Photos)

Two field goals by Bill Corbus in the last period gave Stanford a 13 to 7 football victory over South
ern California in Los Angeles. It was the Trojan's first defeat in 28 games. The top photo shows Corbus
(at left) kicking his second field goal from a difficult angle on the 13 yard line. Ford Palmer, Trojan
end, can be seen trying to block the ball. Lower: Corbus, Stanford guard, stopping Griffith, Southern
California quarter. Hamilton (29), Stanford half, coming into the ptay. (Associated Press Photos)

Two field goals by Bill Corbus in the last period gave Stanford a 13 to 7 football victory over South
ern California in Los Angeles. It was the Trojan's first defeat in 28 games. The top photo shows Corbus
(at left) kicking his second field goal from a difficult angle on the 13 yard line. Ford Palmer, Trojan
end, can be seen trying to block the ball. Lower: Corbus, Stanford guard, stopping Griffith, Southern
California quarter. Hamilton (29), Stanford half, coming into the ptay. (Associated Press Photos)

Two field goals by Bill Corbus in the last period gave Stanford a 13 to 7 football victory over South
ern California in Los Angeles. It was the Trojan's first defeat in 28 games. The top photo shows Corbus
(at left) kicking his second field goal from a difficult angle on the 13 yard line. Ford Palmer, Trojan
end, can be seen trying to block the ball. Lower: Corbus, Stanford guard, stopping Griffith, Southern
California quarter. Hamilton (29), Stanford half, coming into the ptay. (Associated Press Photos)

Two field goals by Bill Corbus in the last period gave Stanford a 13 to 7 football victory over South
ern California in Los Angeles. It was the Trojan's first defeat in 28 games. The top photo shows Corbus
(at left) kicking his second field goal from a difficult angle on the 13 yard line. Ford Palmer, Trojan
end, can be seen trying to block the ball. Lower: Corbus, Stanford guard, stopping Griffith, Southern
California quarter. Hamilton (29), Stanford half, coming into the ptay. (Associated Press Photos)

Two field goals by Bill Corbus in the last period gave Stanford a 13 to 7 football victory over South
ern California in Los Angeles. It was the Trojan's first defeat in 28 games. The top photo shows Corbus
(at left) kicking his second field goal from a difficult angle on the 13 yard line. Ford Palmer, Trojan
end, can be seen trying to block the ball. Lower: Corbus, Stanford guard, stopping Griffith, Southern
California quarter. Hamilton (29), Stanford half, coming into the ptay. (Associated Press Photos)

Two field goals by Bill Corbus in the last period gave Stanford a 13 to 7 football victory over South
ern California in Los Angeles. It was the Trojan's first defeat in 28 games. The top photo shows Corbus
(at left) kicking his second field goal from a difficult angle on the 13 yard line. Ford Palmer, Trojan
end, can be seen trying to block the ball. Lower: Corbus, Stanford guard, stopping Griffith, Southern
California quarter. Hamilton (29), Stanford half, coming into the ptay. (Associated Press Photos)

Two field goals by Bill Corbus in the last period gave Stanford a 13 to 7 football victory over South
ern California in Los Angeles. It was the Trojan's first defeat in 28 games. The top photo shows Corbus
(at left) kicking his second field goal from a difficult angle on the 13 yard line. Ford Palmer, Trojan
end, can be seen trying to block the ball. Lower: Corbus, Stanford guard, stopping Griffith, Southern
California quarter. Hamilton (29), Stanford half, coming into the ptay. (Associated Press Photos)

Two field goals by Bill Corbus in the last period gave Stanford a 13 to 7 football victory over South
ern California in Los Angeles. It was the Trojan's first defeat in 28 games. The top photo shows Corbus
(at left) kicking his second field goal from a difficult angle on the 13 yard line. Ford Palmer, Trojan
end, can be seen trying to block the ball. Lower: Corbus, Stanford guard, stopping Griffith, Southern
California quarter. Hamilton (29), Stanford half, coming into the ptay. (Associated Press Photos)

Two field goals by Bill Corbus in the last period gave Stanford a 13 to 7 football victory over South
ern California in Los Angeles. It was the Trojan's first defeat in 28 games. The top photo shows Corbus
(at left) kicking his second field goal from a difficult angle on the 13 yard line. Ford Palmer, Trojan
end, can be seen trying to block the ball. Lower: Corbus, Stanford guard, stopping Griffith, Southern
California quarter. Hamilton (29), Stanford half, coming into the ptay. (Associated Press Photos)

Two field goals by Bill Corbus in the last period gave Stanford a 13 to 7 football victory over South
ern California in Los Angeles. It was the Trojan's first defeat in 28 games. The top photo shows Corbus
(at left) kicking his second field goal from a difficult angle on the 13 yard line. Ford Palmer, Trojan
end, can be seen trying to block the ball. Lower: Corbus, Stanford guard, stopping Griffith, Southern
California quarter. Hamilton (29), Stanford half, coming into the ptay. (Associated Press Photos)

Two field goals by Bill Corbus in the last period gave Stanford a 13 to 7 football victory over South
ern California in Los Angeles. It was the Trojan's first defeat in 28 games. The top photo shows Corbus
(at left) kicking his second field goal from a difficult angle on the 13 yard line. Ford Palmer, Trojan
end, can be seen trying to block the ball. Lower: Corbus, Stanford guard, stopping Griffith, Southern
California quarter. Hamilton (29), Stanford half, coming into the ptay. (Associated Press Photos)

Two field goals by Bill Corbus in the last period gave Stanford a 13 to 7 football victory over South
ern California in Los Angeles. It was the Trojan's first defeat in 28 games. The top photo shows Corbus
(at left) kicking his second field goal from a difficult angle on the 13 yard line. Ford Palmer, Trojan
end, can be seen trying to block the ball. Lower: Corbus, Stanford guard, stopping Griffith, Southern
California quarter. Hamilton (29), Stanford half, coming into the ptay. (Associated Press Photos)
