# Lanz Cites Perils Of Propaganda
## 
### 
'"Propaganda is a cancerous
growth, but it is curable cancer,"
stated Professor Henry Lanz in the
last of the lecture series on the
"Philosophy of Propaganda."
Speaking on the "Metaphysics of
Propaganda," Professor Lanz em
phasized the point that propaganda
tends not only to change the view
point of the masses who receive it,
but also backfires on the propa
gandists themselves, and acts to dis
tort and change their aims.
"Propaganda is a matter of inter
ests involved. Truth and convictions
are the only weapons against inter
ests. Today truth is ethically un
scrupulous science; conviction is sen
timental pussyfooting religion," con
cluded Professor Lanz. "Pure truth
and conviction lie only in philoso
phy, and philosophy is bur only
weapon against propaganda."
'"Propaganda is a cancerous
growth, but it is curable cancer,"
stated Professor Henry Lanz in the
last of the lecture series on the
"Philosophy of Propaganda."
Speaking on the "Metaphysics of
Propaganda," Professor Lanz em
phasized the point that propaganda
tends not only to change the view
point of the masses who receive it,
but also backfires on the propa
gandists themselves, and acts to dis
tort and change their aims.
"Propaganda is a matter of inter
ests involved. Truth and convictions
are the only weapons against inter
ests. Today truth is ethically un
scrupulous science; conviction is sen
timental pussyfooting religion," con
cluded Professor Lanz. "Pure truth
and conviction lie only in philoso
phy, and philosophy is bur only
weapon against propaganda."
'"Propaganda is a cancerous
growth, but it is curable cancer,"
stated Professor Henry Lanz in the
last of the lecture series on the
"Philosophy of Propaganda."
Speaking on the "Metaphysics of
Propaganda," Professor Lanz em
phasized the point that propaganda
tends not only to change the view
point of the masses who receive it,
but also backfires on the propa
gandists themselves, and acts to dis
tort and change their aims.
"Propaganda is a matter of inter
ests involved. Truth and convictions
are the only weapons against inter
ests. Today truth is ethically un
scrupulous science; conviction is sen
timental pussyfooting religion," con
cluded Professor Lanz. "Pure truth
and conviction lie only in philoso
phy, and philosophy is bur only
weapon against propaganda."
'"Propaganda is a cancerous
growth, but it is curable cancer,"
stated Professor Henry Lanz in the
last of the lecture series on the
"Philosophy of Propaganda."
Speaking on the "Metaphysics of
Propaganda," Professor Lanz em
phasized the point that propaganda
tends not only to change the view
point of the masses who receive it,
but also backfires on the propa
gandists themselves, and acts to dis
tort and change their aims.
"Propaganda is a matter of inter
ests involved. Truth and convictions
are the only weapons against inter
ests. Today truth is ethically un
scrupulous science; conviction is sen
timental pussyfooting religion," con
cluded Professor Lanz. "Pure truth
and conviction lie only in philoso
phy, and philosophy is bur only
weapon against propaganda."
'"Propaganda is a cancerous
growth, but it is curable cancer,"
stated Professor Henry Lanz in the
last of the lecture series on the
"Philosophy of Propaganda."
Speaking on the "Metaphysics of
Propaganda," Professor Lanz em
phasized the point that propaganda
tends not only to change the view
point of the masses who receive it,
but also backfires on the propa
gandists themselves, and acts to dis
tort and change their aims.
"Propaganda is a matter of inter
ests involved. Truth and convictions
are the only weapons against inter
ests. Today truth is ethically un
scrupulous science; conviction is sen
timental pussyfooting religion," con
cluded Professor Lanz. "Pure truth
and conviction lie only in philoso
phy, and philosophy is bur only
weapon against propaganda."
'"Propaganda is a cancerous
growth, but it is curable cancer,"
stated Professor Henry Lanz in the
last of the lecture series on the
"Philosophy of Propaganda."
Speaking on the "Metaphysics of
Propaganda," Professor Lanz em
phasized the point that propaganda
tends not only to change the view
point of the masses who receive it,
but also backfires on the propa
gandists themselves, and acts to dis
tort and change their aims.
"Propaganda is a matter of inter
ests involved. Truth and convictions
are the only weapons against inter
ests. Today truth is ethically un
scrupulous science; conviction is sen
timental pussyfooting religion," con
cluded Professor Lanz. "Pure truth
and conviction lie only in philoso
phy, and philosophy is bur only
weapon against propaganda."
'"Propaganda is a cancerous
growth, but it is curable cancer,"
stated Professor Henry Lanz in the
last of the lecture series on the
"Philosophy of Propaganda."
Speaking on the "Metaphysics of
Propaganda," Professor Lanz em
phasized the point that propaganda
tends not only to change the view
point of the masses who receive it,
but also backfires on the propa
gandists themselves, and acts to dis
tort and change their aims.
"Propaganda is a matter of inter
ests involved. Truth and convictions
are the only weapons against inter
ests. Today truth is ethically un
scrupulous science; conviction is sen
timental pussyfooting religion," con
cluded Professor Lanz. "Pure truth
and conviction lie only in philoso
phy, and philosophy is bur only
weapon against propaganda."
'"Propaganda is a cancerous
growth, but it is curable cancer,"
stated Professor Henry Lanz in the
last of the lecture series on the
"Philosophy of Propaganda."
Speaking on the "Metaphysics of
Propaganda," Professor Lanz em
phasized the point that propaganda
tends not only to change the view
point of the masses who receive it,
but also backfires on the propa
gandists themselves, and acts to dis
tort and change their aims.
"Propaganda is a matter of inter
ests involved. Truth and convictions
are the only weapons against inter
ests. Today truth is ethically un
scrupulous science; conviction is sen
timental pussyfooting religion," con
cluded Professor Lanz. "Pure truth
and conviction lie only in philoso
phy, and philosophy is bur only
weapon against propaganda."
'"Propaganda is a cancerous
growth, but it is curable cancer,"
stated Professor Henry Lanz in the
last of the lecture series on the
"Philosophy of Propaganda."
Speaking on the "Metaphysics of
Propaganda," Professor Lanz em
phasized the point that propaganda
tends not only to change the view
point of the masses who receive it,
but also backfires on the propa
gandists themselves, and acts to dis
tort and change their aims.
"Propaganda is a matter of inter
ests involved. Truth and convictions
are the only weapons against inter
ests. Today truth is ethically un
scrupulous science; conviction is sen
timental pussyfooting religion," con
cluded Professor Lanz. "Pure truth
and conviction lie only in philoso
phy, and philosophy is bur only
weapon against propaganda."
'"Propaganda is a cancerous
growth, but it is curable cancer,"
stated Professor Henry Lanz in the
last of the lecture series on the
"Philosophy of Propaganda."
Speaking on the "Metaphysics of
Propaganda," Professor Lanz em
phasized the point that propaganda
tends not only to change the view
point of the masses who receive it,
but also backfires on the propa
gandists themselves, and acts to dis
tort and change their aims.
"Propaganda is a matter of inter
ests involved. Truth and convictions
are the only weapons against inter
ests. Today truth is ethically un
scrupulous science; conviction is sen
timental pussyfooting religion," con
cluded Professor Lanz. "Pure truth
and conviction lie only in philoso
phy, and philosophy is bur only
weapon against propaganda."
'"Propaganda is a cancerous
growth, but it is curable cancer,"
stated Professor Henry Lanz in the
last of the lecture series on the
"Philosophy of Propaganda."
Speaking on the "Metaphysics of
Propaganda," Professor Lanz em
phasized the point that propaganda
tends not only to change the view
point of the masses who receive it,
but also backfires on the propa
gandists themselves, and acts to dis
tort and change their aims.
"Propaganda is a matter of inter
ests involved. Truth and convictions
are the only weapons against inter
ests. Today truth is ethically un
scrupulous science; conviction is sen
timental pussyfooting religion," con
cluded Professor Lanz. "Pure truth
and conviction lie only in philoso
phy, and philosophy is bur only
weapon against propaganda."
'"Propaganda is a cancerous
growth, but it is curable cancer,"
stated Professor Henry Lanz in the
last of the lecture series on the
"Philosophy of Propaganda."
Speaking on the "Metaphysics of
Propaganda," Professor Lanz em
phasized the point that propaganda
tends not only to change the view
point of the masses who receive it,
but also backfires on the propa
gandists themselves, and acts to dis
tort and change their aims.
"Propaganda is a matter of inter
ests involved. Truth and convictions
are the only weapons against inter
ests. Today truth is ethically un
scrupulous science; conviction is sen
timental pussyfooting religion," con
cluded Professor Lanz. "Pure truth
and conviction lie only in philoso
phy, and philosophy is bur only
weapon against propaganda."
'"Propaganda is a cancerous
growth, but it is curable cancer,"
stated Professor Henry Lanz in the
last of the lecture series on the
"Philosophy of Propaganda."
Speaking on the "Metaphysics of
Propaganda," Professor Lanz em
phasized the point that propaganda
tends not only to change the view
point of the masses who receive it,
but also backfires on the propa
gandists themselves, and acts to dis
tort and change their aims.
"Propaganda is a matter of inter
ests involved. Truth and convictions
are the only weapons against inter
ests. Today truth is ethically un
scrupulous science; conviction is sen
timental pussyfooting religion," con
cluded Professor Lanz. "Pure truth
and conviction lie only in philoso
phy, and philosophy is bur only
weapon against propaganda."
'"Propaganda is a cancerous
growth, but it is curable cancer,"
stated Professor Henry Lanz in the
last of the lecture series on the
"Philosophy of Propaganda."
Speaking on the "Metaphysics of
Propaganda," Professor Lanz em
phasized the point that propaganda
tends not only to change the view
point of the masses who receive it,
but also backfires on the propa
gandists themselves, and acts to dis
tort and change their aims.
"Propaganda is a matter of inter
ests involved. Truth and convictions
are the only weapons against inter
ests. Today truth is ethically un
scrupulous science; conviction is sen
timental pussyfooting religion," con
cluded Professor Lanz. "Pure truth
and conviction lie only in philoso
phy, and philosophy is bur only
weapon against propaganda."
'"Propaganda is a cancerous
growth, but it is curable cancer,"
stated Professor Henry Lanz in the
last of the lecture series on the
"Philosophy of Propaganda."
Speaking on the "Metaphysics of
Propaganda," Professor Lanz em
phasized the point that propaganda
tends not only to change the view
point of the masses who receive it,
but also backfires on the propa
gandists themselves, and acts to dis
tort and change their aims.
"Propaganda is a matter of inter
ests involved. Truth and convictions
are the only weapons against inter
ests. Today truth is ethically un
scrupulous science; conviction is sen
timental pussyfooting religion," con
cluded Professor Lanz. "Pure truth
and conviction lie only in philoso
phy, and philosophy is bur only
weapon against propaganda."
'"Propaganda is a cancerous
growth, but it is curable cancer,"
stated Professor Henry Lanz in the
last of the lecture series on the
"Philosophy of Propaganda."
Speaking on the "Metaphysics of
Propaganda," Professor Lanz em
phasized the point that propaganda
tends not only to change the view
point of the masses who receive it,
but also backfires on the propa
gandists themselves, and acts to dis
tort and change their aims.
"Propaganda is a matter of inter
ests involved. Truth and convictions
are the only weapons against inter
ests. Today truth is ethically un
scrupulous science; conviction is sen
timental pussyfooting religion," con
cluded Professor Lanz. "Pure truth
and conviction lie only in philoso
phy, and philosophy is bur only
weapon against propaganda."
