# Spectators to See Dance Program
## 
### 
Berkeley Choreography Group, the
only dance group of its kind on Ihe
Pacific Coast, will present a discus
sion and demonstration of Modern
Dfincc at the Spectator Course to
morrow night at 7:15 o'clock in the
Dance Studio of the Women's Gym.
The group wil present technical
progressions as well as several com
positions which will be analyzed
from an audience point of view.
Berkeley Choreography Group, the
only dance group of its kind on Ihe
Pacific Coast, will present a discus
sion and demonstration of Modern
Dfincc at the Spectator Course to
morrow night at 7:15 o'clock in the
Dance Studio of the Women's Gym.
The group wil present technical
progressions as well as several com
positions which will be analyzed
from an audience point of view.
Berkeley Choreography Group, the
only dance group of its kind on Ihe
Pacific Coast, will present a discus
sion and demonstration of Modern
Dfincc at the Spectator Course to
morrow night at 7:15 o'clock in the
Dance Studio of the Women's Gym.
The group wil present technical
progressions as well as several com
positions which will be analyzed
from an audience point of view.
Berkeley Choreography Group, the
only dance group of its kind on Ihe
Pacific Coast, will present a discus
sion and demonstration of Modern
Dfincc at the Spectator Course to
morrow night at 7:15 o'clock in the
Dance Studio of the Women's Gym.
The group wil present technical
progressions as well as several com
positions which will be analyzed
from an audience point of view.
Berkeley Choreography Group, the
only dance group of its kind on Ihe
Pacific Coast, will present a discus
sion and demonstration of Modern
Dfincc at the Spectator Course to
morrow night at 7:15 o'clock in the
Dance Studio of the Women's Gym.
The group wil present technical
progressions as well as several com
positions which will be analyzed
from an audience point of view.
Berkeley Choreography Group, the
only dance group of its kind on Ihe
Pacific Coast, will present a discus
sion and demonstration of Modern
Dfincc at the Spectator Course to
morrow night at 7:15 o'clock in the
Dance Studio of the Women's Gym.
The group wil present technical
progressions as well as several com
positions which will be analyzed
from an audience point of view.
Berkeley Choreography Group, the
only dance group of its kind on Ihe
Pacific Coast, will present a discus
sion and demonstration of Modern
Dfincc at the Spectator Course to
morrow night at 7:15 o'clock in the
Dance Studio of the Women's Gym.
The group wil present technical
progressions as well as several com
positions which will be analyzed
from an audience point of view.
Berkeley Choreography Group, the
only dance group of its kind on Ihe
Pacific Coast, will present a discus
sion and demonstration of Modern
Dfincc at the Spectator Course to
morrow night at 7:15 o'clock in the
Dance Studio of the Women's Gym.
The group wil present technical
progressions as well as several com
positions which will be analyzed
from an audience point of view.
Berkeley Choreography Group, the
only dance group of its kind on Ihe
Pacific Coast, will present a discus
sion and demonstration of Modern
Dfincc at the Spectator Course to
morrow night at 7:15 o'clock in the
Dance Studio of the Women's Gym.
The group wil present technical
progressions as well as several com
positions which will be analyzed
from an audience point of view.
Berkeley Choreography Group, the
only dance group of its kind on Ihe
Pacific Coast, will present a discus
sion and demonstration of Modern
Dfincc at the Spectator Course to
morrow night at 7:15 o'clock in the
Dance Studio of the Women's Gym.
The group wil present technical
progressions as well as several com
positions which will be analyzed
from an audience point of view.
Berkeley Choreography Group, the
only dance group of its kind on Ihe
Pacific Coast, will present a discus
sion and demonstration of Modern
Dfincc at the Spectator Course to
morrow night at 7:15 o'clock in the
Dance Studio of the Women's Gym.
The group wil present technical
progressions as well as several com
positions which will be analyzed
from an audience point of view.
Berkeley Choreography Group, the
only dance group of its kind on Ihe
Pacific Coast, will present a discus
sion and demonstration of Modern
Dfincc at the Spectator Course to
morrow night at 7:15 o'clock in the
Dance Studio of the Women's Gym.
The group wil present technical
progressions as well as several com
positions which will be analyzed
from an audience point of view.
Berkeley Choreography Group, the
only dance group of its kind on Ihe
Pacific Coast, will present a discus
sion and demonstration of Modern
Dfincc at the Spectator Course to
morrow night at 7:15 o'clock in the
Dance Studio of the Women's Gym.
The group wil present technical
progressions as well as several com
positions which will be analyzed
from an audience point of view.
Berkeley Choreography Group, the
only dance group of its kind on Ihe
Pacific Coast, will present a discus
sion and demonstration of Modern
Dfincc at the Spectator Course to
morrow night at 7:15 o'clock in the
Dance Studio of the Women's Gym.
The group wil present technical
progressions as well as several com
positions which will be analyzed
from an audience point of view.
Berkeley Choreography Group, the
only dance group of its kind on Ihe
Pacific Coast, will present a discus
sion and demonstration of Modern
Dfincc at the Spectator Course to
morrow night at 7:15 o'clock in the
Dance Studio of the Women's Gym.
The group wil present technical
progressions as well as several com
positions which will be analyzed
from an audience point of view.
Berkeley Choreography Group, the
only dance group of its kind on Ihe
Pacific Coast, will present a discus
sion and demonstration of Modern
Dfincc at the Spectator Course to
morrow night at 7:15 o'clock in the
Dance Studio of the Women's Gym.
The group wil present technical
progressions as well as several com
positions which will be analyzed
from an audience point of view.
