# CHINA IN OLYMPICS
## 
### 
CHUNKING, China, Feb. (i (UP).
Despite the war with Japan, China
will enter a team in the Olympic
Games next year, it was announced
today when China's Amateur Ath
letic Federation named a committee
to prepare plans. Included in the
group was C. T. Wang, former am
bassador to the United States.
CHUNKING, China, Feb. (i (UP).
Despite the war with Japan, China
will enter a team in the Olympic
Games next year, it was announced
today when China's Amateur Ath
letic Federation named a committee
to prepare plans. Included in the
group was C. T. Wang, former am
bassador to the United States.
CHUNKING, China, Feb. (i (UP).
Despite the war with Japan, China
will enter a team in the Olympic
Games next year, it was announced
today when China's Amateur Ath
letic Federation named a committee
to prepare plans. Included in the
group was C. T. Wang, former am
bassador to the United States.
CHUNKING, China, Feb. (i (UP).
Despite the war with Japan, China
will enter a team in the Olympic
Games next year, it was announced
today when China's Amateur Ath
letic Federation named a committee
to prepare plans. Included in the
group was C. T. Wang, former am
bassador to the United States.
CHUNKING, China, Feb. (i (UP).
Despite the war with Japan, China
will enter a team in the Olympic
Games next year, it was announced
today when China's Amateur Ath
letic Federation named a committee
to prepare plans. Included in the
group was C. T. Wang, former am
bassador to the United States.
CHUNKING, China, Feb. (i (UP).
Despite the war with Japan, China
will enter a team in the Olympic
Games next year, it was announced
today when China's Amateur Ath
letic Federation named a committee
to prepare plans. Included in the
group was C. T. Wang, former am
bassador to the United States.
CHUNKING, China, Feb. (i (UP).
Despite the war with Japan, China
will enter a team in the Olympic
Games next year, it was announced
today when China's Amateur Ath
letic Federation named a committee
to prepare plans. Included in the
group was C. T. Wang, former am
bassador to the United States.
CHUNKING, China, Feb. (i (UP).
Despite the war with Japan, China
will enter a team in the Olympic
Games next year, it was announced
today when China's Amateur Ath
letic Federation named a committee
to prepare plans. Included in the
group was C. T. Wang, former am
bassador to the United States.
CHUNKING, China, Feb. (i (UP).
Despite the war with Japan, China
will enter a team in the Olympic
Games next year, it was announced
today when China's Amateur Ath
letic Federation named a committee
to prepare plans. Included in the
group was C. T. Wang, former am
bassador to the United States.
CHUNKING, China, Feb. (i (UP).
Despite the war with Japan, China
will enter a team in the Olympic
Games next year, it was announced
today when China's Amateur Ath
letic Federation named a committee
to prepare plans. Included in the
group was C. T. Wang, former am
bassador to the United States.
CHUNKING, China, Feb. (i (UP).
Despite the war with Japan, China
will enter a team in the Olympic
Games next year, it was announced
today when China's Amateur Ath
letic Federation named a committee
to prepare plans. Included in the
group was C. T. Wang, former am
bassador to the United States.
CHUNKING, China, Feb. (i (UP).
Despite the war with Japan, China
will enter a team in the Olympic
Games next year, it was announced
today when China's Amateur Ath
letic Federation named a committee
to prepare plans. Included in the
group was C. T. Wang, former am
bassador to the United States.
CHUNKING, China, Feb. (i (UP).
Despite the war with Japan, China
will enter a team in the Olympic
Games next year, it was announced
today when China's Amateur Ath
letic Federation named a committee
to prepare plans. Included in the
group was C. T. Wang, former am
bassador to the United States.
CHUNKING, China, Feb. (i (UP).
Despite the war with Japan, China
will enter a team in the Olympic
Games next year, it was announced
today when China's Amateur Ath
letic Federation named a committee
to prepare plans. Included in the
group was C. T. Wang, former am
bassador to the United States.
CHUNKING, China, Feb. (i (UP).
Despite the war with Japan, China
will enter a team in the Olympic
Games next year, it was announced
today when China's Amateur Ath
letic Federation named a committee
to prepare plans. Included in the
group was C. T. Wang, former am
bassador to the United States.
CHUNKING, China, Feb. (i (UP).
Despite the war with Japan, China
will enter a team in the Olympic
Games next year, it was announced
today when China's Amateur Ath
letic Federation named a committee
to prepare plans. Included in the
group was C. T. Wang, former am
bassador to the United States.
