# Adv. 8 Page 2
## 
### 
I Peak Lapel
tailored in Gabardines
and Worsteds.
■ <*»
-0 Open
/ r*- ' Wednesday
Evenings i
252 University Avenue
\ i
i : . W" m -
I Peak Lapel
tailored in Gabardines
and Worsteds.
■ <*»
-0 Open
/ r*- ' Wednesday
Evenings i
252 University Avenue
\ i
i : . W" m -
I Peak Lapel
tailored in Gabardines
and Worsteds.
■ <*»
-0 Open
/ r*- ' Wednesday
Evenings i
252 University Avenue
\ i
i : . W" m -
I Peak Lapel
tailored in Gabardines
and Worsteds.
■ <*»
-0 Open
/ r*- ' Wednesday
Evenings i
252 University Avenue
\ i
i : . W" m -
I Peak Lapel
tailored in Gabardines
and Worsteds.
■ <*»
-0 Open
/ r*- ' Wednesday
Evenings i
252 University Avenue
\ i
i : . W" m -
I Peak Lapel
tailored in Gabardines
and Worsteds.
■ <*»
-0 Open
/ r*- ' Wednesday
Evenings i
252 University Avenue
\ i
i : . W" m -
I Peak Lapel
tailored in Gabardines
and Worsteds.
■ <*»
-0 Open
/ r*- ' Wednesday
Evenings i
252 University Avenue
\ i
i : . W" m -
I Peak Lapel
tailored in Gabardines
and Worsteds.
■ <*»
-0 Open
/ r*- ' Wednesday
Evenings i
252 University Avenue
\ i
i : . W" m -
I Peak Lapel
tailored in Gabardines
and Worsteds.
■ <*»
-0 Open
/ r*- ' Wednesday
Evenings i
252 University Avenue
\ i
i : . W" m -
I Peak Lapel
tailored in Gabardines
and Worsteds.
■ <*»
-0 Open
/ r*- ' Wednesday
Evenings i
252 University Avenue
\ i
i : . W" m -
I Peak Lapel
tailored in Gabardines
and Worsteds.
■ <*»
-0 Open
/ r*- ' Wednesday
Evenings i
252 University Avenue
\ i
i : . W" m -
I Peak Lapel
tailored in Gabardines
and Worsteds.
■ <*»
-0 Open
/ r*- ' Wednesday
Evenings i
252 University Avenue
\ i
i : . W" m -
I Peak Lapel
tailored in Gabardines
and Worsteds.
■ <*»
-0 Open
/ r*- ' Wednesday
Evenings i
252 University Avenue
\ i
i : . W" m -
I Peak Lapel
tailored in Gabardines
and Worsteds.
■ <*»
-0 Open
/ r*- ' Wednesday
Evenings i
252 University Avenue
\ i
i : . W" m -
I Peak Lapel
tailored in Gabardines
and Worsteds.
■ <*»
-0 Open
/ r*- ' Wednesday
Evenings i
252 University Avenue
\ i
i : . W" m -
I Peak Lapel
tailored in Gabardines
and Worsteds.
■ <*»
-0 Open
/ r*- ' Wednesday
Evenings i
252 University Avenue
\ i
i : . W" m -
I Peak Lapel
tailored in Gabardines
and Worsteds.
■ <*»
-0 Open
/ r*- ' Wednesday
Evenings i
252 University Avenue
\ i
i : . W" m -
