# Cairo Conference Decides Jap Fate; Conquests Since 1895 To Be Stripped
## Elmer Davis Rejects Reuters Explanation 
### United Press 
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1 (UP).—
War Information Director Elmer Da
vis tonight bluntly rejected the ex
planation given by the British news
agency Reuters for prematurely dis
closing the Roosevelt - Churchill -
Chiang conference at Cairo and
placed part of the blame on British
censorship.
Reuters broke the story under a
Lisbon dateline Tuesday morning.
"They've done it before," Davis
said angrily. He said the Reuters
story actually gave the Nazis and
Japs a scoop on "our own story."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1 (UP).—
War Information Director Elmer Da
vis tonight bluntly rejected the ex
planation given by the British news
agency Reuters for prematurely dis
closing the Roosevelt - Churchill -
Chiang conference at Cairo and
placed part of the blame on British
censorship.
Reuters broke the story under a
Lisbon dateline Tuesday morning.
"They've done it before," Davis
said angrily. He said the Reuters
story actually gave the Nazis and
Japs a scoop on "our own story."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1 (UP).—
War Information Director Elmer Da
vis tonight bluntly rejected the ex
planation given by the British news
agency Reuters for prematurely dis
closing the Roosevelt - Churchill -
Chiang conference at Cairo and
placed part of the blame on British
censorship.
Reuters broke the story under a
Lisbon dateline Tuesday morning.
"They've done it before," Davis
said angrily. He said the Reuters
story actually gave the Nazis and
Japs a scoop on "our own story."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1 (UP).—
War Information Director Elmer Da
vis tonight bluntly rejected the ex
planation given by the British news
agency Reuters for prematurely dis
closing the Roosevelt - Churchill -
Chiang conference at Cairo and
placed part of the blame on British
censorship.
Reuters broke the story under a
Lisbon dateline Tuesday morning.
"They've done it before," Davis
said angrily. He said the Reuters
story actually gave the Nazis and
Japs a scoop on "our own story."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1 (UP).—
War Information Director Elmer Da
vis tonight bluntly rejected the ex
planation given by the British news
agency Reuters for prematurely dis
closing the Roosevelt - Churchill -
Chiang conference at Cairo and
placed part of the blame on British
censorship.
Reuters broke the story under a
Lisbon dateline Tuesday morning.
"They've done it before," Davis
said angrily. He said the Reuters
story actually gave the Nazis and
Japs a scoop on "our own story."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1 (UP).—
War Information Director Elmer Da
vis tonight bluntly rejected the ex
planation given by the British news
agency Reuters for prematurely dis
closing the Roosevelt - Churchill -
Chiang conference at Cairo and
placed part of the blame on British
censorship.
Reuters broke the story under a
Lisbon dateline Tuesday morning.
"They've done it before," Davis
said angrily. He said the Reuters
story actually gave the Nazis and
Japs a scoop on "our own story."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1 (UP).—
War Information Director Elmer Da
vis tonight bluntly rejected the ex
planation given by the British news
agency Reuters for prematurely dis
closing the Roosevelt - Churchill -
Chiang conference at Cairo and
placed part of the blame on British
censorship.
Reuters broke the story under a
Lisbon dateline Tuesday morning.
"They've done it before," Davis
said angrily. He said the Reuters
story actually gave the Nazis and
Japs a scoop on "our own story."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1 (UP).—
War Information Director Elmer Da
vis tonight bluntly rejected the ex
planation given by the British news
agency Reuters for prematurely dis
closing the Roosevelt - Churchill -
Chiang conference at Cairo and
placed part of the blame on British
censorship.
Reuters broke the story under a
Lisbon dateline Tuesday morning.
"They've done it before," Davis
said angrily. He said the Reuters
story actually gave the Nazis and
Japs a scoop on "our own story."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1 (UP).—
War Information Director Elmer Da
vis tonight bluntly rejected the ex
planation given by the British news
agency Reuters for prematurely dis
closing the Roosevelt - Churchill -
Chiang conference at Cairo and
placed part of the blame on British
censorship.
Reuters broke the story under a
Lisbon dateline Tuesday morning.
"They've done it before," Davis
said angrily. He said the Reuters
story actually gave the Nazis and
Japs a scoop on "our own story."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1 (UP).—
War Information Director Elmer Da
vis tonight bluntly rejected the ex
planation given by the British news
agency Reuters for prematurely dis
closing the Roosevelt - Churchill -
Chiang conference at Cairo and
placed part of the blame on British
censorship.
Reuters broke the story under a
Lisbon dateline Tuesday morning.
"They've done it before," Davis
said angrily. He said the Reuters
story actually gave the Nazis and
Japs a scoop on "our own story."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1 (UP).—
War Information Director Elmer Da
vis tonight bluntly rejected the ex
planation given by the British news
agency Reuters for prematurely dis
closing the Roosevelt - Churchill -
Chiang conference at Cairo and
placed part of the blame on British
censorship.
Reuters broke the story under a
Lisbon dateline Tuesday morning.
"They've done it before," Davis
said angrily. He said the Reuters
story actually gave the Nazis and
Japs a scoop on "our own story."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1 (UP).—
War Information Director Elmer Da
vis tonight bluntly rejected the ex
planation given by the British news
agency Reuters for prematurely dis
closing the Roosevelt - Churchill -
Chiang conference at Cairo and
placed part of the blame on British
censorship.
Reuters broke the story under a
Lisbon dateline Tuesday morning.
"They've done it before," Davis
said angrily. He said the Reuters
story actually gave the Nazis and
Japs a scoop on "our own story."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1 (UP).—
War Information Director Elmer Da
vis tonight bluntly rejected the ex
planation given by the British news
agency Reuters for prematurely dis
closing the Roosevelt - Churchill -
Chiang conference at Cairo and
placed part of the blame on British
censorship.
Reuters broke the story under a
Lisbon dateline Tuesday morning.
"They've done it before," Davis
said angrily. He said the Reuters
story actually gave the Nazis and
Japs a scoop on "our own story."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1 (UP).—
War Information Director Elmer Da
vis tonight bluntly rejected the ex
planation given by the British news
agency Reuters for prematurely dis
closing the Roosevelt - Churchill -
Chiang conference at Cairo and
placed part of the blame on British
censorship.
Reuters broke the story under a
Lisbon dateline Tuesday morning.
"They've done it before," Davis
said angrily. He said the Reuters
story actually gave the Nazis and
Japs a scoop on "our own story."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1 (UP).—
War Information Director Elmer Da
vis tonight bluntly rejected the ex
planation given by the British news
agency Reuters for prematurely dis
closing the Roosevelt - Churchill -
Chiang conference at Cairo and
placed part of the blame on British
censorship.
Reuters broke the story under a
Lisbon dateline Tuesday morning.
"They've done it before," Davis
said angrily. He said the Reuters
story actually gave the Nazis and
Japs a scoop on "our own story."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1 (UP).—
War Information Director Elmer Da
vis tonight bluntly rejected the ex
planation given by the British news
agency Reuters for prematurely dis
closing the Roosevelt - Churchill -
Chiang conference at Cairo and
placed part of the blame on British
censorship.
Reuters broke the story under a
Lisbon dateline Tuesday morning.
"They've done it before," Davis
said angrily. He said the Reuters
story actually gave the Nazis and
Japs a scoop on "our own story."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1 (UP).—
War Information Director Elmer Da
vis tonight bluntly rejected the ex
planation given by the British news
agency Reuters for prematurely dis
closing the Roosevelt - Churchill -
Chiang conference at Cairo and
placed part of the blame on British
censorship.
Reuters broke the story under a
Lisbon dateline Tuesday morning.
"They've done it before," Davis
said angrily. He said the Reuters
story actually gave the Nazis and
Japs a scoop on "our own story."
