# GIBERSON PROMOTED
## 
### 
Ralph Giberson, '32, former Stanford
sprint ace, who for the past year has
been manager of the Campus service
station near the stadium, has been pro
moted to the position of supervisor of
the Oakland District of the Shell Oil
Company.
Ralph Giberson, '32, former Stanford
sprint ace, who for the past year has
been manager of the Campus service
station near the stadium, has been pro
moted to the position of supervisor of
the Oakland District of the Shell Oil
Company.
Ralph Giberson, '32, former Stanford
sprint ace, who for the past year has
been manager of the Campus service
station near the stadium, has been pro
moted to the position of supervisor of
the Oakland District of the Shell Oil
Company.
Ralph Giberson, '32, former Stanford
sprint ace, who for the past year has
been manager of the Campus service
station near the stadium, has been pro
moted to the position of supervisor of
the Oakland District of the Shell Oil
Company.
Ralph Giberson, '32, former Stanford
sprint ace, who for the past year has
been manager of the Campus service
station near the stadium, has been pro
moted to the position of supervisor of
the Oakland District of the Shell Oil
Company.
Ralph Giberson, '32, former Stanford
sprint ace, who for the past year has
been manager of the Campus service
station near the stadium, has been pro
moted to the position of supervisor of
the Oakland District of the Shell Oil
Company.
Ralph Giberson, '32, former Stanford
sprint ace, who for the past year has
been manager of the Campus service
station near the stadium, has been pro
moted to the position of supervisor of
the Oakland District of the Shell Oil
Company.
Ralph Giberson, '32, former Stanford
sprint ace, who for the past year has
been manager of the Campus service
station near the stadium, has been pro
moted to the position of supervisor of
the Oakland District of the Shell Oil
Company.
Ralph Giberson, '32, former Stanford
sprint ace, who for the past year has
been manager of the Campus service
station near the stadium, has been pro
moted to the position of supervisor of
the Oakland District of the Shell Oil
Company.
Ralph Giberson, '32, former Stanford
sprint ace, who for the past year has
been manager of the Campus service
station near the stadium, has been pro
moted to the position of supervisor of
the Oakland District of the Shell Oil
Company.
Ralph Giberson, '32, former Stanford
sprint ace, who for the past year has
been manager of the Campus service
station near the stadium, has been pro
moted to the position of supervisor of
the Oakland District of the Shell Oil
Company.
Ralph Giberson, '32, former Stanford
sprint ace, who for the past year has
been manager of the Campus service
station near the stadium, has been pro
moted to the position of supervisor of
the Oakland District of the Shell Oil
Company.
Ralph Giberson, '32, former Stanford
sprint ace, who for the past year has
been manager of the Campus service
station near the stadium, has been pro
moted to the position of supervisor of
the Oakland District of the Shell Oil
Company.
Ralph Giberson, '32, former Stanford
sprint ace, who for the past year has
been manager of the Campus service
station near the stadium, has been pro
moted to the position of supervisor of
the Oakland District of the Shell Oil
Company.
