# Chicago Meet Ends Season For Stanford Track Stars
## 
### 
Contributing hard-earned points to a
lost cause, the Olympic Club's national
track aspirations, Stanford athletes
finished their 1933 track-and-field cam
paign at the A.A.U. track meet in
Chicago.
Gus Meier, captain-elect of the Stan
ford track team, and Cotto Herbert,
both hurdlers, were the only Stanford
men to score on the track. Victim of a
poor start, Meier closed fast in the
final yards of the high hurdle race to
take fourth place.
Contributing hard-earned points to a
lost cause, the Olympic Club's national
track aspirations, Stanford athletes
finished their 1933 track-and-field cam
paign at the A.A.U. track meet in
Chicago.
Gus Meier, captain-elect of the Stan
ford track team, and Cotto Herbert,
both hurdlers, were the only Stanford
men to score on the track. Victim of a
poor start, Meier closed fast in the
final yards of the high hurdle race to
take fourth place.
Contributing hard-earned points to a
lost cause, the Olympic Club's national
track aspirations, Stanford athletes
finished their 1933 track-and-field cam
paign at the A.A.U. track meet in
Chicago.
Gus Meier, captain-elect of the Stan
ford track team, and Cotto Herbert,
both hurdlers, were the only Stanford
men to score on the track. Victim of a
poor start, Meier closed fast in the
final yards of the high hurdle race to
take fourth place.
Contributing hard-earned points to a
lost cause, the Olympic Club's national
track aspirations, Stanford athletes
finished their 1933 track-and-field cam
paign at the A.A.U. track meet in
Chicago.
Gus Meier, captain-elect of the Stan
ford track team, and Cotto Herbert,
both hurdlers, were the only Stanford
men to score on the track. Victim of a
poor start, Meier closed fast in the
final yards of the high hurdle race to
take fourth place.
Contributing hard-earned points to a
lost cause, the Olympic Club's national
track aspirations, Stanford athletes
finished their 1933 track-and-field cam
paign at the A.A.U. track meet in
Chicago.
Gus Meier, captain-elect of the Stan
ford track team, and Cotto Herbert,
both hurdlers, were the only Stanford
men to score on the track. Victim of a
poor start, Meier closed fast in the
final yards of the high hurdle race to
take fourth place.
Contributing hard-earned points to a
lost cause, the Olympic Club's national
track aspirations, Stanford athletes
finished their 1933 track-and-field cam
paign at the A.A.U. track meet in
Chicago.
Gus Meier, captain-elect of the Stan
ford track team, and Cotto Herbert,
both hurdlers, were the only Stanford
men to score on the track. Victim of a
poor start, Meier closed fast in the
final yards of the high hurdle race to
take fourth place.
Contributing hard-earned points to a
lost cause, the Olympic Club's national
track aspirations, Stanford athletes
finished their 1933 track-and-field cam
paign at the A.A.U. track meet in
Chicago.
Gus Meier, captain-elect of the Stan
ford track team, and Cotto Herbert,
both hurdlers, were the only Stanford
men to score on the track. Victim of a
poor start, Meier closed fast in the
final yards of the high hurdle race to
take fourth place.
Contributing hard-earned points to a
lost cause, the Olympic Club's national
track aspirations, Stanford athletes
finished their 1933 track-and-field cam
paign at the A.A.U. track meet in
Chicago.
Gus Meier, captain-elect of the Stan
ford track team, and Cotto Herbert,
both hurdlers, were the only Stanford
men to score on the track. Victim of a
poor start, Meier closed fast in the
final yards of the high hurdle race to
take fourth place.
Contributing hard-earned points to a
lost cause, the Olympic Club's national
track aspirations, Stanford athletes
finished their 1933 track-and-field cam
paign at the A.A.U. track meet in
Chicago.
Gus Meier, captain-elect of the Stan
ford track team, and Cotto Herbert,
both hurdlers, were the only Stanford
men to score on the track. Victim of a
poor start, Meier closed fast in the
final yards of the high hurdle race to
take fourth place.
Contributing hard-earned points to a
lost cause, the Olympic Club's national
track aspirations, Stanford athletes
finished their 1933 track-and-field cam
paign at the A.A.U. track meet in
Chicago.
Gus Meier, captain-elect of the Stan
ford track team, and Cotto Herbert,
both hurdlers, were the only Stanford
men to score on the track. Victim of a
poor start, Meier closed fast in the
final yards of the high hurdle race to
take fourth place.
Contributing hard-earned points to a
lost cause, the Olympic Club's national
track aspirations, Stanford athletes
finished their 1933 track-and-field cam
paign at the A.A.U. track meet in
Chicago.
Gus Meier, captain-elect of the Stan
ford track team, and Cotto Herbert,
both hurdlers, were the only Stanford
men to score on the track. Victim of a
poor start, Meier closed fast in the
final yards of the high hurdle race to
take fourth place.
Contributing hard-earned points to a
lost cause, the Olympic Club's national
track aspirations, Stanford athletes
finished their 1933 track-and-field cam
paign at the A.A.U. track meet in
Chicago.
Gus Meier, captain-elect of the Stan
ford track team, and Cotto Herbert,
both hurdlers, were the only Stanford
men to score on the track. Victim of a
poor start, Meier closed fast in the
final yards of the high hurdle race to
take fourth place.
Contributing hard-earned points to a
lost cause, the Olympic Club's national
track aspirations, Stanford athletes
finished their 1933 track-and-field cam
paign at the A.A.U. track meet in
Chicago.
Gus Meier, captain-elect of the Stan
ford track team, and Cotto Herbert,
both hurdlers, were the only Stanford
men to score on the track. Victim of a
poor start, Meier closed fast in the
final yards of the high hurdle race to
take fourth place.
Contributing hard-earned points to a
lost cause, the Olympic Club's national
track aspirations, Stanford athletes
finished their 1933 track-and-field cam
paign at the A.A.U. track meet in
Chicago.
Gus Meier, captain-elect of the Stan
ford track team, and Cotto Herbert,
both hurdlers, were the only Stanford
men to score on the track. Victim of a
poor start, Meier closed fast in the
final yards of the high hurdle race to
take fourth place.
