# spotlight
## 
### 
A century-old mystery about sex fi
nally appears to have been solved by
a Stanford-led team of researchers.
Their discovery, reported in the jour
nal Nature, could have wide-ranging
implications for genetic research and
the treatment of infertility.
The study focuses on the ultimate
goal of sex — fertilization. When a
sperm and an egg come together,
something triggers the cascade of
chemical events that eventually re
sults in the development of an em
bryo.
"Since the turn of the century, peo
ple have wondered exactly how
sperm-egg contact initiates develop
ment," says biologist David Epel. The
answer, he says, begins with the
build-up of nitric oxide gas inside the
sperm. Epel and his colleagues de
scribe their discovery in Nature.
— from the Oct. 12 issue of The Hindu
