# Prof. V.L. Kellogg.
## 
### 
The University of Kansas Courier
speaks editorially in these words of
Vernon L. Kellogg, who was lately
made assistant professor of entomol
ogy at Stanford:
It ia needless to say that Chancel
lor Snow in common" with the stu
dents and faculty as a whole, sin
cerely regret the probable severance
of Mr. Kellogg's connection with
his (ilmn mater. By his untiring
efforts he has accomplished as much
as any graduate of the university,
and his courteous treatment of all
has gained for himself many warm
friends, who, while regretting his
departure from Kansas, unite in re
joicing at the larger and better pros
pect which the new field of work
will open to hia well trained ener
gies. The Courier extends con
gratulations and wishes Mr. Kellogg
the be&t success in his work.
