# Just desert
## 
### 

Associated Press
Two boys from Rapidan, Minnesota stroll across cracked mud
that used to be the bottom of a resevoir bed. The drought has
left the resevoir's hydro-electric dam idle and the resevoir's
neighbors concerned.

Associated Press
Two boys from Rapidan, Minnesota stroll across cracked mud
that used to be the bottom of a resevoir bed. The drought has
left the resevoir's hydro-electric dam idle and the resevoir's
neighbors concerned.

Associated Press
Two boys from Rapidan, Minnesota stroll across cracked mud
that used to be the bottom of a resevoir bed. The drought has
left the resevoir's hydro-electric dam idle and the resevoir's
neighbors concerned.

Associated Press
Two boys from Rapidan, Minnesota stroll across cracked mud
that used to be the bottom of a resevoir bed. The drought has
left the resevoir's hydro-electric dam idle and the resevoir's
neighbors concerned.

Associated Press
Two boys from Rapidan, Minnesota stroll across cracked mud
that used to be the bottom of a resevoir bed. The drought has
left the resevoir's hydro-electric dam idle and the resevoir's
neighbors concerned.

Associated Press
Two boys from Rapidan, Minnesota stroll across cracked mud
that used to be the bottom of a resevoir bed. The drought has
left the resevoir's hydro-electric dam idle and the resevoir's
neighbors concerned.

Associated Press
Two boys from Rapidan, Minnesota stroll across cracked mud
that used to be the bottom of a resevoir bed. The drought has
left the resevoir's hydro-electric dam idle and the resevoir's
neighbors concerned.
