# TO ADDRESS FRESHMEN.
## Dr. Jordan Will Speak at the Reception Tomorrow Evening. Program Arranged. 
### 
Members of the class of 1906 will
have their first opportunity to hear
Dr. Jordan speak at the Fresh man
reception, to he given in Encina
club-room tomorrow ( Friday) even
ing by the Young Men's and Young
Women's Christian Associations.
Arrangements for the affair are
iu charge of a committee from each
association, of which Miss Barbara
Mitt, '05, is chairman from the Y.
W. C. A., and H. S. Gay, '03, from
the Y. M. C. A. The program, in
addition to President Jordan's re
marks, will include musical num
bers by a mandolin quartette con
sisting of R. J. Keith, '03, E. J.
Thayer, '03, H. L. Morrison, '03,
and W. G. Morrison, '03; a mono
logue by L. I). Byrne, '05; and an
address by Lloyd E. Harter, '02,
secretary of the Y. M.C. A. The
reception opens at 8 o'clock. The
patronesses of the evening will be:
Mesdames Branner, Stillman, Price,
von Noe, Snow, Mitchell, Little,
Mathews, Murray.
Members of the class of 1906 will
have their first opportunity to hear
Dr. Jordan speak at the Fresh man
reception, to he given in Encina
club-room tomorrow ( Friday) even
ing by the Young Men's and Young
Women's Christian Associations.
Arrangements for the affair are
iu charge of a committee from each
association, of which Miss Barbara
Mitt, '05, is chairman from the Y.
W. C. A., and H. S. Gay, '03, from
the Y. M. C. A. The program, in
addition to President Jordan's re
marks, will include musical num
bers by a mandolin quartette con
sisting of R. J. Keith, '03, E. J.
Thayer, '03, H. L. Morrison, '03,
and W. G. Morrison, '03; a mono
logue by L. I). Byrne, '05; and an
address by Lloyd E. Harter, '02,
secretary of the Y. M.C. A. The
reception opens at 8 o'clock. The
patronesses of the evening will be:
Mesdames Branner, Stillman, Price,
von Noe, Snow, Mitchell, Little,
Mathews, Murray.
Members of the class of 1906 will
have their first opportunity to hear
Dr. Jordan speak at the Fresh man
reception, to he given in Encina
club-room tomorrow ( Friday) even
ing by the Young Men's and Young
Women's Christian Associations.
Arrangements for the affair are
iu charge of a committee from each
association, of which Miss Barbara
Mitt, '05, is chairman from the Y.
W. C. A., and H. S. Gay, '03, from
the Y. M. C. A. The program, in
addition to President Jordan's re
marks, will include musical num
bers by a mandolin quartette con
sisting of R. J. Keith, '03, E. J.
Thayer, '03, H. L. Morrison, '03,
and W. G. Morrison, '03; a mono
logue by L. I). Byrne, '05; and an
address by Lloyd E. Harter, '02,
secretary of the Y. M.C. A. The
reception opens at 8 o'clock. The
patronesses of the evening will be:
Mesdames Branner, Stillman, Price,
von Noe, Snow, Mitchell, Little,
Mathews, Murray.
Members of the class of 1906 will
have their first opportunity to hear
Dr. Jordan speak at the Fresh man
reception, to he given in Encina
club-room tomorrow ( Friday) even
ing by the Young Men's and Young
Women's Christian Associations.
Arrangements for the affair are
iu charge of a committee from each
association, of which Miss Barbara
Mitt, '05, is chairman from the Y.
W. C. A., and H. S. Gay, '03, from
the Y. M. C. A. The program, in
addition to President Jordan's re
marks, will include musical num
bers by a mandolin quartette con
sisting of R. J. Keith, '03, E. J.
Thayer, '03, H. L. Morrison, '03,
and W. G. Morrison, '03; a mono
logue by L. I). Byrne, '05; and an
address by Lloyd E. Harter, '02,
secretary of the Y. M.C. A. The
reception opens at 8 o'clock. The
patronesses of the evening will be:
Mesdames Branner, Stillman, Price,
von Noe, Snow, Mitchell, Little,
Mathews, Murray.
Members of the class of 1906 will
have their first opportunity to hear
Dr. Jordan speak at the Fresh man
reception, to he given in Encina
club-room tomorrow ( Friday) even
ing by the Young Men's and Young
Women's Christian Associations.
Arrangements for the affair are
iu charge of a committee from each
association, of which Miss Barbara
Mitt, '05, is chairman from the Y.
W. C. A., and H. S. Gay, '03, from
the Y. M. C. A. The program, in
addition to President Jordan's re
marks, will include musical num
bers by a mandolin quartette con
sisting of R. J. Keith, '03, E. J.
Thayer, '03, H. L. Morrison, '03,
and W. G. Morrison, '03; a mono
logue by L. I). Byrne, '05; and an
address by Lloyd E. Harter, '02,
secretary of the Y. M.C. A. The
reception opens at 8 o'clock. The
patronesses of the evening will be:
Mesdames Branner, Stillman, Price,
von Noe, Snow, Mitchell, Little,
Mathews, Murray.
Members of the class of 1906 will
have their first opportunity to hear
Dr. Jordan speak at the Fresh man
reception, to he given in Encina
club-room tomorrow ( Friday) even
ing by the Young Men's and Young
Women's Christian Associations.
Arrangements for the affair are
iu charge of a committee from each
association, of which Miss Barbara
Mitt, '05, is chairman from the Y.
W. C. A., and H. S. Gay, '03, from
the Y. M. C. A. The program, in
addition to President Jordan's re
marks, will include musical num
bers by a mandolin quartette con
sisting of R. J. Keith, '03, E. J.
Thayer, '03, H. L. Morrison, '03,
and W. G. Morrison, '03; a mono
logue by L. I). Byrne, '05; and an
address by Lloyd E. Harter, '02,
secretary of the Y. M.C. A. The
reception opens at 8 o'clock. The
patronesses of the evening will be:
Mesdames Branner, Stillman, Price,
von Noe, Snow, Mitchell, Little,
Mathews, Murray.
Members of the class of 1906 will
have their first opportunity to hear
Dr. Jordan speak at the Fresh man
reception, to he given in Encina
club-room tomorrow ( Friday) even
ing by the Young Men's and Young
Women's Christian Associations.
Arrangements for the affair are
iu charge of a committee from each
association, of which Miss Barbara
Mitt, '05, is chairman from the Y.
W. C. A., and H. S. Gay, '03, from
the Y. M. C. A. The program, in
addition to President Jordan's re
marks, will include musical num
bers by a mandolin quartette con
sisting of R. J. Keith, '03, E. J.
Thayer, '03, H. L. Morrison, '03,
and W. G. Morrison, '03; a mono
logue by L. I). Byrne, '05; and an
address by Lloyd E. Harter, '02,
secretary of the Y. M.C. A. The
reception opens at 8 o'clock. The
patronesses of the evening will be:
Mesdames Branner, Stillman, Price,
von Noe, Snow, Mitchell, Little,
Mathews, Murray.
