# Dr. Angell Returns.
## 
### 
Dr. Frank Angel), professor of
Psychology aiul chairman of the
fueulty committee on athletics, re
turned from his European trip
Tuesday, took up his work Wed
nesday, and appeared on the side
lines at the evening football prac
tice. Dr. Angell spent almost all
of his time in Southern Germany
pursuing his scientific studies. Ho
did no special work hut renewed
old acquaintances and otherwise
derived considerable pleasure from
his vacation.
Dr. Frank Angel), professor of
Psychology aiul chairman of the
fueulty committee on athletics, re
turned from his European trip
Tuesday, took up his work Wed
nesday, and appeared on the side
lines at the evening football prac
tice. Dr. Angell spent almost all
of his time in Southern Germany
pursuing his scientific studies. Ho
did no special work hut renewed
old acquaintances and otherwise
derived considerable pleasure from
his vacation.
Dr. Frank Angel), professor of
Psychology aiul chairman of the
fueulty committee on athletics, re
turned from his European trip
Tuesday, took up his work Wed
nesday, and appeared on the side
lines at the evening football prac
tice. Dr. Angell spent almost all
of his time in Southern Germany
pursuing his scientific studies. Ho
did no special work hut renewed
old acquaintances and otherwise
derived considerable pleasure from
his vacation.
Dr. Frank Angel), professor of
Psychology aiul chairman of the
fueulty committee on athletics, re
turned from his European trip
Tuesday, took up his work Wed
nesday, and appeared on the side
lines at the evening football prac
tice. Dr. Angell spent almost all
of his time in Southern Germany
pursuing his scientific studies. Ho
did no special work hut renewed
old acquaintances and otherwise
derived considerable pleasure from
his vacation.
Dr. Frank Angel), professor of
Psychology aiul chairman of the
fueulty committee on athletics, re
turned from his European trip
Tuesday, took up his work Wed
nesday, and appeared on the side
lines at the evening football prac
tice. Dr. Angell spent almost all
of his time in Southern Germany
pursuing his scientific studies. Ho
did no special work hut renewed
old acquaintances and otherwise
derived considerable pleasure from
his vacation.
Dr. Frank Angel), professor of
Psychology aiul chairman of the
fueulty committee on athletics, re
turned from his European trip
Tuesday, took up his work Wed
nesday, and appeared on the side
lines at the evening football prac
tice. Dr. Angell spent almost all
of his time in Southern Germany
pursuing his scientific studies. Ho
did no special work hut renewed
old acquaintances and otherwise
derived considerable pleasure from
his vacation.
Dr. Frank Angel), professor of
Psychology aiul chairman of the
fueulty committee on athletics, re
turned from his European trip
Tuesday, took up his work Wed
nesday, and appeared on the side
lines at the evening football prac
tice. Dr. Angell spent almost all
of his time in Southern Germany
pursuing his scientific studies. Ho
did no special work hut renewed
old acquaintances and otherwise
derived considerable pleasure from
his vacation.
