# Engineering News.
## 
### 
Professor Fish has completely
recovered from his protracted ill
ness and returns to his work this
semester.
In order to make room for the
increased number of students in
the Pattern-making class,the parti
tions are being torn out of the pat
tern shop.
During the summer several in
struments have been added to the
department. They were made by
Gurley of Troy, Buff and Burger,
and 11. Lietz of San Francisco.
Professor Albert \V. Smith's new
book, "Materials of Machines,"
published by Wiley and Sons, has
just been received at the Univer
sity. It is a revision and enlarge
ment of Professor Smith's privately
published "Constructive Materials."
Professor Fish has completely
recovered from his protracted ill
ness and returns to his work this
semester.
In order to make room for the
increased number of students in
the Pattern-making class,the parti
tions are being torn out of the pat
tern shop.
During the summer several in
struments have been added to the
department. They were made by
Gurley of Troy, Buff and Burger,
and 11. Lietz of San Francisco.
Professor Albert \V. Smith's new
book, "Materials of Machines,"
published by Wiley and Sons, has
just been received at the Univer
sity. It is a revision and enlarge
ment of Professor Smith's privately
published "Constructive Materials."
Professor Fish has completely
recovered from his protracted ill
ness and returns to his work this
semester.
In order to make room for the
increased number of students in
the Pattern-making class,the parti
tions are being torn out of the pat
tern shop.
During the summer several in
struments have been added to the
department. They were made by
Gurley of Troy, Buff and Burger,
and 11. Lietz of San Francisco.
Professor Albert \V. Smith's new
book, "Materials of Machines,"
published by Wiley and Sons, has
just been received at the Univer
sity. It is a revision and enlarge
ment of Professor Smith's privately
published "Constructive Materials."
Professor Fish has completely
recovered from his protracted ill
ness and returns to his work this
semester.
In order to make room for the
increased number of students in
the Pattern-making class,the parti
tions are being torn out of the pat
tern shop.
During the summer several in
struments have been added to the
department. They were made by
Gurley of Troy, Buff and Burger,
and 11. Lietz of San Francisco.
Professor Albert \V. Smith's new
book, "Materials of Machines,"
published by Wiley and Sons, has
just been received at the Univer
sity. It is a revision and enlarge
ment of Professor Smith's privately
published "Constructive Materials."
Professor Fish has completely
recovered from his protracted ill
ness and returns to his work this
semester.
In order to make room for the
increased number of students in
the Pattern-making class,the parti
tions are being torn out of the pat
tern shop.
During the summer several in
struments have been added to the
department. They were made by
Gurley of Troy, Buff and Burger,
and 11. Lietz of San Francisco.
Professor Albert \V. Smith's new
book, "Materials of Machines,"
published by Wiley and Sons, has
just been received at the Univer
sity. It is a revision and enlarge
ment of Professor Smith's privately
published "Constructive Materials."
Professor Fish has completely
recovered from his protracted ill
ness and returns to his work this
semester.
In order to make room for the
increased number of students in
the Pattern-making class,the parti
tions are being torn out of the pat
tern shop.
During the summer several in
struments have been added to the
department. They were made by
Gurley of Troy, Buff and Burger,
and 11. Lietz of San Francisco.
Professor Albert \V. Smith's new
book, "Materials of Machines,"
published by Wiley and Sons, has
just been received at the Univer
sity. It is a revision and enlarge
ment of Professor Smith's privately
published "Constructive Materials."
Professor Fish has completely
recovered from his protracted ill
ness and returns to his work this
semester.
In order to make room for the
increased number of students in
the Pattern-making class,the parti
tions are being torn out of the pat
tern shop.
During the summer several in
struments have been added to the
department. They were made by
Gurley of Troy, Buff and Burger,
and 11. Lietz of San Francisco.
Professor Albert \V. Smith's new
book, "Materials of Machines,"
published by Wiley and Sons, has
just been received at the Univer
sity. It is a revision and enlarge
ment of Professor Smith's privately
published "Constructive Materials."
