# "Pirate for a Day" Breaks Seat Sale Records for Year
## 
### 
"A Pirate For a Day" has, like all
previous Junior musical productions,
carried away the honors for having
the largest seat sale of the year.
There are a few fifty cont seats only
left at the Bookstore and at; Wein
gartners.
Dick Maddox, '18, who plays the
leading role, takes the part of the
supposedly sick American, who is in
search of excitement more than
health, to perfection. Miss Isabelle
Young, with her high soprano voice
and grace, makes the leading fem
inine character a worthy partner for
Dick Maddock.
As the sister of the leading man,
Betty Barroll is thoroughly suited to
the part. One of the songs, "In
Port Limon," is one .Miss Harroll fea
tures.
Dress rehearsal will be held Wed
nesday night and all persons who are
unable to lie here for the main pro
duction. will be admitted for fifty
cents.
