# Exposition Slides in Tonight's Talk
## 
### 
Illustrated with about fifty slides,
tonight's lecture in the Little Theater
at 7:30 will he given by Professor H.
11. Fairclough of the Latin department.
The subject, as announced, is "City
Planning in Ancient Rome; with Some
Modern Applications."
Professor Fairclough, who is an as
sociate secretary of the Archaeological
Institute of America, a former presi
dent of the Pacific Coast Branch of
the American Philological Association,
and a frequent contributor to maga
zines and reviews on Latin subjects,
has made a particular study of ancient
city planning in Rome, and the use of
the principles established there in
modern times.
The lecturer will show about fifty
stereopticon slides of the city of Rome,
a comprehensive plan for which was
first worked out by Julius Caesar, and
of the recent exposition, to show the
application of the Roman principles to
California.
