# Filing Deadline Set For Vaccination Slips
## 
### 
All students registered for the
first time this quarter must file
vaccination certificates at teh
Registrar's Office, Inner Quad, by
4:30 p.m. Monday.
Failure to file certificates by
this time will result in a $2 fine.
If they are not filed by Feb. 8,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
All students registered for the
first time this quarter must file
vaccination certificates at teh
Registrar's Office, Inner Quad, by
4:30 p.m. Monday.
Failure to file certificates by
this time will result in a $2 fine.
If they are not filed by Feb. 8,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
All students registered for the
first time this quarter must file
vaccination certificates at teh
Registrar's Office, Inner Quad, by
4:30 p.m. Monday.
Failure to file certificates by
this time will result in a $2 fine.
If they are not filed by Feb. 8,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
All students registered for the
first time this quarter must file
vaccination certificates at teh
Registrar's Office, Inner Quad, by
4:30 p.m. Monday.
Failure to file certificates by
this time will result in a $2 fine.
If they are not filed by Feb. 8,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
All students registered for the
first time this quarter must file
vaccination certificates at teh
Registrar's Office, Inner Quad, by
4:30 p.m. Monday.
Failure to file certificates by
this time will result in a $2 fine.
If they are not filed by Feb. 8,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
All students registered for the
first time this quarter must file
vaccination certificates at teh
Registrar's Office, Inner Quad, by
4:30 p.m. Monday.
Failure to file certificates by
this time will result in a $2 fine.
If they are not filed by Feb. 8,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
All students registered for the
first time this quarter must file
vaccination certificates at teh
Registrar's Office, Inner Quad, by
4:30 p.m. Monday.
Failure to file certificates by
this time will result in a $2 fine.
If they are not filed by Feb. 8,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
All students registered for the
first time this quarter must file
vaccination certificates at teh
Registrar's Office, Inner Quad, by
4:30 p.m. Monday.
Failure to file certificates by
this time will result in a $2 fine.
If they are not filed by Feb. 8,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
All students registered for the
first time this quarter must file
vaccination certificates at teh
Registrar's Office, Inner Quad, by
4:30 p.m. Monday.
Failure to file certificates by
this time will result in a $2 fine.
If they are not filed by Feb. 8,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
All students registered for the
first time this quarter must file
vaccination certificates at teh
Registrar's Office, Inner Quad, by
4:30 p.m. Monday.
Failure to file certificates by
this time will result in a $2 fine.
If they are not filed by Feb. 8,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
All students registered for the
first time this quarter must file
vaccination certificates at teh
Registrar's Office, Inner Quad, by
4:30 p.m. Monday.
Failure to file certificates by
this time will result in a $2 fine.
If they are not filed by Feb. 8,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
All students registered for the
first time this quarter must file
vaccination certificates at teh
Registrar's Office, Inner Quad, by
4:30 p.m. Monday.
Failure to file certificates by
this time will result in a $2 fine.
If they are not filed by Feb. 8,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
All students registered for the
first time this quarter must file
vaccination certificates at teh
Registrar's Office, Inner Quad, by
4:30 p.m. Monday.
Failure to file certificates by
this time will result in a $2 fine.
If they are not filed by Feb. 8,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
All students registered for the
first time this quarter must file
vaccination certificates at teh
Registrar's Office, Inner Quad, by
4:30 p.m. Monday.
Failure to file certificates by
this time will result in a $2 fine.
If they are not filed by Feb. 8,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
