# Chemistry
## 
### 
Dr. George Parks: I have had the
feeling that probably such an ar
rangement might be quite satisfac
tory in advanced upper division
courses, but it might prove imprac
tical in large classes of the lower
division type, where students have
riot been exposed to the Stanford
traditions, and there is so much
grading on class average. Also, in
the science departments we often
give additional information or clari
fication during the exam.
Dr. George Parks: I have had the
feeling that probably such an ar
rangement might be quite satisfac
tory in advanced upper division
courses, but it might prove imprac
tical in large classes of the lower
division type, where students have
riot been exposed to the Stanford
traditions, and there is so much
grading on class average. Also, in
the science departments we often
give additional information or clari
fication during the exam.
Dr. George Parks: I have had the
feeling that probably such an ar
rangement might be quite satisfac
tory in advanced upper division
courses, but it might prove imprac
tical in large classes of the lower
division type, where students have
riot been exposed to the Stanford
traditions, and there is so much
grading on class average. Also, in
the science departments we often
give additional information or clari
fication during the exam.
Dr. George Parks: I have had the
feeling that probably such an ar
rangement might be quite satisfac
tory in advanced upper division
courses, but it might prove imprac
tical in large classes of the lower
division type, where students have
riot been exposed to the Stanford
traditions, and there is so much
grading on class average. Also, in
the science departments we often
give additional information or clari
fication during the exam.
Dr. George Parks: I have had the
feeling that probably such an ar
rangement might be quite satisfac
tory in advanced upper division
courses, but it might prove imprac
tical in large classes of the lower
division type, where students have
riot been exposed to the Stanford
traditions, and there is so much
grading on class average. Also, in
the science departments we often
give additional information or clari
fication during the exam.
Dr. George Parks: I have had the
feeling that probably such an ar
rangement might be quite satisfac
tory in advanced upper division
courses, but it might prove imprac
tical in large classes of the lower
division type, where students have
riot been exposed to the Stanford
traditions, and there is so much
grading on class average. Also, in
the science departments we often
give additional information or clari
fication during the exam.
Dr. George Parks: I have had the
feeling that probably such an ar
rangement might be quite satisfac
tory in advanced upper division
courses, but it might prove imprac
tical in large classes of the lower
division type, where students have
riot been exposed to the Stanford
traditions, and there is so much
grading on class average. Also, in
the science departments we often
give additional information or clari
fication during the exam.
Dr. George Parks: I have had the
feeling that probably such an ar
rangement might be quite satisfac
tory in advanced upper division
courses, but it might prove imprac
tical in large classes of the lower
division type, where students have
riot been exposed to the Stanford
traditions, and there is so much
grading on class average. Also, in
the science departments we often
give additional information or clari
fication during the exam.
Dr. George Parks: I have had the
feeling that probably such an ar
rangement might be quite satisfac
tory in advanced upper division
courses, but it might prove imprac
tical in large classes of the lower
division type, where students have
riot been exposed to the Stanford
traditions, and there is so much
grading on class average. Also, in
the science departments we often
give additional information or clari
fication during the exam.
Dr. George Parks: I have had the
feeling that probably such an ar
rangement might be quite satisfac
tory in advanced upper division
courses, but it might prove imprac
tical in large classes of the lower
division type, where students have
riot been exposed to the Stanford
traditions, and there is so much
grading on class average. Also, in
the science departments we often
give additional information or clari
fication during the exam.
Dr. George Parks: I have had the
feeling that probably such an ar
rangement might be quite satisfac
tory in advanced upper division
courses, but it might prove imprac
tical in large classes of the lower
division type, where students have
riot been exposed to the Stanford
traditions, and there is so much
grading on class average. Also, in
the science departments we often
give additional information or clari
fication during the exam.
Dr. George Parks: I have had the
feeling that probably such an ar
rangement might be quite satisfac
tory in advanced upper division
courses, but it might prove imprac
tical in large classes of the lower
division type, where students have
riot been exposed to the Stanford
traditions, and there is so much
grading on class average. Also, in
the science departments we often
give additional information or clari
fication during the exam.
Dr. George Parks: I have had the
feeling that probably such an ar
rangement might be quite satisfac
tory in advanced upper division
courses, but it might prove imprac
tical in large classes of the lower
division type, where students have
riot been exposed to the Stanford
traditions, and there is so much
grading on class average. Also, in
the science departments we often
give additional information or clari
fication during the exam.
Dr. George Parks: I have had the
feeling that probably such an ar
rangement might be quite satisfac
tory in advanced upper division
courses, but it might prove imprac
tical in large classes of the lower
division type, where students have
riot been exposed to the Stanford
traditions, and there is so much
grading on class average. Also, in
the science departments we often
give additional information or clari
fication during the exam.
