# Old Boy 'Bursts Forth' Today With First 1954 Chaparral
## 
### 
It's out today! After six weeks of
holding back and collecting moun
tains of jokes, the Old Boy bursts
forth this morning with his first
1954 issue of the Chaparral.
According to Editor 'A 1 Ambler
January's no-theme edition will be
full of racy and raunchy humor
collected over the Christmas vaca
tion and the first four weeks of
winter quarter.
Short stories in the magazine are
"Passport to Palo Alto," "Opera
tion Snowdrift," "Pride of the Air
Force," and "Bridgemanship."
Special art features this month

arc "Introduction to the Bottle" by
Eileen Conaghan, "Take Care of My
Little Girl" by M. K. Gibson, and
a large center-spread photo feature
on fraternities.
The Old Boy admonishes all stu
dents that this month's 40-pager is
one of his special "get-yours- be
fore-the-dean-gets-his" issues, and
urges all students to buy theirs
early.
The Chappie will be on sale at the
Enginering and History corners and
in front of the library and post of
fice for 30 cents.
It's out today! After six weeks of
holding back and collecting moun
tains of jokes, the Old Boy bursts
forth this morning with his first
1954 issue of the Chaparral.
According to Editor 'A 1 Ambler
January's no-theme edition will be
full of racy and raunchy humor
collected over the Christmas vaca
tion and the first four weeks of
winter quarter.
Short stories in the magazine are
"Passport to Palo Alto," "Opera
tion Snowdrift," "Pride of the Air
Force," and "Bridgemanship."
Special art features this month

arc "Introduction to the Bottle" by
Eileen Conaghan, "Take Care of My
Little Girl" by M. K. Gibson, and
a large center-spread photo feature
on fraternities.
The Old Boy admonishes all stu
dents that this month's 40-pager is
one of his special "get-yours- be
fore-the-dean-gets-his" issues, and
urges all students to buy theirs
early.
The Chappie will be on sale at the
Enginering and History corners and
in front of the library and post of
fice for 30 cents.
It's out today! After six weeks of
holding back and collecting moun
tains of jokes, the Old Boy bursts
forth this morning with his first
1954 issue of the Chaparral.
According to Editor 'A 1 Ambler
January's no-theme edition will be
full of racy and raunchy humor
collected over the Christmas vaca
tion and the first four weeks of
winter quarter.
Short stories in the magazine are
"Passport to Palo Alto," "Opera
tion Snowdrift," "Pride of the Air
Force," and "Bridgemanship."
Special art features this month

arc "Introduction to the Bottle" by
Eileen Conaghan, "Take Care of My
Little Girl" by M. K. Gibson, and
a large center-spread photo feature
on fraternities.
The Old Boy admonishes all stu
dents that this month's 40-pager is
one of his special "get-yours- be
fore-the-dean-gets-his" issues, and
urges all students to buy theirs
early.
The Chappie will be on sale at the
Enginering and History corners and
in front of the library and post of
fice for 30 cents.
It's out today! After six weeks of
holding back and collecting moun
tains of jokes, the Old Boy bursts
forth this morning with his first
1954 issue of the Chaparral.
According to Editor 'A 1 Ambler
January's no-theme edition will be
full of racy and raunchy humor
collected over the Christmas vaca
tion and the first four weeks of
winter quarter.
Short stories in the magazine are
"Passport to Palo Alto," "Opera
tion Snowdrift," "Pride of the Air
Force," and "Bridgemanship."
Special art features this month

arc "Introduction to the Bottle" by
Eileen Conaghan, "Take Care of My
Little Girl" by M. K. Gibson, and
a large center-spread photo feature
on fraternities.
The Old Boy admonishes all stu
dents that this month's 40-pager is
one of his special "get-yours- be
fore-the-dean-gets-his" issues, and
urges all students to buy theirs
early.
The Chappie will be on sale at the
Enginering and History corners and
in front of the library and post of
fice for 30 cents.
It's out today! After six weeks of
holding back and collecting moun
tains of jokes, the Old Boy bursts
forth this morning with his first
1954 issue of the Chaparral.
According to Editor 'A 1 Ambler
January's no-theme edition will be
full of racy and raunchy humor
collected over the Christmas vaca
tion and the first four weeks of
winter quarter.
Short stories in the magazine are
"Passport to Palo Alto," "Opera
tion Snowdrift," "Pride of the Air
Force," and "Bridgemanship."
Special art features this month

arc "Introduction to the Bottle" by
Eileen Conaghan, "Take Care of My
Little Girl" by M. K. Gibson, and
a large center-spread photo feature
on fraternities.
The Old Boy admonishes all stu
dents that this month's 40-pager is
one of his special "get-yours- be
fore-the-dean-gets-his" issues, and
urges all students to buy theirs
early.
The Chappie will be on sale at the
Enginering and History corners and
in front of the library and post of
fice for 30 cents.
It's out today! After six weeks of
holding back and collecting moun
tains of jokes, the Old Boy bursts
forth this morning with his first
1954 issue of the Chaparral.
According to Editor 'A 1 Ambler
January's no-theme edition will be
full of racy and raunchy humor
collected over the Christmas vaca
tion and the first four weeks of
winter quarter.
Short stories in the magazine are
"Passport to Palo Alto," "Opera
tion Snowdrift," "Pride of the Air
Force," and "Bridgemanship."
Special art features this month

arc "Introduction to the Bottle" by
Eileen Conaghan, "Take Care of My
Little Girl" by M. K. Gibson, and
a large center-spread photo feature
on fraternities.
The Old Boy admonishes all stu
dents that this month's 40-pager is
one of his special "get-yours- be
fore-the-dean-gets-his" issues, and
urges all students to buy theirs
early.
The Chappie will be on sale at the
Enginering and History corners and
in front of the library and post of
fice for 30 cents.
It's out today! After six weeks of
holding back and collecting moun
tains of jokes, the Old Boy bursts
forth this morning with his first
1954 issue of the Chaparral.
According to Editor 'A 1 Ambler
January's no-theme edition will be
full of racy and raunchy humor
collected over the Christmas vaca
tion and the first four weeks of
winter quarter.
Short stories in the magazine are
"Passport to Palo Alto," "Opera
tion Snowdrift," "Pride of the Air
Force," and "Bridgemanship."
Special art features this month

arc "Introduction to the Bottle" by
Eileen Conaghan, "Take Care of My
Little Girl" by M. K. Gibson, and
a large center-spread photo feature
on fraternities.
The Old Boy admonishes all stu
dents that this month's 40-pager is
one of his special "get-yours- be
fore-the-dean-gets-his" issues, and
urges all students to buy theirs
early.
The Chappie will be on sale at the
Enginering and History corners and
in front of the library and post of
fice for 30 cents.
It's out today! After six weeks of
holding back and collecting moun
tains of jokes, the Old Boy bursts
forth this morning with his first
1954 issue of the Chaparral.
According to Editor 'A 1 Ambler
January's no-theme edition will be
full of racy and raunchy humor
collected over the Christmas vaca
tion and the first four weeks of
winter quarter.
Short stories in the magazine are
"Passport to Palo Alto," "Opera
tion Snowdrift," "Pride of the Air
Force," and "Bridgemanship."
Special art features this month

arc "Introduction to the Bottle" by
Eileen Conaghan, "Take Care of My
Little Girl" by M. K. Gibson, and
a large center-spread photo feature
on fraternities.
The Old Boy admonishes all stu
dents that this month's 40-pager is
one of his special "get-yours- be
fore-the-dean-gets-his" issues, and
urges all students to buy theirs
early.
The Chappie will be on sale at the
Enginering and History corners and
in front of the library and post of
fice for 30 cents.
It's out today! After six weeks of
holding back and collecting moun
tains of jokes, the Old Boy bursts
forth this morning with his first
1954 issue of the Chaparral.
According to Editor 'A 1 Ambler
January's no-theme edition will be
full of racy and raunchy humor
collected over the Christmas vaca
tion and the first four weeks of
winter quarter.
Short stories in the magazine are
"Passport to Palo Alto," "Opera
tion Snowdrift," "Pride of the Air
Force," and "Bridgemanship."
Special art features this month

arc "Introduction to the Bottle" by
Eileen Conaghan, "Take Care of My
Little Girl" by M. K. Gibson, and
a large center-spread photo feature
on fraternities.
The Old Boy admonishes all stu
dents that this month's 40-pager is
one of his special "get-yours- be
fore-the-dean-gets-his" issues, and
urges all students to buy theirs
early.
The Chappie will be on sale at the
Enginering and History corners and
in front of the library and post of
fice for 30 cents.
It's out today! After six weeks of
holding back and collecting moun
tains of jokes, the Old Boy bursts
forth this morning with his first
1954 issue of the Chaparral.
According to Editor 'A 1 Ambler
January's no-theme edition will be
full of racy and raunchy humor
collected over the Christmas vaca
tion and the first four weeks of
winter quarter.
Short stories in the magazine are
"Passport to Palo Alto," "Opera
tion Snowdrift," "Pride of the Air
Force," and "Bridgemanship."
Special art features this month

arc "Introduction to the Bottle" by
Eileen Conaghan, "Take Care of My
Little Girl" by M. K. Gibson, and
a large center-spread photo feature
on fraternities.
The Old Boy admonishes all stu
dents that this month's 40-pager is
one of his special "get-yours- be
fore-the-dean-gets-his" issues, and
urges all students to buy theirs
early.
The Chappie will be on sale at the
Enginering and History corners and
in front of the library and post of
fice for 30 cents.
It's out today! After six weeks of
holding back and collecting moun
tains of jokes, the Old Boy bursts
forth this morning with his first
1954 issue of the Chaparral.
According to Editor 'A 1 Ambler
January's no-theme edition will be
full of racy and raunchy humor
collected over the Christmas vaca
tion and the first four weeks of
winter quarter.
Short stories in the magazine are
"Passport to Palo Alto," "Opera
tion Snowdrift," "Pride of the Air
Force," and "Bridgemanship."
Special art features this month

arc "Introduction to the Bottle" by
Eileen Conaghan, "Take Care of My
Little Girl" by M. K. Gibson, and
a large center-spread photo feature
on fraternities.
The Old Boy admonishes all stu
dents that this month's 40-pager is
one of his special "get-yours- be
fore-the-dean-gets-his" issues, and
urges all students to buy theirs
early.
The Chappie will be on sale at the
Enginering and History corners and
in front of the library and post of
fice for 30 cents.
It's out today! After six weeks of
holding back and collecting moun
tains of jokes, the Old Boy bursts
forth this morning with his first
1954 issue of the Chaparral.
According to Editor 'A 1 Ambler
January's no-theme edition will be
full of racy and raunchy humor
collected over the Christmas vaca
tion and the first four weeks of
winter quarter.
Short stories in the magazine are
"Passport to Palo Alto," "Opera
tion Snowdrift," "Pride of the Air
Force," and "Bridgemanship."
Special art features this month

arc "Introduction to the Bottle" by
Eileen Conaghan, "Take Care of My
Little Girl" by M. K. Gibson, and
a large center-spread photo feature
on fraternities.
The Old Boy admonishes all stu
dents that this month's 40-pager is
one of his special "get-yours- be
fore-the-dean-gets-his" issues, and
urges all students to buy theirs
early.
The Chappie will be on sale at the
Enginering and History corners and
in front of the library and post of
fice for 30 cents.
It's out today! After six weeks of
holding back and collecting moun
tains of jokes, the Old Boy bursts
forth this morning with his first
1954 issue of the Chaparral.
According to Editor 'A 1 Ambler
January's no-theme edition will be
full of racy and raunchy humor
collected over the Christmas vaca
tion and the first four weeks of
winter quarter.
Short stories in the magazine are
"Passport to Palo Alto," "Opera
tion Snowdrift," "Pride of the Air
Force," and "Bridgemanship."
Special art features this month

arc "Introduction to the Bottle" by
Eileen Conaghan, "Take Care of My
Little Girl" by M. K. Gibson, and
a large center-spread photo feature
on fraternities.
The Old Boy admonishes all stu
dents that this month's 40-pager is
one of his special "get-yours- be
fore-the-dean-gets-his" issues, and
urges all students to buy theirs
early.
The Chappie will be on sale at the
Enginering and History corners and
in front of the library and post of
fice for 30 cents.
It's out today! After six weeks of
holding back and collecting moun
tains of jokes, the Old Boy bursts
forth this morning with his first
1954 issue of the Chaparral.
According to Editor 'A 1 Ambler
January's no-theme edition will be
full of racy and raunchy humor
collected over the Christmas vaca
tion and the first four weeks of
winter quarter.
Short stories in the magazine are
"Passport to Palo Alto," "Opera
tion Snowdrift," "Pride of the Air
Force," and "Bridgemanship."
Special art features this month

arc "Introduction to the Bottle" by
Eileen Conaghan, "Take Care of My
Little Girl" by M. K. Gibson, and
a large center-spread photo feature
on fraternities.
The Old Boy admonishes all stu
dents that this month's 40-pager is
one of his special "get-yours- be
fore-the-dean-gets-his" issues, and
urges all students to buy theirs
early.
The Chappie will be on sale at the
Enginering and History corners and
in front of the library and post of
fice for 30 cents.
