# Roble Chicks Plan Soph 'Hen Party'
## 
### 
Roble's version of old home week
will take place from 8 to 9 tonight
when sophomores wiio lived in Ro
ble last year return for a "Hen
Party," sponsored by this year's
freshmen.
Freshmen have written invita
tions to the sophomores who occu
pied their rooms last year to ask
them back to Roble for an hour of
visiting old corridor-mates and for
mer rooms, plus refreshments.
Roble's version of old home week
will take place from 8 to 9 tonight
when sophomores wiio lived in Ro
ble last year return for a "Hen
Party," sponsored by this year's
freshmen.
Freshmen have written invita
tions to the sophomores who occu
pied their rooms last year to ask
them back to Roble for an hour of
visiting old corridor-mates and for
mer rooms, plus refreshments.
Roble's version of old home week
will take place from 8 to 9 tonight
when sophomores wiio lived in Ro
ble last year return for a "Hen
Party," sponsored by this year's
freshmen.
Freshmen have written invita
tions to the sophomores who occu
pied their rooms last year to ask
them back to Roble for an hour of
visiting old corridor-mates and for
mer rooms, plus refreshments.
Roble's version of old home week
will take place from 8 to 9 tonight
when sophomores wiio lived in Ro
ble last year return for a "Hen
Party," sponsored by this year's
freshmen.
Freshmen have written invita
tions to the sophomores who occu
pied their rooms last year to ask
them back to Roble for an hour of
visiting old corridor-mates and for
mer rooms, plus refreshments.
Roble's version of old home week
will take place from 8 to 9 tonight
when sophomores wiio lived in Ro
ble last year return for a "Hen
Party," sponsored by this year's
freshmen.
Freshmen have written invita
tions to the sophomores who occu
pied their rooms last year to ask
them back to Roble for an hour of
visiting old corridor-mates and for
mer rooms, plus refreshments.
Roble's version of old home week
will take place from 8 to 9 tonight
when sophomores wiio lived in Ro
ble last year return for a "Hen
Party," sponsored by this year's
freshmen.
Freshmen have written invita
tions to the sophomores who occu
pied their rooms last year to ask
them back to Roble for an hour of
visiting old corridor-mates and for
mer rooms, plus refreshments.
Roble's version of old home week
will take place from 8 to 9 tonight
when sophomores wiio lived in Ro
ble last year return for a "Hen
Party," sponsored by this year's
freshmen.
Freshmen have written invita
tions to the sophomores who occu
pied their rooms last year to ask
them back to Roble for an hour of
visiting old corridor-mates and for
mer rooms, plus refreshments.
Roble's version of old home week
will take place from 8 to 9 tonight
when sophomores wiio lived in Ro
ble last year return for a "Hen
Party," sponsored by this year's
freshmen.
Freshmen have written invita
tions to the sophomores who occu
pied their rooms last year to ask
them back to Roble for an hour of
visiting old corridor-mates and for
mer rooms, plus refreshments.
Roble's version of old home week
will take place from 8 to 9 tonight
when sophomores wiio lived in Ro
ble last year return for a "Hen
Party," sponsored by this year's
freshmen.
Freshmen have written invita
tions to the sophomores who occu
pied their rooms last year to ask
them back to Roble for an hour of
visiting old corridor-mates and for
mer rooms, plus refreshments.
Roble's version of old home week
will take place from 8 to 9 tonight
when sophomores wiio lived in Ro
ble last year return for a "Hen
Party," sponsored by this year's
freshmen.
Freshmen have written invita
tions to the sophomores who occu
pied their rooms last year to ask
them back to Roble for an hour of
visiting old corridor-mates and for
mer rooms, plus refreshments.
Roble's version of old home week
will take place from 8 to 9 tonight
when sophomores wiio lived in Ro
ble last year return for a "Hen
Party," sponsored by this year's
freshmen.
Freshmen have written invita
tions to the sophomores who occu
pied their rooms last year to ask
them back to Roble for an hour of
visiting old corridor-mates and for
mer rooms, plus refreshments.
Roble's version of old home week
will take place from 8 to 9 tonight
when sophomores wiio lived in Ro
ble last year return for a "Hen
Party," sponsored by this year's
freshmen.
Freshmen have written invita
tions to the sophomores who occu
pied their rooms last year to ask
them back to Roble for an hour of
visiting old corridor-mates and for
mer rooms, plus refreshments.
Roble's version of old home week
will take place from 8 to 9 tonight
when sophomores wiio lived in Ro
ble last year return for a "Hen
Party," sponsored by this year's
freshmen.
Freshmen have written invita
tions to the sophomores who occu
pied their rooms last year to ask
them back to Roble for an hour of
visiting old corridor-mates and for
mer rooms, plus refreshments.
Roble's version of old home week
will take place from 8 to 9 tonight
when sophomores wiio lived in Ro
ble last year return for a "Hen
Party," sponsored by this year's
freshmen.
Freshmen have written invita
tions to the sophomores who occu
pied their rooms last year to ask
them back to Roble for an hour of
visiting old corridor-mates and for
mer rooms, plus refreshments.
