# Frosh, Cal Water Poloists Tangle
## 
### 
In the first of a two-game series,
the Stanford freshman water polo
team will face California at Berke
ley tomorrow morning at 10, as a
preliminary to the varsity fracas.
Slighlly favored over the Farm
yearlings, the Cal freshmen paid
their own way down South two
weeks ago and trounced U.S.C., 19-5,
and U.C.L.A., IG-4. A victory over
Stanford would give them the unof
ficial Coast freshman championship.
In the first of a two-game series,
the Stanford freshman water polo
team will face California at Berke
ley tomorrow morning at 10, as a
preliminary to the varsity fracas.
Slighlly favored over the Farm
yearlings, the Cal freshmen paid
their own way down South two
weeks ago and trounced U.S.C., 19-5,
and U.C.L.A., IG-4. A victory over
Stanford would give them the unof
ficial Coast freshman championship.
In the first of a two-game series,
the Stanford freshman water polo
team will face California at Berke
ley tomorrow morning at 10, as a
preliminary to the varsity fracas.
Slighlly favored over the Farm
yearlings, the Cal freshmen paid
their own way down South two
weeks ago and trounced U.S.C., 19-5,
and U.C.L.A., IG-4. A victory over
Stanford would give them the unof
ficial Coast freshman championship.
In the first of a two-game series,
the Stanford freshman water polo
team will face California at Berke
ley tomorrow morning at 10, as a
preliminary to the varsity fracas.
Slighlly favored over the Farm
yearlings, the Cal freshmen paid
their own way down South two
weeks ago and trounced U.S.C., 19-5,
and U.C.L.A., IG-4. A victory over
Stanford would give them the unof
ficial Coast freshman championship.
In the first of a two-game series,
the Stanford freshman water polo
team will face California at Berke
ley tomorrow morning at 10, as a
preliminary to the varsity fracas.
Slighlly favored over the Farm
yearlings, the Cal freshmen paid
their own way down South two
weeks ago and trounced U.S.C., 19-5,
and U.C.L.A., IG-4. A victory over
Stanford would give them the unof
ficial Coast freshman championship.
In the first of a two-game series,
the Stanford freshman water polo
team will face California at Berke
ley tomorrow morning at 10, as a
preliminary to the varsity fracas.
Slighlly favored over the Farm
yearlings, the Cal freshmen paid
their own way down South two
weeks ago and trounced U.S.C., 19-5,
and U.C.L.A., IG-4. A victory over
Stanford would give them the unof
ficial Coast freshman championship.
In the first of a two-game series,
the Stanford freshman water polo
team will face California at Berke
ley tomorrow morning at 10, as a
preliminary to the varsity fracas.
Slighlly favored over the Farm
yearlings, the Cal freshmen paid
their own way down South two
weeks ago and trounced U.S.C., 19-5,
and U.C.L.A., IG-4. A victory over
Stanford would give them the unof
ficial Coast freshman championship.
In the first of a two-game series,
the Stanford freshman water polo
team will face California at Berke
ley tomorrow morning at 10, as a
preliminary to the varsity fracas.
Slighlly favored over the Farm
yearlings, the Cal freshmen paid
their own way down South two
weeks ago and trounced U.S.C., 19-5,
and U.C.L.A., IG-4. A victory over
Stanford would give them the unof
ficial Coast freshman championship.
In the first of a two-game series,
the Stanford freshman water polo
team will face California at Berke
ley tomorrow morning at 10, as a
preliminary to the varsity fracas.
Slighlly favored over the Farm
yearlings, the Cal freshmen paid
their own way down South two
weeks ago and trounced U.S.C., 19-5,
and U.C.L.A., IG-4. A victory over
Stanford would give them the unof
ficial Coast freshman championship.
In the first of a two-game series,
the Stanford freshman water polo
team will face California at Berke
ley tomorrow morning at 10, as a
preliminary to the varsity fracas.
Slighlly favored over the Farm
yearlings, the Cal freshmen paid
their own way down South two
weeks ago and trounced U.S.C., 19-5,
and U.C.L.A., IG-4. A victory over
Stanford would give them the unof
ficial Coast freshman championship.
In the first of a two-game series,
the Stanford freshman water polo
team will face California at Berke
ley tomorrow morning at 10, as a
preliminary to the varsity fracas.
Slighlly favored over the Farm
yearlings, the Cal freshmen paid
their own way down South two
weeks ago and trounced U.S.C., 19-5,
and U.C.L.A., IG-4. A victory over
Stanford would give them the unof
ficial Coast freshman championship.
In the first of a two-game series,
the Stanford freshman water polo
team will face California at Berke
ley tomorrow morning at 10, as a
preliminary to the varsity fracas.
Slighlly favored over the Farm
yearlings, the Cal freshmen paid
their own way down South two
weeks ago and trounced U.S.C., 19-5,
and U.C.L.A., IG-4. A victory over
Stanford would give them the unof
ficial Coast freshman championship.
In the first of a two-game series,
the Stanford freshman water polo
team will face California at Berke
ley tomorrow morning at 10, as a
preliminary to the varsity fracas.
Slighlly favored over the Farm
yearlings, the Cal freshmen paid
their own way down South two
weeks ago and trounced U.S.C., 19-5,
and U.C.L.A., IG-4. A victory over
Stanford would give them the unof
ficial Coast freshman championship.
In the first of a two-game series,
the Stanford freshman water polo
team will face California at Berke
ley tomorrow morning at 10, as a
preliminary to the varsity fracas.
Slighlly favored over the Farm
yearlings, the Cal freshmen paid
their own way down South two
weeks ago and trounced U.S.C., 19-5,
and U.C.L.A., IG-4. A victory over
Stanford would give them the unof
ficial Coast freshman championship.
In the first of a two-game series,
the Stanford freshman water polo
team will face California at Berke
ley tomorrow morning at 10, as a
preliminary to the varsity fracas.
Slighlly favored over the Farm
yearlings, the Cal freshmen paid
their own way down South two
weeks ago and trounced U.S.C., 19-5,
and U.C.L.A., IG-4. A victory over
Stanford would give them the unof
ficial Coast freshman championship.
In the first of a two-game series,
the Stanford freshman water polo
team will face California at Berke
ley tomorrow morning at 10, as a
preliminary to the varsity fracas.
Slighlly favored over the Farm
yearlings, the Cal freshmen paid
their own way down South two
weeks ago and trounced U.S.C., 19-5,
and U.C.L.A., IG-4. A victory over
Stanford would give them the unof
ficial Coast freshman championship.
In the first of a two-game series,
the Stanford freshman water polo
team will face California at Berke
ley tomorrow morning at 10, as a
preliminary to the varsity fracas.
Slighlly favored over the Farm
yearlings, the Cal freshmen paid
their own way down South two
weeks ago and trounced U.S.C., 19-5,
and U.C.L.A., IG-4. A victory over
Stanford would give them the unof
ficial Coast freshman championship.
In the first of a two-game series,
the Stanford freshman water polo
team will face California at Berke
ley tomorrow morning at 10, as a
preliminary to the varsity fracas.
Slighlly favored over the Farm
yearlings, the Cal freshmen paid
their own way down South two
weeks ago and trounced U.S.C., 19-5,
and U.C.L.A., IG-4. A victory over
Stanford would give them the unof
ficial Coast freshman championship.
