# Rushing Teas To Begin Today
## 
### 
Active sorority rushing gets un
derway today with the first of a
series of three informal rush teas
honoring freshman women and
transfers.
The nine Stanford sororities will |
entertain rushees from 3 to 5 this
afternoon, 7 to 9 on Saturday eve-*
ning, and 3 to 5 on Sunday, accord
ing to Barbara Rapp, Pan Hell
president. She stated that though

these are rush teas, they will be
informal and Quad clothes and name
Lags are in order. She also urged
the rushees not to be reticent about
coming early to the teas, as the
sororities would appreciate a better
distribution of guests throughout
the two-hour period.
These teas are invitational, and
Wednesday afternoon new women
who had registered for sorority
rushing called for their invitations
at the office of the Pan Hellenic
president in the Women's Clubhouse.
The schedule for attendance to the
teas has been arranged alphabet
ically in three groups so that a cer
tain group of women will go to three
designated sorority houses each day.
This schedule is the same that was
used for the open house teas, ac
cording to Pan Hell. It was included
in an instruction sheet which each
rushee received when she claimed
her invitations.
The rushing rules have been dras
tically revised this year and Pan
Hellenic Council is confident that it
will mean fewer complications and
Ipss work for rushees and sororities j
alike.
Active sorority rushing gets un
derway today with the first of a
series of three informal rush teas
honoring freshman women and
transfers.
The nine Stanford sororities will |
entertain rushees from 3 to 5 this
afternoon, 7 to 9 on Saturday eve-*
ning, and 3 to 5 on Sunday, accord
ing to Barbara Rapp, Pan Hell
president. She stated that though

these are rush teas, they will be
informal and Quad clothes and name
Lags are in order. She also urged
the rushees not to be reticent about
coming early to the teas, as the
sororities would appreciate a better
distribution of guests throughout
the two-hour period.
These teas are invitational, and
Wednesday afternoon new women
who had registered for sorority
rushing called for their invitations
at the office of the Pan Hellenic
president in the Women's Clubhouse.
The schedule for attendance to the
teas has been arranged alphabet
ically in three groups so that a cer
tain group of women will go to three
designated sorority houses each day.
This schedule is the same that was
used for the open house teas, ac
cording to Pan Hell. It was included
in an instruction sheet which each
rushee received when she claimed
her invitations.
The rushing rules have been dras
tically revised this year and Pan
Hellenic Council is confident that it
will mean fewer complications and
Ipss work for rushees and sororities j
alike.
Active sorority rushing gets un
derway today with the first of a
series of three informal rush teas
honoring freshman women and
transfers.
The nine Stanford sororities will |
entertain rushees from 3 to 5 this
afternoon, 7 to 9 on Saturday eve-*
ning, and 3 to 5 on Sunday, accord
ing to Barbara Rapp, Pan Hell
president. She stated that though

these are rush teas, they will be
informal and Quad clothes and name
Lags are in order. She also urged
the rushees not to be reticent about
coming early to the teas, as the
sororities would appreciate a better
distribution of guests throughout
the two-hour period.
These teas are invitational, and
Wednesday afternoon new women
who had registered for sorority
rushing called for their invitations
at the office of the Pan Hellenic
president in the Women's Clubhouse.
The schedule for attendance to the
teas has been arranged alphabet
ically in three groups so that a cer
tain group of women will go to three
designated sorority houses each day.
This schedule is the same that was
used for the open house teas, ac
cording to Pan Hell. It was included
in an instruction sheet which each
rushee received when she claimed
her invitations.
The rushing rules have been dras
tically revised this year and Pan
Hellenic Council is confident that it
will mean fewer complications and
Ipss work for rushees and sororities j
alike.
Active sorority rushing gets un
derway today with the first of a
series of three informal rush teas
honoring freshman women and
transfers.
The nine Stanford sororities will |
entertain rushees from 3 to 5 this
afternoon, 7 to 9 on Saturday eve-*
ning, and 3 to 5 on Sunday, accord
ing to Barbara Rapp, Pan Hell
president. She stated that though

these are rush teas, they will be
informal and Quad clothes and name
Lags are in order. She also urged
the rushees not to be reticent about
coming early to the teas, as the
sororities would appreciate a better
distribution of guests throughout
the two-hour period.
These teas are invitational, and
Wednesday afternoon new women
who had registered for sorority
rushing called for their invitations
at the office of the Pan Hellenic
president in the Women's Clubhouse.
The schedule for attendance to the
teas has been arranged alphabet
ically in three groups so that a cer
tain group of women will go to three
designated sorority houses each day.
This schedule is the same that was
used for the open house teas, ac
cording to Pan Hell. It was included
in an instruction sheet which each
rushee received when she claimed
her invitations.
The rushing rules have been dras
tically revised this year and Pan
Hellenic Council is confident that it
will mean fewer complications and
Ipss work for rushees and sororities j
alike.
Active sorority rushing gets un
derway today with the first of a
series of three informal rush teas
honoring freshman women and
transfers.
The nine Stanford sororities will |
entertain rushees from 3 to 5 this
afternoon, 7 to 9 on Saturday eve-*
ning, and 3 to 5 on Sunday, accord
ing to Barbara Rapp, Pan Hell
president. She stated that though

these are rush teas, they will be
informal and Quad clothes and name
Lags are in order. She also urged
the rushees not to be reticent about
coming early to the teas, as the
sororities would appreciate a better
distribution of guests throughout
the two-hour period.
These teas are invitational, and
Wednesday afternoon new women
who had registered for sorority
rushing called for their invitations
at the office of the Pan Hellenic
president in the Women's Clubhouse.
The schedule for attendance to the
teas has been arranged alphabet
ically in three groups so that a cer
tain group of women will go to three
designated sorority houses each day.
This schedule is the same that was
used for the open house teas, ac
cording to Pan Hell. It was included
in an instruction sheet which each
rushee received when she claimed
her invitations.
The rushing rules have been dras
tically revised this year and Pan
Hellenic Council is confident that it
will mean fewer complications and
Ipss work for rushees and sororities j
alike.
Active sorority rushing gets un
derway today with the first of a
series of three informal rush teas
honoring freshman women and
transfers.
The nine Stanford sororities will |
entertain rushees from 3 to 5 this
afternoon, 7 to 9 on Saturday eve-*
ning, and 3 to 5 on Sunday, accord
ing to Barbara Rapp, Pan Hell
president. She stated that though

these are rush teas, they will be
informal and Quad clothes and name
Lags are in order. She also urged
the rushees not to be reticent about
coming early to the teas, as the
sororities would appreciate a better
distribution of guests throughout
the two-hour period.
These teas are invitational, and
Wednesday afternoon new women
who had registered for sorority
rushing called for their invitations
at the office of the Pan Hellenic
president in the Women's Clubhouse.
The schedule for attendance to the
teas has been arranged alphabet
ically in three groups so that a cer
tain group of women will go to three
designated sorority houses each day.
This schedule is the same that was
used for the open house teas, ac
cording to Pan Hell. It was included
in an instruction sheet which each
rushee received when she claimed
her invitations.
The rushing rules have been dras
tically revised this year and Pan
Hellenic Council is confident that it
will mean fewer complications and
Ipss work for rushees and sororities j
alike.
Active sorority rushing gets un
derway today with the first of a
series of three informal rush teas
honoring freshman women and
transfers.
The nine Stanford sororities will |
entertain rushees from 3 to 5 this
afternoon, 7 to 9 on Saturday eve-*
ning, and 3 to 5 on Sunday, accord
ing to Barbara Rapp, Pan Hell
president. She stated that though

these are rush teas, they will be
informal and Quad clothes and name
Lags are in order. She also urged
the rushees not to be reticent about
coming early to the teas, as the
sororities would appreciate a better
distribution of guests throughout
the two-hour period.
These teas are invitational, and
Wednesday afternoon new women
who had registered for sorority
rushing called for their invitations
at the office of the Pan Hellenic
president in the Women's Clubhouse.
The schedule for attendance to the
teas has been arranged alphabet
ically in three groups so that a cer
tain group of women will go to three
designated sorority houses each day.
This schedule is the same that was
used for the open house teas, ac
cording to Pan Hell. It was included
in an instruction sheet which each
rushee received when she claimed
her invitations.
The rushing rules have been dras
tically revised this year and Pan
Hellenic Council is confident that it
will mean fewer complications and
Ipss work for rushees and sororities j
alike.
Active sorority rushing gets un
derway today with the first of a
series of three informal rush teas
honoring freshman women and
transfers.
The nine Stanford sororities will |
entertain rushees from 3 to 5 this
afternoon, 7 to 9 on Saturday eve-*
ning, and 3 to 5 on Sunday, accord
ing to Barbara Rapp, Pan Hell
president. She stated that though

these are rush teas, they will be
informal and Quad clothes and name
Lags are in order. She also urged
the rushees not to be reticent about
coming early to the teas, as the
sororities would appreciate a better
distribution of guests throughout
the two-hour period.
These teas are invitational, and
Wednesday afternoon new women
who had registered for sorority
rushing called for their invitations
at the office of the Pan Hellenic
president in the Women's Clubhouse.
The schedule for attendance to the
teas has been arranged alphabet
ically in three groups so that a cer
tain group of women will go to three
designated sorority houses each day.
This schedule is the same that was
used for the open house teas, ac
cording to Pan Hell. It was included
in an instruction sheet which each
rushee received when she claimed
her invitations.
The rushing rules have been dras
tically revised this year and Pan
Hellenic Council is confident that it
will mean fewer complications and
Ipss work for rushees and sororities j
alike.
Active sorority rushing gets un
derway today with the first of a
series of three informal rush teas
honoring freshman women and
transfers.
The nine Stanford sororities will |
entertain rushees from 3 to 5 this
afternoon, 7 to 9 on Saturday eve-*
ning, and 3 to 5 on Sunday, accord
ing to Barbara Rapp, Pan Hell
president. She stated that though

these are rush teas, they will be
informal and Quad clothes and name
Lags are in order. She also urged
the rushees not to be reticent about
coming early to the teas, as the
sororities would appreciate a better
distribution of guests throughout
the two-hour period.
These teas are invitational, and
Wednesday afternoon new women
who had registered for sorority
rushing called for their invitations
at the office of the Pan Hellenic
president in the Women's Clubhouse.
The schedule for attendance to the
teas has been arranged alphabet
ically in three groups so that a cer
tain group of women will go to three
designated sorority houses each day.
This schedule is the same that was
used for the open house teas, ac
cording to Pan Hell. It was included
in an instruction sheet which each
rushee received when she claimed
her invitations.
The rushing rules have been dras
tically revised this year and Pan
Hellenic Council is confident that it
will mean fewer complications and
Ipss work for rushees and sororities j
alike.
Active sorority rushing gets un
derway today with the first of a
series of three informal rush teas
honoring freshman women and
transfers.
The nine Stanford sororities will |
entertain rushees from 3 to 5 this
afternoon, 7 to 9 on Saturday eve-*
ning, and 3 to 5 on Sunday, accord
ing to Barbara Rapp, Pan Hell
president. She stated that though

these are rush teas, they will be
informal and Quad clothes and name
Lags are in order. She also urged
the rushees not to be reticent about
coming early to the teas, as the
sororities would appreciate a better
distribution of guests throughout
the two-hour period.
These teas are invitational, and
Wednesday afternoon new women
who had registered for sorority
rushing called for their invitations
at the office of the Pan Hellenic
president in the Women's Clubhouse.
The schedule for attendance to the
teas has been arranged alphabet
ically in three groups so that a cer
tain group of women will go to three
designated sorority houses each day.
This schedule is the same that was
used for the open house teas, ac
cording to Pan Hell. It was included
in an instruction sheet which each
rushee received when she claimed
her invitations.
The rushing rules have been dras
tically revised this year and Pan
Hellenic Council is confident that it
will mean fewer complications and
Ipss work for rushees and sororities j
alike.
Active sorority rushing gets un
derway today with the first of a
series of three informal rush teas
honoring freshman women and
transfers.
The nine Stanford sororities will |
entertain rushees from 3 to 5 this
afternoon, 7 to 9 on Saturday eve-*
ning, and 3 to 5 on Sunday, accord
ing to Barbara Rapp, Pan Hell
president. She stated that though

these are rush teas, they will be
informal and Quad clothes and name
Lags are in order. She also urged
the rushees not to be reticent about
coming early to the teas, as the
sororities would appreciate a better
distribution of guests throughout
the two-hour period.
These teas are invitational, and
Wednesday afternoon new women
who had registered for sorority
rushing called for their invitations
at the office of the Pan Hellenic
president in the Women's Clubhouse.
The schedule for attendance to the
teas has been arranged alphabet
ically in three groups so that a cer
tain group of women will go to three
designated sorority houses each day.
This schedule is the same that was
used for the open house teas, ac
cording to Pan Hell. It was included
in an instruction sheet which each
rushee received when she claimed
her invitations.
The rushing rules have been dras
tically revised this year and Pan
Hellenic Council is confident that it
will mean fewer complications and
Ipss work for rushees and sororities j
alike.
Active sorority rushing gets un
derway today with the first of a
series of three informal rush teas
honoring freshman women and
transfers.
The nine Stanford sororities will |
entertain rushees from 3 to 5 this
afternoon, 7 to 9 on Saturday eve-*
ning, and 3 to 5 on Sunday, accord
ing to Barbara Rapp, Pan Hell
president. She stated that though

these are rush teas, they will be
informal and Quad clothes and name
Lags are in order. She also urged
the rushees not to be reticent about
coming early to the teas, as the
sororities would appreciate a better
distribution of guests throughout
the two-hour period.
These teas are invitational, and
Wednesday afternoon new women
who had registered for sorority
rushing called for their invitations
at the office of the Pan Hellenic
president in the Women's Clubhouse.
The schedule for attendance to the
teas has been arranged alphabet
ically in three groups so that a cer
tain group of women will go to three
designated sorority houses each day.
This schedule is the same that was
used for the open house teas, ac
cording to Pan Hell. It was included
in an instruction sheet which each
rushee received when she claimed
her invitations.
The rushing rules have been dras
tically revised this year and Pan
Hellenic Council is confident that it
will mean fewer complications and
Ipss work for rushees and sororities j
alike.
Active sorority rushing gets un
derway today with the first of a
series of three informal rush teas
honoring freshman women and
transfers.
The nine Stanford sororities will |
entertain rushees from 3 to 5 this
afternoon, 7 to 9 on Saturday eve-*
ning, and 3 to 5 on Sunday, accord
ing to Barbara Rapp, Pan Hell
president. She stated that though

these are rush teas, they will be
informal and Quad clothes and name
Lags are in order. She also urged
the rushees not to be reticent about
coming early to the teas, as the
sororities would appreciate a better
distribution of guests throughout
the two-hour period.
These teas are invitational, and
Wednesday afternoon new women
who had registered for sorority
rushing called for their invitations
at the office of the Pan Hellenic
president in the Women's Clubhouse.
The schedule for attendance to the
teas has been arranged alphabet
ically in three groups so that a cer
tain group of women will go to three
designated sorority houses each day.
This schedule is the same that was
used for the open house teas, ac
cording to Pan Hell. It was included
in an instruction sheet which each
rushee received when she claimed
her invitations.
The rushing rules have been dras
tically revised this year and Pan
Hellenic Council is confident that it
will mean fewer complications and
Ipss work for rushees and sororities j
alike.
Active sorority rushing gets un
derway today with the first of a
series of three informal rush teas
honoring freshman women and
transfers.
The nine Stanford sororities will |
entertain rushees from 3 to 5 this
afternoon, 7 to 9 on Saturday eve-*
ning, and 3 to 5 on Sunday, accord
ing to Barbara Rapp, Pan Hell
president. She stated that though

these are rush teas, they will be
informal and Quad clothes and name
Lags are in order. She also urged
the rushees not to be reticent about
coming early to the teas, as the
sororities would appreciate a better
distribution of guests throughout
the two-hour period.
These teas are invitational, and
Wednesday afternoon new women
who had registered for sorority
rushing called for their invitations
at the office of the Pan Hellenic
president in the Women's Clubhouse.
The schedule for attendance to the
teas has been arranged alphabet
ically in three groups so that a cer
tain group of women will go to three
designated sorority houses each day.
This schedule is the same that was
used for the open house teas, ac
cording to Pan Hell. It was included
in an instruction sheet which each
rushee received when she claimed
her invitations.
The rushing rules have been dras
tically revised this year and Pan
Hellenic Council is confident that it
will mean fewer complications and
Ipss work for rushees and sororities j
alike.
Active sorority rushing gets un
derway today with the first of a
series of three informal rush teas
honoring freshman women and
transfers.
The nine Stanford sororities will |
entertain rushees from 3 to 5 this
afternoon, 7 to 9 on Saturday eve-*
ning, and 3 to 5 on Sunday, accord
ing to Barbara Rapp, Pan Hell
president. She stated that though

these are rush teas, they will be
informal and Quad clothes and name
Lags are in order. She also urged
the rushees not to be reticent about
coming early to the teas, as the
sororities would appreciate a better
distribution of guests throughout
the two-hour period.
These teas are invitational, and
Wednesday afternoon new women
who had registered for sorority
rushing called for their invitations
at the office of the Pan Hellenic
president in the Women's Clubhouse.
The schedule for attendance to the
teas has been arranged alphabet
ically in three groups so that a cer
tain group of women will go to three
designated sorority houses each day.
This schedule is the same that was
used for the open house teas, ac
cording to Pan Hell. It was included
in an instruction sheet which each
rushee received when she claimed
her invitations.
The rushing rules have been dras
tically revised this year and Pan
Hellenic Council is confident that it
will mean fewer complications and
Ipss work for rushees and sororities j
alike.
Active sorority rushing gets un
derway today with the first of a
series of three informal rush teas
honoring freshman women and
transfers.
The nine Stanford sororities will |
entertain rushees from 3 to 5 this
afternoon, 7 to 9 on Saturday eve-*
ning, and 3 to 5 on Sunday, accord
ing to Barbara Rapp, Pan Hell
president. She stated that though

these are rush teas, they will be
informal and Quad clothes and name
Lags are in order. She also urged
the rushees not to be reticent about
coming early to the teas, as the
sororities would appreciate a better
distribution of guests throughout
the two-hour period.
These teas are invitational, and
Wednesday afternoon new women
who had registered for sorority
rushing called for their invitations
at the office of the Pan Hellenic
president in the Women's Clubhouse.
The schedule for attendance to the
teas has been arranged alphabet
ically in three groups so that a cer
tain group of women will go to three
designated sorority houses each day.
This schedule is the same that was
used for the open house teas, ac
cording to Pan Hell. It was included
in an instruction sheet which each
rushee received when she claimed
her invitations.
The rushing rules have been dras
tically revised this year and Pan
Hellenic Council is confident that it
will mean fewer complications and
Ipss work for rushees and sororities j
alike.
Active sorority rushing gets un
derway today with the first of a
series of three informal rush teas
honoring freshman women and
transfers.
The nine Stanford sororities will |
entertain rushees from 3 to 5 this
afternoon, 7 to 9 on Saturday eve-*
ning, and 3 to 5 on Sunday, accord
ing to Barbara Rapp, Pan Hell
president. She stated that though

these are rush teas, they will be
informal and Quad clothes and name
Lags are in order. She also urged
the rushees not to be reticent about
coming early to the teas, as the
sororities would appreciate a better
distribution of guests throughout
the two-hour period.
These teas are invitational, and
Wednesday afternoon new women
who had registered for sorority
rushing called for their invitations
at the office of the Pan Hellenic
president in the Women's Clubhouse.
The schedule for attendance to the
teas has been arranged alphabet
ically in three groups so that a cer
tain group of women will go to three
designated sorority houses each day.
This schedule is the same that was
used for the open house teas, ac
cording to Pan Hell. It was included
in an instruction sheet which each
rushee received when she claimed
her invitations.
The rushing rules have been dras
tically revised this year and Pan
Hellenic Council is confident that it
will mean fewer complications and
Ipss work for rushees and sororities j
alike.
Active sorority rushing gets un
derway today with the first of a
series of three informal rush teas
honoring freshman women and
transfers.
The nine Stanford sororities will |
entertain rushees from 3 to 5 this
afternoon, 7 to 9 on Saturday eve-*
ning, and 3 to 5 on Sunday, accord
ing to Barbara Rapp, Pan Hell
president. She stated that though

these are rush teas, they will be
informal and Quad clothes and name
Lags are in order. She also urged
the rushees not to be reticent about
coming early to the teas, as the
sororities would appreciate a better
distribution of guests throughout
the two-hour period.
These teas are invitational, and
Wednesday afternoon new women
who had registered for sorority
rushing called for their invitations
at the office of the Pan Hellenic
president in the Women's Clubhouse.
The schedule for attendance to the
teas has been arranged alphabet
ically in three groups so that a cer
tain group of women will go to three
designated sorority houses each day.
This schedule is the same that was
used for the open house teas, ac
cording to Pan Hell. It was included
in an instruction sheet which each
rushee received when she claimed
her invitations.
The rushing rules have been dras
tically revised this year and Pan
Hellenic Council is confident that it
will mean fewer complications and
Ipss work for rushees and sororities j
alike.
