# Margin of Victory
## 
### 
Stanford's 82-0 victory over UC
LA in 1925 is not even a Bruin
record. Whittier trimmed them
with 103 points in 1920.
Stanford's 82-0 victory over UC
LA in 1925 is not even a Bruin
record. Whittier trimmed them
with 103 points in 1920.
Stanford's 82-0 victory over UC
LA in 1925 is not even a Bruin
record. Whittier trimmed them
with 103 points in 1920.
Stanford's 82-0 victory over UC
LA in 1925 is not even a Bruin
record. Whittier trimmed them
with 103 points in 1920.
Stanford's 82-0 victory over UC
LA in 1925 is not even a Bruin
record. Whittier trimmed them
with 103 points in 1920.
Stanford's 82-0 victory over UC
LA in 1925 is not even a Bruin
record. Whittier trimmed them
with 103 points in 1920.
Stanford's 82-0 victory over UC
LA in 1925 is not even a Bruin
record. Whittier trimmed them
with 103 points in 1920.
Stanford's 82-0 victory over UC
LA in 1925 is not even a Bruin
record. Whittier trimmed them
with 103 points in 1920.
Stanford's 82-0 victory over UC
LA in 1925 is not even a Bruin
record. Whittier trimmed them
with 103 points in 1920.
Stanford's 82-0 victory over UC
LA in 1925 is not even a Bruin
record. Whittier trimmed them
with 103 points in 1920.
Stanford's 82-0 victory over UC
LA in 1925 is not even a Bruin
record. Whittier trimmed them
with 103 points in 1920.
Stanford's 82-0 victory over UC
LA in 1925 is not even a Bruin
record. Whittier trimmed them
with 103 points in 1920.
Stanford's 82-0 victory over UC
LA in 1925 is not even a Bruin
record. Whittier trimmed them
with 103 points in 1920.
Stanford's 82-0 victory over UC
LA in 1925 is not even a Bruin
record. Whittier trimmed them
with 103 points in 1920.
Stanford's 82-0 victory over UC
LA in 1925 is not even a Bruin
record. Whittier trimmed them
with 103 points in 1920.
