# AKL
## 
### 
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Paul Hanson, president;
Don Frey, vice-president; Barclay
Goldsmith, secretary; Jan Riet
man, alumni secretary; Ed Baker
and Ed Bordenkircher, co-rushing
chairmen, and Hall Seely, pledge
master.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Paul Hanson, president;
Don Frey, vice-president; Barclay
Goldsmith, secretary; Jan Riet
man, alumni secretary; Ed Baker
and Ed Bordenkircher, co-rushing
chairmen, and Hall Seely, pledge
master.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Paul Hanson, president;
Don Frey, vice-president; Barclay
Goldsmith, secretary; Jan Riet
man, alumni secretary; Ed Baker
and Ed Bordenkircher, co-rushing
chairmen, and Hall Seely, pledge
master.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Paul Hanson, president;
Don Frey, vice-president; Barclay
Goldsmith, secretary; Jan Riet
man, alumni secretary; Ed Baker
and Ed Bordenkircher, co-rushing
chairmen, and Hall Seely, pledge
master.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Paul Hanson, president;
Don Frey, vice-president; Barclay
Goldsmith, secretary; Jan Riet
man, alumni secretary; Ed Baker
and Ed Bordenkircher, co-rushing
chairmen, and Hall Seely, pledge
master.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Paul Hanson, president;
Don Frey, vice-president; Barclay
Goldsmith, secretary; Jan Riet
man, alumni secretary; Ed Baker
and Ed Bordenkircher, co-rushing
chairmen, and Hall Seely, pledge
master.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Paul Hanson, president;
Don Frey, vice-president; Barclay
Goldsmith, secretary; Jan Riet
man, alumni secretary; Ed Baker
and Ed Bordenkircher, co-rushing
chairmen, and Hall Seely, pledge
master.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Paul Hanson, president;
Don Frey, vice-president; Barclay
Goldsmith, secretary; Jan Riet
man, alumni secretary; Ed Baker
and Ed Bordenkircher, co-rushing
chairmen, and Hall Seely, pledge
master.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Paul Hanson, president;
Don Frey, vice-president; Barclay
Goldsmith, secretary; Jan Riet
man, alumni secretary; Ed Baker
and Ed Bordenkircher, co-rushing
chairmen, and Hall Seely, pledge
master.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Paul Hanson, president;
Don Frey, vice-president; Barclay
Goldsmith, secretary; Jan Riet
man, alumni secretary; Ed Baker
and Ed Bordenkircher, co-rushing
chairmen, and Hall Seely, pledge
master.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Paul Hanson, president;
Don Frey, vice-president; Barclay
Goldsmith, secretary; Jan Riet
man, alumni secretary; Ed Baker
and Ed Bordenkircher, co-rushing
chairmen, and Hall Seely, pledge
master.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Paul Hanson, president;
Don Frey, vice-president; Barclay
Goldsmith, secretary; Jan Riet
man, alumni secretary; Ed Baker
and Ed Bordenkircher, co-rushing
chairmen, and Hall Seely, pledge
master.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Paul Hanson, president;
Don Frey, vice-president; Barclay
Goldsmith, secretary; Jan Riet
man, alumni secretary; Ed Baker
and Ed Bordenkircher, co-rushing
chairmen, and Hall Seely, pledge
master.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Paul Hanson, president;
Don Frey, vice-president; Barclay
Goldsmith, secretary; Jan Riet
man, alumni secretary; Ed Baker
and Ed Bordenkircher, co-rushing
chairmen, and Hall Seely, pledge
master.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Paul Hanson, president;
Don Frey, vice-president; Barclay
Goldsmith, secretary; Jan Riet
man, alumni secretary; Ed Baker
and Ed Bordenkircher, co-rushing
chairmen, and Hall Seely, pledge
master.
