# Further Room Changes Made
## 
### 
The room scheduling office
has announced one correction
and five changes in courses
offered this quarter.
ENGLISH 2 (Special) Sec
tion 111 has been moved from
pe4B to 414 at 10, MWF.
ENGLISH !) has been
moved from 91a to 231 at 10,
MTWTh.
KN G L Is ll 183 has been
moved from 231 to 300 at 10,
MTWTh F.
.MATH 130 has been moved
from 300 to 91a at 10, MWF.
KN G L I S II 24 has been
moved from e2 to 300 at 9,
MTWTh.
M()I) E R N EUROPEAN
LANGUAGES A18f) has been
moved from 300 to c 2 at 9,
MWF.
The room scheduling office
has announced one correction
and five changes in courses
offered this quarter.
ENGLISH 2 (Special) Sec
tion 111 has been moved from
pe4B to 414 at 10, MWF.
ENGLISH !) has been
moved from 91a to 231 at 10,
MTWTh.
KN G L Is ll 183 has been
moved from 231 to 300 at 10,
MTWTh F.
.MATH 130 has been moved
from 300 to 91a at 10, MWF.
KN G L I S II 24 has been
moved from e2 to 300 at 9,
MTWTh.
M()I) E R N EUROPEAN
LANGUAGES A18f) has been
moved from 300 to c 2 at 9,
MWF.
The room scheduling office
has announced one correction
and five changes in courses
offered this quarter.
ENGLISH 2 (Special) Sec
tion 111 has been moved from
pe4B to 414 at 10, MWF.
ENGLISH !) has been
moved from 91a to 231 at 10,
MTWTh.
KN G L Is ll 183 has been
moved from 231 to 300 at 10,
MTWTh F.
.MATH 130 has been moved
from 300 to 91a at 10, MWF.
KN G L I S II 24 has been
moved from e2 to 300 at 9,
MTWTh.
M()I) E R N EUROPEAN
LANGUAGES A18f) has been
moved from 300 to c 2 at 9,
MWF.
The room scheduling office
has announced one correction
and five changes in courses
offered this quarter.
ENGLISH 2 (Special) Sec
tion 111 has been moved from
pe4B to 414 at 10, MWF.
ENGLISH !) has been
moved from 91a to 231 at 10,
MTWTh.
KN G L Is ll 183 has been
moved from 231 to 300 at 10,
MTWTh F.
.MATH 130 has been moved
from 300 to 91a at 10, MWF.
KN G L I S II 24 has been
moved from e2 to 300 at 9,
MTWTh.
M()I) E R N EUROPEAN
LANGUAGES A18f) has been
moved from 300 to c 2 at 9,
MWF.
The room scheduling office
has announced one correction
and five changes in courses
offered this quarter.
ENGLISH 2 (Special) Sec
tion 111 has been moved from
pe4B to 414 at 10, MWF.
ENGLISH !) has been
moved from 91a to 231 at 10,
MTWTh.
KN G L Is ll 183 has been
moved from 231 to 300 at 10,
MTWTh F.
.MATH 130 has been moved
from 300 to 91a at 10, MWF.
KN G L I S II 24 has been
moved from e2 to 300 at 9,
MTWTh.
M()I) E R N EUROPEAN
LANGUAGES A18f) has been
moved from 300 to c 2 at 9,
MWF.
The room scheduling office
has announced one correction
and five changes in courses
offered this quarter.
ENGLISH 2 (Special) Sec
tion 111 has been moved from
pe4B to 414 at 10, MWF.
ENGLISH !) has been
moved from 91a to 231 at 10,
MTWTh.
KN G L Is ll 183 has been
moved from 231 to 300 at 10,
MTWTh F.
.MATH 130 has been moved
from 300 to 91a at 10, MWF.
KN G L I S II 24 has been
moved from e2 to 300 at 9,
MTWTh.
M()I) E R N EUROPEAN
LANGUAGES A18f) has been
moved from 300 to c 2 at 9,
MWF.
The room scheduling office
has announced one correction
and five changes in courses
offered this quarter.
ENGLISH 2 (Special) Sec
tion 111 has been moved from
pe4B to 414 at 10, MWF.
ENGLISH !) has been
moved from 91a to 231 at 10,
MTWTh.
KN G L Is ll 183 has been
moved from 231 to 300 at 10,
MTWTh F.
.MATH 130 has been moved
from 300 to 91a at 10, MWF.
KN G L I S II 24 has been
moved from e2 to 300 at 9,
MTWTh.
M()I) E R N EUROPEAN
LANGUAGES A18f) has been
moved from 300 to c 2 at 9,
MWF.
The room scheduling office
has announced one correction
and five changes in courses
offered this quarter.
ENGLISH 2 (Special) Sec
tion 111 has been moved from
pe4B to 414 at 10, MWF.
ENGLISH !) has been
moved from 91a to 231 at 10,
MTWTh.
KN G L Is ll 183 has been
moved from 231 to 300 at 10,
MTWTh F.
.MATH 130 has been moved
from 300 to 91a at 10, MWF.
KN G L I S II 24 has been
moved from e2 to 300 at 9,
MTWTh.
M()I) E R N EUROPEAN
LANGUAGES A18f) has been
moved from 300 to c 2 at 9,
MWF.
The room scheduling office
has announced one correction
and five changes in courses
offered this quarter.
ENGLISH 2 (Special) Sec
tion 111 has been moved from
pe4B to 414 at 10, MWF.
ENGLISH !) has been
moved from 91a to 231 at 10,
MTWTh.
KN G L Is ll 183 has been
moved from 231 to 300 at 10,
MTWTh F.
.MATH 130 has been moved
from 300 to 91a at 10, MWF.
KN G L I S II 24 has been
moved from e2 to 300 at 9,
MTWTh.
M()I) E R N EUROPEAN
LANGUAGES A18f) has been
moved from 300 to c 2 at 9,
MWF.
The room scheduling office
has announced one correction
and five changes in courses
offered this quarter.
ENGLISH 2 (Special) Sec
tion 111 has been moved from
pe4B to 414 at 10, MWF.
ENGLISH !) has been
moved from 91a to 231 at 10,
MTWTh.
KN G L Is ll 183 has been
moved from 231 to 300 at 10,
MTWTh F.
.MATH 130 has been moved
from 300 to 91a at 10, MWF.
KN G L I S II 24 has been
moved from e2 to 300 at 9,
MTWTh.
M()I) E R N EUROPEAN
LANGUAGES A18f) has been
moved from 300 to c 2 at 9,
MWF.
The room scheduling office
has announced one correction
and five changes in courses
offered this quarter.
ENGLISH 2 (Special) Sec
tion 111 has been moved from
pe4B to 414 at 10, MWF.
ENGLISH !) has been
moved from 91a to 231 at 10,
MTWTh.
KN G L Is ll 183 has been
moved from 231 to 300 at 10,
MTWTh F.
.MATH 130 has been moved
from 300 to 91a at 10, MWF.
KN G L I S II 24 has been
moved from e2 to 300 at 9,
MTWTh.
M()I) E R N EUROPEAN
LANGUAGES A18f) has been
moved from 300 to c 2 at 9,
MWF.
The room scheduling office
has announced one correction
and five changes in courses
offered this quarter.
ENGLISH 2 (Special) Sec
tion 111 has been moved from
pe4B to 414 at 10, MWF.
ENGLISH !) has been
moved from 91a to 231 at 10,
MTWTh.
KN G L Is ll 183 has been
moved from 231 to 300 at 10,
MTWTh F.
.MATH 130 has been moved
from 300 to 91a at 10, MWF.
KN G L I S II 24 has been
moved from e2 to 300 at 9,
MTWTh.
M()I) E R N EUROPEAN
LANGUAGES A18f) has been
moved from 300 to c 2 at 9,
MWF.
The room scheduling office
has announced one correction
and five changes in courses
offered this quarter.
ENGLISH 2 (Special) Sec
tion 111 has been moved from
pe4B to 414 at 10, MWF.
ENGLISH !) has been
moved from 91a to 231 at 10,
MTWTh.
KN G L Is ll 183 has been
moved from 231 to 300 at 10,
MTWTh F.
.MATH 130 has been moved
from 300 to 91a at 10, MWF.
KN G L I S II 24 has been
moved from e2 to 300 at 9,
MTWTh.
M()I) E R N EUROPEAN
LANGUAGES A18f) has been
moved from 300 to c 2 at 9,
MWF.
The room scheduling office
has announced one correction
and five changes in courses
offered this quarter.
ENGLISH 2 (Special) Sec
tion 111 has been moved from
pe4B to 414 at 10, MWF.
ENGLISH !) has been
moved from 91a to 231 at 10,
MTWTh.
KN G L Is ll 183 has been
moved from 231 to 300 at 10,
MTWTh F.
.MATH 130 has been moved
from 300 to 91a at 10, MWF.
KN G L I S II 24 has been
moved from e2 to 300 at 9,
MTWTh.
M()I) E R N EUROPEAN
LANGUAGES A18f) has been
moved from 300 to c 2 at 9,
MWF.
The room scheduling office
has announced one correction
and five changes in courses
offered this quarter.
ENGLISH 2 (Special) Sec
tion 111 has been moved from
pe4B to 414 at 10, MWF.
ENGLISH !) has been
moved from 91a to 231 at 10,
MTWTh.
KN G L Is ll 183 has been
moved from 231 to 300 at 10,
MTWTh F.
.MATH 130 has been moved
from 300 to 91a at 10, MWF.
KN G L I S II 24 has been
moved from e2 to 300 at 9,
MTWTh.
M()I) E R N EUROPEAN
LANGUAGES A18f) has been
moved from 300 to c 2 at 9,
MWF.
The room scheduling office
has announced one correction
and five changes in courses
offered this quarter.
ENGLISH 2 (Special) Sec
tion 111 has been moved from
pe4B to 414 at 10, MWF.
ENGLISH !) has been
moved from 91a to 231 at 10,
MTWTh.
KN G L Is ll 183 has been
moved from 231 to 300 at 10,
MTWTh F.
.MATH 130 has been moved
from 300 to 91a at 10, MWF.
KN G L I S II 24 has been
moved from e2 to 300 at 9,
MTWTh.
M()I) E R N EUROPEAN
LANGUAGES A18f) has been
moved from 300 to c 2 at 9,
MWF.
