# Signups Continue For First Hostel
## 
### 
Signups continue at the ASSU
office for Friday and Saturday's
hostel, "Government Economic
Intervention in the Sixties," with
Prof. Lorie Tarshis. executive
head of the Economics Depart
ment.
The hostel, first this year, will
begin late Friday afternoon and
end Saturday noon. Cost is $3.50,
to be paid at the time of signup.
Participation in the hostel is lim
ited to 15.
Signups continue at the ASSU
office for Friday and Saturday's
hostel, "Government Economic
Intervention in the Sixties," with
Prof. Lorie Tarshis. executive
head of the Economics Depart
ment.
The hostel, first this year, will
begin late Friday afternoon and
end Saturday noon. Cost is $3.50,
to be paid at the time of signup.
Participation in the hostel is lim
ited to 15.
Signups continue at the ASSU
office for Friday and Saturday's
hostel, "Government Economic
Intervention in the Sixties," with
Prof. Lorie Tarshis. executive
head of the Economics Depart
ment.
The hostel, first this year, will
begin late Friday afternoon and
end Saturday noon. Cost is $3.50,
to be paid at the time of signup.
Participation in the hostel is lim
ited to 15.
Signups continue at the ASSU
office for Friday and Saturday's
hostel, "Government Economic
Intervention in the Sixties," with
Prof. Lorie Tarshis. executive
head of the Economics Depart
ment.
The hostel, first this year, will
begin late Friday afternoon and
end Saturday noon. Cost is $3.50,
to be paid at the time of signup.
Participation in the hostel is lim
ited to 15.
Signups continue at the ASSU
office for Friday and Saturday's
hostel, "Government Economic
Intervention in the Sixties," with
Prof. Lorie Tarshis. executive
head of the Economics Depart
ment.
The hostel, first this year, will
begin late Friday afternoon and
end Saturday noon. Cost is $3.50,
to be paid at the time of signup.
Participation in the hostel is lim
ited to 15.
Signups continue at the ASSU
office for Friday and Saturday's
hostel, "Government Economic
Intervention in the Sixties," with
Prof. Lorie Tarshis. executive
head of the Economics Depart
ment.
The hostel, first this year, will
begin late Friday afternoon and
end Saturday noon. Cost is $3.50,
to be paid at the time of signup.
Participation in the hostel is lim
ited to 15.
Signups continue at the ASSU
office for Friday and Saturday's
hostel, "Government Economic
Intervention in the Sixties," with
Prof. Lorie Tarshis. executive
head of the Economics Depart
ment.
The hostel, first this year, will
begin late Friday afternoon and
end Saturday noon. Cost is $3.50,
to be paid at the time of signup.
Participation in the hostel is lim
ited to 15.
Signups continue at the ASSU
office for Friday and Saturday's
hostel, "Government Economic
Intervention in the Sixties," with
Prof. Lorie Tarshis. executive
head of the Economics Depart
ment.
The hostel, first this year, will
begin late Friday afternoon and
end Saturday noon. Cost is $3.50,
to be paid at the time of signup.
Participation in the hostel is lim
ited to 15.
Signups continue at the ASSU
office for Friday and Saturday's
hostel, "Government Economic
Intervention in the Sixties," with
Prof. Lorie Tarshis. executive
head of the Economics Depart
ment.
The hostel, first this year, will
begin late Friday afternoon and
end Saturday noon. Cost is $3.50,
to be paid at the time of signup.
Participation in the hostel is lim
ited to 15.
Signups continue at the ASSU
office for Friday and Saturday's
hostel, "Government Economic
Intervention in the Sixties," with
Prof. Lorie Tarshis. executive
head of the Economics Depart
ment.
The hostel, first this year, will
begin late Friday afternoon and
end Saturday noon. Cost is $3.50,
to be paid at the time of signup.
Participation in the hostel is lim
ited to 15.
Signups continue at the ASSU
office for Friday and Saturday's
hostel, "Government Economic
Intervention in the Sixties," with
Prof. Lorie Tarshis. executive
head of the Economics Depart
ment.
The hostel, first this year, will
begin late Friday afternoon and
end Saturday noon. Cost is $3.50,
to be paid at the time of signup.
Participation in the hostel is lim
ited to 15.
Signups continue at the ASSU
office for Friday and Saturday's
hostel, "Government Economic
Intervention in the Sixties," with
Prof. Lorie Tarshis. executive
head of the Economics Depart
ment.
The hostel, first this year, will
begin late Friday afternoon and
end Saturday noon. Cost is $3.50,
to be paid at the time of signup.
Participation in the hostel is lim
ited to 15.
Signups continue at the ASSU
office for Friday and Saturday's
hostel, "Government Economic
Intervention in the Sixties," with
Prof. Lorie Tarshis. executive
head of the Economics Depart
ment.
The hostel, first this year, will
begin late Friday afternoon and
end Saturday noon. Cost is $3.50,
to be paid at the time of signup.
Participation in the hostel is lim
ited to 15.
Signups continue at the ASSU
office for Friday and Saturday's
hostel, "Government Economic
Intervention in the Sixties," with
Prof. Lorie Tarshis. executive
head of the Economics Depart
ment.
The hostel, first this year, will
begin late Friday afternoon and
end Saturday noon. Cost is $3.50,
to be paid at the time of signup.
Participation in the hostel is lim
ited to 15.
Signups continue at the ASSU
office for Friday and Saturday's
hostel, "Government Economic
Intervention in the Sixties," with
Prof. Lorie Tarshis. executive
head of the Economics Depart
ment.
The hostel, first this year, will
begin late Friday afternoon and
end Saturday noon. Cost is $3.50,
to be paid at the time of signup.
Participation in the hostel is lim
ited to 15.
Signups continue at the ASSU
office for Friday and Saturday's
hostel, "Government Economic
Intervention in the Sixties," with
Prof. Lorie Tarshis. executive
head of the Economics Depart
ment.
The hostel, first this year, will
begin late Friday afternoon and
end Saturday noon. Cost is $3.50,
to be paid at the time of signup.
Participation in the hostel is lim
ited to 15.
