# CLASS ROLL
## 
### 
The class roll is ready in the
Registrar's office to lie signed by mem

bers of the Senior Class. In order to
make a complete record every Senior
should affix his name to the roll with
out delay.
The class roll is ready in the
Registrar's office to lie signed by mem

bers of the Senior Class. In order to
make a complete record every Senior
should affix his name to the roll with
out delay.
The class roll is ready in the
Registrar's office to lie signed by mem

bers of the Senior Class. In order to
make a complete record every Senior
should affix his name to the roll with
out delay.
The class roll is ready in the
Registrar's office to lie signed by mem

bers of the Senior Class. In order to
make a complete record every Senior
should affix his name to the roll with
out delay.
The class roll is ready in the
Registrar's office to lie signed by mem

bers of the Senior Class. In order to
make a complete record every Senior
should affix his name to the roll with
out delay.
The class roll is ready in the
Registrar's office to lie signed by mem

bers of the Senior Class. In order to
make a complete record every Senior
should affix his name to the roll with
out delay.
The class roll is ready in the
Registrar's office to lie signed by mem

bers of the Senior Class. In order to
make a complete record every Senior
should affix his name to the roll with
out delay.
The class roll is ready in the
Registrar's office to lie signed by mem

bers of the Senior Class. In order to
make a complete record every Senior
should affix his name to the roll with
out delay.
The class roll is ready in the
Registrar's office to lie signed by mem

bers of the Senior Class. In order to
make a complete record every Senior
should affix his name to the roll with
out delay.
The class roll is ready in the
Registrar's office to lie signed by mem

bers of the Senior Class. In order to
make a complete record every Senior
should affix his name to the roll with
out delay.
The class roll is ready in the
Registrar's office to lie signed by mem

bers of the Senior Class. In order to
make a complete record every Senior
should affix his name to the roll with
out delay.
The class roll is ready in the
Registrar's office to lie signed by mem

bers of the Senior Class. In order to
make a complete record every Senior
should affix his name to the roll with
out delay.
The class roll is ready in the
Registrar's office to lie signed by mem

bers of the Senior Class. In order to
make a complete record every Senior
should affix his name to the roll with
out delay.
