# Sex Education Set As Subject Of Panel Talk
## 
### 
"Sex Education in the Public
Schools" will be the subject of a
panel discussion sponsored by
Stanford's Population and En
vironment Forum at 8 p.m. to
night in Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
The principal speaker will be
Dr. Mary Calderone, executive di
rector of the Sex Information and
Education Council of the U.S.
(SIECUS), New York City.
Other panelists include Dr.
Harry Bryan, Stanford professor
of health education, who teaches
"Marriage and the Family"; and
Dr. Lewis Noltemeyer, San Fran
cisco psychiatrist who is opposed
to public school sex education.
Dr. Calderone, former medical
director of the Planned Parent
hood Federation of America, is
the editor of "Abortion in the
United States," the author of
"Release from Sexual Tensions,"
and the editor of the "Manual of

Contraceptive Practice." Dr.
Calderone is married, a grand
mother five times, and the
daughter of famed photographer
Edward Steichen.
The public is invited to attend
the panel discussion.


DR. MARY CALDERONE
