# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
i
IF WE COULD PLAY
all the music in stock,
we'd be dressed in
white tie and tails,
stalking concert
platforms.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
i
IF WE COULD PLAY
all the music in stock,
we'd be dressed in
white tie and tails,
stalking concert
platforms.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
i
IF WE COULD PLAY
all the music in stock,
we'd be dressed in
white tie and tails,
stalking concert
platforms.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
i
IF WE COULD PLAY
all the music in stock,
we'd be dressed in
white tie and tails,
stalking concert
platforms.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
i
IF WE COULD PLAY
all the music in stock,
we'd be dressed in
white tie and tails,
stalking concert
platforms.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
i
IF WE COULD PLAY
all the music in stock,
we'd be dressed in
white tie and tails,
stalking concert
platforms.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
i
IF WE COULD PLAY
all the music in stock,
we'd be dressed in
white tie and tails,
stalking concert
platforms.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
i
IF WE COULD PLAY
all the music in stock,
we'd be dressed in
white tie and tails,
stalking concert
platforms.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
i
IF WE COULD PLAY
all the music in stock,
we'd be dressed in
white tie and tails,
stalking concert
platforms.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
i
IF WE COULD PLAY
all the music in stock,
we'd be dressed in
white tie and tails,
stalking concert
platforms.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
i
IF WE COULD PLAY
all the music in stock,
we'd be dressed in
white tie and tails,
stalking concert
platforms.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
i
IF WE COULD PLAY
all the music in stock,
we'd be dressed in
white tie and tails,
stalking concert
platforms.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
i
IF WE COULD PLAY
all the music in stock,
we'd be dressed in
white tie and tails,
stalking concert
platforms.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
i
IF WE COULD PLAY
all the music in stock,
we'd be dressed in
white tie and tails,
stalking concert
platforms.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
i
IF WE COULD PLAY
all the music in stock,
we'd be dressed in
white tie and tails,
stalking concert
platforms.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
i
IF WE COULD PLAY
all the music in stock,
we'd be dressed in
white tie and tails,
stalking concert
platforms.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
i
IF WE COULD PLAY
all the music in stock,
we'd be dressed in
white tie and tails,
stalking concert
platforms.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
