# Petition Deadline
## 
### 
Today is the last flay for filing
petitions to drop spring quarter
courses, according to Registrar
Harvey Hall.
In order lo be eligible for com
mittee consideration, petitions
must be turned in to the infor
mation window of the .Registrar's
Office, Room 111-A, before 5 p.m.
today.
Today is the last flay for filing
petitions to drop spring quarter
courses, according to Registrar
Harvey Hall.
In order lo be eligible for com
mittee consideration, petitions
must be turned in to the infor
mation window of the .Registrar's
Office, Room 111-A, before 5 p.m.
today.
Today is the last flay for filing
petitions to drop spring quarter
courses, according to Registrar
Harvey Hall.
In order lo be eligible for com
mittee consideration, petitions
must be turned in to the infor
mation window of the .Registrar's
Office, Room 111-A, before 5 p.m.
today.
Today is the last flay for filing
petitions to drop spring quarter
courses, according to Registrar
Harvey Hall.
In order lo be eligible for com
mittee consideration, petitions
must be turned in to the infor
mation window of the .Registrar's
Office, Room 111-A, before 5 p.m.
today.
Today is the last flay for filing
petitions to drop spring quarter
courses, according to Registrar
Harvey Hall.
In order lo be eligible for com
mittee consideration, petitions
must be turned in to the infor
mation window of the .Registrar's
Office, Room 111-A, before 5 p.m.
today.
Today is the last flay for filing
petitions to drop spring quarter
courses, according to Registrar
Harvey Hall.
In order lo be eligible for com
mittee consideration, petitions
must be turned in to the infor
mation window of the .Registrar's
Office, Room 111-A, before 5 p.m.
today.
Today is the last flay for filing
petitions to drop spring quarter
courses, according to Registrar
Harvey Hall.
In order lo be eligible for com
mittee consideration, petitions
must be turned in to the infor
mation window of the .Registrar's
Office, Room 111-A, before 5 p.m.
today.
Today is the last flay for filing
petitions to drop spring quarter
courses, according to Registrar
Harvey Hall.
In order lo be eligible for com
mittee consideration, petitions
must be turned in to the infor
mation window of the .Registrar's
Office, Room 111-A, before 5 p.m.
today.
Today is the last flay for filing
petitions to drop spring quarter
courses, according to Registrar
Harvey Hall.
In order lo be eligible for com
mittee consideration, petitions
must be turned in to the infor
mation window of the .Registrar's
Office, Room 111-A, before 5 p.m.
today.
Today is the last flay for filing
petitions to drop spring quarter
courses, according to Registrar
Harvey Hall.
In order lo be eligible for com
mittee consideration, petitions
must be turned in to the infor
mation window of the .Registrar's
Office, Room 111-A, before 5 p.m.
today.
Today is the last flay for filing
petitions to drop spring quarter
courses, according to Registrar
Harvey Hall.
In order lo be eligible for com
mittee consideration, petitions
must be turned in to the infor
mation window of the .Registrar's
Office, Room 111-A, before 5 p.m.
today.
Today is the last flay for filing
petitions to drop spring quarter
courses, according to Registrar
Harvey Hall.
In order lo be eligible for com
mittee consideration, petitions
must be turned in to the infor
mation window of the .Registrar's
Office, Room 111-A, before 5 p.m.
today.
Today is the last flay for filing
petitions to drop spring quarter
courses, according to Registrar
Harvey Hall.
In order lo be eligible for com
mittee consideration, petitions
must be turned in to the infor
mation window of the .Registrar's
Office, Room 111-A, before 5 p.m.
today.
Today is the last flay for filing
petitions to drop spring quarter
courses, according to Registrar
Harvey Hall.
In order lo be eligible for com
mittee consideration, petitions
must be turned in to the infor
mation window of the .Registrar's
Office, Room 111-A, before 5 p.m.
today.
Today is the last flay for filing
petitions to drop spring quarter
courses, according to Registrar
Harvey Hall.
In order lo be eligible for com
mittee consideration, petitions
must be turned in to the infor
mation window of the .Registrar's
Office, Room 111-A, before 5 p.m.
today.
Today is the last flay for filing
petitions to drop spring quarter
courses, according to Registrar
Harvey Hall.
In order lo be eligible for com
mittee consideration, petitions
must be turned in to the infor
mation window of the .Registrar's
Office, Room 111-A, before 5 p.m.
today.
Today is the last flay for filing
petitions to drop spring quarter
courses, according to Registrar
Harvey Hall.
In order lo be eligible for com
mittee consideration, petitions
must be turned in to the infor
mation window of the .Registrar's
Office, Room 111-A, before 5 p.m.
today.
