# Meet the Cards
## 
### 
Martin was the best frosh
hurdler last year, but didn't
take part in this year's au
tumn-winter development pro
gram. Made his first good
showing against Fresno State,
almost upsetting Dale Messer
before hitting the final hurdle.
()ther good race was in Big
Meet, where his 11.9 got an up
set second place. Needs to con
centrate more on event.

Transfer from Menlo Col
lege, he's both hurdled and
high-jumped this year. Short
of stature, he none the less
cleared 6-4 in a practice .jump
this winter. Gained important
second- or third-place points.
Lack of size also hurts in
highs, but he is a very hard
worker and should improve,
possibly hitting into 14's before
end of year.

("Meet (lie Curds" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MARTIN
High Hurdles


JOHN NOIJRSE
Hurdles, High Jump
Martin was the best frosh
hurdler last year, but didn't
take part in this year's au
tumn-winter development pro
gram. Made his first good
showing against Fresno State,
almost upsetting Dale Messer
before hitting the final hurdle.
()ther good race was in Big
Meet, where his 11.9 got an up
set second place. Needs to con
centrate more on event.

Transfer from Menlo Col
lege, he's both hurdled and
high-jumped this year. Short
of stature, he none the less
cleared 6-4 in a practice .jump
this winter. Gained important
second- or third-place points.
Lack of size also hurts in
highs, but he is a very hard
worker and should improve,
possibly hitting into 14's before
end of year.

("Meet (lie Curds" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MARTIN
High Hurdles


JOHN NOIJRSE
Hurdles, High Jump
Martin was the best frosh
hurdler last year, but didn't
take part in this year's au
tumn-winter development pro
gram. Made his first good
showing against Fresno State,
almost upsetting Dale Messer
before hitting the final hurdle.
()ther good race was in Big
Meet, where his 11.9 got an up
set second place. Needs to con
centrate more on event.

Transfer from Menlo Col
lege, he's both hurdled and
high-jumped this year. Short
of stature, he none the less
cleared 6-4 in a practice .jump
this winter. Gained important
second- or third-place points.
Lack of size also hurts in
highs, but he is a very hard
worker and should improve,
possibly hitting into 14's before
end of year.

("Meet (lie Curds" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MARTIN
High Hurdles


JOHN NOIJRSE
Hurdles, High Jump
Martin was the best frosh
hurdler last year, but didn't
take part in this year's au
tumn-winter development pro
gram. Made his first good
showing against Fresno State,
almost upsetting Dale Messer
before hitting the final hurdle.
()ther good race was in Big
Meet, where his 11.9 got an up
set second place. Needs to con
centrate more on event.

Transfer from Menlo Col
lege, he's both hurdled and
high-jumped this year. Short
of stature, he none the less
cleared 6-4 in a practice .jump
this winter. Gained important
second- or third-place points.
Lack of size also hurts in
highs, but he is a very hard
worker and should improve,
possibly hitting into 14's before
end of year.

("Meet (lie Curds" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MARTIN
High Hurdles


JOHN NOIJRSE
Hurdles, High Jump
Martin was the best frosh
hurdler last year, but didn't
take part in this year's au
tumn-winter development pro
gram. Made his first good
showing against Fresno State,
almost upsetting Dale Messer
before hitting the final hurdle.
()ther good race was in Big
Meet, where his 11.9 got an up
set second place. Needs to con
centrate more on event.

Transfer from Menlo Col
lege, he's both hurdled and
high-jumped this year. Short
of stature, he none the less
cleared 6-4 in a practice .jump
this winter. Gained important
second- or third-place points.
Lack of size also hurts in
highs, but he is a very hard
worker and should improve,
possibly hitting into 14's before
end of year.

("Meet (lie Curds" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MARTIN
High Hurdles


JOHN NOIJRSE
Hurdles, High Jump
Martin was the best frosh
hurdler last year, but didn't
take part in this year's au
tumn-winter development pro
gram. Made his first good
showing against Fresno State,
almost upsetting Dale Messer
before hitting the final hurdle.
()ther good race was in Big
Meet, where his 11.9 got an up
set second place. Needs to con
centrate more on event.

Transfer from Menlo Col
lege, he's both hurdled and
high-jumped this year. Short
of stature, he none the less
cleared 6-4 in a practice .jump
this winter. Gained important
second- or third-place points.
Lack of size also hurts in
highs, but he is a very hard
worker and should improve,
possibly hitting into 14's before
end of year.

("Meet (lie Curds" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MARTIN
High Hurdles


JOHN NOIJRSE
Hurdles, High Jump
Martin was the best frosh
hurdler last year, but didn't
take part in this year's au
tumn-winter development pro
gram. Made his first good
showing against Fresno State,
almost upsetting Dale Messer
before hitting the final hurdle.
()ther good race was in Big
Meet, where his 11.9 got an up
set second place. Needs to con
centrate more on event.

Transfer from Menlo Col
lege, he's both hurdled and
high-jumped this year. Short
of stature, he none the less
cleared 6-4 in a practice .jump
this winter. Gained important
second- or third-place points.
Lack of size also hurts in
highs, but he is a very hard
worker and should improve,
possibly hitting into 14's before
end of year.

("Meet (lie Curds" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MARTIN
High Hurdles


JOHN NOIJRSE
Hurdles, High Jump
Martin was the best frosh
hurdler last year, but didn't
take part in this year's au
tumn-winter development pro
gram. Made his first good
showing against Fresno State,
almost upsetting Dale Messer
before hitting the final hurdle.
()ther good race was in Big
Meet, where his 11.9 got an up
set second place. Needs to con
centrate more on event.

Transfer from Menlo Col
lege, he's both hurdled and
high-jumped this year. Short
of stature, he none the less
cleared 6-4 in a practice .jump
this winter. Gained important
second- or third-place points.
Lack of size also hurts in
highs, but he is a very hard
worker and should improve,
possibly hitting into 14's before
end of year.

("Meet (lie Curds" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MARTIN
High Hurdles


JOHN NOIJRSE
Hurdles, High Jump
Martin was the best frosh
hurdler last year, but didn't
take part in this year's au
tumn-winter development pro
gram. Made his first good
showing against Fresno State,
almost upsetting Dale Messer
before hitting the final hurdle.
()ther good race was in Big
Meet, where his 11.9 got an up
set second place. Needs to con
centrate more on event.

Transfer from Menlo Col
lege, he's both hurdled and
high-jumped this year. Short
of stature, he none the less
cleared 6-4 in a practice .jump
this winter. Gained important
second- or third-place points.
Lack of size also hurts in
highs, but he is a very hard
worker and should improve,
possibly hitting into 14's before
end of year.

("Meet (lie Curds" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MARTIN
High Hurdles


JOHN NOIJRSE
Hurdles, High Jump
Martin was the best frosh
hurdler last year, but didn't
take part in this year's au
tumn-winter development pro
gram. Made his first good
showing against Fresno State,
almost upsetting Dale Messer
before hitting the final hurdle.
()ther good race was in Big
Meet, where his 11.9 got an up
set second place. Needs to con
centrate more on event.

Transfer from Menlo Col
lege, he's both hurdled and
high-jumped this year. Short
of stature, he none the less
cleared 6-4 in a practice .jump
this winter. Gained important
second- or third-place points.
Lack of size also hurts in
highs, but he is a very hard
worker and should improve,
possibly hitting into 14's before
end of year.

("Meet (lie Curds" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MARTIN
High Hurdles


JOHN NOIJRSE
Hurdles, High Jump
Martin was the best frosh
hurdler last year, but didn't
take part in this year's au
tumn-winter development pro
gram. Made his first good
showing against Fresno State,
almost upsetting Dale Messer
before hitting the final hurdle.
()ther good race was in Big
Meet, where his 11.9 got an up
set second place. Needs to con
centrate more on event.

Transfer from Menlo Col
lege, he's both hurdled and
high-jumped this year. Short
of stature, he none the less
cleared 6-4 in a practice .jump
this winter. Gained important
second- or third-place points.
Lack of size also hurts in
highs, but he is a very hard
worker and should improve,
possibly hitting into 14's before
end of year.

("Meet (lie Curds" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MARTIN
High Hurdles


JOHN NOIJRSE
Hurdles, High Jump
Martin was the best frosh
hurdler last year, but didn't
take part in this year's au
tumn-winter development pro
gram. Made his first good
showing against Fresno State,
almost upsetting Dale Messer
before hitting the final hurdle.
()ther good race was in Big
Meet, where his 11.9 got an up
set second place. Needs to con
centrate more on event.

Transfer from Menlo Col
lege, he's both hurdled and
high-jumped this year. Short
of stature, he none the less
cleared 6-4 in a practice .jump
this winter. Gained important
second- or third-place points.
Lack of size also hurts in
highs, but he is a very hard
worker and should improve,
possibly hitting into 14's before
end of year.

("Meet (lie Curds" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MARTIN
High Hurdles


JOHN NOIJRSE
Hurdles, High Jump
Martin was the best frosh
hurdler last year, but didn't
take part in this year's au
tumn-winter development pro
gram. Made his first good
showing against Fresno State,
almost upsetting Dale Messer
before hitting the final hurdle.
()ther good race was in Big
Meet, where his 11.9 got an up
set second place. Needs to con
centrate more on event.

Transfer from Menlo Col
lege, he's both hurdled and
high-jumped this year. Short
of stature, he none the less
cleared 6-4 in a practice .jump
this winter. Gained important
second- or third-place points.
Lack of size also hurts in
highs, but he is a very hard
worker and should improve,
possibly hitting into 14's before
end of year.

("Meet (lie Curds" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MARTIN
High Hurdles


JOHN NOIJRSE
Hurdles, High Jump
Martin was the best frosh
hurdler last year, but didn't
take part in this year's au
tumn-winter development pro
gram. Made his first good
showing against Fresno State,
almost upsetting Dale Messer
before hitting the final hurdle.
()ther good race was in Big
Meet, where his 11.9 got an up
set second place. Needs to con
centrate more on event.

Transfer from Menlo Col
lege, he's both hurdled and
high-jumped this year. Short
of stature, he none the less
cleared 6-4 in a practice .jump
this winter. Gained important
second- or third-place points.
Lack of size also hurts in
highs, but he is a very hard
worker and should improve,
possibly hitting into 14's before
end of year.

("Meet (lie Curds" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MARTIN
High Hurdles


JOHN NOIJRSE
Hurdles, High Jump
Martin was the best frosh
hurdler last year, but didn't
take part in this year's au
tumn-winter development pro
gram. Made his first good
showing against Fresno State,
almost upsetting Dale Messer
before hitting the final hurdle.
()ther good race was in Big
Meet, where his 11.9 got an up
set second place. Needs to con
centrate more on event.

Transfer from Menlo Col
lege, he's both hurdled and
high-jumped this year. Short
of stature, he none the less
cleared 6-4 in a practice .jump
this winter. Gained important
second- or third-place points.
Lack of size also hurts in
highs, but he is a very hard
worker and should improve,
possibly hitting into 14's before
end of year.

("Meet (lie Curds" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MARTIN
High Hurdles


JOHN NOIJRSE
Hurdles, High Jump
Martin was the best frosh
hurdler last year, but didn't
take part in this year's au
tumn-winter development pro
gram. Made his first good
showing against Fresno State,
almost upsetting Dale Messer
before hitting the final hurdle.
()ther good race was in Big
Meet, where his 11.9 got an up
set second place. Needs to con
centrate more on event.

Transfer from Menlo Col
lege, he's both hurdled and
high-jumped this year. Short
of stature, he none the less
cleared 6-4 in a practice .jump
this winter. Gained important
second- or third-place points.
Lack of size also hurts in
highs, but he is a very hard
worker and should improve,
possibly hitting into 14's before
end of year.

("Meet (lie Curds" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MARTIN
High Hurdles


JOHN NOIJRSE
Hurdles, High Jump
Martin was the best frosh
hurdler last year, but didn't
take part in this year's au
tumn-winter development pro
gram. Made his first good
showing against Fresno State,
almost upsetting Dale Messer
before hitting the final hurdle.
()ther good race was in Big
Meet, where his 11.9 got an up
set second place. Needs to con
centrate more on event.

Transfer from Menlo Col
lege, he's both hurdled and
high-jumped this year. Short
of stature, he none the less
cleared 6-4 in a practice .jump
this winter. Gained important
second- or third-place points.
Lack of size also hurts in
highs, but he is a very hard
worker and should improve,
possibly hitting into 14's before
end of year.

("Meet (lie Curds" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


808 MARTIN
High Hurdles


JOHN NOIJRSE
Hurdles, High Jump
