# Panel to Tell Business Role
## 
### 
Throe authorities in Ihr field
of business education, including
Dean Km est C. Arbucklc of
Stanford's Business Sehool, will
conduct a panel discussion on
"The Value of a Business f-Jdu
cation to You" at Cubberley Au
ditorium today at 1 p.m.
The symposium is being pre
sented "in order to assist stu
dents in planning their careers,
and in becoming acquainted with|
the advantages of the Stanford
Graduate School of Business,"
according to the School of Busi
ness.
The other panelists are Dr.
Theodore .1. Kreps, professor of i
business economics, and Dr. Ba
velas, an industrial and social
psychologist teaching in the Bus
iness School and the Psychology
Department.
