# YVETTE GUILBERT TO GIVE CONCERT MONDAY EVENING
## TICKETS ON SALE TODAY Artiste Will Be Aided by Musicians in Belgian Benefit Recital 
### 
Great songs of France sung by one
of the greatest song interpreters,
Yvette Guilbert, will make up the pro
gram which will be given in the As
sembly Hall next Monday evening for
the benefit of the women and children
of the devastated regions of northern
France.
Adding attractiveness to the concert
by this renowned artist will be the
costumes which she will wear in the
recital to illustrate the fashions of
the periods represented by the songs.
Still further increasing the interest
in the program is the fact that the
numbers are of a popular nature, ap
pealing both to those technically ac-
ford team, but iinal details for the
meet have not yet been made. The
event will probably take the form of
relay competition. A meet with the
Olympic Club will probably likewise
be held, and indications point to the
realization of the plans for a trip
south for the Cardinal squad.
Great songs of France sung by one
of the greatest song interpreters,
Yvette Guilbert, will make up the pro
gram which will be given in the As
sembly Hall next Monday evening for
the benefit of the women and children
of the devastated regions of northern
France.
Adding attractiveness to the concert
by this renowned artist will be the
costumes which she will wear in the
recital to illustrate the fashions of
the periods represented by the songs.
Still further increasing the interest
in the program is the fact that the
numbers are of a popular nature, ap
pealing both to those technically ac-
ford team, but iinal details for the
meet have not yet been made. The
event will probably take the form of
relay competition. A meet with the
Olympic Club will probably likewise
be held, and indications point to the
realization of the plans for a trip
south for the Cardinal squad.
Great songs of France sung by one
of the greatest song interpreters,
Yvette Guilbert, will make up the pro
gram which will be given in the As
sembly Hall next Monday evening for
the benefit of the women and children
of the devastated regions of northern
France.
Adding attractiveness to the concert
by this renowned artist will be the
costumes which she will wear in the
recital to illustrate the fashions of
the periods represented by the songs.
Still further increasing the interest
in the program is the fact that the
numbers are of a popular nature, ap
pealing both to those technically ac-
ford team, but iinal details for the
meet have not yet been made. The
event will probably take the form of
relay competition. A meet with the
Olympic Club will probably likewise
be held, and indications point to the
realization of the plans for a trip
south for the Cardinal squad.
Great songs of France sung by one
of the greatest song interpreters,
Yvette Guilbert, will make up the pro
gram which will be given in the As
sembly Hall next Monday evening for
the benefit of the women and children
of the devastated regions of northern
France.
Adding attractiveness to the concert
by this renowned artist will be the
costumes which she will wear in the
recital to illustrate the fashions of
the periods represented by the songs.
Still further increasing the interest
in the program is the fact that the
numbers are of a popular nature, ap
pealing both to those technically ac-
ford team, but iinal details for the
meet have not yet been made. The
event will probably take the form of
relay competition. A meet with the
Olympic Club will probably likewise
be held, and indications point to the
realization of the plans for a trip
south for the Cardinal squad.
Great songs of France sung by one
of the greatest song interpreters,
Yvette Guilbert, will make up the pro
gram which will be given in the As
sembly Hall next Monday evening for
the benefit of the women and children
of the devastated regions of northern
France.
Adding attractiveness to the concert
by this renowned artist will be the
costumes which she will wear in the
recital to illustrate the fashions of
the periods represented by the songs.
Still further increasing the interest
in the program is the fact that the
numbers are of a popular nature, ap
pealing both to those technically ac-
ford team, but iinal details for the
meet have not yet been made. The
event will probably take the form of
relay competition. A meet with the
Olympic Club will probably likewise
be held, and indications point to the
realization of the plans for a trip
south for the Cardinal squad.
Great songs of France sung by one
of the greatest song interpreters,
Yvette Guilbert, will make up the pro
gram which will be given in the As
sembly Hall next Monday evening for
the benefit of the women and children
of the devastated regions of northern
France.
Adding attractiveness to the concert
by this renowned artist will be the
costumes which she will wear in the
recital to illustrate the fashions of
the periods represented by the songs.
Still further increasing the interest
in the program is the fact that the
numbers are of a popular nature, ap
pealing both to those technically ac-
ford team, but iinal details for the
meet have not yet been made. The
event will probably take the form of
relay competition. A meet with the
Olympic Club will probably likewise
be held, and indications point to the
realization of the plans for a trip
south for the Cardinal squad.
Great songs of France sung by one
of the greatest song interpreters,
Yvette Guilbert, will make up the pro
gram which will be given in the As
sembly Hall next Monday evening for
the benefit of the women and children
of the devastated regions of northern
France.
Adding attractiveness to the concert
by this renowned artist will be the
costumes which she will wear in the
recital to illustrate the fashions of
the periods represented by the songs.
Still further increasing the interest
in the program is the fact that the
numbers are of a popular nature, ap
pealing both to those technically ac-
ford team, but iinal details for the
meet have not yet been made. The
event will probably take the form of
relay competition. A meet with the
Olympic Club will probably likewise
be held, and indications point to the
realization of the plans for a trip
south for the Cardinal squad.
Great songs of France sung by one
of the greatest song interpreters,
Yvette Guilbert, will make up the pro
gram which will be given in the As
sembly Hall next Monday evening for
the benefit of the women and children
of the devastated regions of northern
France.
Adding attractiveness to the concert
by this renowned artist will be the
costumes which she will wear in the
recital to illustrate the fashions of
the periods represented by the songs.
Still further increasing the interest
in the program is the fact that the
numbers are of a popular nature, ap
pealing both to those technically ac-
ford team, but iinal details for the
meet have not yet been made. The
event will probably take the form of
relay competition. A meet with the
Olympic Club will probably likewise
be held, and indications point to the
realization of the plans for a trip
south for the Cardinal squad.
Great songs of France sung by one
of the greatest song interpreters,
Yvette Guilbert, will make up the pro
gram which will be given in the As
sembly Hall next Monday evening for
the benefit of the women and children
of the devastated regions of northern
France.
Adding attractiveness to the concert
by this renowned artist will be the
costumes which she will wear in the
recital to illustrate the fashions of
the periods represented by the songs.
Still further increasing the interest
in the program is the fact that the
numbers are of a popular nature, ap
pealing both to those technically ac-
ford team, but iinal details for the
meet have not yet been made. The
event will probably take the form of
relay competition. A meet with the
Olympic Club will probably likewise
be held, and indications point to the
realization of the plans for a trip
south for the Cardinal squad.
Great songs of France sung by one
of the greatest song interpreters,
Yvette Guilbert, will make up the pro
gram which will be given in the As
sembly Hall next Monday evening for
the benefit of the women and children
of the devastated regions of northern
France.
Adding attractiveness to the concert
by this renowned artist will be the
costumes which she will wear in the
recital to illustrate the fashions of
the periods represented by the songs.
Still further increasing the interest
in the program is the fact that the
numbers are of a popular nature, ap
pealing both to those technically ac-
ford team, but iinal details for the
meet have not yet been made. The
event will probably take the form of
relay competition. A meet with the
Olympic Club will probably likewise
be held, and indications point to the
realization of the plans for a trip
south for the Cardinal squad.
Great songs of France sung by one
of the greatest song interpreters,
Yvette Guilbert, will make up the pro
gram which will be given in the As
sembly Hall next Monday evening for
the benefit of the women and children
of the devastated regions of northern
France.
Adding attractiveness to the concert
by this renowned artist will be the
costumes which she will wear in the
recital to illustrate the fashions of
the periods represented by the songs.
Still further increasing the interest
in the program is the fact that the
numbers are of a popular nature, ap
pealing both to those technically ac-
ford team, but iinal details for the
meet have not yet been made. The
event will probably take the form of
relay competition. A meet with the
Olympic Club will probably likewise
be held, and indications point to the
realization of the plans for a trip
south for the Cardinal squad.
Great songs of France sung by one
of the greatest song interpreters,
Yvette Guilbert, will make up the pro
gram which will be given in the As
sembly Hall next Monday evening for
the benefit of the women and children
of the devastated regions of northern
France.
Adding attractiveness to the concert
by this renowned artist will be the
costumes which she will wear in the
recital to illustrate the fashions of
the periods represented by the songs.
Still further increasing the interest
in the program is the fact that the
numbers are of a popular nature, ap
pealing both to those technically ac-
ford team, but iinal details for the
meet have not yet been made. The
event will probably take the form of
relay competition. A meet with the
Olympic Club will probably likewise
be held, and indications point to the
realization of the plans for a trip
south for the Cardinal squad.
Great songs of France sung by one
of the greatest song interpreters,
Yvette Guilbert, will make up the pro
gram which will be given in the As
sembly Hall next Monday evening for
the benefit of the women and children
of the devastated regions of northern
France.
Adding attractiveness to the concert
by this renowned artist will be the
costumes which she will wear in the
recital to illustrate the fashions of
the periods represented by the songs.
Still further increasing the interest
in the program is the fact that the
numbers are of a popular nature, ap
pealing both to those technically ac-
ford team, but iinal details for the
meet have not yet been made. The
event will probably take the form of
relay competition. A meet with the
Olympic Club will probably likewise
be held, and indications point to the
realization of the plans for a trip
south for the Cardinal squad.
Great songs of France sung by one
of the greatest song interpreters,
Yvette Guilbert, will make up the pro
gram which will be given in the As
sembly Hall next Monday evening for
the benefit of the women and children
of the devastated regions of northern
France.
Adding attractiveness to the concert
by this renowned artist will be the
costumes which she will wear in the
recital to illustrate the fashions of
the periods represented by the songs.
Still further increasing the interest
in the program is the fact that the
numbers are of a popular nature, ap
pealing both to those technically ac-
ford team, but iinal details for the
meet have not yet been made. The
event will probably take the form of
relay competition. A meet with the
Olympic Club will probably likewise
be held, and indications point to the
realization of the plans for a trip
south for the Cardinal squad.
Great songs of France sung by one
of the greatest song interpreters,
Yvette Guilbert, will make up the pro
gram which will be given in the As
sembly Hall next Monday evening for
the benefit of the women and children
of the devastated regions of northern
France.
Adding attractiveness to the concert
by this renowned artist will be the
costumes which she will wear in the
recital to illustrate the fashions of
the periods represented by the songs.
Still further increasing the interest
in the program is the fact that the
numbers are of a popular nature, ap
pealing both to those technically ac-
ford team, but iinal details for the
meet have not yet been made. The
event will probably take the form of
relay competition. A meet with the
Olympic Club will probably likewise
be held, and indications point to the
realization of the plans for a trip
south for the Cardinal squad.
Great songs of France sung by one
of the greatest song interpreters,
Yvette Guilbert, will make up the pro
gram which will be given in the As
sembly Hall next Monday evening for
the benefit of the women and children
of the devastated regions of northern
France.
Adding attractiveness to the concert
by this renowned artist will be the
costumes which she will wear in the
recital to illustrate the fashions of
the periods represented by the songs.
Still further increasing the interest
in the program is the fact that the
numbers are of a popular nature, ap
pealing both to those technically ac-
ford team, but iinal details for the
meet have not yet been made. The
event will probably take the form of
relay competition. A meet with the
Olympic Club will probably likewise
be held, and indications point to the
realization of the plans for a trip
south for the Cardinal squad.
