# Original Works To Be Read at English Club
## 
### 
English Club is to hold an interest
ing meeting tomorrow night at which
members are to read their own recent
work. An unusually fine time is prom
ised, since a great deal of original
work has been done of late. A short
business session will be held immedi
ately afterward. The meeting is to
be at the home of Miss Margery Bai
ley in Redwood City.
English Club is to hold an interest
ing meeting tomorrow night at which
members are to read their own recent
work. An unusually fine time is prom
ised, since a great deal of original
work has been done of late. A short
business session will be held immedi
ately afterward. The meeting is to
be at the home of Miss Margery Bai
ley in Redwood City.
English Club is to hold an interest
ing meeting tomorrow night at which
members are to read their own recent
work. An unusually fine time is prom
ised, since a great deal of original
work has been done of late. A short
business session will be held immedi
ately afterward. The meeting is to
be at the home of Miss Margery Bai
ley in Redwood City.
English Club is to hold an interest
ing meeting tomorrow night at which
members are to read their own recent
work. An unusually fine time is prom
ised, since a great deal of original
work has been done of late. A short
business session will be held immedi
ately afterward. The meeting is to
be at the home of Miss Margery Bai
ley in Redwood City.
English Club is to hold an interest
ing meeting tomorrow night at which
members are to read their own recent
work. An unusually fine time is prom
ised, since a great deal of original
work has been done of late. A short
business session will be held immedi
ately afterward. The meeting is to
be at the home of Miss Margery Bai
ley in Redwood City.
English Club is to hold an interest
ing meeting tomorrow night at which
members are to read their own recent
work. An unusually fine time is prom
ised, since a great deal of original
work has been done of late. A short
business session will be held immedi
ately afterward. The meeting is to
be at the home of Miss Margery Bai
ley in Redwood City.
English Club is to hold an interest
ing meeting tomorrow night at which
members are to read their own recent
work. An unusually fine time is prom
ised, since a great deal of original
work has been done of late. A short
business session will be held immedi
ately afterward. The meeting is to
be at the home of Miss Margery Bai
ley in Redwood City.
English Club is to hold an interest
ing meeting tomorrow night at which
members are to read their own recent
work. An unusually fine time is prom
ised, since a great deal of original
work has been done of late. A short
business session will be held immedi
ately afterward. The meeting is to
be at the home of Miss Margery Bai
ley in Redwood City.
English Club is to hold an interest
ing meeting tomorrow night at which
members are to read their own recent
work. An unusually fine time is prom
ised, since a great deal of original
work has been done of late. A short
business session will be held immedi
ately afterward. The meeting is to
be at the home of Miss Margery Bai
ley in Redwood City.
English Club is to hold an interest
ing meeting tomorrow night at which
members are to read their own recent
work. An unusually fine time is prom
ised, since a great deal of original
work has been done of late. A short
business session will be held immedi
ately afterward. The meeting is to
be at the home of Miss Margery Bai
ley in Redwood City.
English Club is to hold an interest
ing meeting tomorrow night at which
members are to read their own recent
work. An unusually fine time is prom
ised, since a great deal of original
work has been done of late. A short
business session will be held immedi
ately afterward. The meeting is to
be at the home of Miss Margery Bai
ley in Redwood City.
English Club is to hold an interest
ing meeting tomorrow night at which
members are to read their own recent
work. An unusually fine time is prom
ised, since a great deal of original
work has been done of late. A short
business session will be held immedi
ately afterward. The meeting is to
be at the home of Miss Margery Bai
ley in Redwood City.
English Club is to hold an interest
ing meeting tomorrow night at which
members are to read their own recent
work. An unusually fine time is prom
ised, since a great deal of original
work has been done of late. A short
business session will be held immedi
ately afterward. The meeting is to
be at the home of Miss Margery Bai
ley in Redwood City.
English Club is to hold an interest
ing meeting tomorrow night at which
members are to read their own recent
work. An unusually fine time is prom
ised, since a great deal of original
work has been done of late. A short
business session will be held immedi
ately afterward. The meeting is to
be at the home of Miss Margery Bai
ley in Redwood City.
English Club is to hold an interest
ing meeting tomorrow night at which
members are to read their own recent
work. An unusually fine time is prom
ised, since a great deal of original
work has been done of late. A short
business session will be held immedi
ately afterward. The meeting is to
be at the home of Miss Margery Bai
ley in Redwood City.
English Club is to hold an interest
ing meeting tomorrow night at which
members are to read their own recent
work. An unusually fine time is prom
ised, since a great deal of original
work has been done of late. A short
business session will be held immedi
ately afterward. The meeting is to
be at the home of Miss Margery Bai
ley in Redwood City.
