# On 'n Off the Campus
## 
### 
Former Stanford
Students Engaged.
Announcement was made recently
of the engagement of Miss Louise
Simons, '16, to Lieutenant J. F. Chap
man, '08. Chapman is in the United
States Medical Corps Reserves and is
stationed at Angel Island. He was a
member of Encina Club. Miss Simons
belongs to Delta Gamma. She was
visiting on the campus last week-end
for the Delta Gamma Belgian benefit.
Secretary Adopts
New Index System.
A new system of catalogue index of
applications for teaching positions,
called the "Findex," has been installed
in the office of the appointment secre
tary, which will enable her to de
termine instantly the number of peo
ple eligible for any desired kind of
teaching. The system is very ef
ficient and saves the office a great
amount of copy work, since the cards
are punched by a stamp instead of
being typewritten as formerly.
