# Junior Class to Elect New President Tomorrow
## 
### 
Junior Class will hold a special
meeting tomorrow noon at 12:45 in
Room 214, to elect a president. F. A.
Betts, the former president, has re
signed. All members are urged to
come.
Junior Class will hold a special
meeting tomorrow noon at 12:45 in
Room 214, to elect a president. F. A.
Betts, the former president, has re
signed. All members are urged to
come.
Junior Class will hold a special
meeting tomorrow noon at 12:45 in
Room 214, to elect a president. F. A.
Betts, the former president, has re
signed. All members are urged to
come.
Junior Class will hold a special
meeting tomorrow noon at 12:45 in
Room 214, to elect a president. F. A.
Betts, the former president, has re
signed. All members are urged to
come.
Junior Class will hold a special
meeting tomorrow noon at 12:45 in
Room 214, to elect a president. F. A.
Betts, the former president, has re
signed. All members are urged to
come.
Junior Class will hold a special
meeting tomorrow noon at 12:45 in
Room 214, to elect a president. F. A.
Betts, the former president, has re
signed. All members are urged to
come.
Junior Class will hold a special
meeting tomorrow noon at 12:45 in
Room 214, to elect a president. F. A.
Betts, the former president, has re
signed. All members are urged to
come.
Junior Class will hold a special
meeting tomorrow noon at 12:45 in
Room 214, to elect a president. F. A.
Betts, the former president, has re
signed. All members are urged to
come.
Junior Class will hold a special
meeting tomorrow noon at 12:45 in
Room 214, to elect a president. F. A.
Betts, the former president, has re
signed. All members are urged to
come.
Junior Class will hold a special
meeting tomorrow noon at 12:45 in
Room 214, to elect a president. F. A.
Betts, the former president, has re
signed. All members are urged to
come.
Junior Class will hold a special
meeting tomorrow noon at 12:45 in
Room 214, to elect a president. F. A.
Betts, the former president, has re
signed. All members are urged to
come.
Junior Class will hold a special
meeting tomorrow noon at 12:45 in
Room 214, to elect a president. F. A.
Betts, the former president, has re
signed. All members are urged to
come.
Junior Class will hold a special
meeting tomorrow noon at 12:45 in
Room 214, to elect a president. F. A.
Betts, the former president, has re
signed. All members are urged to
come.
Junior Class will hold a special
meeting tomorrow noon at 12:45 in
Room 214, to elect a president. F. A.
Betts, the former president, has re
signed. All members are urged to
come.
Junior Class will hold a special
meeting tomorrow noon at 12:45 in
Room 214, to elect a president. F. A.
Betts, the former president, has re
signed. All members are urged to
come.
Junior Class will hold a special
meeting tomorrow noon at 12:45 in
Room 214, to elect a president. F. A.
Betts, the former president, has re
signed. All members are urged to
come.
