# Y. W. C. A. DISCUSSES CONFERENCE DUTIES
## 
### 
"The women of the University are
the trustees of the Stanford spirit
during the Y. W. C. A. Conference,"
was the statement of Miss Harriet
Bradford, dean of women, at the Asso
ciation meeting yesterday afternoon.
In speaking of Stanford's part as host
ess, Miss Bradford emphasized the fact
that the women will be responsible for
the impression the visiting delegates
receive of the University as a whole
and that it is the duty of the entire
"500" to give the true impression of
Stanford.
Miss Josephine Welch, '18, repre
sented the Women's Conference, and
assured the Y. W. C. A. of the hearty
support of that organization. The
details of the program during the con
ference were explained by Miss Ellen
Calhoun, '20. Some very fine speeches
have been arranged for and every
meeting promises to be full of interest.
