# Grad School Sets Up Loans
## 
### 
The Stanford Graduate School
of Business has decided to borrow
money from banks and lend stu
dents up to $4,000 during the two
year Business School course of
study. Payments on interest and
principal begin six months after
graduation.
Funds available this fall will
come mainly from the Security
First National Bank of Los An
geles, the first bank to join with
Stanford in pioneering this pro
gram. Student loan funds in the
past have come from gifts, but
this source has become increas
ingly inadequate to meet the
growing need, according to Dean
Ernest C. Arbucklc of the Busi
ness School.
Arbuckle commented: "Inaug
uration of this bank-supported
loan program enables any quali
fied student, regardless of finan
cial ability, to meet the cost of
his Busines School education. No
â€¢student is piwented from attend
ing because he can't afford it."
Dean Arbuckle expects that ap
proximately $61,000 will be loaned
during the 1960-61 school year on
this basis.
