# Junior sets new collegiate record
## 
### ERIK STEN Editorial staff 
Though It's never too early
to break a record, this one
came quite unexpectedly.
Competing In Saturday's
Peabody Coal Invitational in
Flagstaff, Ariz., Cardinal
junior Lisa Bernhagen set a
U.S. women's college record
in the high jump with a leap
of 6-foot-5 and one-half
Inch, a two and one-half
inch Improvement over her
former personal best.
The meet was the first In
door competition of the year
for Bernhagen and only her
second attempt at actually
clearing a bar â€” including
practice. Bernhagen and
Stanford Asst. Coach Dave
