# Untitled Article
## 
### 

JACK WEEDEN, outstanding Stanford swimmer for four years,
will lead a quartet of Card backstrokers into San Francisco's
Fleischhacker Pool in the annual Call-Bulletin swim meet.
Weeden will be the only senior on Tom Haynie's squad to enter
the meet.

JACK WEEDEN, outstanding Stanford swimmer for four years,
will lead a quartet of Card backstrokers into San Francisco's
Fleischhacker Pool in the annual Call-Bulletin swim meet.
Weeden will be the only senior on Tom Haynie's squad to enter
the meet.

JACK WEEDEN, outstanding Stanford swimmer for four years,
will lead a quartet of Card backstrokers into San Francisco's
Fleischhacker Pool in the annual Call-Bulletin swim meet.
Weeden will be the only senior on Tom Haynie's squad to enter
the meet.

JACK WEEDEN, outstanding Stanford swimmer for four years,
will lead a quartet of Card backstrokers into San Francisco's
Fleischhacker Pool in the annual Call-Bulletin swim meet.
Weeden will be the only senior on Tom Haynie's squad to enter
the meet.

JACK WEEDEN, outstanding Stanford swimmer for four years,
will lead a quartet of Card backstrokers into San Francisco's
Fleischhacker Pool in the annual Call-Bulletin swim meet.
Weeden will be the only senior on Tom Haynie's squad to enter
the meet.

JACK WEEDEN, outstanding Stanford swimmer for four years,
will lead a quartet of Card backstrokers into San Francisco's
Fleischhacker Pool in the annual Call-Bulletin swim meet.
Weeden will be the only senior on Tom Haynie's squad to enter
the meet.

JACK WEEDEN, outstanding Stanford swimmer for four years,
will lead a quartet of Card backstrokers into San Francisco's
Fleischhacker Pool in the annual Call-Bulletin swim meet.
Weeden will be the only senior on Tom Haynie's squad to enter
the meet.

JACK WEEDEN, outstanding Stanford swimmer for four years,
will lead a quartet of Card backstrokers into San Francisco's
Fleischhacker Pool in the annual Call-Bulletin swim meet.
Weeden will be the only senior on Tom Haynie's squad to enter
the meet.

JACK WEEDEN, outstanding Stanford swimmer for four years,
will lead a quartet of Card backstrokers into San Francisco's
Fleischhacker Pool in the annual Call-Bulletin swim meet.
Weeden will be the only senior on Tom Haynie's squad to enter
the meet.

JACK WEEDEN, outstanding Stanford swimmer for four years,
will lead a quartet of Card backstrokers into San Francisco's
Fleischhacker Pool in the annual Call-Bulletin swim meet.
Weeden will be the only senior on Tom Haynie's squad to enter
the meet.

JACK WEEDEN, outstanding Stanford swimmer for four years,
will lead a quartet of Card backstrokers into San Francisco's
Fleischhacker Pool in the annual Call-Bulletin swim meet.
Weeden will be the only senior on Tom Haynie's squad to enter
the meet.

JACK WEEDEN, outstanding Stanford swimmer for four years,
will lead a quartet of Card backstrokers into San Francisco's
Fleischhacker Pool in the annual Call-Bulletin swim meet.
Weeden will be the only senior on Tom Haynie's squad to enter
the meet.

JACK WEEDEN, outstanding Stanford swimmer for four years,
will lead a quartet of Card backstrokers into San Francisco's
Fleischhacker Pool in the annual Call-Bulletin swim meet.
Weeden will be the only senior on Tom Haynie's squad to enter
the meet.

JACK WEEDEN, outstanding Stanford swimmer for four years,
will lead a quartet of Card backstrokers into San Francisco's
Fleischhacker Pool in the annual Call-Bulletin swim meet.
Weeden will be the only senior on Tom Haynie's squad to enter
the meet.
