# Untitled Article
## 
### 
For real exciting court battles which
roused the crowd, the first Stanford-
California varsity game, and the first big
freshman contest here, have not been
equalled. If the 1925 basket shooters
don't win the annual series, then it -is
doubtful whether a Cardinal freshman
quintet will ever defeat the Bear cubs.
For real exciting court battles which
roused the crowd, the first Stanford-
California varsity game, and the first big
freshman contest here, have not been
equalled. If the 1925 basket shooters
don't win the annual series, then it -is
doubtful whether a Cardinal freshman
quintet will ever defeat the Bear cubs.
For real exciting court battles which
roused the crowd, the first Stanford-
California varsity game, and the first big
freshman contest here, have not been
equalled. If the 1925 basket shooters
don't win the annual series, then it -is
doubtful whether a Cardinal freshman
quintet will ever defeat the Bear cubs.
For real exciting court battles which
roused the crowd, the first Stanford-
California varsity game, and the first big
freshman contest here, have not been
equalled. If the 1925 basket shooters
don't win the annual series, then it -is
doubtful whether a Cardinal freshman
quintet will ever defeat the Bear cubs.
For real exciting court battles which
roused the crowd, the first Stanford-
California varsity game, and the first big
freshman contest here, have not been
equalled. If the 1925 basket shooters
don't win the annual series, then it -is
doubtful whether a Cardinal freshman
quintet will ever defeat the Bear cubs.
For real exciting court battles which
roused the crowd, the first Stanford-
California varsity game, and the first big
freshman contest here, have not been
equalled. If the 1925 basket shooters
don't win the annual series, then it -is
doubtful whether a Cardinal freshman
quintet will ever defeat the Bear cubs.
For real exciting court battles which
roused the crowd, the first Stanford-
California varsity game, and the first big
freshman contest here, have not been
equalled. If the 1925 basket shooters
don't win the annual series, then it -is
doubtful whether a Cardinal freshman
quintet will ever defeat the Bear cubs.
For real exciting court battles which
roused the crowd, the first Stanford-
California varsity game, and the first big
freshman contest here, have not been
equalled. If the 1925 basket shooters
don't win the annual series, then it -is
doubtful whether a Cardinal freshman
quintet will ever defeat the Bear cubs.
For real exciting court battles which
roused the crowd, the first Stanford-
California varsity game, and the first big
freshman contest here, have not been
equalled. If the 1925 basket shooters
don't win the annual series, then it -is
doubtful whether a Cardinal freshman
quintet will ever defeat the Bear cubs.
For real exciting court battles which
roused the crowd, the first Stanford-
California varsity game, and the first big
freshman contest here, have not been
equalled. If the 1925 basket shooters
don't win the annual series, then it -is
doubtful whether a Cardinal freshman
quintet will ever defeat the Bear cubs.
For real exciting court battles which
roused the crowd, the first Stanford-
California varsity game, and the first big
freshman contest here, have not been
equalled. If the 1925 basket shooters
don't win the annual series, then it -is
doubtful whether a Cardinal freshman
quintet will ever defeat the Bear cubs.
For real exciting court battles which
roused the crowd, the first Stanford-
California varsity game, and the first big
freshman contest here, have not been
equalled. If the 1925 basket shooters
don't win the annual series, then it -is
doubtful whether a Cardinal freshman
quintet will ever defeat the Bear cubs.
For real exciting court battles which
roused the crowd, the first Stanford-
California varsity game, and the first big
freshman contest here, have not been
equalled. If the 1925 basket shooters
don't win the annual series, then it -is
doubtful whether a Cardinal freshman
quintet will ever defeat the Bear cubs.
For real exciting court battles which
roused the crowd, the first Stanford-
California varsity game, and the first big
freshman contest here, have not been
equalled. If the 1925 basket shooters
don't win the annual series, then it -is
doubtful whether a Cardinal freshman
quintet will ever defeat the Bear cubs.
