# Court Briefs
## 
### 
. — <s>
"Dud" DeGroot is entitled to be called
the "iron man" of the Cardinal varsity
cage squad. Ibe big standing guard
hasn't missed even a minute of play in
any of the conference games. Captain
Davies was forced out of the first Wash
ington State contest with four personal
fpuls, or he would be tied with DeGroot.
. — <s>
"Dud" DeGroot is entitled to be called
the "iron man" of the Cardinal varsity
cage squad. Ibe big standing guard
hasn't missed even a minute of play in
any of the conference games. Captain
Davies was forced out of the first Wash
ington State contest with four personal
fpuls, or he would be tied with DeGroot.
. — <s>
"Dud" DeGroot is entitled to be called
the "iron man" of the Cardinal varsity
cage squad. Ibe big standing guard
hasn't missed even a minute of play in
any of the conference games. Captain
Davies was forced out of the first Wash
ington State contest with four personal
fpuls, or he would be tied with DeGroot.
. — <s>
"Dud" DeGroot is entitled to be called
the "iron man" of the Cardinal varsity
cage squad. Ibe big standing guard
hasn't missed even a minute of play in
any of the conference games. Captain
Davies was forced out of the first Wash
ington State contest with four personal
fpuls, or he would be tied with DeGroot.
. — <s>
"Dud" DeGroot is entitled to be called
the "iron man" of the Cardinal varsity
cage squad. Ibe big standing guard
hasn't missed even a minute of play in
any of the conference games. Captain
Davies was forced out of the first Wash
ington State contest with four personal
fpuls, or he would be tied with DeGroot.
. — <s>
"Dud" DeGroot is entitled to be called
the "iron man" of the Cardinal varsity
cage squad. Ibe big standing guard
hasn't missed even a minute of play in
any of the conference games. Captain
Davies was forced out of the first Wash
ington State contest with four personal
fpuls, or he would be tied with DeGroot.
. — <s>
"Dud" DeGroot is entitled to be called
the "iron man" of the Cardinal varsity
cage squad. Ibe big standing guard
hasn't missed even a minute of play in
any of the conference games. Captain
Davies was forced out of the first Wash
ington State contest with four personal
fpuls, or he would be tied with DeGroot.
. — <s>
"Dud" DeGroot is entitled to be called
the "iron man" of the Cardinal varsity
cage squad. Ibe big standing guard
hasn't missed even a minute of play in
any of the conference games. Captain
Davies was forced out of the first Wash
ington State contest with four personal
fpuls, or he would be tied with DeGroot.
. — <s>
"Dud" DeGroot is entitled to be called
the "iron man" of the Cardinal varsity
cage squad. Ibe big standing guard
hasn't missed even a minute of play in
any of the conference games. Captain
Davies was forced out of the first Wash
ington State contest with four personal
fpuls, or he would be tied with DeGroot.
. — <s>
"Dud" DeGroot is entitled to be called
the "iron man" of the Cardinal varsity
cage squad. Ibe big standing guard
hasn't missed even a minute of play in
any of the conference games. Captain
Davies was forced out of the first Wash
ington State contest with four personal
fpuls, or he would be tied with DeGroot.
. — <s>
"Dud" DeGroot is entitled to be called
the "iron man" of the Cardinal varsity
cage squad. Ibe big standing guard
hasn't missed even a minute of play in
any of the conference games. Captain
Davies was forced out of the first Wash
ington State contest with four personal
fpuls, or he would be tied with DeGroot.
. — <s>
"Dud" DeGroot is entitled to be called
the "iron man" of the Cardinal varsity
cage squad. Ibe big standing guard
hasn't missed even a minute of play in
any of the conference games. Captain
Davies was forced out of the first Wash
ington State contest with four personal
fpuls, or he would be tied with DeGroot.
. — <s>
"Dud" DeGroot is entitled to be called
the "iron man" of the Cardinal varsity
cage squad. Ibe big standing guard
hasn't missed even a minute of play in
any of the conference games. Captain
Davies was forced out of the first Wash
ington State contest with four personal
fpuls, or he would be tied with DeGroot.
. — <s>
"Dud" DeGroot is entitled to be called
the "iron man" of the Cardinal varsity
cage squad. Ibe big standing guard
hasn't missed even a minute of play in
any of the conference games. Captain
Davies was forced out of the first Wash
ington State contest with four personal
fpuls, or he would be tied with DeGroot.
