# J.S. Hess, '09, Sustains Operation
## 
### 
—J. S. Hess, 'Of), is around the cam
pus again after having successfully
undergone an operation for appendi
citis.
—J. S. Hess, 'Of), is around the cam
pus again after having successfully
undergone an operation for appendi
citis.
—J. S. Hess, 'Of), is around the cam
pus again after having successfully
undergone an operation for appendi
citis.
—J. S. Hess, 'Of), is around the cam
pus again after having successfully
undergone an operation for appendi
citis.
—J. S. Hess, 'Of), is around the cam
pus again after having successfully
undergone an operation for appendi
citis.
—J. S. Hess, 'Of), is around the cam
pus again after having successfully
undergone an operation for appendi
citis.
—J. S. Hess, 'Of), is around the cam
pus again after having successfully
undergone an operation for appendi
citis.
—J. S. Hess, 'Of), is around the cam
pus again after having successfully
undergone an operation for appendi
citis.
—J. S. Hess, 'Of), is around the cam
pus again after having successfully
undergone an operation for appendi
citis.
—J. S. Hess, 'Of), is around the cam
pus again after having successfully
undergone an operation for appendi
citis.
