# Adv. 26 Page 8
## 
### 
Andersen
Consulting
ARTHUR ANDERSEN & CO.
INVITES SENIORS
TO VISIT
OUR BOOTH
AT THE
Stanford Career Faire
Friday
October 14th
10:00 am - 3:00 pm
Recent Stanford graduates,
now staff consultants with
Andersen Consulting, will
be available to answer your
questions regarding
careers with our firm.
Andersen
Consulting
ARTHUR ANDERSEN & CO.
INVITES SENIORS
TO VISIT
OUR BOOTH
AT THE
Stanford Career Faire
Friday
October 14th
10:00 am - 3:00 pm
Recent Stanford graduates,
now staff consultants with
Andersen Consulting, will
be available to answer your
questions regarding
careers with our firm.
Andersen
Consulting
ARTHUR ANDERSEN & CO.
INVITES SENIORS
TO VISIT
OUR BOOTH
AT THE
Stanford Career Faire
Friday
October 14th
10:00 am - 3:00 pm
Recent Stanford graduates,
now staff consultants with
Andersen Consulting, will
be available to answer your
questions regarding
careers with our firm.
Andersen
Consulting
ARTHUR ANDERSEN & CO.
INVITES SENIORS
TO VISIT
OUR BOOTH
AT THE
Stanford Career Faire
Friday
October 14th
10:00 am - 3:00 pm
Recent Stanford graduates,
now staff consultants with
Andersen Consulting, will
be available to answer your
questions regarding
careers with our firm.
Andersen
Consulting
ARTHUR ANDERSEN & CO.
INVITES SENIORS
TO VISIT
OUR BOOTH
AT THE
Stanford Career Faire
Friday
October 14th
10:00 am - 3:00 pm
Recent Stanford graduates,
now staff consultants with
Andersen Consulting, will
be available to answer your
questions regarding
careers with our firm.
Andersen
Consulting
ARTHUR ANDERSEN & CO.
INVITES SENIORS
TO VISIT
OUR BOOTH
AT THE
Stanford Career Faire
Friday
October 14th
10:00 am - 3:00 pm
Recent Stanford graduates,
now staff consultants with
Andersen Consulting, will
be available to answer your
questions regarding
careers with our firm.
Andersen
Consulting
ARTHUR ANDERSEN & CO.
INVITES SENIORS
TO VISIT
OUR BOOTH
AT THE
Stanford Career Faire
Friday
October 14th
10:00 am - 3:00 pm
Recent Stanford graduates,
now staff consultants with
Andersen Consulting, will
be available to answer your
questions regarding
careers with our firm.
Andersen
Consulting
ARTHUR ANDERSEN & CO.
INVITES SENIORS
TO VISIT
OUR BOOTH
AT THE
Stanford Career Faire
Friday
October 14th
10:00 am - 3:00 pm
Recent Stanford graduates,
now staff consultants with
Andersen Consulting, will
be available to answer your
questions regarding
careers with our firm.
