# Adv. 20 Page 7
## 
### 
H©USE OF BAGELS
220 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto, CA 94301
(415) 323-8474
IWI
SENIOR PRE-MED
STUDENTS.
Could you use a scholarship for
medical school? Why not
investigate the Armed Forces
Health Protessions Scholarship
Program, with sponsorship by
the U S Air Force Current
senior premedical students ot
medicine or osteopathy may
now compete for Air Force
scholarships We want to help
you continue your education
Contact your local Air Force
health professions represen
tative for details Call
1-800-423-USAF
TOLL FREE
AlR_^.
H©USE OF BAGELS
220 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto, CA 94301
(415) 323-8474
IWI
SENIOR PRE-MED
STUDENTS.
Could you use a scholarship for
medical school? Why not
investigate the Armed Forces
Health Protessions Scholarship
Program, with sponsorship by
the U S Air Force Current
senior premedical students ot
medicine or osteopathy may
now compete for Air Force
scholarships We want to help
you continue your education
Contact your local Air Force
health professions represen
tative for details Call
1-800-423-USAF
TOLL FREE
AlR_^.
H©USE OF BAGELS
220 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto, CA 94301
(415) 323-8474
IWI
SENIOR PRE-MED
STUDENTS.
Could you use a scholarship for
medical school? Why not
investigate the Armed Forces
Health Protessions Scholarship
Program, with sponsorship by
the U S Air Force Current
senior premedical students ot
medicine or osteopathy may
now compete for Air Force
scholarships We want to help
you continue your education
Contact your local Air Force
health professions represen
tative for details Call
1-800-423-USAF
TOLL FREE
AlR_^.
H©USE OF BAGELS
220 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto, CA 94301
(415) 323-8474
IWI
SENIOR PRE-MED
STUDENTS.
Could you use a scholarship for
medical school? Why not
investigate the Armed Forces
Health Protessions Scholarship
Program, with sponsorship by
the U S Air Force Current
senior premedical students ot
medicine or osteopathy may
now compete for Air Force
scholarships We want to help
you continue your education
Contact your local Air Force
health professions represen
tative for details Call
1-800-423-USAF
TOLL FREE
AlR_^.
H©USE OF BAGELS
220 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto, CA 94301
(415) 323-8474
IWI
SENIOR PRE-MED
STUDENTS.
Could you use a scholarship for
medical school? Why not
investigate the Armed Forces
Health Protessions Scholarship
Program, with sponsorship by
the U S Air Force Current
senior premedical students ot
medicine or osteopathy may
now compete for Air Force
scholarships We want to help
you continue your education
Contact your local Air Force
health professions represen
tative for details Call
1-800-423-USAF
TOLL FREE
AlR_^.
H©USE OF BAGELS
220 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto, CA 94301
(415) 323-8474
IWI
SENIOR PRE-MED
STUDENTS.
Could you use a scholarship for
medical school? Why not
investigate the Armed Forces
Health Protessions Scholarship
Program, with sponsorship by
the U S Air Force Current
senior premedical students ot
medicine or osteopathy may
now compete for Air Force
scholarships We want to help
you continue your education
Contact your local Air Force
health professions represen
tative for details Call
1-800-423-USAF
TOLL FREE
AlR_^.
H©USE OF BAGELS
220 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto, CA 94301
(415) 323-8474
IWI
SENIOR PRE-MED
STUDENTS.
Could you use a scholarship for
medical school? Why not
investigate the Armed Forces
Health Protessions Scholarship
Program, with sponsorship by
the U S Air Force Current
senior premedical students ot
medicine or osteopathy may
now compete for Air Force
scholarships We want to help
you continue your education
Contact your local Air Force
health professions represen
tative for details Call
1-800-423-USAF
TOLL FREE
AlR_^.
H©USE OF BAGELS
220 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto, CA 94301
(415) 323-8474
IWI
SENIOR PRE-MED
STUDENTS.
Could you use a scholarship for
medical school? Why not
investigate the Armed Forces
Health Protessions Scholarship
Program, with sponsorship by
the U S Air Force Current
senior premedical students ot
medicine or osteopathy may
now compete for Air Force
scholarships We want to help
you continue your education
Contact your local Air Force
health professions represen
tative for details Call
1-800-423-USAF
TOLL FREE
AlR_^.
