# Adv. 21 Page 4
## 
### 
There'* a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford part*
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There'* a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford part*
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There'* a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford part*
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There'* a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford part*
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There'* a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford part*
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There'* a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford part*
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There'* a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford part*
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There'* a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford part*
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There'* a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford part*
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There'* a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford part*
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There'* a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford part*
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There'* a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford part*
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There'* a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford part*
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There'* a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford part*
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
