# Matinee Program Concludes Today
## 
### 
The last of this quarter's "Theatre
Matinee"' performances will be pre
sented this afternoon at 1:15 in the
Little Theater in Memorial Audito
rium.
The program will be devoted to a
demonstration of television acting
and directing techniques, and will
include scenes from "Iphigenia in
Tauris," "Everyman," "Merchant, of
Venice," "School for Scandal," and
"Ghosts."
The last of this quarter's "Theatre
Matinee"' performances will be pre
sented this afternoon at 1:15 in the
Little Theater in Memorial Audito
rium.
The program will be devoted to a
demonstration of television acting
and directing techniques, and will
include scenes from "Iphigenia in
Tauris," "Everyman," "Merchant, of
Venice," "School for Scandal," and
"Ghosts."
The last of this quarter's "Theatre
Matinee"' performances will be pre
sented this afternoon at 1:15 in the
Little Theater in Memorial Audito
rium.
The program will be devoted to a
demonstration of television acting
and directing techniques, and will
include scenes from "Iphigenia in
Tauris," "Everyman," "Merchant, of
Venice," "School for Scandal," and
"Ghosts."
The last of this quarter's "Theatre
Matinee"' performances will be pre
sented this afternoon at 1:15 in the
Little Theater in Memorial Audito
rium.
The program will be devoted to a
demonstration of television acting
and directing techniques, and will
include scenes from "Iphigenia in
Tauris," "Everyman," "Merchant, of
Venice," "School for Scandal," and
"Ghosts."
The last of this quarter's "Theatre
Matinee"' performances will be pre
sented this afternoon at 1:15 in the
Little Theater in Memorial Audito
rium.
The program will be devoted to a
demonstration of television acting
and directing techniques, and will
include scenes from "Iphigenia in
Tauris," "Everyman," "Merchant, of
Venice," "School for Scandal," and
"Ghosts."
The last of this quarter's "Theatre
Matinee"' performances will be pre
sented this afternoon at 1:15 in the
Little Theater in Memorial Audito
rium.
The program will be devoted to a
demonstration of television acting
and directing techniques, and will
include scenes from "Iphigenia in
Tauris," "Everyman," "Merchant, of
Venice," "School for Scandal," and
"Ghosts."
The last of this quarter's "Theatre
Matinee"' performances will be pre
sented this afternoon at 1:15 in the
Little Theater in Memorial Audito
rium.
The program will be devoted to a
demonstration of television acting
and directing techniques, and will
include scenes from "Iphigenia in
Tauris," "Everyman," "Merchant, of
Venice," "School for Scandal," and
"Ghosts."
The last of this quarter's "Theatre
Matinee"' performances will be pre
sented this afternoon at 1:15 in the
Little Theater in Memorial Audito
rium.
The program will be devoted to a
demonstration of television acting
and directing techniques, and will
include scenes from "Iphigenia in
Tauris," "Everyman," "Merchant, of
Venice," "School for Scandal," and
"Ghosts."
The last of this quarter's "Theatre
Matinee"' performances will be pre
sented this afternoon at 1:15 in the
Little Theater in Memorial Audito
rium.
The program will be devoted to a
demonstration of television acting
and directing techniques, and will
include scenes from "Iphigenia in
Tauris," "Everyman," "Merchant, of
Venice," "School for Scandal," and
"Ghosts."
The last of this quarter's "Theatre
Matinee"' performances will be pre
sented this afternoon at 1:15 in the
Little Theater in Memorial Audito
rium.
The program will be devoted to a
demonstration of television acting
and directing techniques, and will
include scenes from "Iphigenia in
Tauris," "Everyman," "Merchant, of
Venice," "School for Scandal," and
"Ghosts."
The last of this quarter's "Theatre
Matinee"' performances will be pre
sented this afternoon at 1:15 in the
Little Theater in Memorial Audito
rium.
The program will be devoted to a
demonstration of television acting
and directing techniques, and will
include scenes from "Iphigenia in
Tauris," "Everyman," "Merchant, of
Venice," "School for Scandal," and
"Ghosts."
The last of this quarter's "Theatre
Matinee"' performances will be pre
sented this afternoon at 1:15 in the
Little Theater in Memorial Audito
rium.
The program will be devoted to a
demonstration of television acting
and directing techniques, and will
include scenes from "Iphigenia in
Tauris," "Everyman," "Merchant, of
Venice," "School for Scandal," and
"Ghosts."
The last of this quarter's "Theatre
Matinee"' performances will be pre
sented this afternoon at 1:15 in the
Little Theater in Memorial Audito
rium.
The program will be devoted to a
demonstration of television acting
and directing techniques, and will
include scenes from "Iphigenia in
Tauris," "Everyman," "Merchant, of
Venice," "School for Scandal," and
"Ghosts."
The last of this quarter's "Theatre
Matinee"' performances will be pre
sented this afternoon at 1:15 in the
Little Theater in Memorial Audito
rium.
The program will be devoted to a
demonstration of television acting
and directing techniques, and will
include scenes from "Iphigenia in
Tauris," "Everyman," "Merchant, of
Venice," "School for Scandal," and
"Ghosts."
