# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Here's a Suit that can
be worn
4 DIFFERENT WAYS
Town and Country
Flannel
$37.50
With an extra pair of
check slacks for
sport wear
ROO4 Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl ScSott '37
Here's a Suit that can
be worn
4 DIFFERENT WAYS
Town and Country
Flannel
$37.50
With an extra pair of
check slacks for
sport wear
ROO4 Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl ScSott '37
Here's a Suit that can
be worn
4 DIFFERENT WAYS
Town and Country
Flannel
$37.50
With an extra pair of
check slacks for
sport wear
ROO4 Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl ScSott '37
Here's a Suit that can
be worn
4 DIFFERENT WAYS
Town and Country
Flannel
$37.50
With an extra pair of
check slacks for
sport wear
ROO4 Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl ScSott '37
Here's a Suit that can
be worn
4 DIFFERENT WAYS
Town and Country
Flannel
$37.50
With an extra pair of
check slacks for
sport wear
ROO4 Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl ScSott '37
Here's a Suit that can
be worn
4 DIFFERENT WAYS
Town and Country
Flannel
$37.50
With an extra pair of
check slacks for
sport wear
ROO4 Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl ScSott '37
Here's a Suit that can
be worn
4 DIFFERENT WAYS
Town and Country
Flannel
$37.50
With an extra pair of
check slacks for
sport wear
ROO4 Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl ScSott '37
Here's a Suit that can
be worn
4 DIFFERENT WAYS
Town and Country
Flannel
$37.50
With an extra pair of
check slacks for
sport wear
ROO4 Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl ScSott '37
Here's a Suit that can
be worn
4 DIFFERENT WAYS
Town and Country
Flannel
$37.50
With an extra pair of
check slacks for
sport wear
ROO4 Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl ScSott '37
Here's a Suit that can
be worn
4 DIFFERENT WAYS
Town and Country
Flannel
$37.50
With an extra pair of
check slacks for
sport wear
ROO4 Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl ScSott '37
Here's a Suit that can
be worn
4 DIFFERENT WAYS
Town and Country
Flannel
$37.50
With an extra pair of
check slacks for
sport wear
ROO4 Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl ScSott '37
Here's a Suit that can
be worn
4 DIFFERENT WAYS
Town and Country
Flannel
$37.50
With an extra pair of
check slacks for
sport wear
ROO4 Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl ScSott '37
Here's a Suit that can
be worn
4 DIFFERENT WAYS
Town and Country
Flannel
$37.50
With an extra pair of
check slacks for
sport wear
ROO4 Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl ScSott '37
Here's a Suit that can
be worn
4 DIFFERENT WAYS
Town and Country
Flannel
$37.50
With an extra pair of
check slacks for
sport wear
ROO4 Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl ScSott '37
Here's a Suit that can
be worn
4 DIFFERENT WAYS
Town and Country
Flannel
$37.50
With an extra pair of
check slacks for
sport wear
ROO4 Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl ScSott '37
