# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Harl Schaffner & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
—write caption for above
cartoon
—get entry blank at
MOORE'S
340 Market Street
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Harl Schaffner & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
—write caption for above
cartoon
—get entry blank at
MOORE'S
340 Market Street
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Harl Schaffner & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
—write caption for above
cartoon
—get entry blank at
MOORE'S
340 Market Street
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Harl Schaffner & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
—write caption for above
cartoon
—get entry blank at
MOORE'S
340 Market Street
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Harl Schaffner & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
—write caption for above
cartoon
—get entry blank at
MOORE'S
340 Market Street
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Harl Schaffner & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
—write caption for above
cartoon
—get entry blank at
MOORE'S
340 Market Street
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Harl Schaffner & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
—write caption for above
cartoon
—get entry blank at
MOORE'S
340 Market Street
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Harl Schaffner & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
—write caption for above
cartoon
—get entry blank at
MOORE'S
340 Market Street
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Harl Schaffner & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
—write caption for above
cartoon
—get entry blank at
MOORE'S
340 Market Street
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Harl Schaffner & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
—write caption for above
cartoon
—get entry blank at
MOORE'S
340 Market Street
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Harl Schaffner & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
—write caption for above
cartoon
—get entry blank at
MOORE'S
340 Market Street
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Harl Schaffner & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
—write caption for above
cartoon
—get entry blank at
MOORE'S
340 Market Street
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Harl Schaffner & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
—write caption for above
cartoon
—get entry blank at
MOORE'S
340 Market Street
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Harl Schaffner & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
—write caption for above
cartoon
—get entry blank at
MOORE'S
340 Market Street
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Harl Schaffner & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
—write caption for above
cartoon
—get entry blank at
MOORE'S
340 Market Street
San Francisco
