# GREEN DINGS LEWIS
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 13 (U.P.). —
President William Green of the
American Federation of Labor today
indirectly characterized John L.
Lewis as "an avowed enemy of la
bor" in a telegram to the Interna
tional Ladies' Garment Workers'
Union.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (U.P.). —
President William Green of the
American Federation of Labor today
indirectly characterized John L.
Lewis as "an avowed enemy of la
bor" in a telegram to the Interna
tional Ladies' Garment Workers'
Union.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (U.P.). —
President William Green of the
American Federation of Labor today
indirectly characterized John L.
Lewis as "an avowed enemy of la
bor" in a telegram to the Interna
tional Ladies' Garment Workers'
Union.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (U.P.). —
President William Green of the
American Federation of Labor today
indirectly characterized John L.
Lewis as "an avowed enemy of la
bor" in a telegram to the Interna
tional Ladies' Garment Workers'
Union.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (U.P.). —
President William Green of the
American Federation of Labor today
indirectly characterized John L.
Lewis as "an avowed enemy of la
bor" in a telegram to the Interna
tional Ladies' Garment Workers'
Union.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (U.P.). —
President William Green of the
American Federation of Labor today
indirectly characterized John L.
Lewis as "an avowed enemy of la
bor" in a telegram to the Interna
tional Ladies' Garment Workers'
Union.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (U.P.). —
President William Green of the
American Federation of Labor today
indirectly characterized John L.
Lewis as "an avowed enemy of la
bor" in a telegram to the Interna
tional Ladies' Garment Workers'
Union.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (U.P.). —
President William Green of the
American Federation of Labor today
indirectly characterized John L.
Lewis as "an avowed enemy of la
bor" in a telegram to the Interna
tional Ladies' Garment Workers'
Union.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (U.P.). —
President William Green of the
American Federation of Labor today
indirectly characterized John L.
Lewis as "an avowed enemy of la
bor" in a telegram to the Interna
tional Ladies' Garment Workers'
Union.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (U.P.). —
President William Green of the
American Federation of Labor today
indirectly characterized John L.
Lewis as "an avowed enemy of la
bor" in a telegram to the Interna
tional Ladies' Garment Workers'
Union.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (U.P.). —
President William Green of the
American Federation of Labor today
indirectly characterized John L.
Lewis as "an avowed enemy of la
bor" in a telegram to the Interna
tional Ladies' Garment Workers'
Union.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (U.P.). —
President William Green of the
American Federation of Labor today
indirectly characterized John L.
Lewis as "an avowed enemy of la
bor" in a telegram to the Interna
tional Ladies' Garment Workers'
Union.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (U.P.). —
President William Green of the
American Federation of Labor today
indirectly characterized John L.
Lewis as "an avowed enemy of la
bor" in a telegram to the Interna
tional Ladies' Garment Workers'
Union.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (U.P.). —
President William Green of the
American Federation of Labor today
indirectly characterized John L.
Lewis as "an avowed enemy of la
bor" in a telegram to the Interna
tional Ladies' Garment Workers'
Union.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (U.P.). —
President William Green of the
American Federation of Labor today
indirectly characterized John L.
Lewis as "an avowed enemy of la
bor" in a telegram to the Interna
tional Ladies' Garment Workers'
Union.
