# Paly To Revote On Masters, Cashel
## 
### 
In a run-off election for the pur
pose of choosing a member of the
Palo Alto City Council defintely set
for next Tuesday, A1 Masters, Stan
ford graduate manager, is a candi
date. His opponent is Edward F.
Cashel.
John Pearce Mitchell, registrar,
was elected to the council in last
Tuesday's elect ion. He will take of
fice on July 1 for a six-year term.
In a run-off election for the pur
pose of choosing a member of the
Palo Alto City Council defintely set
for next Tuesday, A1 Masters, Stan
ford graduate manager, is a candi
date. His opponent is Edward F.
Cashel.
John Pearce Mitchell, registrar,
was elected to the council in last
Tuesday's elect ion. He will take of
fice on July 1 for a six-year term.
In a run-off election for the pur
pose of choosing a member of the
Palo Alto City Council defintely set
for next Tuesday, A1 Masters, Stan
ford graduate manager, is a candi
date. His opponent is Edward F.
Cashel.
John Pearce Mitchell, registrar,
was elected to the council in last
Tuesday's elect ion. He will take of
fice on July 1 for a six-year term.
In a run-off election for the pur
pose of choosing a member of the
Palo Alto City Council defintely set
for next Tuesday, A1 Masters, Stan
ford graduate manager, is a candi
date. His opponent is Edward F.
Cashel.
John Pearce Mitchell, registrar,
was elected to the council in last
Tuesday's elect ion. He will take of
fice on July 1 for a six-year term.
In a run-off election for the pur
pose of choosing a member of the
Palo Alto City Council defintely set
for next Tuesday, A1 Masters, Stan
ford graduate manager, is a candi
date. His opponent is Edward F.
Cashel.
John Pearce Mitchell, registrar,
was elected to the council in last
Tuesday's elect ion. He will take of
fice on July 1 for a six-year term.
In a run-off election for the pur
pose of choosing a member of the
Palo Alto City Council defintely set
for next Tuesday, A1 Masters, Stan
ford graduate manager, is a candi
date. His opponent is Edward F.
Cashel.
John Pearce Mitchell, registrar,
was elected to the council in last
Tuesday's elect ion. He will take of
fice on July 1 for a six-year term.
In a run-off election for the pur
pose of choosing a member of the
Palo Alto City Council defintely set
for next Tuesday, A1 Masters, Stan
ford graduate manager, is a candi
date. His opponent is Edward F.
Cashel.
John Pearce Mitchell, registrar,
was elected to the council in last
Tuesday's elect ion. He will take of
fice on July 1 for a six-year term.
In a run-off election for the pur
pose of choosing a member of the
Palo Alto City Council defintely set
for next Tuesday, A1 Masters, Stan
ford graduate manager, is a candi
date. His opponent is Edward F.
Cashel.
John Pearce Mitchell, registrar,
was elected to the council in last
Tuesday's elect ion. He will take of
fice on July 1 for a six-year term.
In a run-off election for the pur
pose of choosing a member of the
Palo Alto City Council defintely set
for next Tuesday, A1 Masters, Stan
ford graduate manager, is a candi
date. His opponent is Edward F.
Cashel.
John Pearce Mitchell, registrar,
was elected to the council in last
Tuesday's elect ion. He will take of
fice on July 1 for a six-year term.
In a run-off election for the pur
pose of choosing a member of the
Palo Alto City Council defintely set
for next Tuesday, A1 Masters, Stan
ford graduate manager, is a candi
date. His opponent is Edward F.
Cashel.
John Pearce Mitchell, registrar,
was elected to the council in last
Tuesday's elect ion. He will take of
fice on July 1 for a six-year term.
In a run-off election for the pur
pose of choosing a member of the
Palo Alto City Council defintely set
for next Tuesday, A1 Masters, Stan
ford graduate manager, is a candi
date. His opponent is Edward F.
Cashel.
John Pearce Mitchell, registrar,
was elected to the council in last
Tuesday's elect ion. He will take of
fice on July 1 for a six-year term.
In a run-off election for the pur
pose of choosing a member of the
Palo Alto City Council defintely set
for next Tuesday, A1 Masters, Stan
ford graduate manager, is a candi
date. His opponent is Edward F.
Cashel.
John Pearce Mitchell, registrar,
was elected to the council in last
Tuesday's elect ion. He will take of
fice on July 1 for a six-year term.
In a run-off election for the pur
pose of choosing a member of the
Palo Alto City Council defintely set
for next Tuesday, A1 Masters, Stan
ford graduate manager, is a candi
date. His opponent is Edward F.
Cashel.
John Pearce Mitchell, registrar,
was elected to the council in last
Tuesday's elect ion. He will take of
fice on July 1 for a six-year term.
In a run-off election for the pur
pose of choosing a member of the
Palo Alto City Council defintely set
for next Tuesday, A1 Masters, Stan
ford graduate manager, is a candi
date. His opponent is Edward F.
Cashel.
John Pearce Mitchell, registrar,
was elected to the council in last
Tuesday's elect ion. He will take of
fice on July 1 for a six-year term.
In a run-off election for the pur
pose of choosing a member of the
Palo Alto City Council defintely set
for next Tuesday, A1 Masters, Stan
ford graduate manager, is a candi
date. His opponent is Edward F.
Cashel.
John Pearce Mitchell, registrar,
was elected to the council in last
Tuesday's elect ion. He will take of
fice on July 1 for a six-year term.
