# MAY ORGANIZE RIFLE CLUB AMONG LOCAL ENTHUSIASTS
## 
### 
Students interested i:i rifle practice
arc contemplating the organization of
a ritle club among the men of the uni
versity. A meeting will lis called in
the near future to discuss ways and
means, at which time a descriptive
talk will he given on tlie use of the
I*. a. Army rille and range practice.
Two propositions to be considered
by those interested in forming the
club are whether the prospective club
should affiliate under the authority of
the National Ritle Association, or
merely acc pt the proposition of the
local Company L, which organization
has offered to furnish rides and ammu
nition without placing restrictions on
the members of the student club. Tn
case of affiliation with the govern
ment, standard regulations will have
to lie adopted, and equipm nt may be
obtained at cost. The student riflemen
will be permitted to use the new gov
ernment target range now being con
structed adjoining tha Estate.
Students interested i:i rifle practice
arc contemplating the organization of
a ritle club among the men of the uni
versity. A meeting will lis called in
the near future to discuss ways and
means, at which time a descriptive
talk will he given on tlie use of the
I*. a. Army rille and range practice.
Two propositions to be considered
by those interested in forming the
club are whether the prospective club
should affiliate under the authority of
the National Ritle Association, or
merely acc pt the proposition of the
local Company L, which organization
has offered to furnish rides and ammu
nition without placing restrictions on
the members of the student club. Tn
case of affiliation with the govern
ment, standard regulations will have
to lie adopted, and equipm nt may be
obtained at cost. The student riflemen
will be permitted to use the new gov
ernment target range now being con
structed adjoining tha Estate.
Students interested i:i rifle practice
arc contemplating the organization of
a ritle club among the men of the uni
versity. A meeting will lis called in
the near future to discuss ways and
means, at which time a descriptive
talk will he given on tlie use of the
I*. a. Army rille and range practice.
Two propositions to be considered
by those interested in forming the
club are whether the prospective club
should affiliate under the authority of
the National Ritle Association, or
merely acc pt the proposition of the
local Company L, which organization
has offered to furnish rides and ammu
nition without placing restrictions on
the members of the student club. Tn
case of affiliation with the govern
ment, standard regulations will have
to lie adopted, and equipm nt may be
obtained at cost. The student riflemen
will be permitted to use the new gov
ernment target range now being con
structed adjoining tha Estate.
Students interested i:i rifle practice
arc contemplating the organization of
a ritle club among the men of the uni
versity. A meeting will lis called in
the near future to discuss ways and
means, at which time a descriptive
talk will he given on tlie use of the
I*. a. Army rille and range practice.
Two propositions to be considered
by those interested in forming the
club are whether the prospective club
should affiliate under the authority of
the National Ritle Association, or
merely acc pt the proposition of the
local Company L, which organization
has offered to furnish rides and ammu
nition without placing restrictions on
the members of the student club. Tn
case of affiliation with the govern
ment, standard regulations will have
to lie adopted, and equipm nt may be
obtained at cost. The student riflemen
will be permitted to use the new gov
ernment target range now being con
structed adjoining tha Estate.
Students interested i:i rifle practice
arc contemplating the organization of
a ritle club among the men of the uni
versity. A meeting will lis called in
the near future to discuss ways and
means, at which time a descriptive
talk will he given on tlie use of the
I*. a. Army rille and range practice.
Two propositions to be considered
by those interested in forming the
club are whether the prospective club
should affiliate under the authority of
the National Ritle Association, or
merely acc pt the proposition of the
local Company L, which organization
has offered to furnish rides and ammu
nition without placing restrictions on
the members of the student club. Tn
case of affiliation with the govern
ment, standard regulations will have
to lie adopted, and equipm nt may be
obtained at cost. The student riflemen
will be permitted to use the new gov
ernment target range now being con
structed adjoining tha Estate.
Students interested i:i rifle practice
arc contemplating the organization of
a ritle club among the men of the uni
versity. A meeting will lis called in
the near future to discuss ways and
means, at which time a descriptive
talk will he given on tlie use of the
I*. a. Army rille and range practice.
Two propositions to be considered
by those interested in forming the
club are whether the prospective club
should affiliate under the authority of
the National Ritle Association, or
merely acc pt the proposition of the
local Company L, which organization
has offered to furnish rides and ammu
nition without placing restrictions on
the members of the student club. Tn
case of affiliation with the govern
ment, standard regulations will have
to lie adopted, and equipm nt may be
obtained at cost. The student riflemen
will be permitted to use the new gov
ernment target range now being con
structed adjoining tha Estate.
Students interested i:i rifle practice
arc contemplating the organization of
a ritle club among the men of the uni
versity. A meeting will lis called in
the near future to discuss ways and
means, at which time a descriptive
talk will he given on tlie use of the
I*. a. Army rille and range practice.
Two propositions to be considered
by those interested in forming the
club are whether the prospective club
should affiliate under the authority of
the National Ritle Association, or
merely acc pt the proposition of the
local Company L, which organization
has offered to furnish rides and ammu
nition without placing restrictions on
the members of the student club. Tn
case of affiliation with the govern
ment, standard regulations will have
to lie adopted, and equipm nt may be
obtained at cost. The student riflemen
will be permitted to use the new gov
ernment target range now being con
structed adjoining tha Estate.
Students interested i:i rifle practice
arc contemplating the organization of
a ritle club among the men of the uni
versity. A meeting will lis called in
the near future to discuss ways and
means, at which time a descriptive
talk will he given on tlie use of the
I*. a. Army rille and range practice.
Two propositions to be considered
by those interested in forming the
club are whether the prospective club
should affiliate under the authority of
the National Ritle Association, or
merely acc pt the proposition of the
local Company L, which organization
has offered to furnish rides and ammu
nition without placing restrictions on
the members of the student club. Tn
case of affiliation with the govern
ment, standard regulations will have
to lie adopted, and equipm nt may be
obtained at cost. The student riflemen
will be permitted to use the new gov
ernment target range now being con
structed adjoining tha Estate.
Students interested i:i rifle practice
arc contemplating the organization of
a ritle club among the men of the uni
versity. A meeting will lis called in
the near future to discuss ways and
means, at which time a descriptive
talk will he given on tlie use of the
I*. a. Army rille and range practice.
Two propositions to be considered
by those interested in forming the
club are whether the prospective club
should affiliate under the authority of
the National Ritle Association, or
merely acc pt the proposition of the
local Company L, which organization
has offered to furnish rides and ammu
nition without placing restrictions on
the members of the student club. Tn
case of affiliation with the govern
ment, standard regulations will have
to lie adopted, and equipm nt may be
obtained at cost. The student riflemen
will be permitted to use the new gov
ernment target range now being con
structed adjoining tha Estate.
Students interested i:i rifle practice
arc contemplating the organization of
a ritle club among the men of the uni
versity. A meeting will lis called in
the near future to discuss ways and
means, at which time a descriptive
talk will he given on tlie use of the
I*. a. Army rille and range practice.
Two propositions to be considered
by those interested in forming the
club are whether the prospective club
should affiliate under the authority of
the National Ritle Association, or
merely acc pt the proposition of the
local Company L, which organization
has offered to furnish rides and ammu
nition without placing restrictions on
the members of the student club. Tn
case of affiliation with the govern
ment, standard regulations will have
to lie adopted, and equipm nt may be
obtained at cost. The student riflemen
will be permitted to use the new gov
ernment target range now being con
structed adjoining tha Estate.
Students interested i:i rifle practice
arc contemplating the organization of
a ritle club among the men of the uni
versity. A meeting will lis called in
the near future to discuss ways and
means, at which time a descriptive
talk will he given on tlie use of the
I*. a. Army rille and range practice.
Two propositions to be considered
by those interested in forming the
club are whether the prospective club
should affiliate under the authority of
the National Ritle Association, or
merely acc pt the proposition of the
local Company L, which organization
has offered to furnish rides and ammu
nition without placing restrictions on
the members of the student club. Tn
case of affiliation with the govern
ment, standard regulations will have
to lie adopted, and equipm nt may be
obtained at cost. The student riflemen
will be permitted to use the new gov
ernment target range now being con
structed adjoining tha Estate.
Students interested i:i rifle practice
arc contemplating the organization of
a ritle club among the men of the uni
versity. A meeting will lis called in
the near future to discuss ways and
means, at which time a descriptive
talk will he given on tlie use of the
I*. a. Army rille and range practice.
Two propositions to be considered
by those interested in forming the
club are whether the prospective club
should affiliate under the authority of
the National Ritle Association, or
merely acc pt the proposition of the
local Company L, which organization
has offered to furnish rides and ammu
nition without placing restrictions on
the members of the student club. Tn
case of affiliation with the govern
ment, standard regulations will have
to lie adopted, and equipm nt may be
obtained at cost. The student riflemen
will be permitted to use the new gov
ernment target range now being con
structed adjoining tha Estate.
Students interested i:i rifle practice
arc contemplating the organization of
a ritle club among the men of the uni
versity. A meeting will lis called in
the near future to discuss ways and
means, at which time a descriptive
talk will he given on tlie use of the
I*. a. Army rille and range practice.
Two propositions to be considered
by those interested in forming the
club are whether the prospective club
should affiliate under the authority of
the National Ritle Association, or
merely acc pt the proposition of the
local Company L, which organization
has offered to furnish rides and ammu
nition without placing restrictions on
the members of the student club. Tn
case of affiliation with the govern
ment, standard regulations will have
to lie adopted, and equipm nt may be
obtained at cost. The student riflemen
will be permitted to use the new gov
ernment target range now being con
structed adjoining tha Estate.
