# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Arno Dosch, war correspondent for
the New York World and World's
Work, will lecture at the Armory in
Palo Alto Wednerdav eveninu: on the
subject "From Louvain to Arras."
Arno Dosch, war correspondent for
the New York World and World's
Work, will lecture at the Armory in
Palo Alto Wednerdav eveninu: on the
subject "From Louvain to Arras."
Arno Dosch, war correspondent for
the New York World and World's
Work, will lecture at the Armory in
Palo Alto Wednerdav eveninu: on the
subject "From Louvain to Arras."
Arno Dosch, war correspondent for
the New York World and World's
Work, will lecture at the Armory in
Palo Alto Wednerdav eveninu: on the
subject "From Louvain to Arras."
Arno Dosch, war correspondent for
the New York World and World's
Work, will lecture at the Armory in
Palo Alto Wednerdav eveninu: on the
subject "From Louvain to Arras."
Arno Dosch, war correspondent for
the New York World and World's
Work, will lecture at the Armory in
Palo Alto Wednerdav eveninu: on the
subject "From Louvain to Arras."
Arno Dosch, war correspondent for
the New York World and World's
Work, will lecture at the Armory in
Palo Alto Wednerdav eveninu: on the
subject "From Louvain to Arras."
Arno Dosch, war correspondent for
the New York World and World's
Work, will lecture at the Armory in
Palo Alto Wednerdav eveninu: on the
subject "From Louvain to Arras."
Arno Dosch, war correspondent for
the New York World and World's
Work, will lecture at the Armory in
Palo Alto Wednerdav eveninu: on the
subject "From Louvain to Arras."
Arno Dosch, war correspondent for
the New York World and World's
Work, will lecture at the Armory in
Palo Alto Wednerdav eveninu: on the
subject "From Louvain to Arras."
Arno Dosch, war correspondent for
the New York World and World's
Work, will lecture at the Armory in
Palo Alto Wednerdav eveninu: on the
subject "From Louvain to Arras."
Arno Dosch, war correspondent for
the New York World and World's
Work, will lecture at the Armory in
Palo Alto Wednerdav eveninu: on the
subject "From Louvain to Arras."
Arno Dosch, war correspondent for
the New York World and World's
Work, will lecture at the Armory in
Palo Alto Wednerdav eveninu: on the
subject "From Louvain to Arras."
