# LAW SCHOOLS MAY GIVE OUT FREE LEGAL ADVICE
## 
### 
Professors C. A. Huston and A. M.
Cathcart are in San Francisco today
as Stanford delegates to a meeting of
representatives of local law schools
and colleges and other organizations
interested in the formation of a legal
aid society, or "law clinic" in San
Francisco.
The Stanford men are attending the
meeting on the invitation of Presiding
Judge Kerrigan of the court of ap
peals, in whose chambers the session
is being held. The purpose of the
gathering is to discuss ways and means
for conducting a free legal advice bu
reau for the benefit of persons unable
to employ lawyers.
Organizations of this kind have been
in operation in certain eastern cities
for some years. New York City was
among the first cities to establish a
bureau for the purpose of assisting
needy people requiring legal assist
ance, and the plan has worked very
successfully there. About twenty cit
ies in all have adopted methods simi
lar to those of New York, prominent
among them being Chicago, Boston
and Kansas City.
Mr. O. K. Cushing, president of the
San Francisco Associated Charities,
and donor of the Cushing prize, who
gave a course in legal ethics at Stan
ford last year, has been one of the
most consistent workers among those
who have been trying to bring about
the establishment of the legal bureau.
Professors C. A. Huston and A. M.
Cathcart are in San Francisco today
as Stanford delegates to a meeting of
representatives of local law schools
and colleges and other organizations
interested in the formation of a legal
aid society, or "law clinic" in San
Francisco.
The Stanford men are attending the
meeting on the invitation of Presiding
Judge Kerrigan of the court of ap
peals, in whose chambers the session
is being held. The purpose of the
gathering is to discuss ways and means
for conducting a free legal advice bu
reau for the benefit of persons unable
to employ lawyers.
Organizations of this kind have been
in operation in certain eastern cities
for some years. New York City was
among the first cities to establish a
bureau for the purpose of assisting
needy people requiring legal assist
ance, and the plan has worked very
successfully there. About twenty cit
ies in all have adopted methods simi
lar to those of New York, prominent
among them being Chicago, Boston
and Kansas City.
Mr. O. K. Cushing, president of the
San Francisco Associated Charities,
and donor of the Cushing prize, who
gave a course in legal ethics at Stan
ford last year, has been one of the
most consistent workers among those
who have been trying to bring about
the establishment of the legal bureau.
Professors C. A. Huston and A. M.
Cathcart are in San Francisco today
as Stanford delegates to a meeting of
representatives of local law schools
and colleges and other organizations
interested in the formation of a legal
aid society, or "law clinic" in San
Francisco.
The Stanford men are attending the
meeting on the invitation of Presiding
Judge Kerrigan of the court of ap
peals, in whose chambers the session
is being held. The purpose of the
gathering is to discuss ways and means
for conducting a free legal advice bu
reau for the benefit of persons unable
to employ lawyers.
Organizations of this kind have been
in operation in certain eastern cities
for some years. New York City was
among the first cities to establish a
bureau for the purpose of assisting
needy people requiring legal assist
ance, and the plan has worked very
successfully there. About twenty cit
ies in all have adopted methods simi
lar to those of New York, prominent
among them being Chicago, Boston
and Kansas City.
Mr. O. K. Cushing, president of the
San Francisco Associated Charities,
and donor of the Cushing prize, who
gave a course in legal ethics at Stan
ford last year, has been one of the
most consistent workers among those
who have been trying to bring about
the establishment of the legal bureau.
Professors C. A. Huston and A. M.
Cathcart are in San Francisco today
as Stanford delegates to a meeting of
representatives of local law schools
and colleges and other organizations
interested in the formation of a legal
aid society, or "law clinic" in San
Francisco.
The Stanford men are attending the
meeting on the invitation of Presiding
Judge Kerrigan of the court of ap
peals, in whose chambers the session
is being held. The purpose of the
gathering is to discuss ways and means
for conducting a free legal advice bu
reau for the benefit of persons unable
to employ lawyers.
Organizations of this kind have been
in operation in certain eastern cities
for some years. New York City was
among the first cities to establish a
bureau for the purpose of assisting
needy people requiring legal assist
ance, and the plan has worked very
successfully there. About twenty cit
ies in all have adopted methods simi
lar to those of New York, prominent
among them being Chicago, Boston
and Kansas City.
Mr. O. K. Cushing, president of the
San Francisco Associated Charities,
and donor of the Cushing prize, who
gave a course in legal ethics at Stan
ford last year, has been one of the
most consistent workers among those
who have been trying to bring about
the establishment of the legal bureau.
Professors C. A. Huston and A. M.
Cathcart are in San Francisco today
as Stanford delegates to a meeting of
representatives of local law schools
and colleges and other organizations
interested in the formation of a legal
aid society, or "law clinic" in San
Francisco.
The Stanford men are attending the
meeting on the invitation of Presiding
Judge Kerrigan of the court of ap
peals, in whose chambers the session
is being held. The purpose of the
gathering is to discuss ways and means
for conducting a free legal advice bu
reau for the benefit of persons unable
to employ lawyers.
Organizations of this kind have been
in operation in certain eastern cities
for some years. New York City was
among the first cities to establish a
bureau for the purpose of assisting
needy people requiring legal assist
ance, and the plan has worked very
successfully there. About twenty cit
ies in all have adopted methods simi
lar to those of New York, prominent
among them being Chicago, Boston
and Kansas City.
Mr. O. K. Cushing, president of the
San Francisco Associated Charities,
and donor of the Cushing prize, who
gave a course in legal ethics at Stan
ford last year, has been one of the
most consistent workers among those
who have been trying to bring about
the establishment of the legal bureau.
Professors C. A. Huston and A. M.
Cathcart are in San Francisco today
as Stanford delegates to a meeting of
representatives of local law schools
and colleges and other organizations
interested in the formation of a legal
aid society, or "law clinic" in San
Francisco.
The Stanford men are attending the
meeting on the invitation of Presiding
Judge Kerrigan of the court of ap
peals, in whose chambers the session
is being held. The purpose of the
gathering is to discuss ways and means
for conducting a free legal advice bu
reau for the benefit of persons unable
to employ lawyers.
Organizations of this kind have been
in operation in certain eastern cities
for some years. New York City was
among the first cities to establish a
bureau for the purpose of assisting
needy people requiring legal assist
ance, and the plan has worked very
successfully there. About twenty cit
ies in all have adopted methods simi
lar to those of New York, prominent
among them being Chicago, Boston
and Kansas City.
Mr. O. K. Cushing, president of the
San Francisco Associated Charities,
and donor of the Cushing prize, who
gave a course in legal ethics at Stan
ford last year, has been one of the
most consistent workers among those
who have been trying to bring about
the establishment of the legal bureau.
Professors C. A. Huston and A. M.
Cathcart are in San Francisco today
as Stanford delegates to a meeting of
representatives of local law schools
and colleges and other organizations
interested in the formation of a legal
aid society, or "law clinic" in San
Francisco.
The Stanford men are attending the
meeting on the invitation of Presiding
Judge Kerrigan of the court of ap
peals, in whose chambers the session
is being held. The purpose of the
gathering is to discuss ways and means
for conducting a free legal advice bu
reau for the benefit of persons unable
to employ lawyers.
Organizations of this kind have been
in operation in certain eastern cities
for some years. New York City was
among the first cities to establish a
bureau for the purpose of assisting
needy people requiring legal assist
ance, and the plan has worked very
successfully there. About twenty cit
ies in all have adopted methods simi
lar to those of New York, prominent
among them being Chicago, Boston
and Kansas City.
Mr. O. K. Cushing, president of the
San Francisco Associated Charities,
and donor of the Cushing prize, who
gave a course in legal ethics at Stan
ford last year, has been one of the
most consistent workers among those
who have been trying to bring about
the establishment of the legal bureau.
Professors C. A. Huston and A. M.
Cathcart are in San Francisco today
as Stanford delegates to a meeting of
representatives of local law schools
and colleges and other organizations
interested in the formation of a legal
aid society, or "law clinic" in San
Francisco.
The Stanford men are attending the
meeting on the invitation of Presiding
Judge Kerrigan of the court of ap
peals, in whose chambers the session
is being held. The purpose of the
gathering is to discuss ways and means
for conducting a free legal advice bu
reau for the benefit of persons unable
to employ lawyers.
Organizations of this kind have been
in operation in certain eastern cities
for some years. New York City was
among the first cities to establish a
bureau for the purpose of assisting
needy people requiring legal assist
ance, and the plan has worked very
successfully there. About twenty cit
ies in all have adopted methods simi
lar to those of New York, prominent
among them being Chicago, Boston
and Kansas City.
Mr. O. K. Cushing, president of the
San Francisco Associated Charities,
and donor of the Cushing prize, who
gave a course in legal ethics at Stan
ford last year, has been one of the
most consistent workers among those
who have been trying to bring about
the establishment of the legal bureau.
Professors C. A. Huston and A. M.
Cathcart are in San Francisco today
as Stanford delegates to a meeting of
representatives of local law schools
and colleges and other organizations
interested in the formation of a legal
aid society, or "law clinic" in San
Francisco.
The Stanford men are attending the
meeting on the invitation of Presiding
Judge Kerrigan of the court of ap
peals, in whose chambers the session
is being held. The purpose of the
gathering is to discuss ways and means
for conducting a free legal advice bu
reau for the benefit of persons unable
to employ lawyers.
Organizations of this kind have been
in operation in certain eastern cities
for some years. New York City was
among the first cities to establish a
bureau for the purpose of assisting
needy people requiring legal assist
ance, and the plan has worked very
successfully there. About twenty cit
ies in all have adopted methods simi
lar to those of New York, prominent
among them being Chicago, Boston
and Kansas City.
Mr. O. K. Cushing, president of the
San Francisco Associated Charities,
and donor of the Cushing prize, who
gave a course in legal ethics at Stan
ford last year, has been one of the
most consistent workers among those
who have been trying to bring about
the establishment of the legal bureau.
Professors C. A. Huston and A. M.
Cathcart are in San Francisco today
as Stanford delegates to a meeting of
representatives of local law schools
and colleges and other organizations
interested in the formation of a legal
aid society, or "law clinic" in San
Francisco.
The Stanford men are attending the
meeting on the invitation of Presiding
Judge Kerrigan of the court of ap
peals, in whose chambers the session
is being held. The purpose of the
gathering is to discuss ways and means
for conducting a free legal advice bu
reau for the benefit of persons unable
to employ lawyers.
Organizations of this kind have been
in operation in certain eastern cities
for some years. New York City was
among the first cities to establish a
bureau for the purpose of assisting
needy people requiring legal assist
ance, and the plan has worked very
successfully there. About twenty cit
ies in all have adopted methods simi
lar to those of New York, prominent
among them being Chicago, Boston
and Kansas City.
Mr. O. K. Cushing, president of the
San Francisco Associated Charities,
and donor of the Cushing prize, who
gave a course in legal ethics at Stan
ford last year, has been one of the
most consistent workers among those
who have been trying to bring about
the establishment of the legal bureau.
Professors C. A. Huston and A. M.
Cathcart are in San Francisco today
as Stanford delegates to a meeting of
representatives of local law schools
and colleges and other organizations
interested in the formation of a legal
aid society, or "law clinic" in San
Francisco.
The Stanford men are attending the
meeting on the invitation of Presiding
Judge Kerrigan of the court of ap
peals, in whose chambers the session
is being held. The purpose of the
gathering is to discuss ways and means
for conducting a free legal advice bu
reau for the benefit of persons unable
to employ lawyers.
Organizations of this kind have been
in operation in certain eastern cities
for some years. New York City was
among the first cities to establish a
bureau for the purpose of assisting
needy people requiring legal assist
ance, and the plan has worked very
successfully there. About twenty cit
ies in all have adopted methods simi
lar to those of New York, prominent
among them being Chicago, Boston
and Kansas City.
Mr. O. K. Cushing, president of the
San Francisco Associated Charities,
and donor of the Cushing prize, who
gave a course in legal ethics at Stan
ford last year, has been one of the
most consistent workers among those
who have been trying to bring about
the establishment of the legal bureau.
Professors C. A. Huston and A. M.
Cathcart are in San Francisco today
as Stanford delegates to a meeting of
representatives of local law schools
and colleges and other organizations
interested in the formation of a legal
aid society, or "law clinic" in San
Francisco.
The Stanford men are attending the
meeting on the invitation of Presiding
Judge Kerrigan of the court of ap
peals, in whose chambers the session
is being held. The purpose of the
gathering is to discuss ways and means
for conducting a free legal advice bu
reau for the benefit of persons unable
to employ lawyers.
Organizations of this kind have been
in operation in certain eastern cities
for some years. New York City was
among the first cities to establish a
bureau for the purpose of assisting
needy people requiring legal assist
ance, and the plan has worked very
successfully there. About twenty cit
ies in all have adopted methods simi
lar to those of New York, prominent
among them being Chicago, Boston
and Kansas City.
Mr. O. K. Cushing, president of the
San Francisco Associated Charities,
and donor of the Cushing prize, who
gave a course in legal ethics at Stan
ford last year, has been one of the
most consistent workers among those
who have been trying to bring about
the establishment of the legal bureau.
Professors C. A. Huston and A. M.
Cathcart are in San Francisco today
as Stanford delegates to a meeting of
representatives of local law schools
and colleges and other organizations
interested in the formation of a legal
aid society, or "law clinic" in San
Francisco.
The Stanford men are attending the
meeting on the invitation of Presiding
Judge Kerrigan of the court of ap
peals, in whose chambers the session
is being held. The purpose of the
gathering is to discuss ways and means
for conducting a free legal advice bu
reau for the benefit of persons unable
to employ lawyers.
Organizations of this kind have been
in operation in certain eastern cities
for some years. New York City was
among the first cities to establish a
bureau for the purpose of assisting
needy people requiring legal assist
ance, and the plan has worked very
successfully there. About twenty cit
ies in all have adopted methods simi
lar to those of New York, prominent
among them being Chicago, Boston
and Kansas City.
Mr. O. K. Cushing, president of the
San Francisco Associated Charities,
and donor of the Cushing prize, who
gave a course in legal ethics at Stan
ford last year, has been one of the
most consistent workers among those
who have been trying to bring about
the establishment of the legal bureau.
