# BERWICK PEACH PRIZE CONTEST TOMORROW
## 
### 
Competition for the Edward Ber
wick, Jr., peace prize will take place
in the chapel tomorrow evening. At,
that time a number of Stanford ora
tors will take the platform in turn to
present papers on the general subject,
of international peace. The speaker
who presents the most effective argu
ment for the work of peace promotion
will receive a prize of fifty dollars.
All who wish to compete in this
contest must hand their names and
subjects to Associate Professor L. E.
Hassett. of the English department
immediately.
This prize is offered by Edward Ber
wick of Pacific drove in honor of his
son, Edward Berwick, Jr., who passed
away several years ago. As the donor
of the prize has been taking an active
part in the great International Peace
Congress in San Francisco this week,
his presence at the contest Tuesday
night is expected. If he is there, it
is probable that he will present the
prize in person.
