# Adv. 20 Page 6
## 
### 
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
