# Adv. 13 Page 5
## 
### 
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Voluinp Dealer
ncw-uscd-fleet-lease
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Voluinp Dealer
ncw-uscd-fleet-lease
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Voluinp Dealer
ncw-uscd-fleet-lease
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Voluinp Dealer
ncw-uscd-fleet-lease
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Voluinp Dealer
ncw-uscd-fleet-lease
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Voluinp Dealer
ncw-uscd-fleet-lease
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Voluinp Dealer
ncw-uscd-fleet-lease
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Voluinp Dealer
ncw-uscd-fleet-lease
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Voluinp Dealer
ncw-uscd-fleet-lease
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Voluinp Dealer
ncw-uscd-fleet-lease
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Voluinp Dealer
ncw-uscd-fleet-lease
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Voluinp Dealer
ncw-uscd-fleet-lease
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Voluinp Dealer
ncw-uscd-fleet-lease
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Voluinp Dealer
ncw-uscd-fleet-lease
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
