# Adv. 26 Page 9
## 
### 
CARLYLES
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
*»•» j
|P
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMFN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Lnrlulp
J EWE I ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLES
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
*»•» j
|P
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMFN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Lnrlulp
J EWE I ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLES
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
*»•» j
|P
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMFN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Lnrlulp
J EWE I ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLES
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
*»•» j
|P
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMFN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Lnrlulp
J EWE I ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLES
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
*»•» j
|P
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMFN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Lnrlulp
J EWE I ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLES
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
*»•» j
|P
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMFN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Lnrlulp
J EWE I ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLES
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
*»•» j
|P
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMFN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Lnrlulp
J EWE I ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLES
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
*»•» j
|P
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMFN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Lnrlulp
J EWE I ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLES
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
*»•» j
|P
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMFN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Lnrlulp
J EWE I ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewelers
For Over 35 Years
