# Schedule.
## 
### 
F ridav.
Mandolin players for' Bryan rally
practice in room 23 quad, 7:00
p.m.
Gym. (Mill) meets in room 159 En
cina, 7 p.m.
Banjo Club meets in room 22 En
cina, 1 p.m.
Saturday.
Freshman learn meets, football
field, 1) am.
Band practice, 0 a.in , Encina gym
nasium.
Chess Club meets in room 11 quad,
at V): 30 a.m.
Euphronia meets, room 31 quad,
7:30 p.m.
Philolexian meets, room 13 quad,
7:30 p.m.
Nestoria meets, room 11 quad, 7:30
p.m.
Alpha meets, room 23 quad, 7:30
p.m.
Stanford-California Bryan Bally,
Metropolitan Temple, San Fran
cisdb, K p.m.
Sunday.
Sermon, "The Christian argument,"
Dr. O. L. Elliott, chapel, 11 a.m.
Christian Association meeting;
"Where heaven begins and how
to begin it''; leader, Mr. A. \V.
Greeley; chapel, 7:15 p.m.
Monday.
Mandolin Club practice, room 23
quad, 7:00 p.m.
Tuesday.
Lecture, "Zoological station at Na
ples," with numerous illustra
tions, I'rof. McFarland.
