# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is not onl} r foolhardiness but
it is criminal carelessness fora bi
cycle rider to rush along at break
neck - speed on the left side of the
road on dark nights. A rider com
ing in the opposite direction has a
perfect right to suppose that he is
safe from any danger of collision as
long as he keeps to the right. An
excellent rule for wheelmen and
pedestrians alike is always to keep
to the right. This rule should lie
rigidly observed to avoid accidents
at night.
It is not onl} r foolhardiness but
it is criminal carelessness fora bi
cycle rider to rush along at break
neck - speed on the left side of the
road on dark nights. A rider com
ing in the opposite direction has a
perfect right to suppose that he is
safe from any danger of collision as
long as he keeps to the right. An
excellent rule for wheelmen and
pedestrians alike is always to keep
to the right. This rule should lie
rigidly observed to avoid accidents
at night.
It is not onl} r foolhardiness but
it is criminal carelessness fora bi
cycle rider to rush along at break
neck - speed on the left side of the
road on dark nights. A rider com
ing in the opposite direction has a
perfect right to suppose that he is
safe from any danger of collision as
long as he keeps to the right. An
excellent rule for wheelmen and
pedestrians alike is always to keep
to the right. This rule should lie
rigidly observed to avoid accidents
at night.
It is not onl} r foolhardiness but
it is criminal carelessness fora bi
cycle rider to rush along at break
neck - speed on the left side of the
road on dark nights. A rider com
ing in the opposite direction has a
perfect right to suppose that he is
safe from any danger of collision as
long as he keeps to the right. An
excellent rule for wheelmen and
pedestrians alike is always to keep
to the right. This rule should lie
rigidly observed to avoid accidents
at night.
It is not onl} r foolhardiness but
it is criminal carelessness fora bi
cycle rider to rush along at break
neck - speed on the left side of the
road on dark nights. A rider com
ing in the opposite direction has a
perfect right to suppose that he is
safe from any danger of collision as
long as he keeps to the right. An
excellent rule for wheelmen and
pedestrians alike is always to keep
to the right. This rule should lie
rigidly observed to avoid accidents
at night.
