# Adv. 24 Page 10
## 
### 
m a lkTl7r\TlT\ I ■ A If
UAILY
The Stanford Daily
became an independent
organization in 1973, legally
separate from the University
and from the ASSU.
m a lkTl7r\TlT\ I ■ A If
UAILY
The Stanford Daily
became an independent
organization in 1973, legally
separate from the University
and from the ASSU.
m a lkTl7r\TlT\ I ■ A If
UAILY
The Stanford Daily
became an independent
organization in 1973, legally
separate from the University
and from the ASSU.
m a lkTl7r\TlT\ I ■ A If
UAILY
The Stanford Daily
became an independent
organization in 1973, legally
separate from the University
and from the ASSU.
m a lkTl7r\TlT\ I ■ A If
UAILY
The Stanford Daily
became an independent
organization in 1973, legally
separate from the University
and from the ASSU.
m a lkTl7r\TlT\ I ■ A If
UAILY
The Stanford Daily
became an independent
organization in 1973, legally
separate from the University
and from the ASSU.
