# CORRECTION
## 
### 
In the article "ASSU debates
sorority funds" published yester
day, The Daily incorrectly stated
that the lntersorority Council re
quested funding to help pay for
the annual winter formal, among
other things. The ISC was actually
requesting funding for formal re
cruitment, the process through
which sororities recruit new mem
bers — not a winter formal.
Other mentions of a "winter
formal" in the story were also mis

taken — they referred instead to
the final event of formal recruit
ment, held at the Sheraton Hotel.
The story also reported that the
Senate only approved funding for
food at the event. But the Under
graduate Senate approved $2,400
in funding for the rental of space in
the Sheraton, where the event is
held, and for refreshment costs.
The Senate tabled the issue of pro
viding $1,000 to fund transporta
tion to the hotel.
In the article "ASSU debates
sorority funds" published yester
day, The Daily incorrectly stated
that the lntersorority Council re
quested funding to help pay for
the annual winter formal, among
other things. The ISC was actually
requesting funding for formal re
cruitment, the process through
which sororities recruit new mem
bers — not a winter formal.
Other mentions of a "winter
formal" in the story were also mis

taken — they referred instead to
the final event of formal recruit
ment, held at the Sheraton Hotel.
The story also reported that the
Senate only approved funding for
food at the event. But the Under
graduate Senate approved $2,400
in funding for the rental of space in
the Sheraton, where the event is
held, and for refreshment costs.
The Senate tabled the issue of pro
viding $1,000 to fund transporta
tion to the hotel.
In the article "ASSU debates
sorority funds" published yester
day, The Daily incorrectly stated
that the lntersorority Council re
quested funding to help pay for
the annual winter formal, among
other things. The ISC was actually
requesting funding for formal re
cruitment, the process through
which sororities recruit new mem
bers — not a winter formal.
Other mentions of a "winter
formal" in the story were also mis

taken — they referred instead to
the final event of formal recruit
ment, held at the Sheraton Hotel.
The story also reported that the
Senate only approved funding for
food at the event. But the Under
graduate Senate approved $2,400
in funding for the rental of space in
the Sheraton, where the event is
held, and for refreshment costs.
The Senate tabled the issue of pro
viding $1,000 to fund transporta
tion to the hotel.
In the article "ASSU debates
sorority funds" published yester
day, The Daily incorrectly stated
that the lntersorority Council re
quested funding to help pay for
the annual winter formal, among
other things. The ISC was actually
requesting funding for formal re
cruitment, the process through
which sororities recruit new mem
bers — not a winter formal.
Other mentions of a "winter
formal" in the story were also mis

taken — they referred instead to
the final event of formal recruit
ment, held at the Sheraton Hotel.
The story also reported that the
Senate only approved funding for
food at the event. But the Under
graduate Senate approved $2,400
in funding for the rental of space in
the Sheraton, where the event is
held, and for refreshment costs.
The Senate tabled the issue of pro
viding $1,000 to fund transporta
tion to the hotel.
In the article "ASSU debates
sorority funds" published yester
day, The Daily incorrectly stated
that the lntersorority Council re
quested funding to help pay for
the annual winter formal, among
other things. The ISC was actually
requesting funding for formal re
cruitment, the process through
which sororities recruit new mem
bers — not a winter formal.
Other mentions of a "winter
formal" in the story were also mis

taken — they referred instead to
the final event of formal recruit
ment, held at the Sheraton Hotel.
The story also reported that the
Senate only approved funding for
food at the event. But the Under
graduate Senate approved $2,400
in funding for the rental of space in
the Sheraton, where the event is
held, and for refreshment costs.
The Senate tabled the issue of pro
viding $1,000 to fund transporta
tion to the hotel.
In the article "ASSU debates
sorority funds" published yester
day, The Daily incorrectly stated
that the lntersorority Council re
quested funding to help pay for
the annual winter formal, among
other things. The ISC was actually
requesting funding for formal re
cruitment, the process through
which sororities recruit new mem
bers — not a winter formal.
Other mentions of a "winter
formal" in the story were also mis

taken — they referred instead to
the final event of formal recruit
ment, held at the Sheraton Hotel.
The story also reported that the
Senate only approved funding for
food at the event. But the Under
graduate Senate approved $2,400
in funding for the rental of space in
the Sheraton, where the event is
held, and for refreshment costs.
The Senate tabled the issue of pro
viding $1,000 to fund transporta
tion to the hotel.
In the article "ASSU debates
sorority funds" published yester
day, The Daily incorrectly stated
that the lntersorority Council re
quested funding to help pay for
the annual winter formal, among
other things. The ISC was actually
requesting funding for formal re
cruitment, the process through
which sororities recruit new mem
bers — not a winter formal.
Other mentions of a "winter
formal" in the story were also mis

taken — they referred instead to
the final event of formal recruit
ment, held at the Sheraton Hotel.
The story also reported that the
Senate only approved funding for
food at the event. But the Under
graduate Senate approved $2,400
in funding for the rental of space in
the Sheraton, where the event is
held, and for refreshment costs.
The Senate tabled the issue of pro
viding $1,000 to fund transporta
tion to the hotel.
In the article "ASSU debates
sorority funds" published yester
day, The Daily incorrectly stated
that the lntersorority Council re
quested funding to help pay for
the annual winter formal, among
other things. The ISC was actually
requesting funding for formal re
cruitment, the process through
which sororities recruit new mem
bers — not a winter formal.
Other mentions of a "winter
formal" in the story were also mis

taken — they referred instead to
the final event of formal recruit
ment, held at the Sheraton Hotel.
The story also reported that the
Senate only approved funding for
food at the event. But the Under
graduate Senate approved $2,400
in funding for the rental of space in
the Sheraton, where the event is
held, and for refreshment costs.
The Senate tabled the issue of pro
viding $1,000 to fund transporta
tion to the hotel.
In the article "ASSU debates
sorority funds" published yester
day, The Daily incorrectly stated
that the lntersorority Council re
quested funding to help pay for
the annual winter formal, among
other things. The ISC was actually
requesting funding for formal re
cruitment, the process through
which sororities recruit new mem
bers — not a winter formal.
Other mentions of a "winter
formal" in the story were also mis

taken — they referred instead to
the final event of formal recruit
ment, held at the Sheraton Hotel.
The story also reported that the
Senate only approved funding for
food at the event. But the Under
graduate Senate approved $2,400
in funding for the rental of space in
the Sheraton, where the event is
held, and for refreshment costs.
The Senate tabled the issue of pro
viding $1,000 to fund transporta
tion to the hotel.
