# '50,000 Miles of Art' Is Topic Of Tonight's Series Lecture
## 
### 
Professor Millard B. Rogers of
the Stanford Art Department will
give a lecture on "Fifty Thousand
Miles of Art" at the Tuesday Se
ries lecture at 8 tonight in Memo
rial Hall.
The lecture will be illustrated by
colored slides of art monuments in
seldom-visited areas of the world.
These slides were taken by Profes
sor and Mrs. Rogers on their recent
two-year tour of Southern Asia.
Professor Rogers will show slides
of landscapes and shots of human
subjects as well as representative
examples of art in the various coun
tries visited. These include Yugo
slavia. Indonesia, Cambodia. Greece,
Turkey, Siam, Ceylon, Lebanon,
Syria, India, Pakistan, Iraq, Iran,
and Afghanistan.
Professor Rogers taught at Stan
ford from 1947 to 1950 and is now
giving a course in the Art of South
Asia. He and Mrs. Rogers previous
ly toured China for the Stanford
Art Department.
Professor Edward M. Farmer, also
of the Stanford Art Department,
will introduce Professor Rogers.


MILLARD B ROGERS
—To lecture tonight
Professor Millard B. Rogers of
the Stanford Art Department will
give a lecture on "Fifty Thousand
Miles of Art" at the Tuesday Se
ries lecture at 8 tonight in Memo
rial Hall.
The lecture will be illustrated by
colored slides of art monuments in
seldom-visited areas of the world.
These slides were taken by Profes
sor and Mrs. Rogers on their recent
two-year tour of Southern Asia.
Professor Rogers will show slides
of landscapes and shots of human
subjects as well as representative
examples of art in the various coun
tries visited. These include Yugo
slavia. Indonesia, Cambodia. Greece,
Turkey, Siam, Ceylon, Lebanon,
Syria, India, Pakistan, Iraq, Iran,
and Afghanistan.
Professor Rogers taught at Stan
ford from 1947 to 1950 and is now
giving a course in the Art of South
Asia. He and Mrs. Rogers previous
ly toured China for the Stanford
Art Department.
Professor Edward M. Farmer, also
of the Stanford Art Department,
will introduce Professor Rogers.


MILLARD B ROGERS
—To lecture tonight
Professor Millard B. Rogers of
the Stanford Art Department will
give a lecture on "Fifty Thousand
Miles of Art" at the Tuesday Se
ries lecture at 8 tonight in Memo
rial Hall.
The lecture will be illustrated by
colored slides of art monuments in
seldom-visited areas of the world.
These slides were taken by Profes
sor and Mrs. Rogers on their recent
two-year tour of Southern Asia.
Professor Rogers will show slides
of landscapes and shots of human
subjects as well as representative
examples of art in the various coun
tries visited. These include Yugo
slavia. Indonesia, Cambodia. Greece,
Turkey, Siam, Ceylon, Lebanon,
Syria, India, Pakistan, Iraq, Iran,
and Afghanistan.
Professor Rogers taught at Stan
ford from 1947 to 1950 and is now
giving a course in the Art of South
Asia. He and Mrs. Rogers previous
ly toured China for the Stanford
Art Department.
Professor Edward M. Farmer, also
of the Stanford Art Department,
will introduce Professor Rogers.


MILLARD B ROGERS
—To lecture tonight
Professor Millard B. Rogers of
the Stanford Art Department will
give a lecture on "Fifty Thousand
Miles of Art" at the Tuesday Se
ries lecture at 8 tonight in Memo
rial Hall.
The lecture will be illustrated by
colored slides of art monuments in
seldom-visited areas of the world.
These slides were taken by Profes
sor and Mrs. Rogers on their recent
two-year tour of Southern Asia.
Professor Rogers will show slides
of landscapes and shots of human
subjects as well as representative
examples of art in the various coun
tries visited. These include Yugo
slavia. Indonesia, Cambodia. Greece,
Turkey, Siam, Ceylon, Lebanon,
Syria, India, Pakistan, Iraq, Iran,
and Afghanistan.
Professor Rogers taught at Stan
ford from 1947 to 1950 and is now
giving a course in the Art of South
Asia. He and Mrs. Rogers previous
ly toured China for the Stanford
Art Department.
Professor Edward M. Farmer, also
of the Stanford Art Department,
will introduce Professor Rogers.


MILLARD B ROGERS
—To lecture tonight
Professor Millard B. Rogers of
the Stanford Art Department will
give a lecture on "Fifty Thousand
Miles of Art" at the Tuesday Se
ries lecture at 8 tonight in Memo
rial Hall.
The lecture will be illustrated by
colored slides of art monuments in
seldom-visited areas of the world.
These slides were taken by Profes
sor and Mrs. Rogers on their recent
two-year tour of Southern Asia.
Professor Rogers will show slides
of landscapes and shots of human
subjects as well as representative
examples of art in the various coun
tries visited. These include Yugo
slavia. Indonesia, Cambodia. Greece,
Turkey, Siam, Ceylon, Lebanon,
Syria, India, Pakistan, Iraq, Iran,
and Afghanistan.
Professor Rogers taught at Stan
ford from 1947 to 1950 and is now
giving a course in the Art of South
Asia. He and Mrs. Rogers previous
ly toured China for the Stanford
Art Department.
Professor Edward M. Farmer, also
of the Stanford Art Department,
will introduce Professor Rogers.


MILLARD B ROGERS
—To lecture tonight
Professor Millard B. Rogers of
the Stanford Art Department will
give a lecture on "Fifty Thousand
Miles of Art" at the Tuesday Se
ries lecture at 8 tonight in Memo
rial Hall.
The lecture will be illustrated by
colored slides of art monuments in
seldom-visited areas of the world.
These slides were taken by Profes
sor and Mrs. Rogers on their recent
two-year tour of Southern Asia.
Professor Rogers will show slides
of landscapes and shots of human
subjects as well as representative
examples of art in the various coun
tries visited. These include Yugo
slavia. Indonesia, Cambodia. Greece,
Turkey, Siam, Ceylon, Lebanon,
Syria, India, Pakistan, Iraq, Iran,
and Afghanistan.
Professor Rogers taught at Stan
ford from 1947 to 1950 and is now
giving a course in the Art of South
Asia. He and Mrs. Rogers previous
ly toured China for the Stanford
Art Department.
Professor Edward M. Farmer, also
of the Stanford Art Department,
will introduce Professor Rogers.


MILLARD B ROGERS
—To lecture tonight
Professor Millard B. Rogers of
the Stanford Art Department will
give a lecture on "Fifty Thousand
Miles of Art" at the Tuesday Se
ries lecture at 8 tonight in Memo
rial Hall.
The lecture will be illustrated by
colored slides of art monuments in
seldom-visited areas of the world.
These slides were taken by Profes
sor and Mrs. Rogers on their recent
two-year tour of Southern Asia.
Professor Rogers will show slides
of landscapes and shots of human
subjects as well as representative
examples of art in the various coun
tries visited. These include Yugo
slavia. Indonesia, Cambodia. Greece,
Turkey, Siam, Ceylon, Lebanon,
Syria, India, Pakistan, Iraq, Iran,
and Afghanistan.
Professor Rogers taught at Stan
ford from 1947 to 1950 and is now
giving a course in the Art of South
Asia. He and Mrs. Rogers previous
ly toured China for the Stanford
Art Department.
Professor Edward M. Farmer, also
of the Stanford Art Department,
will introduce Professor Rogers.


MILLARD B ROGERS
—To lecture tonight
Professor Millard B. Rogers of
the Stanford Art Department will
give a lecture on "Fifty Thousand
Miles of Art" at the Tuesday Se
ries lecture at 8 tonight in Memo
rial Hall.
The lecture will be illustrated by
colored slides of art monuments in
seldom-visited areas of the world.
These slides were taken by Profes
sor and Mrs. Rogers on their recent
two-year tour of Southern Asia.
Professor Rogers will show slides
of landscapes and shots of human
subjects as well as representative
examples of art in the various coun
tries visited. These include Yugo
slavia. Indonesia, Cambodia. Greece,
Turkey, Siam, Ceylon, Lebanon,
Syria, India, Pakistan, Iraq, Iran,
and Afghanistan.
Professor Rogers taught at Stan
ford from 1947 to 1950 and is now
giving a course in the Art of South
Asia. He and Mrs. Rogers previous
ly toured China for the Stanford
Art Department.
Professor Edward M. Farmer, also
of the Stanford Art Department,
will introduce Professor Rogers.


MILLARD B ROGERS
—To lecture tonight
Professor Millard B. Rogers of
the Stanford Art Department will
give a lecture on "Fifty Thousand
Miles of Art" at the Tuesday Se
ries lecture at 8 tonight in Memo
rial Hall.
The lecture will be illustrated by
colored slides of art monuments in
seldom-visited areas of the world.
These slides were taken by Profes
sor and Mrs. Rogers on their recent
two-year tour of Southern Asia.
Professor Rogers will show slides
of landscapes and shots of human
subjects as well as representative
examples of art in the various coun
tries visited. These include Yugo
slavia. Indonesia, Cambodia. Greece,
Turkey, Siam, Ceylon, Lebanon,
Syria, India, Pakistan, Iraq, Iran,
and Afghanistan.
Professor Rogers taught at Stan
ford from 1947 to 1950 and is now
giving a course in the Art of South
Asia. He and Mrs. Rogers previous
ly toured China for the Stanford
Art Department.
Professor Edward M. Farmer, also
of the Stanford Art Department,
will introduce Professor Rogers.


MILLARD B ROGERS
—To lecture tonight
Professor Millard B. Rogers of
the Stanford Art Department will
give a lecture on "Fifty Thousand
Miles of Art" at the Tuesday Se
ries lecture at 8 tonight in Memo
rial Hall.
The lecture will be illustrated by
colored slides of art monuments in
seldom-visited areas of the world.
These slides were taken by Profes
sor and Mrs. Rogers on their recent
two-year tour of Southern Asia.
Professor Rogers will show slides
of landscapes and shots of human
subjects as well as representative
examples of art in the various coun
tries visited. These include Yugo
slavia. Indonesia, Cambodia. Greece,
Turkey, Siam, Ceylon, Lebanon,
Syria, India, Pakistan, Iraq, Iran,
and Afghanistan.
Professor Rogers taught at Stan
ford from 1947 to 1950 and is now
giving a course in the Art of South
Asia. He and Mrs. Rogers previous
ly toured China for the Stanford
Art Department.
Professor Edward M. Farmer, also
of the Stanford Art Department,
will introduce Professor Rogers.


MILLARD B ROGERS
—To lecture tonight
Professor Millard B. Rogers of
the Stanford Art Department will
give a lecture on "Fifty Thousand
Miles of Art" at the Tuesday Se
ries lecture at 8 tonight in Memo
rial Hall.
The lecture will be illustrated by
colored slides of art monuments in
seldom-visited areas of the world.
These slides were taken by Profes
sor and Mrs. Rogers on their recent
two-year tour of Southern Asia.
Professor Rogers will show slides
of landscapes and shots of human
subjects as well as representative
examples of art in the various coun
tries visited. These include Yugo
slavia. Indonesia, Cambodia. Greece,
Turkey, Siam, Ceylon, Lebanon,
Syria, India, Pakistan, Iraq, Iran,
and Afghanistan.
Professor Rogers taught at Stan
ford from 1947 to 1950 and is now
giving a course in the Art of South
Asia. He and Mrs. Rogers previous
ly toured China for the Stanford
Art Department.
Professor Edward M. Farmer, also
of the Stanford Art Department,
will introduce Professor Rogers.


MILLARD B ROGERS
—To lecture tonight
Professor Millard B. Rogers of
the Stanford Art Department will
give a lecture on "Fifty Thousand
Miles of Art" at the Tuesday Se
ries lecture at 8 tonight in Memo
rial Hall.
The lecture will be illustrated by
colored slides of art monuments in
seldom-visited areas of the world.
These slides were taken by Profes
sor and Mrs. Rogers on their recent
two-year tour of Southern Asia.
Professor Rogers will show slides
of landscapes and shots of human
subjects as well as representative
examples of art in the various coun
tries visited. These include Yugo
slavia. Indonesia, Cambodia. Greece,
Turkey, Siam, Ceylon, Lebanon,
Syria, India, Pakistan, Iraq, Iran,
and Afghanistan.
Professor Rogers taught at Stan
ford from 1947 to 1950 and is now
giving a course in the Art of South
Asia. He and Mrs. Rogers previous
ly toured China for the Stanford
Art Department.
Professor Edward M. Farmer, also
of the Stanford Art Department,
will introduce Professor Rogers.


MILLARD B ROGERS
—To lecture tonight
Professor Millard B. Rogers of
the Stanford Art Department will
give a lecture on "Fifty Thousand
Miles of Art" at the Tuesday Se
ries lecture at 8 tonight in Memo
rial Hall.
The lecture will be illustrated by
colored slides of art monuments in
seldom-visited areas of the world.
These slides were taken by Profes
sor and Mrs. Rogers on their recent
two-year tour of Southern Asia.
Professor Rogers will show slides
of landscapes and shots of human
subjects as well as representative
examples of art in the various coun
tries visited. These include Yugo
slavia. Indonesia, Cambodia. Greece,
Turkey, Siam, Ceylon, Lebanon,
Syria, India, Pakistan, Iraq, Iran,
and Afghanistan.
Professor Rogers taught at Stan
ford from 1947 to 1950 and is now
giving a course in the Art of South
Asia. He and Mrs. Rogers previous
ly toured China for the Stanford
Art Department.
Professor Edward M. Farmer, also
of the Stanford Art Department,
will introduce Professor Rogers.


MILLARD B ROGERS
—To lecture tonight
Professor Millard B. Rogers of
the Stanford Art Department will
give a lecture on "Fifty Thousand
Miles of Art" at the Tuesday Se
ries lecture at 8 tonight in Memo
rial Hall.
The lecture will be illustrated by
colored slides of art monuments in
seldom-visited areas of the world.
These slides were taken by Profes
sor and Mrs. Rogers on their recent
two-year tour of Southern Asia.
Professor Rogers will show slides
of landscapes and shots of human
subjects as well as representative
examples of art in the various coun
tries visited. These include Yugo
slavia. Indonesia, Cambodia. Greece,
Turkey, Siam, Ceylon, Lebanon,
Syria, India, Pakistan, Iraq, Iran,
and Afghanistan.
Professor Rogers taught at Stan
ford from 1947 to 1950 and is now
giving a course in the Art of South
Asia. He and Mrs. Rogers previous
ly toured China for the Stanford
Art Department.
Professor Edward M. Farmer, also
of the Stanford Art Department,
will introduce Professor Rogers.


MILLARD B ROGERS
—To lecture tonight
Professor Millard B. Rogers of
the Stanford Art Department will
give a lecture on "Fifty Thousand
Miles of Art" at the Tuesday Se
ries lecture at 8 tonight in Memo
rial Hall.
The lecture will be illustrated by
colored slides of art monuments in
seldom-visited areas of the world.
These slides were taken by Profes
sor and Mrs. Rogers on their recent
two-year tour of Southern Asia.
Professor Rogers will show slides
of landscapes and shots of human
subjects as well as representative
examples of art in the various coun
tries visited. These include Yugo
slavia. Indonesia, Cambodia. Greece,
Turkey, Siam, Ceylon, Lebanon,
Syria, India, Pakistan, Iraq, Iran,
and Afghanistan.
Professor Rogers taught at Stan
ford from 1947 to 1950 and is now
giving a course in the Art of South
Asia. He and Mrs. Rogers previous
ly toured China for the Stanford
Art Department.
Professor Edward M. Farmer, also
of the Stanford Art Department,
will introduce Professor Rogers.


MILLARD B ROGERS
—To lecture tonight
Professor Millard B. Rogers of
the Stanford Art Department will
give a lecture on "Fifty Thousand
Miles of Art" at the Tuesday Se
ries lecture at 8 tonight in Memo
rial Hall.
The lecture will be illustrated by
colored slides of art monuments in
seldom-visited areas of the world.
These slides were taken by Profes
sor and Mrs. Rogers on their recent
two-year tour of Southern Asia.
Professor Rogers will show slides
of landscapes and shots of human
subjects as well as representative
examples of art in the various coun
tries visited. These include Yugo
slavia. Indonesia, Cambodia. Greece,
Turkey, Siam, Ceylon, Lebanon,
Syria, India, Pakistan, Iraq, Iran,
and Afghanistan.
Professor Rogers taught at Stan
ford from 1947 to 1950 and is now
giving a course in the Art of South
Asia. He and Mrs. Rogers previous
ly toured China for the Stanford
Art Department.
Professor Edward M. Farmer, also
of the Stanford Art Department,
will introduce Professor Rogers.


MILLARD B ROGERS
—To lecture tonight
