# Untitled Article
## 
### 

TIRED, BUT SMILING —Don Sanders, center, receives ASSU trophy for his Hamburger Decathion
championship from Roy Deffebach, chairman of the event and sixth-place finisher. Tom Rowe,
diminutive second-place winner, looks on at right. —Daily photo by Herb Smith

TIRED, BUT SMILING —Don Sanders, center, receives ASSU trophy for his Hamburger Decathion
championship from Roy Deffebach, chairman of the event and sixth-place finisher. Tom Rowe,
diminutive second-place winner, looks on at right. —Daily photo by Herb Smith

TIRED, BUT SMILING —Don Sanders, center, receives ASSU trophy for his Hamburger Decathion
championship from Roy Deffebach, chairman of the event and sixth-place finisher. Tom Rowe,
diminutive second-place winner, looks on at right. —Daily photo by Herb Smith

TIRED, BUT SMILING —Don Sanders, center, receives ASSU trophy for his Hamburger Decathion
championship from Roy Deffebach, chairman of the event and sixth-place finisher. Tom Rowe,
diminutive second-place winner, looks on at right. —Daily photo by Herb Smith

TIRED, BUT SMILING —Don Sanders, center, receives ASSU trophy for his Hamburger Decathion
championship from Roy Deffebach, chairman of the event and sixth-place finisher. Tom Rowe,
diminutive second-place winner, looks on at right. —Daily photo by Herb Smith

TIRED, BUT SMILING —Don Sanders, center, receives ASSU trophy for his Hamburger Decathion
championship from Roy Deffebach, chairman of the event and sixth-place finisher. Tom Rowe,
diminutive second-place winner, looks on at right. —Daily photo by Herb Smith

TIRED, BUT SMILING —Don Sanders, center, receives ASSU trophy for his Hamburger Decathion
championship from Roy Deffebach, chairman of the event and sixth-place finisher. Tom Rowe,
diminutive second-place winner, looks on at right. —Daily photo by Herb Smith

TIRED, BUT SMILING —Don Sanders, center, receives ASSU trophy for his Hamburger Decathion
championship from Roy Deffebach, chairman of the event and sixth-place finisher. Tom Rowe,
diminutive second-place winner, looks on at right. —Daily photo by Herb Smith

TIRED, BUT SMILING —Don Sanders, center, receives ASSU trophy for his Hamburger Decathion
championship from Roy Deffebach, chairman of the event and sixth-place finisher. Tom Rowe,
diminutive second-place winner, looks on at right. —Daily photo by Herb Smith

TIRED, BUT SMILING —Don Sanders, center, receives ASSU trophy for his Hamburger Decathion
championship from Roy Deffebach, chairman of the event and sixth-place finisher. Tom Rowe,
diminutive second-place winner, looks on at right. —Daily photo by Herb Smith

TIRED, BUT SMILING —Don Sanders, center, receives ASSU trophy for his Hamburger Decathion
championship from Roy Deffebach, chairman of the event and sixth-place finisher. Tom Rowe,
diminutive second-place winner, looks on at right. —Daily photo by Herb Smith

TIRED, BUT SMILING —Don Sanders, center, receives ASSU trophy for his Hamburger Decathion
championship from Roy Deffebach, chairman of the event and sixth-place finisher. Tom Rowe,
diminutive second-place winner, looks on at right. —Daily photo by Herb Smith

TIRED, BUT SMILING —Don Sanders, center, receives ASSU trophy for his Hamburger Decathion
championship from Roy Deffebach, chairman of the event and sixth-place finisher. Tom Rowe,
diminutive second-place winner, looks on at right. —Daily photo by Herb Smith

TIRED, BUT SMILING —Don Sanders, center, receives ASSU trophy for his Hamburger Decathion
championship from Roy Deffebach, chairman of the event and sixth-place finisher. Tom Rowe,
diminutive second-place winner, looks on at right. —Daily photo by Herb Smith

TIRED, BUT SMILING —Don Sanders, center, receives ASSU trophy for his Hamburger Decathion
championship from Roy Deffebach, chairman of the event and sixth-place finisher. Tom Rowe,
diminutive second-place winner, looks on at right. —Daily photo by Herb Smith

TIRED, BUT SMILING —Don Sanders, center, receives ASSU trophy for his Hamburger Decathion
championship from Roy Deffebach, chairman of the event and sixth-place finisher. Tom Rowe,
diminutive second-place winner, looks on at right. —Daily photo by Herb Smith
