# NSA SCHOLAR
## Oligarchy, Gestapo Force Rule Paraguay 
### 
(Editor's note: The following
is <he edited text of the speech
given before the plenary session
of the loth National Student Con
gress of the lISXSA this summer
hy Martial Hiqnelme, editor of
the University of Paraguay’s stu
dent newspaper. He is now in the
United Stales studying at Michi
gan Stale University on a schol
arship arranged by the NSA.)

This afternoon, my friends, I
wish to present to you a fistful
of truths with the sincere pur
pose of throwing light on these
problems, and with the intention
of serving as honestly as possible
the democratic cause of Latin
America a cause which has not
been furthered by the hypocriti
cal speeches and diplomatic cour
tesies of some of our Latin Amer
ican diplomats, who have done
nothing to improve our relation
ship.
First I would like to say that I
am delightfully surprised by the
intellectual independence of lead
ers of the student movement re
garding U.S. foreign policy to
ward our countries. While par
ticipating in the Latin American
seminar, I have been able to veri
fy the positions of your more
representative leaders against im
perialism and colonialism and
their total disagreement with the
support of the extreme right
wing. totalitarian regimes which
the U.S. Department of State has
given to Stroessner in Paraguay,
Somoza in Nicaragua, Duvalier in
Haiti, and Ydigoras Puentes in
Guatemala.
The Paraguayan people have
lived during the past twenty-two
years, under continuous military
dictatorships, including fourteen
years under a state of siege;
these sad years have brought a
total suppression of the most fun
damental human rights. While on
the one hand, we have one of the
lowest per capita incomes in the
world, on the other hand, we have
an antidemocratic and predatory
military oligarchy which controls
the greater part of our national
income.
For this reason the presence of
Paraguay in the Christian and
Western World constitutes a
mockery of our people and is a
contradiction of the principles
which the democratic nations of
the West espouse.
Perhaps you may be surprised
to hear that concentration camps
exist in Paraguay as they do in
some Communist countries. Per
haps you don’t know that we
have a terrorist police force
styled after the Gestapo, equip
ped with the most advanced
methods of torture. Perhaps you
don’t know that our country has
experienced the most massive ex
odus of refugees in recent his
tory, surpassed only in its nation
al meaning by the exodus of the
Israelites. Out of one and a half
million inhabitants, more than
five hundred thousand have es
caped from Stroessner and have
spread throughout Argentina,
Brazil, and Uruguay, seeking the
bread and peace which they can
not find in their own country.
And I ask you, is this just a hint
of the role that Paraguay has
played in the name of Western
Civilization?
As a follow student I would
also like to say a few words
about education in Paraguay. It
is noteworthy to point out the
pitiful conditions which charac
terize our universities, which
only receive three percent of the
government budget, while 40 per
cent of that budget is squandered
on military endeavors. Needless
to say, our army contributes
nothing to the defense of democ
racy and would be easily over
whelmed in a war with either of
its two powerful neighbors, Ar
gentina and Brazil.
As an inevitable consequence of
this tremendous disproportion be
tween military and educational
expenditures, our universities
lack buildings, they have no li
braries where students may
check out books. We have almost
no laboratory equipment in our
medical, chemistry, and engineer
ing schools. And the faculty? I
regret to tell you that a universi
ty professor receives the shame
ful salary of twenty-five dollars
a month.

Meanwhile, day after day, the
strength of the Paraguayan army
continues to grow with the arms
sent to Stroessner by the United
Slates to fight communism! And
j student leaders continue to be im
prisoned and tortured in the same
brutal manner that Al Lowen
stein noted last nighl was occur
ring in Spain.
I know that many of you are
unfamiliar with these problems,
because Stroessner’s dictatorship
tries to make Paraguay appear
to be the champion of anti-Com
munism. And our minister of for
eign relations, along with those
I of Nicaragua and Guatemala, em
phatically insists on the incom
patibility of Castro’s dictatorship
with the democracies of Stroess
ner, Somoza and Ydigoras.
(Editor's note: The following
is <he edited text of the speech
given before the plenary session
of the loth National Student Con
gress of the lISXSA this summer
hy Martial Hiqnelme, editor of
the University of Paraguay’s stu
dent newspaper. He is now in the
United Stales studying at Michi
gan Stale University on a schol
arship arranged by the NSA.)

This afternoon, my friends, I
wish to present to you a fistful
of truths with the sincere pur
pose of throwing light on these
problems, and with the intention
of serving as honestly as possible
the democratic cause of Latin
America a cause which has not
been furthered by the hypocriti
cal speeches and diplomatic cour
tesies of some of our Latin Amer
ican diplomats, who have done
nothing to improve our relation
ship.
First I would like to say that I
am delightfully surprised by the
intellectual independence of lead
ers of the student movement re
garding U.S. foreign policy to
ward our countries. While par
ticipating in the Latin American
seminar, I have been able to veri
fy the positions of your more
representative leaders against im
perialism and colonialism and
their total disagreement with the
support of the extreme right
wing. totalitarian regimes which
the U.S. Department of State has
given to Stroessner in Paraguay,
Somoza in Nicaragua, Duvalier in
Haiti, and Ydigoras Puentes in
Guatemala.
The Paraguayan people have
lived during the past twenty-two
years, under continuous military
dictatorships, including fourteen
years under a state of siege;
these sad years have brought a
total suppression of the most fun
damental human rights. While on
the one hand, we have one of the
lowest per capita incomes in the
world, on the other hand, we have
an antidemocratic and predatory
military oligarchy which controls
the greater part of our national
income.
For this reason the presence of
Paraguay in the Christian and
Western World constitutes a
mockery of our people and is a
contradiction of the principles
which the democratic nations of
the West espouse.
Perhaps you may be surprised
to hear that concentration camps
exist in Paraguay as they do in
some Communist countries. Per
haps you don’t know that we
have a terrorist police force
styled after the Gestapo, equip
ped with the most advanced
methods of torture. Perhaps you
don’t know that our country has
experienced the most massive ex
odus of refugees in recent his
tory, surpassed only in its nation
al meaning by the exodus of the
Israelites. Out of one and a half
million inhabitants, more than
five hundred thousand have es
caped from Stroessner and have
spread throughout Argentina,
Brazil, and Uruguay, seeking the
bread and peace which they can
not find in their own country.
And I ask you, is this just a hint
of the role that Paraguay has
played in the name of Western
Civilization?
As a follow student I would
also like to say a few words
about education in Paraguay. It
is noteworthy to point out the
pitiful conditions which charac
terize our universities, which
only receive three percent of the
government budget, while 40 per
cent of that budget is squandered
on military endeavors. Needless
to say, our army contributes
nothing to the defense of democ
racy and would be easily over
whelmed in a war with either of
its two powerful neighbors, Ar
gentina and Brazil.
As an inevitable consequence of
this tremendous disproportion be
tween military and educational
expenditures, our universities
lack buildings, they have no li
braries where students may
check out books. We have almost
no laboratory equipment in our
medical, chemistry, and engineer
ing schools. And the faculty? I
regret to tell you that a universi
ty professor receives the shame
ful salary of twenty-five dollars
a month.

Meanwhile, day after day, the
strength of the Paraguayan army
continues to grow with the arms
sent to Stroessner by the United
Slates to fight communism! And
j student leaders continue to be im
prisoned and tortured in the same
brutal manner that Al Lowen
stein noted last nighl was occur
ring in Spain.
I know that many of you are
unfamiliar with these problems,
because Stroessner’s dictatorship
tries to make Paraguay appear
to be the champion of anti-Com
munism. And our minister of for
eign relations, along with those
I of Nicaragua and Guatemala, em
phatically insists on the incom
patibility of Castro’s dictatorship
with the democracies of Stroess
ner, Somoza and Ydigoras.
(Editor's note: The following
is <he edited text of the speech
given before the plenary session
of the loth National Student Con
gress of the lISXSA this summer
hy Martial Hiqnelme, editor of
the University of Paraguay’s stu
dent newspaper. He is now in the
United Stales studying at Michi
gan Stale University on a schol
arship arranged by the NSA.)

This afternoon, my friends, I
wish to present to you a fistful
of truths with the sincere pur
pose of throwing light on these
problems, and with the intention
of serving as honestly as possible
the democratic cause of Latin
America a cause which has not
been furthered by the hypocriti
cal speeches and diplomatic cour
tesies of some of our Latin Amer
ican diplomats, who have done
nothing to improve our relation
ship.
First I would like to say that I
am delightfully surprised by the
intellectual independence of lead
ers of the student movement re
garding U.S. foreign policy to
ward our countries. While par
ticipating in the Latin American
seminar, I have been able to veri
fy the positions of your more
representative leaders against im
perialism and colonialism and
their total disagreement with the
support of the extreme right
wing. totalitarian regimes which
the U.S. Department of State has
given to Stroessner in Paraguay,
Somoza in Nicaragua, Duvalier in
Haiti, and Ydigoras Puentes in
Guatemala.
The Paraguayan people have
lived during the past twenty-two
years, under continuous military
dictatorships, including fourteen
years under a state of siege;
these sad years have brought a
total suppression of the most fun
damental human rights. While on
the one hand, we have one of the
lowest per capita incomes in the
world, on the other hand, we have
an antidemocratic and predatory
military oligarchy which controls
the greater part of our national
income.
For this reason the presence of
Paraguay in the Christian and
Western World constitutes a
mockery of our people and is a
contradiction of the principles
which the democratic nations of
the West espouse.
Perhaps you may be surprised
to hear that concentration camps
exist in Paraguay as they do in
some Communist countries. Per
haps you don’t know that we
have a terrorist police force
styled after the Gestapo, equip
ped with the most advanced
methods of torture. Perhaps you
don’t know that our country has
experienced the most massive ex
odus of refugees in recent his
tory, surpassed only in its nation
al meaning by the exodus of the
Israelites. Out of one and a half
million inhabitants, more than
five hundred thousand have es
caped from Stroessner and have
spread throughout Argentina,
Brazil, and Uruguay, seeking the
bread and peace which they can
not find in their own country.
And I ask you, is this just a hint
of the role that Paraguay has
played in the name of Western
Civilization?
As a follow student I would
also like to say a few words
about education in Paraguay. It
is noteworthy to point out the
pitiful conditions which charac
terize our universities, which
only receive three percent of the
government budget, while 40 per
cent of that budget is squandered
on military endeavors. Needless
to say, our army contributes
nothing to the defense of democ
racy and would be easily over
whelmed in a war with either of
its two powerful neighbors, Ar
gentina and Brazil.
As an inevitable consequence of
this tremendous disproportion be
tween military and educational
expenditures, our universities
lack buildings, they have no li
braries where students may
check out books. We have almost
no laboratory equipment in our
medical, chemistry, and engineer
ing schools. And the faculty? I
regret to tell you that a universi
ty professor receives the shame
ful salary of twenty-five dollars
a month.

Meanwhile, day after day, the
strength of the Paraguayan army
continues to grow with the arms
sent to Stroessner by the United
Slates to fight communism! And
j student leaders continue to be im
prisoned and tortured in the same
brutal manner that Al Lowen
stein noted last nighl was occur
ring in Spain.
I know that many of you are
unfamiliar with these problems,
because Stroessner’s dictatorship
tries to make Paraguay appear
to be the champion of anti-Com
munism. And our minister of for
eign relations, along with those
I of Nicaragua and Guatemala, em
phatically insists on the incom
patibility of Castro’s dictatorship
with the democracies of Stroess
ner, Somoza and Ydigoras.
(Editor's note: The following
is <he edited text of the speech
given before the plenary session
of the loth National Student Con
gress of the lISXSA this summer
hy Martial Hiqnelme, editor of
the University of Paraguay’s stu
dent newspaper. He is now in the
United Stales studying at Michi
gan Stale University on a schol
arship arranged by the NSA.)

This afternoon, my friends, I
wish to present to you a fistful
of truths with the sincere pur
pose of throwing light on these
problems, and with the intention
of serving as honestly as possible
the democratic cause of Latin
America a cause which has not
been furthered by the hypocriti
cal speeches and diplomatic cour
tesies of some of our Latin Amer
ican diplomats, who have done
nothing to improve our relation
ship.
First I would like to say that I
am delightfully surprised by the
intellectual independence of lead
ers of the student movement re
garding U.S. foreign policy to
ward our countries. While par
ticipating in the Latin American
seminar, I have been able to veri
fy the positions of your more
representative leaders against im
perialism and colonialism and
their total disagreement with the
support of the extreme right
wing. totalitarian regimes which
the U.S. Department of State has
given to Stroessner in Paraguay,
Somoza in Nicaragua, Duvalier in
Haiti, and Ydigoras Puentes in
Guatemala.
The Paraguayan people have
lived during the past twenty-two
years, under continuous military
dictatorships, including fourteen
years under a state of siege;
these sad years have brought a
total suppression of the most fun
damental human rights. While on
the one hand, we have one of the
lowest per capita incomes in the
world, on the other hand, we have
an antidemocratic and predatory
military oligarchy which controls
the greater part of our national
income.
For this reason the presence of
Paraguay in the Christian and
Western World constitutes a
mockery of our people and is a
contradiction of the principles
which the democratic nations of
the West espouse.
Perhaps you may be surprised
to hear that concentration camps
exist in Paraguay as they do in
some Communist countries. Per
haps you don’t know that we
have a terrorist police force
styled after the Gestapo, equip
ped with the most advanced
methods of torture. Perhaps you
don’t know that our country has
experienced the most massive ex
odus of refugees in recent his
tory, surpassed only in its nation
al meaning by the exodus of the
Israelites. Out of one and a half
million inhabitants, more than
five hundred thousand have es
caped from Stroessner and have
spread throughout Argentina,
Brazil, and Uruguay, seeking the
bread and peace which they can
not find in their own country.
And I ask you, is this just a hint
of the role that Paraguay has
played in the name of Western
Civilization?
As a follow student I would
also like to say a few words
about education in Paraguay. It
is noteworthy to point out the
pitiful conditions which charac
terize our universities, which
only receive three percent of the
government budget, while 40 per
cent of that budget is squandered
on military endeavors. Needless
to say, our army contributes
nothing to the defense of democ
racy and would be easily over
whelmed in a war with either of
its two powerful neighbors, Ar
gentina and Brazil.
As an inevitable consequence of
this tremendous disproportion be
tween military and educational
expenditures, our universities
lack buildings, they have no li
braries where students may
check out books. We have almost
no laboratory equipment in our
medical, chemistry, and engineer
ing schools. And the faculty? I
regret to tell you that a universi
ty professor receives the shame
ful salary of twenty-five dollars
a month.

Meanwhile, day after day, the
strength of the Paraguayan army
continues to grow with the arms
sent to Stroessner by the United
Slates to fight communism! And
j student leaders continue to be im
prisoned and tortured in the same
brutal manner that Al Lowen
stein noted last nighl was occur
ring in Spain.
I know that many of you are
unfamiliar with these problems,
because Stroessner’s dictatorship
tries to make Paraguay appear
to be the champion of anti-Com
munism. And our minister of for
eign relations, along with those
I of Nicaragua and Guatemala, em
phatically insists on the incom
patibility of Castro’s dictatorship
with the democracies of Stroess
ner, Somoza and Ydigoras.
(Editor's note: The following
is <he edited text of the speech
given before the plenary session
of the loth National Student Con
gress of the lISXSA this summer
hy Martial Hiqnelme, editor of
the University of Paraguay’s stu
dent newspaper. He is now in the
United Stales studying at Michi
gan Stale University on a schol
arship arranged by the NSA.)

This afternoon, my friends, I
wish to present to you a fistful
of truths with the sincere pur
pose of throwing light on these
problems, and with the intention
of serving as honestly as possible
the democratic cause of Latin
America a cause which has not
been furthered by the hypocriti
cal speeches and diplomatic cour
tesies of some of our Latin Amer
ican diplomats, who have done
nothing to improve our relation
ship.
First I would like to say that I
am delightfully surprised by the
intellectual independence of lead
ers of the student movement re
garding U.S. foreign policy to
ward our countries. While par
ticipating in the Latin American
seminar, I have been able to veri
fy the positions of your more
representative leaders against im
perialism and colonialism and
their total disagreement with the
support of the extreme right
wing. totalitarian regimes which
the U.S. Department of State has
given to Stroessner in Paraguay,
Somoza in Nicaragua, Duvalier in
Haiti, and Ydigoras Puentes in
Guatemala.
The Paraguayan people have
lived during the past twenty-two
years, under continuous military
dictatorships, including fourteen
years under a state of siege;
these sad years have brought a
total suppression of the most fun
damental human rights. While on
the one hand, we have one of the
lowest per capita incomes in the
world, on the other hand, we have
an antidemocratic and predatory
military oligarchy which controls
the greater part of our national
income.
For this reason the presence of
Paraguay in the Christian and
Western World constitutes a
mockery of our people and is a
contradiction of the principles
which the democratic nations of
the West espouse.
Perhaps you may be surprised
to hear that concentration camps
exist in Paraguay as they do in
some Communist countries. Per
haps you don’t know that we
have a terrorist police force
styled after the Gestapo, equip
ped with the most advanced
methods of torture. Perhaps you
don’t know that our country has
experienced the most massive ex
odus of refugees in recent his
tory, surpassed only in its nation
al meaning by the exodus of the
Israelites. Out of one and a half
million inhabitants, more than
five hundred thousand have es
caped from Stroessner and have
spread throughout Argentina,
Brazil, and Uruguay, seeking the
bread and peace which they can
not find in their own country.
And I ask you, is this just a hint
of the role that Paraguay has
played in the name of Western
Civilization?
As a follow student I would
also like to say a few words
about education in Paraguay. It
is noteworthy to point out the
pitiful conditions which charac
terize our universities, which
only receive three percent of the
government budget, while 40 per
cent of that budget is squandered
on military endeavors. Needless
to say, our army contributes
nothing to the defense of democ
racy and would be easily over
whelmed in a war with either of
its two powerful neighbors, Ar
gentina and Brazil.
As an inevitable consequence of
this tremendous disproportion be
tween military and educational
expenditures, our universities
lack buildings, they have no li
braries where students may
check out books. We have almost
no laboratory equipment in our
medical, chemistry, and engineer
ing schools. And the faculty? I
regret to tell you that a universi
ty professor receives the shame
ful salary of twenty-five dollars
a month.

Meanwhile, day after day, the
strength of the Paraguayan army
continues to grow with the arms
sent to Stroessner by the United
Slates to fight communism! And
j student leaders continue to be im
prisoned and tortured in the same
brutal manner that Al Lowen
stein noted last nighl was occur
ring in Spain.
I know that many of you are
unfamiliar with these problems,
because Stroessner’s dictatorship
tries to make Paraguay appear
to be the champion of anti-Com
munism. And our minister of for
eign relations, along with those
I of Nicaragua and Guatemala, em
phatically insists on the incom
patibility of Castro’s dictatorship
with the democracies of Stroess
ner, Somoza and Ydigoras.
(Editor's note: The following
is <he edited text of the speech
given before the plenary session
of the loth National Student Con
gress of the lISXSA this summer
hy Martial Hiqnelme, editor of
the University of Paraguay’s stu
dent newspaper. He is now in the
United Stales studying at Michi
gan Stale University on a schol
arship arranged by the NSA.)

This afternoon, my friends, I
wish to present to you a fistful
of truths with the sincere pur
pose of throwing light on these
problems, and with the intention
of serving as honestly as possible
the democratic cause of Latin
America a cause which has not
been furthered by the hypocriti
cal speeches and diplomatic cour
tesies of some of our Latin Amer
ican diplomats, who have done
nothing to improve our relation
ship.
First I would like to say that I
am delightfully surprised by the
intellectual independence of lead
ers of the student movement re
garding U.S. foreign policy to
ward our countries. While par
ticipating in the Latin American
seminar, I have been able to veri
fy the positions of your more
representative leaders against im
perialism and colonialism and
their total disagreement with the
support of the extreme right
wing. totalitarian regimes which
the U.S. Department of State has
given to Stroessner in Paraguay,
Somoza in Nicaragua, Duvalier in
Haiti, and Ydigoras Puentes in
Guatemala.
The Paraguayan people have
lived during the past twenty-two
years, under continuous military
dictatorships, including fourteen
years under a state of siege;
these sad years have brought a
total suppression of the most fun
damental human rights. While on
the one hand, we have one of the
lowest per capita incomes in the
world, on the other hand, we have
an antidemocratic and predatory
military oligarchy which controls
the greater part of our national
income.
For this reason the presence of
Paraguay in the Christian and
Western World constitutes a
mockery of our people and is a
contradiction of the principles
which the democratic nations of
the West espouse.
Perhaps you may be surprised
to hear that concentration camps
exist in Paraguay as they do in
some Communist countries. Per
haps you don’t know that we
have a terrorist police force
styled after the Gestapo, equip
ped with the most advanced
methods of torture. Perhaps you
don’t know that our country has
experienced the most massive ex
odus of refugees in recent his
tory, surpassed only in its nation
al meaning by the exodus of the
Israelites. Out of one and a half
million inhabitants, more than
five hundred thousand have es
caped from Stroessner and have
spread throughout Argentina,
Brazil, and Uruguay, seeking the
bread and peace which they can
not find in their own country.
And I ask you, is this just a hint
of the role that Paraguay has
played in the name of Western
Civilization?
As a follow student I would
also like to say a few words
about education in Paraguay. It
is noteworthy to point out the
pitiful conditions which charac
terize our universities, which
only receive three percent of the
government budget, while 40 per
cent of that budget is squandered
on military endeavors. Needless
to say, our army contributes
nothing to the defense of democ
racy and would be easily over
whelmed in a war with either of
its two powerful neighbors, Ar
gentina and Brazil.
As an inevitable consequence of
this tremendous disproportion be
tween military and educational
expenditures, our universities
lack buildings, they have no li
braries where students may
check out books. We have almost
no laboratory equipment in our
medical, chemistry, and engineer
ing schools. And the faculty? I
regret to tell you that a universi
ty professor receives the shame
ful salary of twenty-five dollars
a month.

Meanwhile, day after day, the
strength of the Paraguayan army
continues to grow with the arms
sent to Stroessner by the United
Slates to fight communism! And
j student leaders continue to be im
prisoned and tortured in the same
brutal manner that Al Lowen
stein noted last nighl was occur
ring in Spain.
I know that many of you are
unfamiliar with these problems,
because Stroessner’s dictatorship
tries to make Paraguay appear
to be the champion of anti-Com
munism. And our minister of for
eign relations, along with those
I of Nicaragua and Guatemala, em
phatically insists on the incom
patibility of Castro’s dictatorship
with the democracies of Stroess
ner, Somoza and Ydigoras.
(Editor's note: The following
is <he edited text of the speech
given before the plenary session
of the loth National Student Con
gress of the lISXSA this summer
hy Martial Hiqnelme, editor of
the University of Paraguay’s stu
dent newspaper. He is now in the
United Stales studying at Michi
gan Stale University on a schol
arship arranged by the NSA.)

This afternoon, my friends, I
wish to present to you a fistful
of truths with the sincere pur
pose of throwing light on these
problems, and with the intention
of serving as honestly as possible
the democratic cause of Latin
America a cause which has not
been furthered by the hypocriti
cal speeches and diplomatic cour
tesies of some of our Latin Amer
ican diplomats, who have done
nothing to improve our relation
ship.
First I would like to say that I
am delightfully surprised by the
intellectual independence of lead
ers of the student movement re
garding U.S. foreign policy to
ward our countries. While par
ticipating in the Latin American
seminar, I have been able to veri
fy the positions of your more
representative leaders against im
perialism and colonialism and
their total disagreement with the
support of the extreme right
wing. totalitarian regimes which
the U.S. Department of State has
given to Stroessner in Paraguay,
Somoza in Nicaragua, Duvalier in
Haiti, and Ydigoras Puentes in
Guatemala.
The Paraguayan people have
lived during the past twenty-two
years, under continuous military
dictatorships, including fourteen
years under a state of siege;
these sad years have brought a
total suppression of the most fun
damental human rights. While on
the one hand, we have one of the
lowest per capita incomes in the
world, on the other hand, we have
an antidemocratic and predatory
military oligarchy which controls
the greater part of our national
income.
For this reason the presence of
Paraguay in the Christian and
Western World constitutes a
mockery of our people and is a
contradiction of the principles
which the democratic nations of
the West espouse.
Perhaps you may be surprised
to hear that concentration camps
exist in Paraguay as they do in
some Communist countries. Per
haps you don’t know that we
have a terrorist police force
styled after the Gestapo, equip
ped with the most advanced
methods of torture. Perhaps you
don’t know that our country has
experienced the most massive ex
odus of refugees in recent his
tory, surpassed only in its nation
al meaning by the exodus of the
Israelites. Out of one and a half
million inhabitants, more than
five hundred thousand have es
caped from Stroessner and have
spread throughout Argentina,
Brazil, and Uruguay, seeking the
bread and peace which they can
not find in their own country.
And I ask you, is this just a hint
of the role that Paraguay has
played in the name of Western
Civilization?
As a follow student I would
also like to say a few words
about education in Paraguay. It
is noteworthy to point out the
pitiful conditions which charac
terize our universities, which
only receive three percent of the
government budget, while 40 per
cent of that budget is squandered
on military endeavors. Needless
to say, our army contributes
nothing to the defense of democ
racy and would be easily over
whelmed in a war with either of
its two powerful neighbors, Ar
gentina and Brazil.
As an inevitable consequence of
this tremendous disproportion be
tween military and educational
expenditures, our universities
lack buildings, they have no li
braries where students may
check out books. We have almost
no laboratory equipment in our
medical, chemistry, and engineer
ing schools. And the faculty? I
regret to tell you that a universi
ty professor receives the shame
ful salary of twenty-five dollars
a month.

Meanwhile, day after day, the
strength of the Paraguayan army
continues to grow with the arms
sent to Stroessner by the United
Slates to fight communism! And
j student leaders continue to be im
prisoned and tortured in the same
brutal manner that Al Lowen
stein noted last nighl was occur
ring in Spain.
I know that many of you are
unfamiliar with these problems,
because Stroessner’s dictatorship
tries to make Paraguay appear
to be the champion of anti-Com
munism. And our minister of for
eign relations, along with those
I of Nicaragua and Guatemala, em
phatically insists on the incom
patibility of Castro’s dictatorship
with the democracies of Stroess
ner, Somoza and Ydigoras.
(Editor's note: The following
is <he edited text of the speech
given before the plenary session
of the loth National Student Con
gress of the lISXSA this summer
hy Martial Hiqnelme, editor of
the University of Paraguay’s stu
dent newspaper. He is now in the
United Stales studying at Michi
gan Stale University on a schol
arship arranged by the NSA.)

This afternoon, my friends, I
wish to present to you a fistful
of truths with the sincere pur
pose of throwing light on these
problems, and with the intention
of serving as honestly as possible
the democratic cause of Latin
America a cause which has not
been furthered by the hypocriti
cal speeches and diplomatic cour
tesies of some of our Latin Amer
ican diplomats, who have done
nothing to improve our relation
ship.
First I would like to say that I
am delightfully surprised by the
intellectual independence of lead
ers of the student movement re
garding U.S. foreign policy to
ward our countries. While par
ticipating in the Latin American
seminar, I have been able to veri
fy the positions of your more
representative leaders against im
perialism and colonialism and
their total disagreement with the
support of the extreme right
wing. totalitarian regimes which
the U.S. Department of State has
given to Stroessner in Paraguay,
Somoza in Nicaragua, Duvalier in
Haiti, and Ydigoras Puentes in
Guatemala.
The Paraguayan people have
lived during the past twenty-two
years, under continuous military
dictatorships, including fourteen
years under a state of siege;
these sad years have brought a
total suppression of the most fun
damental human rights. While on
the one hand, we have one of the
lowest per capita incomes in the
world, on the other hand, we have
an antidemocratic and predatory
military oligarchy which controls
the greater part of our national
income.
For this reason the presence of
Paraguay in the Christian and
Western World constitutes a
mockery of our people and is a
contradiction of the principles
which the democratic nations of
the West espouse.
Perhaps you may be surprised
to hear that concentration camps
exist in Paraguay as they do in
some Communist countries. Per
haps you don’t know that we
have a terrorist police force
styled after the Gestapo, equip
ped with the most advanced
methods of torture. Perhaps you
don’t know that our country has
experienced the most massive ex
odus of refugees in recent his
tory, surpassed only in its nation
al meaning by the exodus of the
Israelites. Out of one and a half
million inhabitants, more than
five hundred thousand have es
caped from Stroessner and have
spread throughout Argentina,
Brazil, and Uruguay, seeking the
bread and peace which they can
not find in their own country.
And I ask you, is this just a hint
of the role that Paraguay has
played in the name of Western
Civilization?
As a follow student I would
also like to say a few words
about education in Paraguay. It
is noteworthy to point out the
pitiful conditions which charac
terize our universities, which
only receive three percent of the
government budget, while 40 per
cent of that budget is squandered
on military endeavors. Needless
to say, our army contributes
nothing to the defense of democ
racy and would be easily over
whelmed in a war with either of
its two powerful neighbors, Ar
gentina and Brazil.
As an inevitable consequence of
this tremendous disproportion be
tween military and educational
expenditures, our universities
lack buildings, they have no li
braries where students may
check out books. We have almost
no laboratory equipment in our
medical, chemistry, and engineer
ing schools. And the faculty? I
regret to tell you that a universi
ty professor receives the shame
ful salary of twenty-five dollars
a month.

Meanwhile, day after day, the
strength of the Paraguayan army
continues to grow with the arms
sent to Stroessner by the United
Slates to fight communism! And
j student leaders continue to be im
prisoned and tortured in the same
brutal manner that Al Lowen
stein noted last nighl was occur
ring in Spain.
I know that many of you are
unfamiliar with these problems,
because Stroessner’s dictatorship
tries to make Paraguay appear
to be the champion of anti-Com
munism. And our minister of for
eign relations, along with those
I of Nicaragua and Guatemala, em
phatically insists on the incom
patibility of Castro’s dictatorship
with the democracies of Stroess
ner, Somoza and Ydigoras.
(Editor's note: The following
is <he edited text of the speech
given before the plenary session
of the loth National Student Con
gress of the lISXSA this summer
hy Martial Hiqnelme, editor of
the University of Paraguay’s stu
dent newspaper. He is now in the
United Stales studying at Michi
gan Stale University on a schol
arship arranged by the NSA.)

This afternoon, my friends, I
wish to present to you a fistful
of truths with the sincere pur
pose of throwing light on these
problems, and with the intention
of serving as honestly as possible
the democratic cause of Latin
America a cause which has not
been furthered by the hypocriti
cal speeches and diplomatic cour
tesies of some of our Latin Amer
ican diplomats, who have done
nothing to improve our relation
ship.
First I would like to say that I
am delightfully surprised by the
intellectual independence of lead
ers of the student movement re
garding U.S. foreign policy to
ward our countries. While par
ticipating in the Latin American
seminar, I have been able to veri
fy the positions of your more
representative leaders against im
perialism and colonialism and
their total disagreement with the
support of the extreme right
wing. totalitarian regimes which
the U.S. Department of State has
given to Stroessner in Paraguay,
Somoza in Nicaragua, Duvalier in
Haiti, and Ydigoras Puentes in
Guatemala.
The Paraguayan people have
lived during the past twenty-two
years, under continuous military
dictatorships, including fourteen
years under a state of siege;
these sad years have brought a
total suppression of the most fun
damental human rights. While on
the one hand, we have one of the
lowest per capita incomes in the
world, on the other hand, we have
an antidemocratic and predatory
military oligarchy which controls
the greater part of our national
income.
For this reason the presence of
Paraguay in the Christian and
Western World constitutes a
mockery of our people and is a
contradiction of the principles
which the democratic nations of
the West espouse.
Perhaps you may be surprised
to hear that concentration camps
exist in Paraguay as they do in
some Communist countries. Per
haps you don’t know that we
have a terrorist police force
styled after the Gestapo, equip
ped with the most advanced
methods of torture. Perhaps you
don’t know that our country has
experienced the most massive ex
odus of refugees in recent his
tory, surpassed only in its nation
al meaning by the exodus of the
Israelites. Out of one and a half
million inhabitants, more than
five hundred thousand have es
caped from Stroessner and have
spread throughout Argentina,
Brazil, and Uruguay, seeking the
bread and peace which they can
not find in their own country.
And I ask you, is this just a hint
of the role that Paraguay has
played in the name of Western
Civilization?
As a follow student I would
also like to say a few words
about education in Paraguay. It
is noteworthy to point out the
pitiful conditions which charac
terize our universities, which
only receive three percent of the
government budget, while 40 per
cent of that budget is squandered
on military endeavors. Needless
to say, our army contributes
nothing to the defense of democ
racy and would be easily over
whelmed in a war with either of
its two powerful neighbors, Ar
gentina and Brazil.
As an inevitable consequence of
this tremendous disproportion be
tween military and educational
expenditures, our universities
lack buildings, they have no li
braries where students may
check out books. We have almost
no laboratory equipment in our
medical, chemistry, and engineer
ing schools. And the faculty? I
regret to tell you that a universi
ty professor receives the shame
ful salary of twenty-five dollars
a month.

Meanwhile, day after day, the
strength of the Paraguayan army
continues to grow with the arms
sent to Stroessner by the United
Slates to fight communism! And
j student leaders continue to be im
prisoned and tortured in the same
brutal manner that Al Lowen
stein noted last nighl was occur
ring in Spain.
I know that many of you are
unfamiliar with these problems,
because Stroessner’s dictatorship
tries to make Paraguay appear
to be the champion of anti-Com
munism. And our minister of for
eign relations, along with those
I of Nicaragua and Guatemala, em
phatically insists on the incom
patibility of Castro’s dictatorship
with the democracies of Stroess
ner, Somoza and Ydigoras.
(Editor's note: The following
is <he edited text of the speech
given before the plenary session
of the loth National Student Con
gress of the lISXSA this summer
hy Martial Hiqnelme, editor of
the University of Paraguay’s stu
dent newspaper. He is now in the
United Stales studying at Michi
gan Stale University on a schol
arship arranged by the NSA.)

This afternoon, my friends, I
wish to present to you a fistful
of truths with the sincere pur
pose of throwing light on these
problems, and with the intention
of serving as honestly as possible
the democratic cause of Latin
America a cause which has not
been furthered by the hypocriti
cal speeches and diplomatic cour
tesies of some of our Latin Amer
ican diplomats, who have done
nothing to improve our relation
ship.
First I would like to say that I
am delightfully surprised by the
intellectual independence of lead
ers of the student movement re
garding U.S. foreign policy to
ward our countries. While par
ticipating in the Latin American
seminar, I have been able to veri
fy the positions of your more
representative leaders against im
perialism and colonialism and
their total disagreement with the
support of the extreme right
wing. totalitarian regimes which
the U.S. Department of State has
given to Stroessner in Paraguay,
Somoza in Nicaragua, Duvalier in
Haiti, and Ydigoras Puentes in
Guatemala.
The Paraguayan people have
lived during the past twenty-two
years, under continuous military
dictatorships, including fourteen
years under a state of siege;
these sad years have brought a
total suppression of the most fun
damental human rights. While on
the one hand, we have one of the
lowest per capita incomes in the
world, on the other hand, we have
an antidemocratic and predatory
military oligarchy which controls
the greater part of our national
income.
For this reason the presence of
Paraguay in the Christian and
Western World constitutes a
mockery of our people and is a
contradiction of the principles
which the democratic nations of
the West espouse.
Perhaps you may be surprised
to hear that concentration camps
exist in Paraguay as they do in
some Communist countries. Per
haps you don’t know that we
have a terrorist police force
styled after the Gestapo, equip
ped with the most advanced
methods of torture. Perhaps you
don’t know that our country has
experienced the most massive ex
odus of refugees in recent his
tory, surpassed only in its nation
al meaning by the exodus of the
Israelites. Out of one and a half
million inhabitants, more than
five hundred thousand have es
caped from Stroessner and have
spread throughout Argentina,
Brazil, and Uruguay, seeking the
bread and peace which they can
not find in their own country.
And I ask you, is this just a hint
of the role that Paraguay has
played in the name of Western
Civilization?
As a follow student I would
also like to say a few words
about education in Paraguay. It
is noteworthy to point out the
pitiful conditions which charac
terize our universities, which
only receive three percent of the
government budget, while 40 per
cent of that budget is squandered
on military endeavors. Needless
to say, our army contributes
nothing to the defense of democ
racy and would be easily over
whelmed in a war with either of
its two powerful neighbors, Ar
gentina and Brazil.
As an inevitable consequence of
this tremendous disproportion be
tween military and educational
expenditures, our universities
lack buildings, they have no li
braries where students may
check out books. We have almost
no laboratory equipment in our
medical, chemistry, and engineer
ing schools. And the faculty? I
regret to tell you that a universi
ty professor receives the shame
ful salary of twenty-five dollars
a month.

Meanwhile, day after day, the
strength of the Paraguayan army
continues to grow with the arms
sent to Stroessner by the United
Slates to fight communism! And
j student leaders continue to be im
prisoned and tortured in the same
brutal manner that Al Lowen
stein noted last nighl was occur
ring in Spain.
I know that many of you are
unfamiliar with these problems,
because Stroessner’s dictatorship
tries to make Paraguay appear
to be the champion of anti-Com
munism. And our minister of for
eign relations, along with those
I of Nicaragua and Guatemala, em
phatically insists on the incom
patibility of Castro’s dictatorship
with the democracies of Stroess
ner, Somoza and Ydigoras.
(Editor's note: The following
is <he edited text of the speech
given before the plenary session
of the loth National Student Con
gress of the lISXSA this summer
hy Martial Hiqnelme, editor of
the University of Paraguay’s stu
dent newspaper. He is now in the
United Stales studying at Michi
gan Stale University on a schol
arship arranged by the NSA.)

This afternoon, my friends, I
wish to present to you a fistful
of truths with the sincere pur
pose of throwing light on these
problems, and with the intention
of serving as honestly as possible
the democratic cause of Latin
America a cause which has not
been furthered by the hypocriti
cal speeches and diplomatic cour
tesies of some of our Latin Amer
ican diplomats, who have done
nothing to improve our relation
ship.
First I would like to say that I
am delightfully surprised by the
intellectual independence of lead
ers of the student movement re
garding U.S. foreign policy to
ward our countries. While par
ticipating in the Latin American
seminar, I have been able to veri
fy the positions of your more
representative leaders against im
perialism and colonialism and
their total disagreement with the
support of the extreme right
wing. totalitarian regimes which
the U.S. Department of State has
given to Stroessner in Paraguay,
Somoza in Nicaragua, Duvalier in
Haiti, and Ydigoras Puentes in
Guatemala.
The Paraguayan people have
lived during the past twenty-two
years, under continuous military
dictatorships, including fourteen
years under a state of siege;
these sad years have brought a
total suppression of the most fun
damental human rights. While on
the one hand, we have one of the
lowest per capita incomes in the
world, on the other hand, we have
an antidemocratic and predatory
military oligarchy which controls
the greater part of our national
income.
For this reason the presence of
Paraguay in the Christian and
Western World constitutes a
mockery of our people and is a
contradiction of the principles
which the democratic nations of
the West espouse.
Perhaps you may be surprised
to hear that concentration camps
exist in Paraguay as they do in
some Communist countries. Per
haps you don’t know that we
have a terrorist police force
styled after the Gestapo, equip
ped with the most advanced
methods of torture. Perhaps you
don’t know that our country has
experienced the most massive ex
odus of refugees in recent his
tory, surpassed only in its nation
al meaning by the exodus of the
Israelites. Out of one and a half
million inhabitants, more than
five hundred thousand have es
caped from Stroessner and have
spread throughout Argentina,
Brazil, and Uruguay, seeking the
bread and peace which they can
not find in their own country.
And I ask you, is this just a hint
of the role that Paraguay has
played in the name of Western
Civilization?
As a follow student I would
also like to say a few words
about education in Paraguay. It
is noteworthy to point out the
pitiful conditions which charac
terize our universities, which
only receive three percent of the
government budget, while 40 per
cent of that budget is squandered
on military endeavors. Needless
to say, our army contributes
nothing to the defense of democ
racy and would be easily over
whelmed in a war with either of
its two powerful neighbors, Ar
gentina and Brazil.
As an inevitable consequence of
this tremendous disproportion be
tween military and educational
expenditures, our universities
lack buildings, they have no li
braries where students may
check out books. We have almost
no laboratory equipment in our
medical, chemistry, and engineer
ing schools. And the faculty? I
regret to tell you that a universi
ty professor receives the shame
ful salary of twenty-five dollars
a month.

Meanwhile, day after day, the
strength of the Paraguayan army
continues to grow with the arms
sent to Stroessner by the United
Slates to fight communism! And
j student leaders continue to be im
prisoned and tortured in the same
brutal manner that Al Lowen
stein noted last nighl was occur
ring in Spain.
I know that many of you are
unfamiliar with these problems,
because Stroessner’s dictatorship
tries to make Paraguay appear
to be the champion of anti-Com
munism. And our minister of for
eign relations, along with those
I of Nicaragua and Guatemala, em
phatically insists on the incom
patibility of Castro’s dictatorship
with the democracies of Stroess
ner, Somoza and Ydigoras.
(Editor's note: The following
is <he edited text of the speech
given before the plenary session
of the loth National Student Con
gress of the lISXSA this summer
hy Martial Hiqnelme, editor of
the University of Paraguay’s stu
dent newspaper. He is now in the
United Stales studying at Michi
gan Stale University on a schol
arship arranged by the NSA.)

This afternoon, my friends, I
wish to present to you a fistful
of truths with the sincere pur
pose of throwing light on these
problems, and with the intention
of serving as honestly as possible
the democratic cause of Latin
America a cause which has not
been furthered by the hypocriti
cal speeches and diplomatic cour
tesies of some of our Latin Amer
ican diplomats, who have done
nothing to improve our relation
ship.
First I would like to say that I
am delightfully surprised by the
intellectual independence of lead
ers of the student movement re
garding U.S. foreign policy to
ward our countries. While par
ticipating in the Latin American
seminar, I have been able to veri
fy the positions of your more
representative leaders against im
perialism and colonialism and
their total disagreement with the
support of the extreme right
wing. totalitarian regimes which
the U.S. Department of State has
given to Stroessner in Paraguay,
Somoza in Nicaragua, Duvalier in
Haiti, and Ydigoras Puentes in
Guatemala.
The Paraguayan people have
lived during the past twenty-two
years, under continuous military
dictatorships, including fourteen
years under a state of siege;
these sad years have brought a
total suppression of the most fun
damental human rights. While on
the one hand, we have one of the
lowest per capita incomes in the
world, on the other hand, we have
an antidemocratic and predatory
military oligarchy which controls
the greater part of our national
income.
For this reason the presence of
Paraguay in the Christian and
Western World constitutes a
mockery of our people and is a
contradiction of the principles
which the democratic nations of
the West espouse.
Perhaps you may be surprised
to hear that concentration camps
exist in Paraguay as they do in
some Communist countries. Per
haps you don’t know that we
have a terrorist police force
styled after the Gestapo, equip
ped with the most advanced
methods of torture. Perhaps you
don’t know that our country has
experienced the most massive ex
odus of refugees in recent his
tory, surpassed only in its nation
al meaning by the exodus of the
Israelites. Out of one and a half
million inhabitants, more than
five hundred thousand have es
caped from Stroessner and have
spread throughout Argentina,
Brazil, and Uruguay, seeking the
bread and peace which they can
not find in their own country.
And I ask you, is this just a hint
of the role that Paraguay has
played in the name of Western
Civilization?
As a follow student I would
also like to say a few words
about education in Paraguay. It
is noteworthy to point out the
pitiful conditions which charac
terize our universities, which
only receive three percent of the
government budget, while 40 per
cent of that budget is squandered
on military endeavors. Needless
to say, our army contributes
nothing to the defense of democ
racy and would be easily over
whelmed in a war with either of
its two powerful neighbors, Ar
gentina and Brazil.
As an inevitable consequence of
this tremendous disproportion be
tween military and educational
expenditures, our universities
lack buildings, they have no li
braries where students may
check out books. We have almost
no laboratory equipment in our
medical, chemistry, and engineer
ing schools. And the faculty? I
regret to tell you that a universi
ty professor receives the shame
ful salary of twenty-five dollars
a month.

Meanwhile, day after day, the
strength of the Paraguayan army
continues to grow with the arms
sent to Stroessner by the United
Slates to fight communism! And
j student leaders continue to be im
prisoned and tortured in the same
brutal manner that Al Lowen
stein noted last nighl was occur
ring in Spain.
I know that many of you are
unfamiliar with these problems,
because Stroessner’s dictatorship
tries to make Paraguay appear
to be the champion of anti-Com
munism. And our minister of for
eign relations, along with those
I of Nicaragua and Guatemala, em
phatically insists on the incom
patibility of Castro’s dictatorship
with the democracies of Stroess
ner, Somoza and Ydigoras.
(Editor's note: The following
is <he edited text of the speech
given before the plenary session
of the loth National Student Con
gress of the lISXSA this summer
hy Martial Hiqnelme, editor of
the University of Paraguay’s stu
dent newspaper. He is now in the
United Stales studying at Michi
gan Stale University on a schol
arship arranged by the NSA.)

This afternoon, my friends, I
wish to present to you a fistful
of truths with the sincere pur
pose of throwing light on these
problems, and with the intention
of serving as honestly as possible
the democratic cause of Latin
America a cause which has not
been furthered by the hypocriti
cal speeches and diplomatic cour
tesies of some of our Latin Amer
ican diplomats, who have done
nothing to improve our relation
ship.
First I would like to say that I
am delightfully surprised by the
intellectual independence of lead
ers of the student movement re
garding U.S. foreign policy to
ward our countries. While par
ticipating in the Latin American
seminar, I have been able to veri
fy the positions of your more
representative leaders against im
perialism and colonialism and
their total disagreement with the
support of the extreme right
wing. totalitarian regimes which
the U.S. Department of State has
given to Stroessner in Paraguay,
Somoza in Nicaragua, Duvalier in
Haiti, and Ydigoras Puentes in
Guatemala.
The Paraguayan people have
lived during the past twenty-two
years, under continuous military
dictatorships, including fourteen
years under a state of siege;
these sad years have brought a
total suppression of the most fun
damental human rights. While on
the one hand, we have one of the
lowest per capita incomes in the
world, on the other hand, we have
an antidemocratic and predatory
military oligarchy which controls
the greater part of our national
income.
For this reason the presence of
Paraguay in the Christian and
Western World constitutes a
mockery of our people and is a
contradiction of the principles
which the democratic nations of
the West espouse.
Perhaps you may be surprised
to hear that concentration camps
exist in Paraguay as they do in
some Communist countries. Per
haps you don’t know that we
have a terrorist police force
styled after the Gestapo, equip
ped with the most advanced
methods of torture. Perhaps you
don’t know that our country has
experienced the most massive ex
odus of refugees in recent his
tory, surpassed only in its nation
al meaning by the exodus of the
Israelites. Out of one and a half
million inhabitants, more than
five hundred thousand have es
caped from Stroessner and have
spread throughout Argentina,
Brazil, and Uruguay, seeking the
bread and peace which they can
not find in their own country.
And I ask you, is this just a hint
of the role that Paraguay has
played in the name of Western
Civilization?
As a follow student I would
also like to say a few words
about education in Paraguay. It
is noteworthy to point out the
pitiful conditions which charac
terize our universities, which
only receive three percent of the
government budget, while 40 per
cent of that budget is squandered
on military endeavors. Needless
to say, our army contributes
nothing to the defense of democ
racy and would be easily over
whelmed in a war with either of
its two powerful neighbors, Ar
gentina and Brazil.
As an inevitable consequence of
this tremendous disproportion be
tween military and educational
expenditures, our universities
lack buildings, they have no li
braries where students may
check out books. We have almost
no laboratory equipment in our
medical, chemistry, and engineer
ing schools. And the faculty? I
regret to tell you that a universi
ty professor receives the shame
ful salary of twenty-five dollars
a month.

Meanwhile, day after day, the
strength of the Paraguayan army
continues to grow with the arms
sent to Stroessner by the United
Slates to fight communism! And
j student leaders continue to be im
prisoned and tortured in the same
brutal manner that Al Lowen
stein noted last nighl was occur
ring in Spain.
I know that many of you are
unfamiliar with these problems,
because Stroessner’s dictatorship
tries to make Paraguay appear
to be the champion of anti-Com
munism. And our minister of for
eign relations, along with those
I of Nicaragua and Guatemala, em
phatically insists on the incom
patibility of Castro’s dictatorship
with the democracies of Stroess
ner, Somoza and Ydigoras.
(Editor's note: The following
is <he edited text of the speech
given before the plenary session
of the loth National Student Con
gress of the lISXSA this summer
hy Martial Hiqnelme, editor of
the University of Paraguay’s stu
dent newspaper. He is now in the
United Stales studying at Michi
gan Stale University on a schol
arship arranged by the NSA.)

This afternoon, my friends, I
wish to present to you a fistful
of truths with the sincere pur
pose of throwing light on these
problems, and with the intention
of serving as honestly as possible
the democratic cause of Latin
America a cause which has not
been furthered by the hypocriti
cal speeches and diplomatic cour
tesies of some of our Latin Amer
ican diplomats, who have done
nothing to improve our relation
ship.
First I would like to say that I
am delightfully surprised by the
intellectual independence of lead
ers of the student movement re
garding U.S. foreign policy to
ward our countries. While par
ticipating in the Latin American
seminar, I have been able to veri
fy the positions of your more
representative leaders against im
perialism and colonialism and
their total disagreement with the
support of the extreme right
wing. totalitarian regimes which
the U.S. Department of State has
given to Stroessner in Paraguay,
Somoza in Nicaragua, Duvalier in
Haiti, and Ydigoras Puentes in
Guatemala.
The Paraguayan people have
lived during the past twenty-two
years, under continuous military
dictatorships, including fourteen
years under a state of siege;
these sad years have brought a
total suppression of the most fun
damental human rights. While on
the one hand, we have one of the
lowest per capita incomes in the
world, on the other hand, we have
an antidemocratic and predatory
military oligarchy which controls
the greater part of our national
income.
For this reason the presence of
Paraguay in the Christian and
Western World constitutes a
mockery of our people and is a
contradiction of the principles
which the democratic nations of
the West espouse.
Perhaps you may be surprised
to hear that concentration camps
exist in Paraguay as they do in
some Communist countries. Per
haps you don’t know that we
have a terrorist police force
styled after the Gestapo, equip
ped with the most advanced
methods of torture. Perhaps you
don’t know that our country has
experienced the most massive ex
odus of refugees in recent his
tory, surpassed only in its nation
al meaning by the exodus of the
Israelites. Out of one and a half
million inhabitants, more than
five hundred thousand have es
caped from Stroessner and have
spread throughout Argentina,
Brazil, and Uruguay, seeking the
bread and peace which they can
not find in their own country.
And I ask you, is this just a hint
of the role that Paraguay has
played in the name of Western
Civilization?
As a follow student I would
also like to say a few words
about education in Paraguay. It
is noteworthy to point out the
pitiful conditions which charac
terize our universities, which
only receive three percent of the
government budget, while 40 per
cent of that budget is squandered
on military endeavors. Needless
to say, our army contributes
nothing to the defense of democ
racy and would be easily over
whelmed in a war with either of
its two powerful neighbors, Ar
gentina and Brazil.
As an inevitable consequence of
this tremendous disproportion be
tween military and educational
expenditures, our universities
lack buildings, they have no li
braries where students may
check out books. We have almost
no laboratory equipment in our
medical, chemistry, and engineer
ing schools. And the faculty? I
regret to tell you that a universi
ty professor receives the shame
ful salary of twenty-five dollars
a month.

Meanwhile, day after day, the
strength of the Paraguayan army
continues to grow with the arms
sent to Stroessner by the United
Slates to fight communism! And
j student leaders continue to be im
prisoned and tortured in the same
brutal manner that Al Lowen
stein noted last nighl was occur
ring in Spain.
I know that many of you are
unfamiliar with these problems,
because Stroessner’s dictatorship
tries to make Paraguay appear
to be the champion of anti-Com
munism. And our minister of for
eign relations, along with those
I of Nicaragua and Guatemala, em
phatically insists on the incom
patibility of Castro’s dictatorship
with the democracies of Stroess
ner, Somoza and Ydigoras.
(Editor's note: The following
is <he edited text of the speech
given before the plenary session
of the loth National Student Con
gress of the lISXSA this summer
hy Martial Hiqnelme, editor of
the University of Paraguay’s stu
dent newspaper. He is now in the
United Stales studying at Michi
gan Stale University on a schol
arship arranged by the NSA.)

This afternoon, my friends, I
wish to present to you a fistful
of truths with the sincere pur
pose of throwing light on these
problems, and with the intention
of serving as honestly as possible
the democratic cause of Latin
America a cause which has not
been furthered by the hypocriti
cal speeches and diplomatic cour
tesies of some of our Latin Amer
ican diplomats, who have done
nothing to improve our relation
ship.
First I would like to say that I
am delightfully surprised by the
intellectual independence of lead
ers of the student movement re
garding U.S. foreign policy to
ward our countries. While par
ticipating in the Latin American
seminar, I have been able to veri
fy the positions of your more
representative leaders against im
perialism and colonialism and
their total disagreement with the
support of the extreme right
wing. totalitarian regimes which
the U.S. Department of State has
given to Stroessner in Paraguay,
Somoza in Nicaragua, Duvalier in
Haiti, and Ydigoras Puentes in
Guatemala.
The Paraguayan people have
lived during the past twenty-two
years, under continuous military
dictatorships, including fourteen
years under a state of siege;
these sad years have brought a
total suppression of the most fun
damental human rights. While on
the one hand, we have one of the
lowest per capita incomes in the
world, on the other hand, we have
an antidemocratic and predatory
military oligarchy which controls
the greater part of our national
income.
For this reason the presence of
Paraguay in the Christian and
Western World constitutes a
mockery of our people and is a
contradiction of the principles
which the democratic nations of
the West espouse.
Perhaps you may be surprised
to hear that concentration camps
exist in Paraguay as they do in
some Communist countries. Per
haps you don’t know that we
have a terrorist police force
styled after the Gestapo, equip
ped with the most advanced
methods of torture. Perhaps you
don’t know that our country has
experienced the most massive ex
odus of refugees in recent his
tory, surpassed only in its nation
al meaning by the exodus of the
Israelites. Out of one and a half
million inhabitants, more than
five hundred thousand have es
caped from Stroessner and have
spread throughout Argentina,
Brazil, and Uruguay, seeking the
bread and peace which they can
not find in their own country.
And I ask you, is this just a hint
of the role that Paraguay has
played in the name of Western
Civilization?
As a follow student I would
also like to say a few words
about education in Paraguay. It
is noteworthy to point out the
pitiful conditions which charac
terize our universities, which
only receive three percent of the
government budget, while 40 per
cent of that budget is squandered
on military endeavors. Needless
to say, our army contributes
nothing to the defense of democ
racy and would be easily over
whelmed in a war with either of
its two powerful neighbors, Ar
gentina and Brazil.
As an inevitable consequence of
this tremendous disproportion be
tween military and educational
expenditures, our universities
lack buildings, they have no li
braries where students may
check out books. We have almost
no laboratory equipment in our
medical, chemistry, and engineer
ing schools. And the faculty? I
regret to tell you that a universi
ty professor receives the shame
ful salary of twenty-five dollars
a month.

Meanwhile, day after day, the
strength of the Paraguayan army
continues to grow with the arms
sent to Stroessner by the United
Slates to fight communism! And
j student leaders continue to be im
prisoned and tortured in the same
brutal manner that Al Lowen
stein noted last nighl was occur
ring in Spain.
I know that many of you are
unfamiliar with these problems,
because Stroessner’s dictatorship
tries to make Paraguay appear
to be the champion of anti-Com
munism. And our minister of for
eign relations, along with those
I of Nicaragua and Guatemala, em
phatically insists on the incom
patibility of Castro’s dictatorship
with the democracies of Stroess
ner, Somoza and Ydigoras.
(Editor's note: The following
is <he edited text of the speech
given before the plenary session
of the loth National Student Con
gress of the lISXSA this summer
hy Martial Hiqnelme, editor of
the University of Paraguay’s stu
dent newspaper. He is now in the
United Stales studying at Michi
gan Stale University on a schol
arship arranged by the NSA.)

This afternoon, my friends, I
wish to present to you a fistful
of truths with the sincere pur
pose of throwing light on these
problems, and with the intention
of serving as honestly as possible
the democratic cause of Latin
America a cause which has not
been furthered by the hypocriti
cal speeches and diplomatic cour
tesies of some of our Latin Amer
ican diplomats, who have done
nothing to improve our relation
ship.
First I would like to say that I
am delightfully surprised by the
intellectual independence of lead
ers of the student movement re
garding U.S. foreign policy to
ward our countries. While par
ticipating in the Latin American
seminar, I have been able to veri
fy the positions of your more
representative leaders against im
perialism and colonialism and
their total disagreement with the
support of the extreme right
wing. totalitarian regimes which
the U.S. Department of State has
given to Stroessner in Paraguay,
Somoza in Nicaragua, Duvalier in
Haiti, and Ydigoras Puentes in
Guatemala.
The Paraguayan people have
lived during the past twenty-two
years, under continuous military
dictatorships, including fourteen
years under a state of siege;
these sad years have brought a
total suppression of the most fun
damental human rights. While on
the one hand, we have one of the
lowest per capita incomes in the
world, on the other hand, we have
an antidemocratic and predatory
military oligarchy which controls
the greater part of our national
income.
For this reason the presence of
Paraguay in the Christian and
Western World constitutes a
mockery of our people and is a
contradiction of the principles
which the democratic nations of
the West espouse.
Perhaps you may be surprised
to hear that concentration camps
exist in Paraguay as they do in
some Communist countries. Per
haps you don’t know that we
have a terrorist police force
styled after the Gestapo, equip
ped with the most advanced
methods of torture. Perhaps you
don’t know that our country has
experienced the most massive ex
odus of refugees in recent his
tory, surpassed only in its nation
al meaning by the exodus of the
Israelites. Out of one and a half
million inhabitants, more than
five hundred thousand have es
caped from Stroessner and have
spread throughout Argentina,
Brazil, and Uruguay, seeking the
bread and peace which they can
not find in their own country.
And I ask you, is this just a hint
of the role that Paraguay has
played in the name of Western
Civilization?
As a follow student I would
also like to say a few words
about education in Paraguay. It
is noteworthy to point out the
pitiful conditions which charac
terize our universities, which
only receive three percent of the
government budget, while 40 per
cent of that budget is squandered
on military endeavors. Needless
to say, our army contributes
nothing to the defense of democ
racy and would be easily over
whelmed in a war with either of
its two powerful neighbors, Ar
gentina and Brazil.
As an inevitable consequence of
this tremendous disproportion be
tween military and educational
expenditures, our universities
lack buildings, they have no li
braries where students may
check out books. We have almost
no laboratory equipment in our
medical, chemistry, and engineer
ing schools. And the faculty? I
regret to tell you that a universi
ty professor receives the shame
ful salary of twenty-five dollars
a month.

Meanwhile, day after day, the
strength of the Paraguayan army
continues to grow with the arms
sent to Stroessner by the United
Slates to fight communism! And
j student leaders continue to be im
prisoned and tortured in the same
brutal manner that Al Lowen
stein noted last nighl was occur
ring in Spain.
I know that many of you are
unfamiliar with these problems,
because Stroessner’s dictatorship
tries to make Paraguay appear
to be the champion of anti-Com
munism. And our minister of for
eign relations, along with those
I of Nicaragua and Guatemala, em
phatically insists on the incom
patibility of Castro’s dictatorship
with the democracies of Stroess
ner, Somoza and Ydigoras.
(Editor's note: The following
is <he edited text of the speech
given before the plenary session
of the loth National Student Con
gress of the lISXSA this summer
hy Martial Hiqnelme, editor of
the University of Paraguay’s stu
dent newspaper. He is now in the
United Stales studying at Michi
gan Stale University on a schol
arship arranged by the NSA.)

This afternoon, my friends, I
wish to present to you a fistful
of truths with the sincere pur
pose of throwing light on these
problems, and with the intention
of serving as honestly as possible
the democratic cause of Latin
America a cause which has not
been furthered by the hypocriti
cal speeches and diplomatic cour
tesies of some of our Latin Amer
ican diplomats, who have done
nothing to improve our relation
ship.
First I would like to say that I
am delightfully surprised by the
intellectual independence of lead
ers of the student movement re
garding U.S. foreign policy to
ward our countries. While par
ticipating in the Latin American
seminar, I have been able to veri
fy the positions of your more
representative leaders against im
perialism and colonialism and
their total disagreement with the
support of the extreme right
wing. totalitarian regimes which
the U.S. Department of State has
given to Stroessner in Paraguay,
Somoza in Nicaragua, Duvalier in
Haiti, and Ydigoras Puentes in
Guatemala.
The Paraguayan people have
lived during the past twenty-two
years, under continuous military
dictatorships, including fourteen
years under a state of siege;
these sad years have brought a
total suppression of the most fun
damental human rights. While on
the one hand, we have one of the
lowest per capita incomes in the
world, on the other hand, we have
an antidemocratic and predatory
military oligarchy which controls
the greater part of our national
income.
For this reason the presence of
Paraguay in the Christian and
Western World constitutes a
mockery of our people and is a
contradiction of the principles
which the democratic nations of
the West espouse.
Perhaps you may be surprised
to hear that concentration camps
exist in Paraguay as they do in
some Communist countries. Per
haps you don’t know that we
have a terrorist police force
styled after the Gestapo, equip
ped with the most advanced
methods of torture. Perhaps you
don’t know that our country has
experienced the most massive ex
odus of refugees in recent his
tory, surpassed only in its nation
al meaning by the exodus of the
Israelites. Out of one and a half
million inhabitants, more than
five hundred thousand have es
caped from Stroessner and have
spread throughout Argentina,
Brazil, and Uruguay, seeking the
bread and peace which they can
not find in their own country.
And I ask you, is this just a hint
of the role that Paraguay has
played in the name of Western
Civilization?
As a follow student I would
also like to say a few words
about education in Paraguay. It
is noteworthy to point out the
pitiful conditions which charac
terize our universities, which
only receive three percent of the
government budget, while 40 per
cent of that budget is squandered
on military endeavors. Needless
to say, our army contributes
nothing to the defense of democ
racy and would be easily over
whelmed in a war with either of
its two powerful neighbors, Ar
gentina and Brazil.
As an inevitable consequence of
this tremendous disproportion be
tween military and educational
expenditures, our universities
lack buildings, they have no li
braries where students may
check out books. We have almost
no laboratory equipment in our
medical, chemistry, and engineer
ing schools. And the faculty? I
regret to tell you that a universi
ty professor receives the shame
ful salary of twenty-five dollars
a month.

Meanwhile, day after day, the
strength of the Paraguayan army
continues to grow with the arms
sent to Stroessner by the United
Slates to fight communism! And
j student leaders continue to be im
prisoned and tortured in the same
brutal manner that Al Lowen
stein noted last nighl was occur
ring in Spain.
I know that many of you are
unfamiliar with these problems,
because Stroessner’s dictatorship
tries to make Paraguay appear
to be the champion of anti-Com
munism. And our minister of for
eign relations, along with those
I of Nicaragua and Guatemala, em
phatically insists on the incom
patibility of Castro’s dictatorship
with the democracies of Stroess
ner, Somoza and Ydigoras.
