# Voltaire Class Discontinued
## 
### 
The Germanic - Romanic Lan
guage Department has announc
ed that French 23d, "Second-
Yea r Reading: Voltaire," to
have been given MWF 12, will
not be given spring quarter.
In its place will be French
120, "French Cultural Read
ings," to be given MWF 12
(Wolpe, room 380, 4 nnils).
The Germanic - Romanic Lan
guage Department has announc
ed that French 23d, "Second-
Yea r Reading: Voltaire," to
have been given MWF 12, will
not be given spring quarter.
In its place will be French
120, "French Cultural Read
ings," to be given MWF 12
(Wolpe, room 380, 4 nnils).
The Germanic - Romanic Lan
guage Department has announc
ed that French 23d, "Second-
Yea r Reading: Voltaire," to
have been given MWF 12, will
not be given spring quarter.
In its place will be French
120, "French Cultural Read
ings," to be given MWF 12
(Wolpe, room 380, 4 nnils).
The Germanic - Romanic Lan
guage Department has announc
ed that French 23d, "Second-
Yea r Reading: Voltaire," to
have been given MWF 12, will
not be given spring quarter.
In its place will be French
120, "French Cultural Read
ings," to be given MWF 12
(Wolpe, room 380, 4 nnils).
The Germanic - Romanic Lan
guage Department has announc
ed that French 23d, "Second-
Yea r Reading: Voltaire," to
have been given MWF 12, will
not be given spring quarter.
In its place will be French
120, "French Cultural Read
ings," to be given MWF 12
(Wolpe, room 380, 4 nnils).
The Germanic - Romanic Lan
guage Department has announc
ed that French 23d, "Second-
Yea r Reading: Voltaire," to
have been given MWF 12, will
not be given spring quarter.
In its place will be French
120, "French Cultural Read
ings," to be given MWF 12
(Wolpe, room 380, 4 nnils).
The Germanic - Romanic Lan
guage Department has announc
ed that French 23d, "Second-
Yea r Reading: Voltaire," to
have been given MWF 12, will
not be given spring quarter.
In its place will be French
120, "French Cultural Read
ings," to be given MWF 12
(Wolpe, room 380, 4 nnils).
The Germanic - Romanic Lan
guage Department has announc
ed that French 23d, "Second-
Yea r Reading: Voltaire," to
have been given MWF 12, will
not be given spring quarter.
In its place will be French
120, "French Cultural Read
ings," to be given MWF 12
(Wolpe, room 380, 4 nnils).
The Germanic - Romanic Lan
guage Department has announc
ed that French 23d, "Second-
Yea r Reading: Voltaire," to
have been given MWF 12, will
not be given spring quarter.
In its place will be French
120, "French Cultural Read
ings," to be given MWF 12
(Wolpe, room 380, 4 nnils).
The Germanic - Romanic Lan
guage Department has announc
ed that French 23d, "Second-
Yea r Reading: Voltaire," to
have been given MWF 12, will
not be given spring quarter.
In its place will be French
120, "French Cultural Read
ings," to be given MWF 12
(Wolpe, room 380, 4 nnils).
The Germanic - Romanic Lan
guage Department has announc
ed that French 23d, "Second-
Yea r Reading: Voltaire," to
have been given MWF 12, will
not be given spring quarter.
In its place will be French
120, "French Cultural Read
ings," to be given MWF 12
(Wolpe, room 380, 4 nnils).
The Germanic - Romanic Lan
guage Department has announc
ed that French 23d, "Second-
Yea r Reading: Voltaire," to
have been given MWF 12, will
not be given spring quarter.
In its place will be French
120, "French Cultural Read
ings," to be given MWF 12
(Wolpe, room 380, 4 nnils).
The Germanic - Romanic Lan
guage Department has announc
ed that French 23d, "Second-
Yea r Reading: Voltaire," to
have been given MWF 12, will
not be given spring quarter.
In its place will be French
120, "French Cultural Read
ings," to be given MWF 12
(Wolpe, room 380, 4 nnils).
The Germanic - Romanic Lan
guage Department has announc
ed that French 23d, "Second-
Yea r Reading: Voltaire," to
have been given MWF 12, will
not be given spring quarter.
In its place will be French
120, "French Cultural Read
ings," to be given MWF 12
(Wolpe, room 380, 4 nnils).
The Germanic - Romanic Lan
guage Department has announc
ed that French 23d, "Second-
Yea r Reading: Voltaire," to
have been given MWF 12, will
not be given spring quarter.
In its place will be French
120, "French Cultural Read
ings," to be given MWF 12
(Wolpe, room 380, 4 nnils).
The Germanic - Romanic Lan
guage Department has announc
ed that French 23d, "Second-
Yea r Reading: Voltaire," to
have been given MWF 12, will
not be given spring quarter.
In its place will be French
120, "French Cultural Read
ings," to be given MWF 12
(Wolpe, room 380, 4 nnils).
The Germanic - Romanic Lan
guage Department has announc
ed that French 23d, "Second-
Yea r Reading: Voltaire," to
have been given MWF 12, will
not be given spring quarter.
In its place will be French
120, "French Cultural Read
ings," to be given MWF 12
(Wolpe, room 380, 4 nnils).
