# know Your Indians
## 
### 
Burtleson (6-0, 160 lbs., sen
ior fronr-Alameda > was low for
S'lanford lasl year as they fin
ished second in the NCAA. His
game is solid in all depart
ments, and his putting is good.
In 1955 he was second in the
No r th e i' n Intercollegiate to
John McMullin, now on the pro
tour. Major: Civil Engineering.
(This concludes' "Know

Reich (5-8. 160 lbs., junior
from Highland Park, 111., is
present summer and winter
champion of the Chicago dis
trict. In 1956 he was low quali
fier for the Tarn All-American
with a 69. Was Western Junior
medalist in 1955. A steady play
er, with an excellent short
game. Major: Economics.
Yohi* Indians" for golf)


Al l HI KTIJ:SO.\


woodgik ki k h
Burtleson (6-0, 160 lbs., sen
ior fronr-Alameda > was low for
S'lanford lasl year as they fin
ished second in the NCAA. His
game is solid in all depart
ments, and his putting is good.
In 1955 he was second in the
No r th e i' n Intercollegiate to
John McMullin, now on the pro
tour. Major: Civil Engineering.
(This concludes' "Know

Reich (5-8. 160 lbs., junior
from Highland Park, 111., is
present summer and winter
champion of the Chicago dis
trict. In 1956 he was low quali
fier for the Tarn All-American
with a 69. Was Western Junior
medalist in 1955. A steady play
er, with an excellent short
game. Major: Economics.
Yohi* Indians" for golf)


Al l HI KTIJ:SO.\


woodgik ki k h
Burtleson (6-0, 160 lbs., sen
ior fronr-Alameda > was low for
S'lanford lasl year as they fin
ished second in the NCAA. His
game is solid in all depart
ments, and his putting is good.
In 1955 he was second in the
No r th e i' n Intercollegiate to
John McMullin, now on the pro
tour. Major: Civil Engineering.
(This concludes' "Know

Reich (5-8. 160 lbs., junior
from Highland Park, 111., is
present summer and winter
champion of the Chicago dis
trict. In 1956 he was low quali
fier for the Tarn All-American
with a 69. Was Western Junior
medalist in 1955. A steady play
er, with an excellent short
game. Major: Economics.
Yohi* Indians" for golf)


Al l HI KTIJ:SO.\


woodgik ki k h
Burtleson (6-0, 160 lbs., sen
ior fronr-Alameda > was low for
S'lanford lasl year as they fin
ished second in the NCAA. His
game is solid in all depart
ments, and his putting is good.
In 1955 he was second in the
No r th e i' n Intercollegiate to
John McMullin, now on the pro
tour. Major: Civil Engineering.
(This concludes' "Know

Reich (5-8. 160 lbs., junior
from Highland Park, 111., is
present summer and winter
champion of the Chicago dis
trict. In 1956 he was low quali
fier for the Tarn All-American
with a 69. Was Western Junior
medalist in 1955. A steady play
er, with an excellent short
game. Major: Economics.
Yohi* Indians" for golf)


Al l HI KTIJ:SO.\


woodgik ki k h
Burtleson (6-0, 160 lbs., sen
ior fronr-Alameda > was low for
S'lanford lasl year as they fin
ished second in the NCAA. His
game is solid in all depart
ments, and his putting is good.
In 1955 he was second in the
No r th e i' n Intercollegiate to
John McMullin, now on the pro
tour. Major: Civil Engineering.
(This concludes' "Know

Reich (5-8. 160 lbs., junior
from Highland Park, 111., is
present summer and winter
champion of the Chicago dis
trict. In 1956 he was low quali
fier for the Tarn All-American
with a 69. Was Western Junior
medalist in 1955. A steady play
er, with an excellent short
game. Major: Economics.
Yohi* Indians" for golf)


Al l HI KTIJ:SO.\


woodgik ki k h
Burtleson (6-0, 160 lbs., sen
ior fronr-Alameda > was low for
S'lanford lasl year as they fin
ished second in the NCAA. His
game is solid in all depart
ments, and his putting is good.
In 1955 he was second in the
No r th e i' n Intercollegiate to
John McMullin, now on the pro
tour. Major: Civil Engineering.
(This concludes' "Know

Reich (5-8. 160 lbs., junior
from Highland Park, 111., is
present summer and winter
champion of the Chicago dis
trict. In 1956 he was low quali
fier for the Tarn All-American
with a 69. Was Western Junior
medalist in 1955. A steady play
er, with an excellent short
game. Major: Economics.
Yohi* Indians" for golf)


Al l HI KTIJ:SO.\


woodgik ki k h
Burtleson (6-0, 160 lbs., sen
ior fronr-Alameda > was low for
S'lanford lasl year as they fin
ished second in the NCAA. His
game is solid in all depart
ments, and his putting is good.
In 1955 he was second in the
No r th e i' n Intercollegiate to
John McMullin, now on the pro
tour. Major: Civil Engineering.
(This concludes' "Know

Reich (5-8. 160 lbs., junior
from Highland Park, 111., is
present summer and winter
champion of the Chicago dis
trict. In 1956 he was low quali
fier for the Tarn All-American
with a 69. Was Western Junior
medalist in 1955. A steady play
er, with an excellent short
game. Major: Economics.
Yohi* Indians" for golf)


Al l HI KTIJ:SO.\


woodgik ki k h
Burtleson (6-0, 160 lbs., sen
ior fronr-Alameda > was low for
S'lanford lasl year as they fin
ished second in the NCAA. His
game is solid in all depart
ments, and his putting is good.
In 1955 he was second in the
No r th e i' n Intercollegiate to
John McMullin, now on the pro
tour. Major: Civil Engineering.
(This concludes' "Know

Reich (5-8. 160 lbs., junior
from Highland Park, 111., is
present summer and winter
champion of the Chicago dis
trict. In 1956 he was low quali
fier for the Tarn All-American
with a 69. Was Western Junior
medalist in 1955. A steady play
er, with an excellent short
game. Major: Economics.
Yohi* Indians" for golf)


Al l HI KTIJ:SO.\


woodgik ki k h
Burtleson (6-0, 160 lbs., sen
ior fronr-Alameda > was low for
S'lanford lasl year as they fin
ished second in the NCAA. His
game is solid in all depart
ments, and his putting is good.
In 1955 he was second in the
No r th e i' n Intercollegiate to
John McMullin, now on the pro
tour. Major: Civil Engineering.
(This concludes' "Know

Reich (5-8. 160 lbs., junior
from Highland Park, 111., is
present summer and winter
champion of the Chicago dis
trict. In 1956 he was low quali
fier for the Tarn All-American
with a 69. Was Western Junior
medalist in 1955. A steady play
er, with an excellent short
game. Major: Economics.
Yohi* Indians" for golf)


Al l HI KTIJ:SO.\


woodgik ki k h
Burtleson (6-0, 160 lbs., sen
ior fronr-Alameda > was low for
S'lanford lasl year as they fin
ished second in the NCAA. His
game is solid in all depart
ments, and his putting is good.
In 1955 he was second in the
No r th e i' n Intercollegiate to
John McMullin, now on the pro
tour. Major: Civil Engineering.
(This concludes' "Know

Reich (5-8. 160 lbs., junior
from Highland Park, 111., is
present summer and winter
champion of the Chicago dis
trict. In 1956 he was low quali
fier for the Tarn All-American
with a 69. Was Western Junior
medalist in 1955. A steady play
er, with an excellent short
game. Major: Economics.
Yohi* Indians" for golf)


Al l HI KTIJ:SO.\


woodgik ki k h
Burtleson (6-0, 160 lbs., sen
ior fronr-Alameda > was low for
S'lanford lasl year as they fin
ished second in the NCAA. His
game is solid in all depart
ments, and his putting is good.
In 1955 he was second in the
No r th e i' n Intercollegiate to
John McMullin, now on the pro
tour. Major: Civil Engineering.
(This concludes' "Know

Reich (5-8. 160 lbs., junior
from Highland Park, 111., is
present summer and winter
champion of the Chicago dis
trict. In 1956 he was low quali
fier for the Tarn All-American
with a 69. Was Western Junior
medalist in 1955. A steady play
er, with an excellent short
game. Major: Economics.
Yohi* Indians" for golf)


Al l HI KTIJ:SO.\


woodgik ki k h
Burtleson (6-0, 160 lbs., sen
ior fronr-Alameda > was low for
S'lanford lasl year as they fin
ished second in the NCAA. His
game is solid in all depart
ments, and his putting is good.
In 1955 he was second in the
No r th e i' n Intercollegiate to
John McMullin, now on the pro
tour. Major: Civil Engineering.
(This concludes' "Know

Reich (5-8. 160 lbs., junior
from Highland Park, 111., is
present summer and winter
champion of the Chicago dis
trict. In 1956 he was low quali
fier for the Tarn All-American
with a 69. Was Western Junior
medalist in 1955. A steady play
er, with an excellent short
game. Major: Economics.
Yohi* Indians" for golf)


Al l HI KTIJ:SO.\


woodgik ki k h
Burtleson (6-0, 160 lbs., sen
ior fronr-Alameda > was low for
S'lanford lasl year as they fin
ished second in the NCAA. His
game is solid in all depart
ments, and his putting is good.
In 1955 he was second in the
No r th e i' n Intercollegiate to
John McMullin, now on the pro
tour. Major: Civil Engineering.
(This concludes' "Know

Reich (5-8. 160 lbs., junior
from Highland Park, 111., is
present summer and winter
champion of the Chicago dis
trict. In 1956 he was low quali
fier for the Tarn All-American
with a 69. Was Western Junior
medalist in 1955. A steady play
er, with an excellent short
game. Major: Economics.
Yohi* Indians" for golf)


Al l HI KTIJ:SO.\


woodgik ki k h
Burtleson (6-0, 160 lbs., sen
ior fronr-Alameda > was low for
S'lanford lasl year as they fin
ished second in the NCAA. His
game is solid in all depart
ments, and his putting is good.
In 1955 he was second in the
No r th e i' n Intercollegiate to
John McMullin, now on the pro
tour. Major: Civil Engineering.
(This concludes' "Know

Reich (5-8. 160 lbs., junior
from Highland Park, 111., is
present summer and winter
champion of the Chicago dis
trict. In 1956 he was low quali
fier for the Tarn All-American
with a 69. Was Western Junior
medalist in 1955. A steady play
er, with an excellent short
game. Major: Economics.
Yohi* Indians" for golf)


Al l HI KTIJ:SO.\


woodgik ki k h
Burtleson (6-0, 160 lbs., sen
ior fronr-Alameda > was low for
S'lanford lasl year as they fin
ished second in the NCAA. His
game is solid in all depart
ments, and his putting is good.
In 1955 he was second in the
No r th e i' n Intercollegiate to
John McMullin, now on the pro
tour. Major: Civil Engineering.
(This concludes' "Know

Reich (5-8. 160 lbs., junior
from Highland Park, 111., is
present summer and winter
champion of the Chicago dis
trict. In 1956 he was low quali
fier for the Tarn All-American
with a 69. Was Western Junior
medalist in 1955. A steady play
er, with an excellent short
game. Major: Economics.
Yohi* Indians" for golf)


Al l HI KTIJ:SO.\


woodgik ki k h
Burtleson (6-0, 160 lbs., sen
ior fronr-Alameda > was low for
S'lanford lasl year as they fin
ished second in the NCAA. His
game is solid in all depart
ments, and his putting is good.
In 1955 he was second in the
No r th e i' n Intercollegiate to
John McMullin, now on the pro
tour. Major: Civil Engineering.
(This concludes' "Know

Reich (5-8. 160 lbs., junior
from Highland Park, 111., is
present summer and winter
champion of the Chicago dis
trict. In 1956 he was low quali
fier for the Tarn All-American
with a 69. Was Western Junior
medalist in 1955. A steady play
er, with an excellent short
game. Major: Economics.
Yohi* Indians" for golf)


Al l HI KTIJ:SO.\


woodgik ki k h
Burtleson (6-0, 160 lbs., sen
ior fronr-Alameda > was low for
S'lanford lasl year as they fin
ished second in the NCAA. His
game is solid in all depart
ments, and his putting is good.
In 1955 he was second in the
No r th e i' n Intercollegiate to
John McMullin, now on the pro
tour. Major: Civil Engineering.
(This concludes' "Know

Reich (5-8. 160 lbs., junior
from Highland Park, 111., is
present summer and winter
champion of the Chicago dis
trict. In 1956 he was low quali
fier for the Tarn All-American
with a 69. Was Western Junior
medalist in 1955. A steady play
er, with an excellent short
game. Major: Economics.
Yohi* Indians" for golf)


Al l HI KTIJ:SO.\


woodgik ki k h
