# Foreign Service
## 
### 
Those who have passed the
written part of the Foreign Serv
ice test are invited to attend a
briefing for the oral exam. Dr.
Graham Stuart will conduct the
briefing, sponsored by Pi Sigma
Alpha, tomorrow at 4 p.m. in
Room 21 -C.
Those who have passed the
written part of the Foreign Serv
ice test are invited to attend a
briefing for the oral exam. Dr.
Graham Stuart will conduct the
briefing, sponsored by Pi Sigma
Alpha, tomorrow at 4 p.m. in
Room 21 -C.
Those who have passed the
written part of the Foreign Serv
ice test are invited to attend a
briefing for the oral exam. Dr.
Graham Stuart will conduct the
briefing, sponsored by Pi Sigma
Alpha, tomorrow at 4 p.m. in
Room 21 -C.
Those who have passed the
written part of the Foreign Serv
ice test are invited to attend a
briefing for the oral exam. Dr.
Graham Stuart will conduct the
briefing, sponsored by Pi Sigma
Alpha, tomorrow at 4 p.m. in
Room 21 -C.
Those who have passed the
written part of the Foreign Serv
ice test are invited to attend a
briefing for the oral exam. Dr.
Graham Stuart will conduct the
briefing, sponsored by Pi Sigma
Alpha, tomorrow at 4 p.m. in
Room 21 -C.
Those who have passed the
written part of the Foreign Serv
ice test are invited to attend a
briefing for the oral exam. Dr.
Graham Stuart will conduct the
briefing, sponsored by Pi Sigma
Alpha, tomorrow at 4 p.m. in
Room 21 -C.
Those who have passed the
written part of the Foreign Serv
ice test are invited to attend a
briefing for the oral exam. Dr.
Graham Stuart will conduct the
briefing, sponsored by Pi Sigma
Alpha, tomorrow at 4 p.m. in
Room 21 -C.
Those who have passed the
written part of the Foreign Serv
ice test are invited to attend a
briefing for the oral exam. Dr.
Graham Stuart will conduct the
briefing, sponsored by Pi Sigma
Alpha, tomorrow at 4 p.m. in
Room 21 -C.
Those who have passed the
written part of the Foreign Serv
ice test are invited to attend a
briefing for the oral exam. Dr.
Graham Stuart will conduct the
briefing, sponsored by Pi Sigma
Alpha, tomorrow at 4 p.m. in
Room 21 -C.
Those who have passed the
written part of the Foreign Serv
ice test are invited to attend a
briefing for the oral exam. Dr.
Graham Stuart will conduct the
briefing, sponsored by Pi Sigma
Alpha, tomorrow at 4 p.m. in
Room 21 -C.
Those who have passed the
written part of the Foreign Serv
ice test are invited to attend a
briefing for the oral exam. Dr.
Graham Stuart will conduct the
briefing, sponsored by Pi Sigma
Alpha, tomorrow at 4 p.m. in
Room 21 -C.
Those who have passed the
written part of the Foreign Serv
ice test are invited to attend a
briefing for the oral exam. Dr.
Graham Stuart will conduct the
briefing, sponsored by Pi Sigma
Alpha, tomorrow at 4 p.m. in
Room 21 -C.
Those who have passed the
written part of the Foreign Serv
ice test are invited to attend a
briefing for the oral exam. Dr.
Graham Stuart will conduct the
briefing, sponsored by Pi Sigma
Alpha, tomorrow at 4 p.m. in
Room 21 -C.
Those who have passed the
written part of the Foreign Serv
ice test are invited to attend a
briefing for the oral exam. Dr.
Graham Stuart will conduct the
briefing, sponsored by Pi Sigma
Alpha, tomorrow at 4 p.m. in
Room 21 -C.
Those who have passed the
written part of the Foreign Serv
ice test are invited to attend a
briefing for the oral exam. Dr.
Graham Stuart will conduct the
briefing, sponsored by Pi Sigma
Alpha, tomorrow at 4 p.m. in
Room 21 -C.
Those who have passed the
written part of the Foreign Serv
ice test are invited to attend a
briefing for the oral exam. Dr.
Graham Stuart will conduct the
briefing, sponsored by Pi Sigma
Alpha, tomorrow at 4 p.m. in
Room 21 -C.
Those who have passed the
written part of the Foreign Serv
ice test are invited to attend a
briefing for the oral exam. Dr.
Graham Stuart will conduct the
briefing, sponsored by Pi Sigma
Alpha, tomorrow at 4 p.m. in
Room 21 -C.
