# Froshbook Sale
## 
### 
Copies of the class of '61 Frosh
book will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner today from 9 a.m. to
5 p.m.
The Quad reminds rushing
chairmen that no froshbooks are
being saved for them. The books
will cost $1.50.
Copies of the class of '61 Frosh
book will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner today from 9 a.m. to
5 p.m.
The Quad reminds rushing
chairmen that no froshbooks are
being saved for them. The books
will cost $1.50.
Copies of the class of '61 Frosh
book will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner today from 9 a.m. to
5 p.m.
The Quad reminds rushing
chairmen that no froshbooks are
being saved for them. The books
will cost $1.50.
Copies of the class of '61 Frosh
book will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner today from 9 a.m. to
5 p.m.
The Quad reminds rushing
chairmen that no froshbooks are
being saved for them. The books
will cost $1.50.
Copies of the class of '61 Frosh
book will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner today from 9 a.m. to
5 p.m.
The Quad reminds rushing
chairmen that no froshbooks are
being saved for them. The books
will cost $1.50.
Copies of the class of '61 Frosh
book will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner today from 9 a.m. to
5 p.m.
The Quad reminds rushing
chairmen that no froshbooks are
being saved for them. The books
will cost $1.50.
Copies of the class of '61 Frosh
book will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner today from 9 a.m. to
5 p.m.
The Quad reminds rushing
chairmen that no froshbooks are
being saved for them. The books
will cost $1.50.
Copies of the class of '61 Frosh
book will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner today from 9 a.m. to
5 p.m.
The Quad reminds rushing
chairmen that no froshbooks are
being saved for them. The books
will cost $1.50.
Copies of the class of '61 Frosh
book will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner today from 9 a.m. to
5 p.m.
The Quad reminds rushing
chairmen that no froshbooks are
being saved for them. The books
will cost $1.50.
Copies of the class of '61 Frosh
book will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner today from 9 a.m. to
5 p.m.
The Quad reminds rushing
chairmen that no froshbooks are
being saved for them. The books
will cost $1.50.
Copies of the class of '61 Frosh
book will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner today from 9 a.m. to
5 p.m.
The Quad reminds rushing
chairmen that no froshbooks are
being saved for them. The books
will cost $1.50.
Copies of the class of '61 Frosh
book will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner today from 9 a.m. to
5 p.m.
The Quad reminds rushing
chairmen that no froshbooks are
being saved for them. The books
will cost $1.50.
Copies of the class of '61 Frosh
book will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner today from 9 a.m. to
5 p.m.
The Quad reminds rushing
chairmen that no froshbooks are
being saved for them. The books
will cost $1.50.
Copies of the class of '61 Frosh
book will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner today from 9 a.m. to
5 p.m.
The Quad reminds rushing
chairmen that no froshbooks are
being saved for them. The books
will cost $1.50.
Copies of the class of '61 Frosh
book will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner today from 9 a.m. to
5 p.m.
The Quad reminds rushing
chairmen that no froshbooks are
being saved for them. The books
will cost $1.50.
Copies of the class of '61 Frosh
book will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner today from 9 a.m. to
5 p.m.
The Quad reminds rushing
chairmen that no froshbooks are
being saved for them. The books
will cost $1.50.
Copies of the class of '61 Frosh
book will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner today from 9 a.m. to
5 p.m.
The Quad reminds rushing
chairmen that no froshbooks are
being saved for them. The books
will cost $1.50.
