# ELEVEN CARS TAGGED AT LIBE LAST NIGHT
## 
### 
Campus police last night tagged 11
cars for illegal parking in front of
the Library. Recent near accidents
that would have resulted in possible
injury to pedestrians are the cause
of the drastic police action, and the
rule to keep automobiles from the
front steps will be rigidly enforced
in the future.
The 11 cases of last night will have
their hearings before the Men's and
Women's Councils on Friday of this
week.
Campus police last night tagged 11
cars for illegal parking in front of
the Library. Recent near accidents
that would have resulted in possible
injury to pedestrians are the cause
of the drastic police action, and the
rule to keep automobiles from the
front steps will be rigidly enforced
in the future.
The 11 cases of last night will have
their hearings before the Men's and
Women's Councils on Friday of this
week.
Campus police last night tagged 11
cars for illegal parking in front of
the Library. Recent near accidents
that would have resulted in possible
injury to pedestrians are the cause
of the drastic police action, and the
rule to keep automobiles from the
front steps will be rigidly enforced
in the future.
The 11 cases of last night will have
their hearings before the Men's and
Women's Councils on Friday of this
week.
Campus police last night tagged 11
cars for illegal parking in front of
the Library. Recent near accidents
that would have resulted in possible
injury to pedestrians are the cause
of the drastic police action, and the
rule to keep automobiles from the
front steps will be rigidly enforced
in the future.
The 11 cases of last night will have
their hearings before the Men's and
Women's Councils on Friday of this
week.
Campus police last night tagged 11
cars for illegal parking in front of
the Library. Recent near accidents
that would have resulted in possible
injury to pedestrians are the cause
of the drastic police action, and the
rule to keep automobiles from the
front steps will be rigidly enforced
in the future.
The 11 cases of last night will have
their hearings before the Men's and
Women's Councils on Friday of this
week.
Campus police last night tagged 11
cars for illegal parking in front of
the Library. Recent near accidents
that would have resulted in possible
injury to pedestrians are the cause
of the drastic police action, and the
rule to keep automobiles from the
front steps will be rigidly enforced
in the future.
The 11 cases of last night will have
their hearings before the Men's and
Women's Councils on Friday of this
week.
Campus police last night tagged 11
cars for illegal parking in front of
the Library. Recent near accidents
that would have resulted in possible
injury to pedestrians are the cause
of the drastic police action, and the
rule to keep automobiles from the
front steps will be rigidly enforced
in the future.
The 11 cases of last night will have
their hearings before the Men's and
Women's Councils on Friday of this
week.
Campus police last night tagged 11
cars for illegal parking in front of
the Library. Recent near accidents
that would have resulted in possible
injury to pedestrians are the cause
of the drastic police action, and the
rule to keep automobiles from the
front steps will be rigidly enforced
in the future.
The 11 cases of last night will have
their hearings before the Men's and
Women's Councils on Friday of this
week.
Campus police last night tagged 11
cars for illegal parking in front of
the Library. Recent near accidents
that would have resulted in possible
injury to pedestrians are the cause
of the drastic police action, and the
rule to keep automobiles from the
front steps will be rigidly enforced
in the future.
The 11 cases of last night will have
their hearings before the Men's and
Women's Councils on Friday of this
week.
Campus police last night tagged 11
cars for illegal parking in front of
the Library. Recent near accidents
that would have resulted in possible
injury to pedestrians are the cause
of the drastic police action, and the
rule to keep automobiles from the
front steps will be rigidly enforced
in the future.
The 11 cases of last night will have
their hearings before the Men's and
Women's Councils on Friday of this
week.
Campus police last night tagged 11
cars for illegal parking in front of
the Library. Recent near accidents
that would have resulted in possible
injury to pedestrians are the cause
of the drastic police action, and the
rule to keep automobiles from the
front steps will be rigidly enforced
in the future.
The 11 cases of last night will have
their hearings before the Men's and
Women's Councils on Friday of this
week.
Campus police last night tagged 11
cars for illegal parking in front of
the Library. Recent near accidents
that would have resulted in possible
injury to pedestrians are the cause
of the drastic police action, and the
rule to keep automobiles from the
front steps will be rigidly enforced
in the future.
The 11 cases of last night will have
their hearings before the Men's and
Women's Councils on Friday of this
week.
Campus police last night tagged 11
cars for illegal parking in front of
the Library. Recent near accidents
that would have resulted in possible
injury to pedestrians are the cause
of the drastic police action, and the
rule to keep automobiles from the
front steps will be rigidly enforced
in the future.
The 11 cases of last night will have
their hearings before the Men's and
Women's Councils on Friday of this
week.
Campus police last night tagged 11
cars for illegal parking in front of
the Library. Recent near accidents
that would have resulted in possible
injury to pedestrians are the cause
of the drastic police action, and the
rule to keep automobiles from the
front steps will be rigidly enforced
in the future.
The 11 cases of last night will have
their hearings before the Men's and
Women's Councils on Friday of this
week.
Campus police last night tagged 11
cars for illegal parking in front of
the Library. Recent near accidents
that would have resulted in possible
injury to pedestrians are the cause
of the drastic police action, and the
rule to keep automobiles from the
front steps will be rigidly enforced
in the future.
The 11 cases of last night will have
their hearings before the Men's and
Women's Councils on Friday of this
week.
