# QUEEN HELEN ILL
## 
### 
BUCHAREST, Rumania, Fob. 11.
(TP)—Queen Helen lias contracted
the grippe and was ordered to bed
today by her physicians. •
BUCHAREST, Rumania, Fob. 11.
(TP)—Queen Helen lias contracted
the grippe and was ordered to bed
today by her physicians. •
BUCHAREST, Rumania, Fob. 11.
(TP)—Queen Helen lias contracted
the grippe and was ordered to bed
today by her physicians. •
BUCHAREST, Rumania, Fob. 11.
(TP)—Queen Helen lias contracted
the grippe and was ordered to bed
today by her physicians. •
BUCHAREST, Rumania, Fob. 11.
(TP)—Queen Helen lias contracted
the grippe and was ordered to bed
today by her physicians. •
BUCHAREST, Rumania, Fob. 11.
(TP)—Queen Helen lias contracted
the grippe and was ordered to bed
today by her physicians. •
BUCHAREST, Rumania, Fob. 11.
(TP)—Queen Helen lias contracted
the grippe and was ordered to bed
today by her physicians. •
BUCHAREST, Rumania, Fob. 11.
(TP)—Queen Helen lias contracted
the grippe and was ordered to bed
today by her physicians. •
BUCHAREST, Rumania, Fob. 11.
(TP)—Queen Helen lias contracted
the grippe and was ordered to bed
today by her physicians. •
BUCHAREST, Rumania, Fob. 11.
(TP)—Queen Helen lias contracted
the grippe and was ordered to bed
today by her physicians. •
BUCHAREST, Rumania, Fob. 11.
(TP)—Queen Helen lias contracted
the grippe and was ordered to bed
today by her physicians. •
BUCHAREST, Rumania, Fob. 11.
(TP)—Queen Helen lias contracted
the grippe and was ordered to bed
today by her physicians. •
BUCHAREST, Rumania, Fob. 11.
(TP)—Queen Helen lias contracted
the grippe and was ordered to bed
today by her physicians. •
BUCHAREST, Rumania, Fob. 11.
(TP)—Queen Helen lias contracted
the grippe and was ordered to bed
today by her physicians. •
BUCHAREST, Rumania, Fob. 11.
(TP)—Queen Helen lias contracted
the grippe and was ordered to bed
today by her physicians. •
