# EX GRID STAR NAMED HEAD OF CORPORATION
## 
### 
Clifford I'. ("BifT") Hoffman, son
in-law of A. P. Gianini and former
Stanford football, shot, put, and dis
cus star, is one of the three new
directors of Italo Petroleum Cor
poration of America, elected recent -
ly at the stockholders annual meet
ing.
The election followed charges by
Attorney Angelo Scampini, chair
man of the Preferred Stockholders
Protective Association, that the
board of directors was perpetuating
itself in power by proxies. The old
board was accused of having wrong
fully issued $12,000,000 in common
stock.
Clifford I'. ("BifT") Hoffman, son
in-law of A. P. Gianini and former
Stanford football, shot, put, and dis
cus star, is one of the three new
directors of Italo Petroleum Cor
poration of America, elected recent -
ly at the stockholders annual meet
ing.
The election followed charges by
Attorney Angelo Scampini, chair
man of the Preferred Stockholders
Protective Association, that the
board of directors was perpetuating
itself in power by proxies. The old
board was accused of having wrong
fully issued $12,000,000 in common
stock.
Clifford I'. ("BifT") Hoffman, son
in-law of A. P. Gianini and former
Stanford football, shot, put, and dis
cus star, is one of the three new
directors of Italo Petroleum Cor
poration of America, elected recent -
ly at the stockholders annual meet
ing.
The election followed charges by
Attorney Angelo Scampini, chair
man of the Preferred Stockholders
Protective Association, that the
board of directors was perpetuating
itself in power by proxies. The old
board was accused of having wrong
fully issued $12,000,000 in common
stock.
Clifford I'. ("BifT") Hoffman, son
in-law of A. P. Gianini and former
Stanford football, shot, put, and dis
cus star, is one of the three new
directors of Italo Petroleum Cor
poration of America, elected recent -
ly at the stockholders annual meet
ing.
The election followed charges by
Attorney Angelo Scampini, chair
man of the Preferred Stockholders
Protective Association, that the
board of directors was perpetuating
itself in power by proxies. The old
board was accused of having wrong
fully issued $12,000,000 in common
stock.
Clifford I'. ("BifT") Hoffman, son
in-law of A. P. Gianini and former
Stanford football, shot, put, and dis
cus star, is one of the three new
directors of Italo Petroleum Cor
poration of America, elected recent -
ly at the stockholders annual meet
ing.
The election followed charges by
Attorney Angelo Scampini, chair
man of the Preferred Stockholders
Protective Association, that the
board of directors was perpetuating
itself in power by proxies. The old
board was accused of having wrong
fully issued $12,000,000 in common
stock.
Clifford I'. ("BifT") Hoffman, son
in-law of A. P. Gianini and former
Stanford football, shot, put, and dis
cus star, is one of the three new
directors of Italo Petroleum Cor
poration of America, elected recent -
ly at the stockholders annual meet
ing.
The election followed charges by
Attorney Angelo Scampini, chair
man of the Preferred Stockholders
Protective Association, that the
board of directors was perpetuating
itself in power by proxies. The old
board was accused of having wrong
fully issued $12,000,000 in common
stock.
Clifford I'. ("BifT") Hoffman, son
in-law of A. P. Gianini and former
Stanford football, shot, put, and dis
cus star, is one of the three new
directors of Italo Petroleum Cor
poration of America, elected recent -
ly at the stockholders annual meet
ing.
The election followed charges by
Attorney Angelo Scampini, chair
man of the Preferred Stockholders
Protective Association, that the
board of directors was perpetuating
itself in power by proxies. The old
board was accused of having wrong
fully issued $12,000,000 in common
stock.
Clifford I'. ("BifT") Hoffman, son
in-law of A. P. Gianini and former
Stanford football, shot, put, and dis
cus star, is one of the three new
directors of Italo Petroleum Cor
poration of America, elected recent -
ly at the stockholders annual meet
ing.
The election followed charges by
Attorney Angelo Scampini, chair
man of the Preferred Stockholders
Protective Association, that the
board of directors was perpetuating
itself in power by proxies. The old
board was accused of having wrong
fully issued $12,000,000 in common
stock.
Clifford I'. ("BifT") Hoffman, son
in-law of A. P. Gianini and former
Stanford football, shot, put, and dis
cus star, is one of the three new
directors of Italo Petroleum Cor
poration of America, elected recent -
ly at the stockholders annual meet
ing.
The election followed charges by
Attorney Angelo Scampini, chair
man of the Preferred Stockholders
Protective Association, that the
board of directors was perpetuating
itself in power by proxies. The old
board was accused of having wrong
fully issued $12,000,000 in common
stock.
Clifford I'. ("BifT") Hoffman, son
in-law of A. P. Gianini and former
Stanford football, shot, put, and dis
cus star, is one of the three new
directors of Italo Petroleum Cor
poration of America, elected recent -
ly at the stockholders annual meet
ing.
The election followed charges by
Attorney Angelo Scampini, chair
man of the Preferred Stockholders
Protective Association, that the
board of directors was perpetuating
itself in power by proxies. The old
board was accused of having wrong
fully issued $12,000,000 in common
stock.
Clifford I'. ("BifT") Hoffman, son
in-law of A. P. Gianini and former
Stanford football, shot, put, and dis
cus star, is one of the three new
directors of Italo Petroleum Cor
poration of America, elected recent -
ly at the stockholders annual meet
ing.
The election followed charges by
Attorney Angelo Scampini, chair
man of the Preferred Stockholders
Protective Association, that the
board of directors was perpetuating
itself in power by proxies. The old
board was accused of having wrong
fully issued $12,000,000 in common
stock.
Clifford I'. ("BifT") Hoffman, son
in-law of A. P. Gianini and former
Stanford football, shot, put, and dis
cus star, is one of the three new
directors of Italo Petroleum Cor
poration of America, elected recent -
ly at the stockholders annual meet
ing.
The election followed charges by
Attorney Angelo Scampini, chair
man of the Preferred Stockholders
Protective Association, that the
board of directors was perpetuating
itself in power by proxies. The old
board was accused of having wrong
fully issued $12,000,000 in common
stock.
Clifford I'. ("BifT") Hoffman, son
in-law of A. P. Gianini and former
Stanford football, shot, put, and dis
cus star, is one of the three new
directors of Italo Petroleum Cor
poration of America, elected recent -
ly at the stockholders annual meet
ing.
The election followed charges by
Attorney Angelo Scampini, chair
man of the Preferred Stockholders
Protective Association, that the
board of directors was perpetuating
itself in power by proxies. The old
board was accused of having wrong
fully issued $12,000,000 in common
stock.
Clifford I'. ("BifT") Hoffman, son
in-law of A. P. Gianini and former
Stanford football, shot, put, and dis
cus star, is one of the three new
directors of Italo Petroleum Cor
poration of America, elected recent -
ly at the stockholders annual meet
ing.
The election followed charges by
Attorney Angelo Scampini, chair
man of the Preferred Stockholders
Protective Association, that the
board of directors was perpetuating
itself in power by proxies. The old
board was accused of having wrong
fully issued $12,000,000 in common
stock.
Clifford I'. ("BifT") Hoffman, son
in-law of A. P. Gianini and former
Stanford football, shot, put, and dis
cus star, is one of the three new
directors of Italo Petroleum Cor
poration of America, elected recent -
ly at the stockholders annual meet
ing.
The election followed charges by
Attorney Angelo Scampini, chair
man of the Preferred Stockholders
Protective Association, that the
board of directors was perpetuating
itself in power by proxies. The old
board was accused of having wrong
fully issued $12,000,000 in common
stock.
