# REVOTES IN A.S.S.U. ELECTIONS WILL BE HELD NEXT TUESDAY
## 
### 
Revotes for all class offices and
for the position of Junior Member
of the Ex-Committee will be held
next Tuesday between 8 and 2
o'clock, according to Stewart Stad
ler, chairman of the A.S.S. U elec
tion board.

The following candidates will con
tend for the offices listed: Ex Com
mittee (junior member), William
Doub, Ernest Hatch; Senior Class
President, Walter Craig, Vard Loo
mis; Senior Class Vice-President,
Louise Dohrmann, Bill Werder;
Senior Class Secretary, Lillian
Schuck, Allan Storms.

Junior Class President, Ed Boyles,
Russ Smith; Junior Class Vice-
President, Stan Madden, Helen Os
borne; Junior Class Secretary, Wil
liam Mearns, Don Slocum; Sopho
more Class President, Bill Corbus,
Harry Haehl and William McCor
mick; Sophomore Class Vice-Presi
dent, John Allen, Harold Edelen;
Sophomore Class Secretary, Janet
Lockcy, Betty Watson.

Freshman Class President, John
Alden, Bill Stark; Freshman Class
Vice - President, Alfred Murietta,
Brucc Tarver; Freshman Class Sec
retary, Henry Brill, Jeanne Millard.
Revotes for all class offices and
for the position of Junior Member
of the Ex-Committee will be held
next Tuesday between 8 and 2
o'clock, according to Stewart Stad
ler, chairman of the A.S.S. U elec
tion board.

The following candidates will con
tend for the offices listed: Ex Com
mittee (junior member), William
Doub, Ernest Hatch; Senior Class
President, Walter Craig, Vard Loo
mis; Senior Class Vice-President,
Louise Dohrmann, Bill Werder;
Senior Class Secretary, Lillian
Schuck, Allan Storms.

Junior Class President, Ed Boyles,
Russ Smith; Junior Class Vice-
President, Stan Madden, Helen Os
borne; Junior Class Secretary, Wil
liam Mearns, Don Slocum; Sopho
more Class President, Bill Corbus,
Harry Haehl and William McCor
mick; Sophomore Class Vice-Presi
dent, John Allen, Harold Edelen;
Sophomore Class Secretary, Janet
Lockcy, Betty Watson.

Freshman Class President, John
Alden, Bill Stark; Freshman Class
Vice - President, Alfred Murietta,
Brucc Tarver; Freshman Class Sec
retary, Henry Brill, Jeanne Millard.
Revotes for all class offices and
for the position of Junior Member
of the Ex-Committee will be held
next Tuesday between 8 and 2
o'clock, according to Stewart Stad
ler, chairman of the A.S.S. U elec
tion board.

The following candidates will con
tend for the offices listed: Ex Com
mittee (junior member), William
Doub, Ernest Hatch; Senior Class
President, Walter Craig, Vard Loo
mis; Senior Class Vice-President,
Louise Dohrmann, Bill Werder;
Senior Class Secretary, Lillian
Schuck, Allan Storms.

Junior Class President, Ed Boyles,
Russ Smith; Junior Class Vice-
President, Stan Madden, Helen Os
borne; Junior Class Secretary, Wil
liam Mearns, Don Slocum; Sopho
more Class President, Bill Corbus,
Harry Haehl and William McCor
mick; Sophomore Class Vice-Presi
dent, John Allen, Harold Edelen;
Sophomore Class Secretary, Janet
Lockcy, Betty Watson.

Freshman Class President, John
Alden, Bill Stark; Freshman Class
Vice - President, Alfred Murietta,
Brucc Tarver; Freshman Class Sec
retary, Henry Brill, Jeanne Millard.
Revotes for all class offices and
for the position of Junior Member
of the Ex-Committee will be held
next Tuesday between 8 and 2
o'clock, according to Stewart Stad
ler, chairman of the A.S.S. U elec
tion board.

The following candidates will con
tend for the offices listed: Ex Com
mittee (junior member), William
Doub, Ernest Hatch; Senior Class
President, Walter Craig, Vard Loo
mis; Senior Class Vice-President,
Louise Dohrmann, Bill Werder;
Senior Class Secretary, Lillian
Schuck, Allan Storms.

Junior Class President, Ed Boyles,
Russ Smith; Junior Class Vice-
President, Stan Madden, Helen Os
borne; Junior Class Secretary, Wil
liam Mearns, Don Slocum; Sopho
more Class President, Bill Corbus,
Harry Haehl and William McCor
mick; Sophomore Class Vice-Presi
dent, John Allen, Harold Edelen;
Sophomore Class Secretary, Janet
Lockcy, Betty Watson.

Freshman Class President, John
Alden, Bill Stark; Freshman Class
Vice - President, Alfred Murietta,
Brucc Tarver; Freshman Class Sec
retary, Henry Brill, Jeanne Millard.
Revotes for all class offices and
for the position of Junior Member
of the Ex-Committee will be held
next Tuesday between 8 and 2
o'clock, according to Stewart Stad
ler, chairman of the A.S.S. U elec
tion board.

The following candidates will con
tend for the offices listed: Ex Com
mittee (junior member), William
Doub, Ernest Hatch; Senior Class
President, Walter Craig, Vard Loo
mis; Senior Class Vice-President,
Louise Dohrmann, Bill Werder;
Senior Class Secretary, Lillian
Schuck, Allan Storms.

Junior Class President, Ed Boyles,
Russ Smith; Junior Class Vice-
President, Stan Madden, Helen Os
borne; Junior Class Secretary, Wil
liam Mearns, Don Slocum; Sopho
more Class President, Bill Corbus,
Harry Haehl and William McCor
mick; Sophomore Class Vice-Presi
dent, John Allen, Harold Edelen;
Sophomore Class Secretary, Janet
Lockcy, Betty Watson.

Freshman Class President, John
Alden, Bill Stark; Freshman Class
Vice - President, Alfred Murietta,
Brucc Tarver; Freshman Class Sec
retary, Henry Brill, Jeanne Millard.
Revotes for all class offices and
for the position of Junior Member
of the Ex-Committee will be held
next Tuesday between 8 and 2
o'clock, according to Stewart Stad
ler, chairman of the A.S.S. U elec
tion board.

The following candidates will con
tend for the offices listed: Ex Com
mittee (junior member), William
Doub, Ernest Hatch; Senior Class
President, Walter Craig, Vard Loo
mis; Senior Class Vice-President,
Louise Dohrmann, Bill Werder;
Senior Class Secretary, Lillian
Schuck, Allan Storms.

Junior Class President, Ed Boyles,
Russ Smith; Junior Class Vice-
President, Stan Madden, Helen Os
borne; Junior Class Secretary, Wil
liam Mearns, Don Slocum; Sopho
more Class President, Bill Corbus,
Harry Haehl and William McCor
mick; Sophomore Class Vice-Presi
dent, John Allen, Harold Edelen;
Sophomore Class Secretary, Janet
Lockcy, Betty Watson.

Freshman Class President, John
Alden, Bill Stark; Freshman Class
Vice - President, Alfred Murietta,
Brucc Tarver; Freshman Class Sec
retary, Henry Brill, Jeanne Millard.
Revotes for all class offices and
for the position of Junior Member
of the Ex-Committee will be held
next Tuesday between 8 and 2
o'clock, according to Stewart Stad
ler, chairman of the A.S.S. U elec
tion board.

The following candidates will con
tend for the offices listed: Ex Com
mittee (junior member), William
Doub, Ernest Hatch; Senior Class
President, Walter Craig, Vard Loo
mis; Senior Class Vice-President,
Louise Dohrmann, Bill Werder;
Senior Class Secretary, Lillian
Schuck, Allan Storms.

Junior Class President, Ed Boyles,
Russ Smith; Junior Class Vice-
President, Stan Madden, Helen Os
borne; Junior Class Secretary, Wil
liam Mearns, Don Slocum; Sopho
more Class President, Bill Corbus,
Harry Haehl and William McCor
mick; Sophomore Class Vice-Presi
dent, John Allen, Harold Edelen;
Sophomore Class Secretary, Janet
Lockcy, Betty Watson.

Freshman Class President, John
Alden, Bill Stark; Freshman Class
Vice - President, Alfred Murietta,
Brucc Tarver; Freshman Class Sec
retary, Henry Brill, Jeanne Millard.
Revotes for all class offices and
for the position of Junior Member
of the Ex-Committee will be held
next Tuesday between 8 and 2
o'clock, according to Stewart Stad
ler, chairman of the A.S.S. U elec
tion board.

The following candidates will con
tend for the offices listed: Ex Com
mittee (junior member), William
Doub, Ernest Hatch; Senior Class
President, Walter Craig, Vard Loo
mis; Senior Class Vice-President,
Louise Dohrmann, Bill Werder;
Senior Class Secretary, Lillian
Schuck, Allan Storms.

Junior Class President, Ed Boyles,
Russ Smith; Junior Class Vice-
President, Stan Madden, Helen Os
borne; Junior Class Secretary, Wil
liam Mearns, Don Slocum; Sopho
more Class President, Bill Corbus,
Harry Haehl and William McCor
mick; Sophomore Class Vice-Presi
dent, John Allen, Harold Edelen;
Sophomore Class Secretary, Janet
Lockcy, Betty Watson.

Freshman Class President, John
Alden, Bill Stark; Freshman Class
Vice - President, Alfred Murietta,
Brucc Tarver; Freshman Class Sec
retary, Henry Brill, Jeanne Millard.
Revotes for all class offices and
for the position of Junior Member
of the Ex-Committee will be held
next Tuesday between 8 and 2
o'clock, according to Stewart Stad
ler, chairman of the A.S.S. U elec
tion board.

The following candidates will con
tend for the offices listed: Ex Com
mittee (junior member), William
Doub, Ernest Hatch; Senior Class
President, Walter Craig, Vard Loo
mis; Senior Class Vice-President,
Louise Dohrmann, Bill Werder;
Senior Class Secretary, Lillian
Schuck, Allan Storms.

Junior Class President, Ed Boyles,
Russ Smith; Junior Class Vice-
President, Stan Madden, Helen Os
borne; Junior Class Secretary, Wil
liam Mearns, Don Slocum; Sopho
more Class President, Bill Corbus,
Harry Haehl and William McCor
mick; Sophomore Class Vice-Presi
dent, John Allen, Harold Edelen;
Sophomore Class Secretary, Janet
Lockcy, Betty Watson.

Freshman Class President, John
Alden, Bill Stark; Freshman Class
Vice - President, Alfred Murietta,
Brucc Tarver; Freshman Class Sec
retary, Henry Brill, Jeanne Millard.
Revotes for all class offices and
for the position of Junior Member
of the Ex-Committee will be held
next Tuesday between 8 and 2
o'clock, according to Stewart Stad
ler, chairman of the A.S.S. U elec
tion board.

The following candidates will con
tend for the offices listed: Ex Com
mittee (junior member), William
Doub, Ernest Hatch; Senior Class
President, Walter Craig, Vard Loo
mis; Senior Class Vice-President,
Louise Dohrmann, Bill Werder;
Senior Class Secretary, Lillian
Schuck, Allan Storms.

Junior Class President, Ed Boyles,
Russ Smith; Junior Class Vice-
President, Stan Madden, Helen Os
borne; Junior Class Secretary, Wil
liam Mearns, Don Slocum; Sopho
more Class President, Bill Corbus,
Harry Haehl and William McCor
mick; Sophomore Class Vice-Presi
dent, John Allen, Harold Edelen;
Sophomore Class Secretary, Janet
Lockcy, Betty Watson.

Freshman Class President, John
Alden, Bill Stark; Freshman Class
Vice - President, Alfred Murietta,
Brucc Tarver; Freshman Class Sec
retary, Henry Brill, Jeanne Millard.
Revotes for all class offices and
for the position of Junior Member
of the Ex-Committee will be held
next Tuesday between 8 and 2
o'clock, according to Stewart Stad
ler, chairman of the A.S.S. U elec
tion board.

The following candidates will con
tend for the offices listed: Ex Com
mittee (junior member), William
Doub, Ernest Hatch; Senior Class
President, Walter Craig, Vard Loo
mis; Senior Class Vice-President,
Louise Dohrmann, Bill Werder;
Senior Class Secretary, Lillian
Schuck, Allan Storms.

Junior Class President, Ed Boyles,
Russ Smith; Junior Class Vice-
President, Stan Madden, Helen Os
borne; Junior Class Secretary, Wil
liam Mearns, Don Slocum; Sopho
more Class President, Bill Corbus,
Harry Haehl and William McCor
mick; Sophomore Class Vice-Presi
dent, John Allen, Harold Edelen;
Sophomore Class Secretary, Janet
Lockcy, Betty Watson.

Freshman Class President, John
Alden, Bill Stark; Freshman Class
Vice - President, Alfred Murietta,
Brucc Tarver; Freshman Class Sec
retary, Henry Brill, Jeanne Millard.
Revotes for all class offices and
for the position of Junior Member
of the Ex-Committee will be held
next Tuesday between 8 and 2
o'clock, according to Stewart Stad
ler, chairman of the A.S.S. U elec
tion board.

The following candidates will con
tend for the offices listed: Ex Com
mittee (junior member), William
Doub, Ernest Hatch; Senior Class
President, Walter Craig, Vard Loo
mis; Senior Class Vice-President,
Louise Dohrmann, Bill Werder;
Senior Class Secretary, Lillian
Schuck, Allan Storms.

Junior Class President, Ed Boyles,
Russ Smith; Junior Class Vice-
President, Stan Madden, Helen Os
borne; Junior Class Secretary, Wil
liam Mearns, Don Slocum; Sopho
more Class President, Bill Corbus,
Harry Haehl and William McCor
mick; Sophomore Class Vice-Presi
dent, John Allen, Harold Edelen;
Sophomore Class Secretary, Janet
Lockcy, Betty Watson.

Freshman Class President, John
Alden, Bill Stark; Freshman Class
Vice - President, Alfred Murietta,
Brucc Tarver; Freshman Class Sec
retary, Henry Brill, Jeanne Millard.
Revotes for all class offices and
for the position of Junior Member
of the Ex-Committee will be held
next Tuesday between 8 and 2
o'clock, according to Stewart Stad
ler, chairman of the A.S.S. U elec
tion board.

The following candidates will con
tend for the offices listed: Ex Com
mittee (junior member), William
Doub, Ernest Hatch; Senior Class
President, Walter Craig, Vard Loo
mis; Senior Class Vice-President,
Louise Dohrmann, Bill Werder;
Senior Class Secretary, Lillian
Schuck, Allan Storms.

Junior Class President, Ed Boyles,
Russ Smith; Junior Class Vice-
President, Stan Madden, Helen Os
borne; Junior Class Secretary, Wil
liam Mearns, Don Slocum; Sopho
more Class President, Bill Corbus,
Harry Haehl and William McCor
mick; Sophomore Class Vice-Presi
dent, John Allen, Harold Edelen;
Sophomore Class Secretary, Janet
Lockcy, Betty Watson.

Freshman Class President, John
Alden, Bill Stark; Freshman Class
Vice - President, Alfred Murietta,
Brucc Tarver; Freshman Class Sec
retary, Henry Brill, Jeanne Millard.
Revotes for all class offices and
for the position of Junior Member
of the Ex-Committee will be held
next Tuesday between 8 and 2
o'clock, according to Stewart Stad
ler, chairman of the A.S.S. U elec
tion board.

The following candidates will con
tend for the offices listed: Ex Com
mittee (junior member), William
Doub, Ernest Hatch; Senior Class
President, Walter Craig, Vard Loo
mis; Senior Class Vice-President,
Louise Dohrmann, Bill Werder;
Senior Class Secretary, Lillian
Schuck, Allan Storms.

Junior Class President, Ed Boyles,
Russ Smith; Junior Class Vice-
President, Stan Madden, Helen Os
borne; Junior Class Secretary, Wil
liam Mearns, Don Slocum; Sopho
more Class President, Bill Corbus,
Harry Haehl and William McCor
mick; Sophomore Class Vice-Presi
dent, John Allen, Harold Edelen;
Sophomore Class Secretary, Janet
Lockcy, Betty Watson.

Freshman Class President, John
Alden, Bill Stark; Freshman Class
Vice - President, Alfred Murietta,
Brucc Tarver; Freshman Class Sec
retary, Henry Brill, Jeanne Millard.
Revotes for all class offices and
for the position of Junior Member
of the Ex-Committee will be held
next Tuesday between 8 and 2
o'clock, according to Stewart Stad
ler, chairman of the A.S.S. U elec
tion board.

The following candidates will con
tend for the offices listed: Ex Com
mittee (junior member), William
Doub, Ernest Hatch; Senior Class
President, Walter Craig, Vard Loo
mis; Senior Class Vice-President,
Louise Dohrmann, Bill Werder;
Senior Class Secretary, Lillian
Schuck, Allan Storms.

Junior Class President, Ed Boyles,
Russ Smith; Junior Class Vice-
President, Stan Madden, Helen Os
borne; Junior Class Secretary, Wil
liam Mearns, Don Slocum; Sopho
more Class President, Bill Corbus,
Harry Haehl and William McCor
mick; Sophomore Class Vice-Presi
dent, John Allen, Harold Edelen;
Sophomore Class Secretary, Janet
Lockcy, Betty Watson.

Freshman Class President, John
Alden, Bill Stark; Freshman Class
Vice - President, Alfred Murietta,
Brucc Tarver; Freshman Class Sec
retary, Henry Brill, Jeanne Millard.
