# RAIN CAUSE OF SLOW PROGRESS IN TENNIS
## 
### 
Progress in intramural tennis has
been slow on account of the rather
frequent rain, and as yet only three
teams have advanced to the second
round.
These arc Delta Chi, Delta Upsi
lon, and Delta Tau Delta. The first,
represented by Gibbs and Swift,
gained their position by defeating
Phi Sigma Kappa 2-1. Playing for
Delta Upsilon, Ward and Haehl won
over the Japanese Club by the same
score of 2-1, and again, by the same
score, Delta Tau Delta downed the
Southerners I.
Progress in intramural tennis has
been slow on account of the rather
frequent rain, and as yet only three
teams have advanced to the second
round.
These arc Delta Chi, Delta Upsi
lon, and Delta Tau Delta. The first,
represented by Gibbs and Swift,
gained their position by defeating
Phi Sigma Kappa 2-1. Playing for
Delta Upsilon, Ward and Haehl won
over the Japanese Club by the same
score of 2-1, and again, by the same
score, Delta Tau Delta downed the
Southerners I.
Progress in intramural tennis has
been slow on account of the rather
frequent rain, and as yet only three
teams have advanced to the second
round.
These arc Delta Chi, Delta Upsi
lon, and Delta Tau Delta. The first,
represented by Gibbs and Swift,
gained their position by defeating
Phi Sigma Kappa 2-1. Playing for
Delta Upsilon, Ward and Haehl won
over the Japanese Club by the same
score of 2-1, and again, by the same
score, Delta Tau Delta downed the
Southerners I.
Progress in intramural tennis has
been slow on account of the rather
frequent rain, and as yet only three
teams have advanced to the second
round.
These arc Delta Chi, Delta Upsi
lon, and Delta Tau Delta. The first,
represented by Gibbs and Swift,
gained their position by defeating
Phi Sigma Kappa 2-1. Playing for
Delta Upsilon, Ward and Haehl won
over the Japanese Club by the same
score of 2-1, and again, by the same
score, Delta Tau Delta downed the
Southerners I.
Progress in intramural tennis has
been slow on account of the rather
frequent rain, and as yet only three
teams have advanced to the second
round.
These arc Delta Chi, Delta Upsi
lon, and Delta Tau Delta. The first,
represented by Gibbs and Swift,
gained their position by defeating
Phi Sigma Kappa 2-1. Playing for
Delta Upsilon, Ward and Haehl won
over the Japanese Club by the same
score of 2-1, and again, by the same
score, Delta Tau Delta downed the
Southerners I.
Progress in intramural tennis has
been slow on account of the rather
frequent rain, and as yet only three
teams have advanced to the second
round.
These arc Delta Chi, Delta Upsi
lon, and Delta Tau Delta. The first,
represented by Gibbs and Swift,
gained their position by defeating
Phi Sigma Kappa 2-1. Playing for
Delta Upsilon, Ward and Haehl won
over the Japanese Club by the same
score of 2-1, and again, by the same
score, Delta Tau Delta downed the
Southerners I.
Progress in intramural tennis has
been slow on account of the rather
frequent rain, and as yet only three
teams have advanced to the second
round.
These arc Delta Chi, Delta Upsi
lon, and Delta Tau Delta. The first,
represented by Gibbs and Swift,
gained their position by defeating
Phi Sigma Kappa 2-1. Playing for
Delta Upsilon, Ward and Haehl won
over the Japanese Club by the same
score of 2-1, and again, by the same
score, Delta Tau Delta downed the
Southerners I.
Progress in intramural tennis has
been slow on account of the rather
frequent rain, and as yet only three
teams have advanced to the second
round.
These arc Delta Chi, Delta Upsi
lon, and Delta Tau Delta. The first,
represented by Gibbs and Swift,
gained their position by defeating
Phi Sigma Kappa 2-1. Playing for
Delta Upsilon, Ward and Haehl won
over the Japanese Club by the same
score of 2-1, and again, by the same
score, Delta Tau Delta downed the
Southerners I.
Progress in intramural tennis has
been slow on account of the rather
frequent rain, and as yet only three
teams have advanced to the second
round.
These arc Delta Chi, Delta Upsi
lon, and Delta Tau Delta. The first,
represented by Gibbs and Swift,
gained their position by defeating
Phi Sigma Kappa 2-1. Playing for
Delta Upsilon, Ward and Haehl won
over the Japanese Club by the same
score of 2-1, and again, by the same
score, Delta Tau Delta downed the
Southerners I.
Progress in intramural tennis has
been slow on account of the rather
frequent rain, and as yet only three
teams have advanced to the second
round.
These arc Delta Chi, Delta Upsi
lon, and Delta Tau Delta. The first,
represented by Gibbs and Swift,
gained their position by defeating
Phi Sigma Kappa 2-1. Playing for
Delta Upsilon, Ward and Haehl won
over the Japanese Club by the same
score of 2-1, and again, by the same
score, Delta Tau Delta downed the
Southerners I.
Progress in intramural tennis has
been slow on account of the rather
frequent rain, and as yet only three
teams have advanced to the second
round.
These arc Delta Chi, Delta Upsi
lon, and Delta Tau Delta. The first,
represented by Gibbs and Swift,
gained their position by defeating
Phi Sigma Kappa 2-1. Playing for
Delta Upsilon, Ward and Haehl won
over the Japanese Club by the same
score of 2-1, and again, by the same
score, Delta Tau Delta downed the
Southerners I.
Progress in intramural tennis has
been slow on account of the rather
frequent rain, and as yet only three
teams have advanced to the second
round.
These arc Delta Chi, Delta Upsi
lon, and Delta Tau Delta. The first,
represented by Gibbs and Swift,
gained their position by defeating
Phi Sigma Kappa 2-1. Playing for
Delta Upsilon, Ward and Haehl won
over the Japanese Club by the same
score of 2-1, and again, by the same
score, Delta Tau Delta downed the
Southerners I.
Progress in intramural tennis has
been slow on account of the rather
frequent rain, and as yet only three
teams have advanced to the second
round.
These arc Delta Chi, Delta Upsi
lon, and Delta Tau Delta. The first,
represented by Gibbs and Swift,
gained their position by defeating
Phi Sigma Kappa 2-1. Playing for
Delta Upsilon, Ward and Haehl won
over the Japanese Club by the same
score of 2-1, and again, by the same
score, Delta Tau Delta downed the
Southerners I.
Progress in intramural tennis has
been slow on account of the rather
frequent rain, and as yet only three
teams have advanced to the second
round.
These arc Delta Chi, Delta Upsi
lon, and Delta Tau Delta. The first,
represented by Gibbs and Swift,
gained their position by defeating
Phi Sigma Kappa 2-1. Playing for
Delta Upsilon, Ward and Haehl won
over the Japanese Club by the same
score of 2-1, and again, by the same
score, Delta Tau Delta downed the
Southerners I.
Progress in intramural tennis has
been slow on account of the rather
frequent rain, and as yet only three
teams have advanced to the second
round.
These arc Delta Chi, Delta Upsi
lon, and Delta Tau Delta. The first,
represented by Gibbs and Swift,
gained their position by defeating
Phi Sigma Kappa 2-1. Playing for
Delta Upsilon, Ward and Haehl won
over the Japanese Club by the same
score of 2-1, and again, by the same
score, Delta Tau Delta downed the
Southerners I.
