# Barry Accents Pass Attack in S.C. Drill
## 
### 
—Major Lemuel B. Schofield, chief
of the U.S. Immigration Bureau,
today said appeals and other court
procedure will take at least a year
before Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director, can be deported.
The first Pulitzer Price for report
! mg was awarded to Herbert Bayard
| Swope in 1917.
—Major Lemuel B. Schofield, chief
of the U.S. Immigration Bureau,
today said appeals and other court
procedure will take at least a year
before Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director, can be deported.
The first Pulitzer Price for report
! mg was awarded to Herbert Bayard
| Swope in 1917.
—Major Lemuel B. Schofield, chief
of the U.S. Immigration Bureau,
today said appeals and other court
procedure will take at least a year
before Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director, can be deported.
The first Pulitzer Price for report
! mg was awarded to Herbert Bayard
| Swope in 1917.
—Major Lemuel B. Schofield, chief
of the U.S. Immigration Bureau,
today said appeals and other court
procedure will take at least a year
before Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director, can be deported.
The first Pulitzer Price for report
! mg was awarded to Herbert Bayard
| Swope in 1917.
—Major Lemuel B. Schofield, chief
of the U.S. Immigration Bureau,
today said appeals and other court
procedure will take at least a year
before Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director, can be deported.
The first Pulitzer Price for report
! mg was awarded to Herbert Bayard
| Swope in 1917.
—Major Lemuel B. Schofield, chief
of the U.S. Immigration Bureau,
today said appeals and other court
procedure will take at least a year
before Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director, can be deported.
The first Pulitzer Price for report
! mg was awarded to Herbert Bayard
| Swope in 1917.
—Major Lemuel B. Schofield, chief
of the U.S. Immigration Bureau,
today said appeals and other court
procedure will take at least a year
before Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director, can be deported.
The first Pulitzer Price for report
! mg was awarded to Herbert Bayard
| Swope in 1917.
—Major Lemuel B. Schofield, chief
of the U.S. Immigration Bureau,
today said appeals and other court
procedure will take at least a year
before Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director, can be deported.
The first Pulitzer Price for report
! mg was awarded to Herbert Bayard
| Swope in 1917.
—Major Lemuel B. Schofield, chief
of the U.S. Immigration Bureau,
today said appeals and other court
procedure will take at least a year
before Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director, can be deported.
The first Pulitzer Price for report
! mg was awarded to Herbert Bayard
| Swope in 1917.
—Major Lemuel B. Schofield, chief
of the U.S. Immigration Bureau,
today said appeals and other court
procedure will take at least a year
before Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director, can be deported.
The first Pulitzer Price for report
! mg was awarded to Herbert Bayard
| Swope in 1917.
—Major Lemuel B. Schofield, chief
of the U.S. Immigration Bureau,
today said appeals and other court
procedure will take at least a year
before Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director, can be deported.
The first Pulitzer Price for report
! mg was awarded to Herbert Bayard
| Swope in 1917.
—Major Lemuel B. Schofield, chief
of the U.S. Immigration Bureau,
today said appeals and other court
procedure will take at least a year
before Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director, can be deported.
The first Pulitzer Price for report
! mg was awarded to Herbert Bayard
| Swope in 1917.
—Major Lemuel B. Schofield, chief
of the U.S. Immigration Bureau,
today said appeals and other court
procedure will take at least a year
before Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director, can be deported.
The first Pulitzer Price for report
! mg was awarded to Herbert Bayard
| Swope in 1917.
—Major Lemuel B. Schofield, chief
of the U.S. Immigration Bureau,
today said appeals and other court
procedure will take at least a year
before Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director, can be deported.
The first Pulitzer Price for report
! mg was awarded to Herbert Bayard
| Swope in 1917.
—Major Lemuel B. Schofield, chief
of the U.S. Immigration Bureau,
today said appeals and other court
procedure will take at least a year
before Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director, can be deported.
The first Pulitzer Price for report
! mg was awarded to Herbert Bayard
| Swope in 1917.
—Major Lemuel B. Schofield, chief
of the U.S. Immigration Bureau,
today said appeals and other court
procedure will take at least a year
before Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director, can be deported.
The first Pulitzer Price for report
! mg was awarded to Herbert Bayard
| Swope in 1917.
—Major Lemuel B. Schofield, chief
of the U.S. Immigration Bureau,
today said appeals and other court
procedure will take at least a year
before Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director, can be deported.
The first Pulitzer Price for report
! mg was awarded to Herbert Bayard
| Swope in 1917.
—Major Lemuel B. Schofield, chief
of the U.S. Immigration Bureau,
today said appeals and other court
procedure will take at least a year
before Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director, can be deported.
The first Pulitzer Price for report
! mg was awarded to Herbert Bayard
| Swope in 1917.
