# Nazis Grab New Ukraine Objective
## Poltava Falls Before German Panzers As Reds Counter-Attack 
### 
MOSCOW, Wed., Oct. 1 (UP).â€”
The Red Army announced today that
it had given up Poltava in the
Ukraine to German panzer divisions
who thereby hurdled a strategic
barrier on the way to Kharkov, key
industiral center of the Donetz
basin which lies 70 miles northeast
ward.
Elsewhere on the eastern front fu
rious Soviet counter-attacks appear
ed early Wednesday to have stopped
the Germans dead in their tracks.
The defendei's of besieged Lenin
grad were claimed to be inflicting
losses up to 75 per cent on the en
emy ringing the city, carrying the
fighting to the Germans in a con
stant series of counter-attacks.
Wholesale executions of Czech
leaders in Prague were admitted by
German authorities charging a plot
to sever the Bohemia-Moravia pro
tectorate from the Reich.
