# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Freshman of today is
the Senior of tomorrow. —
Hugh Mclver Porter.
The Freshman of today is
the Senior of tomorrow. —
Hugh Mclver Porter.
The Freshman of today is
the Senior of tomorrow. —
Hugh Mclver Porter.
The Freshman of today is
the Senior of tomorrow. —
Hugh Mclver Porter.
The Freshman of today is
the Senior of tomorrow. —
Hugh Mclver Porter.
The Freshman of today is
the Senior of tomorrow. —
Hugh Mclver Porter.
The Freshman of today is
the Senior of tomorrow. —
Hugh Mclver Porter.
The Freshman of today is
the Senior of tomorrow. —
Hugh Mclver Porter.
The Freshman of today is
the Senior of tomorrow. —
Hugh Mclver Porter.
The Freshman of today is
the Senior of tomorrow. —
Hugh Mclver Porter.
The Freshman of today is
the Senior of tomorrow. —
Hugh Mclver Porter.
The Freshman of today is
the Senior of tomorrow. —
Hugh Mclver Porter.
The Freshman of today is
the Senior of tomorrow. —
Hugh Mclver Porter.
