# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Program of Tomorrow's F vents.
10:00 a. m. Irish Marathon.
1:00 p. m. Interscholastic High
school track meet.
H:00 p. m. Baseball, California
vs Stanford.
Program of Tomorrow's F vents.
10:00 a. m. Irish Marathon.
1:00 p. m. Interscholastic High
school track meet.
H:00 p. m. Baseball, California
vs Stanford.
Program of Tomorrow's F vents.
10:00 a. m. Irish Marathon.
1:00 p. m. Interscholastic High
school track meet.
H:00 p. m. Baseball, California
vs Stanford.
Program of Tomorrow's F vents.
10:00 a. m. Irish Marathon.
1:00 p. m. Interscholastic High
school track meet.
H:00 p. m. Baseball, California
vs Stanford.
Program of Tomorrow's F vents.
10:00 a. m. Irish Marathon.
1:00 p. m. Interscholastic High
school track meet.
H:00 p. m. Baseball, California
vs Stanford.
Program of Tomorrow's F vents.
10:00 a. m. Irish Marathon.
1:00 p. m. Interscholastic High
school track meet.
H:00 p. m. Baseball, California
vs Stanford.
Program of Tomorrow's F vents.
10:00 a. m. Irish Marathon.
1:00 p. m. Interscholastic High
school track meet.
H:00 p. m. Baseball, California
vs Stanford.
Program of Tomorrow's F vents.
10:00 a. m. Irish Marathon.
1:00 p. m. Interscholastic High
school track meet.
H:00 p. m. Baseball, California
vs Stanford.
Program of Tomorrow's F vents.
10:00 a. m. Irish Marathon.
1:00 p. m. Interscholastic High
school track meet.
H:00 p. m. Baseball, California
vs Stanford.
Program of Tomorrow's F vents.
10:00 a. m. Irish Marathon.
1:00 p. m. Interscholastic High
school track meet.
H:00 p. m. Baseball, California
vs Stanford.
Program of Tomorrow's F vents.
10:00 a. m. Irish Marathon.
1:00 p. m. Interscholastic High
school track meet.
H:00 p. m. Baseball, California
vs Stanford.
Program of Tomorrow's F vents.
10:00 a. m. Irish Marathon.
1:00 p. m. Interscholastic High
school track meet.
H:00 p. m. Baseball, California
vs Stanford.
Program of Tomorrow's F vents.
10:00 a. m. Irish Marathon.
1:00 p. m. Interscholastic High
school track meet.
H:00 p. m. Baseball, California
vs Stanford.
