# 1917 QUAD STAFF IS TENTATIVELY NAMED BY EDITOR IN CHIEF
## W.W. Gores is Chosen Art Editorâ€”Other Members Await Definite Assignments. 
### 
Editor-elect R. A. Griffin announces
the tentative appointment, subject to
change, of twelve prominent members
of the Sophomore class to positions
on the 1917 Quad staff. The relative
positions of the various appointees,
with the exception of W. W. J. Gores,
Art-editor, have not yet been deter
mined but will be assigned in person
within the next few days.
Following are the appointments an
nounced to date:
C. J. Single, R. M, Melvin, F. C. Mc-
Culloch, L. W. McDermott, W. W. J
Gores, .T. M. Wallace, R. A. Donald-'
son, J. C. Cross., 11. S. Marschultz, F.
J. Leard, Anita Allen and Nellita
Choate.
Manager-elect IT. L. Hews announ
ces the appointments to the Quad
business-staff of H. D. Weber and L.
P. Frank.
A governing board appointed by
President McCulloch consists of the
following:
G. K. Scovel, chairman, H. R. Fish
er. A. H. McEuen, T. E. Swigart. and
W. F. Sisson.
Editor-elect R. A. Griffin announces
the tentative appointment, subject to
change, of twelve prominent members
of the Sophomore class to positions
on the 1917 Quad staff. The relative
positions of the various appointees,
with the exception of W. W. J. Gores,
Art-editor, have not yet been deter
mined but will be assigned in person
within the next few days.
Following are the appointments an
nounced to date:
C. J. Single, R. M, Melvin, F. C. Mc-
Culloch, L. W. McDermott, W. W. J
Gores, .T. M. Wallace, R. A. Donald-'
son, J. C. Cross., 11. S. Marschultz, F.
J. Leard, Anita Allen and Nellita
Choate.
Manager-elect IT. L. Hews announ
ces the appointments to the Quad
business-staff of H. D. Weber and L.
P. Frank.
A governing board appointed by
President McCulloch consists of the
following:
G. K. Scovel, chairman, H. R. Fish
er. A. H. McEuen, T. E. Swigart. and
W. F. Sisson.
Editor-elect R. A. Griffin announces
the tentative appointment, subject to
change, of twelve prominent members
of the Sophomore class to positions
on the 1917 Quad staff. The relative
positions of the various appointees,
with the exception of W. W. J. Gores,
Art-editor, have not yet been deter
mined but will be assigned in person
within the next few days.
Following are the appointments an
nounced to date:
C. J. Single, R. M, Melvin, F. C. Mc-
Culloch, L. W. McDermott, W. W. J
Gores, .T. M. Wallace, R. A. Donald-'
son, J. C. Cross., 11. S. Marschultz, F.
J. Leard, Anita Allen and Nellita
Choate.
Manager-elect IT. L. Hews announ
ces the appointments to the Quad
business-staff of H. D. Weber and L.
P. Frank.
A governing board appointed by
President McCulloch consists of the
following:
G. K. Scovel, chairman, H. R. Fish
er. A. H. McEuen, T. E. Swigart. and
W. F. Sisson.
Editor-elect R. A. Griffin announces
the tentative appointment, subject to
change, of twelve prominent members
of the Sophomore class to positions
on the 1917 Quad staff. The relative
positions of the various appointees,
with the exception of W. W. J. Gores,
Art-editor, have not yet been deter
mined but will be assigned in person
within the next few days.
Following are the appointments an
nounced to date:
C. J. Single, R. M, Melvin, F. C. Mc-
Culloch, L. W. McDermott, W. W. J
Gores, .T. M. Wallace, R. A. Donald-'
son, J. C. Cross., 11. S. Marschultz, F.
J. Leard, Anita Allen and Nellita
Choate.
Manager-elect IT. L. Hews announ
ces the appointments to the Quad
business-staff of H. D. Weber and L.
P. Frank.
A governing board appointed by
President McCulloch consists of the
following:
G. K. Scovel, chairman, H. R. Fish
er. A. H. McEuen, T. E. Swigart. and
W. F. Sisson.
Editor-elect R. A. Griffin announces
the tentative appointment, subject to
change, of twelve prominent members
of the Sophomore class to positions
on the 1917 Quad staff. The relative
positions of the various appointees,
with the exception of W. W. J. Gores,
Art-editor, have not yet been deter
mined but will be assigned in person
within the next few days.
Following are the appointments an
nounced to date:
C. J. Single, R. M, Melvin, F. C. Mc-
Culloch, L. W. McDermott, W. W. J
Gores, .T. M. Wallace, R. A. Donald-'
son, J. C. Cross., 11. S. Marschultz, F.
J. Leard, Anita Allen and Nellita
Choate.
Manager-elect IT. L. Hews announ
ces the appointments to the Quad
business-staff of H. D. Weber and L.
P. Frank.
A governing board appointed by
President McCulloch consists of the
following:
G. K. Scovel, chairman, H. R. Fish
er. A. H. McEuen, T. E. Swigart. and
W. F. Sisson.
Editor-elect R. A. Griffin announces
the tentative appointment, subject to
change, of twelve prominent members
of the Sophomore class to positions
on the 1917 Quad staff. The relative
positions of the various appointees,
with the exception of W. W. J. Gores,
Art-editor, have not yet been deter
mined but will be assigned in person
within the next few days.
Following are the appointments an
nounced to date:
C. J. Single, R. M, Melvin, F. C. Mc-
Culloch, L. W. McDermott, W. W. J
Gores, .T. M. Wallace, R. A. Donald-'
son, J. C. Cross., 11. S. Marschultz, F.
J. Leard, Anita Allen and Nellita
Choate.
Manager-elect IT. L. Hews announ
ces the appointments to the Quad
business-staff of H. D. Weber and L.
P. Frank.
A governing board appointed by
President McCulloch consists of the
following:
G. K. Scovel, chairman, H. R. Fish
er. A. H. McEuen, T. E. Swigart. and
W. F. Sisson.
Editor-elect R. A. Griffin announces
the tentative appointment, subject to
change, of twelve prominent members
of the Sophomore class to positions
on the 1917 Quad staff. The relative
positions of the various appointees,
with the exception of W. W. J. Gores,
Art-editor, have not yet been deter
mined but will be assigned in person
within the next few days.
Following are the appointments an
nounced to date:
C. J. Single, R. M, Melvin, F. C. Mc-
Culloch, L. W. McDermott, W. W. J
Gores, .T. M. Wallace, R. A. Donald-'
son, J. C. Cross., 11. S. Marschultz, F.
J. Leard, Anita Allen and Nellita
Choate.
Manager-elect IT. L. Hews announ
ces the appointments to the Quad
business-staff of H. D. Weber and L.
P. Frank.
A governing board appointed by
President McCulloch consists of the
following:
G. K. Scovel, chairman, H. R. Fish
er. A. H. McEuen, T. E. Swigart. and
W. F. Sisson.
Editor-elect R. A. Griffin announces
the tentative appointment, subject to
change, of twelve prominent members
of the Sophomore class to positions
on the 1917 Quad staff. The relative
positions of the various appointees,
with the exception of W. W. J. Gores,
Art-editor, have not yet been deter
mined but will be assigned in person
within the next few days.
Following are the appointments an
nounced to date:
C. J. Single, R. M, Melvin, F. C. Mc-
Culloch, L. W. McDermott, W. W. J
Gores, .T. M. Wallace, R. A. Donald-'
son, J. C. Cross., 11. S. Marschultz, F.
J. Leard, Anita Allen and Nellita
Choate.
Manager-elect IT. L. Hews announ
ces the appointments to the Quad
business-staff of H. D. Weber and L.
P. Frank.
A governing board appointed by
President McCulloch consists of the
following:
G. K. Scovel, chairman, H. R. Fish
er. A. H. McEuen, T. E. Swigart. and
W. F. Sisson.
Editor-elect R. A. Griffin announces
the tentative appointment, subject to
change, of twelve prominent members
of the Sophomore class to positions
on the 1917 Quad staff. The relative
positions of the various appointees,
with the exception of W. W. J. Gores,
Art-editor, have not yet been deter
mined but will be assigned in person
within the next few days.
Following are the appointments an
nounced to date:
C. J. Single, R. M, Melvin, F. C. Mc-
Culloch, L. W. McDermott, W. W. J
Gores, .T. M. Wallace, R. A. Donald-'
son, J. C. Cross., 11. S. Marschultz, F.
J. Leard, Anita Allen and Nellita
Choate.
Manager-elect IT. L. Hews announ
ces the appointments to the Quad
business-staff of H. D. Weber and L.
P. Frank.
A governing board appointed by
President McCulloch consists of the
following:
G. K. Scovel, chairman, H. R. Fish
er. A. H. McEuen, T. E. Swigart. and
W. F. Sisson.
Editor-elect R. A. Griffin announces
the tentative appointment, subject to
change, of twelve prominent members
of the Sophomore class to positions
on the 1917 Quad staff. The relative
positions of the various appointees,
with the exception of W. W. J. Gores,
Art-editor, have not yet been deter
mined but will be assigned in person
within the next few days.
Following are the appointments an
nounced to date:
C. J. Single, R. M, Melvin, F. C. Mc-
Culloch, L. W. McDermott, W. W. J
Gores, .T. M. Wallace, R. A. Donald-'
son, J. C. Cross., 11. S. Marschultz, F.
J. Leard, Anita Allen and Nellita
Choate.
Manager-elect IT. L. Hews announ
ces the appointments to the Quad
business-staff of H. D. Weber and L.
P. Frank.
A governing board appointed by
President McCulloch consists of the
following:
G. K. Scovel, chairman, H. R. Fish
er. A. H. McEuen, T. E. Swigart. and
W. F. Sisson.
Editor-elect R. A. Griffin announces
the tentative appointment, subject to
change, of twelve prominent members
of the Sophomore class to positions
on the 1917 Quad staff. The relative
positions of the various appointees,
with the exception of W. W. J. Gores,
Art-editor, have not yet been deter
mined but will be assigned in person
within the next few days.
Following are the appointments an
nounced to date:
C. J. Single, R. M, Melvin, F. C. Mc-
Culloch, L. W. McDermott, W. W. J
Gores, .T. M. Wallace, R. A. Donald-'
son, J. C. Cross., 11. S. Marschultz, F.
J. Leard, Anita Allen and Nellita
Choate.
Manager-elect IT. L. Hews announ
ces the appointments to the Quad
business-staff of H. D. Weber and L.
P. Frank.
A governing board appointed by
President McCulloch consists of the
following:
G. K. Scovel, chairman, H. R. Fish
er. A. H. McEuen, T. E. Swigart. and
W. F. Sisson.
Editor-elect R. A. Griffin announces
the tentative appointment, subject to
change, of twelve prominent members
of the Sophomore class to positions
on the 1917 Quad staff. The relative
positions of the various appointees,
with the exception of W. W. J. Gores,
Art-editor, have not yet been deter
mined but will be assigned in person
within the next few days.
Following are the appointments an
nounced to date:
C. J. Single, R. M, Melvin, F. C. Mc-
Culloch, L. W. McDermott, W. W. J
Gores, .T. M. Wallace, R. A. Donald-'
son, J. C. Cross., 11. S. Marschultz, F.
J. Leard, Anita Allen and Nellita
Choate.
Manager-elect IT. L. Hews announ
ces the appointments to the Quad
business-staff of H. D. Weber and L.
P. Frank.
A governing board appointed by
President McCulloch consists of the
following:
G. K. Scovel, chairman, H. R. Fish
er. A. H. McEuen, T. E. Swigart. and
W. F. Sisson.
Editor-elect R. A. Griffin announces
the tentative appointment, subject to
change, of twelve prominent members
of the Sophomore class to positions
on the 1917 Quad staff. The relative
positions of the various appointees,
with the exception of W. W. J. Gores,
Art-editor, have not yet been deter
mined but will be assigned in person
within the next few days.
Following are the appointments an
nounced to date:
C. J. Single, R. M, Melvin, F. C. Mc-
Culloch, L. W. McDermott, W. W. J
Gores, .T. M. Wallace, R. A. Donald-'
son, J. C. Cross., 11. S. Marschultz, F.
J. Leard, Anita Allen and Nellita
Choate.
Manager-elect IT. L. Hews announ
ces the appointments to the Quad
business-staff of H. D. Weber and L.
P. Frank.
A governing board appointed by
President McCulloch consists of the
following:
G. K. Scovel, chairman, H. R. Fish
er. A. H. McEuen, T. E. Swigart. and
W. F. Sisson.
