# Announcements.
## 
### 
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 11.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 11.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 11.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 11.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 11.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 11.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 11.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 11.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 11.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 11.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 11.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 11.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 11.
