# TENNIS RECORD HOLDER WILL PLAY SATURDAY.
## Senior Doubles Team Contests With Freshmen Hahn and Hutchinson For Championship. 
### 
R. L. Murray, '13, will meet Carl
Gardner, one of the most famous
champions California has ever pro
duced, on the Encina courts on Fri
day morning in an exhibition match.
The playing promises some of the best
tennis ever seen on the local courts.
On one side of the net the champion
of the University, and one of the
premier collegiate players of the
coast, will face a racket wielder who
has several times come within an ace
of holding the United States champion
ship in doubles. Gardner is tht
champion of the Orient having won
his title in Manila last year. Two
summers ago he played through four
teen tournaments in the East and won
nearly all his matches. The same
season he was ranked by the United
States Lawn Tennis Association as one
of the ten best players in America.
The Interclass doubles tennis cham
pionship of the University will be de
cided this afternoon, when the senior
pair meet the freshmen team. The
latter won a place in the finals by de
feating the sophomores, represented
by NV. N. L. Hutchinson and L. Sloss,
yesterday afternoon, by the score of
6-0, 0-1. The upholders of the baby
class title, H. L. Hahn and .1. H.
Hutchinson, had everything their own
way and won the underclass cham
pionship without exerting themselves.
Hahn and Hutchinson also won the
freshman class doubles by defeating
!v. B. Uhles and O. G. Brun in a hard
fought match on Saturday. The
