# Untitled Article
## 
### 
H.P. Cramer, '10, is city salesman
for the General Electric company at
Portland, Oregon.
H.P. Cramer, '10, is city salesman
for the General Electric company at
Portland, Oregon.
H.P. Cramer, '10, is city salesman
for the General Electric company at
Portland, Oregon.
H.P. Cramer, '10, is city salesman
for the General Electric company at
Portland, Oregon.
H.P. Cramer, '10, is city salesman
for the General Electric company at
Portland, Oregon.
H.P. Cramer, '10, is city salesman
for the General Electric company at
Portland, Oregon.
H.P. Cramer, '10, is city salesman
for the General Electric company at
Portland, Oregon.
H.P. Cramer, '10, is city salesman
for the General Electric company at
Portland, Oregon.
H.P. Cramer, '10, is city salesman
for the General Electric company at
Portland, Oregon.
H.P. Cramer, '10, is city salesman
for the General Electric company at
Portland, Oregon.
H.P. Cramer, '10, is city salesman
for the General Electric company at
Portland, Oregon.
H.P. Cramer, '10, is city salesman
for the General Electric company at
Portland, Oregon.
H.P. Cramer, '10, is city salesman
for the General Electric company at
Portland, Oregon.
