# Special Notices.
## 
### 
$20. Furnished Cottage, 4 rooms,
hath, electric light, coal and gas
stoves. SIT Kipling, near Homer;
half a block from Waverley car.
Lost—Aid rich and Foster French
Grammar, on Quad. Name on first
page. Please call Local 102. F. 0.
Hunter.
$20. Furnished Cottage, 4 rooms,
hath, electric light, coal and gas
stoves. SIT Kipling, near Homer;
half a block from Waverley car.
Lost—Aid rich and Foster French
Grammar, on Quad. Name on first
page. Please call Local 102. F. 0.
Hunter.
$20. Furnished Cottage, 4 rooms,
hath, electric light, coal and gas
stoves. SIT Kipling, near Homer;
half a block from Waverley car.
Lost—Aid rich and Foster French
Grammar, on Quad. Name on first
page. Please call Local 102. F. 0.
Hunter.
$20. Furnished Cottage, 4 rooms,
hath, electric light, coal and gas
stoves. SIT Kipling, near Homer;
half a block from Waverley car.
Lost—Aid rich and Foster French
Grammar, on Quad. Name on first
page. Please call Local 102. F. 0.
Hunter.
$20. Furnished Cottage, 4 rooms,
hath, electric light, coal and gas
stoves. SIT Kipling, near Homer;
half a block from Waverley car.
Lost—Aid rich and Foster French
Grammar, on Quad. Name on first
page. Please call Local 102. F. 0.
Hunter.
$20. Furnished Cottage, 4 rooms,
hath, electric light, coal and gas
stoves. SIT Kipling, near Homer;
half a block from Waverley car.
Lost—Aid rich and Foster French
Grammar, on Quad. Name on first
page. Please call Local 102. F. 0.
Hunter.
$20. Furnished Cottage, 4 rooms,
hath, electric light, coal and gas
stoves. SIT Kipling, near Homer;
half a block from Waverley car.
Lost—Aid rich and Foster French
Grammar, on Quad. Name on first
page. Please call Local 102. F. 0.
Hunter.
$20. Furnished Cottage, 4 rooms,
hath, electric light, coal and gas
stoves. SIT Kipling, near Homer;
half a block from Waverley car.
Lost—Aid rich and Foster French
Grammar, on Quad. Name on first
page. Please call Local 102. F. 0.
Hunter.
$20. Furnished Cottage, 4 rooms,
hath, electric light, coal and gas
stoves. SIT Kipling, near Homer;
half a block from Waverley car.
Lost—Aid rich and Foster French
Grammar, on Quad. Name on first
page. Please call Local 102. F. 0.
Hunter.
$20. Furnished Cottage, 4 rooms,
hath, electric light, coal and gas
stoves. SIT Kipling, near Homer;
half a block from Waverley car.
Lost—Aid rich and Foster French
Grammar, on Quad. Name on first
page. Please call Local 102. F. 0.
Hunter.
$20. Furnished Cottage, 4 rooms,
hath, electric light, coal and gas
stoves. SIT Kipling, near Homer;
half a block from Waverley car.
Lost—Aid rich and Foster French
Grammar, on Quad. Name on first
page. Please call Local 102. F. 0.
Hunter.
$20. Furnished Cottage, 4 rooms,
hath, electric light, coal and gas
stoves. SIT Kipling, near Homer;
half a block from Waverley car.
Lost—Aid rich and Foster French
Grammar, on Quad. Name on first
page. Please call Local 102. F. 0.
Hunter.
$20. Furnished Cottage, 4 rooms,
hath, electric light, coal and gas
stoves. SIT Kipling, near Homer;
half a block from Waverley car.
Lost—Aid rich and Foster French
Grammar, on Quad. Name on first
page. Please call Local 102. F. 0.
Hunter.
