# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The dramatic club, which is at
work on "She stoops to conquer,"
is making good progress. All the
members are doing conscientious
work and are thoroughly in earn
est over making the play a decided
success. The caste is a strong one
and we look for something excep
tionally good in their coining ap
pearance.
The dramatic club, which is at
work on "She stoops to conquer,"
is making good progress. All the
members are doing conscientious
work and are thoroughly in earn
est over making the play a decided
success. The caste is a strong one
and we look for something excep
tionally good in their coining ap
pearance.
The dramatic club, which is at
work on "She stoops to conquer,"
is making good progress. All the
members are doing conscientious
work and are thoroughly in earn
est over making the play a decided
success. The caste is a strong one
and we look for something excep
tionally good in their coining ap
pearance.
The dramatic club, which is at
work on "She stoops to conquer,"
is making good progress. All the
members are doing conscientious
work and are thoroughly in earn
est over making the play a decided
success. The caste is a strong one
and we look for something excep
tionally good in their coining ap
pearance.
The dramatic club, which is at
work on "She stoops to conquer,"
is making good progress. All the
members are doing conscientious
work and are thoroughly in earn
est over making the play a decided
success. The caste is a strong one
and we look for something excep
tionally good in their coining ap
pearance.
