# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Sequoia controversy is now
closed so far as communications
from the opposing sides are con
cerned, We have refrained from
taking any part in the discussion,
because we believe, in the first
place, that defense of the present
management could best be made by
Mr. Hulme himself, and in the
second place, we did not consider
an attitude of antagonism to be a
position proper for us to take.
We believe, however, that it is
extremely unfortunate that the de
fense was not conducted more suc
cessfully. There was room for Mr.
Hulme to make a calm and explicit
statement of the policy of the Se
quoia, and there was need of it; he
neglected to do the one, and denied
the necessity of the other. The
point of his argument is that the
Sequoia should be a literary paper.
Once convinced of that, bis state
ment would have had much more
force and weight had he confined
himself rather to a discussion of
this than to the motives of those
who dared oppose him.
On the other hand, "Philistine"
committed an error no less serious
in going behind the subscription
lists of the Sequoia, and basing his
statement upon facts which Mr.
Hulme was certainly in a better
position to know than he. This
was a fatal weakness, and gave Mr.
Hulme an opportunity to reply in
terms that had no uncertain sound.
"Philistine" had the better argu
ment on several points, but the
controversy came to naught because
of the fundamental difference which
arose at the very beginning, that is,
the question whether or not the Se
quoia should be a literary paper.
Until some agreement is had upon
this point, the discussion might be
continued indefinitely without any
prospect of ever reaching a settle
ment.
So the discussion is over, and the
Sequoia, we suppose, will continue
to come out in its present form as
Mr. Hulme planned it.
