# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Talking Heads
Auditions were held in Cedro Lounge of Wilbur Hail for the Asian Ameri
can Theater Project production of "Talking Stories." The original writ-

I in.l.i Smith
ings, which will be set to music and choreographed, will be performed
Dec. 4 and 5 in Toyon.

Talking Heads
Auditions were held in Cedro Lounge of Wilbur Hail for the Asian Ameri
can Theater Project production of "Talking Stories." The original writ-

I in.l.i Smith
ings, which will be set to music and choreographed, will be performed
Dec. 4 and 5 in Toyon.

Talking Heads
Auditions were held in Cedro Lounge of Wilbur Hail for the Asian Ameri
can Theater Project production of "Talking Stories." The original writ-

I in.l.i Smith
ings, which will be set to music and choreographed, will be performed
Dec. 4 and 5 in Toyon.

Talking Heads
Auditions were held in Cedro Lounge of Wilbur Hail for the Asian Ameri
can Theater Project production of "Talking Stories." The original writ-

I in.l.i Smith
ings, which will be set to music and choreographed, will be performed
Dec. 4 and 5 in Toyon.

Talking Heads
Auditions were held in Cedro Lounge of Wilbur Hail for the Asian Ameri
can Theater Project production of "Talking Stories." The original writ-

I in.l.i Smith
ings, which will be set to music and choreographed, will be performed
Dec. 4 and 5 in Toyon.

Talking Heads
Auditions were held in Cedro Lounge of Wilbur Hail for the Asian Ameri
can Theater Project production of "Talking Stories." The original writ-

I in.l.i Smith
ings, which will be set to music and choreographed, will be performed
Dec. 4 and 5 in Toyon.

Talking Heads
Auditions were held in Cedro Lounge of Wilbur Hail for the Asian Ameri
can Theater Project production of "Talking Stories." The original writ-

I in.l.i Smith
ings, which will be set to music and choreographed, will be performed
Dec. 4 and 5 in Toyon.

Talking Heads
Auditions were held in Cedro Lounge of Wilbur Hail for the Asian Ameri
can Theater Project production of "Talking Stories." The original writ-

I in.l.i Smith
ings, which will be set to music and choreographed, will be performed
Dec. 4 and 5 in Toyon.

Talking Heads
Auditions were held in Cedro Lounge of Wilbur Hail for the Asian Ameri
can Theater Project production of "Talking Stories." The original writ-

I in.l.i Smith
ings, which will be set to music and choreographed, will be performed
Dec. 4 and 5 in Toyon.

Talking Heads
Auditions were held in Cedro Lounge of Wilbur Hail for the Asian Ameri
can Theater Project production of "Talking Stories." The original writ-

I in.l.i Smith
ings, which will be set to music and choreographed, will be performed
Dec. 4 and 5 in Toyon.
