# QUAD BOARD SELECTS EXECUTIVE HEADS OF YEAR BOOK FOR 1927
## 
### 
The executives of the 1927 Quad were
selected at a meeting of the Quad board
June 2, and were annonuced today. The
following were chosen: A. S. Klauber,
editor; R. E. Paradise, manager; R. S.
Rood, assistant editor; K. L. Starling, as
sistant manager; Ruth Jordan, women's!
editor; K. C. Brown, photographic editor.!
The '27 Quad will be published in 1927, j
which differs from the former system.
The executives of the 1927 Quad were
selected at a meeting of the Quad board
June 2, and were annonuced today. The
following were chosen: A. S. Klauber,
editor; R. E. Paradise, manager; R. S.
Rood, assistant editor; K. L. Starling, as
sistant manager; Ruth Jordan, women's!
editor; K. C. Brown, photographic editor.!
The '27 Quad will be published in 1927, j
which differs from the former system.
The executives of the 1927 Quad were
selected at a meeting of the Quad board
June 2, and were annonuced today. The
following were chosen: A. S. Klauber,
editor; R. E. Paradise, manager; R. S.
Rood, assistant editor; K. L. Starling, as
sistant manager; Ruth Jordan, women's!
editor; K. C. Brown, photographic editor.!
The '27 Quad will be published in 1927, j
which differs from the former system.
The executives of the 1927 Quad were
selected at a meeting of the Quad board
June 2, and were annonuced today. The
following were chosen: A. S. Klauber,
editor; R. E. Paradise, manager; R. S.
Rood, assistant editor; K. L. Starling, as
sistant manager; Ruth Jordan, women's!
editor; K. C. Brown, photographic editor.!
The '27 Quad will be published in 1927, j
which differs from the former system.
The executives of the 1927 Quad were
selected at a meeting of the Quad board
June 2, and were annonuced today. The
following were chosen: A. S. Klauber,
editor; R. E. Paradise, manager; R. S.
Rood, assistant editor; K. L. Starling, as
sistant manager; Ruth Jordan, women's!
editor; K. C. Brown, photographic editor.!
The '27 Quad will be published in 1927, j
which differs from the former system.
The executives of the 1927 Quad were
selected at a meeting of the Quad board
June 2, and were annonuced today. The
following were chosen: A. S. Klauber,
editor; R. E. Paradise, manager; R. S.
Rood, assistant editor; K. L. Starling, as
sistant manager; Ruth Jordan, women's!
editor; K. C. Brown, photographic editor.!
The '27 Quad will be published in 1927, j
which differs from the former system.
The executives of the 1927 Quad were
selected at a meeting of the Quad board
June 2, and were annonuced today. The
following were chosen: A. S. Klauber,
editor; R. E. Paradise, manager; R. S.
Rood, assistant editor; K. L. Starling, as
sistant manager; Ruth Jordan, women's!
editor; K. C. Brown, photographic editor.!
The '27 Quad will be published in 1927, j
which differs from the former system.
The executives of the 1927 Quad were
selected at a meeting of the Quad board
June 2, and were annonuced today. The
following were chosen: A. S. Klauber,
editor; R. E. Paradise, manager; R. S.
Rood, assistant editor; K. L. Starling, as
sistant manager; Ruth Jordan, women's!
editor; K. C. Brown, photographic editor.!
The '27 Quad will be published in 1927, j
which differs from the former system.
The executives of the 1927 Quad were
selected at a meeting of the Quad board
June 2, and were annonuced today. The
following were chosen: A. S. Klauber,
editor; R. E. Paradise, manager; R. S.
Rood, assistant editor; K. L. Starling, as
sistant manager; Ruth Jordan, women's!
editor; K. C. Brown, photographic editor.!
The '27 Quad will be published in 1927, j
which differs from the former system.
The executives of the 1927 Quad were
selected at a meeting of the Quad board
June 2, and were annonuced today. The
following were chosen: A. S. Klauber,
editor; R. E. Paradise, manager; R. S.
Rood, assistant editor; K. L. Starling, as
sistant manager; Ruth Jordan, women's!
editor; K. C. Brown, photographic editor.!
The '27 Quad will be published in 1927, j
which differs from the former system.
The executives of the 1927 Quad were
selected at a meeting of the Quad board
June 2, and were annonuced today. The
following were chosen: A. S. Klauber,
editor; R. E. Paradise, manager; R. S.
Rood, assistant editor; K. L. Starling, as
sistant manager; Ruth Jordan, women's!
editor; K. C. Brown, photographic editor.!
The '27 Quad will be published in 1927, j
which differs from the former system.
The executives of the 1927 Quad were
selected at a meeting of the Quad board
June 2, and were annonuced today. The
following were chosen: A. S. Klauber,
editor; R. E. Paradise, manager; R. S.
Rood, assistant editor; K. L. Starling, as
sistant manager; Ruth Jordan, women's!
editor; K. C. Brown, photographic editor.!
The '27 Quad will be published in 1927, j
which differs from the former system.
The executives of the 1927 Quad were
selected at a meeting of the Quad board
June 2, and were annonuced today. The
following were chosen: A. S. Klauber,
editor; R. E. Paradise, manager; R. S.
Rood, assistant editor; K. L. Starling, as
sistant manager; Ruth Jordan, women's!
editor; K. C. Brown, photographic editor.!
The '27 Quad will be published in 1927, j
which differs from the former system.
The executives of the 1927 Quad were
selected at a meeting of the Quad board
June 2, and were annonuced today. The
following were chosen: A. S. Klauber,
editor; R. E. Paradise, manager; R. S.
Rood, assistant editor; K. L. Starling, as
sistant manager; Ruth Jordan, women's!
editor; K. C. Brown, photographic editor.!
The '27 Quad will be published in 1927, j
which differs from the former system.
The executives of the 1927 Quad were
selected at a meeting of the Quad board
June 2, and were annonuced today. The
following were chosen: A. S. Klauber,
editor; R. E. Paradise, manager; R. S.
Rood, assistant editor; K. L. Starling, as
sistant manager; Ruth Jordan, women's!
editor; K. C. Brown, photographic editor.!
The '27 Quad will be published in 1927, j
which differs from the former system.
