# Henry Labbe, '96, to Attend Inauguration for Stanford
## 
### 
C. Henry Labbe, a graduate of Stan
ford with the class of '96 and now a
lawyer of Portland, Oregon, has been
named the official representative of
Stanford University at the forthcom
ing inauguration of Dr. Normal. Frank
Coleman as president of Reed College.
C. Henry Labbe, a graduate of Stan
ford with the class of '96 and now a
lawyer of Portland, Oregon, has been
named the official representative of
Stanford University at the forthcom
ing inauguration of Dr. Normal. Frank
Coleman as president of Reed College.
C. Henry Labbe, a graduate of Stan
ford with the class of '96 and now a
lawyer of Portland, Oregon, has been
named the official representative of
Stanford University at the forthcom
ing inauguration of Dr. Normal. Frank
Coleman as president of Reed College.
C. Henry Labbe, a graduate of Stan
ford with the class of '96 and now a
lawyer of Portland, Oregon, has been
named the official representative of
Stanford University at the forthcom
ing inauguration of Dr. Normal. Frank
Coleman as president of Reed College.
C. Henry Labbe, a graduate of Stan
ford with the class of '96 and now a
lawyer of Portland, Oregon, has been
named the official representative of
Stanford University at the forthcom
ing inauguration of Dr. Normal. Frank
Coleman as president of Reed College.
C. Henry Labbe, a graduate of Stan
ford with the class of '96 and now a
lawyer of Portland, Oregon, has been
named the official representative of
Stanford University at the forthcom
ing inauguration of Dr. Normal. Frank
Coleman as president of Reed College.
C. Henry Labbe, a graduate of Stan
ford with the class of '96 and now a
lawyer of Portland, Oregon, has been
named the official representative of
Stanford University at the forthcom
ing inauguration of Dr. Normal. Frank
Coleman as president of Reed College.
C. Henry Labbe, a graduate of Stan
ford with the class of '96 and now a
lawyer of Portland, Oregon, has been
named the official representative of
Stanford University at the forthcom
ing inauguration of Dr. Normal. Frank
Coleman as president of Reed College.
C. Henry Labbe, a graduate of Stan
ford with the class of '96 and now a
lawyer of Portland, Oregon, has been
named the official representative of
Stanford University at the forthcom
ing inauguration of Dr. Normal. Frank
Coleman as president of Reed College.
C. Henry Labbe, a graduate of Stan
ford with the class of '96 and now a
lawyer of Portland, Oregon, has been
named the official representative of
Stanford University at the forthcom
ing inauguration of Dr. Normal. Frank
Coleman as president of Reed College.
C. Henry Labbe, a graduate of Stan
ford with the class of '96 and now a
lawyer of Portland, Oregon, has been
named the official representative of
Stanford University at the forthcom
ing inauguration of Dr. Normal. Frank
Coleman as president of Reed College.
C. Henry Labbe, a graduate of Stan
ford with the class of '96 and now a
lawyer of Portland, Oregon, has been
named the official representative of
Stanford University at the forthcom
ing inauguration of Dr. Normal. Frank
Coleman as president of Reed College.
C. Henry Labbe, a graduate of Stan
ford with the class of '96 and now a
lawyer of Portland, Oregon, has been
named the official representative of
Stanford University at the forthcom
ing inauguration of Dr. Normal. Frank
Coleman as president of Reed College.
C. Henry Labbe, a graduate of Stan
ford with the class of '96 and now a
lawyer of Portland, Oregon, has been
named the official representative of
Stanford University at the forthcom
ing inauguration of Dr. Normal. Frank
Coleman as president of Reed College.
C. Henry Labbe, a graduate of Stan
ford with the class of '96 and now a
lawyer of Portland, Oregon, has been
named the official representative of
Stanford University at the forthcom
ing inauguration of Dr. Normal. Frank
Coleman as president of Reed College.
