# Book Collectors for Loan Library Needed
## 
### 
Volunteers to collect books for* the
Robert F. Stever Loan Library are
needed by the Appointment Office this
week. It is essential that books be
added to the library for next fall, as
it is expected that the present supply
will be inadequate.
The Loan Library is used by a great
number of self-supporting students
who find its existence a valuable aid
in enabling them to secure text books.
Any person wishing to help in the
collecting of books is asked to see
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell in the Appoint
ment Office.
Volunteers to collect books for* the
Robert F. Stever Loan Library are
needed by the Appointment Office this
week. It is essential that books be
added to the library for next fall, as
it is expected that the present supply
will be inadequate.
The Loan Library is used by a great
number of self-supporting students
who find its existence a valuable aid
in enabling them to secure text books.
Any person wishing to help in the
collecting of books is asked to see
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell in the Appoint
ment Office.
Volunteers to collect books for* the
Robert F. Stever Loan Library are
needed by the Appointment Office this
week. It is essential that books be
added to the library for next fall, as
it is expected that the present supply
will be inadequate.
The Loan Library is used by a great
number of self-supporting students
who find its existence a valuable aid
in enabling them to secure text books.
Any person wishing to help in the
collecting of books is asked to see
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell in the Appoint
ment Office.
Volunteers to collect books for* the
Robert F. Stever Loan Library are
needed by the Appointment Office this
week. It is essential that books be
added to the library for next fall, as
it is expected that the present supply
will be inadequate.
The Loan Library is used by a great
number of self-supporting students
who find its existence a valuable aid
in enabling them to secure text books.
Any person wishing to help in the
collecting of books is asked to see
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell in the Appoint
ment Office.
Volunteers to collect books for* the
Robert F. Stever Loan Library are
needed by the Appointment Office this
week. It is essential that books be
added to the library for next fall, as
it is expected that the present supply
will be inadequate.
The Loan Library is used by a great
number of self-supporting students
who find its existence a valuable aid
in enabling them to secure text books.
Any person wishing to help in the
collecting of books is asked to see
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell in the Appoint
ment Office.
Volunteers to collect books for* the
Robert F. Stever Loan Library are
needed by the Appointment Office this
week. It is essential that books be
added to the library for next fall, as
it is expected that the present supply
will be inadequate.
The Loan Library is used by a great
number of self-supporting students
who find its existence a valuable aid
in enabling them to secure text books.
Any person wishing to help in the
collecting of books is asked to see
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell in the Appoint
ment Office.
Volunteers to collect books for* the
Robert F. Stever Loan Library are
needed by the Appointment Office this
week. It is essential that books be
added to the library for next fall, as
it is expected that the present supply
will be inadequate.
The Loan Library is used by a great
number of self-supporting students
who find its existence a valuable aid
in enabling them to secure text books.
Any person wishing to help in the
collecting of books is asked to see
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell in the Appoint
ment Office.
Volunteers to collect books for* the
Robert F. Stever Loan Library are
needed by the Appointment Office this
week. It is essential that books be
added to the library for next fall, as
it is expected that the present supply
will be inadequate.
The Loan Library is used by a great
number of self-supporting students
who find its existence a valuable aid
in enabling them to secure text books.
Any person wishing to help in the
collecting of books is asked to see
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell in the Appoint
ment Office.
Volunteers to collect books for* the
Robert F. Stever Loan Library are
needed by the Appointment Office this
week. It is essential that books be
added to the library for next fall, as
it is expected that the present supply
will be inadequate.
The Loan Library is used by a great
number of self-supporting students
who find its existence a valuable aid
in enabling them to secure text books.
Any person wishing to help in the
collecting of books is asked to see
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell in the Appoint
ment Office.
Volunteers to collect books for* the
Robert F. Stever Loan Library are
needed by the Appointment Office this
week. It is essential that books be
added to the library for next fall, as
it is expected that the present supply
will be inadequate.
The Loan Library is used by a great
number of self-supporting students
who find its existence a valuable aid
in enabling them to secure text books.
Any person wishing to help in the
collecting of books is asked to see
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell in the Appoint
ment Office.
Volunteers to collect books for* the
Robert F. Stever Loan Library are
needed by the Appointment Office this
week. It is essential that books be
added to the library for next fall, as
it is expected that the present supply
will be inadequate.
The Loan Library is used by a great
number of self-supporting students
who find its existence a valuable aid
in enabling them to secure text books.
Any person wishing to help in the
collecting of books is asked to see
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell in the Appoint
ment Office.
Volunteers to collect books for* the
Robert F. Stever Loan Library are
needed by the Appointment Office this
week. It is essential that books be
added to the library for next fall, as
it is expected that the present supply
will be inadequate.
The Loan Library is used by a great
number of self-supporting students
who find its existence a valuable aid
in enabling them to secure text books.
Any person wishing to help in the
collecting of books is asked to see
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell in the Appoint
ment Office.
Volunteers to collect books for* the
Robert F. Stever Loan Library are
needed by the Appointment Office this
week. It is essential that books be
added to the library for next fall, as
it is expected that the present supply
will be inadequate.
The Loan Library is used by a great
number of self-supporting students
who find its existence a valuable aid
in enabling them to secure text books.
Any person wishing to help in the
collecting of books is asked to see
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell in the Appoint
ment Office.
Volunteers to collect books for* the
Robert F. Stever Loan Library are
needed by the Appointment Office this
week. It is essential that books be
added to the library for next fall, as
it is expected that the present supply
will be inadequate.
The Loan Library is used by a great
number of self-supporting students
who find its existence a valuable aid
in enabling them to secure text books.
Any person wishing to help in the
collecting of books is asked to see
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell in the Appoint
ment Office.
Volunteers to collect books for* the
Robert F. Stever Loan Library are
needed by the Appointment Office this
week. It is essential that books be
added to the library for next fall, as
it is expected that the present supply
will be inadequate.
The Loan Library is used by a great
number of self-supporting students
who find its existence a valuable aid
in enabling them to secure text books.
Any person wishing to help in the
collecting of books is asked to see
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell in the Appoint
ment Office.
