# Aztec Calendar Stone Is Art Exhibit Feature
## 
### 
The famous and mysterious Aztec
calendar stone (stone of the sun) has
been reproduced as an exact miniature i
of the original Mexican monument â€”a
mute, but impressive proof of primitive
Aztec genius and culture. This replica
is the enviable work of Mr. Manuel Cen
teurion, the associate sculptor of Mr.
Francisco Cornejo, the Mexican artist,
and is a noteworthy feature of the
Maya-Aztec display at the Art Gallery.
The history of the original stone is as

unique as the early Aztecs themselves,
it was fashioned ingenuously from a
single piece of porphyry. The stone was
formed without the aid of steel instru
ments and was taken to the Temple of
the Sun, where helpless human beings
were sacrificed to the gods. At a some
what later date Cortez and his soldiers
threw it down from its sacred place. In
1560, by order of the Archbishop of
Mexico, who feared a return to pagan
beliefs, the stone was buried. In 1790
it again appeared in sight, and 1885
marks the addition of another monument
of early Mexico to the collection of an
tiques in the Mexican museum.
