# MAY AID REPARATIONS
## 
### 

The name of J. Pierpont Morgan,
international banker, has been
prominently mentioned as a pos
sible member of the American
delegation to the coming Paris war
reparations conference.

The name of J. Pierpont Morgan,
international banker, has been
prominently mentioned as a pos
sible member of the American
delegation to the coming Paris war
reparations conference.

The name of J. Pierpont Morgan,
international banker, has been
prominently mentioned as a pos
sible member of the American
delegation to the coming Paris war
reparations conference.

The name of J. Pierpont Morgan,
international banker, has been
prominently mentioned as a pos
sible member of the American
delegation to the coming Paris war
reparations conference.

The name of J. Pierpont Morgan,
international banker, has been
prominently mentioned as a pos
sible member of the American
delegation to the coming Paris war
reparations conference.

The name of J. Pierpont Morgan,
international banker, has been
prominently mentioned as a pos
sible member of the American
delegation to the coming Paris war
reparations conference.

The name of J. Pierpont Morgan,
international banker, has been
prominently mentioned as a pos
sible member of the American
delegation to the coming Paris war
reparations conference.

The name of J. Pierpont Morgan,
international banker, has been
prominently mentioned as a pos
sible member of the American
delegation to the coming Paris war
reparations conference.

The name of J. Pierpont Morgan,
international banker, has been
prominently mentioned as a pos
sible member of the American
delegation to the coming Paris war
reparations conference.

The name of J. Pierpont Morgan,
international banker, has been
prominently mentioned as a pos
sible member of the American
delegation to the coming Paris war
reparations conference.

The name of J. Pierpont Morgan,
international banker, has been
prominently mentioned as a pos
sible member of the American
delegation to the coming Paris war
reparations conference.

The name of J. Pierpont Morgan,
international banker, has been
prominently mentioned as a pos
sible member of the American
delegation to the coming Paris war
reparations conference.

The name of J. Pierpont Morgan,
international banker, has been
prominently mentioned as a pos
sible member of the American
delegation to the coming Paris war
reparations conference.

The name of J. Pierpont Morgan,
international banker, has been
prominently mentioned as a pos
sible member of the American
delegation to the coming Paris war
reparations conference.

The name of J. Pierpont Morgan,
international banker, has been
prominently mentioned as a pos
sible member of the American
delegation to the coming Paris war
reparations conference.

The name of J. Pierpont Morgan,
international banker, has been
prominently mentioned as a pos
sible member of the American
delegation to the coming Paris war
reparations conference.

The name of J. Pierpont Morgan,
international banker, has been
prominently mentioned as a pos
sible member of the American
delegation to the coming Paris war
reparations conference.
