# PASTOR CAPTURES DRUNK
## 
### 
WACO, Texas, Jan. 21. (/P) -Dr.
Arthur Stout, pastor of the Central
Christian Church here, quit a funeral
procession today to chase an intoxi
cated driver, caught the driver and
held him until the police arrived.
WACO, Texas, Jan. 21. (/P) -Dr.
Arthur Stout, pastor of the Central
Christian Church here, quit a funeral
procession today to chase an intoxi
cated driver, caught the driver and
held him until the police arrived.
WACO, Texas, Jan. 21. (/P) -Dr.
Arthur Stout, pastor of the Central
Christian Church here, quit a funeral
procession today to chase an intoxi
cated driver, caught the driver and
held him until the police arrived.
WACO, Texas, Jan. 21. (/P) -Dr.
Arthur Stout, pastor of the Central
Christian Church here, quit a funeral
procession today to chase an intoxi
cated driver, caught the driver and
held him until the police arrived.
WACO, Texas, Jan. 21. (/P) -Dr.
Arthur Stout, pastor of the Central
Christian Church here, quit a funeral
procession today to chase an intoxi
cated driver, caught the driver and
held him until the police arrived.
WACO, Texas, Jan. 21. (/P) -Dr.
Arthur Stout, pastor of the Central
Christian Church here, quit a funeral
procession today to chase an intoxi
cated driver, caught the driver and
held him until the police arrived.
WACO, Texas, Jan. 21. (/P) -Dr.
Arthur Stout, pastor of the Central
Christian Church here, quit a funeral
procession today to chase an intoxi
cated driver, caught the driver and
held him until the police arrived.
WACO, Texas, Jan. 21. (/P) -Dr.
Arthur Stout, pastor of the Central
Christian Church here, quit a funeral
procession today to chase an intoxi
cated driver, caught the driver and
held him until the police arrived.
WACO, Texas, Jan. 21. (/P) -Dr.
Arthur Stout, pastor of the Central
Christian Church here, quit a funeral
procession today to chase an intoxi
cated driver, caught the driver and
held him until the police arrived.
WACO, Texas, Jan. 21. (/P) -Dr.
Arthur Stout, pastor of the Central
Christian Church here, quit a funeral
procession today to chase an intoxi
cated driver, caught the driver and
held him until the police arrived.
WACO, Texas, Jan. 21. (/P) -Dr.
Arthur Stout, pastor of the Central
Christian Church here, quit a funeral
procession today to chase an intoxi
cated driver, caught the driver and
held him until the police arrived.
WACO, Texas, Jan. 21. (/P) -Dr.
Arthur Stout, pastor of the Central
Christian Church here, quit a funeral
procession today to chase an intoxi
cated driver, caught the driver and
held him until the police arrived.
WACO, Texas, Jan. 21. (/P) -Dr.
Arthur Stout, pastor of the Central
Christian Church here, quit a funeral
procession today to chase an intoxi
cated driver, caught the driver and
held him until the police arrived.
WACO, Texas, Jan. 21. (/P) -Dr.
Arthur Stout, pastor of the Central
Christian Church here, quit a funeral
procession today to chase an intoxi
cated driver, caught the driver and
held him until the police arrived.
WACO, Texas, Jan. 21. (/P) -Dr.
Arthur Stout, pastor of the Central
Christian Church here, quit a funeral
procession today to chase an intoxi
cated driver, caught the driver and
held him until the police arrived.
WACO, Texas, Jan. 21. (/P) -Dr.
Arthur Stout, pastor of the Central
Christian Church here, quit a funeral
procession today to chase an intoxi
cated driver, caught the driver and
held him until the police arrived.
WACO, Texas, Jan. 21. (/P) -Dr.
Arthur Stout, pastor of the Central
Christian Church here, quit a funeral
procession today to chase an intoxi
cated driver, caught the driver and
held him until the police arrived.
