# January 26 Is Last Date To Make Up Incompletes
## 
### 
Examinations or other work which
must be made up- because of incom
pletes last quarter must be taken by
January 26, announces the Regis
trar's Office. Examinations may not
be taken after this date without a
petition to the Scholarship Commit
tee or by special arrangement.
Examinations or other work which
must be made up- because of incom
pletes last quarter must be taken by
January 26, announces the Regis
trar's Office. Examinations may not
be taken after this date without a
petition to the Scholarship Commit
tee or by special arrangement.
Examinations or other work which
must be made up- because of incom
pletes last quarter must be taken by
January 26, announces the Regis
trar's Office. Examinations may not
be taken after this date without a
petition to the Scholarship Commit
tee or by special arrangement.
Examinations or other work which
must be made up- because of incom
pletes last quarter must be taken by
January 26, announces the Regis
trar's Office. Examinations may not
be taken after this date without a
petition to the Scholarship Commit
tee or by special arrangement.
Examinations or other work which
must be made up- because of incom
pletes last quarter must be taken by
January 26, announces the Regis
trar's Office. Examinations may not
be taken after this date without a
petition to the Scholarship Commit
tee or by special arrangement.
Examinations or other work which
must be made up- because of incom
pletes last quarter must be taken by
January 26, announces the Regis
trar's Office. Examinations may not
be taken after this date without a
petition to the Scholarship Commit
tee or by special arrangement.
Examinations or other work which
must be made up- because of incom
pletes last quarter must be taken by
January 26, announces the Regis
trar's Office. Examinations may not
be taken after this date without a
petition to the Scholarship Commit
tee or by special arrangement.
Examinations or other work which
must be made up- because of incom
pletes last quarter must be taken by
January 26, announces the Regis
trar's Office. Examinations may not
be taken after this date without a
petition to the Scholarship Commit
tee or by special arrangement.
Examinations or other work which
must be made up- because of incom
pletes last quarter must be taken by
January 26, announces the Regis
trar's Office. Examinations may not
be taken after this date without a
petition to the Scholarship Commit
tee or by special arrangement.
Examinations or other work which
must be made up- because of incom
pletes last quarter must be taken by
January 26, announces the Regis
trar's Office. Examinations may not
be taken after this date without a
petition to the Scholarship Commit
tee or by special arrangement.
Examinations or other work which
must be made up- because of incom
pletes last quarter must be taken by
January 26, announces the Regis
trar's Office. Examinations may not
be taken after this date without a
petition to the Scholarship Commit
tee or by special arrangement.
Examinations or other work which
must be made up- because of incom
pletes last quarter must be taken by
January 26, announces the Regis
trar's Office. Examinations may not
be taken after this date without a
petition to the Scholarship Commit
tee or by special arrangement.
Examinations or other work which
must be made up- because of incom
pletes last quarter must be taken by
January 26, announces the Regis
trar's Office. Examinations may not
be taken after this date without a
petition to the Scholarship Commit
tee or by special arrangement.
Examinations or other work which
must be made up- because of incom
pletes last quarter must be taken by
January 26, announces the Regis
trar's Office. Examinations may not
be taken after this date without a
petition to the Scholarship Commit
tee or by special arrangement.
Examinations or other work which
must be made up- because of incom
pletes last quarter must be taken by
January 26, announces the Regis
trar's Office. Examinations may not
be taken after this date without a
petition to the Scholarship Commit
tee or by special arrangement.
Examinations or other work which
must be made up- because of incom
pletes last quarter must be taken by
January 26, announces the Regis
trar's Office. Examinations may not
be taken after this date without a
petition to the Scholarship Commit
tee or by special arrangement.
Examinations or other work which
must be made up- because of incom
pletes last quarter must be taken by
January 26, announces the Regis
trar's Office. Examinations may not
be taken after this date without a
petition to the Scholarship Commit
tee or by special arrangement.
