# U. S. TREASURER
## 
### 

The senate has confirmed the
nomination of Walter O. Woods of
Kansas to be treasurer of the Unit
ed States.

The senate has confirmed the
nomination of Walter O. Woods of
Kansas to be treasurer of the Unit
ed States.

The senate has confirmed the
nomination of Walter O. Woods of
Kansas to be treasurer of the Unit
ed States.

The senate has confirmed the
nomination of Walter O. Woods of
Kansas to be treasurer of the Unit
ed States.

The senate has confirmed the
nomination of Walter O. Woods of
Kansas to be treasurer of the Unit
ed States.

The senate has confirmed the
nomination of Walter O. Woods of
Kansas to be treasurer of the Unit
ed States.

The senate has confirmed the
nomination of Walter O. Woods of
Kansas to be treasurer of the Unit
ed States.

The senate has confirmed the
nomination of Walter O. Woods of
Kansas to be treasurer of the Unit
ed States.

The senate has confirmed the
nomination of Walter O. Woods of
Kansas to be treasurer of the Unit
ed States.

The senate has confirmed the
nomination of Walter O. Woods of
Kansas to be treasurer of the Unit
ed States.

The senate has confirmed the
nomination of Walter O. Woods of
Kansas to be treasurer of the Unit
ed States.

The senate has confirmed the
nomination of Walter O. Woods of
Kansas to be treasurer of the Unit
ed States.

The senate has confirmed the
nomination of Walter O. Woods of
Kansas to be treasurer of the Unit
ed States.

The senate has confirmed the
nomination of Walter O. Woods of
Kansas to be treasurer of the Unit
ed States.

The senate has confirmed the
nomination of Walter O. Woods of
Kansas to be treasurer of the Unit
ed States.

The senate has confirmed the
nomination of Walter O. Woods of
Kansas to be treasurer of the Unit
ed States.

The senate has confirmed the
nomination of Walter O. Woods of
Kansas to be treasurer of the Unit
ed States.
