# NEBRASKA'S NEW STATE HOUSE
## 
### 

View of Nebraska's new $10,000,000 state house which Is nearing
completion at Lincoln. The building was designed by the late
Bertram Goodhue, New York architect.

View of Nebraska's new $10,000,000 state house which Is nearing
completion at Lincoln. The building was designed by the late
Bertram Goodhue, New York architect.

View of Nebraska's new $10,000,000 state house which Is nearing
completion at Lincoln. The building was designed by the late
Bertram Goodhue, New York architect.

View of Nebraska's new $10,000,000 state house which Is nearing
completion at Lincoln. The building was designed by the late
Bertram Goodhue, New York architect.

View of Nebraska's new $10,000,000 state house which Is nearing
completion at Lincoln. The building was designed by the late
Bertram Goodhue, New York architect.

View of Nebraska's new $10,000,000 state house which Is nearing
completion at Lincoln. The building was designed by the late
Bertram Goodhue, New York architect.

View of Nebraska's new $10,000,000 state house which Is nearing
completion at Lincoln. The building was designed by the late
Bertram Goodhue, New York architect.

View of Nebraska's new $10,000,000 state house which Is nearing
completion at Lincoln. The building was designed by the late
Bertram Goodhue, New York architect.

View of Nebraska's new $10,000,000 state house which Is nearing
completion at Lincoln. The building was designed by the late
Bertram Goodhue, New York architect.

View of Nebraska's new $10,000,000 state house which Is nearing
completion at Lincoln. The building was designed by the late
Bertram Goodhue, New York architect.

View of Nebraska's new $10,000,000 state house which Is nearing
completion at Lincoln. The building was designed by the late
Bertram Goodhue, New York architect.

View of Nebraska's new $10,000,000 state house which Is nearing
completion at Lincoln. The building was designed by the late
Bertram Goodhue, New York architect.

View of Nebraska's new $10,000,000 state house which Is nearing
completion at Lincoln. The building was designed by the late
Bertram Goodhue, New York architect.

View of Nebraska's new $10,000,000 state house which Is nearing
completion at Lincoln. The building was designed by the late
Bertram Goodhue, New York architect.

View of Nebraska's new $10,000,000 state house which Is nearing
completion at Lincoln. The building was designed by the late
Bertram Goodhue, New York architect.

View of Nebraska's new $10,000,000 state house which Is nearing
completion at Lincoln. The building was designed by the late
Bertram Goodhue, New York architect.

View of Nebraska's new $10,000,000 state house which Is nearing
completion at Lincoln. The building was designed by the late
Bertram Goodhue, New York architect.
