# ROOTERS' TICKETS FOR CAL-STANFORD GAME SOLD TODAY
## 
### 
Rooters' tickets for the 11 rat
California - Stanford basketball
game to be held in the Oakland
Auditorium Saturday night will
be on sale for fifty cents from
10 to 12 o'clock and from 1:30 to
5 o'clock today in the Associ
ated Students office in the Old
Union. Students must present
their A.S.S.U. cards.
The remainder of Stanford's
allotment of 1000 will be placed
on sale at $1 tomorrow. Of the
Stanford allotment, 250 are in
the regular rooting section and
the remainder are reserved seats
in the balcony above the rooting
section. Since it will probably
bo impossible to secure anything
except standing room on the
night of the game, students are
advised to take advantage of
this sale.
Rooters' tickets for the 11 rat
California - Stanford basketball
game to be held in the Oakland
Auditorium Saturday night will
be on sale for fifty cents from
10 to 12 o'clock and from 1:30 to
5 o'clock today in the Associ
ated Students office in the Old
Union. Students must present
their A.S.S.U. cards.
The remainder of Stanford's
allotment of 1000 will be placed
on sale at $1 tomorrow. Of the
Stanford allotment, 250 are in
the regular rooting section and
the remainder are reserved seats
in the balcony above the rooting
section. Since it will probably
bo impossible to secure anything
except standing room on the
night of the game, students are
advised to take advantage of
this sale.
Rooters' tickets for the 11 rat
California - Stanford basketball
game to be held in the Oakland
Auditorium Saturday night will
be on sale for fifty cents from
10 to 12 o'clock and from 1:30 to
5 o'clock today in the Associ
ated Students office in the Old
Union. Students must present
their A.S.S.U. cards.
The remainder of Stanford's
allotment of 1000 will be placed
on sale at $1 tomorrow. Of the
Stanford allotment, 250 are in
the regular rooting section and
the remainder are reserved seats
in the balcony above the rooting
section. Since it will probably
bo impossible to secure anything
except standing room on the
night of the game, students are
advised to take advantage of
this sale.
Rooters' tickets for the 11 rat
California - Stanford basketball
game to be held in the Oakland
Auditorium Saturday night will
be on sale for fifty cents from
10 to 12 o'clock and from 1:30 to
5 o'clock today in the Associ
ated Students office in the Old
Union. Students must present
their A.S.S.U. cards.
The remainder of Stanford's
allotment of 1000 will be placed
on sale at $1 tomorrow. Of the
Stanford allotment, 250 are in
the regular rooting section and
the remainder are reserved seats
in the balcony above the rooting
section. Since it will probably
bo impossible to secure anything
except standing room on the
night of the game, students are
advised to take advantage of
this sale.
Rooters' tickets for the 11 rat
California - Stanford basketball
game to be held in the Oakland
Auditorium Saturday night will
be on sale for fifty cents from
10 to 12 o'clock and from 1:30 to
5 o'clock today in the Associ
ated Students office in the Old
Union. Students must present
their A.S.S.U. cards.
The remainder of Stanford's
allotment of 1000 will be placed
on sale at $1 tomorrow. Of the
Stanford allotment, 250 are in
the regular rooting section and
the remainder are reserved seats
in the balcony above the rooting
section. Since it will probably
bo impossible to secure anything
except standing room on the
night of the game, students are
advised to take advantage of
this sale.
Rooters' tickets for the 11 rat
California - Stanford basketball
game to be held in the Oakland
Auditorium Saturday night will
be on sale for fifty cents from
10 to 12 o'clock and from 1:30 to
5 o'clock today in the Associ
ated Students office in the Old
Union. Students must present
their A.S.S.U. cards.
The remainder of Stanford's
allotment of 1000 will be placed
on sale at $1 tomorrow. Of the
Stanford allotment, 250 are in
the regular rooting section and
the remainder are reserved seats
in the balcony above the rooting
section. Since it will probably
bo impossible to secure anything
except standing room on the
night of the game, students are
advised to take advantage of
this sale.
Rooters' tickets for the 11 rat
California - Stanford basketball
game to be held in the Oakland
Auditorium Saturday night will
be on sale for fifty cents from
10 to 12 o'clock and from 1:30 to
5 o'clock today in the Associ
ated Students office in the Old
Union. Students must present
their A.S.S.U. cards.
The remainder of Stanford's
allotment of 1000 will be placed
on sale at $1 tomorrow. Of the
Stanford allotment, 250 are in
the regular rooting section and
the remainder are reserved seats
in the balcony above the rooting
section. Since it will probably
bo impossible to secure anything
except standing room on the
night of the game, students are
advised to take advantage of
this sale.
Rooters' tickets for the 11 rat
California - Stanford basketball
game to be held in the Oakland
Auditorium Saturday night will
be on sale for fifty cents from
10 to 12 o'clock and from 1:30 to
5 o'clock today in the Associ
ated Students office in the Old
Union. Students must present
their A.S.S.U. cards.
The remainder of Stanford's
allotment of 1000 will be placed
on sale at $1 tomorrow. Of the
Stanford allotment, 250 are in
the regular rooting section and
the remainder are reserved seats
in the balcony above the rooting
section. Since it will probably
bo impossible to secure anything
except standing room on the
night of the game, students are
advised to take advantage of
this sale.
Rooters' tickets for the 11 rat
California - Stanford basketball
game to be held in the Oakland
Auditorium Saturday night will
be on sale for fifty cents from
10 to 12 o'clock and from 1:30 to
5 o'clock today in the Associ
ated Students office in the Old
Union. Students must present
their A.S.S.U. cards.
The remainder of Stanford's
allotment of 1000 will be placed
on sale at $1 tomorrow. Of the
Stanford allotment, 250 are in
the regular rooting section and
the remainder are reserved seats
in the balcony above the rooting
section. Since it will probably
bo impossible to secure anything
except standing room on the
night of the game, students are
advised to take advantage of
this sale.
Rooters' tickets for the 11 rat
California - Stanford basketball
game to be held in the Oakland
Auditorium Saturday night will
be on sale for fifty cents from
10 to 12 o'clock and from 1:30 to
5 o'clock today in the Associ
ated Students office in the Old
Union. Students must present
their A.S.S.U. cards.
The remainder of Stanford's
allotment of 1000 will be placed
on sale at $1 tomorrow. Of the
Stanford allotment, 250 are in
the regular rooting section and
the remainder are reserved seats
in the balcony above the rooting
section. Since it will probably
bo impossible to secure anything
except standing room on the
night of the game, students are
advised to take advantage of
this sale.
Rooters' tickets for the 11 rat
California - Stanford basketball
game to be held in the Oakland
Auditorium Saturday night will
be on sale for fifty cents from
10 to 12 o'clock and from 1:30 to
5 o'clock today in the Associ
ated Students office in the Old
Union. Students must present
their A.S.S.U. cards.
The remainder of Stanford's
allotment of 1000 will be placed
on sale at $1 tomorrow. Of the
Stanford allotment, 250 are in
the regular rooting section and
the remainder are reserved seats
in the balcony above the rooting
section. Since it will probably
bo impossible to secure anything
except standing room on the
night of the game, students are
advised to take advantage of
this sale.
Rooters' tickets for the 11 rat
California - Stanford basketball
game to be held in the Oakland
Auditorium Saturday night will
be on sale for fifty cents from
10 to 12 o'clock and from 1:30 to
5 o'clock today in the Associ
ated Students office in the Old
Union. Students must present
their A.S.S.U. cards.
The remainder of Stanford's
allotment of 1000 will be placed
on sale at $1 tomorrow. Of the
Stanford allotment, 250 are in
the regular rooting section and
the remainder are reserved seats
in the balcony above the rooting
section. Since it will probably
bo impossible to secure anything
except standing room on the
night of the game, students are
advised to take advantage of
this sale.
Rooters' tickets for the 11 rat
California - Stanford basketball
game to be held in the Oakland
Auditorium Saturday night will
be on sale for fifty cents from
10 to 12 o'clock and from 1:30 to
5 o'clock today in the Associ
ated Students office in the Old
Union. Students must present
their A.S.S.U. cards.
The remainder of Stanford's
allotment of 1000 will be placed
on sale at $1 tomorrow. Of the
Stanford allotment, 250 are in
the regular rooting section and
the remainder are reserved seats
in the balcony above the rooting
section. Since it will probably
bo impossible to secure anything
except standing room on the
night of the game, students are
advised to take advantage of
this sale.
Rooters' tickets for the 11 rat
California - Stanford basketball
game to be held in the Oakland
Auditorium Saturday night will
be on sale for fifty cents from
10 to 12 o'clock and from 1:30 to
5 o'clock today in the Associ
ated Students office in the Old
Union. Students must present
their A.S.S.U. cards.
The remainder of Stanford's
allotment of 1000 will be placed
on sale at $1 tomorrow. Of the
Stanford allotment, 250 are in
the regular rooting section and
the remainder are reserved seats
in the balcony above the rooting
section. Since it will probably
bo impossible to secure anything
except standing room on the
night of the game, students are
advised to take advantage of
this sale.
Rooters' tickets for the 11 rat
California - Stanford basketball
game to be held in the Oakland
Auditorium Saturday night will
be on sale for fifty cents from
10 to 12 o'clock and from 1:30 to
5 o'clock today in the Associ
ated Students office in the Old
Union. Students must present
their A.S.S.U. cards.
The remainder of Stanford's
allotment of 1000 will be placed
on sale at $1 tomorrow. Of the
Stanford allotment, 250 are in
the regular rooting section and
the remainder are reserved seats
in the balcony above the rooting
section. Since it will probably
bo impossible to secure anything
except standing room on the
night of the game, students are
advised to take advantage of
this sale.
Rooters' tickets for the 11 rat
California - Stanford basketball
game to be held in the Oakland
Auditorium Saturday night will
be on sale for fifty cents from
10 to 12 o'clock and from 1:30 to
5 o'clock today in the Associ
ated Students office in the Old
Union. Students must present
their A.S.S.U. cards.
The remainder of Stanford's
allotment of 1000 will be placed
on sale at $1 tomorrow. Of the
Stanford allotment, 250 are in
the regular rooting section and
the remainder are reserved seats
in the balcony above the rooting
section. Since it will probably
bo impossible to secure anything
except standing room on the
night of the game, students are
advised to take advantage of
this sale.
Rooters' tickets for the 11 rat
California - Stanford basketball
game to be held in the Oakland
Auditorium Saturday night will
be on sale for fifty cents from
10 to 12 o'clock and from 1:30 to
5 o'clock today in the Associ
ated Students office in the Old
Union. Students must present
their A.S.S.U. cards.
The remainder of Stanford's
allotment of 1000 will be placed
on sale at $1 tomorrow. Of the
Stanford allotment, 250 are in
the regular rooting section and
the remainder are reserved seats
in the balcony above the rooting
section. Since it will probably
bo impossible to secure anything
except standing room on the
night of the game, students are
advised to take advantage of
this sale.
