# Adv. 14 Page 3
## 
### 
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 1 94
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 1 94
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 1 94
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 1 94
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 1 94
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 1 94
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 1 94
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 1 94
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 1 94
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 1 94
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 1 94
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 1 94
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 1 94
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 1 94
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 1 94
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 1 94
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 1 94
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 1 94
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
