# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Roos Knows the Campus
Something New! !
ROUND-COLLARED
SHIRTS
Pin Stripes in Tans, Blues
and Crecns
$2.00
i
Roo^Broa
ENCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Something New! !
ROUND-COLLARED
SHIRTS
Pin Stripes in Tans, Blues
and Crecns
$2.00
i
Roo^Broa
ENCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Something New! !
ROUND-COLLARED
SHIRTS
Pin Stripes in Tans, Blues
and Crecns
$2.00
i
Roo^Broa
ENCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Something New! !
ROUND-COLLARED
SHIRTS
Pin Stripes in Tans, Blues
and Crecns
$2.00
i
Roo^Broa
ENCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Something New! !
ROUND-COLLARED
SHIRTS
Pin Stripes in Tans, Blues
and Crecns
$2.00
i
Roo^Broa
ENCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Something New! !
ROUND-COLLARED
SHIRTS
Pin Stripes in Tans, Blues
and Crecns
$2.00
i
Roo^Broa
ENCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Something New! !
ROUND-COLLARED
SHIRTS
Pin Stripes in Tans, Blues
and Crecns
$2.00
i
Roo^Broa
ENCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Something New! !
ROUND-COLLARED
SHIRTS
Pin Stripes in Tans, Blues
and Crecns
$2.00
i
Roo^Broa
ENCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Something New! !
ROUND-COLLARED
SHIRTS
Pin Stripes in Tans, Blues
and Crecns
$2.00
i
Roo^Broa
ENCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Something New! !
ROUND-COLLARED
SHIRTS
Pin Stripes in Tans, Blues
and Crecns
$2.00
i
Roo^Broa
ENCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Something New! !
ROUND-COLLARED
SHIRTS
Pin Stripes in Tans, Blues
and Crecns
$2.00
i
Roo^Broa
ENCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Something New! !
ROUND-COLLARED
SHIRTS
Pin Stripes in Tans, Blues
and Crecns
$2.00
i
Roo^Broa
ENCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Something New! !
ROUND-COLLARED
SHIRTS
Pin Stripes in Tans, Blues
and Crecns
$2.00
i
Roo^Broa
ENCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Something New! !
ROUND-COLLARED
SHIRTS
Pin Stripes in Tans, Blues
and Crecns
$2.00
i
Roo^Broa
ENCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Something New! !
ROUND-COLLARED
SHIRTS
Pin Stripes in Tans, Blues
and Crecns
$2.00
i
Roo^Broa
ENCINA SHOP
