# ISSUES MOTHERS' DAY STAMPS
## 
### 

The first Mothers' Day stamps to come oIT the press in Washington, D.C.,
were dedicated by Postmaster General Farley to Mrs. Franklin I). Roose
velt. This special stamp issue is to be placed on sale early in May. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

The first Mothers' Day stamps to come oIT the press in Washington, D.C.,
were dedicated by Postmaster General Farley to Mrs. Franklin I). Roose
velt. This special stamp issue is to be placed on sale early in May. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

The first Mothers' Day stamps to come oIT the press in Washington, D.C.,
were dedicated by Postmaster General Farley to Mrs. Franklin I). Roose
velt. This special stamp issue is to be placed on sale early in May. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

The first Mothers' Day stamps to come oIT the press in Washington, D.C.,
were dedicated by Postmaster General Farley to Mrs. Franklin I). Roose
velt. This special stamp issue is to be placed on sale early in May. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

The first Mothers' Day stamps to come oIT the press in Washington, D.C.,
were dedicated by Postmaster General Farley to Mrs. Franklin I). Roose
velt. This special stamp issue is to be placed on sale early in May. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

The first Mothers' Day stamps to come oIT the press in Washington, D.C.,
were dedicated by Postmaster General Farley to Mrs. Franklin I). Roose
velt. This special stamp issue is to be placed on sale early in May. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

The first Mothers' Day stamps to come oIT the press in Washington, D.C.,
were dedicated by Postmaster General Farley to Mrs. Franklin I). Roose
velt. This special stamp issue is to be placed on sale early in May. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

The first Mothers' Day stamps to come oIT the press in Washington, D.C.,
were dedicated by Postmaster General Farley to Mrs. Franklin I). Roose
velt. This special stamp issue is to be placed on sale early in May. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

The first Mothers' Day stamps to come oIT the press in Washington, D.C.,
were dedicated by Postmaster General Farley to Mrs. Franklin I). Roose
velt. This special stamp issue is to be placed on sale early in May. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

The first Mothers' Day stamps to come oIT the press in Washington, D.C.,
were dedicated by Postmaster General Farley to Mrs. Franklin I). Roose
velt. This special stamp issue is to be placed on sale early in May. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

The first Mothers' Day stamps to come oIT the press in Washington, D.C.,
were dedicated by Postmaster General Farley to Mrs. Franklin I). Roose
velt. This special stamp issue is to be placed on sale early in May. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

The first Mothers' Day stamps to come oIT the press in Washington, D.C.,
were dedicated by Postmaster General Farley to Mrs. Franklin I). Roose
velt. This special stamp issue is to be placed on sale early in May. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

The first Mothers' Day stamps to come oIT the press in Washington, D.C.,
were dedicated by Postmaster General Farley to Mrs. Franklin I). Roose
velt. This special stamp issue is to be placed on sale early in May. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

The first Mothers' Day stamps to come oIT the press in Washington, D.C.,
were dedicated by Postmaster General Farley to Mrs. Franklin I). Roose
velt. This special stamp issue is to be placed on sale early in May. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

The first Mothers' Day stamps to come oIT the press in Washington, D.C.,
were dedicated by Postmaster General Farley to Mrs. Franklin I). Roose
velt. This special stamp issue is to be placed on sale early in May. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)
