# KAPPA ALPHA PLEDGE
## 
### 
Kappa Alpha announces the pledg
ing of George Scott, '36, and John
Carlson, '37.
Kappa Alpha announces the pledg
ing of George Scott, '36, and John
Carlson, '37.
Kappa Alpha announces the pledg
ing of George Scott, '36, and John
Carlson, '37.
Kappa Alpha announces the pledg
ing of George Scott, '36, and John
Carlson, '37.
Kappa Alpha announces the pledg
ing of George Scott, '36, and John
Carlson, '37.
Kappa Alpha announces the pledg
ing of George Scott, '36, and John
Carlson, '37.
Kappa Alpha announces the pledg
ing of George Scott, '36, and John
Carlson, '37.
Kappa Alpha announces the pledg
ing of George Scott, '36, and John
Carlson, '37.
Kappa Alpha announces the pledg
ing of George Scott, '36, and John
Carlson, '37.
Kappa Alpha announces the pledg
ing of George Scott, '36, and John
Carlson, '37.
Kappa Alpha announces the pledg
ing of George Scott, '36, and John
Carlson, '37.
Kappa Alpha announces the pledg
ing of George Scott, '36, and John
Carlson, '37.
Kappa Alpha announces the pledg
ing of George Scott, '36, and John
Carlson, '37.
Kappa Alpha announces the pledg
ing of George Scott, '36, and John
Carlson, '37.
Kappa Alpha announces the pledg
ing of George Scott, '36, and John
Carlson, '37.
