# FRANCE ON WARPATH
## 
### 
PARIS, April 18 (/P). — France
threatened in a note to Great Britain
1o scrap all current disarmament ne
gotiations unless she is given some
thing equivalent to the military alli
ance in the old Entente Cordiale.
PARIS, April 18 (/P). — France
threatened in a note to Great Britain
1o scrap all current disarmament ne
gotiations unless she is given some
thing equivalent to the military alli
ance in the old Entente Cordiale.
PARIS, April 18 (/P). — France
threatened in a note to Great Britain
1o scrap all current disarmament ne
gotiations unless she is given some
thing equivalent to the military alli
ance in the old Entente Cordiale.
PARIS, April 18 (/P). — France
threatened in a note to Great Britain
1o scrap all current disarmament ne
gotiations unless she is given some
thing equivalent to the military alli
ance in the old Entente Cordiale.
PARIS, April 18 (/P). — France
threatened in a note to Great Britain
1o scrap all current disarmament ne
gotiations unless she is given some
thing equivalent to the military alli
ance in the old Entente Cordiale.
PARIS, April 18 (/P). — France
threatened in a note to Great Britain
1o scrap all current disarmament ne
gotiations unless she is given some
thing equivalent to the military alli
ance in the old Entente Cordiale.
PARIS, April 18 (/P). — France
threatened in a note to Great Britain
1o scrap all current disarmament ne
gotiations unless she is given some
thing equivalent to the military alli
ance in the old Entente Cordiale.
PARIS, April 18 (/P). — France
threatened in a note to Great Britain
1o scrap all current disarmament ne
gotiations unless she is given some
thing equivalent to the military alli
ance in the old Entente Cordiale.
PARIS, April 18 (/P). — France
threatened in a note to Great Britain
1o scrap all current disarmament ne
gotiations unless she is given some
thing equivalent to the military alli
ance in the old Entente Cordiale.
PARIS, April 18 (/P). — France
threatened in a note to Great Britain
1o scrap all current disarmament ne
gotiations unless she is given some
thing equivalent to the military alli
ance in the old Entente Cordiale.
PARIS, April 18 (/P). — France
threatened in a note to Great Britain
1o scrap all current disarmament ne
gotiations unless she is given some
thing equivalent to the military alli
ance in the old Entente Cordiale.
PARIS, April 18 (/P). — France
threatened in a note to Great Britain
1o scrap all current disarmament ne
gotiations unless she is given some
thing equivalent to the military alli
ance in the old Entente Cordiale.
PARIS, April 18 (/P). — France
threatened in a note to Great Britain
1o scrap all current disarmament ne
gotiations unless she is given some
thing equivalent to the military alli
ance in the old Entente Cordiale.
PARIS, April 18 (/P). — France
threatened in a note to Great Britain
1o scrap all current disarmament ne
gotiations unless she is given some
thing equivalent to the military alli
ance in the old Entente Cordiale.
PARIS, April 18 (/P). — France
threatened in a note to Great Britain
1o scrap all current disarmament ne
gotiations unless she is given some
thing equivalent to the military alli
ance in the old Entente Cordiale.
