# ROUGHS NOTICE!
## 
### 
Because bid sale has jumped
tremendously, it will not be
known until Friday morning if
roughs can be admitted to the
Masque Ball. If there is any
possible room they will be
taken care of, guarantees
Chairman Stan Beaubaire.
Because bid sale has jumped
tremendously, it will not be
known until Friday morning if
roughs can be admitted to the
Masque Ball. If there is any
possible room they will be
taken care of, guarantees
Chairman Stan Beaubaire.
Because bid sale has jumped
tremendously, it will not be
known until Friday morning if
roughs can be admitted to the
Masque Ball. If there is any
possible room they will be
taken care of, guarantees
Chairman Stan Beaubaire.
Because bid sale has jumped
tremendously, it will not be
known until Friday morning if
roughs can be admitted to the
Masque Ball. If there is any
possible room they will be
taken care of, guarantees
Chairman Stan Beaubaire.
Because bid sale has jumped
tremendously, it will not be
known until Friday morning if
roughs can be admitted to the
Masque Ball. If there is any
possible room they will be
taken care of, guarantees
Chairman Stan Beaubaire.
Because bid sale has jumped
tremendously, it will not be
known until Friday morning if
roughs can be admitted to the
Masque Ball. If there is any
possible room they will be
taken care of, guarantees
Chairman Stan Beaubaire.
Because bid sale has jumped
tremendously, it will not be
known until Friday morning if
roughs can be admitted to the
Masque Ball. If there is any
possible room they will be
taken care of, guarantees
Chairman Stan Beaubaire.
Because bid sale has jumped
tremendously, it will not be
known until Friday morning if
roughs can be admitted to the
Masque Ball. If there is any
possible room they will be
taken care of, guarantees
Chairman Stan Beaubaire.
Because bid sale has jumped
tremendously, it will not be
known until Friday morning if
roughs can be admitted to the
Masque Ball. If there is any
possible room they will be
taken care of, guarantees
Chairman Stan Beaubaire.
Because bid sale has jumped
tremendously, it will not be
known until Friday morning if
roughs can be admitted to the
Masque Ball. If there is any
possible room they will be
taken care of, guarantees
Chairman Stan Beaubaire.
Because bid sale has jumped
tremendously, it will not be
known until Friday morning if
roughs can be admitted to the
Masque Ball. If there is any
possible room they will be
taken care of, guarantees
Chairman Stan Beaubaire.
Because bid sale has jumped
tremendously, it will not be
known until Friday morning if
roughs can be admitted to the
Masque Ball. If there is any
possible room they will be
taken care of, guarantees
Chairman Stan Beaubaire.
Because bid sale has jumped
tremendously, it will not be
known until Friday morning if
roughs can be admitted to the
Masque Ball. If there is any
possible room they will be
taken care of, guarantees
Chairman Stan Beaubaire.
Because bid sale has jumped
tremendously, it will not be
known until Friday morning if
roughs can be admitted to the
Masque Ball. If there is any
possible room they will be
taken care of, guarantees
Chairman Stan Beaubaire.
Because bid sale has jumped
tremendously, it will not be
known until Friday morning if
roughs can be admitted to the
Masque Ball. If there is any
possible room they will be
taken care of, guarantees
Chairman Stan Beaubaire.
