# Garner's Brother Dies
## 
### 

1 Jolly Garner (above), 48-year-old
brother of Vice President John N.
Garner, shot himself to death at his
home in El Paso, Tex. (Associated
Press Photo)

1 Jolly Garner (above), 48-year-old
brother of Vice President John N.
Garner, shot himself to death at his
home in El Paso, Tex. (Associated
Press Photo)

1 Jolly Garner (above), 48-year-old
brother of Vice President John N.
Garner, shot himself to death at his
home in El Paso, Tex. (Associated
Press Photo)

1 Jolly Garner (above), 48-year-old
brother of Vice President John N.
Garner, shot himself to death at his
home in El Paso, Tex. (Associated
Press Photo)

1 Jolly Garner (above), 48-year-old
brother of Vice President John N.
Garner, shot himself to death at his
home in El Paso, Tex. (Associated
Press Photo)

1 Jolly Garner (above), 48-year-old
brother of Vice President John N.
Garner, shot himself to death at his
home in El Paso, Tex. (Associated
Press Photo)

1 Jolly Garner (above), 48-year-old
brother of Vice President John N.
Garner, shot himself to death at his
home in El Paso, Tex. (Associated
Press Photo)

1 Jolly Garner (above), 48-year-old
brother of Vice President John N.
Garner, shot himself to death at his
home in El Paso, Tex. (Associated
Press Photo)

1 Jolly Garner (above), 48-year-old
brother of Vice President John N.
Garner, shot himself to death at his
home in El Paso, Tex. (Associated
Press Photo)

1 Jolly Garner (above), 48-year-old
brother of Vice President John N.
Garner, shot himself to death at his
home in El Paso, Tex. (Associated
Press Photo)

1 Jolly Garner (above), 48-year-old
brother of Vice President John N.
Garner, shot himself to death at his
home in El Paso, Tex. (Associated
Press Photo)

1 Jolly Garner (above), 48-year-old
brother of Vice President John N.
Garner, shot himself to death at his
home in El Paso, Tex. (Associated
Press Photo)

1 Jolly Garner (above), 48-year-old
brother of Vice President John N.
Garner, shot himself to death at his
home in El Paso, Tex. (Associated
Press Photo)

1 Jolly Garner (above), 48-year-old
brother of Vice President John N.
Garner, shot himself to death at his
home in El Paso, Tex. (Associated
Press Photo)

1 Jolly Garner (above), 48-year-old
brother of Vice President John N.
Garner, shot himself to death at his
home in El Paso, Tex. (Associated
Press Photo)
