# DEPOSITORS GO UNPAID
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, April 18 (ZP).—
Roosevelt definitely cast aside the
McLeod bill for payment of deposi
tors in closed banks in shaping up
the Administration's program for an
early conclusion of Congress.
WASHINGTON, April 18 (ZP).—
Roosevelt definitely cast aside the
McLeod bill for payment of deposi
tors in closed banks in shaping up
the Administration's program for an
early conclusion of Congress.
WASHINGTON, April 18 (ZP).—
Roosevelt definitely cast aside the
McLeod bill for payment of deposi
tors in closed banks in shaping up
the Administration's program for an
early conclusion of Congress.
WASHINGTON, April 18 (ZP).—
Roosevelt definitely cast aside the
McLeod bill for payment of deposi
tors in closed banks in shaping up
the Administration's program for an
early conclusion of Congress.
WASHINGTON, April 18 (ZP).—
Roosevelt definitely cast aside the
McLeod bill for payment of deposi
tors in closed banks in shaping up
the Administration's program for an
early conclusion of Congress.
WASHINGTON, April 18 (ZP).—
Roosevelt definitely cast aside the
McLeod bill for payment of deposi
tors in closed banks in shaping up
the Administration's program for an
early conclusion of Congress.
WASHINGTON, April 18 (ZP).—
Roosevelt definitely cast aside the
McLeod bill for payment of deposi
tors in closed banks in shaping up
the Administration's program for an
early conclusion of Congress.
WASHINGTON, April 18 (ZP).—
Roosevelt definitely cast aside the
McLeod bill for payment of deposi
tors in closed banks in shaping up
the Administration's program for an
early conclusion of Congress.
WASHINGTON, April 18 (ZP).—
Roosevelt definitely cast aside the
McLeod bill for payment of deposi
tors in closed banks in shaping up
the Administration's program for an
early conclusion of Congress.
WASHINGTON, April 18 (ZP).—
Roosevelt definitely cast aside the
McLeod bill for payment of deposi
tors in closed banks in shaping up
the Administration's program for an
early conclusion of Congress.
WASHINGTON, April 18 (ZP).—
Roosevelt definitely cast aside the
McLeod bill for payment of deposi
tors in closed banks in shaping up
the Administration's program for an
early conclusion of Congress.
WASHINGTON, April 18 (ZP).—
Roosevelt definitely cast aside the
McLeod bill for payment of deposi
tors in closed banks in shaping up
the Administration's program for an
early conclusion of Congress.
WASHINGTON, April 18 (ZP).—
Roosevelt definitely cast aside the
McLeod bill for payment of deposi
tors in closed banks in shaping up
the Administration's program for an
early conclusion of Congress.
WASHINGTON, April 18 (ZP).—
Roosevelt definitely cast aside the
McLeod bill for payment of deposi
tors in closed banks in shaping up
the Administration's program for an
early conclusion of Congress.
WASHINGTON, April 18 (ZP).—
Roosevelt definitely cast aside the
McLeod bill for payment of deposi
tors in closed banks in shaping up
the Administration's program for an
early conclusion of Congress.
