# ERROR CORRECTED
## 
### 
The Daily wishes to correct an er
ror appearing in yesterday's paper.
The name of Mrs. George Lowrie
should have been given as represen
tative for the Parent-Teachers' Con
ference.
The Daily wishes to correct an er
ror appearing in yesterday's paper.
The name of Mrs. George Lowrie
should have been given as represen
tative for the Parent-Teachers' Con
ference.
The Daily wishes to correct an er
ror appearing in yesterday's paper.
The name of Mrs. George Lowrie
should have been given as represen
tative for the Parent-Teachers' Con
ference.
The Daily wishes to correct an er
ror appearing in yesterday's paper.
The name of Mrs. George Lowrie
should have been given as represen
tative for the Parent-Teachers' Con
ference.
The Daily wishes to correct an er
ror appearing in yesterday's paper.
The name of Mrs. George Lowrie
should have been given as represen
tative for the Parent-Teachers' Con
ference.
The Daily wishes to correct an er
ror appearing in yesterday's paper.
The name of Mrs. George Lowrie
should have been given as represen
tative for the Parent-Teachers' Con
ference.
The Daily wishes to correct an er
ror appearing in yesterday's paper.
The name of Mrs. George Lowrie
should have been given as represen
tative for the Parent-Teachers' Con
ference.
The Daily wishes to correct an er
ror appearing in yesterday's paper.
The name of Mrs. George Lowrie
should have been given as represen
tative for the Parent-Teachers' Con
ference.
The Daily wishes to correct an er
ror appearing in yesterday's paper.
The name of Mrs. George Lowrie
should have been given as represen
tative for the Parent-Teachers' Con
ference.
The Daily wishes to correct an er
ror appearing in yesterday's paper.
The name of Mrs. George Lowrie
should have been given as represen
tative for the Parent-Teachers' Con
ference.
The Daily wishes to correct an er
ror appearing in yesterday's paper.
The name of Mrs. George Lowrie
should have been given as represen
tative for the Parent-Teachers' Con
ference.
The Daily wishes to correct an er
ror appearing in yesterday's paper.
The name of Mrs. George Lowrie
should have been given as represen
tative for the Parent-Teachers' Con
ference.
The Daily wishes to correct an er
ror appearing in yesterday's paper.
The name of Mrs. George Lowrie
should have been given as represen
tative for the Parent-Teachers' Con
ference.
The Daily wishes to correct an er
ror appearing in yesterday's paper.
The name of Mrs. George Lowrie
should have been given as represen
tative for the Parent-Teachers' Con
ference.
The Daily wishes to correct an er
ror appearing in yesterday's paper.
The name of Mrs. George Lowrie
should have been given as represen
tative for the Parent-Teachers' Con
ference.
