# Adv. 16 Page 3
## 
### 
-' i
kP \= v t" : " ~.-'„iO(uL
KODACOLOR
FILM
for color prints
Biggest new: of the year.
Snapshots in color with new
Kodacolor Roll Film. Used in
ordinary Kodaks like black
and-white film. No extra equip
ment. Simply .shoot as usual,
then return the film to us and
order full-color prints proc
essed by I astman. Kodacolor
is available here in popular
roll film sizes.
[)avid J^ecble
323 UNIVERSITY
-' i
kP \= v t" : " ~.-'„iO(uL
KODACOLOR
FILM
for color prints
Biggest new: of the year.
Snapshots in color with new
Kodacolor Roll Film. Used in
ordinary Kodaks like black
and-white film. No extra equip
ment. Simply .shoot as usual,
then return the film to us and
order full-color prints proc
essed by I astman. Kodacolor
is available here in popular
roll film sizes.
[)avid J^ecble
323 UNIVERSITY
-' i
kP \= v t" : " ~.-'„iO(uL
KODACOLOR
FILM
for color prints
Biggest new: of the year.
Snapshots in color with new
Kodacolor Roll Film. Used in
ordinary Kodaks like black
and-white film. No extra equip
ment. Simply .shoot as usual,
then return the film to us and
order full-color prints proc
essed by I astman. Kodacolor
is available here in popular
roll film sizes.
[)avid J^ecble
323 UNIVERSITY
-' i
kP \= v t" : " ~.-'„iO(uL
KODACOLOR
FILM
for color prints
Biggest new: of the year.
Snapshots in color with new
Kodacolor Roll Film. Used in
ordinary Kodaks like black
and-white film. No extra equip
ment. Simply .shoot as usual,
then return the film to us and
order full-color prints proc
essed by I astman. Kodacolor
is available here in popular
roll film sizes.
[)avid J^ecble
323 UNIVERSITY
-' i
kP \= v t" : " ~.-'„iO(uL
KODACOLOR
FILM
for color prints
Biggest new: of the year.
Snapshots in color with new
Kodacolor Roll Film. Used in
ordinary Kodaks like black
and-white film. No extra equip
ment. Simply .shoot as usual,
then return the film to us and
order full-color prints proc
essed by I astman. Kodacolor
is available here in popular
roll film sizes.
[)avid J^ecble
323 UNIVERSITY
-' i
kP \= v t" : " ~.-'„iO(uL
KODACOLOR
FILM
for color prints
Biggest new: of the year.
Snapshots in color with new
Kodacolor Roll Film. Used in
ordinary Kodaks like black
and-white film. No extra equip
ment. Simply .shoot as usual,
then return the film to us and
order full-color prints proc
essed by I astman. Kodacolor
is available here in popular
roll film sizes.
[)avid J^ecble
323 UNIVERSITY
-' i
kP \= v t" : " ~.-'„iO(uL
KODACOLOR
FILM
for color prints
Biggest new: of the year.
Snapshots in color with new
Kodacolor Roll Film. Used in
ordinary Kodaks like black
and-white film. No extra equip
ment. Simply .shoot as usual,
then return the film to us and
order full-color prints proc
essed by I astman. Kodacolor
is available here in popular
roll film sizes.
[)avid J^ecble
323 UNIVERSITY
-' i
kP \= v t" : " ~.-'„iO(uL
KODACOLOR
FILM
for color prints
Biggest new: of the year.
Snapshots in color with new
Kodacolor Roll Film. Used in
ordinary Kodaks like black
and-white film. No extra equip
ment. Simply .shoot as usual,
then return the film to us and
order full-color prints proc
essed by I astman. Kodacolor
is available here in popular
roll film sizes.
[)avid J^ecble
323 UNIVERSITY
-' i
kP \= v t" : " ~.-'„iO(uL
KODACOLOR
FILM
for color prints
Biggest new: of the year.
Snapshots in color with new
Kodacolor Roll Film. Used in
ordinary Kodaks like black
and-white film. No extra equip
ment. Simply .shoot as usual,
then return the film to us and
order full-color prints proc
essed by I astman. Kodacolor
is available here in popular
roll film sizes.
[)avid J^ecble
323 UNIVERSITY
-' i
kP \= v t" : " ~.-'„iO(uL
KODACOLOR
FILM
for color prints
Biggest new: of the year.
Snapshots in color with new
Kodacolor Roll Film. Used in
ordinary Kodaks like black
and-white film. No extra equip
ment. Simply .shoot as usual,
then return the film to us and
order full-color prints proc
essed by I astman. Kodacolor
is available here in popular
roll film sizes.
[)avid J^ecble
323 UNIVERSITY
-' i
kP \= v t" : " ~.-'„iO(uL
KODACOLOR
FILM
for color prints
Biggest new: of the year.
Snapshots in color with new
Kodacolor Roll Film. Used in
ordinary Kodaks like black
and-white film. No extra equip
ment. Simply .shoot as usual,
then return the film to us and
order full-color prints proc
essed by I astman. Kodacolor
is available here in popular
roll film sizes.
[)avid J^ecble
323 UNIVERSITY
-' i
kP \= v t" : " ~.-'„iO(uL
KODACOLOR
FILM
for color prints
Biggest new: of the year.
Snapshots in color with new
Kodacolor Roll Film. Used in
ordinary Kodaks like black
and-white film. No extra equip
ment. Simply .shoot as usual,
then return the film to us and
order full-color prints proc
essed by I astman. Kodacolor
is available here in popular
roll film sizes.
[)avid J^ecble
323 UNIVERSITY
-' i
kP \= v t" : " ~.-'„iO(uL
KODACOLOR
FILM
for color prints
Biggest new: of the year.
Snapshots in color with new
Kodacolor Roll Film. Used in
ordinary Kodaks like black
and-white film. No extra equip
ment. Simply .shoot as usual,
then return the film to us and
order full-color prints proc
essed by I astman. Kodacolor
is available here in popular
roll film sizes.
[)avid J^ecble
323 UNIVERSITY
-' i
kP \= v t" : " ~.-'„iO(uL
KODACOLOR
FILM
for color prints
Biggest new: of the year.
Snapshots in color with new
Kodacolor Roll Film. Used in
ordinary Kodaks like black
and-white film. No extra equip
ment. Simply .shoot as usual,
then return the film to us and
order full-color prints proc
essed by I astman. Kodacolor
is available here in popular
roll film sizes.
[)avid J^ecble
323 UNIVERSITY
-' i
kP \= v t" : " ~.-'„iO(uL
KODACOLOR
FILM
for color prints
Biggest new: of the year.
Snapshots in color with new
Kodacolor Roll Film. Used in
ordinary Kodaks like black
and-white film. No extra equip
ment. Simply .shoot as usual,
then return the film to us and
order full-color prints proc
essed by I astman. Kodacolor
is available here in popular
roll film sizes.
[)avid J^ecble
323 UNIVERSITY
-' i
kP \= v t" : " ~.-'„iO(uL
KODACOLOR
FILM
for color prints
Biggest new: of the year.
Snapshots in color with new
Kodacolor Roll Film. Used in
ordinary Kodaks like black
and-white film. No extra equip
ment. Simply .shoot as usual,
then return the film to us and
order full-color prints proc
essed by I astman. Kodacolor
is available here in popular
roll film sizes.
[)avid J^ecble
323 UNIVERSITY
-' i
kP \= v t" : " ~.-'„iO(uL
KODACOLOR
FILM
for color prints
Biggest new: of the year.
Snapshots in color with new
Kodacolor Roll Film. Used in
ordinary Kodaks like black
and-white film. No extra equip
ment. Simply .shoot as usual,
then return the film to us and
order full-color prints proc
essed by I astman. Kodacolor
is available here in popular
roll film sizes.
[)avid J^ecble
323 UNIVERSITY
-' i
kP \= v t" : " ~.-'„iO(uL
KODACOLOR
FILM
for color prints
Biggest new: of the year.
Snapshots in color with new
Kodacolor Roll Film. Used in
ordinary Kodaks like black
and-white film. No extra equip
ment. Simply .shoot as usual,
then return the film to us and
order full-color prints proc
essed by I astman. Kodacolor
is available here in popular
roll film sizes.
[)avid J^ecble
323 UNIVERSITY
