# Ram's Headers Fear for Ones Who Wander!
## One-Act Rehearsals Prepare for Opening 
### 
In case any innocent passer-by
should chance to wander into Me
morial Hall any night this week,
Ram's Head wishes to state publicly
that the society is not responsible
for his continued health or safety.
In the Green Room everybody is
wandering around, talking about a
certain old gentleman whom they
call Great-grandfather Marquis, but
no one seems to be taking the part
of (he poor ancient. Should you in
quire of Lonyth Spenker, the direc
tor, if Ted Marcuse is playing the
role, she will tell you Marcuse is
playing his son. And that is all you
can get out of her on the subject.
Opening the door into the Little
Theater stage, you may be surprised
to find two young people enthusias
tically necking on the couch, while
Betsy Durkee placidly knits and Di
rector Bob Libott sucks at his pipe.
No one seems to think this is very
strange, so in a last valiant attempt
to regain sanity you run, not walk,
to the Ram's Head Room.
But you run out just as fast, for
Bill Weeks is pulling a knife on
Lionel Walford, and no one, not
even Lyle Mayer, who is directing,
seems to care about stopping the
murder.
But to quiet all fears, be reas
sured that these harrowing scenes
only mean that "Great-Grandfather
Marquis," "Harvest Time," and "And
Then the Dusk," the winning Ram's
Head One-Acts, are getting whipped
into shape for presentation next Fri
day and Saturday nights at 8 p.m. in
the Little Theater.
In case any innocent passer-by
should chance to wander into Me
morial Hall any night this week,
Ram's Head wishes to state publicly
that the society is not responsible
for his continued health or safety.
In the Green Room everybody is
wandering around, talking about a
certain old gentleman whom they
call Great-grandfather Marquis, but
no one seems to be taking the part
of (he poor ancient. Should you in
quire of Lonyth Spenker, the direc
tor, if Ted Marcuse is playing the
role, she will tell you Marcuse is
playing his son. And that is all you
can get out of her on the subject.
Opening the door into the Little
Theater stage, you may be surprised
to find two young people enthusias
tically necking on the couch, while
Betsy Durkee placidly knits and Di
rector Bob Libott sucks at his pipe.
No one seems to think this is very
strange, so in a last valiant attempt
to regain sanity you run, not walk,
to the Ram's Head Room.
But you run out just as fast, for
Bill Weeks is pulling a knife on
Lionel Walford, and no one, not
even Lyle Mayer, who is directing,
seems to care about stopping the
murder.
But to quiet all fears, be reas
sured that these harrowing scenes
only mean that "Great-Grandfather
Marquis," "Harvest Time," and "And
Then the Dusk," the winning Ram's
Head One-Acts, are getting whipped
into shape for presentation next Fri
day and Saturday nights at 8 p.m. in
the Little Theater.
In case any innocent passer-by
should chance to wander into Me
morial Hall any night this week,
Ram's Head wishes to state publicly
that the society is not responsible
for his continued health or safety.
In the Green Room everybody is
wandering around, talking about a
certain old gentleman whom they
call Great-grandfather Marquis, but
no one seems to be taking the part
of (he poor ancient. Should you in
quire of Lonyth Spenker, the direc
tor, if Ted Marcuse is playing the
role, she will tell you Marcuse is
playing his son. And that is all you
can get out of her on the subject.
Opening the door into the Little
Theater stage, you may be surprised
to find two young people enthusias
tically necking on the couch, while
Betsy Durkee placidly knits and Di
rector Bob Libott sucks at his pipe.
No one seems to think this is very
strange, so in a last valiant attempt
to regain sanity you run, not walk,
to the Ram's Head Room.
But you run out just as fast, for
Bill Weeks is pulling a knife on
Lionel Walford, and no one, not
even Lyle Mayer, who is directing,
seems to care about stopping the
murder.
But to quiet all fears, be reas
sured that these harrowing scenes
only mean that "Great-Grandfather
Marquis," "Harvest Time," and "And
Then the Dusk," the winning Ram's
Head One-Acts, are getting whipped
into shape for presentation next Fri
day and Saturday nights at 8 p.m. in
the Little Theater.
In case any innocent passer-by
should chance to wander into Me
morial Hall any night this week,
Ram's Head wishes to state publicly
that the society is not responsible
for his continued health or safety.
In the Green Room everybody is
wandering around, talking about a
certain old gentleman whom they
call Great-grandfather Marquis, but
no one seems to be taking the part
of (he poor ancient. Should you in
quire of Lonyth Spenker, the direc
tor, if Ted Marcuse is playing the
role, she will tell you Marcuse is
playing his son. And that is all you
can get out of her on the subject.
Opening the door into the Little
Theater stage, you may be surprised
to find two young people enthusias
tically necking on the couch, while
Betsy Durkee placidly knits and Di
rector Bob Libott sucks at his pipe.
No one seems to think this is very
strange, so in a last valiant attempt
to regain sanity you run, not walk,
to the Ram's Head Room.
But you run out just as fast, for
Bill Weeks is pulling a knife on
Lionel Walford, and no one, not
even Lyle Mayer, who is directing,
seems to care about stopping the
murder.
But to quiet all fears, be reas
sured that these harrowing scenes
only mean that "Great-Grandfather
Marquis," "Harvest Time," and "And
Then the Dusk," the winning Ram's
Head One-Acts, are getting whipped
into shape for presentation next Fri
day and Saturday nights at 8 p.m. in
the Little Theater.
In case any innocent passer-by
should chance to wander into Me
morial Hall any night this week,
Ram's Head wishes to state publicly
that the society is not responsible
for his continued health or safety.
In the Green Room everybody is
wandering around, talking about a
certain old gentleman whom they
call Great-grandfather Marquis, but
no one seems to be taking the part
of (he poor ancient. Should you in
quire of Lonyth Spenker, the direc
tor, if Ted Marcuse is playing the
role, she will tell you Marcuse is
playing his son. And that is all you
can get out of her on the subject.
Opening the door into the Little
Theater stage, you may be surprised
to find two young people enthusias
tically necking on the couch, while
Betsy Durkee placidly knits and Di
rector Bob Libott sucks at his pipe.
No one seems to think this is very
strange, so in a last valiant attempt
to regain sanity you run, not walk,
to the Ram's Head Room.
But you run out just as fast, for
Bill Weeks is pulling a knife on
Lionel Walford, and no one, not
even Lyle Mayer, who is directing,
seems to care about stopping the
murder.
But to quiet all fears, be reas
sured that these harrowing scenes
only mean that "Great-Grandfather
Marquis," "Harvest Time," and "And
Then the Dusk," the winning Ram's
Head One-Acts, are getting whipped
into shape for presentation next Fri
day and Saturday nights at 8 p.m. in
the Little Theater.
In case any innocent passer-by
should chance to wander into Me
morial Hall any night this week,
Ram's Head wishes to state publicly
that the society is not responsible
for his continued health or safety.
In the Green Room everybody is
wandering around, talking about a
certain old gentleman whom they
call Great-grandfather Marquis, but
no one seems to be taking the part
of (he poor ancient. Should you in
quire of Lonyth Spenker, the direc
tor, if Ted Marcuse is playing the
role, she will tell you Marcuse is
playing his son. And that is all you
can get out of her on the subject.
Opening the door into the Little
Theater stage, you may be surprised
to find two young people enthusias
tically necking on the couch, while
Betsy Durkee placidly knits and Di
rector Bob Libott sucks at his pipe.
No one seems to think this is very
strange, so in a last valiant attempt
to regain sanity you run, not walk,
to the Ram's Head Room.
But you run out just as fast, for
Bill Weeks is pulling a knife on
Lionel Walford, and no one, not
even Lyle Mayer, who is directing,
seems to care about stopping the
murder.
But to quiet all fears, be reas
sured that these harrowing scenes
only mean that "Great-Grandfather
Marquis," "Harvest Time," and "And
Then the Dusk," the winning Ram's
Head One-Acts, are getting whipped
into shape for presentation next Fri
day and Saturday nights at 8 p.m. in
the Little Theater.
In case any innocent passer-by
should chance to wander into Me
morial Hall any night this week,
Ram's Head wishes to state publicly
that the society is not responsible
for his continued health or safety.
In the Green Room everybody is
wandering around, talking about a
certain old gentleman whom they
call Great-grandfather Marquis, but
no one seems to be taking the part
of (he poor ancient. Should you in
quire of Lonyth Spenker, the direc
tor, if Ted Marcuse is playing the
role, she will tell you Marcuse is
playing his son. And that is all you
can get out of her on the subject.
Opening the door into the Little
Theater stage, you may be surprised
to find two young people enthusias
tically necking on the couch, while
Betsy Durkee placidly knits and Di
rector Bob Libott sucks at his pipe.
No one seems to think this is very
strange, so in a last valiant attempt
to regain sanity you run, not walk,
to the Ram's Head Room.
But you run out just as fast, for
Bill Weeks is pulling a knife on
Lionel Walford, and no one, not
even Lyle Mayer, who is directing,
seems to care about stopping the
murder.
But to quiet all fears, be reas
sured that these harrowing scenes
only mean that "Great-Grandfather
Marquis," "Harvest Time," and "And
Then the Dusk," the winning Ram's
Head One-Acts, are getting whipped
into shape for presentation next Fri
day and Saturday nights at 8 p.m. in
the Little Theater.
In case any innocent passer-by
should chance to wander into Me
morial Hall any night this week,
Ram's Head wishes to state publicly
that the society is not responsible
for his continued health or safety.
In the Green Room everybody is
wandering around, talking about a
certain old gentleman whom they
call Great-grandfather Marquis, but
no one seems to be taking the part
of (he poor ancient. Should you in
quire of Lonyth Spenker, the direc
tor, if Ted Marcuse is playing the
role, she will tell you Marcuse is
playing his son. And that is all you
can get out of her on the subject.
Opening the door into the Little
Theater stage, you may be surprised
to find two young people enthusias
tically necking on the couch, while
Betsy Durkee placidly knits and Di
rector Bob Libott sucks at his pipe.
No one seems to think this is very
strange, so in a last valiant attempt
to regain sanity you run, not walk,
to the Ram's Head Room.
But you run out just as fast, for
Bill Weeks is pulling a knife on
Lionel Walford, and no one, not
even Lyle Mayer, who is directing,
seems to care about stopping the
murder.
But to quiet all fears, be reas
sured that these harrowing scenes
only mean that "Great-Grandfather
Marquis," "Harvest Time," and "And
Then the Dusk," the winning Ram's
Head One-Acts, are getting whipped
into shape for presentation next Fri
day and Saturday nights at 8 p.m. in
the Little Theater.
In case any innocent passer-by
should chance to wander into Me
morial Hall any night this week,
Ram's Head wishes to state publicly
that the society is not responsible
for his continued health or safety.
In the Green Room everybody is
wandering around, talking about a
certain old gentleman whom they
call Great-grandfather Marquis, but
no one seems to be taking the part
of (he poor ancient. Should you in
quire of Lonyth Spenker, the direc
tor, if Ted Marcuse is playing the
role, she will tell you Marcuse is
playing his son. And that is all you
can get out of her on the subject.
Opening the door into the Little
Theater stage, you may be surprised
to find two young people enthusias
tically necking on the couch, while
Betsy Durkee placidly knits and Di
rector Bob Libott sucks at his pipe.
No one seems to think this is very
strange, so in a last valiant attempt
to regain sanity you run, not walk,
to the Ram's Head Room.
But you run out just as fast, for
Bill Weeks is pulling a knife on
Lionel Walford, and no one, not
even Lyle Mayer, who is directing,
seems to care about stopping the
murder.
But to quiet all fears, be reas
sured that these harrowing scenes
only mean that "Great-Grandfather
Marquis," "Harvest Time," and "And
Then the Dusk," the winning Ram's
Head One-Acts, are getting whipped
into shape for presentation next Fri
day and Saturday nights at 8 p.m. in
the Little Theater.
In case any innocent passer-by
should chance to wander into Me
morial Hall any night this week,
Ram's Head wishes to state publicly
that the society is not responsible
for his continued health or safety.
In the Green Room everybody is
wandering around, talking about a
certain old gentleman whom they
call Great-grandfather Marquis, but
no one seems to be taking the part
of (he poor ancient. Should you in
quire of Lonyth Spenker, the direc
tor, if Ted Marcuse is playing the
role, she will tell you Marcuse is
playing his son. And that is all you
can get out of her on the subject.
Opening the door into the Little
Theater stage, you may be surprised
to find two young people enthusias
tically necking on the couch, while
Betsy Durkee placidly knits and Di
rector Bob Libott sucks at his pipe.
No one seems to think this is very
strange, so in a last valiant attempt
to regain sanity you run, not walk,
to the Ram's Head Room.
But you run out just as fast, for
Bill Weeks is pulling a knife on
Lionel Walford, and no one, not
even Lyle Mayer, who is directing,
seems to care about stopping the
murder.
But to quiet all fears, be reas
sured that these harrowing scenes
only mean that "Great-Grandfather
Marquis," "Harvest Time," and "And
Then the Dusk," the winning Ram's
Head One-Acts, are getting whipped
into shape for presentation next Fri
day and Saturday nights at 8 p.m. in
the Little Theater.
In case any innocent passer-by
should chance to wander into Me
morial Hall any night this week,
Ram's Head wishes to state publicly
that the society is not responsible
for his continued health or safety.
In the Green Room everybody is
wandering around, talking about a
certain old gentleman whom they
call Great-grandfather Marquis, but
no one seems to be taking the part
of (he poor ancient. Should you in
quire of Lonyth Spenker, the direc
tor, if Ted Marcuse is playing the
role, she will tell you Marcuse is
playing his son. And that is all you
can get out of her on the subject.
Opening the door into the Little
Theater stage, you may be surprised
to find two young people enthusias
tically necking on the couch, while
Betsy Durkee placidly knits and Di
rector Bob Libott sucks at his pipe.
No one seems to think this is very
strange, so in a last valiant attempt
to regain sanity you run, not walk,
to the Ram's Head Room.
But you run out just as fast, for
Bill Weeks is pulling a knife on
Lionel Walford, and no one, not
even Lyle Mayer, who is directing,
seems to care about stopping the
murder.
But to quiet all fears, be reas
sured that these harrowing scenes
only mean that "Great-Grandfather
Marquis," "Harvest Time," and "And
Then the Dusk," the winning Ram's
Head One-Acts, are getting whipped
into shape for presentation next Fri
day and Saturday nights at 8 p.m. in
the Little Theater.
In case any innocent passer-by
should chance to wander into Me
morial Hall any night this week,
Ram's Head wishes to state publicly
that the society is not responsible
for his continued health or safety.
In the Green Room everybody is
wandering around, talking about a
certain old gentleman whom they
call Great-grandfather Marquis, but
no one seems to be taking the part
of (he poor ancient. Should you in
quire of Lonyth Spenker, the direc
tor, if Ted Marcuse is playing the
role, she will tell you Marcuse is
playing his son. And that is all you
can get out of her on the subject.
Opening the door into the Little
Theater stage, you may be surprised
to find two young people enthusias
tically necking on the couch, while
Betsy Durkee placidly knits and Di
rector Bob Libott sucks at his pipe.
No one seems to think this is very
strange, so in a last valiant attempt
to regain sanity you run, not walk,
to the Ram's Head Room.
But you run out just as fast, for
Bill Weeks is pulling a knife on
Lionel Walford, and no one, not
even Lyle Mayer, who is directing,
seems to care about stopping the
murder.
But to quiet all fears, be reas
sured that these harrowing scenes
only mean that "Great-Grandfather
Marquis," "Harvest Time," and "And
Then the Dusk," the winning Ram's
Head One-Acts, are getting whipped
into shape for presentation next Fri
day and Saturday nights at 8 p.m. in
the Little Theater.
In case any innocent passer-by
should chance to wander into Me
morial Hall any night this week,
Ram's Head wishes to state publicly
that the society is not responsible
for his continued health or safety.
In the Green Room everybody is
wandering around, talking about a
certain old gentleman whom they
call Great-grandfather Marquis, but
no one seems to be taking the part
of (he poor ancient. Should you in
quire of Lonyth Spenker, the direc
tor, if Ted Marcuse is playing the
role, she will tell you Marcuse is
playing his son. And that is all you
can get out of her on the subject.
Opening the door into the Little
Theater stage, you may be surprised
to find two young people enthusias
tically necking on the couch, while
Betsy Durkee placidly knits and Di
rector Bob Libott sucks at his pipe.
No one seems to think this is very
strange, so in a last valiant attempt
to regain sanity you run, not walk,
to the Ram's Head Room.
But you run out just as fast, for
Bill Weeks is pulling a knife on
Lionel Walford, and no one, not
even Lyle Mayer, who is directing,
seems to care about stopping the
murder.
But to quiet all fears, be reas
sured that these harrowing scenes
only mean that "Great-Grandfather
Marquis," "Harvest Time," and "And
Then the Dusk," the winning Ram's
Head One-Acts, are getting whipped
into shape for presentation next Fri
day and Saturday nights at 8 p.m. in
the Little Theater.
In case any innocent passer-by
should chance to wander into Me
morial Hall any night this week,
Ram's Head wishes to state publicly
that the society is not responsible
for his continued health or safety.
In the Green Room everybody is
wandering around, talking about a
certain old gentleman whom they
call Great-grandfather Marquis, but
no one seems to be taking the part
of (he poor ancient. Should you in
quire of Lonyth Spenker, the direc
tor, if Ted Marcuse is playing the
role, she will tell you Marcuse is
playing his son. And that is all you
can get out of her on the subject.
Opening the door into the Little
Theater stage, you may be surprised
to find two young people enthusias
tically necking on the couch, while
Betsy Durkee placidly knits and Di
rector Bob Libott sucks at his pipe.
No one seems to think this is very
strange, so in a last valiant attempt
to regain sanity you run, not walk,
to the Ram's Head Room.
But you run out just as fast, for
Bill Weeks is pulling a knife on
Lionel Walford, and no one, not
even Lyle Mayer, who is directing,
seems to care about stopping the
murder.
But to quiet all fears, be reas
sured that these harrowing scenes
only mean that "Great-Grandfather
Marquis," "Harvest Time," and "And
Then the Dusk," the winning Ram's
Head One-Acts, are getting whipped
into shape for presentation next Fri
day and Saturday nights at 8 p.m. in
the Little Theater.
In case any innocent passer-by
should chance to wander into Me
morial Hall any night this week,
Ram's Head wishes to state publicly
that the society is not responsible
for his continued health or safety.
In the Green Room everybody is
wandering around, talking about a
certain old gentleman whom they
call Great-grandfather Marquis, but
no one seems to be taking the part
of (he poor ancient. Should you in
quire of Lonyth Spenker, the direc
tor, if Ted Marcuse is playing the
role, she will tell you Marcuse is
playing his son. And that is all you
can get out of her on the subject.
Opening the door into the Little
Theater stage, you may be surprised
to find two young people enthusias
tically necking on the couch, while
Betsy Durkee placidly knits and Di
rector Bob Libott sucks at his pipe.
No one seems to think this is very
strange, so in a last valiant attempt
to regain sanity you run, not walk,
to the Ram's Head Room.
But you run out just as fast, for
Bill Weeks is pulling a knife on
Lionel Walford, and no one, not
even Lyle Mayer, who is directing,
seems to care about stopping the
murder.
But to quiet all fears, be reas
sured that these harrowing scenes
only mean that "Great-Grandfather
Marquis," "Harvest Time," and "And
Then the Dusk," the winning Ram's
Head One-Acts, are getting whipped
into shape for presentation next Fri
day and Saturday nights at 8 p.m. in
the Little Theater.
In case any innocent passer-by
should chance to wander into Me
morial Hall any night this week,
Ram's Head wishes to state publicly
that the society is not responsible
for his continued health or safety.
In the Green Room everybody is
wandering around, talking about a
certain old gentleman whom they
call Great-grandfather Marquis, but
no one seems to be taking the part
of (he poor ancient. Should you in
quire of Lonyth Spenker, the direc
tor, if Ted Marcuse is playing the
role, she will tell you Marcuse is
playing his son. And that is all you
can get out of her on the subject.
Opening the door into the Little
Theater stage, you may be surprised
to find two young people enthusias
tically necking on the couch, while
Betsy Durkee placidly knits and Di
rector Bob Libott sucks at his pipe.
No one seems to think this is very
strange, so in a last valiant attempt
to regain sanity you run, not walk,
to the Ram's Head Room.
But you run out just as fast, for
Bill Weeks is pulling a knife on
Lionel Walford, and no one, not
even Lyle Mayer, who is directing,
seems to care about stopping the
murder.
But to quiet all fears, be reas
sured that these harrowing scenes
only mean that "Great-Grandfather
Marquis," "Harvest Time," and "And
Then the Dusk," the winning Ram's
Head One-Acts, are getting whipped
into shape for presentation next Fri
day and Saturday nights at 8 p.m. in
the Little Theater.
In case any innocent passer-by
should chance to wander into Me
morial Hall any night this week,
Ram's Head wishes to state publicly
that the society is not responsible
for his continued health or safety.
In the Green Room everybody is
wandering around, talking about a
certain old gentleman whom they
call Great-grandfather Marquis, but
no one seems to be taking the part
of (he poor ancient. Should you in
quire of Lonyth Spenker, the direc
tor, if Ted Marcuse is playing the
role, she will tell you Marcuse is
playing his son. And that is all you
can get out of her on the subject.
Opening the door into the Little
Theater stage, you may be surprised
to find two young people enthusias
tically necking on the couch, while
Betsy Durkee placidly knits and Di
rector Bob Libott sucks at his pipe.
No one seems to think this is very
strange, so in a last valiant attempt
to regain sanity you run, not walk,
to the Ram's Head Room.
But you run out just as fast, for
Bill Weeks is pulling a knife on
Lionel Walford, and no one, not
even Lyle Mayer, who is directing,
seems to care about stopping the
murder.
But to quiet all fears, be reas
sured that these harrowing scenes
only mean that "Great-Grandfather
Marquis," "Harvest Time," and "And
Then the Dusk," the winning Ram's
Head One-Acts, are getting whipped
into shape for presentation next Fri
day and Saturday nights at 8 p.m. in
the Little Theater.
In case any innocent passer-by
should chance to wander into Me
morial Hall any night this week,
Ram's Head wishes to state publicly
that the society is not responsible
for his continued health or safety.
In the Green Room everybody is
wandering around, talking about a
certain old gentleman whom they
call Great-grandfather Marquis, but
no one seems to be taking the part
of (he poor ancient. Should you in
quire of Lonyth Spenker, the direc
tor, if Ted Marcuse is playing the
role, she will tell you Marcuse is
playing his son. And that is all you
can get out of her on the subject.
Opening the door into the Little
Theater stage, you may be surprised
to find two young people enthusias
tically necking on the couch, while
Betsy Durkee placidly knits and Di
rector Bob Libott sucks at his pipe.
No one seems to think this is very
strange, so in a last valiant attempt
to regain sanity you run, not walk,
to the Ram's Head Room.
But you run out just as fast, for
Bill Weeks is pulling a knife on
Lionel Walford, and no one, not
even Lyle Mayer, who is directing,
seems to care about stopping the
murder.
But to quiet all fears, be reas
sured that these harrowing scenes
only mean that "Great-Grandfather
Marquis," "Harvest Time," and "And
Then the Dusk," the winning Ram's
Head One-Acts, are getting whipped
into shape for presentation next Fri
day and Saturday nights at 8 p.m. in
the Little Theater.
