# PHI DELT PLEDGES
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Lynn Forbes
to Phi Delta Theta.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Lynn Forbes
to Phi Delta Theta.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Lynn Forbes
to Phi Delta Theta.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Lynn Forbes
to Phi Delta Theta.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Lynn Forbes
to Phi Delta Theta.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Lynn Forbes
to Phi Delta Theta.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Lynn Forbes
to Phi Delta Theta.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Lynn Forbes
to Phi Delta Theta.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Lynn Forbes
to Phi Delta Theta.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Lynn Forbes
to Phi Delta Theta.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Lynn Forbes
to Phi Delta Theta.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Lynn Forbes
to Phi Delta Theta.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Lynn Forbes
to Phi Delta Theta.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Lynn Forbes
to Phi Delta Theta.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Lynn Forbes
to Phi Delta Theta.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Lynn Forbes
to Phi Delta Theta.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Lynn Forbes
to Phi Delta Theta.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Lynn Forbes
to Phi Delta Theta.
