# Club Will Sponsor Student Discussion
## 
### 
At 2 p.m. on Feb. 17, the Mothers'
Club of Stanford University will
spohsor a student program in the
Women's Clubhouse under the di
rectio nof Mrs. Hugh Jackson. Pre
lection of Mrs. Hugh Jackson. Pre
no-host luncheon in the Union din
ing room, and the Chi Omega Moth
ers will be tea hostesses following
the meeting.
Topics to be discussed are the
following: "History of Student
Government at Stanford" (speaker
to be announced); "Responsibilities
and Operation of Student Govern
ment, w by George Jackson; "Wom
en's Share in Student Government,"
by Irrna Jean Hannibal; and "Stu
dent Participation in Civilian De
fense," by Stanley Owen, student
co-ordinator.
