# War in Brief
## 
### 
As the main salient of Japan's
all-out offensive in the South Pa
cific closed in on Singapore last
night, increased Jap pressure in
tin; Philippines, Burma and the
Netherlands East Indies was also
apparent.
London reported that British
troops have withdrawn from Mar
tahan, southern anchor point in
the Salween River defense line in
Burma.
Although General Mat-Arthur
was able to report local suc
cesses on the Bataan Peninsula,
United Press described the situa
tion there as "the most critical of
the war."
In the East Indies theater, the
Japs evidently have gained com
plete control of Macassar Straits
between Borneo and the Celebes.
This gives them an added advan
tage in their drive on Java.
The 12th Naval District head
quarters in San Francisco re
ported that a United States de
stroyer on convoy duty in the Pa
cific has sunk three Jap subma
rines since the war began.
A report from Berlin via Buenos
Aires claims that the Nazis are en
circling wedges which the Soviets
have driven into their lines, and
that "battles of annihilation are
'mniinent."
In the Lybian theater, the 011-
rushing army of Gcrmcn General
Erwin Itommel is Hearing Tohrilk,
where a great battle is imminent.
Mayor I iorello l.aGuardia of
New York yesterday resigned as
head of (be Office of Civilian De
fense, and President Roosevelt
announced that James M. l.andis.
former dean of the Harvard l.aw
School, would take his place.
