# Eliel to Investigate S.F. Hotel Strike
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10 (UP).
Professor Paul Eliel, of Stanford
University, lias been appointed
special investigator for the Na
tional War Labor Board in the
San Francisco hotel strike, it was
announced today.
The dispute involves about 2,500
workers who have been striking
since Aug. 30, 1941. Professor
Eliel was authorized to conduct
such hearings he deems advisable
and upon completion of his in
vestigation will make a report.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10 (UP).
Professor Paul Eliel, of Stanford
University, lias been appointed
special investigator for the Na
tional War Labor Board in the
San Francisco hotel strike, it was
announced today.
The dispute involves about 2,500
workers who have been striking
since Aug. 30, 1941. Professor
Eliel was authorized to conduct
such hearings he deems advisable
and upon completion of his in
vestigation will make a report.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10 (UP).
Professor Paul Eliel, of Stanford
University, lias been appointed
special investigator for the Na
tional War Labor Board in the
San Francisco hotel strike, it was
announced today.
The dispute involves about 2,500
workers who have been striking
since Aug. 30, 1941. Professor
Eliel was authorized to conduct
such hearings he deems advisable
and upon completion of his in
vestigation will make a report.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10 (UP).
Professor Paul Eliel, of Stanford
University, lias been appointed
special investigator for the Na
tional War Labor Board in the
San Francisco hotel strike, it was
announced today.
The dispute involves about 2,500
workers who have been striking
since Aug. 30, 1941. Professor
Eliel was authorized to conduct
such hearings he deems advisable
and upon completion of his in
vestigation will make a report.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10 (UP).
Professor Paul Eliel, of Stanford
University, lias been appointed
special investigator for the Na
tional War Labor Board in the
San Francisco hotel strike, it was
announced today.
The dispute involves about 2,500
workers who have been striking
since Aug. 30, 1941. Professor
Eliel was authorized to conduct
such hearings he deems advisable
and upon completion of his in
vestigation will make a report.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10 (UP).
Professor Paul Eliel, of Stanford
University, lias been appointed
special investigator for the Na
tional War Labor Board in the
San Francisco hotel strike, it was
announced today.
The dispute involves about 2,500
workers who have been striking
since Aug. 30, 1941. Professor
Eliel was authorized to conduct
such hearings he deems advisable
and upon completion of his in
vestigation will make a report.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10 (UP).
Professor Paul Eliel, of Stanford
University, lias been appointed
special investigator for the Na
tional War Labor Board in the
San Francisco hotel strike, it was
announced today.
The dispute involves about 2,500
workers who have been striking
since Aug. 30, 1941. Professor
Eliel was authorized to conduct
such hearings he deems advisable
and upon completion of his in
vestigation will make a report.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10 (UP).
Professor Paul Eliel, of Stanford
University, lias been appointed
special investigator for the Na
tional War Labor Board in the
San Francisco hotel strike, it was
announced today.
The dispute involves about 2,500
workers who have been striking
since Aug. 30, 1941. Professor
Eliel was authorized to conduct
such hearings he deems advisable
and upon completion of his in
vestigation will make a report.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10 (UP).
Professor Paul Eliel, of Stanford
University, lias been appointed
special investigator for the Na
tional War Labor Board in the
San Francisco hotel strike, it was
announced today.
The dispute involves about 2,500
workers who have been striking
since Aug. 30, 1941. Professor
Eliel was authorized to conduct
such hearings he deems advisable
and upon completion of his in
vestigation will make a report.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10 (UP).
Professor Paul Eliel, of Stanford
University, lias been appointed
special investigator for the Na
tional War Labor Board in the
San Francisco hotel strike, it was
announced today.
The dispute involves about 2,500
workers who have been striking
since Aug. 30, 1941. Professor
Eliel was authorized to conduct
such hearings he deems advisable
and upon completion of his in
vestigation will make a report.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10 (UP).
Professor Paul Eliel, of Stanford
University, lias been appointed
special investigator for the Na
tional War Labor Board in the
San Francisco hotel strike, it was
announced today.
The dispute involves about 2,500
workers who have been striking
since Aug. 30, 1941. Professor
Eliel was authorized to conduct
such hearings he deems advisable
and upon completion of his in
vestigation will make a report.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10 (UP).
Professor Paul Eliel, of Stanford
University, lias been appointed
special investigator for the Na
tional War Labor Board in the
San Francisco hotel strike, it was
announced today.
The dispute involves about 2,500
workers who have been striking
since Aug. 30, 1941. Professor
Eliel was authorized to conduct
such hearings he deems advisable
and upon completion of his in
vestigation will make a report.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10 (UP).
Professor Paul Eliel, of Stanford
University, lias been appointed
special investigator for the Na
tional War Labor Board in the
San Francisco hotel strike, it was
announced today.
The dispute involves about 2,500
workers who have been striking
since Aug. 30, 1941. Professor
Eliel was authorized to conduct
such hearings he deems advisable
and upon completion of his in
vestigation will make a report.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10 (UP).
Professor Paul Eliel, of Stanford
University, lias been appointed
special investigator for the Na
tional War Labor Board in the
San Francisco hotel strike, it was
announced today.
The dispute involves about 2,500
workers who have been striking
since Aug. 30, 1941. Professor
Eliel was authorized to conduct
such hearings he deems advisable
and upon completion of his in
vestigation will make a report.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10 (UP).
Professor Paul Eliel, of Stanford
University, lias been appointed
special investigator for the Na
tional War Labor Board in the
San Francisco hotel strike, it was
announced today.
The dispute involves about 2,500
workers who have been striking
since Aug. 30, 1941. Professor
Eliel was authorized to conduct
such hearings he deems advisable
and upon completion of his in
vestigation will make a report.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10 (UP).
Professor Paul Eliel, of Stanford
University, lias been appointed
special investigator for the Na
tional War Labor Board in the
San Francisco hotel strike, it was
announced today.
The dispute involves about 2,500
workers who have been striking
since Aug. 30, 1941. Professor
Eliel was authorized to conduct
such hearings he deems advisable
and upon completion of his in
vestigation will make a report.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10 (UP).
Professor Paul Eliel, of Stanford
University, lias been appointed
special investigator for the Na
tional War Labor Board in the
San Francisco hotel strike, it was
announced today.
The dispute involves about 2,500
workers who have been striking
since Aug. 30, 1941. Professor
Eliel was authorized to conduct
such hearings he deems advisable
and upon completion of his in
vestigation will make a report.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10 (UP).
Professor Paul Eliel, of Stanford
University, lias been appointed
special investigator for the Na
tional War Labor Board in the
San Francisco hotel strike, it was
announced today.
The dispute involves about 2,500
workers who have been striking
since Aug. 30, 1941. Professor
Eliel was authorized to conduct
such hearings he deems advisable
and upon completion of his in
vestigation will make a report.
