# INDIANA GUN BATTLE
## 
### 
HAMMOND, Ind., Oct. 9. (/T>)—One
policeman and one bandit suspect
were killed in a gun battle today.
HAMMOND, Ind., Oct. 9. (/T>)—One
policeman and one bandit suspect
were killed in a gun battle today.
HAMMOND, Ind., Oct. 9. (/T>)—One
policeman and one bandit suspect
were killed in a gun battle today.
HAMMOND, Ind., Oct. 9. (/T>)—One
policeman and one bandit suspect
were killed in a gun battle today.
HAMMOND, Ind., Oct. 9. (/T>)—One
policeman and one bandit suspect
were killed in a gun battle today.
HAMMOND, Ind., Oct. 9. (/T>)—One
policeman and one bandit suspect
were killed in a gun battle today.
HAMMOND, Ind., Oct. 9. (/T>)—One
policeman and one bandit suspect
were killed in a gun battle today.
HAMMOND, Ind., Oct. 9. (/T>)—One
policeman and one bandit suspect
were killed in a gun battle today.
HAMMOND, Ind., Oct. 9. (/T>)—One
policeman and one bandit suspect
were killed in a gun battle today.
HAMMOND, Ind., Oct. 9. (/T>)—One
policeman and one bandit suspect
were killed in a gun battle today.
HAMMOND, Ind., Oct. 9. (/T>)—One
policeman and one bandit suspect
were killed in a gun battle today.
HAMMOND, Ind., Oct. 9. (/T>)—One
policeman and one bandit suspect
were killed in a gun battle today.
HAMMOND, Ind., Oct. 9. (/T>)—One
policeman and one bandit suspect
were killed in a gun battle today.
HAMMOND, Ind., Oct. 9. (/T>)—One
policeman and one bandit suspect
were killed in a gun battle today.
HAMMOND, Ind., Oct. 9. (/T>)—One
policeman and one bandit suspect
were killed in a gun battle today.
HAMMOND, Ind., Oct. 9. (/T>)—One
policeman and one bandit suspect
were killed in a gun battle today.
HAMMOND, Ind., Oct. 9. (/T>)—One
policeman and one bandit suspect
were killed in a gun battle today.
