# More Sophomores Needed For Quad Editorial Staff
## 
### 
More sophomore tryoutees for edi
torial positions on the 1932 Quad are
needed, according to Stanley Milne,
editor of this year's book. Men and
women starting now will have equal
opportunities with those who reported
earlier in the quarter. Work this year
will consist in compiling the 1929
Quad.
In the spring, editor, women's edi
tor, and photographic editor will be
chosen from the group of sophomore
tryoutees. Each of these positions
draws a salary.
More sophomore tryoutees for edi
torial positions on the 1932 Quad are
needed, according to Stanley Milne,
editor of this year's book. Men and
women starting now will have equal
opportunities with those who reported
earlier in the quarter. Work this year
will consist in compiling the 1929
Quad.
In the spring, editor, women's edi
tor, and photographic editor will be
chosen from the group of sophomore
tryoutees. Each of these positions
draws a salary.
More sophomore tryoutees for edi
torial positions on the 1932 Quad are
needed, according to Stanley Milne,
editor of this year's book. Men and
women starting now will have equal
opportunities with those who reported
earlier in the quarter. Work this year
will consist in compiling the 1929
Quad.
In the spring, editor, women's edi
tor, and photographic editor will be
chosen from the group of sophomore
tryoutees. Each of these positions
draws a salary.
More sophomore tryoutees for edi
torial positions on the 1932 Quad are
needed, according to Stanley Milne,
editor of this year's book. Men and
women starting now will have equal
opportunities with those who reported
earlier in the quarter. Work this year
will consist in compiling the 1929
Quad.
In the spring, editor, women's edi
tor, and photographic editor will be
chosen from the group of sophomore
tryoutees. Each of these positions
draws a salary.
More sophomore tryoutees for edi
torial positions on the 1932 Quad are
needed, according to Stanley Milne,
editor of this year's book. Men and
women starting now will have equal
opportunities with those who reported
earlier in the quarter. Work this year
will consist in compiling the 1929
Quad.
In the spring, editor, women's edi
tor, and photographic editor will be
chosen from the group of sophomore
tryoutees. Each of these positions
draws a salary.
More sophomore tryoutees for edi
torial positions on the 1932 Quad are
needed, according to Stanley Milne,
editor of this year's book. Men and
women starting now will have equal
opportunities with those who reported
earlier in the quarter. Work this year
will consist in compiling the 1929
Quad.
In the spring, editor, women's edi
tor, and photographic editor will be
chosen from the group of sophomore
tryoutees. Each of these positions
draws a salary.
More sophomore tryoutees for edi
torial positions on the 1932 Quad are
needed, according to Stanley Milne,
editor of this year's book. Men and
women starting now will have equal
opportunities with those who reported
earlier in the quarter. Work this year
will consist in compiling the 1929
Quad.
In the spring, editor, women's edi
tor, and photographic editor will be
chosen from the group of sophomore
tryoutees. Each of these positions
draws a salary.
More sophomore tryoutees for edi
torial positions on the 1932 Quad are
needed, according to Stanley Milne,
editor of this year's book. Men and
women starting now will have equal
opportunities with those who reported
earlier in the quarter. Work this year
will consist in compiling the 1929
Quad.
In the spring, editor, women's edi
tor, and photographic editor will be
chosen from the group of sophomore
tryoutees. Each of these positions
draws a salary.
More sophomore tryoutees for edi
torial positions on the 1932 Quad are
needed, according to Stanley Milne,
editor of this year's book. Men and
women starting now will have equal
opportunities with those who reported
earlier in the quarter. Work this year
will consist in compiling the 1929
Quad.
In the spring, editor, women's edi
tor, and photographic editor will be
chosen from the group of sophomore
tryoutees. Each of these positions
draws a salary.
More sophomore tryoutees for edi
torial positions on the 1932 Quad are
needed, according to Stanley Milne,
editor of this year's book. Men and
women starting now will have equal
opportunities with those who reported
earlier in the quarter. Work this year
will consist in compiling the 1929
Quad.
In the spring, editor, women's edi
tor, and photographic editor will be
chosen from the group of sophomore
tryoutees. Each of these positions
draws a salary.
More sophomore tryoutees for edi
torial positions on the 1932 Quad are
needed, according to Stanley Milne,
editor of this year's book. Men and
women starting now will have equal
opportunities with those who reported
earlier in the quarter. Work this year
will consist in compiling the 1929
Quad.
In the spring, editor, women's edi
tor, and photographic editor will be
chosen from the group of sophomore
tryoutees. Each of these positions
draws a salary.
More sophomore tryoutees for edi
torial positions on the 1932 Quad are
needed, according to Stanley Milne,
editor of this year's book. Men and
women starting now will have equal
opportunities with those who reported
earlier in the quarter. Work this year
will consist in compiling the 1929
Quad.
In the spring, editor, women's edi
tor, and photographic editor will be
chosen from the group of sophomore
tryoutees. Each of these positions
draws a salary.
More sophomore tryoutees for edi
torial positions on the 1932 Quad are
needed, according to Stanley Milne,
editor of this year's book. Men and
women starting now will have equal
opportunities with those who reported
earlier in the quarter. Work this year
will consist in compiling the 1929
Quad.
In the spring, editor, women's edi
tor, and photographic editor will be
chosen from the group of sophomore
tryoutees. Each of these positions
draws a salary.
More sophomore tryoutees for edi
torial positions on the 1932 Quad are
needed, according to Stanley Milne,
editor of this year's book. Men and
women starting now will have equal
opportunities with those who reported
earlier in the quarter. Work this year
will consist in compiling the 1929
Quad.
In the spring, editor, women's edi
tor, and photographic editor will be
chosen from the group of sophomore
tryoutees. Each of these positions
draws a salary.
More sophomore tryoutees for edi
torial positions on the 1932 Quad are
needed, according to Stanley Milne,
editor of this year's book. Men and
women starting now will have equal
opportunities with those who reported
earlier in the quarter. Work this year
will consist in compiling the 1929
Quad.
In the spring, editor, women's edi
tor, and photographic editor will be
chosen from the group of sophomore
tryoutees. Each of these positions
draws a salary.
More sophomore tryoutees for edi
torial positions on the 1932 Quad are
needed, according to Stanley Milne,
editor of this year's book. Men and
women starting now will have equal
opportunities with those who reported
earlier in the quarter. Work this year
will consist in compiling the 1929
Quad.
In the spring, editor, women's edi
tor, and photographic editor will be
chosen from the group of sophomore
tryoutees. Each of these positions
draws a salary.
More sophomore tryoutees for edi
torial positions on the 1932 Quad are
needed, according to Stanley Milne,
editor of this year's book. Men and
women starting now will have equal
opportunities with those who reported
earlier in the quarter. Work this year
will consist in compiling the 1929
Quad.
In the spring, editor, women's edi
tor, and photographic editor will be
chosen from the group of sophomore
tryoutees. Each of these positions
draws a salary.
