# ERNEST DIMNET HEADS LIST OF LECTURERS ON PUBLIC EXERCISE PROGRAM FOR QUARTER
## 
### 
Lectures at Stanford University this
fall will have a strong tendency to
ward internationalism, as is evidenced
by the number of Europeans and trav
elers who appear on the Committee
of Public Exercise's program for the
current quarter.
Heading a list of distinguished for
eigners is Abb 6 Ernest Dimnet, tho
French philosopher, who returns to
Stanford October 27 to speak on the
subject of his newest book, "The Art
of Thinking." On October 29 and 30
the Abb 6 will discuss two of the mod
ern French poets. Dimnet has long
been renowned as the interpreter of
French culture to the English-speak
ing public.
George Young, brilliant British dip
lomat and journalist, opens tho lec
ture series when he appears October
15, 16, nad 17. Young will speak on
post-war European political develop
ments.
A young globe-trotter and a Univer
sity of Washington graduate, Ellery

"Walter, author of "The World on One
Leg," will speak of his experiences
November 11. Walter lost a foot as a
result of an infection contracted in a
rowing shell, and later made his way
around the world. His story promises
to he one of striking courage and ad
venturous spirit.
Rev. Louis C. Cornish, a Stanford
graduate, will preach in the Memorial
Church two Sundays in November.
Rev. Cornish is an authority on the
treatment of minorities in the Balk
ans and will preach on this subject.
Others who will appear include an
other Frenchman, Marcel Dupr6, tho
organist; and Professor Charles K.
Webster of the political science de
partment at the University of Wales.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 8. (/P)â€”'The
Comptroller of the Currency today is
sued a call for the condition of all
National Banks at the close of busi
ness on Friday, October 4.
