# Meeting For Grads Tonite
## 
### 
An important meeting of the
Graduate Student Association
will be held tonight at 7:30 in
Tresidder, room 267. It is neces
sary that every department send
a graduate student representa
tive.
An important meeting of the
Graduate Student Association
will be held tonight at 7:30 in
Tresidder, room 267. It is neces
sary that every department send
a graduate student representa
tive.
An important meeting of the
Graduate Student Association
will be held tonight at 7:30 in
Tresidder, room 267. It is neces
sary that every department send
a graduate student representa
tive.
An important meeting of the
Graduate Student Association
will be held tonight at 7:30 in
Tresidder, room 267. It is neces
sary that every department send
a graduate student representa
tive.
An important meeting of the
Graduate Student Association
will be held tonight at 7:30 in
Tresidder, room 267. It is neces
sary that every department send
a graduate student representa
tive.
An important meeting of the
Graduate Student Association
will be held tonight at 7:30 in
Tresidder, room 267. It is neces
sary that every department send
a graduate student representa
tive.
An important meeting of the
Graduate Student Association
will be held tonight at 7:30 in
Tresidder, room 267. It is neces
sary that every department send
a graduate student representa
tive.
An important meeting of the
Graduate Student Association
will be held tonight at 7:30 in
Tresidder, room 267. It is neces
sary that every department send
a graduate student representa
tive.
An important meeting of the
Graduate Student Association
will be held tonight at 7:30 in
Tresidder, room 267. It is neces
sary that every department send
a graduate student representa
tive.
An important meeting of the
Graduate Student Association
will be held tonight at 7:30 in
Tresidder, room 267. It is neces
sary that every department send
a graduate student representa
tive.
An important meeting of the
Graduate Student Association
will be held tonight at 7:30 in
Tresidder, room 267. It is neces
sary that every department send
a graduate student representa
tive.
An important meeting of the
Graduate Student Association
will be held tonight at 7:30 in
Tresidder, room 267. It is neces
sary that every department send
a graduate student representa
tive.
An important meeting of the
Graduate Student Association
will be held tonight at 7:30 in
Tresidder, room 267. It is neces
sary that every department send
a graduate student representa
tive.
An important meeting of the
Graduate Student Association
will be held tonight at 7:30 in
Tresidder, room 267. It is neces
sary that every department send
a graduate student representa
tive.
An important meeting of the
Graduate Student Association
will be held tonight at 7:30 in
Tresidder, room 267. It is neces
sary that every department send
a graduate student representa
tive.
