# BASKET-BALL TOMORROW.
## R.F. West Elected Captain of Stanford ford Freshman Team That Will Meet California. 
### 
At the regular daily practice of
the basket-ball team in Encina
gymnasium last night, 11. F. West
was elected captain of the Fresh
man team which will play the Cal
ifornia freshmen tomorrow evening.
The Stanford players will go to the
city tomorrow noon and will spend
the afternoon in Berkeley. The
last practice will take place to
night, when the team will line up
againßt some swift upper-classmen.
The play of the team increases in
effectiveness with every practice,
and the supporters who accompany
the players will be certain of wit
nessing a fast game. The play is
characterized by good team work,
rather than star individual play
ing. The game will be played at
Harmon gymnasium, Berkeley, and
will be called at 8:30.
At the regular daily practice of
the basket-ball team in Encina
gymnasium last night, 11. F. West
was elected captain of the Fresh
man team which will play the Cal
ifornia freshmen tomorrow evening.
The Stanford players will go to the
city tomorrow noon and will spend
the afternoon in Berkeley. The
last practice will take place to
night, when the team will line up
againßt some swift upper-classmen.
The play of the team increases in
effectiveness with every practice,
and the supporters who accompany
the players will be certain of wit
nessing a fast game. The play is
characterized by good team work,
rather than star individual play
ing. The game will be played at
Harmon gymnasium, Berkeley, and
will be called at 8:30.
At the regular daily practice of
the basket-ball team in Encina
gymnasium last night, 11. F. West
was elected captain of the Fresh
man team which will play the Cal
ifornia freshmen tomorrow evening.
The Stanford players will go to the
city tomorrow noon and will spend
the afternoon in Berkeley. The
last practice will take place to
night, when the team will line up
againßt some swift upper-classmen.
The play of the team increases in
effectiveness with every practice,
and the supporters who accompany
the players will be certain of wit
nessing a fast game. The play is
characterized by good team work,
rather than star individual play
ing. The game will be played at
Harmon gymnasium, Berkeley, and
will be called at 8:30.
At the regular daily practice of
the basket-ball team in Encina
gymnasium last night, 11. F. West
was elected captain of the Fresh
man team which will play the Cal
ifornia freshmen tomorrow evening.
The Stanford players will go to the
city tomorrow noon and will spend
the afternoon in Berkeley. The
last practice will take place to
night, when the team will line up
againßt some swift upper-classmen.
The play of the team increases in
effectiveness with every practice,
and the supporters who accompany
the players will be certain of wit
nessing a fast game. The play is
characterized by good team work,
rather than star individual play
ing. The game will be played at
Harmon gymnasium, Berkeley, and
will be called at 8:30.
At the regular daily practice of
the basket-ball team in Encina
gymnasium last night, 11. F. West
was elected captain of the Fresh
man team which will play the Cal
ifornia freshmen tomorrow evening.
The Stanford players will go to the
city tomorrow noon and will spend
the afternoon in Berkeley. The
last practice will take place to
night, when the team will line up
againßt some swift upper-classmen.
The play of the team increases in
effectiveness with every practice,
and the supporters who accompany
the players will be certain of wit
nessing a fast game. The play is
characterized by good team work,
rather than star individual play
ing. The game will be played at
Harmon gymnasium, Berkeley, and
will be called at 8:30.
At the regular daily practice of
the basket-ball team in Encina
gymnasium last night, 11. F. West
was elected captain of the Fresh
man team which will play the Cal
ifornia freshmen tomorrow evening.
The Stanford players will go to the
city tomorrow noon and will spend
the afternoon in Berkeley. The
last practice will take place to
night, when the team will line up
againßt some swift upper-classmen.
The play of the team increases in
effectiveness with every practice,
and the supporters who accompany
the players will be certain of wit
nessing a fast game. The play is
characterized by good team work,
rather than star individual play
ing. The game will be played at
Harmon gymnasium, Berkeley, and
will be called at 8:30.
At the regular daily practice of
the basket-ball team in Encina
gymnasium last night, 11. F. West
was elected captain of the Fresh
man team which will play the Cal
ifornia freshmen tomorrow evening.
The Stanford players will go to the
city tomorrow noon and will spend
the afternoon in Berkeley. The
last practice will take place to
night, when the team will line up
againßt some swift upper-classmen.
The play of the team increases in
effectiveness with every practice,
and the supporters who accompany
the players will be certain of wit
nessing a fast game. The play is
characterized by good team work,
rather than star individual play
ing. The game will be played at
Harmon gymnasium, Berkeley, and
will be called at 8:30.
At the regular daily practice of
the basket-ball team in Encina
gymnasium last night, 11. F. West
was elected captain of the Fresh
man team which will play the Cal
ifornia freshmen tomorrow evening.
The Stanford players will go to the
city tomorrow noon and will spend
the afternoon in Berkeley. The
last practice will take place to
night, when the team will line up
againßt some swift upper-classmen.
The play of the team increases in
effectiveness with every practice,
and the supporters who accompany
the players will be certain of wit
nessing a fast game. The play is
characterized by good team work,
rather than star individual play
ing. The game will be played at
Harmon gymnasium, Berkeley, and
will be called at 8:30.
