# Untitled Article
## 
### 
English Composition.—Exami
nation in entrance 1, English, will
he held in room 61, Saturday,
December 12th at 9 a.m. This ex
amination is for matriculated
students, who, unless they are
granted special permission in
advance, will not be admitted to
the examination to be held in Jan
uary. Special attention is called
to the provisions on page thirty
five of the Register regarding de
ficiencies in entrance English.
Every regular student deficient in
entrance English should take this
examination.
English Composition.—Exami
nation in entrance 1, English, will
he held in room 61, Saturday,
December 12th at 9 a.m. This ex
amination is for matriculated
students, who, unless they are
granted special permission in
advance, will not be admitted to
the examination to be held in Jan
uary. Special attention is called
to the provisions on page thirty
five of the Register regarding de
ficiencies in entrance English.
Every regular student deficient in
entrance English should take this
examination.
English Composition.—Exami
nation in entrance 1, English, will
he held in room 61, Saturday,
December 12th at 9 a.m. This ex
amination is for matriculated
students, who, unless they are
granted special permission in
advance, will not be admitted to
the examination to be held in Jan
uary. Special attention is called
to the provisions on page thirty
five of the Register regarding de
ficiencies in entrance English.
Every regular student deficient in
entrance English should take this
examination.
English Composition.—Exami
nation in entrance 1, English, will
he held in room 61, Saturday,
December 12th at 9 a.m. This ex
amination is for matriculated
students, who, unless they are
granted special permission in
advance, will not be admitted to
the examination to be held in Jan
uary. Special attention is called
to the provisions on page thirty
five of the Register regarding de
ficiencies in entrance English.
Every regular student deficient in
entrance English should take this
examination.
English Composition.—Exami
nation in entrance 1, English, will
he held in room 61, Saturday,
December 12th at 9 a.m. This ex
amination is for matriculated
students, who, unless they are
granted special permission in
advance, will not be admitted to
the examination to be held in Jan
uary. Special attention is called
to the provisions on page thirty
five of the Register regarding de
ficiencies in entrance English.
Every regular student deficient in
entrance English should take this
examination.
English Composition.—Exami
nation in entrance 1, English, will
he held in room 61, Saturday,
December 12th at 9 a.m. This ex
amination is for matriculated
students, who, unless they are
granted special permission in
advance, will not be admitted to
the examination to be held in Jan
uary. Special attention is called
to the provisions on page thirty
five of the Register regarding de
ficiencies in entrance English.
Every regular student deficient in
entrance English should take this
examination.
English Composition.—Exami
nation in entrance 1, English, will
he held in room 61, Saturday,
December 12th at 9 a.m. This ex
amination is for matriculated
students, who, unless they are
granted special permission in
advance, will not be admitted to
the examination to be held in Jan
uary. Special attention is called
to the provisions on page thirty
five of the Register regarding de
ficiencies in entrance English.
Every regular student deficient in
entrance English should take this
examination.
English Composition.—Exami
nation in entrance 1, English, will
he held in room 61, Saturday,
December 12th at 9 a.m. This ex
amination is for matriculated
students, who, unless they are
granted special permission in
advance, will not be admitted to
the examination to be held in Jan
uary. Special attention is called
to the provisions on page thirty
five of the Register regarding de
ficiencies in entrance English.
Every regular student deficient in
entrance English should take this
examination.
