# Cloudsley Rutter Dies.
## 
### 
The death of Cloudsley Rutter,
'96, occurred in Oakland City,
Indiana, Friday, November 27th.
Death resulted from a shock caused
by the demise of his mother. Rut
ter was formerly a student in
Doane College where he took the
B. S. degree in '92, and the M. S.
degree in '95. In '96 he took the
A. B. and A. M. degrees at Stan
ford. Since graduating he has
tikenan active part in the work
of the United States Fish Commis
sion. He made a specialty of the
study of salmon. At one time he
was an assistant in charge of the
San Francisco department. This
position he resigned to become the
naturalist of the United States Fish
Commission steamer Albatross. In
this capacity he accompanied Dr.
Jordan on his expedition to Alaska
last summer.
The death of Cloudsley Rutter,
'96, occurred in Oakland City,
Indiana, Friday, November 27th.
Death resulted from a shock caused
by the demise of his mother. Rut
ter was formerly a student in
Doane College where he took the
B. S. degree in '92, and the M. S.
degree in '95. In '96 he took the
A. B. and A. M. degrees at Stan
ford. Since graduating he has
tikenan active part in the work
of the United States Fish Commis
sion. He made a specialty of the
study of salmon. At one time he
was an assistant in charge of the
San Francisco department. This
position he resigned to become the
naturalist of the United States Fish
Commission steamer Albatross. In
this capacity he accompanied Dr.
Jordan on his expedition to Alaska
last summer.
The death of Cloudsley Rutter,
'96, occurred in Oakland City,
Indiana, Friday, November 27th.
Death resulted from a shock caused
by the demise of his mother. Rut
ter was formerly a student in
Doane College where he took the
B. S. degree in '92, and the M. S.
degree in '95. In '96 he took the
A. B. and A. M. degrees at Stan
ford. Since graduating he has
tikenan active part in the work
of the United States Fish Commis
sion. He made a specialty of the
study of salmon. At one time he
was an assistant in charge of the
San Francisco department. This
position he resigned to become the
naturalist of the United States Fish
Commission steamer Albatross. In
this capacity he accompanied Dr.
Jordan on his expedition to Alaska
last summer.
The death of Cloudsley Rutter,
'96, occurred in Oakland City,
Indiana, Friday, November 27th.
Death resulted from a shock caused
by the demise of his mother. Rut
ter was formerly a student in
Doane College where he took the
B. S. degree in '92, and the M. S.
degree in '95. In '96 he took the
A. B. and A. M. degrees at Stan
ford. Since graduating he has
tikenan active part in the work
of the United States Fish Commis
sion. He made a specialty of the
study of salmon. At one time he
was an assistant in charge of the
San Francisco department. This
position he resigned to become the
naturalist of the United States Fish
Commission steamer Albatross. In
this capacity he accompanied Dr.
Jordan on his expedition to Alaska
last summer.
The death of Cloudsley Rutter,
'96, occurred in Oakland City,
Indiana, Friday, November 27th.
Death resulted from a shock caused
by the demise of his mother. Rut
ter was formerly a student in
Doane College where he took the
B. S. degree in '92, and the M. S.
degree in '95. In '96 he took the
A. B. and A. M. degrees at Stan
ford. Since graduating he has
tikenan active part in the work
of the United States Fish Commis
sion. He made a specialty of the
study of salmon. At one time he
was an assistant in charge of the
San Francisco department. This
position he resigned to become the
naturalist of the United States Fish
Commission steamer Albatross. In
this capacity he accompanied Dr.
Jordan on his expedition to Alaska
last summer.
The death of Cloudsley Rutter,
'96, occurred in Oakland City,
Indiana, Friday, November 27th.
Death resulted from a shock caused
by the demise of his mother. Rut
ter was formerly a student in
Doane College where he took the
B. S. degree in '92, and the M. S.
degree in '95. In '96 he took the
A. B. and A. M. degrees at Stan
ford. Since graduating he has
tikenan active part in the work
of the United States Fish Commis
sion. He made a specialty of the
study of salmon. At one time he
was an assistant in charge of the
San Francisco department. This
position he resigned to become the
naturalist of the United States Fish
Commission steamer Albatross. In
this capacity he accompanied Dr.
Jordan on his expedition to Alaska
last summer.
The death of Cloudsley Rutter,
'96, occurred in Oakland City,
Indiana, Friday, November 27th.
Death resulted from a shock caused
by the demise of his mother. Rut
ter was formerly a student in
Doane College where he took the
B. S. degree in '92, and the M. S.
degree in '95. In '96 he took the
A. B. and A. M. degrees at Stan
ford. Since graduating he has
tikenan active part in the work
of the United States Fish Commis
sion. He made a specialty of the
study of salmon. At one time he
was an assistant in charge of the
San Francisco department. This
position he resigned to become the
naturalist of the United States Fish
Commission steamer Albatross. In
this capacity he accompanied Dr.
Jordan on his expedition to Alaska
last summer.
The death of Cloudsley Rutter,
'96, occurred in Oakland City,
Indiana, Friday, November 27th.
Death resulted from a shock caused
by the demise of his mother. Rut
ter was formerly a student in
Doane College where he took the
B. S. degree in '92, and the M. S.
degree in '95. In '96 he took the
A. B. and A. M. degrees at Stan
ford. Since graduating he has
tikenan active part in the work
of the United States Fish Commis
sion. He made a specialty of the
study of salmon. At one time he
was an assistant in charge of the
San Francisco department. This
position he resigned to become the
naturalist of the United States Fish
Commission steamer Albatross. In
this capacity he accompanied Dr.
Jordan on his expedition to Alaska
last summer.
