# Roble Club Dance.
## 
### 
Preparations for the Roble "At
Home" tomorrow night are
nearly complete. Many novel
methods have been used in dec
orating the gymnasium.
One of these is to have Stanford
pennants strung on wires, running
at intervals acroBS the building
from side to side. The gymnasium
will illuminated by drop
lights.
The following committees have
charge of the dance: Invitation
committee, Misses Cummings,
Nowell, and Hyatt, chairman; re
freshments, Misses Nagel, Mc-
George, and Fi field, chairman;
music, Misses Beebe, O'Brien, and
Sweetman, chairman; program,
Misses Jones, Graham, and Hale,
chairman; reception, Misses Say re,
Parkhurst, Yoell, Narver, Wagner,
and Atherton, chairman; patron
esses, Misses Reeves, Dunlap, and
Richards, chairman; floor, Misses
Henry and Road; decoration,
Misses Dillon, Berry, Gundrum,
Perry, Severy, Jarman, (and Neal,
chairman.
The patronesses are Mesdames
Lathrop, Jordan, Branner, Still
man, Matzke, Duniway, Fair
clough, Blynn, and Miss Gardi
ner.
Preparations for the Roble "At
Home" tomorrow night are
nearly complete. Many novel
methods have been used in dec
orating the gymnasium.
One of these is to have Stanford
pennants strung on wires, running
at intervals acroBS the building
from side to side. The gymnasium
will illuminated by drop
lights.
The following committees have
charge of the dance: Invitation
committee, Misses Cummings,
Nowell, and Hyatt, chairman; re
freshments, Misses Nagel, Mc-
George, and Fi field, chairman;
music, Misses Beebe, O'Brien, and
Sweetman, chairman; program,
Misses Jones, Graham, and Hale,
chairman; reception, Misses Say re,
Parkhurst, Yoell, Narver, Wagner,
and Atherton, chairman; patron
esses, Misses Reeves, Dunlap, and
Richards, chairman; floor, Misses
Henry and Road; decoration,
Misses Dillon, Berry, Gundrum,
Perry, Severy, Jarman, (and Neal,
chairman.
The patronesses are Mesdames
Lathrop, Jordan, Branner, Still
man, Matzke, Duniway, Fair
clough, Blynn, and Miss Gardi
ner.
Preparations for the Roble "At
Home" tomorrow night are
nearly complete. Many novel
methods have been used in dec
orating the gymnasium.
One of these is to have Stanford
pennants strung on wires, running
at intervals acroBS the building
from side to side. The gymnasium
will illuminated by drop
lights.
The following committees have
charge of the dance: Invitation
committee, Misses Cummings,
Nowell, and Hyatt, chairman; re
freshments, Misses Nagel, Mc-
George, and Fi field, chairman;
music, Misses Beebe, O'Brien, and
Sweetman, chairman; program,
Misses Jones, Graham, and Hale,
chairman; reception, Misses Say re,
Parkhurst, Yoell, Narver, Wagner,
and Atherton, chairman; patron
esses, Misses Reeves, Dunlap, and
Richards, chairman; floor, Misses
Henry and Road; decoration,
Misses Dillon, Berry, Gundrum,
Perry, Severy, Jarman, (and Neal,
chairman.
The patronesses are Mesdames
Lathrop, Jordan, Branner, Still
man, Matzke, Duniway, Fair
clough, Blynn, and Miss Gardi
ner.
Preparations for the Roble "At
Home" tomorrow night are
nearly complete. Many novel
methods have been used in dec
orating the gymnasium.
One of these is to have Stanford
pennants strung on wires, running
at intervals acroBS the building
from side to side. The gymnasium
will illuminated by drop
lights.
The following committees have
charge of the dance: Invitation
committee, Misses Cummings,
Nowell, and Hyatt, chairman; re
freshments, Misses Nagel, Mc-
George, and Fi field, chairman;
music, Misses Beebe, O'Brien, and
Sweetman, chairman; program,
Misses Jones, Graham, and Hale,
chairman; reception, Misses Say re,
Parkhurst, Yoell, Narver, Wagner,
and Atherton, chairman; patron
esses, Misses Reeves, Dunlap, and
Richards, chairman; floor, Misses
Henry and Road; decoration,
Misses Dillon, Berry, Gundrum,
Perry, Severy, Jarman, (and Neal,
chairman.
The patronesses are Mesdames
Lathrop, Jordan, Branner, Still
man, Matzke, Duniway, Fair
clough, Blynn, and Miss Gardi
ner.
Preparations for the Roble "At
Home" tomorrow night are
nearly complete. Many novel
methods have been used in dec
orating the gymnasium.
One of these is to have Stanford
pennants strung on wires, running
at intervals acroBS the building
from side to side. The gymnasium
will illuminated by drop
lights.
The following committees have
charge of the dance: Invitation
committee, Misses Cummings,
Nowell, and Hyatt, chairman; re
freshments, Misses Nagel, Mc-
George, and Fi field, chairman;
music, Misses Beebe, O'Brien, and
Sweetman, chairman; program,
Misses Jones, Graham, and Hale,
chairman; reception, Misses Say re,
Parkhurst, Yoell, Narver, Wagner,
and Atherton, chairman; patron
esses, Misses Reeves, Dunlap, and
Richards, chairman; floor, Misses
Henry and Road; decoration,
Misses Dillon, Berry, Gundrum,
Perry, Severy, Jarman, (and Neal,
chairman.
The patronesses are Mesdames
Lathrop, Jordan, Branner, Still
man, Matzke, Duniway, Fair
clough, Blynn, and Miss Gardi
ner.
Preparations for the Roble "At
Home" tomorrow night are
nearly complete. Many novel
methods have been used in dec
orating the gymnasium.
One of these is to have Stanford
pennants strung on wires, running
at intervals acroBS the building
from side to side. The gymnasium
will illuminated by drop
lights.
The following committees have
charge of the dance: Invitation
committee, Misses Cummings,
Nowell, and Hyatt, chairman; re
freshments, Misses Nagel, Mc-
George, and Fi field, chairman;
music, Misses Beebe, O'Brien, and
Sweetman, chairman; program,
Misses Jones, Graham, and Hale,
chairman; reception, Misses Say re,
Parkhurst, Yoell, Narver, Wagner,
and Atherton, chairman; patron
esses, Misses Reeves, Dunlap, and
Richards, chairman; floor, Misses
Henry and Road; decoration,
Misses Dillon, Berry, Gundrum,
Perry, Severy, Jarman, (and Neal,
chairman.
The patronesses are Mesdames
Lathrop, Jordan, Branner, Still
man, Matzke, Duniway, Fair
clough, Blynn, and Miss Gardi
ner.
Preparations for the Roble "At
Home" tomorrow night are
nearly complete. Many novel
methods have been used in dec
orating the gymnasium.
One of these is to have Stanford
pennants strung on wires, running
at intervals acroBS the building
from side to side. The gymnasium
will illuminated by drop
lights.
The following committees have
charge of the dance: Invitation
committee, Misses Cummings,
Nowell, and Hyatt, chairman; re
freshments, Misses Nagel, Mc-
George, and Fi field, chairman;
music, Misses Beebe, O'Brien, and
Sweetman, chairman; program,
Misses Jones, Graham, and Hale,
chairman; reception, Misses Say re,
Parkhurst, Yoell, Narver, Wagner,
and Atherton, chairman; patron
esses, Misses Reeves, Dunlap, and
Richards, chairman; floor, Misses
Henry and Road; decoration,
Misses Dillon, Berry, Gundrum,
Perry, Severy, Jarman, (and Neal,
chairman.
The patronesses are Mesdames
Lathrop, Jordan, Branner, Still
man, Matzke, Duniway, Fair
clough, Blynn, and Miss Gardi
ner.
Preparations for the Roble "At
Home" tomorrow night are
nearly complete. Many novel
methods have been used in dec
orating the gymnasium.
One of these is to have Stanford
pennants strung on wires, running
at intervals acroBS the building
from side to side. The gymnasium
will illuminated by drop
lights.
The following committees have
charge of the dance: Invitation
committee, Misses Cummings,
Nowell, and Hyatt, chairman; re
freshments, Misses Nagel, Mc-
George, and Fi field, chairman;
music, Misses Beebe, O'Brien, and
Sweetman, chairman; program,
Misses Jones, Graham, and Hale,
chairman; reception, Misses Say re,
Parkhurst, Yoell, Narver, Wagner,
and Atherton, chairman; patron
esses, Misses Reeves, Dunlap, and
Richards, chairman; floor, Misses
Henry and Road; decoration,
Misses Dillon, Berry, Gundrum,
Perry, Severy, Jarman, (and Neal,
chairman.
The patronesses are Mesdames
Lathrop, Jordan, Branner, Still
man, Matzke, Duniway, Fair
clough, Blynn, and Miss Gardi
ner.
