# German Players Will Give Mell Drama December 6
## 
### 
"Das Apostelspiel," a drama from
the pen ol' Max Mell, Austrian
dramatist and historian, will be pre
sented by the German Players of
Stanford University in the Little
Theatre, Wednesday, December 6, at
8:15 o'clock.
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German at Stanford, is
directing the members of the cast,
who are Henry C. Lindgren, Adolph
Zech, Isabel R. Howell, and Lewel
lyn R. McKay, all well known for
their excellent performances in for
mer productions.
Admission to the play will be 25
cents.
"Das Apostelspiel," a drama from
the pen ol' Max Mell, Austrian
dramatist and historian, will be pre
sented by the German Players of
Stanford University in the Little
Theatre, Wednesday, December 6, at
8:15 o'clock.
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German at Stanford, is
directing the members of the cast,
who are Henry C. Lindgren, Adolph
Zech, Isabel R. Howell, and Lewel
lyn R. McKay, all well known for
their excellent performances in for
mer productions.
Admission to the play will be 25
cents.
"Das Apostelspiel," a drama from
the pen ol' Max Mell, Austrian
dramatist and historian, will be pre
sented by the German Players of
Stanford University in the Little
Theatre, Wednesday, December 6, at
8:15 o'clock.
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German at Stanford, is
directing the members of the cast,
who are Henry C. Lindgren, Adolph
Zech, Isabel R. Howell, and Lewel
lyn R. McKay, all well known for
their excellent performances in for
mer productions.
Admission to the play will be 25
cents.
"Das Apostelspiel," a drama from
the pen ol' Max Mell, Austrian
dramatist and historian, will be pre
sented by the German Players of
Stanford University in the Little
Theatre, Wednesday, December 6, at
8:15 o'clock.
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German at Stanford, is
directing the members of the cast,
who are Henry C. Lindgren, Adolph
Zech, Isabel R. Howell, and Lewel
lyn R. McKay, all well known for
their excellent performances in for
mer productions.
Admission to the play will be 25
cents.
"Das Apostelspiel," a drama from
the pen ol' Max Mell, Austrian
dramatist and historian, will be pre
sented by the German Players of
Stanford University in the Little
Theatre, Wednesday, December 6, at
8:15 o'clock.
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German at Stanford, is
directing the members of the cast,
who are Henry C. Lindgren, Adolph
Zech, Isabel R. Howell, and Lewel
lyn R. McKay, all well known for
their excellent performances in for
mer productions.
Admission to the play will be 25
cents.
"Das Apostelspiel," a drama from
the pen ol' Max Mell, Austrian
dramatist and historian, will be pre
sented by the German Players of
Stanford University in the Little
Theatre, Wednesday, December 6, at
8:15 o'clock.
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German at Stanford, is
directing the members of the cast,
who are Henry C. Lindgren, Adolph
Zech, Isabel R. Howell, and Lewel
lyn R. McKay, all well known for
their excellent performances in for
mer productions.
Admission to the play will be 25
cents.
"Das Apostelspiel," a drama from
the pen ol' Max Mell, Austrian
dramatist and historian, will be pre
sented by the German Players of
Stanford University in the Little
Theatre, Wednesday, December 6, at
8:15 o'clock.
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German at Stanford, is
directing the members of the cast,
who are Henry C. Lindgren, Adolph
Zech, Isabel R. Howell, and Lewel
lyn R. McKay, all well known for
their excellent performances in for
mer productions.
Admission to the play will be 25
cents.
"Das Apostelspiel," a drama from
the pen ol' Max Mell, Austrian
dramatist and historian, will be pre
sented by the German Players of
Stanford University in the Little
Theatre, Wednesday, December 6, at
8:15 o'clock.
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German at Stanford, is
directing the members of the cast,
who are Henry C. Lindgren, Adolph
Zech, Isabel R. Howell, and Lewel
lyn R. McKay, all well known for
their excellent performances in for
mer productions.
Admission to the play will be 25
cents.
"Das Apostelspiel," a drama from
the pen ol' Max Mell, Austrian
dramatist and historian, will be pre
sented by the German Players of
Stanford University in the Little
Theatre, Wednesday, December 6, at
8:15 o'clock.
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German at Stanford, is
directing the members of the cast,
who are Henry C. Lindgren, Adolph
Zech, Isabel R. Howell, and Lewel
lyn R. McKay, all well known for
their excellent performances in for
mer productions.
Admission to the play will be 25
cents.
"Das Apostelspiel," a drama from
the pen ol' Max Mell, Austrian
dramatist and historian, will be pre
sented by the German Players of
Stanford University in the Little
Theatre, Wednesday, December 6, at
8:15 o'clock.
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German at Stanford, is
directing the members of the cast,
who are Henry C. Lindgren, Adolph
Zech, Isabel R. Howell, and Lewel
lyn R. McKay, all well known for
their excellent performances in for
mer productions.
Admission to the play will be 25
cents.
"Das Apostelspiel," a drama from
the pen ol' Max Mell, Austrian
dramatist and historian, will be pre
sented by the German Players of
Stanford University in the Little
Theatre, Wednesday, December 6, at
8:15 o'clock.
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German at Stanford, is
directing the members of the cast,
who are Henry C. Lindgren, Adolph
Zech, Isabel R. Howell, and Lewel
lyn R. McKay, all well known for
their excellent performances in for
mer productions.
Admission to the play will be 25
cents.
"Das Apostelspiel," a drama from
the pen ol' Max Mell, Austrian
dramatist and historian, will be pre
sented by the German Players of
Stanford University in the Little
Theatre, Wednesday, December 6, at
8:15 o'clock.
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German at Stanford, is
directing the members of the cast,
who are Henry C. Lindgren, Adolph
Zech, Isabel R. Howell, and Lewel
lyn R. McKay, all well known for
their excellent performances in for
mer productions.
Admission to the play will be 25
cents.
"Das Apostelspiel," a drama from
the pen ol' Max Mell, Austrian
dramatist and historian, will be pre
sented by the German Players of
Stanford University in the Little
Theatre, Wednesday, December 6, at
8:15 o'clock.
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German at Stanford, is
directing the members of the cast,
who are Henry C. Lindgren, Adolph
Zech, Isabel R. Howell, and Lewel
lyn R. McKay, all well known for
their excellent performances in for
mer productions.
Admission to the play will be 25
cents.
"Das Apostelspiel," a drama from
the pen ol' Max Mell, Austrian
dramatist and historian, will be pre
sented by the German Players of
Stanford University in the Little
Theatre, Wednesday, December 6, at
8:15 o'clock.
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German at Stanford, is
directing the members of the cast,
who are Henry C. Lindgren, Adolph
Zech, Isabel R. Howell, and Lewel
lyn R. McKay, all well known for
their excellent performances in for
mer productions.
Admission to the play will be 25
cents.
"Das Apostelspiel," a drama from
the pen ol' Max Mell, Austrian
dramatist and historian, will be pre
sented by the German Players of
Stanford University in the Little
Theatre, Wednesday, December 6, at
8:15 o'clock.
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German at Stanford, is
directing the members of the cast,
who are Henry C. Lindgren, Adolph
Zech, Isabel R. Howell, and Lewel
lyn R. McKay, all well known for
their excellent performances in for
mer productions.
Admission to the play will be 25
cents.
