# CHRYSLER ROADSTER STOLEN FROM GYM
## 
### 
A Chrysler roadster, 1927 model,
belonging to Carlos Monsalve, was
stolen yesterday afternoon from the
drive in front of Encina gymnasium,
the owner reported. Late last night
Palo Alto police had found no clues
as to the identity of the thief.
The police also had secured no
information last night of the thief
who stole a canvas top Sunday night
from the new Ford roadster belong
ing to Roland Davis, Fred Frehe,
campus police officer, stated.
A Chrysler roadster, 1927 model,
belonging to Carlos Monsalve, was
stolen yesterday afternoon from the
drive in front of Encina gymnasium,
the owner reported. Late last night
Palo Alto police had found no clues
as to the identity of the thief.
The police also had secured no
information last night of the thief
who stole a canvas top Sunday night
from the new Ford roadster belong
ing to Roland Davis, Fred Frehe,
campus police officer, stated.
A Chrysler roadster, 1927 model,
belonging to Carlos Monsalve, was
stolen yesterday afternoon from the
drive in front of Encina gymnasium,
the owner reported. Late last night
Palo Alto police had found no clues
as to the identity of the thief.
The police also had secured no
information last night of the thief
who stole a canvas top Sunday night
from the new Ford roadster belong
ing to Roland Davis, Fred Frehe,
campus police officer, stated.
A Chrysler roadster, 1927 model,
belonging to Carlos Monsalve, was
stolen yesterday afternoon from the
drive in front of Encina gymnasium,
the owner reported. Late last night
Palo Alto police had found no clues
as to the identity of the thief.
The police also had secured no
information last night of the thief
who stole a canvas top Sunday night
from the new Ford roadster belong
ing to Roland Davis, Fred Frehe,
campus police officer, stated.
A Chrysler roadster, 1927 model,
belonging to Carlos Monsalve, was
stolen yesterday afternoon from the
drive in front of Encina gymnasium,
the owner reported. Late last night
Palo Alto police had found no clues
as to the identity of the thief.
The police also had secured no
information last night of the thief
who stole a canvas top Sunday night
from the new Ford roadster belong
ing to Roland Davis, Fred Frehe,
campus police officer, stated.
A Chrysler roadster, 1927 model,
belonging to Carlos Monsalve, was
stolen yesterday afternoon from the
drive in front of Encina gymnasium,
the owner reported. Late last night
Palo Alto police had found no clues
as to the identity of the thief.
The police also had secured no
information last night of the thief
who stole a canvas top Sunday night
from the new Ford roadster belong
ing to Roland Davis, Fred Frehe,
campus police officer, stated.
A Chrysler roadster, 1927 model,
belonging to Carlos Monsalve, was
stolen yesterday afternoon from the
drive in front of Encina gymnasium,
the owner reported. Late last night
Palo Alto police had found no clues
as to the identity of the thief.
The police also had secured no
information last night of the thief
who stole a canvas top Sunday night
from the new Ford roadster belong
ing to Roland Davis, Fred Frehe,
campus police officer, stated.
A Chrysler roadster, 1927 model,
belonging to Carlos Monsalve, was
stolen yesterday afternoon from the
drive in front of Encina gymnasium,
the owner reported. Late last night
Palo Alto police had found no clues
as to the identity of the thief.
The police also had secured no
information last night of the thief
who stole a canvas top Sunday night
from the new Ford roadster belong
ing to Roland Davis, Fred Frehe,
campus police officer, stated.
A Chrysler roadster, 1927 model,
belonging to Carlos Monsalve, was
stolen yesterday afternoon from the
drive in front of Encina gymnasium,
the owner reported. Late last night
Palo Alto police had found no clues
as to the identity of the thief.
The police also had secured no
information last night of the thief
who stole a canvas top Sunday night
from the new Ford roadster belong
ing to Roland Davis, Fred Frehe,
campus police officer, stated.
A Chrysler roadster, 1927 model,
belonging to Carlos Monsalve, was
stolen yesterday afternoon from the
drive in front of Encina gymnasium,
the owner reported. Late last night
Palo Alto police had found no clues
as to the identity of the thief.
The police also had secured no
information last night of the thief
who stole a canvas top Sunday night
from the new Ford roadster belong
ing to Roland Davis, Fred Frehe,
campus police officer, stated.
A Chrysler roadster, 1927 model,
belonging to Carlos Monsalve, was
stolen yesterday afternoon from the
drive in front of Encina gymnasium,
the owner reported. Late last night
Palo Alto police had found no clues
as to the identity of the thief.
The police also had secured no
information last night of the thief
who stole a canvas top Sunday night
from the new Ford roadster belong
ing to Roland Davis, Fred Frehe,
campus police officer, stated.
A Chrysler roadster, 1927 model,
belonging to Carlos Monsalve, was
stolen yesterday afternoon from the
drive in front of Encina gymnasium,
the owner reported. Late last night
Palo Alto police had found no clues
as to the identity of the thief.
The police also had secured no
information last night of the thief
who stole a canvas top Sunday night
from the new Ford roadster belong
ing to Roland Davis, Fred Frehe,
campus police officer, stated.
A Chrysler roadster, 1927 model,
belonging to Carlos Monsalve, was
stolen yesterday afternoon from the
drive in front of Encina gymnasium,
the owner reported. Late last night
Palo Alto police had found no clues
as to the identity of the thief.
The police also had secured no
information last night of the thief
who stole a canvas top Sunday night
from the new Ford roadster belong
ing to Roland Davis, Fred Frehe,
campus police officer, stated.
A Chrysler roadster, 1927 model,
belonging to Carlos Monsalve, was
stolen yesterday afternoon from the
drive in front of Encina gymnasium,
the owner reported. Late last night
Palo Alto police had found no clues
as to the identity of the thief.
The police also had secured no
information last night of the thief
who stole a canvas top Sunday night
from the new Ford roadster belong
ing to Roland Davis, Fred Frehe,
campus police officer, stated.
A Chrysler roadster, 1927 model,
belonging to Carlos Monsalve, was
stolen yesterday afternoon from the
drive in front of Encina gymnasium,
the owner reported. Late last night
Palo Alto police had found no clues
as to the identity of the thief.
The police also had secured no
information last night of the thief
who stole a canvas top Sunday night
from the new Ford roadster belong
ing to Roland Davis, Fred Frehe,
campus police officer, stated.
