# To Quit Princeton
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Jan. 26. (/P)—Helene
Madison, Seattle high school girl
who is recognized as the world's
greatest woman swimmer, has
started on another rampage for rec
ords.


Orcn Jack Turner photo pom A.P.
Dr. John Grier Hibben, president
of Princeton university, plans to
resign his post.
SEATTLE, Jan. 26. (/P)—Helene
Madison, Seattle high school girl
who is recognized as the world's
greatest woman swimmer, has
started on another rampage for rec
ords.


Orcn Jack Turner photo pom A.P.
Dr. John Grier Hibben, president
of Princeton university, plans to
resign his post.
SEATTLE, Jan. 26. (/P)—Helene
Madison, Seattle high school girl
who is recognized as the world's
greatest woman swimmer, has
started on another rampage for rec
ords.


Orcn Jack Turner photo pom A.P.
Dr. John Grier Hibben, president
of Princeton university, plans to
resign his post.
SEATTLE, Jan. 26. (/P)—Helene
Madison, Seattle high school girl
who is recognized as the world's
greatest woman swimmer, has
started on another rampage for rec
ords.


Orcn Jack Turner photo pom A.P.
Dr. John Grier Hibben, president
of Princeton university, plans to
resign his post.
SEATTLE, Jan. 26. (/P)—Helene
Madison, Seattle high school girl
who is recognized as the world's
greatest woman swimmer, has
started on another rampage for rec
ords.


Orcn Jack Turner photo pom A.P.
Dr. John Grier Hibben, president
of Princeton university, plans to
resign his post.
SEATTLE, Jan. 26. (/P)—Helene
Madison, Seattle high school girl
who is recognized as the world's
greatest woman swimmer, has
started on another rampage for rec
ords.


Orcn Jack Turner photo pom A.P.
Dr. John Grier Hibben, president
of Princeton university, plans to
resign his post.
SEATTLE, Jan. 26. (/P)—Helene
Madison, Seattle high school girl
who is recognized as the world's
greatest woman swimmer, has
started on another rampage for rec
ords.


Orcn Jack Turner photo pom A.P.
Dr. John Grier Hibben, president
of Princeton university, plans to
resign his post.
SEATTLE, Jan. 26. (/P)—Helene
Madison, Seattle high school girl
who is recognized as the world's
greatest woman swimmer, has
started on another rampage for rec
ords.


Orcn Jack Turner photo pom A.P.
Dr. John Grier Hibben, president
of Princeton university, plans to
resign his post.
SEATTLE, Jan. 26. (/P)—Helene
Madison, Seattle high school girl
who is recognized as the world's
greatest woman swimmer, has
started on another rampage for rec
ords.


Orcn Jack Turner photo pom A.P.
Dr. John Grier Hibben, president
of Princeton university, plans to
resign his post.
SEATTLE, Jan. 26. (/P)—Helene
Madison, Seattle high school girl
who is recognized as the world's
greatest woman swimmer, has
started on another rampage for rec
ords.


Orcn Jack Turner photo pom A.P.
Dr. John Grier Hibben, president
of Princeton university, plans to
resign his post.
SEATTLE, Jan. 26. (/P)—Helene
Madison, Seattle high school girl
who is recognized as the world's
greatest woman swimmer, has
started on another rampage for rec
ords.


Orcn Jack Turner photo pom A.P.
Dr. John Grier Hibben, president
of Princeton university, plans to
resign his post.
SEATTLE, Jan. 26. (/P)—Helene
Madison, Seattle high school girl
who is recognized as the world's
greatest woman swimmer, has
started on another rampage for rec
ords.


Orcn Jack Turner photo pom A.P.
Dr. John Grier Hibben, president
of Princeton university, plans to
resign his post.
SEATTLE, Jan. 26. (/P)—Helene
Madison, Seattle high school girl
who is recognized as the world's
greatest woman swimmer, has
started on another rampage for rec
ords.


Orcn Jack Turner photo pom A.P.
Dr. John Grier Hibben, president
of Princeton university, plans to
resign his post.
SEATTLE, Jan. 26. (/P)—Helene
Madison, Seattle high school girl
who is recognized as the world's
greatest woman swimmer, has
started on another rampage for rec
ords.


Orcn Jack Turner photo pom A.P.
Dr. John Grier Hibben, president
of Princeton university, plans to
resign his post.
SEATTLE, Jan. 26. (/P)—Helene
Madison, Seattle high school girl
who is recognized as the world's
greatest woman swimmer, has
started on another rampage for rec
ords.


Orcn Jack Turner photo pom A.P.
Dr. John Grier Hibben, president
of Princeton university, plans to
resign his post.
