# BANKER WOULD RAISE REDISCOUNT RATE
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26 (/P) % .—A
"firmer policy" which would main
tain the Federal Reserve rediscount
rate higher than the market rate on
commercial paper, and higher rates
on bond borrowing than on commer
cial borrowing, were suggested today
by Albert H. Wiggin, chairman of the
board of the Chase National Bank of
New York, as possible steps to pre
vent stock speculating booms.
Testifying before the Senate Bank
ing Committee, Wiggin blamed the
1929 Wall Street collapse on the "De
bauch of speculation that reached a
climax and stopped."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26 (/P) % .—A
"firmer policy" which would main
tain the Federal Reserve rediscount
rate higher than the market rate on
commercial paper, and higher rates
on bond borrowing than on commer
cial borrowing, were suggested today
by Albert H. Wiggin, chairman of the
board of the Chase National Bank of
New York, as possible steps to pre
vent stock speculating booms.
Testifying before the Senate Bank
ing Committee, Wiggin blamed the
1929 Wall Street collapse on the "De
bauch of speculation that reached a
climax and stopped."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26 (/P) % .—A
"firmer policy" which would main
tain the Federal Reserve rediscount
rate higher than the market rate on
commercial paper, and higher rates
on bond borrowing than on commer
cial borrowing, were suggested today
by Albert H. Wiggin, chairman of the
board of the Chase National Bank of
New York, as possible steps to pre
vent stock speculating booms.
Testifying before the Senate Bank
ing Committee, Wiggin blamed the
1929 Wall Street collapse on the "De
bauch of speculation that reached a
climax and stopped."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26 (/P) % .—A
"firmer policy" which would main
tain the Federal Reserve rediscount
rate higher than the market rate on
commercial paper, and higher rates
on bond borrowing than on commer
cial borrowing, were suggested today
by Albert H. Wiggin, chairman of the
board of the Chase National Bank of
New York, as possible steps to pre
vent stock speculating booms.
Testifying before the Senate Bank
ing Committee, Wiggin blamed the
1929 Wall Street collapse on the "De
bauch of speculation that reached a
climax and stopped."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26 (/P) % .—A
"firmer policy" which would main
tain the Federal Reserve rediscount
rate higher than the market rate on
commercial paper, and higher rates
on bond borrowing than on commer
cial borrowing, were suggested today
by Albert H. Wiggin, chairman of the
board of the Chase National Bank of
New York, as possible steps to pre
vent stock speculating booms.
Testifying before the Senate Bank
ing Committee, Wiggin blamed the
1929 Wall Street collapse on the "De
bauch of speculation that reached a
climax and stopped."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26 (/P) % .—A
"firmer policy" which would main
tain the Federal Reserve rediscount
rate higher than the market rate on
commercial paper, and higher rates
on bond borrowing than on commer
cial borrowing, were suggested today
by Albert H. Wiggin, chairman of the
board of the Chase National Bank of
New York, as possible steps to pre
vent stock speculating booms.
Testifying before the Senate Bank
ing Committee, Wiggin blamed the
1929 Wall Street collapse on the "De
bauch of speculation that reached a
climax and stopped."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26 (/P) % .—A
"firmer policy" which would main
tain the Federal Reserve rediscount
rate higher than the market rate on
commercial paper, and higher rates
on bond borrowing than on commer
cial borrowing, were suggested today
by Albert H. Wiggin, chairman of the
board of the Chase National Bank of
New York, as possible steps to pre
vent stock speculating booms.
Testifying before the Senate Bank
ing Committee, Wiggin blamed the
1929 Wall Street collapse on the "De
bauch of speculation that reached a
climax and stopped."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26 (/P) % .—A
"firmer policy" which would main
tain the Federal Reserve rediscount
rate higher than the market rate on
commercial paper, and higher rates
on bond borrowing than on commer
cial borrowing, were suggested today
by Albert H. Wiggin, chairman of the
board of the Chase National Bank of
New York, as possible steps to pre
vent stock speculating booms.
Testifying before the Senate Bank
ing Committee, Wiggin blamed the
1929 Wall Street collapse on the "De
bauch of speculation that reached a
climax and stopped."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26 (/P) % .—A
"firmer policy" which would main
tain the Federal Reserve rediscount
rate higher than the market rate on
commercial paper, and higher rates
on bond borrowing than on commer
cial borrowing, were suggested today
by Albert H. Wiggin, chairman of the
board of the Chase National Bank of
New York, as possible steps to pre
vent stock speculating booms.
Testifying before the Senate Bank
ing Committee, Wiggin blamed the
1929 Wall Street collapse on the "De
bauch of speculation that reached a
climax and stopped."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26 (/P) % .—A
"firmer policy" which would main
tain the Federal Reserve rediscount
rate higher than the market rate on
commercial paper, and higher rates
on bond borrowing than on commer
cial borrowing, were suggested today
by Albert H. Wiggin, chairman of the
board of the Chase National Bank of
New York, as possible steps to pre
vent stock speculating booms.
Testifying before the Senate Bank
ing Committee, Wiggin blamed the
1929 Wall Street collapse on the "De
bauch of speculation that reached a
climax and stopped."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26 (/P) % .—A
"firmer policy" which would main
tain the Federal Reserve rediscount
rate higher than the market rate on
commercial paper, and higher rates
on bond borrowing than on commer
cial borrowing, were suggested today
by Albert H. Wiggin, chairman of the
board of the Chase National Bank of
New York, as possible steps to pre
vent stock speculating booms.
Testifying before the Senate Bank
ing Committee, Wiggin blamed the
1929 Wall Street collapse on the "De
bauch of speculation that reached a
climax and stopped."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26 (/P) % .—A
"firmer policy" which would main
tain the Federal Reserve rediscount
rate higher than the market rate on
commercial paper, and higher rates
on bond borrowing than on commer
cial borrowing, were suggested today
by Albert H. Wiggin, chairman of the
board of the Chase National Bank of
New York, as possible steps to pre
vent stock speculating booms.
Testifying before the Senate Bank
ing Committee, Wiggin blamed the
1929 Wall Street collapse on the "De
bauch of speculation that reached a
climax and stopped."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26 (/P) % .—A
"firmer policy" which would main
tain the Federal Reserve rediscount
rate higher than the market rate on
commercial paper, and higher rates
on bond borrowing than on commer
cial borrowing, were suggested today
by Albert H. Wiggin, chairman of the
board of the Chase National Bank of
New York, as possible steps to pre
vent stock speculating booms.
Testifying before the Senate Bank
ing Committee, Wiggin blamed the
1929 Wall Street collapse on the "De
bauch of speculation that reached a
climax and stopped."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26 (/P) % .—A
"firmer policy" which would main
tain the Federal Reserve rediscount
rate higher than the market rate on
commercial paper, and higher rates
on bond borrowing than on commer
cial borrowing, were suggested today
by Albert H. Wiggin, chairman of the
board of the Chase National Bank of
New York, as possible steps to pre
vent stock speculating booms.
Testifying before the Senate Bank
ing Committee, Wiggin blamed the
1929 Wall Street collapse on the "De
bauch of speculation that reached a
climax and stopped."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26 (/P) % .—A
"firmer policy" which would main
tain the Federal Reserve rediscount
rate higher than the market rate on
commercial paper, and higher rates
on bond borrowing than on commer
cial borrowing, were suggested today
by Albert H. Wiggin, chairman of the
board of the Chase National Bank of
New York, as possible steps to pre
vent stock speculating booms.
Testifying before the Senate Bank
ing Committee, Wiggin blamed the
1929 Wall Street collapse on the "De
bauch of speculation that reached a
climax and stopped."
