# WASHINGTON LEADS
## 
### 
SEATTLE. Jan. 26. (TP)—'With 'he '
half-way mark to be reached in the
northern division of the Pacific
Coast Conference basketball race
this week, the University of Wash
ington Huskies, defending cham- 1
pions, continued to lead the circuit
with six victories and no defeats.
SEATTLE. Jan. 26. (TP)—'With 'he '
half-way mark to be reached in the
northern division of the Pacific
Coast Conference basketball race
this week, the University of Wash
ington Huskies, defending cham- 1
pions, continued to lead the circuit
with six victories and no defeats.
SEATTLE. Jan. 26. (TP)—'With 'he '
half-way mark to be reached in the
northern division of the Pacific
Coast Conference basketball race
this week, the University of Wash
ington Huskies, defending cham- 1
pions, continued to lead the circuit
with six victories and no defeats.
SEATTLE. Jan. 26. (TP)—'With 'he '
half-way mark to be reached in the
northern division of the Pacific
Coast Conference basketball race
this week, the University of Wash
ington Huskies, defending cham- 1
pions, continued to lead the circuit
with six victories and no defeats.
SEATTLE. Jan. 26. (TP)—'With 'he '
half-way mark to be reached in the
northern division of the Pacific
Coast Conference basketball race
this week, the University of Wash
ington Huskies, defending cham- 1
pions, continued to lead the circuit
with six victories and no defeats.
SEATTLE. Jan. 26. (TP)—'With 'he '
half-way mark to be reached in the
northern division of the Pacific
Coast Conference basketball race
this week, the University of Wash
ington Huskies, defending cham- 1
pions, continued to lead the circuit
with six victories and no defeats.
SEATTLE. Jan. 26. (TP)—'With 'he '
half-way mark to be reached in the
northern division of the Pacific
Coast Conference basketball race
this week, the University of Wash
ington Huskies, defending cham- 1
pions, continued to lead the circuit
with six victories and no defeats.
SEATTLE. Jan. 26. (TP)—'With 'he '
half-way mark to be reached in the
northern division of the Pacific
Coast Conference basketball race
this week, the University of Wash
ington Huskies, defending cham- 1
pions, continued to lead the circuit
with six victories and no defeats.
SEATTLE. Jan. 26. (TP)—'With 'he '
half-way mark to be reached in the
northern division of the Pacific
Coast Conference basketball race
this week, the University of Wash
ington Huskies, defending cham- 1
pions, continued to lead the circuit
with six victories and no defeats.
SEATTLE. Jan. 26. (TP)—'With 'he '
half-way mark to be reached in the
northern division of the Pacific
Coast Conference basketball race
this week, the University of Wash
ington Huskies, defending cham- 1
pions, continued to lead the circuit
with six victories and no defeats.
SEATTLE. Jan. 26. (TP)—'With 'he '
half-way mark to be reached in the
northern division of the Pacific
Coast Conference basketball race
this week, the University of Wash
ington Huskies, defending cham- 1
pions, continued to lead the circuit
with six victories and no defeats.
SEATTLE. Jan. 26. (TP)—'With 'he '
half-way mark to be reached in the
northern division of the Pacific
Coast Conference basketball race
this week, the University of Wash
ington Huskies, defending cham- 1
pions, continued to lead the circuit
with six victories and no defeats.
SEATTLE. Jan. 26. (TP)—'With 'he '
half-way mark to be reached in the
northern division of the Pacific
Coast Conference basketball race
this week, the University of Wash
ington Huskies, defending cham- 1
pions, continued to lead the circuit
with six victories and no defeats.
SEATTLE. Jan. 26. (TP)—'With 'he '
half-way mark to be reached in the
northern division of the Pacific
Coast Conference basketball race
this week, the University of Wash
ington Huskies, defending cham- 1
pions, continued to lead the circuit
with six victories and no defeats.
SEATTLE. Jan. 26. (TP)—'With 'he '
half-way mark to be reached in the
northern division of the Pacific
Coast Conference basketball race
this week, the University of Wash
ington Huskies, defending cham- 1
pions, continued to lead the circuit
with six victories and no defeats.
