# STUDENT FELLOWSHIP APPLICATIONS OPENED
## 
### 
All applications for Stanford fel
lowships should be filed with Miss
Mary Sweet, assistant registrar, be
fore February 15.
All those holding fellowships at
present must apply in writing to re
tain them, according to Miss Sweet,
and no consideration will be given
late applications. One or two letters
of recommendation should be sub
mitted with all applications, Miss
Sweet stated. Further information
may be obtained at the Registrar's
office.
All applications for Stanford fel
lowships should be filed with Miss
Mary Sweet, assistant registrar, be
fore February 15.
All those holding fellowships at
present must apply in writing to re
tain them, according to Miss Sweet,
and no consideration will be given
late applications. One or two letters
of recommendation should be sub
mitted with all applications, Miss
Sweet stated. Further information
may be obtained at the Registrar's
office.
All applications for Stanford fel
lowships should be filed with Miss
Mary Sweet, assistant registrar, be
fore February 15.
All those holding fellowships at
present must apply in writing to re
tain them, according to Miss Sweet,
and no consideration will be given
late applications. One or two letters
of recommendation should be sub
mitted with all applications, Miss
Sweet stated. Further information
may be obtained at the Registrar's
office.
All applications for Stanford fel
lowships should be filed with Miss
Mary Sweet, assistant registrar, be
fore February 15.
All those holding fellowships at
present must apply in writing to re
tain them, according to Miss Sweet,
and no consideration will be given
late applications. One or two letters
of recommendation should be sub
mitted with all applications, Miss
Sweet stated. Further information
may be obtained at the Registrar's
office.
All applications for Stanford fel
lowships should be filed with Miss
Mary Sweet, assistant registrar, be
fore February 15.
All those holding fellowships at
present must apply in writing to re
tain them, according to Miss Sweet,
and no consideration will be given
late applications. One or two letters
of recommendation should be sub
mitted with all applications, Miss
Sweet stated. Further information
may be obtained at the Registrar's
office.
All applications for Stanford fel
lowships should be filed with Miss
Mary Sweet, assistant registrar, be
fore February 15.
All those holding fellowships at
present must apply in writing to re
tain them, according to Miss Sweet,
and no consideration will be given
late applications. One or two letters
of recommendation should be sub
mitted with all applications, Miss
Sweet stated. Further information
may be obtained at the Registrar's
office.
All applications for Stanford fel
lowships should be filed with Miss
Mary Sweet, assistant registrar, be
fore February 15.
All those holding fellowships at
present must apply in writing to re
tain them, according to Miss Sweet,
and no consideration will be given
late applications. One or two letters
of recommendation should be sub
mitted with all applications, Miss
Sweet stated. Further information
may be obtained at the Registrar's
office.
All applications for Stanford fel
lowships should be filed with Miss
Mary Sweet, assistant registrar, be
fore February 15.
All those holding fellowships at
present must apply in writing to re
tain them, according to Miss Sweet,
and no consideration will be given
late applications. One or two letters
of recommendation should be sub
mitted with all applications, Miss
Sweet stated. Further information
may be obtained at the Registrar's
office.
All applications for Stanford fel
lowships should be filed with Miss
Mary Sweet, assistant registrar, be
fore February 15.
All those holding fellowships at
present must apply in writing to re
tain them, according to Miss Sweet,
and no consideration will be given
late applications. One or two letters
of recommendation should be sub
mitted with all applications, Miss
Sweet stated. Further information
may be obtained at the Registrar's
office.
All applications for Stanford fel
lowships should be filed with Miss
Mary Sweet, assistant registrar, be
fore February 15.
All those holding fellowships at
present must apply in writing to re
tain them, according to Miss Sweet,
and no consideration will be given
late applications. One or two letters
of recommendation should be sub
mitted with all applications, Miss
Sweet stated. Further information
may be obtained at the Registrar's
office.
All applications for Stanford fel
lowships should be filed with Miss
Mary Sweet, assistant registrar, be
fore February 15.
All those holding fellowships at
present must apply in writing to re
tain them, according to Miss Sweet,
and no consideration will be given
late applications. One or two letters
of recommendation should be sub
mitted with all applications, Miss
Sweet stated. Further information
may be obtained at the Registrar's
office.
All applications for Stanford fel
lowships should be filed with Miss
Mary Sweet, assistant registrar, be
fore February 15.
All those holding fellowships at
present must apply in writing to re
tain them, according to Miss Sweet,
and no consideration will be given
late applications. One or two letters
of recommendation should be sub
mitted with all applications, Miss
Sweet stated. Further information
may be obtained at the Registrar's
office.
All applications for Stanford fel
lowships should be filed with Miss
Mary Sweet, assistant registrar, be
fore February 15.
All those holding fellowships at
present must apply in writing to re
tain them, according to Miss Sweet,
and no consideration will be given
late applications. One or two letters
of recommendation should be sub
mitted with all applications, Miss
Sweet stated. Further information
may be obtained at the Registrar's
office.
All applications for Stanford fel
lowships should be filed with Miss
Mary Sweet, assistant registrar, be
fore February 15.
All those holding fellowships at
present must apply in writing to re
tain them, according to Miss Sweet,
and no consideration will be given
late applications. One or two letters
of recommendation should be sub
mitted with all applications, Miss
Sweet stated. Further information
may be obtained at the Registrar's
office.
All applications for Stanford fel
lowships should be filed with Miss
Mary Sweet, assistant registrar, be
fore February 15.
All those holding fellowships at
present must apply in writing to re
tain them, according to Miss Sweet,
and no consideration will be given
late applications. One or two letters
of recommendation should be sub
mitted with all applications, Miss
Sweet stated. Further information
may be obtained at the Registrar's
office.
