# INTERNATIONAL GROUP TO MEET THURSDAY
## 
### 
The International Relations dis
cussion group of the Y.W.C.A. will
meet Thursday night from 7 to 8
o'clock in the downstairs corner
room of the Women's Clubhouse.
According to Catherine" Guerard,
chairman, plans for the group's pro
jected visit to the International
House at Berkeley will be discussed.
All women interested in promoting
the international spirit on the cam
pus are invited to attend.
The International Relations dis
cussion group of the Y.W.C.A. will
meet Thursday night from 7 to 8
o'clock in the downstairs corner
room of the Women's Clubhouse.
According to Catherine" Guerard,
chairman, plans for the group's pro
jected visit to the International
House at Berkeley will be discussed.
All women interested in promoting
the international spirit on the cam
pus are invited to attend.
The International Relations dis
cussion group of the Y.W.C.A. will
meet Thursday night from 7 to 8
o'clock in the downstairs corner
room of the Women's Clubhouse.
According to Catherine" Guerard,
chairman, plans for the group's pro
jected visit to the International
House at Berkeley will be discussed.
All women interested in promoting
the international spirit on the cam
pus are invited to attend.
The International Relations dis
cussion group of the Y.W.C.A. will
meet Thursday night from 7 to 8
o'clock in the downstairs corner
room of the Women's Clubhouse.
According to Catherine" Guerard,
chairman, plans for the group's pro
jected visit to the International
House at Berkeley will be discussed.
All women interested in promoting
the international spirit on the cam
pus are invited to attend.
The International Relations dis
cussion group of the Y.W.C.A. will
meet Thursday night from 7 to 8
o'clock in the downstairs corner
room of the Women's Clubhouse.
According to Catherine" Guerard,
chairman, plans for the group's pro
jected visit to the International
House at Berkeley will be discussed.
All women interested in promoting
the international spirit on the cam
pus are invited to attend.
The International Relations dis
cussion group of the Y.W.C.A. will
meet Thursday night from 7 to 8
o'clock in the downstairs corner
room of the Women's Clubhouse.
According to Catherine" Guerard,
chairman, plans for the group's pro
jected visit to the International
House at Berkeley will be discussed.
All women interested in promoting
the international spirit on the cam
pus are invited to attend.
The International Relations dis
cussion group of the Y.W.C.A. will
meet Thursday night from 7 to 8
o'clock in the downstairs corner
room of the Women's Clubhouse.
According to Catherine" Guerard,
chairman, plans for the group's pro
jected visit to the International
House at Berkeley will be discussed.
All women interested in promoting
the international spirit on the cam
pus are invited to attend.
The International Relations dis
cussion group of the Y.W.C.A. will
meet Thursday night from 7 to 8
o'clock in the downstairs corner
room of the Women's Clubhouse.
According to Catherine" Guerard,
chairman, plans for the group's pro
jected visit to the International
House at Berkeley will be discussed.
All women interested in promoting
the international spirit on the cam
pus are invited to attend.
The International Relations dis
cussion group of the Y.W.C.A. will
meet Thursday night from 7 to 8
o'clock in the downstairs corner
room of the Women's Clubhouse.
According to Catherine" Guerard,
chairman, plans for the group's pro
jected visit to the International
House at Berkeley will be discussed.
All women interested in promoting
the international spirit on the cam
pus are invited to attend.
The International Relations dis
cussion group of the Y.W.C.A. will
meet Thursday night from 7 to 8
o'clock in the downstairs corner
room of the Women's Clubhouse.
According to Catherine" Guerard,
chairman, plans for the group's pro
jected visit to the International
House at Berkeley will be discussed.
All women interested in promoting
the international spirit on the cam
pus are invited to attend.
The International Relations dis
cussion group of the Y.W.C.A. will
meet Thursday night from 7 to 8
o'clock in the downstairs corner
room of the Women's Clubhouse.
According to Catherine" Guerard,
chairman, plans for the group's pro
jected visit to the International
House at Berkeley will be discussed.
All women interested in promoting
the international spirit on the cam
pus are invited to attend.
The International Relations dis
cussion group of the Y.W.C.A. will
meet Thursday night from 7 to 8
o'clock in the downstairs corner
room of the Women's Clubhouse.
According to Catherine" Guerard,
chairman, plans for the group's pro
jected visit to the International
House at Berkeley will be discussed.
All women interested in promoting
the international spirit on the cam
pus are invited to attend.
The International Relations dis
cussion group of the Y.W.C.A. will
meet Thursday night from 7 to 8
o'clock in the downstairs corner
room of the Women's Clubhouse.
According to Catherine" Guerard,
chairman, plans for the group's pro
jected visit to the International
House at Berkeley will be discussed.
All women interested in promoting
the international spirit on the cam
pus are invited to attend.
The International Relations dis
cussion group of the Y.W.C.A. will
meet Thursday night from 7 to 8
o'clock in the downstairs corner
room of the Women's Clubhouse.
According to Catherine" Guerard,
chairman, plans for the group's pro
jected visit to the International
House at Berkeley will be discussed.
All women interested in promoting
the international spirit on the cam
pus are invited to attend.
The International Relations dis
cussion group of the Y.W.C.A. will
meet Thursday night from 7 to 8
o'clock in the downstairs corner
room of the Women's Clubhouse.
According to Catherine" Guerard,
chairman, plans for the group's pro
jected visit to the International
House at Berkeley will be discussed.
All women interested in promoting
the international spirit on the cam
pus are invited to attend.
