# NATIONAL OFFICIAL OF N.S.F.A. FETED BY LOCAL CHAPTER
## 
### 
Local committee members of the
National Students' Federation of
America entertained Chester Wil
liams, national secretary, yesterday
at a luncheon in the Stanford Union.
Bernarr Bates, chairman of the Stan
ford committee, introduced the vis
itor.
Following the recent N.S.F.A. Con
gress at Atlanta, Georgia, Williams
has been making a tour of the coun
try. He is conferring with all uni
versity members of the organization
to outline and define their duties in
relation to the national body.
University committees, explained
Williams, are preparing a student
travel service which will dispense in
formation to persons who are plan
ning trips. Debates with foreign
teams are also being sponsored by the
federation. Its major principle has
been to form a connecting link for
all university members.
