# Moonlight Walking Banned; Students Boycott Classes
## 
### 
Following a successful all-campus
student strike at Hanover College,
Indiana, men and women will be al
lowed to continue their moonlight
strolls until 10:15 o'clock on week
ends.
Following a successful all-campus
student strike at Hanover College,
Indiana, men and women will be al
lowed to continue their moonlight
strolls until 10:15 o'clock on week
ends.
Following a successful all-campus
student strike at Hanover College,
Indiana, men and women will be al
lowed to continue their moonlight
strolls until 10:15 o'clock on week
ends.
Following a successful all-campus
student strike at Hanover College,
Indiana, men and women will be al
lowed to continue their moonlight
strolls until 10:15 o'clock on week
ends.
Following a successful all-campus
student strike at Hanover College,
Indiana, men and women will be al
lowed to continue their moonlight
strolls until 10:15 o'clock on week
ends.
Following a successful all-campus
student strike at Hanover College,
Indiana, men and women will be al
lowed to continue their moonlight
strolls until 10:15 o'clock on week
ends.
Following a successful all-campus
student strike at Hanover College,
Indiana, men and women will be al
lowed to continue their moonlight
strolls until 10:15 o'clock on week
ends.
Following a successful all-campus
student strike at Hanover College,
Indiana, men and women will be al
lowed to continue their moonlight
strolls until 10:15 o'clock on week
ends.
Following a successful all-campus
student strike at Hanover College,
Indiana, men and women will be al
lowed to continue their moonlight
strolls until 10:15 o'clock on week
ends.
Following a successful all-campus
student strike at Hanover College,
Indiana, men and women will be al
lowed to continue their moonlight
strolls until 10:15 o'clock on week
ends.
Following a successful all-campus
student strike at Hanover College,
Indiana, men and women will be al
lowed to continue their moonlight
strolls until 10:15 o'clock on week
ends.
Following a successful all-campus
student strike at Hanover College,
Indiana, men and women will be al
lowed to continue their moonlight
strolls until 10:15 o'clock on week
ends.
Following a successful all-campus
student strike at Hanover College,
Indiana, men and women will be al
lowed to continue their moonlight
strolls until 10:15 o'clock on week
ends.
Following a successful all-campus
student strike at Hanover College,
Indiana, men and women will be al
lowed to continue their moonlight
strolls until 10:15 o'clock on week
ends.
Following a successful all-campus
student strike at Hanover College,
Indiana, men and women will be al
lowed to continue their moonlight
strolls until 10:15 o'clock on week
ends.
