# Untitled Article
## 
### 
An angling record has been set by
Robert Butter, of Scotland, who has
caught 19,000 trout with his rod be
sides more than a thousand fish of
other varieties.
An angling record has been set by
Robert Butter, of Scotland, who has
caught 19,000 trout with his rod be
sides more than a thousand fish of
other varieties.
An angling record has been set by
Robert Butter, of Scotland, who has
caught 19,000 trout with his rod be
sides more than a thousand fish of
other varieties.
An angling record has been set by
Robert Butter, of Scotland, who has
caught 19,000 trout with his rod be
sides more than a thousand fish of
other varieties.
An angling record has been set by
Robert Butter, of Scotland, who has
caught 19,000 trout with his rod be
sides more than a thousand fish of
other varieties.
An angling record has been set by
Robert Butter, of Scotland, who has
caught 19,000 trout with his rod be
sides more than a thousand fish of
other varieties.
An angling record has been set by
Robert Butter, of Scotland, who has
caught 19,000 trout with his rod be
sides more than a thousand fish of
other varieties.
An angling record has been set by
Robert Butter, of Scotland, who has
caught 19,000 trout with his rod be
sides more than a thousand fish of
other varieties.
An angling record has been set by
Robert Butter, of Scotland, who has
caught 19,000 trout with his rod be
sides more than a thousand fish of
other varieties.
An angling record has been set by
Robert Butter, of Scotland, who has
caught 19,000 trout with his rod be
sides more than a thousand fish of
other varieties.
An angling record has been set by
Robert Butter, of Scotland, who has
caught 19,000 trout with his rod be
sides more than a thousand fish of
other varieties.
An angling record has been set by
Robert Butter, of Scotland, who has
caught 19,000 trout with his rod be
sides more than a thousand fish of
other varieties.
An angling record has been set by
Robert Butter, of Scotland, who has
caught 19,000 trout with his rod be
sides more than a thousand fish of
other varieties.
An angling record has been set by
Robert Butter, of Scotland, who has
caught 19,000 trout with his rod be
sides more than a thousand fish of
other varieties.
An angling record has been set by
Robert Butter, of Scotland, who has
caught 19,000 trout with his rod be
sides more than a thousand fish of
other varieties.
