# Untitled Article
## 
### 

OPEN-AIR CONFERENCE—Lieut. Gen. Joseph W. Stilwell—
"Vinegar Joe" —center, discusses China-India-Burma cam
paign with Major Gen. Liao Yau-siang, commander of Amer
ican-trained Chinese division, in northern Burma. Standing
is Capt. Richard Young, American-born Chinese, who is Stil
well's aide-de-camp. u s Arm > i ' i,aux

OPEN-AIR CONFERENCE—Lieut. Gen. Joseph W. Stilwell—
"Vinegar Joe" —center, discusses China-India-Burma cam
paign with Major Gen. Liao Yau-siang, commander of Amer
ican-trained Chinese division, in northern Burma. Standing
is Capt. Richard Young, American-born Chinese, who is Stil
well's aide-de-camp. u s Arm > i ' i,aux

OPEN-AIR CONFERENCE—Lieut. Gen. Joseph W. Stilwell—
"Vinegar Joe" —center, discusses China-India-Burma cam
paign with Major Gen. Liao Yau-siang, commander of Amer
ican-trained Chinese division, in northern Burma. Standing
is Capt. Richard Young, American-born Chinese, who is Stil
well's aide-de-camp. u s Arm > i ' i,aux

OPEN-AIR CONFERENCE—Lieut. Gen. Joseph W. Stilwell—
"Vinegar Joe" —center, discusses China-India-Burma cam
paign with Major Gen. Liao Yau-siang, commander of Amer
ican-trained Chinese division, in northern Burma. Standing
is Capt. Richard Young, American-born Chinese, who is Stil
well's aide-de-camp. u s Arm > i ' i,aux

OPEN-AIR CONFERENCE—Lieut. Gen. Joseph W. Stilwell—
"Vinegar Joe" —center, discusses China-India-Burma cam
paign with Major Gen. Liao Yau-siang, commander of Amer
ican-trained Chinese division, in northern Burma. Standing
is Capt. Richard Young, American-born Chinese, who is Stil
well's aide-de-camp. u s Arm > i ' i,aux

OPEN-AIR CONFERENCE—Lieut. Gen. Joseph W. Stilwell—
"Vinegar Joe" —center, discusses China-India-Burma cam
paign with Major Gen. Liao Yau-siang, commander of Amer
ican-trained Chinese division, in northern Burma. Standing
is Capt. Richard Young, American-born Chinese, who is Stil
well's aide-de-camp. u s Arm > i ' i,aux

OPEN-AIR CONFERENCE—Lieut. Gen. Joseph W. Stilwell—
"Vinegar Joe" —center, discusses China-India-Burma cam
paign with Major Gen. Liao Yau-siang, commander of Amer
ican-trained Chinese division, in northern Burma. Standing
is Capt. Richard Young, American-born Chinese, who is Stil
well's aide-de-camp. u s Arm > i ' i,aux

OPEN-AIR CONFERENCE—Lieut. Gen. Joseph W. Stilwell—
"Vinegar Joe" —center, discusses China-India-Burma cam
paign with Major Gen. Liao Yau-siang, commander of Amer
ican-trained Chinese division, in northern Burma. Standing
is Capt. Richard Young, American-born Chinese, who is Stil
well's aide-de-camp. u s Arm > i ' i,aux

OPEN-AIR CONFERENCE—Lieut. Gen. Joseph W. Stilwell—
"Vinegar Joe" —center, discusses China-India-Burma cam
paign with Major Gen. Liao Yau-siang, commander of Amer
ican-trained Chinese division, in northern Burma. Standing
is Capt. Richard Young, American-born Chinese, who is Stil
well's aide-de-camp. u s Arm > i ' i,aux

OPEN-AIR CONFERENCE—Lieut. Gen. Joseph W. Stilwell—
"Vinegar Joe" —center, discusses China-India-Burma cam
paign with Major Gen. Liao Yau-siang, commander of Amer
ican-trained Chinese division, in northern Burma. Standing
is Capt. Richard Young, American-born Chinese, who is Stil
well's aide-de-camp. u s Arm > i ' i,aux

OPEN-AIR CONFERENCE—Lieut. Gen. Joseph W. Stilwell—
"Vinegar Joe" —center, discusses China-India-Burma cam
paign with Major Gen. Liao Yau-siang, commander of Amer
ican-trained Chinese division, in northern Burma. Standing
is Capt. Richard Young, American-born Chinese, who is Stil
well's aide-de-camp. u s Arm > i ' i,aux

OPEN-AIR CONFERENCE—Lieut. Gen. Joseph W. Stilwell—
"Vinegar Joe" —center, discusses China-India-Burma cam
paign with Major Gen. Liao Yau-siang, commander of Amer
ican-trained Chinese division, in northern Burma. Standing
is Capt. Richard Young, American-born Chinese, who is Stil
well's aide-de-camp. u s Arm > i ' i,aux

OPEN-AIR CONFERENCE—Lieut. Gen. Joseph W. Stilwell—
"Vinegar Joe" —center, discusses China-India-Burma cam
paign with Major Gen. Liao Yau-siang, commander of Amer
ican-trained Chinese division, in northern Burma. Standing
is Capt. Richard Young, American-born Chinese, who is Stil
well's aide-de-camp. u s Arm > i ' i,aux

OPEN-AIR CONFERENCE—Lieut. Gen. Joseph W. Stilwell—
"Vinegar Joe" —center, discusses China-India-Burma cam
paign with Major Gen. Liao Yau-siang, commander of Amer
ican-trained Chinese division, in northern Burma. Standing
is Capt. Richard Young, American-born Chinese, who is Stil
well's aide-de-camp. u s Arm > i ' i,aux

OPEN-AIR CONFERENCE—Lieut. Gen. Joseph W. Stilwell—
"Vinegar Joe" —center, discusses China-India-Burma cam
paign with Major Gen. Liao Yau-siang, commander of Amer
ican-trained Chinese division, in northern Burma. Standing
is Capt. Richard Young, American-born Chinese, who is Stil
well's aide-de-camp. u s Arm > i ' i,aux
