# CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
## 
### 
The Christian Science organization
will meet tonight at 9 in the vestry.
A business meeting for members will
be at 8:30.
The Christian Science organization
will meet tonight at 9 in the vestry.
A business meeting for members will
be at 8:30.
The Christian Science organization
will meet tonight at 9 in the vestry.
A business meeting for members will
be at 8:30.
The Christian Science organization
will meet tonight at 9 in the vestry.
A business meeting for members will
be at 8:30.
The Christian Science organization
will meet tonight at 9 in the vestry.
A business meeting for members will
be at 8:30.
The Christian Science organization
will meet tonight at 9 in the vestry.
A business meeting for members will
be at 8:30.
The Christian Science organization
will meet tonight at 9 in the vestry.
A business meeting for members will
be at 8:30.
The Christian Science organization
will meet tonight at 9 in the vestry.
A business meeting for members will
be at 8:30.
The Christian Science organization
will meet tonight at 9 in the vestry.
A business meeting for members will
be at 8:30.
The Christian Science organization
will meet tonight at 9 in the vestry.
A business meeting for members will
be at 8:30.
The Christian Science organization
will meet tonight at 9 in the vestry.
A business meeting for members will
be at 8:30.
The Christian Science organization
will meet tonight at 9 in the vestry.
A business meeting for members will
be at 8:30.
The Christian Science organization
will meet tonight at 9 in the vestry.
A business meeting for members will
be at 8:30.
The Christian Science organization
will meet tonight at 9 in the vestry.
A business meeting for members will
be at 8:30.
The Christian Science organization
will meet tonight at 9 in the vestry.
A business meeting for members will
be at 8:30.
