# Today's Organ Recital To Feature Bach Pieces
## 
### 
Thirty minutes of favorite selec
tions by Bach will be played this aft
ernoon at 5. at Memorial Church, at
the request of Winter Quarter audi
jnces.
Thirty minutes of favorite selec
tions by Bach will be played this aft
ernoon at 5. at Memorial Church, at
the request of Winter Quarter audi
jnces.
Thirty minutes of favorite selec
tions by Bach will be played this aft
ernoon at 5. at Memorial Church, at
the request of Winter Quarter audi
jnces.
Thirty minutes of favorite selec
tions by Bach will be played this aft
ernoon at 5. at Memorial Church, at
the request of Winter Quarter audi
jnces.
Thirty minutes of favorite selec
tions by Bach will be played this aft
ernoon at 5. at Memorial Church, at
the request of Winter Quarter audi
jnces.
Thirty minutes of favorite selec
tions by Bach will be played this aft
ernoon at 5. at Memorial Church, at
the request of Winter Quarter audi
jnces.
Thirty minutes of favorite selec
tions by Bach will be played this aft
ernoon at 5. at Memorial Church, at
the request of Winter Quarter audi
jnces.
Thirty minutes of favorite selec
tions by Bach will be played this aft
ernoon at 5. at Memorial Church, at
the request of Winter Quarter audi
jnces.
Thirty minutes of favorite selec
tions by Bach will be played this aft
ernoon at 5. at Memorial Church, at
the request of Winter Quarter audi
jnces.
Thirty minutes of favorite selec
tions by Bach will be played this aft
ernoon at 5. at Memorial Church, at
the request of Winter Quarter audi
jnces.
Thirty minutes of favorite selec
tions by Bach will be played this aft
ernoon at 5. at Memorial Church, at
the request of Winter Quarter audi
jnces.
Thirty minutes of favorite selec
tions by Bach will be played this aft
ernoon at 5. at Memorial Church, at
the request of Winter Quarter audi
jnces.
Thirty minutes of favorite selec
tions by Bach will be played this aft
ernoon at 5. at Memorial Church, at
the request of Winter Quarter audi
jnces.
Thirty minutes of favorite selec
tions by Bach will be played this aft
ernoon at 5. at Memorial Church, at
the request of Winter Quarter audi
jnces.
Thirty minutes of favorite selec
tions by Bach will be played this aft
ernoon at 5. at Memorial Church, at
the request of Winter Quarter audi
jnces.
