# Stanford Volunteers Donate Blood Today
## 
### 
All students who signed 011 last
week's Blood Bank list will donate
blood today at the Community
Center in Palo Alto, reported
Chairman Patty Patten.
Anyone who cannot keep his ap
pointment should phone the Com
munity Center at P.A. 22161 this
morning.
The Red Cross Motor Corps will
pick up donors on the Engineering
corner 20 minutes before the time
of their appointment. Donors
should not eat for four hours be
forehand.
All students who signed 011 last
week's Blood Bank list will donate
blood today at the Community
Center in Palo Alto, reported
Chairman Patty Patten.
Anyone who cannot keep his ap
pointment should phone the Com
munity Center at P.A. 22161 this
morning.
The Red Cross Motor Corps will
pick up donors on the Engineering
corner 20 minutes before the time
of their appointment. Donors
should not eat for four hours be
forehand.
All students who signed 011 last
week's Blood Bank list will donate
blood today at the Community
Center in Palo Alto, reported
Chairman Patty Patten.
Anyone who cannot keep his ap
pointment should phone the Com
munity Center at P.A. 22161 this
morning.
The Red Cross Motor Corps will
pick up donors on the Engineering
corner 20 minutes before the time
of their appointment. Donors
should not eat for four hours be
forehand.
All students who signed 011 last
week's Blood Bank list will donate
blood today at the Community
Center in Palo Alto, reported
Chairman Patty Patten.
Anyone who cannot keep his ap
pointment should phone the Com
munity Center at P.A. 22161 this
morning.
The Red Cross Motor Corps will
pick up donors on the Engineering
corner 20 minutes before the time
of their appointment. Donors
should not eat for four hours be
forehand.
All students who signed 011 last
week's Blood Bank list will donate
blood today at the Community
Center in Palo Alto, reported
Chairman Patty Patten.
Anyone who cannot keep his ap
pointment should phone the Com
munity Center at P.A. 22161 this
morning.
The Red Cross Motor Corps will
pick up donors on the Engineering
corner 20 minutes before the time
of their appointment. Donors
should not eat for four hours be
forehand.
All students who signed 011 last
week's Blood Bank list will donate
blood today at the Community
Center in Palo Alto, reported
Chairman Patty Patten.
Anyone who cannot keep his ap
pointment should phone the Com
munity Center at P.A. 22161 this
morning.
The Red Cross Motor Corps will
pick up donors on the Engineering
corner 20 minutes before the time
of their appointment. Donors
should not eat for four hours be
forehand.
All students who signed 011 last
week's Blood Bank list will donate
blood today at the Community
Center in Palo Alto, reported
Chairman Patty Patten.
Anyone who cannot keep his ap
pointment should phone the Com
munity Center at P.A. 22161 this
morning.
The Red Cross Motor Corps will
pick up donors on the Engineering
corner 20 minutes before the time
of their appointment. Donors
should not eat for four hours be
forehand.
All students who signed 011 last
week's Blood Bank list will donate
blood today at the Community
Center in Palo Alto, reported
Chairman Patty Patten.
Anyone who cannot keep his ap
pointment should phone the Com
munity Center at P.A. 22161 this
morning.
The Red Cross Motor Corps will
pick up donors on the Engineering
corner 20 minutes before the time
of their appointment. Donors
should not eat for four hours be
forehand.
All students who signed 011 last
week's Blood Bank list will donate
blood today at the Community
Center in Palo Alto, reported
Chairman Patty Patten.
Anyone who cannot keep his ap
pointment should phone the Com
munity Center at P.A. 22161 this
morning.
The Red Cross Motor Corps will
pick up donors on the Engineering
corner 20 minutes before the time
of their appointment. Donors
should not eat for four hours be
forehand.
All students who signed 011 last
week's Blood Bank list will donate
blood today at the Community
Center in Palo Alto, reported
Chairman Patty Patten.
Anyone who cannot keep his ap
pointment should phone the Com
munity Center at P.A. 22161 this
morning.
The Red Cross Motor Corps will
pick up donors on the Engineering
corner 20 minutes before the time
of their appointment. Donors
should not eat for four hours be
forehand.
All students who signed 011 last
week's Blood Bank list will donate
blood today at the Community
Center in Palo Alto, reported
Chairman Patty Patten.
Anyone who cannot keep his ap
pointment should phone the Com
munity Center at P.A. 22161 this
morning.
The Red Cross Motor Corps will
pick up donors on the Engineering
corner 20 minutes before the time
of their appointment. Donors
should not eat for four hours be
forehand.
All students who signed 011 last
week's Blood Bank list will donate
blood today at the Community
Center in Palo Alto, reported
Chairman Patty Patten.
Anyone who cannot keep his ap
pointment should phone the Com
munity Center at P.A. 22161 this
morning.
The Red Cross Motor Corps will
pick up donors on the Engineering
corner 20 minutes before the time
of their appointment. Donors
should not eat for four hours be
forehand.
All students who signed 011 last
week's Blood Bank list will donate
blood today at the Community
Center in Palo Alto, reported
Chairman Patty Patten.
Anyone who cannot keep his ap
pointment should phone the Com
munity Center at P.A. 22161 this
morning.
The Red Cross Motor Corps will
pick up donors on the Engineering
corner 20 minutes before the time
of their appointment. Donors
should not eat for four hours be
forehand.
All students who signed 011 last
week's Blood Bank list will donate
blood today at the Community
Center in Palo Alto, reported
Chairman Patty Patten.
Anyone who cannot keep his ap
pointment should phone the Com
munity Center at P.A. 22161 this
morning.
The Red Cross Motor Corps will
pick up donors on the Engineering
corner 20 minutes before the time
of their appointment. Donors
should not eat for four hours be
forehand.
All students who signed 011 last
week's Blood Bank list will donate
blood today at the Community
Center in Palo Alto, reported
Chairman Patty Patten.
Anyone who cannot keep his ap
pointment should phone the Com
munity Center at P.A. 22161 this
morning.
The Red Cross Motor Corps will
pick up donors on the Engineering
corner 20 minutes before the time
of their appointment. Donors
should not eat for four hours be
forehand.
