# DAILY Sports
## Fulton Withdraws Entries in Meets 
### 
An infected toe on his left foot has
forced Johnny Fulton to forego the
remainder of the 1944 indoor track
season in the East. The former
Stanford middle distance runner has
canceled his entries in the Chicago
Relays this Saturday, and in the
Cleveland meet to be held March 24.
Fulton competed this season under
the colors of the San Francisco
Olympic Club, taking a leave of
absence from Stanford. He won the
Millrose 660-yard race in New York
Feb. 5, and the Lapham 1,000-yard
race in Boston Feb. 12. In his last
race, Johnny was narrowly beaten by
Jim Herbert in another 600-yard
race at the Knights of Columbus
meet in New York City last Satur
day.
