# SEQUOIA MEN TURN PROFANITY PROFITS TO RELIEF BENEFIT
## 
### 
Profanity will serve a good cause!
At last one of the evils of man will be
turned to the benefit of humanity. Two
dollars and a half, the contents of the
"cuss pot" of the men at table A in
Sequoia Hall, will be turned into the
Near East Relief fund, according to a
decision made by the men.
Not to be outdone by the action of
Roble in voting her surplus fund to the
Relief, the men endeavored to discover
a similar surplus fund, with the result
that the profanity profits became desig
nated as "surplus." Each slip of the
tongue at table A for some time has
incurred a material rebuff which is at
once delegated to the coffers which rep
resent the cost of profanity to the Se
quoia men and which will now be of
material aid to the Near East Relief.
