# Duniway Receives Honor at Portland
## 
### 
C. A. Duniway, of the History de
partment, was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Coast Branch
of the American Association, last Sat
urday, December ist, at the third an
nual session of the society, in Port
land. W. D. Fcnton, of Portland, the
father of K. L. Fenton, '08, was re
elected president; James D. Phelan,
of San Francisco, was chosen as vice
president, and Prof. H. Morse Steph
ens, of Berkeley, was elected as a
member of the executive committee.
C. A. Duniway, of the History de
partment, was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Coast Branch
of the American Association, last Sat
urday, December ist, at the third an
nual session of the society, in Port
land. W. D. Fcnton, of Portland, the
father of K. L. Fenton, '08, was re
elected president; James D. Phelan,
of San Francisco, was chosen as vice
president, and Prof. H. Morse Steph
ens, of Berkeley, was elected as a
member of the executive committee.
C. A. Duniway, of the History de
partment, was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Coast Branch
of the American Association, last Sat
urday, December ist, at the third an
nual session of the society, in Port
land. W. D. Fcnton, of Portland, the
father of K. L. Fenton, '08, was re
elected president; James D. Phelan,
of San Francisco, was chosen as vice
president, and Prof. H. Morse Steph
ens, of Berkeley, was elected as a
member of the executive committee.
C. A. Duniway, of the History de
partment, was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Coast Branch
of the American Association, last Sat
urday, December ist, at the third an
nual session of the society, in Port
land. W. D. Fcnton, of Portland, the
father of K. L. Fenton, '08, was re
elected president; James D. Phelan,
of San Francisco, was chosen as vice
president, and Prof. H. Morse Steph
ens, of Berkeley, was elected as a
member of the executive committee.
C. A. Duniway, of the History de
partment, was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Coast Branch
of the American Association, last Sat
urday, December ist, at the third an
nual session of the society, in Port
land. W. D. Fcnton, of Portland, the
father of K. L. Fenton, '08, was re
elected president; James D. Phelan,
of San Francisco, was chosen as vice
president, and Prof. H. Morse Steph
ens, of Berkeley, was elected as a
member of the executive committee.
C. A. Duniway, of the History de
partment, was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Coast Branch
of the American Association, last Sat
urday, December ist, at the third an
nual session of the society, in Port
land. W. D. Fcnton, of Portland, the
father of K. L. Fenton, '08, was re
elected president; James D. Phelan,
of San Francisco, was chosen as vice
president, and Prof. H. Morse Steph
ens, of Berkeley, was elected as a
member of the executive committee.
C. A. Duniway, of the History de
partment, was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Coast Branch
of the American Association, last Sat
urday, December ist, at the third an
nual session of the society, in Port
land. W. D. Fcnton, of Portland, the
father of K. L. Fenton, '08, was re
elected president; James D. Phelan,
of San Francisco, was chosen as vice
president, and Prof. H. Morse Steph
ens, of Berkeley, was elected as a
member of the executive committee.
C. A. Duniway, of the History de
partment, was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Coast Branch
of the American Association, last Sat
urday, December ist, at the third an
nual session of the society, in Port
land. W. D. Fcnton, of Portland, the
father of K. L. Fenton, '08, was re
elected president; James D. Phelan,
of San Francisco, was chosen as vice
president, and Prof. H. Morse Steph
ens, of Berkeley, was elected as a
member of the executive committee.
C. A. Duniway, of the History de
partment, was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Coast Branch
of the American Association, last Sat
urday, December ist, at the third an
nual session of the society, in Port
land. W. D. Fcnton, of Portland, the
father of K. L. Fenton, '08, was re
elected president; James D. Phelan,
of San Francisco, was chosen as vice
president, and Prof. H. Morse Steph
ens, of Berkeley, was elected as a
member of the executive committee.
