# Adv. 21 Page 5
## 
### 
O'CONNOR,
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at o'farrell
match-making
Contrary to expectations,
this woolie suit is de
cidedly a matched-up-af
fair ... to be bought
separately or together as
you please.
|acket has bi-swing back,
double-breasted jjjjp* 05
front 0)
Skirt with kick-pleat and
pockets that $3 00
button down.... 3
Both can be had in navy
and - white, brown - and
white, plain navy, brown.
Sizes 10 to 16.
CiRL'S SHOP
Fourth Floor
O'CONNOR,
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at o'farrell
match-making
Contrary to expectations,
this woolie suit is de
cidedly a matched-up-af
fair ... to be bought
separately or together as
you please.
|acket has bi-swing back,
double-breasted jjjjp* 05
front 0)
Skirt with kick-pleat and
pockets that $3 00
button down.... 3
Both can be had in navy
and - white, brown - and
white, plain navy, brown.
Sizes 10 to 16.
CiRL'S SHOP
Fourth Floor
O'CONNOR,
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at o'farrell
match-making
Contrary to expectations,
this woolie suit is de
cidedly a matched-up-af
fair ... to be bought
separately or together as
you please.
|acket has bi-swing back,
double-breasted jjjjp* 05
front 0)
Skirt with kick-pleat and
pockets that $3 00
button down.... 3
Both can be had in navy
and - white, brown - and
white, plain navy, brown.
Sizes 10 to 16.
CiRL'S SHOP
Fourth Floor
O'CONNOR,
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at o'farrell
match-making
Contrary to expectations,
this woolie suit is de
cidedly a matched-up-af
fair ... to be bought
separately or together as
you please.
|acket has bi-swing back,
double-breasted jjjjp* 05
front 0)
Skirt with kick-pleat and
pockets that $3 00
button down.... 3
Both can be had in navy
and - white, brown - and
white, plain navy, brown.
Sizes 10 to 16.
CiRL'S SHOP
Fourth Floor
O'CONNOR,
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at o'farrell
match-making
Contrary to expectations,
this woolie suit is de
cidedly a matched-up-af
fair ... to be bought
separately or together as
you please.
|acket has bi-swing back,
double-breasted jjjjp* 05
front 0)
Skirt with kick-pleat and
pockets that $3 00
button down.... 3
Both can be had in navy
and - white, brown - and
white, plain navy, brown.
Sizes 10 to 16.
CiRL'S SHOP
Fourth Floor
O'CONNOR,
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at o'farrell
match-making
Contrary to expectations,
this woolie suit is de
cidedly a matched-up-af
fair ... to be bought
separately or together as
you please.
|acket has bi-swing back,
double-breasted jjjjp* 05
front 0)
Skirt with kick-pleat and
pockets that $3 00
button down.... 3
Both can be had in navy
and - white, brown - and
white, plain navy, brown.
Sizes 10 to 16.
CiRL'S SHOP
Fourth Floor
O'CONNOR,
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at o'farrell
match-making
Contrary to expectations,
this woolie suit is de
cidedly a matched-up-af
fair ... to be bought
separately or together as
you please.
|acket has bi-swing back,
double-breasted jjjjp* 05
front 0)
Skirt with kick-pleat and
pockets that $3 00
button down.... 3
Both can be had in navy
and - white, brown - and
white, plain navy, brown.
Sizes 10 to 16.
CiRL'S SHOP
Fourth Floor
O'CONNOR,
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at o'farrell
match-making
Contrary to expectations,
this woolie suit is de
cidedly a matched-up-af
fair ... to be bought
separately or together as
you please.
|acket has bi-swing back,
double-breasted jjjjp* 05
front 0)
Skirt with kick-pleat and
pockets that $3 00
button down.... 3
Both can be had in navy
and - white, brown - and
white, plain navy, brown.
Sizes 10 to 16.
CiRL'S SHOP
Fourth Floor
O'CONNOR,
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at o'farrell
match-making
Contrary to expectations,
this woolie suit is de
cidedly a matched-up-af
fair ... to be bought
separately or together as
you please.
|acket has bi-swing back,
double-breasted jjjjp* 05
front 0)
Skirt with kick-pleat and
pockets that $3 00
button down.... 3
Both can be had in navy
and - white, brown - and
white, plain navy, brown.
Sizes 10 to 16.
CiRL'S SHOP
Fourth Floor
O'CONNOR,
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at o'farrell
match-making
Contrary to expectations,
this woolie suit is de
cidedly a matched-up-af
fair ... to be bought
separately or together as
you please.
|acket has bi-swing back,
double-breasted jjjjp* 05
front 0)
Skirt with kick-pleat and
pockets that $3 00
button down.... 3
Both can be had in navy
and - white, brown - and
white, plain navy, brown.
Sizes 10 to 16.
CiRL'S SHOP
Fourth Floor
O'CONNOR,
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at o'farrell
match-making
Contrary to expectations,
this woolie suit is de
cidedly a matched-up-af
fair ... to be bought
separately or together as
you please.
|acket has bi-swing back,
double-breasted jjjjp* 05
front 0)
Skirt with kick-pleat and
pockets that $3 00
button down.... 3
Both can be had in navy
and - white, brown - and
white, plain navy, brown.
Sizes 10 to 16.
CiRL'S SHOP
Fourth Floor
O'CONNOR,
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at o'farrell
match-making
Contrary to expectations,
this woolie suit is de
cidedly a matched-up-af
fair ... to be bought
separately or together as
you please.
|acket has bi-swing back,
double-breasted jjjjp* 05
front 0)
Skirt with kick-pleat and
pockets that $3 00
button down.... 3
Both can be had in navy
and - white, brown - and
white, plain navy, brown.
Sizes 10 to 16.
CiRL'S SHOP
Fourth Floor
O'CONNOR,
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at o'farrell
match-making
Contrary to expectations,
this woolie suit is de
cidedly a matched-up-af
fair ... to be bought
separately or together as
you please.
|acket has bi-swing back,
double-breasted jjjjp* 05
front 0)
Skirt with kick-pleat and
pockets that $3 00
button down.... 3
Both can be had in navy
and - white, brown - and
white, plain navy, brown.
Sizes 10 to 16.
CiRL'S SHOP
Fourth Floor
O'CONNOR,
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at o'farrell
match-making
Contrary to expectations,
this woolie suit is de
cidedly a matched-up-af
fair ... to be bought
separately or together as
you please.
|acket has bi-swing back,
double-breasted jjjjp* 05
front 0)
Skirt with kick-pleat and
pockets that $3 00
button down.... 3
Both can be had in navy
and - white, brown - and
white, plain navy, brown.
Sizes 10 to 16.
CiRL'S SHOP
Fourth Floor
O'CONNOR,
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at o'farrell
match-making
Contrary to expectations,
this woolie suit is de
cidedly a matched-up-af
fair ... to be bought
separately or together as
you please.
|acket has bi-swing back,
double-breasted jjjjp* 05
front 0)
Skirt with kick-pleat and
pockets that $3 00
button down.... 3
Both can be had in navy
and - white, brown - and
white, plain navy, brown.
Sizes 10 to 16.
CiRL'S SHOP
Fourth Floor
