# ANNOUNCE PLEDGE
## 
### 
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Allen L. Oddie, '38.
Autos in the United States use over
14,500,000,000 gallons of gasoline a
year.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Allen L. Oddie, '38.
Autos in the United States use over
14,500,000,000 gallons of gasoline a
year.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Allen L. Oddie, '38.
Autos in the United States use over
14,500,000,000 gallons of gasoline a
year.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Allen L. Oddie, '38.
Autos in the United States use over
14,500,000,000 gallons of gasoline a
year.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Allen L. Oddie, '38.
Autos in the United States use over
14,500,000,000 gallons of gasoline a
year.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Allen L. Oddie, '38.
Autos in the United States use over
14,500,000,000 gallons of gasoline a
year.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Allen L. Oddie, '38.
Autos in the United States use over
14,500,000,000 gallons of gasoline a
year.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Allen L. Oddie, '38.
Autos in the United States use over
14,500,000,000 gallons of gasoline a
year.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Allen L. Oddie, '38.
Autos in the United States use over
14,500,000,000 gallons of gasoline a
year.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Allen L. Oddie, '38.
Autos in the United States use over
14,500,000,000 gallons of gasoline a
year.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Allen L. Oddie, '38.
Autos in the United States use over
14,500,000,000 gallons of gasoline a
year.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Allen L. Oddie, '38.
Autos in the United States use over
14,500,000,000 gallons of gasoline a
year.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Allen L. Oddie, '38.
Autos in the United States use over
14,500,000,000 gallons of gasoline a
year.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Allen L. Oddie, '38.
Autos in the United States use over
14,500,000,000 gallons of gasoline a
year.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Allen L. Oddie, '38.
Autos in the United States use over
14,500,000,000 gallons of gasoline a
year.
