# A.A.U.W. Offers Course In Flower Arrangement
## 
### 
The first of six lectures comprising
a course in flower arrangement will
be given at 4:30 o'clock Tuesday in
the Tea Room of the Stanford Wom
en's Club by Fred C. Frey of the
Allied Arts Guild.
The course will emphasize color,
texture, and the use of flowers, for
mally and informally. The series is
being sponsored by the Hobby Sec
tion, A.A.U.W., and Mrs. A. D. Mc-
Bryde, and is open to the public.
The first of six lectures comprising
a course in flower arrangement will
be given at 4:30 o'clock Tuesday in
the Tea Room of the Stanford Wom
en's Club by Fred C. Frey of the
Allied Arts Guild.
The course will emphasize color,
texture, and the use of flowers, for
mally and informally. The series is
being sponsored by the Hobby Sec
tion, A.A.U.W., and Mrs. A. D. Mc-
Bryde, and is open to the public.
The first of six lectures comprising
a course in flower arrangement will
be given at 4:30 o'clock Tuesday in
the Tea Room of the Stanford Wom
en's Club by Fred C. Frey of the
Allied Arts Guild.
The course will emphasize color,
texture, and the use of flowers, for
mally and informally. The series is
being sponsored by the Hobby Sec
tion, A.A.U.W., and Mrs. A. D. Mc-
Bryde, and is open to the public.
The first of six lectures comprising
a course in flower arrangement will
be given at 4:30 o'clock Tuesday in
the Tea Room of the Stanford Wom
en's Club by Fred C. Frey of the
Allied Arts Guild.
The course will emphasize color,
texture, and the use of flowers, for
mally and informally. The series is
being sponsored by the Hobby Sec
tion, A.A.U.W., and Mrs. A. D. Mc-
Bryde, and is open to the public.
The first of six lectures comprising
a course in flower arrangement will
be given at 4:30 o'clock Tuesday in
the Tea Room of the Stanford Wom
en's Club by Fred C. Frey of the
Allied Arts Guild.
The course will emphasize color,
texture, and the use of flowers, for
mally and informally. The series is
being sponsored by the Hobby Sec
tion, A.A.U.W., and Mrs. A. D. Mc-
Bryde, and is open to the public.
The first of six lectures comprising
a course in flower arrangement will
be given at 4:30 o'clock Tuesday in
the Tea Room of the Stanford Wom
en's Club by Fred C. Frey of the
Allied Arts Guild.
The course will emphasize color,
texture, and the use of flowers, for
mally and informally. The series is
being sponsored by the Hobby Sec
tion, A.A.U.W., and Mrs. A. D. Mc-
Bryde, and is open to the public.
The first of six lectures comprising
a course in flower arrangement will
be given at 4:30 o'clock Tuesday in
the Tea Room of the Stanford Wom
en's Club by Fred C. Frey of the
Allied Arts Guild.
The course will emphasize color,
texture, and the use of flowers, for
mally and informally. The series is
being sponsored by the Hobby Sec
tion, A.A.U.W., and Mrs. A. D. Mc-
Bryde, and is open to the public.
The first of six lectures comprising
a course in flower arrangement will
be given at 4:30 o'clock Tuesday in
the Tea Room of the Stanford Wom
en's Club by Fred C. Frey of the
Allied Arts Guild.
The course will emphasize color,
texture, and the use of flowers, for
mally and informally. The series is
being sponsored by the Hobby Sec
tion, A.A.U.W., and Mrs. A. D. Mc-
Bryde, and is open to the public.
The first of six lectures comprising
a course in flower arrangement will
be given at 4:30 o'clock Tuesday in
the Tea Room of the Stanford Wom
en's Club by Fred C. Frey of the
Allied Arts Guild.
The course will emphasize color,
texture, and the use of flowers, for
mally and informally. The series is
being sponsored by the Hobby Sec
tion, A.A.U.W., and Mrs. A. D. Mc-
Bryde, and is open to the public.
The first of six lectures comprising
a course in flower arrangement will
be given at 4:30 o'clock Tuesday in
the Tea Room of the Stanford Wom
en's Club by Fred C. Frey of the
Allied Arts Guild.
The course will emphasize color,
texture, and the use of flowers, for
mally and informally. The series is
being sponsored by the Hobby Sec
tion, A.A.U.W., and Mrs. A. D. Mc-
Bryde, and is open to the public.
The first of six lectures comprising
a course in flower arrangement will
be given at 4:30 o'clock Tuesday in
the Tea Room of the Stanford Wom
en's Club by Fred C. Frey of the
Allied Arts Guild.
The course will emphasize color,
texture, and the use of flowers, for
mally and informally. The series is
being sponsored by the Hobby Sec
tion, A.A.U.W., and Mrs. A. D. Mc-
Bryde, and is open to the public.
The first of six lectures comprising
a course in flower arrangement will
be given at 4:30 o'clock Tuesday in
the Tea Room of the Stanford Wom
en's Club by Fred C. Frey of the
Allied Arts Guild.
The course will emphasize color,
texture, and the use of flowers, for
mally and informally. The series is
being sponsored by the Hobby Sec
tion, A.A.U.W., and Mrs. A. D. Mc-
Bryde, and is open to the public.
The first of six lectures comprising
a course in flower arrangement will
be given at 4:30 o'clock Tuesday in
the Tea Room of the Stanford Wom
en's Club by Fred C. Frey of the
Allied Arts Guild.
The course will emphasize color,
texture, and the use of flowers, for
mally and informally. The series is
being sponsored by the Hobby Sec
tion, A.A.U.W., and Mrs. A. D. Mc-
Bryde, and is open to the public.
The first of six lectures comprising
a course in flower arrangement will
be given at 4:30 o'clock Tuesday in
the Tea Room of the Stanford Wom
en's Club by Fred C. Frey of the
Allied Arts Guild.
The course will emphasize color,
texture, and the use of flowers, for
mally and informally. The series is
being sponsored by the Hobby Sec
tion, A.A.U.W., and Mrs. A. D. Mc-
Bryde, and is open to the public.
The first of six lectures comprising
a course in flower arrangement will
be given at 4:30 o'clock Tuesday in
the Tea Room of the Stanford Wom
en's Club by Fred C. Frey of the
Allied Arts Guild.
The course will emphasize color,
texture, and the use of flowers, for
mally and informally. The series is
being sponsored by the Hobby Sec
tion, A.A.U.W., and Mrs. A. D. Mc-
Bryde, and is open to the public.
