# BADMINTON CLUB MEETS
## 
### 
Tlie Faculty Badminton Club will
meet from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock on
Monday evening in the Women's
Gymnasium. Membership in this
club is open to men and women
graduates as well as to the faculty,
anyone wishing information concern
ing the club should call Miss Olm
stead at the women's gym.

According to reports from the
University of Washington infirmary,
it costs $6.48 to cure the average
jtudent's cold.
Tlie Faculty Badminton Club will
meet from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock on
Monday evening in the Women's
Gymnasium. Membership in this
club is open to men and women
graduates as well as to the faculty,
anyone wishing information concern
ing the club should call Miss Olm
stead at the women's gym.

According to reports from the
University of Washington infirmary,
it costs $6.48 to cure the average
jtudent's cold.
Tlie Faculty Badminton Club will
meet from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock on
Monday evening in the Women's
Gymnasium. Membership in this
club is open to men and women
graduates as well as to the faculty,
anyone wishing information concern
ing the club should call Miss Olm
stead at the women's gym.

According to reports from the
University of Washington infirmary,
it costs $6.48 to cure the average
jtudent's cold.
Tlie Faculty Badminton Club will
meet from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock on
Monday evening in the Women's
Gymnasium. Membership in this
club is open to men and women
graduates as well as to the faculty,
anyone wishing information concern
ing the club should call Miss Olm
stead at the women's gym.

According to reports from the
University of Washington infirmary,
it costs $6.48 to cure the average
jtudent's cold.
Tlie Faculty Badminton Club will
meet from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock on
Monday evening in the Women's
Gymnasium. Membership in this
club is open to men and women
graduates as well as to the faculty,
anyone wishing information concern
ing the club should call Miss Olm
stead at the women's gym.

According to reports from the
University of Washington infirmary,
it costs $6.48 to cure the average
jtudent's cold.
Tlie Faculty Badminton Club will
meet from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock on
Monday evening in the Women's
Gymnasium. Membership in this
club is open to men and women
graduates as well as to the faculty,
anyone wishing information concern
ing the club should call Miss Olm
stead at the women's gym.

According to reports from the
University of Washington infirmary,
it costs $6.48 to cure the average
jtudent's cold.
Tlie Faculty Badminton Club will
meet from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock on
Monday evening in the Women's
Gymnasium. Membership in this
club is open to men and women
graduates as well as to the faculty,
anyone wishing information concern
ing the club should call Miss Olm
stead at the women's gym.

According to reports from the
University of Washington infirmary,
it costs $6.48 to cure the average
jtudent's cold.
Tlie Faculty Badminton Club will
meet from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock on
Monday evening in the Women's
Gymnasium. Membership in this
club is open to men and women
graduates as well as to the faculty,
anyone wishing information concern
ing the club should call Miss Olm
stead at the women's gym.

According to reports from the
University of Washington infirmary,
it costs $6.48 to cure the average
jtudent's cold.
Tlie Faculty Badminton Club will
meet from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock on
Monday evening in the Women's
Gymnasium. Membership in this
club is open to men and women
graduates as well as to the faculty,
anyone wishing information concern
ing the club should call Miss Olm
stead at the women's gym.

According to reports from the
University of Washington infirmary,
it costs $6.48 to cure the average
jtudent's cold.
Tlie Faculty Badminton Club will
meet from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock on
Monday evening in the Women's
Gymnasium. Membership in this
club is open to men and women
graduates as well as to the faculty,
anyone wishing information concern
ing the club should call Miss Olm
stead at the women's gym.

According to reports from the
University of Washington infirmary,
it costs $6.48 to cure the average
jtudent's cold.
Tlie Faculty Badminton Club will
meet from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock on
Monday evening in the Women's
Gymnasium. Membership in this
club is open to men and women
graduates as well as to the faculty,
anyone wishing information concern
ing the club should call Miss Olm
stead at the women's gym.

According to reports from the
University of Washington infirmary,
it costs $6.48 to cure the average
jtudent's cold.
Tlie Faculty Badminton Club will
meet from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock on
Monday evening in the Women's
Gymnasium. Membership in this
club is open to men and women
graduates as well as to the faculty,
anyone wishing information concern
ing the club should call Miss Olm
stead at the women's gym.

According to reports from the
University of Washington infirmary,
it costs $6.48 to cure the average
jtudent's cold.
Tlie Faculty Badminton Club will
meet from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock on
Monday evening in the Women's
Gymnasium. Membership in this
club is open to men and women
graduates as well as to the faculty,
anyone wishing information concern
ing the club should call Miss Olm
stead at the women's gym.

According to reports from the
University of Washington infirmary,
it costs $6.48 to cure the average
jtudent's cold.
Tlie Faculty Badminton Club will
meet from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock on
Monday evening in the Women's
Gymnasium. Membership in this
club is open to men and women
graduates as well as to the faculty,
anyone wishing information concern
ing the club should call Miss Olm
stead at the women's gym.

According to reports from the
University of Washington infirmary,
it costs $6.48 to cure the average
jtudent's cold.
Tlie Faculty Badminton Club will
meet from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock on
Monday evening in the Women's
Gymnasium. Membership in this
club is open to men and women
graduates as well as to the faculty,
anyone wishing information concern
ing the club should call Miss Olm
stead at the women's gym.

According to reports from the
University of Washington infirmary,
it costs $6.48 to cure the average
jtudent's cold.
