# LUISETTI—RARE COMBINATION OF SPRING AND SPEED
## 
### 
Next year the varsity will have

another player whom the fans will '
enjoy watching in Hank Luisetti, al
ready famous tor his play on the un
defeated frosh squad. Lubsetti, like
Mcore, make- ;he most impossible
shots look easy, an:! like Moore, is
willing to lake a sho: a the bucket
no matter how hopeless the chances
appear. 1
|
Luisetti s basketball facility conies'
not only from almost growing up
with the ball, which is largely re
sponsible for Moore's success, but j
for a rare combination of spring and!
-peed. Most of Luisetti's amazing!
tallies, averaging now nearly 20
points per game, have been set-up
shots — his quick star's permitted
him to break away from the opposing
guards or his jumping legs (he
cleared some (J feet 2 inches in high
school) give him drive lo get above
the opponents for rebound shots.
Next year the varsity will have

another player whom the fans will '
enjoy watching in Hank Luisetti, al
ready famous tor his play on the un
defeated frosh squad. Lubsetti, like
Mcore, make- ;he most impossible
shots look easy, an:! like Moore, is
willing to lake a sho: a the bucket
no matter how hopeless the chances
appear. 1
|
Luisetti s basketball facility conies'
not only from almost growing up
with the ball, which is largely re
sponsible for Moore's success, but j
for a rare combination of spring and!
-peed. Most of Luisetti's amazing!
tallies, averaging now nearly 20
points per game, have been set-up
shots — his quick star's permitted
him to break away from the opposing
guards or his jumping legs (he
cleared some (J feet 2 inches in high
school) give him drive lo get above
the opponents for rebound shots.
Next year the varsity will have

another player whom the fans will '
enjoy watching in Hank Luisetti, al
ready famous tor his play on the un
defeated frosh squad. Lubsetti, like
Mcore, make- ;he most impossible
shots look easy, an:! like Moore, is
willing to lake a sho: a the bucket
no matter how hopeless the chances
appear. 1
|
Luisetti s basketball facility conies'
not only from almost growing up
with the ball, which is largely re
sponsible for Moore's success, but j
for a rare combination of spring and!
-peed. Most of Luisetti's amazing!
tallies, averaging now nearly 20
points per game, have been set-up
shots — his quick star's permitted
him to break away from the opposing
guards or his jumping legs (he
cleared some (J feet 2 inches in high
school) give him drive lo get above
the opponents for rebound shots.
Next year the varsity will have

another player whom the fans will '
enjoy watching in Hank Luisetti, al
ready famous tor his play on the un
defeated frosh squad. Lubsetti, like
Mcore, make- ;he most impossible
shots look easy, an:! like Moore, is
willing to lake a sho: a the bucket
no matter how hopeless the chances
appear. 1
|
Luisetti s basketball facility conies'
not only from almost growing up
with the ball, which is largely re
sponsible for Moore's success, but j
for a rare combination of spring and!
-peed. Most of Luisetti's amazing!
tallies, averaging now nearly 20
points per game, have been set-up
shots — his quick star's permitted
him to break away from the opposing
guards or his jumping legs (he
cleared some (J feet 2 inches in high
school) give him drive lo get above
the opponents for rebound shots.
Next year the varsity will have

another player whom the fans will '
enjoy watching in Hank Luisetti, al
ready famous tor his play on the un
defeated frosh squad. Lubsetti, like
Mcore, make- ;he most impossible
shots look easy, an:! like Moore, is
willing to lake a sho: a the bucket
no matter how hopeless the chances
appear. 1
|
Luisetti s basketball facility conies'
not only from almost growing up
with the ball, which is largely re
sponsible for Moore's success, but j
for a rare combination of spring and!
-peed. Most of Luisetti's amazing!
tallies, averaging now nearly 20
points per game, have been set-up
shots — his quick star's permitted
him to break away from the opposing
guards or his jumping legs (he
cleared some (J feet 2 inches in high
school) give him drive lo get above
the opponents for rebound shots.
Next year the varsity will have

another player whom the fans will '
enjoy watching in Hank Luisetti, al
ready famous tor his play on the un
defeated frosh squad. Lubsetti, like
Mcore, make- ;he most impossible
shots look easy, an:! like Moore, is
willing to lake a sho: a the bucket
no matter how hopeless the chances
appear. 1
|
Luisetti s basketball facility conies'
not only from almost growing up
with the ball, which is largely re
sponsible for Moore's success, but j
for a rare combination of spring and!
-peed. Most of Luisetti's amazing!
tallies, averaging now nearly 20
points per game, have been set-up
shots — his quick star's permitted
him to break away from the opposing
guards or his jumping legs (he
cleared some (J feet 2 inches in high
school) give him drive lo get above
the opponents for rebound shots.
Next year the varsity will have

another player whom the fans will '
enjoy watching in Hank Luisetti, al
ready famous tor his play on the un
defeated frosh squad. Lubsetti, like
Mcore, make- ;he most impossible
shots look easy, an:! like Moore, is
willing to lake a sho: a the bucket
no matter how hopeless the chances
appear. 1
|
Luisetti s basketball facility conies'
not only from almost growing up
with the ball, which is largely re
sponsible for Moore's success, but j
for a rare combination of spring and!
-peed. Most of Luisetti's amazing!
tallies, averaging now nearly 20
points per game, have been set-up
shots — his quick star's permitted
him to break away from the opposing
guards or his jumping legs (he
cleared some (J feet 2 inches in high
school) give him drive lo get above
the opponents for rebound shots.
Next year the varsity will have

another player whom the fans will '
enjoy watching in Hank Luisetti, al
ready famous tor his play on the un
defeated frosh squad. Lubsetti, like
Mcore, make- ;he most impossible
shots look easy, an:! like Moore, is
willing to lake a sho: a the bucket
no matter how hopeless the chances
appear. 1
|
Luisetti s basketball facility conies'
not only from almost growing up
with the ball, which is largely re
sponsible for Moore's success, but j
for a rare combination of spring and!
-peed. Most of Luisetti's amazing!
tallies, averaging now nearly 20
points per game, have been set-up
shots — his quick star's permitted
him to break away from the opposing
guards or his jumping legs (he
cleared some (J feet 2 inches in high
school) give him drive lo get above
the opponents for rebound shots.
Next year the varsity will have

another player whom the fans will '
enjoy watching in Hank Luisetti, al
ready famous tor his play on the un
defeated frosh squad. Lubsetti, like
Mcore, make- ;he most impossible
shots look easy, an:! like Moore, is
willing to lake a sho: a the bucket
no matter how hopeless the chances
appear. 1
|
Luisetti s basketball facility conies'
not only from almost growing up
with the ball, which is largely re
sponsible for Moore's success, but j
for a rare combination of spring and!
-peed. Most of Luisetti's amazing!
tallies, averaging now nearly 20
points per game, have been set-up
shots — his quick star's permitted
him to break away from the opposing
guards or his jumping legs (he
cleared some (J feet 2 inches in high
school) give him drive lo get above
the opponents for rebound shots.
Next year the varsity will have

another player whom the fans will '
enjoy watching in Hank Luisetti, al
ready famous tor his play on the un
defeated frosh squad. Lubsetti, like
Mcore, make- ;he most impossible
shots look easy, an:! like Moore, is
willing to lake a sho: a the bucket
no matter how hopeless the chances
appear. 1
|
Luisetti s basketball facility conies'
not only from almost growing up
with the ball, which is largely re
sponsible for Moore's success, but j
for a rare combination of spring and!
-peed. Most of Luisetti's amazing!
tallies, averaging now nearly 20
points per game, have been set-up
shots — his quick star's permitted
him to break away from the opposing
guards or his jumping legs (he
cleared some (J feet 2 inches in high
school) give him drive lo get above
the opponents for rebound shots.
Next year the varsity will have

another player whom the fans will '
enjoy watching in Hank Luisetti, al
ready famous tor his play on the un
defeated frosh squad. Lubsetti, like
Mcore, make- ;he most impossible
shots look easy, an:! like Moore, is
willing to lake a sho: a the bucket
no matter how hopeless the chances
appear. 1
|
Luisetti s basketball facility conies'
not only from almost growing up
with the ball, which is largely re
sponsible for Moore's success, but j
for a rare combination of spring and!
-peed. Most of Luisetti's amazing!
tallies, averaging now nearly 20
points per game, have been set-up
shots — his quick star's permitted
him to break away from the opposing
guards or his jumping legs (he
cleared some (J feet 2 inches in high
school) give him drive lo get above
the opponents for rebound shots.
Next year the varsity will have

another player whom the fans will '
enjoy watching in Hank Luisetti, al
ready famous tor his play on the un
defeated frosh squad. Lubsetti, like
Mcore, make- ;he most impossible
shots look easy, an:! like Moore, is
willing to lake a sho: a the bucket
no matter how hopeless the chances
appear. 1
|
Luisetti s basketball facility conies'
not only from almost growing up
with the ball, which is largely re
sponsible for Moore's success, but j
for a rare combination of spring and!
-peed. Most of Luisetti's amazing!
tallies, averaging now nearly 20
points per game, have been set-up
shots — his quick star's permitted
him to break away from the opposing
guards or his jumping legs (he
cleared some (J feet 2 inches in high
school) give him drive lo get above
the opponents for rebound shots.
Next year the varsity will have

another player whom the fans will '
enjoy watching in Hank Luisetti, al
ready famous tor his play on the un
defeated frosh squad. Lubsetti, like
Mcore, make- ;he most impossible
shots look easy, an:! like Moore, is
willing to lake a sho: a the bucket
no matter how hopeless the chances
appear. 1
|
Luisetti s basketball facility conies'
not only from almost growing up
with the ball, which is largely re
sponsible for Moore's success, but j
for a rare combination of spring and!
-peed. Most of Luisetti's amazing!
tallies, averaging now nearly 20
points per game, have been set-up
shots — his quick star's permitted
him to break away from the opposing
guards or his jumping legs (he
cleared some (J feet 2 inches in high
school) give him drive lo get above
the opponents for rebound shots.
Next year the varsity will have

another player whom the fans will '
enjoy watching in Hank Luisetti, al
ready famous tor his play on the un
defeated frosh squad. Lubsetti, like
Mcore, make- ;he most impossible
shots look easy, an:! like Moore, is
willing to lake a sho: a the bucket
no matter how hopeless the chances
appear. 1
|
Luisetti s basketball facility conies'
not only from almost growing up
with the ball, which is largely re
sponsible for Moore's success, but j
for a rare combination of spring and!
-peed. Most of Luisetti's amazing!
tallies, averaging now nearly 20
points per game, have been set-up
shots — his quick star's permitted
him to break away from the opposing
guards or his jumping legs (he
cleared some (J feet 2 inches in high
school) give him drive lo get above
the opponents for rebound shots.
Next year the varsity will have

another player whom the fans will '
enjoy watching in Hank Luisetti, al
ready famous tor his play on the un
defeated frosh squad. Lubsetti, like
Mcore, make- ;he most impossible
shots look easy, an:! like Moore, is
willing to lake a sho: a the bucket
no matter how hopeless the chances
appear. 1
|
Luisetti s basketball facility conies'
not only from almost growing up
with the ball, which is largely re
sponsible for Moore's success, but j
for a rare combination of spring and!
-peed. Most of Luisetti's amazing!
tallies, averaging now nearly 20
points per game, have been set-up
shots — his quick star's permitted
him to break away from the opposing
guards or his jumping legs (he
cleared some (J feet 2 inches in high
school) give him drive lo get above
the opponents for rebound shots.
