# Court Issues Injunction Against Movie Concern
## 
### 
PHILADELPHIA, Jan 31 (/V).
Judge George A. Welsh in Federal j
District Court, today issued an in- !
junction against nine of the large |
moving picture concerns restraining j
them from enforcing a clause in con
houses from showing "double fea- j
ture" fiihns even though both weic
tracts prohibiting moving picture |
bought from companies in the "al- j
leged combine."
PHILADELPHIA, Jan 31 (/V).
Judge George A. Welsh in Federal j
District Court, today issued an in- !
junction against nine of the large |
moving picture concerns restraining j
them from enforcing a clause in con
houses from showing "double fea- j
ture" fiihns even though both weic
tracts prohibiting moving picture |
bought from companies in the "al- j
leged combine."
PHILADELPHIA, Jan 31 (/V).
Judge George A. Welsh in Federal j
District Court, today issued an in- !
junction against nine of the large |
moving picture concerns restraining j
them from enforcing a clause in con
houses from showing "double fea- j
ture" fiihns even though both weic
tracts prohibiting moving picture |
bought from companies in the "al- j
leged combine."
PHILADELPHIA, Jan 31 (/V).
Judge George A. Welsh in Federal j
District Court, today issued an in- !
junction against nine of the large |
moving picture concerns restraining j
them from enforcing a clause in con
houses from showing "double fea- j
ture" fiihns even though both weic
tracts prohibiting moving picture |
bought from companies in the "al- j
leged combine."
PHILADELPHIA, Jan 31 (/V).
Judge George A. Welsh in Federal j
District Court, today issued an in- !
junction against nine of the large |
moving picture concerns restraining j
them from enforcing a clause in con
houses from showing "double fea- j
ture" fiihns even though both weic
tracts prohibiting moving picture |
bought from companies in the "al- j
leged combine."
PHILADELPHIA, Jan 31 (/V).
Judge George A. Welsh in Federal j
District Court, today issued an in- !
junction against nine of the large |
moving picture concerns restraining j
them from enforcing a clause in con
houses from showing "double fea- j
ture" fiihns even though both weic
tracts prohibiting moving picture |
bought from companies in the "al- j
leged combine."
PHILADELPHIA, Jan 31 (/V).
Judge George A. Welsh in Federal j
District Court, today issued an in- !
junction against nine of the large |
moving picture concerns restraining j
them from enforcing a clause in con
houses from showing "double fea- j
ture" fiihns even though both weic
tracts prohibiting moving picture |
bought from companies in the "al- j
leged combine."
PHILADELPHIA, Jan 31 (/V).
Judge George A. Welsh in Federal j
District Court, today issued an in- !
junction against nine of the large |
moving picture concerns restraining j
them from enforcing a clause in con
houses from showing "double fea- j
ture" fiihns even though both weic
tracts prohibiting moving picture |
bought from companies in the "al- j
leged combine."
PHILADELPHIA, Jan 31 (/V).
Judge George A. Welsh in Federal j
District Court, today issued an in- !
junction against nine of the large |
moving picture concerns restraining j
them from enforcing a clause in con
houses from showing "double fea- j
ture" fiihns even though both weic
tracts prohibiting moving picture |
bought from companies in the "al- j
leged combine."
PHILADELPHIA, Jan 31 (/V).
Judge George A. Welsh in Federal j
District Court, today issued an in- !
junction against nine of the large |
moving picture concerns restraining j
them from enforcing a clause in con
houses from showing "double fea- j
ture" fiihns even though both weic
tracts prohibiting moving picture |
bought from companies in the "al- j
leged combine."
PHILADELPHIA, Jan 31 (/V).
Judge George A. Welsh in Federal j
District Court, today issued an in- !
junction against nine of the large |
moving picture concerns restraining j
them from enforcing a clause in con
houses from showing "double fea- j
ture" fiihns even though both weic
tracts prohibiting moving picture |
bought from companies in the "al- j
leged combine."
PHILADELPHIA, Jan 31 (/V).
Judge George A. Welsh in Federal j
District Court, today issued an in- !
junction against nine of the large |
moving picture concerns restraining j
them from enforcing a clause in con
houses from showing "double fea- j
ture" fiihns even though both weic
tracts prohibiting moving picture |
bought from companies in the "al- j
leged combine."
PHILADELPHIA, Jan 31 (/V).
Judge George A. Welsh in Federal j
District Court, today issued an in- !
junction against nine of the large |
moving picture concerns restraining j
them from enforcing a clause in con
houses from showing "double fea- j
ture" fiihns even though both weic
tracts prohibiting moving picture |
bought from companies in the "al- j
leged combine."
PHILADELPHIA, Jan 31 (/V).
Judge George A. Welsh in Federal j
District Court, today issued an in- !
junction against nine of the large |
moving picture concerns restraining j
them from enforcing a clause in con
houses from showing "double fea- j
ture" fiihns even though both weic
tracts prohibiting moving picture |
bought from companies in the "al- j
leged combine."
PHILADELPHIA, Jan 31 (/V).
Judge George A. Welsh in Federal j
District Court, today issued an in- !
junction against nine of the large |
moving picture concerns restraining j
them from enforcing a clause in con
houses from showing "double fea- j
ture" fiihns even though both weic
tracts prohibiting moving picture |
bought from companies in the "al- j
leged combine."
