# Adv. 7 Page 4
## 
### 
All right. That's it. No more Mr. Niceguy. We've had just about
enough of your lackadaisical indifference. You have but 48 hours to
submit carefully thought-out, well-written opinions pieces to the
Daily editorial offices across from Terman. Failure to comply will
result in unspeakably dreadful consequences to your person. Re
member: 48 hours.
All right. That's it. No more Mr. Niceguy. We've had just about
enough of your lackadaisical indifference. You have but 48 hours to
submit carefully thought-out, well-written opinions pieces to the
Daily editorial offices across from Terman. Failure to comply will
result in unspeakably dreadful consequences to your person. Re
member: 48 hours.
All right. That's it. No more Mr. Niceguy. We've had just about
enough of your lackadaisical indifference. You have but 48 hours to
submit carefully thought-out, well-written opinions pieces to the
Daily editorial offices across from Terman. Failure to comply will
result in unspeakably dreadful consequences to your person. Re
member: 48 hours.
All right. That's it. No more Mr. Niceguy. We've had just about
enough of your lackadaisical indifference. You have but 48 hours to
submit carefully thought-out, well-written opinions pieces to the
Daily editorial offices across from Terman. Failure to comply will
result in unspeakably dreadful consequences to your person. Re
member: 48 hours.
All right. That's it. No more Mr. Niceguy. We've had just about
enough of your lackadaisical indifference. You have but 48 hours to
submit carefully thought-out, well-written opinions pieces to the
Daily editorial offices across from Terman. Failure to comply will
result in unspeakably dreadful consequences to your person. Re
member: 48 hours.
All right. That's it. No more Mr. Niceguy. We've had just about
enough of your lackadaisical indifference. You have but 48 hours to
submit carefully thought-out, well-written opinions pieces to the
Daily editorial offices across from Terman. Failure to comply will
result in unspeakably dreadful consequences to your person. Re
member: 48 hours.
All right. That's it. No more Mr. Niceguy. We've had just about
enough of your lackadaisical indifference. You have but 48 hours to
submit carefully thought-out, well-written opinions pieces to the
Daily editorial offices across from Terman. Failure to comply will
result in unspeakably dreadful consequences to your person. Re
member: 48 hours.
All right. That's it. No more Mr. Niceguy. We've had just about
enough of your lackadaisical indifference. You have but 48 hours to
submit carefully thought-out, well-written opinions pieces to the
Daily editorial offices across from Terman. Failure to comply will
result in unspeakably dreadful consequences to your person. Re
member: 48 hours.
