# CAPS head dies at 51
## 
### 
David Dorosin, director of
counselingand psychological
services (CAPS), died Sunday
at Stanford University Hospi
tal after a heart attack at his
Palo Alto home. He was 51.
Dorosin had been the di
rector of CAPS since 1972 and
a faculty member in the de
partment of psychiatry since
1962. He was named clinical
professor of psychiatry and
behavioral science in 1975.
Memorial services will be
held at 11 a.m. Thursday at
Roller and Hapgood, 980
Middlefield, Palo Alto. The
family requests that dona
tions be made to the David
Dorosin memorial fund, 525
University Ave.,Suite 1320,
Palo Alto.
