# ENTERTAINMENT
## The
						Beach Boys play Candlestick The
						Band's grown up, but so have the fans. And they don't seem to mind 
### 
/
By TIM GRIEVE
The Beach Boys played in San
Francisco in the early 60s. The
Beach Men played there Satur
day.
They may still sing about the
adolescent dream world full of
surf, sand and sweethearts, but
the Beach Boys aren't teenagers
anymore.
But neither are their fans.
And that's what saved Satur
day's show.
Sure there were a lot of tenta
tive starting notes. Sure the Boys

wandered off key occassionally.
Sure the band was 100 yards
from even the closest members
of the audience.
The crowd loved it.
Auer three hours of beer
drinking and bad baseball (the
Giants lost 9-3), 40,000 mostly
middle aged Candlestick tan*
were ready to jump in their
'Vette and cruise down memory
lane.
As the stadium speakers


