# Ike Okays Salk Distribution Plan
## 
### 
WASHINGTON—President Eisen
hower today stamped his okay on a
voluntary polio vaccine distribution
program calling for a special $28.-
000,000 federal fund to make sure
every needy child is inoculated free.
The 11-point program was warmly
received by Congress. It will go into
effect after the National Foundation
for Infantile Paralysis completes the
free vaccination of 9.000 first- and
second - graders. This will not be
until mid-July or possibly mid-Au
gust.
WASHINGTON—President Eisen
hower today stamped his okay on a
voluntary polio vaccine distribution
program calling for a special $28.-
000,000 federal fund to make sure
every needy child is inoculated free.
The 11-point program was warmly
received by Congress. It will go into
effect after the National Foundation
for Infantile Paralysis completes the
free vaccination of 9.000 first- and
second - graders. This will not be
until mid-July or possibly mid-Au
gust.
WASHINGTON—President Eisen
hower today stamped his okay on a
voluntary polio vaccine distribution
program calling for a special $28.-
000,000 federal fund to make sure
every needy child is inoculated free.
The 11-point program was warmly
received by Congress. It will go into
effect after the National Foundation
for Infantile Paralysis completes the
free vaccination of 9.000 first- and
second - graders. This will not be
until mid-July or possibly mid-Au
gust.
WASHINGTON—President Eisen
hower today stamped his okay on a
voluntary polio vaccine distribution
program calling for a special $28.-
000,000 federal fund to make sure
every needy child is inoculated free.
The 11-point program was warmly
received by Congress. It will go into
effect after the National Foundation
for Infantile Paralysis completes the
free vaccination of 9.000 first- and
second - graders. This will not be
until mid-July or possibly mid-Au
gust.
WASHINGTON—President Eisen
hower today stamped his okay on a
voluntary polio vaccine distribution
program calling for a special $28.-
000,000 federal fund to make sure
every needy child is inoculated free.
The 11-point program was warmly
received by Congress. It will go into
effect after the National Foundation
for Infantile Paralysis completes the
free vaccination of 9.000 first- and
second - graders. This will not be
until mid-July or possibly mid-Au
gust.
WASHINGTON—President Eisen
hower today stamped his okay on a
voluntary polio vaccine distribution
program calling for a special $28.-
000,000 federal fund to make sure
every needy child is inoculated free.
The 11-point program was warmly
received by Congress. It will go into
effect after the National Foundation
for Infantile Paralysis completes the
free vaccination of 9.000 first- and
second - graders. This will not be
until mid-July or possibly mid-Au
gust.
WASHINGTON—President Eisen
hower today stamped his okay on a
voluntary polio vaccine distribution
program calling for a special $28.-
000,000 federal fund to make sure
every needy child is inoculated free.
The 11-point program was warmly
received by Congress. It will go into
effect after the National Foundation
for Infantile Paralysis completes the
free vaccination of 9.000 first- and
second - graders. This will not be
until mid-July or possibly mid-Au
gust.
WASHINGTON—President Eisen
hower today stamped his okay on a
voluntary polio vaccine distribution
program calling for a special $28.-
000,000 federal fund to make sure
every needy child is inoculated free.
The 11-point program was warmly
received by Congress. It will go into
effect after the National Foundation
for Infantile Paralysis completes the
free vaccination of 9.000 first- and
second - graders. This will not be
until mid-July or possibly mid-Au
gust.
WASHINGTON—President Eisen
hower today stamped his okay on a
voluntary polio vaccine distribution
program calling for a special $28.-
000,000 federal fund to make sure
every needy child is inoculated free.
The 11-point program was warmly
received by Congress. It will go into
effect after the National Foundation
for Infantile Paralysis completes the
free vaccination of 9.000 first- and
second - graders. This will not be
until mid-July or possibly mid-Au
gust.
WASHINGTON—President Eisen
hower today stamped his okay on a
voluntary polio vaccine distribution
program calling for a special $28.-
000,000 federal fund to make sure
every needy child is inoculated free.
The 11-point program was warmly
received by Congress. It will go into
effect after the National Foundation
for Infantile Paralysis completes the
free vaccination of 9.000 first- and
second - graders. This will not be
until mid-July or possibly mid-Au
gust.
WASHINGTON—President Eisen
hower today stamped his okay on a
voluntary polio vaccine distribution
program calling for a special $28.-
000,000 federal fund to make sure
every needy child is inoculated free.
The 11-point program was warmly
received by Congress. It will go into
effect after the National Foundation
for Infantile Paralysis completes the
free vaccination of 9.000 first- and
second - graders. This will not be
until mid-July or possibly mid-Au
gust.
WASHINGTON—President Eisen
hower today stamped his okay on a
voluntary polio vaccine distribution
program calling for a special $28.-
000,000 federal fund to make sure
every needy child is inoculated free.
The 11-point program was warmly
received by Congress. It will go into
effect after the National Foundation
for Infantile Paralysis completes the
free vaccination of 9.000 first- and
second - graders. This will not be
until mid-July or possibly mid-Au
gust.
WASHINGTON—President Eisen
hower today stamped his okay on a
voluntary polio vaccine distribution
program calling for a special $28.-
000,000 federal fund to make sure
every needy child is inoculated free.
The 11-point program was warmly
received by Congress. It will go into
effect after the National Foundation
for Infantile Paralysis completes the
free vaccination of 9.000 first- and
second - graders. This will not be
until mid-July or possibly mid-Au
gust.
WASHINGTON—President Eisen
hower today stamped his okay on a
voluntary polio vaccine distribution
program calling for a special $28.-
000,000 federal fund to make sure
every needy child is inoculated free.
The 11-point program was warmly
received by Congress. It will go into
effect after the National Foundation
for Infantile Paralysis completes the
free vaccination of 9.000 first- and
second - graders. This will not be
until mid-July or possibly mid-Au
gust.
WASHINGTON—President Eisen
hower today stamped his okay on a
voluntary polio vaccine distribution
program calling for a special $28.-
000,000 federal fund to make sure
every needy child is inoculated free.
The 11-point program was warmly
received by Congress. It will go into
effect after the National Foundation
for Infantile Paralysis completes the
free vaccination of 9.000 first- and
second - graders. This will not be
until mid-July or possibly mid-Au
gust.
