# Card Netters Face Modesto
## 
### 
Modesto JC's tennis team, complete
with its two highly touted young
singles players, Jerry Moss and
Mike Green, invades the Stanford
courts lor a match this afternoon at
1:30.
Last month when Modesto played
the Indians — without Moss and
Green —the JCers were routed 8-1.
This time the match should be more
interesting.
Stanford captain Jack Frost, who
last wsek advanced to the finals of
the state championships without los
ing a set before losing to Tom
Brown, the nation's fifth - ranked
player, will meet Moss in the fea
tured match.
Coa"ch Bob Renker will play ei
ther Ernie Dußray or Dave DufT
against Green. The rest of the Stan
ford lineup will, consist of Bob
Prince, Roger Keesing, and Bob
Norton.
Moss and Green are the first- and
second - ranked juniors players in
the country and were members of
last year's victorious Davis Cup
team.
Frost, 12th - rated men's singles
player in the U.S., is a former jun
iors champion.
Modesto JC's tennis team, complete
with its two highly touted young
singles players, Jerry Moss and
Mike Green, invades the Stanford
courts lor a match this afternoon at
1:30.
Last month when Modesto played
the Indians — without Moss and
Green —the JCers were routed 8-1.
This time the match should be more
interesting.
Stanford captain Jack Frost, who
last wsek advanced to the finals of
the state championships without los
ing a set before losing to Tom
Brown, the nation's fifth - ranked
player, will meet Moss in the fea
tured match.
Coa"ch Bob Renker will play ei
ther Ernie Dußray or Dave DufT
against Green. The rest of the Stan
ford lineup will, consist of Bob
Prince, Roger Keesing, and Bob
Norton.
Moss and Green are the first- and
second - ranked juniors players in
the country and were members of
last year's victorious Davis Cup
team.
Frost, 12th - rated men's singles
player in the U.S., is a former jun
iors champion.
Modesto JC's tennis team, complete
with its two highly touted young
singles players, Jerry Moss and
Mike Green, invades the Stanford
courts lor a match this afternoon at
1:30.
Last month when Modesto played
the Indians — without Moss and
Green —the JCers were routed 8-1.
This time the match should be more
interesting.
Stanford captain Jack Frost, who
last wsek advanced to the finals of
the state championships without los
ing a set before losing to Tom
Brown, the nation's fifth - ranked
player, will meet Moss in the fea
tured match.
Coa"ch Bob Renker will play ei
ther Ernie Dußray or Dave DufT
against Green. The rest of the Stan
ford lineup will, consist of Bob
Prince, Roger Keesing, and Bob
Norton.
Moss and Green are the first- and
second - ranked juniors players in
the country and were members of
last year's victorious Davis Cup
team.
Frost, 12th - rated men's singles
player in the U.S., is a former jun
iors champion.
Modesto JC's tennis team, complete
with its two highly touted young
singles players, Jerry Moss and
Mike Green, invades the Stanford
courts lor a match this afternoon at
1:30.
Last month when Modesto played
the Indians — without Moss and
Green —the JCers were routed 8-1.
This time the match should be more
interesting.
Stanford captain Jack Frost, who
last wsek advanced to the finals of
the state championships without los
ing a set before losing to Tom
Brown, the nation's fifth - ranked
player, will meet Moss in the fea
tured match.
Coa"ch Bob Renker will play ei
ther Ernie Dußray or Dave DufT
against Green. The rest of the Stan
ford lineup will, consist of Bob
Prince, Roger Keesing, and Bob
Norton.
Moss and Green are the first- and
second - ranked juniors players in
the country and were members of
last year's victorious Davis Cup
team.
Frost, 12th - rated men's singles
player in the U.S., is a former jun
iors champion.
Modesto JC's tennis team, complete
with its two highly touted young
singles players, Jerry Moss and
Mike Green, invades the Stanford
courts lor a match this afternoon at
1:30.
Last month when Modesto played
the Indians — without Moss and
Green —the JCers were routed 8-1.
This time the match should be more
interesting.
Stanford captain Jack Frost, who
last wsek advanced to the finals of
the state championships without los
ing a set before losing to Tom
Brown, the nation's fifth - ranked
player, will meet Moss in the fea
tured match.
Coa"ch Bob Renker will play ei
ther Ernie Dußray or Dave DufT
against Green. The rest of the Stan
ford lineup will, consist of Bob
Prince, Roger Keesing, and Bob
Norton.
Moss and Green are the first- and
second - ranked juniors players in
the country and were members of
last year's victorious Davis Cup
team.
Frost, 12th - rated men's singles
player in the U.S., is a former jun
iors champion.
Modesto JC's tennis team, complete
with its two highly touted young
singles players, Jerry Moss and
Mike Green, invades the Stanford
courts lor a match this afternoon at
1:30.
Last month when Modesto played
the Indians — without Moss and
Green —the JCers were routed 8-1.
This time the match should be more
interesting.
Stanford captain Jack Frost, who
last wsek advanced to the finals of
the state championships without los
ing a set before losing to Tom
Brown, the nation's fifth - ranked
player, will meet Moss in the fea
tured match.
Coa"ch Bob Renker will play ei
ther Ernie Dußray or Dave DufT
against Green. The rest of the Stan
ford lineup will, consist of Bob
Prince, Roger Keesing, and Bob
Norton.
Moss and Green are the first- and
second - ranked juniors players in
the country and were members of
last year's victorious Davis Cup
team.
Frost, 12th - rated men's singles
player in the U.S., is a former jun
iors champion.
Modesto JC's tennis team, complete
with its two highly touted young
singles players, Jerry Moss and
Mike Green, invades the Stanford
courts lor a match this afternoon at
1:30.
Last month when Modesto played
the Indians — without Moss and
Green —the JCers were routed 8-1.
This time the match should be more
interesting.
Stanford captain Jack Frost, who
last wsek advanced to the finals of
the state championships without los
ing a set before losing to Tom
Brown, the nation's fifth - ranked
player, will meet Moss in the fea
tured match.
Coa"ch Bob Renker will play ei
ther Ernie Dußray or Dave DufT
against Green. The rest of the Stan
ford lineup will, consist of Bob
Prince, Roger Keesing, and Bob
Norton.
Moss and Green are the first- and
second - ranked juniors players in
the country and were members of
last year's victorious Davis Cup
team.
Frost, 12th - rated men's singles
player in the U.S., is a former jun
iors champion.
Modesto JC's tennis team, complete
with its two highly touted young
singles players, Jerry Moss and
Mike Green, invades the Stanford
courts lor a match this afternoon at
1:30.
Last month when Modesto played
the Indians — without Moss and
Green —the JCers were routed 8-1.
This time the match should be more
interesting.
Stanford captain Jack Frost, who
last wsek advanced to the finals of
the state championships without los
ing a set before losing to Tom
Brown, the nation's fifth - ranked
player, will meet Moss in the fea
tured match.
Coa"ch Bob Renker will play ei
ther Ernie Dußray or Dave DufT
against Green. The rest of the Stan
ford lineup will, consist of Bob
Prince, Roger Keesing, and Bob
Norton.
Moss and Green are the first- and
second - ranked juniors players in
the country and were members of
last year's victorious Davis Cup
team.
Frost, 12th - rated men's singles
player in the U.S., is a former jun
iors champion.
Modesto JC's tennis team, complete
with its two highly touted young
singles players, Jerry Moss and
Mike Green, invades the Stanford
courts lor a match this afternoon at
1:30.
Last month when Modesto played
the Indians — without Moss and
Green —the JCers were routed 8-1.
This time the match should be more
interesting.
Stanford captain Jack Frost, who
last wsek advanced to the finals of
the state championships without los
ing a set before losing to Tom
Brown, the nation's fifth - ranked
player, will meet Moss in the fea
tured match.
Coa"ch Bob Renker will play ei
ther Ernie Dußray or Dave DufT
against Green. The rest of the Stan
ford lineup will, consist of Bob
Prince, Roger Keesing, and Bob
Norton.
Moss and Green are the first- and
second - ranked juniors players in
the country and were members of
last year's victorious Davis Cup
team.
Frost, 12th - rated men's singles
player in the U.S., is a former jun
iors champion.
Modesto JC's tennis team, complete
with its two highly touted young
singles players, Jerry Moss and
Mike Green, invades the Stanford
courts lor a match this afternoon at
1:30.
Last month when Modesto played
the Indians — without Moss and
Green —the JCers were routed 8-1.
This time the match should be more
interesting.
Stanford captain Jack Frost, who
last wsek advanced to the finals of
the state championships without los
ing a set before losing to Tom
Brown, the nation's fifth - ranked
player, will meet Moss in the fea
tured match.
Coa"ch Bob Renker will play ei
ther Ernie Dußray or Dave DufT
against Green. The rest of the Stan
ford lineup will, consist of Bob
Prince, Roger Keesing, and Bob
Norton.
Moss and Green are the first- and
second - ranked juniors players in
the country and were members of
last year's victorious Davis Cup
team.
Frost, 12th - rated men's singles
player in the U.S., is a former jun
iors champion.
Modesto JC's tennis team, complete
with its two highly touted young
singles players, Jerry Moss and
Mike Green, invades the Stanford
courts lor a match this afternoon at
1:30.
Last month when Modesto played
the Indians — without Moss and
Green —the JCers were routed 8-1.
This time the match should be more
interesting.
Stanford captain Jack Frost, who
last wsek advanced to the finals of
the state championships without los
ing a set before losing to Tom
Brown, the nation's fifth - ranked
player, will meet Moss in the fea
tured match.
Coa"ch Bob Renker will play ei
ther Ernie Dußray or Dave DufT
against Green. The rest of the Stan
ford lineup will, consist of Bob
Prince, Roger Keesing, and Bob
Norton.
Moss and Green are the first- and
second - ranked juniors players in
the country and were members of
last year's victorious Davis Cup
team.
Frost, 12th - rated men's singles
player in the U.S., is a former jun
iors champion.
Modesto JC's tennis team, complete
with its two highly touted young
singles players, Jerry Moss and
Mike Green, invades the Stanford
courts lor a match this afternoon at
1:30.
Last month when Modesto played
the Indians — without Moss and
Green —the JCers were routed 8-1.
This time the match should be more
interesting.
Stanford captain Jack Frost, who
last wsek advanced to the finals of
the state championships without los
ing a set before losing to Tom
Brown, the nation's fifth - ranked
player, will meet Moss in the fea
tured match.
Coa"ch Bob Renker will play ei
ther Ernie Dußray or Dave DufT
against Green. The rest of the Stan
ford lineup will, consist of Bob
Prince, Roger Keesing, and Bob
Norton.
Moss and Green are the first- and
second - ranked juniors players in
the country and were members of
last year's victorious Davis Cup
team.
Frost, 12th - rated men's singles
player in the U.S., is a former jun
iors champion.
Modesto JC's tennis team, complete
with its two highly touted young
singles players, Jerry Moss and
Mike Green, invades the Stanford
courts lor a match this afternoon at
1:30.
Last month when Modesto played
the Indians — without Moss and
Green —the JCers were routed 8-1.
This time the match should be more
interesting.
Stanford captain Jack Frost, who
last wsek advanced to the finals of
the state championships without los
ing a set before losing to Tom
Brown, the nation's fifth - ranked
player, will meet Moss in the fea
tured match.
Coa"ch Bob Renker will play ei
ther Ernie Dußray or Dave DufT
against Green. The rest of the Stan
ford lineup will, consist of Bob
Prince, Roger Keesing, and Bob
Norton.
Moss and Green are the first- and
second - ranked juniors players in
the country and were members of
last year's victorious Davis Cup
team.
Frost, 12th - rated men's singles
player in the U.S., is a former jun
iors champion.
Modesto JC's tennis team, complete
with its two highly touted young
singles players, Jerry Moss and
Mike Green, invades the Stanford
courts lor a match this afternoon at
1:30.
Last month when Modesto played
the Indians — without Moss and
Green —the JCers were routed 8-1.
This time the match should be more
interesting.
Stanford captain Jack Frost, who
last wsek advanced to the finals of
the state championships without los
ing a set before losing to Tom
Brown, the nation's fifth - ranked
player, will meet Moss in the fea
tured match.
Coa"ch Bob Renker will play ei
ther Ernie Dußray or Dave DufT
against Green. The rest of the Stan
ford lineup will, consist of Bob
Prince, Roger Keesing, and Bob
Norton.
Moss and Green are the first- and
second - ranked juniors players in
the country and were members of
last year's victorious Davis Cup
team.
Frost, 12th - rated men's singles
player in the U.S., is a former jun
iors champion.
Modesto JC's tennis team, complete
with its two highly touted young
singles players, Jerry Moss and
Mike Green, invades the Stanford
courts lor a match this afternoon at
1:30.
Last month when Modesto played
the Indians — without Moss and
Green —the JCers were routed 8-1.
This time the match should be more
interesting.
Stanford captain Jack Frost, who
last wsek advanced to the finals of
the state championships without los
ing a set before losing to Tom
Brown, the nation's fifth - ranked
player, will meet Moss in the fea
tured match.
Coa"ch Bob Renker will play ei
ther Ernie Dußray or Dave DufT
against Green. The rest of the Stan
ford lineup will, consist of Bob
Prince, Roger Keesing, and Bob
Norton.
Moss and Green are the first- and
second - ranked juniors players in
the country and were members of
last year's victorious Davis Cup
team.
Frost, 12th - rated men's singles
player in the U.S., is a former jun
iors champion.
