# 42 Groups Offer 'Polished Voices' For Spring Sing
## 
### 
Voices are being polished and
routines are rounding into shape in
feverish preparation for the com
ing Spring Sing, which will be held
Saturday night in Frost Amphithe
ater.
A record 42 entries will offer their
talents before an estimated crowd of
6.000 for this annual event, which
has been held every year since 1941.
Master of ceremonies for this
year's Spring Sing will be Tim
Sharpe, a member of Delta Upsilon.
Sharpe is the senior class historian
and has been active in debating
while at Stanford.
Don Crowell is chairman of* the
event.
Other members of the Spring Sing
committee include: secretary, Shan
non Heath; publicity chairman, Jan
Burns; programs, Lyn Colebourn;
selection of judges, Alice Harvey
and Karen Opsahl; trophies, Craig
Barnes; ushering, Jane Kleerup and
Skip Hauge; seating, Fred Fortine
and Walt Hayes.
Voices are being polished and
routines are rounding into shape in
feverish preparation for the com
ing Spring Sing, which will be held
Saturday night in Frost Amphithe
ater.
A record 42 entries will offer their
talents before an estimated crowd of
6.000 for this annual event, which
has been held every year since 1941.
Master of ceremonies for this
year's Spring Sing will be Tim
Sharpe, a member of Delta Upsilon.
Sharpe is the senior class historian
and has been active in debating
while at Stanford.
Don Crowell is chairman of* the
event.
Other members of the Spring Sing
committee include: secretary, Shan
non Heath; publicity chairman, Jan
Burns; programs, Lyn Colebourn;
selection of judges, Alice Harvey
and Karen Opsahl; trophies, Craig
Barnes; ushering, Jane Kleerup and
Skip Hauge; seating, Fred Fortine
and Walt Hayes.
Voices are being polished and
routines are rounding into shape in
feverish preparation for the com
ing Spring Sing, which will be held
Saturday night in Frost Amphithe
ater.
A record 42 entries will offer their
talents before an estimated crowd of
6.000 for this annual event, which
has been held every year since 1941.
Master of ceremonies for this
year's Spring Sing will be Tim
Sharpe, a member of Delta Upsilon.
Sharpe is the senior class historian
and has been active in debating
while at Stanford.
Don Crowell is chairman of* the
event.
Other members of the Spring Sing
committee include: secretary, Shan
non Heath; publicity chairman, Jan
Burns; programs, Lyn Colebourn;
selection of judges, Alice Harvey
and Karen Opsahl; trophies, Craig
Barnes; ushering, Jane Kleerup and
Skip Hauge; seating, Fred Fortine
and Walt Hayes.
Voices are being polished and
routines are rounding into shape in
feverish preparation for the com
ing Spring Sing, which will be held
Saturday night in Frost Amphithe
ater.
A record 42 entries will offer their
talents before an estimated crowd of
6.000 for this annual event, which
has been held every year since 1941.
Master of ceremonies for this
year's Spring Sing will be Tim
Sharpe, a member of Delta Upsilon.
Sharpe is the senior class historian
and has been active in debating
while at Stanford.
Don Crowell is chairman of* the
event.
Other members of the Spring Sing
committee include: secretary, Shan
non Heath; publicity chairman, Jan
Burns; programs, Lyn Colebourn;
selection of judges, Alice Harvey
and Karen Opsahl; trophies, Craig
Barnes; ushering, Jane Kleerup and
Skip Hauge; seating, Fred Fortine
and Walt Hayes.
Voices are being polished and
routines are rounding into shape in
feverish preparation for the com
ing Spring Sing, which will be held
Saturday night in Frost Amphithe
ater.
A record 42 entries will offer their
talents before an estimated crowd of
6.000 for this annual event, which
has been held every year since 1941.
Master of ceremonies for this
year's Spring Sing will be Tim
Sharpe, a member of Delta Upsilon.
Sharpe is the senior class historian
and has been active in debating
while at Stanford.
Don Crowell is chairman of* the
event.
Other members of the Spring Sing
committee include: secretary, Shan
non Heath; publicity chairman, Jan
Burns; programs, Lyn Colebourn;
selection of judges, Alice Harvey
and Karen Opsahl; trophies, Craig
Barnes; ushering, Jane Kleerup and
Skip Hauge; seating, Fred Fortine
and Walt Hayes.
Voices are being polished and
routines are rounding into shape in
feverish preparation for the com
ing Spring Sing, which will be held
Saturday night in Frost Amphithe
ater.
A record 42 entries will offer their
talents before an estimated crowd of
6.000 for this annual event, which
has been held every year since 1941.
Master of ceremonies for this
year's Spring Sing will be Tim
Sharpe, a member of Delta Upsilon.
Sharpe is the senior class historian
and has been active in debating
while at Stanford.
Don Crowell is chairman of* the
event.
Other members of the Spring Sing
committee include: secretary, Shan
non Heath; publicity chairman, Jan
Burns; programs, Lyn Colebourn;
selection of judges, Alice Harvey
and Karen Opsahl; trophies, Craig
Barnes; ushering, Jane Kleerup and
Skip Hauge; seating, Fred Fortine
and Walt Hayes.
Voices are being polished and
routines are rounding into shape in
feverish preparation for the com
ing Spring Sing, which will be held
Saturday night in Frost Amphithe
ater.
A record 42 entries will offer their
talents before an estimated crowd of
6.000 for this annual event, which
has been held every year since 1941.
Master of ceremonies for this
year's Spring Sing will be Tim
Sharpe, a member of Delta Upsilon.
Sharpe is the senior class historian
and has been active in debating
while at Stanford.
Don Crowell is chairman of* the
event.
Other members of the Spring Sing
committee include: secretary, Shan
non Heath; publicity chairman, Jan
Burns; programs, Lyn Colebourn;
selection of judges, Alice Harvey
and Karen Opsahl; trophies, Craig
Barnes; ushering, Jane Kleerup and
Skip Hauge; seating, Fred Fortine
and Walt Hayes.
Voices are being polished and
routines are rounding into shape in
feverish preparation for the com
ing Spring Sing, which will be held
Saturday night in Frost Amphithe
ater.
A record 42 entries will offer their
talents before an estimated crowd of
6.000 for this annual event, which
has been held every year since 1941.
Master of ceremonies for this
year's Spring Sing will be Tim
Sharpe, a member of Delta Upsilon.
Sharpe is the senior class historian
and has been active in debating
while at Stanford.
Don Crowell is chairman of* the
event.
Other members of the Spring Sing
committee include: secretary, Shan
non Heath; publicity chairman, Jan
Burns; programs, Lyn Colebourn;
selection of judges, Alice Harvey
and Karen Opsahl; trophies, Craig
Barnes; ushering, Jane Kleerup and
Skip Hauge; seating, Fred Fortine
and Walt Hayes.
Voices are being polished and
routines are rounding into shape in
feverish preparation for the com
ing Spring Sing, which will be held
Saturday night in Frost Amphithe
ater.
A record 42 entries will offer their
talents before an estimated crowd of
6.000 for this annual event, which
has been held every year since 1941.
Master of ceremonies for this
year's Spring Sing will be Tim
Sharpe, a member of Delta Upsilon.
Sharpe is the senior class historian
and has been active in debating
while at Stanford.
Don Crowell is chairman of* the
event.
Other members of the Spring Sing
committee include: secretary, Shan
non Heath; publicity chairman, Jan
Burns; programs, Lyn Colebourn;
selection of judges, Alice Harvey
and Karen Opsahl; trophies, Craig
Barnes; ushering, Jane Kleerup and
Skip Hauge; seating, Fred Fortine
and Walt Hayes.
Voices are being polished and
routines are rounding into shape in
feverish preparation for the com
ing Spring Sing, which will be held
Saturday night in Frost Amphithe
ater.
A record 42 entries will offer their
talents before an estimated crowd of
6.000 for this annual event, which
has been held every year since 1941.
Master of ceremonies for this
year's Spring Sing will be Tim
Sharpe, a member of Delta Upsilon.
Sharpe is the senior class historian
and has been active in debating
while at Stanford.
Don Crowell is chairman of* the
event.
Other members of the Spring Sing
committee include: secretary, Shan
non Heath; publicity chairman, Jan
Burns; programs, Lyn Colebourn;
selection of judges, Alice Harvey
and Karen Opsahl; trophies, Craig
Barnes; ushering, Jane Kleerup and
Skip Hauge; seating, Fred Fortine
and Walt Hayes.
Voices are being polished and
routines are rounding into shape in
feverish preparation for the com
ing Spring Sing, which will be held
Saturday night in Frost Amphithe
ater.
A record 42 entries will offer their
talents before an estimated crowd of
6.000 for this annual event, which
has been held every year since 1941.
Master of ceremonies for this
year's Spring Sing will be Tim
Sharpe, a member of Delta Upsilon.
Sharpe is the senior class historian
and has been active in debating
while at Stanford.
Don Crowell is chairman of* the
event.
Other members of the Spring Sing
committee include: secretary, Shan
non Heath; publicity chairman, Jan
Burns; programs, Lyn Colebourn;
selection of judges, Alice Harvey
and Karen Opsahl; trophies, Craig
Barnes; ushering, Jane Kleerup and
Skip Hauge; seating, Fred Fortine
and Walt Hayes.
Voices are being polished and
routines are rounding into shape in
feverish preparation for the com
ing Spring Sing, which will be held
Saturday night in Frost Amphithe
ater.
A record 42 entries will offer their
talents before an estimated crowd of
6.000 for this annual event, which
has been held every year since 1941.
Master of ceremonies for this
year's Spring Sing will be Tim
Sharpe, a member of Delta Upsilon.
Sharpe is the senior class historian
and has been active in debating
while at Stanford.
Don Crowell is chairman of* the
event.
Other members of the Spring Sing
committee include: secretary, Shan
non Heath; publicity chairman, Jan
Burns; programs, Lyn Colebourn;
selection of judges, Alice Harvey
and Karen Opsahl; trophies, Craig
Barnes; ushering, Jane Kleerup and
Skip Hauge; seating, Fred Fortine
and Walt Hayes.
Voices are being polished and
routines are rounding into shape in
feverish preparation for the com
ing Spring Sing, which will be held
Saturday night in Frost Amphithe
ater.
A record 42 entries will offer their
talents before an estimated crowd of
6.000 for this annual event, which
has been held every year since 1941.
Master of ceremonies for this
year's Spring Sing will be Tim
Sharpe, a member of Delta Upsilon.
Sharpe is the senior class historian
and has been active in debating
while at Stanford.
Don Crowell is chairman of* the
event.
Other members of the Spring Sing
committee include: secretary, Shan
non Heath; publicity chairman, Jan
Burns; programs, Lyn Colebourn;
selection of judges, Alice Harvey
and Karen Opsahl; trophies, Craig
Barnes; ushering, Jane Kleerup and
Skip Hauge; seating, Fred Fortine
and Walt Hayes.
Voices are being polished and
routines are rounding into shape in
feverish preparation for the com
ing Spring Sing, which will be held
Saturday night in Frost Amphithe
ater.
A record 42 entries will offer their
talents before an estimated crowd of
6.000 for this annual event, which
has been held every year since 1941.
Master of ceremonies for this
year's Spring Sing will be Tim
Sharpe, a member of Delta Upsilon.
Sharpe is the senior class historian
and has been active in debating
while at Stanford.
Don Crowell is chairman of* the
event.
Other members of the Spring Sing
committee include: secretary, Shan
non Heath; publicity chairman, Jan
Burns; programs, Lyn Colebourn;
selection of judges, Alice Harvey
and Karen Opsahl; trophies, Craig
Barnes; ushering, Jane Kleerup and
Skip Hauge; seating, Fred Fortine
and Walt Hayes.
Voices are being polished and
routines are rounding into shape in
feverish preparation for the com
ing Spring Sing, which will be held
Saturday night in Frost Amphithe
ater.
A record 42 entries will offer their
talents before an estimated crowd of
6.000 for this annual event, which
has been held every year since 1941.
Master of ceremonies for this
year's Spring Sing will be Tim
Sharpe, a member of Delta Upsilon.
Sharpe is the senior class historian
and has been active in debating
while at Stanford.
Don Crowell is chairman of* the
event.
Other members of the Spring Sing
committee include: secretary, Shan
non Heath; publicity chairman, Jan
Burns; programs, Lyn Colebourn;
selection of judges, Alice Harvey
and Karen Opsahl; trophies, Craig
Barnes; ushering, Jane Kleerup and
Skip Hauge; seating, Fred Fortine
and Walt Hayes.
