# Float Chairmen To Meet Today
## 
### 
A final meeting for a float chair
men for tomorrow night's prc-
UCLA parade will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 5 p.m. to
day. Attendance is imperative, ac
cording to parade chairman Roy
Alexander.
A final meeting for a float chair
men for tomorrow night's prc-
UCLA parade will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 5 p.m. to
day. Attendance is imperative, ac
cording to parade chairman Roy
Alexander.
A final meeting for a float chair
men for tomorrow night's prc-
UCLA parade will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 5 p.m. to
day. Attendance is imperative, ac
cording to parade chairman Roy
Alexander.
A final meeting for a float chair
men for tomorrow night's prc-
UCLA parade will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 5 p.m. to
day. Attendance is imperative, ac
cording to parade chairman Roy
Alexander.
A final meeting for a float chair
men for tomorrow night's prc-
UCLA parade will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 5 p.m. to
day. Attendance is imperative, ac
cording to parade chairman Roy
Alexander.
A final meeting for a float chair
men for tomorrow night's prc-
UCLA parade will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 5 p.m. to
day. Attendance is imperative, ac
cording to parade chairman Roy
Alexander.
A final meeting for a float chair
men for tomorrow night's prc-
UCLA parade will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 5 p.m. to
day. Attendance is imperative, ac
cording to parade chairman Roy
Alexander.
A final meeting for a float chair
men for tomorrow night's prc-
UCLA parade will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 5 p.m. to
day. Attendance is imperative, ac
cording to parade chairman Roy
Alexander.
A final meeting for a float chair
men for tomorrow night's prc-
UCLA parade will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 5 p.m. to
day. Attendance is imperative, ac
cording to parade chairman Roy
Alexander.
A final meeting for a float chair
men for tomorrow night's prc-
UCLA parade will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 5 p.m. to
day. Attendance is imperative, ac
cording to parade chairman Roy
Alexander.
A final meeting for a float chair
men for tomorrow night's prc-
UCLA parade will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 5 p.m. to
day. Attendance is imperative, ac
cording to parade chairman Roy
Alexander.
A final meeting for a float chair
men for tomorrow night's prc-
UCLA parade will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 5 p.m. to
day. Attendance is imperative, ac
cording to parade chairman Roy
Alexander.
A final meeting for a float chair
men for tomorrow night's prc-
UCLA parade will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 5 p.m. to
day. Attendance is imperative, ac
cording to parade chairman Roy
Alexander.
A final meeting for a float chair
men for tomorrow night's prc-
UCLA parade will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 5 p.m. to
day. Attendance is imperative, ac
cording to parade chairman Roy
Alexander.
A final meeting for a float chair
men for tomorrow night's prc-
UCLA parade will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 5 p.m. to
day. Attendance is imperative, ac
cording to parade chairman Roy
Alexander.
