# Oil Concern Holds Campus Interviews
## 
### 
Mr. A. L. Viter of the California
Company will be on campus tomor
morrow to interview petroleum en
gineers. If interested, please sign
up at the Placement Service, Build
ing 1, immediately.
Mr. A. L. Viter of the California
Company will be on campus tomor
morrow to interview petroleum en
gineers. If interested, please sign
up at the Placement Service, Build
ing 1, immediately.
Mr. A. L. Viter of the California
Company will be on campus tomor
morrow to interview petroleum en
gineers. If interested, please sign
up at the Placement Service, Build
ing 1, immediately.
Mr. A. L. Viter of the California
Company will be on campus tomor
morrow to interview petroleum en
gineers. If interested, please sign
up at the Placement Service, Build
ing 1, immediately.
Mr. A. L. Viter of the California
Company will be on campus tomor
morrow to interview petroleum en
gineers. If interested, please sign
up at the Placement Service, Build
ing 1, immediately.
Mr. A. L. Viter of the California
Company will be on campus tomor
morrow to interview petroleum en
gineers. If interested, please sign
up at the Placement Service, Build
ing 1, immediately.
Mr. A. L. Viter of the California
Company will be on campus tomor
morrow to interview petroleum en
gineers. If interested, please sign
up at the Placement Service, Build
ing 1, immediately.
Mr. A. L. Viter of the California
Company will be on campus tomor
morrow to interview petroleum en
gineers. If interested, please sign
up at the Placement Service, Build
ing 1, immediately.
Mr. A. L. Viter of the California
Company will be on campus tomor
morrow to interview petroleum en
gineers. If interested, please sign
up at the Placement Service, Build
ing 1, immediately.
Mr. A. L. Viter of the California
Company will be on campus tomor
morrow to interview petroleum en
gineers. If interested, please sign
up at the Placement Service, Build
ing 1, immediately.
Mr. A. L. Viter of the California
Company will be on campus tomor
morrow to interview petroleum en
gineers. If interested, please sign
up at the Placement Service, Build
ing 1, immediately.
Mr. A. L. Viter of the California
Company will be on campus tomor
morrow to interview petroleum en
gineers. If interested, please sign
up at the Placement Service, Build
ing 1, immediately.
Mr. A. L. Viter of the California
Company will be on campus tomor
morrow to interview petroleum en
gineers. If interested, please sign
up at the Placement Service, Build
ing 1, immediately.
Mr. A. L. Viter of the California
Company will be on campus tomor
morrow to interview petroleum en
gineers. If interested, please sign
up at the Placement Service, Build
ing 1, immediately.
Mr. A. L. Viter of the California
Company will be on campus tomor
morrow to interview petroleum en
gineers. If interested, please sign
up at the Placement Service, Build
ing 1, immediately.
