# Stassen's Charges
## 
### 
WASHINGTON — Secretary of
State Dean Acheson revealed today
that he "concurred" in a military
recommendation to suspend at least
temporarily U.S. arms shipments to
Nationalist China in early 1949.
But he vigorously denied charges
by Harold E. Stassen that he and
Ambassador Philip C. Jessup ad
vanced the proposal as "a dramatic
peace move."
WASHINGTON — Secretary of
State Dean Acheson revealed today
that he "concurred" in a military
recommendation to suspend at least
temporarily U.S. arms shipments to
Nationalist China in early 1949.
But he vigorously denied charges
by Harold E. Stassen that he and
Ambassador Philip C. Jessup ad
vanced the proposal as "a dramatic
peace move."
WASHINGTON — Secretary of
State Dean Acheson revealed today
that he "concurred" in a military
recommendation to suspend at least
temporarily U.S. arms shipments to
Nationalist China in early 1949.
But he vigorously denied charges
by Harold E. Stassen that he and
Ambassador Philip C. Jessup ad
vanced the proposal as "a dramatic
peace move."
WASHINGTON — Secretary of
State Dean Acheson revealed today
that he "concurred" in a military
recommendation to suspend at least
temporarily U.S. arms shipments to
Nationalist China in early 1949.
But he vigorously denied charges
by Harold E. Stassen that he and
Ambassador Philip C. Jessup ad
vanced the proposal as "a dramatic
peace move."
WASHINGTON — Secretary of
State Dean Acheson revealed today
that he "concurred" in a military
recommendation to suspend at least
temporarily U.S. arms shipments to
Nationalist China in early 1949.
But he vigorously denied charges
by Harold E. Stassen that he and
Ambassador Philip C. Jessup ad
vanced the proposal as "a dramatic
peace move."
WASHINGTON — Secretary of
State Dean Acheson revealed today
that he "concurred" in a military
recommendation to suspend at least
temporarily U.S. arms shipments to
Nationalist China in early 1949.
But he vigorously denied charges
by Harold E. Stassen that he and
Ambassador Philip C. Jessup ad
vanced the proposal as "a dramatic
peace move."
WASHINGTON — Secretary of
State Dean Acheson revealed today
that he "concurred" in a military
recommendation to suspend at least
temporarily U.S. arms shipments to
Nationalist China in early 1949.
But he vigorously denied charges
by Harold E. Stassen that he and
Ambassador Philip C. Jessup ad
vanced the proposal as "a dramatic
peace move."
WASHINGTON — Secretary of
State Dean Acheson revealed today
that he "concurred" in a military
recommendation to suspend at least
temporarily U.S. arms shipments to
Nationalist China in early 1949.
But he vigorously denied charges
by Harold E. Stassen that he and
Ambassador Philip C. Jessup ad
vanced the proposal as "a dramatic
peace move."
WASHINGTON — Secretary of
State Dean Acheson revealed today
that he "concurred" in a military
recommendation to suspend at least
temporarily U.S. arms shipments to
Nationalist China in early 1949.
But he vigorously denied charges
by Harold E. Stassen that he and
Ambassador Philip C. Jessup ad
vanced the proposal as "a dramatic
peace move."
WASHINGTON — Secretary of
State Dean Acheson revealed today
that he "concurred" in a military
recommendation to suspend at least
temporarily U.S. arms shipments to
Nationalist China in early 1949.
But he vigorously denied charges
by Harold E. Stassen that he and
Ambassador Philip C. Jessup ad
vanced the proposal as "a dramatic
peace move."
WASHINGTON — Secretary of
State Dean Acheson revealed today
that he "concurred" in a military
recommendation to suspend at least
temporarily U.S. arms shipments to
Nationalist China in early 1949.
But he vigorously denied charges
by Harold E. Stassen that he and
Ambassador Philip C. Jessup ad
vanced the proposal as "a dramatic
peace move."
WASHINGTON — Secretary of
State Dean Acheson revealed today
that he "concurred" in a military
recommendation to suspend at least
temporarily U.S. arms shipments to
Nationalist China in early 1949.
But he vigorously denied charges
by Harold E. Stassen that he and
Ambassador Philip C. Jessup ad
vanced the proposal as "a dramatic
peace move."
WASHINGTON — Secretary of
State Dean Acheson revealed today
that he "concurred" in a military
recommendation to suspend at least
temporarily U.S. arms shipments to
Nationalist China in early 1949.
But he vigorously denied charges
by Harold E. Stassen that he and
Ambassador Philip C. Jessup ad
vanced the proposal as "a dramatic
peace move."
WASHINGTON — Secretary of
State Dean Acheson revealed today
that he "concurred" in a military
recommendation to suspend at least
temporarily U.S. arms shipments to
Nationalist China in early 1949.
But he vigorously denied charges
by Harold E. Stassen that he and
Ambassador Philip C. Jessup ad
vanced the proposal as "a dramatic
peace move."
WASHINGTON — Secretary of
State Dean Acheson revealed today
that he "concurred" in a military
recommendation to suspend at least
temporarily U.S. arms shipments to
Nationalist China in early 1949.
But he vigorously denied charges
by Harold E. Stassen that he and
Ambassador Philip C. Jessup ad
vanced the proposal as "a dramatic
peace move."
