# Stanford Provost to Address Associates in Los Angeles
## 
### 
Dr. Douglas M. Whitakcr, Stan
ford provost, will speak on "Uni
versity Education and National
Strength" at a gathering of Stan
ford Associates in Los Angeles to
morrow.
Nearly 200 persons, including
prominent guests from the Southern
California area, arc expected to at
tend the dinner meeting at the Uni
versity Club.
I)r. Whitakcr, a widely known
biologist who was appointed to
Stanford's second highest admin
istrative post last year, will he in
troduced by President Wallace
Sterling.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitakcr, Stan
ford provost, will speak on "Uni
versity Education and National
Strength" at a gathering of Stan
ford Associates in Los Angeles to
morrow.
Nearly 200 persons, including
prominent guests from the Southern
California area, arc expected to at
tend the dinner meeting at the Uni
versity Club.
I)r. Whitakcr, a widely known
biologist who was appointed to
Stanford's second highest admin
istrative post last year, will he in
troduced by President Wallace
Sterling.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitakcr, Stan
ford provost, will speak on "Uni
versity Education and National
Strength" at a gathering of Stan
ford Associates in Los Angeles to
morrow.
Nearly 200 persons, including
prominent guests from the Southern
California area, arc expected to at
tend the dinner meeting at the Uni
versity Club.
I)r. Whitakcr, a widely known
biologist who was appointed to
Stanford's second highest admin
istrative post last year, will he in
troduced by President Wallace
Sterling.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitakcr, Stan
ford provost, will speak on "Uni
versity Education and National
Strength" at a gathering of Stan
ford Associates in Los Angeles to
morrow.
Nearly 200 persons, including
prominent guests from the Southern
California area, arc expected to at
tend the dinner meeting at the Uni
versity Club.
I)r. Whitakcr, a widely known
biologist who was appointed to
Stanford's second highest admin
istrative post last year, will he in
troduced by President Wallace
Sterling.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitakcr, Stan
ford provost, will speak on "Uni
versity Education and National
Strength" at a gathering of Stan
ford Associates in Los Angeles to
morrow.
Nearly 200 persons, including
prominent guests from the Southern
California area, arc expected to at
tend the dinner meeting at the Uni
versity Club.
I)r. Whitakcr, a widely known
biologist who was appointed to
Stanford's second highest admin
istrative post last year, will he in
troduced by President Wallace
Sterling.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitakcr, Stan
ford provost, will speak on "Uni
versity Education and National
Strength" at a gathering of Stan
ford Associates in Los Angeles to
morrow.
Nearly 200 persons, including
prominent guests from the Southern
California area, arc expected to at
tend the dinner meeting at the Uni
versity Club.
I)r. Whitakcr, a widely known
biologist who was appointed to
Stanford's second highest admin
istrative post last year, will he in
troduced by President Wallace
Sterling.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitakcr, Stan
ford provost, will speak on "Uni
versity Education and National
Strength" at a gathering of Stan
ford Associates in Los Angeles to
morrow.
Nearly 200 persons, including
prominent guests from the Southern
California area, arc expected to at
tend the dinner meeting at the Uni
versity Club.
I)r. Whitakcr, a widely known
biologist who was appointed to
Stanford's second highest admin
istrative post last year, will he in
troduced by President Wallace
Sterling.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitakcr, Stan
ford provost, will speak on "Uni
versity Education and National
Strength" at a gathering of Stan
ford Associates in Los Angeles to
morrow.
Nearly 200 persons, including
prominent guests from the Southern
California area, arc expected to at
tend the dinner meeting at the Uni
versity Club.
I)r. Whitakcr, a widely known
biologist who was appointed to
Stanford's second highest admin
istrative post last year, will he in
troduced by President Wallace
Sterling.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitakcr, Stan
ford provost, will speak on "Uni
versity Education and National
Strength" at a gathering of Stan
ford Associates in Los Angeles to
morrow.
Nearly 200 persons, including
prominent guests from the Southern
California area, arc expected to at
tend the dinner meeting at the Uni
versity Club.
I)r. Whitakcr, a widely known
biologist who was appointed to
Stanford's second highest admin
istrative post last year, will he in
troduced by President Wallace
Sterling.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitakcr, Stan
ford provost, will speak on "Uni
versity Education and National
Strength" at a gathering of Stan
ford Associates in Los Angeles to
morrow.
Nearly 200 persons, including
prominent guests from the Southern
California area, arc expected to at
tend the dinner meeting at the Uni
versity Club.
I)r. Whitakcr, a widely known
biologist who was appointed to
Stanford's second highest admin
istrative post last year, will he in
troduced by President Wallace
Sterling.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitakcr, Stan
ford provost, will speak on "Uni
versity Education and National
Strength" at a gathering of Stan
ford Associates in Los Angeles to
morrow.
Nearly 200 persons, including
prominent guests from the Southern
California area, arc expected to at
tend the dinner meeting at the Uni
versity Club.
I)r. Whitakcr, a widely known
biologist who was appointed to
Stanford's second highest admin
istrative post last year, will he in
troduced by President Wallace
Sterling.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitakcr, Stan
ford provost, will speak on "Uni
versity Education and National
Strength" at a gathering of Stan
ford Associates in Los Angeles to
morrow.
Nearly 200 persons, including
prominent guests from the Southern
California area, arc expected to at
tend the dinner meeting at the Uni
versity Club.
I)r. Whitakcr, a widely known
biologist who was appointed to
Stanford's second highest admin
istrative post last year, will he in
troduced by President Wallace
Sterling.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitakcr, Stan
ford provost, will speak on "Uni
versity Education and National
Strength" at a gathering of Stan
ford Associates in Los Angeles to
morrow.
Nearly 200 persons, including
prominent guests from the Southern
California area, arc expected to at
tend the dinner meeting at the Uni
versity Club.
I)r. Whitakcr, a widely known
biologist who was appointed to
Stanford's second highest admin
istrative post last year, will he in
troduced by President Wallace
Sterling.
