# Fun Stan Com Tryouts
## 
### 
Interviews for Fundamental
Standard Committee will eontinue
today from 4 to (> in the basement
court room of the Women's Club
house. Tryoutees may sign up for
interviews at the ASSU oflice. At
tendance at Stanford all of next
year is the only qualification for
membership.
Interviews for Fundamental
Standard Committee will eontinue
today from 4 to (> in the basement
court room of the Women's Club
house. Tryoutees may sign up for
interviews at the ASSU oflice. At
tendance at Stanford all of next
year is the only qualification for
membership.
Interviews for Fundamental
Standard Committee will eontinue
today from 4 to (> in the basement
court room of the Women's Club
house. Tryoutees may sign up for
interviews at the ASSU oflice. At
tendance at Stanford all of next
year is the only qualification for
membership.
Interviews for Fundamental
Standard Committee will eontinue
today from 4 to (> in the basement
court room of the Women's Club
house. Tryoutees may sign up for
interviews at the ASSU oflice. At
tendance at Stanford all of next
year is the only qualification for
membership.
Interviews for Fundamental
Standard Committee will eontinue
today from 4 to (> in the basement
court room of the Women's Club
house. Tryoutees may sign up for
interviews at the ASSU oflice. At
tendance at Stanford all of next
year is the only qualification for
membership.
Interviews for Fundamental
Standard Committee will eontinue
today from 4 to (> in the basement
court room of the Women's Club
house. Tryoutees may sign up for
interviews at the ASSU oflice. At
tendance at Stanford all of next
year is the only qualification for
membership.
Interviews for Fundamental
Standard Committee will eontinue
today from 4 to (> in the basement
court room of the Women's Club
house. Tryoutees may sign up for
interviews at the ASSU oflice. At
tendance at Stanford all of next
year is the only qualification for
membership.
Interviews for Fundamental
Standard Committee will eontinue
today from 4 to (> in the basement
court room of the Women's Club
house. Tryoutees may sign up for
interviews at the ASSU oflice. At
tendance at Stanford all of next
year is the only qualification for
membership.
Interviews for Fundamental
Standard Committee will eontinue
today from 4 to (> in the basement
court room of the Women's Club
house. Tryoutees may sign up for
interviews at the ASSU oflice. At
tendance at Stanford all of next
year is the only qualification for
membership.
Interviews for Fundamental
Standard Committee will eontinue
today from 4 to (> in the basement
court room of the Women's Club
house. Tryoutees may sign up for
interviews at the ASSU oflice. At
tendance at Stanford all of next
year is the only qualification for
membership.
Interviews for Fundamental
Standard Committee will eontinue
today from 4 to (> in the basement
court room of the Women's Club
house. Tryoutees may sign up for
interviews at the ASSU oflice. At
tendance at Stanford all of next
year is the only qualification for
membership.
Interviews for Fundamental
Standard Committee will eontinue
today from 4 to (> in the basement
court room of the Women's Club
house. Tryoutees may sign up for
interviews at the ASSU oflice. At
tendance at Stanford all of next
year is the only qualification for
membership.
Interviews for Fundamental
Standard Committee will eontinue
today from 4 to (> in the basement
court room of the Women's Club
house. Tryoutees may sign up for
interviews at the ASSU oflice. At
tendance at Stanford all of next
year is the only qualification for
membership.
