# Golfers Battle Cal
## 
### 
Stanford's »!I learn v. ill host
the University of California and
San Jose I his weekend. The In
dians are 7-3 on the season with
San Jose the only eollegiaie learn
to blemish the mark. Stanford has
also lost to thi' Stanford Alumni
and the Stanford Golf Club. Match
play begins at 2:00 p.m. on Fri
day against Cal.
Stanford's »!I learn v. ill host
the University of California and
San Jose I his weekend. The In
dians are 7-3 on the season with
San Jose the only eollegiaie learn
to blemish the mark. Stanford has
also lost to thi' Stanford Alumni
and the Stanford Golf Club. Match
play begins at 2:00 p.m. on Fri
day against Cal.
Stanford's »!I learn v. ill host
the University of California and
San Jose I his weekend. The In
dians are 7-3 on the season with
San Jose the only eollegiaie learn
to blemish the mark. Stanford has
also lost to thi' Stanford Alumni
and the Stanford Golf Club. Match
play begins at 2:00 p.m. on Fri
day against Cal.
Stanford's »!I learn v. ill host
the University of California and
San Jose I his weekend. The In
dians are 7-3 on the season with
San Jose the only eollegiaie learn
to blemish the mark. Stanford has
also lost to thi' Stanford Alumni
and the Stanford Golf Club. Match
play begins at 2:00 p.m. on Fri
day against Cal.
Stanford's »!I learn v. ill host
the University of California and
San Jose I his weekend. The In
dians are 7-3 on the season with
San Jose the only eollegiaie learn
to blemish the mark. Stanford has
also lost to thi' Stanford Alumni
and the Stanford Golf Club. Match
play begins at 2:00 p.m. on Fri
day against Cal.
Stanford's »!I learn v. ill host
the University of California and
San Jose I his weekend. The In
dians are 7-3 on the season with
San Jose the only eollegiaie learn
to blemish the mark. Stanford has
also lost to thi' Stanford Alumni
and the Stanford Golf Club. Match
play begins at 2:00 p.m. on Fri
day against Cal.
Stanford's »!I learn v. ill host
the University of California and
San Jose I his weekend. The In
dians are 7-3 on the season with
San Jose the only eollegiaie learn
to blemish the mark. Stanford has
also lost to thi' Stanford Alumni
and the Stanford Golf Club. Match
play begins at 2:00 p.m. on Fri
day against Cal.
Stanford's »!I learn v. ill host
the University of California and
San Jose I his weekend. The In
dians are 7-3 on the season with
San Jose the only eollegiaie learn
to blemish the mark. Stanford has
also lost to thi' Stanford Alumni
and the Stanford Golf Club. Match
play begins at 2:00 p.m. on Fri
day against Cal.
Stanford's »!I learn v. ill host
the University of California and
San Jose I his weekend. The In
dians are 7-3 on the season with
San Jose the only eollegiaie learn
to blemish the mark. Stanford has
also lost to thi' Stanford Alumni
and the Stanford Golf Club. Match
play begins at 2:00 p.m. on Fri
day against Cal.
Stanford's »!I learn v. ill host
the University of California and
San Jose I his weekend. The In
dians are 7-3 on the season with
San Jose the only eollegiaie learn
to blemish the mark. Stanford has
also lost to thi' Stanford Alumni
and the Stanford Golf Club. Match
play begins at 2:00 p.m. on Fri
day against Cal.
Stanford's »!I learn v. ill host
the University of California and
San Jose I his weekend. The In
dians are 7-3 on the season with
San Jose the only eollegiaie learn
to blemish the mark. Stanford has
also lost to thi' Stanford Alumni
and the Stanford Golf Club. Match
play begins at 2:00 p.m. on Fri
day against Cal.
Stanford's »!I learn v. ill host
the University of California and
San Jose I his weekend. The In
dians are 7-3 on the season with
San Jose the only eollegiaie learn
to blemish the mark. Stanford has
also lost to thi' Stanford Alumni
and the Stanford Golf Club. Match
play begins at 2:00 p.m. on Fri
day against Cal.
Stanford's »!I learn v. ill host
the University of California and
San Jose I his weekend. The In
dians are 7-3 on the season with
San Jose the only eollegiaie learn
to blemish the mark. Stanford has
also lost to thi' Stanford Alumni
and the Stanford Golf Club. Match
play begins at 2:00 p.m. on Fri
day against Cal.
Stanford's »!I learn v. ill host
the University of California and
San Jose I his weekend. The In
dians are 7-3 on the season with
San Jose the only eollegiaie learn
to blemish the mark. Stanford has
also lost to thi' Stanford Alumni
and the Stanford Golf Club. Match
play begins at 2:00 p.m. on Fri
day against Cal.
Stanford's »!I learn v. ill host
the University of California and
San Jose I his weekend. The In
dians are 7-3 on the season with
San Jose the only eollegiaie learn
to blemish the mark. Stanford has
also lost to thi' Stanford Alumni
and the Stanford Golf Club. Match
play begins at 2:00 p.m. on Fri
day against Cal.
