# â€˜En La Red' Rehearsal
## 
### 
Mary Ccichu and Art Fisher, rehearse "En la red" by Alfonso
Sastre. The play, to be performed in Spanish by the Spanish
Theatre Group of Stanford University, "recreates the physical
and moral agonies" of five members of a North African un
derground movement, fighting for liberation from a colonial
power. The play will be presented today at 3 and 8 p.m. in
!h.' Women's Clubhouse.

Mary Ccichu and Art Fisher, rehearse "En la red" by Alfonso
Sastre. The play, to be performed in Spanish by the Spanish
Theatre Group of Stanford University, "recreates the physical
and moral agonies" of five members of a North African un
derground movement, fighting for liberation from a colonial
power. The play will be presented today at 3 and 8 p.m. in
!h.' Women's Clubhouse.

Mary Ccichu and Art Fisher, rehearse "En la red" by Alfonso
Sastre. The play, to be performed in Spanish by the Spanish
Theatre Group of Stanford University, "recreates the physical
and moral agonies" of five members of a North African un
derground movement, fighting for liberation from a colonial
power. The play will be presented today at 3 and 8 p.m. in
!h.' Women's Clubhouse.

Mary Ccichu and Art Fisher, rehearse "En la red" by Alfonso
Sastre. The play, to be performed in Spanish by the Spanish
Theatre Group of Stanford University, "recreates the physical
and moral agonies" of five members of a North African un
derground movement, fighting for liberation from a colonial
power. The play will be presented today at 3 and 8 p.m. in
!h.' Women's Clubhouse.

Mary Ccichu and Art Fisher, rehearse "En la red" by Alfonso
Sastre. The play, to be performed in Spanish by the Spanish
Theatre Group of Stanford University, "recreates the physical
and moral agonies" of five members of a North African un
derground movement, fighting for liberation from a colonial
power. The play will be presented today at 3 and 8 p.m. in
!h.' Women's Clubhouse.

Mary Ccichu and Art Fisher, rehearse "En la red" by Alfonso
Sastre. The play, to be performed in Spanish by the Spanish
Theatre Group of Stanford University, "recreates the physical
and moral agonies" of five members of a North African un
derground movement, fighting for liberation from a colonial
power. The play will be presented today at 3 and 8 p.m. in
!h.' Women's Clubhouse.

Mary Ccichu and Art Fisher, rehearse "En la red" by Alfonso
Sastre. The play, to be performed in Spanish by the Spanish
Theatre Group of Stanford University, "recreates the physical
and moral agonies" of five members of a North African un
derground movement, fighting for liberation from a colonial
power. The play will be presented today at 3 and 8 p.m. in
!h.' Women's Clubhouse.

Mary Ccichu and Art Fisher, rehearse "En la red" by Alfonso
Sastre. The play, to be performed in Spanish by the Spanish
Theatre Group of Stanford University, "recreates the physical
and moral agonies" of five members of a North African un
derground movement, fighting for liberation from a colonial
power. The play will be presented today at 3 and 8 p.m. in
!h.' Women's Clubhouse.

Mary Ccichu and Art Fisher, rehearse "En la red" by Alfonso
Sastre. The play, to be performed in Spanish by the Spanish
Theatre Group of Stanford University, "recreates the physical
and moral agonies" of five members of a North African un
derground movement, fighting for liberation from a colonial
power. The play will be presented today at 3 and 8 p.m. in
!h.' Women's Clubhouse.

Mary Ccichu and Art Fisher, rehearse "En la red" by Alfonso
Sastre. The play, to be performed in Spanish by the Spanish
Theatre Group of Stanford University, "recreates the physical
and moral agonies" of five members of a North African un
derground movement, fighting for liberation from a colonial
power. The play will be presented today at 3 and 8 p.m. in
!h.' Women's Clubhouse.

Mary Ccichu and Art Fisher, rehearse "En la red" by Alfonso
Sastre. The play, to be performed in Spanish by the Spanish
Theatre Group of Stanford University, "recreates the physical
and moral agonies" of five members of a North African un
derground movement, fighting for liberation from a colonial
power. The play will be presented today at 3 and 8 p.m. in
!h.' Women's Clubhouse.

Mary Ccichu and Art Fisher, rehearse "En la red" by Alfonso
Sastre. The play, to be performed in Spanish by the Spanish
Theatre Group of Stanford University, "recreates the physical
and moral agonies" of five members of a North African un
derground movement, fighting for liberation from a colonial
power. The play will be presented today at 3 and 8 p.m. in
!h.' Women's Clubhouse.

Mary Ccichu and Art Fisher, rehearse "En la red" by Alfonso
Sastre. The play, to be performed in Spanish by the Spanish
Theatre Group of Stanford University, "recreates the physical
and moral agonies" of five members of a North African un
derground movement, fighting for liberation from a colonial
power. The play will be presented today at 3 and 8 p.m. in
!h.' Women's Clubhouse.

Mary Ccichu and Art Fisher, rehearse "En la red" by Alfonso
Sastre. The play, to be performed in Spanish by the Spanish
Theatre Group of Stanford University, "recreates the physical
and moral agonies" of five members of a North African un
derground movement, fighting for liberation from a colonial
power. The play will be presented today at 3 and 8 p.m. in
!h.' Women's Clubhouse.

Mary Ccichu and Art Fisher, rehearse "En la red" by Alfonso
Sastre. The play, to be performed in Spanish by the Spanish
Theatre Group of Stanford University, "recreates the physical
and moral agonies" of five members of a North African un
derground movement, fighting for liberation from a colonial
power. The play will be presented today at 3 and 8 p.m. in
!h.' Women's Clubhouse.

