# KZSU 90.1 FM
## 
### 
7 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence. President Richard
Lyman answers ques
tions from the campus
media. Andrew Holtz
hosts.
7 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence. President Richard
Lyman answers ques
tions from the campus
media. Andrew Holtz
hosts.
7 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence. President Richard
Lyman answers ques
tions from the campus
media. Andrew Holtz
hosts.
7 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence. President Richard
Lyman answers ques
tions from the campus
media. Andrew Holtz
hosts.
7 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence. President Richard
Lyman answers ques
tions from the campus
media. Andrew Holtz
hosts.
7 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence. President Richard
Lyman answers ques
tions from the campus
media. Andrew Holtz
hosts.
7 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence. President Richard
Lyman answers ques
tions from the campus
media. Andrew Holtz
hosts.
7 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence. President Richard
Lyman answers ques
tions from the campus
media. Andrew Holtz
hosts.
7 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence. President Richard
Lyman answers ques
tions from the campus
media. Andrew Holtz
hosts.
7 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence. President Richard
Lyman answers ques
tions from the campus
media. Andrew Holtz
hosts.
7 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence. President Richard
Lyman answers ques
tions from the campus
media. Andrew Holtz
hosts.
7 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence. President Richard
Lyman answers ques
tions from the campus
media. Andrew Holtz
hosts.
7 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence. President Richard
Lyman answers ques
tions from the campus
media. Andrew Holtz
hosts.
7 p.m. — Campus Confer
ence. President Richard
Lyman answers ques
tions from the campus
media. Andrew Holtz
hosts.
