# SMOKER BARS WOMEN
## 
### 
The "gentler sex" have been barred
from the engineers' smudge, an all
university smoker at the University
of Washington.
The "gentler sex" have been barred
from the engineers' smudge, an all
university smoker at the University
of Washington.
The "gentler sex" have been barred
from the engineers' smudge, an all
university smoker at the University
of Washington.
The "gentler sex" have been barred
from the engineers' smudge, an all
university smoker at the University
of Washington.
The "gentler sex" have been barred
from the engineers' smudge, an all
university smoker at the University
of Washington.
The "gentler sex" have been barred
from the engineers' smudge, an all
university smoker at the University
of Washington.
The "gentler sex" have been barred
from the engineers' smudge, an all
university smoker at the University
of Washington.
The "gentler sex" have been barred
from the engineers' smudge, an all
university smoker at the University
of Washington.
The "gentler sex" have been barred
from the engineers' smudge, an all
university smoker at the University
of Washington.
The "gentler sex" have been barred
from the engineers' smudge, an all
university smoker at the University
of Washington.
The "gentler sex" have been barred
from the engineers' smudge, an all
university smoker at the University
of Washington.
The "gentler sex" have been barred
from the engineers' smudge, an all
university smoker at the University
of Washington.
The "gentler sex" have been barred
from the engineers' smudge, an all
university smoker at the University
of Washington.
The "gentler sex" have been barred
from the engineers' smudge, an all
university smoker at the University
of Washington.
The "gentler sex" have been barred
from the engineers' smudge, an all
university smoker at the University
of Washington.
