# PROFESSOR CLARK TO PRESIDE AT MEETING OF ARTS ASSOCIATION
## 
### 
The Pacific Arts Association will
hold its third annual convention in the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco from March 24 to 26 in
clusive. Professor A. li. Clark of the
School of Education is president of
the association, and has arranged a
three days' program to include noted
teachers and speakers from the largest
coast universities and art schools.
One of the principal objects of the
convention is the revision and im
provement of the present school cur
ricula with especial reference to the
place of art in the school and univer
sity.
Professor Clark has been invited to
organize a group of teachers from the
Association, which will uifite with
similar groups in New York in August
and attend the International Congress
of Art Convention in Prague, Czecho
slovakia. A supervised tour of Europe
for two months will also be held.
The Pacific Arts Association will
hold its third annual convention in the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco from March 24 to 26 in
clusive. Professor A. li. Clark of the
School of Education is president of
the association, and has arranged a
three days' program to include noted
teachers and speakers from the largest
coast universities and art schools.
One of the principal objects of the
convention is the revision and im
provement of the present school cur
ricula with especial reference to the
place of art in the school and univer
sity.
Professor Clark has been invited to
organize a group of teachers from the
Association, which will uifite with
similar groups in New York in August
and attend the International Congress
of Art Convention in Prague, Czecho
slovakia. A supervised tour of Europe
for two months will also be held.
The Pacific Arts Association will
hold its third annual convention in the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco from March 24 to 26 in
clusive. Professor A. li. Clark of the
School of Education is president of
the association, and has arranged a
three days' program to include noted
teachers and speakers from the largest
coast universities and art schools.
One of the principal objects of the
convention is the revision and im
provement of the present school cur
ricula with especial reference to the
place of art in the school and univer
sity.
Professor Clark has been invited to
organize a group of teachers from the
Association, which will uifite with
similar groups in New York in August
and attend the International Congress
of Art Convention in Prague, Czecho
slovakia. A supervised tour of Europe
for two months will also be held.
The Pacific Arts Association will
hold its third annual convention in the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco from March 24 to 26 in
clusive. Professor A. li. Clark of the
School of Education is president of
the association, and has arranged a
three days' program to include noted
teachers and speakers from the largest
coast universities and art schools.
One of the principal objects of the
convention is the revision and im
provement of the present school cur
ricula with especial reference to the
place of art in the school and univer
sity.
Professor Clark has been invited to
organize a group of teachers from the
Association, which will uifite with
similar groups in New York in August
and attend the International Congress
of Art Convention in Prague, Czecho
slovakia. A supervised tour of Europe
for two months will also be held.
The Pacific Arts Association will
hold its third annual convention in the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco from March 24 to 26 in
clusive. Professor A. li. Clark of the
School of Education is president of
the association, and has arranged a
three days' program to include noted
teachers and speakers from the largest
coast universities and art schools.
One of the principal objects of the
convention is the revision and im
provement of the present school cur
ricula with especial reference to the
place of art in the school and univer
sity.
Professor Clark has been invited to
organize a group of teachers from the
Association, which will uifite with
similar groups in New York in August
and attend the International Congress
of Art Convention in Prague, Czecho
slovakia. A supervised tour of Europe
for two months will also be held.
The Pacific Arts Association will
hold its third annual convention in the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco from March 24 to 26 in
clusive. Professor A. li. Clark of the
School of Education is president of
the association, and has arranged a
three days' program to include noted
teachers and speakers from the largest
coast universities and art schools.
One of the principal objects of the
convention is the revision and im
provement of the present school cur
ricula with especial reference to the
place of art in the school and univer
sity.
Professor Clark has been invited to
organize a group of teachers from the
Association, which will uifite with
similar groups in New York in August
and attend the International Congress
of Art Convention in Prague, Czecho
slovakia. A supervised tour of Europe
for two months will also be held.
The Pacific Arts Association will
hold its third annual convention in the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco from March 24 to 26 in
clusive. Professor A. li. Clark of the
School of Education is president of
the association, and has arranged a
three days' program to include noted
teachers and speakers from the largest
coast universities and art schools.
One of the principal objects of the
convention is the revision and im
provement of the present school cur
ricula with especial reference to the
place of art in the school and univer
sity.
Professor Clark has been invited to
organize a group of teachers from the
Association, which will uifite with
similar groups in New York in August
and attend the International Congress
of Art Convention in Prague, Czecho
slovakia. A supervised tour of Europe
for two months will also be held.
The Pacific Arts Association will
hold its third annual convention in the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco from March 24 to 26 in
clusive. Professor A. li. Clark of the
School of Education is president of
the association, and has arranged a
three days' program to include noted
teachers and speakers from the largest
coast universities and art schools.
One of the principal objects of the
convention is the revision and im
provement of the present school cur
ricula with especial reference to the
place of art in the school and univer
sity.
Professor Clark has been invited to
organize a group of teachers from the
Association, which will uifite with
similar groups in New York in August
and attend the International Congress
of Art Convention in Prague, Czecho
slovakia. A supervised tour of Europe
for two months will also be held.
The Pacific Arts Association will
hold its third annual convention in the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco from March 24 to 26 in
clusive. Professor A. li. Clark of the
School of Education is president of
the association, and has arranged a
three days' program to include noted
teachers and speakers from the largest
coast universities and art schools.
One of the principal objects of the
convention is the revision and im
provement of the present school cur
ricula with especial reference to the
place of art in the school and univer
sity.
Professor Clark has been invited to
organize a group of teachers from the
Association, which will uifite with
similar groups in New York in August
and attend the International Congress
of Art Convention in Prague, Czecho
slovakia. A supervised tour of Europe
for two months will also be held.
The Pacific Arts Association will
hold its third annual convention in the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco from March 24 to 26 in
clusive. Professor A. li. Clark of the
School of Education is president of
the association, and has arranged a
three days' program to include noted
teachers and speakers from the largest
coast universities and art schools.
One of the principal objects of the
convention is the revision and im
provement of the present school cur
ricula with especial reference to the
place of art in the school and univer
sity.
Professor Clark has been invited to
organize a group of teachers from the
Association, which will uifite with
similar groups in New York in August
and attend the International Congress
of Art Convention in Prague, Czecho
slovakia. A supervised tour of Europe
for two months will also be held.
The Pacific Arts Association will
hold its third annual convention in the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco from March 24 to 26 in
clusive. Professor A. li. Clark of the
School of Education is president of
the association, and has arranged a
three days' program to include noted
teachers and speakers from the largest
coast universities and art schools.
One of the principal objects of the
convention is the revision and im
provement of the present school cur
ricula with especial reference to the
place of art in the school and univer
sity.
Professor Clark has been invited to
organize a group of teachers from the
Association, which will uifite with
similar groups in New York in August
and attend the International Congress
of Art Convention in Prague, Czecho
slovakia. A supervised tour of Europe
for two months will also be held.
The Pacific Arts Association will
hold its third annual convention in the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco from March 24 to 26 in
clusive. Professor A. li. Clark of the
School of Education is president of
the association, and has arranged a
three days' program to include noted
teachers and speakers from the largest
coast universities and art schools.
One of the principal objects of the
convention is the revision and im
provement of the present school cur
ricula with especial reference to the
place of art in the school and univer
sity.
Professor Clark has been invited to
organize a group of teachers from the
Association, which will uifite with
similar groups in New York in August
and attend the International Congress
of Art Convention in Prague, Czecho
slovakia. A supervised tour of Europe
for two months will also be held.
The Pacific Arts Association will
hold its third annual convention in the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco from March 24 to 26 in
clusive. Professor A. li. Clark of the
School of Education is president of
the association, and has arranged a
three days' program to include noted
teachers and speakers from the largest
coast universities and art schools.
One of the principal objects of the
convention is the revision and im
provement of the present school cur
ricula with especial reference to the
place of art in the school and univer
sity.
Professor Clark has been invited to
organize a group of teachers from the
Association, which will uifite with
similar groups in New York in August
and attend the International Congress
of Art Convention in Prague, Czecho
slovakia. A supervised tour of Europe
for two months will also be held.
The Pacific Arts Association will
hold its third annual convention in the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco from March 24 to 26 in
clusive. Professor A. li. Clark of the
School of Education is president of
the association, and has arranged a
three days' program to include noted
teachers and speakers from the largest
coast universities and art schools.
One of the principal objects of the
convention is the revision and im
provement of the present school cur
ricula with especial reference to the
place of art in the school and univer
sity.
Professor Clark has been invited to
organize a group of teachers from the
Association, which will uifite with
similar groups in New York in August
and attend the International Congress
of Art Convention in Prague, Czecho
slovakia. A supervised tour of Europe
for two months will also be held.
The Pacific Arts Association will
hold its third annual convention in the
Palace of the Legion of Honor in San
Francisco from March 24 to 26 in
clusive. Professor A. li. Clark of the
School of Education is president of
the association, and has arranged a
three days' program to include noted
teachers and speakers from the largest
coast universities and art schools.
One of the principal objects of the
convention is the revision and im
provement of the present school cur
ricula with especial reference to the
place of art in the school and univer
sity.
Professor Clark has been invited to
organize a group of teachers from the
Association, which will uifite with
similar groups in New York in August
and attend the International Congress
of Art Convention in Prague, Czecho
slovakia. A supervised tour of Europe
for two months will also be held.
