# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
For after-theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
For after-theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
For after-theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
For after-theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
For after-theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
For after-theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
For after-theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
For after-theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
For after-theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
For after-theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
For after-theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
For after-theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
For after-theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
For after-theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
For after-theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
For after-theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
For after-theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
