# Napa Cabin Opens
## 
### 
Beginning Sunday individual
students will bo able to use the
Stanford cabin at Napa from Fri
day at 5 p.m. lo Sunday afternoon
every weekend.
Those who want food provided
should sign up at the"I" Center.
Others may bring thier own food
and sleeping bags without sign
ing up.
The cabin and environs offer
hiking through the redwoods, a
swimming hole, a view, a fire
place and food. A faculty couple
will be hosts each weekend. Maps
are available at the"I" Center.
Cost is .$1 for a nighl and day,
$2.50 with food provided.
Beginning Sunday individual
students will bo able to use the
Stanford cabin at Napa from Fri
day at 5 p.m. lo Sunday afternoon
every weekend.
Those who want food provided
should sign up at the"I" Center.
Others may bring thier own food
and sleeping bags without sign
ing up.
The cabin and environs offer
hiking through the redwoods, a
swimming hole, a view, a fire
place and food. A faculty couple
will be hosts each weekend. Maps
are available at the"I" Center.
Cost is .$1 for a nighl and day,
$2.50 with food provided.
Beginning Sunday individual
students will bo able to use the
Stanford cabin at Napa from Fri
day at 5 p.m. lo Sunday afternoon
every weekend.
Those who want food provided
should sign up at the"I" Center.
Others may bring thier own food
and sleeping bags without sign
ing up.
The cabin and environs offer
hiking through the redwoods, a
swimming hole, a view, a fire
place and food. A faculty couple
will be hosts each weekend. Maps
are available at the"I" Center.
Cost is .$1 for a nighl and day,
$2.50 with food provided.
Beginning Sunday individual
students will bo able to use the
Stanford cabin at Napa from Fri
day at 5 p.m. lo Sunday afternoon
every weekend.
Those who want food provided
should sign up at the"I" Center.
Others may bring thier own food
and sleeping bags without sign
ing up.
The cabin and environs offer
hiking through the redwoods, a
swimming hole, a view, a fire
place and food. A faculty couple
will be hosts each weekend. Maps
are available at the"I" Center.
Cost is .$1 for a nighl and day,
$2.50 with food provided.
Beginning Sunday individual
students will bo able to use the
Stanford cabin at Napa from Fri
day at 5 p.m. lo Sunday afternoon
every weekend.
Those who want food provided
should sign up at the"I" Center.
Others may bring thier own food
and sleeping bags without sign
ing up.
The cabin and environs offer
hiking through the redwoods, a
swimming hole, a view, a fire
place and food. A faculty couple
will be hosts each weekend. Maps
are available at the"I" Center.
Cost is .$1 for a nighl and day,
$2.50 with food provided.
Beginning Sunday individual
students will bo able to use the
Stanford cabin at Napa from Fri
day at 5 p.m. lo Sunday afternoon
every weekend.
Those who want food provided
should sign up at the"I" Center.
Others may bring thier own food
and sleeping bags without sign
ing up.
The cabin and environs offer
hiking through the redwoods, a
swimming hole, a view, a fire
place and food. A faculty couple
will be hosts each weekend. Maps
are available at the"I" Center.
Cost is .$1 for a nighl and day,
$2.50 with food provided.
Beginning Sunday individual
students will bo able to use the
Stanford cabin at Napa from Fri
day at 5 p.m. lo Sunday afternoon
every weekend.
Those who want food provided
should sign up at the"I" Center.
Others may bring thier own food
and sleeping bags without sign
ing up.
The cabin and environs offer
hiking through the redwoods, a
swimming hole, a view, a fire
place and food. A faculty couple
will be hosts each weekend. Maps
are available at the"I" Center.
Cost is .$1 for a nighl and day,
$2.50 with food provided.
Beginning Sunday individual
students will bo able to use the
Stanford cabin at Napa from Fri
day at 5 p.m. lo Sunday afternoon
every weekend.
Those who want food provided
should sign up at the"I" Center.
Others may bring thier own food
and sleeping bags without sign
ing up.
The cabin and environs offer
hiking through the redwoods, a
swimming hole, a view, a fire
place and food. A faculty couple
will be hosts each weekend. Maps
are available at the"I" Center.
Cost is .$1 for a nighl and day,
$2.50 with food provided.
Beginning Sunday individual
students will bo able to use the
Stanford cabin at Napa from Fri
day at 5 p.m. lo Sunday afternoon
every weekend.
Those who want food provided
should sign up at the"I" Center.
Others may bring thier own food
and sleeping bags without sign
ing up.
The cabin and environs offer
hiking through the redwoods, a
swimming hole, a view, a fire
place and food. A faculty couple
will be hosts each weekend. Maps
are available at the"I" Center.
Cost is .$1 for a nighl and day,
$2.50 with food provided.
Beginning Sunday individual
students will bo able to use the
Stanford cabin at Napa from Fri
day at 5 p.m. lo Sunday afternoon
every weekend.
Those who want food provided
should sign up at the"I" Center.
Others may bring thier own food
and sleeping bags without sign
ing up.
The cabin and environs offer
hiking through the redwoods, a
swimming hole, a view, a fire
place and food. A faculty couple
will be hosts each weekend. Maps
are available at the"I" Center.
Cost is .$1 for a nighl and day,
$2.50 with food provided.
Beginning Sunday individual
students will bo able to use the
Stanford cabin at Napa from Fri
day at 5 p.m. lo Sunday afternoon
every weekend.
Those who want food provided
should sign up at the"I" Center.
Others may bring thier own food
and sleeping bags without sign
ing up.
The cabin and environs offer
hiking through the redwoods, a
swimming hole, a view, a fire
place and food. A faculty couple
will be hosts each weekend. Maps
are available at the"I" Center.
Cost is .$1 for a nighl and day,
$2.50 with food provided.
Beginning Sunday individual
students will bo able to use the
Stanford cabin at Napa from Fri
day at 5 p.m. lo Sunday afternoon
every weekend.
Those who want food provided
should sign up at the"I" Center.
Others may bring thier own food
and sleeping bags without sign
ing up.
The cabin and environs offer
hiking through the redwoods, a
swimming hole, a view, a fire
place and food. A faculty couple
will be hosts each weekend. Maps
are available at the"I" Center.
Cost is .$1 for a nighl and day,
$2.50 with food provided.
Beginning Sunday individual
students will bo able to use the
Stanford cabin at Napa from Fri
day at 5 p.m. lo Sunday afternoon
every weekend.
Those who want food provided
should sign up at the"I" Center.
Others may bring thier own food
and sleeping bags without sign
ing up.
The cabin and environs offer
hiking through the redwoods, a
swimming hole, a view, a fire
place and food. A faculty couple
will be hosts each weekend. Maps
are available at the"I" Center.
Cost is .$1 for a nighl and day,
$2.50 with food provided.
Beginning Sunday individual
students will bo able to use the
Stanford cabin at Napa from Fri
day at 5 p.m. lo Sunday afternoon
every weekend.
Those who want food provided
should sign up at the"I" Center.
Others may bring thier own food
and sleeping bags without sign
ing up.
The cabin and environs offer
hiking through the redwoods, a
swimming hole, a view, a fire
place and food. A faculty couple
will be hosts each weekend. Maps
are available at the"I" Center.
Cost is .$1 for a nighl and day,
$2.50 with food provided.
Beginning Sunday individual
students will bo able to use the
Stanford cabin at Napa from Fri
day at 5 p.m. lo Sunday afternoon
every weekend.
Those who want food provided
should sign up at the"I" Center.
Others may bring thier own food
and sleeping bags without sign
ing up.
The cabin and environs offer
hiking through the redwoods, a
swimming hole, a view, a fire
place and food. A faculty couple
will be hosts each weekend. Maps
are available at the"I" Center.
Cost is .$1 for a nighl and day,
$2.50 with food provided.
Beginning Sunday individual
students will bo able to use the
Stanford cabin at Napa from Fri
day at 5 p.m. lo Sunday afternoon
every weekend.
Those who want food provided
should sign up at the"I" Center.
Others may bring thier own food
and sleeping bags without sign
ing up.
The cabin and environs offer
hiking through the redwoods, a
swimming hole, a view, a fire
place and food. A faculty couple
will be hosts each weekend. Maps
are available at the"I" Center.
Cost is .$1 for a nighl and day,
$2.50 with food provided.
Beginning Sunday individual
students will bo able to use the
Stanford cabin at Napa from Fri
day at 5 p.m. lo Sunday afternoon
every weekend.
Those who want food provided
should sign up at the"I" Center.
Others may bring thier own food
and sleeping bags without sign
ing up.
The cabin and environs offer
hiking through the redwoods, a
swimming hole, a view, a fire
place and food. A faculty couple
will be hosts each weekend. Maps
are available at the"I" Center.
Cost is .$1 for a nighl and day,
$2.50 with food provided.
