# FARM GRADUATION TV'D
## 
### 
Television pictures of the Stan
ford Commencemnt will be shown
tonight at 8:25 over Station KPIX.
The pictures are the first telt
vision shots to be released of cam
pus events and were taken by Stan
Bruns Tele-Films in Frost Amphi
theater.
Television pictures of the Stan
ford Commencemnt will be shown
tonight at 8:25 over Station KPIX.
The pictures are the first telt
vision shots to be released of cam
pus events and were taken by Stan
Bruns Tele-Films in Frost Amphi
theater.
Television pictures of the Stan
ford Commencemnt will be shown
tonight at 8:25 over Station KPIX.
The pictures are the first telt
vision shots to be released of cam
pus events and were taken by Stan
Bruns Tele-Films in Frost Amphi
theater.
Television pictures of the Stan
ford Commencemnt will be shown
tonight at 8:25 over Station KPIX.
The pictures are the first telt
vision shots to be released of cam
pus events and were taken by Stan
Bruns Tele-Films in Frost Amphi
theater.
Television pictures of the Stan
ford Commencemnt will be shown
tonight at 8:25 over Station KPIX.
The pictures are the first telt
vision shots to be released of cam
pus events and were taken by Stan
Bruns Tele-Films in Frost Amphi
theater.
Television pictures of the Stan
ford Commencemnt will be shown
tonight at 8:25 over Station KPIX.
The pictures are the first telt
vision shots to be released of cam
pus events and were taken by Stan
Bruns Tele-Films in Frost Amphi
theater.
Television pictures of the Stan
ford Commencemnt will be shown
tonight at 8:25 over Station KPIX.
The pictures are the first telt
vision shots to be released of cam
pus events and were taken by Stan
Bruns Tele-Films in Frost Amphi
theater.
Television pictures of the Stan
ford Commencemnt will be shown
tonight at 8:25 over Station KPIX.
The pictures are the first telt
vision shots to be released of cam
pus events and were taken by Stan
Bruns Tele-Films in Frost Amphi
theater.
Television pictures of the Stan
ford Commencemnt will be shown
tonight at 8:25 over Station KPIX.
The pictures are the first telt
vision shots to be released of cam
pus events and were taken by Stan
Bruns Tele-Films in Frost Amphi
theater.
Television pictures of the Stan
ford Commencemnt will be shown
tonight at 8:25 over Station KPIX.
The pictures are the first telt
vision shots to be released of cam
pus events and were taken by Stan
Bruns Tele-Films in Frost Amphi
theater.
Television pictures of the Stan
ford Commencemnt will be shown
tonight at 8:25 over Station KPIX.
The pictures are the first telt
vision shots to be released of cam
pus events and were taken by Stan
Bruns Tele-Films in Frost Amphi
theater.
Television pictures of the Stan
ford Commencemnt will be shown
tonight at 8:25 over Station KPIX.
The pictures are the first telt
vision shots to be released of cam
pus events and were taken by Stan
Bruns Tele-Films in Frost Amphi
theater.
Television pictures of the Stan
ford Commencemnt will be shown
tonight at 8:25 over Station KPIX.
The pictures are the first telt
vision shots to be released of cam
pus events and were taken by Stan
Bruns Tele-Films in Frost Amphi
theater.
Television pictures of the Stan
ford Commencemnt will be shown
tonight at 8:25 over Station KPIX.
The pictures are the first telt
vision shots to be released of cam
pus events and were taken by Stan
Bruns Tele-Films in Frost Amphi
theater.
