# Ryan Lab Director To Analyze Data
## 
### 
Dr. Joseph S. Carroll, director of
the Ryan Laboratory at Stanford,
will spend the summer in the East
as an expert consultant on a high
voltage transmission research proj
ect.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering announced
yesterday that Dr. Carroll will
spend the next three months assist
ing in the analysis of experimental
data aceumlated through tests car
ried on in Ohio during the past
three years.
Dr. Joseph S. Carroll, director of
the Ryan Laboratory at Stanford,
will spend the summer in the East
as an expert consultant on a high
voltage transmission research proj
ect.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering announced
yesterday that Dr. Carroll will
spend the next three months assist
ing in the analysis of experimental
data aceumlated through tests car
ried on in Ohio during the past
three years.
Dr. Joseph S. Carroll, director of
the Ryan Laboratory at Stanford,
will spend the summer in the East
as an expert consultant on a high
voltage transmission research proj
ect.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering announced
yesterday that Dr. Carroll will
spend the next three months assist
ing in the analysis of experimental
data aceumlated through tests car
ried on in Ohio during the past
three years.
Dr. Joseph S. Carroll, director of
the Ryan Laboratory at Stanford,
will spend the summer in the East
as an expert consultant on a high
voltage transmission research proj
ect.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering announced
yesterday that Dr. Carroll will
spend the next three months assist
ing in the analysis of experimental
data aceumlated through tests car
ried on in Ohio during the past
three years.
Dr. Joseph S. Carroll, director of
the Ryan Laboratory at Stanford,
will spend the summer in the East
as an expert consultant on a high
voltage transmission research proj
ect.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering announced
yesterday that Dr. Carroll will
spend the next three months assist
ing in the analysis of experimental
data aceumlated through tests car
ried on in Ohio during the past
three years.
Dr. Joseph S. Carroll, director of
the Ryan Laboratory at Stanford,
will spend the summer in the East
as an expert consultant on a high
voltage transmission research proj
ect.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering announced
yesterday that Dr. Carroll will
spend the next three months assist
ing in the analysis of experimental
data aceumlated through tests car
ried on in Ohio during the past
three years.
Dr. Joseph S. Carroll, director of
the Ryan Laboratory at Stanford,
will spend the summer in the East
as an expert consultant on a high
voltage transmission research proj
ect.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering announced
yesterday that Dr. Carroll will
spend the next three months assist
ing in the analysis of experimental
data aceumlated through tests car
ried on in Ohio during the past
three years.
Dr. Joseph S. Carroll, director of
the Ryan Laboratory at Stanford,
will spend the summer in the East
as an expert consultant on a high
voltage transmission research proj
ect.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering announced
yesterday that Dr. Carroll will
spend the next three months assist
ing in the analysis of experimental
data aceumlated through tests car
ried on in Ohio during the past
three years.
Dr. Joseph S. Carroll, director of
the Ryan Laboratory at Stanford,
will spend the summer in the East
as an expert consultant on a high
voltage transmission research proj
ect.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering announced
yesterday that Dr. Carroll will
spend the next three months assist
ing in the analysis of experimental
data aceumlated through tests car
ried on in Ohio during the past
three years.
Dr. Joseph S. Carroll, director of
the Ryan Laboratory at Stanford,
will spend the summer in the East
as an expert consultant on a high
voltage transmission research proj
ect.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering announced
yesterday that Dr. Carroll will
spend the next three months assist
ing in the analysis of experimental
data aceumlated through tests car
ried on in Ohio during the past
three years.
Dr. Joseph S. Carroll, director of
the Ryan Laboratory at Stanford,
will spend the summer in the East
as an expert consultant on a high
voltage transmission research proj
ect.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering announced
yesterday that Dr. Carroll will
spend the next three months assist
ing in the analysis of experimental
data aceumlated through tests car
ried on in Ohio during the past
three years.
Dr. Joseph S. Carroll, director of
the Ryan Laboratory at Stanford,
will spend the summer in the East
as an expert consultant on a high
voltage transmission research proj
ect.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering announced
yesterday that Dr. Carroll will
spend the next three months assist
ing in the analysis of experimental
data aceumlated through tests car
ried on in Ohio during the past
three years.
Dr. Joseph S. Carroll, director of
the Ryan Laboratory at Stanford,
will spend the summer in the East
as an expert consultant on a high
voltage transmission research proj
ect.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering announced
yesterday that Dr. Carroll will
spend the next three months assist
ing in the analysis of experimental
data aceumlated through tests car
ried on in Ohio during the past
three years.
Dr. Joseph S. Carroll, director of
the Ryan Laboratory at Stanford,
will spend the summer in the East
as an expert consultant on a high
voltage transmission research proj
ect.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering announced
yesterday that Dr. Carroll will
spend the next three months assist
ing in the analysis of experimental
data aceumlated through tests car
ried on in Ohio during the past
three years.
