# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Dr. Jordan contributed a paper
on "University Tendencies" to the
Popular Science Monthly for June,
and"The Voice of the Scholar" to
the July Atlantic.
—Dr. Jordan contributed a paper
on "University Tendencies" to the
Popular Science Monthly for June,
and"The Voice of the Scholar" to
the July Atlantic.
—Dr. Jordan contributed a paper
on "University Tendencies" to the
Popular Science Monthly for June,
and"The Voice of the Scholar" to
the July Atlantic.
—Dr. Jordan contributed a paper
on "University Tendencies" to the
Popular Science Monthly for June,
and"The Voice of the Scholar" to
the July Atlantic.
—Dr. Jordan contributed a paper
on "University Tendencies" to the
Popular Science Monthly for June,
and"The Voice of the Scholar" to
the July Atlantic.
—Dr. Jordan contributed a paper
on "University Tendencies" to the
Popular Science Monthly for June,
and"The Voice of the Scholar" to
the July Atlantic.
—Dr. Jordan contributed a paper
on "University Tendencies" to the
Popular Science Monthly for June,
and"The Voice of the Scholar" to
the July Atlantic.
