# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
A million-dollar hotel, half fin
ished in 1926, has been the target
of weather since. It stands on top
cf a mountain five miles from Hen
dersonville, N.C.
A million-dollar hotel, half fin
ished in 1926, has been the target
of weather since. It stands on top
cf a mountain five miles from Hen
dersonville, N.C.
A million-dollar hotel, half fin
ished in 1926, has been the target
of weather since. It stands on top
cf a mountain five miles from Hen
dersonville, N.C.
A million-dollar hotel, half fin
ished in 1926, has been the target
of weather since. It stands on top
cf a mountain five miles from Hen
dersonville, N.C.
A million-dollar hotel, half fin
ished in 1926, has been the target
of weather since. It stands on top
cf a mountain five miles from Hen
dersonville, N.C.
A million-dollar hotel, half fin
ished in 1926, has been the target
of weather since. It stands on top
cf a mountain five miles from Hen
dersonville, N.C.
A million-dollar hotel, half fin
ished in 1926, has been the target
of weather since. It stands on top
cf a mountain five miles from Hen
dersonville, N.C.
A million-dollar hotel, half fin
ished in 1926, has been the target
of weather since. It stands on top
cf a mountain five miles from Hen
dersonville, N.C.
A million-dollar hotel, half fin
ished in 1926, has been the target
of weather since. It stands on top
cf a mountain five miles from Hen
dersonville, N.C.
A million-dollar hotel, half fin
ished in 1926, has been the target
of weather since. It stands on top
cf a mountain five miles from Hen
dersonville, N.C.
A million-dollar hotel, half fin
ished in 1926, has been the target
of weather since. It stands on top
cf a mountain five miles from Hen
dersonville, N.C.
A million-dollar hotel, half fin
ished in 1926, has been the target
of weather since. It stands on top
cf a mountain five miles from Hen
dersonville, N.C.
A million-dollar hotel, half fin
ished in 1926, has been the target
of weather since. It stands on top
cf a mountain five miles from Hen
dersonville, N.C.
A million-dollar hotel, half fin
ished in 1926, has been the target
of weather since. It stands on top
cf a mountain five miles from Hen
dersonville, N.C.
A million-dollar hotel, half fin
ished in 1926, has been the target
of weather since. It stands on top
cf a mountain five miles from Hen
dersonville, N.C.
A million-dollar hotel, half fin
ished in 1926, has been the target
of weather since. It stands on top
cf a mountain five miles from Hen
dersonville, N.C.
