# LUNCH ROOM
## 
### 
All students bringing their lunch
es will be welcome to eat in the
lobby of the Y.M.C.A. in the Union,
it was announced yesterday by the
Stanford Mothers' Club. Tables,
chairs, and paper napkins will be
supplied free of charge during the
noon hour, and hot coffee will be
served at five cents a cup. Milk at
Seven cents will also be available.
All students bringing their lunch
es will be welcome to eat in the
lobby of the Y.M.C.A. in the Union,
it was announced yesterday by the
Stanford Mothers' Club. Tables,
chairs, and paper napkins will be
supplied free of charge during the
noon hour, and hot coffee will be
served at five cents a cup. Milk at
Seven cents will also be available.
All students bringing their lunch
es will be welcome to eat in the
lobby of the Y.M.C.A. in the Union,
it was announced yesterday by the
Stanford Mothers' Club. Tables,
chairs, and paper napkins will be
supplied free of charge during the
noon hour, and hot coffee will be
served at five cents a cup. Milk at
Seven cents will also be available.
All students bringing their lunch
es will be welcome to eat in the
lobby of the Y.M.C.A. in the Union,
it was announced yesterday by the
Stanford Mothers' Club. Tables,
chairs, and paper napkins will be
supplied free of charge during the
noon hour, and hot coffee will be
served at five cents a cup. Milk at
Seven cents will also be available.
All students bringing their lunch
es will be welcome to eat in the
lobby of the Y.M.C.A. in the Union,
it was announced yesterday by the
Stanford Mothers' Club. Tables,
chairs, and paper napkins will be
supplied free of charge during the
noon hour, and hot coffee will be
served at five cents a cup. Milk at
Seven cents will also be available.
All students bringing their lunch
es will be welcome to eat in the
lobby of the Y.M.C.A. in the Union,
it was announced yesterday by the
Stanford Mothers' Club. Tables,
chairs, and paper napkins will be
supplied free of charge during the
noon hour, and hot coffee will be
served at five cents a cup. Milk at
Seven cents will also be available.
All students bringing their lunch
es will be welcome to eat in the
lobby of the Y.M.C.A. in the Union,
it was announced yesterday by the
Stanford Mothers' Club. Tables,
chairs, and paper napkins will be
supplied free of charge during the
noon hour, and hot coffee will be
served at five cents a cup. Milk at
Seven cents will also be available.
All students bringing their lunch
es will be welcome to eat in the
lobby of the Y.M.C.A. in the Union,
it was announced yesterday by the
Stanford Mothers' Club. Tables,
chairs, and paper napkins will be
supplied free of charge during the
noon hour, and hot coffee will be
served at five cents a cup. Milk at
Seven cents will also be available.
All students bringing their lunch
es will be welcome to eat in the
lobby of the Y.M.C.A. in the Union,
it was announced yesterday by the
Stanford Mothers' Club. Tables,
chairs, and paper napkins will be
supplied free of charge during the
noon hour, and hot coffee will be
served at five cents a cup. Milk at
Seven cents will also be available.
All students bringing their lunch
es will be welcome to eat in the
lobby of the Y.M.C.A. in the Union,
it was announced yesterday by the
Stanford Mothers' Club. Tables,
chairs, and paper napkins will be
supplied free of charge during the
noon hour, and hot coffee will be
served at five cents a cup. Milk at
Seven cents will also be available.
All students bringing their lunch
es will be welcome to eat in the
lobby of the Y.M.C.A. in the Union,
it was announced yesterday by the
Stanford Mothers' Club. Tables,
chairs, and paper napkins will be
supplied free of charge during the
noon hour, and hot coffee will be
served at five cents a cup. Milk at
Seven cents will also be available.
All students bringing their lunch
es will be welcome to eat in the
lobby of the Y.M.C.A. in the Union,
it was announced yesterday by the
Stanford Mothers' Club. Tables,
chairs, and paper napkins will be
supplied free of charge during the
noon hour, and hot coffee will be
served at five cents a cup. Milk at
Seven cents will also be available.
All students bringing their lunch
es will be welcome to eat in the
lobby of the Y.M.C.A. in the Union,
it was announced yesterday by the
Stanford Mothers' Club. Tables,
chairs, and paper napkins will be
supplied free of charge during the
noon hour, and hot coffee will be
served at five cents a cup. Milk at
Seven cents will also be available.
All students bringing their lunch
es will be welcome to eat in the
lobby of the Y.M.C.A. in the Union,
it was announced yesterday by the
Stanford Mothers' Club. Tables,
chairs, and paper napkins will be
supplied free of charge during the
noon hour, and hot coffee will be
served at five cents a cup. Milk at
Seven cents will also be available.
All students bringing their lunch
es will be welcome to eat in the
lobby of the Y.M.C.A. in the Union,
it was announced yesterday by the
Stanford Mothers' Club. Tables,
chairs, and paper napkins will be
supplied free of charge during the
noon hour, and hot coffee will be
served at five cents a cup. Milk at
Seven cents will also be available.
All students bringing their lunch
es will be welcome to eat in the
lobby of the Y.M.C.A. in the Union,
it was announced yesterday by the
Stanford Mothers' Club. Tables,
chairs, and paper napkins will be
supplied free of charge during the
noon hour, and hot coffee will be
served at five cents a cup. Milk at
Seven cents will also be available.
