# ALPHA O PLEDGE
## 
### 
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Harriet Pillsbury, '33.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Harriet Pillsbury, '33.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Harriet Pillsbury, '33.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Harriet Pillsbury, '33.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Harriet Pillsbury, '33.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Harriet Pillsbury, '33.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Harriet Pillsbury, '33.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Harriet Pillsbury, '33.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Harriet Pillsbury, '33.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Harriet Pillsbury, '33.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Harriet Pillsbury, '33.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Harriet Pillsbury, '33.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Harriet Pillsbury, '33.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Harriet Pillsbury, '33.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Harriet Pillsbury, '33.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Harriet Pillsbury, '33.
