# THETA DELT PLEDGE
## 
### 
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of ClifT Edmonston, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of ClifT Edmonston, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of ClifT Edmonston, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of ClifT Edmonston, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of ClifT Edmonston, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of ClifT Edmonston, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of ClifT Edmonston, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of ClifT Edmonston, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of ClifT Edmonston, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of ClifT Edmonston, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of ClifT Edmonston, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of ClifT Edmonston, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of ClifT Edmonston, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of ClifT Edmonston, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of ClifT Edmonston, '33.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of ClifT Edmonston, '33.
