# AERONAUTICS TALKS SCHEDULED TONIGHT
## 
### 
Under the auspices of the Men's
Vocational Guidance committee, two
lccturcs will be given on aeronau
tics in Room 90 this evening at 7:30
o'clock. The meeting is especially
for freshmen, but everyone inter
ested may attend.
The speakers will be Dr. William
Frederick Durand, professor emeri
tus of mechanical engineering, and
T. Bonnalie, manager of the ground
school of the Boeing School of
Aeronautics.
Under the auspices of the Men's
Vocational Guidance committee, two
lccturcs will be given on aeronau
tics in Room 90 this evening at 7:30
o'clock. The meeting is especially
for freshmen, but everyone inter
ested may attend.
The speakers will be Dr. William
Frederick Durand, professor emeri
tus of mechanical engineering, and
T. Bonnalie, manager of the ground
school of the Boeing School of
Aeronautics.
Under the auspices of the Men's
Vocational Guidance committee, two
lccturcs will be given on aeronau
tics in Room 90 this evening at 7:30
o'clock. The meeting is especially
for freshmen, but everyone inter
ested may attend.
The speakers will be Dr. William
Frederick Durand, professor emeri
tus of mechanical engineering, and
T. Bonnalie, manager of the ground
school of the Boeing School of
Aeronautics.
Under the auspices of the Men's
Vocational Guidance committee, two
lccturcs will be given on aeronau
tics in Room 90 this evening at 7:30
o'clock. The meeting is especially
for freshmen, but everyone inter
ested may attend.
The speakers will be Dr. William
Frederick Durand, professor emeri
tus of mechanical engineering, and
T. Bonnalie, manager of the ground
school of the Boeing School of
Aeronautics.
Under the auspices of the Men's
Vocational Guidance committee, two
lccturcs will be given on aeronau
tics in Room 90 this evening at 7:30
o'clock. The meeting is especially
for freshmen, but everyone inter
ested may attend.
The speakers will be Dr. William
Frederick Durand, professor emeri
tus of mechanical engineering, and
T. Bonnalie, manager of the ground
school of the Boeing School of
Aeronautics.
Under the auspices of the Men's
Vocational Guidance committee, two
lccturcs will be given on aeronau
tics in Room 90 this evening at 7:30
o'clock. The meeting is especially
for freshmen, but everyone inter
ested may attend.
The speakers will be Dr. William
Frederick Durand, professor emeri
tus of mechanical engineering, and
T. Bonnalie, manager of the ground
school of the Boeing School of
Aeronautics.
Under the auspices of the Men's
Vocational Guidance committee, two
lccturcs will be given on aeronau
tics in Room 90 this evening at 7:30
o'clock. The meeting is especially
for freshmen, but everyone inter
ested may attend.
The speakers will be Dr. William
Frederick Durand, professor emeri
tus of mechanical engineering, and
T. Bonnalie, manager of the ground
school of the Boeing School of
Aeronautics.
Under the auspices of the Men's
Vocational Guidance committee, two
lccturcs will be given on aeronau
tics in Room 90 this evening at 7:30
o'clock. The meeting is especially
for freshmen, but everyone inter
ested may attend.
The speakers will be Dr. William
Frederick Durand, professor emeri
tus of mechanical engineering, and
T. Bonnalie, manager of the ground
school of the Boeing School of
Aeronautics.
Under the auspices of the Men's
Vocational Guidance committee, two
lccturcs will be given on aeronau
tics in Room 90 this evening at 7:30
o'clock. The meeting is especially
for freshmen, but everyone inter
ested may attend.
The speakers will be Dr. William
Frederick Durand, professor emeri
tus of mechanical engineering, and
T. Bonnalie, manager of the ground
school of the Boeing School of
Aeronautics.
Under the auspices of the Men's
Vocational Guidance committee, two
lccturcs will be given on aeronau
tics in Room 90 this evening at 7:30
o'clock. The meeting is especially
for freshmen, but everyone inter
ested may attend.
The speakers will be Dr. William
Frederick Durand, professor emeri
tus of mechanical engineering, and
T. Bonnalie, manager of the ground
school of the Boeing School of
Aeronautics.
Under the auspices of the Men's
Vocational Guidance committee, two
lccturcs will be given on aeronau
tics in Room 90 this evening at 7:30
o'clock. The meeting is especially
for freshmen, but everyone inter
ested may attend.
The speakers will be Dr. William
Frederick Durand, professor emeri
tus of mechanical engineering, and
T. Bonnalie, manager of the ground
school of the Boeing School of
Aeronautics.
Under the auspices of the Men's
Vocational Guidance committee, two
lccturcs will be given on aeronau
tics in Room 90 this evening at 7:30
o'clock. The meeting is especially
for freshmen, but everyone inter
ested may attend.
The speakers will be Dr. William
Frederick Durand, professor emeri
tus of mechanical engineering, and
T. Bonnalie, manager of the ground
school of the Boeing School of
Aeronautics.
Under the auspices of the Men's
Vocational Guidance committee, two
lccturcs will be given on aeronau
tics in Room 90 this evening at 7:30
o'clock. The meeting is especially
for freshmen, but everyone inter
ested may attend.
The speakers will be Dr. William
Frederick Durand, professor emeri
tus of mechanical engineering, and
T. Bonnalie, manager of the ground
school of the Boeing School of
Aeronautics.
Under the auspices of the Men's
Vocational Guidance committee, two
lccturcs will be given on aeronau
tics in Room 90 this evening at 7:30
o'clock. The meeting is especially
for freshmen, but everyone inter
ested may attend.
The speakers will be Dr. William
Frederick Durand, professor emeri
tus of mechanical engineering, and
T. Bonnalie, manager of the ground
school of the Boeing School of
Aeronautics.
Under the auspices of the Men's
Vocational Guidance committee, two
lccturcs will be given on aeronau
tics in Room 90 this evening at 7:30
o'clock. The meeting is especially
for freshmen, but everyone inter
ested may attend.
The speakers will be Dr. William
Frederick Durand, professor emeri
tus of mechanical engineering, and
T. Bonnalie, manager of the ground
school of the Boeing School of
Aeronautics.
Under the auspices of the Men's
Vocational Guidance committee, two
lccturcs will be given on aeronau
tics in Room 90 this evening at 7:30
o'clock. The meeting is especially
for freshmen, but everyone inter
ested may attend.
The speakers will be Dr. William
Frederick Durand, professor emeri
tus of mechanical engineering, and
T. Bonnalie, manager of the ground
school of the Boeing School of
Aeronautics.
