# QUAD NOTICE
## 
### 
Treasurers of student organiza
tions whose finances are controlled
by the Organization Fund of the
A.S.S.U. are requested to turn in
their authorization slips for their
organization pages in the 1932 Quad
to the Quad office in the Press
Building at once.
Treasurers of student organiza
tions whose finances are controlled
by the Organization Fund of the
A.S.S.U. are requested to turn in
their authorization slips for their
organization pages in the 1932 Quad
to the Quad office in the Press
Building at once.
Treasurers of student organiza
tions whose finances are controlled
by the Organization Fund of the
A.S.S.U. are requested to turn in
their authorization slips for their
organization pages in the 1932 Quad
to the Quad office in the Press
Building at once.
Treasurers of student organiza
tions whose finances are controlled
by the Organization Fund of the
A.S.S.U. are requested to turn in
their authorization slips for their
organization pages in the 1932 Quad
to the Quad office in the Press
Building at once.
Treasurers of student organiza
tions whose finances are controlled
by the Organization Fund of the
A.S.S.U. are requested to turn in
their authorization slips for their
organization pages in the 1932 Quad
to the Quad office in the Press
Building at once.
Treasurers of student organiza
tions whose finances are controlled
by the Organization Fund of the
A.S.S.U. are requested to turn in
their authorization slips for their
organization pages in the 1932 Quad
to the Quad office in the Press
Building at once.
Treasurers of student organiza
tions whose finances are controlled
by the Organization Fund of the
A.S.S.U. are requested to turn in
their authorization slips for their
organization pages in the 1932 Quad
to the Quad office in the Press
Building at once.
Treasurers of student organiza
tions whose finances are controlled
by the Organization Fund of the
A.S.S.U. are requested to turn in
their authorization slips for their
organization pages in the 1932 Quad
to the Quad office in the Press
Building at once.
Treasurers of student organiza
tions whose finances are controlled
by the Organization Fund of the
A.S.S.U. are requested to turn in
their authorization slips for their
organization pages in the 1932 Quad
to the Quad office in the Press
Building at once.
Treasurers of student organiza
tions whose finances are controlled
by the Organization Fund of the
A.S.S.U. are requested to turn in
their authorization slips for their
organization pages in the 1932 Quad
to the Quad office in the Press
Building at once.
Treasurers of student organiza
tions whose finances are controlled
by the Organization Fund of the
A.S.S.U. are requested to turn in
their authorization slips for their
organization pages in the 1932 Quad
to the Quad office in the Press
Building at once.
Treasurers of student organiza
tions whose finances are controlled
by the Organization Fund of the
A.S.S.U. are requested to turn in
their authorization slips for their
organization pages in the 1932 Quad
to the Quad office in the Press
Building at once.
Treasurers of student organiza
tions whose finances are controlled
by the Organization Fund of the
A.S.S.U. are requested to turn in
their authorization slips for their
organization pages in the 1932 Quad
to the Quad office in the Press
Building at once.
Treasurers of student organiza
tions whose finances are controlled
by the Organization Fund of the
A.S.S.U. are requested to turn in
their authorization slips for their
organization pages in the 1932 Quad
to the Quad office in the Press
Building at once.
Treasurers of student organiza
tions whose finances are controlled
by the Organization Fund of the
A.S.S.U. are requested to turn in
their authorization slips for their
organization pages in the 1932 Quad
to the Quad office in the Press
Building at once.
Treasurers of student organiza
tions whose finances are controlled
by the Organization Fund of the
A.S.S.U. are requested to turn in
their authorization slips for their
organization pages in the 1932 Quad
to the Quad office in the Press
Building at once.
