# HOPES TO BOOST HIS RECORD
## 
### 

Sir Malcolm Campbell of England is preparing for an assault on
his own world's straight-away automobile speed record at Daytona
Beach, Fla. Above are Sir Malcolm and his Blue Bird racing car.

Sir Malcolm Campbell of England is preparing for an assault on
his own world's straight-away automobile speed record at Daytona
Beach, Fla. Above are Sir Malcolm and his Blue Bird racing car.

Sir Malcolm Campbell of England is preparing for an assault on
his own world's straight-away automobile speed record at Daytona
Beach, Fla. Above are Sir Malcolm and his Blue Bird racing car.

Sir Malcolm Campbell of England is preparing for an assault on
his own world's straight-away automobile speed record at Daytona
Beach, Fla. Above are Sir Malcolm and his Blue Bird racing car.

Sir Malcolm Campbell of England is preparing for an assault on
his own world's straight-away automobile speed record at Daytona
Beach, Fla. Above are Sir Malcolm and his Blue Bird racing car.

Sir Malcolm Campbell of England is preparing for an assault on
his own world's straight-away automobile speed record at Daytona
Beach, Fla. Above are Sir Malcolm and his Blue Bird racing car.

Sir Malcolm Campbell of England is preparing for an assault on
his own world's straight-away automobile speed record at Daytona
Beach, Fla. Above are Sir Malcolm and his Blue Bird racing car.

Sir Malcolm Campbell of England is preparing for an assault on
his own world's straight-away automobile speed record at Daytona
Beach, Fla. Above are Sir Malcolm and his Blue Bird racing car.

Sir Malcolm Campbell of England is preparing for an assault on
his own world's straight-away automobile speed record at Daytona
Beach, Fla. Above are Sir Malcolm and his Blue Bird racing car.

Sir Malcolm Campbell of England is preparing for an assault on
his own world's straight-away automobile speed record at Daytona
Beach, Fla. Above are Sir Malcolm and his Blue Bird racing car.

Sir Malcolm Campbell of England is preparing for an assault on
his own world's straight-away automobile speed record at Daytona
Beach, Fla. Above are Sir Malcolm and his Blue Bird racing car.

Sir Malcolm Campbell of England is preparing for an assault on
his own world's straight-away automobile speed record at Daytona
Beach, Fla. Above are Sir Malcolm and his Blue Bird racing car.

Sir Malcolm Campbell of England is preparing for an assault on
his own world's straight-away automobile speed record at Daytona
Beach, Fla. Above are Sir Malcolm and his Blue Bird racing car.

Sir Malcolm Campbell of England is preparing for an assault on
his own world's straight-away automobile speed record at Daytona
Beach, Fla. Above are Sir Malcolm and his Blue Bird racing car.

Sir Malcolm Campbell of England is preparing for an assault on
his own world's straight-away automobile speed record at Daytona
Beach, Fla. Above are Sir Malcolm and his Blue Bird racing car.

Sir Malcolm Campbell of England is preparing for an assault on
his own world's straight-away automobile speed record at Daytona
Beach, Fla. Above are Sir Malcolm and his Blue Bird racing car.
