# SOCIAL CHAIRMEN
## 
### 
Social chairmen from all women's
residences and army companies will
hold a meeting at 9 this evening up
stairs in the Women's Clubhouse, ac
cording to Jeannette Grimsley, social
coordinator.
Social chairmen from all women's
residences and army companies will
hold a meeting at 9 this evening up
stairs in the Women's Clubhouse, ac
cording to Jeannette Grimsley, social
coordinator.
Social chairmen from all women's
residences and army companies will
hold a meeting at 9 this evening up
stairs in the Women's Clubhouse, ac
cording to Jeannette Grimsley, social
coordinator.
Social chairmen from all women's
residences and army companies will
hold a meeting at 9 this evening up
stairs in the Women's Clubhouse, ac
cording to Jeannette Grimsley, social
coordinator.
Social chairmen from all women's
residences and army companies will
hold a meeting at 9 this evening up
stairs in the Women's Clubhouse, ac
cording to Jeannette Grimsley, social
coordinator.
Social chairmen from all women's
residences and army companies will
hold a meeting at 9 this evening up
stairs in the Women's Clubhouse, ac
cording to Jeannette Grimsley, social
coordinator.
Social chairmen from all women's
residences and army companies will
hold a meeting at 9 this evening up
stairs in the Women's Clubhouse, ac
cording to Jeannette Grimsley, social
coordinator.
Social chairmen from all women's
residences and army companies will
hold a meeting at 9 this evening up
stairs in the Women's Clubhouse, ac
cording to Jeannette Grimsley, social
coordinator.
Social chairmen from all women's
residences and army companies will
hold a meeting at 9 this evening up
stairs in the Women's Clubhouse, ac
cording to Jeannette Grimsley, social
coordinator.
Social chairmen from all women's
residences and army companies will
hold a meeting at 9 this evening up
stairs in the Women's Clubhouse, ac
cording to Jeannette Grimsley, social
coordinator.
Social chairmen from all women's
residences and army companies will
hold a meeting at 9 this evening up
stairs in the Women's Clubhouse, ac
cording to Jeannette Grimsley, social
coordinator.
Social chairmen from all women's
residences and army companies will
hold a meeting at 9 this evening up
stairs in the Women's Clubhouse, ac
cording to Jeannette Grimsley, social
coordinator.
Social chairmen from all women's
residences and army companies will
hold a meeting at 9 this evening up
stairs in the Women's Clubhouse, ac
cording to Jeannette Grimsley, social
coordinator.
Social chairmen from all women's
residences and army companies will
hold a meeting at 9 this evening up
stairs in the Women's Clubhouse, ac
cording to Jeannette Grimsley, social
coordinator.
Social chairmen from all women's
residences and army companies will
hold a meeting at 9 this evening up
stairs in the Women's Clubhouse, ac
cording to Jeannette Grimsley, social
coordinator.
