# JOBS TODAY
## 
### 
Work now available for Big
Game day:
Hashing—Before and after the
game.
Selling Dailies — Four needed
before game, 12 after.
Selling Chappies — Six needed
before game.
Waiting tables—Women needed.
Dishwashing—Men and women
needed.
Applicants see Mrs. Irene
Spenner. Administration Build
ing.
Work now available for Big
Game day:
Hashing—Before and after the
game.
Selling Dailies — Four needed
before game, 12 after.
Selling Chappies — Six needed
before game.
Waiting tables—Women needed.
Dishwashing—Men and women
needed.
Applicants see Mrs. Irene
Spenner. Administration Build
ing.
Work now available for Big
Game day:
Hashing—Before and after the
game.
Selling Dailies — Four needed
before game, 12 after.
Selling Chappies — Six needed
before game.
Waiting tables—Women needed.
Dishwashing—Men and women
needed.
Applicants see Mrs. Irene
Spenner. Administration Build
ing.
Work now available for Big
Game day:
Hashing—Before and after the
game.
Selling Dailies — Four needed
before game, 12 after.
Selling Chappies — Six needed
before game.
Waiting tables—Women needed.
Dishwashing—Men and women
needed.
Applicants see Mrs. Irene
Spenner. Administration Build
ing.
Work now available for Big
Game day:
Hashing—Before and after the
game.
Selling Dailies — Four needed
before game, 12 after.
Selling Chappies — Six needed
before game.
Waiting tables—Women needed.
Dishwashing—Men and women
needed.
Applicants see Mrs. Irene
Spenner. Administration Build
ing.
Work now available for Big
Game day:
Hashing—Before and after the
game.
Selling Dailies — Four needed
before game, 12 after.
Selling Chappies — Six needed
before game.
Waiting tables—Women needed.
Dishwashing—Men and women
needed.
Applicants see Mrs. Irene
Spenner. Administration Build
ing.
Work now available for Big
Game day:
Hashing—Before and after the
game.
Selling Dailies — Four needed
before game, 12 after.
Selling Chappies — Six needed
before game.
Waiting tables—Women needed.
Dishwashing—Men and women
needed.
Applicants see Mrs. Irene
Spenner. Administration Build
ing.
Work now available for Big
Game day:
Hashing—Before and after the
game.
Selling Dailies — Four needed
before game, 12 after.
Selling Chappies — Six needed
before game.
Waiting tables—Women needed.
Dishwashing—Men and women
needed.
Applicants see Mrs. Irene
Spenner. Administration Build
ing.
Work now available for Big
Game day:
Hashing—Before and after the
game.
Selling Dailies — Four needed
before game, 12 after.
Selling Chappies — Six needed
before game.
Waiting tables—Women needed.
Dishwashing—Men and women
needed.
Applicants see Mrs. Irene
Spenner. Administration Build
ing.
Work now available for Big
Game day:
Hashing—Before and after the
game.
Selling Dailies — Four needed
before game, 12 after.
Selling Chappies — Six needed
before game.
Waiting tables—Women needed.
Dishwashing—Men and women
needed.
Applicants see Mrs. Irene
Spenner. Administration Build
ing.
Work now available for Big
Game day:
Hashing—Before and after the
game.
Selling Dailies — Four needed
before game, 12 after.
Selling Chappies — Six needed
before game.
Waiting tables—Women needed.
Dishwashing—Men and women
needed.
Applicants see Mrs. Irene
Spenner. Administration Build
ing.
Work now available for Big
Game day:
Hashing—Before and after the
game.
Selling Dailies — Four needed
before game, 12 after.
Selling Chappies — Six needed
before game.
Waiting tables—Women needed.
Dishwashing—Men and women
needed.
Applicants see Mrs. Irene
Spenner. Administration Build
ing.
Work now available for Big
Game day:
Hashing—Before and after the
game.
Selling Dailies — Four needed
before game, 12 after.
Selling Chappies — Six needed
before game.
Waiting tables—Women needed.
Dishwashing—Men and women
needed.
Applicants see Mrs. Irene
Spenner. Administration Build
ing.
Work now available for Big
Game day:
Hashing—Before and after the
game.
Selling Dailies — Four needed
before game, 12 after.
Selling Chappies — Six needed
before game.
Waiting tables—Women needed.
Dishwashing—Men and women
needed.
Applicants see Mrs. Irene
Spenner. Administration Build
ing.
Work now available for Big
Game day:
Hashing—Before and after the
game.
Selling Dailies — Four needed
before game, 12 after.
Selling Chappies — Six needed
before game.
Waiting tables—Women needed.
Dishwashing—Men and women
needed.
Applicants see Mrs. Irene
Spenner. Administration Build
ing.
