# Directs Rail Loans
## 
### 

Frank C. Wright, New England
railroad executive, heads the di.
vision of public works to facilitate
railroad loans. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank C. Wright, New England
railroad executive, heads the di.
vision of public works to facilitate
railroad loans. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank C. Wright, New England
railroad executive, heads the di.
vision of public works to facilitate
railroad loans. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank C. Wright, New England
railroad executive, heads the di.
vision of public works to facilitate
railroad loans. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank C. Wright, New England
railroad executive, heads the di.
vision of public works to facilitate
railroad loans. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank C. Wright, New England
railroad executive, heads the di.
vision of public works to facilitate
railroad loans. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank C. Wright, New England
railroad executive, heads the di.
vision of public works to facilitate
railroad loans. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank C. Wright, New England
railroad executive, heads the di.
vision of public works to facilitate
railroad loans. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank C. Wright, New England
railroad executive, heads the di.
vision of public works to facilitate
railroad loans. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank C. Wright, New England
railroad executive, heads the di.
vision of public works to facilitate
railroad loans. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank C. Wright, New England
railroad executive, heads the di.
vision of public works to facilitate
railroad loans. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank C. Wright, New England
railroad executive, heads the di.
vision of public works to facilitate
railroad loans. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank C. Wright, New England
railroad executive, heads the di.
vision of public works to facilitate
railroad loans. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank C. Wright, New England
railroad executive, heads the di.
vision of public works to facilitate
railroad loans. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank C. Wright, New England
railroad executive, heads the di.
vision of public works to facilitate
railroad loans. (Associated Press
Photo)
