# USHERS REPORT
## 
### 
All students ushering at the
Gaieties Friday night are to report
promptly at 7 o'clock, announced
Head Usher Everett Moses last
night..
All students ushering at the
Gaieties Friday night are to report
promptly at 7 o'clock, announced
Head Usher Everett Moses last
night..
All students ushering at the
Gaieties Friday night are to report
promptly at 7 o'clock, announced
Head Usher Everett Moses last
night..
All students ushering at the
Gaieties Friday night are to report
promptly at 7 o'clock, announced
Head Usher Everett Moses last
night..
All students ushering at the
Gaieties Friday night are to report
promptly at 7 o'clock, announced
Head Usher Everett Moses last
night..
All students ushering at the
Gaieties Friday night are to report
promptly at 7 o'clock, announced
Head Usher Everett Moses last
night..
All students ushering at the
Gaieties Friday night are to report
promptly at 7 o'clock, announced
Head Usher Everett Moses last
night..
All students ushering at the
Gaieties Friday night are to report
promptly at 7 o'clock, announced
Head Usher Everett Moses last
night..
All students ushering at the
Gaieties Friday night are to report
promptly at 7 o'clock, announced
Head Usher Everett Moses last
night..
All students ushering at the
Gaieties Friday night are to report
promptly at 7 o'clock, announced
Head Usher Everett Moses last
night..
All students ushering at the
Gaieties Friday night are to report
promptly at 7 o'clock, announced
Head Usher Everett Moses last
night..
All students ushering at the
Gaieties Friday night are to report
promptly at 7 o'clock, announced
Head Usher Everett Moses last
night..
All students ushering at the
Gaieties Friday night are to report
promptly at 7 o'clock, announced
Head Usher Everett Moses last
night..
All students ushering at the
Gaieties Friday night are to report
promptly at 7 o'clock, announced
Head Usher Everett Moses last
night..
All students ushering at the
Gaieties Friday night are to report
promptly at 7 o'clock, announced
Head Usher Everett Moses last
night..
