# Satisfied Soviet
## 
### 
Roly-poly Maxim Litvinofl sailed
for home yesterday, his mission
done, Russia rccognizcd, lots of
friendship all around. Said he: '"I
am well satisfied."
Fact remains that large bones of
contention are still hanging fire,
Russo-American debts and claims
very much unsettled indeed. Prob
able inference: Soviet was anxious
for U.S. recognition as bulwark
against possible Russo-Jap war, was
willing to let this question ride.
Roly-poly Maxim Litvinofl sailed
for home yesterday, his mission
done, Russia rccognizcd, lots of
friendship all around. Said he: '"I
am well satisfied."
Fact remains that large bones of
contention are still hanging fire,
Russo-American debts and claims
very much unsettled indeed. Prob
able inference: Soviet was anxious
for U.S. recognition as bulwark
against possible Russo-Jap war, was
willing to let this question ride.
Roly-poly Maxim Litvinofl sailed
for home yesterday, his mission
done, Russia rccognizcd, lots of
friendship all around. Said he: '"I
am well satisfied."
Fact remains that large bones of
contention are still hanging fire,
Russo-American debts and claims
very much unsettled indeed. Prob
able inference: Soviet was anxious
for U.S. recognition as bulwark
against possible Russo-Jap war, was
willing to let this question ride.
Roly-poly Maxim Litvinofl sailed
for home yesterday, his mission
done, Russia rccognizcd, lots of
friendship all around. Said he: '"I
am well satisfied."
Fact remains that large bones of
contention are still hanging fire,
Russo-American debts and claims
very much unsettled indeed. Prob
able inference: Soviet was anxious
for U.S. recognition as bulwark
against possible Russo-Jap war, was
willing to let this question ride.
Roly-poly Maxim Litvinofl sailed
for home yesterday, his mission
done, Russia rccognizcd, lots of
friendship all around. Said he: '"I
am well satisfied."
Fact remains that large bones of
contention are still hanging fire,
Russo-American debts and claims
very much unsettled indeed. Prob
able inference: Soviet was anxious
for U.S. recognition as bulwark
against possible Russo-Jap war, was
willing to let this question ride.
Roly-poly Maxim Litvinofl sailed
for home yesterday, his mission
done, Russia rccognizcd, lots of
friendship all around. Said he: '"I
am well satisfied."
Fact remains that large bones of
contention are still hanging fire,
Russo-American debts and claims
very much unsettled indeed. Prob
able inference: Soviet was anxious
for U.S. recognition as bulwark
against possible Russo-Jap war, was
willing to let this question ride.
Roly-poly Maxim Litvinofl sailed
for home yesterday, his mission
done, Russia rccognizcd, lots of
friendship all around. Said he: '"I
am well satisfied."
Fact remains that large bones of
contention are still hanging fire,
Russo-American debts and claims
very much unsettled indeed. Prob
able inference: Soviet was anxious
for U.S. recognition as bulwark
against possible Russo-Jap war, was
willing to let this question ride.
Roly-poly Maxim Litvinofl sailed
for home yesterday, his mission
done, Russia rccognizcd, lots of
friendship all around. Said he: '"I
am well satisfied."
Fact remains that large bones of
contention are still hanging fire,
Russo-American debts and claims
very much unsettled indeed. Prob
able inference: Soviet was anxious
for U.S. recognition as bulwark
against possible Russo-Jap war, was
willing to let this question ride.
Roly-poly Maxim Litvinofl sailed
for home yesterday, his mission
done, Russia rccognizcd, lots of
friendship all around. Said he: '"I
am well satisfied."
Fact remains that large bones of
contention are still hanging fire,
Russo-American debts and claims
very much unsettled indeed. Prob
able inference: Soviet was anxious
for U.S. recognition as bulwark
against possible Russo-Jap war, was
willing to let this question ride.
Roly-poly Maxim Litvinofl sailed
for home yesterday, his mission
done, Russia rccognizcd, lots of
friendship all around. Said he: '"I
am well satisfied."
Fact remains that large bones of
contention are still hanging fire,
Russo-American debts and claims
very much unsettled indeed. Prob
able inference: Soviet was anxious
for U.S. recognition as bulwark
against possible Russo-Jap war, was
willing to let this question ride.
Roly-poly Maxim Litvinofl sailed
for home yesterday, his mission
done, Russia rccognizcd, lots of
friendship all around. Said he: '"I
am well satisfied."
Fact remains that large bones of
contention are still hanging fire,
Russo-American debts and claims
very much unsettled indeed. Prob
able inference: Soviet was anxious
for U.S. recognition as bulwark
against possible Russo-Jap war, was
willing to let this question ride.
Roly-poly Maxim Litvinofl sailed
for home yesterday, his mission
done, Russia rccognizcd, lots of
friendship all around. Said he: '"I
am well satisfied."
Fact remains that large bones of
contention are still hanging fire,
Russo-American debts and claims
very much unsettled indeed. Prob
able inference: Soviet was anxious
for U.S. recognition as bulwark
against possible Russo-Jap war, was
willing to let this question ride.
Roly-poly Maxim Litvinofl sailed
for home yesterday, his mission
done, Russia rccognizcd, lots of
friendship all around. Said he: '"I
am well satisfied."
Fact remains that large bones of
contention are still hanging fire,
Russo-American debts and claims
very much unsettled indeed. Prob
able inference: Soviet was anxious
for U.S. recognition as bulwark
against possible Russo-Jap war, was
willing to let this question ride.
Roly-poly Maxim Litvinofl sailed
for home yesterday, his mission
done, Russia rccognizcd, lots of
friendship all around. Said he: '"I
am well satisfied."
Fact remains that large bones of
contention are still hanging fire,
Russo-American debts and claims
very much unsettled indeed. Prob
able inference: Soviet was anxious
for U.S. recognition as bulwark
against possible Russo-Jap war, was
willing to let this question ride.
Roly-poly Maxim Litvinofl sailed
for home yesterday, his mission
done, Russia rccognizcd, lots of
friendship all around. Said he: '"I
am well satisfied."
Fact remains that large bones of
contention are still hanging fire,
Russo-American debts and claims
very much unsettled indeed. Prob
able inference: Soviet was anxious
for U.S. recognition as bulwark
against possible Russo-Jap war, was
willing to let this question ride.
