# CO-EDS PAY DATES
## 
### 
"Resolved, That co-eds should pay
half the expenses of dates" is the
subject to be debated by San Fran
cisco State Teachers College and
San Mateo Junior College at San
Mateo this week.
In 1921, California's big hillside
"C" was painted red; an extra guard
was promptly stationed around the
newly completed Stanford stadium.
"Resolved, That co-eds should pay
half the expenses of dates" is the
subject to be debated by San Fran
cisco State Teachers College and
San Mateo Junior College at San
Mateo this week.
In 1921, California's big hillside
"C" was painted red; an extra guard
was promptly stationed around the
newly completed Stanford stadium.
"Resolved, That co-eds should pay
half the expenses of dates" is the
subject to be debated by San Fran
cisco State Teachers College and
San Mateo Junior College at San
Mateo this week.
In 1921, California's big hillside
"C" was painted red; an extra guard
was promptly stationed around the
newly completed Stanford stadium.
"Resolved, That co-eds should pay
half the expenses of dates" is the
subject to be debated by San Fran
cisco State Teachers College and
San Mateo Junior College at San
Mateo this week.
In 1921, California's big hillside
"C" was painted red; an extra guard
was promptly stationed around the
newly completed Stanford stadium.
"Resolved, That co-eds should pay
half the expenses of dates" is the
subject to be debated by San Fran
cisco State Teachers College and
San Mateo Junior College at San
Mateo this week.
In 1921, California's big hillside
"C" was painted red; an extra guard
was promptly stationed around the
newly completed Stanford stadium.
"Resolved, That co-eds should pay
half the expenses of dates" is the
subject to be debated by San Fran
cisco State Teachers College and
San Mateo Junior College at San
Mateo this week.
In 1921, California's big hillside
"C" was painted red; an extra guard
was promptly stationed around the
newly completed Stanford stadium.
"Resolved, That co-eds should pay
half the expenses of dates" is the
subject to be debated by San Fran
cisco State Teachers College and
San Mateo Junior College at San
Mateo this week.
In 1921, California's big hillside
"C" was painted red; an extra guard
was promptly stationed around the
newly completed Stanford stadium.
"Resolved, That co-eds should pay
half the expenses of dates" is the
subject to be debated by San Fran
cisco State Teachers College and
San Mateo Junior College at San
Mateo this week.
In 1921, California's big hillside
"C" was painted red; an extra guard
was promptly stationed around the
newly completed Stanford stadium.
"Resolved, That co-eds should pay
half the expenses of dates" is the
subject to be debated by San Fran
cisco State Teachers College and
San Mateo Junior College at San
Mateo this week.
In 1921, California's big hillside
"C" was painted red; an extra guard
was promptly stationed around the
newly completed Stanford stadium.
"Resolved, That co-eds should pay
half the expenses of dates" is the
subject to be debated by San Fran
cisco State Teachers College and
San Mateo Junior College at San
Mateo this week.
In 1921, California's big hillside
"C" was painted red; an extra guard
was promptly stationed around the
newly completed Stanford stadium.
"Resolved, That co-eds should pay
half the expenses of dates" is the
subject to be debated by San Fran
cisco State Teachers College and
San Mateo Junior College at San
Mateo this week.
In 1921, California's big hillside
"C" was painted red; an extra guard
was promptly stationed around the
newly completed Stanford stadium.
"Resolved, That co-eds should pay
half the expenses of dates" is the
subject to be debated by San Fran
cisco State Teachers College and
San Mateo Junior College at San
Mateo this week.
In 1921, California's big hillside
"C" was painted red; an extra guard
was promptly stationed around the
newly completed Stanford stadium.
"Resolved, That co-eds should pay
half the expenses of dates" is the
subject to be debated by San Fran
cisco State Teachers College and
San Mateo Junior College at San
Mateo this week.
In 1921, California's big hillside
"C" was painted red; an extra guard
was promptly stationed around the
newly completed Stanford stadium.
"Resolved, That co-eds should pay
half the expenses of dates" is the
subject to be debated by San Fran
cisco State Teachers College and
San Mateo Junior College at San
Mateo this week.
In 1921, California's big hillside
"C" was painted red; an extra guard
was promptly stationed around the
newly completed Stanford stadium.
"Resolved, That co-eds should pay
half the expenses of dates" is the
subject to be debated by San Fran
cisco State Teachers College and
San Mateo Junior College at San
Mateo this week.
In 1921, California's big hillside
"C" was painted red; an extra guard
was promptly stationed around the
newly completed Stanford stadium.
