# COACH DISSATISFIED WITH YEARLING GOLF
## Twiggs Bemoans Lethargic Attitude of Frosh 
### 
Expressing dissatisfaction, dapper
Coach Eddie Twiggs said yesterday, l
"The fres';man golf team of this
year is inactive. The men practice
little and seem content to rest on
their prep school laurels. That sim
ply doesn't work in a university; it
is surprising how fast prep school
traditions can disappear when their j
subjects fail to come through."
Remarkable in this group of the
yearlings is George Berkey, who has f
raised from a shaky number seven :
position to a firm four. Above Ber
key on the ladder is Dalton Hen- 1
derson. g
Henderson came to Stanford with <
an amazing prep school record that
included the scholastic championship |
of the San Francisco district. I
Above Henderson are Clark and j
Stoddard. The latter is the number !
one man of the squad but is in con- i
stant danger of losing the berth to '
Clark, who showed just what ho j
could do in the qualifying round of j
the San Jose City Tournament.
Expressing dissatisfaction, dapper
Coach Eddie Twiggs said yesterday, l
"The fres';man golf team of this
year is inactive. The men practice
little and seem content to rest on
their prep school laurels. That sim
ply doesn't work in a university; it
is surprising how fast prep school
traditions can disappear when their j
subjects fail to come through."
Remarkable in this group of the
yearlings is George Berkey, who has f
raised from a shaky number seven :
position to a firm four. Above Ber
key on the ladder is Dalton Hen- 1
derson. g
Henderson came to Stanford with <
an amazing prep school record that
included the scholastic championship |
of the San Francisco district. I
Above Henderson are Clark and j
Stoddard. The latter is the number !
one man of the squad but is in con- i
stant danger of losing the berth to '
Clark, who showed just what ho j
could do in the qualifying round of j
the San Jose City Tournament.
Expressing dissatisfaction, dapper
Coach Eddie Twiggs said yesterday, l
"The fres';man golf team of this
year is inactive. The men practice
little and seem content to rest on
their prep school laurels. That sim
ply doesn't work in a university; it
is surprising how fast prep school
traditions can disappear when their j
subjects fail to come through."
Remarkable in this group of the
yearlings is George Berkey, who has f
raised from a shaky number seven :
position to a firm four. Above Ber
key on the ladder is Dalton Hen- 1
derson. g
Henderson came to Stanford with <
an amazing prep school record that
included the scholastic championship |
of the San Francisco district. I
Above Henderson are Clark and j
Stoddard. The latter is the number !
one man of the squad but is in con- i
stant danger of losing the berth to '
Clark, who showed just what ho j
could do in the qualifying round of j
the San Jose City Tournament.
Expressing dissatisfaction, dapper
Coach Eddie Twiggs said yesterday, l
"The fres';man golf team of this
year is inactive. The men practice
little and seem content to rest on
their prep school laurels. That sim
ply doesn't work in a university; it
is surprising how fast prep school
traditions can disappear when their j
subjects fail to come through."
Remarkable in this group of the
yearlings is George Berkey, who has f
raised from a shaky number seven :
position to a firm four. Above Ber
key on the ladder is Dalton Hen- 1
derson. g
Henderson came to Stanford with <
an amazing prep school record that
included the scholastic championship |
of the San Francisco district. I
Above Henderson are Clark and j
Stoddard. The latter is the number !
one man of the squad but is in con- i
stant danger of losing the berth to '
Clark, who showed just what ho j
could do in the qualifying round of j
the San Jose City Tournament.
Expressing dissatisfaction, dapper
Coach Eddie Twiggs said yesterday, l
"The fres';man golf team of this
year is inactive. The men practice
little and seem content to rest on
their prep school laurels. That sim
ply doesn't work in a university; it
is surprising how fast prep school
traditions can disappear when their j
subjects fail to come through."
Remarkable in this group of the
yearlings is George Berkey, who has f
raised from a shaky number seven :
position to a firm four. Above Ber
key on the ladder is Dalton Hen- 1
derson. g
Henderson came to Stanford with <
an amazing prep school record that
included the scholastic championship |
of the San Francisco district. I
Above Henderson are Clark and j
Stoddard. The latter is the number !
one man of the squad but is in con- i
stant danger of losing the berth to '
Clark, who showed just what ho j
could do in the qualifying round of j
the San Jose City Tournament.
Expressing dissatisfaction, dapper
Coach Eddie Twiggs said yesterday, l
"The fres';man golf team of this
year is inactive. The men practice
little and seem content to rest on
their prep school laurels. That sim
ply doesn't work in a university; it
is surprising how fast prep school
traditions can disappear when their j
subjects fail to come through."
Remarkable in this group of the
yearlings is George Berkey, who has f
raised from a shaky number seven :
position to a firm four. Above Ber
key on the ladder is Dalton Hen- 1
derson. g
Henderson came to Stanford with <
an amazing prep school record that
included the scholastic championship |
of the San Francisco district. I
Above Henderson are Clark and j
Stoddard. The latter is the number !
one man of the squad but is in con- i
stant danger of losing the berth to '
Clark, who showed just what ho j
could do in the qualifying round of j
the San Jose City Tournament.
Expressing dissatisfaction, dapper
Coach Eddie Twiggs said yesterday, l
"The fres';man golf team of this
year is inactive. The men practice
little and seem content to rest on
their prep school laurels. That sim
ply doesn't work in a university; it
is surprising how fast prep school
traditions can disappear when their j
subjects fail to come through."
Remarkable in this group of the
yearlings is George Berkey, who has f
raised from a shaky number seven :
position to a firm four. Above Ber
key on the ladder is Dalton Hen- 1
derson. g
Henderson came to Stanford with <
an amazing prep school record that
included the scholastic championship |
of the San Francisco district. I
Above Henderson are Clark and j
Stoddard. The latter is the number !
one man of the squad but is in con- i
stant danger of losing the berth to '
Clark, who showed just what ho j
could do in the qualifying round of j
the San Jose City Tournament.
Expressing dissatisfaction, dapper
Coach Eddie Twiggs said yesterday, l
"The fres';man golf team of this
year is inactive. The men practice
little and seem content to rest on
their prep school laurels. That sim
ply doesn't work in a university; it
is surprising how fast prep school
traditions can disappear when their j
subjects fail to come through."
Remarkable in this group of the
yearlings is George Berkey, who has f
raised from a shaky number seven :
position to a firm four. Above Ber
key on the ladder is Dalton Hen- 1
derson. g
Henderson came to Stanford with <
an amazing prep school record that
included the scholastic championship |
of the San Francisco district. I
Above Henderson are Clark and j
Stoddard. The latter is the number !
one man of the squad but is in con- i
stant danger of losing the berth to '
Clark, who showed just what ho j
could do in the qualifying round of j
the San Jose City Tournament.
Expressing dissatisfaction, dapper
Coach Eddie Twiggs said yesterday, l
"The fres';man golf team of this
year is inactive. The men practice
little and seem content to rest on
their prep school laurels. That sim
ply doesn't work in a university; it
is surprising how fast prep school
traditions can disappear when their j
subjects fail to come through."
Remarkable in this group of the
yearlings is George Berkey, who has f
raised from a shaky number seven :
position to a firm four. Above Ber
key on the ladder is Dalton Hen- 1
derson. g
Henderson came to Stanford with <
an amazing prep school record that
included the scholastic championship |
of the San Francisco district. I
Above Henderson are Clark and j
Stoddard. The latter is the number !
one man of the squad but is in con- i
stant danger of losing the berth to '
Clark, who showed just what ho j
could do in the qualifying round of j
the San Jose City Tournament.
Expressing dissatisfaction, dapper
Coach Eddie Twiggs said yesterday, l
"The fres';man golf team of this
year is inactive. The men practice
little and seem content to rest on
their prep school laurels. That sim
ply doesn't work in a university; it
is surprising how fast prep school
traditions can disappear when their j
subjects fail to come through."
Remarkable in this group of the
yearlings is George Berkey, who has f
raised from a shaky number seven :
position to a firm four. Above Ber
key on the ladder is Dalton Hen- 1
derson. g
Henderson came to Stanford with <
an amazing prep school record that
included the scholastic championship |
of the San Francisco district. I
Above Henderson are Clark and j
Stoddard. The latter is the number !
one man of the squad but is in con- i
stant danger of losing the berth to '
Clark, who showed just what ho j
could do in the qualifying round of j
the San Jose City Tournament.
Expressing dissatisfaction, dapper
Coach Eddie Twiggs said yesterday, l
"The fres';man golf team of this
year is inactive. The men practice
little and seem content to rest on
their prep school laurels. That sim
ply doesn't work in a university; it
is surprising how fast prep school
traditions can disappear when their j
subjects fail to come through."
Remarkable in this group of the
yearlings is George Berkey, who has f
raised from a shaky number seven :
position to a firm four. Above Ber
key on the ladder is Dalton Hen- 1
derson. g
Henderson came to Stanford with <
an amazing prep school record that
included the scholastic championship |
of the San Francisco district. I
Above Henderson are Clark and j
Stoddard. The latter is the number !
one man of the squad but is in con- i
stant danger of losing the berth to '
Clark, who showed just what ho j
could do in the qualifying round of j
the San Jose City Tournament.
Expressing dissatisfaction, dapper
Coach Eddie Twiggs said yesterday, l
"The fres';man golf team of this
year is inactive. The men practice
little and seem content to rest on
their prep school laurels. That sim
ply doesn't work in a university; it
is surprising how fast prep school
traditions can disappear when their j
subjects fail to come through."
Remarkable in this group of the
yearlings is George Berkey, who has f
raised from a shaky number seven :
position to a firm four. Above Ber
key on the ladder is Dalton Hen- 1
derson. g
Henderson came to Stanford with <
an amazing prep school record that
included the scholastic championship |
of the San Francisco district. I
Above Henderson are Clark and j
Stoddard. The latter is the number !
one man of the squad but is in con- i
stant danger of losing the berth to '
Clark, who showed just what ho j
could do in the qualifying round of j
the San Jose City Tournament.
Expressing dissatisfaction, dapper
Coach Eddie Twiggs said yesterday, l
"The fres';man golf team of this
year is inactive. The men practice
little and seem content to rest on
their prep school laurels. That sim
ply doesn't work in a university; it
is surprising how fast prep school
traditions can disappear when their j
subjects fail to come through."
Remarkable in this group of the
yearlings is George Berkey, who has f
raised from a shaky number seven :
position to a firm four. Above Ber
key on the ladder is Dalton Hen- 1
derson. g
Henderson came to Stanford with <
an amazing prep school record that
included the scholastic championship |
of the San Francisco district. I
Above Henderson are Clark and j
Stoddard. The latter is the number !
one man of the squad but is in con- i
stant danger of losing the berth to '
Clark, who showed just what ho j
could do in the qualifying round of j
the San Jose City Tournament.
Expressing dissatisfaction, dapper
Coach Eddie Twiggs said yesterday, l
"The fres';man golf team of this
year is inactive. The men practice
little and seem content to rest on
their prep school laurels. That sim
ply doesn't work in a university; it
is surprising how fast prep school
traditions can disappear when their j
subjects fail to come through."
Remarkable in this group of the
yearlings is George Berkey, who has f
raised from a shaky number seven :
position to a firm four. Above Ber
key on the ladder is Dalton Hen- 1
derson. g
Henderson came to Stanford with <
an amazing prep school record that
included the scholastic championship |
of the San Francisco district. I
Above Henderson are Clark and j
Stoddard. The latter is the number !
one man of the squad but is in con- i
stant danger of losing the berth to '
Clark, who showed just what ho j
could do in the qualifying round of j
the San Jose City Tournament.
Expressing dissatisfaction, dapper
Coach Eddie Twiggs said yesterday, l
"The fres';man golf team of this
year is inactive. The men practice
little and seem content to rest on
their prep school laurels. That sim
ply doesn't work in a university; it
is surprising how fast prep school
traditions can disappear when their j
subjects fail to come through."
Remarkable in this group of the
yearlings is George Berkey, who has f
raised from a shaky number seven :
position to a firm four. Above Ber
key on the ladder is Dalton Hen- 1
derson. g
Henderson came to Stanford with <
an amazing prep school record that
included the scholastic championship |
of the San Francisco district. I
Above Henderson are Clark and j
Stoddard. The latter is the number !
one man of the squad but is in con- i
stant danger of losing the berth to '
Clark, who showed just what ho j
could do in the qualifying round of j
the San Jose City Tournament.
