# Purdue Clubs Boost Minor Sports, Revive Swimming
## 
### 
To aid minor sports at Purdue,
Reamers Club, athletic booster or
ganization, and Dolphin Club, hon
orary swimminp fraternity, sell
"Purdue" reflectors for automobiles.
So far the sale has furnished funds
for the revival of the Boilermakers'
swimming team. '•
The reflectors are oval shaped
with crimped metal background in
gold and the letters "Purdue" in
black or a black background with
gold letters.
To aid minor sports at Purdue,
Reamers Club, athletic booster or
ganization, and Dolphin Club, hon
orary swimminp fraternity, sell
"Purdue" reflectors for automobiles.
So far the sale has furnished funds
for the revival of the Boilermakers'
swimming team. '•
The reflectors are oval shaped
with crimped metal background in
gold and the letters "Purdue" in
black or a black background with
gold letters.
To aid minor sports at Purdue,
Reamers Club, athletic booster or
ganization, and Dolphin Club, hon
orary swimminp fraternity, sell
"Purdue" reflectors for automobiles.
So far the sale has furnished funds
for the revival of the Boilermakers'
swimming team. '•
The reflectors are oval shaped
with crimped metal background in
gold and the letters "Purdue" in
black or a black background with
gold letters.
To aid minor sports at Purdue,
Reamers Club, athletic booster or
ganization, and Dolphin Club, hon
orary swimminp fraternity, sell
"Purdue" reflectors for automobiles.
So far the sale has furnished funds
for the revival of the Boilermakers'
swimming team. '•
The reflectors are oval shaped
with crimped metal background in
gold and the letters "Purdue" in
black or a black background with
gold letters.
To aid minor sports at Purdue,
Reamers Club, athletic booster or
ganization, and Dolphin Club, hon
orary swimminp fraternity, sell
"Purdue" reflectors for automobiles.
So far the sale has furnished funds
for the revival of the Boilermakers'
swimming team. '•
The reflectors are oval shaped
with crimped metal background in
gold and the letters "Purdue" in
black or a black background with
gold letters.
To aid minor sports at Purdue,
Reamers Club, athletic booster or
ganization, and Dolphin Club, hon
orary swimminp fraternity, sell
"Purdue" reflectors for automobiles.
So far the sale has furnished funds
for the revival of the Boilermakers'
swimming team. '•
The reflectors are oval shaped
with crimped metal background in
gold and the letters "Purdue" in
black or a black background with
gold letters.
To aid minor sports at Purdue,
Reamers Club, athletic booster or
ganization, and Dolphin Club, hon
orary swimminp fraternity, sell
"Purdue" reflectors for automobiles.
So far the sale has furnished funds
for the revival of the Boilermakers'
swimming team. '•
The reflectors are oval shaped
with crimped metal background in
gold and the letters "Purdue" in
black or a black background with
gold letters.
To aid minor sports at Purdue,
Reamers Club, athletic booster or
ganization, and Dolphin Club, hon
orary swimminp fraternity, sell
"Purdue" reflectors for automobiles.
So far the sale has furnished funds
for the revival of the Boilermakers'
swimming team. '•
The reflectors are oval shaped
with crimped metal background in
gold and the letters "Purdue" in
black or a black background with
gold letters.
To aid minor sports at Purdue,
Reamers Club, athletic booster or
ganization, and Dolphin Club, hon
orary swimminp fraternity, sell
"Purdue" reflectors for automobiles.
So far the sale has furnished funds
for the revival of the Boilermakers'
swimming team. '•
The reflectors are oval shaped
with crimped metal background in
gold and the letters "Purdue" in
black or a black background with
gold letters.
To aid minor sports at Purdue,
Reamers Club, athletic booster or
ganization, and Dolphin Club, hon
orary swimminp fraternity, sell
"Purdue" reflectors for automobiles.
So far the sale has furnished funds
for the revival of the Boilermakers'
swimming team. '•
The reflectors are oval shaped
with crimped metal background in
gold and the letters "Purdue" in
black or a black background with
gold letters.
To aid minor sports at Purdue,
Reamers Club, athletic booster or
ganization, and Dolphin Club, hon
orary swimminp fraternity, sell
"Purdue" reflectors for automobiles.
So far the sale has furnished funds
for the revival of the Boilermakers'
swimming team. '•
The reflectors are oval shaped
with crimped metal background in
gold and the letters "Purdue" in
black or a black background with
gold letters.
To aid minor sports at Purdue,
Reamers Club, athletic booster or
ganization, and Dolphin Club, hon
orary swimminp fraternity, sell
"Purdue" reflectors for automobiles.
So far the sale has furnished funds
for the revival of the Boilermakers'
swimming team. '•
The reflectors are oval shaped
with crimped metal background in
gold and the letters "Purdue" in
black or a black background with
gold letters.
To aid minor sports at Purdue,
Reamers Club, athletic booster or
ganization, and Dolphin Club, hon
orary swimminp fraternity, sell
"Purdue" reflectors for automobiles.
So far the sale has furnished funds
for the revival of the Boilermakers'
swimming team. '•
The reflectors are oval shaped
with crimped metal background in
gold and the letters "Purdue" in
black or a black background with
gold letters.
To aid minor sports at Purdue,
Reamers Club, athletic booster or
ganization, and Dolphin Club, hon
orary swimminp fraternity, sell
"Purdue" reflectors for automobiles.
So far the sale has furnished funds
for the revival of the Boilermakers'
swimming team. '•
The reflectors are oval shaped
with crimped metal background in
gold and the letters "Purdue" in
black or a black background with
gold letters.
To aid minor sports at Purdue,
Reamers Club, athletic booster or
ganization, and Dolphin Club, hon
orary swimminp fraternity, sell
"Purdue" reflectors for automobiles.
So far the sale has furnished funds
for the revival of the Boilermakers'
swimming team. '•
The reflectors are oval shaped
with crimped metal background in
gold and the letters "Purdue" in
black or a black background with
gold letters.
