# FALSE ALARM
## 
### 
The Art Gallery .received unac
customed attention last night after
the rally when some enterprising
student, not satisfied with the ex
citement created by the Big Game
spirit, turned in an alarm at Box 12.
A baffled fire department return to
their quarters after a pointless ride
down the Quad.
The Art Gallery .received unac
customed attention last night after
the rally when some enterprising
student, not satisfied with the ex
citement created by the Big Game
spirit, turned in an alarm at Box 12.
A baffled fire department return to
their quarters after a pointless ride
down the Quad.
The Art Gallery .received unac
customed attention last night after
the rally when some enterprising
student, not satisfied with the ex
citement created by the Big Game
spirit, turned in an alarm at Box 12.
A baffled fire department return to
their quarters after a pointless ride
down the Quad.
The Art Gallery .received unac
customed attention last night after
the rally when some enterprising
student, not satisfied with the ex
citement created by the Big Game
spirit, turned in an alarm at Box 12.
A baffled fire department return to
their quarters after a pointless ride
down the Quad.
The Art Gallery .received unac
customed attention last night after
the rally when some enterprising
student, not satisfied with the ex
citement created by the Big Game
spirit, turned in an alarm at Box 12.
A baffled fire department return to
their quarters after a pointless ride
down the Quad.
The Art Gallery .received unac
customed attention last night after
the rally when some enterprising
student, not satisfied with the ex
citement created by the Big Game
spirit, turned in an alarm at Box 12.
A baffled fire department return to
their quarters after a pointless ride
down the Quad.
The Art Gallery .received unac
customed attention last night after
the rally when some enterprising
student, not satisfied with the ex
citement created by the Big Game
spirit, turned in an alarm at Box 12.
A baffled fire department return to
their quarters after a pointless ride
down the Quad.
The Art Gallery .received unac
customed attention last night after
the rally when some enterprising
student, not satisfied with the ex
citement created by the Big Game
spirit, turned in an alarm at Box 12.
A baffled fire department return to
their quarters after a pointless ride
down the Quad.
The Art Gallery .received unac
customed attention last night after
the rally when some enterprising
student, not satisfied with the ex
citement created by the Big Game
spirit, turned in an alarm at Box 12.
A baffled fire department return to
their quarters after a pointless ride
down the Quad.
The Art Gallery .received unac
customed attention last night after
the rally when some enterprising
student, not satisfied with the ex
citement created by the Big Game
spirit, turned in an alarm at Box 12.
A baffled fire department return to
their quarters after a pointless ride
down the Quad.
The Art Gallery .received unac
customed attention last night after
the rally when some enterprising
student, not satisfied with the ex
citement created by the Big Game
spirit, turned in an alarm at Box 12.
A baffled fire department return to
their quarters after a pointless ride
down the Quad.
The Art Gallery .received unac
customed attention last night after
the rally when some enterprising
student, not satisfied with the ex
citement created by the Big Game
spirit, turned in an alarm at Box 12.
A baffled fire department return to
their quarters after a pointless ride
down the Quad.
The Art Gallery .received unac
customed attention last night after
the rally when some enterprising
student, not satisfied with the ex
citement created by the Big Game
spirit, turned in an alarm at Box 12.
A baffled fire department return to
their quarters after a pointless ride
down the Quad.
The Art Gallery .received unac
customed attention last night after
the rally when some enterprising
student, not satisfied with the ex
citement created by the Big Game
spirit, turned in an alarm at Box 12.
A baffled fire department return to
their quarters after a pointless ride
down the Quad.
The Art Gallery .received unac
customed attention last night after
the rally when some enterprising
student, not satisfied with the ex
citement created by the Big Game
spirit, turned in an alarm at Box 12.
A baffled fire department return to
their quarters after a pointless ride
down the Quad.
