# BIBLIOGRAPHY BY VAN PATTEN WILL BE PRINTED SOON
## 
### 
In preparation for the University
Press is a volume by Nathan Van
Patten, Director of University Li
braries, entitled "An Index to Bib
liographies and Bibliographical Con
tributions Relating to the Work of
American and British Authors from
1923 to 1932."
It is an ennumerative and descrip
tive bibliography giving informa
tion concerning the printed or man
uscript work of individual authors,
and data relating to their books.
Another volume to appear in the
near future is an autobiography of
John Keats. It is being built up
from Keats' personal correspond
ence by Earle Vonarcl Weller, a San
Francisco man. All depetitious mat
ter, salutations and complementary
endings, and unimportant details are
omitted. Proper names are substi
tuted for pronouns. Result—Keats'
story in his own words.
In preparation for the University
Press is a volume by Nathan Van
Patten, Director of University Li
braries, entitled "An Index to Bib
liographies and Bibliographical Con
tributions Relating to the Work of
American and British Authors from
1923 to 1932."
It is an ennumerative and descrip
tive bibliography giving informa
tion concerning the printed or man
uscript work of individual authors,
and data relating to their books.
Another volume to appear in the
near future is an autobiography of
John Keats. It is being built up
from Keats' personal correspond
ence by Earle Vonarcl Weller, a San
Francisco man. All depetitious mat
ter, salutations and complementary
endings, and unimportant details are
omitted. Proper names are substi
tuted for pronouns. Result—Keats'
story in his own words.
In preparation for the University
Press is a volume by Nathan Van
Patten, Director of University Li
braries, entitled "An Index to Bib
liographies and Bibliographical Con
tributions Relating to the Work of
American and British Authors from
1923 to 1932."
It is an ennumerative and descrip
tive bibliography giving informa
tion concerning the printed or man
uscript work of individual authors,
and data relating to their books.
Another volume to appear in the
near future is an autobiography of
John Keats. It is being built up
from Keats' personal correspond
ence by Earle Vonarcl Weller, a San
Francisco man. All depetitious mat
ter, salutations and complementary
endings, and unimportant details are
omitted. Proper names are substi
tuted for pronouns. Result—Keats'
story in his own words.
In preparation for the University
Press is a volume by Nathan Van
Patten, Director of University Li
braries, entitled "An Index to Bib
liographies and Bibliographical Con
tributions Relating to the Work of
American and British Authors from
1923 to 1932."
It is an ennumerative and descrip
tive bibliography giving informa
tion concerning the printed or man
uscript work of individual authors,
and data relating to their books.
Another volume to appear in the
near future is an autobiography of
John Keats. It is being built up
from Keats' personal correspond
ence by Earle Vonarcl Weller, a San
Francisco man. All depetitious mat
ter, salutations and complementary
endings, and unimportant details are
omitted. Proper names are substi
tuted for pronouns. Result—Keats'
story in his own words.
In preparation for the University
Press is a volume by Nathan Van
Patten, Director of University Li
braries, entitled "An Index to Bib
liographies and Bibliographical Con
tributions Relating to the Work of
American and British Authors from
1923 to 1932."
It is an ennumerative and descrip
tive bibliography giving informa
tion concerning the printed or man
uscript work of individual authors,
and data relating to their books.
Another volume to appear in the
near future is an autobiography of
John Keats. It is being built up
from Keats' personal correspond
ence by Earle Vonarcl Weller, a San
Francisco man. All depetitious mat
ter, salutations and complementary
endings, and unimportant details are
omitted. Proper names are substi
tuted for pronouns. Result—Keats'
story in his own words.
In preparation for the University
Press is a volume by Nathan Van
Patten, Director of University Li
braries, entitled "An Index to Bib
liographies and Bibliographical Con
tributions Relating to the Work of
American and British Authors from
1923 to 1932."
It is an ennumerative and descrip
tive bibliography giving informa
tion concerning the printed or man
uscript work of individual authors,
and data relating to their books.
Another volume to appear in the
near future is an autobiography of
John Keats. It is being built up
from Keats' personal correspond
ence by Earle Vonarcl Weller, a San
Francisco man. All depetitious mat
ter, salutations and complementary
endings, and unimportant details are
omitted. Proper names are substi
tuted for pronouns. Result—Keats'
story in his own words.
In preparation for the University
Press is a volume by Nathan Van
Patten, Director of University Li
braries, entitled "An Index to Bib
liographies and Bibliographical Con
tributions Relating to the Work of
American and British Authors from
1923 to 1932."
It is an ennumerative and descrip
tive bibliography giving informa
tion concerning the printed or man
uscript work of individual authors,
and data relating to their books.
Another volume to appear in the
near future is an autobiography of
John Keats. It is being built up
from Keats' personal correspond
ence by Earle Vonarcl Weller, a San
Francisco man. All depetitious mat
ter, salutations and complementary
endings, and unimportant details are
omitted. Proper names are substi
tuted for pronouns. Result—Keats'
story in his own words.
In preparation for the University
Press is a volume by Nathan Van
Patten, Director of University Li
braries, entitled "An Index to Bib
liographies and Bibliographical Con
tributions Relating to the Work of
American and British Authors from
1923 to 1932."
It is an ennumerative and descrip
tive bibliography giving informa
tion concerning the printed or man
uscript work of individual authors,
and data relating to their books.
Another volume to appear in the
near future is an autobiography of
John Keats. It is being built up
from Keats' personal correspond
ence by Earle Vonarcl Weller, a San
Francisco man. All depetitious mat
ter, salutations and complementary
endings, and unimportant details are
omitted. Proper names are substi
tuted for pronouns. Result—Keats'
story in his own words.
In preparation for the University
Press is a volume by Nathan Van
Patten, Director of University Li
braries, entitled "An Index to Bib
liographies and Bibliographical Con
tributions Relating to the Work of
American and British Authors from
1923 to 1932."
It is an ennumerative and descrip
tive bibliography giving informa
tion concerning the printed or man
uscript work of individual authors,
and data relating to their books.
Another volume to appear in the
near future is an autobiography of
John Keats. It is being built up
from Keats' personal correspond
ence by Earle Vonarcl Weller, a San
Francisco man. All depetitious mat
ter, salutations and complementary
endings, and unimportant details are
omitted. Proper names are substi
tuted for pronouns. Result—Keats'
story in his own words.
In preparation for the University
Press is a volume by Nathan Van
Patten, Director of University Li
braries, entitled "An Index to Bib
liographies and Bibliographical Con
tributions Relating to the Work of
American and British Authors from
1923 to 1932."
It is an ennumerative and descrip
tive bibliography giving informa
tion concerning the printed or man
uscript work of individual authors,
and data relating to their books.
Another volume to appear in the
near future is an autobiography of
John Keats. It is being built up
from Keats' personal correspond
ence by Earle Vonarcl Weller, a San
Francisco man. All depetitious mat
ter, salutations and complementary
endings, and unimportant details are
omitted. Proper names are substi
tuted for pronouns. Result—Keats'
story in his own words.
In preparation for the University
Press is a volume by Nathan Van
Patten, Director of University Li
braries, entitled "An Index to Bib
liographies and Bibliographical Con
tributions Relating to the Work of
American and British Authors from
1923 to 1932."
It is an ennumerative and descrip
tive bibliography giving informa
tion concerning the printed or man
uscript work of individual authors,
and data relating to their books.
Another volume to appear in the
near future is an autobiography of
John Keats. It is being built up
from Keats' personal correspond
ence by Earle Vonarcl Weller, a San
Francisco man. All depetitious mat
ter, salutations and complementary
endings, and unimportant details are
omitted. Proper names are substi
tuted for pronouns. Result—Keats'
story in his own words.
In preparation for the University
Press is a volume by Nathan Van
Patten, Director of University Li
braries, entitled "An Index to Bib
liographies and Bibliographical Con
tributions Relating to the Work of
American and British Authors from
1923 to 1932."
It is an ennumerative and descrip
tive bibliography giving informa
tion concerning the printed or man
uscript work of individual authors,
and data relating to their books.
Another volume to appear in the
near future is an autobiography of
John Keats. It is being built up
from Keats' personal correspond
ence by Earle Vonarcl Weller, a San
Francisco man. All depetitious mat
ter, salutations and complementary
endings, and unimportant details are
omitted. Proper names are substi
tuted for pronouns. Result—Keats'
story in his own words.
In preparation for the University
Press is a volume by Nathan Van
Patten, Director of University Li
braries, entitled "An Index to Bib
liographies and Bibliographical Con
tributions Relating to the Work of
American and British Authors from
1923 to 1932."
It is an ennumerative and descrip
tive bibliography giving informa
tion concerning the printed or man
uscript work of individual authors,
and data relating to their books.
Another volume to appear in the
near future is an autobiography of
John Keats. It is being built up
from Keats' personal correspond
ence by Earle Vonarcl Weller, a San
Francisco man. All depetitious mat
ter, salutations and complementary
endings, and unimportant details are
omitted. Proper names are substi
tuted for pronouns. Result—Keats'
story in his own words.
In preparation for the University
Press is a volume by Nathan Van
Patten, Director of University Li
braries, entitled "An Index to Bib
liographies and Bibliographical Con
tributions Relating to the Work of
American and British Authors from
1923 to 1932."
It is an ennumerative and descrip
tive bibliography giving informa
tion concerning the printed or man
uscript work of individual authors,
and data relating to their books.
Another volume to appear in the
near future is an autobiography of
John Keats. It is being built up
from Keats' personal correspond
ence by Earle Vonarcl Weller, a San
Francisco man. All depetitious mat
ter, salutations and complementary
endings, and unimportant details are
omitted. Proper names are substi
tuted for pronouns. Result—Keats'
story in his own words.
In preparation for the University
Press is a volume by Nathan Van
Patten, Director of University Li
braries, entitled "An Index to Bib
liographies and Bibliographical Con
tributions Relating to the Work of
American and British Authors from
1923 to 1932."
It is an ennumerative and descrip
tive bibliography giving informa
tion concerning the printed or man
uscript work of individual authors,
and data relating to their books.
Another volume to appear in the
near future is an autobiography of
John Keats. It is being built up
from Keats' personal correspond
ence by Earle Vonarcl Weller, a San
Francisco man. All depetitious mat
ter, salutations and complementary
endings, and unimportant details are
omitted. Proper names are substi
tuted for pronouns. Result—Keats'
story in his own words.
