# ENVOY TO SOVIET RUSSIA GREETED
## 
### 

President Roosevelt extends his greetings to William C. Bullitt,
first ambassador to Russia since recognition of the Soviet regime.
(Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt extends his greetings to William C. Bullitt,
first ambassador to Russia since recognition of the Soviet regime.
(Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt extends his greetings to William C. Bullitt,
first ambassador to Russia since recognition of the Soviet regime.
(Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt extends his greetings to William C. Bullitt,
first ambassador to Russia since recognition of the Soviet regime.
(Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt extends his greetings to William C. Bullitt,
first ambassador to Russia since recognition of the Soviet regime.
(Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt extends his greetings to William C. Bullitt,
first ambassador to Russia since recognition of the Soviet regime.
(Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt extends his greetings to William C. Bullitt,
first ambassador to Russia since recognition of the Soviet regime.
(Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt extends his greetings to William C. Bullitt,
first ambassador to Russia since recognition of the Soviet regime.
(Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt extends his greetings to William C. Bullitt,
first ambassador to Russia since recognition of the Soviet regime.
(Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt extends his greetings to William C. Bullitt,
first ambassador to Russia since recognition of the Soviet regime.
(Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt extends his greetings to William C. Bullitt,
first ambassador to Russia since recognition of the Soviet regime.
(Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt extends his greetings to William C. Bullitt,
first ambassador to Russia since recognition of the Soviet regime.
(Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt extends his greetings to William C. Bullitt,
first ambassador to Russia since recognition of the Soviet regime.
(Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt extends his greetings to William C. Bullitt,
first ambassador to Russia since recognition of the Soviet regime.
(Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt extends his greetings to William C. Bullitt,
first ambassador to Russia since recognition of the Soviet regime.
(Associated Press Photo)
