# LECTURER FAILS TO ARRIVE FROM EAST
## 
### 
Dr. Paul Monroe, Director of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Univer
sity, who was to have given a lecture
at 11 o'clock yesterday, on "Remodel
ing the Orient by Education," failed
to arrive. There is a possibility, how
ever, that another time may be ar
ranged for him to talk to those in
terested in the subject. In that case
notices will be put up on the bulletin
boards in the Education Building.
Dr. Paul Monroe, Director of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Univer
sity, who was to have given a lecture
at 11 o'clock yesterday, on "Remodel
ing the Orient by Education," failed
to arrive. There is a possibility, how
ever, that another time may be ar
ranged for him to talk to those in
terested in the subject. In that case
notices will be put up on the bulletin
boards in the Education Building.
Dr. Paul Monroe, Director of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Univer
sity, who was to have given a lecture
at 11 o'clock yesterday, on "Remodel
ing the Orient by Education," failed
to arrive. There is a possibility, how
ever, that another time may be ar
ranged for him to talk to those in
terested in the subject. In that case
notices will be put up on the bulletin
boards in the Education Building.
Dr. Paul Monroe, Director of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Univer
sity, who was to have given a lecture
at 11 o'clock yesterday, on "Remodel
ing the Orient by Education," failed
to arrive. There is a possibility, how
ever, that another time may be ar
ranged for him to talk to those in
terested in the subject. In that case
notices will be put up on the bulletin
boards in the Education Building.
Dr. Paul Monroe, Director of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Univer
sity, who was to have given a lecture
at 11 o'clock yesterday, on "Remodel
ing the Orient by Education," failed
to arrive. There is a possibility, how
ever, that another time may be ar
ranged for him to talk to those in
terested in the subject. In that case
notices will be put up on the bulletin
boards in the Education Building.
Dr. Paul Monroe, Director of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Univer
sity, who was to have given a lecture
at 11 o'clock yesterday, on "Remodel
ing the Orient by Education," failed
to arrive. There is a possibility, how
ever, that another time may be ar
ranged for him to talk to those in
terested in the subject. In that case
notices will be put up on the bulletin
boards in the Education Building.
Dr. Paul Monroe, Director of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Univer
sity, who was to have given a lecture
at 11 o'clock yesterday, on "Remodel
ing the Orient by Education," failed
to arrive. There is a possibility, how
ever, that another time may be ar
ranged for him to talk to those in
terested in the subject. In that case
notices will be put up on the bulletin
boards in the Education Building.
Dr. Paul Monroe, Director of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Univer
sity, who was to have given a lecture
at 11 o'clock yesterday, on "Remodel
ing the Orient by Education," failed
to arrive. There is a possibility, how
ever, that another time may be ar
ranged for him to talk to those in
terested in the subject. In that case
notices will be put up on the bulletin
boards in the Education Building.
Dr. Paul Monroe, Director of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Univer
sity, who was to have given a lecture
at 11 o'clock yesterday, on "Remodel
ing the Orient by Education," failed
to arrive. There is a possibility, how
ever, that another time may be ar
ranged for him to talk to those in
terested in the subject. In that case
notices will be put up on the bulletin
boards in the Education Building.
Dr. Paul Monroe, Director of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Univer
sity, who was to have given a lecture
at 11 o'clock yesterday, on "Remodel
ing the Orient by Education," failed
to arrive. There is a possibility, how
ever, that another time may be ar
ranged for him to talk to those in
terested in the subject. In that case
notices will be put up on the bulletin
boards in the Education Building.
Dr. Paul Monroe, Director of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Univer
sity, who was to have given a lecture
at 11 o'clock yesterday, on "Remodel
ing the Orient by Education," failed
to arrive. There is a possibility, how
ever, that another time may be ar
ranged for him to talk to those in
terested in the subject. In that case
notices will be put up on the bulletin
boards in the Education Building.
Dr. Paul Monroe, Director of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Univer
sity, who was to have given a lecture
at 11 o'clock yesterday, on "Remodel
ing the Orient by Education," failed
to arrive. There is a possibility, how
ever, that another time may be ar
ranged for him to talk to those in
terested in the subject. In that case
notices will be put up on the bulletin
boards in the Education Building.
Dr. Paul Monroe, Director of the
Teachers' College, Columbia Univer
sity, who was to have given a lecture
at 11 o'clock yesterday, on "Remodel
ing the Orient by Education," failed
to arrive. There is a possibility, how
ever, that another time may be ar
ranged for him to talk to those in
terested in the subject. In that case
notices will be put up on the bulletin
boards in the Education Building.
