# SCIENTIFIC MEETINGS ATTENDED BY FACULTY
## 
### 
Five members of the Stanford
faculty have gone East to attend vari
ous meetings of scientific organiza
tions. Professor L. M. Terman, of the
department of Education, during a
trip which will occupy between two
and three weeks, will attend meetings
of several organizations concerned
with education and psychology. He
will be present at sessions of the Di
vision of Anthropology and Psychology
of the National Research Council and
of ihe Committee on National Intelli
gence Tests, both in Washington D.C.
During the trip he will visit several
of the leading departments of edu
cation and psychology in eastern uni
versities. Professor Terman is an
authority in the measurement of intel
ligence.
Professor W. F. Durand, of the de
partment of Mechanical Engineering,
Professor E. C. Franklin, of the de
partment of Chemistry, Professor H.
F. Blichfeldt, of the department of
Mathematics, and Professor David L.
Webster, of the department of Phy
sics, will attend meetings of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences, of which
they are members, which will be held
in Washington, April 25-27. Profes
sor Blichfeldt will present a paper at
the meeting as will Professor Frank
lin who will read a paper on "Amino
Carbonic Acid" before the meeting
of the American 'Chemical Society
which will be held in Washington dur
ing the same period. Professor Du
rand and Professor Webster will also
attend the meetings of the National
Research Council in Washington and
of the American Philosophical Society
in Philadelphia.
Five members of the Stanford
faculty have gone East to attend vari
ous meetings of scientific organiza
tions. Professor L. M. Terman, of the
department of Education, during a
trip which will occupy between two
and three weeks, will attend meetings
of several organizations concerned
with education and psychology. He
will be present at sessions of the Di
vision of Anthropology and Psychology
of the National Research Council and
of ihe Committee on National Intelli
gence Tests, both in Washington D.C.
During the trip he will visit several
of the leading departments of edu
cation and psychology in eastern uni
versities. Professor Terman is an
authority in the measurement of intel
ligence.
Professor W. F. Durand, of the de
partment of Mechanical Engineering,
Professor E. C. Franklin, of the de
partment of Chemistry, Professor H.
F. Blichfeldt, of the department of
Mathematics, and Professor David L.
Webster, of the department of Phy
sics, will attend meetings of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences, of which
they are members, which will be held
in Washington, April 25-27. Profes
sor Blichfeldt will present a paper at
the meeting as will Professor Frank
lin who will read a paper on "Amino
Carbonic Acid" before the meeting
of the American 'Chemical Society
which will be held in Washington dur
ing the same period. Professor Du
rand and Professor Webster will also
attend the meetings of the National
Research Council in Washington and
of the American Philosophical Society
in Philadelphia.
Five members of the Stanford
faculty have gone East to attend vari
ous meetings of scientific organiza
tions. Professor L. M. Terman, of the
department of Education, during a
trip which will occupy between two
and three weeks, will attend meetings
of several organizations concerned
with education and psychology. He
will be present at sessions of the Di
vision of Anthropology and Psychology
of the National Research Council and
of ihe Committee on National Intelli
gence Tests, both in Washington D.C.
During the trip he will visit several
of the leading departments of edu
cation and psychology in eastern uni
versities. Professor Terman is an
authority in the measurement of intel
ligence.
Professor W. F. Durand, of the de
partment of Mechanical Engineering,
Professor E. C. Franklin, of the de
partment of Chemistry, Professor H.
F. Blichfeldt, of the department of
Mathematics, and Professor David L.
Webster, of the department of Phy
sics, will attend meetings of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences, of which
they are members, which will be held
in Washington, April 25-27. Profes
sor Blichfeldt will present a paper at
the meeting as will Professor Frank
lin who will read a paper on "Amino
Carbonic Acid" before the meeting
of the American 'Chemical Society
which will be held in Washington dur
ing the same period. Professor Du
rand and Professor Webster will also
attend the meetings of the National
Research Council in Washington and
of the American Philosophical Society
in Philadelphia.
Five members of the Stanford
faculty have gone East to attend vari
ous meetings of scientific organiza
tions. Professor L. M. Terman, of the
department of Education, during a
trip which will occupy between two
and three weeks, will attend meetings
of several organizations concerned
with education and psychology. He
will be present at sessions of the Di
vision of Anthropology and Psychology
of the National Research Council and
of ihe Committee on National Intelli
gence Tests, both in Washington D.C.
During the trip he will visit several
of the leading departments of edu
cation and psychology in eastern uni
versities. Professor Terman is an
authority in the measurement of intel
ligence.
Professor W. F. Durand, of the de
partment of Mechanical Engineering,
Professor E. C. Franklin, of the de
partment of Chemistry, Professor H.
F. Blichfeldt, of the department of
Mathematics, and Professor David L.
Webster, of the department of Phy
sics, will attend meetings of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences, of which
they are members, which will be held
in Washington, April 25-27. Profes
sor Blichfeldt will present a paper at
the meeting as will Professor Frank
lin who will read a paper on "Amino
Carbonic Acid" before the meeting
of the American 'Chemical Society
which will be held in Washington dur
ing the same period. Professor Du
rand and Professor Webster will also
attend the meetings of the National
Research Council in Washington and
of the American Philosophical Society
in Philadelphia.
Five members of the Stanford
faculty have gone East to attend vari
ous meetings of scientific organiza
tions. Professor L. M. Terman, of the
department of Education, during a
trip which will occupy between two
and three weeks, will attend meetings
of several organizations concerned
with education and psychology. He
will be present at sessions of the Di
vision of Anthropology and Psychology
of the National Research Council and
of ihe Committee on National Intelli
gence Tests, both in Washington D.C.
During the trip he will visit several
of the leading departments of edu
cation and psychology in eastern uni
versities. Professor Terman is an
authority in the measurement of intel
ligence.
Professor W. F. Durand, of the de
partment of Mechanical Engineering,
Professor E. C. Franklin, of the de
partment of Chemistry, Professor H.
F. Blichfeldt, of the department of
Mathematics, and Professor David L.
Webster, of the department of Phy
sics, will attend meetings of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences, of which
they are members, which will be held
in Washington, April 25-27. Profes
sor Blichfeldt will present a paper at
the meeting as will Professor Frank
lin who will read a paper on "Amino
Carbonic Acid" before the meeting
of the American 'Chemical Society
which will be held in Washington dur
ing the same period. Professor Du
rand and Professor Webster will also
attend the meetings of the National
Research Council in Washington and
of the American Philosophical Society
in Philadelphia.
Five members of the Stanford
faculty have gone East to attend vari
ous meetings of scientific organiza
tions. Professor L. M. Terman, of the
department of Education, during a
trip which will occupy between two
and three weeks, will attend meetings
of several organizations concerned
with education and psychology. He
will be present at sessions of the Di
vision of Anthropology and Psychology
of the National Research Council and
of ihe Committee on National Intelli
gence Tests, both in Washington D.C.
During the trip he will visit several
of the leading departments of edu
cation and psychology in eastern uni
versities. Professor Terman is an
authority in the measurement of intel
ligence.
Professor W. F. Durand, of the de
partment of Mechanical Engineering,
Professor E. C. Franklin, of the de
partment of Chemistry, Professor H.
F. Blichfeldt, of the department of
Mathematics, and Professor David L.
Webster, of the department of Phy
sics, will attend meetings of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences, of which
they are members, which will be held
in Washington, April 25-27. Profes
sor Blichfeldt will present a paper at
the meeting as will Professor Frank
lin who will read a paper on "Amino
Carbonic Acid" before the meeting
of the American 'Chemical Society
which will be held in Washington dur
ing the same period. Professor Du
rand and Professor Webster will also
attend the meetings of the National
Research Council in Washington and
of the American Philosophical Society
in Philadelphia.
Five members of the Stanford
faculty have gone East to attend vari
ous meetings of scientific organiza
tions. Professor L. M. Terman, of the
department of Education, during a
trip which will occupy between two
and three weeks, will attend meetings
of several organizations concerned
with education and psychology. He
will be present at sessions of the Di
vision of Anthropology and Psychology
of the National Research Council and
of ihe Committee on National Intelli
gence Tests, both in Washington D.C.
During the trip he will visit several
of the leading departments of edu
cation and psychology in eastern uni
versities. Professor Terman is an
authority in the measurement of intel
ligence.
Professor W. F. Durand, of the de
partment of Mechanical Engineering,
Professor E. C. Franklin, of the de
partment of Chemistry, Professor H.
F. Blichfeldt, of the department of
Mathematics, and Professor David L.
Webster, of the department of Phy
sics, will attend meetings of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences, of which
they are members, which will be held
in Washington, April 25-27. Profes
sor Blichfeldt will present a paper at
the meeting as will Professor Frank
lin who will read a paper on "Amino
Carbonic Acid" before the meeting
of the American 'Chemical Society
which will be held in Washington dur
ing the same period. Professor Du
rand and Professor Webster will also
attend the meetings of the National
Research Council in Washington and
of the American Philosophical Society
in Philadelphia.
Five members of the Stanford
faculty have gone East to attend vari
ous meetings of scientific organiza
tions. Professor L. M. Terman, of the
department of Education, during a
trip which will occupy between two
and three weeks, will attend meetings
of several organizations concerned
with education and psychology. He
will be present at sessions of the Di
vision of Anthropology and Psychology
of the National Research Council and
of ihe Committee on National Intelli
gence Tests, both in Washington D.C.
During the trip he will visit several
of the leading departments of edu
cation and psychology in eastern uni
versities. Professor Terman is an
authority in the measurement of intel
ligence.
Professor W. F. Durand, of the de
partment of Mechanical Engineering,
Professor E. C. Franklin, of the de
partment of Chemistry, Professor H.
F. Blichfeldt, of the department of
Mathematics, and Professor David L.
Webster, of the department of Phy
sics, will attend meetings of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences, of which
they are members, which will be held
in Washington, April 25-27. Profes
sor Blichfeldt will present a paper at
the meeting as will Professor Frank
lin who will read a paper on "Amino
Carbonic Acid" before the meeting
of the American 'Chemical Society
which will be held in Washington dur
ing the same period. Professor Du
rand and Professor Webster will also
attend the meetings of the National
Research Council in Washington and
of the American Philosophical Society
in Philadelphia.
Five members of the Stanford
faculty have gone East to attend vari
ous meetings of scientific organiza
tions. Professor L. M. Terman, of the
department of Education, during a
trip which will occupy between two
and three weeks, will attend meetings
of several organizations concerned
with education and psychology. He
will be present at sessions of the Di
vision of Anthropology and Psychology
of the National Research Council and
of ihe Committee on National Intelli
gence Tests, both in Washington D.C.
During the trip he will visit several
of the leading departments of edu
cation and psychology in eastern uni
versities. Professor Terman is an
authority in the measurement of intel
ligence.
Professor W. F. Durand, of the de
partment of Mechanical Engineering,
Professor E. C. Franklin, of the de
partment of Chemistry, Professor H.
F. Blichfeldt, of the department of
Mathematics, and Professor David L.
Webster, of the department of Phy
sics, will attend meetings of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences, of which
they are members, which will be held
in Washington, April 25-27. Profes
sor Blichfeldt will present a paper at
the meeting as will Professor Frank
lin who will read a paper on "Amino
Carbonic Acid" before the meeting
of the American 'Chemical Society
which will be held in Washington dur
ing the same period. Professor Du
rand and Professor Webster will also
attend the meetings of the National
Research Council in Washington and
of the American Philosophical Society
in Philadelphia.
Five members of the Stanford
faculty have gone East to attend vari
ous meetings of scientific organiza
tions. Professor L. M. Terman, of the
department of Education, during a
trip which will occupy between two
and three weeks, will attend meetings
of several organizations concerned
with education and psychology. He
will be present at sessions of the Di
vision of Anthropology and Psychology
of the National Research Council and
of ihe Committee on National Intelli
gence Tests, both in Washington D.C.
During the trip he will visit several
of the leading departments of edu
cation and psychology in eastern uni
versities. Professor Terman is an
authority in the measurement of intel
ligence.
Professor W. F. Durand, of the de
partment of Mechanical Engineering,
Professor E. C. Franklin, of the de
partment of Chemistry, Professor H.
F. Blichfeldt, of the department of
Mathematics, and Professor David L.
Webster, of the department of Phy
sics, will attend meetings of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences, of which
they are members, which will be held
in Washington, April 25-27. Profes
sor Blichfeldt will present a paper at
the meeting as will Professor Frank
lin who will read a paper on "Amino
Carbonic Acid" before the meeting
of the American 'Chemical Society
which will be held in Washington dur
ing the same period. Professor Du
rand and Professor Webster will also
attend the meetings of the National
Research Council in Washington and
of the American Philosophical Society
in Philadelphia.
Five members of the Stanford
faculty have gone East to attend vari
ous meetings of scientific organiza
tions. Professor L. M. Terman, of the
department of Education, during a
trip which will occupy between two
and three weeks, will attend meetings
of several organizations concerned
with education and psychology. He
will be present at sessions of the Di
vision of Anthropology and Psychology
of the National Research Council and
of ihe Committee on National Intelli
gence Tests, both in Washington D.C.
During the trip he will visit several
of the leading departments of edu
cation and psychology in eastern uni
versities. Professor Terman is an
authority in the measurement of intel
ligence.
Professor W. F. Durand, of the de
partment of Mechanical Engineering,
Professor E. C. Franklin, of the de
partment of Chemistry, Professor H.
F. Blichfeldt, of the department of
Mathematics, and Professor David L.
Webster, of the department of Phy
sics, will attend meetings of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences, of which
they are members, which will be held
in Washington, April 25-27. Profes
sor Blichfeldt will present a paper at
the meeting as will Professor Frank
lin who will read a paper on "Amino
Carbonic Acid" before the meeting
of the American 'Chemical Society
which will be held in Washington dur
ing the same period. Professor Du
rand and Professor Webster will also
attend the meetings of the National
Research Council in Washington and
of the American Philosophical Society
in Philadelphia.
Five members of the Stanford
faculty have gone East to attend vari
ous meetings of scientific organiza
tions. Professor L. M. Terman, of the
department of Education, during a
trip which will occupy between two
and three weeks, will attend meetings
of several organizations concerned
with education and psychology. He
will be present at sessions of the Di
vision of Anthropology and Psychology
of the National Research Council and
of ihe Committee on National Intelli
gence Tests, both in Washington D.C.
During the trip he will visit several
of the leading departments of edu
cation and psychology in eastern uni
versities. Professor Terman is an
authority in the measurement of intel
ligence.
Professor W. F. Durand, of the de
partment of Mechanical Engineering,
Professor E. C. Franklin, of the de
partment of Chemistry, Professor H.
F. Blichfeldt, of the department of
Mathematics, and Professor David L.
Webster, of the department of Phy
sics, will attend meetings of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences, of which
they are members, which will be held
in Washington, April 25-27. Profes
sor Blichfeldt will present a paper at
the meeting as will Professor Frank
lin who will read a paper on "Amino
Carbonic Acid" before the meeting
of the American 'Chemical Society
which will be held in Washington dur
ing the same period. Professor Du
rand and Professor Webster will also
attend the meetings of the National
Research Council in Washington and
of the American Philosophical Society
in Philadelphia.
Five members of the Stanford
faculty have gone East to attend vari
ous meetings of scientific organiza
tions. Professor L. M. Terman, of the
department of Education, during a
trip which will occupy between two
and three weeks, will attend meetings
of several organizations concerned
with education and psychology. He
will be present at sessions of the Di
vision of Anthropology and Psychology
of the National Research Council and
of ihe Committee on National Intelli
gence Tests, both in Washington D.C.
During the trip he will visit several
of the leading departments of edu
cation and psychology in eastern uni
versities. Professor Terman is an
authority in the measurement of intel
ligence.
Professor W. F. Durand, of the de
partment of Mechanical Engineering,
Professor E. C. Franklin, of the de
partment of Chemistry, Professor H.
F. Blichfeldt, of the department of
Mathematics, and Professor David L.
Webster, of the department of Phy
sics, will attend meetings of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences, of which
they are members, which will be held
in Washington, April 25-27. Profes
sor Blichfeldt will present a paper at
the meeting as will Professor Frank
lin who will read a paper on "Amino
Carbonic Acid" before the meeting
of the American 'Chemical Society
which will be held in Washington dur
ing the same period. Professor Du
rand and Professor Webster will also
attend the meetings of the National
Research Council in Washington and
of the American Philosophical Society
in Philadelphia.
