# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
Candidates Must
Turn In Statement
Statements for candidates
running- for any ASSU posi
tion must be turned into the
Daily by 5 p.m. today. State
ments turned in after this
date will not be considered.
Candidates Must
Turn In Statement
Statements for candidates
running- for any ASSU posi
tion must be turned into the
Daily by 5 p.m. today. State
ments turned in after this
date will not be considered.
Candidates Must
Turn In Statement
Statements for candidates
running- for any ASSU posi
tion must be turned into the
Daily by 5 p.m. today. State
ments turned in after this
date will not be considered.
Candidates Must
Turn In Statement
Statements for candidates
running- for any ASSU posi
tion must be turned into the
Daily by 5 p.m. today. State
ments turned in after this
date will not be considered.
Candidates Must
Turn In Statement
Statements for candidates
running- for any ASSU posi
tion must be turned into the
Daily by 5 p.m. today. State
ments turned in after this
date will not be considered.
Candidates Must
Turn In Statement
Statements for candidates
running- for any ASSU posi
tion must be turned into the
Daily by 5 p.m. today. State
ments turned in after this
date will not be considered.
Candidates Must
Turn In Statement
Statements for candidates
running- for any ASSU posi
tion must be turned into the
Daily by 5 p.m. today. State
ments turned in after this
date will not be considered.
Candidates Must
Turn In Statement
Statements for candidates
running- for any ASSU posi
tion must be turned into the
Daily by 5 p.m. today. State
ments turned in after this
date will not be considered.
Candidates Must
Turn In Statement
Statements for candidates
running- for any ASSU posi
tion must be turned into the
Daily by 5 p.m. today. State
ments turned in after this
date will not be considered.
Candidates Must
Turn In Statement
Statements for candidates
running- for any ASSU posi
tion must be turned into the
Daily by 5 p.m. today. State
ments turned in after this
date will not be considered.
Candidates Must
Turn In Statement
Statements for candidates
running- for any ASSU posi
tion must be turned into the
Daily by 5 p.m. today. State
ments turned in after this
date will not be considered.
Candidates Must
Turn In Statement
Statements for candidates
running- for any ASSU posi
tion must be turned into the
Daily by 5 p.m. today. State
ments turned in after this
date will not be considered.
Candidates Must
Turn In Statement
Statements for candidates
running- for any ASSU posi
tion must be turned into the
Daily by 5 p.m. today. State
ments turned in after this
date will not be considered.
Candidates Must
Turn In Statement
Statements for candidates
running- for any ASSU posi
tion must be turned into the
Daily by 5 p.m. today. State
ments turned in after this
date will not be considered.
Candidates Must
Turn In Statement
Statements for candidates
running- for any ASSU posi
tion must be turned into the
Daily by 5 p.m. today. State
ments turned in after this
date will not be considered.
Candidates Must
Turn In Statement
Statements for candidates
running- for any ASSU posi
tion must be turned into the
Daily by 5 p.m. today. State
ments turned in after this
date will not be considered.
Candidates Must
Turn In Statement
Statements for candidates
running- for any ASSU posi
tion must be turned into the
Daily by 5 p.m. today. State
ments turned in after this
date will not be considered.
