# Adv. 4 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
Romeo, Romeo, where
for art thou Romeo.
A great romance
between this guy and
some broad caused
quite a sensation a
few centuries ago.
What’s causing a
sensation today is
the way everyone is
courtin’ R/ A’s great
suits at 69.50. It’s
almost scandelous
how people run in
to buy, but come in
and see why.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
Romeo, Romeo, where
for art thou Romeo.
A great romance
between this guy and
some broad caused
quite a sensation a
few centuries ago.
What’s causing a
sensation today is
the way everyone is
courtin’ R/ A’s great
suits at 69.50. It’s
almost scandelous
how people run in
to buy, but come in
and see why.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
Romeo, Romeo, where
for art thou Romeo.
A great romance
between this guy and
some broad caused
quite a sensation a
few centuries ago.
What’s causing a
sensation today is
the way everyone is
courtin’ R/ A’s great
suits at 69.50. It’s
almost scandelous
how people run in
to buy, but come in
and see why.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
Romeo, Romeo, where
for art thou Romeo.
A great romance
between this guy and
some broad caused
quite a sensation a
few centuries ago.
What’s causing a
sensation today is
the way everyone is
courtin’ R/ A’s great
suits at 69.50. It’s
almost scandelous
how people run in
to buy, but come in
and see why.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
Romeo, Romeo, where
for art thou Romeo.
A great romance
between this guy and
some broad caused
quite a sensation a
few centuries ago.
What’s causing a
sensation today is
the way everyone is
courtin’ R/ A’s great
suits at 69.50. It’s
almost scandelous
how people run in
to buy, but come in
and see why.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
Romeo, Romeo, where
for art thou Romeo.
A great romance
between this guy and
some broad caused
quite a sensation a
few centuries ago.
What’s causing a
sensation today is
the way everyone is
courtin’ R/ A’s great
suits at 69.50. It’s
almost scandelous
how people run in
to buy, but come in
and see why.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
Romeo, Romeo, where
for art thou Romeo.
A great romance
between this guy and
some broad caused
quite a sensation a
few centuries ago.
What’s causing a
sensation today is
the way everyone is
courtin’ R/ A’s great
suits at 69.50. It’s
almost scandelous
how people run in
to buy, but come in
and see why.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
Romeo, Romeo, where
for art thou Romeo.
A great romance
between this guy and
some broad caused
quite a sensation a
few centuries ago.
What’s causing a
sensation today is
the way everyone is
courtin’ R/ A’s great
suits at 69.50. It’s
almost scandelous
how people run in
to buy, but come in
and see why.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
Romeo, Romeo, where
for art thou Romeo.
A great romance
between this guy and
some broad caused
quite a sensation a
few centuries ago.
What’s causing a
sensation today is
the way everyone is
courtin’ R/ A’s great
suits at 69.50. It’s
almost scandelous
how people run in
to buy, but come in
and see why.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
Romeo, Romeo, where
for art thou Romeo.
A great romance
between this guy and
some broad caused
quite a sensation a
few centuries ago.
What’s causing a
sensation today is
the way everyone is
courtin’ R/ A’s great
suits at 69.50. It’s
almost scandelous
how people run in
to buy, but come in
and see why.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
Romeo, Romeo, where
for art thou Romeo.
A great romance
between this guy and
some broad caused
quite a sensation a
few centuries ago.
What’s causing a
sensation today is
the way everyone is
courtin’ R/ A’s great
suits at 69.50. It’s
almost scandelous
how people run in
to buy, but come in
and see why.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
Romeo, Romeo, where
for art thou Romeo.
A great romance
between this guy and
some broad caused
quite a sensation a
few centuries ago.
What’s causing a
sensation today is
the way everyone is
courtin’ R/ A’s great
suits at 69.50. It’s
almost scandelous
how people run in
to buy, but come in
and see why.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
Romeo, Romeo, where
for art thou Romeo.
A great romance
between this guy and
some broad caused
quite a sensation a
few centuries ago.
What’s causing a
sensation today is
the way everyone is
courtin’ R/ A’s great
suits at 69.50. It’s
almost scandelous
how people run in
to buy, but come in
and see why.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
Romeo, Romeo, where
for art thou Romeo.
A great romance
between this guy and
some broad caused
quite a sensation a
few centuries ago.
What’s causing a
sensation today is
the way everyone is
courtin’ R/ A’s great
suits at 69.50. It’s
almost scandelous
how people run in
to buy, but come in
and see why.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
Romeo, Romeo, where
for art thou Romeo.
A great romance
between this guy and
some broad caused
quite a sensation a
few centuries ago.
What’s causing a
sensation today is
the way everyone is
courtin’ R/ A’s great
suits at 69.50. It’s
almost scandelous
how people run in
to buy, but come in
and see why.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
Romeo, Romeo, where
for art thou Romeo.
A great romance
between this guy and
some broad caused
quite a sensation a
few centuries ago.
What’s causing a
sensation today is
the way everyone is
courtin’ R/ A’s great
suits at 69.50. It’s
almost scandelous
how people run in
to buy, but come in
and see why.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
Romeo, Romeo, where
for art thou Romeo.
A great romance
between this guy and
some broad caused
quite a sensation a
few centuries ago.
What’s causing a
sensation today is
the way everyone is
courtin’ R/ A’s great
suits at 69.50. It’s
almost scandelous
how people run in
to buy, but come in
and see why.
rqos/atkins
