# Seats Still Left On SOIS Trip
## 
### 
Stanford Overseas Information
Service flights to Europe have
been confirmed by the Civil Aero
nautics Board and will operate as
previously planned.
There are still a limited number
of places available on these
flights and they will be sold on
a first come, first served basis
until May 1, according to George
Corfino, director of SOIS. These
flights are open only to Stanford
students, faculty, and staff and
their immediate families.
Stanford personnel have their
choice of flying from New York
to London or New York to Am
sterdam. Flights leav on June 19
or 21 and return on Sept. 6, 10,
and 13. The round trip price will
be about $3OO.
Tickets and information are
available at the SOIS office in the
HR Shack from 3:30 to 5:30 p.m.
