# Correction
## 
### 
I-Center talent tryouts will be
hold tonight at 7:30 in Room 35,
Cubberley, instead of yesterday
as reported in The Daily.
I-Center talent tryouts will be
hold tonight at 7:30 in Room 35,
Cubberley, instead of yesterday
as reported in The Daily.
I-Center talent tryouts will be
hold tonight at 7:30 in Room 35,
Cubberley, instead of yesterday
as reported in The Daily.
I-Center talent tryouts will be
hold tonight at 7:30 in Room 35,
Cubberley, instead of yesterday
as reported in The Daily.
I-Center talent tryouts will be
hold tonight at 7:30 in Room 35,
Cubberley, instead of yesterday
as reported in The Daily.
I-Center talent tryouts will be
hold tonight at 7:30 in Room 35,
Cubberley, instead of yesterday
as reported in The Daily.
I-Center talent tryouts will be
hold tonight at 7:30 in Room 35,
Cubberley, instead of yesterday
as reported in The Daily.
I-Center talent tryouts will be
hold tonight at 7:30 in Room 35,
Cubberley, instead of yesterday
as reported in The Daily.
I-Center talent tryouts will be
hold tonight at 7:30 in Room 35,
Cubberley, instead of yesterday
as reported in The Daily.
I-Center talent tryouts will be
hold tonight at 7:30 in Room 35,
Cubberley, instead of yesterday
as reported in The Daily.
I-Center talent tryouts will be
hold tonight at 7:30 in Room 35,
Cubberley, instead of yesterday
as reported in The Daily.
I-Center talent tryouts will be
hold tonight at 7:30 in Room 35,
Cubberley, instead of yesterday
as reported in The Daily.
I-Center talent tryouts will be
hold tonight at 7:30 in Room 35,
Cubberley, instead of yesterday
as reported in The Daily.
I-Center talent tryouts will be
hold tonight at 7:30 in Room 35,
Cubberley, instead of yesterday
as reported in The Daily.
I-Center talent tryouts will be
hold tonight at 7:30 in Room 35,
Cubberley, instead of yesterday
as reported in The Daily.
I-Center talent tryouts will be
hold tonight at 7:30 in Room 35,
Cubberley, instead of yesterday
as reported in The Daily.
I-Center talent tryouts will be
hold tonight at 7:30 in Room 35,
Cubberley, instead of yesterday
as reported in The Daily.
