# Untitled Article
## 
### 

FEASIBILITY OF BUILDING giant radio telescopes like the one diagramed above—with signal-catching
surfaces of around 90 acres that could be expanded further as research required—is being studied at
the Stanford Radio Astronomy Institute. The Radio Astronomy Institute now operates a 32-dish radio
telescope on Stanford's antenna farm, built by Prof. Ronald N. Bracewell with Air Force support. The
antenna farm" also has America's largest dish, a 150-foot, low-cost instrument built by Stanford
Research Institute.

FEASIBILITY OF BUILDING giant radio telescopes like the one diagramed above—with signal-catching
surfaces of around 90 acres that could be expanded further as research required—is being studied at
the Stanford Radio Astronomy Institute. The Radio Astronomy Institute now operates a 32-dish radio
telescope on Stanford's antenna farm, built by Prof. Ronald N. Bracewell with Air Force support. The
antenna farm" also has America's largest dish, a 150-foot, low-cost instrument built by Stanford
Research Institute.

FEASIBILITY OF BUILDING giant radio telescopes like the one diagramed above—with signal-catching
surfaces of around 90 acres that could be expanded further as research required—is being studied at
the Stanford Radio Astronomy Institute. The Radio Astronomy Institute now operates a 32-dish radio
telescope on Stanford's antenna farm, built by Prof. Ronald N. Bracewell with Air Force support. The
antenna farm" also has America's largest dish, a 150-foot, low-cost instrument built by Stanford
Research Institute.

FEASIBILITY OF BUILDING giant radio telescopes like the one diagramed above—with signal-catching
surfaces of around 90 acres that could be expanded further as research required—is being studied at
the Stanford Radio Astronomy Institute. The Radio Astronomy Institute now operates a 32-dish radio
telescope on Stanford's antenna farm, built by Prof. Ronald N. Bracewell with Air Force support. The
antenna farm" also has America's largest dish, a 150-foot, low-cost instrument built by Stanford
Research Institute.

FEASIBILITY OF BUILDING giant radio telescopes like the one diagramed above—with signal-catching
surfaces of around 90 acres that could be expanded further as research required—is being studied at
the Stanford Radio Astronomy Institute. The Radio Astronomy Institute now operates a 32-dish radio
telescope on Stanford's antenna farm, built by Prof. Ronald N. Bracewell with Air Force support. The
antenna farm" also has America's largest dish, a 150-foot, low-cost instrument built by Stanford
Research Institute.

FEASIBILITY OF BUILDING giant radio telescopes like the one diagramed above—with signal-catching
surfaces of around 90 acres that could be expanded further as research required—is being studied at
the Stanford Radio Astronomy Institute. The Radio Astronomy Institute now operates a 32-dish radio
telescope on Stanford's antenna farm, built by Prof. Ronald N. Bracewell with Air Force support. The
antenna farm" also has America's largest dish, a 150-foot, low-cost instrument built by Stanford
Research Institute.

FEASIBILITY OF BUILDING giant radio telescopes like the one diagramed above—with signal-catching
surfaces of around 90 acres that could be expanded further as research required—is being studied at
the Stanford Radio Astronomy Institute. The Radio Astronomy Institute now operates a 32-dish radio
telescope on Stanford's antenna farm, built by Prof. Ronald N. Bracewell with Air Force support. The
antenna farm" also has America's largest dish, a 150-foot, low-cost instrument built by Stanford
Research Institute.

FEASIBILITY OF BUILDING giant radio telescopes like the one diagramed above—with signal-catching
surfaces of around 90 acres that could be expanded further as research required—is being studied at
the Stanford Radio Astronomy Institute. The Radio Astronomy Institute now operates a 32-dish radio
telescope on Stanford's antenna farm, built by Prof. Ronald N. Bracewell with Air Force support. The
antenna farm" also has America's largest dish, a 150-foot, low-cost instrument built by Stanford
Research Institute.

FEASIBILITY OF BUILDING giant radio telescopes like the one diagramed above—with signal-catching
surfaces of around 90 acres that could be expanded further as research required—is being studied at
the Stanford Radio Astronomy Institute. The Radio Astronomy Institute now operates a 32-dish radio
telescope on Stanford's antenna farm, built by Prof. Ronald N. Bracewell with Air Force support. The
antenna farm" also has America's largest dish, a 150-foot, low-cost instrument built by Stanford
Research Institute.

FEASIBILITY OF BUILDING giant radio telescopes like the one diagramed above—with signal-catching
surfaces of around 90 acres that could be expanded further as research required—is being studied at
the Stanford Radio Astronomy Institute. The Radio Astronomy Institute now operates a 32-dish radio
telescope on Stanford's antenna farm, built by Prof. Ronald N. Bracewell with Air Force support. The
antenna farm" also has America's largest dish, a 150-foot, low-cost instrument built by Stanford
Research Institute.

FEASIBILITY OF BUILDING giant radio telescopes like the one diagramed above—with signal-catching
surfaces of around 90 acres that could be expanded further as research required—is being studied at
the Stanford Radio Astronomy Institute. The Radio Astronomy Institute now operates a 32-dish radio
telescope on Stanford's antenna farm, built by Prof. Ronald N. Bracewell with Air Force support. The
antenna farm" also has America's largest dish, a 150-foot, low-cost instrument built by Stanford
Research Institute.

FEASIBILITY OF BUILDING giant radio telescopes like the one diagramed above—with signal-catching
surfaces of around 90 acres that could be expanded further as research required—is being studied at
the Stanford Radio Astronomy Institute. The Radio Astronomy Institute now operates a 32-dish radio
telescope on Stanford's antenna farm, built by Prof. Ronald N. Bracewell with Air Force support. The
antenna farm" also has America's largest dish, a 150-foot, low-cost instrument built by Stanford
Research Institute.

FEASIBILITY OF BUILDING giant radio telescopes like the one diagramed above—with signal-catching
surfaces of around 90 acres that could be expanded further as research required—is being studied at
the Stanford Radio Astronomy Institute. The Radio Astronomy Institute now operates a 32-dish radio
telescope on Stanford's antenna farm, built by Prof. Ronald N. Bracewell with Air Force support. The
antenna farm" also has America's largest dish, a 150-foot, low-cost instrument built by Stanford
Research Institute.

FEASIBILITY OF BUILDING giant radio telescopes like the one diagramed above—with signal-catching
surfaces of around 90 acres that could be expanded further as research required—is being studied at
the Stanford Radio Astronomy Institute. The Radio Astronomy Institute now operates a 32-dish radio
telescope on Stanford's antenna farm, built by Prof. Ronald N. Bracewell with Air Force support. The
antenna farm" also has America's largest dish, a 150-foot, low-cost instrument built by Stanford
Research Institute.

FEASIBILITY OF BUILDING giant radio telescopes like the one diagramed above—with signal-catching
surfaces of around 90 acres that could be expanded further as research required—is being studied at
the Stanford Radio Astronomy Institute. The Radio Astronomy Institute now operates a 32-dish radio
telescope on Stanford's antenna farm, built by Prof. Ronald N. Bracewell with Air Force support. The
antenna farm" also has America's largest dish, a 150-foot, low-cost instrument built by Stanford
Research Institute.

FEASIBILITY OF BUILDING giant radio telescopes like the one diagramed above—with signal-catching
surfaces of around 90 acres that could be expanded further as research required—is being studied at
the Stanford Radio Astronomy Institute. The Radio Astronomy Institute now operates a 32-dish radio
telescope on Stanford's antenna farm, built by Prof. Ronald N. Bracewell with Air Force support. The
antenna farm" also has America's largest dish, a 150-foot, low-cost instrument built by Stanford
Research Institute.

FEASIBILITY OF BUILDING giant radio telescopes like the one diagramed above—with signal-catching
surfaces of around 90 acres that could be expanded further as research required—is being studied at
the Stanford Radio Astronomy Institute. The Radio Astronomy Institute now operates a 32-dish radio
telescope on Stanford's antenna farm, built by Prof. Ronald N. Bracewell with Air Force support. The
antenna farm" also has America's largest dish, a 150-foot, low-cost instrument built by Stanford
Research Institute.
