# Stanford Fencers Lose To Y.M.C.A.
## 
### 
Stanford's junior foils team was
defeated 5-3 by the San Francisco
Y.M.C.A. team in a match at the
Funke's Fencing Academy Friday
night. This defeat eliminates Stan
ford from the Junior P'oils Tourna
ment being held in San Francisco.
Earlier in the evening the Farm
team, Edwin Woods, John De Bene
detti, Herbert Wooley, and Mertin
Davies, swamped the Cal Juniors
5-0.
Stanford's junior foils team was
defeated 5-3 by the San Francisco
Y.M.C.A. team in a match at the
Funke's Fencing Academy Friday
night. This defeat eliminates Stan
ford from the Junior P'oils Tourna
ment being held in San Francisco.
Earlier in the evening the Farm
team, Edwin Woods, John De Bene
detti, Herbert Wooley, and Mertin
Davies, swamped the Cal Juniors
5-0.
Stanford's junior foils team was
defeated 5-3 by the San Francisco
Y.M.C.A. team in a match at the
Funke's Fencing Academy Friday
night. This defeat eliminates Stan
ford from the Junior P'oils Tourna
ment being held in San Francisco.
Earlier in the evening the Farm
team, Edwin Woods, John De Bene
detti, Herbert Wooley, and Mertin
Davies, swamped the Cal Juniors
5-0.
Stanford's junior foils team was
defeated 5-3 by the San Francisco
Y.M.C.A. team in a match at the
Funke's Fencing Academy Friday
night. This defeat eliminates Stan
ford from the Junior P'oils Tourna
ment being held in San Francisco.
Earlier in the evening the Farm
team, Edwin Woods, John De Bene
detti, Herbert Wooley, and Mertin
Davies, swamped the Cal Juniors
5-0.
Stanford's junior foils team was
defeated 5-3 by the San Francisco
Y.M.C.A. team in a match at the
Funke's Fencing Academy Friday
night. This defeat eliminates Stan
ford from the Junior P'oils Tourna
ment being held in San Francisco.
Earlier in the evening the Farm
team, Edwin Woods, John De Bene
detti, Herbert Wooley, and Mertin
Davies, swamped the Cal Juniors
5-0.
Stanford's junior foils team was
defeated 5-3 by the San Francisco
Y.M.C.A. team in a match at the
Funke's Fencing Academy Friday
night. This defeat eliminates Stan
ford from the Junior P'oils Tourna
ment being held in San Francisco.
Earlier in the evening the Farm
team, Edwin Woods, John De Bene
detti, Herbert Wooley, and Mertin
Davies, swamped the Cal Juniors
5-0.
Stanford's junior foils team was
defeated 5-3 by the San Francisco
Y.M.C.A. team in a match at the
Funke's Fencing Academy Friday
night. This defeat eliminates Stan
ford from the Junior P'oils Tourna
ment being held in San Francisco.
Earlier in the evening the Farm
team, Edwin Woods, John De Bene
detti, Herbert Wooley, and Mertin
Davies, swamped the Cal Juniors
5-0.
Stanford's junior foils team was
defeated 5-3 by the San Francisco
Y.M.C.A. team in a match at the
Funke's Fencing Academy Friday
night. This defeat eliminates Stan
ford from the Junior P'oils Tourna
ment being held in San Francisco.
Earlier in the evening the Farm
team, Edwin Woods, John De Bene
detti, Herbert Wooley, and Mertin
Davies, swamped the Cal Juniors
5-0.
Stanford's junior foils team was
defeated 5-3 by the San Francisco
Y.M.C.A. team in a match at the
Funke's Fencing Academy Friday
night. This defeat eliminates Stan
ford from the Junior P'oils Tourna
ment being held in San Francisco.
Earlier in the evening the Farm
team, Edwin Woods, John De Bene
detti, Herbert Wooley, and Mertin
Davies, swamped the Cal Juniors
5-0.
Stanford's junior foils team was
defeated 5-3 by the San Francisco
Y.M.C.A. team in a match at the
Funke's Fencing Academy Friday
night. This defeat eliminates Stan
ford from the Junior P'oils Tourna
ment being held in San Francisco.
Earlier in the evening the Farm
team, Edwin Woods, John De Bene
detti, Herbert Wooley, and Mertin
Davies, swamped the Cal Juniors
5-0.
Stanford's junior foils team was
defeated 5-3 by the San Francisco
Y.M.C.A. team in a match at the
Funke's Fencing Academy Friday
night. This defeat eliminates Stan
ford from the Junior P'oils Tourna
ment being held in San Francisco.
Earlier in the evening the Farm
team, Edwin Woods, John De Bene
detti, Herbert Wooley, and Mertin
Davies, swamped the Cal Juniors
5-0.
Stanford's junior foils team was
defeated 5-3 by the San Francisco
Y.M.C.A. team in a match at the
Funke's Fencing Academy Friday
night. This defeat eliminates Stan
ford from the Junior P'oils Tourna
ment being held in San Francisco.
Earlier in the evening the Farm
team, Edwin Woods, John De Bene
detti, Herbert Wooley, and Mertin
Davies, swamped the Cal Juniors
5-0.
Stanford's junior foils team was
defeated 5-3 by the San Francisco
Y.M.C.A. team in a match at the
Funke's Fencing Academy Friday
night. This defeat eliminates Stan
ford from the Junior P'oils Tourna
ment being held in San Francisco.
Earlier in the evening the Farm
team, Edwin Woods, John De Bene
detti, Herbert Wooley, and Mertin
Davies, swamped the Cal Juniors
5-0.
Stanford's junior foils team was
defeated 5-3 by the San Francisco
Y.M.C.A. team in a match at the
Funke's Fencing Academy Friday
night. This defeat eliminates Stan
ford from the Junior P'oils Tourna
ment being held in San Francisco.
Earlier in the evening the Farm
team, Edwin Woods, John De Bene
detti, Herbert Wooley, and Mertin
Davies, swamped the Cal Juniors
5-0.
Stanford's junior foils team was
defeated 5-3 by the San Francisco
Y.M.C.A. team in a match at the
Funke's Fencing Academy Friday
night. This defeat eliminates Stan
ford from the Junior P'oils Tourna
ment being held in San Francisco.
Earlier in the evening the Farm
team, Edwin Woods, John De Bene
detti, Herbert Wooley, and Mertin
Davies, swamped the Cal Juniors
5-0.
