# U. S. To Ignore Nippon Sea Policy
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (UP). —
The United States will ignore any
overtures from Japan to halt the in
ternational naval building race, a
high administration official indicated
tonight.
It was said that Japan's recent
blunt refusal to divulge her build
ing plans eliminated any possibility
of the United States agreeing to a
world arms limitation conference, at
least until President Roosevelt's ex
pansion program gets underway.
Referring to Japanese foreign
Minister Koki Hirota's reported
statement that Japan has no inten
tion of joining a navy race and
hopes to "stop such a race by appeal
ing to the powers' sense of fairness
and justice," the official said the
United States is not in position to
enter an agreement.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (UP). —
The United States will ignore any
overtures from Japan to halt the in
ternational naval building race, a
high administration official indicated
tonight.
It was said that Japan's recent
blunt refusal to divulge her build
ing plans eliminated any possibility
of the United States agreeing to a
world arms limitation conference, at
least until President Roosevelt's ex
pansion program gets underway.
Referring to Japanese foreign
Minister Koki Hirota's reported
statement that Japan has no inten
tion of joining a navy race and
hopes to "stop such a race by appeal
ing to the powers' sense of fairness
and justice," the official said the
United States is not in position to
enter an agreement.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (UP). —
The United States will ignore any
overtures from Japan to halt the in
ternational naval building race, a
high administration official indicated
tonight.
It was said that Japan's recent
blunt refusal to divulge her build
ing plans eliminated any possibility
of the United States agreeing to a
world arms limitation conference, at
least until President Roosevelt's ex
pansion program gets underway.
Referring to Japanese foreign
Minister Koki Hirota's reported
statement that Japan has no inten
tion of joining a navy race and
hopes to "stop such a race by appeal
ing to the powers' sense of fairness
and justice," the official said the
United States is not in position to
enter an agreement.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (UP). —
The United States will ignore any
overtures from Japan to halt the in
ternational naval building race, a
high administration official indicated
tonight.
It was said that Japan's recent
blunt refusal to divulge her build
ing plans eliminated any possibility
of the United States agreeing to a
world arms limitation conference, at
least until President Roosevelt's ex
pansion program gets underway.
Referring to Japanese foreign
Minister Koki Hirota's reported
statement that Japan has no inten
tion of joining a navy race and
hopes to "stop such a race by appeal
ing to the powers' sense of fairness
and justice," the official said the
United States is not in position to
enter an agreement.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (UP). —
The United States will ignore any
overtures from Japan to halt the in
ternational naval building race, a
high administration official indicated
tonight.
It was said that Japan's recent
blunt refusal to divulge her build
ing plans eliminated any possibility
of the United States agreeing to a
world arms limitation conference, at
least until President Roosevelt's ex
pansion program gets underway.
Referring to Japanese foreign
Minister Koki Hirota's reported
statement that Japan has no inten
tion of joining a navy race and
hopes to "stop such a race by appeal
ing to the powers' sense of fairness
and justice," the official said the
United States is not in position to
enter an agreement.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (UP). —
The United States will ignore any
overtures from Japan to halt the in
ternational naval building race, a
high administration official indicated
tonight.
It was said that Japan's recent
blunt refusal to divulge her build
ing plans eliminated any possibility
of the United States agreeing to a
world arms limitation conference, at
least until President Roosevelt's ex
pansion program gets underway.
Referring to Japanese foreign
Minister Koki Hirota's reported
statement that Japan has no inten
tion of joining a navy race and
hopes to "stop such a race by appeal
ing to the powers' sense of fairness
and justice," the official said the
United States is not in position to
enter an agreement.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (UP). —
The United States will ignore any
overtures from Japan to halt the in
ternational naval building race, a
high administration official indicated
tonight.
It was said that Japan's recent
blunt refusal to divulge her build
ing plans eliminated any possibility
of the United States agreeing to a
world arms limitation conference, at
least until President Roosevelt's ex
pansion program gets underway.
Referring to Japanese foreign
Minister Koki Hirota's reported
statement that Japan has no inten
tion of joining a navy race and
hopes to "stop such a race by appeal
ing to the powers' sense of fairness
and justice," the official said the
United States is not in position to
enter an agreement.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (UP). —
The United States will ignore any
overtures from Japan to halt the in
ternational naval building race, a
high administration official indicated
tonight.
It was said that Japan's recent
blunt refusal to divulge her build
ing plans eliminated any possibility
of the United States agreeing to a
world arms limitation conference, at
least until President Roosevelt's ex
pansion program gets underway.
Referring to Japanese foreign
Minister Koki Hirota's reported
statement that Japan has no inten
tion of joining a navy race and
hopes to "stop such a race by appeal
ing to the powers' sense of fairness
and justice," the official said the
United States is not in position to
enter an agreement.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (UP). —
The United States will ignore any
overtures from Japan to halt the in
ternational naval building race, a
high administration official indicated
tonight.
It was said that Japan's recent
blunt refusal to divulge her build
ing plans eliminated any possibility
of the United States agreeing to a
world arms limitation conference, at
least until President Roosevelt's ex
pansion program gets underway.
Referring to Japanese foreign
Minister Koki Hirota's reported
statement that Japan has no inten
tion of joining a navy race and
hopes to "stop such a race by appeal
ing to the powers' sense of fairness
and justice," the official said the
United States is not in position to
enter an agreement.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (UP). —
The United States will ignore any
overtures from Japan to halt the in
ternational naval building race, a
high administration official indicated
tonight.
It was said that Japan's recent
blunt refusal to divulge her build
ing plans eliminated any possibility
of the United States agreeing to a
world arms limitation conference, at
least until President Roosevelt's ex
pansion program gets underway.
Referring to Japanese foreign
Minister Koki Hirota's reported
statement that Japan has no inten
tion of joining a navy race and
hopes to "stop such a race by appeal
ing to the powers' sense of fairness
and justice," the official said the
United States is not in position to
enter an agreement.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (UP). —
The United States will ignore any
overtures from Japan to halt the in
ternational naval building race, a
high administration official indicated
tonight.
It was said that Japan's recent
blunt refusal to divulge her build
ing plans eliminated any possibility
of the United States agreeing to a
world arms limitation conference, at
least until President Roosevelt's ex
pansion program gets underway.
Referring to Japanese foreign
Minister Koki Hirota's reported
statement that Japan has no inten
tion of joining a navy race and
hopes to "stop such a race by appeal
ing to the powers' sense of fairness
and justice," the official said the
United States is not in position to
enter an agreement.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (UP). —
The United States will ignore any
overtures from Japan to halt the in
ternational naval building race, a
high administration official indicated
tonight.
It was said that Japan's recent
blunt refusal to divulge her build
ing plans eliminated any possibility
of the United States agreeing to a
world arms limitation conference, at
least until President Roosevelt's ex
pansion program gets underway.
Referring to Japanese foreign
Minister Koki Hirota's reported
statement that Japan has no inten
tion of joining a navy race and
hopes to "stop such a race by appeal
ing to the powers' sense of fairness
and justice," the official said the
United States is not in position to
enter an agreement.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (UP). —
The United States will ignore any
overtures from Japan to halt the in
ternational naval building race, a
high administration official indicated
tonight.
It was said that Japan's recent
blunt refusal to divulge her build
ing plans eliminated any possibility
of the United States agreeing to a
world arms limitation conference, at
least until President Roosevelt's ex
pansion program gets underway.
Referring to Japanese foreign
Minister Koki Hirota's reported
statement that Japan has no inten
tion of joining a navy race and
hopes to "stop such a race by appeal
ing to the powers' sense of fairness
and justice," the official said the
United States is not in position to
enter an agreement.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (UP). —
The United States will ignore any
overtures from Japan to halt the in
ternational naval building race, a
high administration official indicated
tonight.
It was said that Japan's recent
blunt refusal to divulge her build
ing plans eliminated any possibility
of the United States agreeing to a
world arms limitation conference, at
least until President Roosevelt's ex
pansion program gets underway.
Referring to Japanese foreign
Minister Koki Hirota's reported
statement that Japan has no inten
tion of joining a navy race and
hopes to "stop such a race by appeal
ing to the powers' sense of fairness
and justice," the official said the
United States is not in position to
enter an agreement.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (UP). —
The United States will ignore any
overtures from Japan to halt the in
ternational naval building race, a
high administration official indicated
tonight.
It was said that Japan's recent
blunt refusal to divulge her build
ing plans eliminated any possibility
of the United States agreeing to a
world arms limitation conference, at
least until President Roosevelt's ex
pansion program gets underway.
Referring to Japanese foreign
Minister Koki Hirota's reported
statement that Japan has no inten
tion of joining a navy race and
hopes to "stop such a race by appeal
ing to the powers' sense of fairness
and justice," the official said the
United States is not in position to
enter an agreement.
