# Artists Display Wares
## 
### 
Paintings, pottery and sculpture
by artists associated with the Gal
lery House of Ladera are on ex
hibit through July 15 at Tresidder
Memorial Union.
The work of 19 local artists, in
cluding sculptor Robert Gronen
dyke, is represented in the show.
Since the collection appears with
out a theme, visitors are encour
aged to discover one to their in
dividual tastes.
The all student Cultural Arts
Division is sponsoring the present
display. Tresidder hours are 8:30
a.m, to 11 p.m. Sunday through
Thursday and 8 a.m. to 12:30 a.m.
over the weekend.
Paintings, pottery and sculpture
by artists associated with the Gal
lery House of Ladera are on ex
hibit through July 15 at Tresidder
Memorial Union.
The work of 19 local artists, in
cluding sculptor Robert Gronen
dyke, is represented in the show.
Since the collection appears with
out a theme, visitors are encour
aged to discover one to their in
dividual tastes.
The all student Cultural Arts
Division is sponsoring the present
display. Tresidder hours are 8:30
a.m, to 11 p.m. Sunday through
Thursday and 8 a.m. to 12:30 a.m.
over the weekend.
Paintings, pottery and sculpture
by artists associated with the Gal
lery House of Ladera are on ex
hibit through July 15 at Tresidder
Memorial Union.
The work of 19 local artists, in
cluding sculptor Robert Gronen
dyke, is represented in the show.
Since the collection appears with
out a theme, visitors are encour
aged to discover one to their in
dividual tastes.
The all student Cultural Arts
Division is sponsoring the present
display. Tresidder hours are 8:30
a.m, to 11 p.m. Sunday through
Thursday and 8 a.m. to 12:30 a.m.
over the weekend.
Paintings, pottery and sculpture
by artists associated with the Gal
lery House of Ladera are on ex
hibit through July 15 at Tresidder
Memorial Union.
The work of 19 local artists, in
cluding sculptor Robert Gronen
dyke, is represented in the show.
Since the collection appears with
out a theme, visitors are encour
aged to discover one to their in
dividual tastes.
The all student Cultural Arts
Division is sponsoring the present
display. Tresidder hours are 8:30
a.m, to 11 p.m. Sunday through
Thursday and 8 a.m. to 12:30 a.m.
over the weekend.
Paintings, pottery and sculpture
by artists associated with the Gal
lery House of Ladera are on ex
hibit through July 15 at Tresidder
Memorial Union.
The work of 19 local artists, in
cluding sculptor Robert Gronen
dyke, is represented in the show.
Since the collection appears with
out a theme, visitors are encour
aged to discover one to their in
dividual tastes.
The all student Cultural Arts
Division is sponsoring the present
display. Tresidder hours are 8:30
a.m, to 11 p.m. Sunday through
Thursday and 8 a.m. to 12:30 a.m.
over the weekend.
Paintings, pottery and sculpture
by artists associated with the Gal
lery House of Ladera are on ex
hibit through July 15 at Tresidder
Memorial Union.
The work of 19 local artists, in
cluding sculptor Robert Gronen
dyke, is represented in the show.
Since the collection appears with
out a theme, visitors are encour
aged to discover one to their in
dividual tastes.
The all student Cultural Arts
Division is sponsoring the present
display. Tresidder hours are 8:30
a.m, to 11 p.m. Sunday through
Thursday and 8 a.m. to 12:30 a.m.
over the weekend.
Paintings, pottery and sculpture
by artists associated with the Gal
lery House of Ladera are on ex
hibit through July 15 at Tresidder
Memorial Union.
The work of 19 local artists, in
cluding sculptor Robert Gronen
dyke, is represented in the show.
Since the collection appears with
out a theme, visitors are encour
aged to discover one to their in
dividual tastes.
The all student Cultural Arts
Division is sponsoring the present
display. Tresidder hours are 8:30
a.m, to 11 p.m. Sunday through
Thursday and 8 a.m. to 12:30 a.m.
over the weekend.
Paintings, pottery and sculpture
by artists associated with the Gal
lery House of Ladera are on ex
hibit through July 15 at Tresidder
Memorial Union.
The work of 19 local artists, in
cluding sculptor Robert Gronen
dyke, is represented in the show.
Since the collection appears with
out a theme, visitors are encour
aged to discover one to their in
dividual tastes.
The all student Cultural Arts
Division is sponsoring the present
display. Tresidder hours are 8:30
a.m, to 11 p.m. Sunday through
Thursday and 8 a.m. to 12:30 a.m.
over the weekend.
Paintings, pottery and sculpture
by artists associated with the Gal
lery House of Ladera are on ex
hibit through July 15 at Tresidder
Memorial Union.
The work of 19 local artists, in
cluding sculptor Robert Gronen
dyke, is represented in the show.
Since the collection appears with
out a theme, visitors are encour
aged to discover one to their in
dividual tastes.
The all student Cultural Arts
Division is sponsoring the present
display. Tresidder hours are 8:30
a.m, to 11 p.m. Sunday through
Thursday and 8 a.m. to 12:30 a.m.
over the weekend.
Paintings, pottery and sculpture
by artists associated with the Gal
lery House of Ladera are on ex
hibit through July 15 at Tresidder
Memorial Union.
The work of 19 local artists, in
cluding sculptor Robert Gronen
dyke, is represented in the show.
Since the collection appears with
out a theme, visitors are encour
aged to discover one to their in
dividual tastes.
The all student Cultural Arts
Division is sponsoring the present
display. Tresidder hours are 8:30
a.m, to 11 p.m. Sunday through
Thursday and 8 a.m. to 12:30 a.m.
over the weekend.
Paintings, pottery and sculpture
by artists associated with the Gal
lery House of Ladera are on ex
hibit through July 15 at Tresidder
Memorial Union.
The work of 19 local artists, in
cluding sculptor Robert Gronen
dyke, is represented in the show.
Since the collection appears with
out a theme, visitors are encour
aged to discover one to their in
dividual tastes.
The all student Cultural Arts
Division is sponsoring the present
display. Tresidder hours are 8:30
a.m, to 11 p.m. Sunday through
Thursday and 8 a.m. to 12:30 a.m.
over the weekend.
Paintings, pottery and sculpture
by artists associated with the Gal
lery House of Ladera are on ex
hibit through July 15 at Tresidder
Memorial Union.
The work of 19 local artists, in
cluding sculptor Robert Gronen
dyke, is represented in the show.
Since the collection appears with
out a theme, visitors are encour
aged to discover one to their in
dividual tastes.
The all student Cultural Arts
Division is sponsoring the present
display. Tresidder hours are 8:30
a.m, to 11 p.m. Sunday through
Thursday and 8 a.m. to 12:30 a.m.
over the weekend.
Paintings, pottery and sculpture
by artists associated with the Gal
lery House of Ladera are on ex
hibit through July 15 at Tresidder
Memorial Union.
The work of 19 local artists, in
cluding sculptor Robert Gronen
dyke, is represented in the show.
Since the collection appears with
out a theme, visitors are encour
aged to discover one to their in
dividual tastes.
The all student Cultural Arts
Division is sponsoring the present
display. Tresidder hours are 8:30
a.m, to 11 p.m. Sunday through
Thursday and 8 a.m. to 12:30 a.m.
over the weekend.
Paintings, pottery and sculpture
by artists associated with the Gal
lery House of Ladera are on ex
hibit through July 15 at Tresidder
Memorial Union.
The work of 19 local artists, in
cluding sculptor Robert Gronen
dyke, is represented in the show.
Since the collection appears with
out a theme, visitors are encour
aged to discover one to their in
dividual tastes.
The all student Cultural Arts
Division is sponsoring the present
display. Tresidder hours are 8:30
a.m, to 11 p.m. Sunday through
Thursday and 8 a.m. to 12:30 a.m.
over the weekend.
