# Lozabnick Cancels ASSU Excom Meet
## 
### 
The Executive Committee's reg
ular weekly meeting scheduled
for last night was canceled late
yesterday because reports which
were scheduled for presentation
to Excom members had not been
completed in time.
The Executive Committee's reg
ular weekly meeting scheduled
for last night was canceled late
yesterday because reports which
were scheduled for presentation
to Excom members had not been
completed in time.
The Executive Committee's reg
ular weekly meeting scheduled
for last night was canceled late
yesterday because reports which
were scheduled for presentation
to Excom members had not been
completed in time.
The Executive Committee's reg
ular weekly meeting scheduled
for last night was canceled late
yesterday because reports which
were scheduled for presentation
to Excom members had not been
completed in time.
The Executive Committee's reg
ular weekly meeting scheduled
for last night was canceled late
yesterday because reports which
were scheduled for presentation
to Excom members had not been
completed in time.
The Executive Committee's reg
ular weekly meeting scheduled
for last night was canceled late
yesterday because reports which
were scheduled for presentation
to Excom members had not been
completed in time.
The Executive Committee's reg
ular weekly meeting scheduled
for last night was canceled late
yesterday because reports which
were scheduled for presentation
to Excom members had not been
completed in time.
The Executive Committee's reg
ular weekly meeting scheduled
for last night was canceled late
yesterday because reports which
were scheduled for presentation
to Excom members had not been
completed in time.
The Executive Committee's reg
ular weekly meeting scheduled
for last night was canceled late
yesterday because reports which
were scheduled for presentation
to Excom members had not been
completed in time.
The Executive Committee's reg
ular weekly meeting scheduled
for last night was canceled late
yesterday because reports which
were scheduled for presentation
to Excom members had not been
completed in time.
The Executive Committee's reg
ular weekly meeting scheduled
for last night was canceled late
yesterday because reports which
were scheduled for presentation
to Excom members had not been
completed in time.
The Executive Committee's reg
ular weekly meeting scheduled
for last night was canceled late
yesterday because reports which
were scheduled for presentation
to Excom members had not been
completed in time.
The Executive Committee's reg
ular weekly meeting scheduled
for last night was canceled late
yesterday because reports which
were scheduled for presentation
to Excom members had not been
completed in time.
The Executive Committee's reg
ular weekly meeting scheduled
for last night was canceled late
yesterday because reports which
were scheduled for presentation
to Excom members had not been
completed in time.
