# A 						Phi O Shelter Cost Misquoted
## 
### 
The final cost of the new pedes
trian rides shelter at the south end
of Palm Drive was $588, not $1,200
as previously reported to The Daily
;irul indicated by yesterday's Buil
Session.
Informatioh Oflice director Pete
Allen pointed out that although the
cost estimate on the project sub
mitted by Stanford's Corp Yard,
contractors for the job, was $1,250,
changes in the plans reduced the
final price to $588.
The final cost of the new pedes
trian rides shelter at the south end
of Palm Drive was $588, not $1,200
as previously reported to The Daily
;irul indicated by yesterday's Buil
Session.
Informatioh Oflice director Pete
Allen pointed out that although the
cost estimate on the project sub
mitted by Stanford's Corp Yard,
contractors for the job, was $1,250,
changes in the plans reduced the
final price to $588.
The final cost of the new pedes
trian rides shelter at the south end
of Palm Drive was $588, not $1,200
as previously reported to The Daily
;irul indicated by yesterday's Buil
Session.
Informatioh Oflice director Pete
Allen pointed out that although the
cost estimate on the project sub
mitted by Stanford's Corp Yard,
contractors for the job, was $1,250,
changes in the plans reduced the
final price to $588.
The final cost of the new pedes
trian rides shelter at the south end
of Palm Drive was $588, not $1,200
as previously reported to The Daily
;irul indicated by yesterday's Buil
Session.
Informatioh Oflice director Pete
Allen pointed out that although the
cost estimate on the project sub
mitted by Stanford's Corp Yard,
contractors for the job, was $1,250,
changes in the plans reduced the
final price to $588.
The final cost of the new pedes
trian rides shelter at the south end
of Palm Drive was $588, not $1,200
as previously reported to The Daily
;irul indicated by yesterday's Buil
Session.
Informatioh Oflice director Pete
Allen pointed out that although the
cost estimate on the project sub
mitted by Stanford's Corp Yard,
contractors for the job, was $1,250,
changes in the plans reduced the
final price to $588.
The final cost of the new pedes
trian rides shelter at the south end
of Palm Drive was $588, not $1,200
as previously reported to The Daily
;irul indicated by yesterday's Buil
Session.
Informatioh Oflice director Pete
Allen pointed out that although the
cost estimate on the project sub
mitted by Stanford's Corp Yard,
contractors for the job, was $1,250,
changes in the plans reduced the
final price to $588.
The final cost of the new pedes
trian rides shelter at the south end
of Palm Drive was $588, not $1,200
as previously reported to The Daily
;irul indicated by yesterday's Buil
Session.
Informatioh Oflice director Pete
Allen pointed out that although the
cost estimate on the project sub
mitted by Stanford's Corp Yard,
contractors for the job, was $1,250,
changes in the plans reduced the
final price to $588.
The final cost of the new pedes
trian rides shelter at the south end
of Palm Drive was $588, not $1,200
as previously reported to The Daily
;irul indicated by yesterday's Buil
Session.
Informatioh Oflice director Pete
Allen pointed out that although the
cost estimate on the project sub
mitted by Stanford's Corp Yard,
contractors for the job, was $1,250,
changes in the plans reduced the
final price to $588.
The final cost of the new pedes
trian rides shelter at the south end
of Palm Drive was $588, not $1,200
as previously reported to The Daily
;irul indicated by yesterday's Buil
Session.
Informatioh Oflice director Pete
Allen pointed out that although the
cost estimate on the project sub
mitted by Stanford's Corp Yard,
contractors for the job, was $1,250,
changes in the plans reduced the
final price to $588.
The final cost of the new pedes
trian rides shelter at the south end
of Palm Drive was $588, not $1,200
as previously reported to The Daily
;irul indicated by yesterday's Buil
Session.
Informatioh Oflice director Pete
Allen pointed out that although the
cost estimate on the project sub
mitted by Stanford's Corp Yard,
contractors for the job, was $1,250,
changes in the plans reduced the
final price to $588.
The final cost of the new pedes
trian rides shelter at the south end
of Palm Drive was $588, not $1,200
as previously reported to The Daily
;irul indicated by yesterday's Buil
Session.
Informatioh Oflice director Pete
Allen pointed out that although the
cost estimate on the project sub
mitted by Stanford's Corp Yard,
contractors for the job, was $1,250,
changes in the plans reduced the
final price to $588.
The final cost of the new pedes
trian rides shelter at the south end
of Palm Drive was $588, not $1,200
as previously reported to The Daily
;irul indicated by yesterday's Buil
Session.
Informatioh Oflice director Pete
Allen pointed out that although the
cost estimate on the project sub
mitted by Stanford's Corp Yard,
contractors for the job, was $1,250,
changes in the plans reduced the
final price to $588.
The final cost of the new pedes
trian rides shelter at the south end
of Palm Drive was $588, not $1,200
as previously reported to The Daily
;irul indicated by yesterday's Buil
Session.
Informatioh Oflice director Pete
Allen pointed out that although the
cost estimate on the project sub
mitted by Stanford's Corp Yard,
contractors for the job, was $1,250,
changes in the plans reduced the
final price to $588.
The final cost of the new pedes
trian rides shelter at the south end
of Palm Drive was $588, not $1,200
as previously reported to The Daily
;irul indicated by yesterday's Buil
Session.
Informatioh Oflice director Pete
Allen pointed out that although the
cost estimate on the project sub
mitted by Stanford's Corp Yard,
contractors for the job, was $1,250,
changes in the plans reduced the
final price to $588.
