# Fred Goff Appointed Head Sponsor; Ken Tittle Chosen Stern Co-ordinator
## 
### 
head freshman co-ordinator at
Stern Hall next year while Wil
bur sponsors will he Ned Borga
trom, Brent Brenaman, Jerry
Burns. James Donovan, Pete Fla
herty. Howard Graves, Dick Out
ting. Gary Hart. Howard Iriyama.
Tom Isoia, Mark Lehman, Joel
Neal.
Thomas Neal. Gary Patton. Dick
Ragsdale, Paul Robinson. Pete
Schmidt. Gary Schoolnik, Corbin
Smith. Lawrence Spears, Dennis
Sweeney, Mark Weissbluth, John
Wilkin. Alan Williams.
Alternates are James Arthur,
I Keith Martin and Dan Schwartz.

"I know the sponsor choosing
committee was faced with some
difficult "decisions this year."
stated Fred Goff, head Wilbur
sponsor next year, to the Daily.
"And I think that I speak for
the whole of next year's sponsor
body in expressing gratitude for
an opportunity to serve and grow
through such an educational and
broadening experience. 11 will be
a challenge and a privilege to
work witli such an outstanding
group of sponsors representing
such a wide field of interests and
backgrounds."
Ken Tittle has been appointed '
head freshman co-ordinator at
Stern Hall next year while Wil
bur sponsors will he Ned Borga
trom, Brent Brenaman, Jerry
Burns. James Donovan, Pete Fla
herty. Howard Graves, Dick Out
ting. Gary Hart. Howard Iriyama.
Tom Isoia, Mark Lehman, Joel
Neal.
Thomas Neal. Gary Patton. Dick
Ragsdale, Paul Robinson. Pete
Schmidt. Gary Schoolnik, Corbin
Smith. Lawrence Spears, Dennis
Sweeney, Mark Weissbluth, John
Wilkin. Alan Williams.
Alternates are James Arthur,
I Keith Martin and Dan Schwartz.

"I know the sponsor choosing
committee was faced with some
difficult "decisions this year."
stated Fred Goff, head Wilbur
sponsor next year, to the Daily.
"And I think that I speak for
the whole of next year's sponsor
body in expressing gratitude for
an opportunity to serve and grow
through such an educational and
broadening experience. 11 will be
a challenge and a privilege to
work witli such an outstanding
group of sponsors representing
such a wide field of interests and
backgrounds."
Ken Tittle has been appointed '
head freshman co-ordinator at
Stern Hall next year while Wil
bur sponsors will he Ned Borga
trom, Brent Brenaman, Jerry
Burns. James Donovan, Pete Fla
herty. Howard Graves, Dick Out
ting. Gary Hart. Howard Iriyama.
Tom Isoia, Mark Lehman, Joel
Neal.
Thomas Neal. Gary Patton. Dick
Ragsdale, Paul Robinson. Pete
Schmidt. Gary Schoolnik, Corbin
Smith. Lawrence Spears, Dennis
Sweeney, Mark Weissbluth, John
Wilkin. Alan Williams.
Alternates are James Arthur,
I Keith Martin and Dan Schwartz.

"I know the sponsor choosing
committee was faced with some
difficult "decisions this year."
stated Fred Goff, head Wilbur
sponsor next year, to the Daily.
"And I think that I speak for
the whole of next year's sponsor
body in expressing gratitude for
an opportunity to serve and grow
through such an educational and
broadening experience. 11 will be
a challenge and a privilege to
work witli such an outstanding
group of sponsors representing
such a wide field of interests and
backgrounds."
Ken Tittle has been appointed '
head freshman co-ordinator at
Stern Hall next year while Wil
bur sponsors will he Ned Borga
trom, Brent Brenaman, Jerry
Burns. James Donovan, Pete Fla
herty. Howard Graves, Dick Out
ting. Gary Hart. Howard Iriyama.
Tom Isoia, Mark Lehman, Joel
Neal.
Thomas Neal. Gary Patton. Dick
Ragsdale, Paul Robinson. Pete
Schmidt. Gary Schoolnik, Corbin
Smith. Lawrence Spears, Dennis
Sweeney, Mark Weissbluth, John
Wilkin. Alan Williams.
Alternates are James Arthur,
I Keith Martin and Dan Schwartz.

"I know the sponsor choosing
committee was faced with some
difficult "decisions this year."
stated Fred Goff, head Wilbur
sponsor next year, to the Daily.
"And I think that I speak for
the whole of next year's sponsor
body in expressing gratitude for
an opportunity to serve and grow
through such an educational and
broadening experience. 11 will be
a challenge and a privilege to
work witli such an outstanding
group of sponsors representing
such a wide field of interests and
backgrounds."
Ken Tittle has been appointed '
head freshman co-ordinator at
Stern Hall next year while Wil
bur sponsors will he Ned Borga
trom, Brent Brenaman, Jerry
Burns. James Donovan, Pete Fla
herty. Howard Graves, Dick Out
ting. Gary Hart. Howard Iriyama.
Tom Isoia, Mark Lehman, Joel
Neal.
Thomas Neal. Gary Patton. Dick
Ragsdale, Paul Robinson. Pete
Schmidt. Gary Schoolnik, Corbin
Smith. Lawrence Spears, Dennis
Sweeney, Mark Weissbluth, John
Wilkin. Alan Williams.
Alternates are James Arthur,
I Keith Martin and Dan Schwartz.

"I know the sponsor choosing
committee was faced with some
difficult "decisions this year."
stated Fred Goff, head Wilbur
sponsor next year, to the Daily.
"And I think that I speak for
the whole of next year's sponsor
body in expressing gratitude for
an opportunity to serve and grow
through such an educational and
broadening experience. 11 will be
a challenge and a privilege to
work witli such an outstanding
group of sponsors representing
such a wide field of interests and
backgrounds."
Ken Tittle has been appointed '
head freshman co-ordinator at
Stern Hall next year while Wil
bur sponsors will he Ned Borga
trom, Brent Brenaman, Jerry
Burns. James Donovan, Pete Fla
herty. Howard Graves, Dick Out
ting. Gary Hart. Howard Iriyama.
Tom Isoia, Mark Lehman, Joel
Neal.
Thomas Neal. Gary Patton. Dick
Ragsdale, Paul Robinson. Pete
Schmidt. Gary Schoolnik, Corbin
Smith. Lawrence Spears, Dennis
Sweeney, Mark Weissbluth, John
Wilkin. Alan Williams.
Alternates are James Arthur,
I Keith Martin and Dan Schwartz.

"I know the sponsor choosing
committee was faced with some
difficult "decisions this year."
stated Fred Goff, head Wilbur
sponsor next year, to the Daily.
"And I think that I speak for
the whole of next year's sponsor
body in expressing gratitude for
an opportunity to serve and grow
through such an educational and
broadening experience. 11 will be
a challenge and a privilege to
work witli such an outstanding
group of sponsors representing
such a wide field of interests and
backgrounds."
Ken Tittle has been appointed '
head freshman co-ordinator at
Stern Hall next year while Wil
bur sponsors will he Ned Borga
trom, Brent Brenaman, Jerry
Burns. James Donovan, Pete Fla
herty. Howard Graves, Dick Out
ting. Gary Hart. Howard Iriyama.
Tom Isoia, Mark Lehman, Joel
Neal.
Thomas Neal. Gary Patton. Dick
Ragsdale, Paul Robinson. Pete
Schmidt. Gary Schoolnik, Corbin
Smith. Lawrence Spears, Dennis
Sweeney, Mark Weissbluth, John
Wilkin. Alan Williams.
Alternates are James Arthur,
I Keith Martin and Dan Schwartz.

"I know the sponsor choosing
committee was faced with some
difficult "decisions this year."
stated Fred Goff, head Wilbur
sponsor next year, to the Daily.
"And I think that I speak for
the whole of next year's sponsor
body in expressing gratitude for
an opportunity to serve and grow
through such an educational and
broadening experience. 11 will be
a challenge and a privilege to
work witli such an outstanding
group of sponsors representing
such a wide field of interests and
backgrounds."
Ken Tittle has been appointed '
head freshman co-ordinator at
Stern Hall next year while Wil
bur sponsors will he Ned Borga
trom, Brent Brenaman, Jerry
Burns. James Donovan, Pete Fla
herty. Howard Graves, Dick Out
ting. Gary Hart. Howard Iriyama.
Tom Isoia, Mark Lehman, Joel
Neal.
Thomas Neal. Gary Patton. Dick
Ragsdale, Paul Robinson. Pete
Schmidt. Gary Schoolnik, Corbin
Smith. Lawrence Spears, Dennis
Sweeney, Mark Weissbluth, John
Wilkin. Alan Williams.
Alternates are James Arthur,
I Keith Martin and Dan Schwartz.

"I know the sponsor choosing
committee was faced with some
difficult "decisions this year."
stated Fred Goff, head Wilbur
sponsor next year, to the Daily.
"And I think that I speak for
the whole of next year's sponsor
body in expressing gratitude for
an opportunity to serve and grow
through such an educational and
broadening experience. 11 will be
a challenge and a privilege to
work witli such an outstanding
group of sponsors representing
such a wide field of interests and
backgrounds."
Ken Tittle has been appointed '
head freshman co-ordinator at
Stern Hall next year while Wil
bur sponsors will he Ned Borga
trom, Brent Brenaman, Jerry
Burns. James Donovan, Pete Fla
herty. Howard Graves, Dick Out
ting. Gary Hart. Howard Iriyama.
Tom Isoia, Mark Lehman, Joel
Neal.
Thomas Neal. Gary Patton. Dick
Ragsdale, Paul Robinson. Pete
Schmidt. Gary Schoolnik, Corbin
Smith. Lawrence Spears, Dennis
Sweeney, Mark Weissbluth, John
Wilkin. Alan Williams.
Alternates are James Arthur,
I Keith Martin and Dan Schwartz.

"I know the sponsor choosing
committee was faced with some
difficult "decisions this year."
stated Fred Goff, head Wilbur
sponsor next year, to the Daily.
"And I think that I speak for
the whole of next year's sponsor
body in expressing gratitude for
an opportunity to serve and grow
through such an educational and
broadening experience. 11 will be
a challenge and a privilege to
work witli such an outstanding
group of sponsors representing
such a wide field of interests and
backgrounds."
Ken Tittle has been appointed '
head freshman co-ordinator at
Stern Hall next year while Wil
bur sponsors will he Ned Borga
trom, Brent Brenaman, Jerry
Burns. James Donovan, Pete Fla
herty. Howard Graves, Dick Out
ting. Gary Hart. Howard Iriyama.
Tom Isoia, Mark Lehman, Joel
Neal.
Thomas Neal. Gary Patton. Dick
Ragsdale, Paul Robinson. Pete
Schmidt. Gary Schoolnik, Corbin
Smith. Lawrence Spears, Dennis
Sweeney, Mark Weissbluth, John
Wilkin. Alan Williams.
Alternates are James Arthur,
I Keith Martin and Dan Schwartz.

"I know the sponsor choosing
committee was faced with some
difficult "decisions this year."
stated Fred Goff, head Wilbur
sponsor next year, to the Daily.
"And I think that I speak for
the whole of next year's sponsor
body in expressing gratitude for
an opportunity to serve and grow
through such an educational and
broadening experience. 11 will be
a challenge and a privilege to
work witli such an outstanding
group of sponsors representing
such a wide field of interests and
backgrounds."
Ken Tittle has been appointed '
head freshman co-ordinator at
Stern Hall next year while Wil
bur sponsors will he Ned Borga
trom, Brent Brenaman, Jerry
Burns. James Donovan, Pete Fla
herty. Howard Graves, Dick Out
ting. Gary Hart. Howard Iriyama.
Tom Isoia, Mark Lehman, Joel
Neal.
Thomas Neal. Gary Patton. Dick
Ragsdale, Paul Robinson. Pete
Schmidt. Gary Schoolnik, Corbin
Smith. Lawrence Spears, Dennis
Sweeney, Mark Weissbluth, John
Wilkin. Alan Williams.
Alternates are James Arthur,
I Keith Martin and Dan Schwartz.

"I know the sponsor choosing
committee was faced with some
difficult "decisions this year."
stated Fred Goff, head Wilbur
sponsor next year, to the Daily.
"And I think that I speak for
the whole of next year's sponsor
body in expressing gratitude for
an opportunity to serve and grow
through such an educational and
broadening experience. 11 will be
a challenge and a privilege to
work witli such an outstanding
group of sponsors representing
such a wide field of interests and
backgrounds."
Ken Tittle has been appointed '
head freshman co-ordinator at
Stern Hall next year while Wil
bur sponsors will he Ned Borga
trom, Brent Brenaman, Jerry
Burns. James Donovan, Pete Fla
herty. Howard Graves, Dick Out
ting. Gary Hart. Howard Iriyama.
Tom Isoia, Mark Lehman, Joel
Neal.
Thomas Neal. Gary Patton. Dick
Ragsdale, Paul Robinson. Pete
Schmidt. Gary Schoolnik, Corbin
Smith. Lawrence Spears, Dennis
Sweeney, Mark Weissbluth, John
Wilkin. Alan Williams.
Alternates are James Arthur,
I Keith Martin and Dan Schwartz.

"I know the sponsor choosing
committee was faced with some
difficult "decisions this year."
stated Fred Goff, head Wilbur
sponsor next year, to the Daily.
"And I think that I speak for
the whole of next year's sponsor
body in expressing gratitude for
an opportunity to serve and grow
through such an educational and
broadening experience. 11 will be
a challenge and a privilege to
work witli such an outstanding
group of sponsors representing
such a wide field of interests and
backgrounds."
Ken Tittle has been appointed '
head freshman co-ordinator at
Stern Hall next year while Wil
bur sponsors will he Ned Borga
trom, Brent Brenaman, Jerry
Burns. James Donovan, Pete Fla
herty. Howard Graves, Dick Out
ting. Gary Hart. Howard Iriyama.
Tom Isoia, Mark Lehman, Joel
Neal.
Thomas Neal. Gary Patton. Dick
Ragsdale, Paul Robinson. Pete
Schmidt. Gary Schoolnik, Corbin
Smith. Lawrence Spears, Dennis
Sweeney, Mark Weissbluth, John
Wilkin. Alan Williams.
Alternates are James Arthur,
I Keith Martin and Dan Schwartz.

"I know the sponsor choosing
committee was faced with some
difficult "decisions this year."
stated Fred Goff, head Wilbur
sponsor next year, to the Daily.
"And I think that I speak for
the whole of next year's sponsor
body in expressing gratitude for
an opportunity to serve and grow
through such an educational and
broadening experience. 11 will be
a challenge and a privilege to
work witli such an outstanding
group of sponsors representing
such a wide field of interests and
backgrounds."
Ken Tittle has been appointed '
head freshman co-ordinator at
Stern Hall next year while Wil
bur sponsors will he Ned Borga
trom, Brent Brenaman, Jerry
Burns. James Donovan, Pete Fla
herty. Howard Graves, Dick Out
ting. Gary Hart. Howard Iriyama.
Tom Isoia, Mark Lehman, Joel
Neal.
Thomas Neal. Gary Patton. Dick
Ragsdale, Paul Robinson. Pete
Schmidt. Gary Schoolnik, Corbin
Smith. Lawrence Spears, Dennis
Sweeney, Mark Weissbluth, John
Wilkin. Alan Williams.
Alternates are James Arthur,
I Keith Martin and Dan Schwartz.

"I know the sponsor choosing
committee was faced with some
difficult "decisions this year."
stated Fred Goff, head Wilbur
sponsor next year, to the Daily.
"And I think that I speak for
the whole of next year's sponsor
body in expressing gratitude for
an opportunity to serve and grow
through such an educational and
broadening experience. 11 will be
a challenge and a privilege to
work witli such an outstanding
group of sponsors representing
such a wide field of interests and
backgrounds."
Ken Tittle has been appointed '
head freshman co-ordinator at
Stern Hall next year while Wil
bur sponsors will he Ned Borga
trom, Brent Brenaman, Jerry
Burns. James Donovan, Pete Fla
herty. Howard Graves, Dick Out
ting. Gary Hart. Howard Iriyama.
Tom Isoia, Mark Lehman, Joel
Neal.
Thomas Neal. Gary Patton. Dick
Ragsdale, Paul Robinson. Pete
Schmidt. Gary Schoolnik, Corbin
Smith. Lawrence Spears, Dennis
Sweeney, Mark Weissbluth, John
Wilkin. Alan Williams.
Alternates are James Arthur,
I Keith Martin and Dan Schwartz.

"I know the sponsor choosing
committee was faced with some
difficult "decisions this year."
stated Fred Goff, head Wilbur
sponsor next year, to the Daily.
"And I think that I speak for
the whole of next year's sponsor
body in expressing gratitude for
an opportunity to serve and grow
through such an educational and
broadening experience. 11 will be
a challenge and a privilege to
work witli such an outstanding
group of sponsors representing
such a wide field of interests and
backgrounds."
Ken Tittle has been appointed '
