# Toyon Schedules Formal for Friday
## 
### 
The* annual Toyon winter formal
will be held thjs Friday evening
from 9 to 1 a.m. in the Toyon lobby
according to Jim Atkinson, general
chairman.
The theme of the dance will be
announced later in the week. Don
Craig, chairman of the sponsors
committee, announced that the spon
sors would be Lieutenant and Mrs.
Robert A. Ranzoni, Dr. and Mrs.
Theodore Nieol, and Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Williams.
The* annual Toyon winter formal
will be held thjs Friday evening
from 9 to 1 a.m. in the Toyon lobby
according to Jim Atkinson, general
chairman.
The theme of the dance will be
announced later in the week. Don
Craig, chairman of the sponsors
committee, announced that the spon
sors would be Lieutenant and Mrs.
Robert A. Ranzoni, Dr. and Mrs.
Theodore Nieol, and Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Williams.
The* annual Toyon winter formal
will be held thjs Friday evening
from 9 to 1 a.m. in the Toyon lobby
according to Jim Atkinson, general
chairman.
The theme of the dance will be
announced later in the week. Don
Craig, chairman of the sponsors
committee, announced that the spon
sors would be Lieutenant and Mrs.
Robert A. Ranzoni, Dr. and Mrs.
Theodore Nieol, and Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Williams.
The* annual Toyon winter formal
will be held thjs Friday evening
from 9 to 1 a.m. in the Toyon lobby
according to Jim Atkinson, general
chairman.
The theme of the dance will be
announced later in the week. Don
Craig, chairman of the sponsors
committee, announced that the spon
sors would be Lieutenant and Mrs.
Robert A. Ranzoni, Dr. and Mrs.
Theodore Nieol, and Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Williams.
The* annual Toyon winter formal
will be held thjs Friday evening
from 9 to 1 a.m. in the Toyon lobby
according to Jim Atkinson, general
chairman.
The theme of the dance will be
announced later in the week. Don
Craig, chairman of the sponsors
committee, announced that the spon
sors would be Lieutenant and Mrs.
Robert A. Ranzoni, Dr. and Mrs.
Theodore Nieol, and Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Williams.
The* annual Toyon winter formal
will be held thjs Friday evening
from 9 to 1 a.m. in the Toyon lobby
according to Jim Atkinson, general
chairman.
The theme of the dance will be
announced later in the week. Don
Craig, chairman of the sponsors
committee, announced that the spon
sors would be Lieutenant and Mrs.
Robert A. Ranzoni, Dr. and Mrs.
Theodore Nieol, and Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Williams.
The* annual Toyon winter formal
will be held thjs Friday evening
from 9 to 1 a.m. in the Toyon lobby
according to Jim Atkinson, general
chairman.
The theme of the dance will be
announced later in the week. Don
Craig, chairman of the sponsors
committee, announced that the spon
sors would be Lieutenant and Mrs.
Robert A. Ranzoni, Dr. and Mrs.
Theodore Nieol, and Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Williams.
The* annual Toyon winter formal
will be held thjs Friday evening
from 9 to 1 a.m. in the Toyon lobby
according to Jim Atkinson, general
chairman.
The theme of the dance will be
announced later in the week. Don
Craig, chairman of the sponsors
committee, announced that the spon
sors would be Lieutenant and Mrs.
Robert A. Ranzoni, Dr. and Mrs.
Theodore Nieol, and Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Williams.
The* annual Toyon winter formal
will be held thjs Friday evening
from 9 to 1 a.m. in the Toyon lobby
according to Jim Atkinson, general
chairman.
The theme of the dance will be
announced later in the week. Don
Craig, chairman of the sponsors
committee, announced that the spon
sors would be Lieutenant and Mrs.
Robert A. Ranzoni, Dr. and Mrs.
Theodore Nieol, and Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Williams.
The* annual Toyon winter formal
will be held thjs Friday evening
from 9 to 1 a.m. in the Toyon lobby
according to Jim Atkinson, general
chairman.
The theme of the dance will be
announced later in the week. Don
Craig, chairman of the sponsors
committee, announced that the spon
sors would be Lieutenant and Mrs.
Robert A. Ranzoni, Dr. and Mrs.
Theodore Nieol, and Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Williams.
The* annual Toyon winter formal
will be held thjs Friday evening
from 9 to 1 a.m. in the Toyon lobby
according to Jim Atkinson, general
chairman.
The theme of the dance will be
announced later in the week. Don
Craig, chairman of the sponsors
committee, announced that the spon
sors would be Lieutenant and Mrs.
Robert A. Ranzoni, Dr. and Mrs.
Theodore Nieol, and Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Williams.
The* annual Toyon winter formal
will be held thjs Friday evening
from 9 to 1 a.m. in the Toyon lobby
according to Jim Atkinson, general
chairman.
The theme of the dance will be
announced later in the week. Don
Craig, chairman of the sponsors
committee, announced that the spon
sors would be Lieutenant and Mrs.
Robert A. Ranzoni, Dr. and Mrs.
Theodore Nieol, and Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Williams.
The* annual Toyon winter formal
will be held thjs Friday evening
from 9 to 1 a.m. in the Toyon lobby
according to Jim Atkinson, general
chairman.
The theme of the dance will be
announced later in the week. Don
Craig, chairman of the sponsors
committee, announced that the spon
sors would be Lieutenant and Mrs.
Robert A. Ranzoni, Dr. and Mrs.
Theodore Nieol, and Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Williams.
The* annual Toyon winter formal
will be held thjs Friday evening
from 9 to 1 a.m. in the Toyon lobby
according to Jim Atkinson, general
chairman.
The theme of the dance will be
announced later in the week. Don
Craig, chairman of the sponsors
committee, announced that the spon
sors would be Lieutenant and Mrs.
Robert A. Ranzoni, Dr. and Mrs.
Theodore Nieol, and Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Williams.
The* annual Toyon winter formal
will be held thjs Friday evening
from 9 to 1 a.m. in the Toyon lobby
according to Jim Atkinson, general
chairman.
The theme of the dance will be
announced later in the week. Don
Craig, chairman of the sponsors
committee, announced that the spon
sors would be Lieutenant and Mrs.
Robert A. Ranzoni, Dr. and Mrs.
Theodore Nieol, and Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Williams.
The* annual Toyon winter formal
will be held thjs Friday evening
from 9 to 1 a.m. in the Toyon lobby
according to Jim Atkinson, general
chairman.
The theme of the dance will be
announced later in the week. Don
Craig, chairman of the sponsors
committee, announced that the spon
sors would be Lieutenant and Mrs.
Robert A. Ranzoni, Dr. and Mrs.
Theodore Nieol, and Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Williams.
The* annual Toyon winter formal
will be held thjs Friday evening
from 9 to 1 a.m. in the Toyon lobby
according to Jim Atkinson, general
chairman.
The theme of the dance will be
announced later in the week. Don
Craig, chairman of the sponsors
committee, announced that the spon
sors would be Lieutenant and Mrs.
Robert A. Ranzoni, Dr. and Mrs.
Theodore Nieol, and Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Williams.
The* annual Toyon winter formal
will be held thjs Friday evening
from 9 to 1 a.m. in the Toyon lobby
according to Jim Atkinson, general
chairman.
The theme of the dance will be
announced later in the week. Don
Craig, chairman of the sponsors
committee, announced that the spon
sors would be Lieutenant and Mrs.
Robert A. Ranzoni, Dr. and Mrs.
Theodore Nieol, and Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Williams.
