# RAMBLERS BEAT FROSH
## 
### 
The Menlo Ramblers rugby loam
defeated the Stanford frosh ruggers
8-0 last Saturday on the frosh foot
ball field. The Ramblers used ton
men against the Card frosh fifteen
but showed enough of the profes
sional typo of rugby to overpower
the Stanford team.

Service in the Home Guard of the
British Empire will bo compulsory
after February 16.
The Menlo Ramblers rugby loam
defeated the Stanford frosh ruggers
8-0 last Saturday on the frosh foot
ball field. The Ramblers used ton
men against the Card frosh fifteen
but showed enough of the profes
sional typo of rugby to overpower
the Stanford team.

Service in the Home Guard of the
British Empire will bo compulsory
after February 16.
The Menlo Ramblers rugby loam
defeated the Stanford frosh ruggers
8-0 last Saturday on the frosh foot
ball field. The Ramblers used ton
men against the Card frosh fifteen
but showed enough of the profes
sional typo of rugby to overpower
the Stanford team.

Service in the Home Guard of the
British Empire will bo compulsory
after February 16.
The Menlo Ramblers rugby loam
defeated the Stanford frosh ruggers
8-0 last Saturday on the frosh foot
ball field. The Ramblers used ton
men against the Card frosh fifteen
but showed enough of the profes
sional typo of rugby to overpower
the Stanford team.

Service in the Home Guard of the
British Empire will bo compulsory
after February 16.
The Menlo Ramblers rugby loam
defeated the Stanford frosh ruggers
8-0 last Saturday on the frosh foot
ball field. The Ramblers used ton
men against the Card frosh fifteen
but showed enough of the profes
sional typo of rugby to overpower
the Stanford team.

Service in the Home Guard of the
British Empire will bo compulsory
after February 16.
The Menlo Ramblers rugby loam
defeated the Stanford frosh ruggers
8-0 last Saturday on the frosh foot
ball field. The Ramblers used ton
men against the Card frosh fifteen
but showed enough of the profes
sional typo of rugby to overpower
the Stanford team.

Service in the Home Guard of the
British Empire will bo compulsory
after February 16.
The Menlo Ramblers rugby loam
defeated the Stanford frosh ruggers
8-0 last Saturday on the frosh foot
ball field. The Ramblers used ton
men against the Card frosh fifteen
but showed enough of the profes
sional typo of rugby to overpower
the Stanford team.

Service in the Home Guard of the
British Empire will bo compulsory
after February 16.
The Menlo Ramblers rugby loam
defeated the Stanford frosh ruggers
8-0 last Saturday on the frosh foot
ball field. The Ramblers used ton
men against the Card frosh fifteen
but showed enough of the profes
sional typo of rugby to overpower
the Stanford team.

Service in the Home Guard of the
British Empire will bo compulsory
after February 16.
The Menlo Ramblers rugby loam
defeated the Stanford frosh ruggers
8-0 last Saturday on the frosh foot
ball field. The Ramblers used ton
men against the Card frosh fifteen
but showed enough of the profes
sional typo of rugby to overpower
the Stanford team.

Service in the Home Guard of the
British Empire will bo compulsory
after February 16.
The Menlo Ramblers rugby loam
defeated the Stanford frosh ruggers
8-0 last Saturday on the frosh foot
ball field. The Ramblers used ton
men against the Card frosh fifteen
but showed enough of the profes
sional typo of rugby to overpower
the Stanford team.

Service in the Home Guard of the
British Empire will bo compulsory
after February 16.
The Menlo Ramblers rugby loam
defeated the Stanford frosh ruggers
8-0 last Saturday on the frosh foot
ball field. The Ramblers used ton
men against the Card frosh fifteen
but showed enough of the profes
sional typo of rugby to overpower
the Stanford team.

Service in the Home Guard of the
British Empire will bo compulsory
after February 16.
The Menlo Ramblers rugby loam
defeated the Stanford frosh ruggers
8-0 last Saturday on the frosh foot
ball field. The Ramblers used ton
men against the Card frosh fifteen
but showed enough of the profes
sional typo of rugby to overpower
the Stanford team.

Service in the Home Guard of the
British Empire will bo compulsory
after February 16.
The Menlo Ramblers rugby loam
defeated the Stanford frosh ruggers
8-0 last Saturday on the frosh foot
ball field. The Ramblers used ton
men against the Card frosh fifteen
but showed enough of the profes
sional typo of rugby to overpower
the Stanford team.

Service in the Home Guard of the
British Empire will bo compulsory
after February 16.
The Menlo Ramblers rugby loam
defeated the Stanford frosh ruggers
8-0 last Saturday on the frosh foot
ball field. The Ramblers used ton
men against the Card frosh fifteen
but showed enough of the profes
sional typo of rugby to overpower
the Stanford team.

Service in the Home Guard of the
British Empire will bo compulsory
after February 16.
The Menlo Ramblers rugby loam
defeated the Stanford frosh ruggers
8-0 last Saturday on the frosh foot
ball field. The Ramblers used ton
men against the Card frosh fifteen
but showed enough of the profes
sional typo of rugby to overpower
the Stanford team.

Service in the Home Guard of the
British Empire will bo compulsory
after February 16.
The Menlo Ramblers rugby loam
defeated the Stanford frosh ruggers
8-0 last Saturday on the frosh foot
ball field. The Ramblers used ton
men against the Card frosh fifteen
but showed enough of the profes
sional typo of rugby to overpower
the Stanford team.

Service in the Home Guard of the
British Empire will bo compulsory
after February 16.
The Menlo Ramblers rugby loam
defeated the Stanford frosh ruggers
8-0 last Saturday on the frosh foot
ball field. The Ramblers used ton
men against the Card frosh fifteen
but showed enough of the profes
sional typo of rugby to overpower
the Stanford team.

Service in the Home Guard of the
British Empire will bo compulsory
after February 16.
The Menlo Ramblers rugby loam
defeated the Stanford frosh ruggers
8-0 last Saturday on the frosh foot
ball field. The Ramblers used ton
men against the Card frosh fifteen
but showed enough of the profes
sional typo of rugby to overpower
the Stanford team.

Service in the Home Guard of the
British Empire will bo compulsory
after February 16.
