# Under the Weather
## 
### 
Women's Rest Home: Susan
Godfrey, Elois Greenwood, Marta
Perry; Frances Smith, Patricia
Taylor.
Men's Rest Home: Richard Do
nat, Robert Mierow, Richard Na
son, Ilarry Roberts.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Le
vin, Brooks Ragen, William Vau
ghey.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Ca
saroli, Paul M. Gilbert, Edward
Harper, Frank Hruz, William
Johnson, Dean Keiser, Paul Per
ko, Patricia Randall, Walter J.
Schneider.
Women's Rest Home: Susan
Godfrey, Elois Greenwood, Marta
Perry; Frances Smith, Patricia
Taylor.
Men's Rest Home: Richard Do
nat, Robert Mierow, Richard Na
son, Ilarry Roberts.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Le
vin, Brooks Ragen, William Vau
ghey.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Ca
saroli, Paul M. Gilbert, Edward
Harper, Frank Hruz, William
Johnson, Dean Keiser, Paul Per
ko, Patricia Randall, Walter J.
Schneider.
Women's Rest Home: Susan
Godfrey, Elois Greenwood, Marta
Perry; Frances Smith, Patricia
Taylor.
Men's Rest Home: Richard Do
nat, Robert Mierow, Richard Na
son, Ilarry Roberts.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Le
vin, Brooks Ragen, William Vau
ghey.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Ca
saroli, Paul M. Gilbert, Edward
Harper, Frank Hruz, William
Johnson, Dean Keiser, Paul Per
ko, Patricia Randall, Walter J.
Schneider.
Women's Rest Home: Susan
Godfrey, Elois Greenwood, Marta
Perry; Frances Smith, Patricia
Taylor.
Men's Rest Home: Richard Do
nat, Robert Mierow, Richard Na
son, Ilarry Roberts.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Le
vin, Brooks Ragen, William Vau
ghey.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Ca
saroli, Paul M. Gilbert, Edward
Harper, Frank Hruz, William
Johnson, Dean Keiser, Paul Per
ko, Patricia Randall, Walter J.
Schneider.
Women's Rest Home: Susan
Godfrey, Elois Greenwood, Marta
Perry; Frances Smith, Patricia
Taylor.
Men's Rest Home: Richard Do
nat, Robert Mierow, Richard Na
son, Ilarry Roberts.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Le
vin, Brooks Ragen, William Vau
ghey.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Ca
saroli, Paul M. Gilbert, Edward
Harper, Frank Hruz, William
Johnson, Dean Keiser, Paul Per
ko, Patricia Randall, Walter J.
Schneider.
Women's Rest Home: Susan
Godfrey, Elois Greenwood, Marta
Perry; Frances Smith, Patricia
Taylor.
Men's Rest Home: Richard Do
nat, Robert Mierow, Richard Na
son, Ilarry Roberts.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Le
vin, Brooks Ragen, William Vau
ghey.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Ca
saroli, Paul M. Gilbert, Edward
Harper, Frank Hruz, William
Johnson, Dean Keiser, Paul Per
ko, Patricia Randall, Walter J.
Schneider.
Women's Rest Home: Susan
Godfrey, Elois Greenwood, Marta
Perry; Frances Smith, Patricia
Taylor.
Men's Rest Home: Richard Do
nat, Robert Mierow, Richard Na
son, Ilarry Roberts.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Le
vin, Brooks Ragen, William Vau
ghey.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Ca
saroli, Paul M. Gilbert, Edward
Harper, Frank Hruz, William
Johnson, Dean Keiser, Paul Per
ko, Patricia Randall, Walter J.
Schneider.
Women's Rest Home: Susan
Godfrey, Elois Greenwood, Marta
Perry; Frances Smith, Patricia
Taylor.
Men's Rest Home: Richard Do
nat, Robert Mierow, Richard Na
son, Ilarry Roberts.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Le
vin, Brooks Ragen, William Vau
ghey.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Ca
saroli, Paul M. Gilbert, Edward
Harper, Frank Hruz, William
Johnson, Dean Keiser, Paul Per
ko, Patricia Randall, Walter J.
Schneider.
Women's Rest Home: Susan
Godfrey, Elois Greenwood, Marta
Perry; Frances Smith, Patricia
Taylor.
Men's Rest Home: Richard Do
nat, Robert Mierow, Richard Na
son, Ilarry Roberts.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Le
vin, Brooks Ragen, William Vau
ghey.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Ca
saroli, Paul M. Gilbert, Edward
Harper, Frank Hruz, William
Johnson, Dean Keiser, Paul Per
ko, Patricia Randall, Walter J.
Schneider.
Women's Rest Home: Susan
Godfrey, Elois Greenwood, Marta
Perry; Frances Smith, Patricia
Taylor.
Men's Rest Home: Richard Do
nat, Robert Mierow, Richard Na
son, Ilarry Roberts.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Le
vin, Brooks Ragen, William Vau
ghey.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Ca
saroli, Paul M. Gilbert, Edward
Harper, Frank Hruz, William
Johnson, Dean Keiser, Paul Per
ko, Patricia Randall, Walter J.
Schneider.
Women's Rest Home: Susan
Godfrey, Elois Greenwood, Marta
Perry; Frances Smith, Patricia
Taylor.
Men's Rest Home: Richard Do
nat, Robert Mierow, Richard Na
son, Ilarry Roberts.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Le
vin, Brooks Ragen, William Vau
ghey.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Ca
saroli, Paul M. Gilbert, Edward
Harper, Frank Hruz, William
Johnson, Dean Keiser, Paul Per
ko, Patricia Randall, Walter J.
Schneider.
Women's Rest Home: Susan
Godfrey, Elois Greenwood, Marta
Perry; Frances Smith, Patricia
Taylor.
Men's Rest Home: Richard Do
nat, Robert Mierow, Richard Na
son, Ilarry Roberts.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Le
vin, Brooks Ragen, William Vau
ghey.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Ca
saroli, Paul M. Gilbert, Edward
Harper, Frank Hruz, William
Johnson, Dean Keiser, Paul Per
ko, Patricia Randall, Walter J.
Schneider.
Women's Rest Home: Susan
Godfrey, Elois Greenwood, Marta
Perry; Frances Smith, Patricia
Taylor.
Men's Rest Home: Richard Do
nat, Robert Mierow, Richard Na
son, Ilarry Roberts.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Le
vin, Brooks Ragen, William Vau
ghey.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Ca
saroli, Paul M. Gilbert, Edward
Harper, Frank Hruz, William
Johnson, Dean Keiser, Paul Per
ko, Patricia Randall, Walter J.
Schneider.
Women's Rest Home: Susan
Godfrey, Elois Greenwood, Marta
Perry; Frances Smith, Patricia
Taylor.
Men's Rest Home: Richard Do
nat, Robert Mierow, Richard Na
son, Ilarry Roberts.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Le
vin, Brooks Ragen, William Vau
ghey.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Ca
saroli, Paul M. Gilbert, Edward
Harper, Frank Hruz, William
Johnson, Dean Keiser, Paul Per
ko, Patricia Randall, Walter J.
Schneider.
Women's Rest Home: Susan
Godfrey, Elois Greenwood, Marta
Perry; Frances Smith, Patricia
Taylor.
Men's Rest Home: Richard Do
nat, Robert Mierow, Richard Na
son, Ilarry Roberts.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Le
vin, Brooks Ragen, William Vau
ghey.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Ca
saroli, Paul M. Gilbert, Edward
Harper, Frank Hruz, William
Johnson, Dean Keiser, Paul Per
ko, Patricia Randall, Walter J.
Schneider.
Women's Rest Home: Susan
Godfrey, Elois Greenwood, Marta
Perry; Frances Smith, Patricia
Taylor.
Men's Rest Home: Richard Do
nat, Robert Mierow, Richard Na
son, Ilarry Roberts.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Le
vin, Brooks Ragen, William Vau
ghey.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Ca
saroli, Paul M. Gilbert, Edward
Harper, Frank Hruz, William
Johnson, Dean Keiser, Paul Per
ko, Patricia Randall, Walter J.
Schneider.
