# Credit Evaluation Forms Available
## 
### 
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed at the
Registrar's Office.
Old returning students, who in
their absence from Stanford at
tended college elsewhere, or a
veteran who thinks he has the
equivalent of a Stanford course
in his military training may peti
tion to have credit added to his
Stanford record.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A, un
til the end of next week
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed at the
Registrar's Office.
Old returning students, who in
their absence from Stanford at
tended college elsewhere, or a
veteran who thinks he has the
equivalent of a Stanford course
in his military training may peti
tion to have credit added to his
Stanford record.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A, un
til the end of next week
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed at the
Registrar's Office.
Old returning students, who in
their absence from Stanford at
tended college elsewhere, or a
veteran who thinks he has the
equivalent of a Stanford course
in his military training may peti
tion to have credit added to his
Stanford record.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A, un
til the end of next week
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed at the
Registrar's Office.
Old returning students, who in
their absence from Stanford at
tended college elsewhere, or a
veteran who thinks he has the
equivalent of a Stanford course
in his military training may peti
tion to have credit added to his
Stanford record.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A, un
til the end of next week
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed at the
Registrar's Office.
Old returning students, who in
their absence from Stanford at
tended college elsewhere, or a
veteran who thinks he has the
equivalent of a Stanford course
in his military training may peti
tion to have credit added to his
Stanford record.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A, un
til the end of next week
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed at the
Registrar's Office.
Old returning students, who in
their absence from Stanford at
tended college elsewhere, or a
veteran who thinks he has the
equivalent of a Stanford course
in his military training may peti
tion to have credit added to his
Stanford record.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A, un
til the end of next week
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed at the
Registrar's Office.
Old returning students, who in
their absence from Stanford at
tended college elsewhere, or a
veteran who thinks he has the
equivalent of a Stanford course
in his military training may peti
tion to have credit added to his
Stanford record.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A, un
til the end of next week
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed at the
Registrar's Office.
Old returning students, who in
their absence from Stanford at
tended college elsewhere, or a
veteran who thinks he has the
equivalent of a Stanford course
in his military training may peti
tion to have credit added to his
Stanford record.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A, un
til the end of next week
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed at the
Registrar's Office.
Old returning students, who in
their absence from Stanford at
tended college elsewhere, or a
veteran who thinks he has the
equivalent of a Stanford course
in his military training may peti
tion to have credit added to his
Stanford record.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A, un
til the end of next week
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed at the
Registrar's Office.
Old returning students, who in
their absence from Stanford at
tended college elsewhere, or a
veteran who thinks he has the
equivalent of a Stanford course
in his military training may peti
tion to have credit added to his
Stanford record.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A, un
til the end of next week
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed at the
Registrar's Office.
Old returning students, who in
their absence from Stanford at
tended college elsewhere, or a
veteran who thinks he has the
equivalent of a Stanford course
in his military training may peti
tion to have credit added to his
Stanford record.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A, un
til the end of next week
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed at the
Registrar's Office.
Old returning students, who in
their absence from Stanford at
tended college elsewhere, or a
veteran who thinks he has the
equivalent of a Stanford course
in his military training may peti
tion to have credit added to his
Stanford record.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A, un
til the end of next week
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed at the
Registrar's Office.
Old returning students, who in
their absence from Stanford at
tended college elsewhere, or a
veteran who thinks he has the
equivalent of a Stanford course
in his military training may peti
tion to have credit added to his
Stanford record.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A, un
til the end of next week
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed at the
Registrar's Office.
Old returning students, who in
their absence from Stanford at
tended college elsewhere, or a
veteran who thinks he has the
equivalent of a Stanford course
in his military training may peti
tion to have credit added to his
Stanford record.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A, un
til the end of next week
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed at the
Registrar's Office.
Old returning students, who in
their absence from Stanford at
tended college elsewhere, or a
veteran who thinks he has the
equivalent of a Stanford course
in his military training may peti
tion to have credit added to his
Stanford record.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A, un
til the end of next week
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed at the
Registrar's Office.
Old returning students, who in
their absence from Stanford at
tended college elsewhere, or a
veteran who thinks he has the
equivalent of a Stanford course
in his military training may peti
tion to have credit added to his
Stanford record.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A, un
til the end of next week
