# PRICES REMAIN STEADY
## 
### 
SAN FI! ANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Priccs were steady in quiet stock
trading on the San Francisco ex
change.
SAN FI! ANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Priccs were steady in quiet stock
trading on the San Francisco ex
change.
SAN FI! ANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Priccs were steady in quiet stock
trading on the San Francisco ex
change.
SAN FI! ANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Priccs were steady in quiet stock
trading on the San Francisco ex
change.
SAN FI! ANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Priccs were steady in quiet stock
trading on the San Francisco ex
change.
SAN FI! ANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Priccs were steady in quiet stock
trading on the San Francisco ex
change.
SAN FI! ANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Priccs were steady in quiet stock
trading on the San Francisco ex
change.
SAN FI! ANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Priccs were steady in quiet stock
trading on the San Francisco ex
change.
SAN FI! ANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Priccs were steady in quiet stock
trading on the San Francisco ex
change.
SAN FI! ANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Priccs were steady in quiet stock
trading on the San Francisco ex
change.
SAN FI! ANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Priccs were steady in quiet stock
trading on the San Francisco ex
change.
SAN FI! ANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Priccs were steady in quiet stock
trading on the San Francisco ex
change.
SAN FI! ANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Priccs were steady in quiet stock
trading on the San Francisco ex
change.
SAN FI! ANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Priccs were steady in quiet stock
trading on the San Francisco ex
change.
SAN FI! ANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Priccs were steady in quiet stock
trading on the San Francisco ex
change.
SAN FI! ANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Priccs were steady in quiet stock
trading on the San Francisco ex
change.
SAN FI! ANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Priccs were steady in quiet stock
trading on the San Francisco ex
change.
