# SAN JOSE GETS 'ANGEL'
## 
### 
Dwight Deere Wiman's rib-tiek
ling musical comedy of a real angel
and a banker, "I Married an Angel,"
from the book by Rogers and Hart,
comes to the Civic Auditorium in
San Jose Saturday night. Having
played in New York City for a solid
year, with long engagements in
Chicago and Boston, the company is
on a transcontinental tour with a
large cast and four carloads of
scenery, properties and effects.
Dwight Deere Wiman's rib-tiek
ling musical comedy of a real angel
and a banker, "I Married an Angel,"
from the book by Rogers and Hart,
comes to the Civic Auditorium in
San Jose Saturday night. Having
played in New York City for a solid
year, with long engagements in
Chicago and Boston, the company is
on a transcontinental tour with a
large cast and four carloads of
scenery, properties and effects.
Dwight Deere Wiman's rib-tiek
ling musical comedy of a real angel
and a banker, "I Married an Angel,"
from the book by Rogers and Hart,
comes to the Civic Auditorium in
San Jose Saturday night. Having
played in New York City for a solid
year, with long engagements in
Chicago and Boston, the company is
on a transcontinental tour with a
large cast and four carloads of
scenery, properties and effects.
Dwight Deere Wiman's rib-tiek
ling musical comedy of a real angel
and a banker, "I Married an Angel,"
from the book by Rogers and Hart,
comes to the Civic Auditorium in
San Jose Saturday night. Having
played in New York City for a solid
year, with long engagements in
Chicago and Boston, the company is
on a transcontinental tour with a
large cast and four carloads of
scenery, properties and effects.
Dwight Deere Wiman's rib-tiek
ling musical comedy of a real angel
and a banker, "I Married an Angel,"
from the book by Rogers and Hart,
comes to the Civic Auditorium in
San Jose Saturday night. Having
played in New York City for a solid
year, with long engagements in
Chicago and Boston, the company is
on a transcontinental tour with a
large cast and four carloads of
scenery, properties and effects.
Dwight Deere Wiman's rib-tiek
ling musical comedy of a real angel
and a banker, "I Married an Angel,"
from the book by Rogers and Hart,
comes to the Civic Auditorium in
San Jose Saturday night. Having
played in New York City for a solid
year, with long engagements in
Chicago and Boston, the company is
on a transcontinental tour with a
large cast and four carloads of
scenery, properties and effects.
Dwight Deere Wiman's rib-tiek
ling musical comedy of a real angel
and a banker, "I Married an Angel,"
from the book by Rogers and Hart,
comes to the Civic Auditorium in
San Jose Saturday night. Having
played in New York City for a solid
year, with long engagements in
Chicago and Boston, the company is
on a transcontinental tour with a
large cast and four carloads of
scenery, properties and effects.
Dwight Deere Wiman's rib-tiek
ling musical comedy of a real angel
and a banker, "I Married an Angel,"
from the book by Rogers and Hart,
comes to the Civic Auditorium in
San Jose Saturday night. Having
played in New York City for a solid
year, with long engagements in
Chicago and Boston, the company is
on a transcontinental tour with a
large cast and four carloads of
scenery, properties and effects.
Dwight Deere Wiman's rib-tiek
ling musical comedy of a real angel
and a banker, "I Married an Angel,"
from the book by Rogers and Hart,
comes to the Civic Auditorium in
San Jose Saturday night. Having
played in New York City for a solid
year, with long engagements in
Chicago and Boston, the company is
on a transcontinental tour with a
large cast and four carloads of
scenery, properties and effects.
Dwight Deere Wiman's rib-tiek
ling musical comedy of a real angel
and a banker, "I Married an Angel,"
from the book by Rogers and Hart,
comes to the Civic Auditorium in
San Jose Saturday night. Having
played in New York City for a solid
year, with long engagements in
Chicago and Boston, the company is
on a transcontinental tour with a
large cast and four carloads of
scenery, properties and effects.
Dwight Deere Wiman's rib-tiek
ling musical comedy of a real angel
and a banker, "I Married an Angel,"
from the book by Rogers and Hart,
comes to the Civic Auditorium in
San Jose Saturday night. Having
played in New York City for a solid
year, with long engagements in
Chicago and Boston, the company is
on a transcontinental tour with a
large cast and four carloads of
scenery, properties and effects.
Dwight Deere Wiman's rib-tiek
ling musical comedy of a real angel
and a banker, "I Married an Angel,"
from the book by Rogers and Hart,
comes to the Civic Auditorium in
San Jose Saturday night. Having
played in New York City for a solid
year, with long engagements in
Chicago and Boston, the company is
on a transcontinental tour with a
large cast and four carloads of
scenery, properties and effects.
Dwight Deere Wiman's rib-tiek
ling musical comedy of a real angel
and a banker, "I Married an Angel,"
from the book by Rogers and Hart,
comes to the Civic Auditorium in
San Jose Saturday night. Having
played in New York City for a solid
year, with long engagements in
Chicago and Boston, the company is
on a transcontinental tour with a
large cast and four carloads of
scenery, properties and effects.
Dwight Deere Wiman's rib-tiek
ling musical comedy of a real angel
and a banker, "I Married an Angel,"
from the book by Rogers and Hart,
comes to the Civic Auditorium in
San Jose Saturday night. Having
played in New York City for a solid
year, with long engagements in
Chicago and Boston, the company is
on a transcontinental tour with a
large cast and four carloads of
scenery, properties and effects.
Dwight Deere Wiman's rib-tiek
ling musical comedy of a real angel
and a banker, "I Married an Angel,"
from the book by Rogers and Hart,
comes to the Civic Auditorium in
San Jose Saturday night. Having
played in New York City for a solid
year, with long engagements in
Chicago and Boston, the company is
on a transcontinental tour with a
large cast and four carloads of
scenery, properties and effects.
Dwight Deere Wiman's rib-tiek
ling musical comedy of a real angel
and a banker, "I Married an Angel,"
from the book by Rogers and Hart,
comes to the Civic Auditorium in
San Jose Saturday night. Having
played in New York City for a solid
year, with long engagements in
Chicago and Boston, the company is
on a transcontinental tour with a
large cast and four carloads of
scenery, properties and effects.
Dwight Deere Wiman's rib-tiek
ling musical comedy of a real angel
and a banker, "I Married an Angel,"
from the book by Rogers and Hart,
comes to the Civic Auditorium in
San Jose Saturday night. Having
played in New York City for a solid
year, with long engagements in
Chicago and Boston, the company is
on a transcontinental tour with a
large cast and four carloads of
scenery, properties and effects.
