# Hospitals Crowded Says Fire Marshal
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 8 (UP).â€”
California authorities are "tempting
disaster" by permitting overcrowded
hospitals and institutions which are
virtual fire traps lacking adequate
lire protection, State Fire Marshal
Lydell Peck reported today in a
highly critical survey.
The survey covered the Agnew,
Patton, Stockton, Napa and Norwalk
mental hospitals; the Sonoma State
Home for Feeble-Minded; the Vet
erans' Hospital at Yountville; and
the Preston Reformatory for Boys.
"Over-crowding has reached the
bursting point and no state division
can longer be held responsible for
the existing conditions nor for a
catastrophe should it occur," Peck
.'.aid in the report submitted to Gov
ernor Culbert Olson.
