# FINNS CUT RAILROAD
## 
### 
COPENHAGEN, Jan. 8 (UP). — |
Scandinavian newspaper dispatches
reported without confirmation today
that 10 patrols of Finnish "ski cav
alry," striking G5 miles across the [
frontier from Kuusamo, have cut the
Leningrad - Murmansk railroad at
Tsupa. '
COPENHAGEN, Jan. 8 (UP). — |
Scandinavian newspaper dispatches
reported without confirmation today
that 10 patrols of Finnish "ski cav
alry," striking G5 miles across the [
frontier from Kuusamo, have cut the
Leningrad - Murmansk railroad at
Tsupa. '
COPENHAGEN, Jan. 8 (UP). — |
Scandinavian newspaper dispatches
reported without confirmation today
that 10 patrols of Finnish "ski cav
alry," striking G5 miles across the [
frontier from Kuusamo, have cut the
Leningrad - Murmansk railroad at
Tsupa. '
COPENHAGEN, Jan. 8 (UP). — |
Scandinavian newspaper dispatches
reported without confirmation today
that 10 patrols of Finnish "ski cav
alry," striking G5 miles across the [
frontier from Kuusamo, have cut the
Leningrad - Murmansk railroad at
Tsupa. '
COPENHAGEN, Jan. 8 (UP). — |
Scandinavian newspaper dispatches
reported without confirmation today
that 10 patrols of Finnish "ski cav
alry," striking G5 miles across the [
frontier from Kuusamo, have cut the
Leningrad - Murmansk railroad at
Tsupa. '
COPENHAGEN, Jan. 8 (UP). — |
Scandinavian newspaper dispatches
reported without confirmation today
that 10 patrols of Finnish "ski cav
alry," striking G5 miles across the [
frontier from Kuusamo, have cut the
Leningrad - Murmansk railroad at
Tsupa. '
COPENHAGEN, Jan. 8 (UP). — |
Scandinavian newspaper dispatches
reported without confirmation today
that 10 patrols of Finnish "ski cav
alry," striking G5 miles across the [
frontier from Kuusamo, have cut the
Leningrad - Murmansk railroad at
Tsupa. '
COPENHAGEN, Jan. 8 (UP). — |
Scandinavian newspaper dispatches
reported without confirmation today
that 10 patrols of Finnish "ski cav
alry," striking G5 miles across the [
frontier from Kuusamo, have cut the
Leningrad - Murmansk railroad at
Tsupa. '
COPENHAGEN, Jan. 8 (UP). — |
Scandinavian newspaper dispatches
reported without confirmation today
that 10 patrols of Finnish "ski cav
alry," striking G5 miles across the [
frontier from Kuusamo, have cut the
Leningrad - Murmansk railroad at
Tsupa. '
COPENHAGEN, Jan. 8 (UP). — |
Scandinavian newspaper dispatches
reported without confirmation today
that 10 patrols of Finnish "ski cav
alry," striking G5 miles across the [
frontier from Kuusamo, have cut the
Leningrad - Murmansk railroad at
Tsupa. '
COPENHAGEN, Jan. 8 (UP). — |
Scandinavian newspaper dispatches
reported without confirmation today
that 10 patrols of Finnish "ski cav
alry," striking G5 miles across the [
frontier from Kuusamo, have cut the
Leningrad - Murmansk railroad at
Tsupa. '
COPENHAGEN, Jan. 8 (UP). — |
Scandinavian newspaper dispatches
reported without confirmation today
that 10 patrols of Finnish "ski cav
alry," striking G5 miles across the [
frontier from Kuusamo, have cut the
Leningrad - Murmansk railroad at
Tsupa. '
COPENHAGEN, Jan. 8 (UP). — |
Scandinavian newspaper dispatches
reported without confirmation today
that 10 patrols of Finnish "ski cav
alry," striking G5 miles across the [
frontier from Kuusamo, have cut the
Leningrad - Murmansk railroad at
Tsupa. '
COPENHAGEN, Jan. 8 (UP). — |
Scandinavian newspaper dispatches
reported without confirmation today
that 10 patrols of Finnish "ski cav
alry," striking G5 miles across the [
frontier from Kuusamo, have cut the
Leningrad - Murmansk railroad at
Tsupa. '
COPENHAGEN, Jan. 8 (UP). — |
Scandinavian newspaper dispatches
reported without confirmation today
that 10 patrols of Finnish "ski cav
alry," striking G5 miles across the [
frontier from Kuusamo, have cut the
Leningrad - Murmansk railroad at
Tsupa. '
COPENHAGEN, Jan. 8 (UP). — |
Scandinavian newspaper dispatches
reported without confirmation today
that 10 patrols of Finnish "ski cav
alry," striking G5 miles across the [
frontier from Kuusamo, have cut the
Leningrad - Murmansk railroad at
Tsupa. '
COPENHAGEN, Jan. 8 (UP). — |
Scandinavian newspaper dispatches
reported without confirmation today
that 10 patrols of Finnish "ski cav
alry," striking G5 miles across the [
frontier from Kuusamo, have cut the
Leningrad - Murmansk railroad at
Tsupa. '
