# Brandt to Speak On Stanford Hour
## 
### 
The effects of technical improve
ments in industry will be discussed
by Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of
agricultural economics in Stanford's
Food Research Institute, during the
weekly Stanford radio program,
which will be heard next 'Monday
from station KGO.
The subject of Dr. Brandt' talk,
which begins at 8:30 p.m., is, "The
Economic Effects of Technological
Progress."
The effects of technical improve
ments in industry will be discussed
by Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of
agricultural economics in Stanford's
Food Research Institute, during the
weekly Stanford radio program,
which will be heard next 'Monday
from station KGO.
The subject of Dr. Brandt' talk,
which begins at 8:30 p.m., is, "The
Economic Effects of Technological
Progress."
The effects of technical improve
ments in industry will be discussed
by Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of
agricultural economics in Stanford's
Food Research Institute, during the
weekly Stanford radio program,
which will be heard next 'Monday
from station KGO.
The subject of Dr. Brandt' talk,
which begins at 8:30 p.m., is, "The
Economic Effects of Technological
Progress."
The effects of technical improve
ments in industry will be discussed
by Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of
agricultural economics in Stanford's
Food Research Institute, during the
weekly Stanford radio program,
which will be heard next 'Monday
from station KGO.
The subject of Dr. Brandt' talk,
which begins at 8:30 p.m., is, "The
Economic Effects of Technological
Progress."
The effects of technical improve
ments in industry will be discussed
by Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of
agricultural economics in Stanford's
Food Research Institute, during the
weekly Stanford radio program,
which will be heard next 'Monday
from station KGO.
The subject of Dr. Brandt' talk,
which begins at 8:30 p.m., is, "The
Economic Effects of Technological
Progress."
The effects of technical improve
ments in industry will be discussed
by Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of
agricultural economics in Stanford's
Food Research Institute, during the
weekly Stanford radio program,
which will be heard next 'Monday
from station KGO.
The subject of Dr. Brandt' talk,
which begins at 8:30 p.m., is, "The
Economic Effects of Technological
Progress."
The effects of technical improve
ments in industry will be discussed
by Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of
agricultural economics in Stanford's
Food Research Institute, during the
weekly Stanford radio program,
which will be heard next 'Monday
from station KGO.
The subject of Dr. Brandt' talk,
which begins at 8:30 p.m., is, "The
Economic Effects of Technological
Progress."
The effects of technical improve
ments in industry will be discussed
by Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of
agricultural economics in Stanford's
Food Research Institute, during the
weekly Stanford radio program,
which will be heard next 'Monday
from station KGO.
The subject of Dr. Brandt' talk,
which begins at 8:30 p.m., is, "The
Economic Effects of Technological
Progress."
The effects of technical improve
ments in industry will be discussed
by Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of
agricultural economics in Stanford's
Food Research Institute, during the
weekly Stanford radio program,
which will be heard next 'Monday
from station KGO.
The subject of Dr. Brandt' talk,
which begins at 8:30 p.m., is, "The
Economic Effects of Technological
Progress."
The effects of technical improve
ments in industry will be discussed
by Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of
agricultural economics in Stanford's
Food Research Institute, during the
weekly Stanford radio program,
which will be heard next 'Monday
from station KGO.
The subject of Dr. Brandt' talk,
which begins at 8:30 p.m., is, "The
Economic Effects of Technological
Progress."
The effects of technical improve
ments in industry will be discussed
by Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of
agricultural economics in Stanford's
Food Research Institute, during the
weekly Stanford radio program,
which will be heard next 'Monday
from station KGO.
The subject of Dr. Brandt' talk,
which begins at 8:30 p.m., is, "The
Economic Effects of Technological
Progress."
The effects of technical improve
ments in industry will be discussed
by Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of
agricultural economics in Stanford's
Food Research Institute, during the
weekly Stanford radio program,
which will be heard next 'Monday
from station KGO.
The subject of Dr. Brandt' talk,
which begins at 8:30 p.m., is, "The
Economic Effects of Technological
Progress."
The effects of technical improve
ments in industry will be discussed
by Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of
agricultural economics in Stanford's
Food Research Institute, during the
weekly Stanford radio program,
which will be heard next 'Monday
from station KGO.
The subject of Dr. Brandt' talk,
which begins at 8:30 p.m., is, "The
Economic Effects of Technological
Progress."
The effects of technical improve
ments in industry will be discussed
by Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of
agricultural economics in Stanford's
Food Research Institute, during the
weekly Stanford radio program,
which will be heard next 'Monday
from station KGO.
The subject of Dr. Brandt' talk,
which begins at 8:30 p.m., is, "The
Economic Effects of Technological
Progress."
The effects of technical improve
ments in industry will be discussed
by Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of
agricultural economics in Stanford's
Food Research Institute, during the
weekly Stanford radio program,
which will be heard next 'Monday
from station KGO.
The subject of Dr. Brandt' talk,
which begins at 8:30 p.m., is, "The
Economic Effects of Technological
Progress."
The effects of technical improve
ments in industry will be discussed
by Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of
agricultural economics in Stanford's
Food Research Institute, during the
weekly Stanford radio program,
which will be heard next 'Monday
from station KGO.
The subject of Dr. Brandt' talk,
which begins at 8:30 p.m., is, "The
Economic Effects of Technological
Progress."
