# Untitled Article
## 
### 
With 55 student tickets returned
from California for the Cal-Stan
ford game tonight, Don Lieben
dorfcr, director of publicity, has
announced that those signed on the
waiting list may call for the tick
ets this morning at the Board of
Athletic Control. No students not
on the list need apply, as the num
ber already signed exceeds the
number of returned tickets avail
able.
With 55 student tickets returned
from California for the Cal-Stan
ford game tonight, Don Lieben
dorfcr, director of publicity, has
announced that those signed on the
waiting list may call for the tick
ets this morning at the Board of
Athletic Control. No students not
on the list need apply, as the num
ber already signed exceeds the
number of returned tickets avail
able.
With 55 student tickets returned
from California for the Cal-Stan
ford game tonight, Don Lieben
dorfcr, director of publicity, has
announced that those signed on the
waiting list may call for the tick
ets this morning at the Board of
Athletic Control. No students not
on the list need apply, as the num
ber already signed exceeds the
number of returned tickets avail
able.
With 55 student tickets returned
from California for the Cal-Stan
ford game tonight, Don Lieben
dorfcr, director of publicity, has
announced that those signed on the
waiting list may call for the tick
ets this morning at the Board of
Athletic Control. No students not
on the list need apply, as the num
ber already signed exceeds the
number of returned tickets avail
able.
With 55 student tickets returned
from California for the Cal-Stan
ford game tonight, Don Lieben
dorfcr, director of publicity, has
announced that those signed on the
waiting list may call for the tick
ets this morning at the Board of
Athletic Control. No students not
on the list need apply, as the num
ber already signed exceeds the
number of returned tickets avail
able.
With 55 student tickets returned
from California for the Cal-Stan
ford game tonight, Don Lieben
dorfcr, director of publicity, has
announced that those signed on the
waiting list may call for the tick
ets this morning at the Board of
Athletic Control. No students not
on the list need apply, as the num
ber already signed exceeds the
number of returned tickets avail
able.
With 55 student tickets returned
from California for the Cal-Stan
ford game tonight, Don Lieben
dorfcr, director of publicity, has
announced that those signed on the
waiting list may call for the tick
ets this morning at the Board of
Athletic Control. No students not
on the list need apply, as the num
ber already signed exceeds the
number of returned tickets avail
able.
With 55 student tickets returned
from California for the Cal-Stan
ford game tonight, Don Lieben
dorfcr, director of publicity, has
announced that those signed on the
waiting list may call for the tick
ets this morning at the Board of
Athletic Control. No students not
on the list need apply, as the num
ber already signed exceeds the
number of returned tickets avail
able.
With 55 student tickets returned
from California for the Cal-Stan
ford game tonight, Don Lieben
dorfcr, director of publicity, has
announced that those signed on the
waiting list may call for the tick
ets this morning at the Board of
Athletic Control. No students not
on the list need apply, as the num
ber already signed exceeds the
number of returned tickets avail
able.
With 55 student tickets returned
from California for the Cal-Stan
ford game tonight, Don Lieben
dorfcr, director of publicity, has
announced that those signed on the
waiting list may call for the tick
ets this morning at the Board of
Athletic Control. No students not
on the list need apply, as the num
ber already signed exceeds the
number of returned tickets avail
able.
With 55 student tickets returned
from California for the Cal-Stan
ford game tonight, Don Lieben
dorfcr, director of publicity, has
announced that those signed on the
waiting list may call for the tick
ets this morning at the Board of
Athletic Control. No students not
on the list need apply, as the num
ber already signed exceeds the
number of returned tickets avail
able.
With 55 student tickets returned
from California for the Cal-Stan
ford game tonight, Don Lieben
dorfcr, director of publicity, has
announced that those signed on the
waiting list may call for the tick
ets this morning at the Board of
Athletic Control. No students not
on the list need apply, as the num
ber already signed exceeds the
number of returned tickets avail
able.
With 55 student tickets returned
from California for the Cal-Stan
ford game tonight, Don Lieben
dorfcr, director of publicity, has
announced that those signed on the
waiting list may call for the tick
ets this morning at the Board of
Athletic Control. No students not
on the list need apply, as the num
ber already signed exceeds the
number of returned tickets avail
able.
With 55 student tickets returned
from California for the Cal-Stan
ford game tonight, Don Lieben
dorfcr, director of publicity, has
announced that those signed on the
waiting list may call for the tick
ets this morning at the Board of
Athletic Control. No students not
on the list need apply, as the num
ber already signed exceeds the
number of returned tickets avail
able.
With 55 student tickets returned
from California for the Cal-Stan
ford game tonight, Don Lieben
dorfcr, director of publicity, has
announced that those signed on the
waiting list may call for the tick
ets this morning at the Board of
Athletic Control. No students not
on the list need apply, as the num
ber already signed exceeds the
number of returned tickets avail
able.
With 55 student tickets returned
from California for the Cal-Stan
ford game tonight, Don Lieben
dorfcr, director of publicity, has
announced that those signed on the
waiting list may call for the tick
ets this morning at the Board of
Athletic Control. No students not
on the list need apply, as the num
ber already signed exceeds the
number of returned tickets avail
able.
