# Westminster Club To Go Ice Skating
## 
### 
Westminster Club will hold an
ice-skating party tomorrow evening
in' San Francisco. Club members
and all interested will leave the
Presbyterian Church, Forest and
Waverlcy Streets, at 5:30 o'clock.
Before going to the rink, all will
have supper in Chinatown.
Nominations of club officers for
the remainder of the school year
will be made at the Sunday evening
meeting to be held in the church.
Westminster Club will hold an
ice-skating party tomorrow evening
in' San Francisco. Club members
and all interested will leave the
Presbyterian Church, Forest and
Waverlcy Streets, at 5:30 o'clock.
Before going to the rink, all will
have supper in Chinatown.
Nominations of club officers for
the remainder of the school year
will be made at the Sunday evening
meeting to be held in the church.
Westminster Club will hold an
ice-skating party tomorrow evening
in' San Francisco. Club members
and all interested will leave the
Presbyterian Church, Forest and
Waverlcy Streets, at 5:30 o'clock.
Before going to the rink, all will
have supper in Chinatown.
Nominations of club officers for
the remainder of the school year
will be made at the Sunday evening
meeting to be held in the church.
Westminster Club will hold an
ice-skating party tomorrow evening
in' San Francisco. Club members
and all interested will leave the
Presbyterian Church, Forest and
Waverlcy Streets, at 5:30 o'clock.
Before going to the rink, all will
have supper in Chinatown.
Nominations of club officers for
the remainder of the school year
will be made at the Sunday evening
meeting to be held in the church.
Westminster Club will hold an
ice-skating party tomorrow evening
in' San Francisco. Club members
and all interested will leave the
Presbyterian Church, Forest and
Waverlcy Streets, at 5:30 o'clock.
Before going to the rink, all will
have supper in Chinatown.
Nominations of club officers for
the remainder of the school year
will be made at the Sunday evening
meeting to be held in the church.
Westminster Club will hold an
ice-skating party tomorrow evening
in' San Francisco. Club members
and all interested will leave the
Presbyterian Church, Forest and
Waverlcy Streets, at 5:30 o'clock.
Before going to the rink, all will
have supper in Chinatown.
Nominations of club officers for
the remainder of the school year
will be made at the Sunday evening
meeting to be held in the church.
Westminster Club will hold an
ice-skating party tomorrow evening
in' San Francisco. Club members
and all interested will leave the
Presbyterian Church, Forest and
Waverlcy Streets, at 5:30 o'clock.
Before going to the rink, all will
have supper in Chinatown.
Nominations of club officers for
the remainder of the school year
will be made at the Sunday evening
meeting to be held in the church.
Westminster Club will hold an
ice-skating party tomorrow evening
in' San Francisco. Club members
and all interested will leave the
Presbyterian Church, Forest and
Waverlcy Streets, at 5:30 o'clock.
Before going to the rink, all will
have supper in Chinatown.
Nominations of club officers for
the remainder of the school year
will be made at the Sunday evening
meeting to be held in the church.
Westminster Club will hold an
ice-skating party tomorrow evening
in' San Francisco. Club members
and all interested will leave the
Presbyterian Church, Forest and
Waverlcy Streets, at 5:30 o'clock.
Before going to the rink, all will
have supper in Chinatown.
Nominations of club officers for
the remainder of the school year
will be made at the Sunday evening
meeting to be held in the church.
Westminster Club will hold an
ice-skating party tomorrow evening
in' San Francisco. Club members
and all interested will leave the
Presbyterian Church, Forest and
Waverlcy Streets, at 5:30 o'clock.
Before going to the rink, all will
have supper in Chinatown.
Nominations of club officers for
the remainder of the school year
will be made at the Sunday evening
meeting to be held in the church.
Westminster Club will hold an
ice-skating party tomorrow evening
in' San Francisco. Club members
and all interested will leave the
Presbyterian Church, Forest and
Waverlcy Streets, at 5:30 o'clock.
Before going to the rink, all will
have supper in Chinatown.
Nominations of club officers for
the remainder of the school year
will be made at the Sunday evening
meeting to be held in the church.
Westminster Club will hold an
ice-skating party tomorrow evening
in' San Francisco. Club members
and all interested will leave the
Presbyterian Church, Forest and
Waverlcy Streets, at 5:30 o'clock.
Before going to the rink, all will
have supper in Chinatown.
Nominations of club officers for
the remainder of the school year
will be made at the Sunday evening
meeting to be held in the church.
Westminster Club will hold an
ice-skating party tomorrow evening
in' San Francisco. Club members
and all interested will leave the
Presbyterian Church, Forest and
Waverlcy Streets, at 5:30 o'clock.
Before going to the rink, all will
have supper in Chinatown.
Nominations of club officers for
the remainder of the school year
will be made at the Sunday evening
meeting to be held in the church.
Westminster Club will hold an
ice-skating party tomorrow evening
in' San Francisco. Club members
and all interested will leave the
Presbyterian Church, Forest and
Waverlcy Streets, at 5:30 o'clock.
Before going to the rink, all will
have supper in Chinatown.
Nominations of club officers for
the remainder of the school year
will be made at the Sunday evening
meeting to be held in the church.
Westminster Club will hold an
ice-skating party tomorrow evening
in' San Francisco. Club members
and all interested will leave the
Presbyterian Church, Forest and
Waverlcy Streets, at 5:30 o'clock.
Before going to the rink, all will
have supper in Chinatown.
Nominations of club officers for
the remainder of the school year
will be made at the Sunday evening
meeting to be held in the church.
Westminster Club will hold an
ice-skating party tomorrow evening
in' San Francisco. Club members
and all interested will leave the
Presbyterian Church, Forest and
Waverlcy Streets, at 5:30 o'clock.
Before going to the rink, all will
have supper in Chinatown.
Nominations of club officers for
the remainder of the school year
will be made at the Sunday evening
meeting to be held in the church.
