# ENROLLMENT PEAK
## 
### 
TOLEDO, 0., Jan. 19 (UP).—The
University ol Toledo':; peak student
enrollment of 2'M2 tudents is 157
higher than the previous peak in
1936-37 and. in addition, there are
more than 1000 students registered
in "opportunity" classes for which
no credit is given.
TOLEDO, 0., Jan. 19 (UP).—The
University ol Toledo':; peak student
enrollment of 2'M2 tudents is 157
higher than the previous peak in
1936-37 and. in addition, there are
more than 1000 students registered
in "opportunity" classes for which
no credit is given.
TOLEDO, 0., Jan. 19 (UP).—The
University ol Toledo':; peak student
enrollment of 2'M2 tudents is 157
higher than the previous peak in
1936-37 and. in addition, there are
more than 1000 students registered
in "opportunity" classes for which
no credit is given.
TOLEDO, 0., Jan. 19 (UP).—The
University ol Toledo':; peak student
enrollment of 2'M2 tudents is 157
higher than the previous peak in
1936-37 and. in addition, there are
more than 1000 students registered
in "opportunity" classes for which
no credit is given.
TOLEDO, 0., Jan. 19 (UP).—The
University ol Toledo':; peak student
enrollment of 2'M2 tudents is 157
higher than the previous peak in
1936-37 and. in addition, there are
more than 1000 students registered
in "opportunity" classes for which
no credit is given.
TOLEDO, 0., Jan. 19 (UP).—The
University ol Toledo':; peak student
enrollment of 2'M2 tudents is 157
higher than the previous peak in
1936-37 and. in addition, there are
more than 1000 students registered
in "opportunity" classes for which
no credit is given.
TOLEDO, 0., Jan. 19 (UP).—The
University ol Toledo':; peak student
enrollment of 2'M2 tudents is 157
higher than the previous peak in
1936-37 and. in addition, there are
more than 1000 students registered
in "opportunity" classes for which
no credit is given.
TOLEDO, 0., Jan. 19 (UP).—The
University ol Toledo':; peak student
enrollment of 2'M2 tudents is 157
higher than the previous peak in
1936-37 and. in addition, there are
more than 1000 students registered
in "opportunity" classes for which
no credit is given.
TOLEDO, 0., Jan. 19 (UP).—The
University ol Toledo':; peak student
enrollment of 2'M2 tudents is 157
higher than the previous peak in
1936-37 and. in addition, there are
more than 1000 students registered
in "opportunity" classes for which
no credit is given.
TOLEDO, 0., Jan. 19 (UP).—The
University ol Toledo':; peak student
enrollment of 2'M2 tudents is 157
higher than the previous peak in
1936-37 and. in addition, there are
more than 1000 students registered
in "opportunity" classes for which
no credit is given.
TOLEDO, 0., Jan. 19 (UP).—The
University ol Toledo':; peak student
enrollment of 2'M2 tudents is 157
higher than the previous peak in
1936-37 and. in addition, there are
more than 1000 students registered
in "opportunity" classes for which
no credit is given.
TOLEDO, 0., Jan. 19 (UP).—The
University ol Toledo':; peak student
enrollment of 2'M2 tudents is 157
higher than the previous peak in
1936-37 and. in addition, there are
more than 1000 students registered
in "opportunity" classes for which
no credit is given.
TOLEDO, 0., Jan. 19 (UP).—The
University ol Toledo':; peak student
enrollment of 2'M2 tudents is 157
higher than the previous peak in
1936-37 and. in addition, there are
more than 1000 students registered
in "opportunity" classes for which
no credit is given.
TOLEDO, 0., Jan. 19 (UP).—The
University ol Toledo':; peak student
enrollment of 2'M2 tudents is 157
higher than the previous peak in
1936-37 and. in addition, there are
more than 1000 students registered
in "opportunity" classes for which
no credit is given.
TOLEDO, 0., Jan. 19 (UP).—The
University ol Toledo':; peak student
enrollment of 2'M2 tudents is 157
higher than the previous peak in
1936-37 and. in addition, there are
more than 1000 students registered
in "opportunity" classes for which
no credit is given.
TOLEDO, 0., Jan. 19 (UP).—The
University ol Toledo':; peak student
enrollment of 2'M2 tudents is 157
higher than the previous peak in
1936-37 and. in addition, there are
more than 1000 students registered
in "opportunity" classes for which
no credit is given.
