# Writers announced for speaker series
## 
### Katie Smith 
Novelist Bernard Malamud, poet
Adrienne Rich and short fiction writ
er john Hawkes will join authors Ray
Bradbury and Gore Vidal as lecturers
here for the ASSU Speakers Bureau's
winter quarter "Writers Series,"
project chair Glynn O'Donnell an
nounced yesterday.
The Pulitzer Prize-winning
Malamud has had an illustrious ca
reer, both as a fiction writer and an

educator. After completing graduate
work at Columbia University in 1942,
his teaching career ranged from in
structing at a New York City high
school in the 1940s to working as a vis
iting lecturer at Harvard University
from 1966-68.
Prof. John Felstiner was en
thusiastic about Malamud's arrival,
noting that the author "has com
passionately probed the lives of
American jews to see what is univer

sal in them." He particularly praised
Malamud's collection of short stories
The Magic Barrel, and his novel The
Fixer, for their portrayal of the
"dogged spirit of the Russian Jew."
Both works were honored with the
National Book Award fiction prize.
Rich, educated at Radcliffe and
Smith colleges, has succeeded in
combining a life of teaching, writing
and feminism. Currently a professor
of English at Rutgers University, she is

also on the advising body of "The
Feminist Press" and is a contributing
editor to "Chrysallis: A Magazine of
Women's Culture."
Stanford English Prof. Arturo Islas
calls Rich "one of the best feminist
poets" and said he finds her most re
cent pieces, On Lies, Secrets and Si
lence: Selected Prose and Of Wom
en Born: Motherhood as Experience
and Institution "stunning bio
