# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Talus Haight/Daily
What's cooking?
Willing students can learn to cook at the ASSU cooking class,
held in the Lambda Nu kitchen, every Tuesday evening. The class
is being offered for the small fee of $35.00 for the seven classes.

Talus Haight/Daily
What's cooking?
Willing students can learn to cook at the ASSU cooking class,
held in the Lambda Nu kitchen, every Tuesday evening. The class
is being offered for the small fee of $35.00 for the seven classes.

Talus Haight/Daily
What's cooking?
Willing students can learn to cook at the ASSU cooking class,
held in the Lambda Nu kitchen, every Tuesday evening. The class
is being offered for the small fee of $35.00 for the seven classes.

Talus Haight/Daily
What's cooking?
Willing students can learn to cook at the ASSU cooking class,
held in the Lambda Nu kitchen, every Tuesday evening. The class
is being offered for the small fee of $35.00 for the seven classes.

Talus Haight/Daily
What's cooking?
Willing students can learn to cook at the ASSU cooking class,
held in the Lambda Nu kitchen, every Tuesday evening. The class
is being offered for the small fee of $35.00 for the seven classes.

Talus Haight/Daily
What's cooking?
Willing students can learn to cook at the ASSU cooking class,
held in the Lambda Nu kitchen, every Tuesday evening. The class
is being offered for the small fee of $35.00 for the seven classes.

Talus Haight/Daily
What's cooking?
Willing students can learn to cook at the ASSU cooking class,
held in the Lambda Nu kitchen, every Tuesday evening. The class
is being offered for the small fee of $35.00 for the seven classes.

Talus Haight/Daily
What's cooking?
Willing students can learn to cook at the ASSU cooking class,
held in the Lambda Nu kitchen, every Tuesday evening. The class
is being offered for the small fee of $35.00 for the seven classes.

Talus Haight/Daily
What's cooking?
Willing students can learn to cook at the ASSU cooking class,
held in the Lambda Nu kitchen, every Tuesday evening. The class
is being offered for the small fee of $35.00 for the seven classes.

Talus Haight/Daily
What's cooking?
Willing students can learn to cook at the ASSU cooking class,
held in the Lambda Nu kitchen, every Tuesday evening. The class
is being offered for the small fee of $35.00 for the seven classes.
