# Commission Seeks Game Refuge Aids
## 
### 
Qualified persons to fill posts on
federal game refuges in the Fish and
Wildlife service of the Department
of the Interior, with entrance sal
aries of $1,440 a year, are being
sought by the United States Civil
Service Commission.
Applications are available at post
offices and should be filed with the
commission in Washington, D.C., by
Oct. 19. Three years of college study
with not less than six semester hours
in game management or wildlife
conservation will admit applicants.
No age limits were announced.
Qualified persons to fill posts on
federal game refuges in the Fish and
Wildlife service of the Department
of the Interior, with entrance sal
aries of $1,440 a year, are being
sought by the United States Civil
Service Commission.
Applications are available at post
offices and should be filed with the
commission in Washington, D.C., by
Oct. 19. Three years of college study
with not less than six semester hours
in game management or wildlife
conservation will admit applicants.
No age limits were announced.
Qualified persons to fill posts on
federal game refuges in the Fish and
Wildlife service of the Department
of the Interior, with entrance sal
aries of $1,440 a year, are being
sought by the United States Civil
Service Commission.
Applications are available at post
offices and should be filed with the
commission in Washington, D.C., by
Oct. 19. Three years of college study
with not less than six semester hours
in game management or wildlife
conservation will admit applicants.
No age limits were announced.
Qualified persons to fill posts on
federal game refuges in the Fish and
Wildlife service of the Department
of the Interior, with entrance sal
aries of $1,440 a year, are being
sought by the United States Civil
Service Commission.
Applications are available at post
offices and should be filed with the
commission in Washington, D.C., by
Oct. 19. Three years of college study
with not less than six semester hours
in game management or wildlife
conservation will admit applicants.
No age limits were announced.
Qualified persons to fill posts on
federal game refuges in the Fish and
Wildlife service of the Department
of the Interior, with entrance sal
aries of $1,440 a year, are being
sought by the United States Civil
Service Commission.
Applications are available at post
offices and should be filed with the
commission in Washington, D.C., by
Oct. 19. Three years of college study
with not less than six semester hours
in game management or wildlife
conservation will admit applicants.
No age limits were announced.
Qualified persons to fill posts on
federal game refuges in the Fish and
Wildlife service of the Department
of the Interior, with entrance sal
aries of $1,440 a year, are being
sought by the United States Civil
Service Commission.
Applications are available at post
offices and should be filed with the
commission in Washington, D.C., by
Oct. 19. Three years of college study
with not less than six semester hours
in game management or wildlife
conservation will admit applicants.
No age limits were announced.
Qualified persons to fill posts on
federal game refuges in the Fish and
Wildlife service of the Department
of the Interior, with entrance sal
aries of $1,440 a year, are being
sought by the United States Civil
Service Commission.
Applications are available at post
offices and should be filed with the
commission in Washington, D.C., by
Oct. 19. Three years of college study
with not less than six semester hours
in game management or wildlife
conservation will admit applicants.
No age limits were announced.
Qualified persons to fill posts on
federal game refuges in the Fish and
Wildlife service of the Department
of the Interior, with entrance sal
aries of $1,440 a year, are being
sought by the United States Civil
Service Commission.
Applications are available at post
offices and should be filed with the
commission in Washington, D.C., by
Oct. 19. Three years of college study
with not less than six semester hours
in game management or wildlife
conservation will admit applicants.
No age limits were announced.
Qualified persons to fill posts on
federal game refuges in the Fish and
Wildlife service of the Department
of the Interior, with entrance sal
aries of $1,440 a year, are being
sought by the United States Civil
Service Commission.
Applications are available at post
offices and should be filed with the
commission in Washington, D.C., by
Oct. 19. Three years of college study
with not less than six semester hours
in game management or wildlife
conservation will admit applicants.
No age limits were announced.
Qualified persons to fill posts on
federal game refuges in the Fish and
Wildlife service of the Department
of the Interior, with entrance sal
aries of $1,440 a year, are being
sought by the United States Civil
Service Commission.
Applications are available at post
offices and should be filed with the
commission in Washington, D.C., by
Oct. 19. Three years of college study
with not less than six semester hours
in game management or wildlife
conservation will admit applicants.
No age limits were announced.
Qualified persons to fill posts on
federal game refuges in the Fish and
Wildlife service of the Department
of the Interior, with entrance sal
aries of $1,440 a year, are being
sought by the United States Civil
Service Commission.
Applications are available at post
offices and should be filed with the
commission in Washington, D.C., by
Oct. 19. Three years of college study
with not less than six semester hours
in game management or wildlife
conservation will admit applicants.
No age limits were announced.
Qualified persons to fill posts on
federal game refuges in the Fish and
Wildlife service of the Department
of the Interior, with entrance sal
aries of $1,440 a year, are being
sought by the United States Civil
Service Commission.
Applications are available at post
offices and should be filed with the
commission in Washington, D.C., by
Oct. 19. Three years of college study
with not less than six semester hours
in game management or wildlife
conservation will admit applicants.
No age limits were announced.
Qualified persons to fill posts on
federal game refuges in the Fish and
Wildlife service of the Department
of the Interior, with entrance sal
aries of $1,440 a year, are being
sought by the United States Civil
Service Commission.
Applications are available at post
offices and should be filed with the
commission in Washington, D.C., by
Oct. 19. Three years of college study
with not less than six semester hours
in game management or wildlife
conservation will admit applicants.
No age limits were announced.
Qualified persons to fill posts on
federal game refuges in the Fish and
Wildlife service of the Department
of the Interior, with entrance sal
aries of $1,440 a year, are being
sought by the United States Civil
Service Commission.
Applications are available at post
offices and should be filed with the
commission in Washington, D.C., by
Oct. 19. Three years of college study
with not less than six semester hours
in game management or wildlife
conservation will admit applicants.
No age limits were announced.
Qualified persons to fill posts on
federal game refuges in the Fish and
Wildlife service of the Department
of the Interior, with entrance sal
aries of $1,440 a year, are being
sought by the United States Civil
Service Commission.
Applications are available at post
offices and should be filed with the
commission in Washington, D.C., by
Oct. 19. Three years of college study
with not less than six semester hours
in game management or wildlife
conservation will admit applicants.
No age limits were announced.
Qualified persons to fill posts on
federal game refuges in the Fish and
Wildlife service of the Department
of the Interior, with entrance sal
aries of $1,440 a year, are being
sought by the United States Civil
Service Commission.
Applications are available at post
offices and should be filed with the
commission in Washington, D.C., by
Oct. 19. Three years of college study
with not less than six semester hours
in game management or wildlife
conservation will admit applicants.
No age limits were announced.
