# FILE FOR MED SCHOOL
## 
### 
Applications for Med School should
be forwarded as soon as possible 1o
the Medical Admissions office, since
the committee on admissions will
begin acting upon applications this
quarter. Personal interviews will be
arranged, as soon as the schedule of
h'ours is completed, and the appli
cants credentials are received.
Applications for Med School should
be forwarded as soon as possible 1o
the Medical Admissions office, since
the committee on admissions will
begin acting upon applications this
quarter. Personal interviews will be
arranged, as soon as the schedule of
h'ours is completed, and the appli
cants credentials are received.
Applications for Med School should
be forwarded as soon as possible 1o
the Medical Admissions office, since
the committee on admissions will
begin acting upon applications this
quarter. Personal interviews will be
arranged, as soon as the schedule of
h'ours is completed, and the appli
cants credentials are received.
Applications for Med School should
be forwarded as soon as possible 1o
the Medical Admissions office, since
the committee on admissions will
begin acting upon applications this
quarter. Personal interviews will be
arranged, as soon as the schedule of
h'ours is completed, and the appli
cants credentials are received.
Applications for Med School should
be forwarded as soon as possible 1o
the Medical Admissions office, since
the committee on admissions will
begin acting upon applications this
quarter. Personal interviews will be
arranged, as soon as the schedule of
h'ours is completed, and the appli
cants credentials are received.
Applications for Med School should
be forwarded as soon as possible 1o
the Medical Admissions office, since
the committee on admissions will
begin acting upon applications this
quarter. Personal interviews will be
arranged, as soon as the schedule of
h'ours is completed, and the appli
cants credentials are received.
Applications for Med School should
be forwarded as soon as possible 1o
the Medical Admissions office, since
the committee on admissions will
begin acting upon applications this
quarter. Personal interviews will be
arranged, as soon as the schedule of
h'ours is completed, and the appli
cants credentials are received.
Applications for Med School should
be forwarded as soon as possible 1o
the Medical Admissions office, since
the committee on admissions will
begin acting upon applications this
quarter. Personal interviews will be
arranged, as soon as the schedule of
h'ours is completed, and the appli
cants credentials are received.
Applications for Med School should
be forwarded as soon as possible 1o
the Medical Admissions office, since
the committee on admissions will
begin acting upon applications this
quarter. Personal interviews will be
arranged, as soon as the schedule of
h'ours is completed, and the appli
cants credentials are received.
Applications for Med School should
be forwarded as soon as possible 1o
the Medical Admissions office, since
the committee on admissions will
begin acting upon applications this
quarter. Personal interviews will be
arranged, as soon as the schedule of
h'ours is completed, and the appli
cants credentials are received.
Applications for Med School should
be forwarded as soon as possible 1o
the Medical Admissions office, since
the committee on admissions will
begin acting upon applications this
quarter. Personal interviews will be
arranged, as soon as the schedule of
h'ours is completed, and the appli
cants credentials are received.
Applications for Med School should
be forwarded as soon as possible 1o
the Medical Admissions office, since
the committee on admissions will
begin acting upon applications this
quarter. Personal interviews will be
arranged, as soon as the schedule of
h'ours is completed, and the appli
cants credentials are received.
Applications for Med School should
be forwarded as soon as possible 1o
the Medical Admissions office, since
the committee on admissions will
begin acting upon applications this
quarter. Personal interviews will be
arranged, as soon as the schedule of
h'ours is completed, and the appli
cants credentials are received.
Applications for Med School should
be forwarded as soon as possible 1o
the Medical Admissions office, since
the committee on admissions will
begin acting upon applications this
quarter. Personal interviews will be
arranged, as soon as the schedule of
h'ours is completed, and the appli
cants credentials are received.
Applications for Med School should
be forwarded as soon as possible 1o
the Medical Admissions office, since
the committee on admissions will
begin acting upon applications this
quarter. Personal interviews will be
arranged, as soon as the schedule of
h'ours is completed, and the appli
cants credentials are received.
Applications for Med School should
be forwarded as soon as possible 1o
the Medical Admissions office, since
the committee on admissions will
begin acting upon applications this
quarter. Personal interviews will be
arranged, as soon as the schedule of
h'ours is completed, and the appli
cants credentials are received.
