# Bugging the Bears
## 
### 
Thanks to an anonymous phone call, The Daily was on the scene last night
when UC-Berkeley's Moffitt Library was overrun by five red-painted mice
and 1,000 crickets. Last year, blue-and-gold mice mysteriously appeared in
Meyer Library during the annual frenzy that precedes Big Game.


David Kravetz/Daily
Thanks to an anonymous phone call, The Daily was on the scene last night
when UC-Berkeley's Moffitt Library was overrun by five red-painted mice
and 1,000 crickets. Last year, blue-and-gold mice mysteriously appeared in
Meyer Library during the annual frenzy that precedes Big Game.


David Kravetz/Daily
Thanks to an anonymous phone call, The Daily was on the scene last night
when UC-Berkeley's Moffitt Library was overrun by five red-painted mice
and 1,000 crickets. Last year, blue-and-gold mice mysteriously appeared in
Meyer Library during the annual frenzy that precedes Big Game.


David Kravetz/Daily
Thanks to an anonymous phone call, The Daily was on the scene last night
when UC-Berkeley's Moffitt Library was overrun by five red-painted mice
and 1,000 crickets. Last year, blue-and-gold mice mysteriously appeared in
Meyer Library during the annual frenzy that precedes Big Game.


David Kravetz/Daily
Thanks to an anonymous phone call, The Daily was on the scene last night
when UC-Berkeley's Moffitt Library was overrun by five red-painted mice
and 1,000 crickets. Last year, blue-and-gold mice mysteriously appeared in
Meyer Library during the annual frenzy that precedes Big Game.


David Kravetz/Daily
Thanks to an anonymous phone call, The Daily was on the scene last night
when UC-Berkeley's Moffitt Library was overrun by five red-painted mice
and 1,000 crickets. Last year, blue-and-gold mice mysteriously appeared in
Meyer Library during the annual frenzy that precedes Big Game.


David Kravetz/Daily
Thanks to an anonymous phone call, The Daily was on the scene last night
when UC-Berkeley's Moffitt Library was overrun by five red-painted mice
and 1,000 crickets. Last year, blue-and-gold mice mysteriously appeared in
Meyer Library during the annual frenzy that precedes Big Game.


David Kravetz/Daily
Thanks to an anonymous phone call, The Daily was on the scene last night
when UC-Berkeley's Moffitt Library was overrun by five red-painted mice
and 1,000 crickets. Last year, blue-and-gold mice mysteriously appeared in
Meyer Library during the annual frenzy that precedes Big Game.


David Kravetz/Daily
