# Scientist Decries Resource Waste
## 
### 
"It is wrong to use our limited oil
supplies to make synthetic rubber,
and by the same token it is wrong
to use our grains for synthetic rub
ber," Dr. Harris M. Benedict said
yesterday.
Dr. Benedict is head physiologist
of the research being done on gua
yule at Salinas under the direction
of the Stanford Research Institute.
Guayule is the Mexican shrub
which contains natural rubber.
Although guayule now is being
grown only by the government,
mainly for experimental work, Dr.
Benedict said the plant might be
grown commercially in five years.
He thought it would not be so im
portant. commercially in California
as in Texas, where the climate is
more favorable to its growth.
"Texas could use a good alter
native crop for cotton," he said.
