# Untitled Article
## 
### 
More food can be obtained from
anacre of good fishing ground in a
week than from' an acre of good
land in a year.
More food can be obtained from
anacre of good fishing ground in a
week than from' an acre of good
land in a year.
More food can be obtained from
anacre of good fishing ground in a
week than from' an acre of good
land in a year.
More food can be obtained from
anacre of good fishing ground in a
week than from' an acre of good
land in a year.
More food can be obtained from
anacre of good fishing ground in a
week than from' an acre of good
land in a year.
More food can be obtained from
anacre of good fishing ground in a
week than from' an acre of good
land in a year.
More food can be obtained from
anacre of good fishing ground in a
week than from' an acre of good
land in a year.
More food can be obtained from
anacre of good fishing ground in a
week than from' an acre of good
land in a year.
More food can be obtained from
anacre of good fishing ground in a
week than from' an acre of good
land in a year.
More food can be obtained from
anacre of good fishing ground in a
week than from' an acre of good
land in a year.
More food can be obtained from
anacre of good fishing ground in a
week than from' an acre of good
land in a year.
More food can be obtained from
anacre of good fishing ground in a
week than from' an acre of good
land in a year.
More food can be obtained from
anacre of good fishing ground in a
week than from' an acre of good
land in a year.
More food can be obtained from
anacre of good fishing ground in a
week than from' an acre of good
land in a year.
More food can be obtained from
anacre of good fishing ground in a
week than from' an acre of good
land in a year.
