# INGENUITY SAVES CONSUMPTION OF COMPANY TOWELS
## 
### 
And now llie general public
takes it in tlie neck another
way. The efficiency expert of
a large Eastern concern has
just received a verbal pat on
(lie head from his board of di
rectors for ingenuity in s.iv
ing the firm something like
$.'JOO a year.
This genius ordered the
paper towel containers in the
company's washrooms placo'd
higher on the wall. After
washing their hands, people
will be annoyed by water run
ning down their sleevs when
they reach lor a towel, unks.-i
they first shake off the sur
plus moisture.
It is reported that the con
sumption of paper towels is
reduced greatly by this stra
tegy. It. probably saves cal
cimining the walls, too.
