# University Students Sued For Starting Bookstore
## 
### 
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 12.—(1 P.)
—When students at Ohio State Uni
versity decided to own and operate
their own bookstore, private book con
cerns brought suit against them in the
state courts on the grounds that their
business would interfere with private
enterprise. The state supreme court
thought otherwise, and has given the
students permission to sell themselves
their own books.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 12.—(1 P.)
—When students at Ohio State Uni
versity decided to own and operate
their own bookstore, private book con
cerns brought suit against them in the
state courts on the grounds that their
business would interfere with private
enterprise. The state supreme court
thought otherwise, and has given the
students permission to sell themselves
their own books.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 12.—(1 P.)
—When students at Ohio State Uni
versity decided to own and operate
their own bookstore, private book con
cerns brought suit against them in the
state courts on the grounds that their
business would interfere with private
enterprise. The state supreme court
thought otherwise, and has given the
students permission to sell themselves
their own books.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 12.—(1 P.)
—When students at Ohio State Uni
versity decided to own and operate
their own bookstore, private book con
cerns brought suit against them in the
state courts on the grounds that their
business would interfere with private
enterprise. The state supreme court
thought otherwise, and has given the
students permission to sell themselves
their own books.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 12.—(1 P.)
—When students at Ohio State Uni
versity decided to own and operate
their own bookstore, private book con
cerns brought suit against them in the
state courts on the grounds that their
business would interfere with private
enterprise. The state supreme court
thought otherwise, and has given the
students permission to sell themselves
their own books.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 12.—(1 P.)
—When students at Ohio State Uni
versity decided to own and operate
their own bookstore, private book con
cerns brought suit against them in the
state courts on the grounds that their
business would interfere with private
enterprise. The state supreme court
thought otherwise, and has given the
students permission to sell themselves
their own books.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 12.—(1 P.)
—When students at Ohio State Uni
versity decided to own and operate
their own bookstore, private book con
cerns brought suit against them in the
state courts on the grounds that their
business would interfere with private
enterprise. The state supreme court
thought otherwise, and has given the
students permission to sell themselves
their own books.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 12.—(1 P.)
—When students at Ohio State Uni
versity decided to own and operate
their own bookstore, private book con
cerns brought suit against them in the
state courts on the grounds that their
business would interfere with private
enterprise. The state supreme court
thought otherwise, and has given the
students permission to sell themselves
their own books.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 12.—(1 P.)
—When students at Ohio State Uni
versity decided to own and operate
their own bookstore, private book con
cerns brought suit against them in the
state courts on the grounds that their
business would interfere with private
enterprise. The state supreme court
thought otherwise, and has given the
students permission to sell themselves
their own books.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 12.—(1 P.)
—When students at Ohio State Uni
versity decided to own and operate
their own bookstore, private book con
cerns brought suit against them in the
state courts on the grounds that their
business would interfere with private
enterprise. The state supreme court
thought otherwise, and has given the
students permission to sell themselves
their own books.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 12.—(1 P.)
—When students at Ohio State Uni
versity decided to own and operate
their own bookstore, private book con
cerns brought suit against them in the
state courts on the grounds that their
business would interfere with private
enterprise. The state supreme court
thought otherwise, and has given the
students permission to sell themselves
their own books.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 12.—(1 P.)
—When students at Ohio State Uni
versity decided to own and operate
their own bookstore, private book con
cerns brought suit against them in the
state courts on the grounds that their
business would interfere with private
enterprise. The state supreme court
thought otherwise, and has given the
students permission to sell themselves
their own books.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 12.—(1 P.)
—When students at Ohio State Uni
versity decided to own and operate
their own bookstore, private book con
cerns brought suit against them in the
state courts on the grounds that their
business would interfere with private
enterprise. The state supreme court
thought otherwise, and has given the
students permission to sell themselves
their own books.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 12.—(1 P.)
—When students at Ohio State Uni
versity decided to own and operate
their own bookstore, private book con
cerns brought suit against them in the
state courts on the grounds that their
business would interfere with private
enterprise. The state supreme court
thought otherwise, and has given the
students permission to sell themselves
their own books.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 12.—(1 P.)
—When students at Ohio State Uni
versity decided to own and operate
their own bookstore, private book con
cerns brought suit against them in the
state courts on the grounds that their
business would interfere with private
enterprise. The state supreme court
thought otherwise, and has given the
students permission to sell themselves
their own books.
