# ALUMNA DISCOVERED AS MEMBER OF THIRD STANFORD GENERATION
## 
### 
Another member of Stanford's third
generation has been discovered in the
person of Elizabeth Zschokke, of Palo
Alto, who graduated with the Class of
1926.
Mrs. Anna Zschokke, a Palo Alto
pioneer, was registered at Stanford
from 1896 to 1898. A son of hers, Ar
thur J. Zschokke, graduated in 1902,
and his daughter, Elizabeth, made the
third generation. Besides this, Miss
Zschokke has an uncle, T. C. Zschokke,
and an aunt, Mrs. P. O. Crawford, who
also graduated from Stanford.
The other authentic members of
Stanford's third generation are Lucy
Elizabeth Ritter, a freshman, daughter
and granddaughter of graduates, and
Allan Charles, '25, now in the Law
School, whose father and mother are
both Stanford alumni and whose
grandmother graduated from the Uni
versity in IS9B.
Another member of Stanford's third
generation has been discovered in the
person of Elizabeth Zschokke, of Palo
Alto, who graduated with the Class of
1926.
Mrs. Anna Zschokke, a Palo Alto
pioneer, was registered at Stanford
from 1896 to 1898. A son of hers, Ar
thur J. Zschokke, graduated in 1902,
and his daughter, Elizabeth, made the
third generation. Besides this, Miss
Zschokke has an uncle, T. C. Zschokke,
and an aunt, Mrs. P. O. Crawford, who
also graduated from Stanford.
The other authentic members of
Stanford's third generation are Lucy
Elizabeth Ritter, a freshman, daughter
and granddaughter of graduates, and
Allan Charles, '25, now in the Law
School, whose father and mother are
both Stanford alumni and whose
grandmother graduated from the Uni
versity in IS9B.
Another member of Stanford's third
generation has been discovered in the
person of Elizabeth Zschokke, of Palo
Alto, who graduated with the Class of
1926.
Mrs. Anna Zschokke, a Palo Alto
pioneer, was registered at Stanford
from 1896 to 1898. A son of hers, Ar
thur J. Zschokke, graduated in 1902,
and his daughter, Elizabeth, made the
third generation. Besides this, Miss
Zschokke has an uncle, T. C. Zschokke,
and an aunt, Mrs. P. O. Crawford, who
also graduated from Stanford.
The other authentic members of
Stanford's third generation are Lucy
Elizabeth Ritter, a freshman, daughter
and granddaughter of graduates, and
Allan Charles, '25, now in the Law
School, whose father and mother are
both Stanford alumni and whose
grandmother graduated from the Uni
versity in IS9B.
Another member of Stanford's third
generation has been discovered in the
person of Elizabeth Zschokke, of Palo
Alto, who graduated with the Class of
1926.
Mrs. Anna Zschokke, a Palo Alto
pioneer, was registered at Stanford
from 1896 to 1898. A son of hers, Ar
thur J. Zschokke, graduated in 1902,
and his daughter, Elizabeth, made the
third generation. Besides this, Miss
Zschokke has an uncle, T. C. Zschokke,
and an aunt, Mrs. P. O. Crawford, who
also graduated from Stanford.
The other authentic members of
Stanford's third generation are Lucy
Elizabeth Ritter, a freshman, daughter
and granddaughter of graduates, and
Allan Charles, '25, now in the Law
School, whose father and mother are
both Stanford alumni and whose
grandmother graduated from the Uni
versity in IS9B.
Another member of Stanford's third
generation has been discovered in the
person of Elizabeth Zschokke, of Palo
Alto, who graduated with the Class of
1926.
Mrs. Anna Zschokke, a Palo Alto
pioneer, was registered at Stanford
from 1896 to 1898. A son of hers, Ar
thur J. Zschokke, graduated in 1902,
and his daughter, Elizabeth, made the
third generation. Besides this, Miss
Zschokke has an uncle, T. C. Zschokke,
and an aunt, Mrs. P. O. Crawford, who
also graduated from Stanford.
The other authentic members of
Stanford's third generation are Lucy
Elizabeth Ritter, a freshman, daughter
and granddaughter of graduates, and
Allan Charles, '25, now in the Law
School, whose father and mother are
both Stanford alumni and whose
grandmother graduated from the Uni
versity in IS9B.
Another member of Stanford's third
generation has been discovered in the
person of Elizabeth Zschokke, of Palo
Alto, who graduated with the Class of
1926.
Mrs. Anna Zschokke, a Palo Alto
pioneer, was registered at Stanford
from 1896 to 1898. A son of hers, Ar
thur J. Zschokke, graduated in 1902,
and his daughter, Elizabeth, made the
third generation. Besides this, Miss
Zschokke has an uncle, T. C. Zschokke,
and an aunt, Mrs. P. O. Crawford, who
also graduated from Stanford.
The other authentic members of
Stanford's third generation are Lucy
Elizabeth Ritter, a freshman, daughter
and granddaughter of graduates, and
Allan Charles, '25, now in the Law
School, whose father and mother are
both Stanford alumni and whose
grandmother graduated from the Uni
versity in IS9B.
Another member of Stanford's third
generation has been discovered in the
person of Elizabeth Zschokke, of Palo
Alto, who graduated with the Class of
1926.
Mrs. Anna Zschokke, a Palo Alto
pioneer, was registered at Stanford
from 1896 to 1898. A son of hers, Ar
thur J. Zschokke, graduated in 1902,
and his daughter, Elizabeth, made the
third generation. Besides this, Miss
Zschokke has an uncle, T. C. Zschokke,
and an aunt, Mrs. P. O. Crawford, who
also graduated from Stanford.
The other authentic members of
Stanford's third generation are Lucy
Elizabeth Ritter, a freshman, daughter
and granddaughter of graduates, and
Allan Charles, '25, now in the Law
School, whose father and mother are
both Stanford alumni and whose
grandmother graduated from the Uni
versity in IS9B.
Another member of Stanford's third
generation has been discovered in the
person of Elizabeth Zschokke, of Palo
Alto, who graduated with the Class of
1926.
Mrs. Anna Zschokke, a Palo Alto
pioneer, was registered at Stanford
from 1896 to 1898. A son of hers, Ar
thur J. Zschokke, graduated in 1902,
and his daughter, Elizabeth, made the
third generation. Besides this, Miss
Zschokke has an uncle, T. C. Zschokke,
and an aunt, Mrs. P. O. Crawford, who
also graduated from Stanford.
The other authentic members of
Stanford's third generation are Lucy
Elizabeth Ritter, a freshman, daughter
and granddaughter of graduates, and
Allan Charles, '25, now in the Law
School, whose father and mother are
both Stanford alumni and whose
grandmother graduated from the Uni
versity in IS9B.
Another member of Stanford's third
generation has been discovered in the
person of Elizabeth Zschokke, of Palo
Alto, who graduated with the Class of
1926.
Mrs. Anna Zschokke, a Palo Alto
pioneer, was registered at Stanford
from 1896 to 1898. A son of hers, Ar
thur J. Zschokke, graduated in 1902,
and his daughter, Elizabeth, made the
third generation. Besides this, Miss
Zschokke has an uncle, T. C. Zschokke,
and an aunt, Mrs. P. O. Crawford, who
also graduated from Stanford.
The other authentic members of
Stanford's third generation are Lucy
Elizabeth Ritter, a freshman, daughter
and granddaughter of graduates, and
Allan Charles, '25, now in the Law
School, whose father and mother are
both Stanford alumni and whose
grandmother graduated from the Uni
versity in IS9B.
Another member of Stanford's third
generation has been discovered in the
person of Elizabeth Zschokke, of Palo
Alto, who graduated with the Class of
1926.
Mrs. Anna Zschokke, a Palo Alto
pioneer, was registered at Stanford
from 1896 to 1898. A son of hers, Ar
thur J. Zschokke, graduated in 1902,
and his daughter, Elizabeth, made the
third generation. Besides this, Miss
Zschokke has an uncle, T. C. Zschokke,
and an aunt, Mrs. P. O. Crawford, who
also graduated from Stanford.
The other authentic members of
Stanford's third generation are Lucy
Elizabeth Ritter, a freshman, daughter
and granddaughter of graduates, and
Allan Charles, '25, now in the Law
School, whose father and mother are
both Stanford alumni and whose
grandmother graduated from the Uni
versity in IS9B.
Another member of Stanford's third
generation has been discovered in the
person of Elizabeth Zschokke, of Palo
Alto, who graduated with the Class of
1926.
Mrs. Anna Zschokke, a Palo Alto
pioneer, was registered at Stanford
from 1896 to 1898. A son of hers, Ar
thur J. Zschokke, graduated in 1902,
and his daughter, Elizabeth, made the
third generation. Besides this, Miss
Zschokke has an uncle, T. C. Zschokke,
and an aunt, Mrs. P. O. Crawford, who
also graduated from Stanford.
The other authentic members of
Stanford's third generation are Lucy
Elizabeth Ritter, a freshman, daughter
and granddaughter of graduates, and
Allan Charles, '25, now in the Law
School, whose father and mother are
both Stanford alumni and whose
grandmother graduated from the Uni
versity in IS9B.
Another member of Stanford's third
generation has been discovered in the
person of Elizabeth Zschokke, of Palo
Alto, who graduated with the Class of
1926.
Mrs. Anna Zschokke, a Palo Alto
pioneer, was registered at Stanford
from 1896 to 1898. A son of hers, Ar
thur J. Zschokke, graduated in 1902,
and his daughter, Elizabeth, made the
third generation. Besides this, Miss
Zschokke has an uncle, T. C. Zschokke,
and an aunt, Mrs. P. O. Crawford, who
also graduated from Stanford.
The other authentic members of
Stanford's third generation are Lucy
Elizabeth Ritter, a freshman, daughter
and granddaughter of graduates, and
Allan Charles, '25, now in the Law
School, whose father and mother are
both Stanford alumni and whose
grandmother graduated from the Uni
versity in IS9B.
Another member of Stanford's third
generation has been discovered in the
person of Elizabeth Zschokke, of Palo
Alto, who graduated with the Class of
1926.
Mrs. Anna Zschokke, a Palo Alto
pioneer, was registered at Stanford
from 1896 to 1898. A son of hers, Ar
thur J. Zschokke, graduated in 1902,
and his daughter, Elizabeth, made the
third generation. Besides this, Miss
Zschokke has an uncle, T. C. Zschokke,
and an aunt, Mrs. P. O. Crawford, who
also graduated from Stanford.
The other authentic members of
Stanford's third generation are Lucy
Elizabeth Ritter, a freshman, daughter
and granddaughter of graduates, and
Allan Charles, '25, now in the Law
School, whose father and mother are
both Stanford alumni and whose
grandmother graduated from the Uni
versity in IS9B.
Another member of Stanford's third
generation has been discovered in the
person of Elizabeth Zschokke, of Palo
Alto, who graduated with the Class of
1926.
Mrs. Anna Zschokke, a Palo Alto
pioneer, was registered at Stanford
from 1896 to 1898. A son of hers, Ar
thur J. Zschokke, graduated in 1902,
and his daughter, Elizabeth, made the
third generation. Besides this, Miss
Zschokke has an uncle, T. C. Zschokke,
and an aunt, Mrs. P. O. Crawford, who
also graduated from Stanford.
The other authentic members of
Stanford's third generation are Lucy
Elizabeth Ritter, a freshman, daughter
and granddaughter of graduates, and
Allan Charles, '25, now in the Law
School, whose father and mother are
both Stanford alumni and whose
grandmother graduated from the Uni
versity in IS9B.
Another member of Stanford's third
generation has been discovered in the
person of Elizabeth Zschokke, of Palo
Alto, who graduated with the Class of
1926.
Mrs. Anna Zschokke, a Palo Alto
pioneer, was registered at Stanford
from 1896 to 1898. A son of hers, Ar
thur J. Zschokke, graduated in 1902,
and his daughter, Elizabeth, made the
third generation. Besides this, Miss
Zschokke has an uncle, T. C. Zschokke,
and an aunt, Mrs. P. O. Crawford, who
also graduated from Stanford.
The other authentic members of
Stanford's third generation are Lucy
Elizabeth Ritter, a freshman, daughter
and granddaughter of graduates, and
Allan Charles, '25, now in the Law
School, whose father and mother are
both Stanford alumni and whose
grandmother graduated from the Uni
versity in IS9B.
