# Santa Clara Defeats Varsity.
## 
### 
Stanford was defeated this after
noon by Santa Clara College on
the diamond at Santa Clara by the
score of 7 to 0. The Varsity hit
safely twice and Santa Clara nine
times.
Stanford was defeated this after
noon by Santa Clara College on
the diamond at Santa Clara by the
score of 7 to 0. The Varsity hit
safely twice and Santa Clara nine
times.
Stanford was defeated this after
noon by Santa Clara College on
the diamond at Santa Clara by the
score of 7 to 0. The Varsity hit
safely twice and Santa Clara nine
times.
Stanford was defeated this after
noon by Santa Clara College on
the diamond at Santa Clara by the
score of 7 to 0. The Varsity hit
safely twice and Santa Clara nine
times.
Stanford was defeated this after
noon by Santa Clara College on
the diamond at Santa Clara by the
score of 7 to 0. The Varsity hit
safely twice and Santa Clara nine
times.
Stanford was defeated this after
noon by Santa Clara College on
the diamond at Santa Clara by the
score of 7 to 0. The Varsity hit
safely twice and Santa Clara nine
times.
Stanford was defeated this after
noon by Santa Clara College on
the diamond at Santa Clara by the
score of 7 to 0. The Varsity hit
safely twice and Santa Clara nine
times.
Stanford was defeated this after
noon by Santa Clara College on
the diamond at Santa Clara by the
score of 7 to 0. The Varsity hit
safely twice and Santa Clara nine
times.
