# Joint Meeting of Committees.
## 
### 
There will be a joint meeting of
the Executive and Athletic com
mittees to-morrow evening to dis
cuss a number of matters in regard
to the death and funeral of Mrs.
Stanford.
There will be a joint meeting of
the Executive and Athletic com
mittees to-morrow evening to dis
cuss a number of matters in regard
to the death and funeral of Mrs.
Stanford.
There will be a joint meeting of
the Executive and Athletic com
mittees to-morrow evening to dis
cuss a number of matters in regard
to the death and funeral of Mrs.
Stanford.
There will be a joint meeting of
the Executive and Athletic com
mittees to-morrow evening to dis
cuss a number of matters in regard
to the death and funeral of Mrs.
Stanford.
There will be a joint meeting of
the Executive and Athletic com
mittees to-morrow evening to dis
cuss a number of matters in regard
to the death and funeral of Mrs.
Stanford.
There will be a joint meeting of
the Executive and Athletic com
mittees to-morrow evening to dis
cuss a number of matters in regard
to the death and funeral of Mrs.
Stanford.
There will be a joint meeting of
the Executive and Athletic com
mittees to-morrow evening to dis
cuss a number of matters in regard
to the death and funeral of Mrs.
Stanford.
There will be a joint meeting of
the Executive and Athletic com
mittees to-morrow evening to dis
cuss a number of matters in regard
to the death and funeral of Mrs.
Stanford.
