# Announcements.
## 
### 
Athletic Committee. — Joint
meeting with Executive Committee
in room 20, Wednesday, at 7:30.
Song-Books Wanted. — The col
laborators of the "Decennial of
Stanford Song" are trying to lo
cate the '99 and '00 song-books,

and ulbo those published before
1896, if any. Anyone having these
books will confer a favor by send
them to M. H. Thorpe. They will
be returned in good condition.
Senior Week Committee —Will
meet in room 11 Wednesday, March
8, at 1:30. A. L. Trowiiridge.
Junior Class —Will meet in the
chapel Wednesday at 1:10 to hear
the report of the promenade and
farce committees. L. W. Cutler.
"Princess Enone." — Rehearsal
will be held Wednesday in room
214 at 4 p.m. instead of 7:30. Both
cast and chorus.
D. M. Reynolds.
