# Professor Fairclough Talks on Hymns
## 
### 
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Latin department lectured on "Hymns
and Hymn Writers" yesterday evening
at the Palo Alto Episcopal church,
tracing many of the familiar modern
hymns to their originals in the Latin
and the Greek. This is one of a
series of Thursday evening Lenten
talks being delivered by Stanford pro
fessors.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Latin department lectured on "Hymns
and Hymn Writers" yesterday evening
at the Palo Alto Episcopal church,
tracing many of the familiar modern
hymns to their originals in the Latin
and the Greek. This is one of a
series of Thursday evening Lenten
talks being delivered by Stanford pro
fessors.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Latin department lectured on "Hymns
and Hymn Writers" yesterday evening
at the Palo Alto Episcopal church,
tracing many of the familiar modern
hymns to their originals in the Latin
and the Greek. This is one of a
series of Thursday evening Lenten
talks being delivered by Stanford pro
fessors.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Latin department lectured on "Hymns
and Hymn Writers" yesterday evening
at the Palo Alto Episcopal church,
tracing many of the familiar modern
hymns to their originals in the Latin
and the Greek. This is one of a
series of Thursday evening Lenten
talks being delivered by Stanford pro
fessors.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Latin department lectured on "Hymns
and Hymn Writers" yesterday evening
at the Palo Alto Episcopal church,
tracing many of the familiar modern
hymns to their originals in the Latin
and the Greek. This is one of a
series of Thursday evening Lenten
talks being delivered by Stanford pro
fessors.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Latin department lectured on "Hymns
and Hymn Writers" yesterday evening
at the Palo Alto Episcopal church,
tracing many of the familiar modern
hymns to their originals in the Latin
and the Greek. This is one of a
series of Thursday evening Lenten
talks being delivered by Stanford pro
fessors.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Latin department lectured on "Hymns
and Hymn Writers" yesterday evening
at the Palo Alto Episcopal church,
tracing many of the familiar modern
hymns to their originals in the Latin
and the Greek. This is one of a
series of Thursday evening Lenten
talks being delivered by Stanford pro
fessors.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Latin department lectured on "Hymns
and Hymn Writers" yesterday evening
at the Palo Alto Episcopal church,
tracing many of the familiar modern
hymns to their originals in the Latin
and the Greek. This is one of a
series of Thursday evening Lenten
talks being delivered by Stanford pro
fessors.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Latin department lectured on "Hymns
and Hymn Writers" yesterday evening
at the Palo Alto Episcopal church,
tracing many of the familiar modern
hymns to their originals in the Latin
and the Greek. This is one of a
series of Thursday evening Lenten
talks being delivered by Stanford pro
fessors.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Latin department lectured on "Hymns
and Hymn Writers" yesterday evening
at the Palo Alto Episcopal church,
tracing many of the familiar modern
hymns to their originals in the Latin
and the Greek. This is one of a
series of Thursday evening Lenten
talks being delivered by Stanford pro
fessors.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Latin department lectured on "Hymns
and Hymn Writers" yesterday evening
at the Palo Alto Episcopal church,
tracing many of the familiar modern
hymns to their originals in the Latin
and the Greek. This is one of a
series of Thursday evening Lenten
talks being delivered by Stanford pro
fessors.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Latin department lectured on "Hymns
and Hymn Writers" yesterday evening
at the Palo Alto Episcopal church,
tracing many of the familiar modern
hymns to their originals in the Latin
and the Greek. This is one of a
series of Thursday evening Lenten
talks being delivered by Stanford pro
fessors.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Latin department lectured on "Hymns
and Hymn Writers" yesterday evening
at the Palo Alto Episcopal church,
tracing many of the familiar modern
hymns to their originals in the Latin
and the Greek. This is one of a
series of Thursday evening Lenten
talks being delivered by Stanford pro
fessors.
