# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Noill Wilson, '13, is in charge of the
Publicity Department at the Exposi
tion.
Noill Wilson, '13, is in charge of the
Publicity Department at the Exposi
tion.
Noill Wilson, '13, is in charge of the
Publicity Department at the Exposi
tion.
Noill Wilson, '13, is in charge of the
Publicity Department at the Exposi
tion.
Noill Wilson, '13, is in charge of the
Publicity Department at the Exposi
tion.
Noill Wilson, '13, is in charge of the
Publicity Department at the Exposi
tion.
Noill Wilson, '13, is in charge of the
Publicity Department at the Exposi
tion.
Noill Wilson, '13, is in charge of the
Publicity Department at the Exposi
tion.
Noill Wilson, '13, is in charge of the
Publicity Department at the Exposi
tion.
Noill Wilson, '13, is in charge of the
Publicity Department at the Exposi
tion.
Noill Wilson, '13, is in charge of the
Publicity Department at the Exposi
tion.
Noill Wilson, '13, is in charge of the
Publicity Department at the Exposi
tion.
Noill Wilson, '13, is in charge of the
Publicity Department at the Exposi
tion.
