# Adv. 13 Page 7
## 
### 
tPop
Over?..
after the game!
Replay the game
over a yard of ale
in our tavern.
For hearty appetites,
try our prime rib,
glazed cornish game hen
or roast leg of lamb.
Serving til midnite
Fri. & Sat.
C fproud )
f vPqpoVefj"'
Restaurant & Tavern
(no reservations)
Stanford Shopping Center
Near Macy's
at the Clock Tower
326-0272 t
tPop
Over?..
after the game!
Replay the game
over a yard of ale
in our tavern.
For hearty appetites,
try our prime rib,
glazed cornish game hen
or roast leg of lamb.
Serving til midnite
Fri. & Sat.
C fproud )
f vPqpoVefj"'
Restaurant & Tavern
(no reservations)
Stanford Shopping Center
Near Macy's
at the Clock Tower
326-0272 t
tPop
Over?..
after the game!
Replay the game
over a yard of ale
in our tavern.
For hearty appetites,
try our prime rib,
glazed cornish game hen
or roast leg of lamb.
Serving til midnite
Fri. & Sat.
C fproud )
f vPqpoVefj"'
Restaurant & Tavern
(no reservations)
Stanford Shopping Center
Near Macy's
at the Clock Tower
326-0272 t
tPop
Over?..
after the game!
Replay the game
over a yard of ale
in our tavern.
For hearty appetites,
try our prime rib,
glazed cornish game hen
or roast leg of lamb.
Serving til midnite
Fri. & Sat.
C fproud )
f vPqpoVefj"'
Restaurant & Tavern
(no reservations)
Stanford Shopping Center
Near Macy's
at the Clock Tower
326-0272 t
tPop
Over?..
after the game!
Replay the game
over a yard of ale
in our tavern.
For hearty appetites,
try our prime rib,
glazed cornish game hen
or roast leg of lamb.
Serving til midnite
Fri. & Sat.
C fproud )
f vPqpoVefj"'
Restaurant & Tavern
(no reservations)
Stanford Shopping Center
Near Macy's
at the Clock Tower
326-0272 t
tPop
Over?..
after the game!
Replay the game
over a yard of ale
in our tavern.
For hearty appetites,
try our prime rib,
glazed cornish game hen
or roast leg of lamb.
Serving til midnite
Fri. & Sat.
C fproud )
f vPqpoVefj"'
Restaurant & Tavern
(no reservations)
Stanford Shopping Center
Near Macy's
at the Clock Tower
326-0272 t
tPop
Over?..
after the game!
Replay the game
over a yard of ale
in our tavern.
For hearty appetites,
try our prime rib,
glazed cornish game hen
or roast leg of lamb.
Serving til midnite
Fri. & Sat.
C fproud )
f vPqpoVefj"'
Restaurant & Tavern
(no reservations)
Stanford Shopping Center
Near Macy's
at the Clock Tower
326-0272 t
tPop
Over?..
after the game!
Replay the game
over a yard of ale
in our tavern.
For hearty appetites,
try our prime rib,
glazed cornish game hen
or roast leg of lamb.
Serving til midnite
Fri. & Sat.
C fproud )
f vPqpoVefj"'
Restaurant & Tavern
(no reservations)
Stanford Shopping Center
Near Macy's
at the Clock Tower
326-0272 t
