# REPORTED SCENE OF LINDBERGH RANSOM DEAL
## 
### 

This Associated Press telephoto shows the spot (where men are standing) where Dr. John F. Condon,
Lindbergh emissary in the kidnaping case, is reported to have handed over $50,000 ransom; although the
baby was not returned. The spot is at a corner of St. Raymond s cemetery in the Bronx, New York City.

This Associated Press telephoto shows the spot (where men are standing) where Dr. John F. Condon,
Lindbergh emissary in the kidnaping case, is reported to have handed over $50,000 ransom; although the
baby was not returned. The spot is at a corner of St. Raymond s cemetery in the Bronx, New York City.

This Associated Press telephoto shows the spot (where men are standing) where Dr. John F. Condon,
Lindbergh emissary in the kidnaping case, is reported to have handed over $50,000 ransom; although the
baby was not returned. The spot is at a corner of St. Raymond s cemetery in the Bronx, New York City.

This Associated Press telephoto shows the spot (where men are standing) where Dr. John F. Condon,
Lindbergh emissary in the kidnaping case, is reported to have handed over $50,000 ransom; although the
baby was not returned. The spot is at a corner of St. Raymond s cemetery in the Bronx, New York City.

This Associated Press telephoto shows the spot (where men are standing) where Dr. John F. Condon,
Lindbergh emissary in the kidnaping case, is reported to have handed over $50,000 ransom; although the
baby was not returned. The spot is at a corner of St. Raymond s cemetery in the Bronx, New York City.

This Associated Press telephoto shows the spot (where men are standing) where Dr. John F. Condon,
Lindbergh emissary in the kidnaping case, is reported to have handed over $50,000 ransom; although the
baby was not returned. The spot is at a corner of St. Raymond s cemetery in the Bronx, New York City.

This Associated Press telephoto shows the spot (where men are standing) where Dr. John F. Condon,
Lindbergh emissary in the kidnaping case, is reported to have handed over $50,000 ransom; although the
baby was not returned. The spot is at a corner of St. Raymond s cemetery in the Bronx, New York City.

This Associated Press telephoto shows the spot (where men are standing) where Dr. John F. Condon,
Lindbergh emissary in the kidnaping case, is reported to have handed over $50,000 ransom; although the
baby was not returned. The spot is at a corner of St. Raymond s cemetery in the Bronx, New York City.

This Associated Press telephoto shows the spot (where men are standing) where Dr. John F. Condon,
Lindbergh emissary in the kidnaping case, is reported to have handed over $50,000 ransom; although the
baby was not returned. The spot is at a corner of St. Raymond s cemetery in the Bronx, New York City.

This Associated Press telephoto shows the spot (where men are standing) where Dr. John F. Condon,
Lindbergh emissary in the kidnaping case, is reported to have handed over $50,000 ransom; although the
baby was not returned. The spot is at a corner of St. Raymond s cemetery in the Bronx, New York City.

This Associated Press telephoto shows the spot (where men are standing) where Dr. John F. Condon,
Lindbergh emissary in the kidnaping case, is reported to have handed over $50,000 ransom; although the
baby was not returned. The spot is at a corner of St. Raymond s cemetery in the Bronx, New York City.

This Associated Press telephoto shows the spot (where men are standing) where Dr. John F. Condon,
Lindbergh emissary in the kidnaping case, is reported to have handed over $50,000 ransom; although the
baby was not returned. The spot is at a corner of St. Raymond s cemetery in the Bronx, New York City.

This Associated Press telephoto shows the spot (where men are standing) where Dr. John F. Condon,
Lindbergh emissary in the kidnaping case, is reported to have handed over $50,000 ransom; although the
baby was not returned. The spot is at a corner of St. Raymond s cemetery in the Bronx, New York City.

This Associated Press telephoto shows the spot (where men are standing) where Dr. John F. Condon,
Lindbergh emissary in the kidnaping case, is reported to have handed over $50,000 ransom; although the
baby was not returned. The spot is at a corner of St. Raymond s cemetery in the Bronx, New York City.
