# Chess Tourney Sessions Set For Each Tuesday
## 
### 
Although ]8 students have already j
signed up to take pavt in the chess i
tournament beginning tonight, it is !
.still not too late for any others who I
are interested in competing in the j
tourney. The matches are to be held |
every Tuesday evening until they !
are completed, which should be in i
about four weeks. However, if Tues- 1
day is not convenient, another time j
may be arranged.
Although ]8 students have already j
signed up to take pavt in the chess i
tournament beginning tonight, it is !
.still not too late for any others who I
are interested in competing in the j
tourney. The matches are to be held |
every Tuesday evening until they !
are completed, which should be in i
about four weeks. However, if Tues- 1
day is not convenient, another time j
may be arranged.
Although ]8 students have already j
signed up to take pavt in the chess i
tournament beginning tonight, it is !
.still not too late for any others who I
are interested in competing in the j
tourney. The matches are to be held |
every Tuesday evening until they !
are completed, which should be in i
about four weeks. However, if Tues- 1
day is not convenient, another time j
may be arranged.
Although ]8 students have already j
signed up to take pavt in the chess i
tournament beginning tonight, it is !
.still not too late for any others who I
are interested in competing in the j
tourney. The matches are to be held |
every Tuesday evening until they !
are completed, which should be in i
about four weeks. However, if Tues- 1
day is not convenient, another time j
may be arranged.
Although ]8 students have already j
signed up to take pavt in the chess i
tournament beginning tonight, it is !
.still not too late for any others who I
are interested in competing in the j
tourney. The matches are to be held |
every Tuesday evening until they !
are completed, which should be in i
about four weeks. However, if Tues- 1
day is not convenient, another time j
may be arranged.
Although ]8 students have already j
signed up to take pavt in the chess i
tournament beginning tonight, it is !
.still not too late for any others who I
are interested in competing in the j
tourney. The matches are to be held |
every Tuesday evening until they !
are completed, which should be in i
about four weeks. However, if Tues- 1
day is not convenient, another time j
may be arranged.
Although ]8 students have already j
signed up to take pavt in the chess i
tournament beginning tonight, it is !
.still not too late for any others who I
are interested in competing in the j
tourney. The matches are to be held |
every Tuesday evening until they !
are completed, which should be in i
about four weeks. However, if Tues- 1
day is not convenient, another time j
may be arranged.
Although ]8 students have already j
signed up to take pavt in the chess i
tournament beginning tonight, it is !
.still not too late for any others who I
are interested in competing in the j
tourney. The matches are to be held |
every Tuesday evening until they !
are completed, which should be in i
about four weeks. However, if Tues- 1
day is not convenient, another time j
may be arranged.
Although ]8 students have already j
signed up to take pavt in the chess i
tournament beginning tonight, it is !
.still not too late for any others who I
are interested in competing in the j
tourney. The matches are to be held |
every Tuesday evening until they !
are completed, which should be in i
about four weeks. However, if Tues- 1
day is not convenient, another time j
may be arranged.
Although ]8 students have already j
signed up to take pavt in the chess i
tournament beginning tonight, it is !
.still not too late for any others who I
are interested in competing in the j
tourney. The matches are to be held |
every Tuesday evening until they !
are completed, which should be in i
about four weeks. However, if Tues- 1
day is not convenient, another time j
may be arranged.
Although ]8 students have already j
signed up to take pavt in the chess i
tournament beginning tonight, it is !
.still not too late for any others who I
are interested in competing in the j
tourney. The matches are to be held |
every Tuesday evening until they !
are completed, which should be in i
about four weeks. However, if Tues- 1
day is not convenient, another time j
may be arranged.
Although ]8 students have already j
signed up to take pavt in the chess i
tournament beginning tonight, it is !
.still not too late for any others who I
are interested in competing in the j
tourney. The matches are to be held |
every Tuesday evening until they !
are completed, which should be in i
about four weeks. However, if Tues- 1
day is not convenient, another time j
may be arranged.
Although ]8 students have already j
signed up to take pavt in the chess i
tournament beginning tonight, it is !
.still not too late for any others who I
are interested in competing in the j
tourney. The matches are to be held |
every Tuesday evening until they !
are completed, which should be in i
about four weeks. However, if Tues- 1
day is not convenient, another time j
may be arranged.
Although ]8 students have already j
signed up to take pavt in the chess i
tournament beginning tonight, it is !
.still not too late for any others who I
are interested in competing in the j
tourney. The matches are to be held |
every Tuesday evening until they !
are completed, which should be in i
about four weeks. However, if Tues- 1
day is not convenient, another time j
may be arranged.
