# GALES CAUSE DAMAGE ON ATLANTIC COAST
## 
### United Press 
BOSTON, Nov. 17.—Shipping was en
dangered when strong northeast gales
which beat against the Atlantic coast
drove scores of small vessels ashore.
W ater front property was damaged by
the gale.
BOSTON, Nov. 17.—Shipping was en
dangered when strong northeast gales
which beat against the Atlantic coast
drove scores of small vessels ashore.
W ater front property was damaged by
the gale.
BOSTON, Nov. 17.—Shipping was en
dangered when strong northeast gales
which beat against the Atlantic coast
drove scores of small vessels ashore.
W ater front property was damaged by
the gale.
BOSTON, Nov. 17.—Shipping was en
dangered when strong northeast gales
which beat against the Atlantic coast
drove scores of small vessels ashore.
W ater front property was damaged by
the gale.
BOSTON, Nov. 17.—Shipping was en
dangered when strong northeast gales
which beat against the Atlantic coast
drove scores of small vessels ashore.
W ater front property was damaged by
the gale.
BOSTON, Nov. 17.—Shipping was en
dangered when strong northeast gales
which beat against the Atlantic coast
drove scores of small vessels ashore.
W ater front property was damaged by
the gale.
BOSTON, Nov. 17.—Shipping was en
dangered when strong northeast gales
which beat against the Atlantic coast
drove scores of small vessels ashore.
W ater front property was damaged by
the gale.
BOSTON, Nov. 17.—Shipping was en
dangered when strong northeast gales
which beat against the Atlantic coast
drove scores of small vessels ashore.
W ater front property was damaged by
the gale.
BOSTON, Nov. 17.—Shipping was en
dangered when strong northeast gales
which beat against the Atlantic coast
drove scores of small vessels ashore.
W ater front property was damaged by
the gale.
BOSTON, Nov. 17.—Shipping was en
dangered when strong northeast gales
which beat against the Atlantic coast
drove scores of small vessels ashore.
W ater front property was damaged by
the gale.
BOSTON, Nov. 17.—Shipping was en
dangered when strong northeast gales
which beat against the Atlantic coast
drove scores of small vessels ashore.
W ater front property was damaged by
the gale.
BOSTON, Nov. 17.—Shipping was en
dangered when strong northeast gales
which beat against the Atlantic coast
drove scores of small vessels ashore.
W ater front property was damaged by
the gale.
BOSTON, Nov. 17.—Shipping was en
dangered when strong northeast gales
which beat against the Atlantic coast
drove scores of small vessels ashore.
W ater front property was damaged by
the gale.
