# Handball Tournament Being Played Off Now
## 
### 
Tie second round of the open hand
ball tournament is now to be played,
as the first round games have been
completed. All games of the second
round must be finished before Novem
ber 20. The following matches are
to be played in this round: Blacken
vs. Wheelon; Lowenstein vs. Colvin;
Welsh vs. Sansone; Koba vs. Kinney;
Hollingsworth vs. Evans; Cohen vs.
English.
Tie second round of the open hand
ball tournament is now to be played,
as the first round games have been
completed. All games of the second
round must be finished before Novem
ber 20. The following matches are
to be played in this round: Blacken
vs. Wheelon; Lowenstein vs. Colvin;
Welsh vs. Sansone; Koba vs. Kinney;
Hollingsworth vs. Evans; Cohen vs.
English.
Tie second round of the open hand
ball tournament is now to be played,
as the first round games have been
completed. All games of the second
round must be finished before Novem
ber 20. The following matches are
to be played in this round: Blacken
vs. Wheelon; Lowenstein vs. Colvin;
Welsh vs. Sansone; Koba vs. Kinney;
Hollingsworth vs. Evans; Cohen vs.
English.
Tie second round of the open hand
ball tournament is now to be played,
as the first round games have been
completed. All games of the second
round must be finished before Novem
ber 20. The following matches are
to be played in this round: Blacken
vs. Wheelon; Lowenstein vs. Colvin;
Welsh vs. Sansone; Koba vs. Kinney;
Hollingsworth vs. Evans; Cohen vs.
English.
Tie second round of the open hand
ball tournament is now to be played,
as the first round games have been
completed. All games of the second
round must be finished before Novem
ber 20. The following matches are
to be played in this round: Blacken
vs. Wheelon; Lowenstein vs. Colvin;
Welsh vs. Sansone; Koba vs. Kinney;
Hollingsworth vs. Evans; Cohen vs.
English.
Tie second round of the open hand
ball tournament is now to be played,
as the first round games have been
completed. All games of the second
round must be finished before Novem
ber 20. The following matches are
to be played in this round: Blacken
vs. Wheelon; Lowenstein vs. Colvin;
Welsh vs. Sansone; Koba vs. Kinney;
Hollingsworth vs. Evans; Cohen vs.
English.
Tie second round of the open hand
ball tournament is now to be played,
as the first round games have been
completed. All games of the second
round must be finished before Novem
ber 20. The following matches are
to be played in this round: Blacken
vs. Wheelon; Lowenstein vs. Colvin;
Welsh vs. Sansone; Koba vs. Kinney;
Hollingsworth vs. Evans; Cohen vs.
English.
Tie second round of the open hand
ball tournament is now to be played,
as the first round games have been
completed. All games of the second
round must be finished before Novem
ber 20. The following matches are
to be played in this round: Blacken
vs. Wheelon; Lowenstein vs. Colvin;
Welsh vs. Sansone; Koba vs. Kinney;
Hollingsworth vs. Evans; Cohen vs.
English.
Tie second round of the open hand
ball tournament is now to be played,
as the first round games have been
completed. All games of the second
round must be finished before Novem
ber 20. The following matches are
to be played in this round: Blacken
vs. Wheelon; Lowenstein vs. Colvin;
Welsh vs. Sansone; Koba vs. Kinney;
Hollingsworth vs. Evans; Cohen vs.
English.
Tie second round of the open hand
ball tournament is now to be played,
as the first round games have been
completed. All games of the second
round must be finished before Novem
ber 20. The following matches are
to be played in this round: Blacken
vs. Wheelon; Lowenstein vs. Colvin;
Welsh vs. Sansone; Koba vs. Kinney;
Hollingsworth vs. Evans; Cohen vs.
English.
Tie second round of the open hand
ball tournament is now to be played,
as the first round games have been
completed. All games of the second
round must be finished before Novem
ber 20. The following matches are
to be played in this round: Blacken
vs. Wheelon; Lowenstein vs. Colvin;
Welsh vs. Sansone; Koba vs. Kinney;
Hollingsworth vs. Evans; Cohen vs.
English.
Tie second round of the open hand
ball tournament is now to be played,
as the first round games have been
completed. All games of the second
round must be finished before Novem
ber 20. The following matches are
to be played in this round: Blacken
vs. Wheelon; Lowenstein vs. Colvin;
Welsh vs. Sansone; Koba vs. Kinney;
Hollingsworth vs. Evans; Cohen vs.
English.
Tie second round of the open hand
ball tournament is now to be played,
as the first round games have been
completed. All games of the second
round must be finished before Novem
ber 20. The following matches are
to be played in this round: Blacken
vs. Wheelon; Lowenstein vs. Colvin;
Welsh vs. Sansone; Koba vs. Kinney;
Hollingsworth vs. Evans; Cohen vs.
English.
