# ANNAPOLIS HAZING MAY CAUSE CLOSE OF INSTITUTION
## S. C. Baker, Ex-Cadet, Says Daniels' Son Was Hazed; Left the Military Academy 
### United Press 
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.—Rear Ad
miral Scales, commandan of the Unit
ed States Naval Academy at Anna
polis has the hazing situation there
in hand, secretary of Navy Daniels
said today.
Daniels declared he would order
expelled from the academy all mid
shipmen found guilty of hazing no
matter how great the number impli
cated.
BALTIMORE, Nov .17. —If Secretary
Daniels dismisses all Annapolis mid
shipmen who are guilty of violating
the hazing rules he will have to close
the academy altogether, Samiel C.
Baker, Jr., of Seattle, a formor mid
shipman declared in a statement made
public today.
Baker, who was expelled from the
academy on a hazing charge, today
said he defied Sacretary Daniels or
Commandant Scales to prove their
allegations. Baker referred to the
Naval academy as "worse than a kin
dergarten."
During 1918 and 1919 Baker said,
that some plebs were so hazed that
they wero barely able to walk. Later
two plebs attempted suicide to es
cape hazing.
Worth Daniel, son of the Secretary
of Navy, was the most frequently
hazed man of his class, Baker de
clared, and he resigned from the
academy after the armistice was
signed.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.—Rear Ad
miral Scales, commandan of the Unit
ed States Naval Academy at Anna
polis has the hazing situation there
in hand, secretary of Navy Daniels
said today.
Daniels declared he would order
expelled from the academy all mid
shipmen found guilty of hazing no
matter how great the number impli
cated.
BALTIMORE, Nov .17. —If Secretary
Daniels dismisses all Annapolis mid
shipmen who are guilty of violating
the hazing rules he will have to close
the academy altogether, Samiel C.
Baker, Jr., of Seattle, a formor mid
shipman declared in a statement made
public today.
Baker, who was expelled from the
academy on a hazing charge, today
said he defied Sacretary Daniels or
Commandant Scales to prove their
allegations. Baker referred to the
Naval academy as "worse than a kin
dergarten."
During 1918 and 1919 Baker said,
that some plebs were so hazed that
they wero barely able to walk. Later
two plebs attempted suicide to es
cape hazing.
Worth Daniel, son of the Secretary
of Navy, was the most frequently
hazed man of his class, Baker de
clared, and he resigned from the
academy after the armistice was
signed.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.—Rear Ad
miral Scales, commandan of the Unit
ed States Naval Academy at Anna
polis has the hazing situation there
in hand, secretary of Navy Daniels
said today.
Daniels declared he would order
expelled from the academy all mid
shipmen found guilty of hazing no
matter how great the number impli
cated.
BALTIMORE, Nov .17. —If Secretary
Daniels dismisses all Annapolis mid
shipmen who are guilty of violating
the hazing rules he will have to close
the academy altogether, Samiel C.
Baker, Jr., of Seattle, a formor mid
shipman declared in a statement made
public today.
Baker, who was expelled from the
academy on a hazing charge, today
said he defied Sacretary Daniels or
Commandant Scales to prove their
allegations. Baker referred to the
Naval academy as "worse than a kin
dergarten."
During 1918 and 1919 Baker said,
that some plebs were so hazed that
they wero barely able to walk. Later
two plebs attempted suicide to es
cape hazing.
Worth Daniel, son of the Secretary
of Navy, was the most frequently
hazed man of his class, Baker de
clared, and he resigned from the
academy after the armistice was
signed.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.—Rear Ad
miral Scales, commandan of the Unit
ed States Naval Academy at Anna
polis has the hazing situation there
in hand, secretary of Navy Daniels
said today.
Daniels declared he would order
expelled from the academy all mid
shipmen found guilty of hazing no
matter how great the number impli
cated.
BALTIMORE, Nov .17. —If Secretary
Daniels dismisses all Annapolis mid
shipmen who are guilty of violating
the hazing rules he will have to close
the academy altogether, Samiel C.
Baker, Jr., of Seattle, a formor mid
shipman declared in a statement made
public today.
Baker, who was expelled from the
academy on a hazing charge, today
said he defied Sacretary Daniels or
Commandant Scales to prove their
allegations. Baker referred to the
Naval academy as "worse than a kin
dergarten."
During 1918 and 1919 Baker said,
that some plebs were so hazed that
they wero barely able to walk. Later
two plebs attempted suicide to es
cape hazing.
Worth Daniel, son of the Secretary
of Navy, was the most frequently
hazed man of his class, Baker de
clared, and he resigned from the
academy after the armistice was
signed.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.—Rear Ad
miral Scales, commandan of the Unit
ed States Naval Academy at Anna
polis has the hazing situation there
in hand, secretary of Navy Daniels
said today.
Daniels declared he would order
expelled from the academy all mid
shipmen found guilty of hazing no
matter how great the number impli
cated.
BALTIMORE, Nov .17. —If Secretary
Daniels dismisses all Annapolis mid
shipmen who are guilty of violating
the hazing rules he will have to close
the academy altogether, Samiel C.
Baker, Jr., of Seattle, a formor mid
shipman declared in a statement made
public today.
Baker, who was expelled from the
academy on a hazing charge, today
said he defied Sacretary Daniels or
Commandant Scales to prove their
allegations. Baker referred to the
Naval academy as "worse than a kin
dergarten."
During 1918 and 1919 Baker said,
that some plebs were so hazed that
they wero barely able to walk. Later
two plebs attempted suicide to es
cape hazing.
Worth Daniel, son of the Secretary
of Navy, was the most frequently
hazed man of his class, Baker de
clared, and he resigned from the
academy after the armistice was
signed.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.—Rear Ad
miral Scales, commandan of the Unit
ed States Naval Academy at Anna
polis has the hazing situation there
in hand, secretary of Navy Daniels
said today.
Daniels declared he would order
expelled from the academy all mid
shipmen found guilty of hazing no
matter how great the number impli
cated.
BALTIMORE, Nov .17. —If Secretary
Daniels dismisses all Annapolis mid
shipmen who are guilty of violating
the hazing rules he will have to close
the academy altogether, Samiel C.
Baker, Jr., of Seattle, a formor mid
shipman declared in a statement made
public today.
Baker, who was expelled from the
academy on a hazing charge, today
said he defied Sacretary Daniels or
Commandant Scales to prove their
allegations. Baker referred to the
Naval academy as "worse than a kin
dergarten."
During 1918 and 1919 Baker said,
that some plebs were so hazed that
they wero barely able to walk. Later
two plebs attempted suicide to es
cape hazing.
Worth Daniel, son of the Secretary
of Navy, was the most frequently
hazed man of his class, Baker de
clared, and he resigned from the
academy after the armistice was
signed.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.—Rear Ad
miral Scales, commandan of the Unit
ed States Naval Academy at Anna
polis has the hazing situation there
in hand, secretary of Navy Daniels
said today.
Daniels declared he would order
expelled from the academy all mid
shipmen found guilty of hazing no
matter how great the number impli
cated.
BALTIMORE, Nov .17. —If Secretary
Daniels dismisses all Annapolis mid
shipmen who are guilty of violating
the hazing rules he will have to close
the academy altogether, Samiel C.
Baker, Jr., of Seattle, a formor mid
shipman declared in a statement made
public today.
Baker, who was expelled from the
academy on a hazing charge, today
said he defied Sacretary Daniels or
Commandant Scales to prove their
allegations. Baker referred to the
Naval academy as "worse than a kin
dergarten."
During 1918 and 1919 Baker said,
that some plebs were so hazed that
they wero barely able to walk. Later
two plebs attempted suicide to es
cape hazing.
Worth Daniel, son of the Secretary
of Navy, was the most frequently
hazed man of his class, Baker de
clared, and he resigned from the
academy after the armistice was
signed.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.—Rear Ad
miral Scales, commandan of the Unit
ed States Naval Academy at Anna
polis has the hazing situation there
in hand, secretary of Navy Daniels
said today.
Daniels declared he would order
expelled from the academy all mid
shipmen found guilty of hazing no
matter how great the number impli
cated.
BALTIMORE, Nov .17. —If Secretary
Daniels dismisses all Annapolis mid
shipmen who are guilty of violating
the hazing rules he will have to close
the academy altogether, Samiel C.
Baker, Jr., of Seattle, a formor mid
shipman declared in a statement made
public today.
Baker, who was expelled from the
academy on a hazing charge, today
said he defied Sacretary Daniels or
Commandant Scales to prove their
allegations. Baker referred to the
Naval academy as "worse than a kin
dergarten."
During 1918 and 1919 Baker said,
that some plebs were so hazed that
they wero barely able to walk. Later
two plebs attempted suicide to es
cape hazing.
Worth Daniel, son of the Secretary
of Navy, was the most frequently
hazed man of his class, Baker de
clared, and he resigned from the
academy after the armistice was
signed.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.—Rear Ad
miral Scales, commandan of the Unit
ed States Naval Academy at Anna
polis has the hazing situation there
in hand, secretary of Navy Daniels
said today.
Daniels declared he would order
expelled from the academy all mid
shipmen found guilty of hazing no
matter how great the number impli
cated.
BALTIMORE, Nov .17. —If Secretary
Daniels dismisses all Annapolis mid
shipmen who are guilty of violating
the hazing rules he will have to close
the academy altogether, Samiel C.
Baker, Jr., of Seattle, a formor mid
shipman declared in a statement made
public today.
Baker, who was expelled from the
academy on a hazing charge, today
said he defied Sacretary Daniels or
Commandant Scales to prove their
allegations. Baker referred to the
Naval academy as "worse than a kin
dergarten."
During 1918 and 1919 Baker said,
that some plebs were so hazed that
they wero barely able to walk. Later
two plebs attempted suicide to es
cape hazing.
Worth Daniel, son of the Secretary
of Navy, was the most frequently
hazed man of his class, Baker de
clared, and he resigned from the
academy after the armistice was
signed.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.—Rear Ad
miral Scales, commandan of the Unit
ed States Naval Academy at Anna
polis has the hazing situation there
in hand, secretary of Navy Daniels
said today.
Daniels declared he would order
expelled from the academy all mid
shipmen found guilty of hazing no
matter how great the number impli
cated.
BALTIMORE, Nov .17. —If Secretary
Daniels dismisses all Annapolis mid
shipmen who are guilty of violating
the hazing rules he will have to close
the academy altogether, Samiel C.
Baker, Jr., of Seattle, a formor mid
shipman declared in a statement made
public today.
Baker, who was expelled from the
academy on a hazing charge, today
said he defied Sacretary Daniels or
Commandant Scales to prove their
allegations. Baker referred to the
Naval academy as "worse than a kin
dergarten."
During 1918 and 1919 Baker said,
that some plebs were so hazed that
they wero barely able to walk. Later
two plebs attempted suicide to es
cape hazing.
Worth Daniel, son of the Secretary
of Navy, was the most frequently
hazed man of his class, Baker de
clared, and he resigned from the
academy after the armistice was
signed.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.—Rear Ad
miral Scales, commandan of the Unit
ed States Naval Academy at Anna
polis has the hazing situation there
in hand, secretary of Navy Daniels
said today.
Daniels declared he would order
expelled from the academy all mid
shipmen found guilty of hazing no
matter how great the number impli
cated.
BALTIMORE, Nov .17. —If Secretary
Daniels dismisses all Annapolis mid
shipmen who are guilty of violating
the hazing rules he will have to close
the academy altogether, Samiel C.
Baker, Jr., of Seattle, a formor mid
shipman declared in a statement made
public today.
Baker, who was expelled from the
academy on a hazing charge, today
said he defied Sacretary Daniels or
Commandant Scales to prove their
allegations. Baker referred to the
Naval academy as "worse than a kin
dergarten."
During 1918 and 1919 Baker said,
that some plebs were so hazed that
they wero barely able to walk. Later
two plebs attempted suicide to es
cape hazing.
Worth Daniel, son of the Secretary
of Navy, was the most frequently
hazed man of his class, Baker de
clared, and he resigned from the
academy after the armistice was
signed.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.—Rear Ad
miral Scales, commandan of the Unit
ed States Naval Academy at Anna
polis has the hazing situation there
in hand, secretary of Navy Daniels
said today.
Daniels declared he would order
expelled from the academy all mid
shipmen found guilty of hazing no
matter how great the number impli
cated.
BALTIMORE, Nov .17. —If Secretary
Daniels dismisses all Annapolis mid
shipmen who are guilty of violating
the hazing rules he will have to close
the academy altogether, Samiel C.
Baker, Jr., of Seattle, a formor mid
shipman declared in a statement made
public today.
Baker, who was expelled from the
academy on a hazing charge, today
said he defied Sacretary Daniels or
Commandant Scales to prove their
allegations. Baker referred to the
Naval academy as "worse than a kin
dergarten."
During 1918 and 1919 Baker said,
that some plebs were so hazed that
they wero barely able to walk. Later
two plebs attempted suicide to es
cape hazing.
Worth Daniel, son of the Secretary
of Navy, was the most frequently
hazed man of his class, Baker de
clared, and he resigned from the
academy after the armistice was
signed.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.—Rear Ad
miral Scales, commandan of the Unit
ed States Naval Academy at Anna
polis has the hazing situation there
in hand, secretary of Navy Daniels
said today.
Daniels declared he would order
expelled from the academy all mid
shipmen found guilty of hazing no
matter how great the number impli
cated.
BALTIMORE, Nov .17. —If Secretary
Daniels dismisses all Annapolis mid
shipmen who are guilty of violating
the hazing rules he will have to close
the academy altogether, Samiel C.
Baker, Jr., of Seattle, a formor mid
shipman declared in a statement made
public today.
Baker, who was expelled from the
academy on a hazing charge, today
said he defied Sacretary Daniels or
Commandant Scales to prove their
allegations. Baker referred to the
Naval academy as "worse than a kin
dergarten."
During 1918 and 1919 Baker said,
that some plebs were so hazed that
they wero barely able to walk. Later
two plebs attempted suicide to es
cape hazing.
Worth Daniel, son of the Secretary
of Navy, was the most frequently
hazed man of his class, Baker de
clared, and he resigned from the
academy after the armistice was
signed.
