# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
A sudden meeting of the Big; Four
was called a few hours before the
opening of the United Nations
Conference. The presence of T. V.
Soog, Chinese foreign minister who
was the first to arrive, indicated
the meeting- primarily concerned
United States, Russia, Britain and
China and not the Polish issue as
it was first generally believed.

By United Press
A sudden meeting of the Big; Four
was called a few hours before the
opening of the United Nations
Conference. The presence of T. V.
Soog, Chinese foreign minister who
was the first to arrive, indicated
the meeting- primarily concerned
United States, Russia, Britain and
China and not the Polish issue as
it was first generally believed.

By United Press
A sudden meeting of the Big; Four
was called a few hours before the
opening of the United Nations
Conference. The presence of T. V.
Soog, Chinese foreign minister who
was the first to arrive, indicated
the meeting- primarily concerned
United States, Russia, Britain and
China and not the Polish issue as
it was first generally believed.

By United Press
A sudden meeting of the Big; Four
was called a few hours before the
opening of the United Nations
Conference. The presence of T. V.
Soog, Chinese foreign minister who
was the first to arrive, indicated
the meeting- primarily concerned
United States, Russia, Britain and
China and not the Polish issue as
it was first generally believed.

By United Press
A sudden meeting of the Big; Four
was called a few hours before the
opening of the United Nations
Conference. The presence of T. V.
Soog, Chinese foreign minister who
was the first to arrive, indicated
the meeting- primarily concerned
United States, Russia, Britain and
China and not the Polish issue as
it was first generally believed.

By United Press
A sudden meeting of the Big; Four
was called a few hours before the
opening of the United Nations
Conference. The presence of T. V.
Soog, Chinese foreign minister who
was the first to arrive, indicated
the meeting- primarily concerned
United States, Russia, Britain and
China and not the Polish issue as
it was first generally believed.

By United Press
A sudden meeting of the Big; Four
was called a few hours before the
opening of the United Nations
Conference. The presence of T. V.
Soog, Chinese foreign minister who
was the first to arrive, indicated
the meeting- primarily concerned
United States, Russia, Britain and
China and not the Polish issue as
it was first generally believed.

By United Press
A sudden meeting of the Big; Four
was called a few hours before the
opening of the United Nations
Conference. The presence of T. V.
Soog, Chinese foreign minister who
was the first to arrive, indicated
the meeting- primarily concerned
United States, Russia, Britain and
China and not the Polish issue as
it was first generally believed.

By United Press
A sudden meeting of the Big; Four
was called a few hours before the
opening of the United Nations
Conference. The presence of T. V.
Soog, Chinese foreign minister who
was the first to arrive, indicated
the meeting- primarily concerned
United States, Russia, Britain and
China and not the Polish issue as
it was first generally believed.

By United Press
A sudden meeting of the Big; Four
was called a few hours before the
opening of the United Nations
Conference. The presence of T. V.
Soog, Chinese foreign minister who
was the first to arrive, indicated
the meeting- primarily concerned
United States, Russia, Britain and
China and not the Polish issue as
it was first generally believed.

By United Press
A sudden meeting of the Big; Four
was called a few hours before the
opening of the United Nations
Conference. The presence of T. V.
Soog, Chinese foreign minister who
was the first to arrive, indicated
the meeting- primarily concerned
United States, Russia, Britain and
China and not the Polish issue as
it was first generally believed.

By United Press
A sudden meeting of the Big; Four
was called a few hours before the
opening of the United Nations
Conference. The presence of T. V.
Soog, Chinese foreign minister who
was the first to arrive, indicated
the meeting- primarily concerned
United States, Russia, Britain and
China and not the Polish issue as
it was first generally believed.

By United Press
A sudden meeting of the Big; Four
was called a few hours before the
opening of the United Nations
Conference. The presence of T. V.
Soog, Chinese foreign minister who
was the first to arrive, indicated
the meeting- primarily concerned
United States, Russia, Britain and
China and not the Polish issue as
it was first generally believed.

By United Press
A sudden meeting of the Big; Four
was called a few hours before the
opening of the United Nations
Conference. The presence of T. V.
Soog, Chinese foreign minister who
was the first to arrive, indicated
the meeting- primarily concerned
United States, Russia, Britain and
China and not the Polish issue as
it was first generally believed.

By United Press
A sudden meeting of the Big; Four
was called a few hours before the
opening of the United Nations
Conference. The presence of T. V.
Soog, Chinese foreign minister who
was the first to arrive, indicated
the meeting- primarily concerned
United States, Russia, Britain and
China and not the Polish issue as
it was first generally believed.
