# Luisetti's Fame Hits Okinawa
## 
### 
Navy Lieutenant (j.g.) Robert S.
Livingston, 27, of San Francisco, a
medical officer attached to a mili
tary government unit on Okinawa,
knew that "Hank" Luisetti was a
widely known basketball star. He
attended the Stanford School of
Medicine at the same time Luisetti
v/as establishing phenomenal scor
ing records as a member of the In
dian cage team.
But even the lieutenant was sur
prised to learn that the celebrated
player's fame had spread to Okina
wa. In a village schoolhouse which
he was converting into a temporary
hospital, the doctor found a Japa
nese sports book containing a large
reproduction of an action picture of
Stanford's greatest basketball play
er. The accompanying caption fea

tured the name "Hank Luisetti" in
English.
"Now I know what the American
sports writers meant when they said
'Hank' possessed a world-wide rep
utation," the young doctor told Ser
geant Keith Topping of Hanford,
Calif., a Marine combat correspond
ent.
Navy Lieutenant (j.g.) Robert S.
Livingston, 27, of San Francisco, a
medical officer attached to a mili
tary government unit on Okinawa,
knew that "Hank" Luisetti was a
widely known basketball star. He
attended the Stanford School of
Medicine at the same time Luisetti
v/as establishing phenomenal scor
ing records as a member of the In
dian cage team.
But even the lieutenant was sur
prised to learn that the celebrated
player's fame had spread to Okina
wa. In a village schoolhouse which
he was converting into a temporary
hospital, the doctor found a Japa
nese sports book containing a large
reproduction of an action picture of
Stanford's greatest basketball play
er. The accompanying caption fea

tured the name "Hank Luisetti" in
English.
"Now I know what the American
sports writers meant when they said
'Hank' possessed a world-wide rep
utation," the young doctor told Ser
geant Keith Topping of Hanford,
Calif., a Marine combat correspond
ent.
Navy Lieutenant (j.g.) Robert S.
Livingston, 27, of San Francisco, a
medical officer attached to a mili
tary government unit on Okinawa,
knew that "Hank" Luisetti was a
widely known basketball star. He
attended the Stanford School of
Medicine at the same time Luisetti
v/as establishing phenomenal scor
ing records as a member of the In
dian cage team.
But even the lieutenant was sur
prised to learn that the celebrated
player's fame had spread to Okina
wa. In a village schoolhouse which
he was converting into a temporary
hospital, the doctor found a Japa
nese sports book containing a large
reproduction of an action picture of
Stanford's greatest basketball play
er. The accompanying caption fea

tured the name "Hank Luisetti" in
English.
"Now I know what the American
sports writers meant when they said
'Hank' possessed a world-wide rep
utation," the young doctor told Ser
geant Keith Topping of Hanford,
Calif., a Marine combat correspond
ent.
Navy Lieutenant (j.g.) Robert S.
Livingston, 27, of San Francisco, a
medical officer attached to a mili
tary government unit on Okinawa,
knew that "Hank" Luisetti was a
widely known basketball star. He
attended the Stanford School of
Medicine at the same time Luisetti
v/as establishing phenomenal scor
ing records as a member of the In
dian cage team.
But even the lieutenant was sur
prised to learn that the celebrated
player's fame had spread to Okina
wa. In a village schoolhouse which
he was converting into a temporary
hospital, the doctor found a Japa
nese sports book containing a large
reproduction of an action picture of
Stanford's greatest basketball play
er. The accompanying caption fea

tured the name "Hank Luisetti" in
English.
"Now I know what the American
sports writers meant when they said
'Hank' possessed a world-wide rep
utation," the young doctor told Ser
geant Keith Topping of Hanford,
Calif., a Marine combat correspond
ent.
Navy Lieutenant (j.g.) Robert S.
Livingston, 27, of San Francisco, a
medical officer attached to a mili
tary government unit on Okinawa,
knew that "Hank" Luisetti was a
widely known basketball star. He
attended the Stanford School of
Medicine at the same time Luisetti
v/as establishing phenomenal scor
ing records as a member of the In
dian cage team.
But even the lieutenant was sur
prised to learn that the celebrated
player's fame had spread to Okina
wa. In a village schoolhouse which
he was converting into a temporary
hospital, the doctor found a Japa
nese sports book containing a large
reproduction of an action picture of
Stanford's greatest basketball play
er. The accompanying caption fea

tured the name "Hank Luisetti" in
English.
"Now I know what the American
sports writers meant when they said
'Hank' possessed a world-wide rep
utation," the young doctor told Ser
geant Keith Topping of Hanford,
Calif., a Marine combat correspond
ent.
Navy Lieutenant (j.g.) Robert S.
Livingston, 27, of San Francisco, a
medical officer attached to a mili
tary government unit on Okinawa,
knew that "Hank" Luisetti was a
widely known basketball star. He
attended the Stanford School of
Medicine at the same time Luisetti
v/as establishing phenomenal scor
ing records as a member of the In
dian cage team.
But even the lieutenant was sur
prised to learn that the celebrated
player's fame had spread to Okina
wa. In a village schoolhouse which
he was converting into a temporary
hospital, the doctor found a Japa
nese sports book containing a large
reproduction of an action picture of
Stanford's greatest basketball play
er. The accompanying caption fea

tured the name "Hank Luisetti" in
English.
"Now I know what the American
sports writers meant when they said
'Hank' possessed a world-wide rep
utation," the young doctor told Ser
geant Keith Topping of Hanford,
Calif., a Marine combat correspond
ent.
Navy Lieutenant (j.g.) Robert S.
Livingston, 27, of San Francisco, a
medical officer attached to a mili
tary government unit on Okinawa,
knew that "Hank" Luisetti was a
widely known basketball star. He
attended the Stanford School of
Medicine at the same time Luisetti
v/as establishing phenomenal scor
ing records as a member of the In
dian cage team.
But even the lieutenant was sur
prised to learn that the celebrated
player's fame had spread to Okina
wa. In a village schoolhouse which
he was converting into a temporary
hospital, the doctor found a Japa
nese sports book containing a large
reproduction of an action picture of
Stanford's greatest basketball play
er. The accompanying caption fea

tured the name "Hank Luisetti" in
English.
"Now I know what the American
sports writers meant when they said
'Hank' possessed a world-wide rep
utation," the young doctor told Ser
geant Keith Topping of Hanford,
Calif., a Marine combat correspond
ent.
Navy Lieutenant (j.g.) Robert S.
Livingston, 27, of San Francisco, a
medical officer attached to a mili
tary government unit on Okinawa,
knew that "Hank" Luisetti was a
widely known basketball star. He
attended the Stanford School of
Medicine at the same time Luisetti
v/as establishing phenomenal scor
ing records as a member of the In
dian cage team.
But even the lieutenant was sur
prised to learn that the celebrated
player's fame had spread to Okina
wa. In a village schoolhouse which
he was converting into a temporary
hospital, the doctor found a Japa
nese sports book containing a large
reproduction of an action picture of
Stanford's greatest basketball play
er. The accompanying caption fea

tured the name "Hank Luisetti" in
English.
"Now I know what the American
sports writers meant when they said
'Hank' possessed a world-wide rep
utation," the young doctor told Ser
geant Keith Topping of Hanford,
Calif., a Marine combat correspond
ent.
Navy Lieutenant (j.g.) Robert S.
Livingston, 27, of San Francisco, a
medical officer attached to a mili
tary government unit on Okinawa,
knew that "Hank" Luisetti was a
widely known basketball star. He
attended the Stanford School of
Medicine at the same time Luisetti
v/as establishing phenomenal scor
ing records as a member of the In
dian cage team.
But even the lieutenant was sur
prised to learn that the celebrated
player's fame had spread to Okina
wa. In a village schoolhouse which
he was converting into a temporary
hospital, the doctor found a Japa
nese sports book containing a large
reproduction of an action picture of
Stanford's greatest basketball play
er. The accompanying caption fea

tured the name "Hank Luisetti" in
English.
"Now I know what the American
sports writers meant when they said
'Hank' possessed a world-wide rep
utation," the young doctor told Ser
geant Keith Topping of Hanford,
Calif., a Marine combat correspond
ent.
Navy Lieutenant (j.g.) Robert S.
Livingston, 27, of San Francisco, a
medical officer attached to a mili
tary government unit on Okinawa,
knew that "Hank" Luisetti was a
widely known basketball star. He
attended the Stanford School of
Medicine at the same time Luisetti
v/as establishing phenomenal scor
ing records as a member of the In
dian cage team.
But even the lieutenant was sur
prised to learn that the celebrated
player's fame had spread to Okina
wa. In a village schoolhouse which
he was converting into a temporary
hospital, the doctor found a Japa
nese sports book containing a large
reproduction of an action picture of
Stanford's greatest basketball play
er. The accompanying caption fea

tured the name "Hank Luisetti" in
English.
"Now I know what the American
sports writers meant when they said
'Hank' possessed a world-wide rep
utation," the young doctor told Ser
geant Keith Topping of Hanford,
Calif., a Marine combat correspond
ent.
Navy Lieutenant (j.g.) Robert S.
Livingston, 27, of San Francisco, a
medical officer attached to a mili
tary government unit on Okinawa,
knew that "Hank" Luisetti was a
widely known basketball star. He
attended the Stanford School of
Medicine at the same time Luisetti
v/as establishing phenomenal scor
ing records as a member of the In
dian cage team.
But even the lieutenant was sur
prised to learn that the celebrated
player's fame had spread to Okina
wa. In a village schoolhouse which
he was converting into a temporary
hospital, the doctor found a Japa
nese sports book containing a large
reproduction of an action picture of
Stanford's greatest basketball play
er. The accompanying caption fea

tured the name "Hank Luisetti" in
English.
"Now I know what the American
sports writers meant when they said
'Hank' possessed a world-wide rep
utation," the young doctor told Ser
geant Keith Topping of Hanford,
Calif., a Marine combat correspond
ent.
Navy Lieutenant (j.g.) Robert S.
Livingston, 27, of San Francisco, a
medical officer attached to a mili
tary government unit on Okinawa,
knew that "Hank" Luisetti was a
widely known basketball star. He
attended the Stanford School of
Medicine at the same time Luisetti
v/as establishing phenomenal scor
ing records as a member of the In
dian cage team.
But even the lieutenant was sur
prised to learn that the celebrated
player's fame had spread to Okina
wa. In a village schoolhouse which
he was converting into a temporary
hospital, the doctor found a Japa
nese sports book containing a large
reproduction of an action picture of
Stanford's greatest basketball play
er. The accompanying caption fea

tured the name "Hank Luisetti" in
English.
"Now I know what the American
sports writers meant when they said
'Hank' possessed a world-wide rep
utation," the young doctor told Ser
geant Keith Topping of Hanford,
Calif., a Marine combat correspond
ent.
Navy Lieutenant (j.g.) Robert S.
Livingston, 27, of San Francisco, a
medical officer attached to a mili
tary government unit on Okinawa,
knew that "Hank" Luisetti was a
widely known basketball star. He
attended the Stanford School of
Medicine at the same time Luisetti
v/as establishing phenomenal scor
ing records as a member of the In
dian cage team.
But even the lieutenant was sur
prised to learn that the celebrated
player's fame had spread to Okina
wa. In a village schoolhouse which
he was converting into a temporary
hospital, the doctor found a Japa
nese sports book containing a large
reproduction of an action picture of
Stanford's greatest basketball play
er. The accompanying caption fea

tured the name "Hank Luisetti" in
English.
"Now I know what the American
sports writers meant when they said
'Hank' possessed a world-wide rep
utation," the young doctor told Ser
geant Keith Topping of Hanford,
Calif., a Marine combat correspond
ent.
Navy Lieutenant (j.g.) Robert S.
Livingston, 27, of San Francisco, a
medical officer attached to a mili
tary government unit on Okinawa,
knew that "Hank" Luisetti was a
widely known basketball star. He
attended the Stanford School of
Medicine at the same time Luisetti
v/as establishing phenomenal scor
ing records as a member of the In
dian cage team.
But even the lieutenant was sur
prised to learn that the celebrated
player's fame had spread to Okina
wa. In a village schoolhouse which
he was converting into a temporary
hospital, the doctor found a Japa
nese sports book containing a large
reproduction of an action picture of
Stanford's greatest basketball play
er. The accompanying caption fea

tured the name "Hank Luisetti" in
English.
"Now I know what the American
sports writers meant when they said
'Hank' possessed a world-wide rep
utation," the young doctor told Ser
geant Keith Topping of Hanford,
Calif., a Marine combat correspond
ent.
Navy Lieutenant (j.g.) Robert S.
Livingston, 27, of San Francisco, a
medical officer attached to a mili
tary government unit on Okinawa,
knew that "Hank" Luisetti was a
widely known basketball star. He
attended the Stanford School of
Medicine at the same time Luisetti
v/as establishing phenomenal scor
ing records as a member of the In
dian cage team.
But even the lieutenant was sur
prised to learn that the celebrated
player's fame had spread to Okina
wa. In a village schoolhouse which
he was converting into a temporary
hospital, the doctor found a Japa
nese sports book containing a large
reproduction of an action picture of
Stanford's greatest basketball play
er. The accompanying caption fea

tured the name "Hank Luisetti" in
English.
"Now I know what the American
sports writers meant when they said
'Hank' possessed a world-wide rep
utation," the young doctor told Ser
geant Keith Topping of Hanford,
Calif., a Marine combat correspond
ent.
