# Officers Discuss Lagunita Affairs
## 
### 
All old and new officers of Lagu
nita Court and the casas within the
Court will meet in the Eucalypto
social room immediately after din
ner this evening for a round table
discussion on various phases of La
gunita government. Evaluation of
this year's activities and proposals
for activities next year will be in
cluded in the discussion, according
to Barbara Seaver, chairman of the
affair.
Pamela Strathairn, chairman of
Women's Conference, will speak
about problems of leadership; Joey
Nell Ryan, president of Lagunita,
will discuss Court government, and
Eucalypto president Alice Webb will
outline the work within the casas.
All women interested are invited
to attend.
