# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
In there pitching for hemispheric
security is John Sofianopoulos,
Greek minister of foreign affairs
and chairman of his country's
delegation to the UNCIO, as he
speaks before a meeting of the
Conference.

By United Press
In there pitching for hemispheric
security is John Sofianopoulos,
Greek minister of foreign affairs
and chairman of his country's
delegation to the UNCIO, as he
speaks before a meeting of the
Conference.

By United Press
In there pitching for hemispheric
security is John Sofianopoulos,
Greek minister of foreign affairs
and chairman of his country's
delegation to the UNCIO, as he
speaks before a meeting of the
Conference.

By United Press
In there pitching for hemispheric
security is John Sofianopoulos,
Greek minister of foreign affairs
and chairman of his country's
delegation to the UNCIO, as he
speaks before a meeting of the
Conference.

By United Press
In there pitching for hemispheric
security is John Sofianopoulos,
Greek minister of foreign affairs
and chairman of his country's
delegation to the UNCIO, as he
speaks before a meeting of the
Conference.

By United Press
In there pitching for hemispheric
security is John Sofianopoulos,
Greek minister of foreign affairs
and chairman of his country's
delegation to the UNCIO, as he
speaks before a meeting of the
Conference.

By United Press
In there pitching for hemispheric
security is John Sofianopoulos,
Greek minister of foreign affairs
and chairman of his country's
delegation to the UNCIO, as he
speaks before a meeting of the
Conference.

By United Press
In there pitching for hemispheric
security is John Sofianopoulos,
Greek minister of foreign affairs
and chairman of his country's
delegation to the UNCIO, as he
speaks before a meeting of the
Conference.

By United Press
In there pitching for hemispheric
security is John Sofianopoulos,
Greek minister of foreign affairs
and chairman of his country's
delegation to the UNCIO, as he
speaks before a meeting of the
Conference.

By United Press
In there pitching for hemispheric
security is John Sofianopoulos,
Greek minister of foreign affairs
and chairman of his country's
delegation to the UNCIO, as he
speaks before a meeting of the
Conference.

By United Press
In there pitching for hemispheric
security is John Sofianopoulos,
Greek minister of foreign affairs
and chairman of his country's
delegation to the UNCIO, as he
speaks before a meeting of the
Conference.

By United Press
In there pitching for hemispheric
security is John Sofianopoulos,
Greek minister of foreign affairs
and chairman of his country's
delegation to the UNCIO, as he
speaks before a meeting of the
Conference.

By United Press
In there pitching for hemispheric
security is John Sofianopoulos,
Greek minister of foreign affairs
and chairman of his country's
delegation to the UNCIO, as he
speaks before a meeting of the
Conference.

By United Press
In there pitching for hemispheric
security is John Sofianopoulos,
Greek minister of foreign affairs
and chairman of his country's
delegation to the UNCIO, as he
speaks before a meeting of the
Conference.

By United Press
In there pitching for hemispheric
security is John Sofianopoulos,
Greek minister of foreign affairs
and chairman of his country's
delegation to the UNCIO, as he
speaks before a meeting of the
Conference.
