# HOPKINS ON BOARD
## 
### 
Dr. William Hopkins, professor of
labor economics at Stanford, has
been named one of four new mem
bers of the Regional War Labor
Board, it was announced recently.
The board on which Dr. Hopkins
will serve covers the Arizona, Ne
vada, California area of Western
United States.
Dr. William Hopkins, professor of
labor economics at Stanford, has
been named one of four new mem
bers of the Regional War Labor
Board, it was announced recently.
The board on which Dr. Hopkins
will serve covers the Arizona, Ne
vada, California area of Western
United States.
Dr. William Hopkins, professor of
labor economics at Stanford, has
been named one of four new mem
bers of the Regional War Labor
Board, it was announced recently.
The board on which Dr. Hopkins
will serve covers the Arizona, Ne
vada, California area of Western
United States.
Dr. William Hopkins, professor of
labor economics at Stanford, has
been named one of four new mem
bers of the Regional War Labor
Board, it was announced recently.
The board on which Dr. Hopkins
will serve covers the Arizona, Ne
vada, California area of Western
United States.
Dr. William Hopkins, professor of
labor economics at Stanford, has
been named one of four new mem
bers of the Regional War Labor
Board, it was announced recently.
The board on which Dr. Hopkins
will serve covers the Arizona, Ne
vada, California area of Western
United States.
Dr. William Hopkins, professor of
labor economics at Stanford, has
been named one of four new mem
bers of the Regional War Labor
Board, it was announced recently.
The board on which Dr. Hopkins
will serve covers the Arizona, Ne
vada, California area of Western
United States.
Dr. William Hopkins, professor of
labor economics at Stanford, has
been named one of four new mem
bers of the Regional War Labor
Board, it was announced recently.
The board on which Dr. Hopkins
will serve covers the Arizona, Ne
vada, California area of Western
United States.
Dr. William Hopkins, professor of
labor economics at Stanford, has
been named one of four new mem
bers of the Regional War Labor
Board, it was announced recently.
The board on which Dr. Hopkins
will serve covers the Arizona, Ne
vada, California area of Western
United States.
Dr. William Hopkins, professor of
labor economics at Stanford, has
been named one of four new mem
bers of the Regional War Labor
Board, it was announced recently.
The board on which Dr. Hopkins
will serve covers the Arizona, Ne
vada, California area of Western
United States.
Dr. William Hopkins, professor of
labor economics at Stanford, has
been named one of four new mem
bers of the Regional War Labor
Board, it was announced recently.
The board on which Dr. Hopkins
will serve covers the Arizona, Ne
vada, California area of Western
United States.
Dr. William Hopkins, professor of
labor economics at Stanford, has
been named one of four new mem
bers of the Regional War Labor
Board, it was announced recently.
The board on which Dr. Hopkins
will serve covers the Arizona, Ne
vada, California area of Western
United States.
Dr. William Hopkins, professor of
labor economics at Stanford, has
been named one of four new mem
bers of the Regional War Labor
Board, it was announced recently.
The board on which Dr. Hopkins
will serve covers the Arizona, Ne
vada, California area of Western
United States.
Dr. William Hopkins, professor of
labor economics at Stanford, has
been named one of four new mem
bers of the Regional War Labor
Board, it was announced recently.
The board on which Dr. Hopkins
will serve covers the Arizona, Ne
vada, California area of Western
United States.
Dr. William Hopkins, professor of
labor economics at Stanford, has
been named one of four new mem
bers of the Regional War Labor
Board, it was announced recently.
The board on which Dr. Hopkins
will serve covers the Arizona, Ne
vada, California area of Western
United States.
Dr. William Hopkins, professor of
labor economics at Stanford, has
been named one of four new mem
bers of the Regional War Labor
Board, it was announced recently.
The board on which Dr. Hopkins
will serve covers the Arizona, Ne
vada, California area of Western
United States.
