# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Northern trip of the Rugby
team needs no better justification
than the communication from a Seat
tle alumnus which will be found in
another column. The splendid im
pression created by the team through
out the Northwest will undoubtedly
bring many men from that section
of the country to Stanford in the fu
ture, and will keep alive the good
name of the University throughout
the Puget Sound region. The com
ments on Rugby, which are made in
the same letter will prove interesting
when compared to the general con
sensus of alumni opinion after the
California game. The radical differ
ences in the two view points make it
very evident that the class of Rugby
played in the North was far superior
to anything seen here last season.
