# ASSEMBLY NEXT WEEK
## HEMPL AND JORDAN TO BE THE SPEAKERS. President Will Deliver His Address of Welcome to the Incoming Freshman Class. 
### 
The first student body assembly of
the semester will be held in Assembly
Hall, Wednesday, January 16, at the
fourth hour. Dr. Jordan will preside.
The first speaker will be Professor
George Hempl, the new head of the
German department, who has recently
come here from the University of
Michigan. His topic will be "Phases
of University Life." The second add
ress will be given by Dr. Jordan on
"Young Men that arc Wanted." This
will be the address to the entering
Freshmen given by Dr. Jordan at the
first gathering of each semester.
The second assembly will be held
Thursday, the 31st, the speaker being
the Hon. George C. Pardee, the re
tiring governor of the State of Cali
fornia.
