# German Club to Elect Officers.
## 
### 
The election of officers of the Ger
man Clul) for the ensuing semester
will take place on Saturday evening
at the residence of Professor Karl G.
Rendtorff, 1130 Bryant Street, Palo
Alto.
The election of officers of the Ger
man Clul) for the ensuing semester
will take place on Saturday evening
at the residence of Professor Karl G.
Rendtorff, 1130 Bryant Street, Palo
Alto.
The election of officers of the Ger
man Clul) for the ensuing semester
will take place on Saturday evening
at the residence of Professor Karl G.
Rendtorff, 1130 Bryant Street, Palo
Alto.
The election of officers of the Ger
man Clul) for the ensuing semester
will take place on Saturday evening
at the residence of Professor Karl G.
Rendtorff, 1130 Bryant Street, Palo
Alto.
The election of officers of the Ger
man Clul) for the ensuing semester
will take place on Saturday evening
at the residence of Professor Karl G.
Rendtorff, 1130 Bryant Street, Palo
Alto.
The election of officers of the Ger
man Clul) for the ensuing semester
will take place on Saturday evening
at the residence of Professor Karl G.
Rendtorff, 1130 Bryant Street, Palo
Alto.
The election of officers of the Ger
man Clul) for the ensuing semester
will take place on Saturday evening
at the residence of Professor Karl G.
Rendtorff, 1130 Bryant Street, Palo
Alto.
The election of officers of the Ger
man Clul) for the ensuing semester
will take place on Saturday evening
at the residence of Professor Karl G.
Rendtorff, 1130 Bryant Street, Palo
Alto.
The election of officers of the Ger
man Clul) for the ensuing semester
will take place on Saturday evening
at the residence of Professor Karl G.
Rendtorff, 1130 Bryant Street, Palo
Alto.
