# Briefly...
## 
### 
Talk canceled
A talk by Carmel Budiardjo on polit
ical prisoners in Indonesia which was
to have been given tonight at 7:30 in
Bechtel International Center has been
canceled.
Special meeting
The Palo Alto City Council will hold
a special meeting tonight to discuss
transportation, including bicycle
programs, and other issues, before vot
ing on the adoption of the Comprehen
sive Plan. The meeting is at 7:30 p.m.
at City Hall, and members of the public
will be allowed to address the council.
Talk canceled
A talk by Carmel Budiardjo on polit
ical prisoners in Indonesia which was
to have been given tonight at 7:30 in
Bechtel International Center has been
canceled.
Special meeting
The Palo Alto City Council will hold
a special meeting tonight to discuss
transportation, including bicycle
programs, and other issues, before vot
ing on the adoption of the Comprehen
sive Plan. The meeting is at 7:30 p.m.
at City Hall, and members of the public
will be allowed to address the council.
Talk canceled
A talk by Carmel Budiardjo on polit
ical prisoners in Indonesia which was
to have been given tonight at 7:30 in
Bechtel International Center has been
canceled.
Special meeting
The Palo Alto City Council will hold
a special meeting tonight to discuss
transportation, including bicycle
programs, and other issues, before vot
ing on the adoption of the Comprehen
sive Plan. The meeting is at 7:30 p.m.
at City Hall, and members of the public
will be allowed to address the council.
Talk canceled
A talk by Carmel Budiardjo on polit
ical prisoners in Indonesia which was
to have been given tonight at 7:30 in
Bechtel International Center has been
canceled.
Special meeting
The Palo Alto City Council will hold
a special meeting tonight to discuss
transportation, including bicycle
programs, and other issues, before vot
ing on the adoption of the Comprehen
sive Plan. The meeting is at 7:30 p.m.
at City Hall, and members of the public
will be allowed to address the council.
Talk canceled
A talk by Carmel Budiardjo on polit
ical prisoners in Indonesia which was
to have been given tonight at 7:30 in
Bechtel International Center has been
canceled.
Special meeting
The Palo Alto City Council will hold
a special meeting tonight to discuss
transportation, including bicycle
programs, and other issues, before vot
ing on the adoption of the Comprehen
sive Plan. The meeting is at 7:30 p.m.
at City Hall, and members of the public
will be allowed to address the council.
Talk canceled
A talk by Carmel Budiardjo on polit
ical prisoners in Indonesia which was
to have been given tonight at 7:30 in
Bechtel International Center has been
canceled.
Special meeting
The Palo Alto City Council will hold
a special meeting tonight to discuss
transportation, including bicycle
programs, and other issues, before vot
ing on the adoption of the Comprehen
sive Plan. The meeting is at 7:30 p.m.
at City Hall, and members of the public
will be allowed to address the council.
Talk canceled
A talk by Carmel Budiardjo on polit
ical prisoners in Indonesia which was
to have been given tonight at 7:30 in
Bechtel International Center has been
canceled.
Special meeting
The Palo Alto City Council will hold
a special meeting tonight to discuss
transportation, including bicycle
programs, and other issues, before vot
ing on the adoption of the Comprehen
sive Plan. The meeting is at 7:30 p.m.
at City Hall, and members of the public
will be allowed to address the council.
Talk canceled
A talk by Carmel Budiardjo on polit
ical prisoners in Indonesia which was
to have been given tonight at 7:30 in
Bechtel International Center has been
canceled.
Special meeting
The Palo Alto City Council will hold
a special meeting tonight to discuss
transportation, including bicycle
programs, and other issues, before vot
ing on the adoption of the Comprehen
sive Plan. The meeting is at 7:30 p.m.
at City Hall, and members of the public
will be allowed to address the council.
Talk canceled
A talk by Carmel Budiardjo on polit
ical prisoners in Indonesia which was
to have been given tonight at 7:30 in
Bechtel International Center has been
canceled.
Special meeting
The Palo Alto City Council will hold
a special meeting tonight to discuss
transportation, including bicycle
programs, and other issues, before vot
ing on the adoption of the Comprehen
sive Plan. The meeting is at 7:30 p.m.
at City Hall, and members of the public
will be allowed to address the council.
Talk canceled
A talk by Carmel Budiardjo on polit
ical prisoners in Indonesia which was
to have been given tonight at 7:30 in
Bechtel International Center has been
canceled.
Special meeting
The Palo Alto City Council will hold
a special meeting tonight to discuss
transportation, including bicycle
programs, and other issues, before vot
ing on the adoption of the Comprehen
sive Plan. The meeting is at 7:30 p.m.
at City Hall, and members of the public
will be allowed to address the council.
Talk canceled
A talk by Carmel Budiardjo on polit
ical prisoners in Indonesia which was
to have been given tonight at 7:30 in
Bechtel International Center has been
canceled.
Special meeting
The Palo Alto City Council will hold
a special meeting tonight to discuss
transportation, including bicycle
programs, and other issues, before vot
ing on the adoption of the Comprehen
sive Plan. The meeting is at 7:30 p.m.
at City Hall, and members of the public
will be allowed to address the council.
Talk canceled
A talk by Carmel Budiardjo on polit
ical prisoners in Indonesia which was
to have been given tonight at 7:30 in
Bechtel International Center has been
canceled.
Special meeting
The Palo Alto City Council will hold
a special meeting tonight to discuss
transportation, including bicycle
programs, and other issues, before vot
ing on the adoption of the Comprehen
sive Plan. The meeting is at 7:30 p.m.
at City Hall, and members of the public
will be allowed to address the council.
Talk canceled
A talk by Carmel Budiardjo on polit
ical prisoners in Indonesia which was
to have been given tonight at 7:30 in
Bechtel International Center has been
canceled.
Special meeting
The Palo Alto City Council will hold
a special meeting tonight to discuss
transportation, including bicycle
programs, and other issues, before vot
ing on the adoption of the Comprehen
sive Plan. The meeting is at 7:30 p.m.
at City Hall, and members of the public
will be allowed to address the council.
Talk canceled
A talk by Carmel Budiardjo on polit
ical prisoners in Indonesia which was
to have been given tonight at 7:30 in
Bechtel International Center has been
canceled.
Special meeting
The Palo Alto City Council will hold
a special meeting tonight to discuss
transportation, including bicycle
programs, and other issues, before vot
ing on the adoption of the Comprehen
sive Plan. The meeting is at 7:30 p.m.
at City Hall, and members of the public
will be allowed to address the council.
