# Stanford Professors Spend Week-end at Pacific Grove
## 
### 
Professor and Mrs. E. G. Martin and
Professor F. M. Weymouth, both of
the Physiology department, visited
Pacific Grove this last week-end.
While there Professor Martin pur
chased a summer home, where he in
tends to spend his vacation.
Professor and Mrs. E. G. Martin and
Professor F. M. Weymouth, both of
the Physiology department, visited
Pacific Grove this last week-end.
While there Professor Martin pur
chased a summer home, where he in
tends to spend his vacation.
Professor and Mrs. E. G. Martin and
Professor F. M. Weymouth, both of
the Physiology department, visited
Pacific Grove this last week-end.
While there Professor Martin pur
chased a summer home, where he in
tends to spend his vacation.
Professor and Mrs. E. G. Martin and
Professor F. M. Weymouth, both of
the Physiology department, visited
Pacific Grove this last week-end.
While there Professor Martin pur
chased a summer home, where he in
tends to spend his vacation.
Professor and Mrs. E. G. Martin and
Professor F. M. Weymouth, both of
the Physiology department, visited
Pacific Grove this last week-end.
While there Professor Martin pur
chased a summer home, where he in
tends to spend his vacation.
Professor and Mrs. E. G. Martin and
Professor F. M. Weymouth, both of
the Physiology department, visited
Pacific Grove this last week-end.
While there Professor Martin pur
chased a summer home, where he in
tends to spend his vacation.
Professor and Mrs. E. G. Martin and
Professor F. M. Weymouth, both of
the Physiology department, visited
Pacific Grove this last week-end.
While there Professor Martin pur
chased a summer home, where he in
tends to spend his vacation.
Professor and Mrs. E. G. Martin and
Professor F. M. Weymouth, both of
the Physiology department, visited
Pacific Grove this last week-end.
While there Professor Martin pur
chased a summer home, where he in
tends to spend his vacation.
Professor and Mrs. E. G. Martin and
Professor F. M. Weymouth, both of
the Physiology department, visited
Pacific Grove this last week-end.
While there Professor Martin pur
chased a summer home, where he in
tends to spend his vacation.
Professor and Mrs. E. G. Martin and
Professor F. M. Weymouth, both of
the Physiology department, visited
Pacific Grove this last week-end.
While there Professor Martin pur
chased a summer home, where he in
tends to spend his vacation.
Professor and Mrs. E. G. Martin and
Professor F. M. Weymouth, both of
the Physiology department, visited
Pacific Grove this last week-end.
While there Professor Martin pur
chased a summer home, where he in
tends to spend his vacation.
Professor and Mrs. E. G. Martin and
Professor F. M. Weymouth, both of
the Physiology department, visited
Pacific Grove this last week-end.
While there Professor Martin pur
chased a summer home, where he in
tends to spend his vacation.
Professor and Mrs. E. G. Martin and
Professor F. M. Weymouth, both of
the Physiology department, visited
Pacific Grove this last week-end.
While there Professor Martin pur
chased a summer home, where he in
tends to spend his vacation.
