# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
A BOOK OF VERSES
may have suited Omar,
but we'll take some
LP RECORDS
underneath our bough,
please.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
338 University DA 3-5791
A BOOK OF VERSES
may have suited Omar,
but we'll take some
LP RECORDS
underneath our bough,
please.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
338 University DA 3-5791
A BOOK OF VERSES
may have suited Omar,
but we'll take some
LP RECORDS
underneath our bough,
please.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
338 University DA 3-5791
A BOOK OF VERSES
may have suited Omar,
but we'll take some
LP RECORDS
underneath our bough,
please.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
338 University DA 3-5791
A BOOK OF VERSES
may have suited Omar,
but we'll take some
LP RECORDS
underneath our bough,
please.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
338 University DA 3-5791
A BOOK OF VERSES
may have suited Omar,
but we'll take some
LP RECORDS
underneath our bough,
please.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
338 University DA 3-5791
A BOOK OF VERSES
may have suited Omar,
but we'll take some
LP RECORDS
underneath our bough,
please.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
338 University DA 3-5791
A BOOK OF VERSES
may have suited Omar,
but we'll take some
LP RECORDS
underneath our bough,
please.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
338 University DA 3-5791
A BOOK OF VERSES
may have suited Omar,
but we'll take some
LP RECORDS
underneath our bough,
please.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
338 University DA 3-5791
A BOOK OF VERSES
may have suited Omar,
but we'll take some
LP RECORDS
underneath our bough,
please.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
338 University DA 3-5791
A BOOK OF VERSES
may have suited Omar,
but we'll take some
LP RECORDS
underneath our bough,
please.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
338 University DA 3-5791
A BOOK OF VERSES
may have suited Omar,
but we'll take some
LP RECORDS
underneath our bough,
please.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
338 University DA 3-5791
A BOOK OF VERSES
may have suited Omar,
but we'll take some
LP RECORDS
underneath our bough,
please.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
338 University DA 3-5791
A BOOK OF VERSES
may have suited Omar,
but we'll take some
LP RECORDS
underneath our bough,
please.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
338 University DA 3-5791
A BOOK OF VERSES
may have suited Omar,
but we'll take some
LP RECORDS
underneath our bough,
please.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
338 University DA 3-5791
