# FUNDAMENTAL STANDARD
## 
### 
Five positions are open for soph
omores and juniors on the Funda
mental Standard Committee. Try
outs will be held today and tomor
row from 3:15 to 5 p.m. in the Ni
tery downstairs in the Student Un
ion. Interested students who are
unable to come to tryouts at these
hours should contact Dave Engle
hart at DA 3-8G16.
Five positions are open for soph
omores and juniors on the Funda
mental Standard Committee. Try
outs will be held today and tomor
row from 3:15 to 5 p.m. in the Ni
tery downstairs in the Student Un
ion. Interested students who are
unable to come to tryouts at these
hours should contact Dave Engle
hart at DA 3-8G16.
Five positions are open for soph
omores and juniors on the Funda
mental Standard Committee. Try
outs will be held today and tomor
row from 3:15 to 5 p.m. in the Ni
tery downstairs in the Student Un
ion. Interested students who are
unable to come to tryouts at these
hours should contact Dave Engle
hart at DA 3-8G16.
Five positions are open for soph
omores and juniors on the Funda
mental Standard Committee. Try
outs will be held today and tomor
row from 3:15 to 5 p.m. in the Ni
tery downstairs in the Student Un
ion. Interested students who are
unable to come to tryouts at these
hours should contact Dave Engle
hart at DA 3-8G16.
Five positions are open for soph
omores and juniors on the Funda
mental Standard Committee. Try
outs will be held today and tomor
row from 3:15 to 5 p.m. in the Ni
tery downstairs in the Student Un
ion. Interested students who are
unable to come to tryouts at these
hours should contact Dave Engle
hart at DA 3-8G16.
Five positions are open for soph
omores and juniors on the Funda
mental Standard Committee. Try
outs will be held today and tomor
row from 3:15 to 5 p.m. in the Ni
tery downstairs in the Student Un
ion. Interested students who are
unable to come to tryouts at these
hours should contact Dave Engle
hart at DA 3-8G16.
Five positions are open for soph
omores and juniors on the Funda
mental Standard Committee. Try
outs will be held today and tomor
row from 3:15 to 5 p.m. in the Ni
tery downstairs in the Student Un
ion. Interested students who are
unable to come to tryouts at these
hours should contact Dave Engle
hart at DA 3-8G16.
Five positions are open for soph
omores and juniors on the Funda
mental Standard Committee. Try
outs will be held today and tomor
row from 3:15 to 5 p.m. in the Ni
tery downstairs in the Student Un
ion. Interested students who are
unable to come to tryouts at these
hours should contact Dave Engle
hart at DA 3-8G16.
Five positions are open for soph
omores and juniors on the Funda
mental Standard Committee. Try
outs will be held today and tomor
row from 3:15 to 5 p.m. in the Ni
tery downstairs in the Student Un
ion. Interested students who are
unable to come to tryouts at these
hours should contact Dave Engle
hart at DA 3-8G16.
Five positions are open for soph
omores and juniors on the Funda
mental Standard Committee. Try
outs will be held today and tomor
row from 3:15 to 5 p.m. in the Ni
tery downstairs in the Student Un
ion. Interested students who are
unable to come to tryouts at these
hours should contact Dave Engle
hart at DA 3-8G16.
Five positions are open for soph
omores and juniors on the Funda
mental Standard Committee. Try
outs will be held today and tomor
row from 3:15 to 5 p.m. in the Ni
tery downstairs in the Student Un
ion. Interested students who are
unable to come to tryouts at these
hours should contact Dave Engle
hart at DA 3-8G16.
Five positions are open for soph
omores and juniors on the Funda
mental Standard Committee. Try
outs will be held today and tomor
row from 3:15 to 5 p.m. in the Ni
tery downstairs in the Student Un
ion. Interested students who are
unable to come to tryouts at these
hours should contact Dave Engle
hart at DA 3-8G16.
Five positions are open for soph
omores and juniors on the Funda
mental Standard Committee. Try
outs will be held today and tomor
row from 3:15 to 5 p.m. in the Ni
tery downstairs in the Student Un
ion. Interested students who are
unable to come to tryouts at these
hours should contact Dave Engle
hart at DA 3-8G16.
Five positions are open for soph
omores and juniors on the Funda
mental Standard Committee. Try
outs will be held today and tomor
row from 3:15 to 5 p.m. in the Ni
tery downstairs in the Student Un
ion. Interested students who are
unable to come to tryouts at these
hours should contact Dave Engle
hart at DA 3-8G16.
Five positions are open for soph
omores and juniors on the Funda
mental Standard Committee. Try
outs will be held today and tomor
row from 3:15 to 5 p.m. in the Ni
tery downstairs in the Student Un
ion. Interested students who are
unable to come to tryouts at these
hours should contact Dave Engle
hart at DA 3-8G16.
