# Decorations Win Prizes; Can't Jinx Bear
## 
### 

THE WINNERS Phi Sigma Kappa won the sweepstakes prize in the Big Game House Decorations
contest last Saturday (above; photo by Bob Bishop). Lathrop House and Delta Upsilon teamed up
to win the Women's Division (riqht; photo by Herb Smith).


THE WINNERS Phi Sigma Kappa won the sweepstakes prize in the Big Game House Decorations
contest last Saturday (above; photo by Bob Bishop). Lathrop House and Delta Upsilon teamed up
to win the Women's Division (riqht; photo by Herb Smith).


THE WINNERS Phi Sigma Kappa won the sweepstakes prize in the Big Game House Decorations
contest last Saturday (above; photo by Bob Bishop). Lathrop House and Delta Upsilon teamed up
to win the Women's Division (riqht; photo by Herb Smith).


THE WINNERS Phi Sigma Kappa won the sweepstakes prize in the Big Game House Decorations
contest last Saturday (above; photo by Bob Bishop). Lathrop House and Delta Upsilon teamed up
to win the Women's Division (riqht; photo by Herb Smith).


THE WINNERS Phi Sigma Kappa won the sweepstakes prize in the Big Game House Decorations
contest last Saturday (above; photo by Bob Bishop). Lathrop House and Delta Upsilon teamed up
to win the Women's Division (riqht; photo by Herb Smith).


THE WINNERS Phi Sigma Kappa won the sweepstakes prize in the Big Game House Decorations
contest last Saturday (above; photo by Bob Bishop). Lathrop House and Delta Upsilon teamed up
to win the Women's Division (riqht; photo by Herb Smith).


THE WINNERS Phi Sigma Kappa won the sweepstakes prize in the Big Game House Decorations
contest last Saturday (above; photo by Bob Bishop). Lathrop House and Delta Upsilon teamed up
to win the Women's Division (riqht; photo by Herb Smith).


THE WINNERS Phi Sigma Kappa won the sweepstakes prize in the Big Game House Decorations
contest last Saturday (above; photo by Bob Bishop). Lathrop House and Delta Upsilon teamed up
to win the Women's Division (riqht; photo by Herb Smith).


THE WINNERS Phi Sigma Kappa won the sweepstakes prize in the Big Game House Decorations
contest last Saturday (above; photo by Bob Bishop). Lathrop House and Delta Upsilon teamed up
to win the Women's Division (riqht; photo by Herb Smith).


THE WINNERS Phi Sigma Kappa won the sweepstakes prize in the Big Game House Decorations
contest last Saturday (above; photo by Bob Bishop). Lathrop House and Delta Upsilon teamed up
to win the Women's Division (riqht; photo by Herb Smith).


THE WINNERS Phi Sigma Kappa won the sweepstakes prize in the Big Game House Decorations
contest last Saturday (above; photo by Bob Bishop). Lathrop House and Delta Upsilon teamed up
to win the Women's Division (riqht; photo by Herb Smith).


THE WINNERS Phi Sigma Kappa won the sweepstakes prize in the Big Game House Decorations
contest last Saturday (above; photo by Bob Bishop). Lathrop House and Delta Upsilon teamed up
to win the Women's Division (riqht; photo by Herb Smith).


THE WINNERS Phi Sigma Kappa won the sweepstakes prize in the Big Game House Decorations
contest last Saturday (above; photo by Bob Bishop). Lathrop House and Delta Upsilon teamed up
to win the Women's Division (riqht; photo by Herb Smith).


THE WINNERS Phi Sigma Kappa won the sweepstakes prize in the Big Game House Decorations
contest last Saturday (above; photo by Bob Bishop). Lathrop House and Delta Upsilon teamed up
to win the Women's Division (riqht; photo by Herb Smith).


THE WINNERS Phi Sigma Kappa won the sweepstakes prize in the Big Game House Decorations
contest last Saturday (above; photo by Bob Bishop). Lathrop House and Delta Upsilon teamed up
to win the Women's Division (riqht; photo by Herb Smith).

