# Awards Offered Journalism Grads
## 
### 
The Institute for Journalistic
Studies is now receiving applica
tions for graduate scholarships in
journalism for the 1952-53 academic
year. Two fellowships and a schol
arship to be awarded carry stipends
of $1,200, $1,400, and $1,400-$l,BOO.
Requests for additional informa
tion should be addressed to the Di
rector, Institute for Journalistic
Studies, Stanford University. Feb.
15, 1952, is the deadline for formal
applications.
The Institute for Journalistic
Studies is now receiving applica
tions for graduate scholarships in
journalism for the 1952-53 academic
year. Two fellowships and a schol
arship to be awarded carry stipends
of $1,200, $1,400, and $1,400-$l,BOO.
Requests for additional informa
tion should be addressed to the Di
rector, Institute for Journalistic
Studies, Stanford University. Feb.
15, 1952, is the deadline for formal
applications.
The Institute for Journalistic
Studies is now receiving applica
tions for graduate scholarships in
journalism for the 1952-53 academic
year. Two fellowships and a schol
arship to be awarded carry stipends
of $1,200, $1,400, and $1,400-$l,BOO.
Requests for additional informa
tion should be addressed to the Di
rector, Institute for Journalistic
Studies, Stanford University. Feb.
15, 1952, is the deadline for formal
applications.
The Institute for Journalistic
Studies is now receiving applica
tions for graduate scholarships in
journalism for the 1952-53 academic
year. Two fellowships and a schol
arship to be awarded carry stipends
of $1,200, $1,400, and $1,400-$l,BOO.
Requests for additional informa
tion should be addressed to the Di
rector, Institute for Journalistic
Studies, Stanford University. Feb.
15, 1952, is the deadline for formal
applications.
The Institute for Journalistic
Studies is now receiving applica
tions for graduate scholarships in
journalism for the 1952-53 academic
year. Two fellowships and a schol
arship to be awarded carry stipends
of $1,200, $1,400, and $1,400-$l,BOO.
Requests for additional informa
tion should be addressed to the Di
rector, Institute for Journalistic
Studies, Stanford University. Feb.
15, 1952, is the deadline for formal
applications.
The Institute for Journalistic
Studies is now receiving applica
tions for graduate scholarships in
journalism for the 1952-53 academic
year. Two fellowships and a schol
arship to be awarded carry stipends
of $1,200, $1,400, and $1,400-$l,BOO.
Requests for additional informa
tion should be addressed to the Di
rector, Institute for Journalistic
Studies, Stanford University. Feb.
15, 1952, is the deadline for formal
applications.
The Institute for Journalistic
Studies is now receiving applica
tions for graduate scholarships in
journalism for the 1952-53 academic
year. Two fellowships and a schol
arship to be awarded carry stipends
of $1,200, $1,400, and $1,400-$l,BOO.
Requests for additional informa
tion should be addressed to the Di
rector, Institute for Journalistic
Studies, Stanford University. Feb.
15, 1952, is the deadline for formal
applications.
The Institute for Journalistic
Studies is now receiving applica
tions for graduate scholarships in
journalism for the 1952-53 academic
year. Two fellowships and a schol
arship to be awarded carry stipends
of $1,200, $1,400, and $1,400-$l,BOO.
Requests for additional informa
tion should be addressed to the Di
rector, Institute for Journalistic
Studies, Stanford University. Feb.
15, 1952, is the deadline for formal
applications.
The Institute for Journalistic
Studies is now receiving applica
tions for graduate scholarships in
journalism for the 1952-53 academic
year. Two fellowships and a schol
arship to be awarded carry stipends
of $1,200, $1,400, and $1,400-$l,BOO.
Requests for additional informa
tion should be addressed to the Di
rector, Institute for Journalistic
Studies, Stanford University. Feb.
15, 1952, is the deadline for formal
applications.
The Institute for Journalistic
Studies is now receiving applica
tions for graduate scholarships in
journalism for the 1952-53 academic
year. Two fellowships and a schol
arship to be awarded carry stipends
of $1,200, $1,400, and $1,400-$l,BOO.
Requests for additional informa
tion should be addressed to the Di
rector, Institute for Journalistic
Studies, Stanford University. Feb.
15, 1952, is the deadline for formal
applications.
The Institute for Journalistic
Studies is now receiving applica
tions for graduate scholarships in
journalism for the 1952-53 academic
year. Two fellowships and a schol
arship to be awarded carry stipends
of $1,200, $1,400, and $1,400-$l,BOO.
Requests for additional informa
tion should be addressed to the Di
rector, Institute for Journalistic
Studies, Stanford University. Feb.
15, 1952, is the deadline for formal
applications.
The Institute for Journalistic
Studies is now receiving applica
tions for graduate scholarships in
journalism for the 1952-53 academic
year. Two fellowships and a schol
arship to be awarded carry stipends
of $1,200, $1,400, and $1,400-$l,BOO.
Requests for additional informa
tion should be addressed to the Di
rector, Institute for Journalistic
Studies, Stanford University. Feb.
15, 1952, is the deadline for formal
applications.
The Institute for Journalistic
Studies is now receiving applica
tions for graduate scholarships in
journalism for the 1952-53 academic
year. Two fellowships and a schol
arship to be awarded carry stipends
of $1,200, $1,400, and $1,400-$l,BOO.
Requests for additional informa
tion should be addressed to the Di
rector, Institute for Journalistic
Studies, Stanford University. Feb.
15, 1952, is the deadline for formal
applications.
The Institute for Journalistic
Studies is now receiving applica
tions for graduate scholarships in
journalism for the 1952-53 academic
year. Two fellowships and a schol
arship to be awarded carry stipends
of $1,200, $1,400, and $1,400-$l,BOO.
Requests for additional informa
tion should be addressed to the Di
rector, Institute for Journalistic
Studies, Stanford University. Feb.
15, 1952, is the deadline for formal
applications.
The Institute for Journalistic
Studies is now receiving applica
tions for graduate scholarships in
journalism for the 1952-53 academic
year. Two fellowships and a schol
arship to be awarded carry stipends
of $1,200, $1,400, and $1,400-$l,BOO.
Requests for additional informa
tion should be addressed to the Di
rector, Institute for Journalistic
Studies, Stanford University. Feb.
15, 1952, is the deadline for formal
applications.
