# ALL FOOTBALL MANAGERS
## 
### 
should be at the Quad office to
morrow at 3:30 p.m. for Quad pic
ture.
should be at the Quad office to
morrow at 3:30 p.m. for Quad pic
ture.
should be at the Quad office to
morrow at 3:30 p.m. for Quad pic
ture.
should be at the Quad office to
morrow at 3:30 p.m. for Quad pic
ture.
should be at the Quad office to
morrow at 3:30 p.m. for Quad pic
ture.
should be at the Quad office to
morrow at 3:30 p.m. for Quad pic
ture.
should be at the Quad office to
morrow at 3:30 p.m. for Quad pic
ture.
should be at the Quad office to
morrow at 3:30 p.m. for Quad pic
ture.
should be at the Quad office to
morrow at 3:30 p.m. for Quad pic
ture.
should be at the Quad office to
morrow at 3:30 p.m. for Quad pic
ture.
should be at the Quad office to
morrow at 3:30 p.m. for Quad pic
ture.
should be at the Quad office to
morrow at 3:30 p.m. for Quad pic
ture.
should be at the Quad office to
morrow at 3:30 p.m. for Quad pic
ture.
should be at the Quad office to
morrow at 3:30 p.m. for Quad pic
ture.
should be at the Quad office to
morrow at 3:30 p.m. for Quad pic
ture.
