# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Total revenue for the state of
California for the 1941-42 fiscal pe
riod was $448,121,159, more than 15
per cent better than the previous
year.
Total revenue for the state of
California for the 1941-42 fiscal pe
riod was $448,121,159, more than 15
per cent better than the previous
year.
Total revenue for the state of
California for the 1941-42 fiscal pe
riod was $448,121,159, more than 15
per cent better than the previous
year.
Total revenue for the state of
California for the 1941-42 fiscal pe
riod was $448,121,159, more than 15
per cent better than the previous
year.
Total revenue for the state of
California for the 1941-42 fiscal pe
riod was $448,121,159, more than 15
per cent better than the previous
year.
Total revenue for the state of
California for the 1941-42 fiscal pe
riod was $448,121,159, more than 15
per cent better than the previous
year.
Total revenue for the state of
California for the 1941-42 fiscal pe
riod was $448,121,159, more than 15
per cent better than the previous
year.
Total revenue for the state of
California for the 1941-42 fiscal pe
riod was $448,121,159, more than 15
per cent better than the previous
year.
Total revenue for the state of
California for the 1941-42 fiscal pe
riod was $448,121,159, more than 15
per cent better than the previous
year.
Total revenue for the state of
California for the 1941-42 fiscal pe
riod was $448,121,159, more than 15
per cent better than the previous
year.
Total revenue for the state of
California for the 1941-42 fiscal pe
riod was $448,121,159, more than 15
per cent better than the previous
year.
Total revenue for the state of
California for the 1941-42 fiscal pe
riod was $448,121,159, more than 15
per cent better than the previous
year.
Total revenue for the state of
California for the 1941-42 fiscal pe
riod was $448,121,159, more than 15
per cent better than the previous
year.
Total revenue for the state of
California for the 1941-42 fiscal pe
riod was $448,121,159, more than 15
per cent better than the previous
year.
Total revenue for the state of
California for the 1941-42 fiscal pe
riod was $448,121,159, more than 15
per cent better than the previous
year.
Total revenue for the state of
California for the 1941-42 fiscal pe
riod was $448,121,159, more than 15
per cent better than the previous
year.
Total revenue for the state of
California for the 1941-42 fiscal pe
riod was $448,121,159, more than 15
per cent better than the previous
year.
