# Allied Forces Land On Two Jap Islands
## 
### 
ALLIED H.Q., Southwest Pacific,
Oct. 29. — Allied forces landed on
both Mono and Stirling Islands of
the Treasury group southwest of
Bougainville Island Tuesday night
and Wednesday morning in the
opening of the final phase in the
campaign to smash the Japanese
northern Solomon bases, it was an
nounced today.
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's Friday
communique said the Allied occupa
tion forces landed without encoun
tering organized resistance.
Warships of the South Pacific Feet
bombarded the Treasury Islands
heavily before the troops went
ashore. Opposition was described as
minor.
ALLIED H.Q., Southwest Pacific,
Oct. 29. — Allied forces landed on
both Mono and Stirling Islands of
the Treasury group southwest of
Bougainville Island Tuesday night
and Wednesday morning in the
opening of the final phase in the
campaign to smash the Japanese
northern Solomon bases, it was an
nounced today.
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's Friday
communique said the Allied occupa
tion forces landed without encoun
tering organized resistance.
Warships of the South Pacific Feet
bombarded the Treasury Islands
heavily before the troops went
ashore. Opposition was described as
minor.
ALLIED H.Q., Southwest Pacific,
Oct. 29. — Allied forces landed on
both Mono and Stirling Islands of
the Treasury group southwest of
Bougainville Island Tuesday night
and Wednesday morning in the
opening of the final phase in the
campaign to smash the Japanese
northern Solomon bases, it was an
nounced today.
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's Friday
communique said the Allied occupa
tion forces landed without encoun
tering organized resistance.
Warships of the South Pacific Feet
bombarded the Treasury Islands
heavily before the troops went
ashore. Opposition was described as
minor.
ALLIED H.Q., Southwest Pacific,
Oct. 29. — Allied forces landed on
both Mono and Stirling Islands of
the Treasury group southwest of
Bougainville Island Tuesday night
and Wednesday morning in the
opening of the final phase in the
campaign to smash the Japanese
northern Solomon bases, it was an
nounced today.
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's Friday
communique said the Allied occupa
tion forces landed without encoun
tering organized resistance.
Warships of the South Pacific Feet
bombarded the Treasury Islands
heavily before the troops went
ashore. Opposition was described as
minor.
ALLIED H.Q., Southwest Pacific,
Oct. 29. — Allied forces landed on
both Mono and Stirling Islands of
the Treasury group southwest of
Bougainville Island Tuesday night
and Wednesday morning in the
opening of the final phase in the
campaign to smash the Japanese
northern Solomon bases, it was an
nounced today.
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's Friday
communique said the Allied occupa
tion forces landed without encoun
tering organized resistance.
Warships of the South Pacific Feet
bombarded the Treasury Islands
heavily before the troops went
ashore. Opposition was described as
minor.
ALLIED H.Q., Southwest Pacific,
Oct. 29. — Allied forces landed on
both Mono and Stirling Islands of
the Treasury group southwest of
Bougainville Island Tuesday night
and Wednesday morning in the
opening of the final phase in the
campaign to smash the Japanese
northern Solomon bases, it was an
nounced today.
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's Friday
communique said the Allied occupa
tion forces landed without encoun
tering organized resistance.
Warships of the South Pacific Feet
bombarded the Treasury Islands
heavily before the troops went
ashore. Opposition was described as
minor.
ALLIED H.Q., Southwest Pacific,
Oct. 29. — Allied forces landed on
both Mono and Stirling Islands of
the Treasury group southwest of
Bougainville Island Tuesday night
and Wednesday morning in the
opening of the final phase in the
campaign to smash the Japanese
northern Solomon bases, it was an
nounced today.
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's Friday
communique said the Allied occupa
tion forces landed without encoun
tering organized resistance.
Warships of the South Pacific Feet
bombarded the Treasury Islands
heavily before the troops went
ashore. Opposition was described as
minor.
ALLIED H.Q., Southwest Pacific,
Oct. 29. — Allied forces landed on
both Mono and Stirling Islands of
the Treasury group southwest of
Bougainville Island Tuesday night
and Wednesday morning in the
opening of the final phase in the
campaign to smash the Japanese
northern Solomon bases, it was an
nounced today.
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's Friday
communique said the Allied occupa
tion forces landed without encoun
tering organized resistance.
Warships of the South Pacific Feet
bombarded the Treasury Islands
heavily before the troops went
ashore. Opposition was described as
minor.
ALLIED H.Q., Southwest Pacific,
Oct. 29. — Allied forces landed on
both Mono and Stirling Islands of
the Treasury group southwest of
Bougainville Island Tuesday night
and Wednesday morning in the
opening of the final phase in the
campaign to smash the Japanese
northern Solomon bases, it was an
nounced today.
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's Friday
communique said the Allied occupa
tion forces landed without encoun
tering organized resistance.
Warships of the South Pacific Feet
bombarded the Treasury Islands
heavily before the troops went
ashore. Opposition was described as
minor.
ALLIED H.Q., Southwest Pacific,
Oct. 29. — Allied forces landed on
both Mono and Stirling Islands of
the Treasury group southwest of
Bougainville Island Tuesday night
and Wednesday morning in the
opening of the final phase in the
campaign to smash the Japanese
northern Solomon bases, it was an
nounced today.
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's Friday
communique said the Allied occupa
tion forces landed without encoun
tering organized resistance.
Warships of the South Pacific Feet
bombarded the Treasury Islands
heavily before the troops went
ashore. Opposition was described as
minor.
ALLIED H.Q., Southwest Pacific,
Oct. 29. — Allied forces landed on
both Mono and Stirling Islands of
the Treasury group southwest of
Bougainville Island Tuesday night
and Wednesday morning in the
opening of the final phase in the
campaign to smash the Japanese
northern Solomon bases, it was an
nounced today.
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's Friday
communique said the Allied occupa
tion forces landed without encoun
tering organized resistance.
Warships of the South Pacific Feet
bombarded the Treasury Islands
heavily before the troops went
ashore. Opposition was described as
minor.
ALLIED H.Q., Southwest Pacific,
Oct. 29. — Allied forces landed on
both Mono and Stirling Islands of
the Treasury group southwest of
Bougainville Island Tuesday night
and Wednesday morning in the
opening of the final phase in the
campaign to smash the Japanese
northern Solomon bases, it was an
nounced today.
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's Friday
communique said the Allied occupa
tion forces landed without encoun
tering organized resistance.
Warships of the South Pacific Feet
bombarded the Treasury Islands
heavily before the troops went
ashore. Opposition was described as
minor.
ALLIED H.Q., Southwest Pacific,
Oct. 29. — Allied forces landed on
both Mono and Stirling Islands of
the Treasury group southwest of
Bougainville Island Tuesday night
and Wednesday morning in the
opening of the final phase in the
campaign to smash the Japanese
northern Solomon bases, it was an
nounced today.
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's Friday
communique said the Allied occupa
tion forces landed without encoun
tering organized resistance.
Warships of the South Pacific Feet
bombarded the Treasury Islands
heavily before the troops went
ashore. Opposition was described as
minor.
ALLIED H.Q., Southwest Pacific,
Oct. 29. — Allied forces landed on
both Mono and Stirling Islands of
the Treasury group southwest of
Bougainville Island Tuesday night
and Wednesday morning in the
opening of the final phase in the
campaign to smash the Japanese
northern Solomon bases, it was an
nounced today.
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's Friday
communique said the Allied occupa
tion forces landed without encoun
tering organized resistance.
Warships of the South Pacific Feet
bombarded the Treasury Islands
heavily before the troops went
ashore. Opposition was described as
minor.
ALLIED H.Q., Southwest Pacific,
Oct. 29. — Allied forces landed on
both Mono and Stirling Islands of
the Treasury group southwest of
Bougainville Island Tuesday night
and Wednesday morning in the
opening of the final phase in the
campaign to smash the Japanese
northern Solomon bases, it was an
nounced today.
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's Friday
communique said the Allied occupa
tion forces landed without encoun
tering organized resistance.
Warships of the South Pacific Feet
bombarded the Treasury Islands
heavily before the troops went
ashore. Opposition was described as
minor.
ALLIED H.Q., Southwest Pacific,
Oct. 29. — Allied forces landed on
both Mono and Stirling Islands of
the Treasury group southwest of
Bougainville Island Tuesday night
and Wednesday morning in the
opening of the final phase in the
campaign to smash the Japanese
northern Solomon bases, it was an
nounced today.
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's Friday
communique said the Allied occupa
tion forces landed without encoun
tering organized resistance.
Warships of the South Pacific Feet
bombarded the Treasury Islands
heavily before the troops went
ashore. Opposition was described as
minor.
ALLIED H.Q., Southwest Pacific,
Oct. 29. — Allied forces landed on
both Mono and Stirling Islands of
the Treasury group southwest of
Bougainville Island Tuesday night
and Wednesday morning in the
opening of the final phase in the
campaign to smash the Japanese
northern Solomon bases, it was an
nounced today.
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's Friday
communique said the Allied occupa
tion forces landed without encoun
tering organized resistance.
Warships of the South Pacific Feet
bombarded the Treasury Islands
heavily before the troops went
ashore. Opposition was described as
minor.
