# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Some plan by which I lie standard of
class reports by students can be raised
should be devised. At present these
reports vary from accurate, interesting
pieces of work, to formless masses of in
formation presented in a manner which
drive the listeners to despair aud dis
gust. Unfortunately, the majority of
students make up their minds as to the
value of this work from the latter class
of reports, rather than from the average
report. It may be illogical, but it is
the fact that their value on tho whole
is doubted by the students. More crit
icism from the instructor, a greater dis
crimination on his part between the
merits and deuurits of different re
ports, and a more general criticism on
the part of the students might tend to
raise them all to a higher standard, se
curing the best results attainable.
