# DR. MACHLUP ON RADIO
## 
### 
The problem of the supply of gold
will be discussed in the Stanford
University—On the Air program by
Dr. Fritz Machlup, acting professor
of economics, Wednesday evening at
9:30 o'clock over station KPO.
The Board of Athletic Control was
organized in 1917.

Great Britain's six values, com
memorating the centennial of the
postage stamp, show medallion por
traits of Queen Victoria and King
George VI.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, '96, became
president of Stanford in 1916.

Graduate study leading to the de
gree of Master of Education will be
offered at Smith College next year
for the first time.
First of the University Fellowships
was established by the Board of
Trustees in 1917.
The problem of the supply of gold
will be discussed in the Stanford
University—On the Air program by
Dr. Fritz Machlup, acting professor
of economics, Wednesday evening at
9:30 o'clock over station KPO.
The Board of Athletic Control was
organized in 1917.

Great Britain's six values, com
memorating the centennial of the
postage stamp, show medallion por
traits of Queen Victoria and King
George VI.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, '96, became
president of Stanford in 1916.

Graduate study leading to the de
gree of Master of Education will be
offered at Smith College next year
for the first time.
First of the University Fellowships
was established by the Board of
Trustees in 1917.
The problem of the supply of gold
will be discussed in the Stanford
University—On the Air program by
Dr. Fritz Machlup, acting professor
of economics, Wednesday evening at
9:30 o'clock over station KPO.
The Board of Athletic Control was
organized in 1917.

Great Britain's six values, com
memorating the centennial of the
postage stamp, show medallion por
traits of Queen Victoria and King
George VI.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, '96, became
president of Stanford in 1916.

Graduate study leading to the de
gree of Master of Education will be
offered at Smith College next year
for the first time.
First of the University Fellowships
was established by the Board of
Trustees in 1917.
The problem of the supply of gold
will be discussed in the Stanford
University—On the Air program by
Dr. Fritz Machlup, acting professor
of economics, Wednesday evening at
9:30 o'clock over station KPO.
The Board of Athletic Control was
organized in 1917.

Great Britain's six values, com
memorating the centennial of the
postage stamp, show medallion por
traits of Queen Victoria and King
George VI.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, '96, became
president of Stanford in 1916.

Graduate study leading to the de
gree of Master of Education will be
offered at Smith College next year
for the first time.
First of the University Fellowships
was established by the Board of
Trustees in 1917.
The problem of the supply of gold
will be discussed in the Stanford
University—On the Air program by
Dr. Fritz Machlup, acting professor
of economics, Wednesday evening at
9:30 o'clock over station KPO.
The Board of Athletic Control was
organized in 1917.

Great Britain's six values, com
memorating the centennial of the
postage stamp, show medallion por
traits of Queen Victoria and King
George VI.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, '96, became
president of Stanford in 1916.

Graduate study leading to the de
gree of Master of Education will be
offered at Smith College next year
for the first time.
First of the University Fellowships
was established by the Board of
Trustees in 1917.
The problem of the supply of gold
will be discussed in the Stanford
University—On the Air program by
Dr. Fritz Machlup, acting professor
of economics, Wednesday evening at
9:30 o'clock over station KPO.
The Board of Athletic Control was
organized in 1917.

Great Britain's six values, com
memorating the centennial of the
postage stamp, show medallion por
traits of Queen Victoria and King
George VI.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, '96, became
president of Stanford in 1916.

Graduate study leading to the de
gree of Master of Education will be
offered at Smith College next year
for the first time.
First of the University Fellowships
was established by the Board of
Trustees in 1917.
The problem of the supply of gold
will be discussed in the Stanford
University—On the Air program by
Dr. Fritz Machlup, acting professor
of economics, Wednesday evening at
9:30 o'clock over station KPO.
The Board of Athletic Control was
organized in 1917.

Great Britain's six values, com
memorating the centennial of the
postage stamp, show medallion por
traits of Queen Victoria and King
George VI.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, '96, became
president of Stanford in 1916.

Graduate study leading to the de
gree of Master of Education will be
offered at Smith College next year
for the first time.
First of the University Fellowships
was established by the Board of
Trustees in 1917.
The problem of the supply of gold
will be discussed in the Stanford
University—On the Air program by
Dr. Fritz Machlup, acting professor
of economics, Wednesday evening at
9:30 o'clock over station KPO.
The Board of Athletic Control was
organized in 1917.

Great Britain's six values, com
memorating the centennial of the
postage stamp, show medallion por
traits of Queen Victoria and King
George VI.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, '96, became
president of Stanford in 1916.

Graduate study leading to the de
gree of Master of Education will be
offered at Smith College next year
for the first time.
First of the University Fellowships
was established by the Board of
Trustees in 1917.
The problem of the supply of gold
will be discussed in the Stanford
University—On the Air program by
Dr. Fritz Machlup, acting professor
of economics, Wednesday evening at
9:30 o'clock over station KPO.
The Board of Athletic Control was
organized in 1917.

Great Britain's six values, com
memorating the centennial of the
postage stamp, show medallion por
traits of Queen Victoria and King
George VI.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, '96, became
president of Stanford in 1916.

Graduate study leading to the de
gree of Master of Education will be
offered at Smith College next year
for the first time.
First of the University Fellowships
was established by the Board of
Trustees in 1917.
The problem of the supply of gold
will be discussed in the Stanford
University—On the Air program by
Dr. Fritz Machlup, acting professor
of economics, Wednesday evening at
9:30 o'clock over station KPO.
The Board of Athletic Control was
organized in 1917.

Great Britain's six values, com
memorating the centennial of the
postage stamp, show medallion por
traits of Queen Victoria and King
George VI.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, '96, became
president of Stanford in 1916.

Graduate study leading to the de
gree of Master of Education will be
offered at Smith College next year
for the first time.
First of the University Fellowships
was established by the Board of
Trustees in 1917.
The problem of the supply of gold
will be discussed in the Stanford
University—On the Air program by
Dr. Fritz Machlup, acting professor
of economics, Wednesday evening at
9:30 o'clock over station KPO.
The Board of Athletic Control was
organized in 1917.

Great Britain's six values, com
memorating the centennial of the
postage stamp, show medallion por
traits of Queen Victoria and King
George VI.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, '96, became
president of Stanford in 1916.

Graduate study leading to the de
gree of Master of Education will be
offered at Smith College next year
for the first time.
First of the University Fellowships
was established by the Board of
Trustees in 1917.
The problem of the supply of gold
will be discussed in the Stanford
University—On the Air program by
Dr. Fritz Machlup, acting professor
of economics, Wednesday evening at
9:30 o'clock over station KPO.
The Board of Athletic Control was
organized in 1917.

Great Britain's six values, com
memorating the centennial of the
postage stamp, show medallion por
traits of Queen Victoria and King
George VI.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, '96, became
president of Stanford in 1916.

Graduate study leading to the de
gree of Master of Education will be
offered at Smith College next year
for the first time.
First of the University Fellowships
was established by the Board of
Trustees in 1917.
The problem of the supply of gold
will be discussed in the Stanford
University—On the Air program by
Dr. Fritz Machlup, acting professor
of economics, Wednesday evening at
9:30 o'clock over station KPO.
The Board of Athletic Control was
organized in 1917.

Great Britain's six values, com
memorating the centennial of the
postage stamp, show medallion por
traits of Queen Victoria and King
George VI.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, '96, became
president of Stanford in 1916.

Graduate study leading to the de
gree of Master of Education will be
offered at Smith College next year
for the first time.
First of the University Fellowships
was established by the Board of
Trustees in 1917.
The problem of the supply of gold
will be discussed in the Stanford
University—On the Air program by
Dr. Fritz Machlup, acting professor
of economics, Wednesday evening at
9:30 o'clock over station KPO.
The Board of Athletic Control was
organized in 1917.

Great Britain's six values, com
memorating the centennial of the
postage stamp, show medallion por
traits of Queen Victoria and King
George VI.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, '96, became
president of Stanford in 1916.

Graduate study leading to the de
gree of Master of Education will be
offered at Smith College next year
for the first time.
First of the University Fellowships
was established by the Board of
Trustees in 1917.
The problem of the supply of gold
will be discussed in the Stanford
University—On the Air program by
Dr. Fritz Machlup, acting professor
of economics, Wednesday evening at
9:30 o'clock over station KPO.
The Board of Athletic Control was
organized in 1917.

Great Britain's six values, com
memorating the centennial of the
postage stamp, show medallion por
traits of Queen Victoria and King
George VI.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, '96, became
president of Stanford in 1916.

Graduate study leading to the de
gree of Master of Education will be
offered at Smith College next year
for the first time.
First of the University Fellowships
was established by the Board of
Trustees in 1917.
The problem of the supply of gold
will be discussed in the Stanford
University—On the Air program by
Dr. Fritz Machlup, acting professor
of economics, Wednesday evening at
9:30 o'clock over station KPO.
The Board of Athletic Control was
organized in 1917.

Great Britain's six values, com
memorating the centennial of the
postage stamp, show medallion por
traits of Queen Victoria and King
George VI.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, '96, became
president of Stanford in 1916.

Graduate study leading to the de
gree of Master of Education will be
offered at Smith College next year
for the first time.
First of the University Fellowships
was established by the Board of
Trustees in 1917.
The problem of the supply of gold
will be discussed in the Stanford
University—On the Air program by
Dr. Fritz Machlup, acting professor
of economics, Wednesday evening at
9:30 o'clock over station KPO.
The Board of Athletic Control was
organized in 1917.

Great Britain's six values, com
memorating the centennial of the
postage stamp, show medallion por
traits of Queen Victoria and King
George VI.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, '96, became
president of Stanford in 1916.

Graduate study leading to the de
gree of Master of Education will be
offered at Smith College next year
for the first time.
First of the University Fellowships
was established by the Board of
Trustees in 1917.
