# Raucous Play Opens Tonight
## Strickland Presents Comedy of Manners 
### 
"She Stoops to Conquer" opens
tonight at Memorial Theater, with a
star-studded cast of faculty and
students to bring to life all the zip
and noise in Oliver Goldsmith's
famous comedy.
When the curtain goes up at 8:15
o'clock, Young Marlowe and Mrs.
Hardcastle, Tony Lumpkin and Miss
Neville, and all the rowdy gentle
men of the 18th century who hide
beneath a veneer of "culture" will
prance over the stage, and be hood
winked by the practical joke as of
their age.
MARGE BAILEY IN CAST
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will handle one of the
chief comedy roles—that of Mrs.
Hardcastle. The irrepressible Tony
Lumpkin will be played in a rauc
ous, rowdy manner by Bud Cady.
Against the quaint English back
ground of oak rafters, chimney
seats, and winding staircases de
signed by Waldemar Johansen, Di
rector F. Cowles Strickland has
placed his production of the original,
uncut version of the Goldsmith play.
Even the five-act form has been
kept, along with epilogue. The
actors will speak in a reasonable
facsimile of an English accent.
GEORGIAN COSTUMES
Lavish costumes with all the frills
and furbelows of the late Georgian
period have been designed by Helen
Green. The women will wear huge
hats with sweeping plumes, and
towering wigs of horsehair.
Edward Bode will play the role of
Sir Charles Marlowe, and his tavern
loving son who is afraid of respect
able women will be played by Lome
Stanley.
Miss Neville, the romantic niece
of hardbitten Mrs. Hardcastle, will
be played by Betty Ann Higgins.
Cecil Watson has been cast as Mr.
Hardcastle.
SLAPSTICK COMEDY
"She Stoops to Conquer," though
written with all the Latinized Eng
lish of the day of Ben Jonson, can
be just as slapstick as modern cus
tard pie comedies. The Stanford
players will present it that way.
Diggory, the servant, will be played
by Ted Hatlen, and Miss Hardcastle
will be played by Myna Brunton
Hughes.
Completing the cast will be Donna
Goodheart as the maid, E. Clayton
McCarthy as the landlord, and Hu
bert HefTner, Jr., Jack Temple, and
Herbert Williamson as servants.
"She Stoops to Conquer" opens
tonight at Memorial Theater, with a
star-studded cast of faculty and
students to bring to life all the zip
and noise in Oliver Goldsmith's
famous comedy.
When the curtain goes up at 8:15
o'clock, Young Marlowe and Mrs.
Hardcastle, Tony Lumpkin and Miss
Neville, and all the rowdy gentle
men of the 18th century who hide
beneath a veneer of "culture" will
prance over the stage, and be hood
winked by the practical joke as of
their age.
MARGE BAILEY IN CAST
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will handle one of the
chief comedy roles—that of Mrs.
Hardcastle. The irrepressible Tony
Lumpkin will be played in a rauc
ous, rowdy manner by Bud Cady.
Against the quaint English back
ground of oak rafters, chimney
seats, and winding staircases de
signed by Waldemar Johansen, Di
rector F. Cowles Strickland has
placed his production of the original,
uncut version of the Goldsmith play.
Even the five-act form has been
kept, along with epilogue. The
actors will speak in a reasonable
facsimile of an English accent.
GEORGIAN COSTUMES
Lavish costumes with all the frills
and furbelows of the late Georgian
period have been designed by Helen
Green. The women will wear huge
hats with sweeping plumes, and
towering wigs of horsehair.
Edward Bode will play the role of
Sir Charles Marlowe, and his tavern
loving son who is afraid of respect
able women will be played by Lome
Stanley.
Miss Neville, the romantic niece
of hardbitten Mrs. Hardcastle, will
be played by Betty Ann Higgins.
Cecil Watson has been cast as Mr.
Hardcastle.
SLAPSTICK COMEDY
"She Stoops to Conquer," though
written with all the Latinized Eng
lish of the day of Ben Jonson, can
be just as slapstick as modern cus
tard pie comedies. The Stanford
players will present it that way.
Diggory, the servant, will be played
by Ted Hatlen, and Miss Hardcastle
will be played by Myna Brunton
Hughes.
Completing the cast will be Donna
Goodheart as the maid, E. Clayton
McCarthy as the landlord, and Hu
bert HefTner, Jr., Jack Temple, and
Herbert Williamson as servants.
"She Stoops to Conquer" opens
tonight at Memorial Theater, with a
star-studded cast of faculty and
students to bring to life all the zip
and noise in Oliver Goldsmith's
famous comedy.
When the curtain goes up at 8:15
o'clock, Young Marlowe and Mrs.
Hardcastle, Tony Lumpkin and Miss
Neville, and all the rowdy gentle
men of the 18th century who hide
beneath a veneer of "culture" will
prance over the stage, and be hood
winked by the practical joke as of
their age.
MARGE BAILEY IN CAST
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will handle one of the
chief comedy roles—that of Mrs.
Hardcastle. The irrepressible Tony
Lumpkin will be played in a rauc
ous, rowdy manner by Bud Cady.
Against the quaint English back
ground of oak rafters, chimney
seats, and winding staircases de
signed by Waldemar Johansen, Di
rector F. Cowles Strickland has
placed his production of the original,
uncut version of the Goldsmith play.
Even the five-act form has been
kept, along with epilogue. The
actors will speak in a reasonable
facsimile of an English accent.
GEORGIAN COSTUMES
Lavish costumes with all the frills
and furbelows of the late Georgian
period have been designed by Helen
Green. The women will wear huge
hats with sweeping plumes, and
towering wigs of horsehair.
Edward Bode will play the role of
Sir Charles Marlowe, and his tavern
loving son who is afraid of respect
able women will be played by Lome
Stanley.
Miss Neville, the romantic niece
of hardbitten Mrs. Hardcastle, will
be played by Betty Ann Higgins.
Cecil Watson has been cast as Mr.
Hardcastle.
SLAPSTICK COMEDY
"She Stoops to Conquer," though
written with all the Latinized Eng
lish of the day of Ben Jonson, can
be just as slapstick as modern cus
tard pie comedies. The Stanford
players will present it that way.
Diggory, the servant, will be played
by Ted Hatlen, and Miss Hardcastle
will be played by Myna Brunton
Hughes.
Completing the cast will be Donna
Goodheart as the maid, E. Clayton
McCarthy as the landlord, and Hu
bert HefTner, Jr., Jack Temple, and
Herbert Williamson as servants.
"She Stoops to Conquer" opens
tonight at Memorial Theater, with a
star-studded cast of faculty and
students to bring to life all the zip
and noise in Oliver Goldsmith's
famous comedy.
When the curtain goes up at 8:15
o'clock, Young Marlowe and Mrs.
Hardcastle, Tony Lumpkin and Miss
Neville, and all the rowdy gentle
men of the 18th century who hide
beneath a veneer of "culture" will
prance over the stage, and be hood
winked by the practical joke as of
their age.
MARGE BAILEY IN CAST
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will handle one of the
chief comedy roles—that of Mrs.
Hardcastle. The irrepressible Tony
Lumpkin will be played in a rauc
ous, rowdy manner by Bud Cady.
Against the quaint English back
ground of oak rafters, chimney
seats, and winding staircases de
signed by Waldemar Johansen, Di
rector F. Cowles Strickland has
placed his production of the original,
uncut version of the Goldsmith play.
Even the five-act form has been
kept, along with epilogue. The
actors will speak in a reasonable
facsimile of an English accent.
GEORGIAN COSTUMES
Lavish costumes with all the frills
and furbelows of the late Georgian
period have been designed by Helen
Green. The women will wear huge
hats with sweeping plumes, and
towering wigs of horsehair.
Edward Bode will play the role of
Sir Charles Marlowe, and his tavern
loving son who is afraid of respect
able women will be played by Lome
Stanley.
Miss Neville, the romantic niece
of hardbitten Mrs. Hardcastle, will
be played by Betty Ann Higgins.
Cecil Watson has been cast as Mr.
Hardcastle.
SLAPSTICK COMEDY
"She Stoops to Conquer," though
written with all the Latinized Eng
lish of the day of Ben Jonson, can
be just as slapstick as modern cus
tard pie comedies. The Stanford
players will present it that way.
Diggory, the servant, will be played
by Ted Hatlen, and Miss Hardcastle
will be played by Myna Brunton
Hughes.
Completing the cast will be Donna
Goodheart as the maid, E. Clayton
McCarthy as the landlord, and Hu
bert HefTner, Jr., Jack Temple, and
Herbert Williamson as servants.
"She Stoops to Conquer" opens
tonight at Memorial Theater, with a
star-studded cast of faculty and
students to bring to life all the zip
and noise in Oliver Goldsmith's
famous comedy.
When the curtain goes up at 8:15
o'clock, Young Marlowe and Mrs.
Hardcastle, Tony Lumpkin and Miss
Neville, and all the rowdy gentle
men of the 18th century who hide
beneath a veneer of "culture" will
prance over the stage, and be hood
winked by the practical joke as of
their age.
MARGE BAILEY IN CAST
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will handle one of the
chief comedy roles—that of Mrs.
Hardcastle. The irrepressible Tony
Lumpkin will be played in a rauc
ous, rowdy manner by Bud Cady.
Against the quaint English back
ground of oak rafters, chimney
seats, and winding staircases de
signed by Waldemar Johansen, Di
rector F. Cowles Strickland has
placed his production of the original,
uncut version of the Goldsmith play.
Even the five-act form has been
kept, along with epilogue. The
actors will speak in a reasonable
facsimile of an English accent.
GEORGIAN COSTUMES
Lavish costumes with all the frills
and furbelows of the late Georgian
period have been designed by Helen
Green. The women will wear huge
hats with sweeping plumes, and
towering wigs of horsehair.
Edward Bode will play the role of
Sir Charles Marlowe, and his tavern
loving son who is afraid of respect
able women will be played by Lome
Stanley.
Miss Neville, the romantic niece
of hardbitten Mrs. Hardcastle, will
be played by Betty Ann Higgins.
Cecil Watson has been cast as Mr.
Hardcastle.
SLAPSTICK COMEDY
"She Stoops to Conquer," though
written with all the Latinized Eng
lish of the day of Ben Jonson, can
be just as slapstick as modern cus
tard pie comedies. The Stanford
players will present it that way.
Diggory, the servant, will be played
by Ted Hatlen, and Miss Hardcastle
will be played by Myna Brunton
Hughes.
Completing the cast will be Donna
Goodheart as the maid, E. Clayton
McCarthy as the landlord, and Hu
bert HefTner, Jr., Jack Temple, and
Herbert Williamson as servants.
"She Stoops to Conquer" opens
tonight at Memorial Theater, with a
star-studded cast of faculty and
students to bring to life all the zip
and noise in Oliver Goldsmith's
famous comedy.
When the curtain goes up at 8:15
o'clock, Young Marlowe and Mrs.
Hardcastle, Tony Lumpkin and Miss
Neville, and all the rowdy gentle
men of the 18th century who hide
beneath a veneer of "culture" will
prance over the stage, and be hood
winked by the practical joke as of
their age.
MARGE BAILEY IN CAST
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will handle one of the
chief comedy roles—that of Mrs.
Hardcastle. The irrepressible Tony
Lumpkin will be played in a rauc
ous, rowdy manner by Bud Cady.
Against the quaint English back
ground of oak rafters, chimney
seats, and winding staircases de
signed by Waldemar Johansen, Di
rector F. Cowles Strickland has
placed his production of the original,
uncut version of the Goldsmith play.
Even the five-act form has been
kept, along with epilogue. The
actors will speak in a reasonable
facsimile of an English accent.
GEORGIAN COSTUMES
Lavish costumes with all the frills
and furbelows of the late Georgian
period have been designed by Helen
Green. The women will wear huge
hats with sweeping plumes, and
towering wigs of horsehair.
Edward Bode will play the role of
Sir Charles Marlowe, and his tavern
loving son who is afraid of respect
able women will be played by Lome
Stanley.
Miss Neville, the romantic niece
of hardbitten Mrs. Hardcastle, will
be played by Betty Ann Higgins.
Cecil Watson has been cast as Mr.
Hardcastle.
SLAPSTICK COMEDY
"She Stoops to Conquer," though
written with all the Latinized Eng
lish of the day of Ben Jonson, can
be just as slapstick as modern cus
tard pie comedies. The Stanford
players will present it that way.
Diggory, the servant, will be played
by Ted Hatlen, and Miss Hardcastle
will be played by Myna Brunton
Hughes.
Completing the cast will be Donna
Goodheart as the maid, E. Clayton
McCarthy as the landlord, and Hu
bert HefTner, Jr., Jack Temple, and
Herbert Williamson as servants.
"She Stoops to Conquer" opens
tonight at Memorial Theater, with a
star-studded cast of faculty and
students to bring to life all the zip
and noise in Oliver Goldsmith's
famous comedy.
When the curtain goes up at 8:15
o'clock, Young Marlowe and Mrs.
Hardcastle, Tony Lumpkin and Miss
Neville, and all the rowdy gentle
men of the 18th century who hide
beneath a veneer of "culture" will
prance over the stage, and be hood
winked by the practical joke as of
their age.
MARGE BAILEY IN CAST
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will handle one of the
chief comedy roles—that of Mrs.
Hardcastle. The irrepressible Tony
Lumpkin will be played in a rauc
ous, rowdy manner by Bud Cady.
Against the quaint English back
ground of oak rafters, chimney
seats, and winding staircases de
signed by Waldemar Johansen, Di
rector F. Cowles Strickland has
placed his production of the original,
uncut version of the Goldsmith play.
Even the five-act form has been
kept, along with epilogue. The
actors will speak in a reasonable
facsimile of an English accent.
GEORGIAN COSTUMES
Lavish costumes with all the frills
and furbelows of the late Georgian
period have been designed by Helen
Green. The women will wear huge
hats with sweeping plumes, and
towering wigs of horsehair.
Edward Bode will play the role of
Sir Charles Marlowe, and his tavern
loving son who is afraid of respect
able women will be played by Lome
Stanley.
Miss Neville, the romantic niece
of hardbitten Mrs. Hardcastle, will
be played by Betty Ann Higgins.
Cecil Watson has been cast as Mr.
Hardcastle.
SLAPSTICK COMEDY
"She Stoops to Conquer," though
written with all the Latinized Eng
lish of the day of Ben Jonson, can
be just as slapstick as modern cus
tard pie comedies. The Stanford
players will present it that way.
Diggory, the servant, will be played
by Ted Hatlen, and Miss Hardcastle
will be played by Myna Brunton
Hughes.
Completing the cast will be Donna
Goodheart as the maid, E. Clayton
McCarthy as the landlord, and Hu
bert HefTner, Jr., Jack Temple, and
Herbert Williamson as servants.
"She Stoops to Conquer" opens
tonight at Memorial Theater, with a
star-studded cast of faculty and
students to bring to life all the zip
and noise in Oliver Goldsmith's
famous comedy.
When the curtain goes up at 8:15
o'clock, Young Marlowe and Mrs.
Hardcastle, Tony Lumpkin and Miss
Neville, and all the rowdy gentle
men of the 18th century who hide
beneath a veneer of "culture" will
prance over the stage, and be hood
winked by the practical joke as of
their age.
MARGE BAILEY IN CAST
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will handle one of the
chief comedy roles—that of Mrs.
Hardcastle. The irrepressible Tony
Lumpkin will be played in a rauc
ous, rowdy manner by Bud Cady.
Against the quaint English back
ground of oak rafters, chimney
seats, and winding staircases de
signed by Waldemar Johansen, Di
rector F. Cowles Strickland has
placed his production of the original,
uncut version of the Goldsmith play.
Even the five-act form has been
kept, along with epilogue. The
actors will speak in a reasonable
facsimile of an English accent.
GEORGIAN COSTUMES
Lavish costumes with all the frills
and furbelows of the late Georgian
period have been designed by Helen
Green. The women will wear huge
hats with sweeping plumes, and
towering wigs of horsehair.
Edward Bode will play the role of
Sir Charles Marlowe, and his tavern
loving son who is afraid of respect
able women will be played by Lome
Stanley.
Miss Neville, the romantic niece
of hardbitten Mrs. Hardcastle, will
be played by Betty Ann Higgins.
Cecil Watson has been cast as Mr.
Hardcastle.
SLAPSTICK COMEDY
"She Stoops to Conquer," though
written with all the Latinized Eng
lish of the day of Ben Jonson, can
be just as slapstick as modern cus
tard pie comedies. The Stanford
players will present it that way.
Diggory, the servant, will be played
by Ted Hatlen, and Miss Hardcastle
will be played by Myna Brunton
Hughes.
Completing the cast will be Donna
Goodheart as the maid, E. Clayton
McCarthy as the landlord, and Hu
bert HefTner, Jr., Jack Temple, and
Herbert Williamson as servants.
"She Stoops to Conquer" opens
tonight at Memorial Theater, with a
star-studded cast of faculty and
students to bring to life all the zip
and noise in Oliver Goldsmith's
famous comedy.
When the curtain goes up at 8:15
o'clock, Young Marlowe and Mrs.
Hardcastle, Tony Lumpkin and Miss
Neville, and all the rowdy gentle
men of the 18th century who hide
beneath a veneer of "culture" will
prance over the stage, and be hood
winked by the practical joke as of
their age.
MARGE BAILEY IN CAST
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will handle one of the
chief comedy roles—that of Mrs.
Hardcastle. The irrepressible Tony
Lumpkin will be played in a rauc
ous, rowdy manner by Bud Cady.
Against the quaint English back
ground of oak rafters, chimney
seats, and winding staircases de
signed by Waldemar Johansen, Di
rector F. Cowles Strickland has
placed his production of the original,
uncut version of the Goldsmith play.
Even the five-act form has been
kept, along with epilogue. The
actors will speak in a reasonable
facsimile of an English accent.
GEORGIAN COSTUMES
Lavish costumes with all the frills
and furbelows of the late Georgian
period have been designed by Helen
Green. The women will wear huge
hats with sweeping plumes, and
towering wigs of horsehair.
Edward Bode will play the role of
Sir Charles Marlowe, and his tavern
loving son who is afraid of respect
able women will be played by Lome
Stanley.
Miss Neville, the romantic niece
of hardbitten Mrs. Hardcastle, will
be played by Betty Ann Higgins.
Cecil Watson has been cast as Mr.
Hardcastle.
SLAPSTICK COMEDY
"She Stoops to Conquer," though
written with all the Latinized Eng
lish of the day of Ben Jonson, can
be just as slapstick as modern cus
tard pie comedies. The Stanford
players will present it that way.
Diggory, the servant, will be played
by Ted Hatlen, and Miss Hardcastle
will be played by Myna Brunton
Hughes.
Completing the cast will be Donna
Goodheart as the maid, E. Clayton
McCarthy as the landlord, and Hu
bert HefTner, Jr., Jack Temple, and
Herbert Williamson as servants.
"She Stoops to Conquer" opens
tonight at Memorial Theater, with a
star-studded cast of faculty and
students to bring to life all the zip
and noise in Oliver Goldsmith's
famous comedy.
When the curtain goes up at 8:15
o'clock, Young Marlowe and Mrs.
Hardcastle, Tony Lumpkin and Miss
Neville, and all the rowdy gentle
men of the 18th century who hide
beneath a veneer of "culture" will
prance over the stage, and be hood
winked by the practical joke as of
their age.
MARGE BAILEY IN CAST
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will handle one of the
chief comedy roles—that of Mrs.
Hardcastle. The irrepressible Tony
Lumpkin will be played in a rauc
ous, rowdy manner by Bud Cady.
Against the quaint English back
ground of oak rafters, chimney
seats, and winding staircases de
signed by Waldemar Johansen, Di
rector F. Cowles Strickland has
placed his production of the original,
uncut version of the Goldsmith play.
Even the five-act form has been
kept, along with epilogue. The
actors will speak in a reasonable
facsimile of an English accent.
GEORGIAN COSTUMES
Lavish costumes with all the frills
and furbelows of the late Georgian
period have been designed by Helen
Green. The women will wear huge
hats with sweeping plumes, and
towering wigs of horsehair.
Edward Bode will play the role of
Sir Charles Marlowe, and his tavern
loving son who is afraid of respect
able women will be played by Lome
Stanley.
Miss Neville, the romantic niece
of hardbitten Mrs. Hardcastle, will
be played by Betty Ann Higgins.
Cecil Watson has been cast as Mr.
Hardcastle.
SLAPSTICK COMEDY
"She Stoops to Conquer," though
written with all the Latinized Eng
lish of the day of Ben Jonson, can
be just as slapstick as modern cus
tard pie comedies. The Stanford
players will present it that way.
Diggory, the servant, will be played
by Ted Hatlen, and Miss Hardcastle
will be played by Myna Brunton
Hughes.
Completing the cast will be Donna
Goodheart as the maid, E. Clayton
McCarthy as the landlord, and Hu
bert HefTner, Jr., Jack Temple, and
Herbert Williamson as servants.
"She Stoops to Conquer" opens
tonight at Memorial Theater, with a
star-studded cast of faculty and
students to bring to life all the zip
and noise in Oliver Goldsmith's
famous comedy.
When the curtain goes up at 8:15
o'clock, Young Marlowe and Mrs.
Hardcastle, Tony Lumpkin and Miss
Neville, and all the rowdy gentle
men of the 18th century who hide
beneath a veneer of "culture" will
prance over the stage, and be hood
winked by the practical joke as of
their age.
MARGE BAILEY IN CAST
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will handle one of the
chief comedy roles—that of Mrs.
Hardcastle. The irrepressible Tony
Lumpkin will be played in a rauc
ous, rowdy manner by Bud Cady.
Against the quaint English back
ground of oak rafters, chimney
seats, and winding staircases de
signed by Waldemar Johansen, Di
rector F. Cowles Strickland has
placed his production of the original,
uncut version of the Goldsmith play.
Even the five-act form has been
kept, along with epilogue. The
actors will speak in a reasonable
facsimile of an English accent.
GEORGIAN COSTUMES
Lavish costumes with all the frills
and furbelows of the late Georgian
period have been designed by Helen
Green. The women will wear huge
hats with sweeping plumes, and
towering wigs of horsehair.
Edward Bode will play the role of
Sir Charles Marlowe, and his tavern
loving son who is afraid of respect
able women will be played by Lome
Stanley.
Miss Neville, the romantic niece
of hardbitten Mrs. Hardcastle, will
be played by Betty Ann Higgins.
Cecil Watson has been cast as Mr.
Hardcastle.
SLAPSTICK COMEDY
"She Stoops to Conquer," though
written with all the Latinized Eng
lish of the day of Ben Jonson, can
be just as slapstick as modern cus
tard pie comedies. The Stanford
players will present it that way.
Diggory, the servant, will be played
by Ted Hatlen, and Miss Hardcastle
will be played by Myna Brunton
Hughes.
Completing the cast will be Donna
Goodheart as the maid, E. Clayton
McCarthy as the landlord, and Hu
bert HefTner, Jr., Jack Temple, and
Herbert Williamson as servants.
"She Stoops to Conquer" opens
tonight at Memorial Theater, with a
star-studded cast of faculty and
students to bring to life all the zip
and noise in Oliver Goldsmith's
famous comedy.
When the curtain goes up at 8:15
o'clock, Young Marlowe and Mrs.
Hardcastle, Tony Lumpkin and Miss
Neville, and all the rowdy gentle
men of the 18th century who hide
beneath a veneer of "culture" will
prance over the stage, and be hood
winked by the practical joke as of
their age.
MARGE BAILEY IN CAST
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will handle one of the
chief comedy roles—that of Mrs.
Hardcastle. The irrepressible Tony
Lumpkin will be played in a rauc
ous, rowdy manner by Bud Cady.
Against the quaint English back
ground of oak rafters, chimney
seats, and winding staircases de
signed by Waldemar Johansen, Di
rector F. Cowles Strickland has
placed his production of the original,
uncut version of the Goldsmith play.
Even the five-act form has been
kept, along with epilogue. The
actors will speak in a reasonable
facsimile of an English accent.
GEORGIAN COSTUMES
Lavish costumes with all the frills
and furbelows of the late Georgian
period have been designed by Helen
Green. The women will wear huge
hats with sweeping plumes, and
towering wigs of horsehair.
Edward Bode will play the role of
Sir Charles Marlowe, and his tavern
loving son who is afraid of respect
able women will be played by Lome
Stanley.
Miss Neville, the romantic niece
of hardbitten Mrs. Hardcastle, will
be played by Betty Ann Higgins.
Cecil Watson has been cast as Mr.
Hardcastle.
SLAPSTICK COMEDY
"She Stoops to Conquer," though
written with all the Latinized Eng
lish of the day of Ben Jonson, can
be just as slapstick as modern cus
tard pie comedies. The Stanford
players will present it that way.
Diggory, the servant, will be played
by Ted Hatlen, and Miss Hardcastle
will be played by Myna Brunton
Hughes.
Completing the cast will be Donna
Goodheart as the maid, E. Clayton
McCarthy as the landlord, and Hu
bert HefTner, Jr., Jack Temple, and
Herbert Williamson as servants.
"She Stoops to Conquer" opens
tonight at Memorial Theater, with a
star-studded cast of faculty and
students to bring to life all the zip
and noise in Oliver Goldsmith's
famous comedy.
When the curtain goes up at 8:15
o'clock, Young Marlowe and Mrs.
Hardcastle, Tony Lumpkin and Miss
Neville, and all the rowdy gentle
men of the 18th century who hide
beneath a veneer of "culture" will
prance over the stage, and be hood
winked by the practical joke as of
their age.
MARGE BAILEY IN CAST
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will handle one of the
chief comedy roles—that of Mrs.
Hardcastle. The irrepressible Tony
Lumpkin will be played in a rauc
ous, rowdy manner by Bud Cady.
Against the quaint English back
ground of oak rafters, chimney
seats, and winding staircases de
signed by Waldemar Johansen, Di
rector F. Cowles Strickland has
placed his production of the original,
uncut version of the Goldsmith play.
Even the five-act form has been
kept, along with epilogue. The
actors will speak in a reasonable
facsimile of an English accent.
GEORGIAN COSTUMES
Lavish costumes with all the frills
and furbelows of the late Georgian
period have been designed by Helen
Green. The women will wear huge
hats with sweeping plumes, and
towering wigs of horsehair.
Edward Bode will play the role of
Sir Charles Marlowe, and his tavern
loving son who is afraid of respect
able women will be played by Lome
Stanley.
Miss Neville, the romantic niece
of hardbitten Mrs. Hardcastle, will
be played by Betty Ann Higgins.
Cecil Watson has been cast as Mr.
Hardcastle.
SLAPSTICK COMEDY
"She Stoops to Conquer," though
written with all the Latinized Eng
lish of the day of Ben Jonson, can
be just as slapstick as modern cus
tard pie comedies. The Stanford
players will present it that way.
Diggory, the servant, will be played
by Ted Hatlen, and Miss Hardcastle
will be played by Myna Brunton
Hughes.
Completing the cast will be Donna
Goodheart as the maid, E. Clayton
McCarthy as the landlord, and Hu
bert HefTner, Jr., Jack Temple, and
Herbert Williamson as servants.
"She Stoops to Conquer" opens
tonight at Memorial Theater, with a
star-studded cast of faculty and
students to bring to life all the zip
and noise in Oliver Goldsmith's
famous comedy.
When the curtain goes up at 8:15
o'clock, Young Marlowe and Mrs.
Hardcastle, Tony Lumpkin and Miss
Neville, and all the rowdy gentle
men of the 18th century who hide
beneath a veneer of "culture" will
prance over the stage, and be hood
winked by the practical joke as of
their age.
MARGE BAILEY IN CAST
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will handle one of the
chief comedy roles—that of Mrs.
Hardcastle. The irrepressible Tony
Lumpkin will be played in a rauc
ous, rowdy manner by Bud Cady.
Against the quaint English back
ground of oak rafters, chimney
seats, and winding staircases de
signed by Waldemar Johansen, Di
rector F. Cowles Strickland has
placed his production of the original,
uncut version of the Goldsmith play.
Even the five-act form has been
kept, along with epilogue. The
actors will speak in a reasonable
facsimile of an English accent.
GEORGIAN COSTUMES
Lavish costumes with all the frills
and furbelows of the late Georgian
period have been designed by Helen
Green. The women will wear huge
hats with sweeping plumes, and
towering wigs of horsehair.
Edward Bode will play the role of
Sir Charles Marlowe, and his tavern
loving son who is afraid of respect
able women will be played by Lome
Stanley.
Miss Neville, the romantic niece
of hardbitten Mrs. Hardcastle, will
be played by Betty Ann Higgins.
Cecil Watson has been cast as Mr.
Hardcastle.
SLAPSTICK COMEDY
"She Stoops to Conquer," though
written with all the Latinized Eng
lish of the day of Ben Jonson, can
be just as slapstick as modern cus
tard pie comedies. The Stanford
players will present it that way.
Diggory, the servant, will be played
by Ted Hatlen, and Miss Hardcastle
will be played by Myna Brunton
Hughes.
Completing the cast will be Donna
Goodheart as the maid, E. Clayton
McCarthy as the landlord, and Hu
bert HefTner, Jr., Jack Temple, and
Herbert Williamson as servants.
"She Stoops to Conquer" opens
tonight at Memorial Theater, with a
star-studded cast of faculty and
students to bring to life all the zip
and noise in Oliver Goldsmith's
famous comedy.
When the curtain goes up at 8:15
o'clock, Young Marlowe and Mrs.
Hardcastle, Tony Lumpkin and Miss
Neville, and all the rowdy gentle
men of the 18th century who hide
beneath a veneer of "culture" will
prance over the stage, and be hood
winked by the practical joke as of
their age.
MARGE BAILEY IN CAST
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will handle one of the
chief comedy roles—that of Mrs.
Hardcastle. The irrepressible Tony
Lumpkin will be played in a rauc
ous, rowdy manner by Bud Cady.
Against the quaint English back
ground of oak rafters, chimney
seats, and winding staircases de
signed by Waldemar Johansen, Di
rector F. Cowles Strickland has
placed his production of the original,
uncut version of the Goldsmith play.
Even the five-act form has been
kept, along with epilogue. The
actors will speak in a reasonable
facsimile of an English accent.
GEORGIAN COSTUMES
Lavish costumes with all the frills
and furbelows of the late Georgian
period have been designed by Helen
Green. The women will wear huge
hats with sweeping plumes, and
towering wigs of horsehair.
Edward Bode will play the role of
Sir Charles Marlowe, and his tavern
loving son who is afraid of respect
able women will be played by Lome
Stanley.
Miss Neville, the romantic niece
of hardbitten Mrs. Hardcastle, will
be played by Betty Ann Higgins.
Cecil Watson has been cast as Mr.
Hardcastle.
SLAPSTICK COMEDY
"She Stoops to Conquer," though
written with all the Latinized Eng
lish of the day of Ben Jonson, can
be just as slapstick as modern cus
tard pie comedies. The Stanford
players will present it that way.
Diggory, the servant, will be played
by Ted Hatlen, and Miss Hardcastle
will be played by Myna Brunton
Hughes.
Completing the cast will be Donna
Goodheart as the maid, E. Clayton
McCarthy as the landlord, and Hu
bert HefTner, Jr., Jack Temple, and
Herbert Williamson as servants.
"She Stoops to Conquer" opens
tonight at Memorial Theater, with a
star-studded cast of faculty and
students to bring to life all the zip
and noise in Oliver Goldsmith's
famous comedy.
When the curtain goes up at 8:15
o'clock, Young Marlowe and Mrs.
Hardcastle, Tony Lumpkin and Miss
Neville, and all the rowdy gentle
men of the 18th century who hide
beneath a veneer of "culture" will
prance over the stage, and be hood
winked by the practical joke as of
their age.
MARGE BAILEY IN CAST
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will handle one of the
chief comedy roles—that of Mrs.
Hardcastle. The irrepressible Tony
Lumpkin will be played in a rauc
ous, rowdy manner by Bud Cady.
Against the quaint English back
ground of oak rafters, chimney
seats, and winding staircases de
signed by Waldemar Johansen, Di
rector F. Cowles Strickland has
placed his production of the original,
uncut version of the Goldsmith play.
Even the five-act form has been
kept, along with epilogue. The
actors will speak in a reasonable
facsimile of an English accent.
GEORGIAN COSTUMES
Lavish costumes with all the frills
and furbelows of the late Georgian
period have been designed by Helen
Green. The women will wear huge
hats with sweeping plumes, and
towering wigs of horsehair.
Edward Bode will play the role of
Sir Charles Marlowe, and his tavern
loving son who is afraid of respect
able women will be played by Lome
Stanley.
Miss Neville, the romantic niece
of hardbitten Mrs. Hardcastle, will
be played by Betty Ann Higgins.
Cecil Watson has been cast as Mr.
Hardcastle.
SLAPSTICK COMEDY
"She Stoops to Conquer," though
written with all the Latinized Eng
lish of the day of Ben Jonson, can
be just as slapstick as modern cus
tard pie comedies. The Stanford
players will present it that way.
Diggory, the servant, will be played
by Ted Hatlen, and Miss Hardcastle
will be played by Myna Brunton
Hughes.
Completing the cast will be Donna
Goodheart as the maid, E. Clayton
McCarthy as the landlord, and Hu
bert HefTner, Jr., Jack Temple, and
Herbert Williamson as servants.
"She Stoops to Conquer" opens
tonight at Memorial Theater, with a
star-studded cast of faculty and
students to bring to life all the zip
and noise in Oliver Goldsmith's
famous comedy.
When the curtain goes up at 8:15
o'clock, Young Marlowe and Mrs.
Hardcastle, Tony Lumpkin and Miss
Neville, and all the rowdy gentle
men of the 18th century who hide
beneath a veneer of "culture" will
prance over the stage, and be hood
winked by the practical joke as of
their age.
MARGE BAILEY IN CAST
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will handle one of the
chief comedy roles—that of Mrs.
Hardcastle. The irrepressible Tony
Lumpkin will be played in a rauc
ous, rowdy manner by Bud Cady.
Against the quaint English back
ground of oak rafters, chimney
seats, and winding staircases de
signed by Waldemar Johansen, Di
rector F. Cowles Strickland has
placed his production of the original,
uncut version of the Goldsmith play.
Even the five-act form has been
kept, along with epilogue. The
actors will speak in a reasonable
facsimile of an English accent.
GEORGIAN COSTUMES
Lavish costumes with all the frills
and furbelows of the late Georgian
period have been designed by Helen
Green. The women will wear huge
hats with sweeping plumes, and
towering wigs of horsehair.
Edward Bode will play the role of
Sir Charles Marlowe, and his tavern
loving son who is afraid of respect
able women will be played by Lome
Stanley.
Miss Neville, the romantic niece
of hardbitten Mrs. Hardcastle, will
be played by Betty Ann Higgins.
Cecil Watson has been cast as Mr.
Hardcastle.
SLAPSTICK COMEDY
"She Stoops to Conquer," though
written with all the Latinized Eng
lish of the day of Ben Jonson, can
be just as slapstick as modern cus
tard pie comedies. The Stanford
players will present it that way.
Diggory, the servant, will be played
by Ted Hatlen, and Miss Hardcastle
will be played by Myna Brunton
Hughes.
Completing the cast will be Donna
Goodheart as the maid, E. Clayton
McCarthy as the landlord, and Hu
bert HefTner, Jr., Jack Temple, and
Herbert Williamson as servants.
