# Stanford Engineer Writes Biography
## 
### 
Publication of "Coronado's Quest:
Tlie Discovery of the Southwestern
States," by A. Grove Day, Stanford
research assistant in civil engineer
ing, will mark the celebration of the
Coronado Cuarto Centennial this
summer throughout the Southwest.
This biography is the first book
length treatment of Francisco Vas
quez Coronado, whose great expedi
tion entered the present United
States exactly 400 years ago this
month.
Publication of "Coronado's Quest:
Tlie Discovery of the Southwestern
States," by A. Grove Day, Stanford
research assistant in civil engineer
ing, will mark the celebration of the
Coronado Cuarto Centennial this
summer throughout the Southwest.
This biography is the first book
length treatment of Francisco Vas
quez Coronado, whose great expedi
tion entered the present United
States exactly 400 years ago this
month.
Publication of "Coronado's Quest:
Tlie Discovery of the Southwestern
States," by A. Grove Day, Stanford
research assistant in civil engineer
ing, will mark the celebration of the
Coronado Cuarto Centennial this
summer throughout the Southwest.
This biography is the first book
length treatment of Francisco Vas
quez Coronado, whose great expedi
tion entered the present United
States exactly 400 years ago this
month.
Publication of "Coronado's Quest:
Tlie Discovery of the Southwestern
States," by A. Grove Day, Stanford
research assistant in civil engineer
ing, will mark the celebration of the
Coronado Cuarto Centennial this
summer throughout the Southwest.
This biography is the first book
length treatment of Francisco Vas
quez Coronado, whose great expedi
tion entered the present United
States exactly 400 years ago this
month.
Publication of "Coronado's Quest:
Tlie Discovery of the Southwestern
States," by A. Grove Day, Stanford
research assistant in civil engineer
ing, will mark the celebration of the
Coronado Cuarto Centennial this
summer throughout the Southwest.
This biography is the first book
length treatment of Francisco Vas
quez Coronado, whose great expedi
tion entered the present United
States exactly 400 years ago this
month.
Publication of "Coronado's Quest:
Tlie Discovery of the Southwestern
States," by A. Grove Day, Stanford
research assistant in civil engineer
ing, will mark the celebration of the
Coronado Cuarto Centennial this
summer throughout the Southwest.
This biography is the first book
length treatment of Francisco Vas
quez Coronado, whose great expedi
tion entered the present United
States exactly 400 years ago this
month.
Publication of "Coronado's Quest:
Tlie Discovery of the Southwestern
States," by A. Grove Day, Stanford
research assistant in civil engineer
ing, will mark the celebration of the
Coronado Cuarto Centennial this
summer throughout the Southwest.
This biography is the first book
length treatment of Francisco Vas
quez Coronado, whose great expedi
tion entered the present United
States exactly 400 years ago this
month.
Publication of "Coronado's Quest:
Tlie Discovery of the Southwestern
States," by A. Grove Day, Stanford
research assistant in civil engineer
ing, will mark the celebration of the
Coronado Cuarto Centennial this
summer throughout the Southwest.
This biography is the first book
length treatment of Francisco Vas
quez Coronado, whose great expedi
tion entered the present United
States exactly 400 years ago this
month.
Publication of "Coronado's Quest:
Tlie Discovery of the Southwestern
States," by A. Grove Day, Stanford
research assistant in civil engineer
ing, will mark the celebration of the
Coronado Cuarto Centennial this
summer throughout the Southwest.
This biography is the first book
length treatment of Francisco Vas
quez Coronado, whose great expedi
tion entered the present United
States exactly 400 years ago this
month.
Publication of "Coronado's Quest:
Tlie Discovery of the Southwestern
States," by A. Grove Day, Stanford
research assistant in civil engineer
ing, will mark the celebration of the
Coronado Cuarto Centennial this
summer throughout the Southwest.
This biography is the first book
length treatment of Francisco Vas
quez Coronado, whose great expedi
tion entered the present United
States exactly 400 years ago this
month.
Publication of "Coronado's Quest:
Tlie Discovery of the Southwestern
States," by A. Grove Day, Stanford
research assistant in civil engineer
ing, will mark the celebration of the
Coronado Cuarto Centennial this
summer throughout the Southwest.
This biography is the first book
length treatment of Francisco Vas
quez Coronado, whose great expedi
tion entered the present United
States exactly 400 years ago this
month.
Publication of "Coronado's Quest:
Tlie Discovery of the Southwestern
States," by A. Grove Day, Stanford
research assistant in civil engineer
ing, will mark the celebration of the
Coronado Cuarto Centennial this
summer throughout the Southwest.
This biography is the first book
length treatment of Francisco Vas
quez Coronado, whose great expedi
tion entered the present United
States exactly 400 years ago this
month.
Publication of "Coronado's Quest:
Tlie Discovery of the Southwestern
States," by A. Grove Day, Stanford
research assistant in civil engineer
ing, will mark the celebration of the
Coronado Cuarto Centennial this
summer throughout the Southwest.
This biography is the first book
length treatment of Francisco Vas
quez Coronado, whose great expedi
tion entered the present United
States exactly 400 years ago this
month.
Publication of "Coronado's Quest:
Tlie Discovery of the Southwestern
States," by A. Grove Day, Stanford
research assistant in civil engineer
ing, will mark the celebration of the
Coronado Cuarto Centennial this
summer throughout the Southwest.
This biography is the first book
length treatment of Francisco Vas
quez Coronado, whose great expedi
tion entered the present United
States exactly 400 years ago this
month.
Publication of "Coronado's Quest:
Tlie Discovery of the Southwestern
States," by A. Grove Day, Stanford
research assistant in civil engineer
ing, will mark the celebration of the
Coronado Cuarto Centennial this
summer throughout the Southwest.
This biography is the first book
length treatment of Francisco Vas
quez Coronado, whose great expedi
tion entered the present United
States exactly 400 years ago this
month.
Publication of "Coronado's Quest:
Tlie Discovery of the Southwestern
States," by A. Grove Day, Stanford
research assistant in civil engineer
ing, will mark the celebration of the
Coronado Cuarto Centennial this
summer throughout the Southwest.
This biography is the first book
length treatment of Francisco Vas
quez Coronado, whose great expedi
tion entered the present United
States exactly 400 years ago this
month.
Publication of "Coronado's Quest:
Tlie Discovery of the Southwestern
States," by A. Grove Day, Stanford
research assistant in civil engineer
ing, will mark the celebration of the
Coronado Cuarto Centennial this
summer throughout the Southwest.
This biography is the first book
length treatment of Francisco Vas
quez Coronado, whose great expedi
tion entered the present United
States exactly 400 years ago this
month.
