# Untitled Article
## 
### 
That both Stanford elevens
should have returned victorious
from their holiday trips was as
much to be expected as that their
deportment while away should re
flect individual and collegiate dig
nity. Both expectations were real
ized, and the University may now
settle down for the pre-holiday
grind with the consciousness of a
Thanksgiving well spent all around.
The Utah trip in particular must
be a source of satisfaction. It
marks the farthest East Stanford
has yet ventured, and was doubly
significant as being perhaps a fore
runner of longer journeys in the
future. And the game itself was
worth while, even from a Utah
standpoint. Their achievement in
wresting two touchdowns from so
manifestly superior opponents will
long be pleasantly remembered by
the Salt Lake players. In a mis
sionary way, also, the trip should
be productive of good, for an inva
sion of alien territory by a glee
club or an athletic team is reason
ably sure to produce results; pro
vided, of course, the representatives
are of the right sort, â€”which the
members of the football elevens
have most decidedly proven them
selves.
