# PRESIDENT JORDAN TO GO EAST.
## Starting Before Holidays, He Will Probably Visit Atlantic Seaboard While Away. 
### 
Dr. Jordan will start for the
East shortly before vacation. He
will lecture in St. Paul at the con
vention of the Teachers' Associa
tion of Minnesota, and at St. Louis
before the Teachers' Association of
Missouri. He will probably visit
Washington, D. C., Chicago, and
several of the Eastern universities
before returning to the Coast. The
details of the trip and many of the
dates for lectures have not yet been
arranged.
Dr. Jordan will start for the
East shortly before vacation. He
will lecture in St. Paul at the con
vention of the Teachers' Associa
tion of Minnesota, and at St. Louis
before the Teachers' Association of
Missouri. He will probably visit
Washington, D. C., Chicago, and
several of the Eastern universities
before returning to the Coast. The
details of the trip and many of the
dates for lectures have not yet been
arranged.
Dr. Jordan will start for the
East shortly before vacation. He
will lecture in St. Paul at the con
vention of the Teachers' Associa
tion of Minnesota, and at St. Louis
before the Teachers' Association of
Missouri. He will probably visit
Washington, D. C., Chicago, and
several of the Eastern universities
before returning to the Coast. The
details of the trip and many of the
dates for lectures have not yet been
arranged.
Dr. Jordan will start for the
East shortly before vacation. He
will lecture in St. Paul at the con
vention of the Teachers' Associa
tion of Minnesota, and at St. Louis
before the Teachers' Association of
Missouri. He will probably visit
Washington, D. C., Chicago, and
several of the Eastern universities
before returning to the Coast. The
details of the trip and many of the
dates for lectures have not yet been
arranged.
Dr. Jordan will start for the
East shortly before vacation. He
will lecture in St. Paul at the con
vention of the Teachers' Associa
tion of Minnesota, and at St. Louis
before the Teachers' Association of
Missouri. He will probably visit
Washington, D. C., Chicago, and
several of the Eastern universities
before returning to the Coast. The
details of the trip and many of the
dates for lectures have not yet been
arranged.
Dr. Jordan will start for the
East shortly before vacation. He
will lecture in St. Paul at the con
vention of the Teachers' Associa
tion of Minnesota, and at St. Louis
before the Teachers' Association of
Missouri. He will probably visit
Washington, D. C., Chicago, and
several of the Eastern universities
before returning to the Coast. The
details of the trip and many of the
dates for lectures have not yet been
arranged.
Dr. Jordan will start for the
East shortly before vacation. He
will lecture in St. Paul at the con
vention of the Teachers' Associa
tion of Minnesota, and at St. Louis
before the Teachers' Association of
Missouri. He will probably visit
Washington, D. C., Chicago, and
several of the Eastern universities
before returning to the Coast. The
details of the trip and many of the
dates for lectures have not yet been
arranged.
Dr. Jordan will start for the
East shortly before vacation. He
will lecture in St. Paul at the con
vention of the Teachers' Associa
tion of Minnesota, and at St. Louis
before the Teachers' Association of
Missouri. He will probably visit
Washington, D. C., Chicago, and
several of the Eastern universities
before returning to the Coast. The
details of the trip and many of the
dates for lectures have not yet been
arranged.
