# California Downs the Indians.
## 
### 
A crowd of seven thousand
people witnessed, perhaps, the hard
est game of the season at Los
Angeles on Thanksgiving Day, in
which the California Varsity de
feated the Perris Indians by the
score of 29 to 12. Phil Wilson, '98,
umpire, had a difficult proposition,
as there were a number of mix-ups
which verged on free-fights. Over
all for California, and Peiree for
the Indians, played the star games.
Locomotive Smith officiated as half
back and fullback for the State
University team.
A crowd of seven thousand
people witnessed, perhaps, the hard
est game of the season at Los
Angeles on Thanksgiving Day, in
which the California Varsity de
feated the Perris Indians by the
score of 29 to 12. Phil Wilson, '98,
umpire, had a difficult proposition,
as there were a number of mix-ups
which verged on free-fights. Over
all for California, and Peiree for
the Indians, played the star games.
Locomotive Smith officiated as half
back and fullback for the State
University team.
A crowd of seven thousand
people witnessed, perhaps, the hard
est game of the season at Los
Angeles on Thanksgiving Day, in
which the California Varsity de
feated the Perris Indians by the
score of 29 to 12. Phil Wilson, '98,
umpire, had a difficult proposition,
as there were a number of mix-ups
which verged on free-fights. Over
all for California, and Peiree for
the Indians, played the star games.
Locomotive Smith officiated as half
back and fullback for the State
University team.
A crowd of seven thousand
people witnessed, perhaps, the hard
est game of the season at Los
Angeles on Thanksgiving Day, in
which the California Varsity de
feated the Perris Indians by the
score of 29 to 12. Phil Wilson, '98,
umpire, had a difficult proposition,
as there were a number of mix-ups
which verged on free-fights. Over
all for California, and Peiree for
the Indians, played the star games.
Locomotive Smith officiated as half
back and fullback for the State
University team.
A crowd of seven thousand
people witnessed, perhaps, the hard
est game of the season at Los
Angeles on Thanksgiving Day, in
which the California Varsity de
feated the Perris Indians by the
score of 29 to 12. Phil Wilson, '98,
umpire, had a difficult proposition,
as there were a number of mix-ups
which verged on free-fights. Over
all for California, and Peiree for
the Indians, played the star games.
Locomotive Smith officiated as half
back and fullback for the State
University team.
A crowd of seven thousand
people witnessed, perhaps, the hard
est game of the season at Los
Angeles on Thanksgiving Day, in
which the California Varsity de
feated the Perris Indians by the
score of 29 to 12. Phil Wilson, '98,
umpire, had a difficult proposition,
as there were a number of mix-ups
which verged on free-fights. Over
all for California, and Peiree for
the Indians, played the star games.
Locomotive Smith officiated as half
back and fullback for the State
University team.
A crowd of seven thousand
people witnessed, perhaps, the hard
est game of the season at Los
Angeles on Thanksgiving Day, in
which the California Varsity de
feated the Perris Indians by the
score of 29 to 12. Phil Wilson, '98,
umpire, had a difficult proposition,
as there were a number of mix-ups
which verged on free-fights. Over
all for California, and Peiree for
the Indians, played the star games.
Locomotive Smith officiated as half
back and fullback for the State
University team.
A crowd of seven thousand
people witnessed, perhaps, the hard
est game of the season at Los
Angeles on Thanksgiving Day, in
which the California Varsity de
feated the Perris Indians by the
score of 29 to 12. Phil Wilson, '98,
umpire, had a difficult proposition,
as there were a number of mix-ups
which verged on free-fights. Over
all for California, and Peiree for
the Indians, played the star games.
Locomotive Smith officiated as half
back and fullback for the State
University team.
