# TEETH IN CURFEW
## 
### 
Del Baker fines a Detroit Tiger
who violates the midnight curfew
$100.
Del Baker fines a Detroit Tiger
who violates the midnight curfew
$100.
Del Baker fines a Detroit Tiger
who violates the midnight curfew
$100.
Del Baker fines a Detroit Tiger
who violates the midnight curfew
$100.
Del Baker fines a Detroit Tiger
who violates the midnight curfew
$100.
Del Baker fines a Detroit Tiger
who violates the midnight curfew
$100.
Del Baker fines a Detroit Tiger
who violates the midnight curfew
$100.
Del Baker fines a Detroit Tiger
who violates the midnight curfew
$100.
Del Baker fines a Detroit Tiger
who violates the midnight curfew
$100.
Del Baker fines a Detroit Tiger
who violates the midnight curfew
$100.
Del Baker fines a Detroit Tiger
who violates the midnight curfew
$100.
Del Baker fines a Detroit Tiger
who violates the midnight curfew
$100.
Del Baker fines a Detroit Tiger
who violates the midnight curfew
$100.
Del Baker fines a Detroit Tiger
who violates the midnight curfew
$100.
Del Baker fines a Detroit Tiger
who violates the midnight curfew
$100.
Del Baker fines a Detroit Tiger
who violates the midnight curfew
$100.
Del Baker fines a Detroit Tiger
who violates the midnight curfew
$100.
Del Baker fines a Detroit Tiger
who violates the midnight curfew
$100.
