# Russ Army Turns Back Nazi Tanks
## Timoshenko's Troops Snuff Out Invaders Along 20-mile Front 
### 
MOSCOW, Thurs., May 21 (UP).
— Marshall Semyon Timoshenko's
Red Army of the Ukraine is grind
ing up masses of German tanks
struggling in vain to check its drive
on Kharkov and is storming cease
lessly westward on a broad arc
around the vital Ukrainian base, it
was announced officially today.

Holding fast against a threat to his
left flank 75 miles southeast of
Kharkov, Timoshenko's men snuffed
out several German attacks on a
20-mile front in the region of
Izyum and Barvenkova, a late com
munique of the Soviet high command
reported.
(Dispatches reaching London said
the fighting in the Ukraine had
erupted on a new front with the Red
Army launching an olTensive in
force around Taganrog on the Sea
of Azov.)
TURN BACK ATTACKS
"Our troops fighting toward Khar
kov waged offensive battles, re
pulsed enemy panzer attacks and
advanced," the high command an
nounced. "In the region of Izyum
and Barvenkova, our troops re
pulsed several enemy attacks."
Earlier unofficial Soviet reports
from the Ukraine said an increas
ingly powerful Red army offensive
was wiping out or turning back in
shattered confusion seemingly end
less columns of German tanks and
big fleets of enemy planes.
FIGHTING ON KERCH
The late communique said fighting
still raged on the Kerch Peninsula,
where the Soviet radio said the Red
army had been reinforced in prepa
ration for "new and heavy battles"
about to begin in defense of the
Crimean short-cut to the Caucasus.
Twenty-seven German planes
were reported destroyed over the
Russian front Tuesday, while the
loss of 12 by the Red air force was
acknowledged officially. Three Ger
man transports aggregating 26,000
tons were sent to the bottom of the
Barents Sea on Monday.
MOSCOW, Thurs., May 21 (UP).
— Marshall Semyon Timoshenko's
Red Army of the Ukraine is grind
ing up masses of German tanks
struggling in vain to check its drive
on Kharkov and is storming cease
lessly westward on a broad arc
around the vital Ukrainian base, it
was announced officially today.

Holding fast against a threat to his
left flank 75 miles southeast of
Kharkov, Timoshenko's men snuffed
out several German attacks on a
20-mile front in the region of
Izyum and Barvenkova, a late com
munique of the Soviet high command
reported.
(Dispatches reaching London said
the fighting in the Ukraine had
erupted on a new front with the Red
Army launching an olTensive in
force around Taganrog on the Sea
of Azov.)
TURN BACK ATTACKS
"Our troops fighting toward Khar
kov waged offensive battles, re
pulsed enemy panzer attacks and
advanced," the high command an
nounced. "In the region of Izyum
and Barvenkova, our troops re
pulsed several enemy attacks."
Earlier unofficial Soviet reports
from the Ukraine said an increas
ingly powerful Red army offensive
was wiping out or turning back in
shattered confusion seemingly end
less columns of German tanks and
big fleets of enemy planes.
FIGHTING ON KERCH
The late communique said fighting
still raged on the Kerch Peninsula,
where the Soviet radio said the Red
army had been reinforced in prepa
ration for "new and heavy battles"
about to begin in defense of the
Crimean short-cut to the Caucasus.
Twenty-seven German planes
were reported destroyed over the
Russian front Tuesday, while the
loss of 12 by the Red air force was
acknowledged officially. Three Ger
man transports aggregating 26,000
tons were sent to the bottom of the
Barents Sea on Monday.
MOSCOW, Thurs., May 21 (UP).
— Marshall Semyon Timoshenko's
Red Army of the Ukraine is grind
ing up masses of German tanks
struggling in vain to check its drive
on Kharkov and is storming cease
lessly westward on a broad arc
around the vital Ukrainian base, it
was announced officially today.

Holding fast against a threat to his
left flank 75 miles southeast of
Kharkov, Timoshenko's men snuffed
out several German attacks on a
20-mile front in the region of
Izyum and Barvenkova, a late com
munique of the Soviet high command
reported.
(Dispatches reaching London said
the fighting in the Ukraine had
erupted on a new front with the Red
Army launching an olTensive in
force around Taganrog on the Sea
of Azov.)
TURN BACK ATTACKS
"Our troops fighting toward Khar
kov waged offensive battles, re
pulsed enemy panzer attacks and
advanced," the high command an
nounced. "In the region of Izyum
and Barvenkova, our troops re
pulsed several enemy attacks."
Earlier unofficial Soviet reports
from the Ukraine said an increas
ingly powerful Red army offensive
was wiping out or turning back in
shattered confusion seemingly end
less columns of German tanks and
big fleets of enemy planes.
FIGHTING ON KERCH
The late communique said fighting
still raged on the Kerch Peninsula,
where the Soviet radio said the Red
army had been reinforced in prepa
ration for "new and heavy battles"
about to begin in defense of the
Crimean short-cut to the Caucasus.
Twenty-seven German planes
were reported destroyed over the
Russian front Tuesday, while the
loss of 12 by the Red air force was
acknowledged officially. Three Ger
man transports aggregating 26,000
tons were sent to the bottom of the
Barents Sea on Monday.
MOSCOW, Thurs., May 21 (UP).
— Marshall Semyon Timoshenko's
Red Army of the Ukraine is grind
ing up masses of German tanks
struggling in vain to check its drive
on Kharkov and is storming cease
lessly westward on a broad arc
around the vital Ukrainian base, it
was announced officially today.

Holding fast against a threat to his
left flank 75 miles southeast of
Kharkov, Timoshenko's men snuffed
out several German attacks on a
20-mile front in the region of
Izyum and Barvenkova, a late com
munique of the Soviet high command
reported.
(Dispatches reaching London said
the fighting in the Ukraine had
erupted on a new front with the Red
Army launching an olTensive in
force around Taganrog on the Sea
of Azov.)
TURN BACK ATTACKS
"Our troops fighting toward Khar
kov waged offensive battles, re
pulsed enemy panzer attacks and
advanced," the high command an
nounced. "In the region of Izyum
and Barvenkova, our troops re
pulsed several enemy attacks."
Earlier unofficial Soviet reports
from the Ukraine said an increas
ingly powerful Red army offensive
was wiping out or turning back in
shattered confusion seemingly end
less columns of German tanks and
big fleets of enemy planes.
FIGHTING ON KERCH
The late communique said fighting
still raged on the Kerch Peninsula,
where the Soviet radio said the Red
army had been reinforced in prepa
ration for "new and heavy battles"
about to begin in defense of the
Crimean short-cut to the Caucasus.
Twenty-seven German planes
were reported destroyed over the
Russian front Tuesday, while the
loss of 12 by the Red air force was
acknowledged officially. Three Ger
man transports aggregating 26,000
tons were sent to the bottom of the
Barents Sea on Monday.
MOSCOW, Thurs., May 21 (UP).
— Marshall Semyon Timoshenko's
Red Army of the Ukraine is grind
ing up masses of German tanks
struggling in vain to check its drive
on Kharkov and is storming cease
lessly westward on a broad arc
around the vital Ukrainian base, it
was announced officially today.

Holding fast against a threat to his
left flank 75 miles southeast of
Kharkov, Timoshenko's men snuffed
out several German attacks on a
20-mile front in the region of
Izyum and Barvenkova, a late com
munique of the Soviet high command
reported.
(Dispatches reaching London said
the fighting in the Ukraine had
erupted on a new front with the Red
Army launching an olTensive in
force around Taganrog on the Sea
of Azov.)
TURN BACK ATTACKS
"Our troops fighting toward Khar
kov waged offensive battles, re
pulsed enemy panzer attacks and
advanced," the high command an
nounced. "In the region of Izyum
and Barvenkova, our troops re
pulsed several enemy attacks."
Earlier unofficial Soviet reports
from the Ukraine said an increas
ingly powerful Red army offensive
was wiping out or turning back in
shattered confusion seemingly end
less columns of German tanks and
big fleets of enemy planes.
FIGHTING ON KERCH
The late communique said fighting
still raged on the Kerch Peninsula,
where the Soviet radio said the Red
army had been reinforced in prepa
ration for "new and heavy battles"
about to begin in defense of the
Crimean short-cut to the Caucasus.
Twenty-seven German planes
were reported destroyed over the
Russian front Tuesday, while the
loss of 12 by the Red air force was
acknowledged officially. Three Ger
man transports aggregating 26,000
tons were sent to the bottom of the
Barents Sea on Monday.
MOSCOW, Thurs., May 21 (UP).
— Marshall Semyon Timoshenko's
Red Army of the Ukraine is grind
ing up masses of German tanks
struggling in vain to check its drive
on Kharkov and is storming cease
lessly westward on a broad arc
around the vital Ukrainian base, it
was announced officially today.

Holding fast against a threat to his
left flank 75 miles southeast of
Kharkov, Timoshenko's men snuffed
out several German attacks on a
20-mile front in the region of
Izyum and Barvenkova, a late com
munique of the Soviet high command
reported.
(Dispatches reaching London said
the fighting in the Ukraine had
erupted on a new front with the Red
Army launching an olTensive in
force around Taganrog on the Sea
of Azov.)
TURN BACK ATTACKS
"Our troops fighting toward Khar
kov waged offensive battles, re
pulsed enemy panzer attacks and
advanced," the high command an
nounced. "In the region of Izyum
and Barvenkova, our troops re
pulsed several enemy attacks."
Earlier unofficial Soviet reports
from the Ukraine said an increas
ingly powerful Red army offensive
was wiping out or turning back in
shattered confusion seemingly end
less columns of German tanks and
big fleets of enemy planes.
FIGHTING ON KERCH
The late communique said fighting
still raged on the Kerch Peninsula,
where the Soviet radio said the Red
army had been reinforced in prepa
ration for "new and heavy battles"
about to begin in defense of the
Crimean short-cut to the Caucasus.
Twenty-seven German planes
were reported destroyed over the
Russian front Tuesday, while the
loss of 12 by the Red air force was
acknowledged officially. Three Ger
man transports aggregating 26,000
tons were sent to the bottom of the
Barents Sea on Monday.
MOSCOW, Thurs., May 21 (UP).
— Marshall Semyon Timoshenko's
Red Army of the Ukraine is grind
ing up masses of German tanks
struggling in vain to check its drive
on Kharkov and is storming cease
lessly westward on a broad arc
around the vital Ukrainian base, it
was announced officially today.

Holding fast against a threat to his
left flank 75 miles southeast of
Kharkov, Timoshenko's men snuffed
out several German attacks on a
20-mile front in the region of
Izyum and Barvenkova, a late com
munique of the Soviet high command
reported.
(Dispatches reaching London said
the fighting in the Ukraine had
erupted on a new front with the Red
Army launching an olTensive in
force around Taganrog on the Sea
of Azov.)
TURN BACK ATTACKS
"Our troops fighting toward Khar
kov waged offensive battles, re
pulsed enemy panzer attacks and
advanced," the high command an
nounced. "In the region of Izyum
and Barvenkova, our troops re
pulsed several enemy attacks."
Earlier unofficial Soviet reports
from the Ukraine said an increas
ingly powerful Red army offensive
was wiping out or turning back in
shattered confusion seemingly end
less columns of German tanks and
big fleets of enemy planes.
FIGHTING ON KERCH
The late communique said fighting
still raged on the Kerch Peninsula,
where the Soviet radio said the Red
army had been reinforced in prepa
ration for "new and heavy battles"
about to begin in defense of the
Crimean short-cut to the Caucasus.
Twenty-seven German planes
were reported destroyed over the
Russian front Tuesday, while the
loss of 12 by the Red air force was
acknowledged officially. Three Ger
man transports aggregating 26,000
tons were sent to the bottom of the
Barents Sea on Monday.
MOSCOW, Thurs., May 21 (UP).
— Marshall Semyon Timoshenko's
Red Army of the Ukraine is grind
ing up masses of German tanks
struggling in vain to check its drive
on Kharkov and is storming cease
lessly westward on a broad arc
around the vital Ukrainian base, it
was announced officially today.

Holding fast against a threat to his
left flank 75 miles southeast of
Kharkov, Timoshenko's men snuffed
out several German attacks on a
20-mile front in the region of
Izyum and Barvenkova, a late com
munique of the Soviet high command
reported.
(Dispatches reaching London said
the fighting in the Ukraine had
erupted on a new front with the Red
Army launching an olTensive in
force around Taganrog on the Sea
of Azov.)
TURN BACK ATTACKS
"Our troops fighting toward Khar
kov waged offensive battles, re
pulsed enemy panzer attacks and
advanced," the high command an
nounced. "In the region of Izyum
and Barvenkova, our troops re
pulsed several enemy attacks."
Earlier unofficial Soviet reports
from the Ukraine said an increas
ingly powerful Red army offensive
was wiping out or turning back in
shattered confusion seemingly end
less columns of German tanks and
big fleets of enemy planes.
FIGHTING ON KERCH
The late communique said fighting
still raged on the Kerch Peninsula,
where the Soviet radio said the Red
army had been reinforced in prepa
ration for "new and heavy battles"
about to begin in defense of the
Crimean short-cut to the Caucasus.
Twenty-seven German planes
were reported destroyed over the
Russian front Tuesday, while the
loss of 12 by the Red air force was
acknowledged officially. Three Ger
man transports aggregating 26,000
tons were sent to the bottom of the
Barents Sea on Monday.
MOSCOW, Thurs., May 21 (UP).
— Marshall Semyon Timoshenko's
Red Army of the Ukraine is grind
ing up masses of German tanks
struggling in vain to check its drive
on Kharkov and is storming cease
lessly westward on a broad arc
around the vital Ukrainian base, it
was announced officially today.

Holding fast against a threat to his
left flank 75 miles southeast of
Kharkov, Timoshenko's men snuffed
out several German attacks on a
20-mile front in the region of
Izyum and Barvenkova, a late com
munique of the Soviet high command
reported.
(Dispatches reaching London said
the fighting in the Ukraine had
erupted on a new front with the Red
Army launching an olTensive in
force around Taganrog on the Sea
of Azov.)
TURN BACK ATTACKS
"Our troops fighting toward Khar
kov waged offensive battles, re
pulsed enemy panzer attacks and
advanced," the high command an
nounced. "In the region of Izyum
and Barvenkova, our troops re
pulsed several enemy attacks."
Earlier unofficial Soviet reports
from the Ukraine said an increas
ingly powerful Red army offensive
was wiping out or turning back in
shattered confusion seemingly end
less columns of German tanks and
big fleets of enemy planes.
FIGHTING ON KERCH
The late communique said fighting
still raged on the Kerch Peninsula,
where the Soviet radio said the Red
army had been reinforced in prepa
ration for "new and heavy battles"
about to begin in defense of the
Crimean short-cut to the Caucasus.
Twenty-seven German planes
were reported destroyed over the
Russian front Tuesday, while the
loss of 12 by the Red air force was
acknowledged officially. Three Ger
man transports aggregating 26,000
tons were sent to the bottom of the
Barents Sea on Monday.
MOSCOW, Thurs., May 21 (UP).
— Marshall Semyon Timoshenko's
Red Army of the Ukraine is grind
ing up masses of German tanks
struggling in vain to check its drive
on Kharkov and is storming cease
lessly westward on a broad arc
around the vital Ukrainian base, it
was announced officially today.

Holding fast against a threat to his
left flank 75 miles southeast of
Kharkov, Timoshenko's men snuffed
out several German attacks on a
20-mile front in the region of
Izyum and Barvenkova, a late com
munique of the Soviet high command
reported.
(Dispatches reaching London said
the fighting in the Ukraine had
erupted on a new front with the Red
Army launching an olTensive in
force around Taganrog on the Sea
of Azov.)
TURN BACK ATTACKS
"Our troops fighting toward Khar
kov waged offensive battles, re
pulsed enemy panzer attacks and
advanced," the high command an
nounced. "In the region of Izyum
and Barvenkova, our troops re
pulsed several enemy attacks."
Earlier unofficial Soviet reports
from the Ukraine said an increas
ingly powerful Red army offensive
was wiping out or turning back in
shattered confusion seemingly end
less columns of German tanks and
big fleets of enemy planes.
FIGHTING ON KERCH
The late communique said fighting
still raged on the Kerch Peninsula,
where the Soviet radio said the Red
army had been reinforced in prepa
ration for "new and heavy battles"
about to begin in defense of the
Crimean short-cut to the Caucasus.
Twenty-seven German planes
were reported destroyed over the
Russian front Tuesday, while the
loss of 12 by the Red air force was
acknowledged officially. Three Ger
man transports aggregating 26,000
tons were sent to the bottom of the
Barents Sea on Monday.
MOSCOW, Thurs., May 21 (UP).
— Marshall Semyon Timoshenko's
Red Army of the Ukraine is grind
ing up masses of German tanks
struggling in vain to check its drive
on Kharkov and is storming cease
lessly westward on a broad arc
around the vital Ukrainian base, it
was announced officially today.

Holding fast against a threat to his
left flank 75 miles southeast of
Kharkov, Timoshenko's men snuffed
out several German attacks on a
20-mile front in the region of
Izyum and Barvenkova, a late com
munique of the Soviet high command
reported.
(Dispatches reaching London said
the fighting in the Ukraine had
erupted on a new front with the Red
Army launching an olTensive in
force around Taganrog on the Sea
of Azov.)
TURN BACK ATTACKS
"Our troops fighting toward Khar
kov waged offensive battles, re
pulsed enemy panzer attacks and
advanced," the high command an
nounced. "In the region of Izyum
and Barvenkova, our troops re
pulsed several enemy attacks."
Earlier unofficial Soviet reports
from the Ukraine said an increas
ingly powerful Red army offensive
was wiping out or turning back in
shattered confusion seemingly end
less columns of German tanks and
big fleets of enemy planes.
FIGHTING ON KERCH
The late communique said fighting
still raged on the Kerch Peninsula,
where the Soviet radio said the Red
army had been reinforced in prepa
ration for "new and heavy battles"
about to begin in defense of the
Crimean short-cut to the Caucasus.
Twenty-seven German planes
were reported destroyed over the
Russian front Tuesday, while the
loss of 12 by the Red air force was
acknowledged officially. Three Ger
man transports aggregating 26,000
tons were sent to the bottom of the
Barents Sea on Monday.
MOSCOW, Thurs., May 21 (UP).
— Marshall Semyon Timoshenko's
Red Army of the Ukraine is grind
ing up masses of German tanks
struggling in vain to check its drive
on Kharkov and is storming cease
lessly westward on a broad arc
around the vital Ukrainian base, it
was announced officially today.

Holding fast against a threat to his
left flank 75 miles southeast of
Kharkov, Timoshenko's men snuffed
out several German attacks on a
20-mile front in the region of
Izyum and Barvenkova, a late com
munique of the Soviet high command
reported.
(Dispatches reaching London said
the fighting in the Ukraine had
erupted on a new front with the Red
Army launching an olTensive in
force around Taganrog on the Sea
of Azov.)
TURN BACK ATTACKS
"Our troops fighting toward Khar
kov waged offensive battles, re
pulsed enemy panzer attacks and
advanced," the high command an
nounced. "In the region of Izyum
and Barvenkova, our troops re
pulsed several enemy attacks."
Earlier unofficial Soviet reports
from the Ukraine said an increas
ingly powerful Red army offensive
was wiping out or turning back in
shattered confusion seemingly end
less columns of German tanks and
big fleets of enemy planes.
FIGHTING ON KERCH
The late communique said fighting
still raged on the Kerch Peninsula,
where the Soviet radio said the Red
army had been reinforced in prepa
ration for "new and heavy battles"
about to begin in defense of the
Crimean short-cut to the Caucasus.
Twenty-seven German planes
were reported destroyed over the
Russian front Tuesday, while the
loss of 12 by the Red air force was
acknowledged officially. Three Ger
man transports aggregating 26,000
tons were sent to the bottom of the
Barents Sea on Monday.
MOSCOW, Thurs., May 21 (UP).
— Marshall Semyon Timoshenko's
Red Army of the Ukraine is grind
ing up masses of German tanks
struggling in vain to check its drive
on Kharkov and is storming cease
lessly westward on a broad arc
around the vital Ukrainian base, it
was announced officially today.

Holding fast against a threat to his
left flank 75 miles southeast of
Kharkov, Timoshenko's men snuffed
out several German attacks on a
20-mile front in the region of
Izyum and Barvenkova, a late com
munique of the Soviet high command
reported.
(Dispatches reaching London said
the fighting in the Ukraine had
erupted on a new front with the Red
Army launching an olTensive in
force around Taganrog on the Sea
of Azov.)
TURN BACK ATTACKS
"Our troops fighting toward Khar
kov waged offensive battles, re
pulsed enemy panzer attacks and
advanced," the high command an
nounced. "In the region of Izyum
and Barvenkova, our troops re
pulsed several enemy attacks."
Earlier unofficial Soviet reports
from the Ukraine said an increas
ingly powerful Red army offensive
was wiping out or turning back in
shattered confusion seemingly end
less columns of German tanks and
big fleets of enemy planes.
FIGHTING ON KERCH
The late communique said fighting
still raged on the Kerch Peninsula,
where the Soviet radio said the Red
army had been reinforced in prepa
ration for "new and heavy battles"
about to begin in defense of the
Crimean short-cut to the Caucasus.
Twenty-seven German planes
were reported destroyed over the
Russian front Tuesday, while the
loss of 12 by the Red air force was
acknowledged officially. Three Ger
man transports aggregating 26,000
tons were sent to the bottom of the
Barents Sea on Monday.
MOSCOW, Thurs., May 21 (UP).
— Marshall Semyon Timoshenko's
Red Army of the Ukraine is grind
ing up masses of German tanks
struggling in vain to check its drive
on Kharkov and is storming cease
lessly westward on a broad arc
around the vital Ukrainian base, it
was announced officially today.

Holding fast against a threat to his
left flank 75 miles southeast of
Kharkov, Timoshenko's men snuffed
out several German attacks on a
20-mile front in the region of
Izyum and Barvenkova, a late com
munique of the Soviet high command
reported.
(Dispatches reaching London said
the fighting in the Ukraine had
erupted on a new front with the Red
Army launching an olTensive in
force around Taganrog on the Sea
of Azov.)
TURN BACK ATTACKS
"Our troops fighting toward Khar
kov waged offensive battles, re
pulsed enemy panzer attacks and
advanced," the high command an
nounced. "In the region of Izyum
and Barvenkova, our troops re
pulsed several enemy attacks."
Earlier unofficial Soviet reports
from the Ukraine said an increas
ingly powerful Red army offensive
was wiping out or turning back in
shattered confusion seemingly end
less columns of German tanks and
big fleets of enemy planes.
FIGHTING ON KERCH
The late communique said fighting
still raged on the Kerch Peninsula,
where the Soviet radio said the Red
army had been reinforced in prepa
ration for "new and heavy battles"
about to begin in defense of the
Crimean short-cut to the Caucasus.
Twenty-seven German planes
were reported destroyed over the
Russian front Tuesday, while the
loss of 12 by the Red air force was
acknowledged officially. Three Ger
man transports aggregating 26,000
tons were sent to the bottom of the
Barents Sea on Monday.
MOSCOW, Thurs., May 21 (UP).
— Marshall Semyon Timoshenko's
Red Army of the Ukraine is grind
ing up masses of German tanks
struggling in vain to check its drive
on Kharkov and is storming cease
lessly westward on a broad arc
around the vital Ukrainian base, it
was announced officially today.

Holding fast against a threat to his
left flank 75 miles southeast of
Kharkov, Timoshenko's men snuffed
out several German attacks on a
20-mile front in the region of
Izyum and Barvenkova, a late com
munique of the Soviet high command
reported.
(Dispatches reaching London said
the fighting in the Ukraine had
erupted on a new front with the Red
Army launching an olTensive in
force around Taganrog on the Sea
of Azov.)
TURN BACK ATTACKS
"Our troops fighting toward Khar
kov waged offensive battles, re
pulsed enemy panzer attacks and
advanced," the high command an
nounced. "In the region of Izyum
and Barvenkova, our troops re
pulsed several enemy attacks."
Earlier unofficial Soviet reports
from the Ukraine said an increas
ingly powerful Red army offensive
was wiping out or turning back in
shattered confusion seemingly end
less columns of German tanks and
big fleets of enemy planes.
FIGHTING ON KERCH
The late communique said fighting
still raged on the Kerch Peninsula,
where the Soviet radio said the Red
army had been reinforced in prepa
ration for "new and heavy battles"
about to begin in defense of the
Crimean short-cut to the Caucasus.
Twenty-seven German planes
were reported destroyed over the
Russian front Tuesday, while the
loss of 12 by the Red air force was
acknowledged officially. Three Ger
man transports aggregating 26,000
tons were sent to the bottom of the
Barents Sea on Monday.
MOSCOW, Thurs., May 21 (UP).
— Marshall Semyon Timoshenko's
Red Army of the Ukraine is grind
ing up masses of German tanks
struggling in vain to check its drive
on Kharkov and is storming cease
lessly westward on a broad arc
around the vital Ukrainian base, it
was announced officially today.

Holding fast against a threat to his
left flank 75 miles southeast of
Kharkov, Timoshenko's men snuffed
out several German attacks on a
20-mile front in the region of
Izyum and Barvenkova, a late com
munique of the Soviet high command
reported.
(Dispatches reaching London said
the fighting in the Ukraine had
erupted on a new front with the Red
Army launching an olTensive in
force around Taganrog on the Sea
of Azov.)
TURN BACK ATTACKS
"Our troops fighting toward Khar
kov waged offensive battles, re
pulsed enemy panzer attacks and
advanced," the high command an
nounced. "In the region of Izyum
and Barvenkova, our troops re
pulsed several enemy attacks."
Earlier unofficial Soviet reports
from the Ukraine said an increas
ingly powerful Red army offensive
was wiping out or turning back in
shattered confusion seemingly end
less columns of German tanks and
big fleets of enemy planes.
FIGHTING ON KERCH
The late communique said fighting
still raged on the Kerch Peninsula,
where the Soviet radio said the Red
army had been reinforced in prepa
ration for "new and heavy battles"
about to begin in defense of the
Crimean short-cut to the Caucasus.
Twenty-seven German planes
were reported destroyed over the
Russian front Tuesday, while the
loss of 12 by the Red air force was
acknowledged officially. Three Ger
man transports aggregating 26,000
tons were sent to the bottom of the
Barents Sea on Monday.
MOSCOW, Thurs., May 21 (UP).
— Marshall Semyon Timoshenko's
Red Army of the Ukraine is grind
ing up masses of German tanks
struggling in vain to check its drive
on Kharkov and is storming cease
lessly westward on a broad arc
around the vital Ukrainian base, it
was announced officially today.

Holding fast against a threat to his
left flank 75 miles southeast of
Kharkov, Timoshenko's men snuffed
out several German attacks on a
20-mile front in the region of
Izyum and Barvenkova, a late com
munique of the Soviet high command
reported.
(Dispatches reaching London said
the fighting in the Ukraine had
erupted on a new front with the Red
Army launching an olTensive in
force around Taganrog on the Sea
of Azov.)
TURN BACK ATTACKS
"Our troops fighting toward Khar
kov waged offensive battles, re
pulsed enemy panzer attacks and
advanced," the high command an
nounced. "In the region of Izyum
and Barvenkova, our troops re
pulsed several enemy attacks."
Earlier unofficial Soviet reports
from the Ukraine said an increas
ingly powerful Red army offensive
was wiping out or turning back in
shattered confusion seemingly end
less columns of German tanks and
big fleets of enemy planes.
FIGHTING ON KERCH
The late communique said fighting
still raged on the Kerch Peninsula,
where the Soviet radio said the Red
army had been reinforced in prepa
ration for "new and heavy battles"
about to begin in defense of the
Crimean short-cut to the Caucasus.
Twenty-seven German planes
were reported destroyed over the
Russian front Tuesday, while the
loss of 12 by the Red air force was
acknowledged officially. Three Ger
man transports aggregating 26,000
tons were sent to the bottom of the
Barents Sea on Monday.
MOSCOW, Thurs., May 21 (UP).
— Marshall Semyon Timoshenko's
Red Army of the Ukraine is grind
ing up masses of German tanks
struggling in vain to check its drive
on Kharkov and is storming cease
lessly westward on a broad arc
around the vital Ukrainian base, it
was announced officially today.

Holding fast against a threat to his
left flank 75 miles southeast of
Kharkov, Timoshenko's men snuffed
out several German attacks on a
20-mile front in the region of
Izyum and Barvenkova, a late com
munique of the Soviet high command
reported.
(Dispatches reaching London said
the fighting in the Ukraine had
erupted on a new front with the Red
Army launching an olTensive in
force around Taganrog on the Sea
of Azov.)
TURN BACK ATTACKS
"Our troops fighting toward Khar
kov waged offensive battles, re
pulsed enemy panzer attacks and
advanced," the high command an
nounced. "In the region of Izyum
and Barvenkova, our troops re
pulsed several enemy attacks."
Earlier unofficial Soviet reports
from the Ukraine said an increas
ingly powerful Red army offensive
was wiping out or turning back in
shattered confusion seemingly end
less columns of German tanks and
big fleets of enemy planes.
FIGHTING ON KERCH
The late communique said fighting
still raged on the Kerch Peninsula,
where the Soviet radio said the Red
army had been reinforced in prepa
ration for "new and heavy battles"
about to begin in defense of the
Crimean short-cut to the Caucasus.
Twenty-seven German planes
were reported destroyed over the
Russian front Tuesday, while the
loss of 12 by the Red air force was
acknowledged officially. Three Ger
man transports aggregating 26,000
tons were sent to the bottom of the
Barents Sea on Monday.
