# Weather
## 
### 
' * ♦
I
Women take titles
Scott and Bleszynski claim
top prizes at the Rolex.
Sports, page 7

Card lands Titan victory
Baseball sweeps Fullerton
for first time since 1991.
Sports, page 7

today What's new? As usual,
it'll he rainy and soggy.
Hi: 57 Low: 49



' * ♦
I
Women take titles
Scott and Bleszynski claim
top prizes at the Rolex.
Sports, page 7

Card lands Titan victory
Baseball sweeps Fullerton
for first time since 1991.
Sports, page 7

today What's new? As usual,
it'll he rainy and soggy.
Hi: 57 Low: 49



' * ♦
I
Women take titles
Scott and Bleszynski claim
top prizes at the Rolex.
Sports, page 7

Card lands Titan victory
Baseball sweeps Fullerton
for first time since 1991.
Sports, page 7

today What's new? As usual,
it'll he rainy and soggy.
Hi: 57 Low: 49



' * ♦
I
Women take titles
Scott and Bleszynski claim
top prizes at the Rolex.
Sports, page 7

Card lands Titan victory
Baseball sweeps Fullerton
for first time since 1991.
Sports, page 7

today What's new? As usual,
it'll he rainy and soggy.
Hi: 57 Low: 49



' * ♦
I
Women take titles
Scott and Bleszynski claim
top prizes at the Rolex.
Sports, page 7

Card lands Titan victory
Baseball sweeps Fullerton
for first time since 1991.
Sports, page 7

today What's new? As usual,
it'll he rainy and soggy.
Hi: 57 Low: 49



