# Untitled Article
## 
### 
While no iron-clad rule prevents
Stanford men from playing in the
eleven that will meet the Carlisle
Indians Christmas Day, it is seri
ously questioned whether it is
advisable for those who expect to
be candidates for the Stanford team
next year to enter this contest and
thereby endanger their amateur
standing. It is not likely that
many are considering this phase of
the matter, as the general impres
sion seems to be current that par
ticipation in the Christmas game
will not violate the intercollegiate
agreement. No secret is being made
of the fact that the coming contest
is purely a money-making enter
prise, and those who are instru
mental in getting together the so
called all-California team are
looking primarily to the pecuniary
end. Accordingly any Stanford
player who enrolls himself in this
team will throw himself open to
charges and the possibility of pro
test by California next year, even
though he did not receive a cent of
money. Questions of amateur
standing are clearly defined, and
it is laid down that no college man j
is an amateur who plays in an
attached eleven or with men who
are clearly professionals and who
are known to receive money for
their services. California will have
ample grounds on which to base a
protest next year against every
Stanford player who participates
in this game, and the best Stanford
sentiment will uphold California's
claim as perfectly justified. There
is another phase of this Christmas
game that should receive earnest
consideration by those who may
think of playing with the oppo
nents of the Indians. The
California-Minnesota game was
announced before the Christmas
contest, and it seems no more than
courteous that Stanford men should
not be concerned in any game that
may detract interest from the

greater and more academic contest
on New Year's Day. This latter
game will lie a contest between
East and West, and we all should
do our best to make the game as
successful as possible. An under
current of comment is being beard
abroad that Stanford is back of the
Christmas game, and the sooner
the groundless suspicion is removed
the better it will be for all con
cerned. Stanford is most interested
in such a charge, and we have it
in our power to remove the suspi
cion.
While no iron-clad rule prevents
Stanford men from playing in the
eleven that will meet the Carlisle
Indians Christmas Day, it is seri
ously questioned whether it is
advisable for those who expect to
be candidates for the Stanford team
next year to enter this contest and
thereby endanger their amateur
standing. It is not likely that
many are considering this phase of
the matter, as the general impres
sion seems to be current that par
ticipation in the Christmas game
will not violate the intercollegiate
agreement. No secret is being made
of the fact that the coming contest
is purely a money-making enter
prise, and those who are instru
mental in getting together the so
called all-California team are
looking primarily to the pecuniary
end. Accordingly any Stanford
player who enrolls himself in this
team will throw himself open to
charges and the possibility of pro
test by California next year, even
though he did not receive a cent of
money. Questions of amateur
standing are clearly defined, and
it is laid down that no college man j
is an amateur who plays in an
attached eleven or with men who
are clearly professionals and who
are known to receive money for
their services. California will have
ample grounds on which to base a
protest next year against every
Stanford player who participates
in this game, and the best Stanford
sentiment will uphold California's
claim as perfectly justified. There
is another phase of this Christmas
game that should receive earnest
consideration by those who may
think of playing with the oppo
nents of the Indians. The
California-Minnesota game was
announced before the Christmas
contest, and it seems no more than
courteous that Stanford men should
not be concerned in any game that
may detract interest from the

greater and more academic contest
on New Year's Day. This latter
game will lie a contest between
East and West, and we all should
do our best to make the game as
successful as possible. An under
current of comment is being beard
abroad that Stanford is back of the
Christmas game, and the sooner
the groundless suspicion is removed
the better it will be for all con
cerned. Stanford is most interested
in such a charge, and we have it
in our power to remove the suspi
cion.
While no iron-clad rule prevents
Stanford men from playing in the
eleven that will meet the Carlisle
Indians Christmas Day, it is seri
ously questioned whether it is
advisable for those who expect to
be candidates for the Stanford team
next year to enter this contest and
thereby endanger their amateur
standing. It is not likely that
many are considering this phase of
the matter, as the general impres
sion seems to be current that par
ticipation in the Christmas game
will not violate the intercollegiate
agreement. No secret is being made
of the fact that the coming contest
is purely a money-making enter
prise, and those who are instru
mental in getting together the so
called all-California team are
looking primarily to the pecuniary
end. Accordingly any Stanford
player who enrolls himself in this
team will throw himself open to
charges and the possibility of pro
test by California next year, even
though he did not receive a cent of
money. Questions of amateur
standing are clearly defined, and
it is laid down that no college man j
is an amateur who plays in an
attached eleven or with men who
are clearly professionals and who
are known to receive money for
their services. California will have
ample grounds on which to base a
protest next year against every
Stanford player who participates
in this game, and the best Stanford
sentiment will uphold California's
claim as perfectly justified. There
is another phase of this Christmas
game that should receive earnest
consideration by those who may
think of playing with the oppo
nents of the Indians. The
California-Minnesota game was
announced before the Christmas
contest, and it seems no more than
courteous that Stanford men should
not be concerned in any game that
may detract interest from the

greater and more academic contest
on New Year's Day. This latter
game will lie a contest between
East and West, and we all should
do our best to make the game as
successful as possible. An under
current of comment is being beard
abroad that Stanford is back of the
Christmas game, and the sooner
the groundless suspicion is removed
the better it will be for all con
cerned. Stanford is most interested
in such a charge, and we have it
in our power to remove the suspi
cion.
While no iron-clad rule prevents
Stanford men from playing in the
eleven that will meet the Carlisle
Indians Christmas Day, it is seri
ously questioned whether it is
advisable for those who expect to
be candidates for the Stanford team
next year to enter this contest and
thereby endanger their amateur
standing. It is not likely that
many are considering this phase of
the matter, as the general impres
sion seems to be current that par
ticipation in the Christmas game
will not violate the intercollegiate
agreement. No secret is being made
of the fact that the coming contest
is purely a money-making enter
prise, and those who are instru
mental in getting together the so
called all-California team are
looking primarily to the pecuniary
end. Accordingly any Stanford
player who enrolls himself in this
team will throw himself open to
charges and the possibility of pro
test by California next year, even
though he did not receive a cent of
money. Questions of amateur
standing are clearly defined, and
it is laid down that no college man j
is an amateur who plays in an
attached eleven or with men who
are clearly professionals and who
are known to receive money for
their services. California will have
ample grounds on which to base a
protest next year against every
Stanford player who participates
in this game, and the best Stanford
sentiment will uphold California's
claim as perfectly justified. There
is another phase of this Christmas
game that should receive earnest
consideration by those who may
think of playing with the oppo
nents of the Indians. The
California-Minnesota game was
announced before the Christmas
contest, and it seems no more than
courteous that Stanford men should
not be concerned in any game that
may detract interest from the

greater and more academic contest
on New Year's Day. This latter
game will lie a contest between
East and West, and we all should
do our best to make the game as
successful as possible. An under
current of comment is being beard
abroad that Stanford is back of the
Christmas game, and the sooner
the groundless suspicion is removed
the better it will be for all con
cerned. Stanford is most interested
in such a charge, and we have it
in our power to remove the suspi
cion.
While no iron-clad rule prevents
Stanford men from playing in the
eleven that will meet the Carlisle
Indians Christmas Day, it is seri
ously questioned whether it is
advisable for those who expect to
be candidates for the Stanford team
next year to enter this contest and
thereby endanger their amateur
standing. It is not likely that
many are considering this phase of
the matter, as the general impres
sion seems to be current that par
ticipation in the Christmas game
will not violate the intercollegiate
agreement. No secret is being made
of the fact that the coming contest
is purely a money-making enter
prise, and those who are instru
mental in getting together the so
called all-California team are
looking primarily to the pecuniary
end. Accordingly any Stanford
player who enrolls himself in this
team will throw himself open to
charges and the possibility of pro
test by California next year, even
though he did not receive a cent of
money. Questions of amateur
standing are clearly defined, and
it is laid down that no college man j
is an amateur who plays in an
attached eleven or with men who
are clearly professionals and who
are known to receive money for
their services. California will have
ample grounds on which to base a
protest next year against every
Stanford player who participates
in this game, and the best Stanford
sentiment will uphold California's
claim as perfectly justified. There
is another phase of this Christmas
game that should receive earnest
consideration by those who may
think of playing with the oppo
nents of the Indians. The
California-Minnesota game was
announced before the Christmas
contest, and it seems no more than
courteous that Stanford men should
not be concerned in any game that
may detract interest from the

greater and more academic contest
on New Year's Day. This latter
game will lie a contest between
East and West, and we all should
do our best to make the game as
successful as possible. An under
current of comment is being beard
abroad that Stanford is back of the
Christmas game, and the sooner
the groundless suspicion is removed
the better it will be for all con
cerned. Stanford is most interested
in such a charge, and we have it
in our power to remove the suspi
cion.
While no iron-clad rule prevents
Stanford men from playing in the
eleven that will meet the Carlisle
Indians Christmas Day, it is seri
ously questioned whether it is
advisable for those who expect to
be candidates for the Stanford team
next year to enter this contest and
thereby endanger their amateur
standing. It is not likely that
many are considering this phase of
the matter, as the general impres
sion seems to be current that par
ticipation in the Christmas game
will not violate the intercollegiate
agreement. No secret is being made
of the fact that the coming contest
is purely a money-making enter
prise, and those who are instru
mental in getting together the so
called all-California team are
looking primarily to the pecuniary
end. Accordingly any Stanford
player who enrolls himself in this
team will throw himself open to
charges and the possibility of pro
test by California next year, even
though he did not receive a cent of
money. Questions of amateur
standing are clearly defined, and
it is laid down that no college man j
is an amateur who plays in an
attached eleven or with men who
are clearly professionals and who
are known to receive money for
their services. California will have
ample grounds on which to base a
protest next year against every
Stanford player who participates
in this game, and the best Stanford
sentiment will uphold California's
claim as perfectly justified. There
is another phase of this Christmas
game that should receive earnest
consideration by those who may
think of playing with the oppo
nents of the Indians. The
California-Minnesota game was
announced before the Christmas
contest, and it seems no more than
courteous that Stanford men should
not be concerned in any game that
may detract interest from the

greater and more academic contest
on New Year's Day. This latter
game will lie a contest between
East and West, and we all should
do our best to make the game as
successful as possible. An under
current of comment is being beard
abroad that Stanford is back of the
Christmas game, and the sooner
the groundless suspicion is removed
the better it will be for all con
cerned. Stanford is most interested
in such a charge, and we have it
in our power to remove the suspi
cion.
While no iron-clad rule prevents
Stanford men from playing in the
eleven that will meet the Carlisle
Indians Christmas Day, it is seri
ously questioned whether it is
advisable for those who expect to
be candidates for the Stanford team
next year to enter this contest and
thereby endanger their amateur
standing. It is not likely that
many are considering this phase of
the matter, as the general impres
sion seems to be current that par
ticipation in the Christmas game
will not violate the intercollegiate
agreement. No secret is being made
of the fact that the coming contest
is purely a money-making enter
prise, and those who are instru
mental in getting together the so
called all-California team are
looking primarily to the pecuniary
end. Accordingly any Stanford
player who enrolls himself in this
team will throw himself open to
charges and the possibility of pro
test by California next year, even
though he did not receive a cent of
money. Questions of amateur
standing are clearly defined, and
it is laid down that no college man j
is an amateur who plays in an
attached eleven or with men who
are clearly professionals and who
are known to receive money for
their services. California will have
ample grounds on which to base a
protest next year against every
Stanford player who participates
in this game, and the best Stanford
sentiment will uphold California's
claim as perfectly justified. There
is another phase of this Christmas
game that should receive earnest
consideration by those who may
think of playing with the oppo
nents of the Indians. The
California-Minnesota game was
announced before the Christmas
contest, and it seems no more than
courteous that Stanford men should
not be concerned in any game that
may detract interest from the

greater and more academic contest
on New Year's Day. This latter
game will lie a contest between
East and West, and we all should
do our best to make the game as
successful as possible. An under
current of comment is being beard
abroad that Stanford is back of the
Christmas game, and the sooner
the groundless suspicion is removed
the better it will be for all con
cerned. Stanford is most interested
in such a charge, and we have it
in our power to remove the suspi
cion.
While no iron-clad rule prevents
Stanford men from playing in the
eleven that will meet the Carlisle
Indians Christmas Day, it is seri
ously questioned whether it is
advisable for those who expect to
be candidates for the Stanford team
next year to enter this contest and
thereby endanger their amateur
standing. It is not likely that
many are considering this phase of
the matter, as the general impres
sion seems to be current that par
ticipation in the Christmas game
will not violate the intercollegiate
agreement. No secret is being made
of the fact that the coming contest
is purely a money-making enter
prise, and those who are instru
mental in getting together the so
called all-California team are
looking primarily to the pecuniary
end. Accordingly any Stanford
player who enrolls himself in this
team will throw himself open to
charges and the possibility of pro
test by California next year, even
though he did not receive a cent of
money. Questions of amateur
standing are clearly defined, and
it is laid down that no college man j
is an amateur who plays in an
attached eleven or with men who
are clearly professionals and who
are known to receive money for
their services. California will have
ample grounds on which to base a
protest next year against every
Stanford player who participates
in this game, and the best Stanford
sentiment will uphold California's
claim as perfectly justified. There
is another phase of this Christmas
game that should receive earnest
consideration by those who may
think of playing with the oppo
nents of the Indians. The
California-Minnesota game was
announced before the Christmas
contest, and it seems no more than
courteous that Stanford men should
not be concerned in any game that
may detract interest from the

greater and more academic contest
on New Year's Day. This latter
game will lie a contest between
East and West, and we all should
do our best to make the game as
successful as possible. An under
current of comment is being beard
abroad that Stanford is back of the
Christmas game, and the sooner
the groundless suspicion is removed
the better it will be for all con
cerned. Stanford is most interested
in such a charge, and we have it
in our power to remove the suspi
cion.
