# Kienitz To Speak On Architecture
## 
### 
John F. Kienitz, a personal
friend of Frank Lloyd Wright for
31 years, will speak on "The Edu
cation of Frank Lloyd Wright" at
4:15 today in Room 270 of Tres
idder Union.
Kienitz is now in the process of
putting the finishing touches on
a book dealing with tlie Califor
nia architecture of Wright. Ho is
on leave from the University of
Wisconsin where he teaches a
course on "The Theory of Frank
Lloyd Wright."
At the lecture Kienitz will show
slides of Wright's work. Much of
the talk will be on the Hanna
house which Wright considered
one of his most carefully done
masterpieces and which is located
in the hills behind Stanford.
John F. Kienitz, a personal
friend of Frank Lloyd Wright for
31 years, will speak on "The Edu
cation of Frank Lloyd Wright" at
4:15 today in Room 270 of Tres
idder Union.
Kienitz is now in the process of
putting the finishing touches on
a book dealing with tlie Califor
nia architecture of Wright. Ho is
on leave from the University of
Wisconsin where he teaches a
course on "The Theory of Frank
Lloyd Wright."
At the lecture Kienitz will show
slides of Wright's work. Much of
the talk will be on the Hanna
house which Wright considered
one of his most carefully done
masterpieces and which is located
in the hills behind Stanford.
John F. Kienitz, a personal
friend of Frank Lloyd Wright for
31 years, will speak on "The Edu
cation of Frank Lloyd Wright" at
4:15 today in Room 270 of Tres
idder Union.
Kienitz is now in the process of
putting the finishing touches on
a book dealing with tlie Califor
nia architecture of Wright. Ho is
on leave from the University of
Wisconsin where he teaches a
course on "The Theory of Frank
Lloyd Wright."
At the lecture Kienitz will show
slides of Wright's work. Much of
the talk will be on the Hanna
house which Wright considered
one of his most carefully done
masterpieces and which is located
in the hills behind Stanford.
John F. Kienitz, a personal
friend of Frank Lloyd Wright for
31 years, will speak on "The Edu
cation of Frank Lloyd Wright" at
4:15 today in Room 270 of Tres
idder Union.
Kienitz is now in the process of
putting the finishing touches on
a book dealing with tlie Califor
nia architecture of Wright. Ho is
on leave from the University of
Wisconsin where he teaches a
course on "The Theory of Frank
Lloyd Wright."
At the lecture Kienitz will show
slides of Wright's work. Much of
the talk will be on the Hanna
house which Wright considered
one of his most carefully done
masterpieces and which is located
in the hills behind Stanford.
John F. Kienitz, a personal
friend of Frank Lloyd Wright for
31 years, will speak on "The Edu
cation of Frank Lloyd Wright" at
4:15 today in Room 270 of Tres
idder Union.
Kienitz is now in the process of
putting the finishing touches on
a book dealing with tlie Califor
nia architecture of Wright. Ho is
on leave from the University of
Wisconsin where he teaches a
course on "The Theory of Frank
Lloyd Wright."
At the lecture Kienitz will show
slides of Wright's work. Much of
the talk will be on the Hanna
house which Wright considered
one of his most carefully done
masterpieces and which is located
in the hills behind Stanford.
John F. Kienitz, a personal
friend of Frank Lloyd Wright for
31 years, will speak on "The Edu
cation of Frank Lloyd Wright" at
4:15 today in Room 270 of Tres
idder Union.
Kienitz is now in the process of
putting the finishing touches on
a book dealing with tlie Califor
nia architecture of Wright. Ho is
on leave from the University of
Wisconsin where he teaches a
course on "The Theory of Frank
Lloyd Wright."
At the lecture Kienitz will show
slides of Wright's work. Much of
the talk will be on the Hanna
house which Wright considered
one of his most carefully done
masterpieces and which is located
in the hills behind Stanford.
John F. Kienitz, a personal
friend of Frank Lloyd Wright for
31 years, will speak on "The Edu
cation of Frank Lloyd Wright" at
4:15 today in Room 270 of Tres
idder Union.
Kienitz is now in the process of
putting the finishing touches on
a book dealing with tlie Califor
nia architecture of Wright. Ho is
on leave from the University of
Wisconsin where he teaches a
course on "The Theory of Frank
Lloyd Wright."
At the lecture Kienitz will show
slides of Wright's work. Much of
the talk will be on the Hanna
house which Wright considered
one of his most carefully done
masterpieces and which is located
in the hills behind Stanford.
John F. Kienitz, a personal
friend of Frank Lloyd Wright for
31 years, will speak on "The Edu
cation of Frank Lloyd Wright" at
4:15 today in Room 270 of Tres
idder Union.
Kienitz is now in the process of
putting the finishing touches on
a book dealing with tlie Califor
nia architecture of Wright. Ho is
on leave from the University of
Wisconsin where he teaches a
course on "The Theory of Frank
Lloyd Wright."
At the lecture Kienitz will show
slides of Wright's work. Much of
the talk will be on the Hanna
house which Wright considered
one of his most carefully done
masterpieces and which is located
in the hills behind Stanford.
John F. Kienitz, a personal
friend of Frank Lloyd Wright for
31 years, will speak on "The Edu
cation of Frank Lloyd Wright" at
4:15 today in Room 270 of Tres
idder Union.
Kienitz is now in the process of
putting the finishing touches on
a book dealing with tlie Califor
nia architecture of Wright. Ho is
on leave from the University of
Wisconsin where he teaches a
course on "The Theory of Frank
Lloyd Wright."
At the lecture Kienitz will show
slides of Wright's work. Much of
the talk will be on the Hanna
house which Wright considered
one of his most carefully done
masterpieces and which is located
in the hills behind Stanford.
John F. Kienitz, a personal
friend of Frank Lloyd Wright for
31 years, will speak on "The Edu
cation of Frank Lloyd Wright" at
4:15 today in Room 270 of Tres
idder Union.
Kienitz is now in the process of
putting the finishing touches on
a book dealing with tlie Califor
nia architecture of Wright. Ho is
on leave from the University of
Wisconsin where he teaches a
course on "The Theory of Frank
Lloyd Wright."
At the lecture Kienitz will show
slides of Wright's work. Much of
the talk will be on the Hanna
house which Wright considered
one of his most carefully done
masterpieces and which is located
in the hills behind Stanford.
John F. Kienitz, a personal
friend of Frank Lloyd Wright for
31 years, will speak on "The Edu
cation of Frank Lloyd Wright" at
4:15 today in Room 270 of Tres
idder Union.
Kienitz is now in the process of
putting the finishing touches on
a book dealing with tlie Califor
nia architecture of Wright. Ho is
on leave from the University of
Wisconsin where he teaches a
course on "The Theory of Frank
Lloyd Wright."
At the lecture Kienitz will show
slides of Wright's work. Much of
the talk will be on the Hanna
house which Wright considered
one of his most carefully done
masterpieces and which is located
in the hills behind Stanford.
John F. Kienitz, a personal
friend of Frank Lloyd Wright for
31 years, will speak on "The Edu
cation of Frank Lloyd Wright" at
4:15 today in Room 270 of Tres
idder Union.
Kienitz is now in the process of
putting the finishing touches on
a book dealing with tlie Califor
nia architecture of Wright. Ho is
on leave from the University of
Wisconsin where he teaches a
course on "The Theory of Frank
Lloyd Wright."
At the lecture Kienitz will show
slides of Wright's work. Much of
the talk will be on the Hanna
house which Wright considered
one of his most carefully done
masterpieces and which is located
in the hills behind Stanford.
John F. Kienitz, a personal
friend of Frank Lloyd Wright for
31 years, will speak on "The Edu
cation of Frank Lloyd Wright" at
4:15 today in Room 270 of Tres
idder Union.
Kienitz is now in the process of
putting the finishing touches on
a book dealing with tlie Califor
nia architecture of Wright. Ho is
on leave from the University of
Wisconsin where he teaches a
course on "The Theory of Frank
Lloyd Wright."
At the lecture Kienitz will show
slides of Wright's work. Much of
the talk will be on the Hanna
house which Wright considered
one of his most carefully done
masterpieces and which is located
in the hills behind Stanford.
John F. Kienitz, a personal
friend of Frank Lloyd Wright for
31 years, will speak on "The Edu
cation of Frank Lloyd Wright" at
4:15 today in Room 270 of Tres
idder Union.
Kienitz is now in the process of
putting the finishing touches on
a book dealing with tlie Califor
nia architecture of Wright. Ho is
on leave from the University of
Wisconsin where he teaches a
course on "The Theory of Frank
Lloyd Wright."
At the lecture Kienitz will show
slides of Wright's work. Much of
the talk will be on the Hanna
house which Wright considered
one of his most carefully done
masterpieces and which is located
in the hills behind Stanford.
John F. Kienitz, a personal
friend of Frank Lloyd Wright for
31 years, will speak on "The Edu
cation of Frank Lloyd Wright" at
4:15 today in Room 270 of Tres
idder Union.
Kienitz is now in the process of
putting the finishing touches on
a book dealing with tlie Califor
nia architecture of Wright. Ho is
on leave from the University of
Wisconsin where he teaches a
course on "The Theory of Frank
Lloyd Wright."
At the lecture Kienitz will show
slides of Wright's work. Much of
the talk will be on the Hanna
house which Wright considered
one of his most carefully done
masterpieces and which is located
in the hills behind Stanford.
