# Moving Pictures of Sugar Cane Presented Tonight
## 
### 
Two moving pictures, one on the
story of sugar cane, the other on the
story of beet sugar, will be shown in
the Little Theatre tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
The reels on sugar cane will be
brought down from the Crockett plant
of the Hawaiian Sugar Refining Cor
poration by W. P. Bell, shift superin
tendent of that plant. A government
film will show the various stages of
beet sugar production. Alpha Sigma
Chi, chemistry fraternity, is sponsor
ing the affair.
Two moving pictures, one on the
story of sugar cane, the other on the
story of beet sugar, will be shown in
the Little Theatre tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
The reels on sugar cane will be
brought down from the Crockett plant
of the Hawaiian Sugar Refining Cor
poration by W. P. Bell, shift superin
tendent of that plant. A government
film will show the various stages of
beet sugar production. Alpha Sigma
Chi, chemistry fraternity, is sponsor
ing the affair.
Two moving pictures, one on the
story of sugar cane, the other on the
story of beet sugar, will be shown in
the Little Theatre tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
The reels on sugar cane will be
brought down from the Crockett plant
of the Hawaiian Sugar Refining Cor
poration by W. P. Bell, shift superin
tendent of that plant. A government
film will show the various stages of
beet sugar production. Alpha Sigma
Chi, chemistry fraternity, is sponsor
ing the affair.
Two moving pictures, one on the
story of sugar cane, the other on the
story of beet sugar, will be shown in
the Little Theatre tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
The reels on sugar cane will be
brought down from the Crockett plant
of the Hawaiian Sugar Refining Cor
poration by W. P. Bell, shift superin
tendent of that plant. A government
film will show the various stages of
beet sugar production. Alpha Sigma
Chi, chemistry fraternity, is sponsor
ing the affair.
Two moving pictures, one on the
story of sugar cane, the other on the
story of beet sugar, will be shown in
the Little Theatre tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
The reels on sugar cane will be
brought down from the Crockett plant
of the Hawaiian Sugar Refining Cor
poration by W. P. Bell, shift superin
tendent of that plant. A government
film will show the various stages of
beet sugar production. Alpha Sigma
Chi, chemistry fraternity, is sponsor
ing the affair.
Two moving pictures, one on the
story of sugar cane, the other on the
story of beet sugar, will be shown in
the Little Theatre tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
The reels on sugar cane will be
brought down from the Crockett plant
of the Hawaiian Sugar Refining Cor
poration by W. P. Bell, shift superin
tendent of that plant. A government
film will show the various stages of
beet sugar production. Alpha Sigma
Chi, chemistry fraternity, is sponsor
ing the affair.
Two moving pictures, one on the
story of sugar cane, the other on the
story of beet sugar, will be shown in
the Little Theatre tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
The reels on sugar cane will be
brought down from the Crockett plant
of the Hawaiian Sugar Refining Cor
poration by W. P. Bell, shift superin
tendent of that plant. A government
film will show the various stages of
beet sugar production. Alpha Sigma
Chi, chemistry fraternity, is sponsor
ing the affair.
Two moving pictures, one on the
story of sugar cane, the other on the
story of beet sugar, will be shown in
the Little Theatre tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
The reels on sugar cane will be
brought down from the Crockett plant
of the Hawaiian Sugar Refining Cor
poration by W. P. Bell, shift superin
tendent of that plant. A government
film will show the various stages of
beet sugar production. Alpha Sigma
Chi, chemistry fraternity, is sponsor
ing the affair.
Two moving pictures, one on the
story of sugar cane, the other on the
story of beet sugar, will be shown in
the Little Theatre tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
The reels on sugar cane will be
brought down from the Crockett plant
of the Hawaiian Sugar Refining Cor
poration by W. P. Bell, shift superin
tendent of that plant. A government
film will show the various stages of
beet sugar production. Alpha Sigma
Chi, chemistry fraternity, is sponsor
ing the affair.
Two moving pictures, one on the
story of sugar cane, the other on the
story of beet sugar, will be shown in
the Little Theatre tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
The reels on sugar cane will be
brought down from the Crockett plant
of the Hawaiian Sugar Refining Cor
poration by W. P. Bell, shift superin
tendent of that plant. A government
film will show the various stages of
beet sugar production. Alpha Sigma
Chi, chemistry fraternity, is sponsor
ing the affair.
Two moving pictures, one on the
story of sugar cane, the other on the
story of beet sugar, will be shown in
the Little Theatre tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
The reels on sugar cane will be
brought down from the Crockett plant
of the Hawaiian Sugar Refining Cor
poration by W. P. Bell, shift superin
tendent of that plant. A government
film will show the various stages of
beet sugar production. Alpha Sigma
Chi, chemistry fraternity, is sponsor
ing the affair.
Two moving pictures, one on the
story of sugar cane, the other on the
story of beet sugar, will be shown in
the Little Theatre tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
The reels on sugar cane will be
brought down from the Crockett plant
of the Hawaiian Sugar Refining Cor
poration by W. P. Bell, shift superin
tendent of that plant. A government
film will show the various stages of
beet sugar production. Alpha Sigma
Chi, chemistry fraternity, is sponsor
ing the affair.
Two moving pictures, one on the
story of sugar cane, the other on the
story of beet sugar, will be shown in
the Little Theatre tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
The reels on sugar cane will be
brought down from the Crockett plant
of the Hawaiian Sugar Refining Cor
poration by W. P. Bell, shift superin
tendent of that plant. A government
film will show the various stages of
beet sugar production. Alpha Sigma
Chi, chemistry fraternity, is sponsor
ing the affair.
Two moving pictures, one on the
story of sugar cane, the other on the
story of beet sugar, will be shown in
the Little Theatre tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
The reels on sugar cane will be
brought down from the Crockett plant
of the Hawaiian Sugar Refining Cor
poration by W. P. Bell, shift superin
tendent of that plant. A government
film will show the various stages of
beet sugar production. Alpha Sigma
Chi, chemistry fraternity, is sponsor
ing the affair.
