# ABANDONS AFTERNOON CLASSES
## 
### 
Afternoon classes during the sum
mer session have been abandoned at
the University of Wisconsin, and
classes run from 7:30 to 12:30.
Afternoon classes during the sum
mer session have been abandoned at
the University of Wisconsin, and
classes run from 7:30 to 12:30.
Afternoon classes during the sum
mer session have been abandoned at
the University of Wisconsin, and
classes run from 7:30 to 12:30.
Afternoon classes during the sum
mer session have been abandoned at
the University of Wisconsin, and
classes run from 7:30 to 12:30.
Afternoon classes during the sum
mer session have been abandoned at
the University of Wisconsin, and
classes run from 7:30 to 12:30.
Afternoon classes during the sum
mer session have been abandoned at
the University of Wisconsin, and
classes run from 7:30 to 12:30.
Afternoon classes during the sum
mer session have been abandoned at
the University of Wisconsin, and
classes run from 7:30 to 12:30.
Afternoon classes during the sum
mer session have been abandoned at
the University of Wisconsin, and
classes run from 7:30 to 12:30.
Afternoon classes during the sum
mer session have been abandoned at
the University of Wisconsin, and
classes run from 7:30 to 12:30.
Afternoon classes during the sum
mer session have been abandoned at
the University of Wisconsin, and
classes run from 7:30 to 12:30.
Afternoon classes during the sum
mer session have been abandoned at
the University of Wisconsin, and
classes run from 7:30 to 12:30.
Afternoon classes during the sum
mer session have been abandoned at
the University of Wisconsin, and
classes run from 7:30 to 12:30.
Afternoon classes during the sum
mer session have been abandoned at
the University of Wisconsin, and
classes run from 7:30 to 12:30.
Afternoon classes during the sum
mer session have been abandoned at
the University of Wisconsin, and
classes run from 7:30 to 12:30.
Afternoon classes during the sum
mer session have been abandoned at
the University of Wisconsin, and
classes run from 7:30 to 12:30.
