# $700,000 SPORTS BUILDING
## 
### 
The University of Michigan is erect
ing a $700,000 building for intramural
sports for men students and faculty,
which is to be ready by January 15.
The University of Michigan is erect
ing a $700,000 building for intramural
sports for men students and faculty,
which is to be ready by January 15.
The University of Michigan is erect
ing a $700,000 building for intramural
sports for men students and faculty,
which is to be ready by January 15.
The University of Michigan is erect
ing a $700,000 building for intramural
sports for men students and faculty,
which is to be ready by January 15.
The University of Michigan is erect
ing a $700,000 building for intramural
sports for men students and faculty,
which is to be ready by January 15.
The University of Michigan is erect
ing a $700,000 building for intramural
sports for men students and faculty,
which is to be ready by January 15.
The University of Michigan is erect
ing a $700,000 building for intramural
sports for men students and faculty,
which is to be ready by January 15.
The University of Michigan is erect
ing a $700,000 building for intramural
sports for men students and faculty,
which is to be ready by January 15.
The University of Michigan is erect
ing a $700,000 building for intramural
sports for men students and faculty,
which is to be ready by January 15.
The University of Michigan is erect
ing a $700,000 building for intramural
sports for men students and faculty,
which is to be ready by January 15.
The University of Michigan is erect
ing a $700,000 building for intramural
sports for men students and faculty,
which is to be ready by January 15.
The University of Michigan is erect
ing a $700,000 building for intramural
sports for men students and faculty,
which is to be ready by January 15.
The University of Michigan is erect
ing a $700,000 building for intramural
sports for men students and faculty,
which is to be ready by January 15.
The University of Michigan is erect
ing a $700,000 building for intramural
sports for men students and faculty,
which is to be ready by January 15.
The University of Michigan is erect
ing a $700,000 building for intramural
sports for men students and faculty,
which is to be ready by January 15.
