# CAMPUS FLYING FIELD POSSIBILITY ADVANCED BY CHAMBER'S PLANS
## 
### 
Plans of the Palo Alto Chamber of
Commerce for the establishment of an
airport on the campus fits in with the
possibility discussed at the time of
the receipt of the Guggenheim
endowment of aeronautical research,
that the work in aviation might even
tually lead to an experimental flying
field.
At the time the Guggenheim endow
ment was received, it was considered
as a possibility by those interested
that at some future time, when ex
perimentation had advanced to the
right stage, the University would have
an experimental flying field on its
campus.
Last Thursday, a committee of the
Palo Alto Chamber, aided and advised
by Capt. Stanford Moses, U.S.N., re
tired, commenced consideration of a
municipal airport. Among the 3ites
under consideration is a tract of the
campus over toward College Terrace.
The proposed airport is recom
mended by Dr. W. F. Durand and Pro
fessor E. P. Lesley, connected with
the University Aerodynamics Labora
tory. Professor Lesley says that the
airport would be a very material aid
to the University experiments in both
aerodynamics and aeronautics engi
neering.
Plans of the Palo Alto Chamber of
Commerce for the establishment of an
airport on the campus fits in with the
possibility discussed at the time of
the receipt of the Guggenheim
endowment of aeronautical research,
that the work in aviation might even
tually lead to an experimental flying
field.
At the time the Guggenheim endow
ment was received, it was considered
as a possibility by those interested
that at some future time, when ex
perimentation had advanced to the
right stage, the University would have
an experimental flying field on its
campus.
Last Thursday, a committee of the
Palo Alto Chamber, aided and advised
by Capt. Stanford Moses, U.S.N., re
tired, commenced consideration of a
municipal airport. Among the 3ites
under consideration is a tract of the
campus over toward College Terrace.
The proposed airport is recom
mended by Dr. W. F. Durand and Pro
fessor E. P. Lesley, connected with
the University Aerodynamics Labora
tory. Professor Lesley says that the
airport would be a very material aid
to the University experiments in both
aerodynamics and aeronautics engi
neering.
Plans of the Palo Alto Chamber of
Commerce for the establishment of an
airport on the campus fits in with the
possibility discussed at the time of
the receipt of the Guggenheim
endowment of aeronautical research,
that the work in aviation might even
tually lead to an experimental flying
field.
At the time the Guggenheim endow
ment was received, it was considered
as a possibility by those interested
that at some future time, when ex
perimentation had advanced to the
right stage, the University would have
an experimental flying field on its
campus.
Last Thursday, a committee of the
Palo Alto Chamber, aided and advised
by Capt. Stanford Moses, U.S.N., re
tired, commenced consideration of a
municipal airport. Among the 3ites
under consideration is a tract of the
campus over toward College Terrace.
The proposed airport is recom
mended by Dr. W. F. Durand and Pro
fessor E. P. Lesley, connected with
the University Aerodynamics Labora
tory. Professor Lesley says that the
airport would be a very material aid
to the University experiments in both
aerodynamics and aeronautics engi
neering.
Plans of the Palo Alto Chamber of
Commerce for the establishment of an
airport on the campus fits in with the
possibility discussed at the time of
the receipt of the Guggenheim
endowment of aeronautical research,
that the work in aviation might even
tually lead to an experimental flying
field.
At the time the Guggenheim endow
ment was received, it was considered
as a possibility by those interested
that at some future time, when ex
perimentation had advanced to the
right stage, the University would have
an experimental flying field on its
campus.
Last Thursday, a committee of the
Palo Alto Chamber, aided and advised
by Capt. Stanford Moses, U.S.N., re
tired, commenced consideration of a
municipal airport. Among the 3ites
under consideration is a tract of the
campus over toward College Terrace.
The proposed airport is recom
mended by Dr. W. F. Durand and Pro
fessor E. P. Lesley, connected with
the University Aerodynamics Labora
tory. Professor Lesley says that the
airport would be a very material aid
to the University experiments in both
aerodynamics and aeronautics engi
neering.
Plans of the Palo Alto Chamber of
Commerce for the establishment of an
airport on the campus fits in with the
possibility discussed at the time of
the receipt of the Guggenheim
endowment of aeronautical research,
that the work in aviation might even
tually lead to an experimental flying
field.
At the time the Guggenheim endow
ment was received, it was considered
as a possibility by those interested
that at some future time, when ex
perimentation had advanced to the
right stage, the University would have
an experimental flying field on its
campus.
Last Thursday, a committee of the
Palo Alto Chamber, aided and advised
by Capt. Stanford Moses, U.S.N., re
tired, commenced consideration of a
municipal airport. Among the 3ites
under consideration is a tract of the
campus over toward College Terrace.
The proposed airport is recom
mended by Dr. W. F. Durand and Pro
fessor E. P. Lesley, connected with
the University Aerodynamics Labora
tory. Professor Lesley says that the
airport would be a very material aid
to the University experiments in both
aerodynamics and aeronautics engi
neering.
Plans of the Palo Alto Chamber of
Commerce for the establishment of an
airport on the campus fits in with the
possibility discussed at the time of
the receipt of the Guggenheim
endowment of aeronautical research,
that the work in aviation might even
tually lead to an experimental flying
field.
At the time the Guggenheim endow
ment was received, it was considered
as a possibility by those interested
that at some future time, when ex
perimentation had advanced to the
right stage, the University would have
an experimental flying field on its
campus.
Last Thursday, a committee of the
Palo Alto Chamber, aided and advised
by Capt. Stanford Moses, U.S.N., re
tired, commenced consideration of a
municipal airport. Among the 3ites
under consideration is a tract of the
campus over toward College Terrace.
The proposed airport is recom
mended by Dr. W. F. Durand and Pro
fessor E. P. Lesley, connected with
the University Aerodynamics Labora
tory. Professor Lesley says that the
airport would be a very material aid
to the University experiments in both
aerodynamics and aeronautics engi
neering.
Plans of the Palo Alto Chamber of
Commerce for the establishment of an
airport on the campus fits in with the
possibility discussed at the time of
the receipt of the Guggenheim
endowment of aeronautical research,
that the work in aviation might even
tually lead to an experimental flying
field.
At the time the Guggenheim endow
ment was received, it was considered
as a possibility by those interested
that at some future time, when ex
perimentation had advanced to the
right stage, the University would have
an experimental flying field on its
campus.
Last Thursday, a committee of the
Palo Alto Chamber, aided and advised
by Capt. Stanford Moses, U.S.N., re
tired, commenced consideration of a
municipal airport. Among the 3ites
under consideration is a tract of the
campus over toward College Terrace.
The proposed airport is recom
mended by Dr. W. F. Durand and Pro
fessor E. P. Lesley, connected with
the University Aerodynamics Labora
tory. Professor Lesley says that the
airport would be a very material aid
to the University experiments in both
aerodynamics and aeronautics engi
neering.
Plans of the Palo Alto Chamber of
Commerce for the establishment of an
airport on the campus fits in with the
possibility discussed at the time of
the receipt of the Guggenheim
endowment of aeronautical research,
that the work in aviation might even
tually lead to an experimental flying
field.
At the time the Guggenheim endow
ment was received, it was considered
as a possibility by those interested
that at some future time, when ex
perimentation had advanced to the
right stage, the University would have
an experimental flying field on its
campus.
Last Thursday, a committee of the
Palo Alto Chamber, aided and advised
by Capt. Stanford Moses, U.S.N., re
tired, commenced consideration of a
municipal airport. Among the 3ites
under consideration is a tract of the
campus over toward College Terrace.
The proposed airport is recom
mended by Dr. W. F. Durand and Pro
fessor E. P. Lesley, connected with
the University Aerodynamics Labora
tory. Professor Lesley says that the
airport would be a very material aid
to the University experiments in both
aerodynamics and aeronautics engi
neering.
Plans of the Palo Alto Chamber of
Commerce for the establishment of an
airport on the campus fits in with the
possibility discussed at the time of
the receipt of the Guggenheim
endowment of aeronautical research,
that the work in aviation might even
tually lead to an experimental flying
field.
At the time the Guggenheim endow
ment was received, it was considered
as a possibility by those interested
that at some future time, when ex
perimentation had advanced to the
right stage, the University would have
an experimental flying field on its
campus.
Last Thursday, a committee of the
Palo Alto Chamber, aided and advised
by Capt. Stanford Moses, U.S.N., re
tired, commenced consideration of a
municipal airport. Among the 3ites
under consideration is a tract of the
campus over toward College Terrace.
The proposed airport is recom
mended by Dr. W. F. Durand and Pro
fessor E. P. Lesley, connected with
the University Aerodynamics Labora
tory. Professor Lesley says that the
airport would be a very material aid
to the University experiments in both
aerodynamics and aeronautics engi
neering.
Plans of the Palo Alto Chamber of
Commerce for the establishment of an
airport on the campus fits in with the
possibility discussed at the time of
the receipt of the Guggenheim
endowment of aeronautical research,
that the work in aviation might even
tually lead to an experimental flying
field.
At the time the Guggenheim endow
ment was received, it was considered
as a possibility by those interested
that at some future time, when ex
perimentation had advanced to the
right stage, the University would have
an experimental flying field on its
campus.
Last Thursday, a committee of the
Palo Alto Chamber, aided and advised
by Capt. Stanford Moses, U.S.N., re
tired, commenced consideration of a
municipal airport. Among the 3ites
under consideration is a tract of the
campus over toward College Terrace.
The proposed airport is recom
mended by Dr. W. F. Durand and Pro
fessor E. P. Lesley, connected with
the University Aerodynamics Labora
tory. Professor Lesley says that the
airport would be a very material aid
to the University experiments in both
aerodynamics and aeronautics engi
neering.
Plans of the Palo Alto Chamber of
Commerce for the establishment of an
airport on the campus fits in with the
possibility discussed at the time of
the receipt of the Guggenheim
endowment of aeronautical research,
that the work in aviation might even
tually lead to an experimental flying
field.
At the time the Guggenheim endow
ment was received, it was considered
as a possibility by those interested
that at some future time, when ex
perimentation had advanced to the
right stage, the University would have
an experimental flying field on its
campus.
Last Thursday, a committee of the
Palo Alto Chamber, aided and advised
by Capt. Stanford Moses, U.S.N., re
tired, commenced consideration of a
municipal airport. Among the 3ites
under consideration is a tract of the
campus over toward College Terrace.
The proposed airport is recom
mended by Dr. W. F. Durand and Pro
fessor E. P. Lesley, connected with
the University Aerodynamics Labora
tory. Professor Lesley says that the
airport would be a very material aid
to the University experiments in both
aerodynamics and aeronautics engi
neering.
Plans of the Palo Alto Chamber of
Commerce for the establishment of an
airport on the campus fits in with the
possibility discussed at the time of
the receipt of the Guggenheim
endowment of aeronautical research,
that the work in aviation might even
tually lead to an experimental flying
field.
At the time the Guggenheim endow
ment was received, it was considered
as a possibility by those interested
that at some future time, when ex
perimentation had advanced to the
right stage, the University would have
an experimental flying field on its
campus.
Last Thursday, a committee of the
Palo Alto Chamber, aided and advised
by Capt. Stanford Moses, U.S.N., re
tired, commenced consideration of a
municipal airport. Among the 3ites
under consideration is a tract of the
campus over toward College Terrace.
The proposed airport is recom
mended by Dr. W. F. Durand and Pro
fessor E. P. Lesley, connected with
the University Aerodynamics Labora
tory. Professor Lesley says that the
airport would be a very material aid
to the University experiments in both
aerodynamics and aeronautics engi
neering.
Plans of the Palo Alto Chamber of
Commerce for the establishment of an
airport on the campus fits in with the
possibility discussed at the time of
the receipt of the Guggenheim
endowment of aeronautical research,
that the work in aviation might even
tually lead to an experimental flying
field.
At the time the Guggenheim endow
ment was received, it was considered
as a possibility by those interested
that at some future time, when ex
perimentation had advanced to the
right stage, the University would have
an experimental flying field on its
campus.
Last Thursday, a committee of the
Palo Alto Chamber, aided and advised
by Capt. Stanford Moses, U.S.N., re
tired, commenced consideration of a
municipal airport. Among the 3ites
under consideration is a tract of the
campus over toward College Terrace.
The proposed airport is recom
mended by Dr. W. F. Durand and Pro
fessor E. P. Lesley, connected with
the University Aerodynamics Labora
tory. Professor Lesley says that the
airport would be a very material aid
to the University experiments in both
aerodynamics and aeronautics engi
neering.
Plans of the Palo Alto Chamber of
Commerce for the establishment of an
airport on the campus fits in with the
possibility discussed at the time of
the receipt of the Guggenheim
endowment of aeronautical research,
that the work in aviation might even
tually lead to an experimental flying
field.
At the time the Guggenheim endow
ment was received, it was considered
as a possibility by those interested
that at some future time, when ex
perimentation had advanced to the
right stage, the University would have
an experimental flying field on its
campus.
Last Thursday, a committee of the
Palo Alto Chamber, aided and advised
by Capt. Stanford Moses, U.S.N., re
tired, commenced consideration of a
municipal airport. Among the 3ites
under consideration is a tract of the
campus over toward College Terrace.
The proposed airport is recom
mended by Dr. W. F. Durand and Pro
fessor E. P. Lesley, connected with
the University Aerodynamics Labora
tory. Professor Lesley says that the
airport would be a very material aid
to the University experiments in both
aerodynamics and aeronautics engi
neering.
Plans of the Palo Alto Chamber of
Commerce for the establishment of an
airport on the campus fits in with the
possibility discussed at the time of
the receipt of the Guggenheim
endowment of aeronautical research,
that the work in aviation might even
tually lead to an experimental flying
field.
At the time the Guggenheim endow
ment was received, it was considered
as a possibility by those interested
that at some future time, when ex
perimentation had advanced to the
right stage, the University would have
an experimental flying field on its
campus.
Last Thursday, a committee of the
Palo Alto Chamber, aided and advised
by Capt. Stanford Moses, U.S.N., re
tired, commenced consideration of a
municipal airport. Among the 3ites
under consideration is a tract of the
campus over toward College Terrace.
The proposed airport is recom
mended by Dr. W. F. Durand and Pro
fessor E. P. Lesley, connected with
the University Aerodynamics Labora
tory. Professor Lesley says that the
airport would be a very material aid
to the University experiments in both
aerodynamics and aeronautics engi
neering.
