# Chicago Law School Dean Leaves California for East
## 
### 
Dean James P. Hall of the Univer
sity of Chicago Law Sehool, who vis
ited the Law School here last week,
leaves San Francisco for New York
via the Panama canal this week.
Dean Hall, who is a graduate of
Cornell and Harvard, has been at the
University of Chicago since 1902 and
has been Dean of the Law Sehool
there since 1904. Before going to
Chicago, Dean Hall was associate pro
fessor of law at Stanford 1900-02.
Dean James P. Hall of the Univer
sity of Chicago Law Sehool, who vis
ited the Law School here last week,
leaves San Francisco for New York
via the Panama canal this week.
Dean Hall, who is a graduate of
Cornell and Harvard, has been at the
University of Chicago since 1902 and
has been Dean of the Law Sehool
there since 1904. Before going to
Chicago, Dean Hall was associate pro
fessor of law at Stanford 1900-02.
Dean James P. Hall of the Univer
sity of Chicago Law Sehool, who vis
ited the Law School here last week,
leaves San Francisco for New York
via the Panama canal this week.
Dean Hall, who is a graduate of
Cornell and Harvard, has been at the
University of Chicago since 1902 and
has been Dean of the Law Sehool
there since 1904. Before going to
Chicago, Dean Hall was associate pro
fessor of law at Stanford 1900-02.
Dean James P. Hall of the Univer
sity of Chicago Law Sehool, who vis
ited the Law School here last week,
leaves San Francisco for New York
via the Panama canal this week.
Dean Hall, who is a graduate of
Cornell and Harvard, has been at the
University of Chicago since 1902 and
has been Dean of the Law Sehool
there since 1904. Before going to
Chicago, Dean Hall was associate pro
fessor of law at Stanford 1900-02.
Dean James P. Hall of the Univer
sity of Chicago Law Sehool, who vis
ited the Law School here last week,
leaves San Francisco for New York
via the Panama canal this week.
Dean Hall, who is a graduate of
Cornell and Harvard, has been at the
University of Chicago since 1902 and
has been Dean of the Law Sehool
there since 1904. Before going to
Chicago, Dean Hall was associate pro
fessor of law at Stanford 1900-02.
Dean James P. Hall of the Univer
sity of Chicago Law Sehool, who vis
ited the Law School here last week,
leaves San Francisco for New York
via the Panama canal this week.
Dean Hall, who is a graduate of
Cornell and Harvard, has been at the
University of Chicago since 1902 and
has been Dean of the Law Sehool
there since 1904. Before going to
Chicago, Dean Hall was associate pro
fessor of law at Stanford 1900-02.
Dean James P. Hall of the Univer
sity of Chicago Law Sehool, who vis
ited the Law School here last week,
leaves San Francisco for New York
via the Panama canal this week.
Dean Hall, who is a graduate of
Cornell and Harvard, has been at the
University of Chicago since 1902 and
has been Dean of the Law Sehool
there since 1904. Before going to
Chicago, Dean Hall was associate pro
fessor of law at Stanford 1900-02.
Dean James P. Hall of the Univer
sity of Chicago Law Sehool, who vis
ited the Law School here last week,
leaves San Francisco for New York
via the Panama canal this week.
Dean Hall, who is a graduate of
Cornell and Harvard, has been at the
University of Chicago since 1902 and
has been Dean of the Law Sehool
there since 1904. Before going to
Chicago, Dean Hall was associate pro
fessor of law at Stanford 1900-02.
Dean James P. Hall of the Univer
sity of Chicago Law Sehool, who vis
ited the Law School here last week,
leaves San Francisco for New York
via the Panama canal this week.
Dean Hall, who is a graduate of
Cornell and Harvard, has been at the
University of Chicago since 1902 and
has been Dean of the Law Sehool
there since 1904. Before going to
Chicago, Dean Hall was associate pro
fessor of law at Stanford 1900-02.
Dean James P. Hall of the Univer
sity of Chicago Law Sehool, who vis
ited the Law School here last week,
leaves San Francisco for New York
via the Panama canal this week.
Dean Hall, who is a graduate of
Cornell and Harvard, has been at the
University of Chicago since 1902 and
has been Dean of the Law Sehool
there since 1904. Before going to
Chicago, Dean Hall was associate pro
fessor of law at Stanford 1900-02.
Dean James P. Hall of the Univer
sity of Chicago Law Sehool, who vis
ited the Law School here last week,
leaves San Francisco for New York
via the Panama canal this week.
Dean Hall, who is a graduate of
Cornell and Harvard, has been at the
University of Chicago since 1902 and
has been Dean of the Law Sehool
there since 1904. Before going to
Chicago, Dean Hall was associate pro
fessor of law at Stanford 1900-02.
Dean James P. Hall of the Univer
sity of Chicago Law Sehool, who vis
ited the Law School here last week,
leaves San Francisco for New York
via the Panama canal this week.
Dean Hall, who is a graduate of
Cornell and Harvard, has been at the
University of Chicago since 1902 and
has been Dean of the Law Sehool
there since 1904. Before going to
Chicago, Dean Hall was associate pro
fessor of law at Stanford 1900-02.
Dean James P. Hall of the Univer
sity of Chicago Law Sehool, who vis
ited the Law School here last week,
leaves San Francisco for New York
via the Panama canal this week.
Dean Hall, who is a graduate of
Cornell and Harvard, has been at the
University of Chicago since 1902 and
has been Dean of the Law Sehool
there since 1904. Before going to
Chicago, Dean Hall was associate pro
fessor of law at Stanford 1900-02.
Dean James P. Hall of the Univer
sity of Chicago Law Sehool, who vis
ited the Law School here last week,
leaves San Francisco for New York
via the Panama canal this week.
Dean Hall, who is a graduate of
Cornell and Harvard, has been at the
University of Chicago since 1902 and
has been Dean of the Law Sehool
there since 1904. Before going to
Chicago, Dean Hall was associate pro
fessor of law at Stanford 1900-02.
Dean James P. Hall of the Univer
sity of Chicago Law Sehool, who vis
ited the Law School here last week,
leaves San Francisco for New York
via the Panama canal this week.
Dean Hall, who is a graduate of
Cornell and Harvard, has been at the
University of Chicago since 1902 and
has been Dean of the Law Sehool
there since 1904. Before going to
Chicago, Dean Hall was associate pro
fessor of law at Stanford 1900-02.
