# Ram's Head Chorus Girl
## 
### 

Not Stanislaus Cyganieczy Zybyzko,
but a nifty Ram's Head "Chorus
Lady."

Not Stanislaus Cyganieczy Zybyzko,
but a nifty Ram's Head "Chorus
Lady."

Not Stanislaus Cyganieczy Zybyzko,
but a nifty Ram's Head "Chorus
Lady."

Not Stanislaus Cyganieczy Zybyzko,
but a nifty Ram's Head "Chorus
Lady."

Not Stanislaus Cyganieczy Zybyzko,
but a nifty Ram's Head "Chorus
Lady."

Not Stanislaus Cyganieczy Zybyzko,
but a nifty Ram's Head "Chorus
Lady."

Not Stanislaus Cyganieczy Zybyzko,
but a nifty Ram's Head "Chorus
Lady."

Not Stanislaus Cyganieczy Zybyzko,
but a nifty Ram's Head "Chorus
Lady."

Not Stanislaus Cyganieczy Zybyzko,
but a nifty Ram's Head "Chorus
Lady."

Not Stanislaus Cyganieczy Zybyzko,
but a nifty Ram's Head "Chorus
Lady."

Not Stanislaus Cyganieczy Zybyzko,
but a nifty Ram's Head "Chorus
Lady."

Not Stanislaus Cyganieczy Zybyzko,
but a nifty Ram's Head "Chorus
Lady."

Not Stanislaus Cyganieczy Zybyzko,
but a nifty Ram's Head "Chorus
Lady."
