# ENGINEERS TO HEAR TALKS BY STANFORD GRADUATE TONIGHT
## 
### 
"What the Public Expects of the Col
lege Engineer" will be the topic of an
address by W. W. Henley, '05, to' the
local M. E. Society tonight. Henley,
who is now consulting engineer for the
Western Gas Engine Company, will tell
of the problems that graduates may ex
pect to encounter upon entering public
life. The speaker is well qualified to
speak on this subject, having had the
experience of a varied career as a col
lege engineer.
The address tonight is a part of the
regular meeting program, but will be
open to all students interested in the
lecture. The meeting will be held in
the Engineering Building at 7:30.
"What the Public Expects of the Col
lege Engineer" will be the topic of an
address by W. W. Henley, '05, to' the
local M. E. Society tonight. Henley,
who is now consulting engineer for the
Western Gas Engine Company, will tell
of the problems that graduates may ex
pect to encounter upon entering public
life. The speaker is well qualified to
speak on this subject, having had the
experience of a varied career as a col
lege engineer.
The address tonight is a part of the
regular meeting program, but will be
open to all students interested in the
lecture. The meeting will be held in
the Engineering Building at 7:30.
"What the Public Expects of the Col
lege Engineer" will be the topic of an
address by W. W. Henley, '05, to' the
local M. E. Society tonight. Henley,
who is now consulting engineer for the
Western Gas Engine Company, will tell
of the problems that graduates may ex
pect to encounter upon entering public
life. The speaker is well qualified to
speak on this subject, having had the
experience of a varied career as a col
lege engineer.
The address tonight is a part of the
regular meeting program, but will be
open to all students interested in the
lecture. The meeting will be held in
the Engineering Building at 7:30.
"What the Public Expects of the Col
lege Engineer" will be the topic of an
address by W. W. Henley, '05, to' the
local M. E. Society tonight. Henley,
who is now consulting engineer for the
Western Gas Engine Company, will tell
of the problems that graduates may ex
pect to encounter upon entering public
life. The speaker is well qualified to
speak on this subject, having had the
experience of a varied career as a col
lege engineer.
The address tonight is a part of the
regular meeting program, but will be
open to all students interested in the
lecture. The meeting will be held in
the Engineering Building at 7:30.
"What the Public Expects of the Col
lege Engineer" will be the topic of an
address by W. W. Henley, '05, to' the
local M. E. Society tonight. Henley,
who is now consulting engineer for the
Western Gas Engine Company, will tell
of the problems that graduates may ex
pect to encounter upon entering public
life. The speaker is well qualified to
speak on this subject, having had the
experience of a varied career as a col
lege engineer.
The address tonight is a part of the
regular meeting program, but will be
open to all students interested in the
lecture. The meeting will be held in
the Engineering Building at 7:30.
"What the Public Expects of the Col
lege Engineer" will be the topic of an
address by W. W. Henley, '05, to' the
local M. E. Society tonight. Henley,
who is now consulting engineer for the
Western Gas Engine Company, will tell
of the problems that graduates may ex
pect to encounter upon entering public
life. The speaker is well qualified to
speak on this subject, having had the
experience of a varied career as a col
lege engineer.
The address tonight is a part of the
regular meeting program, but will be
open to all students interested in the
lecture. The meeting will be held in
the Engineering Building at 7:30.
"What the Public Expects of the Col
lege Engineer" will be the topic of an
address by W. W. Henley, '05, to' the
local M. E. Society tonight. Henley,
who is now consulting engineer for the
Western Gas Engine Company, will tell
of the problems that graduates may ex
pect to encounter upon entering public
life. The speaker is well qualified to
speak on this subject, having had the
experience of a varied career as a col
lege engineer.
The address tonight is a part of the
regular meeting program, but will be
open to all students interested in the
lecture. The meeting will be held in
the Engineering Building at 7:30.
"What the Public Expects of the Col
lege Engineer" will be the topic of an
address by W. W. Henley, '05, to' the
local M. E. Society tonight. Henley,
who is now consulting engineer for the
Western Gas Engine Company, will tell
of the problems that graduates may ex
pect to encounter upon entering public
life. The speaker is well qualified to
speak on this subject, having had the
experience of a varied career as a col
lege engineer.
The address tonight is a part of the
regular meeting program, but will be
open to all students interested in the
lecture. The meeting will be held in
the Engineering Building at 7:30.
"What the Public Expects of the Col
lege Engineer" will be the topic of an
address by W. W. Henley, '05, to' the
local M. E. Society tonight. Henley,
who is now consulting engineer for the
Western Gas Engine Company, will tell
of the problems that graduates may ex
pect to encounter upon entering public
life. The speaker is well qualified to
speak on this subject, having had the
experience of a varied career as a col
lege engineer.
The address tonight is a part of the
regular meeting program, but will be
open to all students interested in the
lecture. The meeting will be held in
the Engineering Building at 7:30.
"What the Public Expects of the Col
lege Engineer" will be the topic of an
address by W. W. Henley, '05, to' the
local M. E. Society tonight. Henley,
who is now consulting engineer for the
Western Gas Engine Company, will tell
of the problems that graduates may ex
pect to encounter upon entering public
life. The speaker is well qualified to
speak on this subject, having had the
experience of a varied career as a col
lege engineer.
The address tonight is a part of the
regular meeting program, but will be
open to all students interested in the
lecture. The meeting will be held in
the Engineering Building at 7:30.
"What the Public Expects of the Col
lege Engineer" will be the topic of an
address by W. W. Henley, '05, to' the
local M. E. Society tonight. Henley,
who is now consulting engineer for the
Western Gas Engine Company, will tell
of the problems that graduates may ex
pect to encounter upon entering public
life. The speaker is well qualified to
speak on this subject, having had the
experience of a varied career as a col
lege engineer.
The address tonight is a part of the
regular meeting program, but will be
open to all students interested in the
lecture. The meeting will be held in
the Engineering Building at 7:30.
"What the Public Expects of the Col
lege Engineer" will be the topic of an
address by W. W. Henley, '05, to' the
local M. E. Society tonight. Henley,
who is now consulting engineer for the
Western Gas Engine Company, will tell
of the problems that graduates may ex
pect to encounter upon entering public
life. The speaker is well qualified to
speak on this subject, having had the
experience of a varied career as a col
lege engineer.
The address tonight is a part of the
regular meeting program, but will be
open to all students interested in the
lecture. The meeting will be held in
the Engineering Building at 7:30.
"What the Public Expects of the Col
lege Engineer" will be the topic of an
address by W. W. Henley, '05, to' the
local M. E. Society tonight. Henley,
who is now consulting engineer for the
Western Gas Engine Company, will tell
of the problems that graduates may ex
pect to encounter upon entering public
life. The speaker is well qualified to
speak on this subject, having had the
experience of a varied career as a col
lege engineer.
The address tonight is a part of the
regular meeting program, but will be
open to all students interested in the
lecture. The meeting will be held in
the Engineering Building at 7:30.
