# RESERVED SEAT SALE FOR BERKELEY GAME CLOSES TOMORROW
## 
### 
Stanford basketball fans will be given
another chance to procure pasteboards
for the first game with the Bruin aggre
gation in Berkeley tomorrow pfternoon.
The tickets will be on sale for the last
jime in the ticket booth it] Adminis
tration Building between 2 and 4 o
The price is 35 cents to holders of stu
dent body cards.
i here are but a few of the original
four hundred reserved checks left, and
it behooves those who are going to gfct
in line early.
Stanford basketball fans will be given
another chance to procure pasteboards
for the first game with the Bruin aggre
gation in Berkeley tomorrow pfternoon.
The tickets will be on sale for the last
jime in the ticket booth it] Adminis
tration Building between 2 and 4 o
The price is 35 cents to holders of stu
dent body cards.
i here are but a few of the original
four hundred reserved checks left, and
it behooves those who are going to gfct
in line early.
Stanford basketball fans will be given
another chance to procure pasteboards
for the first game with the Bruin aggre
gation in Berkeley tomorrow pfternoon.
The tickets will be on sale for the last
jime in the ticket booth it] Adminis
tration Building between 2 and 4 o
The price is 35 cents to holders of stu
dent body cards.
i here are but a few of the original
four hundred reserved checks left, and
it behooves those who are going to gfct
in line early.
Stanford basketball fans will be given
another chance to procure pasteboards
for the first game with the Bruin aggre
gation in Berkeley tomorrow pfternoon.
The tickets will be on sale for the last
jime in the ticket booth it] Adminis
tration Building between 2 and 4 o
The price is 35 cents to holders of stu
dent body cards.
i here are but a few of the original
four hundred reserved checks left, and
it behooves those who are going to gfct
in line early.
Stanford basketball fans will be given
another chance to procure pasteboards
for the first game with the Bruin aggre
gation in Berkeley tomorrow pfternoon.
The tickets will be on sale for the last
jime in the ticket booth it] Adminis
tration Building between 2 and 4 o
The price is 35 cents to holders of stu
dent body cards.
i here are but a few of the original
four hundred reserved checks left, and
it behooves those who are going to gfct
in line early.
Stanford basketball fans will be given
another chance to procure pasteboards
for the first game with the Bruin aggre
gation in Berkeley tomorrow pfternoon.
The tickets will be on sale for the last
jime in the ticket booth it] Adminis
tration Building between 2 and 4 o
The price is 35 cents to holders of stu
dent body cards.
i here are but a few of the original
four hundred reserved checks left, and
it behooves those who are going to gfct
in line early.
Stanford basketball fans will be given
another chance to procure pasteboards
for the first game with the Bruin aggre
gation in Berkeley tomorrow pfternoon.
The tickets will be on sale for the last
jime in the ticket booth it] Adminis
tration Building between 2 and 4 o
The price is 35 cents to holders of stu
dent body cards.
i here are but a few of the original
four hundred reserved checks left, and
it behooves those who are going to gfct
in line early.
Stanford basketball fans will be given
another chance to procure pasteboards
for the first game with the Bruin aggre
gation in Berkeley tomorrow pfternoon.
The tickets will be on sale for the last
jime in the ticket booth it] Adminis
tration Building between 2 and 4 o
The price is 35 cents to holders of stu
dent body cards.
i here are but a few of the original
four hundred reserved checks left, and
it behooves those who are going to gfct
in line early.
Stanford basketball fans will be given
another chance to procure pasteboards
for the first game with the Bruin aggre
gation in Berkeley tomorrow pfternoon.
The tickets will be on sale for the last
jime in the ticket booth it] Adminis
tration Building between 2 and 4 o
The price is 35 cents to holders of stu
dent body cards.
i here are but a few of the original
four hundred reserved checks left, and
it behooves those who are going to gfct
in line early.
Stanford basketball fans will be given
another chance to procure pasteboards
for the first game with the Bruin aggre
gation in Berkeley tomorrow pfternoon.
The tickets will be on sale for the last
jime in the ticket booth it] Adminis
tration Building between 2 and 4 o
The price is 35 cents to holders of stu
dent body cards.
i here are but a few of the original
four hundred reserved checks left, and
it behooves those who are going to gfct
in line early.
Stanford basketball fans will be given
another chance to procure pasteboards
for the first game with the Bruin aggre
gation in Berkeley tomorrow pfternoon.
The tickets will be on sale for the last
jime in the ticket booth it] Adminis
tration Building between 2 and 4 o
The price is 35 cents to holders of stu
dent body cards.
i here are but a few of the original
four hundred reserved checks left, and
it behooves those who are going to gfct
in line early.
Stanford basketball fans will be given
another chance to procure pasteboards
for the first game with the Bruin aggre
gation in Berkeley tomorrow pfternoon.
The tickets will be on sale for the last
jime in the ticket booth it] Adminis
tration Building between 2 and 4 o
The price is 35 cents to holders of stu
dent body cards.
i here are but a few of the original
four hundred reserved checks left, and
it behooves those who are going to gfct
in line early.
Stanford basketball fans will be given
another chance to procure pasteboards
for the first game with the Bruin aggre
gation in Berkeley tomorrow pfternoon.
The tickets will be on sale for the last
jime in the ticket booth it] Adminis
tration Building between 2 and 4 o
The price is 35 cents to holders of stu
dent body cards.
i here are but a few of the original
four hundred reserved checks left, and
it behooves those who are going to gfct
in line early.
