# Adv. 25 Page 5
## 
### 
BEST SELLER
THE
ARROW
OXFORD SHIRT
College men like its easy
Etyle and durable qual
ity. Presented in exclu
sive patterns — 5 collar
styles. Sanforized
shrunk.
ARROW anll'lYd
lffiiSetnattft
PALO ALTO
BEST SELLER
THE
ARROW
OXFORD SHIRT
College men like its easy
Etyle and durable qual
ity. Presented in exclu
sive patterns — 5 collar
styles. Sanforized
shrunk.
ARROW anll'lYd
lffiiSetnattft
PALO ALTO
BEST SELLER
THE
ARROW
OXFORD SHIRT
College men like its easy
Etyle and durable qual
ity. Presented in exclu
sive patterns — 5 collar
styles. Sanforized
shrunk.
ARROW anll'lYd
lffiiSetnattft
PALO ALTO
BEST SELLER
THE
ARROW
OXFORD SHIRT
College men like its easy
Etyle and durable qual
ity. Presented in exclu
sive patterns — 5 collar
styles. Sanforized
shrunk.
ARROW anll'lYd
lffiiSetnattft
PALO ALTO
BEST SELLER
THE
ARROW
OXFORD SHIRT
College men like its easy
Etyle and durable qual
ity. Presented in exclu
sive patterns — 5 collar
styles. Sanforized
shrunk.
ARROW anll'lYd
lffiiSetnattft
PALO ALTO
BEST SELLER
THE
ARROW
OXFORD SHIRT
College men like its easy
Etyle and durable qual
ity. Presented in exclu
sive patterns — 5 collar
styles. Sanforized
shrunk.
ARROW anll'lYd
lffiiSetnattft
PALO ALTO
BEST SELLER
THE
ARROW
OXFORD SHIRT
College men like its easy
Etyle and durable qual
ity. Presented in exclu
sive patterns — 5 collar
styles. Sanforized
shrunk.
ARROW anll'lYd
lffiiSetnattft
PALO ALTO
BEST SELLER
THE
ARROW
OXFORD SHIRT
College men like its easy
Etyle and durable qual
ity. Presented in exclu
sive patterns — 5 collar
styles. Sanforized
shrunk.
ARROW anll'lYd
lffiiSetnattft
PALO ALTO
BEST SELLER
THE
ARROW
OXFORD SHIRT
College men like its easy
Etyle and durable qual
ity. Presented in exclu
sive patterns — 5 collar
styles. Sanforized
shrunk.
ARROW anll'lYd
lffiiSetnattft
PALO ALTO
BEST SELLER
THE
ARROW
OXFORD SHIRT
College men like its easy
Etyle and durable qual
ity. Presented in exclu
sive patterns — 5 collar
styles. Sanforized
shrunk.
ARROW anll'lYd
lffiiSetnattft
PALO ALTO
BEST SELLER
THE
ARROW
OXFORD SHIRT
College men like its easy
Etyle and durable qual
ity. Presented in exclu
sive patterns — 5 collar
styles. Sanforized
shrunk.
ARROW anll'lYd
lffiiSetnattft
PALO ALTO
BEST SELLER
THE
ARROW
OXFORD SHIRT
College men like its easy
Etyle and durable qual
ity. Presented in exclu
sive patterns — 5 collar
styles. Sanforized
shrunk.
ARROW anll'lYd
lffiiSetnattft
PALO ALTO
BEST SELLER
THE
ARROW
OXFORD SHIRT
College men like its easy
Etyle and durable qual
ity. Presented in exclu
sive patterns — 5 collar
styles. Sanforized
shrunk.
ARROW anll'lYd
lffiiSetnattft
PALO ALTO
BEST SELLER
THE
ARROW
OXFORD SHIRT
College men like its easy
Etyle and durable qual
ity. Presented in exclu
sive patterns — 5 collar
styles. Sanforized
shrunk.
ARROW anll'lYd
lffiiSetnattft
PALO ALTO
BEST SELLER
THE
ARROW
OXFORD SHIRT
College men like its easy
Etyle and durable qual
ity. Presented in exclu
sive patterns — 5 collar
styles. Sanforized
shrunk.
ARROW anll'lYd
lffiiSetnattft
PALO ALTO
BEST SELLER
THE
ARROW
OXFORD SHIRT
College men like its easy
Etyle and durable qual
ity. Presented in exclu
sive patterns — 5 collar
styles. Sanforized
shrunk.
ARROW anll'lYd
lffiiSetnattft
PALO ALTO
