# Denver Five Out Of Hoop Playoffs
## 
### 
NEW YORK, April 2 (/P).—The
American Olympic basketball com
mittee today upheld the decision
that barred the Denver Safeways
from competing in the Olympic
tournament opening in Madison
Square Garden tomorrow night.
The Safeways, winners of the Na
tional U.M.C.A. tournament, were
declared ineligible yesterday.
NEW YORK, April 2 (/P).—The
American Olympic basketball com
mittee today upheld the decision
that barred the Denver Safeways
from competing in the Olympic
tournament opening in Madison
Square Garden tomorrow night.
The Safeways, winners of the Na
tional U.M.C.A. tournament, were
declared ineligible yesterday.
NEW YORK, April 2 (/P).—The
American Olympic basketball com
mittee today upheld the decision
that barred the Denver Safeways
from competing in the Olympic
tournament opening in Madison
Square Garden tomorrow night.
The Safeways, winners of the Na
tional U.M.C.A. tournament, were
declared ineligible yesterday.
NEW YORK, April 2 (/P).—The
American Olympic basketball com
mittee today upheld the decision
that barred the Denver Safeways
from competing in the Olympic
tournament opening in Madison
Square Garden tomorrow night.
The Safeways, winners of the Na
tional U.M.C.A. tournament, were
declared ineligible yesterday.
NEW YORK, April 2 (/P).—The
American Olympic basketball com
mittee today upheld the decision
that barred the Denver Safeways
from competing in the Olympic
tournament opening in Madison
Square Garden tomorrow night.
The Safeways, winners of the Na
tional U.M.C.A. tournament, were
declared ineligible yesterday.
NEW YORK, April 2 (/P).—The
American Olympic basketball com
mittee today upheld the decision
that barred the Denver Safeways
from competing in the Olympic
tournament opening in Madison
Square Garden tomorrow night.
The Safeways, winners of the Na
tional U.M.C.A. tournament, were
declared ineligible yesterday.
NEW YORK, April 2 (/P).—The
American Olympic basketball com
mittee today upheld the decision
that barred the Denver Safeways
from competing in the Olympic
tournament opening in Madison
Square Garden tomorrow night.
The Safeways, winners of the Na
tional U.M.C.A. tournament, were
declared ineligible yesterday.
NEW YORK, April 2 (/P).—The
American Olympic basketball com
mittee today upheld the decision
that barred the Denver Safeways
from competing in the Olympic
tournament opening in Madison
Square Garden tomorrow night.
The Safeways, winners of the Na
tional U.M.C.A. tournament, were
declared ineligible yesterday.
NEW YORK, April 2 (/P).—The
American Olympic basketball com
mittee today upheld the decision
that barred the Denver Safeways
from competing in the Olympic
tournament opening in Madison
Square Garden tomorrow night.
The Safeways, winners of the Na
tional U.M.C.A. tournament, were
declared ineligible yesterday.
NEW YORK, April 2 (/P).—The
American Olympic basketball com
mittee today upheld the decision
that barred the Denver Safeways
from competing in the Olympic
tournament opening in Madison
Square Garden tomorrow night.
The Safeways, winners of the Na
tional U.M.C.A. tournament, were
declared ineligible yesterday.
NEW YORK, April 2 (/P).—The
American Olympic basketball com
mittee today upheld the decision
that barred the Denver Safeways
from competing in the Olympic
tournament opening in Madison
Square Garden tomorrow night.
The Safeways, winners of the Na
tional U.M.C.A. tournament, were
declared ineligible yesterday.
NEW YORK, April 2 (/P).—The
American Olympic basketball com
mittee today upheld the decision
that barred the Denver Safeways
from competing in the Olympic
tournament opening in Madison
Square Garden tomorrow night.
The Safeways, winners of the Na
tional U.M.C.A. tournament, were
declared ineligible yesterday.
NEW YORK, April 2 (/P).—The
American Olympic basketball com
mittee today upheld the decision
that barred the Denver Safeways
from competing in the Olympic
tournament opening in Madison
Square Garden tomorrow night.
The Safeways, winners of the Na
tional U.M.C.A. tournament, were
declared ineligible yesterday.
NEW YORK, April 2 (/P).—The
American Olympic basketball com
mittee today upheld the decision
that barred the Denver Safeways
from competing in the Olympic
tournament opening in Madison
Square Garden tomorrow night.
The Safeways, winners of the Na
tional U.M.C.A. tournament, were
declared ineligible yesterday.
NEW YORK, April 2 (/P).—The
American Olympic basketball com
mittee today upheld the decision
that barred the Denver Safeways
from competing in the Olympic
tournament opening in Madison
Square Garden tomorrow night.
The Safeways, winners of the Na
tional U.M.C.A. tournament, were
declared ineligible yesterday.
NEW YORK, April 2 (/P).—The
American Olympic basketball com
mittee today upheld the decision
that barred the Denver Safeways
from competing in the Olympic
tournament opening in Madison
Square Garden tomorrow night.
The Safeways, winners of the Na
tional U.M.C.A. tournament, were
declared ineligible yesterday.
