# DOGS KILL 80 SHEEP
## 
### 
SANTA ROSA, April 2 (A 1 ). —
Killer Hogs led by a huge German
shepherd slaughtered more than 80
sheep and lambs on the Spreckels
ranch in Sonoma Valley, county
Poundmaster Homer Cake reported
today as he began a hunt for the
animals.
SANTA ROSA, April 2 (A 1 ). —
Killer Hogs led by a huge German
shepherd slaughtered more than 80
sheep and lambs on the Spreckels
ranch in Sonoma Valley, county
Poundmaster Homer Cake reported
today as he began a hunt for the
animals.
SANTA ROSA, April 2 (A 1 ). —
Killer Hogs led by a huge German
shepherd slaughtered more than 80
sheep and lambs on the Spreckels
ranch in Sonoma Valley, county
Poundmaster Homer Cake reported
today as he began a hunt for the
animals.
SANTA ROSA, April 2 (A 1 ). —
Killer Hogs led by a huge German
shepherd slaughtered more than 80
sheep and lambs on the Spreckels
ranch in Sonoma Valley, county
Poundmaster Homer Cake reported
today as he began a hunt for the
animals.
SANTA ROSA, April 2 (A 1 ). —
Killer Hogs led by a huge German
shepherd slaughtered more than 80
sheep and lambs on the Spreckels
ranch in Sonoma Valley, county
Poundmaster Homer Cake reported
today as he began a hunt for the
animals.
SANTA ROSA, April 2 (A 1 ). —
Killer Hogs led by a huge German
shepherd slaughtered more than 80
sheep and lambs on the Spreckels
ranch in Sonoma Valley, county
Poundmaster Homer Cake reported
today as he began a hunt for the
animals.
SANTA ROSA, April 2 (A 1 ). —
Killer Hogs led by a huge German
shepherd slaughtered more than 80
sheep and lambs on the Spreckels
ranch in Sonoma Valley, county
Poundmaster Homer Cake reported
today as he began a hunt for the
animals.
SANTA ROSA, April 2 (A 1 ). —
Killer Hogs led by a huge German
shepherd slaughtered more than 80
sheep and lambs on the Spreckels
ranch in Sonoma Valley, county
Poundmaster Homer Cake reported
today as he began a hunt for the
animals.
SANTA ROSA, April 2 (A 1 ). —
Killer Hogs led by a huge German
shepherd slaughtered more than 80
sheep and lambs on the Spreckels
ranch in Sonoma Valley, county
Poundmaster Homer Cake reported
today as he began a hunt for the
animals.
SANTA ROSA, April 2 (A 1 ). —
Killer Hogs led by a huge German
shepherd slaughtered more than 80
sheep and lambs on the Spreckels
ranch in Sonoma Valley, county
Poundmaster Homer Cake reported
today as he began a hunt for the
animals.
SANTA ROSA, April 2 (A 1 ). —
Killer Hogs led by a huge German
shepherd slaughtered more than 80
sheep and lambs on the Spreckels
ranch in Sonoma Valley, county
Poundmaster Homer Cake reported
today as he began a hunt for the
animals.
SANTA ROSA, April 2 (A 1 ). —
Killer Hogs led by a huge German
shepherd slaughtered more than 80
sheep and lambs on the Spreckels
ranch in Sonoma Valley, county
Poundmaster Homer Cake reported
today as he began a hunt for the
animals.
SANTA ROSA, April 2 (A 1 ). —
Killer Hogs led by a huge German
shepherd slaughtered more than 80
sheep and lambs on the Spreckels
ranch in Sonoma Valley, county
Poundmaster Homer Cake reported
today as he began a hunt for the
animals.
SANTA ROSA, April 2 (A 1 ). —
Killer Hogs led by a huge German
shepherd slaughtered more than 80
sheep and lambs on the Spreckels
ranch in Sonoma Valley, county
Poundmaster Homer Cake reported
today as he began a hunt for the
animals.
SANTA ROSA, April 2 (A 1 ). —
Killer Hogs led by a huge German
shepherd slaughtered more than 80
sheep and lambs on the Spreckels
ranch in Sonoma Valley, county
Poundmaster Homer Cake reported
today as he began a hunt for the
animals.
SANTA ROSA, April 2 (A 1 ). —
Killer Hogs led by a huge German
shepherd slaughtered more than 80
sheep and lambs on the Spreckels
ranch in Sonoma Valley, county
Poundmaster Homer Cake reported
today as he began a hunt for the
animals.
