# Rally To Support German Students
## 
### 
To protest the attempt on the
life of German student leader
Rudi Dutsehke and to demon
strate support for West Gorman
students, members of the Stan
ford community plan to rally
today at noon on White Plaza.
Speakers will include German
exchange students at Stanford
and members of the faculty and
student body who are familiar
with the German situation. An
open letter to several members
of West Berlin's diplomatic and
administrative hierarchy will be
circulated during the rally.

The letter, already signed by
many prominent members of
the faculty, states that the sign
ers "deplore the cowardly attack
on the life of Rudi Dutsehke."
"We cannot condemn too
strongly those elements in the
city of West Berlin, especially
in the press and in the govern
ment, which through their state
ments and actions are primarily
responsible for the climate of
hate and fear—the 'Pogroms
timmung' against students and
intellectuals—that is present to
day in their city."
The signers ask that the
Americans in West Berlin "sup
port the basic freedoms ... in
all their contacts with the peo
ple and government of the
city," and "avoid any action
which might be misconstrued as
direct or indirect support of
those elements which are poi
soning the climate of West Ber
lin."
Expressing solidarity with the
academic communities in West
Berlin, the letter says that the
students are "the bulwark
against reaction and the hope
of true democrats everywhere.
May they be successful in com
batting the ghost of the past
that haunts Germany today."
