# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
BOOKSTORE SALE
The Stanford Bookstore's an
nual summer clearance sale
begins Monday. Sale items in
clude books, classical records,
With a small selection of sup
plies, gifts, and stationery.
BOOKSTORE SALE
The Stanford Bookstore's an
nual summer clearance sale
begins Monday. Sale items in
clude books, classical records,
With a small selection of sup
plies, gifts, and stationery.
BOOKSTORE SALE
The Stanford Bookstore's an
nual summer clearance sale
begins Monday. Sale items in
clude books, classical records,
With a small selection of sup
plies, gifts, and stationery.
BOOKSTORE SALE
The Stanford Bookstore's an
nual summer clearance sale
begins Monday. Sale items in
clude books, classical records,
With a small selection of sup
plies, gifts, and stationery.
BOOKSTORE SALE
The Stanford Bookstore's an
nual summer clearance sale
begins Monday. Sale items in
clude books, classical records,
With a small selection of sup
plies, gifts, and stationery.
BOOKSTORE SALE
The Stanford Bookstore's an
nual summer clearance sale
begins Monday. Sale items in
clude books, classical records,
With a small selection of sup
plies, gifts, and stationery.
BOOKSTORE SALE
The Stanford Bookstore's an
nual summer clearance sale
begins Monday. Sale items in
clude books, classical records,
With a small selection of sup
plies, gifts, and stationery.
BOOKSTORE SALE
The Stanford Bookstore's an
nual summer clearance sale
begins Monday. Sale items in
clude books, classical records,
With a small selection of sup
plies, gifts, and stationery.
BOOKSTORE SALE
The Stanford Bookstore's an
nual summer clearance sale
begins Monday. Sale items in
clude books, classical records,
With a small selection of sup
plies, gifts, and stationery.
BOOKSTORE SALE
The Stanford Bookstore's an
nual summer clearance sale
begins Monday. Sale items in
clude books, classical records,
With a small selection of sup
plies, gifts, and stationery.
BOOKSTORE SALE
The Stanford Bookstore's an
nual summer clearance sale
begins Monday. Sale items in
clude books, classical records,
With a small selection of sup
plies, gifts, and stationery.
BOOKSTORE SALE
The Stanford Bookstore's an
nual summer clearance sale
begins Monday. Sale items in
clude books, classical records,
With a small selection of sup
plies, gifts, and stationery.
BOOKSTORE SALE
The Stanford Bookstore's an
nual summer clearance sale
begins Monday. Sale items in
clude books, classical records,
With a small selection of sup
plies, gifts, and stationery.
BOOKSTORE SALE
The Stanford Bookstore's an
nual summer clearance sale
begins Monday. Sale items in
clude books, classical records,
With a small selection of sup
plies, gifts, and stationery.
BOOKSTORE SALE
The Stanford Bookstore's an
nual summer clearance sale
begins Monday. Sale items in
clude books, classical records,
With a small selection of sup
plies, gifts, and stationery.
