# YWCA Luncheons Begin
## 
### 
Dave Knotts, assistant Director
ol Community House in East Palo
Alto, will open a series of YWCA
Friday luncheon programs at the
Women's Clubhouse at noon to
day.
He will discuss the impact of
the "War on Poverty" on local

communities.
THK OTHEIt programs, on suc
cessive Fridays, will focus on
VISTA, the domestic Peace Corps
program, and "Youth Poverty,
and the Future," discussing the
work done at the Youth Oppor
tuni Center at Hunters Point.
Dave Knotts, assistant Director
ol Community House in East Palo
Alto, will open a series of YWCA
Friday luncheon programs at the
Women's Clubhouse at noon to
day.
He will discuss the impact of
the "War on Poverty" on local

communities.
THK OTHEIt programs, on suc
cessive Fridays, will focus on
VISTA, the domestic Peace Corps
program, and "Youth Poverty,
and the Future," discussing the
work done at the Youth Oppor
tuni Center at Hunters Point.
Dave Knotts, assistant Director
ol Community House in East Palo
Alto, will open a series of YWCA
Friday luncheon programs at the
Women's Clubhouse at noon to
day.
He will discuss the impact of
the "War on Poverty" on local

communities.
THK OTHEIt programs, on suc
cessive Fridays, will focus on
VISTA, the domestic Peace Corps
program, and "Youth Poverty,
and the Future," discussing the
work done at the Youth Oppor
tuni Center at Hunters Point.
Dave Knotts, assistant Director
ol Community House in East Palo
Alto, will open a series of YWCA
Friday luncheon programs at the
Women's Clubhouse at noon to
day.
He will discuss the impact of
the "War on Poverty" on local

communities.
THK OTHEIt programs, on suc
cessive Fridays, will focus on
VISTA, the domestic Peace Corps
program, and "Youth Poverty,
and the Future," discussing the
work done at the Youth Oppor
tuni Center at Hunters Point.
Dave Knotts, assistant Director
ol Community House in East Palo
Alto, will open a series of YWCA
Friday luncheon programs at the
Women's Clubhouse at noon to
day.
He will discuss the impact of
the "War on Poverty" on local

communities.
THK OTHEIt programs, on suc
cessive Fridays, will focus on
VISTA, the domestic Peace Corps
program, and "Youth Poverty,
and the Future," discussing the
work done at the Youth Oppor
tuni Center at Hunters Point.
Dave Knotts, assistant Director
ol Community House in East Palo
Alto, will open a series of YWCA
Friday luncheon programs at the
Women's Clubhouse at noon to
day.
He will discuss the impact of
the "War on Poverty" on local

communities.
THK OTHEIt programs, on suc
cessive Fridays, will focus on
VISTA, the domestic Peace Corps
program, and "Youth Poverty,
and the Future," discussing the
work done at the Youth Oppor
tuni Center at Hunters Point.
Dave Knotts, assistant Director
ol Community House in East Palo
Alto, will open a series of YWCA
Friday luncheon programs at the
Women's Clubhouse at noon to
day.
He will discuss the impact of
the "War on Poverty" on local

communities.
THK OTHEIt programs, on suc
cessive Fridays, will focus on
VISTA, the domestic Peace Corps
program, and "Youth Poverty,
and the Future," discussing the
work done at the Youth Oppor
tuni Center at Hunters Point.
Dave Knotts, assistant Director
ol Community House in East Palo
Alto, will open a series of YWCA
Friday luncheon programs at the
Women's Clubhouse at noon to
day.
He will discuss the impact of
the "War on Poverty" on local

communities.
THK OTHEIt programs, on suc
cessive Fridays, will focus on
VISTA, the domestic Peace Corps
program, and "Youth Poverty,
and the Future," discussing the
work done at the Youth Oppor
tuni Center at Hunters Point.
Dave Knotts, assistant Director
ol Community House in East Palo
Alto, will open a series of YWCA
Friday luncheon programs at the
Women's Clubhouse at noon to
day.
He will discuss the impact of
the "War on Poverty" on local

communities.
THK OTHEIt programs, on suc
cessive Fridays, will focus on
VISTA, the domestic Peace Corps
program, and "Youth Poverty,
and the Future," discussing the
work done at the Youth Oppor
tuni Center at Hunters Point.
Dave Knotts, assistant Director
ol Community House in East Palo
Alto, will open a series of YWCA
Friday luncheon programs at the
Women's Clubhouse at noon to
day.
He will discuss the impact of
the "War on Poverty" on local

communities.
THK OTHEIt programs, on suc
cessive Fridays, will focus on
VISTA, the domestic Peace Corps
program, and "Youth Poverty,
and the Future," discussing the
work done at the Youth Oppor
tuni Center at Hunters Point.
Dave Knotts, assistant Director
ol Community House in East Palo
Alto, will open a series of YWCA
Friday luncheon programs at the
Women's Clubhouse at noon to
day.
He will discuss the impact of
the "War on Poverty" on local

communities.
THK OTHEIt programs, on suc
cessive Fridays, will focus on
VISTA, the domestic Peace Corps
program, and "Youth Poverty,
and the Future," discussing the
work done at the Youth Oppor
tuni Center at Hunters Point.
Dave Knotts, assistant Director
ol Community House in East Palo
Alto, will open a series of YWCA
Friday luncheon programs at the
Women's Clubhouse at noon to
day.
He will discuss the impact of
the "War on Poverty" on local

communities.
THK OTHEIt programs, on suc
cessive Fridays, will focus on
VISTA, the domestic Peace Corps
program, and "Youth Poverty,
and the Future," discussing the
work done at the Youth Oppor
tuni Center at Hunters Point.
Dave Knotts, assistant Director
ol Community House in East Palo
Alto, will open a series of YWCA
Friday luncheon programs at the
Women's Clubhouse at noon to
day.
He will discuss the impact of
the "War on Poverty" on local

communities.
THK OTHEIt programs, on suc
cessive Fridays, will focus on
VISTA, the domestic Peace Corps
program, and "Youth Poverty,
and the Future," discussing the
work done at the Youth Oppor
tuni Center at Hunters Point.
Dave Knotts, assistant Director
ol Community House in East Palo
Alto, will open a series of YWCA
Friday luncheon programs at the
Women's Clubhouse at noon to
day.
He will discuss the impact of
the "War on Poverty" on local

communities.
THK OTHEIt programs, on suc
cessive Fridays, will focus on
VISTA, the domestic Peace Corps
program, and "Youth Poverty,
and the Future," discussing the
work done at the Youth Oppor
tuni Center at Hunters Point.
Dave Knotts, assistant Director
ol Community House in East Palo
Alto, will open a series of YWCA
Friday luncheon programs at the
Women's Clubhouse at noon to
day.
He will discuss the impact of
the "War on Poverty" on local

communities.
THK OTHEIt programs, on suc
cessive Fridays, will focus on
VISTA, the domestic Peace Corps
program, and "Youth Poverty,
and the Future," discussing the
work done at the Youth Oppor
tuni Center at Hunters Point.
