# Adv. 11 Page 5
## 
### 
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life s«iver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program For
understanding that if
confer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatlv increased
Thank you.
Hundreds of
companies now
have an American
Cancer Society
Employee Education
Program. If yours
isn't one of them.
call us
i
American Cancer Society
*******************
Tickle
a friend;
stab
an enemy
WITH A
PERSONAL
******************
7™ tt* r fT«
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life s«iver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program For
understanding that if
confer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatlv increased
Thank you.
Hundreds of
companies now
have an American
Cancer Society
Employee Education
Program. If yours
isn't one of them.
call us
i
American Cancer Society
*******************
Tickle
a friend;
stab
an enemy
WITH A
PERSONAL
******************
7™ tt* r fT«
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life s«iver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program For
understanding that if
confer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatlv increased
Thank you.
Hundreds of
companies now
have an American
Cancer Society
Employee Education
Program. If yours
isn't one of them.
call us
i
American Cancer Society
*******************
Tickle
a friend;
stab
an enemy
WITH A
PERSONAL
******************
7™ tt* r fT«
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life s«iver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program For
understanding that if
confer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatlv increased
Thank you.
Hundreds of
companies now
have an American
Cancer Society
Employee Education
Program. If yours
isn't one of them.
call us
i
American Cancer Society
*******************
Tickle
a friend;
stab
an enemy
WITH A
PERSONAL
******************
7™ tt* r fT«
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life s«iver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program For
understanding that if
confer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatlv increased
Thank you.
Hundreds of
companies now
have an American
Cancer Society
Employee Education
Program. If yours
isn't one of them.
call us
i
American Cancer Society
*******************
Tickle
a friend;
stab
an enemy
WITH A
PERSONAL
******************
7™ tt* r fT«
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life s«iver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program For
understanding that if
confer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatlv increased
Thank you.
Hundreds of
companies now
have an American
Cancer Society
Employee Education
Program. If yours
isn't one of them.
call us
i
American Cancer Society
*******************
Tickle
a friend;
stab
an enemy
WITH A
PERSONAL
******************
7™ tt* r fT«
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life s«iver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program For
understanding that if
confer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatlv increased
Thank you.
Hundreds of
companies now
have an American
Cancer Society
Employee Education
Program. If yours
isn't one of them.
call us
i
American Cancer Society
*******************
Tickle
a friend;
stab
an enemy
WITH A
PERSONAL
******************
7™ tt* r fT«
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life s«iver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program For
understanding that if
confer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatlv increased
Thank you.
Hundreds of
companies now
have an American
Cancer Society
Employee Education
Program. If yours
isn't one of them.
call us
i
American Cancer Society
*******************
Tickle
a friend;
stab
an enemy
WITH A
PERSONAL
******************
7™ tt* r fT«
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life s«iver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program For
understanding that if
confer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatlv increased
Thank you.
Hundreds of
companies now
have an American
Cancer Society
Employee Education
Program. If yours
isn't one of them.
call us
i
American Cancer Society
*******************
Tickle
a friend;
stab
an enemy
WITH A
PERSONAL
******************
7™ tt* r fT«
