# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Happy Again
Kristin Folkl is having fun in
her superb senior season.
Sports, page 7

twelfth Night opens
Drama Dept. celebrates 60th
anniversary of Mem Aud.
Intermission


Happy Again
Kristin Folkl is having fun in
her superb senior season.
Sports, page 7

twelfth Night opens
Drama Dept. celebrates 60th
anniversary of Mem Aud.
Intermission


Happy Again
Kristin Folkl is having fun in
her superb senior season.
Sports, page 7

twelfth Night opens
Drama Dept. celebrates 60th
anniversary of Mem Aud.
Intermission


Happy Again
Kristin Folkl is having fun in
her superb senior season.
Sports, page 7

twelfth Night opens
Drama Dept. celebrates 60th
anniversary of Mem Aud.
Intermission


Happy Again
Kristin Folkl is having fun in
her superb senior season.
Sports, page 7

twelfth Night opens
Drama Dept. celebrates 60th
anniversary of Mem Aud.
Intermission


Happy Again
Kristin Folkl is having fun in
her superb senior season.
Sports, page 7

twelfth Night opens
Drama Dept. celebrates 60th
anniversary of Mem Aud.
Intermission


