# Sociology Club to Hold Discussion.
## 
### 
"Resolved, That Stanford should es
tablish a Sociology department" will
be the topic for the Sociology Club
meeting tomorrow evening, when Miss
Gladys La Fetra. '15, will read a pa
per on this subject. . All members are
requested to bring material to carry
on an informal discussion after the
regular program.
"Resolved, That Stanford should es
tablish a Sociology department" will
be the topic for the Sociology Club
meeting tomorrow evening, when Miss
Gladys La Fetra. '15, will read a pa
per on this subject. . All members are
requested to bring material to carry
on an informal discussion after the
regular program.
"Resolved, That Stanford should es
tablish a Sociology department" will
be the topic for the Sociology Club
meeting tomorrow evening, when Miss
Gladys La Fetra. '15, will read a pa
per on this subject. . All members are
requested to bring material to carry
on an informal discussion after the
regular program.
"Resolved, That Stanford should es
tablish a Sociology department" will
be the topic for the Sociology Club
meeting tomorrow evening, when Miss
Gladys La Fetra. '15, will read a pa
per on this subject. . All members are
requested to bring material to carry
on an informal discussion after the
regular program.
"Resolved, That Stanford should es
tablish a Sociology department" will
be the topic for the Sociology Club
meeting tomorrow evening, when Miss
Gladys La Fetra. '15, will read a pa
per on this subject. . All members are
requested to bring material to carry
on an informal discussion after the
regular program.
"Resolved, That Stanford should es
tablish a Sociology department" will
be the topic for the Sociology Club
meeting tomorrow evening, when Miss
Gladys La Fetra. '15, will read a pa
per on this subject. . All members are
requested to bring material to carry
on an informal discussion after the
regular program.
"Resolved, That Stanford should es
tablish a Sociology department" will
be the topic for the Sociology Club
meeting tomorrow evening, when Miss
Gladys La Fetra. '15, will read a pa
per on this subject. . All members are
requested to bring material to carry
on an informal discussion after the
regular program.
"Resolved, That Stanford should es
tablish a Sociology department" will
be the topic for the Sociology Club
meeting tomorrow evening, when Miss
Gladys La Fetra. '15, will read a pa
per on this subject. . All members are
requested to bring material to carry
on an informal discussion after the
regular program.
"Resolved, That Stanford should es
tablish a Sociology department" will
be the topic for the Sociology Club
meeting tomorrow evening, when Miss
Gladys La Fetra. '15, will read a pa
per on this subject. . All members are
requested to bring material to carry
on an informal discussion after the
regular program.
"Resolved, That Stanford should es
tablish a Sociology department" will
be the topic for the Sociology Club
meeting tomorrow evening, when Miss
Gladys La Fetra. '15, will read a pa
per on this subject. . All members are
requested to bring material to carry
on an informal discussion after the
regular program.
"Resolved, That Stanford should es
tablish a Sociology department" will
be the topic for the Sociology Club
meeting tomorrow evening, when Miss
Gladys La Fetra. '15, will read a pa
per on this subject. . All members are
requested to bring material to carry
on an informal discussion after the
regular program.
"Resolved, That Stanford should es
tablish a Sociology department" will
be the topic for the Sociology Club
meeting tomorrow evening, when Miss
Gladys La Fetra. '15, will read a pa
per on this subject. . All members are
requested to bring material to carry
on an informal discussion after the
regular program.
"Resolved, That Stanford should es
tablish a Sociology department" will
be the topic for the Sociology Club
meeting tomorrow evening, when Miss
Gladys La Fetra. '15, will read a pa
per on this subject. . All members are
requested to bring material to carry
on an informal discussion after the
regular program.
