# HOEDOWNERS
## 
### 
Beginning folk-dancers will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the dance studio.
Beginning folk-dancers will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the dance studio.
Beginning folk-dancers will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the dance studio.
Beginning folk-dancers will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the dance studio.
Beginning folk-dancers will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the dance studio.
Beginning folk-dancers will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the dance studio.
Beginning folk-dancers will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the dance studio.
Beginning folk-dancers will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the dance studio.
Beginning folk-dancers will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the dance studio.
Beginning folk-dancers will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the dance studio.
Beginning folk-dancers will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the dance studio.
Beginning folk-dancers will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the dance studio.
Beginning folk-dancers will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the dance studio.
Beginning folk-dancers will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the dance studio.
