# Student Activities
## GAIETIES CHORUS 
### 
Gaieties singing chorus will meet
in the Women's Gym at 8 tonight.
Gaieties singing chorus will meet
in the Women's Gym at 8 tonight.
Gaieties singing chorus will meet
in the Women's Gym at 8 tonight.
Gaieties singing chorus will meet
in the Women's Gym at 8 tonight.
Gaieties singing chorus will meet
in the Women's Gym at 8 tonight.
Gaieties singing chorus will meet
in the Women's Gym at 8 tonight.
Gaieties singing chorus will meet
in the Women's Gym at 8 tonight.
Gaieties singing chorus will meet
in the Women's Gym at 8 tonight.
Gaieties singing chorus will meet
in the Women's Gym at 8 tonight.
Gaieties singing chorus will meet
in the Women's Gym at 8 tonight.
Gaieties singing chorus will meet
in the Women's Gym at 8 tonight.
Gaieties singing chorus will meet
in the Women's Gym at 8 tonight.
Gaieties singing chorus will meet
in the Women's Gym at 8 tonight.
Gaieties singing chorus will meet
in the Women's Gym at 8 tonight.
