# Stern, Bulls Draw
## 
### 
El Toro and Stern I played to a
6 tc (i mural football deadlock in
the sweltering heat of Saturday
morning.
Stern scored first, when a blocked
punt set them up on the Toro four
where one running play covered the
distance to a TD.
A second-half Henshaw pass was
intercepted by Toro quarterback
Larry Cahn on the Stern ten. Cahn
threw two flat passes to right end
Bill lickenson and Toro had their
six for the day.
El Toro and Stern I played to a
6 tc (i mural football deadlock in
the sweltering heat of Saturday
morning.
Stern scored first, when a blocked
punt set them up on the Toro four
where one running play covered the
distance to a TD.
A second-half Henshaw pass was
intercepted by Toro quarterback
Larry Cahn on the Stern ten. Cahn
threw two flat passes to right end
Bill lickenson and Toro had their
six for the day.
El Toro and Stern I played to a
6 tc (i mural football deadlock in
the sweltering heat of Saturday
morning.
Stern scored first, when a blocked
punt set them up on the Toro four
where one running play covered the
distance to a TD.
A second-half Henshaw pass was
intercepted by Toro quarterback
Larry Cahn on the Stern ten. Cahn
threw two flat passes to right end
Bill lickenson and Toro had their
six for the day.
El Toro and Stern I played to a
6 tc (i mural football deadlock in
the sweltering heat of Saturday
morning.
Stern scored first, when a blocked
punt set them up on the Toro four
where one running play covered the
distance to a TD.
A second-half Henshaw pass was
intercepted by Toro quarterback
Larry Cahn on the Stern ten. Cahn
threw two flat passes to right end
Bill lickenson and Toro had their
six for the day.
El Toro and Stern I played to a
6 tc (i mural football deadlock in
the sweltering heat of Saturday
morning.
Stern scored first, when a blocked
punt set them up on the Toro four
where one running play covered the
distance to a TD.
A second-half Henshaw pass was
intercepted by Toro quarterback
Larry Cahn on the Stern ten. Cahn
threw two flat passes to right end
Bill lickenson and Toro had their
six for the day.
El Toro and Stern I played to a
6 tc (i mural football deadlock in
the sweltering heat of Saturday
morning.
Stern scored first, when a blocked
punt set them up on the Toro four
where one running play covered the
distance to a TD.
A second-half Henshaw pass was
intercepted by Toro quarterback
Larry Cahn on the Stern ten. Cahn
threw two flat passes to right end
Bill lickenson and Toro had their
six for the day.
El Toro and Stern I played to a
6 tc (i mural football deadlock in
the sweltering heat of Saturday
morning.
Stern scored first, when a blocked
punt set them up on the Toro four
where one running play covered the
distance to a TD.
A second-half Henshaw pass was
intercepted by Toro quarterback
Larry Cahn on the Stern ten. Cahn
threw two flat passes to right end
Bill lickenson and Toro had their
six for the day.
El Toro and Stern I played to a
6 tc (i mural football deadlock in
the sweltering heat of Saturday
morning.
Stern scored first, when a blocked
punt set them up on the Toro four
where one running play covered the
distance to a TD.
A second-half Henshaw pass was
intercepted by Toro quarterback
Larry Cahn on the Stern ten. Cahn
threw two flat passes to right end
Bill lickenson and Toro had their
six for the day.
El Toro and Stern I played to a
6 tc (i mural football deadlock in
the sweltering heat of Saturday
morning.
Stern scored first, when a blocked
punt set them up on the Toro four
where one running play covered the
distance to a TD.
A second-half Henshaw pass was
intercepted by Toro quarterback
Larry Cahn on the Stern ten. Cahn
threw two flat passes to right end
Bill lickenson and Toro had their
six for the day.
El Toro and Stern I played to a
6 tc (i mural football deadlock in
the sweltering heat of Saturday
morning.
Stern scored first, when a blocked
punt set them up on the Toro four
where one running play covered the
distance to a TD.
A second-half Henshaw pass was
intercepted by Toro quarterback
Larry Cahn on the Stern ten. Cahn
threw two flat passes to right end
Bill lickenson and Toro had their
six for the day.
El Toro and Stern I played to a
6 tc (i mural football deadlock in
the sweltering heat of Saturday
morning.
Stern scored first, when a blocked
punt set them up on the Toro four
where one running play covered the
distance to a TD.
A second-half Henshaw pass was
intercepted by Toro quarterback
Larry Cahn on the Stern ten. Cahn
threw two flat passes to right end
Bill lickenson and Toro had their
six for the day.
El Toro and Stern I played to a
6 tc (i mural football deadlock in
the sweltering heat of Saturday
morning.
Stern scored first, when a blocked
punt set them up on the Toro four
where one running play covered the
distance to a TD.
A second-half Henshaw pass was
intercepted by Toro quarterback
Larry Cahn on the Stern ten. Cahn
threw two flat passes to right end
Bill lickenson and Toro had their
six for the day.
El Toro and Stern I played to a
6 tc (i mural football deadlock in
the sweltering heat of Saturday
morning.
Stern scored first, when a blocked
punt set them up on the Toro four
where one running play covered the
distance to a TD.
A second-half Henshaw pass was
intercepted by Toro quarterback
Larry Cahn on the Stern ten. Cahn
threw two flat passes to right end
Bill lickenson and Toro had their
six for the day.
El Toro and Stern I played to a
6 tc (i mural football deadlock in
the sweltering heat of Saturday
morning.
Stern scored first, when a blocked
punt set them up on the Toro four
where one running play covered the
distance to a TD.
A second-half Henshaw pass was
intercepted by Toro quarterback
Larry Cahn on the Stern ten. Cahn
threw two flat passes to right end
Bill lickenson and Toro had their
six for the day.
