# This Morning's Headlines
## China Reds Reopen Warfare in Korea 
### 
TOKYO. Monday, Nov. fi (UP) —
Chinese Communist forccs re
opened a heavy attack on American
forces holding the Chongchon River
line in northwest Korea before
dawn Monday after smashing ahead
four miles Sunday with the help of
elite Chinese suicide troops.
American warplanes roared out at
the first light to hit the Chinese
with an extremely heavy air attack
and the last word heard from the
American ground troops was that
they thought they could withstand
the new assault.
TOKYO. Monday, Nov. fi (UP) —
Chinese Communist forccs re
opened a heavy attack on American
forces holding the Chongchon River
line in northwest Korea before
dawn Monday after smashing ahead
four miles Sunday with the help of
elite Chinese suicide troops.
American warplanes roared out at
the first light to hit the Chinese
with an extremely heavy air attack
and the last word heard from the
American ground troops was that
they thought they could withstand
the new assault.
TOKYO. Monday, Nov. fi (UP) —
Chinese Communist forccs re
opened a heavy attack on American
forces holding the Chongchon River
line in northwest Korea before
dawn Monday after smashing ahead
four miles Sunday with the help of
elite Chinese suicide troops.
American warplanes roared out at
the first light to hit the Chinese
with an extremely heavy air attack
and the last word heard from the
American ground troops was that
they thought they could withstand
the new assault.
TOKYO. Monday, Nov. fi (UP) —
Chinese Communist forccs re
opened a heavy attack on American
forces holding the Chongchon River
line in northwest Korea before
dawn Monday after smashing ahead
four miles Sunday with the help of
elite Chinese suicide troops.
American warplanes roared out at
the first light to hit the Chinese
with an extremely heavy air attack
and the last word heard from the
American ground troops was that
they thought they could withstand
the new assault.
TOKYO. Monday, Nov. fi (UP) —
Chinese Communist forccs re
opened a heavy attack on American
forces holding the Chongchon River
line in northwest Korea before
dawn Monday after smashing ahead
four miles Sunday with the help of
elite Chinese suicide troops.
American warplanes roared out at
the first light to hit the Chinese
with an extremely heavy air attack
and the last word heard from the
American ground troops was that
they thought they could withstand
the new assault.
TOKYO. Monday, Nov. fi (UP) —
Chinese Communist forccs re
opened a heavy attack on American
forces holding the Chongchon River
line in northwest Korea before
dawn Monday after smashing ahead
four miles Sunday with the help of
elite Chinese suicide troops.
American warplanes roared out at
the first light to hit the Chinese
with an extremely heavy air attack
and the last word heard from the
American ground troops was that
they thought they could withstand
the new assault.
TOKYO. Monday, Nov. fi (UP) —
Chinese Communist forccs re
opened a heavy attack on American
forces holding the Chongchon River
line in northwest Korea before
dawn Monday after smashing ahead
four miles Sunday with the help of
elite Chinese suicide troops.
American warplanes roared out at
the first light to hit the Chinese
with an extremely heavy air attack
and the last word heard from the
American ground troops was that
they thought they could withstand
the new assault.
TOKYO. Monday, Nov. fi (UP) —
Chinese Communist forccs re
opened a heavy attack on American
forces holding the Chongchon River
line in northwest Korea before
dawn Monday after smashing ahead
four miles Sunday with the help of
elite Chinese suicide troops.
American warplanes roared out at
the first light to hit the Chinese
with an extremely heavy air attack
and the last word heard from the
American ground troops was that
they thought they could withstand
the new assault.
TOKYO. Monday, Nov. fi (UP) —
Chinese Communist forccs re
opened a heavy attack on American
forces holding the Chongchon River
line in northwest Korea before
dawn Monday after smashing ahead
four miles Sunday with the help of
elite Chinese suicide troops.
American warplanes roared out at
the first light to hit the Chinese
with an extremely heavy air attack
and the last word heard from the
American ground troops was that
they thought they could withstand
the new assault.
TOKYO. Monday, Nov. fi (UP) —
Chinese Communist forccs re
opened a heavy attack on American
forces holding the Chongchon River
line in northwest Korea before
dawn Monday after smashing ahead
four miles Sunday with the help of
elite Chinese suicide troops.
American warplanes roared out at
the first light to hit the Chinese
with an extremely heavy air attack
and the last word heard from the
American ground troops was that
they thought they could withstand
the new assault.
TOKYO. Monday, Nov. fi (UP) —
Chinese Communist forccs re
opened a heavy attack on American
forces holding the Chongchon River
line in northwest Korea before
dawn Monday after smashing ahead
four miles Sunday with the help of
elite Chinese suicide troops.
American warplanes roared out at
the first light to hit the Chinese
with an extremely heavy air attack
and the last word heard from the
American ground troops was that
they thought they could withstand
the new assault.
TOKYO. Monday, Nov. fi (UP) —
Chinese Communist forccs re
opened a heavy attack on American
forces holding the Chongchon River
line in northwest Korea before
dawn Monday after smashing ahead
four miles Sunday with the help of
elite Chinese suicide troops.
American warplanes roared out at
the first light to hit the Chinese
with an extremely heavy air attack
and the last word heard from the
American ground troops was that
they thought they could withstand
the new assault.
TOKYO. Monday, Nov. fi (UP) —
Chinese Communist forccs re
opened a heavy attack on American
forces holding the Chongchon River
line in northwest Korea before
dawn Monday after smashing ahead
four miles Sunday with the help of
elite Chinese suicide troops.
American warplanes roared out at
the first light to hit the Chinese
with an extremely heavy air attack
and the last word heard from the
American ground troops was that
they thought they could withstand
the new assault.
TOKYO. Monday, Nov. fi (UP) —
Chinese Communist forccs re
opened a heavy attack on American
forces holding the Chongchon River
line in northwest Korea before
dawn Monday after smashing ahead
four miles Sunday with the help of
elite Chinese suicide troops.
American warplanes roared out at
the first light to hit the Chinese
with an extremely heavy air attack
and the last word heard from the
American ground troops was that
they thought they could withstand
the new assault.
