# Interviews Set For Engineers
## 
### 
Representatives of two companies
will be on campus this week to in
terview students for jobs in me
chanical and chemical engineering.
The Aerojet Engineering Co. is
holding interviews tomorrow. Stu
dents interested should contact the
Placement Servicc immediately for
appointments. Position# are open to
mechanical and chemical engineers
with all academic degrees and are
limited to graduates of the Decem
ber class.
Chemists, chemical engineers, and
mechanical engineers with an M.S.
and a Ph.D. are needed by the Shell
Oil Company of Martinez. A com
pany representative will interview
applicants Thursday to recruit men
for positions open in their refinery.
The State Department is holding
interviews in San Francisco until
Nov. 17 for secretaries and clerical
employees for the Foreign Service
and stenographers for its Washing
ton office.
The Department of State is also
offering positions to expert native
translators. Citizenship is not re
quired and the translator need not
reside in Washington. The appli
cant must be able to translate from
English into Arabic, Bengali, Bur
mese, Hindi, Indonesian, Korean,
Marathi, Persian, Pushtu, Siamese,
Singhalese, Tagalog, Tamil, Telugu,
Turkish, Urdu, or Viet-Namesc.
Further details may be sccurcd at
the Placement office.
