# Untitled Article
## 
### 

DRESS REHEARSAL—Don Campbell is being fitted for his costume
for "Julius Caesar" by Barbara Stockbridge (left) and Milo
Smith. Tickets for the play, which opens Thursday night in Me
morial Auditorium, are now on sale at the Memorial Hall Box Of
fice. —Daily photo by Don Dapelo

DRESS REHEARSAL—Don Campbell is being fitted for his costume
for "Julius Caesar" by Barbara Stockbridge (left) and Milo
Smith. Tickets for the play, which opens Thursday night in Me
morial Auditorium, are now on sale at the Memorial Hall Box Of
fice. —Daily photo by Don Dapelo

DRESS REHEARSAL—Don Campbell is being fitted for his costume
for "Julius Caesar" by Barbara Stockbridge (left) and Milo
Smith. Tickets for the play, which opens Thursday night in Me
morial Auditorium, are now on sale at the Memorial Hall Box Of
fice. —Daily photo by Don Dapelo

DRESS REHEARSAL—Don Campbell is being fitted for his costume
for "Julius Caesar" by Barbara Stockbridge (left) and Milo
Smith. Tickets for the play, which opens Thursday night in Me
morial Auditorium, are now on sale at the Memorial Hall Box Of
fice. —Daily photo by Don Dapelo

DRESS REHEARSAL—Don Campbell is being fitted for his costume
for "Julius Caesar" by Barbara Stockbridge (left) and Milo
Smith. Tickets for the play, which opens Thursday night in Me
morial Auditorium, are now on sale at the Memorial Hall Box Of
fice. —Daily photo by Don Dapelo

DRESS REHEARSAL—Don Campbell is being fitted for his costume
for "Julius Caesar" by Barbara Stockbridge (left) and Milo
Smith. Tickets for the play, which opens Thursday night in Me
morial Auditorium, are now on sale at the Memorial Hall Box Of
fice. —Daily photo by Don Dapelo

DRESS REHEARSAL—Don Campbell is being fitted for his costume
for "Julius Caesar" by Barbara Stockbridge (left) and Milo
Smith. Tickets for the play, which opens Thursday night in Me
morial Auditorium, are now on sale at the Memorial Hall Box Of
fice. —Daily photo by Don Dapelo

DRESS REHEARSAL—Don Campbell is being fitted for his costume
for "Julius Caesar" by Barbara Stockbridge (left) and Milo
Smith. Tickets for the play, which opens Thursday night in Me
morial Auditorium, are now on sale at the Memorial Hall Box Of
fice. —Daily photo by Don Dapelo

DRESS REHEARSAL—Don Campbell is being fitted for his costume
for "Julius Caesar" by Barbara Stockbridge (left) and Milo
Smith. Tickets for the play, which opens Thursday night in Me
morial Auditorium, are now on sale at the Memorial Hall Box Of
fice. —Daily photo by Don Dapelo

DRESS REHEARSAL—Don Campbell is being fitted for his costume
for "Julius Caesar" by Barbara Stockbridge (left) and Milo
Smith. Tickets for the play, which opens Thursday night in Me
morial Auditorium, are now on sale at the Memorial Hall Box Of
fice. —Daily photo by Don Dapelo

DRESS REHEARSAL—Don Campbell is being fitted for his costume
for "Julius Caesar" by Barbara Stockbridge (left) and Milo
Smith. Tickets for the play, which opens Thursday night in Me
morial Auditorium, are now on sale at the Memorial Hall Box Of
fice. —Daily photo by Don Dapelo

DRESS REHEARSAL—Don Campbell is being fitted for his costume
for "Julius Caesar" by Barbara Stockbridge (left) and Milo
Smith. Tickets for the play, which opens Thursday night in Me
morial Auditorium, are now on sale at the Memorial Hall Box Of
fice. —Daily photo by Don Dapelo

DRESS REHEARSAL—Don Campbell is being fitted for his costume
for "Julius Caesar" by Barbara Stockbridge (left) and Milo
Smith. Tickets for the play, which opens Thursday night in Me
morial Auditorium, are now on sale at the Memorial Hall Box Of
fice. —Daily photo by Don Dapelo

DRESS REHEARSAL—Don Campbell is being fitted for his costume
for "Julius Caesar" by Barbara Stockbridge (left) and Milo
Smith. Tickets for the play, which opens Thursday night in Me
morial Auditorium, are now on sale at the Memorial Hall Box Of
fice. —Daily photo by Don Dapelo
