# TUBBS TALKS REPEAL OF STATE LIQUOR ACT
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 20. (/P)—'The
prohibition question again came to
the attention of the California legis
lature today with introduction of a
resolution by Senator Tallant Tubbs
of San Francisco proposing repeal
of the state's Wright Act and com
ments of Dr. A. H. Briggs, state
superintendent of the Anti-Saloon
League, on the federal Wickersham
commission report.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 20. (/P)—'The
prohibition question again came to
the attention of the California legis
lature today with introduction of a
resolution by Senator Tallant Tubbs
of San Francisco proposing repeal
of the state's Wright Act and com
ments of Dr. A. H. Briggs, state
superintendent of the Anti-Saloon
League, on the federal Wickersham
commission report.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 20. (/P)—'The
prohibition question again came to
the attention of the California legis
lature today with introduction of a
resolution by Senator Tallant Tubbs
of San Francisco proposing repeal
of the state's Wright Act and com
ments of Dr. A. H. Briggs, state
superintendent of the Anti-Saloon
League, on the federal Wickersham
commission report.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 20. (/P)—'The
prohibition question again came to
the attention of the California legis
lature today with introduction of a
resolution by Senator Tallant Tubbs
of San Francisco proposing repeal
of the state's Wright Act and com
ments of Dr. A. H. Briggs, state
superintendent of the Anti-Saloon
League, on the federal Wickersham
commission report.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 20. (/P)—'The
prohibition question again came to
the attention of the California legis
lature today with introduction of a
resolution by Senator Tallant Tubbs
of San Francisco proposing repeal
of the state's Wright Act and com
ments of Dr. A. H. Briggs, state
superintendent of the Anti-Saloon
League, on the federal Wickersham
commission report.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 20. (/P)—'The
prohibition question again came to
the attention of the California legis
lature today with introduction of a
resolution by Senator Tallant Tubbs
of San Francisco proposing repeal
of the state's Wright Act and com
ments of Dr. A. H. Briggs, state
superintendent of the Anti-Saloon
League, on the federal Wickersham
commission report.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 20. (/P)—'The
prohibition question again came to
the attention of the California legis
lature today with introduction of a
resolution by Senator Tallant Tubbs
of San Francisco proposing repeal
of the state's Wright Act and com
ments of Dr. A. H. Briggs, state
superintendent of the Anti-Saloon
League, on the federal Wickersham
commission report.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 20. (/P)—'The
prohibition question again came to
the attention of the California legis
lature today with introduction of a
resolution by Senator Tallant Tubbs
of San Francisco proposing repeal
of the state's Wright Act and com
ments of Dr. A. H. Briggs, state
superintendent of the Anti-Saloon
League, on the federal Wickersham
commission report.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 20. (/P)—'The
prohibition question again came to
the attention of the California legis
lature today with introduction of a
resolution by Senator Tallant Tubbs
of San Francisco proposing repeal
of the state's Wright Act and com
ments of Dr. A. H. Briggs, state
superintendent of the Anti-Saloon
League, on the federal Wickersham
commission report.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 20. (/P)—'The
prohibition question again came to
the attention of the California legis
lature today with introduction of a
resolution by Senator Tallant Tubbs
of San Francisco proposing repeal
of the state's Wright Act and com
ments of Dr. A. H. Briggs, state
superintendent of the Anti-Saloon
League, on the federal Wickersham
commission report.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 20. (/P)—'The
prohibition question again came to
the attention of the California legis
lature today with introduction of a
resolution by Senator Tallant Tubbs
of San Francisco proposing repeal
of the state's Wright Act and com
ments of Dr. A. H. Briggs, state
superintendent of the Anti-Saloon
League, on the federal Wickersham
commission report.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 20. (/P)—'The
prohibition question again came to
the attention of the California legis
lature today with introduction of a
resolution by Senator Tallant Tubbs
of San Francisco proposing repeal
of the state's Wright Act and com
ments of Dr. A. H. Briggs, state
superintendent of the Anti-Saloon
League, on the federal Wickersham
commission report.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 20. (/P)—'The
prohibition question again came to
the attention of the California legis
lature today with introduction of a
resolution by Senator Tallant Tubbs
of San Francisco proposing repeal
of the state's Wright Act and com
ments of Dr. A. H. Briggs, state
superintendent of the Anti-Saloon
League, on the federal Wickersham
commission report.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 20. (/P)—'The
prohibition question again came to
the attention of the California legis
lature today with introduction of a
resolution by Senator Tallant Tubbs
of San Francisco proposing repeal
of the state's Wright Act and com
ments of Dr. A. H. Briggs, state
superintendent of the Anti-Saloon
League, on the federal Wickersham
commission report.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 20. (/P)—'The
prohibition question again came to
the attention of the California legis
lature today with introduction of a
resolution by Senator Tallant Tubbs
of San Francisco proposing repeal
of the state's Wright Act and com
ments of Dr. A. H. Briggs, state
superintendent of the Anti-Saloon
League, on the federal Wickersham
commission report.
