# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Alpha Chi Sigma, national
professional chemistry frater
nity, announces the election of ■
the following: '
John Ferry *
William Hanscom
Frederick Rust
Gilbert Smith
Alpha Chi Sigma, national
professional chemistry frater
nity, announces the election of ■
the following: '
John Ferry *
William Hanscom
Frederick Rust
Gilbert Smith
Alpha Chi Sigma, national
professional chemistry frater
nity, announces the election of ■
the following: '
John Ferry *
William Hanscom
Frederick Rust
Gilbert Smith
Alpha Chi Sigma, national
professional chemistry frater
nity, announces the election of ■
the following: '
John Ferry *
William Hanscom
Frederick Rust
Gilbert Smith
Alpha Chi Sigma, national
professional chemistry frater
nity, announces the election of ■
the following: '
John Ferry *
William Hanscom
Frederick Rust
Gilbert Smith
Alpha Chi Sigma, national
professional chemistry frater
nity, announces the election of ■
the following: '
John Ferry *
William Hanscom
Frederick Rust
Gilbert Smith
Alpha Chi Sigma, national
professional chemistry frater
nity, announces the election of ■
the following: '
John Ferry *
William Hanscom
Frederick Rust
Gilbert Smith
Alpha Chi Sigma, national
professional chemistry frater
nity, announces the election of ■
the following: '
John Ferry *
William Hanscom
Frederick Rust
Gilbert Smith
Alpha Chi Sigma, national
professional chemistry frater
nity, announces the election of ■
the following: '
John Ferry *
William Hanscom
Frederick Rust
Gilbert Smith
Alpha Chi Sigma, national
professional chemistry frater
nity, announces the election of ■
the following: '
John Ferry *
William Hanscom
Frederick Rust
Gilbert Smith
Alpha Chi Sigma, national
professional chemistry frater
nity, announces the election of ■
the following: '
John Ferry *
William Hanscom
Frederick Rust
Gilbert Smith
Alpha Chi Sigma, national
professional chemistry frater
nity, announces the election of ■
the following: '
John Ferry *
William Hanscom
Frederick Rust
Gilbert Smith
Alpha Chi Sigma, national
professional chemistry frater
nity, announces the election of ■
the following: '
John Ferry *
William Hanscom
Frederick Rust
Gilbert Smith
Alpha Chi Sigma, national
professional chemistry frater
nity, announces the election of ■
the following: '
John Ferry *
William Hanscom
Frederick Rust
Gilbert Smith
Alpha Chi Sigma, national
professional chemistry frater
nity, announces the election of ■
the following: '
John Ferry *
William Hanscom
Frederick Rust
Gilbert Smith
