# SEEK NIGHT SESSION
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. (112l 3 ) —
Aroused by failure to get action on
the Interior Department appropria
tion bill, Senate Republican leaders
served notice today they would seek
a night session tomorrow.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. (112l 3 ) —
Aroused by failure to get action on
the Interior Department appropria
tion bill, Senate Republican leaders
served notice today they would seek
a night session tomorrow.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. (112l 3 ) —
Aroused by failure to get action on
the Interior Department appropria
tion bill, Senate Republican leaders
served notice today they would seek
a night session tomorrow.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. (112l 3 ) —
Aroused by failure to get action on
the Interior Department appropria
tion bill, Senate Republican leaders
served notice today they would seek
a night session tomorrow.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. (112l 3 ) —
Aroused by failure to get action on
the Interior Department appropria
tion bill, Senate Republican leaders
served notice today they would seek
a night session tomorrow.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. (112l 3 ) —
Aroused by failure to get action on
the Interior Department appropria
tion bill, Senate Republican leaders
served notice today they would seek
a night session tomorrow.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. (112l 3 ) —
Aroused by failure to get action on
the Interior Department appropria
tion bill, Senate Republican leaders
served notice today they would seek
a night session tomorrow.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. (112l 3 ) —
Aroused by failure to get action on
the Interior Department appropria
tion bill, Senate Republican leaders
served notice today they would seek
a night session tomorrow.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. (112l 3 ) —
Aroused by failure to get action on
the Interior Department appropria
tion bill, Senate Republican leaders
served notice today they would seek
a night session tomorrow.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. (112l 3 ) —
Aroused by failure to get action on
the Interior Department appropria
tion bill, Senate Republican leaders
served notice today they would seek
a night session tomorrow.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. (112l 3 ) —
Aroused by failure to get action on
the Interior Department appropria
tion bill, Senate Republican leaders
served notice today they would seek
a night session tomorrow.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. (112l 3 ) —
Aroused by failure to get action on
the Interior Department appropria
tion bill, Senate Republican leaders
served notice today they would seek
a night session tomorrow.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. (112l 3 ) —
Aroused by failure to get action on
the Interior Department appropria
tion bill, Senate Republican leaders
served notice today they would seek
a night session tomorrow.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. (112l 3 ) —
Aroused by failure to get action on
the Interior Department appropria
tion bill, Senate Republican leaders
served notice today they would seek
a night session tomorrow.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. (112l 3 ) —
Aroused by failure to get action on
the Interior Department appropria
tion bill, Senate Republican leaders
served notice today they would seek
a night session tomorrow.
