# Untitled Article
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Jan. 19. (AP)—Mayor
Walker, described Saturday as on
the verge of a physical breakdown,
was reported slightly improved to
dav.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19. (AP)—Mayor
Walker, described Saturday as on
the verge of a physical breakdown,
was reported slightly improved to
dav.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19. (AP)—Mayor
Walker, described Saturday as on
the verge of a physical breakdown,
was reported slightly improved to
dav.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19. (AP)—Mayor
Walker, described Saturday as on
the verge of a physical breakdown,
was reported slightly improved to
dav.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19. (AP)—Mayor
Walker, described Saturday as on
the verge of a physical breakdown,
was reported slightly improved to
dav.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19. (AP)—Mayor
Walker, described Saturday as on
the verge of a physical breakdown,
was reported slightly improved to
dav.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19. (AP)—Mayor
Walker, described Saturday as on
the verge of a physical breakdown,
was reported slightly improved to
dav.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19. (AP)—Mayor
Walker, described Saturday as on
the verge of a physical breakdown,
was reported slightly improved to
dav.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19. (AP)—Mayor
Walker, described Saturday as on
the verge of a physical breakdown,
was reported slightly improved to
dav.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19. (AP)—Mayor
Walker, described Saturday as on
the verge of a physical breakdown,
was reported slightly improved to
dav.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19. (AP)—Mayor
Walker, described Saturday as on
the verge of a physical breakdown,
was reported slightly improved to
dav.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19. (AP)—Mayor
Walker, described Saturday as on
the verge of a physical breakdown,
was reported slightly improved to
dav.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19. (AP)—Mayor
Walker, described Saturday as on
the verge of a physical breakdown,
was reported slightly improved to
dav.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19. (AP)—Mayor
Walker, described Saturday as on
the verge of a physical breakdown,
was reported slightly improved to
dav.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19. (AP)—Mayor
Walker, described Saturday as on
the verge of a physical breakdown,
was reported slightly improved to
dav.
