# Notre Dame Captain
## 
### 

I'rcsa Phcto
Tom Yarr, first string ccnter ol
the 1930 Notre Dame football team
was elected captain for 1931 at an
nual banquet for lettermcn.

I'rcsa Phcto
Tom Yarr, first string ccnter ol
the 1930 Notre Dame football team
was elected captain for 1931 at an
nual banquet for lettermcn.

I'rcsa Phcto
Tom Yarr, first string ccnter ol
the 1930 Notre Dame football team
was elected captain for 1931 at an
nual banquet for lettermcn.

I'rcsa Phcto
Tom Yarr, first string ccnter ol
the 1930 Notre Dame football team
was elected captain for 1931 at an
nual banquet for lettermcn.

I'rcsa Phcto
Tom Yarr, first string ccnter ol
the 1930 Notre Dame football team
was elected captain for 1931 at an
nual banquet for lettermcn.

I'rcsa Phcto
Tom Yarr, first string ccnter ol
the 1930 Notre Dame football team
was elected captain for 1931 at an
nual banquet for lettermcn.

I'rcsa Phcto
Tom Yarr, first string ccnter ol
the 1930 Notre Dame football team
was elected captain for 1931 at an
nual banquet for lettermcn.

I'rcsa Phcto
Tom Yarr, first string ccnter ol
the 1930 Notre Dame football team
was elected captain for 1931 at an
nual banquet for lettermcn.

I'rcsa Phcto
Tom Yarr, first string ccnter ol
the 1930 Notre Dame football team
was elected captain for 1931 at an
nual banquet for lettermcn.

I'rcsa Phcto
Tom Yarr, first string ccnter ol
the 1930 Notre Dame football team
was elected captain for 1931 at an
nual banquet for lettermcn.

I'rcsa Phcto
Tom Yarr, first string ccnter ol
the 1930 Notre Dame football team
was elected captain for 1931 at an
nual banquet for lettermcn.

I'rcsa Phcto
Tom Yarr, first string ccnter ol
the 1930 Notre Dame football team
was elected captain for 1931 at an
nual banquet for lettermcn.

I'rcsa Phcto
Tom Yarr, first string ccnter ol
the 1930 Notre Dame football team
was elected captain for 1931 at an
nual banquet for lettermcn.

I'rcsa Phcto
Tom Yarr, first string ccnter ol
the 1930 Notre Dame football team
was elected captain for 1931 at an
nual banquet for lettermcn.

I'rcsa Phcto
Tom Yarr, first string ccnter ol
the 1930 Notre Dame football team
was elected captain for 1931 at an
nual banquet for lettermcn.
