# Communication.
## 
### 
The rumor that the members of
the Daily Palo Alto staff, on the
occasion of having their picture
taken, rodd to and from Palo Alto
in a bus ovjned by Peter Mullen, is
untrue. The person or persons
starting this rumor told a deliber
ate falsehood. The members of the
staff rode to and from the photo
grapher's in a bus owned and driv
en by Bracchi. Moreover, the en
tire staff was unanimous in its de
cision that it would not patronize
Peter Mullen.
L. R. Weinmann.
The rumor that the members of
the Daily Palo Alto staff, on the
occasion of having their picture
taken, rodd to and from Palo Alto
in a bus ovjned by Peter Mullen, is
untrue. The person or persons
starting this rumor told a deliber
ate falsehood. The members of the
staff rode to and from the photo
grapher's in a bus owned and driv
en by Bracchi. Moreover, the en
tire staff was unanimous in its de
cision that it would not patronize
Peter Mullen.
L. R. Weinmann.
The rumor that the members of
the Daily Palo Alto staff, on the
occasion of having their picture
taken, rodd to and from Palo Alto
in a bus ovjned by Peter Mullen, is
untrue. The person or persons
starting this rumor told a deliber
ate falsehood. The members of the
staff rode to and from the photo
grapher's in a bus owned and driv
en by Bracchi. Moreover, the en
tire staff was unanimous in its de
cision that it would not patronize
Peter Mullen.
L. R. Weinmann.
The rumor that the members of
the Daily Palo Alto staff, on the
occasion of having their picture
taken, rodd to and from Palo Alto
in a bus ovjned by Peter Mullen, is
untrue. The person or persons
starting this rumor told a deliber
ate falsehood. The members of the
staff rode to and from the photo
grapher's in a bus owned and driv
en by Bracchi. Moreover, the en
tire staff was unanimous in its de
cision that it would not patronize
Peter Mullen.
L. R. Weinmann.
The rumor that the members of
the Daily Palo Alto staff, on the
occasion of having their picture
taken, rodd to and from Palo Alto
in a bus ovjned by Peter Mullen, is
untrue. The person or persons
starting this rumor told a deliber
ate falsehood. The members of the
staff rode to and from the photo
grapher's in a bus owned and driv
en by Bracchi. Moreover, the en
tire staff was unanimous in its de
cision that it would not patronize
Peter Mullen.
L. R. Weinmann.
The rumor that the members of
the Daily Palo Alto staff, on the
occasion of having their picture
taken, rodd to and from Palo Alto
in a bus ovjned by Peter Mullen, is
untrue. The person or persons
starting this rumor told a deliber
ate falsehood. The members of the
staff rode to and from the photo
grapher's in a bus owned and driv
en by Bracchi. Moreover, the en
tire staff was unanimous in its de
cision that it would not patronize
Peter Mullen.
L. R. Weinmann.
The rumor that the members of
the Daily Palo Alto staff, on the
occasion of having their picture
taken, rodd to and from Palo Alto
in a bus ovjned by Peter Mullen, is
untrue. The person or persons
starting this rumor told a deliber
ate falsehood. The members of the
staff rode to and from the photo
grapher's in a bus owned and driv
en by Bracchi. Moreover, the en
tire staff was unanimous in its de
cision that it would not patronize
Peter Mullen.
L. R. Weinmann.
The rumor that the members of
the Daily Palo Alto staff, on the
occasion of having their picture
taken, rodd to and from Palo Alto
in a bus ovjned by Peter Mullen, is
untrue. The person or persons
starting this rumor told a deliber
ate falsehood. The members of the
staff rode to and from the photo
grapher's in a bus owned and driv
en by Bracchi. Moreover, the en
tire staff was unanimous in its de
cision that it would not patronize
Peter Mullen.
L. R. Weinmann.
The rumor that the members of
the Daily Palo Alto staff, on the
occasion of having their picture
taken, rodd to and from Palo Alto
in a bus ovjned by Peter Mullen, is
untrue. The person or persons
starting this rumor told a deliber
ate falsehood. The members of the
staff rode to and from the photo
grapher's in a bus owned and driv
en by Bracchi. Moreover, the en
tire staff was unanimous in its de
cision that it would not patronize
Peter Mullen.
L. R. Weinmann.
