# TEACHERS TO CONVENE
## STATE ASSOCIATION WILL MEET DURING CHRISTMAS WEEK. Sessions Will Be Held at Berkeley and San Francisco.—Heavy Attendance Expected. 
### 
The annual meeting of the Cali
fornia State Teacherß' Association
will be held at Berkeley from Tues
day, December 26th, to Saturday,
December 30th. Owing to the heavy
attendance already pledged, gen
eral sessions will be held in San
Francisco as well, although all de
partment meetings will be held in
Berkeley, and all business matters
will be brought before the general
session there.
The general sebsionß will be de
voted to talks by speakers of state
and national reputation, on ques
tions of policy in the reorganiza
tion and future management of the
association, and on teachers' inter
ests.
The introductory address at this
session will be given by President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, of the Uni
versity of California, on "The Re
lation of the Parts to the Whole
in California Education." Other
speakers who will take part in
this conference are Superintendent
L. D. Harvey of Wisconsin, A. E.
Winship, editor of the Journal of
Education, Boston, and Doctor A.
C. True, director of experiment
stations, U. S. Department of Agri
culture, Washington, D. C. Efforts
are being made to secure the at
tendance of Luther Burbank of
Santa Rosa, Superintendent W. H.
Maxwell of New York City, and
Doctor Frank McMurry of Colum
bia University.
The different department institu
tions that will hold their annual
conferences in this connection are
the State Farmers' Institute, Li
brary Association of California,
School Board, representing all the
district public schools as well as
the higher academic institutions,
Council of Education, Elementary
Teachers' Association, High School
Teachers' Association, County
Board Organization, Department
of Nature Study and Agriculture,
Drawing and Manual Training
Teachers' Association, California
Physical Geography Club, Pacific
Coast Association of Physics and
Chemistry Teachers.
The California educational ex
hibit, now at Portland, has been
shipped to Berkeley, where it will
be installed in North Hall, and
will lie thrown open to inspection
of the public at some time during
the convention. Efforts are being
made to secure portions of educa
tional exhibits displayed at Port
land by Oregon and other Pacific
Coast states and territories.
At the request of James Garr,
president of the association, Doctor
David Starr Jordan has made pro
visions for the appointment of a
committee, the purpose of which is
to get as large an attendance of
Stanford people as possible.
Thursday, December 28th, will
be "Stanford University Day." On
that afternoon the buildings and
grounds of this University will be

open to the visitors of the conven
tion. The buildings of special edu
cational and artistic interest, such
as the Library, Museum, and Me
morial Church,will be open between
the hours of one and five. At four
o'clock a specially arranged pro
gram of classic music will be
played in Memorial Church by the
University organist.
The railroad company will run
a special excursion train from San
Francisco to Palo Alto, and back
again that afternoon.
The annual meeting of the Cali
fornia State Teacherß' Association
will be held at Berkeley from Tues
day, December 26th, to Saturday,
December 30th. Owing to the heavy
attendance already pledged, gen
eral sessions will be held in San
Francisco as well, although all de
partment meetings will be held in
Berkeley, and all business matters
will be brought before the general
session there.
The general sebsionß will be de
voted to talks by speakers of state
and national reputation, on ques
tions of policy in the reorganiza
tion and future management of the
association, and on teachers' inter
ests.
The introductory address at this
session will be given by President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, of the Uni
versity of California, on "The Re
lation of the Parts to the Whole
in California Education." Other
speakers who will take part in
this conference are Superintendent
L. D. Harvey of Wisconsin, A. E.
Winship, editor of the Journal of
Education, Boston, and Doctor A.
C. True, director of experiment
stations, U. S. Department of Agri
culture, Washington, D. C. Efforts
are being made to secure the at
tendance of Luther Burbank of
Santa Rosa, Superintendent W. H.
Maxwell of New York City, and
Doctor Frank McMurry of Colum
bia University.
The different department institu
tions that will hold their annual
conferences in this connection are
the State Farmers' Institute, Li
brary Association of California,
School Board, representing all the
district public schools as well as
the higher academic institutions,
Council of Education, Elementary
Teachers' Association, High School
Teachers' Association, County
Board Organization, Department
of Nature Study and Agriculture,
Drawing and Manual Training
Teachers' Association, California
Physical Geography Club, Pacific
Coast Association of Physics and
Chemistry Teachers.
The California educational ex
hibit, now at Portland, has been
shipped to Berkeley, where it will
be installed in North Hall, and
will lie thrown open to inspection
of the public at some time during
the convention. Efforts are being
made to secure portions of educa
tional exhibits displayed at Port
land by Oregon and other Pacific
Coast states and territories.
At the request of James Garr,
president of the association, Doctor
David Starr Jordan has made pro
visions for the appointment of a
committee, the purpose of which is
to get as large an attendance of
Stanford people as possible.
Thursday, December 28th, will
be "Stanford University Day." On
that afternoon the buildings and
grounds of this University will be

open to the visitors of the conven
tion. The buildings of special edu
cational and artistic interest, such
as the Library, Museum, and Me
morial Church,will be open between
the hours of one and five. At four
o'clock a specially arranged pro
gram of classic music will be
played in Memorial Church by the
University organist.
The railroad company will run
a special excursion train from San
Francisco to Palo Alto, and back
again that afternoon.
The annual meeting of the Cali
fornia State Teacherß' Association
will be held at Berkeley from Tues
day, December 26th, to Saturday,
December 30th. Owing to the heavy
attendance already pledged, gen
eral sessions will be held in San
Francisco as well, although all de
partment meetings will be held in
Berkeley, and all business matters
will be brought before the general
session there.
The general sebsionß will be de
voted to talks by speakers of state
and national reputation, on ques
tions of policy in the reorganiza
tion and future management of the
association, and on teachers' inter
ests.
The introductory address at this
session will be given by President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, of the Uni
versity of California, on "The Re
lation of the Parts to the Whole
in California Education." Other
speakers who will take part in
this conference are Superintendent
L. D. Harvey of Wisconsin, A. E.
Winship, editor of the Journal of
Education, Boston, and Doctor A.
C. True, director of experiment
stations, U. S. Department of Agri
culture, Washington, D. C. Efforts
are being made to secure the at
tendance of Luther Burbank of
Santa Rosa, Superintendent W. H.
Maxwell of New York City, and
Doctor Frank McMurry of Colum
bia University.
The different department institu
tions that will hold their annual
conferences in this connection are
the State Farmers' Institute, Li
brary Association of California,
School Board, representing all the
district public schools as well as
the higher academic institutions,
Council of Education, Elementary
Teachers' Association, High School
Teachers' Association, County
Board Organization, Department
of Nature Study and Agriculture,
Drawing and Manual Training
Teachers' Association, California
Physical Geography Club, Pacific
Coast Association of Physics and
Chemistry Teachers.
The California educational ex
hibit, now at Portland, has been
shipped to Berkeley, where it will
be installed in North Hall, and
will lie thrown open to inspection
of the public at some time during
the convention. Efforts are being
made to secure portions of educa
tional exhibits displayed at Port
land by Oregon and other Pacific
Coast states and territories.
At the request of James Garr,
president of the association, Doctor
David Starr Jordan has made pro
visions for the appointment of a
committee, the purpose of which is
to get as large an attendance of
Stanford people as possible.
Thursday, December 28th, will
be "Stanford University Day." On
that afternoon the buildings and
grounds of this University will be

open to the visitors of the conven
tion. The buildings of special edu
cational and artistic interest, such
as the Library, Museum, and Me
morial Church,will be open between
the hours of one and five. At four
o'clock a specially arranged pro
gram of classic music will be
played in Memorial Church by the
University organist.
The railroad company will run
a special excursion train from San
Francisco to Palo Alto, and back
again that afternoon.
The annual meeting of the Cali
fornia State Teacherß' Association
will be held at Berkeley from Tues
day, December 26th, to Saturday,
December 30th. Owing to the heavy
attendance already pledged, gen
eral sessions will be held in San
Francisco as well, although all de
partment meetings will be held in
Berkeley, and all business matters
will be brought before the general
session there.
The general sebsionß will be de
voted to talks by speakers of state
and national reputation, on ques
tions of policy in the reorganiza
tion and future management of the
association, and on teachers' inter
ests.
The introductory address at this
session will be given by President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, of the Uni
versity of California, on "The Re
lation of the Parts to the Whole
in California Education." Other
speakers who will take part in
this conference are Superintendent
L. D. Harvey of Wisconsin, A. E.
Winship, editor of the Journal of
Education, Boston, and Doctor A.
C. True, director of experiment
stations, U. S. Department of Agri
culture, Washington, D. C. Efforts
are being made to secure the at
tendance of Luther Burbank of
Santa Rosa, Superintendent W. H.
Maxwell of New York City, and
Doctor Frank McMurry of Colum
bia University.
The different department institu
tions that will hold their annual
conferences in this connection are
the State Farmers' Institute, Li
brary Association of California,
School Board, representing all the
district public schools as well as
the higher academic institutions,
Council of Education, Elementary
Teachers' Association, High School
Teachers' Association, County
Board Organization, Department
of Nature Study and Agriculture,
Drawing and Manual Training
Teachers' Association, California
Physical Geography Club, Pacific
Coast Association of Physics and
Chemistry Teachers.
The California educational ex
hibit, now at Portland, has been
shipped to Berkeley, where it will
be installed in North Hall, and
will lie thrown open to inspection
of the public at some time during
the convention. Efforts are being
made to secure portions of educa
tional exhibits displayed at Port
land by Oregon and other Pacific
Coast states and territories.
At the request of James Garr,
president of the association, Doctor
David Starr Jordan has made pro
visions for the appointment of a
committee, the purpose of which is
to get as large an attendance of
Stanford people as possible.
Thursday, December 28th, will
be "Stanford University Day." On
that afternoon the buildings and
grounds of this University will be

open to the visitors of the conven
tion. The buildings of special edu
cational and artistic interest, such
as the Library, Museum, and Me
morial Church,will be open between
the hours of one and five. At four
o'clock a specially arranged pro
gram of classic music will be
played in Memorial Church by the
University organist.
The railroad company will run
a special excursion train from San
Francisco to Palo Alto, and back
again that afternoon.
The annual meeting of the Cali
fornia State Teacherß' Association
will be held at Berkeley from Tues
day, December 26th, to Saturday,
December 30th. Owing to the heavy
attendance already pledged, gen
eral sessions will be held in San
Francisco as well, although all de
partment meetings will be held in
Berkeley, and all business matters
will be brought before the general
session there.
The general sebsionß will be de
voted to talks by speakers of state
and national reputation, on ques
tions of policy in the reorganiza
tion and future management of the
association, and on teachers' inter
ests.
The introductory address at this
session will be given by President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, of the Uni
versity of California, on "The Re
lation of the Parts to the Whole
in California Education." Other
speakers who will take part in
this conference are Superintendent
L. D. Harvey of Wisconsin, A. E.
Winship, editor of the Journal of
Education, Boston, and Doctor A.
C. True, director of experiment
stations, U. S. Department of Agri
culture, Washington, D. C. Efforts
are being made to secure the at
tendance of Luther Burbank of
Santa Rosa, Superintendent W. H.
Maxwell of New York City, and
Doctor Frank McMurry of Colum
bia University.
The different department institu
tions that will hold their annual
conferences in this connection are
the State Farmers' Institute, Li
brary Association of California,
School Board, representing all the
district public schools as well as
the higher academic institutions,
Council of Education, Elementary
Teachers' Association, High School
Teachers' Association, County
Board Organization, Department
of Nature Study and Agriculture,
Drawing and Manual Training
Teachers' Association, California
Physical Geography Club, Pacific
Coast Association of Physics and
Chemistry Teachers.
The California educational ex
hibit, now at Portland, has been
shipped to Berkeley, where it will
be installed in North Hall, and
will lie thrown open to inspection
of the public at some time during
the convention. Efforts are being
made to secure portions of educa
tional exhibits displayed at Port
land by Oregon and other Pacific
Coast states and territories.
At the request of James Garr,
president of the association, Doctor
David Starr Jordan has made pro
visions for the appointment of a
committee, the purpose of which is
to get as large an attendance of
Stanford people as possible.
Thursday, December 28th, will
be "Stanford University Day." On
that afternoon the buildings and
grounds of this University will be

open to the visitors of the conven
tion. The buildings of special edu
cational and artistic interest, such
as the Library, Museum, and Me
morial Church,will be open between
the hours of one and five. At four
o'clock a specially arranged pro
gram of classic music will be
played in Memorial Church by the
University organist.
The railroad company will run
a special excursion train from San
Francisco to Palo Alto, and back
again that afternoon.
The annual meeting of the Cali
fornia State Teacherß' Association
will be held at Berkeley from Tues
day, December 26th, to Saturday,
December 30th. Owing to the heavy
attendance already pledged, gen
eral sessions will be held in San
Francisco as well, although all de
partment meetings will be held in
Berkeley, and all business matters
will be brought before the general
session there.
The general sebsionß will be de
voted to talks by speakers of state
and national reputation, on ques
tions of policy in the reorganiza
tion and future management of the
association, and on teachers' inter
ests.
The introductory address at this
session will be given by President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, of the Uni
versity of California, on "The Re
lation of the Parts to the Whole
in California Education." Other
speakers who will take part in
this conference are Superintendent
L. D. Harvey of Wisconsin, A. E.
Winship, editor of the Journal of
Education, Boston, and Doctor A.
C. True, director of experiment
stations, U. S. Department of Agri
culture, Washington, D. C. Efforts
are being made to secure the at
tendance of Luther Burbank of
Santa Rosa, Superintendent W. H.
Maxwell of New York City, and
Doctor Frank McMurry of Colum
bia University.
The different department institu
tions that will hold their annual
conferences in this connection are
the State Farmers' Institute, Li
brary Association of California,
School Board, representing all the
district public schools as well as
the higher academic institutions,
Council of Education, Elementary
Teachers' Association, High School
Teachers' Association, County
Board Organization, Department
of Nature Study and Agriculture,
Drawing and Manual Training
Teachers' Association, California
Physical Geography Club, Pacific
Coast Association of Physics and
Chemistry Teachers.
The California educational ex
hibit, now at Portland, has been
shipped to Berkeley, where it will
be installed in North Hall, and
will lie thrown open to inspection
of the public at some time during
the convention. Efforts are being
made to secure portions of educa
tional exhibits displayed at Port
land by Oregon and other Pacific
Coast states and territories.
At the request of James Garr,
president of the association, Doctor
David Starr Jordan has made pro
visions for the appointment of a
committee, the purpose of which is
to get as large an attendance of
Stanford people as possible.
Thursday, December 28th, will
be "Stanford University Day." On
that afternoon the buildings and
grounds of this University will be

open to the visitors of the conven
tion. The buildings of special edu
cational and artistic interest, such
as the Library, Museum, and Me
morial Church,will be open between
the hours of one and five. At four
o'clock a specially arranged pro
gram of classic music will be
played in Memorial Church by the
University organist.
The railroad company will run
a special excursion train from San
Francisco to Palo Alto, and back
again that afternoon.
The annual meeting of the Cali
fornia State Teacherß' Association
will be held at Berkeley from Tues
day, December 26th, to Saturday,
December 30th. Owing to the heavy
attendance already pledged, gen
eral sessions will be held in San
Francisco as well, although all de
partment meetings will be held in
Berkeley, and all business matters
will be brought before the general
session there.
The general sebsionß will be de
voted to talks by speakers of state
and national reputation, on ques
tions of policy in the reorganiza
tion and future management of the
association, and on teachers' inter
ests.
The introductory address at this
session will be given by President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, of the Uni
versity of California, on "The Re
lation of the Parts to the Whole
in California Education." Other
speakers who will take part in
this conference are Superintendent
L. D. Harvey of Wisconsin, A. E.
Winship, editor of the Journal of
Education, Boston, and Doctor A.
C. True, director of experiment
stations, U. S. Department of Agri
culture, Washington, D. C. Efforts
are being made to secure the at
tendance of Luther Burbank of
Santa Rosa, Superintendent W. H.
Maxwell of New York City, and
Doctor Frank McMurry of Colum
bia University.
The different department institu
tions that will hold their annual
conferences in this connection are
the State Farmers' Institute, Li
brary Association of California,
School Board, representing all the
district public schools as well as
the higher academic institutions,
Council of Education, Elementary
Teachers' Association, High School
Teachers' Association, County
Board Organization, Department
of Nature Study and Agriculture,
Drawing and Manual Training
Teachers' Association, California
Physical Geography Club, Pacific
Coast Association of Physics and
Chemistry Teachers.
The California educational ex
hibit, now at Portland, has been
shipped to Berkeley, where it will
be installed in North Hall, and
will lie thrown open to inspection
of the public at some time during
the convention. Efforts are being
made to secure portions of educa
tional exhibits displayed at Port
land by Oregon and other Pacific
Coast states and territories.
At the request of James Garr,
president of the association, Doctor
David Starr Jordan has made pro
visions for the appointment of a
committee, the purpose of which is
to get as large an attendance of
Stanford people as possible.
Thursday, December 28th, will
be "Stanford University Day." On
that afternoon the buildings and
grounds of this University will be

open to the visitors of the conven
tion. The buildings of special edu
cational and artistic interest, such
as the Library, Museum, and Me
morial Church,will be open between
the hours of one and five. At four
o'clock a specially arranged pro
gram of classic music will be
played in Memorial Church by the
University organist.
The railroad company will run
a special excursion train from San
Francisco to Palo Alto, and back
again that afternoon.
The annual meeting of the Cali
fornia State Teacherß' Association
will be held at Berkeley from Tues
day, December 26th, to Saturday,
December 30th. Owing to the heavy
attendance already pledged, gen
eral sessions will be held in San
Francisco as well, although all de
partment meetings will be held in
Berkeley, and all business matters
will be brought before the general
session there.
The general sebsionß will be de
voted to talks by speakers of state
and national reputation, on ques
tions of policy in the reorganiza
tion and future management of the
association, and on teachers' inter
ests.
The introductory address at this
session will be given by President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, of the Uni
versity of California, on "The Re
lation of the Parts to the Whole
in California Education." Other
speakers who will take part in
this conference are Superintendent
L. D. Harvey of Wisconsin, A. E.
Winship, editor of the Journal of
Education, Boston, and Doctor A.
C. True, director of experiment
stations, U. S. Department of Agri
culture, Washington, D. C. Efforts
are being made to secure the at
tendance of Luther Burbank of
Santa Rosa, Superintendent W. H.
Maxwell of New York City, and
Doctor Frank McMurry of Colum
bia University.
The different department institu
tions that will hold their annual
conferences in this connection are
the State Farmers' Institute, Li
brary Association of California,
School Board, representing all the
district public schools as well as
the higher academic institutions,
Council of Education, Elementary
Teachers' Association, High School
Teachers' Association, County
Board Organization, Department
of Nature Study and Agriculture,
Drawing and Manual Training
Teachers' Association, California
Physical Geography Club, Pacific
Coast Association of Physics and
Chemistry Teachers.
The California educational ex
hibit, now at Portland, has been
shipped to Berkeley, where it will
be installed in North Hall, and
will lie thrown open to inspection
of the public at some time during
the convention. Efforts are being
made to secure portions of educa
tional exhibits displayed at Port
land by Oregon and other Pacific
Coast states and territories.
At the request of James Garr,
president of the association, Doctor
David Starr Jordan has made pro
visions for the appointment of a
committee, the purpose of which is
to get as large an attendance of
Stanford people as possible.
Thursday, December 28th, will
be "Stanford University Day." On
that afternoon the buildings and
grounds of this University will be

open to the visitors of the conven
tion. The buildings of special edu
cational and artistic interest, such
as the Library, Museum, and Me
morial Church,will be open between
the hours of one and five. At four
o'clock a specially arranged pro
gram of classic music will be
played in Memorial Church by the
University organist.
The railroad company will run
a special excursion train from San
Francisco to Palo Alto, and back
again that afternoon.
The annual meeting of the Cali
fornia State Teacherß' Association
will be held at Berkeley from Tues
day, December 26th, to Saturday,
December 30th. Owing to the heavy
attendance already pledged, gen
eral sessions will be held in San
Francisco as well, although all de
partment meetings will be held in
Berkeley, and all business matters
will be brought before the general
session there.
The general sebsionß will be de
voted to talks by speakers of state
and national reputation, on ques
tions of policy in the reorganiza
tion and future management of the
association, and on teachers' inter
ests.
The introductory address at this
session will be given by President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, of the Uni
versity of California, on "The Re
lation of the Parts to the Whole
in California Education." Other
speakers who will take part in
this conference are Superintendent
L. D. Harvey of Wisconsin, A. E.
Winship, editor of the Journal of
Education, Boston, and Doctor A.
C. True, director of experiment
stations, U. S. Department of Agri
culture, Washington, D. C. Efforts
are being made to secure the at
tendance of Luther Burbank of
Santa Rosa, Superintendent W. H.
Maxwell of New York City, and
Doctor Frank McMurry of Colum
bia University.
The different department institu
tions that will hold their annual
conferences in this connection are
the State Farmers' Institute, Li
brary Association of California,
School Board, representing all the
district public schools as well as
the higher academic institutions,
Council of Education, Elementary
Teachers' Association, High School
Teachers' Association, County
Board Organization, Department
of Nature Study and Agriculture,
Drawing and Manual Training
Teachers' Association, California
Physical Geography Club, Pacific
Coast Association of Physics and
Chemistry Teachers.
The California educational ex
hibit, now at Portland, has been
shipped to Berkeley, where it will
be installed in North Hall, and
will lie thrown open to inspection
of the public at some time during
the convention. Efforts are being
made to secure portions of educa
tional exhibits displayed at Port
land by Oregon and other Pacific
Coast states and territories.
At the request of James Garr,
president of the association, Doctor
David Starr Jordan has made pro
visions for the appointment of a
committee, the purpose of which is
to get as large an attendance of
Stanford people as possible.
Thursday, December 28th, will
be "Stanford University Day." On
that afternoon the buildings and
grounds of this University will be

open to the visitors of the conven
tion. The buildings of special edu
cational and artistic interest, such
as the Library, Museum, and Me
morial Church,will be open between
the hours of one and five. At four
o'clock a specially arranged pro
gram of classic music will be
played in Memorial Church by the
University organist.
The railroad company will run
a special excursion train from San
Francisco to Palo Alto, and back
again that afternoon.
