# SAVAGE RESIGNS FROM GUILD
## J.N. Stanford, '06, Succeeds Him in Handling the Funds. 
### 
At a special meeting of the Board
of Directors of the Students' Guild
Hospital held this afternoon, H. E.
Savage, '06, presented his resigna
tion from the board. Savage will
graduate at Christmas and will
leave for the Hawaiian Islands on
the 28th of December where he has
accepted a position with a large
sugar plantation.
In accordance with the provisions
of its constitution the board nomi
nated three men, one of whom will
be chosen by the Executive Com
mittee to-night, to succeed Savage.
These men are E. A. Austin, '06,
J. C. Macfarland, '07, and S. S.
Smith, '07. Savage was also treas
urer of the Guild and he therefore
resigned this position. J. N. Stan
ford, '06, the secretary of the Guild,
was appointed to succeed him, while
G. J. Presley, '07, will assume
Stanford's position as secretary.
Manager Barrett appointed Pro
fessor W. F. Durand, G.J. Presley,
'07, and J. N. Stanford, '06, as an
auditing committee to examine
Savage's accounts.
At a special meeting of the Board
of Directors of the Students' Guild
Hospital held this afternoon, H. E.
Savage, '06, presented his resigna
tion from the board. Savage will
graduate at Christmas and will
leave for the Hawaiian Islands on
the 28th of December where he has
accepted a position with a large
sugar plantation.
In accordance with the provisions
of its constitution the board nomi
nated three men, one of whom will
be chosen by the Executive Com
mittee to-night, to succeed Savage.
These men are E. A. Austin, '06,
J. C. Macfarland, '07, and S. S.
Smith, '07. Savage was also treas
urer of the Guild and he therefore
resigned this position. J. N. Stan
ford, '06, the secretary of the Guild,
was appointed to succeed him, while
G. J. Presley, '07, will assume
Stanford's position as secretary.
Manager Barrett appointed Pro
fessor W. F. Durand, G.J. Presley,
'07, and J. N. Stanford, '06, as an
auditing committee to examine
Savage's accounts.
At a special meeting of the Board
of Directors of the Students' Guild
Hospital held this afternoon, H. E.
Savage, '06, presented his resigna
tion from the board. Savage will
graduate at Christmas and will
leave for the Hawaiian Islands on
the 28th of December where he has
accepted a position with a large
sugar plantation.
In accordance with the provisions
of its constitution the board nomi
nated three men, one of whom will
be chosen by the Executive Com
mittee to-night, to succeed Savage.
These men are E. A. Austin, '06,
J. C. Macfarland, '07, and S. S.
Smith, '07. Savage was also treas
urer of the Guild and he therefore
resigned this position. J. N. Stan
ford, '06, the secretary of the Guild,
was appointed to succeed him, while
G. J. Presley, '07, will assume
Stanford's position as secretary.
Manager Barrett appointed Pro
fessor W. F. Durand, G.J. Presley,
'07, and J. N. Stanford, '06, as an
auditing committee to examine
Savage's accounts.
At a special meeting of the Board
of Directors of the Students' Guild
Hospital held this afternoon, H. E.
Savage, '06, presented his resigna
tion from the board. Savage will
graduate at Christmas and will
leave for the Hawaiian Islands on
the 28th of December where he has
accepted a position with a large
sugar plantation.
In accordance with the provisions
of its constitution the board nomi
nated three men, one of whom will
be chosen by the Executive Com
mittee to-night, to succeed Savage.
These men are E. A. Austin, '06,
J. C. Macfarland, '07, and S. S.
Smith, '07. Savage was also treas
urer of the Guild and he therefore
resigned this position. J. N. Stan
ford, '06, the secretary of the Guild,
was appointed to succeed him, while
G. J. Presley, '07, will assume
Stanford's position as secretary.
Manager Barrett appointed Pro
fessor W. F. Durand, G.J. Presley,
'07, and J. N. Stanford, '06, as an
auditing committee to examine
Savage's accounts.
At a special meeting of the Board
of Directors of the Students' Guild
Hospital held this afternoon, H. E.
Savage, '06, presented his resigna
tion from the board. Savage will
graduate at Christmas and will
leave for the Hawaiian Islands on
the 28th of December where he has
accepted a position with a large
sugar plantation.
In accordance with the provisions
of its constitution the board nomi
nated three men, one of whom will
be chosen by the Executive Com
mittee to-night, to succeed Savage.
These men are E. A. Austin, '06,
J. C. Macfarland, '07, and S. S.
Smith, '07. Savage was also treas
urer of the Guild and he therefore
resigned this position. J. N. Stan
ford, '06, the secretary of the Guild,
was appointed to succeed him, while
G. J. Presley, '07, will assume
Stanford's position as secretary.
Manager Barrett appointed Pro
fessor W. F. Durand, G.J. Presley,
'07, and J. N. Stanford, '06, as an
auditing committee to examine
Savage's accounts.
At a special meeting of the Board
of Directors of the Students' Guild
Hospital held this afternoon, H. E.
Savage, '06, presented his resigna
tion from the board. Savage will
graduate at Christmas and will
leave for the Hawaiian Islands on
the 28th of December where he has
accepted a position with a large
sugar plantation.
In accordance with the provisions
of its constitution the board nomi
nated three men, one of whom will
be chosen by the Executive Com
mittee to-night, to succeed Savage.
These men are E. A. Austin, '06,
J. C. Macfarland, '07, and S. S.
Smith, '07. Savage was also treas
urer of the Guild and he therefore
resigned this position. J. N. Stan
ford, '06, the secretary of the Guild,
was appointed to succeed him, while
G. J. Presley, '07, will assume
Stanford's position as secretary.
Manager Barrett appointed Pro
fessor W. F. Durand, G.J. Presley,
'07, and J. N. Stanford, '06, as an
auditing committee to examine
Savage's accounts.
At a special meeting of the Board
of Directors of the Students' Guild
Hospital held this afternoon, H. E.
Savage, '06, presented his resigna
tion from the board. Savage will
graduate at Christmas and will
leave for the Hawaiian Islands on
the 28th of December where he has
accepted a position with a large
sugar plantation.
In accordance with the provisions
of its constitution the board nomi
nated three men, one of whom will
be chosen by the Executive Com
mittee to-night, to succeed Savage.
These men are E. A. Austin, '06,
J. C. Macfarland, '07, and S. S.
Smith, '07. Savage was also treas
urer of the Guild and he therefore
resigned this position. J. N. Stan
ford, '06, the secretary of the Guild,
was appointed to succeed him, while
G. J. Presley, '07, will assume
Stanford's position as secretary.
Manager Barrett appointed Pro
fessor W. F. Durand, G.J. Presley,
'07, and J. N. Stanford, '06, as an
auditing committee to examine
Savage's accounts.
At a special meeting of the Board
of Directors of the Students' Guild
Hospital held this afternoon, H. E.
Savage, '06, presented his resigna
tion from the board. Savage will
graduate at Christmas and will
leave for the Hawaiian Islands on
the 28th of December where he has
accepted a position with a large
sugar plantation.
In accordance with the provisions
of its constitution the board nomi
nated three men, one of whom will
be chosen by the Executive Com
mittee to-night, to succeed Savage.
These men are E. A. Austin, '06,
J. C. Macfarland, '07, and S. S.
Smith, '07. Savage was also treas
urer of the Guild and he therefore
resigned this position. J. N. Stan
ford, '06, the secretary of the Guild,
was appointed to succeed him, while
G. J. Presley, '07, will assume
Stanford's position as secretary.
Manager Barrett appointed Pro
fessor W. F. Durand, G.J. Presley,
'07, and J. N. Stanford, '06, as an
auditing committee to examine
Savage's accounts.
At a special meeting of the Board
of Directors of the Students' Guild
Hospital held this afternoon, H. E.
Savage, '06, presented his resigna
tion from the board. Savage will
graduate at Christmas and will
leave for the Hawaiian Islands on
the 28th of December where he has
accepted a position with a large
sugar plantation.
In accordance with the provisions
of its constitution the board nomi
nated three men, one of whom will
be chosen by the Executive Com
mittee to-night, to succeed Savage.
These men are E. A. Austin, '06,
J. C. Macfarland, '07, and S. S.
Smith, '07. Savage was also treas
urer of the Guild and he therefore
resigned this position. J. N. Stan
ford, '06, the secretary of the Guild,
was appointed to succeed him, while
G. J. Presley, '07, will assume
Stanford's position as secretary.
Manager Barrett appointed Pro
fessor W. F. Durand, G.J. Presley,
'07, and J. N. Stanford, '06, as an
auditing committee to examine
Savage's accounts.
