# Wear Uniforms All the Time at Nebraska
## 
### 
Students taking military training at
the University of Nebraska are re
quired to wear their R. O. T. C. uni
forms at all times. University dances
there end at 10:30 o'clqck, in accord
ance with the national fuel conserva
tion policy.
Students taking military training at
the University of Nebraska are re
quired to wear their R. O. T. C. uni
forms at all times. University dances
there end at 10:30 o'clqck, in accord
ance with the national fuel conserva
tion policy.
Students taking military training at
the University of Nebraska are re
quired to wear their R. O. T. C. uni
forms at all times. University dances
there end at 10:30 o'clqck, in accord
ance with the national fuel conserva
tion policy.
Students taking military training at
the University of Nebraska are re
quired to wear their R. O. T. C. uni
forms at all times. University dances
there end at 10:30 o'clqck, in accord
ance with the national fuel conserva
tion policy.
Students taking military training at
the University of Nebraska are re
quired to wear their R. O. T. C. uni
forms at all times. University dances
there end at 10:30 o'clqck, in accord
ance with the national fuel conserva
tion policy.
Students taking military training at
the University of Nebraska are re
quired to wear their R. O. T. C. uni
forms at all times. University dances
there end at 10:30 o'clqck, in accord
ance with the national fuel conserva
tion policy.
Students taking military training at
the University of Nebraska are re
quired to wear their R. O. T. C. uni
forms at all times. University dances
there end at 10:30 o'clqck, in accord
ance with the national fuel conserva
tion policy.
Students taking military training at
the University of Nebraska are re
quired to wear their R. O. T. C. uni
forms at all times. University dances
there end at 10:30 o'clqck, in accord
ance with the national fuel conserva
tion policy.
Students taking military training at
the University of Nebraska are re
quired to wear their R. O. T. C. uni
forms at all times. University dances
there end at 10:30 o'clqck, in accord
ance with the national fuel conserva
tion policy.
Students taking military training at
the University of Nebraska are re
quired to wear their R. O. T. C. uni
forms at all times. University dances
there end at 10:30 o'clqck, in accord
ance with the national fuel conserva
tion policy.
Students taking military training at
the University of Nebraska are re
quired to wear their R. O. T. C. uni
forms at all times. University dances
there end at 10:30 o'clqck, in accord
ance with the national fuel conserva
tion policy.
Students taking military training at
the University of Nebraska are re
quired to wear their R. O. T. C. uni
forms at all times. University dances
there end at 10:30 o'clqck, in accord
ance with the national fuel conserva
tion policy.
Students taking military training at
the University of Nebraska are re
quired to wear their R. O. T. C. uni
forms at all times. University dances
there end at 10:30 o'clqck, in accord
ance with the national fuel conserva
tion policy.
Students taking military training at
the University of Nebraska are re
quired to wear their R. O. T. C. uni
forms at all times. University dances
there end at 10:30 o'clqck, in accord
ance with the national fuel conserva
tion policy.
Students taking military training at
the University of Nebraska are re
quired to wear their R. O. T. C. uni
forms at all times. University dances
there end at 10:30 o'clqck, in accord
ance with the national fuel conserva
tion policy.
