# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Miami University held a ham
burger eating contest in 1934.
Miami University held a ham
burger eating contest in 1934.
Miami University held a ham
burger eating contest in 1934.
Miami University held a ham
burger eating contest in 1934.
Miami University held a ham
burger eating contest in 1934.
Miami University held a ham
burger eating contest in 1934.
Miami University held a ham
burger eating contest in 1934.
Miami University held a ham
burger eating contest in 1934.
Miami University held a ham
burger eating contest in 1934.
Miami University held a ham
burger eating contest in 1934.
Miami University held a ham
burger eating contest in 1934.
Miami University held a ham
burger eating contest in 1934.
Miami University held a ham
burger eating contest in 1934.
Miami University held a ham
burger eating contest in 1934.
Miami University held a ham
burger eating contest in 1934.
