# Stanford Poloists Hold Off Stars
## 
### 
Stanford's polo team, which bea f
the Pogonip Club from Santa
two weeks a«o. tied the powerful,
19-goal Pogonip team 2-all with .■
6-goal handicap for Stanford. The
game was played Sunday at the
beautiful Pogonip field in Santa
Cruz.
The Card team, Raul Grether, Bill
Decker. Todd Helser, and Bob Law
son, fought a hard defensive game
against the better-mounted, exper
ienced Clubbers. Bill Decker and
Todd Helser broke away from the
melee to score Stanford's two goals.
Stanford's polo team, which bea f
the Pogonip Club from Santa
two weeks a«o. tied the powerful,
19-goal Pogonip team 2-all with .■
6-goal handicap for Stanford. The
game was played Sunday at the
beautiful Pogonip field in Santa
Cruz.
The Card team, Raul Grether, Bill
Decker. Todd Helser, and Bob Law
son, fought a hard defensive game
against the better-mounted, exper
ienced Clubbers. Bill Decker and
Todd Helser broke away from the
melee to score Stanford's two goals.
Stanford's polo team, which bea f
the Pogonip Club from Santa
two weeks a«o. tied the powerful,
19-goal Pogonip team 2-all with .■
6-goal handicap for Stanford. The
game was played Sunday at the
beautiful Pogonip field in Santa
Cruz.
The Card team, Raul Grether, Bill
Decker. Todd Helser, and Bob Law
son, fought a hard defensive game
against the better-mounted, exper
ienced Clubbers. Bill Decker and
Todd Helser broke away from the
melee to score Stanford's two goals.
Stanford's polo team, which bea f
the Pogonip Club from Santa
two weeks a«o. tied the powerful,
19-goal Pogonip team 2-all with .■
6-goal handicap for Stanford. The
game was played Sunday at the
beautiful Pogonip field in Santa
Cruz.
The Card team, Raul Grether, Bill
Decker. Todd Helser, and Bob Law
son, fought a hard defensive game
against the better-mounted, exper
ienced Clubbers. Bill Decker and
Todd Helser broke away from the
melee to score Stanford's two goals.
Stanford's polo team, which bea f
the Pogonip Club from Santa
two weeks a«o. tied the powerful,
19-goal Pogonip team 2-all with .■
6-goal handicap for Stanford. The
game was played Sunday at the
beautiful Pogonip field in Santa
Cruz.
The Card team, Raul Grether, Bill
Decker. Todd Helser, and Bob Law
son, fought a hard defensive game
against the better-mounted, exper
ienced Clubbers. Bill Decker and
Todd Helser broke away from the
melee to score Stanford's two goals.
Stanford's polo team, which bea f
the Pogonip Club from Santa
two weeks a«o. tied the powerful,
19-goal Pogonip team 2-all with .■
6-goal handicap for Stanford. The
game was played Sunday at the
beautiful Pogonip field in Santa
Cruz.
The Card team, Raul Grether, Bill
Decker. Todd Helser, and Bob Law
son, fought a hard defensive game
against the better-mounted, exper
ienced Clubbers. Bill Decker and
Todd Helser broke away from the
melee to score Stanford's two goals.
Stanford's polo team, which bea f
the Pogonip Club from Santa
two weeks a«o. tied the powerful,
19-goal Pogonip team 2-all with .■
6-goal handicap for Stanford. The
game was played Sunday at the
beautiful Pogonip field in Santa
Cruz.
The Card team, Raul Grether, Bill
Decker. Todd Helser, and Bob Law
son, fought a hard defensive game
against the better-mounted, exper
ienced Clubbers. Bill Decker and
Todd Helser broke away from the
melee to score Stanford's two goals.
Stanford's polo team, which bea f
the Pogonip Club from Santa
two weeks a«o. tied the powerful,
19-goal Pogonip team 2-all with .■
6-goal handicap for Stanford. The
game was played Sunday at the
beautiful Pogonip field in Santa
Cruz.
The Card team, Raul Grether, Bill
Decker. Todd Helser, and Bob Law
son, fought a hard defensive game
against the better-mounted, exper
ienced Clubbers. Bill Decker and
Todd Helser broke away from the
melee to score Stanford's two goals.
Stanford's polo team, which bea f
the Pogonip Club from Santa
two weeks a«o. tied the powerful,
19-goal Pogonip team 2-all with .■
6-goal handicap for Stanford. The
game was played Sunday at the
beautiful Pogonip field in Santa
Cruz.
The Card team, Raul Grether, Bill
Decker. Todd Helser, and Bob Law
son, fought a hard defensive game
against the better-mounted, exper
ienced Clubbers. Bill Decker and
Todd Helser broke away from the
melee to score Stanford's two goals.
Stanford's polo team, which bea f
the Pogonip Club from Santa
two weeks a«o. tied the powerful,
19-goal Pogonip team 2-all with .■
6-goal handicap for Stanford. The
game was played Sunday at the
beautiful Pogonip field in Santa
Cruz.
The Card team, Raul Grether, Bill
Decker. Todd Helser, and Bob Law
son, fought a hard defensive game
against the better-mounted, exper
ienced Clubbers. Bill Decker and
Todd Helser broke away from the
melee to score Stanford's two goals.
Stanford's polo team, which bea f
the Pogonip Club from Santa
two weeks a«o. tied the powerful,
19-goal Pogonip team 2-all with .■
6-goal handicap for Stanford. The
game was played Sunday at the
beautiful Pogonip field in Santa
Cruz.
The Card team, Raul Grether, Bill
Decker. Todd Helser, and Bob Law
son, fought a hard defensive game
against the better-mounted, exper
ienced Clubbers. Bill Decker and
Todd Helser broke away from the
melee to score Stanford's two goals.
Stanford's polo team, which bea f
the Pogonip Club from Santa
two weeks a«o. tied the powerful,
19-goal Pogonip team 2-all with .■
6-goal handicap for Stanford. The
game was played Sunday at the
beautiful Pogonip field in Santa
Cruz.
The Card team, Raul Grether, Bill
Decker. Todd Helser, and Bob Law
son, fought a hard defensive game
against the better-mounted, exper
ienced Clubbers. Bill Decker and
Todd Helser broke away from the
melee to score Stanford's two goals.
Stanford's polo team, which bea f
the Pogonip Club from Santa
two weeks a«o. tied the powerful,
19-goal Pogonip team 2-all with .■
6-goal handicap for Stanford. The
game was played Sunday at the
beautiful Pogonip field in Santa
Cruz.
The Card team, Raul Grether, Bill
Decker. Todd Helser, and Bob Law
son, fought a hard defensive game
against the better-mounted, exper
ienced Clubbers. Bill Decker and
Todd Helser broke away from the
melee to score Stanford's two goals.
Stanford's polo team, which bea f
the Pogonip Club from Santa
two weeks a«o. tied the powerful,
19-goal Pogonip team 2-all with .■
6-goal handicap for Stanford. The
game was played Sunday at the
beautiful Pogonip field in Santa
Cruz.
The Card team, Raul Grether, Bill
Decker. Todd Helser, and Bob Law
son, fought a hard defensive game
against the better-mounted, exper
ienced Clubbers. Bill Decker and
Todd Helser broke away from the
melee to score Stanford's two goals.
Stanford's polo team, which bea f
the Pogonip Club from Santa
two weeks a«o. tied the powerful,
19-goal Pogonip team 2-all with .■
6-goal handicap for Stanford. The
game was played Sunday at the
beautiful Pogonip field in Santa
Cruz.
The Card team, Raul Grether, Bill
Decker. Todd Helser, and Bob Law
son, fought a hard defensive game
against the better-mounted, exper
ienced Clubbers. Bill Decker and
Todd Helser broke away from the
melee to score Stanford's two goals.
