# Mrs. Tresidder Joins Union Girls
## 
### 
Union Unit's seniors were hon
ored Sunday by Mrs. Tresidder who
came down especially from Yosemite
to attend their senior breakfast.
Mrs. Tresidder has been living at
Yosemite since the death of Presi
dent Tresidder. A home near Stan
ford is now being prepared for her.
Miss Brown, chief counselor for
women, gave the senior address.
Other guests included Miss Pat Da
vidson, head of the YWCA; Miss
Strogen, director of Union; Mrs.
White, former Union director; Mrs.
Tibby, head of the Women's Club
house; Mrs. Dice, Union's night as
sistant; and Mrs. Guertin, Union's
housekeeper.
Union Unit's seniors were hon
ored Sunday by Mrs. Tresidder who
came down especially from Yosemite
to attend their senior breakfast.
Mrs. Tresidder has been living at
Yosemite since the death of Presi
dent Tresidder. A home near Stan
ford is now being prepared for her.
Miss Brown, chief counselor for
women, gave the senior address.
Other guests included Miss Pat Da
vidson, head of the YWCA; Miss
Strogen, director of Union; Mrs.
White, former Union director; Mrs.
Tibby, head of the Women's Club
house; Mrs. Dice, Union's night as
sistant; and Mrs. Guertin, Union's
housekeeper.
Union Unit's seniors were hon
ored Sunday by Mrs. Tresidder who
came down especially from Yosemite
to attend their senior breakfast.
Mrs. Tresidder has been living at
Yosemite since the death of Presi
dent Tresidder. A home near Stan
ford is now being prepared for her.
Miss Brown, chief counselor for
women, gave the senior address.
Other guests included Miss Pat Da
vidson, head of the YWCA; Miss
Strogen, director of Union; Mrs.
White, former Union director; Mrs.
Tibby, head of the Women's Club
house; Mrs. Dice, Union's night as
sistant; and Mrs. Guertin, Union's
housekeeper.
Union Unit's seniors were hon
ored Sunday by Mrs. Tresidder who
came down especially from Yosemite
to attend their senior breakfast.
Mrs. Tresidder has been living at
Yosemite since the death of Presi
dent Tresidder. A home near Stan
ford is now being prepared for her.
Miss Brown, chief counselor for
women, gave the senior address.
Other guests included Miss Pat Da
vidson, head of the YWCA; Miss
Strogen, director of Union; Mrs.
White, former Union director; Mrs.
Tibby, head of the Women's Club
house; Mrs. Dice, Union's night as
sistant; and Mrs. Guertin, Union's
housekeeper.
Union Unit's seniors were hon
ored Sunday by Mrs. Tresidder who
came down especially from Yosemite
to attend their senior breakfast.
Mrs. Tresidder has been living at
Yosemite since the death of Presi
dent Tresidder. A home near Stan
ford is now being prepared for her.
Miss Brown, chief counselor for
women, gave the senior address.
Other guests included Miss Pat Da
vidson, head of the YWCA; Miss
Strogen, director of Union; Mrs.
White, former Union director; Mrs.
Tibby, head of the Women's Club
house; Mrs. Dice, Union's night as
sistant; and Mrs. Guertin, Union's
housekeeper.
Union Unit's seniors were hon
ored Sunday by Mrs. Tresidder who
came down especially from Yosemite
to attend their senior breakfast.
Mrs. Tresidder has been living at
Yosemite since the death of Presi
dent Tresidder. A home near Stan
ford is now being prepared for her.
Miss Brown, chief counselor for
women, gave the senior address.
Other guests included Miss Pat Da
vidson, head of the YWCA; Miss
Strogen, director of Union; Mrs.
White, former Union director; Mrs.
Tibby, head of the Women's Club
house; Mrs. Dice, Union's night as
sistant; and Mrs. Guertin, Union's
housekeeper.
Union Unit's seniors were hon
ored Sunday by Mrs. Tresidder who
came down especially from Yosemite
to attend their senior breakfast.
Mrs. Tresidder has been living at
Yosemite since the death of Presi
dent Tresidder. A home near Stan
ford is now being prepared for her.
Miss Brown, chief counselor for
women, gave the senior address.
Other guests included Miss Pat Da
vidson, head of the YWCA; Miss
Strogen, director of Union; Mrs.
White, former Union director; Mrs.
Tibby, head of the Women's Club
house; Mrs. Dice, Union's night as
sistant; and Mrs. Guertin, Union's
housekeeper.
Union Unit's seniors were hon
ored Sunday by Mrs. Tresidder who
came down especially from Yosemite
to attend their senior breakfast.
Mrs. Tresidder has been living at
Yosemite since the death of Presi
dent Tresidder. A home near Stan
ford is now being prepared for her.
Miss Brown, chief counselor for
women, gave the senior address.
Other guests included Miss Pat Da
vidson, head of the YWCA; Miss
Strogen, director of Union; Mrs.
White, former Union director; Mrs.
Tibby, head of the Women's Club
house; Mrs. Dice, Union's night as
sistant; and Mrs. Guertin, Union's
housekeeper.
Union Unit's seniors were hon
ored Sunday by Mrs. Tresidder who
came down especially from Yosemite
to attend their senior breakfast.
Mrs. Tresidder has been living at
Yosemite since the death of Presi
dent Tresidder. A home near Stan
ford is now being prepared for her.
Miss Brown, chief counselor for
women, gave the senior address.
Other guests included Miss Pat Da
vidson, head of the YWCA; Miss
Strogen, director of Union; Mrs.
White, former Union director; Mrs.
Tibby, head of the Women's Club
house; Mrs. Dice, Union's night as
sistant; and Mrs. Guertin, Union's
housekeeper.
Union Unit's seniors were hon
ored Sunday by Mrs. Tresidder who
came down especially from Yosemite
to attend their senior breakfast.
Mrs. Tresidder has been living at
Yosemite since the death of Presi
dent Tresidder. A home near Stan
ford is now being prepared for her.
Miss Brown, chief counselor for
women, gave the senior address.
Other guests included Miss Pat Da
vidson, head of the YWCA; Miss
Strogen, director of Union; Mrs.
White, former Union director; Mrs.
Tibby, head of the Women's Club
house; Mrs. Dice, Union's night as
sistant; and Mrs. Guertin, Union's
housekeeper.
Union Unit's seniors were hon
ored Sunday by Mrs. Tresidder who
came down especially from Yosemite
to attend their senior breakfast.
Mrs. Tresidder has been living at
Yosemite since the death of Presi
dent Tresidder. A home near Stan
ford is now being prepared for her.
Miss Brown, chief counselor for
women, gave the senior address.
Other guests included Miss Pat Da
vidson, head of the YWCA; Miss
Strogen, director of Union; Mrs.
White, former Union director; Mrs.
Tibby, head of the Women's Club
house; Mrs. Dice, Union's night as
sistant; and Mrs. Guertin, Union's
housekeeper.
Union Unit's seniors were hon
ored Sunday by Mrs. Tresidder who
came down especially from Yosemite
to attend their senior breakfast.
Mrs. Tresidder has been living at
Yosemite since the death of Presi
dent Tresidder. A home near Stan
ford is now being prepared for her.
Miss Brown, chief counselor for
women, gave the senior address.
Other guests included Miss Pat Da
vidson, head of the YWCA; Miss
Strogen, director of Union; Mrs.
White, former Union director; Mrs.
Tibby, head of the Women's Club
house; Mrs. Dice, Union's night as
sistant; and Mrs. Guertin, Union's
housekeeper.
Union Unit's seniors were hon
ored Sunday by Mrs. Tresidder who
came down especially from Yosemite
to attend their senior breakfast.
Mrs. Tresidder has been living at
Yosemite since the death of Presi
dent Tresidder. A home near Stan
ford is now being prepared for her.
Miss Brown, chief counselor for
women, gave the senior address.
Other guests included Miss Pat Da
vidson, head of the YWCA; Miss
Strogen, director of Union; Mrs.
White, former Union director; Mrs.
Tibby, head of the Women's Club
house; Mrs. Dice, Union's night as
sistant; and Mrs. Guertin, Union's
housekeeper.
Union Unit's seniors were hon
ored Sunday by Mrs. Tresidder who
came down especially from Yosemite
to attend their senior breakfast.
Mrs. Tresidder has been living at
Yosemite since the death of Presi
dent Tresidder. A home near Stan
ford is now being prepared for her.
Miss Brown, chief counselor for
women, gave the senior address.
Other guests included Miss Pat Da
vidson, head of the YWCA; Miss
Strogen, director of Union; Mrs.
White, former Union director; Mrs.
Tibby, head of the Women's Club
house; Mrs. Dice, Union's night as
sistant; and Mrs. Guertin, Union's
housekeeper.
Union Unit's seniors were hon
ored Sunday by Mrs. Tresidder who
came down especially from Yosemite
to attend their senior breakfast.
Mrs. Tresidder has been living at
Yosemite since the death of Presi
dent Tresidder. A home near Stan
ford is now being prepared for her.
Miss Brown, chief counselor for
women, gave the senior address.
Other guests included Miss Pat Da
vidson, head of the YWCA; Miss
Strogen, director of Union; Mrs.
White, former Union director; Mrs.
Tibby, head of the Women's Club
house; Mrs. Dice, Union's night as
sistant; and Mrs. Guertin, Union's
housekeeper.
