# BRAVES WELCOME RUTH
## 
### 
ST. PETERSBURG. Fla., March 4
(/P) —Babe Ruth received a huge
welcome today upon hie arrival at
the training camp of the Boston
Braves.
ST. PETERSBURG. Fla., March 4
(/P) —Babe Ruth received a huge
welcome today upon hie arrival at
the training camp of the Boston
Braves.
ST. PETERSBURG. Fla., March 4
(/P) —Babe Ruth received a huge
welcome today upon hie arrival at
the training camp of the Boston
Braves.
ST. PETERSBURG. Fla., March 4
(/P) —Babe Ruth received a huge
welcome today upon hie arrival at
the training camp of the Boston
Braves.
ST. PETERSBURG. Fla., March 4
(/P) —Babe Ruth received a huge
welcome today upon hie arrival at
the training camp of the Boston
Braves.
ST. PETERSBURG. Fla., March 4
(/P) —Babe Ruth received a huge
welcome today upon hie arrival at
the training camp of the Boston
Braves.
ST. PETERSBURG. Fla., March 4
(/P) —Babe Ruth received a huge
welcome today upon hie arrival at
the training camp of the Boston
Braves.
ST. PETERSBURG. Fla., March 4
(/P) —Babe Ruth received a huge
welcome today upon hie arrival at
the training camp of the Boston
Braves.
ST. PETERSBURG. Fla., March 4
(/P) —Babe Ruth received a huge
welcome today upon hie arrival at
the training camp of the Boston
Braves.
ST. PETERSBURG. Fla., March 4
(/P) —Babe Ruth received a huge
welcome today upon hie arrival at
the training camp of the Boston
Braves.
ST. PETERSBURG. Fla., March 4
(/P) —Babe Ruth received a huge
welcome today upon hie arrival at
the training camp of the Boston
Braves.
ST. PETERSBURG. Fla., March 4
(/P) —Babe Ruth received a huge
welcome today upon hie arrival at
the training camp of the Boston
Braves.
ST. PETERSBURG. Fla., March 4
(/P) —Babe Ruth received a huge
welcome today upon hie arrival at
the training camp of the Boston
Braves.
ST. PETERSBURG. Fla., March 4
(/P) —Babe Ruth received a huge
welcome today upon hie arrival at
the training camp of the Boston
Braves.
ST. PETERSBURG. Fla., March 4
(/P) —Babe Ruth received a huge
welcome today upon hie arrival at
the training camp of the Boston
Braves.
