# CHORAL REHEARSALS
## 
### 
Women's Choral 1 ehearsals for
Founders' Day tonight at 7 o'clock
in room 84. and tomorrow with the
orchestra at the Memorial Church.
Women's Choral 1 ehearsals for
Founders' Day tonight at 7 o'clock
in room 84. and tomorrow with the
orchestra at the Memorial Church.
Women's Choral 1 ehearsals for
Founders' Day tonight at 7 o'clock
in room 84. and tomorrow with the
orchestra at the Memorial Church.
Women's Choral 1 ehearsals for
Founders' Day tonight at 7 o'clock
in room 84. and tomorrow with the
orchestra at the Memorial Church.
Women's Choral 1 ehearsals for
Founders' Day tonight at 7 o'clock
in room 84. and tomorrow with the
orchestra at the Memorial Church.
Women's Choral 1 ehearsals for
Founders' Day tonight at 7 o'clock
in room 84. and tomorrow with the
orchestra at the Memorial Church.
Women's Choral 1 ehearsals for
Founders' Day tonight at 7 o'clock
in room 84. and tomorrow with the
orchestra at the Memorial Church.
Women's Choral 1 ehearsals for
Founders' Day tonight at 7 o'clock
in room 84. and tomorrow with the
orchestra at the Memorial Church.
Women's Choral 1 ehearsals for
Founders' Day tonight at 7 o'clock
in room 84. and tomorrow with the
orchestra at the Memorial Church.
Women's Choral 1 ehearsals for
Founders' Day tonight at 7 o'clock
in room 84. and tomorrow with the
orchestra at the Memorial Church.
Women's Choral 1 ehearsals for
Founders' Day tonight at 7 o'clock
in room 84. and tomorrow with the
orchestra at the Memorial Church.
Women's Choral 1 ehearsals for
Founders' Day tonight at 7 o'clock
in room 84. and tomorrow with the
orchestra at the Memorial Church.
Women's Choral 1 ehearsals for
Founders' Day tonight at 7 o'clock
in room 84. and tomorrow with the
orchestra at the Memorial Church.
Women's Choral 1 ehearsals for
Founders' Day tonight at 7 o'clock
in room 84. and tomorrow with the
orchestra at the Memorial Church.
Women's Choral 1 ehearsals for
Founders' Day tonight at 7 o'clock
in room 84. and tomorrow with the
orchestra at the Memorial Church.
