# FOOD RUSHED TO STARVING CHINESE
## 
### 

Two of the first photos to reach the United States from Kiangsi
province show (top) use of primitive methods to rush food to the starv
ing populace and (bottom) villagers return to wrecked homes in Ningtu.
The province waj held by communists for five years and was recently
recaptured. Hundreds of thousands in the area were reported starving.
(Associated Press Photo)

Two of the first photos to reach the United States from Kiangsi
province show (top) use of primitive methods to rush food to the starv
ing populace and (bottom) villagers return to wrecked homes in Ningtu.
The province waj held by communists for five years and was recently
recaptured. Hundreds of thousands in the area were reported starving.
(Associated Press Photo)

Two of the first photos to reach the United States from Kiangsi
province show (top) use of primitive methods to rush food to the starv
ing populace and (bottom) villagers return to wrecked homes in Ningtu.
The province waj held by communists for five years and was recently
recaptured. Hundreds of thousands in the area were reported starving.
(Associated Press Photo)

Two of the first photos to reach the United States from Kiangsi
province show (top) use of primitive methods to rush food to the starv
ing populace and (bottom) villagers return to wrecked homes in Ningtu.
The province waj held by communists for five years and was recently
recaptured. Hundreds of thousands in the area were reported starving.
(Associated Press Photo)

Two of the first photos to reach the United States from Kiangsi
province show (top) use of primitive methods to rush food to the starv
ing populace and (bottom) villagers return to wrecked homes in Ningtu.
The province waj held by communists for five years and was recently
recaptured. Hundreds of thousands in the area were reported starving.
(Associated Press Photo)

Two of the first photos to reach the United States from Kiangsi
province show (top) use of primitive methods to rush food to the starv
ing populace and (bottom) villagers return to wrecked homes in Ningtu.
The province waj held by communists for five years and was recently
recaptured. Hundreds of thousands in the area were reported starving.
(Associated Press Photo)

Two of the first photos to reach the United States from Kiangsi
province show (top) use of primitive methods to rush food to the starv
ing populace and (bottom) villagers return to wrecked homes in Ningtu.
The province waj held by communists for five years and was recently
recaptured. Hundreds of thousands in the area were reported starving.
(Associated Press Photo)

Two of the first photos to reach the United States from Kiangsi
province show (top) use of primitive methods to rush food to the starv
ing populace and (bottom) villagers return to wrecked homes in Ningtu.
The province waj held by communists for five years and was recently
recaptured. Hundreds of thousands in the area were reported starving.
(Associated Press Photo)

Two of the first photos to reach the United States from Kiangsi
province show (top) use of primitive methods to rush food to the starv
ing populace and (bottom) villagers return to wrecked homes in Ningtu.
The province waj held by communists for five years and was recently
recaptured. Hundreds of thousands in the area were reported starving.
(Associated Press Photo)

Two of the first photos to reach the United States from Kiangsi
province show (top) use of primitive methods to rush food to the starv
ing populace and (bottom) villagers return to wrecked homes in Ningtu.
The province waj held by communists for five years and was recently
recaptured. Hundreds of thousands in the area were reported starving.
(Associated Press Photo)

Two of the first photos to reach the United States from Kiangsi
province show (top) use of primitive methods to rush food to the starv
ing populace and (bottom) villagers return to wrecked homes in Ningtu.
The province waj held by communists for five years and was recently
recaptured. Hundreds of thousands in the area were reported starving.
(Associated Press Photo)

Two of the first photos to reach the United States from Kiangsi
province show (top) use of primitive methods to rush food to the starv
ing populace and (bottom) villagers return to wrecked homes in Ningtu.
The province waj held by communists for five years and was recently
recaptured. Hundreds of thousands in the area were reported starving.
(Associated Press Photo)

Two of the first photos to reach the United States from Kiangsi
province show (top) use of primitive methods to rush food to the starv
ing populace and (bottom) villagers return to wrecked homes in Ningtu.
The province waj held by communists for five years and was recently
recaptured. Hundreds of thousands in the area were reported starving.
(Associated Press Photo)

Two of the first photos to reach the United States from Kiangsi
province show (top) use of primitive methods to rush food to the starv
ing populace and (bottom) villagers return to wrecked homes in Ningtu.
The province waj held by communists for five years and was recently
recaptured. Hundreds of thousands in the area were reported starving.
(Associated Press Photo)

Two of the first photos to reach the United States from Kiangsi
province show (top) use of primitive methods to rush food to the starv
ing populace and (bottom) villagers return to wrecked homes in Ningtu.
The province waj held by communists for five years and was recently
recaptured. Hundreds of thousands in the area were reported starving.
(Associated Press Photo)
