# Adv. 14 Page 3
## 
### 
Rfl^
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Y our watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
6
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
# .
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Rfl^
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Y our watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
6
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
# .
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Rfl^
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Y our watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
6
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
# .
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Rfl^
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Y our watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
6
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
# .
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Rfl^
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Y our watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
6
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
# .
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Rfl^
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Y our watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
6
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
# .
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Rfl^
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Y our watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
6
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
# .
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Rfl^
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Y our watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
6
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
# .
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Rfl^
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Y our watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
6
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
# .
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Rfl^
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Y our watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
6
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
# .
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Rfl^
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Y our watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
6
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
# .
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Rfl^
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Y our watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
6
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
# .
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Rfl^
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Y our watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
6
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
# .
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Rfl^
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Y our watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
6
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
# .
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Rfl^
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Y our watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
6
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
# .
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Rfl^
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Y our watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
6
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
# .
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Rfl^
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Y our watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
6
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
# .
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Rfl^
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Y our watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
6
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
# .
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
