# COWMEN PLAN MEET
## 
### 
FORT WORTH, Tex., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Salt Lake City was selected to
night for the 1942 convention of
the American National Livestock
Association.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Salt Lake City was selected to
night for the 1942 convention of
the American National Livestock
Association.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Salt Lake City was selected to
night for the 1942 convention of
the American National Livestock
Association.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Salt Lake City was selected to
night for the 1942 convention of
the American National Livestock
Association.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Salt Lake City was selected to
night for the 1942 convention of
the American National Livestock
Association.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Salt Lake City was selected to
night for the 1942 convention of
the American National Livestock
Association.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Salt Lake City was selected to
night for the 1942 convention of
the American National Livestock
Association.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Salt Lake City was selected to
night for the 1942 convention of
the American National Livestock
Association.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Salt Lake City was selected to
night for the 1942 convention of
the American National Livestock
Association.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Salt Lake City was selected to
night for the 1942 convention of
the American National Livestock
Association.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Salt Lake City was selected to
night for the 1942 convention of
the American National Livestock
Association.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Salt Lake City was selected to
night for the 1942 convention of
the American National Livestock
Association.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Salt Lake City was selected to
night for the 1942 convention of
the American National Livestock
Association.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Salt Lake City was selected to
night for the 1942 convention of
the American National Livestock
Association.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Salt Lake City was selected to
night for the 1942 convention of
the American National Livestock
Association.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Salt Lake City was selected to
night for the 1942 convention of
the American National Livestock
Association.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Salt Lake City was selected to
night for the 1942 convention of
the American National Livestock
Association.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Salt Lake City was selected to
night for the 1942 convention of
the American National Livestock
Association.
