# Ranger to Address Ornithology Club
## 
### 
"Some Birds and Animals of Se
quoia National Park" will be the
subjects of Mr. Jack Applegartb
when he speaks before the Cooper
Ornithological Club tonight at 7:45
o'clock in Room 430. Jordan Hall.
Clara McGee. acting president of
the group, announced yesterday that
anyone interested will be welcomed
to attend this meeting. Mr. Apple
garth will draw from experiences as
a ranger-naturalist in Sequoia and
will illustrate his talk with Koda
chrome slides.
"Some Birds and Animals of Se
quoia National Park" will be the
subjects of Mr. Jack Applegartb
when he speaks before the Cooper
Ornithological Club tonight at 7:45
o'clock in Room 430. Jordan Hall.
Clara McGee. acting president of
the group, announced yesterday that
anyone interested will be welcomed
to attend this meeting. Mr. Apple
garth will draw from experiences as
a ranger-naturalist in Sequoia and
will illustrate his talk with Koda
chrome slides.
"Some Birds and Animals of Se
quoia National Park" will be the
subjects of Mr. Jack Applegartb
when he speaks before the Cooper
Ornithological Club tonight at 7:45
o'clock in Room 430. Jordan Hall.
Clara McGee. acting president of
the group, announced yesterday that
anyone interested will be welcomed
to attend this meeting. Mr. Apple
garth will draw from experiences as
a ranger-naturalist in Sequoia and
will illustrate his talk with Koda
chrome slides.
"Some Birds and Animals of Se
quoia National Park" will be the
subjects of Mr. Jack Applegartb
when he speaks before the Cooper
Ornithological Club tonight at 7:45
o'clock in Room 430. Jordan Hall.
Clara McGee. acting president of
the group, announced yesterday that
anyone interested will be welcomed
to attend this meeting. Mr. Apple
garth will draw from experiences as
a ranger-naturalist in Sequoia and
will illustrate his talk with Koda
chrome slides.
"Some Birds and Animals of Se
quoia National Park" will be the
subjects of Mr. Jack Applegartb
when he speaks before the Cooper
Ornithological Club tonight at 7:45
o'clock in Room 430. Jordan Hall.
Clara McGee. acting president of
the group, announced yesterday that
anyone interested will be welcomed
to attend this meeting. Mr. Apple
garth will draw from experiences as
a ranger-naturalist in Sequoia and
will illustrate his talk with Koda
chrome slides.
"Some Birds and Animals of Se
quoia National Park" will be the
subjects of Mr. Jack Applegartb
when he speaks before the Cooper
Ornithological Club tonight at 7:45
o'clock in Room 430. Jordan Hall.
Clara McGee. acting president of
the group, announced yesterday that
anyone interested will be welcomed
to attend this meeting. Mr. Apple
garth will draw from experiences as
a ranger-naturalist in Sequoia and
will illustrate his talk with Koda
chrome slides.
"Some Birds and Animals of Se
quoia National Park" will be the
subjects of Mr. Jack Applegartb
when he speaks before the Cooper
Ornithological Club tonight at 7:45
o'clock in Room 430. Jordan Hall.
Clara McGee. acting president of
the group, announced yesterday that
anyone interested will be welcomed
to attend this meeting. Mr. Apple
garth will draw from experiences as
a ranger-naturalist in Sequoia and
will illustrate his talk with Koda
chrome slides.
"Some Birds and Animals of Se
quoia National Park" will be the
subjects of Mr. Jack Applegartb
when he speaks before the Cooper
Ornithological Club tonight at 7:45
o'clock in Room 430. Jordan Hall.
Clara McGee. acting president of
the group, announced yesterday that
anyone interested will be welcomed
to attend this meeting. Mr. Apple
garth will draw from experiences as
a ranger-naturalist in Sequoia and
will illustrate his talk with Koda
chrome slides.
"Some Birds and Animals of Se
quoia National Park" will be the
subjects of Mr. Jack Applegartb
when he speaks before the Cooper
Ornithological Club tonight at 7:45
o'clock in Room 430. Jordan Hall.
Clara McGee. acting president of
the group, announced yesterday that
anyone interested will be welcomed
to attend this meeting. Mr. Apple
garth will draw from experiences as
a ranger-naturalist in Sequoia and
will illustrate his talk with Koda
chrome slides.
"Some Birds and Animals of Se
quoia National Park" will be the
subjects of Mr. Jack Applegartb
when he speaks before the Cooper
Ornithological Club tonight at 7:45
o'clock in Room 430. Jordan Hall.
Clara McGee. acting president of
the group, announced yesterday that
anyone interested will be welcomed
to attend this meeting. Mr. Apple
garth will draw from experiences as
a ranger-naturalist in Sequoia and
will illustrate his talk with Koda
chrome slides.
"Some Birds and Animals of Se
quoia National Park" will be the
subjects of Mr. Jack Applegartb
when he speaks before the Cooper
Ornithological Club tonight at 7:45
o'clock in Room 430. Jordan Hall.
Clara McGee. acting president of
the group, announced yesterday that
anyone interested will be welcomed
to attend this meeting. Mr. Apple
garth will draw from experiences as
a ranger-naturalist in Sequoia and
will illustrate his talk with Koda
chrome slides.
"Some Birds and Animals of Se
quoia National Park" will be the
subjects of Mr. Jack Applegartb
when he speaks before the Cooper
Ornithological Club tonight at 7:45
o'clock in Room 430. Jordan Hall.
Clara McGee. acting president of
the group, announced yesterday that
anyone interested will be welcomed
to attend this meeting. Mr. Apple
garth will draw from experiences as
a ranger-naturalist in Sequoia and
will illustrate his talk with Koda
chrome slides.
"Some Birds and Animals of Se
quoia National Park" will be the
subjects of Mr. Jack Applegartb
when he speaks before the Cooper
Ornithological Club tonight at 7:45
o'clock in Room 430. Jordan Hall.
Clara McGee. acting president of
the group, announced yesterday that
anyone interested will be welcomed
to attend this meeting. Mr. Apple
garth will draw from experiences as
a ranger-naturalist in Sequoia and
will illustrate his talk with Koda
chrome slides.
"Some Birds and Animals of Se
quoia National Park" will be the
subjects of Mr. Jack Applegartb
when he speaks before the Cooper
Ornithological Club tonight at 7:45
o'clock in Room 430. Jordan Hall.
Clara McGee. acting president of
the group, announced yesterday that
anyone interested will be welcomed
to attend this meeting. Mr. Apple
garth will draw from experiences as
a ranger-naturalist in Sequoia and
will illustrate his talk with Koda
chrome slides.
"Some Birds and Animals of Se
quoia National Park" will be the
subjects of Mr. Jack Applegartb
when he speaks before the Cooper
Ornithological Club tonight at 7:45
o'clock in Room 430. Jordan Hall.
Clara McGee. acting president of
the group, announced yesterday that
anyone interested will be welcomed
to attend this meeting. Mr. Apple
garth will draw from experiences as
a ranger-naturalist in Sequoia and
will illustrate his talk with Koda
chrome slides.
"Some Birds and Animals of Se
quoia National Park" will be the
subjects of Mr. Jack Applegartb
when he speaks before the Cooper
Ornithological Club tonight at 7:45
o'clock in Room 430. Jordan Hall.
Clara McGee. acting president of
the group, announced yesterday that
anyone interested will be welcomed
to attend this meeting. Mr. Apple
garth will draw from experiences as
a ranger-naturalist in Sequoia and
will illustrate his talk with Koda
chrome slides.
"Some Birds and Animals of Se
quoia National Park" will be the
subjects of Mr. Jack Applegartb
when he speaks before the Cooper
Ornithological Club tonight at 7:45
o'clock in Room 430. Jordan Hall.
Clara McGee. acting president of
the group, announced yesterday that
anyone interested will be welcomed
to attend this meeting. Mr. Apple
garth will draw from experiences as
a ranger-naturalist in Sequoia and
will illustrate his talk with Koda
chrome slides.
"Some Birds and Animals of Se
quoia National Park" will be the
subjects of Mr. Jack Applegartb
when he speaks before the Cooper
Ornithological Club tonight at 7:45
o'clock in Room 430. Jordan Hall.
Clara McGee. acting president of
the group, announced yesterday that
anyone interested will be welcomed
to attend this meeting. Mr. Apple
garth will draw from experiences as
a ranger-naturalist in Sequoia and
will illustrate his talk with Koda
chrome slides.
