# CULT LEADER GUILTY
## 
### 
McMINNVILLE, Ore., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Albert Smith, bearded 52-year-old
head of the "God's Household re
ligious cult had a verdict of $500
returned against him today in an
ailenation of affections suit.
McMINNVILLE, Ore., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Albert Smith, bearded 52-year-old
head of the "God's Household re
ligious cult had a verdict of $500
returned against him today in an
ailenation of affections suit.
McMINNVILLE, Ore., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Albert Smith, bearded 52-year-old
head of the "God's Household re
ligious cult had a verdict of $500
returned against him today in an
ailenation of affections suit.
McMINNVILLE, Ore., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Albert Smith, bearded 52-year-old
head of the "God's Household re
ligious cult had a verdict of $500
returned against him today in an
ailenation of affections suit.
McMINNVILLE, Ore., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Albert Smith, bearded 52-year-old
head of the "God's Household re
ligious cult had a verdict of $500
returned against him today in an
ailenation of affections suit.
McMINNVILLE, Ore., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Albert Smith, bearded 52-year-old
head of the "God's Household re
ligious cult had a verdict of $500
returned against him today in an
ailenation of affections suit.
McMINNVILLE, Ore., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Albert Smith, bearded 52-year-old
head of the "God's Household re
ligious cult had a verdict of $500
returned against him today in an
ailenation of affections suit.
McMINNVILLE, Ore., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Albert Smith, bearded 52-year-old
head of the "God's Household re
ligious cult had a verdict of $500
returned against him today in an
ailenation of affections suit.
McMINNVILLE, Ore., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Albert Smith, bearded 52-year-old
head of the "God's Household re
ligious cult had a verdict of $500
returned against him today in an
ailenation of affections suit.
McMINNVILLE, Ore., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Albert Smith, bearded 52-year-old
head of the "God's Household re
ligious cult had a verdict of $500
returned against him today in an
ailenation of affections suit.
McMINNVILLE, Ore., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Albert Smith, bearded 52-year-old
head of the "God's Household re
ligious cult had a verdict of $500
returned against him today in an
ailenation of affections suit.
McMINNVILLE, Ore., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Albert Smith, bearded 52-year-old
head of the "God's Household re
ligious cult had a verdict of $500
returned against him today in an
ailenation of affections suit.
McMINNVILLE, Ore., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Albert Smith, bearded 52-year-old
head of the "God's Household re
ligious cult had a verdict of $500
returned against him today in an
ailenation of affections suit.
McMINNVILLE, Ore., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Albert Smith, bearded 52-year-old
head of the "God's Household re
ligious cult had a verdict of $500
returned against him today in an
ailenation of affections suit.
McMINNVILLE, Ore., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Albert Smith, bearded 52-year-old
head of the "God's Household re
ligious cult had a verdict of $500
returned against him today in an
ailenation of affections suit.
McMINNVILLE, Ore., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Albert Smith, bearded 52-year-old
head of the "God's Household re
ligious cult had a verdict of $500
returned against him today in an
ailenation of affections suit.
McMINNVILLE, Ore., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Albert Smith, bearded 52-year-old
head of the "God's Household re
ligious cult had a verdict of $500
returned against him today in an
ailenation of affections suit.
McMINNVILLE, Ore., Jan. 9 (UP).
—Albert Smith, bearded 52-year-old
head of the "God's Household re
ligious cult had a verdict of $500
returned against him today in an
ailenation of affections suit.
