# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There are two policies which a
university can pursue with regard
to its alumni. It can let them slip
away year by year from the influ
ence of its college spirit as indivi
duals are called by their work to
distant places, or it can hold them
together in a bond of fellowship
which is not to be weakened by
distance or years. Such an alumni
body is worth more to a university
than is to be estimated in figures —
is worth so much, in fact, that no
one of us can afford to ignore the
request made by the present officers
for complete and early data in
regard to the small proportion of
students who have not been heard
from directly since graduation.
There are two policies which a
university can pursue with regard
to its alumni. It can let them slip
away year by year from the influ
ence of its college spirit as indivi
duals are called by their work to
distant places, or it can hold them
together in a bond of fellowship
which is not to be weakened by
distance or years. Such an alumni
body is worth more to a university
than is to be estimated in figures —
is worth so much, in fact, that no
one of us can afford to ignore the
request made by the present officers
for complete and early data in
regard to the small proportion of
students who have not been heard
from directly since graduation.
There are two policies which a
university can pursue with regard
to its alumni. It can let them slip
away year by year from the influ
ence of its college spirit as indivi
duals are called by their work to
distant places, or it can hold them
together in a bond of fellowship
which is not to be weakened by
distance or years. Such an alumni
body is worth more to a university
than is to be estimated in figures —
is worth so much, in fact, that no
one of us can afford to ignore the
request made by the present officers
for complete and early data in
regard to the small proportion of
students who have not been heard
from directly since graduation.
There are two policies which a
university can pursue with regard
to its alumni. It can let them slip
away year by year from the influ
ence of its college spirit as indivi
duals are called by their work to
distant places, or it can hold them
together in a bond of fellowship
which is not to be weakened by
distance or years. Such an alumni
body is worth more to a university
than is to be estimated in figures —
is worth so much, in fact, that no
one of us can afford to ignore the
request made by the present officers
for complete and early data in
regard to the small proportion of
students who have not been heard
from directly since graduation.
There are two policies which a
university can pursue with regard
to its alumni. It can let them slip
away year by year from the influ
ence of its college spirit as indivi
duals are called by their work to
distant places, or it can hold them
together in a bond of fellowship
which is not to be weakened by
distance or years. Such an alumni
body is worth more to a university
than is to be estimated in figures —
is worth so much, in fact, that no
one of us can afford to ignore the
request made by the present officers
for complete and early data in
regard to the small proportion of
students who have not been heard
from directly since graduation.
There are two policies which a
university can pursue with regard
to its alumni. It can let them slip
away year by year from the influ
ence of its college spirit as indivi
duals are called by their work to
distant places, or it can hold them
together in a bond of fellowship
which is not to be weakened by
distance or years. Such an alumni
body is worth more to a university
than is to be estimated in figures —
is worth so much, in fact, that no
one of us can afford to ignore the
request made by the present officers
for complete and early data in
regard to the small proportion of
students who have not been heard
from directly since graduation.
