# Mural Schedule
## 
### 
VOLLEYBALL
6:45
Sigma Chi I vs. Rinconada
Sigma Chi II vs. Nooners
Winners of these matches will
play Wednesday.
SWIMMING
Tryouts start at 4:00 and
order of events is posted on
murals bulletin board. Diving
will be held on Thursday dur
ing the finals.
VOLLEYBALL
6:45
Sigma Chi I vs. Rinconada
Sigma Chi II vs. Nooners
Winners of these matches will
play Wednesday.
SWIMMING
Tryouts start at 4:00 and
order of events is posted on
murals bulletin board. Diving
will be held on Thursday dur
ing the finals.
VOLLEYBALL
6:45
Sigma Chi I vs. Rinconada
Sigma Chi II vs. Nooners
Winners of these matches will
play Wednesday.
SWIMMING
Tryouts start at 4:00 and
order of events is posted on
murals bulletin board. Diving
will be held on Thursday dur
ing the finals.
VOLLEYBALL
6:45
Sigma Chi I vs. Rinconada
Sigma Chi II vs. Nooners
Winners of these matches will
play Wednesday.
SWIMMING
Tryouts start at 4:00 and
order of events is posted on
murals bulletin board. Diving
will be held on Thursday dur
ing the finals.
VOLLEYBALL
6:45
Sigma Chi I vs. Rinconada
Sigma Chi II vs. Nooners
Winners of these matches will
play Wednesday.
SWIMMING
Tryouts start at 4:00 and
order of events is posted on
murals bulletin board. Diving
will be held on Thursday dur
ing the finals.
VOLLEYBALL
6:45
Sigma Chi I vs. Rinconada
Sigma Chi II vs. Nooners
Winners of these matches will
play Wednesday.
SWIMMING
Tryouts start at 4:00 and
order of events is posted on
murals bulletin board. Diving
will be held on Thursday dur
ing the finals.
VOLLEYBALL
6:45
Sigma Chi I vs. Rinconada
Sigma Chi II vs. Nooners
Winners of these matches will
play Wednesday.
SWIMMING
Tryouts start at 4:00 and
order of events is posted on
murals bulletin board. Diving
will be held on Thursday dur
ing the finals.
VOLLEYBALL
6:45
Sigma Chi I vs. Rinconada
Sigma Chi II vs. Nooners
Winners of these matches will
play Wednesday.
SWIMMING
Tryouts start at 4:00 and
order of events is posted on
murals bulletin board. Diving
will be held on Thursday dur
ing the finals.
VOLLEYBALL
6:45
Sigma Chi I vs. Rinconada
Sigma Chi II vs. Nooners
Winners of these matches will
play Wednesday.
SWIMMING
Tryouts start at 4:00 and
order of events is posted on
murals bulletin board. Diving
will be held on Thursday dur
ing the finals.
VOLLEYBALL
6:45
Sigma Chi I vs. Rinconada
Sigma Chi II vs. Nooners
Winners of these matches will
play Wednesday.
SWIMMING
Tryouts start at 4:00 and
order of events is posted on
murals bulletin board. Diving
will be held on Thursday dur
ing the finals.
VOLLEYBALL
6:45
Sigma Chi I vs. Rinconada
Sigma Chi II vs. Nooners
Winners of these matches will
play Wednesday.
SWIMMING
Tryouts start at 4:00 and
order of events is posted on
murals bulletin board. Diving
will be held on Thursday dur
ing the finals.
VOLLEYBALL
6:45
Sigma Chi I vs. Rinconada
Sigma Chi II vs. Nooners
Winners of these matches will
play Wednesday.
SWIMMING
Tryouts start at 4:00 and
order of events is posted on
murals bulletin board. Diving
will be held on Thursday dur
ing the finals.
VOLLEYBALL
6:45
Sigma Chi I vs. Rinconada
Sigma Chi II vs. Nooners
Winners of these matches will
play Wednesday.
SWIMMING
Tryouts start at 4:00 and
order of events is posted on
murals bulletin board. Diving
will be held on Thursday dur
ing the finals.
VOLLEYBALL
6:45
Sigma Chi I vs. Rinconada
Sigma Chi II vs. Nooners
Winners of these matches will
play Wednesday.
SWIMMING
Tryouts start at 4:00 and
order of events is posted on
murals bulletin board. Diving
will be held on Thursday dur
ing the finals.
VOLLEYBALL
6:45
Sigma Chi I vs. Rinconada
Sigma Chi II vs. Nooners
Winners of these matches will
play Wednesday.
SWIMMING
Tryouts start at 4:00 and
order of events is posted on
murals bulletin board. Diving
will be held on Thursday dur
ing the finals.
VOLLEYBALL
6:45
Sigma Chi I vs. Rinconada
Sigma Chi II vs. Nooners
Winners of these matches will
play Wednesday.
SWIMMING
Tryouts start at 4:00 and
order of events is posted on
murals bulletin board. Diving
will be held on Thursday dur
ing the finals.
