# Preview
## 
### 
Thursday
News

Now that Provost John Hennessy is set to
move up to the University's Presidency, the
search begins fot Hennessy's successor as
Stanford's chief acandemic and budget
officer. Tomorrow, News will take a look at
the search process.
Thursday
News

Now that Provost John Hennessy is set to
move up to the University's Presidency, the
search begins fot Hennessy's successor as
Stanford's chief acandemic and budget
officer. Tomorrow, News will take a look at
the search process.
Thursday
News

Now that Provost John Hennessy is set to
move up to the University's Presidency, the
search begins fot Hennessy's successor as
Stanford's chief acandemic and budget
officer. Tomorrow, News will take a look at
the search process.
Thursday
News

Now that Provost John Hennessy is set to
move up to the University's Presidency, the
search begins fot Hennessy's successor as
Stanford's chief acandemic and budget
officer. Tomorrow, News will take a look at
the search process.
Thursday
News

Now that Provost John Hennessy is set to
move up to the University's Presidency, the
search begins fot Hennessy's successor as
Stanford's chief acandemic and budget
officer. Tomorrow, News will take a look at
the search process.
Thursday
News

Now that Provost John Hennessy is set to
move up to the University's Presidency, the
search begins fot Hennessy's successor as
Stanford's chief acandemic and budget
officer. Tomorrow, News will take a look at
the search process.
