# RUSSIAN, U.S. WHEAT MEET OPENS TODAY
## 
### 
LONDON, May 17 (/Pi. — Russia
and the United States, representing
emphatically opposite schools of
thought on the world wheat prob
lem, are expected to play the most
important roles in the world con
ference which opens here tomorrow.
The United States has been con
centrating on acreage reduction as
a relief measure, and that will be
the burden of its delegate's mes
sage. Russia has been pushing as
hard as possible the expansion of
its wheat lands to meet the de
mands of its five-year plan.
Whether the conference actually
will reach the point where market
ing systems appear practicable for
discussion cannot be foretold and a
good share of the preliminary pre
dictions consist merely of hope.
LONDON, May 17 (/Pi. — Russia
and the United States, representing
emphatically opposite schools of
thought on the world wheat prob
lem, are expected to play the most
important roles in the world con
ference which opens here tomorrow.
The United States has been con
centrating on acreage reduction as
a relief measure, and that will be
the burden of its delegate's mes
sage. Russia has been pushing as
hard as possible the expansion of
its wheat lands to meet the de
mands of its five-year plan.
Whether the conference actually
will reach the point where market
ing systems appear practicable for
discussion cannot be foretold and a
good share of the preliminary pre
dictions consist merely of hope.
LONDON, May 17 (/Pi. — Russia
and the United States, representing
emphatically opposite schools of
thought on the world wheat prob
lem, are expected to play the most
important roles in the world con
ference which opens here tomorrow.
The United States has been con
centrating on acreage reduction as
a relief measure, and that will be
the burden of its delegate's mes
sage. Russia has been pushing as
hard as possible the expansion of
its wheat lands to meet the de
mands of its five-year plan.
Whether the conference actually
will reach the point where market
ing systems appear practicable for
discussion cannot be foretold and a
good share of the preliminary pre
dictions consist merely of hope.
LONDON, May 17 (/Pi. — Russia
and the United States, representing
emphatically opposite schools of
thought on the world wheat prob
lem, are expected to play the most
important roles in the world con
ference which opens here tomorrow.
The United States has been con
centrating on acreage reduction as
a relief measure, and that will be
the burden of its delegate's mes
sage. Russia has been pushing as
hard as possible the expansion of
its wheat lands to meet the de
mands of its five-year plan.
Whether the conference actually
will reach the point where market
ing systems appear practicable for
discussion cannot be foretold and a
good share of the preliminary pre
dictions consist merely of hope.
LONDON, May 17 (/Pi. — Russia
and the United States, representing
emphatically opposite schools of
thought on the world wheat prob
lem, are expected to play the most
important roles in the world con
ference which opens here tomorrow.
The United States has been con
centrating on acreage reduction as
a relief measure, and that will be
the burden of its delegate's mes
sage. Russia has been pushing as
hard as possible the expansion of
its wheat lands to meet the de
mands of its five-year plan.
Whether the conference actually
will reach the point where market
ing systems appear practicable for
discussion cannot be foretold and a
good share of the preliminary pre
dictions consist merely of hope.
LONDON, May 17 (/Pi. — Russia
and the United States, representing
emphatically opposite schools of
thought on the world wheat prob
lem, are expected to play the most
important roles in the world con
ference which opens here tomorrow.
The United States has been con
centrating on acreage reduction as
a relief measure, and that will be
the burden of its delegate's mes
sage. Russia has been pushing as
hard as possible the expansion of
its wheat lands to meet the de
mands of its five-year plan.
Whether the conference actually
will reach the point where market
ing systems appear practicable for
discussion cannot be foretold and a
good share of the preliminary pre
dictions consist merely of hope.
LONDON, May 17 (/Pi. — Russia
and the United States, representing
emphatically opposite schools of
thought on the world wheat prob
lem, are expected to play the most
important roles in the world con
ference which opens here tomorrow.
The United States has been con
centrating on acreage reduction as
a relief measure, and that will be
the burden of its delegate's mes
sage. Russia has been pushing as
hard as possible the expansion of
its wheat lands to meet the de
mands of its five-year plan.
Whether the conference actually
will reach the point where market
ing systems appear practicable for
discussion cannot be foretold and a
good share of the preliminary pre
dictions consist merely of hope.
LONDON, May 17 (/Pi. — Russia
and the United States, representing
emphatically opposite schools of
thought on the world wheat prob
lem, are expected to play the most
important roles in the world con
ference which opens here tomorrow.
The United States has been con
centrating on acreage reduction as
a relief measure, and that will be
the burden of its delegate's mes
sage. Russia has been pushing as
hard as possible the expansion of
its wheat lands to meet the de
mands of its five-year plan.
Whether the conference actually
will reach the point where market
ing systems appear practicable for
discussion cannot be foretold and a
good share of the preliminary pre
dictions consist merely of hope.
LONDON, May 17 (/Pi. — Russia
and the United States, representing
emphatically opposite schools of
thought on the world wheat prob
lem, are expected to play the most
important roles in the world con
ference which opens here tomorrow.
The United States has been con
centrating on acreage reduction as
a relief measure, and that will be
the burden of its delegate's mes
sage. Russia has been pushing as
hard as possible the expansion of
its wheat lands to meet the de
mands of its five-year plan.
Whether the conference actually
will reach the point where market
ing systems appear practicable for
discussion cannot be foretold and a
good share of the preliminary pre
dictions consist merely of hope.
LONDON, May 17 (/Pi. — Russia
and the United States, representing
emphatically opposite schools of
thought on the world wheat prob
lem, are expected to play the most
important roles in the world con
ference which opens here tomorrow.
The United States has been con
centrating on acreage reduction as
a relief measure, and that will be
the burden of its delegate's mes
sage. Russia has been pushing as
hard as possible the expansion of
its wheat lands to meet the de
mands of its five-year plan.
Whether the conference actually
will reach the point where market
ing systems appear practicable for
discussion cannot be foretold and a
good share of the preliminary pre
dictions consist merely of hope.
LONDON, May 17 (/Pi. — Russia
and the United States, representing
emphatically opposite schools of
thought on the world wheat prob
lem, are expected to play the most
important roles in the world con
ference which opens here tomorrow.
The United States has been con
centrating on acreage reduction as
a relief measure, and that will be
the burden of its delegate's mes
sage. Russia has been pushing as
hard as possible the expansion of
its wheat lands to meet the de
mands of its five-year plan.
Whether the conference actually
will reach the point where market
ing systems appear practicable for
discussion cannot be foretold and a
good share of the preliminary pre
dictions consist merely of hope.
LONDON, May 17 (/Pi. — Russia
and the United States, representing
emphatically opposite schools of
thought on the world wheat prob
lem, are expected to play the most
important roles in the world con
ference which opens here tomorrow.
The United States has been con
centrating on acreage reduction as
a relief measure, and that will be
the burden of its delegate's mes
sage. Russia has been pushing as
hard as possible the expansion of
its wheat lands to meet the de
mands of its five-year plan.
Whether the conference actually
will reach the point where market
ing systems appear practicable for
discussion cannot be foretold and a
good share of the preliminary pre
dictions consist merely of hope.
LONDON, May 17 (/Pi. — Russia
and the United States, representing
emphatically opposite schools of
thought on the world wheat prob
lem, are expected to play the most
important roles in the world con
ference which opens here tomorrow.
The United States has been con
centrating on acreage reduction as
a relief measure, and that will be
the burden of its delegate's mes
sage. Russia has been pushing as
hard as possible the expansion of
its wheat lands to meet the de
mands of its five-year plan.
Whether the conference actually
will reach the point where market
ing systems appear practicable for
discussion cannot be foretold and a
good share of the preliminary pre
dictions consist merely of hope.
LONDON, May 17 (/Pi. — Russia
and the United States, representing
emphatically opposite schools of
thought on the world wheat prob
lem, are expected to play the most
important roles in the world con
ference which opens here tomorrow.
The United States has been con
centrating on acreage reduction as
a relief measure, and that will be
the burden of its delegate's mes
sage. Russia has been pushing as
hard as possible the expansion of
its wheat lands to meet the de
mands of its five-year plan.
Whether the conference actually
will reach the point where market
ing systems appear practicable for
discussion cannot be foretold and a
good share of the preliminary pre
dictions consist merely of hope.
LONDON, May 17 (/Pi. — Russia
and the United States, representing
emphatically opposite schools of
thought on the world wheat prob
lem, are expected to play the most
important roles in the world con
ference which opens here tomorrow.
The United States has been con
centrating on acreage reduction as
a relief measure, and that will be
the burden of its delegate's mes
sage. Russia has been pushing as
hard as possible the expansion of
its wheat lands to meet the de
mands of its five-year plan.
Whether the conference actually
will reach the point where market
ing systems appear practicable for
discussion cannot be foretold and a
good share of the preliminary pre
dictions consist merely of hope.
