# JOURNALISTIC GROUP TO MEET TOMORROW
## 
### 
Theta Sigma Phi, national profes- j
sional journalistic fraternity for
women, will hold a very important
meeting tomorrow in the journalism
library at 3:30 o'clock. The meeting
will be for old actives only and all
of them are expected to be present. •
The purpose of the meeting is to j
discuss plans for next year with ;
Mrs. David Lamson and Mrs. Carol !
Greene Wilson, alumni heads.
Theta Sigma Phi, national profes- j
sional journalistic fraternity for
women, will hold a very important
meeting tomorrow in the journalism
library at 3:30 o'clock. The meeting
will be for old actives only and all
of them are expected to be present. •
The purpose of the meeting is to j
discuss plans for next year with ;
Mrs. David Lamson and Mrs. Carol !
Greene Wilson, alumni heads.
Theta Sigma Phi, national profes- j
sional journalistic fraternity for
women, will hold a very important
meeting tomorrow in the journalism
library at 3:30 o'clock. The meeting
will be for old actives only and all
of them are expected to be present. •
The purpose of the meeting is to j
discuss plans for next year with ;
Mrs. David Lamson and Mrs. Carol !
Greene Wilson, alumni heads.
Theta Sigma Phi, national profes- j
sional journalistic fraternity for
women, will hold a very important
meeting tomorrow in the journalism
library at 3:30 o'clock. The meeting
will be for old actives only and all
of them are expected to be present. •
The purpose of the meeting is to j
discuss plans for next year with ;
Mrs. David Lamson and Mrs. Carol !
Greene Wilson, alumni heads.
Theta Sigma Phi, national profes- j
sional journalistic fraternity for
women, will hold a very important
meeting tomorrow in the journalism
library at 3:30 o'clock. The meeting
will be for old actives only and all
of them are expected to be present. •
The purpose of the meeting is to j
discuss plans for next year with ;
Mrs. David Lamson and Mrs. Carol !
Greene Wilson, alumni heads.
Theta Sigma Phi, national profes- j
sional journalistic fraternity for
women, will hold a very important
meeting tomorrow in the journalism
library at 3:30 o'clock. The meeting
will be for old actives only and all
of them are expected to be present. •
The purpose of the meeting is to j
discuss plans for next year with ;
Mrs. David Lamson and Mrs. Carol !
Greene Wilson, alumni heads.
Theta Sigma Phi, national profes- j
sional journalistic fraternity for
women, will hold a very important
meeting tomorrow in the journalism
library at 3:30 o'clock. The meeting
will be for old actives only and all
of them are expected to be present. •
The purpose of the meeting is to j
discuss plans for next year with ;
Mrs. David Lamson and Mrs. Carol !
Greene Wilson, alumni heads.
Theta Sigma Phi, national profes- j
sional journalistic fraternity for
women, will hold a very important
meeting tomorrow in the journalism
library at 3:30 o'clock. The meeting
will be for old actives only and all
of them are expected to be present. •
The purpose of the meeting is to j
discuss plans for next year with ;
Mrs. David Lamson and Mrs. Carol !
Greene Wilson, alumni heads.
Theta Sigma Phi, national profes- j
sional journalistic fraternity for
women, will hold a very important
meeting tomorrow in the journalism
library at 3:30 o'clock. The meeting
will be for old actives only and all
of them are expected to be present. •
The purpose of the meeting is to j
discuss plans for next year with ;
Mrs. David Lamson and Mrs. Carol !
Greene Wilson, alumni heads.
Theta Sigma Phi, national profes- j
sional journalistic fraternity for
women, will hold a very important
meeting tomorrow in the journalism
library at 3:30 o'clock. The meeting
will be for old actives only and all
of them are expected to be present. •
The purpose of the meeting is to j
discuss plans for next year with ;
Mrs. David Lamson and Mrs. Carol !
Greene Wilson, alumni heads.
Theta Sigma Phi, national profes- j
sional journalistic fraternity for
women, will hold a very important
meeting tomorrow in the journalism
library at 3:30 o'clock. The meeting
will be for old actives only and all
of them are expected to be present. •
The purpose of the meeting is to j
discuss plans for next year with ;
Mrs. David Lamson and Mrs. Carol !
Greene Wilson, alumni heads.
Theta Sigma Phi, national profes- j
sional journalistic fraternity for
women, will hold a very important
meeting tomorrow in the journalism
library at 3:30 o'clock. The meeting
will be for old actives only and all
of them are expected to be present. •
The purpose of the meeting is to j
discuss plans for next year with ;
Mrs. David Lamson and Mrs. Carol !
Greene Wilson, alumni heads.
Theta Sigma Phi, national profes- j
sional journalistic fraternity for
women, will hold a very important
meeting tomorrow in the journalism
library at 3:30 o'clock. The meeting
will be for old actives only and all
of them are expected to be present. •
The purpose of the meeting is to j
discuss plans for next year with ;
Mrs. David Lamson and Mrs. Carol !
Greene Wilson, alumni heads.
Theta Sigma Phi, national profes- j
sional journalistic fraternity for
women, will hold a very important
meeting tomorrow in the journalism
library at 3:30 o'clock. The meeting
will be for old actives only and all
of them are expected to be present. •
The purpose of the meeting is to j
discuss plans for next year with ;
Mrs. David Lamson and Mrs. Carol !
Greene Wilson, alumni heads.
Theta Sigma Phi, national profes- j
sional journalistic fraternity for
women, will hold a very important
meeting tomorrow in the journalism
library at 3:30 o'clock. The meeting
will be for old actives only and all
of them are expected to be present. •
The purpose of the meeting is to j
discuss plans for next year with ;
Mrs. David Lamson and Mrs. Carol !
Greene Wilson, alumni heads.
