# Adv. 18 Page 3
## 
### 
Stanford's
CHUCK
TAYLOR
Can He Talk' His
Team to the Top?
Chuck Taylor's highly unortho
dox coaching met Sods took his
team to the Rose Bowl in '51.
Can he do it again this year?
In this week's Saturday Eve
ning Post, read how Taylor uses
"positive thinking" to get his
team up for a game. Find out
why he rejects the standard
"crying-towel" attitude made
famous by Frank Leahy — and
actually predicts his team will
win every game! Learn why he
even briefs newsmen on the of
fense his team will use BEFORE
a game!
And you'll read what Taylor
himself has to say about Stan
ford's chances to gain this year's
Rose Bowl. Don't miss "He
Always Says 'We'll Win'."
IN ALL, 9 articles,
4 stories, 2 serials.
Out Today—On All Newsstands
f'ifflggl
—A Curtis Magazine
