# IIR Speaker Tells Faults of U.S. Tourists
## 
### 
A world traveler, author and
professor yesterday told 30 spec
tators in Bowman Alumni House
"how American tourists may be
lovable though rich and vulgar."
In an Institute of International
Relations cultural talk, Graham
Wilson wit ti 1 y analyzed four
charge s that foreigners have
made about U.S. tourists.
Admittedly, he said, "American
tourists are looking for bargains
and willing to pay the highest
prices to get them."
Wilson also admitted to the
charge that American tourists
have a superiority complex about
their way of life. But this is a
characteristic of all tourists, he
declared, not just those of this
country.
Tourists from the United States
are not as great conformists as
they are thought to be, Wilson
said. "When we speak of conform
ity, we're speaking from lack of
knowledge."
Citing an example, he mention
ed that all Negroes look much
alike to whites, and all whites
much alike to Negroes.
The American common man
does not have a "common mind,"
the author quipped. "He drives a
monotonous 1955 three-tone car,
wears monotonous ties and watch
es monotonous TV programs in
which people monotonously win
$64,000."
To the charge that American
tourists show signs of "cultural
cocacolonization," Wilson answer
ed that even in the alleged "vast
cultural Sahara" that is Los An
geles, Professor Frank Baxter has
won great success with a televi
sion literature course.
