# Kocher Elected to Conference.
## 
### 
R. A. Cocher,'oB, was chosen to
represent San Jose in the President's
Conference at a meeting of the San
Jose students held in room 50 this
afternoon.
R. A. Cocher,'oB, was chosen to
represent San Jose in the President's
Conference at a meeting of the San
Jose students held in room 50 this
afternoon.
R. A. Cocher,'oB, was chosen to
represent San Jose in the President's
Conference at a meeting of the San
Jose students held in room 50 this
afternoon.
R. A. Cocher,'oB, was chosen to
represent San Jose in the President's
Conference at a meeting of the San
Jose students held in room 50 this
afternoon.
R. A. Cocher,'oB, was chosen to
represent San Jose in the President's
Conference at a meeting of the San
Jose students held in room 50 this
afternoon.
R. A. Cocher,'oB, was chosen to
represent San Jose in the President's
Conference at a meeting of the San
Jose students held in room 50 this
afternoon.
R. A. Cocher,'oB, was chosen to
represent San Jose in the President's
Conference at a meeting of the San
Jose students held in room 50 this
afternoon.
R. A. Cocher,'oB, was chosen to
represent San Jose in the President's
Conference at a meeting of the San
Jose students held in room 50 this
afternoon.
R. A. Cocher,'oB, was chosen to
represent San Jose in the President's
Conference at a meeting of the San
Jose students held in room 50 this
afternoon.
