# WILL PLAY BARBARIANS
## Varsity To Line Up Against San Franciscans In Regular Match Next Saturday. 
### 
The Varsity will line up against the
Barbarians, of San Francisco, next
Saturday in the first contest with an
outside team this season. Represen
tatives of the San Francisco aggre
gation were upon the Campus yes
terday and were entertained by Coach
G. J. Presley, '07, and Captain W.
Koerner, '08. The manager of the
visitors held a conference with Grad
uate Manager Knupp, '07, and after
comparing schedules a match was ar
ranged for the end of this week upon
Stanford field.
The Barbarians who visited the
Campus expressed themselves as very
favorably impressed with the turf
field and look forward to the game
next Saturday with anticipation. The
coaches of the Varsity squad have
been desirous of obtaining the match
arranged and will select a fifteen to
represent Stanford in the contest.
