# Elect Basketball Captain
## 
### 
At a meeting of the Women's bas
ketball team this afternoon in the
Rest Room, Miss H. M. Ward, '08,
was elected captain to succeed Miss
M. Monteith, 08. Miss Ward played
center on the Varsity last semester
and did good work as guard earliet
in the year.
At a meeting of the Women's bas
ketball team this afternoon in the
Rest Room, Miss H. M. Ward, '08,
was elected captain to succeed Miss
M. Monteith, 08. Miss Ward played
center on the Varsity last semester
and did good work as guard earliet
in the year.
At a meeting of the Women's bas
ketball team this afternoon in the
Rest Room, Miss H. M. Ward, '08,
was elected captain to succeed Miss
M. Monteith, 08. Miss Ward played
center on the Varsity last semester
and did good work as guard earliet
in the year.
At a meeting of the Women's bas
ketball team this afternoon in the
Rest Room, Miss H. M. Ward, '08,
was elected captain to succeed Miss
M. Monteith, 08. Miss Ward played
center on the Varsity last semester
and did good work as guard earliet
in the year.
At a meeting of the Women's bas
ketball team this afternoon in the
Rest Room, Miss H. M. Ward, '08,
was elected captain to succeed Miss
M. Monteith, 08. Miss Ward played
center on the Varsity last semester
and did good work as guard earliet
in the year.
At a meeting of the Women's bas
ketball team this afternoon in the
Rest Room, Miss H. M. Ward, '08,
was elected captain to succeed Miss
M. Monteith, 08. Miss Ward played
center on the Varsity last semester
and did good work as guard earliet
in the year.
At a meeting of the Women's bas
ketball team this afternoon in the
Rest Room, Miss H. M. Ward, '08,
was elected captain to succeed Miss
M. Monteith, 08. Miss Ward played
center on the Varsity last semester
and did good work as guard earliet
in the year.
At a meeting of the Women's bas
ketball team this afternoon in the
Rest Room, Miss H. M. Ward, '08,
was elected captain to succeed Miss
M. Monteith, 08. Miss Ward played
center on the Varsity last semester
and did good work as guard earliet
in the year.
At a meeting of the Women's bas
ketball team this afternoon in the
Rest Room, Miss H. M. Ward, '08,
was elected captain to succeed Miss
M. Monteith, 08. Miss Ward played
center on the Varsity last semester
and did good work as guard earliet
in the year.
