# CABBAGES and THINGS
## 
### Steve O'Donnell 
This lovely prize will be
awarded to the most conspicu
ous male participant in the
women's pledging celebration.

This lovely prize will be
awarded to the most conspicu
ous male participant in the
women's pledging celebration.

This lovely prize will be
awarded to the most conspicu
ous male participant in the
women's pledging celebration.

This lovely prize will be
awarded to the most conspicu
ous male participant in the
women's pledging celebration.

This lovely prize will be
awarded to the most conspicu
ous male participant in the
women's pledging celebration.

This lovely prize will be
awarded to the most conspicu
ous male participant in the
women's pledging celebration.

This lovely prize will be
awarded to the most conspicu
ous male participant in the
women's pledging celebration.

This lovely prize will be
awarded to the most conspicu
ous male participant in the
women's pledging celebration.

This lovely prize will be
awarded to the most conspicu
ous male participant in the
women's pledging celebration.

This lovely prize will be
awarded to the most conspicu
ous male participant in the
women's pledging celebration.

This lovely prize will be
awarded to the most conspicu
ous male participant in the
women's pledging celebration.

This lovely prize will be
awarded to the most conspicu
ous male participant in the
women's pledging celebration.

This lovely prize will be
awarded to the most conspicu
ous male participant in the
women's pledging celebration.

This lovely prize will be
awarded to the most conspicu
ous male participant in the
women's pledging celebration.

This lovely prize will be
awarded to the most conspicu
ous male participant in the
women's pledging celebration.

