# Untitled Article
## 
### 
From President Jordan's speech this
morning, students may, to a large ex
tent, gauge their actions so as not
to become subject to University disci
pline. Although the authorities have
declined to say just what a student
may do and just what he may not do,
they have made their attitude so plain
that nobody should have any difficulty
in knowing how "to keep on the safe
ride of the line," as far as conduct is
concerned. More particularly, though,
every one is left to decide for him
se'f what actions would be right and
what wrong in the eyes of the au
thorities. And we believe that there
are very few of the undergraduates
who are not capable of settling this
matter rightly for themselves and act
ing accordingly.
If they do this, there will probably
be nothing to distract their attention
from the present season of the most
important student activity of the sem
esterâ€”Rugby. President Roth struck
the keynote for the conduct of under
graduate affairs in placing the issue,
whether we shall or shall not have a
successful athletic year, squarely be
fore his audience. Harmony we must
strive for in the University. If antag
onism rends the student body, the fac
ulty, the entire community and tne
alumni, Stanford will be a weakened
contender in her contests. Together,
the backers of the Stanford teams and
the teams themselves will have the
conquering Stanford Spirit.
