# Red Cross Work Outlined At Y.W.C.A. Meeting
## 
### 
Mrs. J. W. Mitchell, who is in charge
of the Red Cross work of the Palo
Alto chapter, explained the intimate
connection between the government
and the Red Cross organization, at
the special Y. W. C. A.-Red Cross
meeting yesterday afternoon. While
she spoke, the women outlined mak
ing compresses for which there is
such a great need.
Hn'mefs and fcarfs are urgently
needed, and Stanford women are es
pecially requested to devote as much
time as possible to knitting these ar
ticles. The Red Cross chapter has re
ceived orders to send a large number
to headquarters immediately to give
to the Liberty Army men who will
leave for France early in the spring.
Yarn may be obtained at the Women's
Club House for knitting helmets,
scarfs, sweaters, and socks, and di
rections will be given if desired.
Mrs. J. W. Mitchell, who is in charge
of the Red Cross work of the Palo
Alto chapter, explained the intimate
connection between the government
and the Red Cross organization, at
the special Y. W. C. A.-Red Cross
meeting yesterday afternoon. While
she spoke, the women outlined mak
ing compresses for which there is
such a great need.
Hn'mefs and fcarfs are urgently
needed, and Stanford women are es
pecially requested to devote as much
time as possible to knitting these ar
ticles. The Red Cross chapter has re
ceived orders to send a large number
to headquarters immediately to give
to the Liberty Army men who will
leave for France early in the spring.
Yarn may be obtained at the Women's
Club House for knitting helmets,
scarfs, sweaters, and socks, and di
rections will be given if desired.
Mrs. J. W. Mitchell, who is in charge
of the Red Cross work of the Palo
Alto chapter, explained the intimate
connection between the government
and the Red Cross organization, at
the special Y. W. C. A.-Red Cross
meeting yesterday afternoon. While
she spoke, the women outlined mak
ing compresses for which there is
such a great need.
Hn'mefs and fcarfs are urgently
needed, and Stanford women are es
pecially requested to devote as much
time as possible to knitting these ar
ticles. The Red Cross chapter has re
ceived orders to send a large number
to headquarters immediately to give
to the Liberty Army men who will
leave for France early in the spring.
Yarn may be obtained at the Women's
Club House for knitting helmets,
scarfs, sweaters, and socks, and di
rections will be given if desired.
Mrs. J. W. Mitchell, who is in charge
of the Red Cross work of the Palo
Alto chapter, explained the intimate
connection between the government
and the Red Cross organization, at
the special Y. W. C. A.-Red Cross
meeting yesterday afternoon. While
she spoke, the women outlined mak
ing compresses for which there is
such a great need.
Hn'mefs and fcarfs are urgently
needed, and Stanford women are es
pecially requested to devote as much
time as possible to knitting these ar
ticles. The Red Cross chapter has re
ceived orders to send a large number
to headquarters immediately to give
to the Liberty Army men who will
leave for France early in the spring.
Yarn may be obtained at the Women's
Club House for knitting helmets,
scarfs, sweaters, and socks, and di
rections will be given if desired.
Mrs. J. W. Mitchell, who is in charge
of the Red Cross work of the Palo
Alto chapter, explained the intimate
connection between the government
and the Red Cross organization, at
the special Y. W. C. A.-Red Cross
meeting yesterday afternoon. While
she spoke, the women outlined mak
ing compresses for which there is
such a great need.
Hn'mefs and fcarfs are urgently
needed, and Stanford women are es
pecially requested to devote as much
time as possible to knitting these ar
ticles. The Red Cross chapter has re
ceived orders to send a large number
to headquarters immediately to give
to the Liberty Army men who will
leave for France early in the spring.
Yarn may be obtained at the Women's
Club House for knitting helmets,
scarfs, sweaters, and socks, and di
rections will be given if desired.
Mrs. J. W. Mitchell, who is in charge
of the Red Cross work of the Palo
Alto chapter, explained the intimate
connection between the government
and the Red Cross organization, at
the special Y. W. C. A.-Red Cross
meeting yesterday afternoon. While
she spoke, the women outlined mak
ing compresses for which there is
such a great need.
Hn'mefs and fcarfs are urgently
needed, and Stanford women are es
pecially requested to devote as much
time as possible to knitting these ar
ticles. The Red Cross chapter has re
ceived orders to send a large number
to headquarters immediately to give
to the Liberty Army men who will
leave for France early in the spring.
Yarn may be obtained at the Women's
Club House for knitting helmets,
scarfs, sweaters, and socks, and di
rections will be given if desired.
Mrs. J. W. Mitchell, who is in charge
of the Red Cross work of the Palo
Alto chapter, explained the intimate
connection between the government
and the Red Cross organization, at
the special Y. W. C. A.-Red Cross
meeting yesterday afternoon. While
she spoke, the women outlined mak
ing compresses for which there is
such a great need.
Hn'mefs and fcarfs are urgently
needed, and Stanford women are es
pecially requested to devote as much
time as possible to knitting these ar
ticles. The Red Cross chapter has re
ceived orders to send a large number
to headquarters immediately to give
to the Liberty Army men who will
leave for France early in the spring.
Yarn may be obtained at the Women's
Club House for knitting helmets,
scarfs, sweaters, and socks, and di
rections will be given if desired.
Mrs. J. W. Mitchell, who is in charge
of the Red Cross work of the Palo
Alto chapter, explained the intimate
connection between the government
and the Red Cross organization, at
the special Y. W. C. A.-Red Cross
meeting yesterday afternoon. While
she spoke, the women outlined mak
ing compresses for which there is
such a great need.
Hn'mefs and fcarfs are urgently
needed, and Stanford women are es
pecially requested to devote as much
time as possible to knitting these ar
ticles. The Red Cross chapter has re
ceived orders to send a large number
to headquarters immediately to give
to the Liberty Army men who will
leave for France early in the spring.
Yarn may be obtained at the Women's
Club House for knitting helmets,
scarfs, sweaters, and socks, and di
rections will be given if desired.
Mrs. J. W. Mitchell, who is in charge
of the Red Cross work of the Palo
Alto chapter, explained the intimate
connection between the government
and the Red Cross organization, at
the special Y. W. C. A.-Red Cross
meeting yesterday afternoon. While
she spoke, the women outlined mak
ing compresses for which there is
such a great need.
Hn'mefs and fcarfs are urgently
needed, and Stanford women are es
pecially requested to devote as much
time as possible to knitting these ar
ticles. The Red Cross chapter has re
ceived orders to send a large number
to headquarters immediately to give
to the Liberty Army men who will
leave for France early in the spring.
Yarn may be obtained at the Women's
Club House for knitting helmets,
scarfs, sweaters, and socks, and di
rections will be given if desired.
Mrs. J. W. Mitchell, who is in charge
of the Red Cross work of the Palo
Alto chapter, explained the intimate
connection between the government
and the Red Cross organization, at
the special Y. W. C. A.-Red Cross
meeting yesterday afternoon. While
she spoke, the women outlined mak
ing compresses for which there is
such a great need.
Hn'mefs and fcarfs are urgently
needed, and Stanford women are es
pecially requested to devote as much
time as possible to knitting these ar
ticles. The Red Cross chapter has re
ceived orders to send a large number
to headquarters immediately to give
to the Liberty Army men who will
leave for France early in the spring.
Yarn may be obtained at the Women's
Club House for knitting helmets,
scarfs, sweaters, and socks, and di
rections will be given if desired.
Mrs. J. W. Mitchell, who is in charge
of the Red Cross work of the Palo
Alto chapter, explained the intimate
connection between the government
and the Red Cross organization, at
the special Y. W. C. A.-Red Cross
meeting yesterday afternoon. While
she spoke, the women outlined mak
ing compresses for which there is
such a great need.
Hn'mefs and fcarfs are urgently
needed, and Stanford women are es
pecially requested to devote as much
time as possible to knitting these ar
ticles. The Red Cross chapter has re
ceived orders to send a large number
to headquarters immediately to give
to the Liberty Army men who will
leave for France early in the spring.
Yarn may be obtained at the Women's
Club House for knitting helmets,
scarfs, sweaters, and socks, and di
rections will be given if desired.
Mrs. J. W. Mitchell, who is in charge
of the Red Cross work of the Palo
Alto chapter, explained the intimate
connection between the government
and the Red Cross organization, at
the special Y. W. C. A.-Red Cross
meeting yesterday afternoon. While
she spoke, the women outlined mak
ing compresses for which there is
such a great need.
Hn'mefs and fcarfs are urgently
needed, and Stanford women are es
pecially requested to devote as much
time as possible to knitting these ar
ticles. The Red Cross chapter has re
ceived orders to send a large number
to headquarters immediately to give
to the Liberty Army men who will
leave for France early in the spring.
Yarn may be obtained at the Women's
Club House for knitting helmets,
scarfs, sweaters, and socks, and di
rections will be given if desired.
Mrs. J. W. Mitchell, who is in charge
of the Red Cross work of the Palo
Alto chapter, explained the intimate
connection between the government
and the Red Cross organization, at
the special Y. W. C. A.-Red Cross
meeting yesterday afternoon. While
she spoke, the women outlined mak
ing compresses for which there is
such a great need.
Hn'mefs and fcarfs are urgently
needed, and Stanford women are es
pecially requested to devote as much
time as possible to knitting these ar
ticles. The Red Cross chapter has re
ceived orders to send a large number
to headquarters immediately to give
to the Liberty Army men who will
leave for France early in the spring.
Yarn may be obtained at the Women's
Club House for knitting helmets,
scarfs, sweaters, and socks, and di
rections will be given if desired.
Mrs. J. W. Mitchell, who is in charge
of the Red Cross work of the Palo
Alto chapter, explained the intimate
connection between the government
and the Red Cross organization, at
the special Y. W. C. A.-Red Cross
meeting yesterday afternoon. While
she spoke, the women outlined mak
ing compresses for which there is
such a great need.
Hn'mefs and fcarfs are urgently
needed, and Stanford women are es
pecially requested to devote as much
time as possible to knitting these ar
ticles. The Red Cross chapter has re
ceived orders to send a large number
to headquarters immediately to give
to the Liberty Army men who will
leave for France early in the spring.
Yarn may be obtained at the Women's
Club House for knitting helmets,
scarfs, sweaters, and socks, and di
rections will be given if desired.
Mrs. J. W. Mitchell, who is in charge
of the Red Cross work of the Palo
Alto chapter, explained the intimate
connection between the government
and the Red Cross organization, at
the special Y. W. C. A.-Red Cross
meeting yesterday afternoon. While
she spoke, the women outlined mak
ing compresses for which there is
such a great need.
Hn'mefs and fcarfs are urgently
needed, and Stanford women are es
pecially requested to devote as much
time as possible to knitting these ar
ticles. The Red Cross chapter has re
ceived orders to send a large number
to headquarters immediately to give
to the Liberty Army men who will
leave for France early in the spring.
Yarn may be obtained at the Women's
Club House for knitting helmets,
scarfs, sweaters, and socks, and di
rections will be given if desired.
Mrs. J. W. Mitchell, who is in charge
of the Red Cross work of the Palo
Alto chapter, explained the intimate
connection between the government
and the Red Cross organization, at
the special Y. W. C. A.-Red Cross
meeting yesterday afternoon. While
she spoke, the women outlined mak
ing compresses for which there is
such a great need.
Hn'mefs and fcarfs are urgently
needed, and Stanford women are es
pecially requested to devote as much
time as possible to knitting these ar
ticles. The Red Cross chapter has re
ceived orders to send a large number
to headquarters immediately to give
to the Liberty Army men who will
leave for France early in the spring.
Yarn may be obtained at the Women's
Club House for knitting helmets,
scarfs, sweaters, and socks, and di
rections will be given if desired.
