# LILLY'S SCHEDULE NEARLY COMPLETED
## 
### 
Promises of a lively baseball sea
son are in evidence if the plans of
Captain Ken Lilly can be fully car
ried out. Lilly has already in view a
number of good games to give the
varsity squad some stiff pre-season
competition. The schedule as it now
stands includes games with Califor
nia, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's Col
lege.
Keen competition is also expected
when the Varsity meets the Olympic
Club. A number o{ fast games will
be held with "Speed" Martin's bunch
from the city, and "Swede" Risberg's
soldier squad from the Presidio. The
marines from Mare Island will also
send a team to compete with the Car
dinals for baseball honors, and will
probably put up a stiff fight. Plans
are being made for other games with
the military, which will bring down
many notables from the big league
who have enlisted.
Promises of a lively baseball sea
son are in evidence if the plans of
Captain Ken Lilly can be fully car
ried out. Lilly has already in view a
number of good games to give the
varsity squad some stiff pre-season
competition. The schedule as it now
stands includes games with Califor
nia, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's Col
lege.
Keen competition is also expected
when the Varsity meets the Olympic
Club. A number o{ fast games will
be held with "Speed" Martin's bunch
from the city, and "Swede" Risberg's
soldier squad from the Presidio. The
marines from Mare Island will also
send a team to compete with the Car
dinals for baseball honors, and will
probably put up a stiff fight. Plans
are being made for other games with
the military, which will bring down
many notables from the big league
who have enlisted.
Promises of a lively baseball sea
son are in evidence if the plans of
Captain Ken Lilly can be fully car
ried out. Lilly has already in view a
number of good games to give the
varsity squad some stiff pre-season
competition. The schedule as it now
stands includes games with Califor
nia, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's Col
lege.
Keen competition is also expected
when the Varsity meets the Olympic
Club. A number o{ fast games will
be held with "Speed" Martin's bunch
from the city, and "Swede" Risberg's
soldier squad from the Presidio. The
marines from Mare Island will also
send a team to compete with the Car
dinals for baseball honors, and will
probably put up a stiff fight. Plans
are being made for other games with
the military, which will bring down
many notables from the big league
who have enlisted.
Promises of a lively baseball sea
son are in evidence if the plans of
Captain Ken Lilly can be fully car
ried out. Lilly has already in view a
number of good games to give the
varsity squad some stiff pre-season
competition. The schedule as it now
stands includes games with Califor
nia, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's Col
lege.
Keen competition is also expected
when the Varsity meets the Olympic
Club. A number o{ fast games will
be held with "Speed" Martin's bunch
from the city, and "Swede" Risberg's
soldier squad from the Presidio. The
marines from Mare Island will also
send a team to compete with the Car
dinals for baseball honors, and will
probably put up a stiff fight. Plans
are being made for other games with
the military, which will bring down
many notables from the big league
who have enlisted.
Promises of a lively baseball sea
son are in evidence if the plans of
Captain Ken Lilly can be fully car
ried out. Lilly has already in view a
number of good games to give the
varsity squad some stiff pre-season
competition. The schedule as it now
stands includes games with Califor
nia, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's Col
lege.
Keen competition is also expected
when the Varsity meets the Olympic
Club. A number o{ fast games will
be held with "Speed" Martin's bunch
from the city, and "Swede" Risberg's
soldier squad from the Presidio. The
marines from Mare Island will also
send a team to compete with the Car
dinals for baseball honors, and will
probably put up a stiff fight. Plans
are being made for other games with
the military, which will bring down
many notables from the big league
who have enlisted.
Promises of a lively baseball sea
son are in evidence if the plans of
Captain Ken Lilly can be fully car
ried out. Lilly has already in view a
number of good games to give the
varsity squad some stiff pre-season
competition. The schedule as it now
stands includes games with Califor
nia, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's Col
lege.
Keen competition is also expected
when the Varsity meets the Olympic
Club. A number o{ fast games will
be held with "Speed" Martin's bunch
from the city, and "Swede" Risberg's
soldier squad from the Presidio. The
marines from Mare Island will also
send a team to compete with the Car
dinals for baseball honors, and will
probably put up a stiff fight. Plans
are being made for other games with
the military, which will bring down
many notables from the big league
who have enlisted.
Promises of a lively baseball sea
son are in evidence if the plans of
Captain Ken Lilly can be fully car
ried out. Lilly has already in view a
number of good games to give the
varsity squad some stiff pre-season
competition. The schedule as it now
stands includes games with Califor
nia, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's Col
lege.
Keen competition is also expected
when the Varsity meets the Olympic
Club. A number o{ fast games will
be held with "Speed" Martin's bunch
from the city, and "Swede" Risberg's
soldier squad from the Presidio. The
marines from Mare Island will also
send a team to compete with the Car
dinals for baseball honors, and will
probably put up a stiff fight. Plans
are being made for other games with
the military, which will bring down
many notables from the big league
who have enlisted.
Promises of a lively baseball sea
son are in evidence if the plans of
Captain Ken Lilly can be fully car
ried out. Lilly has already in view a
number of good games to give the
varsity squad some stiff pre-season
competition. The schedule as it now
stands includes games with Califor
nia, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's Col
lege.
Keen competition is also expected
when the Varsity meets the Olympic
Club. A number o{ fast games will
be held with "Speed" Martin's bunch
from the city, and "Swede" Risberg's
soldier squad from the Presidio. The
marines from Mare Island will also
send a team to compete with the Car
dinals for baseball honors, and will
probably put up a stiff fight. Plans
are being made for other games with
the military, which will bring down
many notables from the big league
who have enlisted.
Promises of a lively baseball sea
son are in evidence if the plans of
Captain Ken Lilly can be fully car
ried out. Lilly has already in view a
number of good games to give the
varsity squad some stiff pre-season
competition. The schedule as it now
stands includes games with Califor
nia, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's Col
lege.
Keen competition is also expected
when the Varsity meets the Olympic
Club. A number o{ fast games will
be held with "Speed" Martin's bunch
from the city, and "Swede" Risberg's
soldier squad from the Presidio. The
marines from Mare Island will also
send a team to compete with the Car
dinals for baseball honors, and will
probably put up a stiff fight. Plans
are being made for other games with
the military, which will bring down
many notables from the big league
who have enlisted.
Promises of a lively baseball sea
son are in evidence if the plans of
Captain Ken Lilly can be fully car
ried out. Lilly has already in view a
number of good games to give the
varsity squad some stiff pre-season
competition. The schedule as it now
stands includes games with Califor
nia, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's Col
lege.
Keen competition is also expected
when the Varsity meets the Olympic
Club. A number o{ fast games will
be held with "Speed" Martin's bunch
from the city, and "Swede" Risberg's
soldier squad from the Presidio. The
marines from Mare Island will also
send a team to compete with the Car
dinals for baseball honors, and will
probably put up a stiff fight. Plans
are being made for other games with
the military, which will bring down
many notables from the big league
who have enlisted.
Promises of a lively baseball sea
son are in evidence if the plans of
Captain Ken Lilly can be fully car
ried out. Lilly has already in view a
number of good games to give the
varsity squad some stiff pre-season
competition. The schedule as it now
stands includes games with Califor
nia, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's Col
lege.
Keen competition is also expected
when the Varsity meets the Olympic
Club. A number o{ fast games will
be held with "Speed" Martin's bunch
from the city, and "Swede" Risberg's
soldier squad from the Presidio. The
marines from Mare Island will also
send a team to compete with the Car
dinals for baseball honors, and will
probably put up a stiff fight. Plans
are being made for other games with
the military, which will bring down
many notables from the big league
who have enlisted.
Promises of a lively baseball sea
son are in evidence if the plans of
Captain Ken Lilly can be fully car
ried out. Lilly has already in view a
number of good games to give the
varsity squad some stiff pre-season
competition. The schedule as it now
stands includes games with Califor
nia, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's Col
lege.
Keen competition is also expected
when the Varsity meets the Olympic
Club. A number o{ fast games will
be held with "Speed" Martin's bunch
from the city, and "Swede" Risberg's
soldier squad from the Presidio. The
marines from Mare Island will also
send a team to compete with the Car
dinals for baseball honors, and will
probably put up a stiff fight. Plans
are being made for other games with
the military, which will bring down
many notables from the big league
who have enlisted.
Promises of a lively baseball sea
son are in evidence if the plans of
Captain Ken Lilly can be fully car
ried out. Lilly has already in view a
number of good games to give the
varsity squad some stiff pre-season
competition. The schedule as it now
stands includes games with Califor
nia, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's Col
lege.
Keen competition is also expected
when the Varsity meets the Olympic
Club. A number o{ fast games will
be held with "Speed" Martin's bunch
from the city, and "Swede" Risberg's
soldier squad from the Presidio. The
marines from Mare Island will also
send a team to compete with the Car
dinals for baseball honors, and will
probably put up a stiff fight. Plans
are being made for other games with
the military, which will bring down
many notables from the big league
who have enlisted.
Promises of a lively baseball sea
son are in evidence if the plans of
Captain Ken Lilly can be fully car
ried out. Lilly has already in view a
number of good games to give the
varsity squad some stiff pre-season
competition. The schedule as it now
stands includes games with Califor
nia, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's Col
lege.
Keen competition is also expected
when the Varsity meets the Olympic
Club. A number o{ fast games will
be held with "Speed" Martin's bunch
from the city, and "Swede" Risberg's
soldier squad from the Presidio. The
marines from Mare Island will also
send a team to compete with the Car
dinals for baseball honors, and will
probably put up a stiff fight. Plans
are being made for other games with
the military, which will bring down
many notables from the big league
who have enlisted.
Promises of a lively baseball sea
son are in evidence if the plans of
Captain Ken Lilly can be fully car
ried out. Lilly has already in view a
number of good games to give the
varsity squad some stiff pre-season
competition. The schedule as it now
stands includes games with Califor
nia, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's Col
lege.
Keen competition is also expected
when the Varsity meets the Olympic
Club. A number o{ fast games will
be held with "Speed" Martin's bunch
from the city, and "Swede" Risberg's
soldier squad from the Presidio. The
marines from Mare Island will also
send a team to compete with the Car
dinals for baseball honors, and will
probably put up a stiff fight. Plans
are being made for other games with
the military, which will bring down
many notables from the big league
who have enlisted.
Promises of a lively baseball sea
son are in evidence if the plans of
Captain Ken Lilly can be fully car
ried out. Lilly has already in view a
number of good games to give the
varsity squad some stiff pre-season
competition. The schedule as it now
stands includes games with Califor
nia, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's Col
lege.
Keen competition is also expected
when the Varsity meets the Olympic
Club. A number o{ fast games will
be held with "Speed" Martin's bunch
from the city, and "Swede" Risberg's
soldier squad from the Presidio. The
marines from Mare Island will also
send a team to compete with the Car
dinals for baseball honors, and will
probably put up a stiff fight. Plans
are being made for other games with
the military, which will bring down
many notables from the big league
who have enlisted.
