# Adv. 50 Page 10
## 
### 
NOTICE TO |
Oldsmobile
LaSaffe and
Cadillac
OWNERS
e
FOR SERVICE
LUBRICATION
REPAIRING
BATTERY Cr TIRES
BODY b FENDER
STORAGE
©
Use your authorized re
pair shop where factory
trained men know your
car.
Free Pick-Up and
Delivery
CALL PALO ALTO 4151
•
Will iam Pabst
Cr Co.
Homer & Emerson Sts.
PALO ALTO
CADILLAC LA SALLE
OLDSMOBILE
WE REPAIR ALL MAKES J
NOTICE TO |
Oldsmobile
LaSaffe and
Cadillac
OWNERS
e
FOR SERVICE
LUBRICATION
REPAIRING
BATTERY Cr TIRES
BODY b FENDER
STORAGE
©
Use your authorized re
pair shop where factory
trained men know your
car.
Free Pick-Up and
Delivery
CALL PALO ALTO 4151
•
Will iam Pabst
Cr Co.
Homer & Emerson Sts.
PALO ALTO
CADILLAC LA SALLE
OLDSMOBILE
WE REPAIR ALL MAKES J
NOTICE TO |
Oldsmobile
LaSaffe and
Cadillac
OWNERS
e
FOR SERVICE
LUBRICATION
REPAIRING
BATTERY Cr TIRES
BODY b FENDER
STORAGE
©
Use your authorized re
pair shop where factory
trained men know your
car.
Free Pick-Up and
Delivery
CALL PALO ALTO 4151
•
Will iam Pabst
Cr Co.
Homer & Emerson Sts.
PALO ALTO
CADILLAC LA SALLE
OLDSMOBILE
WE REPAIR ALL MAKES J
NOTICE TO |
Oldsmobile
LaSaffe and
Cadillac
OWNERS
e
FOR SERVICE
LUBRICATION
REPAIRING
BATTERY Cr TIRES
BODY b FENDER
STORAGE
©
Use your authorized re
pair shop where factory
trained men know your
car.
Free Pick-Up and
Delivery
CALL PALO ALTO 4151
•
Will iam Pabst
Cr Co.
Homer & Emerson Sts.
PALO ALTO
CADILLAC LA SALLE
OLDSMOBILE
WE REPAIR ALL MAKES J
NOTICE TO |
Oldsmobile
LaSaffe and
Cadillac
OWNERS
e
FOR SERVICE
LUBRICATION
REPAIRING
BATTERY Cr TIRES
BODY b FENDER
STORAGE
©
Use your authorized re
pair shop where factory
trained men know your
car.
Free Pick-Up and
Delivery
CALL PALO ALTO 4151
•
Will iam Pabst
Cr Co.
Homer & Emerson Sts.
PALO ALTO
CADILLAC LA SALLE
OLDSMOBILE
WE REPAIR ALL MAKES J
NOTICE TO |
Oldsmobile
LaSaffe and
Cadillac
OWNERS
e
FOR SERVICE
LUBRICATION
REPAIRING
BATTERY Cr TIRES
BODY b FENDER
STORAGE
©
Use your authorized re
pair shop where factory
trained men know your
car.
Free Pick-Up and
Delivery
CALL PALO ALTO 4151
•
Will iam Pabst
Cr Co.
Homer & Emerson Sts.
PALO ALTO
CADILLAC LA SALLE
OLDSMOBILE
WE REPAIR ALL MAKES J
NOTICE TO |
Oldsmobile
LaSaffe and
Cadillac
OWNERS
e
FOR SERVICE
LUBRICATION
REPAIRING
BATTERY Cr TIRES
BODY b FENDER
STORAGE
©
Use your authorized re
pair shop where factory
trained men know your
car.
Free Pick-Up and
Delivery
CALL PALO ALTO 4151
•
Will iam Pabst
Cr Co.
Homer & Emerson Sts.
PALO ALTO
CADILLAC LA SALLE
OLDSMOBILE
WE REPAIR ALL MAKES J
NOTICE TO |
Oldsmobile
LaSaffe and
Cadillac
OWNERS
e
FOR SERVICE
LUBRICATION
REPAIRING
BATTERY Cr TIRES
BODY b FENDER
STORAGE
©
Use your authorized re
pair shop where factory
trained men know your
car.
Free Pick-Up and
Delivery
CALL PALO ALTO 4151
•
Will iam Pabst
Cr Co.
Homer & Emerson Sts.
PALO ALTO
CADILLAC LA SALLE
OLDSMOBILE
WE REPAIR ALL MAKES J
NOTICE TO |
Oldsmobile
LaSaffe and
Cadillac
OWNERS
e
FOR SERVICE
LUBRICATION
REPAIRING
BATTERY Cr TIRES
BODY b FENDER
STORAGE
©
Use your authorized re
pair shop where factory
trained men know your
car.
Free Pick-Up and
Delivery
CALL PALO ALTO 4151
•
Will iam Pabst
Cr Co.
Homer & Emerson Sts.
PALO ALTO
CADILLAC LA SALLE
OLDSMOBILE
WE REPAIR ALL MAKES J
NOTICE TO |
Oldsmobile
LaSaffe and
Cadillac
OWNERS
e
FOR SERVICE
LUBRICATION
REPAIRING
BATTERY Cr TIRES
BODY b FENDER
STORAGE
©
Use your authorized re
pair shop where factory
trained men know your
car.
Free Pick-Up and
Delivery
CALL PALO ALTO 4151
•
Will iam Pabst
Cr Co.
Homer & Emerson Sts.
PALO ALTO
CADILLAC LA SALLE
OLDSMOBILE
WE REPAIR ALL MAKES J
NOTICE TO |
Oldsmobile
LaSaffe and
Cadillac
OWNERS
e
FOR SERVICE
LUBRICATION
REPAIRING
BATTERY Cr TIRES
BODY b FENDER
STORAGE
©
Use your authorized re
pair shop where factory
trained men know your
car.
Free Pick-Up and
Delivery
CALL PALO ALTO 4151
•
Will iam Pabst
Cr Co.
Homer & Emerson Sts.
PALO ALTO
CADILLAC LA SALLE
OLDSMOBILE
WE REPAIR ALL MAKES J
NOTICE TO |
Oldsmobile
LaSaffe and
Cadillac
OWNERS
e
FOR SERVICE
LUBRICATION
REPAIRING
BATTERY Cr TIRES
BODY b FENDER
STORAGE
©
Use your authorized re
pair shop where factory
trained men know your
car.
Free Pick-Up and
Delivery
CALL PALO ALTO 4151
•
Will iam Pabst
Cr Co.
Homer & Emerson Sts.
PALO ALTO
CADILLAC LA SALLE
OLDSMOBILE
WE REPAIR ALL MAKES J
NOTICE TO |
Oldsmobile
LaSaffe and
Cadillac
OWNERS
e
FOR SERVICE
LUBRICATION
REPAIRING
BATTERY Cr TIRES
BODY b FENDER
STORAGE
©
Use your authorized re
pair shop where factory
trained men know your
car.
Free Pick-Up and
Delivery
CALL PALO ALTO 4151
•
Will iam Pabst
Cr Co.
Homer & Emerson Sts.
PALO ALTO
CADILLAC LA SALLE
OLDSMOBILE
WE REPAIR ALL MAKES J
NOTICE TO |
Oldsmobile
LaSaffe and
Cadillac
OWNERS
e
FOR SERVICE
LUBRICATION
REPAIRING
BATTERY Cr TIRES
BODY b FENDER
STORAGE
©
Use your authorized re
pair shop where factory
trained men know your
car.
Free Pick-Up and
Delivery
CALL PALO ALTO 4151
•
Will iam Pabst
Cr Co.
Homer & Emerson Sts.
PALO ALTO
CADILLAC LA SALLE
OLDSMOBILE
WE REPAIR ALL MAKES J
NOTICE TO |
Oldsmobile
LaSaffe and
Cadillac
OWNERS
e
FOR SERVICE
LUBRICATION
REPAIRING
BATTERY Cr TIRES
BODY b FENDER
STORAGE
©
Use your authorized re
pair shop where factory
trained men know your
car.
Free Pick-Up and
Delivery
CALL PALO ALTO 4151
•
Will iam Pabst
Cr Co.
Homer & Emerson Sts.
PALO ALTO
CADILLAC LA SALLE
OLDSMOBILE
WE REPAIR ALL MAKES J
