# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Of the total number of men en
rolled on the Los Angeles campus of
the University of California during
1933-34, 15 per cent were entirely
self-supporting.
Of the total number of men en
rolled on the Los Angeles campus of
the University of California during
1933-34, 15 per cent were entirely
self-supporting.
Of the total number of men en
rolled on the Los Angeles campus of
the University of California during
1933-34, 15 per cent were entirely
self-supporting.
Of the total number of men en
rolled on the Los Angeles campus of
the University of California during
1933-34, 15 per cent were entirely
self-supporting.
Of the total number of men en
rolled on the Los Angeles campus of
the University of California during
1933-34, 15 per cent were entirely
self-supporting.
Of the total number of men en
rolled on the Los Angeles campus of
the University of California during
1933-34, 15 per cent were entirely
self-supporting.
Of the total number of men en
rolled on the Los Angeles campus of
the University of California during
1933-34, 15 per cent were entirely
self-supporting.
Of the total number of men en
rolled on the Los Angeles campus of
the University of California during
1933-34, 15 per cent were entirely
self-supporting.
Of the total number of men en
rolled on the Los Angeles campus of
the University of California during
1933-34, 15 per cent were entirely
self-supporting.
Of the total number of men en
rolled on the Los Angeles campus of
the University of California during
1933-34, 15 per cent were entirely
self-supporting.
Of the total number of men en
rolled on the Los Angeles campus of
the University of California during
1933-34, 15 per cent were entirely
self-supporting.
Of the total number of men en
rolled on the Los Angeles campus of
the University of California during
1933-34, 15 per cent were entirely
self-supporting.
Of the total number of men en
rolled on the Los Angeles campus of
the University of California during
1933-34, 15 per cent were entirely
self-supporting.
Of the total number of men en
rolled on the Los Angeles campus of
the University of California during
1933-34, 15 per cent were entirely
self-supporting.
Of the total number of men en
rolled on the Los Angeles campus of
the University of California during
1933-34, 15 per cent were entirely
self-supporting.
