# Grid Tickets Go On Sale
## 
### 
Rooters' tickets for the North
western game will go on sale to
morrow in the ticket booth in the
lobby in the BA.C. building. They
will still be available Thursday and
Friday at the price of $1.10. The
booth will be open from 9 a.m. until
5 p.m. on each of the three days.
Each student may also fcecui'e six
reserved seats for friends at the gen
eral admission price of $2.20. Seats
in the special sections at the sta
dium's ends will sell for $1.10.
Rooters' tickets for the North
western game will go on sale to
morrow in the ticket booth in the
lobby in the BA.C. building. They
will still be available Thursday and
Friday at the price of $1.10. The
booth will be open from 9 a.m. until
5 p.m. on each of the three days.
Each student may also fcecui'e six
reserved seats for friends at the gen
eral admission price of $2.20. Seats
in the special sections at the sta
dium's ends will sell for $1.10.
Rooters' tickets for the North
western game will go on sale to
morrow in the ticket booth in the
lobby in the BA.C. building. They
will still be available Thursday and
Friday at the price of $1.10. The
booth will be open from 9 a.m. until
5 p.m. on each of the three days.
Each student may also fcecui'e six
reserved seats for friends at the gen
eral admission price of $2.20. Seats
in the special sections at the sta
dium's ends will sell for $1.10.
Rooters' tickets for the North
western game will go on sale to
morrow in the ticket booth in the
lobby in the BA.C. building. They
will still be available Thursday and
Friday at the price of $1.10. The
booth will be open from 9 a.m. until
5 p.m. on each of the three days.
Each student may also fcecui'e six
reserved seats for friends at the gen
eral admission price of $2.20. Seats
in the special sections at the sta
dium's ends will sell for $1.10.
Rooters' tickets for the North
western game will go on sale to
morrow in the ticket booth in the
lobby in the BA.C. building. They
will still be available Thursday and
Friday at the price of $1.10. The
booth will be open from 9 a.m. until
5 p.m. on each of the three days.
Each student may also fcecui'e six
reserved seats for friends at the gen
eral admission price of $2.20. Seats
in the special sections at the sta
dium's ends will sell for $1.10.
Rooters' tickets for the North
western game will go on sale to
morrow in the ticket booth in the
lobby in the BA.C. building. They
will still be available Thursday and
Friday at the price of $1.10. The
booth will be open from 9 a.m. until
5 p.m. on each of the three days.
Each student may also fcecui'e six
reserved seats for friends at the gen
eral admission price of $2.20. Seats
in the special sections at the sta
dium's ends will sell for $1.10.
Rooters' tickets for the North
western game will go on sale to
morrow in the ticket booth in the
lobby in the BA.C. building. They
will still be available Thursday and
Friday at the price of $1.10. The
booth will be open from 9 a.m. until
5 p.m. on each of the three days.
Each student may also fcecui'e six
reserved seats for friends at the gen
eral admission price of $2.20. Seats
in the special sections at the sta
dium's ends will sell for $1.10.
Rooters' tickets for the North
western game will go on sale to
morrow in the ticket booth in the
lobby in the BA.C. building. They
will still be available Thursday and
Friday at the price of $1.10. The
booth will be open from 9 a.m. until
5 p.m. on each of the three days.
Each student may also fcecui'e six
reserved seats for friends at the gen
eral admission price of $2.20. Seats
in the special sections at the sta
dium's ends will sell for $1.10.
Rooters' tickets for the North
western game will go on sale to
morrow in the ticket booth in the
lobby in the BA.C. building. They
will still be available Thursday and
Friday at the price of $1.10. The
booth will be open from 9 a.m. until
5 p.m. on each of the three days.
Each student may also fcecui'e six
reserved seats for friends at the gen
eral admission price of $2.20. Seats
in the special sections at the sta
dium's ends will sell for $1.10.
Rooters' tickets for the North
western game will go on sale to
morrow in the ticket booth in the
lobby in the BA.C. building. They
will still be available Thursday and
Friday at the price of $1.10. The
booth will be open from 9 a.m. until
5 p.m. on each of the three days.
Each student may also fcecui'e six
reserved seats for friends at the gen
eral admission price of $2.20. Seats
in the special sections at the sta
dium's ends will sell for $1.10.
Rooters' tickets for the North
western game will go on sale to
morrow in the ticket booth in the
lobby in the BA.C. building. They
will still be available Thursday and
Friday at the price of $1.10. The
booth will be open from 9 a.m. until
5 p.m. on each of the three days.
Each student may also fcecui'e six
reserved seats for friends at the gen
eral admission price of $2.20. Seats
in the special sections at the sta
dium's ends will sell for $1.10.
Rooters' tickets for the North
western game will go on sale to
morrow in the ticket booth in the
lobby in the BA.C. building. They
will still be available Thursday and
Friday at the price of $1.10. The
booth will be open from 9 a.m. until
5 p.m. on each of the three days.
Each student may also fcecui'e six
reserved seats for friends at the gen
eral admission price of $2.20. Seats
in the special sections at the sta
dium's ends will sell for $1.10.
Rooters' tickets for the North
western game will go on sale to
morrow in the ticket booth in the
lobby in the BA.C. building. They
will still be available Thursday and
Friday at the price of $1.10. The
booth will be open from 9 a.m. until
5 p.m. on each of the three days.
Each student may also fcecui'e six
reserved seats for friends at the gen
eral admission price of $2.20. Seats
in the special sections at the sta
dium's ends will sell for $1.10.
Rooters' tickets for the North
western game will go on sale to
morrow in the ticket booth in the
lobby in the BA.C. building. They
will still be available Thursday and
Friday at the price of $1.10. The
booth will be open from 9 a.m. until
5 p.m. on each of the three days.
Each student may also fcecui'e six
reserved seats for friends at the gen
eral admission price of $2.20. Seats
in the special sections at the sta
dium's ends will sell for $1.10.
Rooters' tickets for the North
western game will go on sale to
morrow in the ticket booth in the
lobby in the BA.C. building. They
will still be available Thursday and
Friday at the price of $1.10. The
booth will be open from 9 a.m. until
5 p.m. on each of the three days.
Each student may also fcecui'e six
reserved seats for friends at the gen
eral admission price of $2.20. Seats
in the special sections at the sta
dium's ends will sell for $1.10.
