# STATE DEMOCRATS GET TOGETHER AT CONVENTION
## 
### 

When the Democrats finally got together in their slate convention they elected officers, then adopted a plat
form. Noteworthy was the political reconciliation between (left to right) George Creel, Senator William G.
McAdoo, and Upton Sinclair, successful democratic gubernatorial candidate. (Associated Press photo.)

When the Democrats finally got together in their slate convention they elected officers, then adopted a plat
form. Noteworthy was the political reconciliation between (left to right) George Creel, Senator William G.
McAdoo, and Upton Sinclair, successful democratic gubernatorial candidate. (Associated Press photo.)

When the Democrats finally got together in their slate convention they elected officers, then adopted a plat
form. Noteworthy was the political reconciliation between (left to right) George Creel, Senator William G.
McAdoo, and Upton Sinclair, successful democratic gubernatorial candidate. (Associated Press photo.)

When the Democrats finally got together in their slate convention they elected officers, then adopted a plat
form. Noteworthy was the political reconciliation between (left to right) George Creel, Senator William G.
McAdoo, and Upton Sinclair, successful democratic gubernatorial candidate. (Associated Press photo.)

When the Democrats finally got together in their slate convention they elected officers, then adopted a plat
form. Noteworthy was the political reconciliation between (left to right) George Creel, Senator William G.
McAdoo, and Upton Sinclair, successful democratic gubernatorial candidate. (Associated Press photo.)

When the Democrats finally got together in their slate convention they elected officers, then adopted a plat
form. Noteworthy was the political reconciliation between (left to right) George Creel, Senator William G.
McAdoo, and Upton Sinclair, successful democratic gubernatorial candidate. (Associated Press photo.)

When the Democrats finally got together in their slate convention they elected officers, then adopted a plat
form. Noteworthy was the political reconciliation between (left to right) George Creel, Senator William G.
McAdoo, and Upton Sinclair, successful democratic gubernatorial candidate. (Associated Press photo.)

When the Democrats finally got together in their slate convention they elected officers, then adopted a plat
form. Noteworthy was the political reconciliation between (left to right) George Creel, Senator William G.
McAdoo, and Upton Sinclair, successful democratic gubernatorial candidate. (Associated Press photo.)

When the Democrats finally got together in their slate convention they elected officers, then adopted a plat
form. Noteworthy was the political reconciliation between (left to right) George Creel, Senator William G.
McAdoo, and Upton Sinclair, successful democratic gubernatorial candidate. (Associated Press photo.)

When the Democrats finally got together in their slate convention they elected officers, then adopted a plat
form. Noteworthy was the political reconciliation between (left to right) George Creel, Senator William G.
McAdoo, and Upton Sinclair, successful democratic gubernatorial candidate. (Associated Press photo.)

When the Democrats finally got together in their slate convention they elected officers, then adopted a plat
form. Noteworthy was the political reconciliation between (left to right) George Creel, Senator William G.
McAdoo, and Upton Sinclair, successful democratic gubernatorial candidate. (Associated Press photo.)

When the Democrats finally got together in their slate convention they elected officers, then adopted a plat
form. Noteworthy was the political reconciliation between (left to right) George Creel, Senator William G.
McAdoo, and Upton Sinclair, successful democratic gubernatorial candidate. (Associated Press photo.)

When the Democrats finally got together in their slate convention they elected officers, then adopted a plat
form. Noteworthy was the political reconciliation between (left to right) George Creel, Senator William G.
McAdoo, and Upton Sinclair, successful democratic gubernatorial candidate. (Associated Press photo.)

When the Democrats finally got together in their slate convention they elected officers, then adopted a plat
form. Noteworthy was the political reconciliation between (left to right) George Creel, Senator William G.
McAdoo, and Upton Sinclair, successful democratic gubernatorial candidate. (Associated Press photo.)

When the Democrats finally got together in their slate convention they elected officers, then adopted a plat
form. Noteworthy was the political reconciliation between (left to right) George Creel, Senator William G.
McAdoo, and Upton Sinclair, successful democratic gubernatorial candidate. (Associated Press photo.)
