# HONOR OLD TIMERS
## 
### 
Washington State's first grid team,
veterans of the season of 1894, will
be special guests at the annual
homecoming to be held in Pullman
October 27. Eleven members of the
original team are expected.
Washington State's first grid team,
veterans of the season of 1894, will
be special guests at the annual
homecoming to be held in Pullman
October 27. Eleven members of the
original team are expected.
Washington State's first grid team,
veterans of the season of 1894, will
be special guests at the annual
homecoming to be held in Pullman
October 27. Eleven members of the
original team are expected.
Washington State's first grid team,
veterans of the season of 1894, will
be special guests at the annual
homecoming to be held in Pullman
October 27. Eleven members of the
original team are expected.
Washington State's first grid team,
veterans of the season of 1894, will
be special guests at the annual
homecoming to be held in Pullman
October 27. Eleven members of the
original team are expected.
Washington State's first grid team,
veterans of the season of 1894, will
be special guests at the annual
homecoming to be held in Pullman
October 27. Eleven members of the
original team are expected.
Washington State's first grid team,
veterans of the season of 1894, will
be special guests at the annual
homecoming to be held in Pullman
October 27. Eleven members of the
original team are expected.
Washington State's first grid team,
veterans of the season of 1894, will
be special guests at the annual
homecoming to be held in Pullman
October 27. Eleven members of the
original team are expected.
Washington State's first grid team,
veterans of the season of 1894, will
be special guests at the annual
homecoming to be held in Pullman
October 27. Eleven members of the
original team are expected.
Washington State's first grid team,
veterans of the season of 1894, will
be special guests at the annual
homecoming to be held in Pullman
October 27. Eleven members of the
original team are expected.
Washington State's first grid team,
veterans of the season of 1894, will
be special guests at the annual
homecoming to be held in Pullman
October 27. Eleven members of the
original team are expected.
Washington State's first grid team,
veterans of the season of 1894, will
be special guests at the annual
homecoming to be held in Pullman
October 27. Eleven members of the
original team are expected.
Washington State's first grid team,
veterans of the season of 1894, will
be special guests at the annual
homecoming to be held in Pullman
October 27. Eleven members of the
original team are expected.
Washington State's first grid team,
veterans of the season of 1894, will
be special guests at the annual
homecoming to be held in Pullman
October 27. Eleven members of the
original team are expected.
Washington State's first grid team,
veterans of the season of 1894, will
be special guests at the annual
homecoming to be held in Pullman
October 27. Eleven members of the
original team are expected.
