# A.F.L. President Scores Austrian Nazis, Fascists
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2 l/P).—
Denouncing alleged persecution of
the masses in Austria, William
Green, president of the American
Federation of Labor, today declared
"the time will come when those who
are assuming to be dictators and
tyrants of Europe will pay and
answer to the masses of the people."
Goby fish will drown if kept under
water for any length of time; they
are able to "walk" around ashore.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2 l/P).—
Denouncing alleged persecution of
the masses in Austria, William
Green, president of the American
Federation of Labor, today declared
"the time will come when those who
are assuming to be dictators and
tyrants of Europe will pay and
answer to the masses of the people."
Goby fish will drown if kept under
water for any length of time; they
are able to "walk" around ashore.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2 l/P).—
Denouncing alleged persecution of
the masses in Austria, William
Green, president of the American
Federation of Labor, today declared
"the time will come when those who
are assuming to be dictators and
tyrants of Europe will pay and
answer to the masses of the people."
Goby fish will drown if kept under
water for any length of time; they
are able to "walk" around ashore.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2 l/P).—
Denouncing alleged persecution of
the masses in Austria, William
Green, president of the American
Federation of Labor, today declared
"the time will come when those who
are assuming to be dictators and
tyrants of Europe will pay and
answer to the masses of the people."
Goby fish will drown if kept under
water for any length of time; they
are able to "walk" around ashore.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2 l/P).—
Denouncing alleged persecution of
the masses in Austria, William
Green, president of the American
Federation of Labor, today declared
"the time will come when those who
are assuming to be dictators and
tyrants of Europe will pay and
answer to the masses of the people."
Goby fish will drown if kept under
water for any length of time; they
are able to "walk" around ashore.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2 l/P).—
Denouncing alleged persecution of
the masses in Austria, William
Green, president of the American
Federation of Labor, today declared
"the time will come when those who
are assuming to be dictators and
tyrants of Europe will pay and
answer to the masses of the people."
Goby fish will drown if kept under
water for any length of time; they
are able to "walk" around ashore.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2 l/P).—
Denouncing alleged persecution of
the masses in Austria, William
Green, president of the American
Federation of Labor, today declared
"the time will come when those who
are assuming to be dictators and
tyrants of Europe will pay and
answer to the masses of the people."
Goby fish will drown if kept under
water for any length of time; they
are able to "walk" around ashore.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2 l/P).—
Denouncing alleged persecution of
the masses in Austria, William
Green, president of the American
Federation of Labor, today declared
"the time will come when those who
are assuming to be dictators and
tyrants of Europe will pay and
answer to the masses of the people."
Goby fish will drown if kept under
water for any length of time; they
are able to "walk" around ashore.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2 l/P).—
Denouncing alleged persecution of
the masses in Austria, William
Green, president of the American
Federation of Labor, today declared
"the time will come when those who
are assuming to be dictators and
tyrants of Europe will pay and
answer to the masses of the people."
Goby fish will drown if kept under
water for any length of time; they
are able to "walk" around ashore.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2 l/P).—
Denouncing alleged persecution of
the masses in Austria, William
Green, president of the American
Federation of Labor, today declared
"the time will come when those who
are assuming to be dictators and
tyrants of Europe will pay and
answer to the masses of the people."
Goby fish will drown if kept under
water for any length of time; they
are able to "walk" around ashore.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2 l/P).—
Denouncing alleged persecution of
the masses in Austria, William
Green, president of the American
Federation of Labor, today declared
"the time will come when those who
are assuming to be dictators and
tyrants of Europe will pay and
answer to the masses of the people."
Goby fish will drown if kept under
water for any length of time; they
are able to "walk" around ashore.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2 l/P).—
Denouncing alleged persecution of
the masses in Austria, William
Green, president of the American
Federation of Labor, today declared
"the time will come when those who
are assuming to be dictators and
tyrants of Europe will pay and
answer to the masses of the people."
Goby fish will drown if kept under
water for any length of time; they
are able to "walk" around ashore.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2 l/P).—
Denouncing alleged persecution of
the masses in Austria, William
Green, president of the American
Federation of Labor, today declared
"the time will come when those who
are assuming to be dictators and
tyrants of Europe will pay and
answer to the masses of the people."
Goby fish will drown if kept under
water for any length of time; they
are able to "walk" around ashore.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2 l/P).—
Denouncing alleged persecution of
the masses in Austria, William
Green, president of the American
Federation of Labor, today declared
"the time will come when those who
are assuming to be dictators and
tyrants of Europe will pay and
answer to the masses of the people."
Goby fish will drown if kept under
water for any length of time; they
are able to "walk" around ashore.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2 l/P).—
Denouncing alleged persecution of
the masses in Austria, William
Green, president of the American
Federation of Labor, today declared
"the time will come when those who
are assuming to be dictators and
tyrants of Europe will pay and
answer to the masses of the people."
Goby fish will drown if kept under
water for any length of time; they
are able to "walk" around ashore.
