# 1934 EDITION OF ELMER LAYDEN'S NOTRE DAME TEAM
## 
### 

When (he first football session started u»- Notre Dame, Coach Elmer Layden (right) lined up a team
which will probably do most of the South Bend school's playing during the season. Layden starts prac
tically from scratch, very few regulars being left from last year. (Associated Press photo.)

When (he first football session started u»- Notre Dame, Coach Elmer Layden (right) lined up a team
which will probably do most of the South Bend school's playing during the season. Layden starts prac
tically from scratch, very few regulars being left from last year. (Associated Press photo.)

When (he first football session started u»- Notre Dame, Coach Elmer Layden (right) lined up a team
which will probably do most of the South Bend school's playing during the season. Layden starts prac
tically from scratch, very few regulars being left from last year. (Associated Press photo.)

When (he first football session started u»- Notre Dame, Coach Elmer Layden (right) lined up a team
which will probably do most of the South Bend school's playing during the season. Layden starts prac
tically from scratch, very few regulars being left from last year. (Associated Press photo.)

When (he first football session started u»- Notre Dame, Coach Elmer Layden (right) lined up a team
which will probably do most of the South Bend school's playing during the season. Layden starts prac
tically from scratch, very few regulars being left from last year. (Associated Press photo.)

When (he first football session started u»- Notre Dame, Coach Elmer Layden (right) lined up a team
which will probably do most of the South Bend school's playing during the season. Layden starts prac
tically from scratch, very few regulars being left from last year. (Associated Press photo.)

When (he first football session started u»- Notre Dame, Coach Elmer Layden (right) lined up a team
which will probably do most of the South Bend school's playing during the season. Layden starts prac
tically from scratch, very few regulars being left from last year. (Associated Press photo.)

When (he first football session started u»- Notre Dame, Coach Elmer Layden (right) lined up a team
which will probably do most of the South Bend school's playing during the season. Layden starts prac
tically from scratch, very few regulars being left from last year. (Associated Press photo.)

When (he first football session started u»- Notre Dame, Coach Elmer Layden (right) lined up a team
which will probably do most of the South Bend school's playing during the season. Layden starts prac
tically from scratch, very few regulars being left from last year. (Associated Press photo.)

When (he first football session started u»- Notre Dame, Coach Elmer Layden (right) lined up a team
which will probably do most of the South Bend school's playing during the season. Layden starts prac
tically from scratch, very few regulars being left from last year. (Associated Press photo.)

When (he first football session started u»- Notre Dame, Coach Elmer Layden (right) lined up a team
which will probably do most of the South Bend school's playing during the season. Layden starts prac
tically from scratch, very few regulars being left from last year. (Associated Press photo.)

When (he first football session started u»- Notre Dame, Coach Elmer Layden (right) lined up a team
which will probably do most of the South Bend school's playing during the season. Layden starts prac
tically from scratch, very few regulars being left from last year. (Associated Press photo.)

When (he first football session started u»- Notre Dame, Coach Elmer Layden (right) lined up a team
which will probably do most of the South Bend school's playing during the season. Layden starts prac
tically from scratch, very few regulars being left from last year. (Associated Press photo.)

When (he first football session started u»- Notre Dame, Coach Elmer Layden (right) lined up a team
which will probably do most of the South Bend school's playing during the season. Layden starts prac
tically from scratch, very few regulars being left from last year. (Associated Press photo.)

When (he first football session started u»- Notre Dame, Coach Elmer Layden (right) lined up a team
which will probably do most of the South Bend school's playing during the season. Layden starts prac
tically from scratch, very few regulars being left from last year. (Associated Press photo.)
