# CARD GRIDDERS AWAIT OREGON STATE CONFERENCE TILT
## 
### 

Hoping for cooler weather this Saturday in Portland than they encountered against Santa Clara last week-end, this quartet hopes to wipe out
memories of their 7-7 tie in the Stanford bowl. Cards pictured arc Maentz and Alustiza, backs; Calloway, tackle; and Grayson, hack. Grayson is
being hailed as a probable All-Amcrican this year. (Associated Press photo).

Hoping for cooler weather this Saturday in Portland than they encountered against Santa Clara last week-end, this quartet hopes to wipe out
memories of their 7-7 tie in the Stanford bowl. Cards pictured arc Maentz and Alustiza, backs; Calloway, tackle; and Grayson, hack. Grayson is
being hailed as a probable All-Amcrican this year. (Associated Press photo).

Hoping for cooler weather this Saturday in Portland than they encountered against Santa Clara last week-end, this quartet hopes to wipe out
memories of their 7-7 tie in the Stanford bowl. Cards pictured arc Maentz and Alustiza, backs; Calloway, tackle; and Grayson, hack. Grayson is
being hailed as a probable All-Amcrican this year. (Associated Press photo).

Hoping for cooler weather this Saturday in Portland than they encountered against Santa Clara last week-end, this quartet hopes to wipe out
memories of their 7-7 tie in the Stanford bowl. Cards pictured arc Maentz and Alustiza, backs; Calloway, tackle; and Grayson, hack. Grayson is
being hailed as a probable All-Amcrican this year. (Associated Press photo).

Hoping for cooler weather this Saturday in Portland than they encountered against Santa Clara last week-end, this quartet hopes to wipe out
memories of their 7-7 tie in the Stanford bowl. Cards pictured arc Maentz and Alustiza, backs; Calloway, tackle; and Grayson, hack. Grayson is
being hailed as a probable All-Amcrican this year. (Associated Press photo).

Hoping for cooler weather this Saturday in Portland than they encountered against Santa Clara last week-end, this quartet hopes to wipe out
memories of their 7-7 tie in the Stanford bowl. Cards pictured arc Maentz and Alustiza, backs; Calloway, tackle; and Grayson, hack. Grayson is
being hailed as a probable All-Amcrican this year. (Associated Press photo).

Hoping for cooler weather this Saturday in Portland than they encountered against Santa Clara last week-end, this quartet hopes to wipe out
memories of their 7-7 tie in the Stanford bowl. Cards pictured arc Maentz and Alustiza, backs; Calloway, tackle; and Grayson, hack. Grayson is
being hailed as a probable All-Amcrican this year. (Associated Press photo).

Hoping for cooler weather this Saturday in Portland than they encountered against Santa Clara last week-end, this quartet hopes to wipe out
memories of their 7-7 tie in the Stanford bowl. Cards pictured arc Maentz and Alustiza, backs; Calloway, tackle; and Grayson, hack. Grayson is
being hailed as a probable All-Amcrican this year. (Associated Press photo).

Hoping for cooler weather this Saturday in Portland than they encountered against Santa Clara last week-end, this quartet hopes to wipe out
memories of their 7-7 tie in the Stanford bowl. Cards pictured arc Maentz and Alustiza, backs; Calloway, tackle; and Grayson, hack. Grayson is
being hailed as a probable All-Amcrican this year. (Associated Press photo).

Hoping for cooler weather this Saturday in Portland than they encountered against Santa Clara last week-end, this quartet hopes to wipe out
memories of their 7-7 tie in the Stanford bowl. Cards pictured arc Maentz and Alustiza, backs; Calloway, tackle; and Grayson, hack. Grayson is
being hailed as a probable All-Amcrican this year. (Associated Press photo).

Hoping for cooler weather this Saturday in Portland than they encountered against Santa Clara last week-end, this quartet hopes to wipe out
memories of their 7-7 tie in the Stanford bowl. Cards pictured arc Maentz and Alustiza, backs; Calloway, tackle; and Grayson, hack. Grayson is
being hailed as a probable All-Amcrican this year. (Associated Press photo).

Hoping for cooler weather this Saturday in Portland than they encountered against Santa Clara last week-end, this quartet hopes to wipe out
memories of their 7-7 tie in the Stanford bowl. Cards pictured arc Maentz and Alustiza, backs; Calloway, tackle; and Grayson, hack. Grayson is
being hailed as a probable All-Amcrican this year. (Associated Press photo).

Hoping for cooler weather this Saturday in Portland than they encountered against Santa Clara last week-end, this quartet hopes to wipe out
memories of their 7-7 tie in the Stanford bowl. Cards pictured arc Maentz and Alustiza, backs; Calloway, tackle; and Grayson, hack. Grayson is
being hailed as a probable All-Amcrican this year. (Associated Press photo).

Hoping for cooler weather this Saturday in Portland than they encountered against Santa Clara last week-end, this quartet hopes to wipe out
memories of their 7-7 tie in the Stanford bowl. Cards pictured arc Maentz and Alustiza, backs; Calloway, tackle; and Grayson, hack. Grayson is
being hailed as a probable All-Amcrican this year. (Associated Press photo).

Hoping for cooler weather this Saturday in Portland than they encountered against Santa Clara last week-end, this quartet hopes to wipe out
memories of their 7-7 tie in the Stanford bowl. Cards pictured arc Maentz and Alustiza, backs; Calloway, tackle; and Grayson, hack. Grayson is
being hailed as a probable All-Amcrican this year. (Associated Press photo).
