# Masquers Announces Drama Writing Contest
## 
### 
An opportunity for students inter
ested in dramatic writing is being
offered the campus by Masquers,
women's honorary dramatic society.
Jean Albertson, president, yesterday
announced that a contest open to all
Stanford students is being sponsored
by the society, in which authors of
one- or three-act plays may submit
their works.
The prize will be production of the
play by Masquers. All manuscripts
should be placed in the slot of the
door to room 203 before October 20.
An opportunity for students inter
ested in dramatic writing is being
offered the campus by Masquers,
women's honorary dramatic society.
Jean Albertson, president, yesterday
announced that a contest open to all
Stanford students is being sponsored
by the society, in which authors of
one- or three-act plays may submit
their works.
The prize will be production of the
play by Masquers. All manuscripts
should be placed in the slot of the
door to room 203 before October 20.
An opportunity for students inter
ested in dramatic writing is being
offered the campus by Masquers,
women's honorary dramatic society.
Jean Albertson, president, yesterday
announced that a contest open to all
Stanford students is being sponsored
by the society, in which authors of
one- or three-act plays may submit
their works.
The prize will be production of the
play by Masquers. All manuscripts
should be placed in the slot of the
door to room 203 before October 20.
An opportunity for students inter
ested in dramatic writing is being
offered the campus by Masquers,
women's honorary dramatic society.
Jean Albertson, president, yesterday
announced that a contest open to all
Stanford students is being sponsored
by the society, in which authors of
one- or three-act plays may submit
their works.
The prize will be production of the
play by Masquers. All manuscripts
should be placed in the slot of the
door to room 203 before October 20.
An opportunity for students inter
ested in dramatic writing is being
offered the campus by Masquers,
women's honorary dramatic society.
Jean Albertson, president, yesterday
announced that a contest open to all
Stanford students is being sponsored
by the society, in which authors of
one- or three-act plays may submit
their works.
The prize will be production of the
play by Masquers. All manuscripts
should be placed in the slot of the
door to room 203 before October 20.
An opportunity for students inter
ested in dramatic writing is being
offered the campus by Masquers,
women's honorary dramatic society.
Jean Albertson, president, yesterday
announced that a contest open to all
Stanford students is being sponsored
by the society, in which authors of
one- or three-act plays may submit
their works.
The prize will be production of the
play by Masquers. All manuscripts
should be placed in the slot of the
door to room 203 before October 20.
An opportunity for students inter
ested in dramatic writing is being
offered the campus by Masquers,
women's honorary dramatic society.
Jean Albertson, president, yesterday
announced that a contest open to all
Stanford students is being sponsored
by the society, in which authors of
one- or three-act plays may submit
their works.
The prize will be production of the
play by Masquers. All manuscripts
should be placed in the slot of the
door to room 203 before October 20.
An opportunity for students inter
ested in dramatic writing is being
offered the campus by Masquers,
women's honorary dramatic society.
Jean Albertson, president, yesterday
announced that a contest open to all
Stanford students is being sponsored
by the society, in which authors of
one- or three-act plays may submit
their works.
The prize will be production of the
play by Masquers. All manuscripts
should be placed in the slot of the
door to room 203 before October 20.
An opportunity for students inter
ested in dramatic writing is being
offered the campus by Masquers,
women's honorary dramatic society.
Jean Albertson, president, yesterday
announced that a contest open to all
Stanford students is being sponsored
by the society, in which authors of
one- or three-act plays may submit
their works.
The prize will be production of the
play by Masquers. All manuscripts
should be placed in the slot of the
door to room 203 before October 20.
An opportunity for students inter
ested in dramatic writing is being
offered the campus by Masquers,
women's honorary dramatic society.
Jean Albertson, president, yesterday
announced that a contest open to all
Stanford students is being sponsored
by the society, in which authors of
one- or three-act plays may submit
their works.
The prize will be production of the
play by Masquers. All manuscripts
should be placed in the slot of the
door to room 203 before October 20.
An opportunity for students inter
ested in dramatic writing is being
offered the campus by Masquers,
women's honorary dramatic society.
Jean Albertson, president, yesterday
announced that a contest open to all
Stanford students is being sponsored
by the society, in which authors of
one- or three-act plays may submit
their works.
The prize will be production of the
play by Masquers. All manuscripts
should be placed in the slot of the
door to room 203 before October 20.
An opportunity for students inter
ested in dramatic writing is being
offered the campus by Masquers,
women's honorary dramatic society.
Jean Albertson, president, yesterday
announced that a contest open to all
Stanford students is being sponsored
by the society, in which authors of
one- or three-act plays may submit
their works.
The prize will be production of the
play by Masquers. All manuscripts
should be placed in the slot of the
door to room 203 before October 20.
An opportunity for students inter
ested in dramatic writing is being
offered the campus by Masquers,
women's honorary dramatic society.
Jean Albertson, president, yesterday
announced that a contest open to all
Stanford students is being sponsored
by the society, in which authors of
one- or three-act plays may submit
their works.
The prize will be production of the
play by Masquers. All manuscripts
should be placed in the slot of the
door to room 203 before October 20.
An opportunity for students inter
ested in dramatic writing is being
offered the campus by Masquers,
women's honorary dramatic society.
Jean Albertson, president, yesterday
announced that a contest open to all
Stanford students is being sponsored
by the society, in which authors of
one- or three-act plays may submit
their works.
The prize will be production of the
play by Masquers. All manuscripts
should be placed in the slot of the
door to room 203 before October 20.
An opportunity for students inter
ested in dramatic writing is being
offered the campus by Masquers,
women's honorary dramatic society.
Jean Albertson, president, yesterday
announced that a contest open to all
Stanford students is being sponsored
by the society, in which authors of
one- or three-act plays may submit
their works.
The prize will be production of the
play by Masquers. All manuscripts
should be placed in the slot of the
door to room 203 before October 20.
