# In brief
## 
### 
• After heading the Stanford
University Press for the last nine
years, Director Grant Barnes has
resigned and retired from the Uni
versity, effective Sept. 1.
"It's time for new leadership [at
the Press] to emerge," said the 60-
year-old Barnes.
Norris Pope, associate director
and editor in chief of the Press,
will become acting director while a
search is conducted for Barnes' re
placement.
Barnes leaves at a critical time
for the Press. "We've been through
a rough year," he said, citing the
University's budget-reduction pro
posal earlier this year to shut down
the financially ailing operation.
While the Press has survived, it
has "not yet arrived at a secure
plan for [its! financial future,"
Barnes said.

But he added that the Press is
"very strong," and he said he has
"no doubt" that it will be able to
surmount its current obstacles.
Under Barnes' direction, the
Press has expanded its breadth
into more academic areas, such as
the social sciences and humanities
and has also tripled its output in
the last 10 years.
• Most University libraries will
not open until 1 p.m. from Aug. 17
until Aug. 28.
The morning closure will affect
Green Library, as well as the Art
and Architecture, Biology, Chem
istry and Chemical Engineering,
Earth Sciences, Education, Engi
neering, Math and Computer Sci
ence, Music and Physics libraries.
The closure will provide staff
members with time to bar-code li
brary material and move closer to
ward providing computerized cir
culation.
• After heading the Stanford
University Press for the last nine
years, Director Grant Barnes has
resigned and retired from the Uni
versity, effective Sept. 1.
"It's time for new leadership [at
the Press] to emerge," said the 60-
year-old Barnes.
Norris Pope, associate director
and editor in chief of the Press,
will become acting director while a
search is conducted for Barnes' re
placement.
Barnes leaves at a critical time
for the Press. "We've been through
a rough year," he said, citing the
University's budget-reduction pro
posal earlier this year to shut down
the financially ailing operation.
While the Press has survived, it
has "not yet arrived at a secure
plan for [its! financial future,"
Barnes said.

But he added that the Press is
"very strong," and he said he has
"no doubt" that it will be able to
surmount its current obstacles.
Under Barnes' direction, the
Press has expanded its breadth
into more academic areas, such as
the social sciences and humanities
and has also tripled its output in
the last 10 years.
• Most University libraries will
not open until 1 p.m. from Aug. 17
until Aug. 28.
The morning closure will affect
Green Library, as well as the Art
and Architecture, Biology, Chem
istry and Chemical Engineering,
Earth Sciences, Education, Engi
neering, Math and Computer Sci
ence, Music and Physics libraries.
The closure will provide staff
members with time to bar-code li
brary material and move closer to
ward providing computerized cir
culation.
• After heading the Stanford
University Press for the last nine
years, Director Grant Barnes has
resigned and retired from the Uni
versity, effective Sept. 1.
"It's time for new leadership [at
the Press] to emerge," said the 60-
year-old Barnes.
Norris Pope, associate director
and editor in chief of the Press,
will become acting director while a
search is conducted for Barnes' re
placement.
Barnes leaves at a critical time
for the Press. "We've been through
a rough year," he said, citing the
University's budget-reduction pro
posal earlier this year to shut down
the financially ailing operation.
While the Press has survived, it
has "not yet arrived at a secure
plan for [its! financial future,"
Barnes said.

But he added that the Press is
"very strong," and he said he has
"no doubt" that it will be able to
surmount its current obstacles.
Under Barnes' direction, the
Press has expanded its breadth
into more academic areas, such as
the social sciences and humanities
and has also tripled its output in
the last 10 years.
• Most University libraries will
not open until 1 p.m. from Aug. 17
until Aug. 28.
The morning closure will affect
Green Library, as well as the Art
and Architecture, Biology, Chem
istry and Chemical Engineering,
Earth Sciences, Education, Engi
neering, Math and Computer Sci
ence, Music and Physics libraries.
The closure will provide staff
members with time to bar-code li
brary material and move closer to
ward providing computerized cir
culation.
• After heading the Stanford
University Press for the last nine
years, Director Grant Barnes has
resigned and retired from the Uni
versity, effective Sept. 1.
"It's time for new leadership [at
the Press] to emerge," said the 60-
year-old Barnes.
Norris Pope, associate director
and editor in chief of the Press,
will become acting director while a
search is conducted for Barnes' re
placement.
Barnes leaves at a critical time
for the Press. "We've been through
a rough year," he said, citing the
University's budget-reduction pro
posal earlier this year to shut down
the financially ailing operation.
While the Press has survived, it
has "not yet arrived at a secure
plan for [its! financial future,"
Barnes said.

But he added that the Press is
"very strong," and he said he has
"no doubt" that it will be able to
surmount its current obstacles.
Under Barnes' direction, the
Press has expanded its breadth
into more academic areas, such as
the social sciences and humanities
and has also tripled its output in
the last 10 years.
• Most University libraries will
not open until 1 p.m. from Aug. 17
until Aug. 28.
The morning closure will affect
Green Library, as well as the Art
and Architecture, Biology, Chem
istry and Chemical Engineering,
Earth Sciences, Education, Engi
neering, Math and Computer Sci
ence, Music and Physics libraries.
The closure will provide staff
members with time to bar-code li
brary material and move closer to
ward providing computerized cir
culation.
• After heading the Stanford
University Press for the last nine
years, Director Grant Barnes has
resigned and retired from the Uni
versity, effective Sept. 1.
"It's time for new leadership [at
the Press] to emerge," said the 60-
year-old Barnes.
Norris Pope, associate director
and editor in chief of the Press,
will become acting director while a
search is conducted for Barnes' re
placement.
Barnes leaves at a critical time
for the Press. "We've been through
a rough year," he said, citing the
University's budget-reduction pro
posal earlier this year to shut down
the financially ailing operation.
While the Press has survived, it
has "not yet arrived at a secure
plan for [its! financial future,"
Barnes said.

But he added that the Press is
"very strong," and he said he has
"no doubt" that it will be able to
surmount its current obstacles.
Under Barnes' direction, the
Press has expanded its breadth
into more academic areas, such as
the social sciences and humanities
and has also tripled its output in
the last 10 years.
• Most University libraries will
not open until 1 p.m. from Aug. 17
until Aug. 28.
The morning closure will affect
Green Library, as well as the Art
and Architecture, Biology, Chem
istry and Chemical Engineering,
Earth Sciences, Education, Engi
neering, Math and Computer Sci
ence, Music and Physics libraries.
The closure will provide staff
members with time to bar-code li
brary material and move closer to
ward providing computerized cir
culation.
• After heading the Stanford
University Press for the last nine
years, Director Grant Barnes has
resigned and retired from the Uni
versity, effective Sept. 1.
"It's time for new leadership [at
the Press] to emerge," said the 60-
year-old Barnes.
Norris Pope, associate director
and editor in chief of the Press,
will become acting director while a
search is conducted for Barnes' re
placement.
Barnes leaves at a critical time
for the Press. "We've been through
a rough year," he said, citing the
University's budget-reduction pro
posal earlier this year to shut down
the financially ailing operation.
While the Press has survived, it
has "not yet arrived at a secure
plan for [its! financial future,"
Barnes said.

But he added that the Press is
"very strong," and he said he has
"no doubt" that it will be able to
surmount its current obstacles.
Under Barnes' direction, the
Press has expanded its breadth
into more academic areas, such as
the social sciences and humanities
and has also tripled its output in
the last 10 years.
• Most University libraries will
not open until 1 p.m. from Aug. 17
until Aug. 28.
The morning closure will affect
Green Library, as well as the Art
and Architecture, Biology, Chem
istry and Chemical Engineering,
Earth Sciences, Education, Engi
neering, Math and Computer Sci
ence, Music and Physics libraries.
The closure will provide staff
members with time to bar-code li
brary material and move closer to
ward providing computerized cir
culation.
• After heading the Stanford
University Press for the last nine
years, Director Grant Barnes has
resigned and retired from the Uni
versity, effective Sept. 1.
"It's time for new leadership [at
the Press] to emerge," said the 60-
year-old Barnes.
Norris Pope, associate director
and editor in chief of the Press,
will become acting director while a
search is conducted for Barnes' re
placement.
Barnes leaves at a critical time
for the Press. "We've been through
a rough year," he said, citing the
University's budget-reduction pro
posal earlier this year to shut down
the financially ailing operation.
While the Press has survived, it
has "not yet arrived at a secure
plan for [its! financial future,"
Barnes said.

But he added that the Press is
"very strong," and he said he has
"no doubt" that it will be able to
surmount its current obstacles.
Under Barnes' direction, the
Press has expanded its breadth
into more academic areas, such as
the social sciences and humanities
and has also tripled its output in
the last 10 years.
• Most University libraries will
not open until 1 p.m. from Aug. 17
until Aug. 28.
The morning closure will affect
Green Library, as well as the Art
and Architecture, Biology, Chem
istry and Chemical Engineering,
Earth Sciences, Education, Engi
neering, Math and Computer Sci
ence, Music and Physics libraries.
The closure will provide staff
members with time to bar-code li
brary material and move closer to
ward providing computerized cir
culation.
