# Untitled Article
## 
### 
BASEBALL RESULTS
NATIONAL LEAGUE
New York 12, Cincinnati 4 (first
game)
Cincinnati 9, New York 5 (second
game)
.Milwaukee 9, Brooklyn 4
Philadelphia X. Chicago 1
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Detroit 10, New York S

Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
BASEBALL RESULTS
NATIONAL LEAGUE
New York 12, Cincinnati 4 (first
game)
Cincinnati 9, New York 5 (second
game)
.Milwaukee 9, Brooklyn 4
Philadelphia X. Chicago 1
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Detroit 10, New York S

Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
BASEBALL RESULTS
NATIONAL LEAGUE
New York 12, Cincinnati 4 (first
game)
Cincinnati 9, New York 5 (second
game)
.Milwaukee 9, Brooklyn 4
Philadelphia X. Chicago 1
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Detroit 10, New York S

Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
BASEBALL RESULTS
NATIONAL LEAGUE
New York 12, Cincinnati 4 (first
game)
Cincinnati 9, New York 5 (second
game)
.Milwaukee 9, Brooklyn 4
Philadelphia X. Chicago 1
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Detroit 10, New York S

Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
BASEBALL RESULTS
NATIONAL LEAGUE
New York 12, Cincinnati 4 (first
game)
Cincinnati 9, New York 5 (second
game)
.Milwaukee 9, Brooklyn 4
Philadelphia X. Chicago 1
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Detroit 10, New York S

Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
BASEBALL RESULTS
NATIONAL LEAGUE
New York 12, Cincinnati 4 (first
game)
Cincinnati 9, New York 5 (second
game)
.Milwaukee 9, Brooklyn 4
Philadelphia X. Chicago 1
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Detroit 10, New York S

Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
BASEBALL RESULTS
NATIONAL LEAGUE
New York 12, Cincinnati 4 (first
game)
Cincinnati 9, New York 5 (second
game)
.Milwaukee 9, Brooklyn 4
Philadelphia X. Chicago 1
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Detroit 10, New York S

Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
BASEBALL RESULTS
NATIONAL LEAGUE
New York 12, Cincinnati 4 (first
game)
Cincinnati 9, New York 5 (second
game)
.Milwaukee 9, Brooklyn 4
Philadelphia X. Chicago 1
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Detroit 10, New York S

Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
BASEBALL RESULTS
NATIONAL LEAGUE
New York 12, Cincinnati 4 (first
game)
Cincinnati 9, New York 5 (second
game)
.Milwaukee 9, Brooklyn 4
Philadelphia X. Chicago 1
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Detroit 10, New York S

Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
BASEBALL RESULTS
NATIONAL LEAGUE
New York 12, Cincinnati 4 (first
game)
Cincinnati 9, New York 5 (second
game)
.Milwaukee 9, Brooklyn 4
Philadelphia X. Chicago 1
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Detroit 10, New York S

Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
BASEBALL RESULTS
NATIONAL LEAGUE
New York 12, Cincinnati 4 (first
game)
Cincinnati 9, New York 5 (second
game)
.Milwaukee 9, Brooklyn 4
Philadelphia X. Chicago 1
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Detroit 10, New York S

Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
BASEBALL RESULTS
NATIONAL LEAGUE
New York 12, Cincinnati 4 (first
game)
Cincinnati 9, New York 5 (second
game)
.Milwaukee 9, Brooklyn 4
Philadelphia X. Chicago 1
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Detroit 10, New York S

Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
BASEBALL RESULTS
NATIONAL LEAGUE
New York 12, Cincinnati 4 (first
game)
Cincinnati 9, New York 5 (second
game)
.Milwaukee 9, Brooklyn 4
Philadelphia X. Chicago 1
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Detroit 10, New York S

Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
