# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tomorrow afternoon the final
championship game of the post season
rugby series will be played upon
Stanford Field, but in addition to this
fact, it must be remembered that the
contest will also assume the character
of a benefit for an injured rugby
player. Sufficient inducements have
been offered by those in charge to
secure a successful afternoon and the
work that has been accomplished by
this group of students is worthy of
strong support upon the part of those
who are interested in the sport and
who desire to assist in this movement.
If the sentiment that has informally
been volunteered by members of the
Student 15ody is substantially sup
ported tomorrow afternoon, the re
ceipts for the game sould bo large.
The sum asked is but nominal and the
mere fact that the player might he
unknown to a student should not keep
him from showing his sympathy and
appreciation of the movement.
Tomorrow afternoon the final
championship game of the post season
rugby series will be played upon
Stanford Field, but in addition to this
fact, it must be remembered that the
contest will also assume the character
of a benefit for an injured rugby
player. Sufficient inducements have
been offered by those in charge to
secure a successful afternoon and the
work that has been accomplished by
this group of students is worthy of
strong support upon the part of those
who are interested in the sport and
who desire to assist in this movement.
If the sentiment that has informally
been volunteered by members of the
Student 15ody is substantially sup
ported tomorrow afternoon, the re
ceipts for the game sould bo large.
The sum asked is but nominal and the
mere fact that the player might he
unknown to a student should not keep
him from showing his sympathy and
appreciation of the movement.
Tomorrow afternoon the final
championship game of the post season
rugby series will be played upon
Stanford Field, but in addition to this
fact, it must be remembered that the
contest will also assume the character
of a benefit for an injured rugby
player. Sufficient inducements have
been offered by those in charge to
secure a successful afternoon and the
work that has been accomplished by
this group of students is worthy of
strong support upon the part of those
who are interested in the sport and
who desire to assist in this movement.
If the sentiment that has informally
been volunteered by members of the
Student 15ody is substantially sup
ported tomorrow afternoon, the re
ceipts for the game sould bo large.
The sum asked is but nominal and the
mere fact that the player might he
unknown to a student should not keep
him from showing his sympathy and
appreciation of the movement.
Tomorrow afternoon the final
championship game of the post season
rugby series will be played upon
Stanford Field, but in addition to this
fact, it must be remembered that the
contest will also assume the character
of a benefit for an injured rugby
player. Sufficient inducements have
been offered by those in charge to
secure a successful afternoon and the
work that has been accomplished by
this group of students is worthy of
strong support upon the part of those
who are interested in the sport and
who desire to assist in this movement.
If the sentiment that has informally
been volunteered by members of the
Student 15ody is substantially sup
ported tomorrow afternoon, the re
ceipts for the game sould bo large.
The sum asked is but nominal and the
mere fact that the player might he
unknown to a student should not keep
him from showing his sympathy and
appreciation of the movement.
Tomorrow afternoon the final
championship game of the post season
rugby series will be played upon
Stanford Field, but in addition to this
fact, it must be remembered that the
contest will also assume the character
of a benefit for an injured rugby
player. Sufficient inducements have
been offered by those in charge to
secure a successful afternoon and the
work that has been accomplished by
this group of students is worthy of
strong support upon the part of those
who are interested in the sport and
who desire to assist in this movement.
If the sentiment that has informally
been volunteered by members of the
Student 15ody is substantially sup
ported tomorrow afternoon, the re
ceipts for the game sould bo large.
The sum asked is but nominal and the
mere fact that the player might he
unknown to a student should not keep
him from showing his sympathy and
appreciation of the movement.
Tomorrow afternoon the final
championship game of the post season
rugby series will be played upon
Stanford Field, but in addition to this
fact, it must be remembered that the
contest will also assume the character
of a benefit for an injured rugby
player. Sufficient inducements have
been offered by those in charge to
secure a successful afternoon and the
work that has been accomplished by
this group of students is worthy of
strong support upon the part of those
who are interested in the sport and
who desire to assist in this movement.
If the sentiment that has informally
been volunteered by members of the
Student 15ody is substantially sup
ported tomorrow afternoon, the re
ceipts for the game sould bo large.
The sum asked is but nominal and the
mere fact that the player might he
unknown to a student should not keep
him from showing his sympathy and
appreciation of the movement.
Tomorrow afternoon the final
championship game of the post season
rugby series will be played upon
Stanford Field, but in addition to this
fact, it must be remembered that the
contest will also assume the character
of a benefit for an injured rugby
player. Sufficient inducements have
been offered by those in charge to
secure a successful afternoon and the
work that has been accomplished by
this group of students is worthy of
strong support upon the part of those
who are interested in the sport and
who desire to assist in this movement.
If the sentiment that has informally
been volunteered by members of the
Student 15ody is substantially sup
ported tomorrow afternoon, the re
ceipts for the game sould bo large.
The sum asked is but nominal and the
mere fact that the player might he
unknown to a student should not keep
him from showing his sympathy and
appreciation of the movement.
Tomorrow afternoon the final
championship game of the post season
rugby series will be played upon
Stanford Field, but in addition to this
fact, it must be remembered that the
contest will also assume the character
of a benefit for an injured rugby
player. Sufficient inducements have
been offered by those in charge to
secure a successful afternoon and the
work that has been accomplished by
this group of students is worthy of
strong support upon the part of those
who are interested in the sport and
who desire to assist in this movement.
If the sentiment that has informally
been volunteered by members of the
Student 15ody is substantially sup
ported tomorrow afternoon, the re
ceipts for the game sould bo large.
The sum asked is but nominal and the
mere fact that the player might he
unknown to a student should not keep
him from showing his sympathy and
appreciation of the movement.
Tomorrow afternoon the final
championship game of the post season
rugby series will be played upon
Stanford Field, but in addition to this
fact, it must be remembered that the
contest will also assume the character
of a benefit for an injured rugby
player. Sufficient inducements have
been offered by those in charge to
secure a successful afternoon and the
work that has been accomplished by
this group of students is worthy of
strong support upon the part of those
who are interested in the sport and
who desire to assist in this movement.
If the sentiment that has informally
been volunteered by members of the
Student 15ody is substantially sup
ported tomorrow afternoon, the re
ceipts for the game sould bo large.
The sum asked is but nominal and the
mere fact that the player might he
unknown to a student should not keep
him from showing his sympathy and
appreciation of the movement.
Tomorrow afternoon the final
championship game of the post season
rugby series will be played upon
Stanford Field, but in addition to this
fact, it must be remembered that the
contest will also assume the character
of a benefit for an injured rugby
player. Sufficient inducements have
been offered by those in charge to
secure a successful afternoon and the
work that has been accomplished by
this group of students is worthy of
strong support upon the part of those
who are interested in the sport and
who desire to assist in this movement.
If the sentiment that has informally
been volunteered by members of the
Student 15ody is substantially sup
ported tomorrow afternoon, the re
ceipts for the game sould bo large.
The sum asked is but nominal and the
mere fact that the player might he
unknown to a student should not keep
him from showing his sympathy and
appreciation of the movement.
Tomorrow afternoon the final
championship game of the post season
rugby series will be played upon
Stanford Field, but in addition to this
fact, it must be remembered that the
contest will also assume the character
of a benefit for an injured rugby
player. Sufficient inducements have
been offered by those in charge to
secure a successful afternoon and the
work that has been accomplished by
this group of students is worthy of
strong support upon the part of those
who are interested in the sport and
who desire to assist in this movement.
If the sentiment that has informally
been volunteered by members of the
Student 15ody is substantially sup
ported tomorrow afternoon, the re
ceipts for the game sould bo large.
The sum asked is but nominal and the
mere fact that the player might he
unknown to a student should not keep
him from showing his sympathy and
appreciation of the movement.
