# Argabrite Elected to E. E. Society.
## 
### 
J. J. Argabrite, '12, was elected a
member of the Stanford branch of the
American Institute of Electrical Engi
neers at its meeting held yesterday
evening at the Sigma Nu house. The
memebers were entertained with a

very interesting discussion by L. C.
Nimmo, '10, of a large power plant
recently installed at Redondo Beach.
J. J. Argabrite, '12, was elected a
member of the Stanford branch of the
American Institute of Electrical Engi
neers at its meeting held yesterday
evening at the Sigma Nu house. The
memebers were entertained with a

very interesting discussion by L. C.
Nimmo, '10, of a large power plant
recently installed at Redondo Beach.
J. J. Argabrite, '12, was elected a
member of the Stanford branch of the
American Institute of Electrical Engi
neers at its meeting held yesterday
evening at the Sigma Nu house. The
memebers were entertained with a

very interesting discussion by L. C.
Nimmo, '10, of a large power plant
recently installed at Redondo Beach.
J. J. Argabrite, '12, was elected a
member of the Stanford branch of the
American Institute of Electrical Engi
neers at its meeting held yesterday
evening at the Sigma Nu house. The
memebers were entertained with a

very interesting discussion by L. C.
Nimmo, '10, of a large power plant
recently installed at Redondo Beach.
J. J. Argabrite, '12, was elected a
member of the Stanford branch of the
American Institute of Electrical Engi
neers at its meeting held yesterday
evening at the Sigma Nu house. The
memebers were entertained with a

very interesting discussion by L. C.
Nimmo, '10, of a large power plant
recently installed at Redondo Beach.
J. J. Argabrite, '12, was elected a
member of the Stanford branch of the
American Institute of Electrical Engi
neers at its meeting held yesterday
evening at the Sigma Nu house. The
memebers were entertained with a

very interesting discussion by L. C.
Nimmo, '10, of a large power plant
recently installed at Redondo Beach.
J. J. Argabrite, '12, was elected a
member of the Stanford branch of the
American Institute of Electrical Engi
neers at its meeting held yesterday
evening at the Sigma Nu house. The
memebers were entertained with a

very interesting discussion by L. C.
Nimmo, '10, of a large power plant
recently installed at Redondo Beach.
J. J. Argabrite, '12, was elected a
member of the Stanford branch of the
American Institute of Electrical Engi
neers at its meeting held yesterday
evening at the Sigma Nu house. The
memebers were entertained with a

very interesting discussion by L. C.
Nimmo, '10, of a large power plant
recently installed at Redondo Beach.
J. J. Argabrite, '12, was elected a
member of the Stanford branch of the
American Institute of Electrical Engi
neers at its meeting held yesterday
evening at the Sigma Nu house. The
memebers were entertained with a

very interesting discussion by L. C.
Nimmo, '10, of a large power plant
recently installed at Redondo Beach.
J. J. Argabrite, '12, was elected a
member of the Stanford branch of the
American Institute of Electrical Engi
neers at its meeting held yesterday
evening at the Sigma Nu house. The
memebers were entertained with a

very interesting discussion by L. C.
Nimmo, '10, of a large power plant
recently installed at Redondo Beach.
J. J. Argabrite, '12, was elected a
member of the Stanford branch of the
American Institute of Electrical Engi
neers at its meeting held yesterday
evening at the Sigma Nu house. The
memebers were entertained with a

very interesting discussion by L. C.
Nimmo, '10, of a large power plant
recently installed at Redondo Beach.
