# DEEGEE ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Joan King, 39, to John
Park, '38.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Joan King, 39, to John
Park, '38.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Joan King, 39, to John
Park, '38.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Joan King, 39, to John
Park, '38.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Joan King, 39, to John
Park, '38.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Joan King, 39, to John
Park, '38.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Joan King, 39, to John
Park, '38.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Joan King, 39, to John
Park, '38.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Joan King, 39, to John
Park, '38.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Joan King, 39, to John
Park, '38.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Joan King, 39, to John
Park, '38.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Joan King, 39, to John
Park, '38.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Joan King, 39, to John
Park, '38.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Joan King, 39, to John
Park, '38.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Joan King, 39, to John
Park, '38.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Joan King, 39, to John
Park, '38.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Joan King, 39, to John
Park, '38.
