# Mr. Lathrop Speaks of His Offer.
## 
### 
When seen after the Assembly
Mr. Lathrop repeated his boating
offer in these words: —"I will give
$250 to start the subscription pro
vided the students can get enough
money and will carry out in a bus
iness way the proposition of estab
lishing rowing." Mr. Lathrop
realizes the expense of the under
taking, but thinks rowing here feas
ible, and looks upon the foundation
of a boating association favorably.
When seen after the Assembly
Mr. Lathrop repeated his boating
offer in these words: —"I will give
$250 to start the subscription pro
vided the students can get enough
money and will carry out in a bus
iness way the proposition of estab
lishing rowing." Mr. Lathrop
realizes the expense of the under
taking, but thinks rowing here feas
ible, and looks upon the foundation
of a boating association favorably.
When seen after the Assembly
Mr. Lathrop repeated his boating
offer in these words: —"I will give
$250 to start the subscription pro
vided the students can get enough
money and will carry out in a bus
iness way the proposition of estab
lishing rowing." Mr. Lathrop
realizes the expense of the under
taking, but thinks rowing here feas
ible, and looks upon the foundation
of a boating association favorably.
When seen after the Assembly
Mr. Lathrop repeated his boating
offer in these words: —"I will give
$250 to start the subscription pro
vided the students can get enough
money and will carry out in a bus
iness way the proposition of estab
lishing rowing." Mr. Lathrop
realizes the expense of the under
taking, but thinks rowing here feas
ible, and looks upon the foundation
of a boating association favorably.
When seen after the Assembly
Mr. Lathrop repeated his boating
offer in these words: —"I will give
$250 to start the subscription pro
vided the students can get enough
money and will carry out in a bus
iness way the proposition of estab
lishing rowing." Mr. Lathrop
realizes the expense of the under
taking, but thinks rowing here feas
ible, and looks upon the foundation
of a boating association favorably.
When seen after the Assembly
Mr. Lathrop repeated his boating
offer in these words: —"I will give
$250 to start the subscription pro
vided the students can get enough
money and will carry out in a bus
iness way the proposition of estab
lishing rowing." Mr. Lathrop
realizes the expense of the under
taking, but thinks rowing here feas
ible, and looks upon the foundation
of a boating association favorably.
When seen after the Assembly
Mr. Lathrop repeated his boating
offer in these words: —"I will give
$250 to start the subscription pro
vided the students can get enough
money and will carry out in a bus
iness way the proposition of estab
lishing rowing." Mr. Lathrop
realizes the expense of the under
taking, but thinks rowing here feas
ible, and looks upon the foundation
of a boating association favorably.
When seen after the Assembly
Mr. Lathrop repeated his boating
offer in these words: —"I will give
$250 to start the subscription pro
vided the students can get enough
money and will carry out in a bus
iness way the proposition of estab
lishing rowing." Mr. Lathrop
realizes the expense of the under
taking, but thinks rowing here feas
ible, and looks upon the foundation
of a boating association favorably.
