# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It's a fool
It's a fool who doesn't check
out the comprehensive Sun
Bowl coverage.
Sports, page 9

who plays
Those who play women's bas
ketball should watch out for
Stanford's best team ever.
Sports, page 9

it cool
Considering Ebonics to be a
legitimate language is cool,
Garry Grundy says.
Opinions, page 4

It's a fool
It's a fool who doesn't check
out the comprehensive Sun
Bowl coverage.
Sports, page 9

who plays
Those who play women's bas
ketball should watch out for
Stanford's best team ever.
Sports, page 9

it cool
Considering Ebonics to be a
legitimate language is cool,
Garry Grundy says.
Opinions, page 4

It's a fool
It's a fool who doesn't check
out the comprehensive Sun
Bowl coverage.
Sports, page 9

who plays
Those who play women's bas
ketball should watch out for
Stanford's best team ever.
Sports, page 9

it cool
Considering Ebonics to be a
legitimate language is cool,
Garry Grundy says.
Opinions, page 4

It's a fool
It's a fool who doesn't check
out the comprehensive Sun
Bowl coverage.
Sports, page 9

who plays
Those who play women's bas
ketball should watch out for
Stanford's best team ever.
Sports, page 9

it cool
Considering Ebonics to be a
legitimate language is cool,
Garry Grundy says.
Opinions, page 4

It's a fool
It's a fool who doesn't check
out the comprehensive Sun
Bowl coverage.
Sports, page 9

who plays
Those who play women's bas
ketball should watch out for
Stanford's best team ever.
Sports, page 9

it cool
Considering Ebonics to be a
legitimate language is cool,
Garry Grundy says.
Opinions, page 4

