# Accident on Circle Causes Death.
## 
### 
D. W. Park, a resident of Palo Alto
and the father of Miss H. Park, '10,
met with an accident last night in
front of the Zoology Buildings, which
ultimately caused his death. Park col
lided with L. TC. Grnwell, *10, while
riding toard Palo Alto, rendering both
the victims unconscious. Gruwell re
covered consciousness some time later,
while Park died without regaining his
senses.
D. W. Park, a resident of Palo Alto
and the father of Miss H. Park, '10,
met with an accident last night in
front of the Zoology Buildings, which
ultimately caused his death. Park col
lided with L. TC. Grnwell, *10, while
riding toard Palo Alto, rendering both
the victims unconscious. Gruwell re
covered consciousness some time later,
while Park died without regaining his
senses.
D. W. Park, a resident of Palo Alto
and the father of Miss H. Park, '10,
met with an accident last night in
front of the Zoology Buildings, which
ultimately caused his death. Park col
lided with L. TC. Grnwell, *10, while
riding toard Palo Alto, rendering both
the victims unconscious. Gruwell re
covered consciousness some time later,
while Park died without regaining his
senses.
D. W. Park, a resident of Palo Alto
and the father of Miss H. Park, '10,
met with an accident last night in
front of the Zoology Buildings, which
ultimately caused his death. Park col
lided with L. TC. Grnwell, *10, while
riding toard Palo Alto, rendering both
the victims unconscious. Gruwell re
covered consciousness some time later,
while Park died without regaining his
senses.
D. W. Park, a resident of Palo Alto
and the father of Miss H. Park, '10,
met with an accident last night in
front of the Zoology Buildings, which
ultimately caused his death. Park col
lided with L. TC. Grnwell, *10, while
riding toard Palo Alto, rendering both
the victims unconscious. Gruwell re
covered consciousness some time later,
while Park died without regaining his
senses.
D. W. Park, a resident of Palo Alto
and the father of Miss H. Park, '10,
met with an accident last night in
front of the Zoology Buildings, which
ultimately caused his death. Park col
lided with L. TC. Grnwell, *10, while
riding toard Palo Alto, rendering both
the victims unconscious. Gruwell re
covered consciousness some time later,
while Park died without regaining his
senses.
D. W. Park, a resident of Palo Alto
and the father of Miss H. Park, '10,
met with an accident last night in
front of the Zoology Buildings, which
ultimately caused his death. Park col
lided with L. TC. Grnwell, *10, while
riding toard Palo Alto, rendering both
the victims unconscious. Gruwell re
covered consciousness some time later,
while Park died without regaining his
senses.
D. W. Park, a resident of Palo Alto
and the father of Miss H. Park, '10,
met with an accident last night in
front of the Zoology Buildings, which
ultimately caused his death. Park col
lided with L. TC. Grnwell, *10, while
riding toard Palo Alto, rendering both
the victims unconscious. Gruwell re
covered consciousness some time later,
while Park died without regaining his
senses.
D. W. Park, a resident of Palo Alto
and the father of Miss H. Park, '10,
met with an accident last night in
front of the Zoology Buildings, which
ultimately caused his death. Park col
lided with L. TC. Grnwell, *10, while
riding toard Palo Alto, rendering both
the victims unconscious. Gruwell re
covered consciousness some time later,
while Park died without regaining his
senses.
D. W. Park, a resident of Palo Alto
and the father of Miss H. Park, '10,
met with an accident last night in
front of the Zoology Buildings, which
ultimately caused his death. Park col
lided with L. TC. Grnwell, *10, while
riding toard Palo Alto, rendering both
the victims unconscious. Gruwell re
covered consciousness some time later,
while Park died without regaining his
senses.
