# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Lost—May 1, large straight stemmed
meerschaum pipe. Reward if returned
to Larkin's.
Lost—May 1, large straight stemmed
meerschaum pipe. Reward if returned
to Larkin's.
Lost—May 1, large straight stemmed
meerschaum pipe. Reward if returned
to Larkin's.
Lost—May 1, large straight stemmed
meerschaum pipe. Reward if returned
to Larkin's.
Lost—May 1, large straight stemmed
meerschaum pipe. Reward if returned
to Larkin's.
Lost—May 1, large straight stemmed
meerschaum pipe. Reward if returned
to Larkin's.
Lost—May 1, large straight stemmed
meerschaum pipe. Reward if returned
to Larkin's.
Lost—May 1, large straight stemmed
meerschaum pipe. Reward if returned
to Larkin's.
Lost—May 1, large straight stemmed
meerschaum pipe. Reward if returned
to Larkin's.
Lost—May 1, large straight stemmed
meerschaum pipe. Reward if returned
to Larkin's.
