# Row, Off-campus Dance Is Feb. 26
## 
### 
Residents of Row houses and off
campus men and women will hold
their annual semi-formal dance Feb.
2(5 from 9 to I in the Empire Room
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in
San Francisco. Music will be fur
nished by Dick Crest and his or
chestra.
Chairmen for the dance arc Betty
Herr and Joan Rydman; committee
chairmen are Joan Andreas, deco
rations; Annabelle Horchitz, pa
trons and invitations; Jan Clark,
corsages; Mary Alice Hood, police;
Jeanne Hazlitt, tickets; and Carol
Straus, publicity.
Residents of Row houses and off
campus men and women will hold
their annual semi-formal dance Feb.
2(5 from 9 to I in the Empire Room
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in
San Francisco. Music will be fur
nished by Dick Crest and his or
chestra.
Chairmen for the dance arc Betty
Herr and Joan Rydman; committee
chairmen are Joan Andreas, deco
rations; Annabelle Horchitz, pa
trons and invitations; Jan Clark,
corsages; Mary Alice Hood, police;
Jeanne Hazlitt, tickets; and Carol
Straus, publicity.
Residents of Row houses and off
campus men and women will hold
their annual semi-formal dance Feb.
2(5 from 9 to I in the Empire Room
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in
San Francisco. Music will be fur
nished by Dick Crest and his or
chestra.
Chairmen for the dance arc Betty
Herr and Joan Rydman; committee
chairmen are Joan Andreas, deco
rations; Annabelle Horchitz, pa
trons and invitations; Jan Clark,
corsages; Mary Alice Hood, police;
Jeanne Hazlitt, tickets; and Carol
Straus, publicity.
Residents of Row houses and off
campus men and women will hold
their annual semi-formal dance Feb.
2(5 from 9 to I in the Empire Room
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in
San Francisco. Music will be fur
nished by Dick Crest and his or
chestra.
Chairmen for the dance arc Betty
Herr and Joan Rydman; committee
chairmen are Joan Andreas, deco
rations; Annabelle Horchitz, pa
trons and invitations; Jan Clark,
corsages; Mary Alice Hood, police;
Jeanne Hazlitt, tickets; and Carol
Straus, publicity.
Residents of Row houses and off
campus men and women will hold
their annual semi-formal dance Feb.
2(5 from 9 to I in the Empire Room
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in
San Francisco. Music will be fur
nished by Dick Crest and his or
chestra.
Chairmen for the dance arc Betty
Herr and Joan Rydman; committee
chairmen are Joan Andreas, deco
rations; Annabelle Horchitz, pa
trons and invitations; Jan Clark,
corsages; Mary Alice Hood, police;
Jeanne Hazlitt, tickets; and Carol
Straus, publicity.
Residents of Row houses and off
campus men and women will hold
their annual semi-formal dance Feb.
2(5 from 9 to I in the Empire Room
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in
San Francisco. Music will be fur
nished by Dick Crest and his or
chestra.
Chairmen for the dance arc Betty
Herr and Joan Rydman; committee
chairmen are Joan Andreas, deco
rations; Annabelle Horchitz, pa
trons and invitations; Jan Clark,
corsages; Mary Alice Hood, police;
Jeanne Hazlitt, tickets; and Carol
Straus, publicity.
Residents of Row houses and off
campus men and women will hold
their annual semi-formal dance Feb.
2(5 from 9 to I in the Empire Room
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in
San Francisco. Music will be fur
nished by Dick Crest and his or
chestra.
Chairmen for the dance arc Betty
Herr and Joan Rydman; committee
chairmen are Joan Andreas, deco
rations; Annabelle Horchitz, pa
trons and invitations; Jan Clark,
corsages; Mary Alice Hood, police;
Jeanne Hazlitt, tickets; and Carol
Straus, publicity.
Residents of Row houses and off
campus men and women will hold
their annual semi-formal dance Feb.
2(5 from 9 to I in the Empire Room
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in
San Francisco. Music will be fur
nished by Dick Crest and his or
chestra.
Chairmen for the dance arc Betty
Herr and Joan Rydman; committee
chairmen are Joan Andreas, deco
rations; Annabelle Horchitz, pa
trons and invitations; Jan Clark,
corsages; Mary Alice Hood, police;
Jeanne Hazlitt, tickets; and Carol
Straus, publicity.
Residents of Row houses and off
campus men and women will hold
their annual semi-formal dance Feb.
2(5 from 9 to I in the Empire Room
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in
San Francisco. Music will be fur
nished by Dick Crest and his or
chestra.
Chairmen for the dance arc Betty
Herr and Joan Rydman; committee
chairmen are Joan Andreas, deco
rations; Annabelle Horchitz, pa
trons and invitations; Jan Clark,
corsages; Mary Alice Hood, police;
Jeanne Hazlitt, tickets; and Carol
Straus, publicity.
Residents of Row houses and off
campus men and women will hold
their annual semi-formal dance Feb.
2(5 from 9 to I in the Empire Room
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in
San Francisco. Music will be fur
nished by Dick Crest and his or
chestra.
Chairmen for the dance arc Betty
Herr and Joan Rydman; committee
chairmen are Joan Andreas, deco
rations; Annabelle Horchitz, pa
trons and invitations; Jan Clark,
corsages; Mary Alice Hood, police;
Jeanne Hazlitt, tickets; and Carol
Straus, publicity.
Residents of Row houses and off
campus men and women will hold
their annual semi-formal dance Feb.
2(5 from 9 to I in the Empire Room
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in
San Francisco. Music will be fur
nished by Dick Crest and his or
chestra.
Chairmen for the dance arc Betty
Herr and Joan Rydman; committee
chairmen are Joan Andreas, deco
rations; Annabelle Horchitz, pa
trons and invitations; Jan Clark,
corsages; Mary Alice Hood, police;
Jeanne Hazlitt, tickets; and Carol
Straus, publicity.
Residents of Row houses and off
campus men and women will hold
their annual semi-formal dance Feb.
2(5 from 9 to I in the Empire Room
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in
San Francisco. Music will be fur
nished by Dick Crest and his or
chestra.
Chairmen for the dance arc Betty
Herr and Joan Rydman; committee
chairmen are Joan Andreas, deco
rations; Annabelle Horchitz, pa
trons and invitations; Jan Clark,
corsages; Mary Alice Hood, police;
Jeanne Hazlitt, tickets; and Carol
Straus, publicity.
Residents of Row houses and off
campus men and women will hold
their annual semi-formal dance Feb.
2(5 from 9 to I in the Empire Room
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in
San Francisco. Music will be fur
nished by Dick Crest and his or
chestra.
Chairmen for the dance arc Betty
Herr and Joan Rydman; committee
chairmen are Joan Andreas, deco
rations; Annabelle Horchitz, pa
trons and invitations; Jan Clark,
corsages; Mary Alice Hood, police;
Jeanne Hazlitt, tickets; and Carol
Straus, publicity.
Residents of Row houses and off
campus men and women will hold
their annual semi-formal dance Feb.
2(5 from 9 to I in the Empire Room
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in
San Francisco. Music will be fur
nished by Dick Crest and his or
chestra.
Chairmen for the dance arc Betty
Herr and Joan Rydman; committee
chairmen are Joan Andreas, deco
rations; Annabelle Horchitz, pa
trons and invitations; Jan Clark,
corsages; Mary Alice Hood, police;
Jeanne Hazlitt, tickets; and Carol
Straus, publicity.
