# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is ;» p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is ;» p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is ;» p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is ;» p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is ;» p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is ;» p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is ;» p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is ;» p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is ;» p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is ;» p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is ;» p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is ;» p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is ;» p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is ;» p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is ;» p.m. of the day
before publication.
