# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
special
purchase!
pencil-slim
SKIRTS
the season's
favorite style,
in pure wool
tweeds
and worsteds
not 14.95, not 12.95
but a mere
990
• Perfectly-fitting
made by a Cali
fornia maker noted
for fit.
••Seat-lined for last
ing enjoyment.
• Striking fabrics,
pure wool.
Tapestry tweeds,
pure wool.
Herringbone
worsteds.
• Beautiful sweater
blended, tweedy.
Colors-Charcoal,
greys, browns,
reds, golds,
greens.
• Sizes 8 to 16
• Every one worth
dollars more.
ON SALE THURSDAY
Beginning 9:30 a.m.
till 9 p.m.
While Quantities
Last
"You'll look prettier
in clothes from"
Lundin-
Mcßride
150 University at High
special
purchase!
pencil-slim
SKIRTS
the season's
favorite style,
in pure wool
tweeds
and worsteds
not 14.95, not 12.95
but a mere
990
• Perfectly-fitting
made by a Cali
fornia maker noted
for fit.
••Seat-lined for last
ing enjoyment.
• Striking fabrics,
pure wool.
Tapestry tweeds,
pure wool.
Herringbone
worsteds.
• Beautiful sweater
blended, tweedy.
Colors-Charcoal,
greys, browns,
reds, golds,
greens.
• Sizes 8 to 16
• Every one worth
dollars more.
ON SALE THURSDAY
Beginning 9:30 a.m.
till 9 p.m.
While Quantities
Last
"You'll look prettier
in clothes from"
Lundin-
Mcßride
150 University at High
special
purchase!
pencil-slim
SKIRTS
the season's
favorite style,
in pure wool
tweeds
and worsteds
not 14.95, not 12.95
but a mere
990
• Perfectly-fitting
made by a Cali
fornia maker noted
for fit.
••Seat-lined for last
ing enjoyment.
• Striking fabrics,
pure wool.
Tapestry tweeds,
pure wool.
Herringbone
worsteds.
• Beautiful sweater
blended, tweedy.
Colors-Charcoal,
greys, browns,
reds, golds,
greens.
• Sizes 8 to 16
• Every one worth
dollars more.
ON SALE THURSDAY
Beginning 9:30 a.m.
till 9 p.m.
While Quantities
Last
"You'll look prettier
in clothes from"
Lundin-
Mcßride
150 University at High
special
purchase!
pencil-slim
SKIRTS
the season's
favorite style,
in pure wool
tweeds
and worsteds
not 14.95, not 12.95
but a mere
990
• Perfectly-fitting
made by a Cali
fornia maker noted
for fit.
••Seat-lined for last
ing enjoyment.
• Striking fabrics,
pure wool.
Tapestry tweeds,
pure wool.
Herringbone
worsteds.
• Beautiful sweater
blended, tweedy.
Colors-Charcoal,
greys, browns,
reds, golds,
greens.
• Sizes 8 to 16
• Every one worth
dollars more.
ON SALE THURSDAY
Beginning 9:30 a.m.
till 9 p.m.
While Quantities
Last
"You'll look prettier
in clothes from"
Lundin-
Mcßride
150 University at High
special
purchase!
pencil-slim
SKIRTS
the season's
favorite style,
in pure wool
tweeds
and worsteds
not 14.95, not 12.95
but a mere
990
• Perfectly-fitting
made by a Cali
fornia maker noted
for fit.
••Seat-lined for last
ing enjoyment.
• Striking fabrics,
pure wool.
Tapestry tweeds,
pure wool.
Herringbone
worsteds.
• Beautiful sweater
blended, tweedy.
Colors-Charcoal,
greys, browns,
reds, golds,
greens.
• Sizes 8 to 16
• Every one worth
dollars more.
ON SALE THURSDAY
Beginning 9:30 a.m.
till 9 p.m.
While Quantities
Last
"You'll look prettier
in clothes from"
Lundin-
Mcßride
150 University at High
special
purchase!
pencil-slim
SKIRTS
the season's
favorite style,
in pure wool
tweeds
and worsteds
not 14.95, not 12.95
but a mere
990
• Perfectly-fitting
made by a Cali
fornia maker noted
for fit.
••Seat-lined for last
ing enjoyment.
• Striking fabrics,
pure wool.
Tapestry tweeds,
pure wool.
Herringbone
worsteds.
• Beautiful sweater
blended, tweedy.
Colors-Charcoal,
greys, browns,
reds, golds,
greens.
• Sizes 8 to 16
• Every one worth
dollars more.
ON SALE THURSDAY
Beginning 9:30 a.m.
till 9 p.m.
While Quantities
Last
"You'll look prettier
in clothes from"
Lundin-
Mcßride
150 University at High
special
purchase!
pencil-slim
SKIRTS
the season's
favorite style,
in pure wool
tweeds
and worsteds
not 14.95, not 12.95
but a mere
990
• Perfectly-fitting
made by a Cali
fornia maker noted
for fit.
••Seat-lined for last
ing enjoyment.
• Striking fabrics,
pure wool.
Tapestry tweeds,
pure wool.
Herringbone
worsteds.
• Beautiful sweater
blended, tweedy.
Colors-Charcoal,
greys, browns,
reds, golds,
greens.
• Sizes 8 to 16
• Every one worth
dollars more.
ON SALE THURSDAY
Beginning 9:30 a.m.
till 9 p.m.
While Quantities
Last
"You'll look prettier
in clothes from"
Lundin-
Mcßride
150 University at High
special
purchase!
pencil-slim
SKIRTS
the season's
favorite style,
in pure wool
tweeds
and worsteds
not 14.95, not 12.95
but a mere
990
• Perfectly-fitting
made by a Cali
fornia maker noted
for fit.
••Seat-lined for last
ing enjoyment.
• Striking fabrics,
pure wool.
Tapestry tweeds,
pure wool.
Herringbone
worsteds.
• Beautiful sweater
blended, tweedy.
Colors-Charcoal,
greys, browns,
reds, golds,
greens.
• Sizes 8 to 16
• Every one worth
dollars more.
ON SALE THURSDAY
Beginning 9:30 a.m.
till 9 p.m.
While Quantities
Last
"You'll look prettier
in clothes from"
Lundin-
Mcßride
150 University at High
special
purchase!
pencil-slim
SKIRTS
the season's
favorite style,
in pure wool
tweeds
and worsteds
not 14.95, not 12.95
but a mere
990
• Perfectly-fitting
made by a Cali
fornia maker noted
for fit.
••Seat-lined for last
ing enjoyment.
• Striking fabrics,
pure wool.
Tapestry tweeds,
pure wool.
Herringbone
worsteds.
• Beautiful sweater
blended, tweedy.
Colors-Charcoal,
greys, browns,
reds, golds,
greens.
• Sizes 8 to 16
• Every one worth
dollars more.
ON SALE THURSDAY
Beginning 9:30 a.m.
till 9 p.m.
While Quantities
Last
"You'll look prettier
in clothes from"
Lundin-
Mcßride
150 University at High
special
purchase!
pencil-slim
SKIRTS
the season's
favorite style,
in pure wool
tweeds
and worsteds
not 14.95, not 12.95
but a mere
990
• Perfectly-fitting
made by a Cali
fornia maker noted
for fit.
••Seat-lined for last
ing enjoyment.
• Striking fabrics,
pure wool.
Tapestry tweeds,
pure wool.
Herringbone
worsteds.
• Beautiful sweater
blended, tweedy.
Colors-Charcoal,
greys, browns,
reds, golds,
greens.
• Sizes 8 to 16
• Every one worth
dollars more.
ON SALE THURSDAY
Beginning 9:30 a.m.
till 9 p.m.
While Quantities
Last
"You'll look prettier
in clothes from"
Lundin-
Mcßride
150 University at High
special
purchase!
pencil-slim
SKIRTS
the season's
favorite style,
in pure wool
tweeds
and worsteds
not 14.95, not 12.95
but a mere
990
• Perfectly-fitting
made by a Cali
fornia maker noted
for fit.
••Seat-lined for last
ing enjoyment.
• Striking fabrics,
pure wool.
Tapestry tweeds,
pure wool.
Herringbone
worsteds.
• Beautiful sweater
blended, tweedy.
Colors-Charcoal,
greys, browns,
reds, golds,
greens.
• Sizes 8 to 16
• Every one worth
dollars more.
ON SALE THURSDAY
Beginning 9:30 a.m.
till 9 p.m.
While Quantities
Last
"You'll look prettier
in clothes from"
Lundin-
Mcßride
150 University at High
special
purchase!
pencil-slim
SKIRTS
the season's
favorite style,
in pure wool
tweeds
and worsteds
not 14.95, not 12.95
but a mere
990
• Perfectly-fitting
made by a Cali
fornia maker noted
for fit.
••Seat-lined for last
ing enjoyment.
• Striking fabrics,
pure wool.
Tapestry tweeds,
pure wool.
Herringbone
worsteds.
• Beautiful sweater
blended, tweedy.
Colors-Charcoal,
greys, browns,
reds, golds,
greens.
• Sizes 8 to 16
• Every one worth
dollars more.
ON SALE THURSDAY
Beginning 9:30 a.m.
till 9 p.m.
While Quantities
Last
"You'll look prettier
in clothes from"
Lundin-
Mcßride
150 University at High
special
purchase!
pencil-slim
SKIRTS
the season's
favorite style,
in pure wool
tweeds
and worsteds
not 14.95, not 12.95
but a mere
990
• Perfectly-fitting
made by a Cali
fornia maker noted
for fit.
••Seat-lined for last
ing enjoyment.
• Striking fabrics,
pure wool.
Tapestry tweeds,
pure wool.
Herringbone
worsteds.
• Beautiful sweater
blended, tweedy.
Colors-Charcoal,
greys, browns,
reds, golds,
greens.
• Sizes 8 to 16
• Every one worth
dollars more.
ON SALE THURSDAY
Beginning 9:30 a.m.
till 9 p.m.
While Quantities
Last
"You'll look prettier
in clothes from"
Lundin-
Mcßride
150 University at High
special
purchase!
pencil-slim
SKIRTS
the season's
favorite style,
in pure wool
tweeds
and worsteds
not 14.95, not 12.95
but a mere
990
• Perfectly-fitting
made by a Cali
fornia maker noted
for fit.
••Seat-lined for last
ing enjoyment.
• Striking fabrics,
pure wool.
Tapestry tweeds,
pure wool.
Herringbone
worsteds.
• Beautiful sweater
blended, tweedy.
Colors-Charcoal,
greys, browns,
reds, golds,
greens.
• Sizes 8 to 16
• Every one worth
dollars more.
ON SALE THURSDAY
Beginning 9:30 a.m.
till 9 p.m.
While Quantities
Last
"You'll look prettier
in clothes from"
Lundin-
Mcßride
150 University at High
special
purchase!
pencil-slim
SKIRTS
the season's
favorite style,
in pure wool
tweeds
and worsteds
not 14.95, not 12.95
but a mere
990
• Perfectly-fitting
made by a Cali
fornia maker noted
for fit.
••Seat-lined for last
ing enjoyment.
• Striking fabrics,
pure wool.
Tapestry tweeds,
pure wool.
Herringbone
worsteds.
• Beautiful sweater
blended, tweedy.
Colors-Charcoal,
greys, browns,
reds, golds,
greens.
• Sizes 8 to 16
• Every one worth
dollars more.
ON SALE THURSDAY
Beginning 9:30 a.m.
till 9 p.m.
While Quantities
Last
"You'll look prettier
in clothes from"
Lundin-
Mcßride
150 University at High
