# Football Ticket Sales Will Start Today at Pavilion
## 
### 
Student rooter tickets for the five
Stanford home football games, as
well as tickets for the contest with
USC on November 5 at Los Angeles,
are on sale today and tomorrow at
the ticket booths, at the basketball
pavilion.
Rooter tickets for the Ohio State
game this Saturday are $1; UCLA, |
Oct. 15, $1.75; San Jose State, Oct.
29, no charge, but tickets must be
secured in advance; USC. Nov. 5 at
Los Angeles, $1.75; University of
Oregon, Nov. 12, no charge, but tick
ets must be secured in advance:
University of California, the "Big
Game." Nov. 19, $2.
Student body cards must be pre
sented by the purchaser. Holders of
rooter tickets must present their
own student body card at all games.
Parents of students enrolled in
Stanford for the autumn quarter,
who are not eligible to apply in any
other classification for Big Game
tickets, are entitled to apply at the
Department of Athletics for two
seats for the contest.
Student rooter tickets for the five
Stanford home football games, as
well as tickets for the contest with
USC on November 5 at Los Angeles,
are on sale today and tomorrow at
the ticket booths, at the basketball
pavilion.
Rooter tickets for the Ohio State
game this Saturday are $1; UCLA, |
Oct. 15, $1.75; San Jose State, Oct.
29, no charge, but tickets must be
secured in advance; USC. Nov. 5 at
Los Angeles, $1.75; University of
Oregon, Nov. 12, no charge, but tick
ets must be secured in advance:
University of California, the "Big
Game." Nov. 19, $2.
Student body cards must be pre
sented by the purchaser. Holders of
rooter tickets must present their
own student body card at all games.
Parents of students enrolled in
Stanford for the autumn quarter,
who are not eligible to apply in any
other classification for Big Game
tickets, are entitled to apply at the
Department of Athletics for two
seats for the contest.
Student rooter tickets for the five
Stanford home football games, as
well as tickets for the contest with
USC on November 5 at Los Angeles,
are on sale today and tomorrow at
the ticket booths, at the basketball
pavilion.
Rooter tickets for the Ohio State
game this Saturday are $1; UCLA, |
Oct. 15, $1.75; San Jose State, Oct.
29, no charge, but tickets must be
secured in advance; USC. Nov. 5 at
Los Angeles, $1.75; University of
Oregon, Nov. 12, no charge, but tick
ets must be secured in advance:
University of California, the "Big
Game." Nov. 19, $2.
Student body cards must be pre
sented by the purchaser. Holders of
rooter tickets must present their
own student body card at all games.
Parents of students enrolled in
Stanford for the autumn quarter,
who are not eligible to apply in any
other classification for Big Game
tickets, are entitled to apply at the
Department of Athletics for two
seats for the contest.
Student rooter tickets for the five
Stanford home football games, as
well as tickets for the contest with
USC on November 5 at Los Angeles,
are on sale today and tomorrow at
the ticket booths, at the basketball
pavilion.
Rooter tickets for the Ohio State
game this Saturday are $1; UCLA, |
Oct. 15, $1.75; San Jose State, Oct.
29, no charge, but tickets must be
secured in advance; USC. Nov. 5 at
Los Angeles, $1.75; University of
Oregon, Nov. 12, no charge, but tick
ets must be secured in advance:
University of California, the "Big
Game." Nov. 19, $2.
Student body cards must be pre
sented by the purchaser. Holders of
rooter tickets must present their
own student body card at all games.
Parents of students enrolled in
Stanford for the autumn quarter,
who are not eligible to apply in any
other classification for Big Game
tickets, are entitled to apply at the
Department of Athletics for two
seats for the contest.
Student rooter tickets for the five
Stanford home football games, as
well as tickets for the contest with
USC on November 5 at Los Angeles,
are on sale today and tomorrow at
the ticket booths, at the basketball
pavilion.
Rooter tickets for the Ohio State
game this Saturday are $1; UCLA, |
Oct. 15, $1.75; San Jose State, Oct.
29, no charge, but tickets must be
secured in advance; USC. Nov. 5 at
Los Angeles, $1.75; University of
Oregon, Nov. 12, no charge, but tick
ets must be secured in advance:
University of California, the "Big
Game." Nov. 19, $2.
Student body cards must be pre
sented by the purchaser. Holders of
rooter tickets must present their
own student body card at all games.
Parents of students enrolled in
Stanford for the autumn quarter,
who are not eligible to apply in any
other classification for Big Game
tickets, are entitled to apply at the
Department of Athletics for two
seats for the contest.
Student rooter tickets for the five
Stanford home football games, as
well as tickets for the contest with
USC on November 5 at Los Angeles,
are on sale today and tomorrow at
the ticket booths, at the basketball
pavilion.
Rooter tickets for the Ohio State
game this Saturday are $1; UCLA, |
Oct. 15, $1.75; San Jose State, Oct.
29, no charge, but tickets must be
secured in advance; USC. Nov. 5 at
Los Angeles, $1.75; University of
Oregon, Nov. 12, no charge, but tick
ets must be secured in advance:
University of California, the "Big
Game." Nov. 19, $2.
Student body cards must be pre
sented by the purchaser. Holders of
rooter tickets must present their
own student body card at all games.
Parents of students enrolled in
Stanford for the autumn quarter,
who are not eligible to apply in any
other classification for Big Game
tickets, are entitled to apply at the
Department of Athletics for two
seats for the contest.
Student rooter tickets for the five
Stanford home football games, as
well as tickets for the contest with
USC on November 5 at Los Angeles,
are on sale today and tomorrow at
the ticket booths, at the basketball
pavilion.
Rooter tickets for the Ohio State
game this Saturday are $1; UCLA, |
Oct. 15, $1.75; San Jose State, Oct.
29, no charge, but tickets must be
secured in advance; USC. Nov. 5 at
Los Angeles, $1.75; University of
Oregon, Nov. 12, no charge, but tick
ets must be secured in advance:
University of California, the "Big
Game." Nov. 19, $2.
Student body cards must be pre
sented by the purchaser. Holders of
rooter tickets must present their
own student body card at all games.
Parents of students enrolled in
Stanford for the autumn quarter,
who are not eligible to apply in any
other classification for Big Game
tickets, are entitled to apply at the
Department of Athletics for two
seats for the contest.
Student rooter tickets for the five
Stanford home football games, as
well as tickets for the contest with
USC on November 5 at Los Angeles,
are on sale today and tomorrow at
the ticket booths, at the basketball
pavilion.
Rooter tickets for the Ohio State
game this Saturday are $1; UCLA, |
Oct. 15, $1.75; San Jose State, Oct.
29, no charge, but tickets must be
secured in advance; USC. Nov. 5 at
Los Angeles, $1.75; University of
Oregon, Nov. 12, no charge, but tick
ets must be secured in advance:
University of California, the "Big
Game." Nov. 19, $2.
Student body cards must be pre
sented by the purchaser. Holders of
rooter tickets must present their
own student body card at all games.
Parents of students enrolled in
Stanford for the autumn quarter,
who are not eligible to apply in any
other classification for Big Game
tickets, are entitled to apply at the
Department of Athletics for two
seats for the contest.
Student rooter tickets for the five
Stanford home football games, as
well as tickets for the contest with
USC on November 5 at Los Angeles,
are on sale today and tomorrow at
the ticket booths, at the basketball
pavilion.
Rooter tickets for the Ohio State
game this Saturday are $1; UCLA, |
Oct. 15, $1.75; San Jose State, Oct.
29, no charge, but tickets must be
secured in advance; USC. Nov. 5 at
Los Angeles, $1.75; University of
Oregon, Nov. 12, no charge, but tick
ets must be secured in advance:
University of California, the "Big
Game." Nov. 19, $2.
Student body cards must be pre
sented by the purchaser. Holders of
rooter tickets must present their
own student body card at all games.
Parents of students enrolled in
Stanford for the autumn quarter,
who are not eligible to apply in any
other classification for Big Game
tickets, are entitled to apply at the
Department of Athletics for two
seats for the contest.
Student rooter tickets for the five
Stanford home football games, as
well as tickets for the contest with
USC on November 5 at Los Angeles,
are on sale today and tomorrow at
the ticket booths, at the basketball
pavilion.
Rooter tickets for the Ohio State
game this Saturday are $1; UCLA, |
Oct. 15, $1.75; San Jose State, Oct.
29, no charge, but tickets must be
secured in advance; USC. Nov. 5 at
Los Angeles, $1.75; University of
Oregon, Nov. 12, no charge, but tick
ets must be secured in advance:
University of California, the "Big
Game." Nov. 19, $2.
Student body cards must be pre
sented by the purchaser. Holders of
rooter tickets must present their
own student body card at all games.
Parents of students enrolled in
Stanford for the autumn quarter,
who are not eligible to apply in any
other classification for Big Game
tickets, are entitled to apply at the
Department of Athletics for two
seats for the contest.
Student rooter tickets for the five
Stanford home football games, as
well as tickets for the contest with
USC on November 5 at Los Angeles,
are on sale today and tomorrow at
the ticket booths, at the basketball
pavilion.
Rooter tickets for the Ohio State
game this Saturday are $1; UCLA, |
Oct. 15, $1.75; San Jose State, Oct.
29, no charge, but tickets must be
secured in advance; USC. Nov. 5 at
Los Angeles, $1.75; University of
Oregon, Nov. 12, no charge, but tick
ets must be secured in advance:
University of California, the "Big
Game." Nov. 19, $2.
Student body cards must be pre
sented by the purchaser. Holders of
rooter tickets must present their
own student body card at all games.
Parents of students enrolled in
Stanford for the autumn quarter,
who are not eligible to apply in any
other classification for Big Game
tickets, are entitled to apply at the
Department of Athletics for two
seats for the contest.
Student rooter tickets for the five
Stanford home football games, as
well as tickets for the contest with
USC on November 5 at Los Angeles,
are on sale today and tomorrow at
the ticket booths, at the basketball
pavilion.
Rooter tickets for the Ohio State
game this Saturday are $1; UCLA, |
Oct. 15, $1.75; San Jose State, Oct.
29, no charge, but tickets must be
secured in advance; USC. Nov. 5 at
Los Angeles, $1.75; University of
Oregon, Nov. 12, no charge, but tick
ets must be secured in advance:
University of California, the "Big
Game." Nov. 19, $2.
Student body cards must be pre
sented by the purchaser. Holders of
rooter tickets must present their
own student body card at all games.
Parents of students enrolled in
Stanford for the autumn quarter,
who are not eligible to apply in any
other classification for Big Game
tickets, are entitled to apply at the
Department of Athletics for two
seats for the contest.
Student rooter tickets for the five
Stanford home football games, as
well as tickets for the contest with
USC on November 5 at Los Angeles,
are on sale today and tomorrow at
the ticket booths, at the basketball
pavilion.
Rooter tickets for the Ohio State
game this Saturday are $1; UCLA, |
Oct. 15, $1.75; San Jose State, Oct.
29, no charge, but tickets must be
secured in advance; USC. Nov. 5 at
Los Angeles, $1.75; University of
Oregon, Nov. 12, no charge, but tick
ets must be secured in advance:
University of California, the "Big
Game." Nov. 19, $2.
Student body cards must be pre
sented by the purchaser. Holders of
rooter tickets must present their
own student body card at all games.
Parents of students enrolled in
Stanford for the autumn quarter,
who are not eligible to apply in any
other classification for Big Game
tickets, are entitled to apply at the
Department of Athletics for two
seats for the contest.
Student rooter tickets for the five
Stanford home football games, as
well as tickets for the contest with
USC on November 5 at Los Angeles,
are on sale today and tomorrow at
the ticket booths, at the basketball
pavilion.
Rooter tickets for the Ohio State
game this Saturday are $1; UCLA, |
Oct. 15, $1.75; San Jose State, Oct.
29, no charge, but tickets must be
secured in advance; USC. Nov. 5 at
Los Angeles, $1.75; University of
Oregon, Nov. 12, no charge, but tick
ets must be secured in advance:
University of California, the "Big
Game." Nov. 19, $2.
Student body cards must be pre
sented by the purchaser. Holders of
rooter tickets must present their
own student body card at all games.
Parents of students enrolled in
Stanford for the autumn quarter,
who are not eligible to apply in any
other classification for Big Game
tickets, are entitled to apply at the
Department of Athletics for two
seats for the contest.
Student rooter tickets for the five
Stanford home football games, as
well as tickets for the contest with
USC on November 5 at Los Angeles,
are on sale today and tomorrow at
the ticket booths, at the basketball
pavilion.
Rooter tickets for the Ohio State
game this Saturday are $1; UCLA, |
Oct. 15, $1.75; San Jose State, Oct.
29, no charge, but tickets must be
secured in advance; USC. Nov. 5 at
Los Angeles, $1.75; University of
Oregon, Nov. 12, no charge, but tick
ets must be secured in advance:
University of California, the "Big
Game." Nov. 19, $2.
Student body cards must be pre
sented by the purchaser. Holders of
rooter tickets must present their
own student body card at all games.
Parents of students enrolled in
Stanford for the autumn quarter,
who are not eligible to apply in any
other classification for Big Game
tickets, are entitled to apply at the
Department of Athletics for two
seats for the contest.
