# New Pocket Book To Include Works By Farm Authors
## 
### 
Manuscripts written by Stanford
students yre included in a new pock
et-size book titled "New Campus
Writing.'' This collection of short
stories and poetry written by stu
dents at American colleges and uni
versities will be published this week
by Bantam Books.
Stanford creative writing profes
sor Wallace Stcgner and many other
leading teachers and critics submit
ted hundreds of manuscripts from
which the forty-four representative
pieces were c:ho. en. Editing the col
lection is Nolan Miller, professor of
English at Antioch College.
Manuscripts written by Stanford
students yre included in a new pock
et-size book titled "New Campus
Writing.'' This collection of short
stories and poetry written by stu
dents at American colleges and uni
versities will be published this week
by Bantam Books.
Stanford creative writing profes
sor Wallace Stcgner and many other
leading teachers and critics submit
ted hundreds of manuscripts from
which the forty-four representative
pieces were c:ho. en. Editing the col
lection is Nolan Miller, professor of
English at Antioch College.
Manuscripts written by Stanford
students yre included in a new pock
et-size book titled "New Campus
Writing.'' This collection of short
stories and poetry written by stu
dents at American colleges and uni
versities will be published this week
by Bantam Books.
Stanford creative writing profes
sor Wallace Stcgner and many other
leading teachers and critics submit
ted hundreds of manuscripts from
which the forty-four representative
pieces were c:ho. en. Editing the col
lection is Nolan Miller, professor of
English at Antioch College.
Manuscripts written by Stanford
students yre included in a new pock
et-size book titled "New Campus
Writing.'' This collection of short
stories and poetry written by stu
dents at American colleges and uni
versities will be published this week
by Bantam Books.
Stanford creative writing profes
sor Wallace Stcgner and many other
leading teachers and critics submit
ted hundreds of manuscripts from
which the forty-four representative
pieces were c:ho. en. Editing the col
lection is Nolan Miller, professor of
English at Antioch College.
Manuscripts written by Stanford
students yre included in a new pock
et-size book titled "New Campus
Writing.'' This collection of short
stories and poetry written by stu
dents at American colleges and uni
versities will be published this week
by Bantam Books.
Stanford creative writing profes
sor Wallace Stcgner and many other
leading teachers and critics submit
ted hundreds of manuscripts from
which the forty-four representative
pieces were c:ho. en. Editing the col
lection is Nolan Miller, professor of
English at Antioch College.
Manuscripts written by Stanford
students yre included in a new pock
et-size book titled "New Campus
Writing.'' This collection of short
stories and poetry written by stu
dents at American colleges and uni
versities will be published this week
by Bantam Books.
Stanford creative writing profes
sor Wallace Stcgner and many other
leading teachers and critics submit
ted hundreds of manuscripts from
which the forty-four representative
pieces were c:ho. en. Editing the col
lection is Nolan Miller, professor of
English at Antioch College.
Manuscripts written by Stanford
students yre included in a new pock
et-size book titled "New Campus
Writing.'' This collection of short
stories and poetry written by stu
dents at American colleges and uni
versities will be published this week
by Bantam Books.
Stanford creative writing profes
sor Wallace Stcgner and many other
leading teachers and critics submit
ted hundreds of manuscripts from
which the forty-four representative
pieces were c:ho. en. Editing the col
lection is Nolan Miller, professor of
English at Antioch College.
Manuscripts written by Stanford
students yre included in a new pock
et-size book titled "New Campus
Writing.'' This collection of short
stories and poetry written by stu
dents at American colleges and uni
versities will be published this week
by Bantam Books.
Stanford creative writing profes
sor Wallace Stcgner and many other
leading teachers and critics submit
ted hundreds of manuscripts from
which the forty-four representative
pieces were c:ho. en. Editing the col
lection is Nolan Miller, professor of
English at Antioch College.
Manuscripts written by Stanford
students yre included in a new pock
et-size book titled "New Campus
Writing.'' This collection of short
stories and poetry written by stu
dents at American colleges and uni
versities will be published this week
by Bantam Books.
Stanford creative writing profes
sor Wallace Stcgner and many other
leading teachers and critics submit
ted hundreds of manuscripts from
which the forty-four representative
pieces were c:ho. en. Editing the col
lection is Nolan Miller, professor of
English at Antioch College.
Manuscripts written by Stanford
students yre included in a new pock
et-size book titled "New Campus
Writing.'' This collection of short
stories and poetry written by stu
dents at American colleges and uni
versities will be published this week
by Bantam Books.
Stanford creative writing profes
sor Wallace Stcgner and many other
leading teachers and critics submit
ted hundreds of manuscripts from
which the forty-four representative
pieces were c:ho. en. Editing the col
lection is Nolan Miller, professor of
English at Antioch College.
Manuscripts written by Stanford
students yre included in a new pock
et-size book titled "New Campus
Writing.'' This collection of short
stories and poetry written by stu
dents at American colleges and uni
versities will be published this week
by Bantam Books.
Stanford creative writing profes
sor Wallace Stcgner and many other
leading teachers and critics submit
ted hundreds of manuscripts from
which the forty-four representative
pieces were c:ho. en. Editing the col
lection is Nolan Miller, professor of
English at Antioch College.
Manuscripts written by Stanford
students yre included in a new pock
et-size book titled "New Campus
Writing.'' This collection of short
stories and poetry written by stu
dents at American colleges and uni
versities will be published this week
by Bantam Books.
Stanford creative writing profes
sor Wallace Stcgner and many other
leading teachers and critics submit
ted hundreds of manuscripts from
which the forty-four representative
pieces were c:ho. en. Editing the col
lection is Nolan Miller, professor of
English at Antioch College.
Manuscripts written by Stanford
students yre included in a new pock
et-size book titled "New Campus
Writing.'' This collection of short
stories and poetry written by stu
dents at American colleges and uni
versities will be published this week
by Bantam Books.
Stanford creative writing profes
sor Wallace Stcgner and many other
leading teachers and critics submit
ted hundreds of manuscripts from
which the forty-four representative
pieces were c:ho. en. Editing the col
lection is Nolan Miller, professor of
English at Antioch College.
Manuscripts written by Stanford
students yre included in a new pock
et-size book titled "New Campus
Writing.'' This collection of short
stories and poetry written by stu
dents at American colleges and uni
versities will be published this week
by Bantam Books.
Stanford creative writing profes
sor Wallace Stcgner and many other
leading teachers and critics submit
ted hundreds of manuscripts from
which the forty-four representative
pieces were c:ho. en. Editing the col
lection is Nolan Miller, professor of
English at Antioch College.
Manuscripts written by Stanford
students yre included in a new pock
et-size book titled "New Campus
Writing.'' This collection of short
stories and poetry written by stu
dents at American colleges and uni
versities will be published this week
by Bantam Books.
Stanford creative writing profes
sor Wallace Stcgner and many other
leading teachers and critics submit
ted hundreds of manuscripts from
which the forty-four representative
pieces were c:ho. en. Editing the col
lection is Nolan Miller, professor of
English at Antioch College.
