# Sigma Delta Pi to Meet
## 
### 
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary, will meet Thursday at 7
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Anyone interested in Spanish cul
ture and the Spanish language is
invited.
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary, will meet Thursday at 7
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Anyone interested in Spanish cul
ture and the Spanish language is
invited.
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary, will meet Thursday at 7
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Anyone interested in Spanish cul
ture and the Spanish language is
invited.
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary, will meet Thursday at 7
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Anyone interested in Spanish cul
ture and the Spanish language is
invited.
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary, will meet Thursday at 7
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Anyone interested in Spanish cul
ture and the Spanish language is
invited.
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary, will meet Thursday at 7
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Anyone interested in Spanish cul
ture and the Spanish language is
invited.
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary, will meet Thursday at 7
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Anyone interested in Spanish cul
ture and the Spanish language is
invited.
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary, will meet Thursday at 7
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Anyone interested in Spanish cul
ture and the Spanish language is
invited.
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary, will meet Thursday at 7
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Anyone interested in Spanish cul
ture and the Spanish language is
invited.
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary, will meet Thursday at 7
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Anyone interested in Spanish cul
ture and the Spanish language is
invited.
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary, will meet Thursday at 7
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Anyone interested in Spanish cul
ture and the Spanish language is
invited.
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary, will meet Thursday at 7
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Anyone interested in Spanish cul
ture and the Spanish language is
invited.
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary, will meet Thursday at 7
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Anyone interested in Spanish cul
ture and the Spanish language is
invited.
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary, will meet Thursday at 7
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Anyone interested in Spanish cul
ture and the Spanish language is
invited.
Sigma Delta Pi, national Spanish
honorary, will meet Thursday at 7
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Anyone interested in Spanish cul
ture and the Spanish language is
invited.
