# IM Referees
## 
### 
Basketball officials are needed
for the intramural basketball
games played during winter
quarter. The pay is $2.00 per
game. Games are played at 6:30,
7:30, 8:30, 9:30 and, at times,
10:30 p.m. Almost all of the
games are played in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion, usually on
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
and Thursday evenings, and on
Saturday mornings.
For information, contact either
Mr. Fehring, Director of
Intramurals, or Mel Hendrix, of
Mark Wilson at: 321-2300 ext.
4213 or 4270.
Basketball officials are needed
for the intramural basketball
games played during winter
quarter. The pay is $2.00 per
game. Games are played at 6:30,
7:30, 8:30, 9:30 and, at times,
10:30 p.m. Almost all of the
games are played in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion, usually on
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
and Thursday evenings, and on
Saturday mornings.
For information, contact either
Mr. Fehring, Director of
Intramurals, or Mel Hendrix, of
Mark Wilson at: 321-2300 ext.
4213 or 4270.
Basketball officials are needed
for the intramural basketball
games played during winter
quarter. The pay is $2.00 per
game. Games are played at 6:30,
7:30, 8:30, 9:30 and, at times,
10:30 p.m. Almost all of the
games are played in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion, usually on
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
and Thursday evenings, and on
Saturday mornings.
For information, contact either
Mr. Fehring, Director of
Intramurals, or Mel Hendrix, of
Mark Wilson at: 321-2300 ext.
4213 or 4270.
Basketball officials are needed
for the intramural basketball
games played during winter
quarter. The pay is $2.00 per
game. Games are played at 6:30,
7:30, 8:30, 9:30 and, at times,
10:30 p.m. Almost all of the
games are played in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion, usually on
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
and Thursday evenings, and on
Saturday mornings.
For information, contact either
Mr. Fehring, Director of
Intramurals, or Mel Hendrix, of
Mark Wilson at: 321-2300 ext.
4213 or 4270.
Basketball officials are needed
for the intramural basketball
games played during winter
quarter. The pay is $2.00 per
game. Games are played at 6:30,
7:30, 8:30, 9:30 and, at times,
10:30 p.m. Almost all of the
games are played in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion, usually on
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
and Thursday evenings, and on
Saturday mornings.
For information, contact either
Mr. Fehring, Director of
Intramurals, or Mel Hendrix, of
Mark Wilson at: 321-2300 ext.
4213 or 4270.
Basketball officials are needed
for the intramural basketball
games played during winter
quarter. The pay is $2.00 per
game. Games are played at 6:30,
7:30, 8:30, 9:30 and, at times,
10:30 p.m. Almost all of the
games are played in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion, usually on
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
and Thursday evenings, and on
Saturday mornings.
For information, contact either
Mr. Fehring, Director of
Intramurals, or Mel Hendrix, of
Mark Wilson at: 321-2300 ext.
4213 or 4270.
Basketball officials are needed
for the intramural basketball
games played during winter
quarter. The pay is $2.00 per
game. Games are played at 6:30,
7:30, 8:30, 9:30 and, at times,
10:30 p.m. Almost all of the
games are played in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion, usually on
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
and Thursday evenings, and on
Saturday mornings.
For information, contact either
Mr. Fehring, Director of
Intramurals, or Mel Hendrix, of
Mark Wilson at: 321-2300 ext.
4213 or 4270.
Basketball officials are needed
for the intramural basketball
games played during winter
quarter. The pay is $2.00 per
game. Games are played at 6:30,
7:30, 8:30, 9:30 and, at times,
10:30 p.m. Almost all of the
games are played in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion, usually on
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
and Thursday evenings, and on
Saturday mornings.
For information, contact either
Mr. Fehring, Director of
Intramurals, or Mel Hendrix, of
Mark Wilson at: 321-2300 ext.
4213 or 4270.
Basketball officials are needed
for the intramural basketball
games played during winter
quarter. The pay is $2.00 per
game. Games are played at 6:30,
7:30, 8:30, 9:30 and, at times,
10:30 p.m. Almost all of the
games are played in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion, usually on
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
and Thursday evenings, and on
Saturday mornings.
For information, contact either
Mr. Fehring, Director of
Intramurals, or Mel Hendrix, of
Mark Wilson at: 321-2300 ext.
4213 or 4270.
Basketball officials are needed
for the intramural basketball
games played during winter
quarter. The pay is $2.00 per
game. Games are played at 6:30,
7:30, 8:30, 9:30 and, at times,
10:30 p.m. Almost all of the
games are played in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion, usually on
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
and Thursday evenings, and on
Saturday mornings.
For information, contact either
Mr. Fehring, Director of
Intramurals, or Mel Hendrix, of
Mark Wilson at: 321-2300 ext.
4213 or 4270.
Basketball officials are needed
for the intramural basketball
games played during winter
quarter. The pay is $2.00 per
game. Games are played at 6:30,
7:30, 8:30, 9:30 and, at times,
10:30 p.m. Almost all of the
games are played in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion, usually on
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
and Thursday evenings, and on
Saturday mornings.
For information, contact either
Mr. Fehring, Director of
Intramurals, or Mel Hendrix, of
Mark Wilson at: 321-2300 ext.
4213 or 4270.
Basketball officials are needed
for the intramural basketball
games played during winter
quarter. The pay is $2.00 per
game. Games are played at 6:30,
7:30, 8:30, 9:30 and, at times,
10:30 p.m. Almost all of the
games are played in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion, usually on
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
and Thursday evenings, and on
Saturday mornings.
For information, contact either
Mr. Fehring, Director of
Intramurals, or Mel Hendrix, of
Mark Wilson at: 321-2300 ext.
4213 or 4270.
Basketball officials are needed
for the intramural basketball
games played during winter
quarter. The pay is $2.00 per
game. Games are played at 6:30,
7:30, 8:30, 9:30 and, at times,
10:30 p.m. Almost all of the
games are played in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion, usually on
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
and Thursday evenings, and on
Saturday mornings.
For information, contact either
Mr. Fehring, Director of
Intramurals, or Mel Hendrix, of
Mark Wilson at: 321-2300 ext.
4213 or 4270.
Basketball officials are needed
for the intramural basketball
games played during winter
quarter. The pay is $2.00 per
game. Games are played at 6:30,
7:30, 8:30, 9:30 and, at times,
10:30 p.m. Almost all of the
games are played in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion, usually on
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
and Thursday evenings, and on
Saturday mornings.
For information, contact either
Mr. Fehring, Director of
Intramurals, or Mel Hendrix, of
Mark Wilson at: 321-2300 ext.
4213 or 4270.
