# Six Openings In Psychology Group
## 
### 
Qualified students interested in
participating in next year's psy
chology honors program should
sign up for interviews now in
Room .13 in the Education Build
ing.
Selection is made on the basis
of academic record and interest
in entering professional work in
ps y c ho I o g y. The department
chooses about six students for
the program at the end of their
sophomore year.
Qualified students interested in
participating in next year's psy
chology honors program should
sign up for interviews now in
Room .13 in the Education Build
ing.
Selection is made on the basis
of academic record and interest
in entering professional work in
ps y c ho I o g y. The department
chooses about six students for
the program at the end of their
sophomore year.
Qualified students interested in
participating in next year's psy
chology honors program should
sign up for interviews now in
Room .13 in the Education Build
ing.
Selection is made on the basis
of academic record and interest
in entering professional work in
ps y c ho I o g y. The department
chooses about six students for
the program at the end of their
sophomore year.
Qualified students interested in
participating in next year's psy
chology honors program should
sign up for interviews now in
Room .13 in the Education Build
ing.
Selection is made on the basis
of academic record and interest
in entering professional work in
ps y c ho I o g y. The department
chooses about six students for
the program at the end of their
sophomore year.
Qualified students interested in
participating in next year's psy
chology honors program should
sign up for interviews now in
Room .13 in the Education Build
ing.
Selection is made on the basis
of academic record and interest
in entering professional work in
ps y c ho I o g y. The department
chooses about six students for
the program at the end of their
sophomore year.
Qualified students interested in
participating in next year's psy
chology honors program should
sign up for interviews now in
Room .13 in the Education Build
ing.
Selection is made on the basis
of academic record and interest
in entering professional work in
ps y c ho I o g y. The department
chooses about six students for
the program at the end of their
sophomore year.
Qualified students interested in
participating in next year's psy
chology honors program should
sign up for interviews now in
Room .13 in the Education Build
ing.
Selection is made on the basis
of academic record and interest
in entering professional work in
ps y c ho I o g y. The department
chooses about six students for
the program at the end of their
sophomore year.
Qualified students interested in
participating in next year's psy
chology honors program should
sign up for interviews now in
Room .13 in the Education Build
ing.
Selection is made on the basis
of academic record and interest
in entering professional work in
ps y c ho I o g y. The department
chooses about six students for
the program at the end of their
sophomore year.
Qualified students interested in
participating in next year's psy
chology honors program should
sign up for interviews now in
Room .13 in the Education Build
ing.
Selection is made on the basis
of academic record and interest
in entering professional work in
ps y c ho I o g y. The department
chooses about six students for
the program at the end of their
sophomore year.
Qualified students interested in
participating in next year's psy
chology honors program should
sign up for interviews now in
Room .13 in the Education Build
ing.
Selection is made on the basis
of academic record and interest
in entering professional work in
ps y c ho I o g y. The department
chooses about six students for
the program at the end of their
sophomore year.
Qualified students interested in
participating in next year's psy
chology honors program should
sign up for interviews now in
Room .13 in the Education Build
ing.
Selection is made on the basis
of academic record and interest
in entering professional work in
ps y c ho I o g y. The department
chooses about six students for
the program at the end of their
sophomore year.
Qualified students interested in
participating in next year's psy
chology honors program should
sign up for interviews now in
Room .13 in the Education Build
ing.
Selection is made on the basis
of academic record and interest
in entering professional work in
ps y c ho I o g y. The department
chooses about six students for
the program at the end of their
sophomore year.
Qualified students interested in
participating in next year's psy
chology honors program should
sign up for interviews now in
Room .13 in the Education Build
ing.
Selection is made on the basis
of academic record and interest
in entering professional work in
ps y c ho I o g y. The department
chooses about six students for
the program at the end of their
sophomore year.
Qualified students interested in
participating in next year's psy
chology honors program should
sign up for interviews now in
Room .13 in the Education Build
ing.
Selection is made on the basis
of academic record and interest
in entering professional work in
ps y c ho I o g y. The department
chooses about six students for
the program at the end of their
sophomore year.
Qualified students interested in
participating in next year's psy
chology honors program should
sign up for interviews now in
Room .13 in the Education Build
ing.
Selection is made on the basis
of academic record and interest
in entering professional work in
ps y c ho I o g y. The department
chooses about six students for
the program at the end of their
sophomore year.
Qualified students interested in
participating in next year's psy
chology honors program should
sign up for interviews now in
Room .13 in the Education Build
ing.
Selection is made on the basis
of academic record and interest
in entering professional work in
ps y c ho I o g y. The department
chooses about six students for
the program at the end of their
sophomore year.
