# Victory!
## 
### 
The fuses, light bulbs, type
writer rollers, copy paper, and
glue were gone. The door was
padlocked; the phones were out
of commission.
And yet the freshmen came
through.
Today's paper was produced
entirely hy freshmen in an
effort to prove to the regular
staff what a few competent
people can do. Despite man
made harriers, speed and effi
ciency reigned.
The fuses, light bulbs, type
writer rollers, copy paper, and
glue were gone. The door was
padlocked; the phones were out
of commission.
And yet the freshmen came
through.
Today's paper was produced
entirely hy freshmen in an
effort to prove to the regular
staff what a few competent
people can do. Despite man
made harriers, speed and effi
ciency reigned.
The fuses, light bulbs, type
writer rollers, copy paper, and
glue were gone. The door was
padlocked; the phones were out
of commission.
And yet the freshmen came
through.
Today's paper was produced
entirely hy freshmen in an
effort to prove to the regular
staff what a few competent
people can do. Despite man
made harriers, speed and effi
ciency reigned.
The fuses, light bulbs, type
writer rollers, copy paper, and
glue were gone. The door was
padlocked; the phones were out
of commission.
And yet the freshmen came
through.
Today's paper was produced
entirely hy freshmen in an
effort to prove to the regular
staff what a few competent
people can do. Despite man
made harriers, speed and effi
ciency reigned.
The fuses, light bulbs, type
writer rollers, copy paper, and
glue were gone. The door was
padlocked; the phones were out
of commission.
And yet the freshmen came
through.
Today's paper was produced
entirely hy freshmen in an
effort to prove to the regular
staff what a few competent
people can do. Despite man
made harriers, speed and effi
ciency reigned.
The fuses, light bulbs, type
writer rollers, copy paper, and
glue were gone. The door was
padlocked; the phones were out
of commission.
And yet the freshmen came
through.
Today's paper was produced
entirely hy freshmen in an
effort to prove to the regular
staff what a few competent
people can do. Despite man
made harriers, speed and effi
ciency reigned.
The fuses, light bulbs, type
writer rollers, copy paper, and
glue were gone. The door was
padlocked; the phones were out
of commission.
And yet the freshmen came
through.
Today's paper was produced
entirely hy freshmen in an
effort to prove to the regular
staff what a few competent
people can do. Despite man
made harriers, speed and effi
ciency reigned.
The fuses, light bulbs, type
writer rollers, copy paper, and
glue were gone. The door was
padlocked; the phones were out
of commission.
And yet the freshmen came
through.
Today's paper was produced
entirely hy freshmen in an
effort to prove to the regular
staff what a few competent
people can do. Despite man
made harriers, speed and effi
ciency reigned.
The fuses, light bulbs, type
writer rollers, copy paper, and
glue were gone. The door was
padlocked; the phones were out
of commission.
And yet the freshmen came
through.
Today's paper was produced
entirely hy freshmen in an
effort to prove to the regular
staff what a few competent
people can do. Despite man
made harriers, speed and effi
ciency reigned.
The fuses, light bulbs, type
writer rollers, copy paper, and
glue were gone. The door was
padlocked; the phones were out
of commission.
And yet the freshmen came
through.
Today's paper was produced
entirely hy freshmen in an
effort to prove to the regular
staff what a few competent
people can do. Despite man
made harriers, speed and effi
ciency reigned.
The fuses, light bulbs, type
writer rollers, copy paper, and
glue were gone. The door was
padlocked; the phones were out
of commission.
And yet the freshmen came
through.
Today's paper was produced
entirely hy freshmen in an
effort to prove to the regular
staff what a few competent
people can do. Despite man
made harriers, speed and effi
ciency reigned.
The fuses, light bulbs, type
writer rollers, copy paper, and
glue were gone. The door was
padlocked; the phones were out
of commission.
And yet the freshmen came
through.
Today's paper was produced
entirely hy freshmen in an
effort to prove to the regular
staff what a few competent
people can do. Despite man
made harriers, speed and effi
ciency reigned.
The fuses, light bulbs, type
writer rollers, copy paper, and
glue were gone. The door was
padlocked; the phones were out
of commission.
And yet the freshmen came
through.
Today's paper was produced
entirely hy freshmen in an
effort to prove to the regular
staff what a few competent
people can do. Despite man
made harriers, speed and effi
ciency reigned.
The fuses, light bulbs, type
writer rollers, copy paper, and
glue were gone. The door was
padlocked; the phones were out
of commission.
And yet the freshmen came
through.
Today's paper was produced
entirely hy freshmen in an
effort to prove to the regular
staff what a few competent
people can do. Despite man
made harriers, speed and effi
ciency reigned.
The fuses, light bulbs, type
writer rollers, copy paper, and
glue were gone. The door was
padlocked; the phones were out
of commission.
And yet the freshmen came
through.
Today's paper was produced
entirely hy freshmen in an
effort to prove to the regular
staff what a few competent
people can do. Despite man
made harriers, speed and effi
ciency reigned.
The fuses, light bulbs, type
writer rollers, copy paper, and
glue were gone. The door was
padlocked; the phones were out
of commission.
And yet the freshmen came
through.
Today's paper was produced
entirely hy freshmen in an
effort to prove to the regular
staff what a few competent
people can do. Despite man
made harriers, speed and effi
ciency reigned.
