# New York Pastor Will Lecture Here in May
## 
### 
Rev. Richard Roberts, minister of
the Church of the Pilgrims, New
York, was appointed special preacher
for the spring quarter at the last
regular meeting of the Board of Trus
tees. Dr. Roberts will speak at the
Memorial Church the throe Sundays,
May 16, 23, and 30.
Rev. Richard Roberts, minister of
the Church of the Pilgrims, New
York, was appointed special preacher
for the spring quarter at the last
regular meeting of the Board of Trus
tees. Dr. Roberts will speak at the
Memorial Church the throe Sundays,
May 16, 23, and 30.
Rev. Richard Roberts, minister of
the Church of the Pilgrims, New
York, was appointed special preacher
for the spring quarter at the last
regular meeting of the Board of Trus
tees. Dr. Roberts will speak at the
Memorial Church the throe Sundays,
May 16, 23, and 30.
Rev. Richard Roberts, minister of
the Church of the Pilgrims, New
York, was appointed special preacher
for the spring quarter at the last
regular meeting of the Board of Trus
tees. Dr. Roberts will speak at the
Memorial Church the throe Sundays,
May 16, 23, and 30.
Rev. Richard Roberts, minister of
the Church of the Pilgrims, New
York, was appointed special preacher
for the spring quarter at the last
regular meeting of the Board of Trus
tees. Dr. Roberts will speak at the
Memorial Church the throe Sundays,
May 16, 23, and 30.
Rev. Richard Roberts, minister of
the Church of the Pilgrims, New
York, was appointed special preacher
for the spring quarter at the last
regular meeting of the Board of Trus
tees. Dr. Roberts will speak at the
Memorial Church the throe Sundays,
May 16, 23, and 30.
Rev. Richard Roberts, minister of
the Church of the Pilgrims, New
York, was appointed special preacher
for the spring quarter at the last
regular meeting of the Board of Trus
tees. Dr. Roberts will speak at the
Memorial Church the throe Sundays,
May 16, 23, and 30.
Rev. Richard Roberts, minister of
the Church of the Pilgrims, New
York, was appointed special preacher
for the spring quarter at the last
regular meeting of the Board of Trus
tees. Dr. Roberts will speak at the
Memorial Church the throe Sundays,
May 16, 23, and 30.
Rev. Richard Roberts, minister of
the Church of the Pilgrims, New
York, was appointed special preacher
for the spring quarter at the last
regular meeting of the Board of Trus
tees. Dr. Roberts will speak at the
Memorial Church the throe Sundays,
May 16, 23, and 30.
Rev. Richard Roberts, minister of
the Church of the Pilgrims, New
York, was appointed special preacher
for the spring quarter at the last
regular meeting of the Board of Trus
tees. Dr. Roberts will speak at the
Memorial Church the throe Sundays,
May 16, 23, and 30.
Rev. Richard Roberts, minister of
the Church of the Pilgrims, New
York, was appointed special preacher
for the spring quarter at the last
regular meeting of the Board of Trus
tees. Dr. Roberts will speak at the
Memorial Church the throe Sundays,
May 16, 23, and 30.
Rev. Richard Roberts, minister of
the Church of the Pilgrims, New
York, was appointed special preacher
for the spring quarter at the last
regular meeting of the Board of Trus
tees. Dr. Roberts will speak at the
Memorial Church the throe Sundays,
May 16, 23, and 30.
