# LAZZARI'S WORK IS FLAWLESS; CRITICS
## 
### 
Miss Carolina Lazzari, who is en
gaged as leading contralto for the
winter season of the Metropolitan
Opera Company, will be presented by
Frank Healy, on Wednesday night,
January 21, in the Stanford Auditori
um. Miss Lazzari is the second at
traction of the three Mr. Healy is
presenting on this campus.
Critics seem to agree that her work
is flawless, as can be shown by the
tone of their criticisms. The critic
of the Hartford Times, says: "One of
the best voices heard in a long time.
It is a voice sonorous, rich, velvety,
and womanly."
While the critic of the Worcester
Telegraph wrote after her appearance
in that city, "She created a tremend
ous impression with her wonderful,
rich, and pliable voice, the like of
which has scarcely ever been heard
here."
Miss Carolina Lazzari, who is en
gaged as leading contralto for the
winter season of the Metropolitan
Opera Company, will be presented by
Frank Healy, on Wednesday night,
January 21, in the Stanford Auditori
um. Miss Lazzari is the second at
traction of the three Mr. Healy is
presenting on this campus.
Critics seem to agree that her work
is flawless, as can be shown by the
tone of their criticisms. The critic
of the Hartford Times, says: "One of
the best voices heard in a long time.
It is a voice sonorous, rich, velvety,
and womanly."
While the critic of the Worcester
Telegraph wrote after her appearance
in that city, "She created a tremend
ous impression with her wonderful,
rich, and pliable voice, the like of
which has scarcely ever been heard
here."
Miss Carolina Lazzari, who is en
gaged as leading contralto for the
winter season of the Metropolitan
Opera Company, will be presented by
Frank Healy, on Wednesday night,
January 21, in the Stanford Auditori
um. Miss Lazzari is the second at
traction of the three Mr. Healy is
presenting on this campus.
Critics seem to agree that her work
is flawless, as can be shown by the
tone of their criticisms. The critic
of the Hartford Times, says: "One of
the best voices heard in a long time.
It is a voice sonorous, rich, velvety,
and womanly."
While the critic of the Worcester
Telegraph wrote after her appearance
in that city, "She created a tremend
ous impression with her wonderful,
rich, and pliable voice, the like of
which has scarcely ever been heard
here."
Miss Carolina Lazzari, who is en
gaged as leading contralto for the
winter season of the Metropolitan
Opera Company, will be presented by
Frank Healy, on Wednesday night,
January 21, in the Stanford Auditori
um. Miss Lazzari is the second at
traction of the three Mr. Healy is
presenting on this campus.
Critics seem to agree that her work
is flawless, as can be shown by the
tone of their criticisms. The critic
of the Hartford Times, says: "One of
the best voices heard in a long time.
It is a voice sonorous, rich, velvety,
and womanly."
While the critic of the Worcester
Telegraph wrote after her appearance
in that city, "She created a tremend
ous impression with her wonderful,
rich, and pliable voice, the like of
which has scarcely ever been heard
here."
Miss Carolina Lazzari, who is en
gaged as leading contralto for the
winter season of the Metropolitan
Opera Company, will be presented by
Frank Healy, on Wednesday night,
January 21, in the Stanford Auditori
um. Miss Lazzari is the second at
traction of the three Mr. Healy is
presenting on this campus.
Critics seem to agree that her work
is flawless, as can be shown by the
tone of their criticisms. The critic
of the Hartford Times, says: "One of
the best voices heard in a long time.
It is a voice sonorous, rich, velvety,
and womanly."
While the critic of the Worcester
Telegraph wrote after her appearance
in that city, "She created a tremend
ous impression with her wonderful,
rich, and pliable voice, the like of
which has scarcely ever been heard
here."
Miss Carolina Lazzari, who is en
gaged as leading contralto for the
winter season of the Metropolitan
Opera Company, will be presented by
Frank Healy, on Wednesday night,
January 21, in the Stanford Auditori
um. Miss Lazzari is the second at
traction of the three Mr. Healy is
presenting on this campus.
Critics seem to agree that her work
is flawless, as can be shown by the
tone of their criticisms. The critic
of the Hartford Times, says: "One of
the best voices heard in a long time.
It is a voice sonorous, rich, velvety,
and womanly."
While the critic of the Worcester
Telegraph wrote after her appearance
in that city, "She created a tremend
ous impression with her wonderful,
rich, and pliable voice, the like of
which has scarcely ever been heard
here."
Miss Carolina Lazzari, who is en
gaged as leading contralto for the
winter season of the Metropolitan
Opera Company, will be presented by
Frank Healy, on Wednesday night,
January 21, in the Stanford Auditori
um. Miss Lazzari is the second at
traction of the three Mr. Healy is
presenting on this campus.
Critics seem to agree that her work
is flawless, as can be shown by the
tone of their criticisms. The critic
of the Hartford Times, says: "One of
the best voices heard in a long time.
It is a voice sonorous, rich, velvety,
and womanly."
While the critic of the Worcester
Telegraph wrote after her appearance
in that city, "She created a tremend
ous impression with her wonderful,
rich, and pliable voice, the like of
which has scarcely ever been heard
here."
Miss Carolina Lazzari, who is en
gaged as leading contralto for the
winter season of the Metropolitan
Opera Company, will be presented by
Frank Healy, on Wednesday night,
January 21, in the Stanford Auditori
um. Miss Lazzari is the second at
traction of the three Mr. Healy is
presenting on this campus.
Critics seem to agree that her work
is flawless, as can be shown by the
tone of their criticisms. The critic
of the Hartford Times, says: "One of
the best voices heard in a long time.
It is a voice sonorous, rich, velvety,
and womanly."
While the critic of the Worcester
Telegraph wrote after her appearance
in that city, "She created a tremend
ous impression with her wonderful,
rich, and pliable voice, the like of
which has scarcely ever been heard
here."
Miss Carolina Lazzari, who is en
gaged as leading contralto for the
winter season of the Metropolitan
Opera Company, will be presented by
Frank Healy, on Wednesday night,
January 21, in the Stanford Auditori
um. Miss Lazzari is the second at
traction of the three Mr. Healy is
presenting on this campus.
Critics seem to agree that her work
is flawless, as can be shown by the
tone of their criticisms. The critic
of the Hartford Times, says: "One of
the best voices heard in a long time.
It is a voice sonorous, rich, velvety,
and womanly."
While the critic of the Worcester
Telegraph wrote after her appearance
in that city, "She created a tremend
ous impression with her wonderful,
rich, and pliable voice, the like of
which has scarcely ever been heard
here."
Miss Carolina Lazzari, who is en
gaged as leading contralto for the
winter season of the Metropolitan
Opera Company, will be presented by
Frank Healy, on Wednesday night,
January 21, in the Stanford Auditori
um. Miss Lazzari is the second at
traction of the three Mr. Healy is
presenting on this campus.
Critics seem to agree that her work
is flawless, as can be shown by the
tone of their criticisms. The critic
of the Hartford Times, says: "One of
the best voices heard in a long time.
It is a voice sonorous, rich, velvety,
and womanly."
While the critic of the Worcester
Telegraph wrote after her appearance
in that city, "She created a tremend
ous impression with her wonderful,
rich, and pliable voice, the like of
which has scarcely ever been heard
here."
Miss Carolina Lazzari, who is en
gaged as leading contralto for the
winter season of the Metropolitan
Opera Company, will be presented by
Frank Healy, on Wednesday night,
January 21, in the Stanford Auditori
um. Miss Lazzari is the second at
traction of the three Mr. Healy is
presenting on this campus.
Critics seem to agree that her work
is flawless, as can be shown by the
tone of their criticisms. The critic
of the Hartford Times, says: "One of
the best voices heard in a long time.
It is a voice sonorous, rich, velvety,
and womanly."
While the critic of the Worcester
Telegraph wrote after her appearance
in that city, "She created a tremend
ous impression with her wonderful,
rich, and pliable voice, the like of
which has scarcely ever been heard
here."
Miss Carolina Lazzari, who is en
gaged as leading contralto for the
winter season of the Metropolitan
Opera Company, will be presented by
Frank Healy, on Wednesday night,
January 21, in the Stanford Auditori
um. Miss Lazzari is the second at
traction of the three Mr. Healy is
presenting on this campus.
Critics seem to agree that her work
is flawless, as can be shown by the
tone of their criticisms. The critic
of the Hartford Times, says: "One of
the best voices heard in a long time.
It is a voice sonorous, rich, velvety,
and womanly."
While the critic of the Worcester
Telegraph wrote after her appearance
in that city, "She created a tremend
ous impression with her wonderful,
rich, and pliable voice, the like of
which has scarcely ever been heard
here."
