# Seniors to Nominate For Student Council
## 
### 
For the purpose of nominating two
members to the Men's Council, the
senior class will hold a meeting tomor
row at 1 o'clock in Room 214. The
members to be elected arc to take the
places formerly held by C. J. Kegley,
18, and E. R. Caughey, '18, who retired
from the council at the end of last
quarter.
For the purpose of nominating two
members to the Men's Council, the
senior class will hold a meeting tomor
row at 1 o'clock in Room 214. The
members to be elected arc to take the
places formerly held by C. J. Kegley,
18, and E. R. Caughey, '18, who retired
from the council at the end of last
quarter.
For the purpose of nominating two
members to the Men's Council, the
senior class will hold a meeting tomor
row at 1 o'clock in Room 214. The
members to be elected arc to take the
places formerly held by C. J. Kegley,
18, and E. R. Caughey, '18, who retired
from the council at the end of last
quarter.
For the purpose of nominating two
members to the Men's Council, the
senior class will hold a meeting tomor
row at 1 o'clock in Room 214. The
members to be elected arc to take the
places formerly held by C. J. Kegley,
18, and E. R. Caughey, '18, who retired
from the council at the end of last
quarter.
For the purpose of nominating two
members to the Men's Council, the
senior class will hold a meeting tomor
row at 1 o'clock in Room 214. The
members to be elected arc to take the
places formerly held by C. J. Kegley,
18, and E. R. Caughey, '18, who retired
from the council at the end of last
quarter.
For the purpose of nominating two
members to the Men's Council, the
senior class will hold a meeting tomor
row at 1 o'clock in Room 214. The
members to be elected arc to take the
places formerly held by C. J. Kegley,
18, and E. R. Caughey, '18, who retired
from the council at the end of last
quarter.
For the purpose of nominating two
members to the Men's Council, the
senior class will hold a meeting tomor
row at 1 o'clock in Room 214. The
members to be elected arc to take the
places formerly held by C. J. Kegley,
18, and E. R. Caughey, '18, who retired
from the council at the end of last
quarter.
For the purpose of nominating two
members to the Men's Council, the
senior class will hold a meeting tomor
row at 1 o'clock in Room 214. The
members to be elected arc to take the
places formerly held by C. J. Kegley,
18, and E. R. Caughey, '18, who retired
from the council at the end of last
quarter.
For the purpose of nominating two
members to the Men's Council, the
senior class will hold a meeting tomor
row at 1 o'clock in Room 214. The
members to be elected arc to take the
places formerly held by C. J. Kegley,
18, and E. R. Caughey, '18, who retired
from the council at the end of last
quarter.
For the purpose of nominating two
members to the Men's Council, the
senior class will hold a meeting tomor
row at 1 o'clock in Room 214. The
members to be elected arc to take the
places formerly held by C. J. Kegley,
18, and E. R. Caughey, '18, who retired
from the council at the end of last
quarter.
For the purpose of nominating two
members to the Men's Council, the
senior class will hold a meeting tomor
row at 1 o'clock in Room 214. The
members to be elected arc to take the
places formerly held by C. J. Kegley,
18, and E. R. Caughey, '18, who retired
from the council at the end of last
quarter.
For the purpose of nominating two
members to the Men's Council, the
senior class will hold a meeting tomor
row at 1 o'clock in Room 214. The
members to be elected arc to take the
places formerly held by C. J. Kegley,
18, and E. R. Caughey, '18, who retired
from the council at the end of last
quarter.
