# ENGLAND AND FRANCE OPPOSE GREEK MEN
## 
### United Press 
PARIS, Nov. 18.—Great Britain and
France will not recognize a Greek gov
ernment headed by King Constantine,
the French foreign office announced to
day. The two countries under agree
ment with Greece are entitled to deter
mine the character of the government,
it was announced.
PARIS, Nov. 18.—Great Britain and
France will not recognize a Greek gov
ernment headed by King Constantine,
the French foreign office announced to
day. The two countries under agree
ment with Greece are entitled to deter
mine the character of the government,
it was announced.
PARIS, Nov. 18.—Great Britain and
France will not recognize a Greek gov
ernment headed by King Constantine,
the French foreign office announced to
day. The two countries under agree
ment with Greece are entitled to deter
mine the character of the government,
it was announced.
PARIS, Nov. 18.—Great Britain and
France will not recognize a Greek gov
ernment headed by King Constantine,
the French foreign office announced to
day. The two countries under agree
ment with Greece are entitled to deter
mine the character of the government,
it was announced.
PARIS, Nov. 18.—Great Britain and
France will not recognize a Greek gov
ernment headed by King Constantine,
the French foreign office announced to
day. The two countries under agree
ment with Greece are entitled to deter
mine the character of the government,
it was announced.
PARIS, Nov. 18.—Great Britain and
France will not recognize a Greek gov
ernment headed by King Constantine,
the French foreign office announced to
day. The two countries under agree
ment with Greece are entitled to deter
mine the character of the government,
it was announced.
PARIS, Nov. 18.—Great Britain and
France will not recognize a Greek gov
ernment headed by King Constantine,
the French foreign office announced to
day. The two countries under agree
ment with Greece are entitled to deter
mine the character of the government,
it was announced.
PARIS, Nov. 18.—Great Britain and
France will not recognize a Greek gov
ernment headed by King Constantine,
the French foreign office announced to
day. The two countries under agree
ment with Greece are entitled to deter
mine the character of the government,
it was announced.
PARIS, Nov. 18.—Great Britain and
France will not recognize a Greek gov
ernment headed by King Constantine,
the French foreign office announced to
day. The two countries under agree
ment with Greece are entitled to deter
mine the character of the government,
it was announced.
PARIS, Nov. 18.—Great Britain and
France will not recognize a Greek gov
ernment headed by King Constantine,
the French foreign office announced to
day. The two countries under agree
ment with Greece are entitled to deter
mine the character of the government,
it was announced.
PARIS, Nov. 18.—Great Britain and
France will not recognize a Greek gov
ernment headed by King Constantine,
the French foreign office announced to
day. The two countries under agree
ment with Greece are entitled to deter
mine the character of the government,
it was announced.
PARIS, Nov. 18.—Great Britain and
France will not recognize a Greek gov
ernment headed by King Constantine,
the French foreign office announced to
day. The two countries under agree
ment with Greece are entitled to deter
mine the character of the government,
it was announced.
PARIS, Nov. 18.—Great Britain and
France will not recognize a Greek gov
ernment headed by King Constantine,
the French foreign office announced to
day. The two countries under agree
ment with Greece are entitled to deter
mine the character of the government,
it was announced.
