# Carless Campus Cyclists Collide
## 
### 
Slllllllip! Crash! —Two campus cyc
lists came together this morning at
the northwest corner of the gym and
spilled ungracefully in the mud. A
flood of stars and expletives arose.
One of the men fell rather hard
against (he brick corner of the gym
building and as a result has a gashed
head. The other escaped with a sadly
deranged bicycle. Close proximity of
the campus medim saved the day and
the wounds were bound up by "Doc"
Pillsbury.
Slllllllip! Crash! —Two campus cyc
lists came together this morning at
the northwest corner of the gym and
spilled ungracefully in the mud. A
flood of stars and expletives arose.
One of the men fell rather hard
against (he brick corner of the gym
building and as a result has a gashed
head. The other escaped with a sadly
deranged bicycle. Close proximity of
the campus medim saved the day and
the wounds were bound up by "Doc"
Pillsbury.
Slllllllip! Crash! —Two campus cyc
lists came together this morning at
the northwest corner of the gym and
spilled ungracefully in the mud. A
flood of stars and expletives arose.
One of the men fell rather hard
against (he brick corner of the gym
building and as a result has a gashed
head. The other escaped with a sadly
deranged bicycle. Close proximity of
the campus medim saved the day and
the wounds were bound up by "Doc"
Pillsbury.
Slllllllip! Crash! —Two campus cyc
lists came together this morning at
the northwest corner of the gym and
spilled ungracefully in the mud. A
flood of stars and expletives arose.
One of the men fell rather hard
against (he brick corner of the gym
building and as a result has a gashed
head. The other escaped with a sadly
deranged bicycle. Close proximity of
the campus medim saved the day and
the wounds were bound up by "Doc"
Pillsbury.
Slllllllip! Crash! —Two campus cyc
lists came together this morning at
the northwest corner of the gym and
spilled ungracefully in the mud. A
flood of stars and expletives arose.
One of the men fell rather hard
against (he brick corner of the gym
building and as a result has a gashed
head. The other escaped with a sadly
deranged bicycle. Close proximity of
the campus medim saved the day and
the wounds were bound up by "Doc"
Pillsbury.
Slllllllip! Crash! —Two campus cyc
lists came together this morning at
the northwest corner of the gym and
spilled ungracefully in the mud. A
flood of stars and expletives arose.
One of the men fell rather hard
against (he brick corner of the gym
building and as a result has a gashed
head. The other escaped with a sadly
deranged bicycle. Close proximity of
the campus medim saved the day and
the wounds were bound up by "Doc"
Pillsbury.
Slllllllip! Crash! —Two campus cyc
lists came together this morning at
the northwest corner of the gym and
spilled ungracefully in the mud. A
flood of stars and expletives arose.
One of the men fell rather hard
against (he brick corner of the gym
building and as a result has a gashed
head. The other escaped with a sadly
deranged bicycle. Close proximity of
the campus medim saved the day and
the wounds were bound up by "Doc"
Pillsbury.
Slllllllip! Crash! —Two campus cyc
lists came together this morning at
the northwest corner of the gym and
spilled ungracefully in the mud. A
flood of stars and expletives arose.
One of the men fell rather hard
against (he brick corner of the gym
building and as a result has a gashed
head. The other escaped with a sadly
deranged bicycle. Close proximity of
the campus medim saved the day and
the wounds were bound up by "Doc"
Pillsbury.
Slllllllip! Crash! —Two campus cyc
lists came together this morning at
the northwest corner of the gym and
spilled ungracefully in the mud. A
flood of stars and expletives arose.
One of the men fell rather hard
against (he brick corner of the gym
building and as a result has a gashed
head. The other escaped with a sadly
deranged bicycle. Close proximity of
the campus medim saved the day and
the wounds were bound up by "Doc"
Pillsbury.
Slllllllip! Crash! —Two campus cyc
lists came together this morning at
the northwest corner of the gym and
spilled ungracefully in the mud. A
flood of stars and expletives arose.
One of the men fell rather hard
against (he brick corner of the gym
building and as a result has a gashed
head. The other escaped with a sadly
deranged bicycle. Close proximity of
the campus medim saved the day and
the wounds were bound up by "Doc"
Pillsbury.
Slllllllip! Crash! —Two campus cyc
lists came together this morning at
the northwest corner of the gym and
spilled ungracefully in the mud. A
flood of stars and expletives arose.
One of the men fell rather hard
against (he brick corner of the gym
building and as a result has a gashed
head. The other escaped with a sadly
deranged bicycle. Close proximity of
the campus medim saved the day and
the wounds were bound up by "Doc"
Pillsbury.
Slllllllip! Crash! —Two campus cyc
lists came together this morning at
the northwest corner of the gym and
spilled ungracefully in the mud. A
flood of stars and expletives arose.
One of the men fell rather hard
against (he brick corner of the gym
building and as a result has a gashed
head. The other escaped with a sadly
deranged bicycle. Close proximity of
the campus medim saved the day and
the wounds were bound up by "Doc"
Pillsbury.
Slllllllip! Crash! —Two campus cyc
lists came together this morning at
the northwest corner of the gym and
spilled ungracefully in the mud. A
flood of stars and expletives arose.
One of the men fell rather hard
against (he brick corner of the gym
building and as a result has a gashed
head. The other escaped with a sadly
deranged bicycle. Close proximity of
the campus medim saved the day and
the wounds were bound up by "Doc"
Pillsbury.
