# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
NOW . . .
NYLON in the
VASSARETTE MANNER
Vassarette works wonders
with nylon and lastex in
a new girdle so sheer you
can sec through it ... so
controlling it puts every
figure in the fashion mag
azine class. Light boning
at the waist, new tapered
thighline and Vassarette's
glorious, slimming com
fort in between.
$ 5
■ind up
XX/als-fcerfc
Buy Defence Stamp* Her#
NOW . . .
NYLON in the
VASSARETTE MANNER
Vassarette works wonders
with nylon and lastex in
a new girdle so sheer you
can sec through it ... so
controlling it puts every
figure in the fashion mag
azine class. Light boning
at the waist, new tapered
thighline and Vassarette's
glorious, slimming com
fort in between.
$ 5
■ind up
XX/als-fcerfc
Buy Defence Stamp* Her#
NOW . . .
NYLON in the
VASSARETTE MANNER
Vassarette works wonders
with nylon and lastex in
a new girdle so sheer you
can sec through it ... so
controlling it puts every
figure in the fashion mag
azine class. Light boning
at the waist, new tapered
thighline and Vassarette's
glorious, slimming com
fort in between.
$ 5
■ind up
XX/als-fcerfc
Buy Defence Stamp* Her#
NOW . . .
NYLON in the
VASSARETTE MANNER
Vassarette works wonders
with nylon and lastex in
a new girdle so sheer you
can sec through it ... so
controlling it puts every
figure in the fashion mag
azine class. Light boning
at the waist, new tapered
thighline and Vassarette's
glorious, slimming com
fort in between.
$ 5
■ind up
XX/als-fcerfc
Buy Defence Stamp* Her#
NOW . . .
NYLON in the
VASSARETTE MANNER
Vassarette works wonders
with nylon and lastex in
a new girdle so sheer you
can sec through it ... so
controlling it puts every
figure in the fashion mag
azine class. Light boning
at the waist, new tapered
thighline and Vassarette's
glorious, slimming com
fort in between.
$ 5
■ind up
XX/als-fcerfc
Buy Defence Stamp* Her#
NOW . . .
NYLON in the
VASSARETTE MANNER
Vassarette works wonders
with nylon and lastex in
a new girdle so sheer you
can sec through it ... so
controlling it puts every
figure in the fashion mag
azine class. Light boning
at the waist, new tapered
thighline and Vassarette's
glorious, slimming com
fort in between.
$ 5
■ind up
XX/als-fcerfc
Buy Defence Stamp* Her#
NOW . . .
NYLON in the
VASSARETTE MANNER
Vassarette works wonders
with nylon and lastex in
a new girdle so sheer you
can sec through it ... so
controlling it puts every
figure in the fashion mag
azine class. Light boning
at the waist, new tapered
thighline and Vassarette's
glorious, slimming com
fort in between.
$ 5
■ind up
XX/als-fcerfc
Buy Defence Stamp* Her#
NOW . . .
NYLON in the
VASSARETTE MANNER
Vassarette works wonders
with nylon and lastex in
a new girdle so sheer you
can sec through it ... so
controlling it puts every
figure in the fashion mag
azine class. Light boning
at the waist, new tapered
thighline and Vassarette's
glorious, slimming com
fort in between.
$ 5
■ind up
XX/als-fcerfc
Buy Defence Stamp* Her#
NOW . . .
NYLON in the
VASSARETTE MANNER
Vassarette works wonders
with nylon and lastex in
a new girdle so sheer you
can sec through it ... so
controlling it puts every
figure in the fashion mag
azine class. Light boning
at the waist, new tapered
thighline and Vassarette's
glorious, slimming com
fort in between.
$ 5
■ind up
XX/als-fcerfc
Buy Defence Stamp* Her#
NOW . . .
NYLON in the
VASSARETTE MANNER
Vassarette works wonders
with nylon and lastex in
a new girdle so sheer you
can sec through it ... so
controlling it puts every
figure in the fashion mag
azine class. Light boning
at the waist, new tapered
thighline and Vassarette's
glorious, slimming com
fort in between.
$ 5
■ind up
XX/als-fcerfc
Buy Defence Stamp* Her#
NOW . . .
NYLON in the
VASSARETTE MANNER
Vassarette works wonders
with nylon and lastex in
a new girdle so sheer you
can sec through it ... so
controlling it puts every
figure in the fashion mag
azine class. Light boning
at the waist, new tapered
thighline and Vassarette's
glorious, slimming com
fort in between.
$ 5
■ind up
XX/als-fcerfc
Buy Defence Stamp* Her#
NOW . . .
NYLON in the
VASSARETTE MANNER
Vassarette works wonders
with nylon and lastex in
a new girdle so sheer you
can sec through it ... so
controlling it puts every
figure in the fashion mag
azine class. Light boning
at the waist, new tapered
thighline and Vassarette's
glorious, slimming com
fort in between.
$ 5
■ind up
XX/als-fcerfc
Buy Defence Stamp* Her#
NOW . . .
NYLON in the
VASSARETTE MANNER
Vassarette works wonders
with nylon and lastex in
a new girdle so sheer you
can sec through it ... so
controlling it puts every
figure in the fashion mag
azine class. Light boning
at the waist, new tapered
thighline and Vassarette's
glorious, slimming com
fort in between.
$ 5
■ind up
XX/als-fcerfc
Buy Defence Stamp* Her#
NOW . . .
NYLON in the
VASSARETTE MANNER
Vassarette works wonders
with nylon and lastex in
a new girdle so sheer you
can sec through it ... so
controlling it puts every
figure in the fashion mag
azine class. Light boning
at the waist, new tapered
thighline and Vassarette's
glorious, slimming com
fort in between.
$ 5
■ind up
XX/als-fcerfc
Buy Defence Stamp* Her#
NOW . . .
NYLON in the
VASSARETTE MANNER
Vassarette works wonders
with nylon and lastex in
a new girdle so sheer you
can sec through it ... so
controlling it puts every
figure in the fashion mag
azine class. Light boning
at the waist, new tapered
thighline and Vassarette's
glorious, slimming com
fort in between.
$ 5
■ind up
XX/als-fcerfc
Buy Defence Stamp* Her#
NOW . . .
NYLON in the
VASSARETTE MANNER
Vassarette works wonders
with nylon and lastex in
a new girdle so sheer you
can sec through it ... so
controlling it puts every
figure in the fashion mag
azine class. Light boning
at the waist, new tapered
thighline and Vassarette's
glorious, slimming com
fort in between.
$ 5
■ind up
XX/als-fcerfc
Buy Defence Stamp* Her#
NOW . . .
NYLON in the
VASSARETTE MANNER
Vassarette works wonders
with nylon and lastex in
a new girdle so sheer you
can sec through it ... so
controlling it puts every
figure in the fashion mag
azine class. Light boning
at the waist, new tapered
thighline and Vassarette's
glorious, slimming com
fort in between.
$ 5
■ind up
XX/als-fcerfc
Buy Defence Stamp* Her#
NOW . . .
NYLON in the
VASSARETTE MANNER
Vassarette works wonders
with nylon and lastex in
a new girdle so sheer you
can sec through it ... so
controlling it puts every
figure in the fashion mag
azine class. Light boning
at the waist, new tapered
thighline and Vassarette's
glorious, slimming com
fort in between.
$ 5
■ind up
XX/als-fcerfc
Buy Defence Stamp* Her#
