# Carillons Go on Sale Today on Quad, Cellar
## Carillons Co on Sale Today on Quad, Cellar 
### 
Carillons go on sale today on the
Quad and in the Cellar, and will
feature "Totalitarian Activity in
South America," by Professor Gra
ham Stuart of the political science
department.
A new feature entitled "Men
Wanted" outlines all the oppor
tunities that arc available for col
lege students to become officers in
the armed forces. The story, "Tur
key Today," tells of (he role that
modern Turkey is playing in the
world today.
Carillons go on sale today on the
Quad and in the Cellar, and will
feature "Totalitarian Activity in
South America," by Professor Gra
ham Stuart of the political science
department.
A new feature entitled "Men
Wanted" outlines all the oppor
tunities that arc available for col
lege students to become officers in
the armed forces. The story, "Tur
key Today," tells of (he role that
modern Turkey is playing in the
world today.
Carillons go on sale today on the
Quad and in the Cellar, and will
feature "Totalitarian Activity in
South America," by Professor Gra
ham Stuart of the political science
department.
A new feature entitled "Men
Wanted" outlines all the oppor
tunities that arc available for col
lege students to become officers in
the armed forces. The story, "Tur
key Today," tells of (he role that
modern Turkey is playing in the
world today.
Carillons go on sale today on the
Quad and in the Cellar, and will
feature "Totalitarian Activity in
South America," by Professor Gra
ham Stuart of the political science
department.
A new feature entitled "Men
Wanted" outlines all the oppor
tunities that arc available for col
lege students to become officers in
the armed forces. The story, "Tur
key Today," tells of (he role that
modern Turkey is playing in the
world today.
Carillons go on sale today on the
Quad and in the Cellar, and will
feature "Totalitarian Activity in
South America," by Professor Gra
ham Stuart of the political science
department.
A new feature entitled "Men
Wanted" outlines all the oppor
tunities that arc available for col
lege students to become officers in
the armed forces. The story, "Tur
key Today," tells of (he role that
modern Turkey is playing in the
world today.
Carillons go on sale today on the
Quad and in the Cellar, and will
feature "Totalitarian Activity in
South America," by Professor Gra
ham Stuart of the political science
department.
A new feature entitled "Men
Wanted" outlines all the oppor
tunities that arc available for col
lege students to become officers in
the armed forces. The story, "Tur
key Today," tells of (he role that
modern Turkey is playing in the
world today.
Carillons go on sale today on the
Quad and in the Cellar, and will
feature "Totalitarian Activity in
South America," by Professor Gra
ham Stuart of the political science
department.
A new feature entitled "Men
Wanted" outlines all the oppor
tunities that arc available for col
lege students to become officers in
the armed forces. The story, "Tur
key Today," tells of (he role that
modern Turkey is playing in the
world today.
Carillons go on sale today on the
Quad and in the Cellar, and will
feature "Totalitarian Activity in
South America," by Professor Gra
ham Stuart of the political science
department.
A new feature entitled "Men
Wanted" outlines all the oppor
tunities that arc available for col
lege students to become officers in
the armed forces. The story, "Tur
key Today," tells of (he role that
modern Turkey is playing in the
world today.
Carillons go on sale today on the
Quad and in the Cellar, and will
feature "Totalitarian Activity in
South America," by Professor Gra
ham Stuart of the political science
department.
A new feature entitled "Men
Wanted" outlines all the oppor
tunities that arc available for col
lege students to become officers in
the armed forces. The story, "Tur
key Today," tells of (he role that
modern Turkey is playing in the
world today.
Carillons go on sale today on the
Quad and in the Cellar, and will
feature "Totalitarian Activity in
South America," by Professor Gra
ham Stuart of the political science
department.
A new feature entitled "Men
Wanted" outlines all the oppor
tunities that arc available for col
lege students to become officers in
the armed forces. The story, "Tur
key Today," tells of (he role that
modern Turkey is playing in the
world today.
Carillons go on sale today on the
Quad and in the Cellar, and will
feature "Totalitarian Activity in
South America," by Professor Gra
ham Stuart of the political science
department.
A new feature entitled "Men
Wanted" outlines all the oppor
tunities that arc available for col
lege students to become officers in
the armed forces. The story, "Tur
key Today," tells of (he role that
modern Turkey is playing in the
world today.
Carillons go on sale today on the
Quad and in the Cellar, and will
feature "Totalitarian Activity in
South America," by Professor Gra
ham Stuart of the political science
department.
A new feature entitled "Men
Wanted" outlines all the oppor
tunities that arc available for col
lege students to become officers in
the armed forces. The story, "Tur
key Today," tells of (he role that
modern Turkey is playing in the
world today.
Carillons go on sale today on the
Quad and in the Cellar, and will
feature "Totalitarian Activity in
South America," by Professor Gra
ham Stuart of the political science
department.
A new feature entitled "Men
Wanted" outlines all the oppor
tunities that arc available for col
lege students to become officers in
the armed forces. The story, "Tur
key Today," tells of (he role that
modern Turkey is playing in the
world today.
Carillons go on sale today on the
Quad and in the Cellar, and will
feature "Totalitarian Activity in
South America," by Professor Gra
ham Stuart of the political science
department.
A new feature entitled "Men
Wanted" outlines all the oppor
tunities that arc available for col
lege students to become officers in
the armed forces. The story, "Tur
key Today," tells of (he role that
modern Turkey is playing in the
world today.
Carillons go on sale today on the
Quad and in the Cellar, and will
feature "Totalitarian Activity in
South America," by Professor Gra
ham Stuart of the political science
department.
A new feature entitled "Men
Wanted" outlines all the oppor
tunities that arc available for col
lege students to become officers in
the armed forces. The story, "Tur
key Today," tells of (he role that
modern Turkey is playing in the
world today.
Carillons go on sale today on the
Quad and in the Cellar, and will
feature "Totalitarian Activity in
South America," by Professor Gra
ham Stuart of the political science
department.
A new feature entitled "Men
Wanted" outlines all the oppor
tunities that arc available for col
lege students to become officers in
the armed forces. The story, "Tur
key Today," tells of (he role that
modern Turkey is playing in the
world today.
Carillons go on sale today on the
Quad and in the Cellar, and will
feature "Totalitarian Activity in
South America," by Professor Gra
ham Stuart of the political science
department.
A new feature entitled "Men
Wanted" outlines all the oppor
tunities that arc available for col
lege students to become officers in
the armed forces. The story, "Tur
key Today," tells of (he role that
modern Turkey is playing in the
world today.
Carillons go on sale today on the
Quad and in the Cellar, and will
feature "Totalitarian Activity in
South America," by Professor Gra
ham Stuart of the political science
department.
A new feature entitled "Men
Wanted" outlines all the oppor
tunities that arc available for col
lege students to become officers in
the armed forces. The story, "Tur
key Today," tells of (he role that
modern Turkey is playing in the
world today.
