# Faculty Member Will Speak Friday
## 
### 
Speaking on the subject, "Youth's
Ideals in a World at War," Harry
Rathbun, member of the Stanford
law faculty, will address the West
ern Association of Deans and Ad
visers of College Men Friday night
at the Fairmont Hotel in San Fran
cisco.
Dean Bunn of Stanford is the out
going president. The theme of the
convention will be based upon coun
seling the college man.
Speaking on the subject, "Youth's
Ideals in a World at War," Harry
Rathbun, member of the Stanford
law faculty, will address the West
ern Association of Deans and Ad
visers of College Men Friday night
at the Fairmont Hotel in San Fran
cisco.
Dean Bunn of Stanford is the out
going president. The theme of the
convention will be based upon coun
seling the college man.
Speaking on the subject, "Youth's
Ideals in a World at War," Harry
Rathbun, member of the Stanford
law faculty, will address the West
ern Association of Deans and Ad
visers of College Men Friday night
at the Fairmont Hotel in San Fran
cisco.
Dean Bunn of Stanford is the out
going president. The theme of the
convention will be based upon coun
seling the college man.
Speaking on the subject, "Youth's
Ideals in a World at War," Harry
Rathbun, member of the Stanford
law faculty, will address the West
ern Association of Deans and Ad
visers of College Men Friday night
at the Fairmont Hotel in San Fran
cisco.
Dean Bunn of Stanford is the out
going president. The theme of the
convention will be based upon coun
seling the college man.
Speaking on the subject, "Youth's
Ideals in a World at War," Harry
Rathbun, member of the Stanford
law faculty, will address the West
ern Association of Deans and Ad
visers of College Men Friday night
at the Fairmont Hotel in San Fran
cisco.
Dean Bunn of Stanford is the out
going president. The theme of the
convention will be based upon coun
seling the college man.
Speaking on the subject, "Youth's
Ideals in a World at War," Harry
Rathbun, member of the Stanford
law faculty, will address the West
ern Association of Deans and Ad
visers of College Men Friday night
at the Fairmont Hotel in San Fran
cisco.
Dean Bunn of Stanford is the out
going president. The theme of the
convention will be based upon coun
seling the college man.
Speaking on the subject, "Youth's
Ideals in a World at War," Harry
Rathbun, member of the Stanford
law faculty, will address the West
ern Association of Deans and Ad
visers of College Men Friday night
at the Fairmont Hotel in San Fran
cisco.
Dean Bunn of Stanford is the out
going president. The theme of the
convention will be based upon coun
seling the college man.
Speaking on the subject, "Youth's
Ideals in a World at War," Harry
Rathbun, member of the Stanford
law faculty, will address the West
ern Association of Deans and Ad
visers of College Men Friday night
at the Fairmont Hotel in San Fran
cisco.
Dean Bunn of Stanford is the out
going president. The theme of the
convention will be based upon coun
seling the college man.
Speaking on the subject, "Youth's
Ideals in a World at War," Harry
Rathbun, member of the Stanford
law faculty, will address the West
ern Association of Deans and Ad
visers of College Men Friday night
at the Fairmont Hotel in San Fran
cisco.
Dean Bunn of Stanford is the out
going president. The theme of the
convention will be based upon coun
seling the college man.
Speaking on the subject, "Youth's
Ideals in a World at War," Harry
Rathbun, member of the Stanford
law faculty, will address the West
ern Association of Deans and Ad
visers of College Men Friday night
at the Fairmont Hotel in San Fran
cisco.
Dean Bunn of Stanford is the out
going president. The theme of the
convention will be based upon coun
seling the college man.
Speaking on the subject, "Youth's
Ideals in a World at War," Harry
Rathbun, member of the Stanford
law faculty, will address the West
ern Association of Deans and Ad
visers of College Men Friday night
at the Fairmont Hotel in San Fran
cisco.
Dean Bunn of Stanford is the out
going president. The theme of the
convention will be based upon coun
seling the college man.
Speaking on the subject, "Youth's
Ideals in a World at War," Harry
Rathbun, member of the Stanford
law faculty, will address the West
ern Association of Deans and Ad
visers of College Men Friday night
at the Fairmont Hotel in San Fran
cisco.
Dean Bunn of Stanford is the out
going president. The theme of the
convention will be based upon coun
seling the college man.
Speaking on the subject, "Youth's
Ideals in a World at War," Harry
Rathbun, member of the Stanford
law faculty, will address the West
ern Association of Deans and Ad
visers of College Men Friday night
at the Fairmont Hotel in San Fran
cisco.
Dean Bunn of Stanford is the out
going president. The theme of the
convention will be based upon coun
seling the college man.
Speaking on the subject, "Youth's
Ideals in a World at War," Harry
Rathbun, member of the Stanford
law faculty, will address the West
ern Association of Deans and Ad
visers of College Men Friday night
at the Fairmont Hotel in San Fran
cisco.
Dean Bunn of Stanford is the out
going president. The theme of the
convention will be based upon coun
seling the college man.
Speaking on the subject, "Youth's
Ideals in a World at War," Harry
Rathbun, member of the Stanford
law faculty, will address the West
ern Association of Deans and Ad
visers of College Men Friday night
at the Fairmont Hotel in San Fran
cisco.
Dean Bunn of Stanford is the out
going president. The theme of the
convention will be based upon coun
seling the college man.
Speaking on the subject, "Youth's
Ideals in a World at War," Harry
Rathbun, member of the Stanford
law faculty, will address the West
ern Association of Deans and Ad
visers of College Men Friday night
at the Fairmont Hotel in San Fran
cisco.
Dean Bunn of Stanford is the out
going president. The theme of the
convention will be based upon coun
seling the college man.
Speaking on the subject, "Youth's
Ideals in a World at War," Harry
Rathbun, member of the Stanford
law faculty, will address the West
ern Association of Deans and Ad
visers of College Men Friday night
at the Fairmont Hotel in San Fran
cisco.
Dean Bunn of Stanford is the out
going president. The theme of the
convention will be based upon coun
seling the college man.
Speaking on the subject, "Youth's
Ideals in a World at War," Harry
Rathbun, member of the Stanford
law faculty, will address the West
ern Association of Deans and Ad
visers of College Men Friday night
at the Fairmont Hotel in San Fran
cisco.
Dean Bunn of Stanford is the out
going president. The theme of the
convention will be based upon coun
seling the college man.
