# EXCHANGE DINNER
## 
### 
Members of Encina Council will
have an exchange dinner with Casa
Ventura at the Commons tonight.
Entertainment will be held at Ven
tura following the dinner.
Members of Encina Council will
have an exchange dinner with Casa
Ventura at the Commons tonight.
Entertainment will be held at Ven
tura following the dinner.
Members of Encina Council will
have an exchange dinner with Casa
Ventura at the Commons tonight.
Entertainment will be held at Ven
tura following the dinner.
Members of Encina Council will
have an exchange dinner with Casa
Ventura at the Commons tonight.
Entertainment will be held at Ven
tura following the dinner.
Members of Encina Council will
have an exchange dinner with Casa
Ventura at the Commons tonight.
Entertainment will be held at Ven
tura following the dinner.
Members of Encina Council will
have an exchange dinner with Casa
Ventura at the Commons tonight.
Entertainment will be held at Ven
tura following the dinner.
Members of Encina Council will
have an exchange dinner with Casa
Ventura at the Commons tonight.
Entertainment will be held at Ven
tura following the dinner.
Members of Encina Council will
have an exchange dinner with Casa
Ventura at the Commons tonight.
Entertainment will be held at Ven
tura following the dinner.
Members of Encina Council will
have an exchange dinner with Casa
Ventura at the Commons tonight.
Entertainment will be held at Ven
tura following the dinner.
Members of Encina Council will
have an exchange dinner with Casa
Ventura at the Commons tonight.
Entertainment will be held at Ven
tura following the dinner.
Members of Encina Council will
have an exchange dinner with Casa
Ventura at the Commons tonight.
Entertainment will be held at Ven
tura following the dinner.
Members of Encina Council will
have an exchange dinner with Casa
Ventura at the Commons tonight.
Entertainment will be held at Ven
tura following the dinner.
Members of Encina Council will
have an exchange dinner with Casa
Ventura at the Commons tonight.
Entertainment will be held at Ven
tura following the dinner.
Members of Encina Council will
have an exchange dinner with Casa
Ventura at the Commons tonight.
Entertainment will be held at Ven
tura following the dinner.
Members of Encina Council will
have an exchange dinner with Casa
Ventura at the Commons tonight.
Entertainment will be held at Ven
tura following the dinner.
Members of Encina Council will
have an exchange dinner with Casa
Ventura at the Commons tonight.
Entertainment will be held at Ven
tura following the dinner.
Members of Encina Council will
have an exchange dinner with Casa
Ventura at the Commons tonight.
Entertainment will be held at Ven
tura following the dinner.
Members of Encina Council will
have an exchange dinner with Casa
Ventura at the Commons tonight.
Entertainment will be held at Ven
tura following the dinner.
