# FARM SKIERS FROLIC AT YOSEMITE
## 
### 

THE SNOW IS DEEP and fast at Yoscmite these days, and Stanford's ski enthusiasts are taking advantage of it. Seen often on the hills at
Badger Pass this winter are the four Stanfordites shown above. Upper left, Theta Virginia Finch takes time out for a rest and a smile for the
cameraman. The fine art of making headway on skis without the help of gravity is demonstrated in the upper right photo by Thcta Betty Board
man. while Zete Jack Ditz (lower left) and Alpha Delt Boh Blatt show how it's done on the steep grades.

THE SNOW IS DEEP and fast at Yoscmite these days, and Stanford's ski enthusiasts are taking advantage of it. Seen often on the hills at
Badger Pass this winter are the four Stanfordites shown above. Upper left, Theta Virginia Finch takes time out for a rest and a smile for the
cameraman. The fine art of making headway on skis without the help of gravity is demonstrated in the upper right photo by Thcta Betty Board
man. while Zete Jack Ditz (lower left) and Alpha Delt Boh Blatt show how it's done on the steep grades.

THE SNOW IS DEEP and fast at Yoscmite these days, and Stanford's ski enthusiasts are taking advantage of it. Seen often on the hills at
Badger Pass this winter are the four Stanfordites shown above. Upper left, Theta Virginia Finch takes time out for a rest and a smile for the
cameraman. The fine art of making headway on skis without the help of gravity is demonstrated in the upper right photo by Thcta Betty Board
man. while Zete Jack Ditz (lower left) and Alpha Delt Boh Blatt show how it's done on the steep grades.

THE SNOW IS DEEP and fast at Yoscmite these days, and Stanford's ski enthusiasts are taking advantage of it. Seen often on the hills at
Badger Pass this winter are the four Stanfordites shown above. Upper left, Theta Virginia Finch takes time out for a rest and a smile for the
cameraman. The fine art of making headway on skis without the help of gravity is demonstrated in the upper right photo by Thcta Betty Board
man. while Zete Jack Ditz (lower left) and Alpha Delt Boh Blatt show how it's done on the steep grades.

THE SNOW IS DEEP and fast at Yoscmite these days, and Stanford's ski enthusiasts are taking advantage of it. Seen often on the hills at
Badger Pass this winter are the four Stanfordites shown above. Upper left, Theta Virginia Finch takes time out for a rest and a smile for the
cameraman. The fine art of making headway on skis without the help of gravity is demonstrated in the upper right photo by Thcta Betty Board
man. while Zete Jack Ditz (lower left) and Alpha Delt Boh Blatt show how it's done on the steep grades.

THE SNOW IS DEEP and fast at Yoscmite these days, and Stanford's ski enthusiasts are taking advantage of it. Seen often on the hills at
Badger Pass this winter are the four Stanfordites shown above. Upper left, Theta Virginia Finch takes time out for a rest and a smile for the
cameraman. The fine art of making headway on skis without the help of gravity is demonstrated in the upper right photo by Thcta Betty Board
man. while Zete Jack Ditz (lower left) and Alpha Delt Boh Blatt show how it's done on the steep grades.

THE SNOW IS DEEP and fast at Yoscmite these days, and Stanford's ski enthusiasts are taking advantage of it. Seen often on the hills at
Badger Pass this winter are the four Stanfordites shown above. Upper left, Theta Virginia Finch takes time out for a rest and a smile for the
cameraman. The fine art of making headway on skis without the help of gravity is demonstrated in the upper right photo by Thcta Betty Board
man. while Zete Jack Ditz (lower left) and Alpha Delt Boh Blatt show how it's done on the steep grades.

THE SNOW IS DEEP and fast at Yoscmite these days, and Stanford's ski enthusiasts are taking advantage of it. Seen often on the hills at
Badger Pass this winter are the four Stanfordites shown above. Upper left, Theta Virginia Finch takes time out for a rest and a smile for the
cameraman. The fine art of making headway on skis without the help of gravity is demonstrated in the upper right photo by Thcta Betty Board
man. while Zete Jack Ditz (lower left) and Alpha Delt Boh Blatt show how it's done on the steep grades.

THE SNOW IS DEEP and fast at Yoscmite these days, and Stanford's ski enthusiasts are taking advantage of it. Seen often on the hills at
Badger Pass this winter are the four Stanfordites shown above. Upper left, Theta Virginia Finch takes time out for a rest and a smile for the
cameraman. The fine art of making headway on skis without the help of gravity is demonstrated in the upper right photo by Thcta Betty Board
man. while Zete Jack Ditz (lower left) and Alpha Delt Boh Blatt show how it's done on the steep grades.

THE SNOW IS DEEP and fast at Yoscmite these days, and Stanford's ski enthusiasts are taking advantage of it. Seen often on the hills at
Badger Pass this winter are the four Stanfordites shown above. Upper left, Theta Virginia Finch takes time out for a rest and a smile for the
cameraman. The fine art of making headway on skis without the help of gravity is demonstrated in the upper right photo by Thcta Betty Board
man. while Zete Jack Ditz (lower left) and Alpha Delt Boh Blatt show how it's done on the steep grades.

THE SNOW IS DEEP and fast at Yoscmite these days, and Stanford's ski enthusiasts are taking advantage of it. Seen often on the hills at
Badger Pass this winter are the four Stanfordites shown above. Upper left, Theta Virginia Finch takes time out for a rest and a smile for the
cameraman. The fine art of making headway on skis without the help of gravity is demonstrated in the upper right photo by Thcta Betty Board
man. while Zete Jack Ditz (lower left) and Alpha Delt Boh Blatt show how it's done on the steep grades.

THE SNOW IS DEEP and fast at Yoscmite these days, and Stanford's ski enthusiasts are taking advantage of it. Seen often on the hills at
Badger Pass this winter are the four Stanfordites shown above. Upper left, Theta Virginia Finch takes time out for a rest and a smile for the
cameraman. The fine art of making headway on skis without the help of gravity is demonstrated in the upper right photo by Thcta Betty Board
man. while Zete Jack Ditz (lower left) and Alpha Delt Boh Blatt show how it's done on the steep grades.

THE SNOW IS DEEP and fast at Yoscmite these days, and Stanford's ski enthusiasts are taking advantage of it. Seen often on the hills at
Badger Pass this winter are the four Stanfordites shown above. Upper left, Theta Virginia Finch takes time out for a rest and a smile for the
cameraman. The fine art of making headway on skis without the help of gravity is demonstrated in the upper right photo by Thcta Betty Board
man. while Zete Jack Ditz (lower left) and Alpha Delt Boh Blatt show how it's done on the steep grades.

THE SNOW IS DEEP and fast at Yoscmite these days, and Stanford's ski enthusiasts are taking advantage of it. Seen often on the hills at
Badger Pass this winter are the four Stanfordites shown above. Upper left, Theta Virginia Finch takes time out for a rest and a smile for the
cameraman. The fine art of making headway on skis without the help of gravity is demonstrated in the upper right photo by Thcta Betty Board
man. while Zete Jack Ditz (lower left) and Alpha Delt Boh Blatt show how it's done on the steep grades.

THE SNOW IS DEEP and fast at Yoscmite these days, and Stanford's ski enthusiasts are taking advantage of it. Seen often on the hills at
Badger Pass this winter are the four Stanfordites shown above. Upper left, Theta Virginia Finch takes time out for a rest and a smile for the
cameraman. The fine art of making headway on skis without the help of gravity is demonstrated in the upper right photo by Thcta Betty Board
man. while Zete Jack Ditz (lower left) and Alpha Delt Boh Blatt show how it's done on the steep grades.

THE SNOW IS DEEP and fast at Yoscmite these days, and Stanford's ski enthusiasts are taking advantage of it. Seen often on the hills at
Badger Pass this winter are the four Stanfordites shown above. Upper left, Theta Virginia Finch takes time out for a rest and a smile for the
cameraman. The fine art of making headway on skis without the help of gravity is demonstrated in the upper right photo by Thcta Betty Board
man. while Zete Jack Ditz (lower left) and Alpha Delt Boh Blatt show how it's done on the steep grades.

THE SNOW IS DEEP and fast at Yoscmite these days, and Stanford's ski enthusiasts are taking advantage of it. Seen often on the hills at
Badger Pass this winter are the four Stanfordites shown above. Upper left, Theta Virginia Finch takes time out for a rest and a smile for the
cameraman. The fine art of making headway on skis without the help of gravity is demonstrated in the upper right photo by Thcta Betty Board
man. while Zete Jack Ditz (lower left) and Alpha Delt Boh Blatt show how it's done on the steep grades.

THE SNOW IS DEEP and fast at Yoscmite these days, and Stanford's ski enthusiasts are taking advantage of it. Seen often on the hills at
Badger Pass this winter are the four Stanfordites shown above. Upper left, Theta Virginia Finch takes time out for a rest and a smile for the
cameraman. The fine art of making headway on skis without the help of gravity is demonstrated in the upper right photo by Thcta Betty Board
man. while Zete Jack Ditz (lower left) and Alpha Delt Boh Blatt show how it's done on the steep grades.
