# Long and Short
## 
### 

TIIKSE TWO MolTcU Field cadets
represent the pictorial answer to
the question of how tall or short
applicants for the Air Corps may
be. William J. Gill, of Phoenix, is
0 feet 4 inches tall, and just
squeezed by. Cadet Jack Ncwhall,
also of Phoenix, just made the
lower limit of 5 feet 4 inches.

TIIKSE TWO MolTcU Field cadets
represent the pictorial answer to
the question of how tall or short
applicants for the Air Corps may
be. William J. Gill, of Phoenix, is
0 feet 4 inches tall, and just
squeezed by. Cadet Jack Ncwhall,
also of Phoenix, just made the
lower limit of 5 feet 4 inches.

TIIKSE TWO MolTcU Field cadets
represent the pictorial answer to
the question of how tall or short
applicants for the Air Corps may
be. William J. Gill, of Phoenix, is
0 feet 4 inches tall, and just
squeezed by. Cadet Jack Ncwhall,
also of Phoenix, just made the
lower limit of 5 feet 4 inches.

TIIKSE TWO MolTcU Field cadets
represent the pictorial answer to
the question of how tall or short
applicants for the Air Corps may
be. William J. Gill, of Phoenix, is
0 feet 4 inches tall, and just
squeezed by. Cadet Jack Ncwhall,
also of Phoenix, just made the
lower limit of 5 feet 4 inches.

TIIKSE TWO MolTcU Field cadets
represent the pictorial answer to
the question of how tall or short
applicants for the Air Corps may
be. William J. Gill, of Phoenix, is
0 feet 4 inches tall, and just
squeezed by. Cadet Jack Ncwhall,
also of Phoenix, just made the
lower limit of 5 feet 4 inches.

TIIKSE TWO MolTcU Field cadets
represent the pictorial answer to
the question of how tall or short
applicants for the Air Corps may
be. William J. Gill, of Phoenix, is
0 feet 4 inches tall, and just
squeezed by. Cadet Jack Ncwhall,
also of Phoenix, just made the
lower limit of 5 feet 4 inches.

TIIKSE TWO MolTcU Field cadets
represent the pictorial answer to
the question of how tall or short
applicants for the Air Corps may
be. William J. Gill, of Phoenix, is
0 feet 4 inches tall, and just
squeezed by. Cadet Jack Ncwhall,
also of Phoenix, just made the
lower limit of 5 feet 4 inches.

TIIKSE TWO MolTcU Field cadets
represent the pictorial answer to
the question of how tall or short
applicants for the Air Corps may
be. William J. Gill, of Phoenix, is
0 feet 4 inches tall, and just
squeezed by. Cadet Jack Ncwhall,
also of Phoenix, just made the
lower limit of 5 feet 4 inches.

TIIKSE TWO MolTcU Field cadets
represent the pictorial answer to
the question of how tall or short
applicants for the Air Corps may
be. William J. Gill, of Phoenix, is
0 feet 4 inches tall, and just
squeezed by. Cadet Jack Ncwhall,
also of Phoenix, just made the
lower limit of 5 feet 4 inches.

TIIKSE TWO MolTcU Field cadets
represent the pictorial answer to
the question of how tall or short
applicants for the Air Corps may
be. William J. Gill, of Phoenix, is
0 feet 4 inches tall, and just
squeezed by. Cadet Jack Ncwhall,
also of Phoenix, just made the
lower limit of 5 feet 4 inches.

TIIKSE TWO MolTcU Field cadets
represent the pictorial answer to
the question of how tall or short
applicants for the Air Corps may
be. William J. Gill, of Phoenix, is
0 feet 4 inches tall, and just
squeezed by. Cadet Jack Ncwhall,
also of Phoenix, just made the
lower limit of 5 feet 4 inches.

TIIKSE TWO MolTcU Field cadets
represent the pictorial answer to
the question of how tall or short
applicants for the Air Corps may
be. William J. Gill, of Phoenix, is
0 feet 4 inches tall, and just
squeezed by. Cadet Jack Ncwhall,
also of Phoenix, just made the
lower limit of 5 feet 4 inches.

TIIKSE TWO MolTcU Field cadets
represent the pictorial answer to
the question of how tall or short
applicants for the Air Corps may
be. William J. Gill, of Phoenix, is
0 feet 4 inches tall, and just
squeezed by. Cadet Jack Ncwhall,
also of Phoenix, just made the
lower limit of 5 feet 4 inches.

TIIKSE TWO MolTcU Field cadets
represent the pictorial answer to
the question of how tall or short
applicants for the Air Corps may
be. William J. Gill, of Phoenix, is
0 feet 4 inches tall, and just
squeezed by. Cadet Jack Ncwhall,
also of Phoenix, just made the
lower limit of 5 feet 4 inches.

TIIKSE TWO MolTcU Field cadets
represent the pictorial answer to
the question of how tall or short
applicants for the Air Corps may
be. William J. Gill, of Phoenix, is
0 feet 4 inches tall, and just
squeezed by. Cadet Jack Ncwhall,
also of Phoenix, just made the
lower limit of 5 feet 4 inches.

TIIKSE TWO MolTcU Field cadets
represent the pictorial answer to
the question of how tall or short
applicants for the Air Corps may
be. William J. Gill, of Phoenix, is
0 feet 4 inches tall, and just
squeezed by. Cadet Jack Ncwhall,
also of Phoenix, just made the
lower limit of 5 feet 4 inches.

TIIKSE TWO MolTcU Field cadets
represent the pictorial answer to
the question of how tall or short
applicants for the Air Corps may
be. William J. Gill, of Phoenix, is
0 feet 4 inches tall, and just
squeezed by. Cadet Jack Ncwhall,
also of Phoenix, just made the
lower limit of 5 feet 4 inches.

TIIKSE TWO MolTcU Field cadets
represent the pictorial answer to
the question of how tall or short
applicants for the Air Corps may
be. William J. Gill, of Phoenix, is
0 feet 4 inches tall, and just
squeezed by. Cadet Jack Ncwhall,
also of Phoenix, just made the
lower limit of 5 feet 4 inches.
