# Women To Hold Summer Quarter Tennis Tournament
## 
### 
Plans for a summer quarter women's
handicap tennis tournament are well
under way, according to Miss Gertrude
Hawley, women's tennis coach. All
registered women students will be eli
gible whether taking tennis for credit
or not. A tentative date of August 1 has
been set in order to allow time for
practice for prospective entrants. For
further information see Miss Hawley
or Amelia Baer.
Plans for a summer quarter women's
handicap tennis tournament are well
under way, according to Miss Gertrude
Hawley, women's tennis coach. All
registered women students will be eli
gible whether taking tennis for credit
or not. A tentative date of August 1 has
been set in order to allow time for
practice for prospective entrants. For
further information see Miss Hawley
or Amelia Baer.
Plans for a summer quarter women's
handicap tennis tournament are well
under way, according to Miss Gertrude
Hawley, women's tennis coach. All
registered women students will be eli
gible whether taking tennis for credit
or not. A tentative date of August 1 has
been set in order to allow time for
practice for prospective entrants. For
further information see Miss Hawley
or Amelia Baer.
Plans for a summer quarter women's
handicap tennis tournament are well
under way, according to Miss Gertrude
Hawley, women's tennis coach. All
registered women students will be eli
gible whether taking tennis for credit
or not. A tentative date of August 1 has
been set in order to allow time for
practice for prospective entrants. For
further information see Miss Hawley
or Amelia Baer.
Plans for a summer quarter women's
handicap tennis tournament are well
under way, according to Miss Gertrude
Hawley, women's tennis coach. All
registered women students will be eli
gible whether taking tennis for credit
or not. A tentative date of August 1 has
been set in order to allow time for
practice for prospective entrants. For
further information see Miss Hawley
or Amelia Baer.
Plans for a summer quarter women's
handicap tennis tournament are well
under way, according to Miss Gertrude
Hawley, women's tennis coach. All
registered women students will be eli
gible whether taking tennis for credit
or not. A tentative date of August 1 has
been set in order to allow time for
practice for prospective entrants. For
further information see Miss Hawley
or Amelia Baer.
Plans for a summer quarter women's
handicap tennis tournament are well
under way, according to Miss Gertrude
Hawley, women's tennis coach. All
registered women students will be eli
gible whether taking tennis for credit
or not. A tentative date of August 1 has
been set in order to allow time for
practice for prospective entrants. For
further information see Miss Hawley
or Amelia Baer.
Plans for a summer quarter women's
handicap tennis tournament are well
under way, according to Miss Gertrude
Hawley, women's tennis coach. All
registered women students will be eli
gible whether taking tennis for credit
or not. A tentative date of August 1 has
been set in order to allow time for
practice for prospective entrants. For
further information see Miss Hawley
or Amelia Baer.
Plans for a summer quarter women's
handicap tennis tournament are well
under way, according to Miss Gertrude
Hawley, women's tennis coach. All
registered women students will be eli
gible whether taking tennis for credit
or not. A tentative date of August 1 has
been set in order to allow time for
practice for prospective entrants. For
further information see Miss Hawley
or Amelia Baer.
Plans for a summer quarter women's
handicap tennis tournament are well
under way, according to Miss Gertrude
Hawley, women's tennis coach. All
registered women students will be eli
gible whether taking tennis for credit
or not. A tentative date of August 1 has
been set in order to allow time for
practice for prospective entrants. For
further information see Miss Hawley
or Amelia Baer.
Plans for a summer quarter women's
handicap tennis tournament are well
under way, according to Miss Gertrude
Hawley, women's tennis coach. All
registered women students will be eli
gible whether taking tennis for credit
or not. A tentative date of August 1 has
been set in order to allow time for
practice for prospective entrants. For
further information see Miss Hawley
or Amelia Baer.
Plans for a summer quarter women's
handicap tennis tournament are well
under way, according to Miss Gertrude
Hawley, women's tennis coach. All
registered women students will be eli
gible whether taking tennis for credit
or not. A tentative date of August 1 has
been set in order to allow time for
practice for prospective entrants. For
further information see Miss Hawley
or Amelia Baer.
Plans for a summer quarter women's
handicap tennis tournament are well
under way, according to Miss Gertrude
Hawley, women's tennis coach. All
registered women students will be eli
gible whether taking tennis for credit
or not. A tentative date of August 1 has
been set in order to allow time for
practice for prospective entrants. For
further information see Miss Hawley
or Amelia Baer.
Plans for a summer quarter women's
handicap tennis tournament are well
under way, according to Miss Gertrude
Hawley, women's tennis coach. All
registered women students will be eli
gible whether taking tennis for credit
or not. A tentative date of August 1 has
been set in order to allow time for
practice for prospective entrants. For
further information see Miss Hawley
or Amelia Baer.
