# B.A. CANDIDATES
## 
### 
Candidates for the degree of Bachelor
of Arts at the close of the present
quarter should file applications at the
Registrar's office as soon as possible.
Application blanks may be obtained at
the Information desk in the Adminis
tration Building.
Candidates for the degree of Bachelor
of Arts at the close of the present
quarter should file applications at the
Registrar's office as soon as possible.
Application blanks may be obtained at
the Information desk in the Adminis
tration Building.
Candidates for the degree of Bachelor
of Arts at the close of the present
quarter should file applications at the
Registrar's office as soon as possible.
Application blanks may be obtained at
the Information desk in the Adminis
tration Building.
Candidates for the degree of Bachelor
of Arts at the close of the present
quarter should file applications at the
Registrar's office as soon as possible.
Application blanks may be obtained at
the Information desk in the Adminis
tration Building.
Candidates for the degree of Bachelor
of Arts at the close of the present
quarter should file applications at the
Registrar's office as soon as possible.
Application blanks may be obtained at
the Information desk in the Adminis
tration Building.
Candidates for the degree of Bachelor
of Arts at the close of the present
quarter should file applications at the
Registrar's office as soon as possible.
Application blanks may be obtained at
the Information desk in the Adminis
tration Building.
Candidates for the degree of Bachelor
of Arts at the close of the present
quarter should file applications at the
Registrar's office as soon as possible.
Application blanks may be obtained at
the Information desk in the Adminis
tration Building.
Candidates for the degree of Bachelor
of Arts at the close of the present
quarter should file applications at the
Registrar's office as soon as possible.
Application blanks may be obtained at
the Information desk in the Adminis
tration Building.
Candidates for the degree of Bachelor
of Arts at the close of the present
quarter should file applications at the
Registrar's office as soon as possible.
Application blanks may be obtained at
the Information desk in the Adminis
tration Building.
Candidates for the degree of Bachelor
of Arts at the close of the present
quarter should file applications at the
Registrar's office as soon as possible.
Application blanks may be obtained at
the Information desk in the Adminis
tration Building.
Candidates for the degree of Bachelor
of Arts at the close of the present
quarter should file applications at the
Registrar's office as soon as possible.
Application blanks may be obtained at
the Information desk in the Adminis
tration Building.
Candidates for the degree of Bachelor
of Arts at the close of the present
quarter should file applications at the
Registrar's office as soon as possible.
Application blanks may be obtained at
the Information desk in the Adminis
tration Building.
Candidates for the degree of Bachelor
of Arts at the close of the present
quarter should file applications at the
Registrar's office as soon as possible.
Application blanks may be obtained at
the Information desk in the Adminis
tration Building.
Candidates for the degree of Bachelor
of Arts at the close of the present
quarter should file applications at the
Registrar's office as soon as possible.
Application blanks may be obtained at
the Information desk in the Adminis
tration Building.
