# Today Is Deadline For Payment Of Syllabus Fees
## 
### 
Today is the last day to pay syllabus
fees without a $2 fine. The cashier's
office will be open from 8 to 12 o'clock,
and 1 to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to pay syllabus
fees without a $2 fine. The cashier's
office will be open from 8 to 12 o'clock,
and 1 to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to pay syllabus
fees without a $2 fine. The cashier's
office will be open from 8 to 12 o'clock,
and 1 to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to pay syllabus
fees without a $2 fine. The cashier's
office will be open from 8 to 12 o'clock,
and 1 to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to pay syllabus
fees without a $2 fine. The cashier's
office will be open from 8 to 12 o'clock,
and 1 to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to pay syllabus
fees without a $2 fine. The cashier's
office will be open from 8 to 12 o'clock,
and 1 to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to pay syllabus
fees without a $2 fine. The cashier's
office will be open from 8 to 12 o'clock,
and 1 to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to pay syllabus
fees without a $2 fine. The cashier's
office will be open from 8 to 12 o'clock,
and 1 to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to pay syllabus
fees without a $2 fine. The cashier's
office will be open from 8 to 12 o'clock,
and 1 to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to pay syllabus
fees without a $2 fine. The cashier's
office will be open from 8 to 12 o'clock,
and 1 to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to pay syllabus
fees without a $2 fine. The cashier's
office will be open from 8 to 12 o'clock,
and 1 to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to pay syllabus
fees without a $2 fine. The cashier's
office will be open from 8 to 12 o'clock,
and 1 to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to pay syllabus
fees without a $2 fine. The cashier's
office will be open from 8 to 12 o'clock,
and 1 to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to pay syllabus
fees without a $2 fine. The cashier's
office will be open from 8 to 12 o'clock,
and 1 to 5 o'clock.
