# Adv. 14 Page 6
## 
### 
Funny things
happen at college
newspapers.
Communication
between
departments isn't
always so great.
Stories get
assigned twice. Or
never at all. Photos
are made too big.
Or too small. And
the business
department
sometime* give
the editoria
department
strange spaces line
this one to fill with
interesting
graphics and
exciting copy.
Only that isn't so
easy. What can
you do with a
space about an
inch-and-a-half
wide by 13 inches
tall? Not much.
That's where you
fit in. We don't
mean you fit in a
IViby 13 inch
space; that was
just figurative
language. What we
do mean is that
there's a place for
you at The
Stanford Daily.
Drop by and pick
up a story
assignment. And
tell us your ideas
for filling a 1 1 /2 by
13 inch space.
Funny things
happen at college
newspapers.
Communication
between
departments isn't
always so great.
Stories get
assigned twice. Or
never at all. Photos
are made too big.
Or too small. And
the business
department
sometime* give
the editoria
department
strange spaces line
this one to fill with
interesting
graphics and
exciting copy.
Only that isn't so
easy. What can
you do with a
space about an
inch-and-a-half
wide by 13 inches
tall? Not much.
That's where you
fit in. We don't
mean you fit in a
IViby 13 inch
space; that was
just figurative
language. What we
do mean is that
there's a place for
you at The
Stanford Daily.
Drop by and pick
up a story
assignment. And
tell us your ideas
for filling a 1 1 /2 by
13 inch space.
Funny things
happen at college
newspapers.
Communication
between
departments isn't
always so great.
Stories get
assigned twice. Or
never at all. Photos
are made too big.
Or too small. And
the business
department
sometime* give
the editoria
department
strange spaces line
this one to fill with
interesting
graphics and
exciting copy.
Only that isn't so
easy. What can
you do with a
space about an
inch-and-a-half
wide by 13 inches
tall? Not much.
That's where you
fit in. We don't
mean you fit in a
IViby 13 inch
space; that was
just figurative
language. What we
do mean is that
there's a place for
you at The
Stanford Daily.
Drop by and pick
up a story
assignment. And
tell us your ideas
for filling a 1 1 /2 by
13 inch space.
Funny things
happen at college
newspapers.
Communication
between
departments isn't
always so great.
Stories get
assigned twice. Or
never at all. Photos
are made too big.
Or too small. And
the business
department
sometime* give
the editoria
department
strange spaces line
this one to fill with
interesting
graphics and
exciting copy.
Only that isn't so
easy. What can
you do with a
space about an
inch-and-a-half
wide by 13 inches
tall? Not much.
That's where you
fit in. We don't
mean you fit in a
IViby 13 inch
space; that was
just figurative
language. What we
do mean is that
there's a place for
you at The
Stanford Daily.
Drop by and pick
up a story
assignment. And
tell us your ideas
for filling a 1 1 /2 by
13 inch space.
Funny things
happen at college
newspapers.
Communication
between
departments isn't
always so great.
Stories get
assigned twice. Or
never at all. Photos
are made too big.
Or too small. And
the business
department
sometime* give
the editoria
department
strange spaces line
this one to fill with
interesting
graphics and
exciting copy.
Only that isn't so
easy. What can
you do with a
space about an
inch-and-a-half
wide by 13 inches
tall? Not much.
That's where you
fit in. We don't
mean you fit in a
IViby 13 inch
space; that was
just figurative
language. What we
do mean is that
there's a place for
you at The
Stanford Daily.
Drop by and pick
up a story
assignment. And
tell us your ideas
for filling a 1 1 /2 by
13 inch space.
Funny things
happen at college
newspapers.
Communication
between
departments isn't
always so great.
Stories get
assigned twice. Or
never at all. Photos
are made too big.
Or too small. And
the business
department
sometime* give
the editoria
department
strange spaces line
this one to fill with
interesting
graphics and
exciting copy.
Only that isn't so
easy. What can
you do with a
space about an
inch-and-a-half
wide by 13 inches
tall? Not much.
That's where you
fit in. We don't
mean you fit in a
IViby 13 inch
space; that was
just figurative
language. What we
do mean is that
there's a place for
you at The
Stanford Daily.
Drop by and pick
up a story
assignment. And
tell us your ideas
for filling a 1 1 /2 by
13 inch space.
Funny things
happen at college
newspapers.
Communication
between
departments isn't
always so great.
Stories get
assigned twice. Or
never at all. Photos
are made too big.
Or too small. And
the business
department
sometime* give
the editoria
department
strange spaces line
this one to fill with
interesting
graphics and
exciting copy.
Only that isn't so
easy. What can
you do with a
space about an
inch-and-a-half
wide by 13 inches
tall? Not much.
That's where you
fit in. We don't
mean you fit in a
IViby 13 inch
space; that was
just figurative
language. What we
do mean is that
there's a place for
you at The
Stanford Daily.
Drop by and pick
up a story
assignment. And
tell us your ideas
for filling a 1 1 /2 by
13 inch space.
Funny things
happen at college
newspapers.
Communication
between
departments isn't
always so great.
Stories get
assigned twice. Or
never at all. Photos
are made too big.
Or too small. And
the business
department
sometime* give
the editoria
department
strange spaces line
this one to fill with
interesting
graphics and
exciting copy.
Only that isn't so
easy. What can
you do with a
space about an
inch-and-a-half
wide by 13 inches
tall? Not much.
That's where you
fit in. We don't
mean you fit in a
IViby 13 inch
space; that was
just figurative
language. What we
do mean is that
there's a place for
you at The
Stanford Daily.
Drop by and pick
up a story
assignment. And
tell us your ideas
for filling a 1 1 /2 by
13 inch space.
