# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Professor I.B. Cross, formerly a
professor in the department of Econ
omics and now secretary of the Cali
fornia Industrial Accident Board lo
cated in San Francisco, delivered an
illustrated lecture this morning be
fore Instructor Wander's class in
Corrections, on the California state
prisons of San Quentin and Folsom.
Professor I.B. Cross, formerly a
professor in the department of Econ
omics and now secretary of the Cali
fornia Industrial Accident Board lo
cated in San Francisco, delivered an
illustrated lecture this morning be
fore Instructor Wander's class in
Corrections, on the California state
prisons of San Quentin and Folsom.
Professor I.B. Cross, formerly a
professor in the department of Econ
omics and now secretary of the Cali
fornia Industrial Accident Board lo
cated in San Francisco, delivered an
illustrated lecture this morning be
fore Instructor Wander's class in
Corrections, on the California state
prisons of San Quentin and Folsom.
Professor I.B. Cross, formerly a
professor in the department of Econ
omics and now secretary of the Cali
fornia Industrial Accident Board lo
cated in San Francisco, delivered an
illustrated lecture this morning be
fore Instructor Wander's class in
Corrections, on the California state
prisons of San Quentin and Folsom.
Professor I.B. Cross, formerly a
professor in the department of Econ
omics and now secretary of the Cali
fornia Industrial Accident Board lo
cated in San Francisco, delivered an
illustrated lecture this morning be
fore Instructor Wander's class in
Corrections, on the California state
prisons of San Quentin and Folsom.
Professor I.B. Cross, formerly a
professor in the department of Econ
omics and now secretary of the Cali
fornia Industrial Accident Board lo
cated in San Francisco, delivered an
illustrated lecture this morning be
fore Instructor Wander's class in
Corrections, on the California state
prisons of San Quentin and Folsom.
Professor I.B. Cross, formerly a
professor in the department of Econ
omics and now secretary of the Cali
fornia Industrial Accident Board lo
cated in San Francisco, delivered an
illustrated lecture this morning be
fore Instructor Wander's class in
Corrections, on the California state
prisons of San Quentin and Folsom.
Professor I.B. Cross, formerly a
professor in the department of Econ
omics and now secretary of the Cali
fornia Industrial Accident Board lo
cated in San Francisco, delivered an
illustrated lecture this morning be
fore Instructor Wander's class in
Corrections, on the California state
prisons of San Quentin and Folsom.
Professor I.B. Cross, formerly a
professor in the department of Econ
omics and now secretary of the Cali
fornia Industrial Accident Board lo
cated in San Francisco, delivered an
illustrated lecture this morning be
fore Instructor Wander's class in
Corrections, on the California state
prisons of San Quentin and Folsom.
Professor I.B. Cross, formerly a
professor in the department of Econ
omics and now secretary of the Cali
fornia Industrial Accident Board lo
cated in San Francisco, delivered an
illustrated lecture this morning be
fore Instructor Wander's class in
Corrections, on the California state
prisons of San Quentin and Folsom.
Professor I.B. Cross, formerly a
professor in the department of Econ
omics and now secretary of the Cali
fornia Industrial Accident Board lo
cated in San Francisco, delivered an
illustrated lecture this morning be
fore Instructor Wander's class in
Corrections, on the California state
prisons of San Quentin and Folsom.
Professor I.B. Cross, formerly a
professor in the department of Econ
omics and now secretary of the Cali
fornia Industrial Accident Board lo
cated in San Francisco, delivered an
illustrated lecture this morning be
fore Instructor Wander's class in
Corrections, on the California state
prisons of San Quentin and Folsom.
Professor I.B. Cross, formerly a
professor in the department of Econ
omics and now secretary of the Cali
fornia Industrial Accident Board lo
cated in San Francisco, delivered an
illustrated lecture this morning be
fore Instructor Wander's class in
Corrections, on the California state
prisons of San Quentin and Folsom.
