# Several Seventeeners Shot Twice
## 
### 
Regardless of the fact that it is Fri
day the thirteenth the Freshman class
had its picture taken today. The
large size of the circle enabled sev
eral of those on the end to get into
the picture twice.
Regardless of the fact that it is Fri
day the thirteenth the Freshman class
had its picture taken today. The
large size of the circle enabled sev
eral of those on the end to get into
the picture twice.
Regardless of the fact that it is Fri
day the thirteenth the Freshman class
had its picture taken today. The
large size of the circle enabled sev
eral of those on the end to get into
the picture twice.
Regardless of the fact that it is Fri
day the thirteenth the Freshman class
had its picture taken today. The
large size of the circle enabled sev
eral of those on the end to get into
the picture twice.
Regardless of the fact that it is Fri
day the thirteenth the Freshman class
had its picture taken today. The
large size of the circle enabled sev
eral of those on the end to get into
the picture twice.
Regardless of the fact that it is Fri
day the thirteenth the Freshman class
had its picture taken today. The
large size of the circle enabled sev
eral of those on the end to get into
the picture twice.
Regardless of the fact that it is Fri
day the thirteenth the Freshman class
had its picture taken today. The
large size of the circle enabled sev
eral of those on the end to get into
the picture twice.
Regardless of the fact that it is Fri
day the thirteenth the Freshman class
had its picture taken today. The
large size of the circle enabled sev
eral of those on the end to get into
the picture twice.
Regardless of the fact that it is Fri
day the thirteenth the Freshman class
had its picture taken today. The
large size of the circle enabled sev
eral of those on the end to get into
the picture twice.
Regardless of the fact that it is Fri
day the thirteenth the Freshman class
had its picture taken today. The
large size of the circle enabled sev
eral of those on the end to get into
the picture twice.
Regardless of the fact that it is Fri
day the thirteenth the Freshman class
had its picture taken today. The
large size of the circle enabled sev
eral of those on the end to get into
the picture twice.
Regardless of the fact that it is Fri
day the thirteenth the Freshman class
had its picture taken today. The
large size of the circle enabled sev
eral of those on the end to get into
the picture twice.
Regardless of the fact that it is Fri
day the thirteenth the Freshman class
had its picture taken today. The
large size of the circle enabled sev
eral of those on the end to get into
the picture twice.
