# Senior class election
## 
### 
Today is the last day to vote in the
senior class president runoff elec
tion. Approximately 350 juniors cast
ballots yesterday, according to Assis
tant Elections Commissioner Chris
Noonan. Today's polling places are:
Post Office, Tresidder Union, French
and Italian corner in the Quad, and
Meyer Library facing Stern Hall. All
students who will have 130 units by
autumn quarter 1979 are eligible to
vote.
Today is the last day to vote in the
senior class president runoff elec
tion. Approximately 350 juniors cast
ballots yesterday, according to Assis
tant Elections Commissioner Chris
Noonan. Today's polling places are:
Post Office, Tresidder Union, French
and Italian corner in the Quad, and
Meyer Library facing Stern Hall. All
students who will have 130 units by
autumn quarter 1979 are eligible to
vote.
Today is the last day to vote in the
senior class president runoff elec
tion. Approximately 350 juniors cast
ballots yesterday, according to Assis
tant Elections Commissioner Chris
Noonan. Today's polling places are:
Post Office, Tresidder Union, French
and Italian corner in the Quad, and
Meyer Library facing Stern Hall. All
students who will have 130 units by
autumn quarter 1979 are eligible to
vote.
Today is the last day to vote in the
senior class president runoff elec
tion. Approximately 350 juniors cast
ballots yesterday, according to Assis
tant Elections Commissioner Chris
Noonan. Today's polling places are:
Post Office, Tresidder Union, French
and Italian corner in the Quad, and
Meyer Library facing Stern Hall. All
students who will have 130 units by
autumn quarter 1979 are eligible to
vote.
Today is the last day to vote in the
senior class president runoff elec
tion. Approximately 350 juniors cast
ballots yesterday, according to Assis
tant Elections Commissioner Chris
Noonan. Today's polling places are:
Post Office, Tresidder Union, French
and Italian corner in the Quad, and
Meyer Library facing Stern Hall. All
students who will have 130 units by
autumn quarter 1979 are eligible to
vote.
Today is the last day to vote in the
senior class president runoff elec
tion. Approximately 350 juniors cast
ballots yesterday, according to Assis
tant Elections Commissioner Chris
Noonan. Today's polling places are:
Post Office, Tresidder Union, French
and Italian corner in the Quad, and
Meyer Library facing Stern Hall. All
students who will have 130 units by
autumn quarter 1979 are eligible to
vote.
Today is the last day to vote in the
senior class president runoff elec
tion. Approximately 350 juniors cast
ballots yesterday, according to Assis
tant Elections Commissioner Chris
Noonan. Today's polling places are:
Post Office, Tresidder Union, French
and Italian corner in the Quad, and
Meyer Library facing Stern Hall. All
students who will have 130 units by
autumn quarter 1979 are eligible to
vote.
Today is the last day to vote in the
senior class president runoff elec
tion. Approximately 350 juniors cast
ballots yesterday, according to Assis
tant Elections Commissioner Chris
Noonan. Today's polling places are:
Post Office, Tresidder Union, French
and Italian corner in the Quad, and
Meyer Library facing Stern Hall. All
students who will have 130 units by
autumn quarter 1979 are eligible to
vote.
Today is the last day to vote in the
senior class president runoff elec
tion. Approximately 350 juniors cast
ballots yesterday, according to Assis
tant Elections Commissioner Chris
Noonan. Today's polling places are:
Post Office, Tresidder Union, French
and Italian corner in the Quad, and
Meyer Library facing Stern Hall. All
students who will have 130 units by
autumn quarter 1979 are eligible to
vote.
