# Adv. 21 Page 5
## 
### 
The Union serves food but won't cash
big checks
HI do the latter and also shave necks
•
—THE UNION BARBER
The Union serves food but won't cash
big checks
HI do the latter and also shave necks
•
—THE UNION BARBER
The Union serves food but won't cash
big checks
HI do the latter and also shave necks
•
—THE UNION BARBER
The Union serves food but won't cash
big checks
HI do the latter and also shave necks
•
—THE UNION BARBER
The Union serves food but won't cash
big checks
HI do the latter and also shave necks
•
—THE UNION BARBER
The Union serves food but won't cash
big checks
HI do the latter and also shave necks
•
—THE UNION BARBER
The Union serves food but won't cash
big checks
HI do the latter and also shave necks
•
—THE UNION BARBER
The Union serves food but won't cash
big checks
HI do the latter and also shave necks
•
—THE UNION BARBER
The Union serves food but won't cash
big checks
HI do the latter and also shave necks
•
—THE UNION BARBER
The Union serves food but won't cash
big checks
HI do the latter and also shave necks
•
—THE UNION BARBER
The Union serves food but won't cash
big checks
HI do the latter and also shave necks
•
—THE UNION BARBER
The Union serves food but won't cash
big checks
HI do the latter and also shave necks
•
—THE UNION BARBER
The Union serves food but won't cash
big checks
HI do the latter and also shave necks
•
—THE UNION BARBER
The Union serves food but won't cash
big checks
HI do the latter and also shave necks
•
—THE UNION BARBER
The Union serves food but won't cash
big checks
HI do the latter and also shave necks
•
—THE UNION BARBER
