# Faculty Members Will Attend Eastern Meeting
## 
### 
Three members of the Education
Department, Dean G. N. Kcfauver,!
Dr. W. M. Proctor, and Dr. H. C. |
Hand will leave next week to at- j
tend the superintendents' meeting of j
the National Education Association,;
which will mpet in Cleveland for a 1
10-day session.
Dr. Proctor will also attend the
session of Ihe National Vocational j
Guidance Association, of which he is
rational president, which will be j
meeting concurrently in the same i
city. Both sessions are scheduled to ■
begin February 20.
Three members of the Education
Department, Dean G. N. Kcfauver,!
Dr. W. M. Proctor, and Dr. H. C. |
Hand will leave next week to at- j
tend the superintendents' meeting of j
the National Education Association,;
which will mpet in Cleveland for a 1
10-day session.
Dr. Proctor will also attend the
session of Ihe National Vocational j
Guidance Association, of which he is
rational president, which will be j
meeting concurrently in the same i
city. Both sessions are scheduled to ■
begin February 20.
Three members of the Education
Department, Dean G. N. Kcfauver,!
Dr. W. M. Proctor, and Dr. H. C. |
Hand will leave next week to at- j
tend the superintendents' meeting of j
the National Education Association,;
which will mpet in Cleveland for a 1
10-day session.
Dr. Proctor will also attend the
session of Ihe National Vocational j
Guidance Association, of which he is
rational president, which will be j
meeting concurrently in the same i
city. Both sessions are scheduled to ■
begin February 20.
Three members of the Education
Department, Dean G. N. Kcfauver,!
Dr. W. M. Proctor, and Dr. H. C. |
Hand will leave next week to at- j
tend the superintendents' meeting of j
the National Education Association,;
which will mpet in Cleveland for a 1
10-day session.
Dr. Proctor will also attend the
session of Ihe National Vocational j
Guidance Association, of which he is
rational president, which will be j
meeting concurrently in the same i
city. Both sessions are scheduled to ■
begin February 20.
Three members of the Education
Department, Dean G. N. Kcfauver,!
Dr. W. M. Proctor, and Dr. H. C. |
Hand will leave next week to at- j
tend the superintendents' meeting of j
the National Education Association,;
which will mpet in Cleveland for a 1
10-day session.
Dr. Proctor will also attend the
session of Ihe National Vocational j
Guidance Association, of which he is
rational president, which will be j
meeting concurrently in the same i
city. Both sessions are scheduled to ■
begin February 20.
Three members of the Education
Department, Dean G. N. Kcfauver,!
Dr. W. M. Proctor, and Dr. H. C. |
Hand will leave next week to at- j
tend the superintendents' meeting of j
the National Education Association,;
which will mpet in Cleveland for a 1
10-day session.
Dr. Proctor will also attend the
session of Ihe National Vocational j
Guidance Association, of which he is
rational president, which will be j
meeting concurrently in the same i
city. Both sessions are scheduled to ■
begin February 20.
Three members of the Education
Department, Dean G. N. Kcfauver,!
Dr. W. M. Proctor, and Dr. H. C. |
Hand will leave next week to at- j
tend the superintendents' meeting of j
the National Education Association,;
which will mpet in Cleveland for a 1
10-day session.
Dr. Proctor will also attend the
session of Ihe National Vocational j
Guidance Association, of which he is
rational president, which will be j
meeting concurrently in the same i
city. Both sessions are scheduled to ■
begin February 20.
Three members of the Education
Department, Dean G. N. Kcfauver,!
Dr. W. M. Proctor, and Dr. H. C. |
Hand will leave next week to at- j
tend the superintendents' meeting of j
the National Education Association,;
which will mpet in Cleveland for a 1
10-day session.
Dr. Proctor will also attend the
session of Ihe National Vocational j
Guidance Association, of which he is
rational president, which will be j
meeting concurrently in the same i
city. Both sessions are scheduled to ■
begin February 20.
Three members of the Education
Department, Dean G. N. Kcfauver,!
Dr. W. M. Proctor, and Dr. H. C. |
Hand will leave next week to at- j
tend the superintendents' meeting of j
the National Education Association,;
which will mpet in Cleveland for a 1
10-day session.
Dr. Proctor will also attend the
session of Ihe National Vocational j
Guidance Association, of which he is
rational president, which will be j
meeting concurrently in the same i
city. Both sessions are scheduled to ■
begin February 20.
Three members of the Education
Department, Dean G. N. Kcfauver,!
Dr. W. M. Proctor, and Dr. H. C. |
Hand will leave next week to at- j
tend the superintendents' meeting of j
the National Education Association,;
which will mpet in Cleveland for a 1
10-day session.
Dr. Proctor will also attend the
session of Ihe National Vocational j
Guidance Association, of which he is
rational president, which will be j
meeting concurrently in the same i
city. Both sessions are scheduled to ■
begin February 20.
Three members of the Education
Department, Dean G. N. Kcfauver,!
Dr. W. M. Proctor, and Dr. H. C. |
Hand will leave next week to at- j
tend the superintendents' meeting of j
the National Education Association,;
which will mpet in Cleveland for a 1
10-day session.
Dr. Proctor will also attend the
session of Ihe National Vocational j
Guidance Association, of which he is
rational president, which will be j
meeting concurrently in the same i
city. Both sessions are scheduled to ■
begin February 20.
Three members of the Education
Department, Dean G. N. Kcfauver,!
Dr. W. M. Proctor, and Dr. H. C. |
Hand will leave next week to at- j
tend the superintendents' meeting of j
the National Education Association,;
which will mpet in Cleveland for a 1
10-day session.
Dr. Proctor will also attend the
session of Ihe National Vocational j
Guidance Association, of which he is
rational president, which will be j
meeting concurrently in the same i
city. Both sessions are scheduled to ■
begin February 20.
Three members of the Education
Department, Dean G. N. Kcfauver,!
Dr. W. M. Proctor, and Dr. H. C. |
Hand will leave next week to at- j
tend the superintendents' meeting of j
the National Education Association,;
which will mpet in Cleveland for a 1
10-day session.
Dr. Proctor will also attend the
session of Ihe National Vocational j
Guidance Association, of which he is
rational president, which will be j
meeting concurrently in the same i
city. Both sessions are scheduled to ■
begin February 20.
Three members of the Education
Department, Dean G. N. Kcfauver,!
Dr. W. M. Proctor, and Dr. H. C. |
Hand will leave next week to at- j
tend the superintendents' meeting of j
the National Education Association,;
which will mpet in Cleveland for a 1
10-day session.
Dr. Proctor will also attend the
session of Ihe National Vocational j
Guidance Association, of which he is
rational president, which will be j
meeting concurrently in the same i
city. Both sessions are scheduled to ■
begin February 20.
Three members of the Education
Department, Dean G. N. Kcfauver,!
Dr. W. M. Proctor, and Dr. H. C. |
Hand will leave next week to at- j
tend the superintendents' meeting of j
the National Education Association,;
which will mpet in Cleveland for a 1
10-day session.
Dr. Proctor will also attend the
session of Ihe National Vocational j
Guidance Association, of which he is
rational president, which will be j
meeting concurrently in the same i
city. Both sessions are scheduled to ■
begin February 20.
