# Flies at 58
## 
### 

Ld?rar Rice Burroughs, author of
weird adventure stories, who lias
taken up flying at SX. With 10
hours of solo to his credit, Bur
roughs has but three hours to go
to secure his license.

Ld?rar Rice Burroughs, author of
weird adventure stories, who lias
taken up flying at SX. With 10
hours of solo to his credit, Bur
roughs has but three hours to go
to secure his license.

Ld?rar Rice Burroughs, author of
weird adventure stories, who lias
taken up flying at SX. With 10
hours of solo to his credit, Bur
roughs has but three hours to go
to secure his license.

Ld?rar Rice Burroughs, author of
weird adventure stories, who lias
taken up flying at SX. With 10
hours of solo to his credit, Bur
roughs has but three hours to go
to secure his license.

Ld?rar Rice Burroughs, author of
weird adventure stories, who lias
taken up flying at SX. With 10
hours of solo to his credit, Bur
roughs has but three hours to go
to secure his license.

Ld?rar Rice Burroughs, author of
weird adventure stories, who lias
taken up flying at SX. With 10
hours of solo to his credit, Bur
roughs has but three hours to go
to secure his license.

Ld?rar Rice Burroughs, author of
weird adventure stories, who lias
taken up flying at SX. With 10
hours of solo to his credit, Bur
roughs has but three hours to go
to secure his license.

Ld?rar Rice Burroughs, author of
weird adventure stories, who lias
taken up flying at SX. With 10
hours of solo to his credit, Bur
roughs has but three hours to go
to secure his license.

Ld?rar Rice Burroughs, author of
weird adventure stories, who lias
taken up flying at SX. With 10
hours of solo to his credit, Bur
roughs has but three hours to go
to secure his license.

Ld?rar Rice Burroughs, author of
weird adventure stories, who lias
taken up flying at SX. With 10
hours of solo to his credit, Bur
roughs has but three hours to go
to secure his license.

Ld?rar Rice Burroughs, author of
weird adventure stories, who lias
taken up flying at SX. With 10
hours of solo to his credit, Bur
roughs has but three hours to go
to secure his license.

Ld?rar Rice Burroughs, author of
weird adventure stories, who lias
taken up flying at SX. With 10
hours of solo to his credit, Bur
roughs has but three hours to go
to secure his license.

Ld?rar Rice Burroughs, author of
weird adventure stories, who lias
taken up flying at SX. With 10
hours of solo to his credit, Bur
roughs has but three hours to go
to secure his license.

Ld?rar Rice Burroughs, author of
weird adventure stories, who lias
taken up flying at SX. With 10
hours of solo to his credit, Bur
roughs has but three hours to go
to secure his license.

Ld?rar Rice Burroughs, author of
weird adventure stories, who lias
taken up flying at SX. With 10
hours of solo to his credit, Bur
roughs has but three hours to go
to secure his license.
