# FANCY MAXY SANS CHORUS
## 
### 

This is a picture of Max Bacr, contender for the world's heavyweight
title as Promoter Jack Dcmpsey would like to see him. Dempsey, who has
one of the numerous hands in the management of the former "butcher hoy,"
feels that the American hope to regain the title from Primo Camera is in
serious danger of "going Hollywood."

This is a picture of Max Bacr, contender for the world's heavyweight
title as Promoter Jack Dcmpsey would like to see him. Dempsey, who has
one of the numerous hands in the management of the former "butcher hoy,"
feels that the American hope to regain the title from Primo Camera is in
serious danger of "going Hollywood."

This is a picture of Max Bacr, contender for the world's heavyweight
title as Promoter Jack Dcmpsey would like to see him. Dempsey, who has
one of the numerous hands in the management of the former "butcher hoy,"
feels that the American hope to regain the title from Primo Camera is in
serious danger of "going Hollywood."

This is a picture of Max Bacr, contender for the world's heavyweight
title as Promoter Jack Dcmpsey would like to see him. Dempsey, who has
one of the numerous hands in the management of the former "butcher hoy,"
feels that the American hope to regain the title from Primo Camera is in
serious danger of "going Hollywood."

This is a picture of Max Bacr, contender for the world's heavyweight
title as Promoter Jack Dcmpsey would like to see him. Dempsey, who has
one of the numerous hands in the management of the former "butcher hoy,"
feels that the American hope to regain the title from Primo Camera is in
serious danger of "going Hollywood."

This is a picture of Max Bacr, contender for the world's heavyweight
title as Promoter Jack Dcmpsey would like to see him. Dempsey, who has
one of the numerous hands in the management of the former "butcher hoy,"
feels that the American hope to regain the title from Primo Camera is in
serious danger of "going Hollywood."

This is a picture of Max Bacr, contender for the world's heavyweight
title as Promoter Jack Dcmpsey would like to see him. Dempsey, who has
one of the numerous hands in the management of the former "butcher hoy,"
feels that the American hope to regain the title from Primo Camera is in
serious danger of "going Hollywood."

This is a picture of Max Bacr, contender for the world's heavyweight
title as Promoter Jack Dcmpsey would like to see him. Dempsey, who has
one of the numerous hands in the management of the former "butcher hoy,"
feels that the American hope to regain the title from Primo Camera is in
serious danger of "going Hollywood."

This is a picture of Max Bacr, contender for the world's heavyweight
title as Promoter Jack Dcmpsey would like to see him. Dempsey, who has
one of the numerous hands in the management of the former "butcher hoy,"
feels that the American hope to regain the title from Primo Camera is in
serious danger of "going Hollywood."

This is a picture of Max Bacr, contender for the world's heavyweight
title as Promoter Jack Dcmpsey would like to see him. Dempsey, who has
one of the numerous hands in the management of the former "butcher hoy,"
feels that the American hope to regain the title from Primo Camera is in
serious danger of "going Hollywood."

This is a picture of Max Bacr, contender for the world's heavyweight
title as Promoter Jack Dcmpsey would like to see him. Dempsey, who has
one of the numerous hands in the management of the former "butcher hoy,"
feels that the American hope to regain the title from Primo Camera is in
serious danger of "going Hollywood."

This is a picture of Max Bacr, contender for the world's heavyweight
title as Promoter Jack Dcmpsey would like to see him. Dempsey, who has
one of the numerous hands in the management of the former "butcher hoy,"
feels that the American hope to regain the title from Primo Camera is in
serious danger of "going Hollywood."

This is a picture of Max Bacr, contender for the world's heavyweight
title as Promoter Jack Dcmpsey would like to see him. Dempsey, who has
one of the numerous hands in the management of the former "butcher hoy,"
feels that the American hope to regain the title from Primo Camera is in
serious danger of "going Hollywood."

This is a picture of Max Bacr, contender for the world's heavyweight
title as Promoter Jack Dcmpsey would like to see him. Dempsey, who has
one of the numerous hands in the management of the former "butcher hoy,"
feels that the American hope to regain the title from Primo Camera is in
serious danger of "going Hollywood."

This is a picture of Max Bacr, contender for the world's heavyweight
title as Promoter Jack Dcmpsey would like to see him. Dempsey, who has
one of the numerous hands in the management of the former "butcher hoy,"
feels that the American hope to regain the title from Primo Camera is in
serious danger of "going Hollywood."
