# Union Club Nominations Extended Until Sunday
## 
### 
Nominations for Union Club offi
cers, scheduled to close yesterday,
have been extended until Sunday
noon, it was announced last night.
The retiring officer will entertain
the nominees at tea Sunday after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Miss Christine
Ricker will pour.
Nominations for Union Club offi
cers, scheduled to close yesterday,
have been extended until Sunday
noon, it was announced last night.
The retiring officer will entertain
the nominees at tea Sunday after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Miss Christine
Ricker will pour.
Nominations for Union Club offi
cers, scheduled to close yesterday,
have been extended until Sunday
noon, it was announced last night.
The retiring officer will entertain
the nominees at tea Sunday after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Miss Christine
Ricker will pour.
Nominations for Union Club offi
cers, scheduled to close yesterday,
have been extended until Sunday
noon, it was announced last night.
The retiring officer will entertain
the nominees at tea Sunday after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Miss Christine
Ricker will pour.
Nominations for Union Club offi
cers, scheduled to close yesterday,
have been extended until Sunday
noon, it was announced last night.
The retiring officer will entertain
the nominees at tea Sunday after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Miss Christine
Ricker will pour.
Nominations for Union Club offi
cers, scheduled to close yesterday,
have been extended until Sunday
noon, it was announced last night.
The retiring officer will entertain
the nominees at tea Sunday after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Miss Christine
Ricker will pour.
Nominations for Union Club offi
cers, scheduled to close yesterday,
have been extended until Sunday
noon, it was announced last night.
The retiring officer will entertain
the nominees at tea Sunday after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Miss Christine
Ricker will pour.
Nominations for Union Club offi
cers, scheduled to close yesterday,
have been extended until Sunday
noon, it was announced last night.
The retiring officer will entertain
the nominees at tea Sunday after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Miss Christine
Ricker will pour.
Nominations for Union Club offi
cers, scheduled to close yesterday,
have been extended until Sunday
noon, it was announced last night.
The retiring officer will entertain
the nominees at tea Sunday after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Miss Christine
Ricker will pour.
Nominations for Union Club offi
cers, scheduled to close yesterday,
have been extended until Sunday
noon, it was announced last night.
The retiring officer will entertain
the nominees at tea Sunday after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Miss Christine
Ricker will pour.
Nominations for Union Club offi
cers, scheduled to close yesterday,
have been extended until Sunday
noon, it was announced last night.
The retiring officer will entertain
the nominees at tea Sunday after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Miss Christine
Ricker will pour.
Nominations for Union Club offi
cers, scheduled to close yesterday,
have been extended until Sunday
noon, it was announced last night.
The retiring officer will entertain
the nominees at tea Sunday after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Miss Christine
Ricker will pour.
Nominations for Union Club offi
cers, scheduled to close yesterday,
have been extended until Sunday
noon, it was announced last night.
The retiring officer will entertain
the nominees at tea Sunday after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Miss Christine
Ricker will pour.
Nominations for Union Club offi
cers, scheduled to close yesterday,
have been extended until Sunday
noon, it was announced last night.
The retiring officer will entertain
the nominees at tea Sunday after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Miss Christine
Ricker will pour.
Nominations for Union Club offi
cers, scheduled to close yesterday,
have been extended until Sunday
noon, it was announced last night.
The retiring officer will entertain
the nominees at tea Sunday after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Miss Christine
Ricker will pour.
