# CINDERELLA DANCE
## 
### 
University cf Illinois offers some
thing else again in the way of novel
dances. Dubber a "Silver Slipper"
dance, the girl who is found stand
ing on a certain spot a f 11 p.m. is
presented with a pair of silver slip
pers.
University cf Illinois offers some
thing else again in the way of novel
dances. Dubber a "Silver Slipper"
dance, the girl who is found stand
ing on a certain spot a f 11 p.m. is
presented with a pair of silver slip
pers.
University cf Illinois offers some
thing else again in the way of novel
dances. Dubber a "Silver Slipper"
dance, the girl who is found stand
ing on a certain spot a f 11 p.m. is
presented with a pair of silver slip
pers.
University cf Illinois offers some
thing else again in the way of novel
dances. Dubber a "Silver Slipper"
dance, the girl who is found stand
ing on a certain spot a f 11 p.m. is
presented with a pair of silver slip
pers.
University cf Illinois offers some
thing else again in the way of novel
dances. Dubber a "Silver Slipper"
dance, the girl who is found stand
ing on a certain spot a f 11 p.m. is
presented with a pair of silver slip
pers.
University cf Illinois offers some
thing else again in the way of novel
dances. Dubber a "Silver Slipper"
dance, the girl who is found stand
ing on a certain spot a f 11 p.m. is
presented with a pair of silver slip
pers.
University cf Illinois offers some
thing else again in the way of novel
dances. Dubber a "Silver Slipper"
dance, the girl who is found stand
ing on a certain spot a f 11 p.m. is
presented with a pair of silver slip
pers.
University cf Illinois offers some
thing else again in the way of novel
dances. Dubber a "Silver Slipper"
dance, the girl who is found stand
ing on a certain spot a f 11 p.m. is
presented with a pair of silver slip
pers.
University cf Illinois offers some
thing else again in the way of novel
dances. Dubber a "Silver Slipper"
dance, the girl who is found stand
ing on a certain spot a f 11 p.m. is
presented with a pair of silver slip
pers.
University cf Illinois offers some
thing else again in the way of novel
dances. Dubber a "Silver Slipper"
dance, the girl who is found stand
ing on a certain spot a f 11 p.m. is
presented with a pair of silver slip
pers.
University cf Illinois offers some
thing else again in the way of novel
dances. Dubber a "Silver Slipper"
dance, the girl who is found stand
ing on a certain spot a f 11 p.m. is
presented with a pair of silver slip
pers.
University cf Illinois offers some
thing else again in the way of novel
dances. Dubber a "Silver Slipper"
dance, the girl who is found stand
ing on a certain spot a f 11 p.m. is
presented with a pair of silver slip
pers.
University cf Illinois offers some
thing else again in the way of novel
dances. Dubber a "Silver Slipper"
dance, the girl who is found stand
ing on a certain spot a f 11 p.m. is
presented with a pair of silver slip
pers.
University cf Illinois offers some
thing else again in the way of novel
dances. Dubber a "Silver Slipper"
dance, the girl who is found stand
ing on a certain spot a f 11 p.m. is
presented with a pair of silver slip
pers.
University cf Illinois offers some
thing else again in the way of novel
dances. Dubber a "Silver Slipper"
dance, the girl who is found stand
ing on a certain spot a f 11 p.m. is
presented with a pair of silver slip
pers.
