# CWA Bill Okayed
## 
### 
Senate late last niglit passed House
950 million CWA relief, with Mc-
Carran amendment putting state di
rectors under Presidential appoint
ment with Senate approval, to stop
graft. Administration Senate hench
men honged all moves to lengthen
time of CWA, enlarge amount of re
lief funds. The dealer wins nvnin.
Senate late last niglit passed House
950 million CWA relief, with Mc-
Carran amendment putting state di
rectors under Presidential appoint
ment with Senate approval, to stop
graft. Administration Senate hench
men honged all moves to lengthen
time of CWA, enlarge amount of re
lief funds. The dealer wins nvnin.
Senate late last niglit passed House
950 million CWA relief, with Mc-
Carran amendment putting state di
rectors under Presidential appoint
ment with Senate approval, to stop
graft. Administration Senate hench
men honged all moves to lengthen
time of CWA, enlarge amount of re
lief funds. The dealer wins nvnin.
Senate late last niglit passed House
950 million CWA relief, with Mc-
Carran amendment putting state di
rectors under Presidential appoint
ment with Senate approval, to stop
graft. Administration Senate hench
men honged all moves to lengthen
time of CWA, enlarge amount of re
lief funds. The dealer wins nvnin.
Senate late last niglit passed House
950 million CWA relief, with Mc-
Carran amendment putting state di
rectors under Presidential appoint
ment with Senate approval, to stop
graft. Administration Senate hench
men honged all moves to lengthen
time of CWA, enlarge amount of re
lief funds. The dealer wins nvnin.
Senate late last niglit passed House
950 million CWA relief, with Mc-
Carran amendment putting state di
rectors under Presidential appoint
ment with Senate approval, to stop
graft. Administration Senate hench
men honged all moves to lengthen
time of CWA, enlarge amount of re
lief funds. The dealer wins nvnin.
Senate late last niglit passed House
950 million CWA relief, with Mc-
Carran amendment putting state di
rectors under Presidential appoint
ment with Senate approval, to stop
graft. Administration Senate hench
men honged all moves to lengthen
time of CWA, enlarge amount of re
lief funds. The dealer wins nvnin.
Senate late last niglit passed House
950 million CWA relief, with Mc-
Carran amendment putting state di
rectors under Presidential appoint
ment with Senate approval, to stop
graft. Administration Senate hench
men honged all moves to lengthen
time of CWA, enlarge amount of re
lief funds. The dealer wins nvnin.
Senate late last niglit passed House
950 million CWA relief, with Mc-
Carran amendment putting state di
rectors under Presidential appoint
ment with Senate approval, to stop
graft. Administration Senate hench
men honged all moves to lengthen
time of CWA, enlarge amount of re
lief funds. The dealer wins nvnin.
Senate late last niglit passed House
950 million CWA relief, with Mc-
Carran amendment putting state di
rectors under Presidential appoint
ment with Senate approval, to stop
graft. Administration Senate hench
men honged all moves to lengthen
time of CWA, enlarge amount of re
lief funds. The dealer wins nvnin.
Senate late last niglit passed House
950 million CWA relief, with Mc-
Carran amendment putting state di
rectors under Presidential appoint
ment with Senate approval, to stop
graft. Administration Senate hench
men honged all moves to lengthen
time of CWA, enlarge amount of re
lief funds. The dealer wins nvnin.
Senate late last niglit passed House
950 million CWA relief, with Mc-
Carran amendment putting state di
rectors under Presidential appoint
ment with Senate approval, to stop
graft. Administration Senate hench
men honged all moves to lengthen
time of CWA, enlarge amount of re
lief funds. The dealer wins nvnin.
Senate late last niglit passed House
950 million CWA relief, with Mc-
Carran amendment putting state di
rectors under Presidential appoint
ment with Senate approval, to stop
graft. Administration Senate hench
men honged all moves to lengthen
time of CWA, enlarge amount of re
lief funds. The dealer wins nvnin.
Senate late last niglit passed House
950 million CWA relief, with Mc-
Carran amendment putting state di
rectors under Presidential appoint
ment with Senate approval, to stop
graft. Administration Senate hench
men honged all moves to lengthen
time of CWA, enlarge amount of re
lief funds. The dealer wins nvnin.
Senate late last niglit passed House
950 million CWA relief, with Mc-
Carran amendment putting state di
rectors under Presidential appoint
ment with Senate approval, to stop
graft. Administration Senate hench
men honged all moves to lengthen
time of CWA, enlarge amount of re
lief funds. The dealer wins nvnin.
