# FRANTIC DASH FOR 3 SENIOR PHOTOS IS AWAITED TODAY
## 
### 
Stanford s visiting photogra
pher prepares for an epidemic
of picture seekers today. It be
ing the last chance to "see the
birdie" this year, he knows
from bitter experience that the
studio in the Press building
will probably look like the
Democratic majority in the
House. '
Last year, on the final day,
105 photos were snapped. Many
seniors will tangle today, but
only the first three will rate
their pictures in the remaining
space.
Others may come for photos
any time, but as "first come,
first served" will be the watch
word, from 9-12, and 1-4:30,
the rest of the campus has its
final opportunity to pose for
the 1934 Quad.
