# Check Given To Biz School
## 
### 
Paci 112 i c Intermountain Express
Company, nation - wide trucking
firm, has donated a unique scholar
ship to Stanford, it has just been
announced by University President
Wallace Sterling.
C. E. Johnson, executive vice
president of P-I-E, came to the
campus recently to present a check
lor $2;>o to Dean J. Hugh Jackson
of the Stanford Graduate School of
Business. The gift will make it pos
sible to initiate "The P-l-E- Schol
arship in Highway Transportation."
Professor Carl McDowell, who has
been in charge of the highway
transportation instruction ami re
search program in the Stanford
Graduate School of Business, point
ed out that P-I-E's support of a
scholarship program is a pioneering
step among transportation firms, and
Paci 112 i c Intermountain Express
Company, nation - wide trucking
firm, has donated a unique scholar
ship to Stanford, it has just been
announced by University President
Wallace Sterling.
C. E. Johnson, executive vice
president of P-I-E, came to the
campus recently to present a check
lor $2;>o to Dean J. Hugh Jackson
of the Stanford Graduate School of
Business. The gift will make it pos
sible to initiate "The P-l-E- Schol
arship in Highway Transportation."
Professor Carl McDowell, who has
been in charge of the highway
transportation instruction ami re
search program in the Stanford
Graduate School of Business, point
ed out that P-I-E's support of a
scholarship program is a pioneering
step among transportation firms, and
Paci 112 i c Intermountain Express
Company, nation - wide trucking
firm, has donated a unique scholar
ship to Stanford, it has just been
announced by University President
Wallace Sterling.
C. E. Johnson, executive vice
president of P-I-E, came to the
campus recently to present a check
lor $2;>o to Dean J. Hugh Jackson
of the Stanford Graduate School of
Business. The gift will make it pos
sible to initiate "The P-l-E- Schol
arship in Highway Transportation."
Professor Carl McDowell, who has
been in charge of the highway
transportation instruction ami re
search program in the Stanford
Graduate School of Business, point
ed out that P-I-E's support of a
scholarship program is a pioneering
step among transportation firms, and
Paci 112 i c Intermountain Express
Company, nation - wide trucking
firm, has donated a unique scholar
ship to Stanford, it has just been
announced by University President
Wallace Sterling.
C. E. Johnson, executive vice
president of P-I-E, came to the
campus recently to present a check
lor $2;>o to Dean J. Hugh Jackson
of the Stanford Graduate School of
Business. The gift will make it pos
sible to initiate "The P-l-E- Schol
arship in Highway Transportation."
Professor Carl McDowell, who has
been in charge of the highway
transportation instruction ami re
search program in the Stanford
Graduate School of Business, point
ed out that P-I-E's support of a
scholarship program is a pioneering
step among transportation firms, and
Paci 112 i c Intermountain Express
Company, nation - wide trucking
firm, has donated a unique scholar
ship to Stanford, it has just been
announced by University President
Wallace Sterling.
C. E. Johnson, executive vice
president of P-I-E, came to the
campus recently to present a check
lor $2;>o to Dean J. Hugh Jackson
of the Stanford Graduate School of
Business. The gift will make it pos
sible to initiate "The P-l-E- Schol
arship in Highway Transportation."
Professor Carl McDowell, who has
been in charge of the highway
transportation instruction ami re
search program in the Stanford
Graduate School of Business, point
ed out that P-I-E's support of a
scholarship program is a pioneering
step among transportation firms, and
Paci 112 i c Intermountain Express
Company, nation - wide trucking
firm, has donated a unique scholar
ship to Stanford, it has just been
announced by University President
Wallace Sterling.
C. E. Johnson, executive vice
president of P-I-E, came to the
campus recently to present a check
lor $2;>o to Dean J. Hugh Jackson
of the Stanford Graduate School of
Business. The gift will make it pos
sible to initiate "The P-l-E- Schol
arship in Highway Transportation."
Professor Carl McDowell, who has
been in charge of the highway
transportation instruction ami re
search program in the Stanford
Graduate School of Business, point
ed out that P-I-E's support of a
scholarship program is a pioneering
step among transportation firms, and
Paci 112 i c Intermountain Express
Company, nation - wide trucking
firm, has donated a unique scholar
ship to Stanford, it has just been
announced by University President
Wallace Sterling.
C. E. Johnson, executive vice
president of P-I-E, came to the
campus recently to present a check
lor $2;>o to Dean J. Hugh Jackson
of the Stanford Graduate School of
Business. The gift will make it pos
sible to initiate "The P-l-E- Schol
arship in Highway Transportation."
Professor Carl McDowell, who has
been in charge of the highway
transportation instruction ami re
search program in the Stanford
Graduate School of Business, point
ed out that P-I-E's support of a
scholarship program is a pioneering
step among transportation firms, and
Paci 112 i c Intermountain Express
Company, nation - wide trucking
firm, has donated a unique scholar
ship to Stanford, it has just been
announced by University President
Wallace Sterling.
C. E. Johnson, executive vice
president of P-I-E, came to the
campus recently to present a check
lor $2;>o to Dean J. Hugh Jackson
of the Stanford Graduate School of
Business. The gift will make it pos
sible to initiate "The P-l-E- Schol
arship in Highway Transportation."
Professor Carl McDowell, who has
been in charge of the highway
transportation instruction ami re
search program in the Stanford
Graduate School of Business, point
ed out that P-I-E's support of a
scholarship program is a pioneering
step among transportation firms, and
Paci 112 i c Intermountain Express
Company, nation - wide trucking
firm, has donated a unique scholar
ship to Stanford, it has just been
announced by University President
Wallace Sterling.
C. E. Johnson, executive vice
president of P-I-E, came to the
campus recently to present a check
lor $2;>o to Dean J. Hugh Jackson
of the Stanford Graduate School of
Business. The gift will make it pos
sible to initiate "The P-l-E- Schol
arship in Highway Transportation."
Professor Carl McDowell, who has
been in charge of the highway
transportation instruction ami re
search program in the Stanford
Graduate School of Business, point
ed out that P-I-E's support of a
scholarship program is a pioneering
step among transportation firms, and
Paci 112 i c Intermountain Express
Company, nation - wide trucking
firm, has donated a unique scholar
ship to Stanford, it has just been
announced by University President
Wallace Sterling.
C. E. Johnson, executive vice
president of P-I-E, came to the
campus recently to present a check
lor $2;>o to Dean J. Hugh Jackson
of the Stanford Graduate School of
Business. The gift will make it pos
sible to initiate "The P-l-E- Schol
arship in Highway Transportation."
Professor Carl McDowell, who has
been in charge of the highway
transportation instruction ami re
search program in the Stanford
Graduate School of Business, point
ed out that P-I-E's support of a
scholarship program is a pioneering
step among transportation firms, and
Paci 112 i c Intermountain Express
Company, nation - wide trucking
firm, has donated a unique scholar
ship to Stanford, it has just been
announced by University President
Wallace Sterling.
C. E. Johnson, executive vice
president of P-I-E, came to the
campus recently to present a check
lor $2;>o to Dean J. Hugh Jackson
of the Stanford Graduate School of
Business. The gift will make it pos
sible to initiate "The P-l-E- Schol
arship in Highway Transportation."
Professor Carl McDowell, who has
been in charge of the highway
transportation instruction ami re
search program in the Stanford
Graduate School of Business, point
ed out that P-I-E's support of a
scholarship program is a pioneering
step among transportation firms, and
Paci 112 i c Intermountain Express
Company, nation - wide trucking
firm, has donated a unique scholar
ship to Stanford, it has just been
announced by University President
Wallace Sterling.
C. E. Johnson, executive vice
president of P-I-E, came to the
campus recently to present a check
lor $2;>o to Dean J. Hugh Jackson
of the Stanford Graduate School of
Business. The gift will make it pos
sible to initiate "The P-l-E- Schol
arship in Highway Transportation."
Professor Carl McDowell, who has
been in charge of the highway
transportation instruction ami re
search program in the Stanford
Graduate School of Business, point
ed out that P-I-E's support of a
scholarship program is a pioneering
step among transportation firms, and
Paci 112 i c Intermountain Express
Company, nation - wide trucking
firm, has donated a unique scholar
ship to Stanford, it has just been
announced by University President
Wallace Sterling.
C. E. Johnson, executive vice
president of P-I-E, came to the
campus recently to present a check
lor $2;>o to Dean J. Hugh Jackson
of the Stanford Graduate School of
Business. The gift will make it pos
sible to initiate "The P-l-E- Schol
arship in Highway Transportation."
Professor Carl McDowell, who has
been in charge of the highway
transportation instruction ami re
search program in the Stanford
Graduate School of Business, point
ed out that P-I-E's support of a
scholarship program is a pioneering
step among transportation firms, and
Paci 112 i c Intermountain Express
Company, nation - wide trucking
firm, has donated a unique scholar
ship to Stanford, it has just been
announced by University President
Wallace Sterling.
C. E. Johnson, executive vice
president of P-I-E, came to the
campus recently to present a check
lor $2;>o to Dean J. Hugh Jackson
of the Stanford Graduate School of
Business. The gift will make it pos
sible to initiate "The P-l-E- Schol
arship in Highway Transportation."
Professor Carl McDowell, who has
been in charge of the highway
transportation instruction ami re
search program in the Stanford
Graduate School of Business, point
ed out that P-I-E's support of a
scholarship program is a pioneering
step among transportation firms, and
Paci 112 i c Intermountain Express
Company, nation - wide trucking
firm, has donated a unique scholar
ship to Stanford, it has just been
announced by University President
Wallace Sterling.
C. E. Johnson, executive vice
president of P-I-E, came to the
campus recently to present a check
lor $2;>o to Dean J. Hugh Jackson
of the Stanford Graduate School of
Business. The gift will make it pos
sible to initiate "The P-l-E- Schol
arship in Highway Transportation."
Professor Carl McDowell, who has
been in charge of the highway
transportation instruction ami re
search program in the Stanford
Graduate School of Business, point
ed out that P-I-E's support of a
scholarship program is a pioneering
step among transportation firms, and
