# FAIR ENOUGH!
## 
### 

Ida May (Kathleen Fitz) and Joe
Pond {Ewart Goodwin) as they appear
in "The Book of Charm" following a
drug-store mix-up.

Ida May (Kathleen Fitz) and Joe
Pond {Ewart Goodwin) as they appear
in "The Book of Charm" following a
drug-store mix-up.

Ida May (Kathleen Fitz) and Joe
Pond {Ewart Goodwin) as they appear
in "The Book of Charm" following a
drug-store mix-up.

Ida May (Kathleen Fitz) and Joe
Pond {Ewart Goodwin) as they appear
in "The Book of Charm" following a
drug-store mix-up.

Ida May (Kathleen Fitz) and Joe
Pond {Ewart Goodwin) as they appear
in "The Book of Charm" following a
drug-store mix-up.

Ida May (Kathleen Fitz) and Joe
Pond {Ewart Goodwin) as they appear
in "The Book of Charm" following a
drug-store mix-up.

Ida May (Kathleen Fitz) and Joe
Pond {Ewart Goodwin) as they appear
in "The Book of Charm" following a
drug-store mix-up.

Ida May (Kathleen Fitz) and Joe
Pond {Ewart Goodwin) as they appear
in "The Book of Charm" following a
drug-store mix-up.

Ida May (Kathleen Fitz) and Joe
Pond {Ewart Goodwin) as they appear
in "The Book of Charm" following a
drug-store mix-up.

Ida May (Kathleen Fitz) and Joe
Pond {Ewart Goodwin) as they appear
in "The Book of Charm" following a
drug-store mix-up.

Ida May (Kathleen Fitz) and Joe
Pond {Ewart Goodwin) as they appear
in "The Book of Charm" following a
drug-store mix-up.

Ida May (Kathleen Fitz) and Joe
Pond {Ewart Goodwin) as they appear
in "The Book of Charm" following a
drug-store mix-up.

Ida May (Kathleen Fitz) and Joe
Pond {Ewart Goodwin) as they appear
in "The Book of Charm" following a
drug-store mix-up.

Ida May (Kathleen Fitz) and Joe
Pond {Ewart Goodwin) as they appear
in "The Book of Charm" following a
drug-store mix-up.

Ida May (Kathleen Fitz) and Joe
Pond {Ewart Goodwin) as they appear
in "The Book of Charm" following a
drug-store mix-up.
