# WISE LEGISLATION
## 
### 
"In order to protect the men," Dean
Raymond A. Kent of Northwestern
University has announced that a new
law is in effect providing that there
must be 450 men in the university for
I every 350 women.
"In order to protect the men," Dean
Raymond A. Kent of Northwestern
University has announced that a new
law is in effect providing that there
must be 450 men in the university for
I every 350 women.
"In order to protect the men," Dean
Raymond A. Kent of Northwestern
University has announced that a new
law is in effect providing that there
must be 450 men in the university for
I every 350 women.
"In order to protect the men," Dean
Raymond A. Kent of Northwestern
University has announced that a new
law is in effect providing that there
must be 450 men in the university for
I every 350 women.
"In order to protect the men," Dean
Raymond A. Kent of Northwestern
University has announced that a new
law is in effect providing that there
must be 450 men in the university for
I every 350 women.
"In order to protect the men," Dean
Raymond A. Kent of Northwestern
University has announced that a new
law is in effect providing that there
must be 450 men in the university for
I every 350 women.
"In order to protect the men," Dean
Raymond A. Kent of Northwestern
University has announced that a new
law is in effect providing that there
must be 450 men in the university for
I every 350 women.
"In order to protect the men," Dean
Raymond A. Kent of Northwestern
University has announced that a new
law is in effect providing that there
must be 450 men in the university for
I every 350 women.
"In order to protect the men," Dean
Raymond A. Kent of Northwestern
University has announced that a new
law is in effect providing that there
must be 450 men in the university for
I every 350 women.
"In order to protect the men," Dean
Raymond A. Kent of Northwestern
University has announced that a new
law is in effect providing that there
must be 450 men in the university for
I every 350 women.
"In order to protect the men," Dean
Raymond A. Kent of Northwestern
University has announced that a new
law is in effect providing that there
must be 450 men in the university for
I every 350 women.
"In order to protect the men," Dean
Raymond A. Kent of Northwestern
University has announced that a new
law is in effect providing that there
must be 450 men in the university for
I every 350 women.
"In order to protect the men," Dean
Raymond A. Kent of Northwestern
University has announced that a new
law is in effect providing that there
must be 450 men in the university for
I every 350 women.
"In order to protect the men," Dean
Raymond A. Kent of Northwestern
University has announced that a new
law is in effect providing that there
must be 450 men in the university for
I every 350 women.
"In order to protect the men," Dean
Raymond A. Kent of Northwestern
University has announced that a new
law is in effect providing that there
must be 450 men in the university for
I every 350 women.
