# Children's Reading Will Be Dr. Bailey's Subject
## 
### 
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will speak at the meeting
of t'-o Stanford Dames tomorrow after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse, on Children's Reading. She
will discuss what children should
road, what they should not read, and
what they like to read. She will also
suggest methods of directing their
reading along profitable lines.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will speak at the meeting
of t'-o Stanford Dames tomorrow after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse, on Children's Reading. She
will discuss what children should
road, what they should not read, and
what they like to read. She will also
suggest methods of directing their
reading along profitable lines.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will speak at the meeting
of t'-o Stanford Dames tomorrow after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse, on Children's Reading. She
will discuss what children should
road, what they should not read, and
what they like to read. She will also
suggest methods of directing their
reading along profitable lines.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will speak at the meeting
of t'-o Stanford Dames tomorrow after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse, on Children's Reading. She
will discuss what children should
road, what they should not read, and
what they like to read. She will also
suggest methods of directing their
reading along profitable lines.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will speak at the meeting
of t'-o Stanford Dames tomorrow after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse, on Children's Reading. She
will discuss what children should
road, what they should not read, and
what they like to read. She will also
suggest methods of directing their
reading along profitable lines.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will speak at the meeting
of t'-o Stanford Dames tomorrow after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse, on Children's Reading. She
will discuss what children should
road, what they should not read, and
what they like to read. She will also
suggest methods of directing their
reading along profitable lines.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will speak at the meeting
of t'-o Stanford Dames tomorrow after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse, on Children's Reading. She
will discuss what children should
road, what they should not read, and
what they like to read. She will also
suggest methods of directing their
reading along profitable lines.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will speak at the meeting
of t'-o Stanford Dames tomorrow after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse, on Children's Reading. She
will discuss what children should
road, what they should not read, and
what they like to read. She will also
suggest methods of directing their
reading along profitable lines.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will speak at the meeting
of t'-o Stanford Dames tomorrow after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse, on Children's Reading. She
will discuss what children should
road, what they should not read, and
what they like to read. She will also
suggest methods of directing their
reading along profitable lines.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will speak at the meeting
of t'-o Stanford Dames tomorrow after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse, on Children's Reading. She
will discuss what children should
road, what they should not read, and
what they like to read. She will also
suggest methods of directing their
reading along profitable lines.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will speak at the meeting
of t'-o Stanford Dames tomorrow after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse, on Children's Reading. She
will discuss what children should
road, what they should not read, and
what they like to read. She will also
suggest methods of directing their
reading along profitable lines.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will speak at the meeting
of t'-o Stanford Dames tomorrow after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse, on Children's Reading. She
will discuss what children should
road, what they should not read, and
what they like to read. She will also
suggest methods of directing their
reading along profitable lines.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will speak at the meeting
of t'-o Stanford Dames tomorrow after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse, on Children's Reading. She
will discuss what children should
road, what they should not read, and
what they like to read. She will also
suggest methods of directing their
reading along profitable lines.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will speak at the meeting
of t'-o Stanford Dames tomorrow after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse, on Children's Reading. She
will discuss what children should
road, what they should not read, and
what they like to read. She will also
suggest methods of directing their
reading along profitable lines.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
department, will speak at the meeting
of t'-o Stanford Dames tomorrow after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse, on Children's Reading. She
will discuss what children should
road, what they should not read, and
what they like to read. She will also
suggest methods of directing their
reading along profitable lines.
