# Adv. 34 Page 4
## 
### 
STEREO SALE
$l.OO OFF
regular price on our
entire stock of
STEREO RECORDS
HACE’S
166 UNIVERSITY
Downtown Palo Alto
Open Mon., Thurs. and
Fri. Nights to 9
STEREO SALE
$l.OO OFF
regular price on our
entire stock of
STEREO RECORDS
HACE’S
166 UNIVERSITY
Downtown Palo Alto
Open Mon., Thurs. and
Fri. Nights to 9
STEREO SALE
$l.OO OFF
regular price on our
entire stock of
STEREO RECORDS
HACE’S
166 UNIVERSITY
Downtown Palo Alto
Open Mon., Thurs. and
Fri. Nights to 9
STEREO SALE
$l.OO OFF
regular price on our
entire stock of
STEREO RECORDS
HACE’S
166 UNIVERSITY
Downtown Palo Alto
Open Mon., Thurs. and
Fri. Nights to 9
STEREO SALE
$l.OO OFF
regular price on our
entire stock of
STEREO RECORDS
HACE’S
166 UNIVERSITY
Downtown Palo Alto
Open Mon., Thurs. and
Fri. Nights to 9
STEREO SALE
$l.OO OFF
regular price on our
entire stock of
STEREO RECORDS
HACE’S
166 UNIVERSITY
Downtown Palo Alto
Open Mon., Thurs. and
Fri. Nights to 9
STEREO SALE
$l.OO OFF
regular price on our
entire stock of
STEREO RECORDS
HACE’S
166 UNIVERSITY
Downtown Palo Alto
Open Mon., Thurs. and
Fri. Nights to 9
STEREO SALE
$l.OO OFF
regular price on our
entire stock of
STEREO RECORDS
HACE’S
166 UNIVERSITY
Downtown Palo Alto
Open Mon., Thurs. and
Fri. Nights to 9
STEREO SALE
$l.OO OFF
regular price on our
entire stock of
STEREO RECORDS
HACE’S
166 UNIVERSITY
Downtown Palo Alto
Open Mon., Thurs. and
Fri. Nights to 9
STEREO SALE
$l.OO OFF
regular price on our
entire stock of
STEREO RECORDS
HACE’S
166 UNIVERSITY
Downtown Palo Alto
Open Mon., Thurs. and
Fri. Nights to 9
STEREO SALE
$l.OO OFF
regular price on our
entire stock of
STEREO RECORDS
HACE’S
166 UNIVERSITY
Downtown Palo Alto
Open Mon., Thurs. and
Fri. Nights to 9
STEREO SALE
$l.OO OFF
regular price on our
entire stock of
STEREO RECORDS
HACE’S
166 UNIVERSITY
Downtown Palo Alto
Open Mon., Thurs. and
Fri. Nights to 9
STEREO SALE
$l.OO OFF
regular price on our
entire stock of
STEREO RECORDS
HACE’S
166 UNIVERSITY
Downtown Palo Alto
Open Mon., Thurs. and
Fri. Nights to 9
STEREO SALE
$l.OO OFF
regular price on our
entire stock of
STEREO RECORDS
HACE’S
166 UNIVERSITY
Downtown Palo Alto
Open Mon., Thurs. and
Fri. Nights to 9
STEREO SALE
$l.OO OFF
regular price on our
entire stock of
STEREO RECORDS
HACE’S
166 UNIVERSITY
Downtown Palo Alto
Open Mon., Thurs. and
Fri. Nights to 9
STEREO SALE
$l.OO OFF
regular price on our
entire stock of
STEREO RECORDS
HACE’S
166 UNIVERSITY
Downtown Palo Alto
Open Mon., Thurs. and
Fri. Nights to 9
