# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Belgian minister of war M. IWundeleer reviews troops at Bastogne during ceremonies which presented the
Belgian citv with Croix de Guerre award for heroic resistance at the "battle-of-the-bulge" when Nazi gen
eral von Kundstedt temporarily bro*- " "?ugh Allied lines in December, 1944.

Belgian minister of war M. IWundeleer reviews troops at Bastogne during ceremonies which presented the
Belgian citv with Croix de Guerre award for heroic resistance at the "battle-of-the-bulge" when Nazi gen
eral von Kundstedt temporarily bro*- " "?ugh Allied lines in December, 1944.

Belgian minister of war M. IWundeleer reviews troops at Bastogne during ceremonies which presented the
Belgian citv with Croix de Guerre award for heroic resistance at the "battle-of-the-bulge" when Nazi gen
eral von Kundstedt temporarily bro*- " "?ugh Allied lines in December, 1944.

Belgian minister of war M. IWundeleer reviews troops at Bastogne during ceremonies which presented the
Belgian citv with Croix de Guerre award for heroic resistance at the "battle-of-the-bulge" when Nazi gen
eral von Kundstedt temporarily bro*- " "?ugh Allied lines in December, 1944.

Belgian minister of war M. IWundeleer reviews troops at Bastogne during ceremonies which presented the
Belgian citv with Croix de Guerre award for heroic resistance at the "battle-of-the-bulge" when Nazi gen
eral von Kundstedt temporarily bro*- " "?ugh Allied lines in December, 1944.

Belgian minister of war M. IWundeleer reviews troops at Bastogne during ceremonies which presented the
Belgian citv with Croix de Guerre award for heroic resistance at the "battle-of-the-bulge" when Nazi gen
eral von Kundstedt temporarily bro*- " "?ugh Allied lines in December, 1944.

Belgian minister of war M. IWundeleer reviews troops at Bastogne during ceremonies which presented the
Belgian citv with Croix de Guerre award for heroic resistance at the "battle-of-the-bulge" when Nazi gen
eral von Kundstedt temporarily bro*- " "?ugh Allied lines in December, 1944.

Belgian minister of war M. IWundeleer reviews troops at Bastogne during ceremonies which presented the
Belgian citv with Croix de Guerre award for heroic resistance at the "battle-of-the-bulge" when Nazi gen
eral von Kundstedt temporarily bro*- " "?ugh Allied lines in December, 1944.

Belgian minister of war M. IWundeleer reviews troops at Bastogne during ceremonies which presented the
Belgian citv with Croix de Guerre award for heroic resistance at the "battle-of-the-bulge" when Nazi gen
eral von Kundstedt temporarily bro*- " "?ugh Allied lines in December, 1944.

Belgian minister of war M. IWundeleer reviews troops at Bastogne during ceremonies which presented the
Belgian citv with Croix de Guerre award for heroic resistance at the "battle-of-the-bulge" when Nazi gen
eral von Kundstedt temporarily bro*- " "?ugh Allied lines in December, 1944.

Belgian minister of war M. IWundeleer reviews troops at Bastogne during ceremonies which presented the
Belgian citv with Croix de Guerre award for heroic resistance at the "battle-of-the-bulge" when Nazi gen
eral von Kundstedt temporarily bro*- " "?ugh Allied lines in December, 1944.

Belgian minister of war M. IWundeleer reviews troops at Bastogne during ceremonies which presented the
Belgian citv with Croix de Guerre award for heroic resistance at the "battle-of-the-bulge" when Nazi gen
eral von Kundstedt temporarily bro*- " "?ugh Allied lines in December, 1944.

Belgian minister of war M. IWundeleer reviews troops at Bastogne during ceremonies which presented the
Belgian citv with Croix de Guerre award for heroic resistance at the "battle-of-the-bulge" when Nazi gen
eral von Kundstedt temporarily bro*- " "?ugh Allied lines in December, 1944.

Belgian minister of war M. IWundeleer reviews troops at Bastogne during ceremonies which presented the
Belgian citv with Croix de Guerre award for heroic resistance at the "battle-of-the-bulge" when Nazi gen
eral von Kundstedt temporarily bro*- " "?ugh Allied lines in December, 1944.

Belgian minister of war M. IWundeleer reviews troops at Bastogne during ceremonies which presented the
Belgian citv with Croix de Guerre award for heroic resistance at the "battle-of-the-bulge" when Nazi gen
eral von Kundstedt temporarily bro*- " "?ugh Allied lines in December, 1944.
