# ‘Asia’ Series Topic Tonight
## 
### 
Dr. Stefan Osusky, former Czech
oslovak ambassador to France, will
speak tonight at the Tuesday Eve
ning Series on "Russia and Asia."
Dr. Osusky will begin his talk at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall. Students, faculty, and the
public may attend.
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music and director of the opera
workshop, will introduce the speak
er.
"What, of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrees
in philosophy, psychology, and law,
served as chairman of the Super
visory Committee of the League of
Nations. He was minister to the
Court of St. James in 1918 and sec
retary of the Czechoslovak delega
tion to the Peace Conference in
1919.
In addition, be was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
;yid the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
Dr. Stefan Osusky, former Czech
oslovak ambassador to France, will
speak tonight at the Tuesday Eve
ning Series on "Russia and Asia."
Dr. Osusky will begin his talk at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall. Students, faculty, and the
public may attend.
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music and director of the opera
workshop, will introduce the speak
er.
"What, of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrees
in philosophy, psychology, and law,
served as chairman of the Super
visory Committee of the League of
Nations. He was minister to the
Court of St. James in 1918 and sec
retary of the Czechoslovak delega
tion to the Peace Conference in
1919.
In addition, be was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
;yid the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
Dr. Stefan Osusky, former Czech
oslovak ambassador to France, will
speak tonight at the Tuesday Eve
ning Series on "Russia and Asia."
Dr. Osusky will begin his talk at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall. Students, faculty, and the
public may attend.
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music and director of the opera
workshop, will introduce the speak
er.
"What, of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrees
in philosophy, psychology, and law,
served as chairman of the Super
visory Committee of the League of
Nations. He was minister to the
Court of St. James in 1918 and sec
retary of the Czechoslovak delega
tion to the Peace Conference in
1919.
In addition, be was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
;yid the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
Dr. Stefan Osusky, former Czech
oslovak ambassador to France, will
speak tonight at the Tuesday Eve
ning Series on "Russia and Asia."
Dr. Osusky will begin his talk at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall. Students, faculty, and the
public may attend.
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music and director of the opera
workshop, will introduce the speak
er.
"What, of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrees
in philosophy, psychology, and law,
served as chairman of the Super
visory Committee of the League of
Nations. He was minister to the
Court of St. James in 1918 and sec
retary of the Czechoslovak delega
tion to the Peace Conference in
1919.
In addition, be was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
;yid the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
Dr. Stefan Osusky, former Czech
oslovak ambassador to France, will
speak tonight at the Tuesday Eve
ning Series on "Russia and Asia."
Dr. Osusky will begin his talk at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall. Students, faculty, and the
public may attend.
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music and director of the opera
workshop, will introduce the speak
er.
"What, of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrees
in philosophy, psychology, and law,
served as chairman of the Super
visory Committee of the League of
Nations. He was minister to the
Court of St. James in 1918 and sec
retary of the Czechoslovak delega
tion to the Peace Conference in
1919.
In addition, be was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
;yid the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
Dr. Stefan Osusky, former Czech
oslovak ambassador to France, will
speak tonight at the Tuesday Eve
ning Series on "Russia and Asia."
Dr. Osusky will begin his talk at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall. Students, faculty, and the
public may attend.
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music and director of the opera
workshop, will introduce the speak
er.
"What, of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrees
in philosophy, psychology, and law,
served as chairman of the Super
visory Committee of the League of
Nations. He was minister to the
Court of St. James in 1918 and sec
retary of the Czechoslovak delega
tion to the Peace Conference in
1919.
In addition, be was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
;yid the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
Dr. Stefan Osusky, former Czech
oslovak ambassador to France, will
speak tonight at the Tuesday Eve
ning Series on "Russia and Asia."
Dr. Osusky will begin his talk at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall. Students, faculty, and the
public may attend.
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music and director of the opera
workshop, will introduce the speak
er.
"What, of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrees
in philosophy, psychology, and law,
served as chairman of the Super
visory Committee of the League of
Nations. He was minister to the
Court of St. James in 1918 and sec
retary of the Czechoslovak delega
tion to the Peace Conference in
1919.
In addition, be was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
;yid the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
Dr. Stefan Osusky, former Czech
oslovak ambassador to France, will
speak tonight at the Tuesday Eve
ning Series on "Russia and Asia."
Dr. Osusky will begin his talk at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall. Students, faculty, and the
public may attend.
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music and director of the opera
workshop, will introduce the speak
er.
"What, of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrees
in philosophy, psychology, and law,
served as chairman of the Super
visory Committee of the League of
Nations. He was minister to the
Court of St. James in 1918 and sec
retary of the Czechoslovak delega
tion to the Peace Conference in
1919.
In addition, be was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
;yid the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
Dr. Stefan Osusky, former Czech
oslovak ambassador to France, will
speak tonight at the Tuesday Eve
ning Series on "Russia and Asia."
Dr. Osusky will begin his talk at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall. Students, faculty, and the
public may attend.
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music and director of the opera
workshop, will introduce the speak
er.
"What, of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrees
in philosophy, psychology, and law,
served as chairman of the Super
visory Committee of the League of
Nations. He was minister to the
Court of St. James in 1918 and sec
retary of the Czechoslovak delega
tion to the Peace Conference in
1919.
In addition, be was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
;yid the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
Dr. Stefan Osusky, former Czech
oslovak ambassador to France, will
speak tonight at the Tuesday Eve
ning Series on "Russia and Asia."
Dr. Osusky will begin his talk at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall. Students, faculty, and the
public may attend.
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music and director of the opera
workshop, will introduce the speak
er.
"What, of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrees
in philosophy, psychology, and law,
served as chairman of the Super
visory Committee of the League of
Nations. He was minister to the
Court of St. James in 1918 and sec
retary of the Czechoslovak delega
tion to the Peace Conference in
1919.
In addition, be was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
;yid the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
Dr. Stefan Osusky, former Czech
oslovak ambassador to France, will
speak tonight at the Tuesday Eve
ning Series on "Russia and Asia."
Dr. Osusky will begin his talk at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall. Students, faculty, and the
public may attend.
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music and director of the opera
workshop, will introduce the speak
er.
"What, of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrees
in philosophy, psychology, and law,
served as chairman of the Super
visory Committee of the League of
Nations. He was minister to the
Court of St. James in 1918 and sec
retary of the Czechoslovak delega
tion to the Peace Conference in
1919.
In addition, be was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
;yid the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
Dr. Stefan Osusky, former Czech
oslovak ambassador to France, will
speak tonight at the Tuesday Eve
ning Series on "Russia and Asia."
Dr. Osusky will begin his talk at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall. Students, faculty, and the
public may attend.
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music and director of the opera
workshop, will introduce the speak
er.
"What, of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrees
in philosophy, psychology, and law,
served as chairman of the Super
visory Committee of the League of
Nations. He was minister to the
Court of St. James in 1918 and sec
retary of the Czechoslovak delega
tion to the Peace Conference in
1919.
In addition, be was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
;yid the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
Dr. Stefan Osusky, former Czech
oslovak ambassador to France, will
speak tonight at the Tuesday Eve
ning Series on "Russia and Asia."
Dr. Osusky will begin his talk at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall. Students, faculty, and the
public may attend.
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music and director of the opera
workshop, will introduce the speak
er.
"What, of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrees
in philosophy, psychology, and law,
served as chairman of the Super
visory Committee of the League of
Nations. He was minister to the
Court of St. James in 1918 and sec
retary of the Czechoslovak delega
tion to the Peace Conference in
1919.
In addition, be was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
;yid the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
Dr. Stefan Osusky, former Czech
oslovak ambassador to France, will
speak tonight at the Tuesday Eve
ning Series on "Russia and Asia."
Dr. Osusky will begin his talk at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall. Students, faculty, and the
public may attend.
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music and director of the opera
workshop, will introduce the speak
er.
"What, of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrees
in philosophy, psychology, and law,
served as chairman of the Super
visory Committee of the League of
Nations. He was minister to the
Court of St. James in 1918 and sec
retary of the Czechoslovak delega
tion to the Peace Conference in
1919.
In addition, be was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
;yid the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
Dr. Stefan Osusky, former Czech
oslovak ambassador to France, will
speak tonight at the Tuesday Eve
ning Series on "Russia and Asia."
Dr. Osusky will begin his talk at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall. Students, faculty, and the
public may attend.
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music and director of the opera
workshop, will introduce the speak
er.
"What, of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrees
in philosophy, psychology, and law,
served as chairman of the Super
visory Committee of the League of
Nations. He was minister to the
Court of St. James in 1918 and sec
retary of the Czechoslovak delega
tion to the Peace Conference in
1919.
In addition, be was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
;yid the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
