# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Fireman 1/c Robert Iteimcnschnicdef lushes down five-inch shells
surplus ammunition is made ready for disposal in Pacific. Gigantic
task of Tort Chicago Naval Magazine, C'al., is returning and storing
ordnance from Pacific area.

Fireman 1/c Robert Iteimcnschnicdef lushes down five-inch shells
surplus ammunition is made ready for disposal in Pacific. Gigantic
task of Tort Chicago Naval Magazine, C'al., is returning and storing
ordnance from Pacific area.

Fireman 1/c Robert Iteimcnschnicdef lushes down five-inch shells
surplus ammunition is made ready for disposal in Pacific. Gigantic
task of Tort Chicago Naval Magazine, C'al., is returning and storing
ordnance from Pacific area.

Fireman 1/c Robert Iteimcnschnicdef lushes down five-inch shells
surplus ammunition is made ready for disposal in Pacific. Gigantic
task of Tort Chicago Naval Magazine, C'al., is returning and storing
ordnance from Pacific area.

Fireman 1/c Robert Iteimcnschnicdef lushes down five-inch shells
surplus ammunition is made ready for disposal in Pacific. Gigantic
task of Tort Chicago Naval Magazine, C'al., is returning and storing
ordnance from Pacific area.

Fireman 1/c Robert Iteimcnschnicdef lushes down five-inch shells
surplus ammunition is made ready for disposal in Pacific. Gigantic
task of Tort Chicago Naval Magazine, C'al., is returning and storing
ordnance from Pacific area.

Fireman 1/c Robert Iteimcnschnicdef lushes down five-inch shells
surplus ammunition is made ready for disposal in Pacific. Gigantic
task of Tort Chicago Naval Magazine, C'al., is returning and storing
ordnance from Pacific area.

Fireman 1/c Robert Iteimcnschnicdef lushes down five-inch shells
surplus ammunition is made ready for disposal in Pacific. Gigantic
task of Tort Chicago Naval Magazine, C'al., is returning and storing
ordnance from Pacific area.

Fireman 1/c Robert Iteimcnschnicdef lushes down five-inch shells
surplus ammunition is made ready for disposal in Pacific. Gigantic
task of Tort Chicago Naval Magazine, C'al., is returning and storing
ordnance from Pacific area.

Fireman 1/c Robert Iteimcnschnicdef lushes down five-inch shells
surplus ammunition is made ready for disposal in Pacific. Gigantic
task of Tort Chicago Naval Magazine, C'al., is returning and storing
ordnance from Pacific area.

Fireman 1/c Robert Iteimcnschnicdef lushes down five-inch shells
surplus ammunition is made ready for disposal in Pacific. Gigantic
task of Tort Chicago Naval Magazine, C'al., is returning and storing
ordnance from Pacific area.

Fireman 1/c Robert Iteimcnschnicdef lushes down five-inch shells
surplus ammunition is made ready for disposal in Pacific. Gigantic
task of Tort Chicago Naval Magazine, C'al., is returning and storing
ordnance from Pacific area.

Fireman 1/c Robert Iteimcnschnicdef lushes down five-inch shells
surplus ammunition is made ready for disposal in Pacific. Gigantic
task of Tort Chicago Naval Magazine, C'al., is returning and storing
ordnance from Pacific area.

Fireman 1/c Robert Iteimcnschnicdef lushes down five-inch shells
surplus ammunition is made ready for disposal in Pacific. Gigantic
task of Tort Chicago Naval Magazine, C'al., is returning and storing
ordnance from Pacific area.

Fireman 1/c Robert Iteimcnschnicdef lushes down five-inch shells
surplus ammunition is made ready for disposal in Pacific. Gigantic
task of Tort Chicago Naval Magazine, C'al., is returning and storing
ordnance from Pacific area.
