# Albertson Seeks Reinstatement.
## 
### 
Professor George C. Edwards,
chairman of the Faculty Athletic
Committee of the University of Cal
ifornia, still refuses to change his
position regarding the reinstate
ment of Captain Alhertson. Albert
son, however, has come out for
practice, and, with Manager Decoto,
has appealed to President Wheeler.
Whether President Wheeler will see
fit to reverse the decision of Pro
fessor Edwards is the question of
prominence just now across the hay.
Professor George C. Edwards,
chairman of the Faculty Athletic
Committee of the University of Cal
ifornia, still refuses to change his
position regarding the reinstate
ment of Captain Alhertson. Albert
son, however, has come out for
practice, and, with Manager Decoto,
has appealed to President Wheeler.
Whether President Wheeler will see
fit to reverse the decision of Pro
fessor Edwards is the question of
prominence just now across the hay.
Professor George C. Edwards,
chairman of the Faculty Athletic
Committee of the University of Cal
ifornia, still refuses to change his
position regarding the reinstate
ment of Captain Alhertson. Albert
son, however, has come out for
practice, and, with Manager Decoto,
has appealed to President Wheeler.
Whether President Wheeler will see
fit to reverse the decision of Pro
fessor Edwards is the question of
prominence just now across the hay.
Professor George C. Edwards,
chairman of the Faculty Athletic
Committee of the University of Cal
ifornia, still refuses to change his
position regarding the reinstate
ment of Captain Alhertson. Albert
son, however, has come out for
practice, and, with Manager Decoto,
has appealed to President Wheeler.
Whether President Wheeler will see
fit to reverse the decision of Pro
fessor Edwards is the question of
prominence just now across the hay.
Professor George C. Edwards,
chairman of the Faculty Athletic
Committee of the University of Cal
ifornia, still refuses to change his
position regarding the reinstate
ment of Captain Alhertson. Albert
son, however, has come out for
practice, and, with Manager Decoto,
has appealed to President Wheeler.
Whether President Wheeler will see
fit to reverse the decision of Pro
fessor Edwards is the question of
prominence just now across the hay.
Professor George C. Edwards,
chairman of the Faculty Athletic
Committee of the University of Cal
ifornia, still refuses to change his
position regarding the reinstate
ment of Captain Alhertson. Albert
son, however, has come out for
practice, and, with Manager Decoto,
has appealed to President Wheeler.
Whether President Wheeler will see
fit to reverse the decision of Pro
fessor Edwards is the question of
prominence just now across the hay.
Professor George C. Edwards,
chairman of the Faculty Athletic
Committee of the University of Cal
ifornia, still refuses to change his
position regarding the reinstate
ment of Captain Alhertson. Albert
son, however, has come out for
practice, and, with Manager Decoto,
has appealed to President Wheeler.
Whether President Wheeler will see
fit to reverse the decision of Pro
fessor Edwards is the question of
prominence just now across the hay.
