# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A branch of student body activity
which deserves the earnest support
of every man in the University will
be organized tonight. In the past,
the University Band has never held
the position nor received the [sup
port which was the just due for its
unselfish devotion to the interests of
the student body. Instead of en
couraging by its support those men
who devote their time and talents
to giving Stanford an organization

found elsewhere at only the largest
colleges in this country, the stu
dent body ha√ü persistently allowed
them to work nearly unheeded.
This year the University organist
will have charge of the Band. With
such a man at its head, the organi
zation should occupy a position it
has never before held. Every man
in college who can play any reed
instrument, should be willing to
contribute his services. A call for
support in athletics is always met
by a ready response. By all means
let there be an answer to this call
from men whose strains have
inspired so many Stanford teams to
victory.
