# WILL GIVE DRAMATIC READING.
## 
### 
Miss Dorothea Spinney, of Warwick.
England, will give a dramatic reading
of the Hippolytus, by Euripides, on
Wednesday evening, April 16th, at S
o'clock, in the Chapel. The reading,
which will be under the auspices of
the Classical Club, is open to the
public.
Miss Dorothea Spinney, of Warwick.
England, will give a dramatic reading
of the Hippolytus, by Euripides, on
Wednesday evening, April 16th, at S
o'clock, in the Chapel. The reading,
which will be under the auspices of
the Classical Club, is open to the
public.
Miss Dorothea Spinney, of Warwick.
England, will give a dramatic reading
of the Hippolytus, by Euripides, on
Wednesday evening, April 16th, at S
o'clock, in the Chapel. The reading,
which will be under the auspices of
the Classical Club, is open to the
public.
Miss Dorothea Spinney, of Warwick.
England, will give a dramatic reading
of the Hippolytus, by Euripides, on
Wednesday evening, April 16th, at S
o'clock, in the Chapel. The reading,
which will be under the auspices of
the Classical Club, is open to the
public.
Miss Dorothea Spinney, of Warwick.
England, will give a dramatic reading
of the Hippolytus, by Euripides, on
Wednesday evening, April 16th, at S
o'clock, in the Chapel. The reading,
which will be under the auspices of
the Classical Club, is open to the
public.
Miss Dorothea Spinney, of Warwick.
England, will give a dramatic reading
of the Hippolytus, by Euripides, on
Wednesday evening, April 16th, at S
o'clock, in the Chapel. The reading,
which will be under the auspices of
the Classical Club, is open to the
public.
Miss Dorothea Spinney, of Warwick.
England, will give a dramatic reading
of the Hippolytus, by Euripides, on
Wednesday evening, April 16th, at S
o'clock, in the Chapel. The reading,
which will be under the auspices of
the Classical Club, is open to the
public.
Miss Dorothea Spinney, of Warwick.
England, will give a dramatic reading
of the Hippolytus, by Euripides, on
Wednesday evening, April 16th, at S
o'clock, in the Chapel. The reading,
which will be under the auspices of
the Classical Club, is open to the
public.
Miss Dorothea Spinney, of Warwick.
England, will give a dramatic reading
of the Hippolytus, by Euripides, on
Wednesday evening, April 16th, at S
o'clock, in the Chapel. The reading,
which will be under the auspices of
the Classical Club, is open to the
public.
Miss Dorothea Spinney, of Warwick.
England, will give a dramatic reading
of the Hippolytus, by Euripides, on
Wednesday evening, April 16th, at S
o'clock, in the Chapel. The reading,
which will be under the auspices of
the Classical Club, is open to the
public.
Miss Dorothea Spinney, of Warwick.
England, will give a dramatic reading
of the Hippolytus, by Euripides, on
Wednesday evening, April 16th, at S
o'clock, in the Chapel. The reading,
which will be under the auspices of
the Classical Club, is open to the
public.
Miss Dorothea Spinney, of Warwick.
England, will give a dramatic reading
of the Hippolytus, by Euripides, on
Wednesday evening, April 16th, at S
o'clock, in the Chapel. The reading,
which will be under the auspices of
the Classical Club, is open to the
public.
Miss Dorothea Spinney, of Warwick.
England, will give a dramatic reading
of the Hippolytus, by Euripides, on
Wednesday evening, April 16th, at S
o'clock, in the Chapel. The reading,
which will be under the auspices of
the Classical Club, is open to the
public.
Miss Dorothea Spinney, of Warwick.
England, will give a dramatic reading
of the Hippolytus, by Euripides, on
Wednesday evening, April 16th, at S
o'clock, in the Chapel. The reading,
which will be under the auspices of
the Classical Club, is open to the
public.
