# Adv. 41 Page 13
## 
### 
■ i =a>
You've never
seen anything
like it. . .
A nocturnal animal, it
i has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes ro
bed lore five nighrs a
i week, writes heads,
toys pages, makes •
adlines, deadlines,
outlines and pics, ears
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
■ i =a>
You've never
seen anything
like it. . .
A nocturnal animal, it
i has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes ro
bed lore five nighrs a
i week, writes heads,
toys pages, makes •
adlines, deadlines,
outlines and pics, ears
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
■ i =a>
You've never
seen anything
like it. . .
A nocturnal animal, it
i has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes ro
bed lore five nighrs a
i week, writes heads,
toys pages, makes •
adlines, deadlines,
outlines and pics, ears
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
■ i =a>
You've never
seen anything
like it. . .
A nocturnal animal, it
i has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes ro
bed lore five nighrs a
i week, writes heads,
toys pages, makes •
adlines, deadlines,
outlines and pics, ears
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
■ i =a>
You've never
seen anything
like it. . .
A nocturnal animal, it
i has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes ro
bed lore five nighrs a
i week, writes heads,
toys pages, makes •
adlines, deadlines,
outlines and pics, ears
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
■ i =a>
You've never
seen anything
like it. . .
A nocturnal animal, it
i has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes ro
bed lore five nighrs a
i week, writes heads,
toys pages, makes •
adlines, deadlines,
outlines and pics, ears
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
■ i =a>
You've never
seen anything
like it. . .
A nocturnal animal, it
i has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes ro
bed lore five nighrs a
i week, writes heads,
toys pages, makes •
adlines, deadlines,
outlines and pics, ears
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
■ i =a>
You've never
seen anything
like it. . .
A nocturnal animal, it
i has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes ro
bed lore five nighrs a
i week, writes heads,
toys pages, makes •
adlines, deadlines,
outlines and pics, ears
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
■ i =a>
You've never
seen anything
like it. . .
A nocturnal animal, it
i has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes ro
bed lore five nighrs a
i week, writes heads,
toys pages, makes •
adlines, deadlines,
outlines and pics, ears
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
