# Frosh 9 Wins
## 
### 
Two doubles, a triple and two
home runs highlighted the Stan
ford freshmen's 17-2 massacre of
the Cal frosh here Saturday. The
Papooses picked up 15 hits and
capitalized on 11 Bear errors.
Papoose hurler Terry Lindeman
and Cal pitcher Bill Montgomery
were locked in a scoreless duel
until the bottom of the fourth
when Stanford catcher John Sim
mons led off with a booming dou
ble. Papoose hitters collected four
other extra-base blows, which in
eluded John Hurlbut's double,
Larry Shepp's triple, a homer by
Lindeman and one by Mike Ber
tolet with two aboard.
California 000 002 000— 2 5 11
Stanford 000 336 32x—17 15 3
Montgomery, Pridom (0), Mill
house (7) and Hobbs, Stafford
(0), Krng (H). Lindeman, Carter
(!)) and Simmons, Haley (7).
Two doubles, a triple and two
home runs highlighted the Stan
ford freshmen's 17-2 massacre of
the Cal frosh here Saturday. The
Papooses picked up 15 hits and
capitalized on 11 Bear errors.
Papoose hurler Terry Lindeman
and Cal pitcher Bill Montgomery
were locked in a scoreless duel
until the bottom of the fourth
when Stanford catcher John Sim
mons led off with a booming dou
ble. Papoose hitters collected four
other extra-base blows, which in
eluded John Hurlbut's double,
Larry Shepp's triple, a homer by
Lindeman and one by Mike Ber
tolet with two aboard.
California 000 002 000— 2 5 11
Stanford 000 336 32x—17 15 3
Montgomery, Pridom (0), Mill
house (7) and Hobbs, Stafford
(0), Krng (H). Lindeman, Carter
(!)) and Simmons, Haley (7).
Two doubles, a triple and two
home runs highlighted the Stan
ford freshmen's 17-2 massacre of
the Cal frosh here Saturday. The
Papooses picked up 15 hits and
capitalized on 11 Bear errors.
Papoose hurler Terry Lindeman
and Cal pitcher Bill Montgomery
were locked in a scoreless duel
until the bottom of the fourth
when Stanford catcher John Sim
mons led off with a booming dou
ble. Papoose hitters collected four
other extra-base blows, which in
eluded John Hurlbut's double,
Larry Shepp's triple, a homer by
Lindeman and one by Mike Ber
tolet with two aboard.
California 000 002 000— 2 5 11
Stanford 000 336 32x—17 15 3
Montgomery, Pridom (0), Mill
house (7) and Hobbs, Stafford
(0), Krng (H). Lindeman, Carter
(!)) and Simmons, Haley (7).
Two doubles, a triple and two
home runs highlighted the Stan
ford freshmen's 17-2 massacre of
the Cal frosh here Saturday. The
Papooses picked up 15 hits and
capitalized on 11 Bear errors.
Papoose hurler Terry Lindeman
and Cal pitcher Bill Montgomery
were locked in a scoreless duel
until the bottom of the fourth
when Stanford catcher John Sim
mons led off with a booming dou
ble. Papoose hitters collected four
other extra-base blows, which in
eluded John Hurlbut's double,
Larry Shepp's triple, a homer by
Lindeman and one by Mike Ber
tolet with two aboard.
California 000 002 000— 2 5 11
Stanford 000 336 32x—17 15 3
Montgomery, Pridom (0), Mill
house (7) and Hobbs, Stafford
(0), Krng (H). Lindeman, Carter
(!)) and Simmons, Haley (7).
Two doubles, a triple and two
home runs highlighted the Stan
ford freshmen's 17-2 massacre of
the Cal frosh here Saturday. The
Papooses picked up 15 hits and
capitalized on 11 Bear errors.
Papoose hurler Terry Lindeman
and Cal pitcher Bill Montgomery
were locked in a scoreless duel
until the bottom of the fourth
when Stanford catcher John Sim
mons led off with a booming dou
ble. Papoose hitters collected four
other extra-base blows, which in
eluded John Hurlbut's double,
Larry Shepp's triple, a homer by
Lindeman and one by Mike Ber
tolet with two aboard.
California 000 002 000— 2 5 11
Stanford 000 336 32x—17 15 3
Montgomery, Pridom (0), Mill
house (7) and Hobbs, Stafford
(0), Krng (H). Lindeman, Carter
(!)) and Simmons, Haley (7).
Two doubles, a triple and two
home runs highlighted the Stan
ford freshmen's 17-2 massacre of
the Cal frosh here Saturday. The
Papooses picked up 15 hits and
capitalized on 11 Bear errors.
Papoose hurler Terry Lindeman
and Cal pitcher Bill Montgomery
were locked in a scoreless duel
until the bottom of the fourth
when Stanford catcher John Sim
mons led off with a booming dou
ble. Papoose hitters collected four
other extra-base blows, which in
eluded John Hurlbut's double,
Larry Shepp's triple, a homer by
Lindeman and one by Mike Ber
tolet with two aboard.
California 000 002 000— 2 5 11
Stanford 000 336 32x—17 15 3
Montgomery, Pridom (0), Mill
house (7) and Hobbs, Stafford
(0), Krng (H). Lindeman, Carter
(!)) and Simmons, Haley (7).
Two doubles, a triple and two
home runs highlighted the Stan
ford freshmen's 17-2 massacre of
the Cal frosh here Saturday. The
Papooses picked up 15 hits and
capitalized on 11 Bear errors.
Papoose hurler Terry Lindeman
and Cal pitcher Bill Montgomery
were locked in a scoreless duel
until the bottom of the fourth
when Stanford catcher John Sim
mons led off with a booming dou
ble. Papoose hitters collected four
other extra-base blows, which in
eluded John Hurlbut's double,
Larry Shepp's triple, a homer by
Lindeman and one by Mike Ber
tolet with two aboard.
California 000 002 000— 2 5 11
Stanford 000 336 32x—17 15 3
Montgomery, Pridom (0), Mill
house (7) and Hobbs, Stafford
(0), Krng (H). Lindeman, Carter
(!)) and Simmons, Haley (7).
Two doubles, a triple and two
home runs highlighted the Stan
ford freshmen's 17-2 massacre of
the Cal frosh here Saturday. The
Papooses picked up 15 hits and
capitalized on 11 Bear errors.
Papoose hurler Terry Lindeman
and Cal pitcher Bill Montgomery
were locked in a scoreless duel
until the bottom of the fourth
when Stanford catcher John Sim
mons led off with a booming dou
ble. Papoose hitters collected four
other extra-base blows, which in
eluded John Hurlbut's double,
Larry Shepp's triple, a homer by
Lindeman and one by Mike Ber
tolet with two aboard.
California 000 002 000— 2 5 11
Stanford 000 336 32x—17 15 3
Montgomery, Pridom (0), Mill
house (7) and Hobbs, Stafford
(0), Krng (H). Lindeman, Carter
(!)) and Simmons, Haley (7).
Two doubles, a triple and two
home runs highlighted the Stan
ford freshmen's 17-2 massacre of
the Cal frosh here Saturday. The
Papooses picked up 15 hits and
capitalized on 11 Bear errors.
Papoose hurler Terry Lindeman
and Cal pitcher Bill Montgomery
were locked in a scoreless duel
until the bottom of the fourth
when Stanford catcher John Sim
mons led off with a booming dou
ble. Papoose hitters collected four
other extra-base blows, which in
eluded John Hurlbut's double,
Larry Shepp's triple, a homer by
Lindeman and one by Mike Ber
tolet with two aboard.
California 000 002 000— 2 5 11
Stanford 000 336 32x—17 15 3
Montgomery, Pridom (0), Mill
house (7) and Hobbs, Stafford
(0), Krng (H). Lindeman, Carter
(!)) and Simmons, Haley (7).
Two doubles, a triple and two
home runs highlighted the Stan
ford freshmen's 17-2 massacre of
the Cal frosh here Saturday. The
Papooses picked up 15 hits and
capitalized on 11 Bear errors.
Papoose hurler Terry Lindeman
and Cal pitcher Bill Montgomery
were locked in a scoreless duel
until the bottom of the fourth
when Stanford catcher John Sim
mons led off with a booming dou
ble. Papoose hitters collected four
other extra-base blows, which in
eluded John Hurlbut's double,
Larry Shepp's triple, a homer by
Lindeman and one by Mike Ber
tolet with two aboard.
California 000 002 000— 2 5 11
Stanford 000 336 32x—17 15 3
Montgomery, Pridom (0), Mill
house (7) and Hobbs, Stafford
(0), Krng (H). Lindeman, Carter
(!)) and Simmons, Haley (7).
Two doubles, a triple and two
home runs highlighted the Stan
ford freshmen's 17-2 massacre of
the Cal frosh here Saturday. The
Papooses picked up 15 hits and
capitalized on 11 Bear errors.
Papoose hurler Terry Lindeman
and Cal pitcher Bill Montgomery
were locked in a scoreless duel
until the bottom of the fourth
when Stanford catcher John Sim
mons led off with a booming dou
ble. Papoose hitters collected four
other extra-base blows, which in
eluded John Hurlbut's double,
Larry Shepp's triple, a homer by
Lindeman and one by Mike Ber
tolet with two aboard.
California 000 002 000— 2 5 11
Stanford 000 336 32x—17 15 3
Montgomery, Pridom (0), Mill
house (7) and Hobbs, Stafford
(0), Krng (H). Lindeman, Carter
(!)) and Simmons, Haley (7).
Two doubles, a triple and two
home runs highlighted the Stan
ford freshmen's 17-2 massacre of
the Cal frosh here Saturday. The
Papooses picked up 15 hits and
capitalized on 11 Bear errors.
Papoose hurler Terry Lindeman
and Cal pitcher Bill Montgomery
were locked in a scoreless duel
until the bottom of the fourth
when Stanford catcher John Sim
mons led off with a booming dou
ble. Papoose hitters collected four
other extra-base blows, which in
eluded John Hurlbut's double,
Larry Shepp's triple, a homer by
Lindeman and one by Mike Ber
tolet with two aboard.
California 000 002 000— 2 5 11
Stanford 000 336 32x—17 15 3
Montgomery, Pridom (0), Mill
house (7) and Hobbs, Stafford
(0), Krng (H). Lindeman, Carter
(!)) and Simmons, Haley (7).
Two doubles, a triple and two
home runs highlighted the Stan
ford freshmen's 17-2 massacre of
the Cal frosh here Saturday. The
Papooses picked up 15 hits and
capitalized on 11 Bear errors.
Papoose hurler Terry Lindeman
and Cal pitcher Bill Montgomery
were locked in a scoreless duel
until the bottom of the fourth
when Stanford catcher John Sim
mons led off with a booming dou
ble. Papoose hitters collected four
other extra-base blows, which in
eluded John Hurlbut's double,
Larry Shepp's triple, a homer by
Lindeman and one by Mike Ber
tolet with two aboard.
California 000 002 000— 2 5 11
Stanford 000 336 32x—17 15 3
Montgomery, Pridom (0), Mill
house (7) and Hobbs, Stafford
(0), Krng (H). Lindeman, Carter
(!)) and Simmons, Haley (7).
Two doubles, a triple and two
home runs highlighted the Stan
ford freshmen's 17-2 massacre of
the Cal frosh here Saturday. The
Papooses picked up 15 hits and
capitalized on 11 Bear errors.
Papoose hurler Terry Lindeman
and Cal pitcher Bill Montgomery
were locked in a scoreless duel
until the bottom of the fourth
when Stanford catcher John Sim
mons led off with a booming dou
ble. Papoose hitters collected four
other extra-base blows, which in
eluded John Hurlbut's double,
Larry Shepp's triple, a homer by
Lindeman and one by Mike Ber
tolet with two aboard.
California 000 002 000— 2 5 11
Stanford 000 336 32x—17 15 3
Montgomery, Pridom (0), Mill
house (7) and Hobbs, Stafford
(0), Krng (H). Lindeman, Carter
(!)) and Simmons, Haley (7).
Two doubles, a triple and two
home runs highlighted the Stan
ford freshmen's 17-2 massacre of
the Cal frosh here Saturday. The
Papooses picked up 15 hits and
capitalized on 11 Bear errors.
Papoose hurler Terry Lindeman
and Cal pitcher Bill Montgomery
were locked in a scoreless duel
until the bottom of the fourth
when Stanford catcher John Sim
mons led off with a booming dou
ble. Papoose hitters collected four
other extra-base blows, which in
eluded John Hurlbut's double,
Larry Shepp's triple, a homer by
Lindeman and one by Mike Ber
tolet with two aboard.
California 000 002 000— 2 5 11
Stanford 000 336 32x—17 15 3
Montgomery, Pridom (0), Mill
house (7) and Hobbs, Stafford
(0), Krng (H). Lindeman, Carter
(!)) and Simmons, Haley (7).
Two doubles, a triple and two
home runs highlighted the Stan
ford freshmen's 17-2 massacre of
the Cal frosh here Saturday. The
Papooses picked up 15 hits and
capitalized on 11 Bear errors.
Papoose hurler Terry Lindeman
and Cal pitcher Bill Montgomery
were locked in a scoreless duel
until the bottom of the fourth
when Stanford catcher John Sim
mons led off with a booming dou
ble. Papoose hitters collected four
other extra-base blows, which in
eluded John Hurlbut's double,
Larry Shepp's triple, a homer by
Lindeman and one by Mike Ber
tolet with two aboard.
California 000 002 000— 2 5 11
Stanford 000 336 32x—17 15 3
Montgomery, Pridom (0), Mill
house (7) and Hobbs, Stafford
(0), Krng (H). Lindeman, Carter
(!)) and Simmons, Haley (7).
Two doubles, a triple and two
home runs highlighted the Stan
ford freshmen's 17-2 massacre of
the Cal frosh here Saturday. The
Papooses picked up 15 hits and
capitalized on 11 Bear errors.
Papoose hurler Terry Lindeman
and Cal pitcher Bill Montgomery
were locked in a scoreless duel
until the bottom of the fourth
when Stanford catcher John Sim
mons led off with a booming dou
ble. Papoose hitters collected four
other extra-base blows, which in
eluded John Hurlbut's double,
Larry Shepp's triple, a homer by
Lindeman and one by Mike Ber
tolet with two aboard.
California 000 002 000— 2 5 11
Stanford 000 336 32x—17 15 3
Montgomery, Pridom (0), Mill
house (7) and Hobbs, Stafford
(0), Krng (H). Lindeman, Carter
(!)) and Simmons, Haley (7).
