# New $400,000 Fund
## 
### 

Dean Witter (right), internationally known San Francisco invest
ment banker, and President Wallace Sterling meet iti front of the
Graduate School of Business to discuss a new endowment fund.
Members of Witter's family and friends established the fund to
endow a distinguished professorship in finance. Coal is $100,(100.
It was established in honor of the banker's 70tb birthday.

Dean Witter (right), internationally known San Francisco invest
ment banker, and President Wallace Sterling meet iti front of the
Graduate School of Business to discuss a new endowment fund.
Members of Witter's family and friends established the fund to
endow a distinguished professorship in finance. Coal is $100,(100.
It was established in honor of the banker's 70tb birthday.

Dean Witter (right), internationally known San Francisco invest
ment banker, and President Wallace Sterling meet iti front of the
Graduate School of Business to discuss a new endowment fund.
Members of Witter's family and friends established the fund to
endow a distinguished professorship in finance. Coal is $100,(100.
It was established in honor of the banker's 70tb birthday.

Dean Witter (right), internationally known San Francisco invest
ment banker, and President Wallace Sterling meet iti front of the
Graduate School of Business to discuss a new endowment fund.
Members of Witter's family and friends established the fund to
endow a distinguished professorship in finance. Coal is $100,(100.
It was established in honor of the banker's 70tb birthday.

Dean Witter (right), internationally known San Francisco invest
ment banker, and President Wallace Sterling meet iti front of the
Graduate School of Business to discuss a new endowment fund.
Members of Witter's family and friends established the fund to
endow a distinguished professorship in finance. Coal is $100,(100.
It was established in honor of the banker's 70tb birthday.

Dean Witter (right), internationally known San Francisco invest
ment banker, and President Wallace Sterling meet iti front of the
Graduate School of Business to discuss a new endowment fund.
Members of Witter's family and friends established the fund to
endow a distinguished professorship in finance. Coal is $100,(100.
It was established in honor of the banker's 70tb birthday.

Dean Witter (right), internationally known San Francisco invest
ment banker, and President Wallace Sterling meet iti front of the
Graduate School of Business to discuss a new endowment fund.
Members of Witter's family and friends established the fund to
endow a distinguished professorship in finance. Coal is $100,(100.
It was established in honor of the banker's 70tb birthday.

Dean Witter (right), internationally known San Francisco invest
ment banker, and President Wallace Sterling meet iti front of the
Graduate School of Business to discuss a new endowment fund.
Members of Witter's family and friends established the fund to
endow a distinguished professorship in finance. Coal is $100,(100.
It was established in honor of the banker's 70tb birthday.

Dean Witter (right), internationally known San Francisco invest
ment banker, and President Wallace Sterling meet iti front of the
Graduate School of Business to discuss a new endowment fund.
Members of Witter's family and friends established the fund to
endow a distinguished professorship in finance. Coal is $100,(100.
It was established in honor of the banker's 70tb birthday.

Dean Witter (right), internationally known San Francisco invest
ment banker, and President Wallace Sterling meet iti front of the
Graduate School of Business to discuss a new endowment fund.
Members of Witter's family and friends established the fund to
endow a distinguished professorship in finance. Coal is $100,(100.
It was established in honor of the banker's 70tb birthday.

Dean Witter (right), internationally known San Francisco invest
ment banker, and President Wallace Sterling meet iti front of the
Graduate School of Business to discuss a new endowment fund.
Members of Witter's family and friends established the fund to
endow a distinguished professorship in finance. Coal is $100,(100.
It was established in honor of the banker's 70tb birthday.

Dean Witter (right), internationally known San Francisco invest
ment banker, and President Wallace Sterling meet iti front of the
Graduate School of Business to discuss a new endowment fund.
Members of Witter's family and friends established the fund to
endow a distinguished professorship in finance. Coal is $100,(100.
It was established in honor of the banker's 70tb birthday.

Dean Witter (right), internationally known San Francisco invest
ment banker, and President Wallace Sterling meet iti front of the
Graduate School of Business to discuss a new endowment fund.
Members of Witter's family and friends established the fund to
endow a distinguished professorship in finance. Coal is $100,(100.
It was established in honor of the banker's 70tb birthday.

Dean Witter (right), internationally known San Francisco invest
ment banker, and President Wallace Sterling meet iti front of the
Graduate School of Business to discuss a new endowment fund.
Members of Witter's family and friends established the fund to
endow a distinguished professorship in finance. Coal is $100,(100.
It was established in honor of the banker's 70tb birthday.

Dean Witter (right), internationally known San Francisco invest
ment banker, and President Wallace Sterling meet iti front of the
Graduate School of Business to discuss a new endowment fund.
Members of Witter's family and friends established the fund to
endow a distinguished professorship in finance. Coal is $100,(100.
It was established in honor of the banker's 70tb birthday.

Dean Witter (right), internationally known San Francisco invest
ment banker, and President Wallace Sterling meet iti front of the
Graduate School of Business to discuss a new endowment fund.
Members of Witter's family and friends established the fund to
endow a distinguished professorship in finance. Coal is $100,(100.
It was established in honor of the banker's 70tb birthday.

Dean Witter (right), internationally known San Francisco invest
ment banker, and President Wallace Sterling meet iti front of the
Graduate School of Business to discuss a new endowment fund.
Members of Witter's family and friends established the fund to
endow a distinguished professorship in finance. Coal is $100,(100.
It was established in honor of the banker's 70tb birthday.
