# A 						Phi O Returns
## 
### 
The A Phi O book and check re
turn will be held today and tomor
row from 9 a.m. to noon and 1 to
4 p.m. in Temporary Building A
-30 by the Civ Library. Students
are reminded to bring their re
ceipt stubs.
The A Phi O book and check re
turn will be held today and tomor
row from 9 a.m. to noon and 1 to
4 p.m. in Temporary Building A
-30 by the Civ Library. Students
are reminded to bring their re
ceipt stubs.
The A Phi O book and check re
turn will be held today and tomor
row from 9 a.m. to noon and 1 to
4 p.m. in Temporary Building A
-30 by the Civ Library. Students
are reminded to bring their re
ceipt stubs.
The A Phi O book and check re
turn will be held today and tomor
row from 9 a.m. to noon and 1 to
4 p.m. in Temporary Building A
-30 by the Civ Library. Students
are reminded to bring their re
ceipt stubs.
The A Phi O book and check re
turn will be held today and tomor
row from 9 a.m. to noon and 1 to
4 p.m. in Temporary Building A
-30 by the Civ Library. Students
are reminded to bring their re
ceipt stubs.
The A Phi O book and check re
turn will be held today and tomor
row from 9 a.m. to noon and 1 to
4 p.m. in Temporary Building A
-30 by the Civ Library. Students
are reminded to bring their re
ceipt stubs.
The A Phi O book and check re
turn will be held today and tomor
row from 9 a.m. to noon and 1 to
4 p.m. in Temporary Building A
-30 by the Civ Library. Students
are reminded to bring their re
ceipt stubs.
The A Phi O book and check re
turn will be held today and tomor
row from 9 a.m. to noon and 1 to
4 p.m. in Temporary Building A
-30 by the Civ Library. Students
are reminded to bring their re
ceipt stubs.
The A Phi O book and check re
turn will be held today and tomor
row from 9 a.m. to noon and 1 to
4 p.m. in Temporary Building A
-30 by the Civ Library. Students
are reminded to bring their re
ceipt stubs.
The A Phi O book and check re
turn will be held today and tomor
row from 9 a.m. to noon and 1 to
4 p.m. in Temporary Building A
-30 by the Civ Library. Students
are reminded to bring their re
ceipt stubs.
The A Phi O book and check re
turn will be held today and tomor
row from 9 a.m. to noon and 1 to
4 p.m. in Temporary Building A
-30 by the Civ Library. Students
are reminded to bring their re
ceipt stubs.
The A Phi O book and check re
turn will be held today and tomor
row from 9 a.m. to noon and 1 to
4 p.m. in Temporary Building A
-30 by the Civ Library. Students
are reminded to bring their re
ceipt stubs.
The A Phi O book and check re
turn will be held today and tomor
row from 9 a.m. to noon and 1 to
4 p.m. in Temporary Building A
-30 by the Civ Library. Students
are reminded to bring their re
ceipt stubs.
The A Phi O book and check re
turn will be held today and tomor
row from 9 a.m. to noon and 1 to
4 p.m. in Temporary Building A
-30 by the Civ Library. Students
are reminded to bring their re
ceipt stubs.
The A Phi O book and check re
turn will be held today and tomor
row from 9 a.m. to noon and 1 to
4 p.m. in Temporary Building A
-30 by the Civ Library. Students
are reminded to bring their re
ceipt stubs.
The A Phi O book and check re
turn will be held today and tomor
row from 9 a.m. to noon and 1 to
4 p.m. in Temporary Building A
-30 by the Civ Library. Students
are reminded to bring their re
ceipt stubs.
The A Phi O book and check re
turn will be held today and tomor
row from 9 a.m. to noon and 1 to
4 p.m. in Temporary Building A
-30 by the Civ Library. Students
are reminded to bring their re
ceipt stubs.
