# Spring Sing Groups Should Register
## 
### 
Living groups that have selected
their songs for the coming Spring
Sing may register anytime before
April 26 in the A.S.S.U. office upon
payment of the 50-cent registration
fee, according to Blossom Parke,
chairman. In the event that two or
more groups wish to sign up for the
same song, preference will be given
to the one having registered first.
The original plan for a minimum of
15 singers per group has been
changed in connection with male
groups. Due to the decrease of men
on campus, there will be no restric
tions for the number of singers in
their groups.
Miss Parke also has announced
that sorority pledges will not be al
lowed to sing with their houses, but
must enter with their hall or casa.
Cardinals, sponsors of the sing,
expressed their hope that the WACS
will participate in the event. Watch
the Daily for further notices.
Living groups that have selected
their songs for the coming Spring
Sing may register anytime before
April 26 in the A.S.S.U. office upon
payment of the 50-cent registration
fee, according to Blossom Parke,
chairman. In the event that two or
more groups wish to sign up for the
same song, preference will be given
to the one having registered first.
The original plan for a minimum of
15 singers per group has been
changed in connection with male
groups. Due to the decrease of men
on campus, there will be no restric
tions for the number of singers in
their groups.
Miss Parke also has announced
that sorority pledges will not be al
lowed to sing with their houses, but
must enter with their hall or casa.
Cardinals, sponsors of the sing,
expressed their hope that the WACS
will participate in the event. Watch
the Daily for further notices.
Living groups that have selected
their songs for the coming Spring
Sing may register anytime before
April 26 in the A.S.S.U. office upon
payment of the 50-cent registration
fee, according to Blossom Parke,
chairman. In the event that two or
more groups wish to sign up for the
same song, preference will be given
to the one having registered first.
The original plan for a minimum of
15 singers per group has been
changed in connection with male
groups. Due to the decrease of men
on campus, there will be no restric
tions for the number of singers in
their groups.
Miss Parke also has announced
that sorority pledges will not be al
lowed to sing with their houses, but
must enter with their hall or casa.
Cardinals, sponsors of the sing,
expressed their hope that the WACS
will participate in the event. Watch
the Daily for further notices.
Living groups that have selected
their songs for the coming Spring
Sing may register anytime before
April 26 in the A.S.S.U. office upon
payment of the 50-cent registration
fee, according to Blossom Parke,
chairman. In the event that two or
more groups wish to sign up for the
same song, preference will be given
to the one having registered first.
The original plan for a minimum of
15 singers per group has been
changed in connection with male
groups. Due to the decrease of men
on campus, there will be no restric
tions for the number of singers in
their groups.
Miss Parke also has announced
that sorority pledges will not be al
lowed to sing with their houses, but
must enter with their hall or casa.
Cardinals, sponsors of the sing,
expressed their hope that the WACS
will participate in the event. Watch
the Daily for further notices.
Living groups that have selected
their songs for the coming Spring
Sing may register anytime before
April 26 in the A.S.S.U. office upon
payment of the 50-cent registration
fee, according to Blossom Parke,
chairman. In the event that two or
more groups wish to sign up for the
same song, preference will be given
to the one having registered first.
The original plan for a minimum of
15 singers per group has been
changed in connection with male
groups. Due to the decrease of men
on campus, there will be no restric
tions for the number of singers in
their groups.
Miss Parke also has announced
that sorority pledges will not be al
lowed to sing with their houses, but
must enter with their hall or casa.
Cardinals, sponsors of the sing,
expressed their hope that the WACS
will participate in the event. Watch
the Daily for further notices.
Living groups that have selected
their songs for the coming Spring
Sing may register anytime before
April 26 in the A.S.S.U. office upon
payment of the 50-cent registration
fee, according to Blossom Parke,
chairman. In the event that two or
more groups wish to sign up for the
same song, preference will be given
to the one having registered first.
The original plan for a minimum of
15 singers per group has been
changed in connection with male
groups. Due to the decrease of men
on campus, there will be no restric
tions for the number of singers in
their groups.
Miss Parke also has announced
that sorority pledges will not be al
lowed to sing with their houses, but
must enter with their hall or casa.
Cardinals, sponsors of the sing,
expressed their hope that the WACS
will participate in the event. Watch
the Daily for further notices.
Living groups that have selected
their songs for the coming Spring
Sing may register anytime before
April 26 in the A.S.S.U. office upon
payment of the 50-cent registration
fee, according to Blossom Parke,
chairman. In the event that two or
more groups wish to sign up for the
same song, preference will be given
to the one having registered first.
The original plan for a minimum of
15 singers per group has been
changed in connection with male
groups. Due to the decrease of men
on campus, there will be no restric
tions for the number of singers in
their groups.
Miss Parke also has announced
that sorority pledges will not be al
lowed to sing with their houses, but
must enter with their hall or casa.
Cardinals, sponsors of the sing,
expressed their hope that the WACS
will participate in the event. Watch
the Daily for further notices.
Living groups that have selected
their songs for the coming Spring
Sing may register anytime before
April 26 in the A.S.S.U. office upon
payment of the 50-cent registration
fee, according to Blossom Parke,
chairman. In the event that two or
more groups wish to sign up for the
same song, preference will be given
to the one having registered first.
The original plan for a minimum of
15 singers per group has been
changed in connection with male
groups. Due to the decrease of men
on campus, there will be no restric
tions for the number of singers in
their groups.
Miss Parke also has announced
that sorority pledges will not be al
lowed to sing with their houses, but
must enter with their hall or casa.
Cardinals, sponsors of the sing,
expressed their hope that the WACS
will participate in the event. Watch
the Daily for further notices.
Living groups that have selected
their songs for the coming Spring
Sing may register anytime before
April 26 in the A.S.S.U. office upon
payment of the 50-cent registration
fee, according to Blossom Parke,
chairman. In the event that two or
more groups wish to sign up for the
same song, preference will be given
to the one having registered first.
The original plan for a minimum of
15 singers per group has been
changed in connection with male
groups. Due to the decrease of men
on campus, there will be no restric
tions for the number of singers in
their groups.
Miss Parke also has announced
that sorority pledges will not be al
lowed to sing with their houses, but
must enter with their hall or casa.
Cardinals, sponsors of the sing,
expressed their hope that the WACS
will participate in the event. Watch
the Daily for further notices.
Living groups that have selected
their songs for the coming Spring
Sing may register anytime before
April 26 in the A.S.S.U. office upon
payment of the 50-cent registration
fee, according to Blossom Parke,
chairman. In the event that two or
more groups wish to sign up for the
same song, preference will be given
to the one having registered first.
The original plan for a minimum of
15 singers per group has been
changed in connection with male
groups. Due to the decrease of men
on campus, there will be no restric
tions for the number of singers in
their groups.
Miss Parke also has announced
that sorority pledges will not be al
lowed to sing with their houses, but
must enter with their hall or casa.
Cardinals, sponsors of the sing,
expressed their hope that the WACS
will participate in the event. Watch
the Daily for further notices.
Living groups that have selected
their songs for the coming Spring
Sing may register anytime before
April 26 in the A.S.S.U. office upon
payment of the 50-cent registration
fee, according to Blossom Parke,
chairman. In the event that two or
more groups wish to sign up for the
same song, preference will be given
to the one having registered first.
The original plan for a minimum of
15 singers per group has been
changed in connection with male
groups. Due to the decrease of men
on campus, there will be no restric
tions for the number of singers in
their groups.
Miss Parke also has announced
that sorority pledges will not be al
lowed to sing with their houses, but
must enter with their hall or casa.
Cardinals, sponsors of the sing,
expressed their hope that the WACS
will participate in the event. Watch
the Daily for further notices.
Living groups that have selected
their songs for the coming Spring
Sing may register anytime before
April 26 in the A.S.S.U. office upon
payment of the 50-cent registration
fee, according to Blossom Parke,
chairman. In the event that two or
more groups wish to sign up for the
same song, preference will be given
to the one having registered first.
The original plan for a minimum of
15 singers per group has been
changed in connection with male
groups. Due to the decrease of men
on campus, there will be no restric
tions for the number of singers in
their groups.
Miss Parke also has announced
that sorority pledges will not be al
lowed to sing with their houses, but
must enter with their hall or casa.
Cardinals, sponsors of the sing,
expressed their hope that the WACS
will participate in the event. Watch
the Daily for further notices.
Living groups that have selected
their songs for the coming Spring
Sing may register anytime before
April 26 in the A.S.S.U. office upon
payment of the 50-cent registration
fee, according to Blossom Parke,
chairman. In the event that two or
more groups wish to sign up for the
same song, preference will be given
to the one having registered first.
The original plan for a minimum of
15 singers per group has been
changed in connection with male
groups. Due to the decrease of men
on campus, there will be no restric
tions for the number of singers in
their groups.
Miss Parke also has announced
that sorority pledges will not be al
lowed to sing with their houses, but
must enter with their hall or casa.
Cardinals, sponsors of the sing,
expressed their hope that the WACS
will participate in the event. Watch
the Daily for further notices.
Living groups that have selected
their songs for the coming Spring
Sing may register anytime before
April 26 in the A.S.S.U. office upon
payment of the 50-cent registration
fee, according to Blossom Parke,
chairman. In the event that two or
more groups wish to sign up for the
same song, preference will be given
to the one having registered first.
The original plan for a minimum of
15 singers per group has been
changed in connection with male
groups. Due to the decrease of men
on campus, there will be no restric
tions for the number of singers in
their groups.
Miss Parke also has announced
that sorority pledges will not be al
lowed to sing with their houses, but
must enter with their hall or casa.
Cardinals, sponsors of the sing,
expressed their hope that the WACS
will participate in the event. Watch
the Daily for further notices.
Living groups that have selected
their songs for the coming Spring
Sing may register anytime before
April 26 in the A.S.S.U. office upon
payment of the 50-cent registration
fee, according to Blossom Parke,
chairman. In the event that two or
more groups wish to sign up for the
same song, preference will be given
to the one having registered first.
The original plan for a minimum of
15 singers per group has been
changed in connection with male
groups. Due to the decrease of men
on campus, there will be no restric
tions for the number of singers in
their groups.
Miss Parke also has announced
that sorority pledges will not be al
lowed to sing with their houses, but
must enter with their hall or casa.
Cardinals, sponsors of the sing,
expressed their hope that the WACS
will participate in the event. Watch
the Daily for further notices.
