# FROSH TO SING FRIDAY
## 
### 
The freshman class will gather Fri
day night in the Roble lobby for a
Frosh Sing, according to Lyle Davis,
secretary of the freshman class.
Stanford and Roble songs will be
sung from 7 to 8 o'clock. All fresh
man men are cordially invited, so it
is hoped there will be a strong bass
section.
The freshman class will gather Fri
day night in the Roble lobby for a
Frosh Sing, according to Lyle Davis,
secretary of the freshman class.
Stanford and Roble songs will be
sung from 7 to 8 o'clock. All fresh
man men are cordially invited, so it
is hoped there will be a strong bass
section.
The freshman class will gather Fri
day night in the Roble lobby for a
Frosh Sing, according to Lyle Davis,
secretary of the freshman class.
Stanford and Roble songs will be
sung from 7 to 8 o'clock. All fresh
man men are cordially invited, so it
is hoped there will be a strong bass
section.
The freshman class will gather Fri
day night in the Roble lobby for a
Frosh Sing, according to Lyle Davis,
secretary of the freshman class.
Stanford and Roble songs will be
sung from 7 to 8 o'clock. All fresh
man men are cordially invited, so it
is hoped there will be a strong bass
section.
The freshman class will gather Fri
day night in the Roble lobby for a
Frosh Sing, according to Lyle Davis,
secretary of the freshman class.
Stanford and Roble songs will be
sung from 7 to 8 o'clock. All fresh
man men are cordially invited, so it
is hoped there will be a strong bass
section.
The freshman class will gather Fri
day night in the Roble lobby for a
Frosh Sing, according to Lyle Davis,
secretary of the freshman class.
Stanford and Roble songs will be
sung from 7 to 8 o'clock. All fresh
man men are cordially invited, so it
is hoped there will be a strong bass
section.
The freshman class will gather Fri
day night in the Roble lobby for a
Frosh Sing, according to Lyle Davis,
secretary of the freshman class.
Stanford and Roble songs will be
sung from 7 to 8 o'clock. All fresh
man men are cordially invited, so it
is hoped there will be a strong bass
section.
The freshman class will gather Fri
day night in the Roble lobby for a
Frosh Sing, according to Lyle Davis,
secretary of the freshman class.
Stanford and Roble songs will be
sung from 7 to 8 o'clock. All fresh
man men are cordially invited, so it
is hoped there will be a strong bass
section.
The freshman class will gather Fri
day night in the Roble lobby for a
Frosh Sing, according to Lyle Davis,
secretary of the freshman class.
Stanford and Roble songs will be
sung from 7 to 8 o'clock. All fresh
man men are cordially invited, so it
is hoped there will be a strong bass
section.
The freshman class will gather Fri
day night in the Roble lobby for a
Frosh Sing, according to Lyle Davis,
secretary of the freshman class.
Stanford and Roble songs will be
sung from 7 to 8 o'clock. All fresh
man men are cordially invited, so it
is hoped there will be a strong bass
section.
The freshman class will gather Fri
day night in the Roble lobby for a
Frosh Sing, according to Lyle Davis,
secretary of the freshman class.
Stanford and Roble songs will be
sung from 7 to 8 o'clock. All fresh
man men are cordially invited, so it
is hoped there will be a strong bass
section.
The freshman class will gather Fri
day night in the Roble lobby for a
Frosh Sing, according to Lyle Davis,
secretary of the freshman class.
Stanford and Roble songs will be
sung from 7 to 8 o'clock. All fresh
man men are cordially invited, so it
is hoped there will be a strong bass
section.
The freshman class will gather Fri
day night in the Roble lobby for a
Frosh Sing, according to Lyle Davis,
secretary of the freshman class.
Stanford and Roble songs will be
sung from 7 to 8 o'clock. All fresh
man men are cordially invited, so it
is hoped there will be a strong bass
section.
The freshman class will gather Fri
day night in the Roble lobby for a
Frosh Sing, according to Lyle Davis,
secretary of the freshman class.
Stanford and Roble songs will be
sung from 7 to 8 o'clock. All fresh
man men are cordially invited, so it
is hoped there will be a strong bass
section.
The freshman class will gather Fri
day night in the Roble lobby for a
Frosh Sing, according to Lyle Davis,
secretary of the freshman class.
Stanford and Roble songs will be
sung from 7 to 8 o'clock. All fresh
man men are cordially invited, so it
is hoped there will be a strong bass
section.
