# Untitled Article
## 
### 

CAPT. DON S. GENTILE, 23, of
Piqua, Ohio, is believed America's
new all-time ace. He has sur
passed, according to assertion.
Capt. Eddie Ricken hacker's record
in World War I of 26 planes, and
Marine Major Joe Foss's record of
2(i olanes in World War II hy
downing 27 in the European War
Theater.

CAPT. DON S. GENTILE, 23, of
Piqua, Ohio, is believed America's
new all-time ace. He has sur
passed, according to assertion.
Capt. Eddie Ricken hacker's record
in World War I of 26 planes, and
Marine Major Joe Foss's record of
2(i olanes in World War II hy
downing 27 in the European War
Theater.

CAPT. DON S. GENTILE, 23, of
Piqua, Ohio, is believed America's
new all-time ace. He has sur
passed, according to assertion.
Capt. Eddie Ricken hacker's record
in World War I of 26 planes, and
Marine Major Joe Foss's record of
2(i olanes in World War II hy
downing 27 in the European War
Theater.

CAPT. DON S. GENTILE, 23, of
Piqua, Ohio, is believed America's
new all-time ace. He has sur
passed, according to assertion.
Capt. Eddie Ricken hacker's record
in World War I of 26 planes, and
Marine Major Joe Foss's record of
2(i olanes in World War II hy
downing 27 in the European War
Theater.

CAPT. DON S. GENTILE, 23, of
Piqua, Ohio, is believed America's
new all-time ace. He has sur
passed, according to assertion.
Capt. Eddie Ricken hacker's record
in World War I of 26 planes, and
Marine Major Joe Foss's record of
2(i olanes in World War II hy
downing 27 in the European War
Theater.

CAPT. DON S. GENTILE, 23, of
Piqua, Ohio, is believed America's
new all-time ace. He has sur
passed, according to assertion.
Capt. Eddie Ricken hacker's record
in World War I of 26 planes, and
Marine Major Joe Foss's record of
2(i olanes in World War II hy
downing 27 in the European War
Theater.

CAPT. DON S. GENTILE, 23, of
Piqua, Ohio, is believed America's
new all-time ace. He has sur
passed, according to assertion.
Capt. Eddie Ricken hacker's record
in World War I of 26 planes, and
Marine Major Joe Foss's record of
2(i olanes in World War II hy
downing 27 in the European War
Theater.

CAPT. DON S. GENTILE, 23, of
Piqua, Ohio, is believed America's
new all-time ace. He has sur
passed, according to assertion.
Capt. Eddie Ricken hacker's record
in World War I of 26 planes, and
Marine Major Joe Foss's record of
2(i olanes in World War II hy
downing 27 in the European War
Theater.

CAPT. DON S. GENTILE, 23, of
Piqua, Ohio, is believed America's
new all-time ace. He has sur
passed, according to assertion.
Capt. Eddie Ricken hacker's record
in World War I of 26 planes, and
Marine Major Joe Foss's record of
2(i olanes in World War II hy
downing 27 in the European War
Theater.

CAPT. DON S. GENTILE, 23, of
Piqua, Ohio, is believed America's
new all-time ace. He has sur
passed, according to assertion.
Capt. Eddie Ricken hacker's record
in World War I of 26 planes, and
Marine Major Joe Foss's record of
2(i olanes in World War II hy
downing 27 in the European War
Theater.

CAPT. DON S. GENTILE, 23, of
Piqua, Ohio, is believed America's
new all-time ace. He has sur
passed, according to assertion.
Capt. Eddie Ricken hacker's record
in World War I of 26 planes, and
Marine Major Joe Foss's record of
2(i olanes in World War II hy
downing 27 in the European War
Theater.

CAPT. DON S. GENTILE, 23, of
Piqua, Ohio, is believed America's
new all-time ace. He has sur
passed, according to assertion.
Capt. Eddie Ricken hacker's record
in World War I of 26 planes, and
Marine Major Joe Foss's record of
2(i olanes in World War II hy
downing 27 in the European War
Theater.

CAPT. DON S. GENTILE, 23, of
Piqua, Ohio, is believed America's
new all-time ace. He has sur
passed, according to assertion.
Capt. Eddie Ricken hacker's record
in World War I of 26 planes, and
Marine Major Joe Foss's record of
2(i olanes in World War II hy
downing 27 in the European War
Theater.

CAPT. DON S. GENTILE, 23, of
Piqua, Ohio, is believed America's
new all-time ace. He has sur
passed, according to assertion.
Capt. Eddie Ricken hacker's record
in World War I of 26 planes, and
Marine Major Joe Foss's record of
2(i olanes in World War II hy
downing 27 in the European War
Theater.

CAPT. DON S. GENTILE, 23, of
Piqua, Ohio, is believed America's
new all-time ace. He has sur
passed, according to assertion.
Capt. Eddie Ricken hacker's record
in World War I of 26 planes, and
Marine Major Joe Foss's record of
2(i olanes in World War II hy
downing 27 in the European War
Theater.
