# Columbia People Pleased.
## 
### 
The following self-explanatory
letter was received from the man
agers of the Columbia Theatre in
San Francisco:
Mb. J. Burt Gildkrslekve, -Man
ager Stanford Football Team,
Stanford University, Palo Al
to, California.
My Dear Sir: —We wish to per
sonally thank you and, through
you, the members of your football
team and your fellow-students who
attended the performance at our
theatre on Thursday evening.
Their conduct during the progress
of the opera was gentlemanly and
very considerate, and we beg to
assure you was not only appreciat
ed by ourselves but also by Miss
Nielsen and the members of her
company.
Congratulating you on the suc
cess of your team, with the very
best wishes personally, we beg to
remain, Very truly,
Gottlob, Marx & Co.
The following self-explanatory
letter was received from the man
agers of the Columbia Theatre in
San Francisco:
Mb. J. Burt Gildkrslekve, -Man
ager Stanford Football Team,
Stanford University, Palo Al
to, California.
My Dear Sir: —We wish to per
sonally thank you and, through
you, the members of your football
team and your fellow-students who
attended the performance at our
theatre on Thursday evening.
Their conduct during the progress
of the opera was gentlemanly and
very considerate, and we beg to
assure you was not only appreciat
ed by ourselves but also by Miss
Nielsen and the members of her
company.
Congratulating you on the suc
cess of your team, with the very
best wishes personally, we beg to
remain, Very truly,
Gottlob, Marx & Co.
The following self-explanatory
letter was received from the man
agers of the Columbia Theatre in
San Francisco:
Mb. J. Burt Gildkrslekve, -Man
ager Stanford Football Team,
Stanford University, Palo Al
to, California.
My Dear Sir: —We wish to per
sonally thank you and, through
you, the members of your football
team and your fellow-students who
attended the performance at our
theatre on Thursday evening.
Their conduct during the progress
of the opera was gentlemanly and
very considerate, and we beg to
assure you was not only appreciat
ed by ourselves but also by Miss
Nielsen and the members of her
company.
Congratulating you on the suc
cess of your team, with the very
best wishes personally, we beg to
remain, Very truly,
Gottlob, Marx & Co.
The following self-explanatory
letter was received from the man
agers of the Columbia Theatre in
San Francisco:
Mb. J. Burt Gildkrslekve, -Man
ager Stanford Football Team,
Stanford University, Palo Al
to, California.
My Dear Sir: —We wish to per
sonally thank you and, through
you, the members of your football
team and your fellow-students who
attended the performance at our
theatre on Thursday evening.
Their conduct during the progress
of the opera was gentlemanly and
very considerate, and we beg to
assure you was not only appreciat
ed by ourselves but also by Miss
Nielsen and the members of her
company.
Congratulating you on the suc
cess of your team, with the very
best wishes personally, we beg to
remain, Very truly,
Gottlob, Marx & Co.
The following self-explanatory
letter was received from the man
agers of the Columbia Theatre in
San Francisco:
Mb. J. Burt Gildkrslekve, -Man
ager Stanford Football Team,
Stanford University, Palo Al
to, California.
My Dear Sir: —We wish to per
sonally thank you and, through
you, the members of your football
team and your fellow-students who
attended the performance at our
theatre on Thursday evening.
Their conduct during the progress
of the opera was gentlemanly and
very considerate, and we beg to
assure you was not only appreciat
ed by ourselves but also by Miss
Nielsen and the members of her
company.
Congratulating you on the suc
cess of your team, with the very
best wishes personally, we beg to
remain, Very truly,
Gottlob, Marx & Co.
The following self-explanatory
letter was received from the man
agers of the Columbia Theatre in
San Francisco:
Mb. J. Burt Gildkrslekve, -Man
ager Stanford Football Team,
Stanford University, Palo Al
to, California.
My Dear Sir: —We wish to per
sonally thank you and, through
you, the members of your football
team and your fellow-students who
attended the performance at our
theatre on Thursday evening.
Their conduct during the progress
of the opera was gentlemanly and
very considerate, and we beg to
assure you was not only appreciat
ed by ourselves but also by Miss
Nielsen and the members of her
company.
Congratulating you on the suc
cess of your team, with the very
best wishes personally, we beg to
remain, Very truly,
Gottlob, Marx & Co.
The following self-explanatory
letter was received from the man
agers of the Columbia Theatre in
San Francisco:
Mb. J. Burt Gildkrslekve, -Man
ager Stanford Football Team,
Stanford University, Palo Al
to, California.
My Dear Sir: —We wish to per
sonally thank you and, through
you, the members of your football
team and your fellow-students who
attended the performance at our
theatre on Thursday evening.
Their conduct during the progress
of the opera was gentlemanly and
very considerate, and we beg to
assure you was not only appreciat
ed by ourselves but also by Miss
Nielsen and the members of her
company.
Congratulating you on the suc
cess of your team, with the very
best wishes personally, we beg to
remain, Very truly,
Gottlob, Marx & Co.
