# Untitled Article
## 
### 
All those intending to leave Sat
urday morning for the crew races
will have to take the 7:16 train.
Seats -on the train to witness the
race must be purchased from the
student manager before tomorrow
noon.
All those intending to leave Sat
urday morning for the crew races
will have to take the 7:16 train.
Seats -on the train to witness the
race must be purchased from the
student manager before tomorrow
noon.
All those intending to leave Sat
urday morning for the crew races
will have to take the 7:16 train.
Seats -on the train to witness the
race must be purchased from the
student manager before tomorrow
noon.
All those intending to leave Sat
urday morning for the crew races
will have to take the 7:16 train.
Seats -on the train to witness the
race must be purchased from the
student manager before tomorrow
noon.
All those intending to leave Sat
urday morning for the crew races
will have to take the 7:16 train.
Seats -on the train to witness the
race must be purchased from the
student manager before tomorrow
noon.
All those intending to leave Sat
urday morning for the crew races
will have to take the 7:16 train.
Seats -on the train to witness the
race must be purchased from the
student manager before tomorrow
noon.
All those intending to leave Sat
urday morning for the crew races
will have to take the 7:16 train.
Seats -on the train to witness the
race must be purchased from the
student manager before tomorrow
noon.
All those intending to leave Sat
urday morning for the crew races
will have to take the 7:16 train.
Seats -on the train to witness the
race must be purchased from the
student manager before tomorrow
noon.
All those intending to leave Sat
urday morning for the crew races
will have to take the 7:16 train.
Seats -on the train to witness the
race must be purchased from the
student manager before tomorrow
noon.
All those intending to leave Sat
urday morning for the crew races
will have to take the 7:16 train.
Seats -on the train to witness the
race must be purchased from the
student manager before tomorrow
noon.
All those intending to leave Sat
urday morning for the crew races
will have to take the 7:16 train.
Seats -on the train to witness the
race must be purchased from the
student manager before tomorrow
noon.
All those intending to leave Sat
urday morning for the crew races
will have to take the 7:16 train.
Seats -on the train to witness the
race must be purchased from the
student manager before tomorrow
noon.
