# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Lieutenant R. F. Duncan, sx-'2O, ar
rived a few (lays ago from France and
is now at his home in Palo Alto.
Duncan is a member of the Phi Delta
Theta fraternity and expects to re
enter Stanford.
Lieutenant R. F. Duncan, sx-'2O, ar
rived a few (lays ago from France and
is now at his home in Palo Alto.
Duncan is a member of the Phi Delta
Theta fraternity and expects to re
enter Stanford.
Lieutenant R. F. Duncan, sx-'2O, ar
rived a few (lays ago from France and
is now at his home in Palo Alto.
Duncan is a member of the Phi Delta
Theta fraternity and expects to re
enter Stanford.
Lieutenant R. F. Duncan, sx-'2O, ar
rived a few (lays ago from France and
is now at his home in Palo Alto.
Duncan is a member of the Phi Delta
Theta fraternity and expects to re
enter Stanford.
Lieutenant R. F. Duncan, sx-'2O, ar
rived a few (lays ago from France and
is now at his home in Palo Alto.
Duncan is a member of the Phi Delta
Theta fraternity and expects to re
enter Stanford.
Lieutenant R. F. Duncan, sx-'2O, ar
rived a few (lays ago from France and
is now at his home in Palo Alto.
Duncan is a member of the Phi Delta
Theta fraternity and expects to re
enter Stanford.
Lieutenant R. F. Duncan, sx-'2O, ar
rived a few (lays ago from France and
is now at his home in Palo Alto.
Duncan is a member of the Phi Delta
Theta fraternity and expects to re
enter Stanford.
Lieutenant R. F. Duncan, sx-'2O, ar
rived a few (lays ago from France and
is now at his home in Palo Alto.
Duncan is a member of the Phi Delta
Theta fraternity and expects to re
enter Stanford.
Lieutenant R. F. Duncan, sx-'2O, ar
rived a few (lays ago from France and
is now at his home in Palo Alto.
Duncan is a member of the Phi Delta
Theta fraternity and expects to re
enter Stanford.
Lieutenant R. F. Duncan, sx-'2O, ar
rived a few (lays ago from France and
is now at his home in Palo Alto.
Duncan is a member of the Phi Delta
Theta fraternity and expects to re
enter Stanford.
Lieutenant R. F. Duncan, sx-'2O, ar
rived a few (lays ago from France and
is now at his home in Palo Alto.
Duncan is a member of the Phi Delta
Theta fraternity and expects to re
enter Stanford.
Lieutenant R. F. Duncan, sx-'2O, ar
rived a few (lays ago from France and
is now at his home in Palo Alto.
Duncan is a member of the Phi Delta
Theta fraternity and expects to re
enter Stanford.
