# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Saturday, May 3, has been de
clared a holiday by the University
authorities so that it will be pos
sible for every one to attend the
crew race and the track meet.
Saturday, May 3, has been de
clared a holiday by the University
authorities so that it will be pos
sible for every one to attend the
crew race and the track meet.
Saturday, May 3, has been de
clared a holiday by the University
authorities so that it will be pos
sible for every one to attend the
crew race and the track meet.
Saturday, May 3, has been de
clared a holiday by the University
authorities so that it will be pos
sible for every one to attend the
crew race and the track meet.
Saturday, May 3, has been de
clared a holiday by the University
authorities so that it will be pos
sible for every one to attend the
crew race and the track meet.
Saturday, May 3, has been de
clared a holiday by the University
authorities so that it will be pos
sible for every one to attend the
crew race and the track meet.
Saturday, May 3, has been de
clared a holiday by the University
authorities so that it will be pos
sible for every one to attend the
crew race and the track meet.
Saturday, May 3, has been de
clared a holiday by the University
authorities so that it will be pos
sible for every one to attend the
crew race and the track meet.
Saturday, May 3, has been de
clared a holiday by the University
authorities so that it will be pos
sible for every one to attend the
crew race and the track meet.
Saturday, May 3, has been de
clared a holiday by the University
authorities so that it will be pos
sible for every one to attend the
crew race and the track meet.
Saturday, May 3, has been de
clared a holiday by the University
authorities so that it will be pos
sible for every one to attend the
crew race and the track meet.
Saturday, May 3, has been de
clared a holiday by the University
authorities so that it will be pos
sible for every one to attend the
crew race and the track meet.
