# FOOTBALL PRACTICE WILL BEGIN MONDAY
## 
### 
Spring football practice will begin
next Monday afternoon, according to
an announcement made by Coach "Bob"
Evans, this afternoon. This will be the
first time that spring practice has been
held at Stanford, since the American
game was abandoned, in the spring of
1906.
All candidates for football have been
asked to appear at the gymnasium to
morrow afternoon, at 4 o'clock, to sign
up and get an issue of suits and-equip
ment. Suits for spring practice are now
on hand and will be issued to all can
didates who show promise of sticking at
the game.
The tackling dummy and apparatus
has arrived and preliminary practice
will be given over in a large part to
acquainting the men with the proper
methods of tackling and stopping an
opponent. Evans will give this point
particular emphasis, as the defensive
ability of former rugby men is always
very weak.
The prospects for a strong heavy line
for next year are improving every day
with such men as Curtice. Caughey,
Tauser in the probable line-up. Word
has just been received that "Herk" Bill
man will return to college next year
and lie should be another strengthening
factor in the Cardinal line.
Spring football practice will begin
next Monday afternoon, according to
an announcement made by Coach "Bob"
Evans, this afternoon. This will be the
first time that spring practice has been
held at Stanford, since the American
game was abandoned, in the spring of
1906.
All candidates for football have been
asked to appear at the gymnasium to
morrow afternoon, at 4 o'clock, to sign
up and get an issue of suits and-equip
ment. Suits for spring practice are now
on hand and will be issued to all can
didates who show promise of sticking at
the game.
The tackling dummy and apparatus
has arrived and preliminary practice
will be given over in a large part to
acquainting the men with the proper
methods of tackling and stopping an
opponent. Evans will give this point
particular emphasis, as the defensive
ability of former rugby men is always
very weak.
The prospects for a strong heavy line
for next year are improving every day
with such men as Curtice. Caughey,
Tauser in the probable line-up. Word
has just been received that "Herk" Bill
man will return to college next year
and lie should be another strengthening
factor in the Cardinal line.
Spring football practice will begin
next Monday afternoon, according to
an announcement made by Coach "Bob"
Evans, this afternoon. This will be the
first time that spring practice has been
held at Stanford, since the American
game was abandoned, in the spring of
1906.
All candidates for football have been
asked to appear at the gymnasium to
morrow afternoon, at 4 o'clock, to sign
up and get an issue of suits and-equip
ment. Suits for spring practice are now
on hand and will be issued to all can
didates who show promise of sticking at
the game.
The tackling dummy and apparatus
has arrived and preliminary practice
will be given over in a large part to
acquainting the men with the proper
methods of tackling and stopping an
opponent. Evans will give this point
particular emphasis, as the defensive
ability of former rugby men is always
very weak.
The prospects for a strong heavy line
for next year are improving every day
with such men as Curtice. Caughey,
Tauser in the probable line-up. Word
has just been received that "Herk" Bill
man will return to college next year
and lie should be another strengthening
factor in the Cardinal line.
Spring football practice will begin
next Monday afternoon, according to
an announcement made by Coach "Bob"
Evans, this afternoon. This will be the
first time that spring practice has been
held at Stanford, since the American
game was abandoned, in the spring of
1906.
All candidates for football have been
asked to appear at the gymnasium to
morrow afternoon, at 4 o'clock, to sign
up and get an issue of suits and-equip
ment. Suits for spring practice are now
on hand and will be issued to all can
didates who show promise of sticking at
the game.
The tackling dummy and apparatus
has arrived and preliminary practice
will be given over in a large part to
acquainting the men with the proper
methods of tackling and stopping an
opponent. Evans will give this point
particular emphasis, as the defensive
ability of former rugby men is always
very weak.
The prospects for a strong heavy line
for next year are improving every day
with such men as Curtice. Caughey,
Tauser in the probable line-up. Word
has just been received that "Herk" Bill
man will return to college next year
and lie should be another strengthening
factor in the Cardinal line.
Spring football practice will begin
next Monday afternoon, according to
an announcement made by Coach "Bob"
Evans, this afternoon. This will be the
first time that spring practice has been
held at Stanford, since the American
game was abandoned, in the spring of
1906.
All candidates for football have been
asked to appear at the gymnasium to
morrow afternoon, at 4 o'clock, to sign
up and get an issue of suits and-equip
ment. Suits for spring practice are now
on hand and will be issued to all can
didates who show promise of sticking at
the game.
The tackling dummy and apparatus
has arrived and preliminary practice
will be given over in a large part to
acquainting the men with the proper
methods of tackling and stopping an
opponent. Evans will give this point
particular emphasis, as the defensive
ability of former rugby men is always
very weak.
The prospects for a strong heavy line
for next year are improving every day
with such men as Curtice. Caughey,
Tauser in the probable line-up. Word
has just been received that "Herk" Bill
man will return to college next year
and lie should be another strengthening
factor in the Cardinal line.
Spring football practice will begin
next Monday afternoon, according to
an announcement made by Coach "Bob"
Evans, this afternoon. This will be the
first time that spring practice has been
held at Stanford, since the American
game was abandoned, in the spring of
1906.
All candidates for football have been
asked to appear at the gymnasium to
morrow afternoon, at 4 o'clock, to sign
up and get an issue of suits and-equip
ment. Suits for spring practice are now
on hand and will be issued to all can
didates who show promise of sticking at
the game.
The tackling dummy and apparatus
has arrived and preliminary practice
will be given over in a large part to
acquainting the men with the proper
methods of tackling and stopping an
opponent. Evans will give this point
particular emphasis, as the defensive
ability of former rugby men is always
very weak.
The prospects for a strong heavy line
for next year are improving every day
with such men as Curtice. Caughey,
Tauser in the probable line-up. Word
has just been received that "Herk" Bill
man will return to college next year
and lie should be another strengthening
factor in the Cardinal line.
Spring football practice will begin
next Monday afternoon, according to
an announcement made by Coach "Bob"
Evans, this afternoon. This will be the
first time that spring practice has been
held at Stanford, since the American
game was abandoned, in the spring of
1906.
All candidates for football have been
asked to appear at the gymnasium to
morrow afternoon, at 4 o'clock, to sign
up and get an issue of suits and-equip
ment. Suits for spring practice are now
on hand and will be issued to all can
didates who show promise of sticking at
the game.
The tackling dummy and apparatus
has arrived and preliminary practice
will be given over in a large part to
acquainting the men with the proper
methods of tackling and stopping an
opponent. Evans will give this point
particular emphasis, as the defensive
ability of former rugby men is always
very weak.
The prospects for a strong heavy line
for next year are improving every day
with such men as Curtice. Caughey,
Tauser in the probable line-up. Word
has just been received that "Herk" Bill
man will return to college next year
and lie should be another strengthening
factor in the Cardinal line.
Spring football practice will begin
next Monday afternoon, according to
an announcement made by Coach "Bob"
Evans, this afternoon. This will be the
first time that spring practice has been
held at Stanford, since the American
game was abandoned, in the spring of
1906.
All candidates for football have been
asked to appear at the gymnasium to
morrow afternoon, at 4 o'clock, to sign
up and get an issue of suits and-equip
ment. Suits for spring practice are now
on hand and will be issued to all can
didates who show promise of sticking at
the game.
The tackling dummy and apparatus
has arrived and preliminary practice
will be given over in a large part to
acquainting the men with the proper
methods of tackling and stopping an
opponent. Evans will give this point
particular emphasis, as the defensive
ability of former rugby men is always
very weak.
The prospects for a strong heavy line
for next year are improving every day
with such men as Curtice. Caughey,
Tauser in the probable line-up. Word
has just been received that "Herk" Bill
man will return to college next year
and lie should be another strengthening
factor in the Cardinal line.
Spring football practice will begin
next Monday afternoon, according to
an announcement made by Coach "Bob"
Evans, this afternoon. This will be the
first time that spring practice has been
held at Stanford, since the American
game was abandoned, in the spring of
1906.
All candidates for football have been
asked to appear at the gymnasium to
morrow afternoon, at 4 o'clock, to sign
up and get an issue of suits and-equip
ment. Suits for spring practice are now
on hand and will be issued to all can
didates who show promise of sticking at
the game.
The tackling dummy and apparatus
has arrived and preliminary practice
will be given over in a large part to
acquainting the men with the proper
methods of tackling and stopping an
opponent. Evans will give this point
particular emphasis, as the defensive
ability of former rugby men is always
very weak.
The prospects for a strong heavy line
for next year are improving every day
with such men as Curtice. Caughey,
Tauser in the probable line-up. Word
has just been received that "Herk" Bill
man will return to college next year
and lie should be another strengthening
factor in the Cardinal line.
Spring football practice will begin
next Monday afternoon, according to
an announcement made by Coach "Bob"
Evans, this afternoon. This will be the
first time that spring practice has been
held at Stanford, since the American
game was abandoned, in the spring of
1906.
All candidates for football have been
asked to appear at the gymnasium to
morrow afternoon, at 4 o'clock, to sign
up and get an issue of suits and-equip
ment. Suits for spring practice are now
on hand and will be issued to all can
didates who show promise of sticking at
the game.
The tackling dummy and apparatus
has arrived and preliminary practice
will be given over in a large part to
acquainting the men with the proper
methods of tackling and stopping an
opponent. Evans will give this point
particular emphasis, as the defensive
ability of former rugby men is always
very weak.
The prospects for a strong heavy line
for next year are improving every day
with such men as Curtice. Caughey,
Tauser in the probable line-up. Word
has just been received that "Herk" Bill
man will return to college next year
and lie should be another strengthening
factor in the Cardinal line.
Spring football practice will begin
next Monday afternoon, according to
an announcement made by Coach "Bob"
Evans, this afternoon. This will be the
first time that spring practice has been
held at Stanford, since the American
game was abandoned, in the spring of
1906.
All candidates for football have been
asked to appear at the gymnasium to
morrow afternoon, at 4 o'clock, to sign
up and get an issue of suits and-equip
ment. Suits for spring practice are now
on hand and will be issued to all can
didates who show promise of sticking at
the game.
The tackling dummy and apparatus
has arrived and preliminary practice
will be given over in a large part to
acquainting the men with the proper
methods of tackling and stopping an
opponent. Evans will give this point
particular emphasis, as the defensive
ability of former rugby men is always
very weak.
The prospects for a strong heavy line
for next year are improving every day
with such men as Curtice. Caughey,
Tauser in the probable line-up. Word
has just been received that "Herk" Bill
man will return to college next year
and lie should be another strengthening
factor in the Cardinal line.
Spring football practice will begin
next Monday afternoon, according to
an announcement made by Coach "Bob"
Evans, this afternoon. This will be the
first time that spring practice has been
held at Stanford, since the American
game was abandoned, in the spring of
1906.
All candidates for football have been
asked to appear at the gymnasium to
morrow afternoon, at 4 o'clock, to sign
up and get an issue of suits and-equip
ment. Suits for spring practice are now
on hand and will be issued to all can
didates who show promise of sticking at
the game.
The tackling dummy and apparatus
has arrived and preliminary practice
will be given over in a large part to
acquainting the men with the proper
methods of tackling and stopping an
opponent. Evans will give this point
particular emphasis, as the defensive
ability of former rugby men is always
very weak.
The prospects for a strong heavy line
for next year are improving every day
with such men as Curtice. Caughey,
Tauser in the probable line-up. Word
has just been received that "Herk" Bill
man will return to college next year
and lie should be another strengthening
factor in the Cardinal line.
