# Untitled Article
## 
### 

URGES VOTE — Frank C.
Walker, Postmaster General
and chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee,
urging before the House
Election Committee in
Washington that "every
thing possible" be done to
enable members of armed
forces to vote in 1944.

URGES VOTE — Frank C.
Walker, Postmaster General
and chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee,
urging before the House
Election Committee in
Washington that "every
thing possible" be done to
enable members of armed
forces to vote in 1944.

URGES VOTE — Frank C.
Walker, Postmaster General
and chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee,
urging before the House
Election Committee in
Washington that "every
thing possible" be done to
enable members of armed
forces to vote in 1944.

URGES VOTE — Frank C.
Walker, Postmaster General
and chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee,
urging before the House
Election Committee in
Washington that "every
thing possible" be done to
enable members of armed
forces to vote in 1944.

URGES VOTE — Frank C.
Walker, Postmaster General
and chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee,
urging before the House
Election Committee in
Washington that "every
thing possible" be done to
enable members of armed
forces to vote in 1944.

URGES VOTE — Frank C.
Walker, Postmaster General
and chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee,
urging before the House
Election Committee in
Washington that "every
thing possible" be done to
enable members of armed
forces to vote in 1944.

URGES VOTE — Frank C.
Walker, Postmaster General
and chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee,
urging before the House
Election Committee in
Washington that "every
thing possible" be done to
enable members of armed
forces to vote in 1944.

URGES VOTE — Frank C.
Walker, Postmaster General
and chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee,
urging before the House
Election Committee in
Washington that "every
thing possible" be done to
enable members of armed
forces to vote in 1944.

URGES VOTE — Frank C.
Walker, Postmaster General
and chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee,
urging before the House
Election Committee in
Washington that "every
thing possible" be done to
enable members of armed
forces to vote in 1944.

URGES VOTE — Frank C.
Walker, Postmaster General
and chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee,
urging before the House
Election Committee in
Washington that "every
thing possible" be done to
enable members of armed
forces to vote in 1944.

URGES VOTE — Frank C.
Walker, Postmaster General
and chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee,
urging before the House
Election Committee in
Washington that "every
thing possible" be done to
enable members of armed
forces to vote in 1944.

URGES VOTE — Frank C.
Walker, Postmaster General
and chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee,
urging before the House
Election Committee in
Washington that "every
thing possible" be done to
enable members of armed
forces to vote in 1944.

URGES VOTE — Frank C.
Walker, Postmaster General
and chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee,
urging before the House
Election Committee in
Washington that "every
thing possible" be done to
enable members of armed
forces to vote in 1944.

URGES VOTE — Frank C.
Walker, Postmaster General
and chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee,
urging before the House
Election Committee in
Washington that "every
thing possible" be done to
enable members of armed
forces to vote in 1944.

URGES VOTE — Frank C.
Walker, Postmaster General
and chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee,
urging before the House
Election Committee in
Washington that "every
thing possible" be done to
enable members of armed
forces to vote in 1944.

URGES VOTE — Frank C.
Walker, Postmaster General
and chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee,
urging before the House
Election Committee in
Washington that "every
thing possible" be done to
enable members of armed
forces to vote in 1944.

URGES VOTE — Frank C.
Walker, Postmaster General
and chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee,
urging before the House
Election Committee in
Washington that "every
thing possible" be done to
enable members of armed
forces to vote in 1944.
