# Untitled Article
## 
### 
British production of aircraft
(calculated by weight) was nearly
doubled in 1941. The production of
heavy bombers was trebled in 1942.
In February, 1943, Britain produced
more than four times as many heavy
bombers as in February 1942.
British production of aircraft
(calculated by weight) was nearly
doubled in 1941. The production of
heavy bombers was trebled in 1942.
In February, 1943, Britain produced
more than four times as many heavy
bombers as in February 1942.
British production of aircraft
(calculated by weight) was nearly
doubled in 1941. The production of
heavy bombers was trebled in 1942.
In February, 1943, Britain produced
more than four times as many heavy
bombers as in February 1942.
British production of aircraft
(calculated by weight) was nearly
doubled in 1941. The production of
heavy bombers was trebled in 1942.
In February, 1943, Britain produced
more than four times as many heavy
bombers as in February 1942.
British production of aircraft
(calculated by weight) was nearly
doubled in 1941. The production of
heavy bombers was trebled in 1942.
In February, 1943, Britain produced
more than four times as many heavy
bombers as in February 1942.
British production of aircraft
(calculated by weight) was nearly
doubled in 1941. The production of
heavy bombers was trebled in 1942.
In February, 1943, Britain produced
more than four times as many heavy
bombers as in February 1942.
British production of aircraft
(calculated by weight) was nearly
doubled in 1941. The production of
heavy bombers was trebled in 1942.
In February, 1943, Britain produced
more than four times as many heavy
bombers as in February 1942.
British production of aircraft
(calculated by weight) was nearly
doubled in 1941. The production of
heavy bombers was trebled in 1942.
In February, 1943, Britain produced
more than four times as many heavy
bombers as in February 1942.
British production of aircraft
(calculated by weight) was nearly
doubled in 1941. The production of
heavy bombers was trebled in 1942.
In February, 1943, Britain produced
more than four times as many heavy
bombers as in February 1942.
British production of aircraft
(calculated by weight) was nearly
doubled in 1941. The production of
heavy bombers was trebled in 1942.
In February, 1943, Britain produced
more than four times as many heavy
bombers as in February 1942.
British production of aircraft
(calculated by weight) was nearly
doubled in 1941. The production of
heavy bombers was trebled in 1942.
In February, 1943, Britain produced
more than four times as many heavy
bombers as in February 1942.
British production of aircraft
(calculated by weight) was nearly
doubled in 1941. The production of
heavy bombers was trebled in 1942.
In February, 1943, Britain produced
more than four times as many heavy
bombers as in February 1942.
British production of aircraft
(calculated by weight) was nearly
doubled in 1941. The production of
heavy bombers was trebled in 1942.
In February, 1943, Britain produced
more than four times as many heavy
bombers as in February 1942.
British production of aircraft
(calculated by weight) was nearly
doubled in 1941. The production of
heavy bombers was trebled in 1942.
In February, 1943, Britain produced
more than four times as many heavy
bombers as in February 1942.
British production of aircraft
(calculated by weight) was nearly
doubled in 1941. The production of
heavy bombers was trebled in 1942.
In February, 1943, Britain produced
more than four times as many heavy
bombers as in February 1942.
British production of aircraft
(calculated by weight) was nearly
doubled in 1941. The production of
heavy bombers was trebled in 1942.
In February, 1943, Britain produced
more than four times as many heavy
bombers as in February 1942.
British production of aircraft
(calculated by weight) was nearly
doubled in 1941. The production of
heavy bombers was trebled in 1942.
In February, 1943, Britain produced
more than four times as many heavy
bombers as in February 1942.
