# Untitled Article
## 
### 
No one would draw a
cartoon to fill this
space so we had to fill
it with a dull house ad.
What can you do about
it? Get out your
crayonl'Save a
newspaper, draw an
editorial cartoonV
No one would draw a
cartoon to fill this
space so we had to fill
it with a dull house ad.
What can you do about
it? Get out your
crayonl'Save a
newspaper, draw an
editorial cartoonV
No one would draw a
cartoon to fill this
space so we had to fill
it with a dull house ad.
What can you do about
it? Get out your
crayonl'Save a
newspaper, draw an
editorial cartoonV
No one would draw a
cartoon to fill this
space so we had to fill
it with a dull house ad.
What can you do about
it? Get out your
crayonl'Save a
newspaper, draw an
editorial cartoonV
No one would draw a
cartoon to fill this
space so we had to fill
it with a dull house ad.
What can you do about
it? Get out your
crayonl'Save a
newspaper, draw an
editorial cartoonV
No one would draw a
cartoon to fill this
space so we had to fill
it with a dull house ad.
What can you do about
it? Get out your
crayonl'Save a
newspaper, draw an
editorial cartoonV
No one would draw a
cartoon to fill this
space so we had to fill
it with a dull house ad.
What can you do about
it? Get out your
crayonl'Save a
newspaper, draw an
editorial cartoonV
No one would draw a
cartoon to fill this
space so we had to fill
it with a dull house ad.
What can you do about
it? Get out your
crayonl'Save a
newspaper, draw an
editorial cartoonV
