# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Before the war 70 steamship lines
operated from Seattle on various
routes to all parts of the world.
Waterborne commerce through the
port over a 10-year period averaged
7,860,679 tons.
Before the war 70 steamship lines
operated from Seattle on various
routes to all parts of the world.
Waterborne commerce through the
port over a 10-year period averaged
7,860,679 tons.
Before the war 70 steamship lines
operated from Seattle on various
routes to all parts of the world.
Waterborne commerce through the
port over a 10-year period averaged
7,860,679 tons.
Before the war 70 steamship lines
operated from Seattle on various
routes to all parts of the world.
Waterborne commerce through the
port over a 10-year period averaged
7,860,679 tons.
Before the war 70 steamship lines
operated from Seattle on various
routes to all parts of the world.
Waterborne commerce through the
port over a 10-year period averaged
7,860,679 tons.
Before the war 70 steamship lines
operated from Seattle on various
routes to all parts of the world.
Waterborne commerce through the
port over a 10-year period averaged
7,860,679 tons.
Before the war 70 steamship lines
operated from Seattle on various
routes to all parts of the world.
Waterborne commerce through the
port over a 10-year period averaged
7,860,679 tons.
Before the war 70 steamship lines
operated from Seattle on various
routes to all parts of the world.
Waterborne commerce through the
port over a 10-year period averaged
7,860,679 tons.
Before the war 70 steamship lines
operated from Seattle on various
routes to all parts of the world.
Waterborne commerce through the
port over a 10-year period averaged
7,860,679 tons.
Before the war 70 steamship lines
operated from Seattle on various
routes to all parts of the world.
Waterborne commerce through the
port over a 10-year period averaged
7,860,679 tons.
Before the war 70 steamship lines
operated from Seattle on various
routes to all parts of the world.
Waterborne commerce through the
port over a 10-year period averaged
7,860,679 tons.
Before the war 70 steamship lines
operated from Seattle on various
routes to all parts of the world.
Waterborne commerce through the
port over a 10-year period averaged
7,860,679 tons.
Before the war 70 steamship lines
operated from Seattle on various
routes to all parts of the world.
Waterborne commerce through the
port over a 10-year period averaged
7,860,679 tons.
Before the war 70 steamship lines
operated from Seattle on various
routes to all parts of the world.
Waterborne commerce through the
port over a 10-year period averaged
7,860,679 tons.
Before the war 70 steamship lines
operated from Seattle on various
routes to all parts of the world.
Waterborne commerce through the
port over a 10-year period averaged
7,860,679 tons.
