# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Miss Margaret Kyle, student
secretary of the Young Women's
Christian Association, will speak
to the women of the University in
the chapel Sunday evening at 7:30.
—Miss Margaret Kyle, student
secretary of the Young Women's
Christian Association, will speak
to the women of the University in
the chapel Sunday evening at 7:30.
—Miss Margaret Kyle, student
secretary of the Young Women's
Christian Association, will speak
to the women of the University in
the chapel Sunday evening at 7:30.
—Miss Margaret Kyle, student
secretary of the Young Women's
Christian Association, will speak
to the women of the University in
the chapel Sunday evening at 7:30.
—Miss Margaret Kyle, student
secretary of the Young Women's
Christian Association, will speak
to the women of the University in
the chapel Sunday evening at 7:30.
—Miss Margaret Kyle, student
secretary of the Young Women's
Christian Association, will speak
to the women of the University in
the chapel Sunday evening at 7:30.
—Miss Margaret Kyle, student
secretary of the Young Women's
Christian Association, will speak
to the women of the University in
the chapel Sunday evening at 7:30.
—Miss Margaret Kyle, student
secretary of the Young Women's
Christian Association, will speak
to the women of the University in
the chapel Sunday evening at 7:30.
