# PRESIDENT WILBUR LEAVES FOR TRIP TO EASTERN STATE
## 
### 
President Wilbur has left the campus
for an absence of two weeks, during
which he will attend meetings of educa
tional gatherings in the East.
On Thursday in Chicago he will take
part in the meeting of the Council of
Medical Education and Hospitals of the
American Medical Association. This
Council, of which he is a member, deals
with problems of Medical Schools and
Hospitals which come before the Amer
ican Medical Association.
From Chicago he will go to New York
City to represent Stanford at the
twenty-second conference of the Asso
ciation of American Universities, which
will be in session at Columbia Univer
sity on November 17-18-19. Dr. Wilbur
will return to Stanford immediately
after this meeting.
