# Final Action On Songs To Be Taken Tomorrow
## 
### 
Final action on the songs which have
been submitted in the prize contest be
gun at the instigation of Sequoia Cluli
will be taken at a joint meeting of the
rally committee and the song committee
which will be held in the Administration
Building at 1 o'clock Wednesday after
noun. Several new songs have been
submitted recently for the $30 prize.
poorly attended) owing to the other
activities on the campus.
Final action on the songs which have
been submitted in the prize contest be
gun at the instigation of Sequoia Cluli
will be taken at a joint meeting of the
rally committee and the song committee
which will be held in the Administration
Building at 1 o'clock Wednesday after
noun. Several new songs have been
submitted recently for the $30 prize.
poorly attended) owing to the other
activities on the campus.
Final action on the songs which have
been submitted in the prize contest be
gun at the instigation of Sequoia Cluli
will be taken at a joint meeting of the
rally committee and the song committee
which will be held in the Administration
Building at 1 o'clock Wednesday after
noun. Several new songs have been
submitted recently for the $30 prize.
poorly attended) owing to the other
activities on the campus.
Final action on the songs which have
been submitted in the prize contest be
gun at the instigation of Sequoia Cluli
will be taken at a joint meeting of the
rally committee and the song committee
which will be held in the Administration
Building at 1 o'clock Wednesday after
noun. Several new songs have been
submitted recently for the $30 prize.
poorly attended) owing to the other
activities on the campus.
Final action on the songs which have
been submitted in the prize contest be
gun at the instigation of Sequoia Cluli
will be taken at a joint meeting of the
rally committee and the song committee
which will be held in the Administration
Building at 1 o'clock Wednesday after
noun. Several new songs have been
submitted recently for the $30 prize.
poorly attended) owing to the other
activities on the campus.
Final action on the songs which have
been submitted in the prize contest be
gun at the instigation of Sequoia Cluli
will be taken at a joint meeting of the
rally committee and the song committee
which will be held in the Administration
Building at 1 o'clock Wednesday after
noun. Several new songs have been
submitted recently for the $30 prize.
poorly attended) owing to the other
activities on the campus.
Final action on the songs which have
been submitted in the prize contest be
gun at the instigation of Sequoia Cluli
will be taken at a joint meeting of the
rally committee and the song committee
which will be held in the Administration
Building at 1 o'clock Wednesday after
noun. Several new songs have been
submitted recently for the $30 prize.
poorly attended) owing to the other
activities on the campus.
Final action on the songs which have
been submitted in the prize contest be
gun at the instigation of Sequoia Cluli
will be taken at a joint meeting of the
rally committee and the song committee
which will be held in the Administration
Building at 1 o'clock Wednesday after
noun. Several new songs have been
submitted recently for the $30 prize.
poorly attended) owing to the other
activities on the campus.
Final action on the songs which have
been submitted in the prize contest be
gun at the instigation of Sequoia Cluli
will be taken at a joint meeting of the
rally committee and the song committee
which will be held in the Administration
Building at 1 o'clock Wednesday after
noun. Several new songs have been
submitted recently for the $30 prize.
poorly attended) owing to the other
activities on the campus.
Final action on the songs which have
been submitted in the prize contest be
gun at the instigation of Sequoia Cluli
will be taken at a joint meeting of the
rally committee and the song committee
which will be held in the Administration
Building at 1 o'clock Wednesday after
noun. Several new songs have been
submitted recently for the $30 prize.
poorly attended) owing to the other
activities on the campus.
Final action on the songs which have
been submitted in the prize contest be
gun at the instigation of Sequoia Cluli
will be taken at a joint meeting of the
rally committee and the song committee
which will be held in the Administration
Building at 1 o'clock Wednesday after
noun. Several new songs have been
submitted recently for the $30 prize.
poorly attended) owing to the other
activities on the campus.
Final action on the songs which have
been submitted in the prize contest be
gun at the instigation of Sequoia Cluli
will be taken at a joint meeting of the
rally committee and the song committee
which will be held in the Administration
Building at 1 o'clock Wednesday after
noun. Several new songs have been
submitted recently for the $30 prize.
poorly attended) owing to the other
activities on the campus.
