# PRESIDENT WILSON PREPARES ADDRESS TO OPEN CONGRESS
## 
### United Press 
WASHINGTON, Nov. B.â€”President
Wilson is preparing his final message
to Congress. The message is to be
delivered to the final session of the
66tli Congress which begins December
6th.
The President has not told anyone
whether he will touch 011 the treaty
and the League covenant in the mes
sage. It is understood that it will
be devoted mostly to domestic mat
ters and will contain recommendations
for tax revisions, will repeat in the
effect previous recommendations for
legislation to reduce the cost of liv
ing and may include other legisla
tive recommendations.
No longer is he able to pound out
his message on the old typewriter
which he used on many historic pa
ners.
