# Stanford Soccerites Clean Up On Olympic Club Team Saturday
## 
### 
Stanford's soccer eleven again won
its game Saturday, when it defeated the
Olympics 5 to 2. This is the third con
secutive victory for the soccerites and
puts them at the head of the league.
The Olympics were considered the
strongest team in the University and
Clul) League and had suffered no de
feats up to Saturday. They beat Cali
fornia the week before and the same
lineup was used in the game last Satur
day. This gives Stanford all the edge
un the dope for the coming fracas with
the University of California.
Weller at center forward played a
smashing game for the Cardinals, and
lie and Strauss and Peavy made the five
goals for the Stanford team. The eleven
was perfectly balanced for Saturday s
game and came through in great shape,
the backlield supporting the drives of
the forwards and playing a strong de
fensive game throughout the entire
struggle.
The first Olympic score came from
Plumtree. He caught a bounce off Men
donca's knee and ran it through the
posts for a goal. Jim Quinby and Jim
Adams, ex-Stanford men, played with
the Olympic team and showed in tjie
same old form that they displayed last
year on the Cardinal socccr varsity. Jim
Quinby was the leader of last year's
team, and due to his leadership the
eleven has much of the speed and steady
playing that is showing up so well this
year.
Coach Harry Maloney will pit his
squad against the Chinese Y. M. C. A.
next Saturday. This game will be the
last before the big struggle with Cali
fornia. The California match will take
place on the northern campus, but at
the present it is undecided whether in
the morning or as a preliminary to the
big game.
