# Professor E.H. Templin Receives U.S.C. Position
## 
### 
Professor Ernest Hall Templin, who
completed his M.A. degree at Stan
foiu, and who, and until this year has
been a professor in the Stanford
Spanish department, is now holding a
professorship at the University of
Southern California.
After completing his work at Stan
ford, Professor Templin traveled in
Spain and spent some time in the Uni
versity of Madrid.
Professor Ernest Hall Templin, who
completed his M.A. degree at Stan
foiu, and who, and until this year has
been a professor in the Stanford
Spanish department, is now holding a
professorship at the University of
Southern California.
After completing his work at Stan
ford, Professor Templin traveled in
Spain and spent some time in the Uni
versity of Madrid.
Professor Ernest Hall Templin, who
completed his M.A. degree at Stan
foiu, and who, and until this year has
been a professor in the Stanford
Spanish department, is now holding a
professorship at the University of
Southern California.
After completing his work at Stan
ford, Professor Templin traveled in
Spain and spent some time in the Uni
versity of Madrid.
Professor Ernest Hall Templin, who
completed his M.A. degree at Stan
foiu, and who, and until this year has
been a professor in the Stanford
Spanish department, is now holding a
professorship at the University of
Southern California.
After completing his work at Stan
ford, Professor Templin traveled in
Spain and spent some time in the Uni
versity of Madrid.
Professor Ernest Hall Templin, who
completed his M.A. degree at Stan
foiu, and who, and until this year has
been a professor in the Stanford
Spanish department, is now holding a
professorship at the University of
Southern California.
After completing his work at Stan
ford, Professor Templin traveled in
Spain and spent some time in the Uni
versity of Madrid.
Professor Ernest Hall Templin, who
completed his M.A. degree at Stan
foiu, and who, and until this year has
been a professor in the Stanford
Spanish department, is now holding a
professorship at the University of
Southern California.
After completing his work at Stan
ford, Professor Templin traveled in
Spain and spent some time in the Uni
versity of Madrid.
Professor Ernest Hall Templin, who
completed his M.A. degree at Stan
foiu, and who, and until this year has
been a professor in the Stanford
Spanish department, is now holding a
professorship at the University of
Southern California.
After completing his work at Stan
ford, Professor Templin traveled in
Spain and spent some time in the Uni
versity of Madrid.
Professor Ernest Hall Templin, who
completed his M.A. degree at Stan
foiu, and who, and until this year has
been a professor in the Stanford
Spanish department, is now holding a
professorship at the University of
Southern California.
After completing his work at Stan
ford, Professor Templin traveled in
Spain and spent some time in the Uni
versity of Madrid.
Professor Ernest Hall Templin, who
completed his M.A. degree at Stan
foiu, and who, and until this year has
been a professor in the Stanford
Spanish department, is now holding a
professorship at the University of
Southern California.
After completing his work at Stan
ford, Professor Templin traveled in
Spain and spent some time in the Uni
versity of Madrid.
Professor Ernest Hall Templin, who
completed his M.A. degree at Stan
foiu, and who, and until this year has
been a professor in the Stanford
Spanish department, is now holding a
professorship at the University of
Southern California.
After completing his work at Stan
ford, Professor Templin traveled in
Spain and spent some time in the Uni
versity of Madrid.
Professor Ernest Hall Templin, who
completed his M.A. degree at Stan
foiu, and who, and until this year has
been a professor in the Stanford
Spanish department, is now holding a
professorship at the University of
Southern California.
After completing his work at Stan
ford, Professor Templin traveled in
Spain and spent some time in the Uni
versity of Madrid.
Professor Ernest Hall Templin, who
completed his M.A. degree at Stan
foiu, and who, and until this year has
been a professor in the Stanford
Spanish department, is now holding a
professorship at the University of
Southern California.
After completing his work at Stan
ford, Professor Templin traveled in
Spain and spent some time in the Uni
versity of Madrid.
Professor Ernest Hall Templin, who
completed his M.A. degree at Stan
foiu, and who, and until this year has
been a professor in the Stanford
Spanish department, is now holding a
professorship at the University of
Southern California.
After completing his work at Stan
ford, Professor Templin traveled in
Spain and spent some time in the Uni
versity of Madrid.
Professor Ernest Hall Templin, who
completed his M.A. degree at Stan
foiu, and who, and until this year has
been a professor in the Stanford
Spanish department, is now holding a
professorship at the University of
Southern California.
After completing his work at Stan
ford, Professor Templin traveled in
Spain and spent some time in the Uni
versity of Madrid.
Professor Ernest Hall Templin, who
completed his M.A. degree at Stan
foiu, and who, and until this year has
been a professor in the Stanford
Spanish department, is now holding a
professorship at the University of
Southern California.
After completing his work at Stan
ford, Professor Templin traveled in
Spain and spent some time in the Uni
versity of Madrid.
