# Women Will Complete Debate Plans at Meeting
## 
### 
Arrangements for the coming triangular
debate between women representatives of
Stanford, California, and Mills College
will be made at a meeting of the Wom
en's Debating Society to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:15 o'clock to
nigjit.
Arrangements for the coming triangular
debate between women representatives of
Stanford, California, and Mills College
will be made at a meeting of the Wom
en's Debating Society to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:15 o'clock to
nigjit.
Arrangements for the coming triangular
debate between women representatives of
Stanford, California, and Mills College
will be made at a meeting of the Wom
en's Debating Society to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:15 o'clock to
nigjit.
Arrangements for the coming triangular
debate between women representatives of
Stanford, California, and Mills College
will be made at a meeting of the Wom
en's Debating Society to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:15 o'clock to
nigjit.
Arrangements for the coming triangular
debate between women representatives of
Stanford, California, and Mills College
will be made at a meeting of the Wom
en's Debating Society to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:15 o'clock to
nigjit.
Arrangements for the coming triangular
debate between women representatives of
Stanford, California, and Mills College
will be made at a meeting of the Wom
en's Debating Society to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:15 o'clock to
nigjit.
Arrangements for the coming triangular
debate between women representatives of
Stanford, California, and Mills College
will be made at a meeting of the Wom
en's Debating Society to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:15 o'clock to
nigjit.
Arrangements for the coming triangular
debate between women representatives of
Stanford, California, and Mills College
will be made at a meeting of the Wom
en's Debating Society to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:15 o'clock to
nigjit.
Arrangements for the coming triangular
debate between women representatives of
Stanford, California, and Mills College
will be made at a meeting of the Wom
en's Debating Society to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:15 o'clock to
nigjit.
Arrangements for the coming triangular
debate between women representatives of
Stanford, California, and Mills College
will be made at a meeting of the Wom
en's Debating Society to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:15 o'clock to
nigjit.
Arrangements for the coming triangular
debate between women representatives of
Stanford, California, and Mills College
will be made at a meeting of the Wom
en's Debating Society to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:15 o'clock to
nigjit.
Arrangements for the coming triangular
debate between women representatives of
Stanford, California, and Mills College
will be made at a meeting of the Wom
en's Debating Society to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:15 o'clock to
nigjit.
Arrangements for the coming triangular
debate between women representatives of
Stanford, California, and Mills College
will be made at a meeting of the Wom
en's Debating Society to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:15 o'clock to
nigjit.
Arrangements for the coming triangular
debate between women representatives of
Stanford, California, and Mills College
will be made at a meeting of the Wom
en's Debating Society to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:15 o'clock to
nigjit.
Arrangements for the coming triangular
debate between women representatives of
Stanford, California, and Mills College
will be made at a meeting of the Wom
en's Debating Society to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:15 o'clock to
nigjit.
