# TWENTY-THREE MEN PASS INITIAL GLEE CLUB TRYOUT TESTS
## 
### 
Twenty-three new men successfully
passed the tryouts held for Glee Club
this week by Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist. The men, whose names
appear below, are to report at re
hearsal Monday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84 of the Inner Quad.
Opportunity to try out will be given
those men who could not appear dur
ing the earlier part of the week at
4:15 this afternoon in Room 84.
Men successful in the tryouts so far
are: William Allen, E. L. Blumenthal,
W. E. Boden, C C. Bueknam, Newton
Chapman, R. F. Cooke, John Dayton,
Ellis Groff, A. B. Hurd, F. A. Johnson,
G. F. Olsen, Jr., Earl E. Reed, N. A.
Rhine, Kenneth Shuff, A. X. Silver
glade, Gordon Snodgrass, R. C, Ste
phenson, T. M. Topp, R. B. Van
Etten, R. L. Wagner, Russell Waite,
Warden Wall, and Garth Winslow.
Twenty-three new men successfully
passed the tryouts held for Glee Club
this week by Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist. The men, whose names
appear below, are to report at re
hearsal Monday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84 of the Inner Quad.
Opportunity to try out will be given
those men who could not appear dur
ing the earlier part of the week at
4:15 this afternoon in Room 84.
Men successful in the tryouts so far
are: William Allen, E. L. Blumenthal,
W. E. Boden, C C. Bueknam, Newton
Chapman, R. F. Cooke, John Dayton,
Ellis Groff, A. B. Hurd, F. A. Johnson,
G. F. Olsen, Jr., Earl E. Reed, N. A.
Rhine, Kenneth Shuff, A. X. Silver
glade, Gordon Snodgrass, R. C, Ste
phenson, T. M. Topp, R. B. Van
Etten, R. L. Wagner, Russell Waite,
Warden Wall, and Garth Winslow.
Twenty-three new men successfully
passed the tryouts held for Glee Club
this week by Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist. The men, whose names
appear below, are to report at re
hearsal Monday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84 of the Inner Quad.
Opportunity to try out will be given
those men who could not appear dur
ing the earlier part of the week at
4:15 this afternoon in Room 84.
Men successful in the tryouts so far
are: William Allen, E. L. Blumenthal,
W. E. Boden, C C. Bueknam, Newton
Chapman, R. F. Cooke, John Dayton,
Ellis Groff, A. B. Hurd, F. A. Johnson,
G. F. Olsen, Jr., Earl E. Reed, N. A.
Rhine, Kenneth Shuff, A. X. Silver
glade, Gordon Snodgrass, R. C, Ste
phenson, T. M. Topp, R. B. Van
Etten, R. L. Wagner, Russell Waite,
Warden Wall, and Garth Winslow.
Twenty-three new men successfully
passed the tryouts held for Glee Club
this week by Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist. The men, whose names
appear below, are to report at re
hearsal Monday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84 of the Inner Quad.
Opportunity to try out will be given
those men who could not appear dur
ing the earlier part of the week at
4:15 this afternoon in Room 84.
Men successful in the tryouts so far
are: William Allen, E. L. Blumenthal,
W. E. Boden, C C. Bueknam, Newton
Chapman, R. F. Cooke, John Dayton,
Ellis Groff, A. B. Hurd, F. A. Johnson,
G. F. Olsen, Jr., Earl E. Reed, N. A.
Rhine, Kenneth Shuff, A. X. Silver
glade, Gordon Snodgrass, R. C, Ste
phenson, T. M. Topp, R. B. Van
Etten, R. L. Wagner, Russell Waite,
Warden Wall, and Garth Winslow.
Twenty-three new men successfully
passed the tryouts held for Glee Club
this week by Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist. The men, whose names
appear below, are to report at re
hearsal Monday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84 of the Inner Quad.
Opportunity to try out will be given
those men who could not appear dur
ing the earlier part of the week at
4:15 this afternoon in Room 84.
Men successful in the tryouts so far
are: William Allen, E. L. Blumenthal,
W. E. Boden, C C. Bueknam, Newton
Chapman, R. F. Cooke, John Dayton,
Ellis Groff, A. B. Hurd, F. A. Johnson,
G. F. Olsen, Jr., Earl E. Reed, N. A.
Rhine, Kenneth Shuff, A. X. Silver
glade, Gordon Snodgrass, R. C, Ste
phenson, T. M. Topp, R. B. Van
Etten, R. L. Wagner, Russell Waite,
Warden Wall, and Garth Winslow.
Twenty-three new men successfully
passed the tryouts held for Glee Club
this week by Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist. The men, whose names
appear below, are to report at re
hearsal Monday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84 of the Inner Quad.
Opportunity to try out will be given
those men who could not appear dur
ing the earlier part of the week at
4:15 this afternoon in Room 84.
Men successful in the tryouts so far
are: William Allen, E. L. Blumenthal,
W. E. Boden, C C. Bueknam, Newton
Chapman, R. F. Cooke, John Dayton,
Ellis Groff, A. B. Hurd, F. A. Johnson,
G. F. Olsen, Jr., Earl E. Reed, N. A.
Rhine, Kenneth Shuff, A. X. Silver
glade, Gordon Snodgrass, R. C, Ste
phenson, T. M. Topp, R. B. Van
Etten, R. L. Wagner, Russell Waite,
Warden Wall, and Garth Winslow.
Twenty-three new men successfully
passed the tryouts held for Glee Club
this week by Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist. The men, whose names
appear below, are to report at re
hearsal Monday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84 of the Inner Quad.
Opportunity to try out will be given
those men who could not appear dur
ing the earlier part of the week at
4:15 this afternoon in Room 84.
Men successful in the tryouts so far
are: William Allen, E. L. Blumenthal,
W. E. Boden, C C. Bueknam, Newton
Chapman, R. F. Cooke, John Dayton,
Ellis Groff, A. B. Hurd, F. A. Johnson,
G. F. Olsen, Jr., Earl E. Reed, N. A.
Rhine, Kenneth Shuff, A. X. Silver
glade, Gordon Snodgrass, R. C, Ste
phenson, T. M. Topp, R. B. Van
Etten, R. L. Wagner, Russell Waite,
Warden Wall, and Garth Winslow.
Twenty-three new men successfully
passed the tryouts held for Glee Club
this week by Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist. The men, whose names
appear below, are to report at re
hearsal Monday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84 of the Inner Quad.
Opportunity to try out will be given
those men who could not appear dur
ing the earlier part of the week at
4:15 this afternoon in Room 84.
Men successful in the tryouts so far
are: William Allen, E. L. Blumenthal,
W. E. Boden, C C. Bueknam, Newton
Chapman, R. F. Cooke, John Dayton,
Ellis Groff, A. B. Hurd, F. A. Johnson,
G. F. Olsen, Jr., Earl E. Reed, N. A.
Rhine, Kenneth Shuff, A. X. Silver
glade, Gordon Snodgrass, R. C, Ste
phenson, T. M. Topp, R. B. Van
Etten, R. L. Wagner, Russell Waite,
Warden Wall, and Garth Winslow.
Twenty-three new men successfully
passed the tryouts held for Glee Club
this week by Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist. The men, whose names
appear below, are to report at re
hearsal Monday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84 of the Inner Quad.
Opportunity to try out will be given
those men who could not appear dur
ing the earlier part of the week at
4:15 this afternoon in Room 84.
Men successful in the tryouts so far
are: William Allen, E. L. Blumenthal,
W. E. Boden, C C. Bueknam, Newton
Chapman, R. F. Cooke, John Dayton,
Ellis Groff, A. B. Hurd, F. A. Johnson,
G. F. Olsen, Jr., Earl E. Reed, N. A.
Rhine, Kenneth Shuff, A. X. Silver
glade, Gordon Snodgrass, R. C, Ste
phenson, T. M. Topp, R. B. Van
Etten, R. L. Wagner, Russell Waite,
Warden Wall, and Garth Winslow.
Twenty-three new men successfully
passed the tryouts held for Glee Club
this week by Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist. The men, whose names
appear below, are to report at re
hearsal Monday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84 of the Inner Quad.
Opportunity to try out will be given
those men who could not appear dur
ing the earlier part of the week at
4:15 this afternoon in Room 84.
Men successful in the tryouts so far
are: William Allen, E. L. Blumenthal,
W. E. Boden, C C. Bueknam, Newton
Chapman, R. F. Cooke, John Dayton,
Ellis Groff, A. B. Hurd, F. A. Johnson,
G. F. Olsen, Jr., Earl E. Reed, N. A.
Rhine, Kenneth Shuff, A. X. Silver
glade, Gordon Snodgrass, R. C, Ste
phenson, T. M. Topp, R. B. Van
Etten, R. L. Wagner, Russell Waite,
Warden Wall, and Garth Winslow.
Twenty-three new men successfully
passed the tryouts held for Glee Club
this week by Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist. The men, whose names
appear below, are to report at re
hearsal Monday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84 of the Inner Quad.
Opportunity to try out will be given
those men who could not appear dur
ing the earlier part of the week at
4:15 this afternoon in Room 84.
Men successful in the tryouts so far
are: William Allen, E. L. Blumenthal,
W. E. Boden, C C. Bueknam, Newton
Chapman, R. F. Cooke, John Dayton,
Ellis Groff, A. B. Hurd, F. A. Johnson,
G. F. Olsen, Jr., Earl E. Reed, N. A.
Rhine, Kenneth Shuff, A. X. Silver
glade, Gordon Snodgrass, R. C, Ste
phenson, T. M. Topp, R. B. Van
Etten, R. L. Wagner, Russell Waite,
Warden Wall, and Garth Winslow.
Twenty-three new men successfully
passed the tryouts held for Glee Club
this week by Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist. The men, whose names
appear below, are to report at re
hearsal Monday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84 of the Inner Quad.
Opportunity to try out will be given
those men who could not appear dur
ing the earlier part of the week at
4:15 this afternoon in Room 84.
Men successful in the tryouts so far
are: William Allen, E. L. Blumenthal,
W. E. Boden, C C. Bueknam, Newton
Chapman, R. F. Cooke, John Dayton,
Ellis Groff, A. B. Hurd, F. A. Johnson,
G. F. Olsen, Jr., Earl E. Reed, N. A.
Rhine, Kenneth Shuff, A. X. Silver
glade, Gordon Snodgrass, R. C, Ste
phenson, T. M. Topp, R. B. Van
Etten, R. L. Wagner, Russell Waite,
Warden Wall, and Garth Winslow.
Twenty-three new men successfully
passed the tryouts held for Glee Club
this week by Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist. The men, whose names
appear below, are to report at re
hearsal Monday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84 of the Inner Quad.
Opportunity to try out will be given
those men who could not appear dur
ing the earlier part of the week at
4:15 this afternoon in Room 84.
Men successful in the tryouts so far
are: William Allen, E. L. Blumenthal,
W. E. Boden, C C. Bueknam, Newton
Chapman, R. F. Cooke, John Dayton,
Ellis Groff, A. B. Hurd, F. A. Johnson,
G. F. Olsen, Jr., Earl E. Reed, N. A.
Rhine, Kenneth Shuff, A. X. Silver
glade, Gordon Snodgrass, R. C, Ste
phenson, T. M. Topp, R. B. Van
Etten, R. L. Wagner, Russell Waite,
Warden Wall, and Garth Winslow.
Twenty-three new men successfully
passed the tryouts held for Glee Club
this week by Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist. The men, whose names
appear below, are to report at re
hearsal Monday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84 of the Inner Quad.
Opportunity to try out will be given
those men who could not appear dur
ing the earlier part of the week at
4:15 this afternoon in Room 84.
Men successful in the tryouts so far
are: William Allen, E. L. Blumenthal,
W. E. Boden, C C. Bueknam, Newton
Chapman, R. F. Cooke, John Dayton,
Ellis Groff, A. B. Hurd, F. A. Johnson,
G. F. Olsen, Jr., Earl E. Reed, N. A.
Rhine, Kenneth Shuff, A. X. Silver
glade, Gordon Snodgrass, R. C, Ste
phenson, T. M. Topp, R. B. Van
Etten, R. L. Wagner, Russell Waite,
Warden Wall, and Garth Winslow.
Twenty-three new men successfully
passed the tryouts held for Glee Club
this week by Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist. The men, whose names
appear below, are to report at re
hearsal Monday afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 84 of the Inner Quad.
Opportunity to try out will be given
those men who could not appear dur
ing the earlier part of the week at
4:15 this afternoon in Room 84.
Men successful in the tryouts so far
are: William Allen, E. L. Blumenthal,
W. E. Boden, C C. Bueknam, Newton
Chapman, R. F. Cooke, John Dayton,
Ellis Groff, A. B. Hurd, F. A. Johnson,
G. F. Olsen, Jr., Earl E. Reed, N. A.
Rhine, Kenneth Shuff, A. X. Silver
glade, Gordon Snodgrass, R. C, Ste
phenson, T. M. Topp, R. B. Van
Etten, R. L. Wagner, Russell Waite,
Warden Wall, and Garth Winslow.
