# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A Quatres Arts Ball and Masquerade
with a Venetian Carnival as motif is
being sponsored by the Little Theatre
of the University of California on
October 15.
A Quatres Arts Ball and Masquerade
with a Venetian Carnival as motif is
being sponsored by the Little Theatre
of the University of California on
October 15.
A Quatres Arts Ball and Masquerade
with a Venetian Carnival as motif is
being sponsored by the Little Theatre
of the University of California on
October 15.
A Quatres Arts Ball and Masquerade
with a Venetian Carnival as motif is
being sponsored by the Little Theatre
of the University of California on
October 15.
A Quatres Arts Ball and Masquerade
with a Venetian Carnival as motif is
being sponsored by the Little Theatre
of the University of California on
October 15.
A Quatres Arts Ball and Masquerade
with a Venetian Carnival as motif is
being sponsored by the Little Theatre
of the University of California on
October 15.
A Quatres Arts Ball and Masquerade
with a Venetian Carnival as motif is
being sponsored by the Little Theatre
of the University of California on
October 15.
A Quatres Arts Ball and Masquerade
with a Venetian Carnival as motif is
being sponsored by the Little Theatre
of the University of California on
October 15.
A Quatres Arts Ball and Masquerade
with a Venetian Carnival as motif is
being sponsored by the Little Theatre
of the University of California on
October 15.
A Quatres Arts Ball and Masquerade
with a Venetian Carnival as motif is
being sponsored by the Little Theatre
of the University of California on
October 15.
A Quatres Arts Ball and Masquerade
with a Venetian Carnival as motif is
being sponsored by the Little Theatre
of the University of California on
October 15.
A Quatres Arts Ball and Masquerade
with a Venetian Carnival as motif is
being sponsored by the Little Theatre
of the University of California on
October 15.
A Quatres Arts Ball and Masquerade
with a Venetian Carnival as motif is
being sponsored by the Little Theatre
of the University of California on
October 15.
A Quatres Arts Ball and Masquerade
with a Venetian Carnival as motif is
being sponsored by the Little Theatre
of the University of California on
October 15.
A Quatres Arts Ball and Masquerade
with a Venetian Carnival as motif is
being sponsored by the Little Theatre
of the University of California on
October 15.
