# Extensive Tours Planned By Stanford Masonic Club
## 
### 
During the past summer, the officers
of the Stanford Masonic Club suc
ceeded in arranging quite an extensive
group of tours for the club's degree
team for the coming year. Trips to
Decoto, Los Angeles, Sacramento, and
San Jose have already been planned,
while tentative dates at Fresno, the
Grand Lodge at Sacramento, and sev
eral other California cities have been
made. At each of these places the
team will confer the degrees on the
incoming members of the lodge. These
trips will be made during week-ends.
Since a great many of the former
members of the team have graduated,
there are several positions open. All
Masons who wish to try out are re
quested to be present at the Masonic
Temple, Palo Alto, on Sunday morn
ing, October 10, at 9:30 o'clock.
During the past summer, the officers
of the Stanford Masonic Club suc
ceeded in arranging quite an extensive
group of tours for the club's degree
team for the coming year. Trips to
Decoto, Los Angeles, Sacramento, and
San Jose have already been planned,
while tentative dates at Fresno, the
Grand Lodge at Sacramento, and sev
eral other California cities have been
made. At each of these places the
team will confer the degrees on the
incoming members of the lodge. These
trips will be made during week-ends.
Since a great many of the former
members of the team have graduated,
there are several positions open. All
Masons who wish to try out are re
quested to be present at the Masonic
Temple, Palo Alto, on Sunday morn
ing, October 10, at 9:30 o'clock.
During the past summer, the officers
of the Stanford Masonic Club suc
ceeded in arranging quite an extensive
group of tours for the club's degree
team for the coming year. Trips to
Decoto, Los Angeles, Sacramento, and
San Jose have already been planned,
while tentative dates at Fresno, the
Grand Lodge at Sacramento, and sev
eral other California cities have been
made. At each of these places the
team will confer the degrees on the
incoming members of the lodge. These
trips will be made during week-ends.
Since a great many of the former
members of the team have graduated,
there are several positions open. All
Masons who wish to try out are re
quested to be present at the Masonic
Temple, Palo Alto, on Sunday morn
ing, October 10, at 9:30 o'clock.
During the past summer, the officers
of the Stanford Masonic Club suc
ceeded in arranging quite an extensive
group of tours for the club's degree
team for the coming year. Trips to
Decoto, Los Angeles, Sacramento, and
San Jose have already been planned,
while tentative dates at Fresno, the
Grand Lodge at Sacramento, and sev
eral other California cities have been
made. At each of these places the
team will confer the degrees on the
incoming members of the lodge. These
trips will be made during week-ends.
Since a great many of the former
members of the team have graduated,
there are several positions open. All
Masons who wish to try out are re
quested to be present at the Masonic
Temple, Palo Alto, on Sunday morn
ing, October 10, at 9:30 o'clock.
During the past summer, the officers
of the Stanford Masonic Club suc
ceeded in arranging quite an extensive
group of tours for the club's degree
team for the coming year. Trips to
Decoto, Los Angeles, Sacramento, and
San Jose have already been planned,
while tentative dates at Fresno, the
Grand Lodge at Sacramento, and sev
eral other California cities have been
made. At each of these places the
team will confer the degrees on the
incoming members of the lodge. These
trips will be made during week-ends.
Since a great many of the former
members of the team have graduated,
there are several positions open. All
Masons who wish to try out are re
quested to be present at the Masonic
Temple, Palo Alto, on Sunday morn
ing, October 10, at 9:30 o'clock.
During the past summer, the officers
of the Stanford Masonic Club suc
ceeded in arranging quite an extensive
group of tours for the club's degree
team for the coming year. Trips to
Decoto, Los Angeles, Sacramento, and
San Jose have already been planned,
while tentative dates at Fresno, the
Grand Lodge at Sacramento, and sev
eral other California cities have been
made. At each of these places the
team will confer the degrees on the
incoming members of the lodge. These
trips will be made during week-ends.
Since a great many of the former
members of the team have graduated,
there are several positions open. All
Masons who wish to try out are re
quested to be present at the Masonic
Temple, Palo Alto, on Sunday morn
ing, October 10, at 9:30 o'clock.
During the past summer, the officers
of the Stanford Masonic Club suc
ceeded in arranging quite an extensive
group of tours for the club's degree
team for the coming year. Trips to
Decoto, Los Angeles, Sacramento, and
San Jose have already been planned,
while tentative dates at Fresno, the
Grand Lodge at Sacramento, and sev
eral other California cities have been
made. At each of these places the
team will confer the degrees on the
incoming members of the lodge. These
trips will be made during week-ends.
Since a great many of the former
members of the team have graduated,
there are several positions open. All
Masons who wish to try out are re
quested to be present at the Masonic
Temple, Palo Alto, on Sunday morn
ing, October 10, at 9:30 o'clock.
During the past summer, the officers
of the Stanford Masonic Club suc
ceeded in arranging quite an extensive
group of tours for the club's degree
team for the coming year. Trips to
Decoto, Los Angeles, Sacramento, and
San Jose have already been planned,
while tentative dates at Fresno, the
Grand Lodge at Sacramento, and sev
eral other California cities have been
made. At each of these places the
team will confer the degrees on the
incoming members of the lodge. These
trips will be made during week-ends.
Since a great many of the former
members of the team have graduated,
there are several positions open. All
Masons who wish to try out are re
quested to be present at the Masonic
Temple, Palo Alto, on Sunday morn
ing, October 10, at 9:30 o'clock.
During the past summer, the officers
of the Stanford Masonic Club suc
ceeded in arranging quite an extensive
group of tours for the club's degree
team for the coming year. Trips to
Decoto, Los Angeles, Sacramento, and
San Jose have already been planned,
while tentative dates at Fresno, the
Grand Lodge at Sacramento, and sev
eral other California cities have been
made. At each of these places the
team will confer the degrees on the
incoming members of the lodge. These
trips will be made during week-ends.
Since a great many of the former
members of the team have graduated,
there are several positions open. All
Masons who wish to try out are re
quested to be present at the Masonic
Temple, Palo Alto, on Sunday morn
ing, October 10, at 9:30 o'clock.
During the past summer, the officers
of the Stanford Masonic Club suc
ceeded in arranging quite an extensive
group of tours for the club's degree
team for the coming year. Trips to
Decoto, Los Angeles, Sacramento, and
San Jose have already been planned,
while tentative dates at Fresno, the
Grand Lodge at Sacramento, and sev
eral other California cities have been
made. At each of these places the
team will confer the degrees on the
incoming members of the lodge. These
trips will be made during week-ends.
Since a great many of the former
members of the team have graduated,
there are several positions open. All
Masons who wish to try out are re
quested to be present at the Masonic
Temple, Palo Alto, on Sunday morn
ing, October 10, at 9:30 o'clock.
During the past summer, the officers
of the Stanford Masonic Club suc
ceeded in arranging quite an extensive
group of tours for the club's degree
team for the coming year. Trips to
Decoto, Los Angeles, Sacramento, and
San Jose have already been planned,
while tentative dates at Fresno, the
Grand Lodge at Sacramento, and sev
eral other California cities have been
made. At each of these places the
team will confer the degrees on the
incoming members of the lodge. These
trips will be made during week-ends.
Since a great many of the former
members of the team have graduated,
there are several positions open. All
Masons who wish to try out are re
quested to be present at the Masonic
Temple, Palo Alto, on Sunday morn
ing, October 10, at 9:30 o'clock.
During the past summer, the officers
of the Stanford Masonic Club suc
ceeded in arranging quite an extensive
group of tours for the club's degree
team for the coming year. Trips to
Decoto, Los Angeles, Sacramento, and
San Jose have already been planned,
while tentative dates at Fresno, the
Grand Lodge at Sacramento, and sev
eral other California cities have been
made. At each of these places the
team will confer the degrees on the
incoming members of the lodge. These
trips will be made during week-ends.
Since a great many of the former
members of the team have graduated,
there are several positions open. All
Masons who wish to try out are re
quested to be present at the Masonic
Temple, Palo Alto, on Sunday morn
ing, October 10, at 9:30 o'clock.
During the past summer, the officers
of the Stanford Masonic Club suc
ceeded in arranging quite an extensive
group of tours for the club's degree
team for the coming year. Trips to
Decoto, Los Angeles, Sacramento, and
San Jose have already been planned,
while tentative dates at Fresno, the
Grand Lodge at Sacramento, and sev
eral other California cities have been
made. At each of these places the
team will confer the degrees on the
incoming members of the lodge. These
trips will be made during week-ends.
Since a great many of the former
members of the team have graduated,
there are several positions open. All
Masons who wish to try out are re
quested to be present at the Masonic
Temple, Palo Alto, on Sunday morn
ing, October 10, at 9:30 o'clock.
During the past summer, the officers
of the Stanford Masonic Club suc
ceeded in arranging quite an extensive
group of tours for the club's degree
team for the coming year. Trips to
Decoto, Los Angeles, Sacramento, and
San Jose have already been planned,
while tentative dates at Fresno, the
Grand Lodge at Sacramento, and sev
eral other California cities have been
made. At each of these places the
team will confer the degrees on the
incoming members of the lodge. These
trips will be made during week-ends.
Since a great many of the former
members of the team have graduated,
there are several positions open. All
Masons who wish to try out are re
quested to be present at the Masonic
Temple, Palo Alto, on Sunday morn
ing, October 10, at 9:30 o'clock.
During the past summer, the officers
of the Stanford Masonic Club suc
ceeded in arranging quite an extensive
group of tours for the club's degree
team for the coming year. Trips to
Decoto, Los Angeles, Sacramento, and
San Jose have already been planned,
while tentative dates at Fresno, the
Grand Lodge at Sacramento, and sev
eral other California cities have been
made. At each of these places the
team will confer the degrees on the
incoming members of the lodge. These
trips will be made during week-ends.
Since a great many of the former
members of the team have graduated,
there are several positions open. All
Masons who wish to try out are re
quested to be present at the Masonic
Temple, Palo Alto, on Sunday morn
ing, October 10, at 9:30 o'clock.
