# FOREMAN MARRIED
## 
### 
Joseph Thornton, labor foreman of
the Corporation Yards, and Genevieve
Cornduff of Palo Alto were married
last Saturday. They are expected to
make their home in Palo Alto upon
their return from their honeymoon.
Joseph Thornton, labor foreman of
the Corporation Yards, and Genevieve
Cornduff of Palo Alto were married
last Saturday. They are expected to
make their home in Palo Alto upon
their return from their honeymoon.
Joseph Thornton, labor foreman of
the Corporation Yards, and Genevieve
Cornduff of Palo Alto were married
last Saturday. They are expected to
make their home in Palo Alto upon
their return from their honeymoon.
Joseph Thornton, labor foreman of
the Corporation Yards, and Genevieve
Cornduff of Palo Alto were married
last Saturday. They are expected to
make their home in Palo Alto upon
their return from their honeymoon.
Joseph Thornton, labor foreman of
the Corporation Yards, and Genevieve
Cornduff of Palo Alto were married
last Saturday. They are expected to
make their home in Palo Alto upon
their return from their honeymoon.
Joseph Thornton, labor foreman of
the Corporation Yards, and Genevieve
Cornduff of Palo Alto were married
last Saturday. They are expected to
make their home in Palo Alto upon
their return from their honeymoon.
Joseph Thornton, labor foreman of
the Corporation Yards, and Genevieve
Cornduff of Palo Alto were married
last Saturday. They are expected to
make their home in Palo Alto upon
their return from their honeymoon.
Joseph Thornton, labor foreman of
the Corporation Yards, and Genevieve
Cornduff of Palo Alto were married
last Saturday. They are expected to
make their home in Palo Alto upon
their return from their honeymoon.
Joseph Thornton, labor foreman of
the Corporation Yards, and Genevieve
Cornduff of Palo Alto were married
last Saturday. They are expected to
make their home in Palo Alto upon
their return from their honeymoon.
Joseph Thornton, labor foreman of
the Corporation Yards, and Genevieve
Cornduff of Palo Alto were married
last Saturday. They are expected to
make their home in Palo Alto upon
their return from their honeymoon.
Joseph Thornton, labor foreman of
the Corporation Yards, and Genevieve
Cornduff of Palo Alto were married
last Saturday. They are expected to
make their home in Palo Alto upon
their return from their honeymoon.
Joseph Thornton, labor foreman of
the Corporation Yards, and Genevieve
Cornduff of Palo Alto were married
last Saturday. They are expected to
make their home in Palo Alto upon
their return from their honeymoon.
Joseph Thornton, labor foreman of
the Corporation Yards, and Genevieve
Cornduff of Palo Alto were married
last Saturday. They are expected to
make their home in Palo Alto upon
their return from their honeymoon.
Joseph Thornton, labor foreman of
the Corporation Yards, and Genevieve
Cornduff of Palo Alto were married
last Saturday. They are expected to
make their home in Palo Alto upon
their return from their honeymoon.
Joseph Thornton, labor foreman of
the Corporation Yards, and Genevieve
Cornduff of Palo Alto were married
last Saturday. They are expected to
make their home in Palo Alto upon
their return from their honeymoon.
