# PHALANX OF AMAZONS GUARDS TROJAN LAW
## 
### 
Green hair ribbons, large red "F's,"
green sashes, and blanket pins are
being worn this week by a large num
ber of freshman women at the Uni
versity of Southern California in pun
ishment for having violated traditions
of the university.
Traditions violated were: queening,
not wearing arm bands, and wearing
high-school jewelry.
Those who violated the traditions
were compelled to appear before the
court of the Amazons, women's hon
orary society. The culprits were sen
tenced to appear before an Amazon
stationed at a table in front of the
administration building at 7:45 each
morning of this week for freshman
duty.
Several offenders who did not ap
pear in response to the summons of
the court will be tried later and the
penalties will be more severe than
those sustained by those who ap
peared.
Green hair ribbons, large red "F's,"
green sashes, and blanket pins are
being worn this week by a large num
ber of freshman women at the Uni
versity of Southern California in pun
ishment for having violated traditions
of the university.
Traditions violated were: queening,
not wearing arm bands, and wearing
high-school jewelry.
Those who violated the traditions
were compelled to appear before the
court of the Amazons, women's hon
orary society. The culprits were sen
tenced to appear before an Amazon
stationed at a table in front of the
administration building at 7:45 each
morning of this week for freshman
duty.
Several offenders who did not ap
pear in response to the summons of
the court will be tried later and the
penalties will be more severe than
those sustained by those who ap
peared.
Green hair ribbons, large red "F's,"
green sashes, and blanket pins are
being worn this week by a large num
ber of freshman women at the Uni
versity of Southern California in pun
ishment for having violated traditions
of the university.
Traditions violated were: queening,
not wearing arm bands, and wearing
high-school jewelry.
Those who violated the traditions
were compelled to appear before the
court of the Amazons, women's hon
orary society. The culprits were sen
tenced to appear before an Amazon
stationed at a table in front of the
administration building at 7:45 each
morning of this week for freshman
duty.
Several offenders who did not ap
pear in response to the summons of
the court will be tried later and the
penalties will be more severe than
those sustained by those who ap
peared.
Green hair ribbons, large red "F's,"
green sashes, and blanket pins are
being worn this week by a large num
ber of freshman women at the Uni
versity of Southern California in pun
ishment for having violated traditions
of the university.
Traditions violated were: queening,
not wearing arm bands, and wearing
high-school jewelry.
Those who violated the traditions
were compelled to appear before the
court of the Amazons, women's hon
orary society. The culprits were sen
tenced to appear before an Amazon
stationed at a table in front of the
administration building at 7:45 each
morning of this week for freshman
duty.
Several offenders who did not ap
pear in response to the summons of
the court will be tried later and the
penalties will be more severe than
those sustained by those who ap
peared.
Green hair ribbons, large red "F's,"
green sashes, and blanket pins are
being worn this week by a large num
ber of freshman women at the Uni
versity of Southern California in pun
ishment for having violated traditions
of the university.
Traditions violated were: queening,
not wearing arm bands, and wearing
high-school jewelry.
Those who violated the traditions
were compelled to appear before the
court of the Amazons, women's hon
orary society. The culprits were sen
tenced to appear before an Amazon
stationed at a table in front of the
administration building at 7:45 each
morning of this week for freshman
duty.
Several offenders who did not ap
pear in response to the summons of
the court will be tried later and the
penalties will be more severe than
those sustained by those who ap
peared.
Green hair ribbons, large red "F's,"
green sashes, and blanket pins are
being worn this week by a large num
ber of freshman women at the Uni
versity of Southern California in pun
ishment for having violated traditions
of the university.
Traditions violated were: queening,
not wearing arm bands, and wearing
high-school jewelry.
Those who violated the traditions
were compelled to appear before the
court of the Amazons, women's hon
orary society. The culprits were sen
tenced to appear before an Amazon
stationed at a table in front of the
administration building at 7:45 each
morning of this week for freshman
duty.
Several offenders who did not ap
pear in response to the summons of
the court will be tried later and the
penalties will be more severe than
those sustained by those who ap
peared.
Green hair ribbons, large red "F's,"
green sashes, and blanket pins are
being worn this week by a large num
ber of freshman women at the Uni
versity of Southern California in pun
ishment for having violated traditions
of the university.
Traditions violated were: queening,
not wearing arm bands, and wearing
high-school jewelry.
Those who violated the traditions
were compelled to appear before the
court of the Amazons, women's hon
orary society. The culprits were sen
tenced to appear before an Amazon
stationed at a table in front of the
administration building at 7:45 each
morning of this week for freshman
duty.
Several offenders who did not ap
pear in response to the summons of
the court will be tried later and the
penalties will be more severe than
those sustained by those who ap
peared.
Green hair ribbons, large red "F's,"
green sashes, and blanket pins are
being worn this week by a large num
ber of freshman women at the Uni
versity of Southern California in pun
ishment for having violated traditions
of the university.
Traditions violated were: queening,
not wearing arm bands, and wearing
high-school jewelry.
Those who violated the traditions
were compelled to appear before the
court of the Amazons, women's hon
orary society. The culprits were sen
tenced to appear before an Amazon
stationed at a table in front of the
administration building at 7:45 each
morning of this week for freshman
duty.
Several offenders who did not ap
pear in response to the summons of
the court will be tried later and the
penalties will be more severe than
those sustained by those who ap
peared.
Green hair ribbons, large red "F's,"
green sashes, and blanket pins are
being worn this week by a large num
ber of freshman women at the Uni
versity of Southern California in pun
ishment for having violated traditions
of the university.
Traditions violated were: queening,
not wearing arm bands, and wearing
high-school jewelry.
Those who violated the traditions
were compelled to appear before the
court of the Amazons, women's hon
orary society. The culprits were sen
tenced to appear before an Amazon
stationed at a table in front of the
administration building at 7:45 each
morning of this week for freshman
duty.
Several offenders who did not ap
pear in response to the summons of
the court will be tried later and the
penalties will be more severe than
those sustained by those who ap
peared.
Green hair ribbons, large red "F's,"
green sashes, and blanket pins are
being worn this week by a large num
ber of freshman women at the Uni
versity of Southern California in pun
ishment for having violated traditions
of the university.
Traditions violated were: queening,
not wearing arm bands, and wearing
high-school jewelry.
Those who violated the traditions
were compelled to appear before the
court of the Amazons, women's hon
orary society. The culprits were sen
tenced to appear before an Amazon
stationed at a table in front of the
administration building at 7:45 each
morning of this week for freshman
duty.
Several offenders who did not ap
pear in response to the summons of
the court will be tried later and the
penalties will be more severe than
those sustained by those who ap
peared.
Green hair ribbons, large red "F's,"
green sashes, and blanket pins are
being worn this week by a large num
ber of freshman women at the Uni
versity of Southern California in pun
ishment for having violated traditions
of the university.
Traditions violated were: queening,
not wearing arm bands, and wearing
high-school jewelry.
Those who violated the traditions
were compelled to appear before the
court of the Amazons, women's hon
orary society. The culprits were sen
tenced to appear before an Amazon
stationed at a table in front of the
administration building at 7:45 each
morning of this week for freshman
duty.
Several offenders who did not ap
pear in response to the summons of
the court will be tried later and the
penalties will be more severe than
those sustained by those who ap
peared.
Green hair ribbons, large red "F's,"
green sashes, and blanket pins are
being worn this week by a large num
ber of freshman women at the Uni
versity of Southern California in pun
ishment for having violated traditions
of the university.
Traditions violated were: queening,
not wearing arm bands, and wearing
high-school jewelry.
Those who violated the traditions
were compelled to appear before the
court of the Amazons, women's hon
orary society. The culprits were sen
tenced to appear before an Amazon
stationed at a table in front of the
administration building at 7:45 each
morning of this week for freshman
duty.
Several offenders who did not ap
pear in response to the summons of
the court will be tried later and the
penalties will be more severe than
those sustained by those who ap
peared.
Green hair ribbons, large red "F's,"
green sashes, and blanket pins are
being worn this week by a large num
ber of freshman women at the Uni
versity of Southern California in pun
ishment for having violated traditions
of the university.
Traditions violated were: queening,
not wearing arm bands, and wearing
high-school jewelry.
Those who violated the traditions
were compelled to appear before the
court of the Amazons, women's hon
orary society. The culprits were sen
tenced to appear before an Amazon
stationed at a table in front of the
administration building at 7:45 each
morning of this week for freshman
duty.
Several offenders who did not ap
pear in response to the summons of
the court will be tried later and the
penalties will be more severe than
those sustained by those who ap
peared.
Green hair ribbons, large red "F's,"
green sashes, and blanket pins are
being worn this week by a large num
ber of freshman women at the Uni
versity of Southern California in pun
ishment for having violated traditions
of the university.
Traditions violated were: queening,
not wearing arm bands, and wearing
high-school jewelry.
Those who violated the traditions
were compelled to appear before the
court of the Amazons, women's hon
orary society. The culprits were sen
tenced to appear before an Amazon
stationed at a table in front of the
administration building at 7:45 each
morning of this week for freshman
duty.
Several offenders who did not ap
pear in response to the summons of
the court will be tried later and the
penalties will be more severe than
those sustained by those who ap
peared.
Green hair ribbons, large red "F's,"
green sashes, and blanket pins are
being worn this week by a large num
ber of freshman women at the Uni
versity of Southern California in pun
ishment for having violated traditions
of the university.
Traditions violated were: queening,
not wearing arm bands, and wearing
high-school jewelry.
Those who violated the traditions
were compelled to appear before the
court of the Amazons, women's hon
orary society. The culprits were sen
tenced to appear before an Amazon
stationed at a table in front of the
administration building at 7:45 each
morning of this week for freshman
duty.
Several offenders who did not ap
pear in response to the summons of
the court will be tried later and the
penalties will be more severe than
those sustained by those who ap
peared.
