# RIFLE CLUB ELECTION OF OFFICERS PLANNED
## 
### 
The Rifle Club will hold election of
officers in R«x>m 2M, History building,
tonight at 7:15 o'clock. The club is h
member of the National Rifle Association,
which recently presented the campus
sharpshooters with two new Springfield
rifles and fiv< rv w Winchester mu.-kets.
The Rifle Club will hold election of
officers in R«x>m 2M, History building,
tonight at 7:15 o'clock. The club is h
member of the National Rifle Association,
which recently presented the campus
sharpshooters with two new Springfield
rifles and fiv< rv w Winchester mu.-kets.
The Rifle Club will hold election of
officers in R«x>m 2M, History building,
tonight at 7:15 o'clock. The club is h
member of the National Rifle Association,
which recently presented the campus
sharpshooters with two new Springfield
rifles and fiv< rv w Winchester mu.-kets.
The Rifle Club will hold election of
officers in R«x>m 2M, History building,
tonight at 7:15 o'clock. The club is h
member of the National Rifle Association,
which recently presented the campus
sharpshooters with two new Springfield
rifles and fiv< rv w Winchester mu.-kets.
The Rifle Club will hold election of
officers in R«x>m 2M, History building,
tonight at 7:15 o'clock. The club is h
member of the National Rifle Association,
which recently presented the campus
sharpshooters with two new Springfield
rifles and fiv< rv w Winchester mu.-kets.
The Rifle Club will hold election of
officers in R«x>m 2M, History building,
tonight at 7:15 o'clock. The club is h
member of the National Rifle Association,
which recently presented the campus
sharpshooters with two new Springfield
rifles and fiv< rv w Winchester mu.-kets.
The Rifle Club will hold election of
officers in R«x>m 2M, History building,
tonight at 7:15 o'clock. The club is h
member of the National Rifle Association,
which recently presented the campus
sharpshooters with two new Springfield
rifles and fiv< rv w Winchester mu.-kets.
The Rifle Club will hold election of
officers in R«x>m 2M, History building,
tonight at 7:15 o'clock. The club is h
member of the National Rifle Association,
which recently presented the campus
sharpshooters with two new Springfield
rifles and fiv< rv w Winchester mu.-kets.
The Rifle Club will hold election of
officers in R«x>m 2M, History building,
tonight at 7:15 o'clock. The club is h
member of the National Rifle Association,
which recently presented the campus
sharpshooters with two new Springfield
rifles and fiv< rv w Winchester mu.-kets.
The Rifle Club will hold election of
officers in R«x>m 2M, History building,
tonight at 7:15 o'clock. The club is h
member of the National Rifle Association,
which recently presented the campus
sharpshooters with two new Springfield
rifles and fiv< rv w Winchester mu.-kets.
The Rifle Club will hold election of
officers in R«x>m 2M, History building,
tonight at 7:15 o'clock. The club is h
member of the National Rifle Association,
which recently presented the campus
sharpshooters with two new Springfield
rifles and fiv< rv w Winchester mu.-kets.
The Rifle Club will hold election of
officers in R«x>m 2M, History building,
tonight at 7:15 o'clock. The club is h
member of the National Rifle Association,
which recently presented the campus
sharpshooters with two new Springfield
rifles and fiv< rv w Winchester mu.-kets.
The Rifle Club will hold election of
officers in R«x>m 2M, History building,
tonight at 7:15 o'clock. The club is h
member of the National Rifle Association,
which recently presented the campus
sharpshooters with two new Springfield
rifles and fiv< rv w Winchester mu.-kets.
The Rifle Club will hold election of
officers in R«x>m 2M, History building,
tonight at 7:15 o'clock. The club is h
member of the National Rifle Association,
which recently presented the campus
sharpshooters with two new Springfield
rifles and fiv< rv w Winchester mu.-kets.
The Rifle Club will hold election of
officers in R«x>m 2M, History building,
tonight at 7:15 o'clock. The club is h
member of the National Rifle Association,
which recently presented the campus
sharpshooters with two new Springfield
rifles and fiv< rv w Winchester mu.-kets.
