# USHERS NEEDED FOR WASHINGTON CONTEST
## 
### 
First call for ushers for the Wash
ington-Stanford game was issued yes
terday by R. K. Hubbard, manager of
ushers. About 250 men are needed for
this position.
Besides not needing to purchase
rooters' tickets, the ushers will re
ceive between $1.50' and $2.50 wages.
Names may be telephoned to Hub
bard at P.A. 1593, or mailed to Ed
Loder, assistant graduate manager, at
the 13oard of Athletic Control offices.
No time limit has been set for appli
cations and first comers will be first
seized.
First call for ushers for the Wash
ington-Stanford game was issued yes
terday by R. K. Hubbard, manager of
ushers. About 250 men are needed for
this position.
Besides not needing to purchase
rooters' tickets, the ushers will re
ceive between $1.50' and $2.50 wages.
Names may be telephoned to Hub
bard at P.A. 1593, or mailed to Ed
Loder, assistant graduate manager, at
the 13oard of Athletic Control offices.
No time limit has been set for appli
cations and first comers will be first
seized.
First call for ushers for the Wash
ington-Stanford game was issued yes
terday by R. K. Hubbard, manager of
ushers. About 250 men are needed for
this position.
Besides not needing to purchase
rooters' tickets, the ushers will re
ceive between $1.50' and $2.50 wages.
Names may be telephoned to Hub
bard at P.A. 1593, or mailed to Ed
Loder, assistant graduate manager, at
the 13oard of Athletic Control offices.
No time limit has been set for appli
cations and first comers will be first
seized.
First call for ushers for the Wash
ington-Stanford game was issued yes
terday by R. K. Hubbard, manager of
ushers. About 250 men are needed for
this position.
Besides not needing to purchase
rooters' tickets, the ushers will re
ceive between $1.50' and $2.50 wages.
Names may be telephoned to Hub
bard at P.A. 1593, or mailed to Ed
Loder, assistant graduate manager, at
the 13oard of Athletic Control offices.
No time limit has been set for appli
cations and first comers will be first
seized.
First call for ushers for the Wash
ington-Stanford game was issued yes
terday by R. K. Hubbard, manager of
ushers. About 250 men are needed for
this position.
Besides not needing to purchase
rooters' tickets, the ushers will re
ceive between $1.50' and $2.50 wages.
Names may be telephoned to Hub
bard at P.A. 1593, or mailed to Ed
Loder, assistant graduate manager, at
the 13oard of Athletic Control offices.
No time limit has been set for appli
cations and first comers will be first
seized.
First call for ushers for the Wash
ington-Stanford game was issued yes
terday by R. K. Hubbard, manager of
ushers. About 250 men are needed for
this position.
Besides not needing to purchase
rooters' tickets, the ushers will re
ceive between $1.50' and $2.50 wages.
Names may be telephoned to Hub
bard at P.A. 1593, or mailed to Ed
Loder, assistant graduate manager, at
the 13oard of Athletic Control offices.
No time limit has been set for appli
cations and first comers will be first
seized.
First call for ushers for the Wash
ington-Stanford game was issued yes
terday by R. K. Hubbard, manager of
ushers. About 250 men are needed for
this position.
Besides not needing to purchase
rooters' tickets, the ushers will re
ceive between $1.50' and $2.50 wages.
Names may be telephoned to Hub
bard at P.A. 1593, or mailed to Ed
Loder, assistant graduate manager, at
the 13oard of Athletic Control offices.
No time limit has been set for appli
cations and first comers will be first
seized.
First call for ushers for the Wash
ington-Stanford game was issued yes
terday by R. K. Hubbard, manager of
ushers. About 250 men are needed for
this position.
Besides not needing to purchase
rooters' tickets, the ushers will re
ceive between $1.50' and $2.50 wages.
Names may be telephoned to Hub
bard at P.A. 1593, or mailed to Ed
Loder, assistant graduate manager, at
the 13oard of Athletic Control offices.
No time limit has been set for appli
cations and first comers will be first
seized.
First call for ushers for the Wash
ington-Stanford game was issued yes
terday by R. K. Hubbard, manager of
ushers. About 250 men are needed for
this position.
Besides not needing to purchase
rooters' tickets, the ushers will re
ceive between $1.50' and $2.50 wages.
Names may be telephoned to Hub
bard at P.A. 1593, or mailed to Ed
Loder, assistant graduate manager, at
the 13oard of Athletic Control offices.
No time limit has been set for appli
cations and first comers will be first
seized.
First call for ushers for the Wash
ington-Stanford game was issued yes
terday by R. K. Hubbard, manager of
ushers. About 250 men are needed for
this position.
Besides not needing to purchase
rooters' tickets, the ushers will re
ceive between $1.50' and $2.50 wages.
Names may be telephoned to Hub
bard at P.A. 1593, or mailed to Ed
Loder, assistant graduate manager, at
the 13oard of Athletic Control offices.
No time limit has been set for appli
cations and first comers will be first
seized.
First call for ushers for the Wash
ington-Stanford game was issued yes
terday by R. K. Hubbard, manager of
ushers. About 250 men are needed for
this position.
Besides not needing to purchase
rooters' tickets, the ushers will re
ceive between $1.50' and $2.50 wages.
Names may be telephoned to Hub
bard at P.A. 1593, or mailed to Ed
Loder, assistant graduate manager, at
the 13oard of Athletic Control offices.
No time limit has been set for appli
cations and first comers will be first
seized.
First call for ushers for the Wash
ington-Stanford game was issued yes
terday by R. K. Hubbard, manager of
ushers. About 250 men are needed for
this position.
Besides not needing to purchase
rooters' tickets, the ushers will re
ceive between $1.50' and $2.50 wages.
Names may be telephoned to Hub
bard at P.A. 1593, or mailed to Ed
Loder, assistant graduate manager, at
the 13oard of Athletic Control offices.
No time limit has been set for appli
cations and first comers will be first
seized.
First call for ushers for the Wash
ington-Stanford game was issued yes
terday by R. K. Hubbard, manager of
ushers. About 250 men are needed for
this position.
Besides not needing to purchase
rooters' tickets, the ushers will re
ceive between $1.50' and $2.50 wages.
Names may be telephoned to Hub
bard at P.A. 1593, or mailed to Ed
Loder, assistant graduate manager, at
the 13oard of Athletic Control offices.
No time limit has been set for appli
cations and first comers will be first
seized.
First call for ushers for the Wash
ington-Stanford game was issued yes
terday by R. K. Hubbard, manager of
ushers. About 250 men are needed for
this position.
Besides not needing to purchase
rooters' tickets, the ushers will re
ceive between $1.50' and $2.50 wages.
Names may be telephoned to Hub
bard at P.A. 1593, or mailed to Ed
Loder, assistant graduate manager, at
the 13oard of Athletic Control offices.
No time limit has been set for appli
cations and first comers will be first
seized.
First call for ushers for the Wash
ington-Stanford game was issued yes
terday by R. K. Hubbard, manager of
ushers. About 250 men are needed for
this position.
Besides not needing to purchase
rooters' tickets, the ushers will re
ceive between $1.50' and $2.50 wages.
Names may be telephoned to Hub
bard at P.A. 1593, or mailed to Ed
Loder, assistant graduate manager, at
the 13oard of Athletic Control offices.
No time limit has been set for appli
cations and first comers will be first
seized.
