# Untitled Article
## 
### 
According to a recent census at De
Pauw, 20 of the 103 freshmen use
tobacco.
According to a recent census at De
Pauw, 20 of the 103 freshmen use
tobacco.
According to a recent census at De
Pauw, 20 of the 103 freshmen use
tobacco.
According to a recent census at De
Pauw, 20 of the 103 freshmen use
tobacco.
According to a recent census at De
Pauw, 20 of the 103 freshmen use
tobacco.
According to a recent census at De
Pauw, 20 of the 103 freshmen use
tobacco.
According to a recent census at De
Pauw, 20 of the 103 freshmen use
tobacco.
According to a recent census at De
Pauw, 20 of the 103 freshmen use
tobacco.
According to a recent census at De
Pauw, 20 of the 103 freshmen use
tobacco.
According to a recent census at De
Pauw, 20 of the 103 freshmen use
tobacco.
According to a recent census at De
Pauw, 20 of the 103 freshmen use
tobacco.
According to a recent census at De
Pauw, 20 of the 103 freshmen use
tobacco.
According to a recent census at De
Pauw, 20 of the 103 freshmen use
tobacco.
