# This Morning's Headlines
## Six Years of Foreign Aid Has Cost U.S. $42.5 Billion; $283 Per Capita 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22 (UP)—A
Congressional committee disclosed
today the United States has poured
$42,591,000,000 into foreign aid as
sistance since V-J Day, with more
to eomc.
That adds up to about $283 for
every American man, woman, and
child and almost equals the cost of
operating the federal -government
for the six years preceding World
War 11.
The report was issued on the
heels of former President Herbert
Hoover's warning that foreign aid
spending is bleeding the American
taxpayer white.
A telegraphic spot check of Con
grational leaders made by the
United Press indicated the stagger
ing total, plus new demands from
nations throughout the world, plus
Mr. Hoover's warning, will become
•the elements of a major fight over
foreign aid in the next Congress.
