# JOB OPENINGS
## 
### 
The Placement Service has an
nounced that the following Civil
Service commissions are now open
to applicants: Junior Management
Assistants, Junior Professional As
sistants, Junior Engineers and Sci
entists.
Those interested should go to the
Placement Service for further in
formation and application blanks.
The Placement Service has an
nounced that the following Civil
Service commissions are now open
to applicants: Junior Management
Assistants, Junior Professional As
sistants, Junior Engineers and Sci
entists.
Those interested should go to the
Placement Service for further in
formation and application blanks.
The Placement Service has an
nounced that the following Civil
Service commissions are now open
to applicants: Junior Management
Assistants, Junior Professional As
sistants, Junior Engineers and Sci
entists.
Those interested should go to the
Placement Service for further in
formation and application blanks.
The Placement Service has an
nounced that the following Civil
Service commissions are now open
to applicants: Junior Management
Assistants, Junior Professional As
sistants, Junior Engineers and Sci
entists.
Those interested should go to the
Placement Service for further in
formation and application blanks.
The Placement Service has an
nounced that the following Civil
Service commissions are now open
to applicants: Junior Management
Assistants, Junior Professional As
sistants, Junior Engineers and Sci
entists.
Those interested should go to the
Placement Service for further in
formation and application blanks.
The Placement Service has an
nounced that the following Civil
Service commissions are now open
to applicants: Junior Management
Assistants, Junior Professional As
sistants, Junior Engineers and Sci
entists.
Those interested should go to the
Placement Service for further in
formation and application blanks.
The Placement Service has an
nounced that the following Civil
Service commissions are now open
to applicants: Junior Management
Assistants, Junior Professional As
sistants, Junior Engineers and Sci
entists.
Those interested should go to the
Placement Service for further in
formation and application blanks.
The Placement Service has an
nounced that the following Civil
Service commissions are now open
to applicants: Junior Management
Assistants, Junior Professional As
sistants, Junior Engineers and Sci
entists.
Those interested should go to the
Placement Service for further in
formation and application blanks.
The Placement Service has an
nounced that the following Civil
Service commissions are now open
to applicants: Junior Management
Assistants, Junior Professional As
sistants, Junior Engineers and Sci
entists.
Those interested should go to the
Placement Service for further in
formation and application blanks.
The Placement Service has an
nounced that the following Civil
Service commissions are now open
to applicants: Junior Management
Assistants, Junior Professional As
sistants, Junior Engineers and Sci
entists.
Those interested should go to the
Placement Service for further in
formation and application blanks.
The Placement Service has an
nounced that the following Civil
Service commissions are now open
to applicants: Junior Management
Assistants, Junior Professional As
sistants, Junior Engineers and Sci
entists.
Those interested should go to the
Placement Service for further in
formation and application blanks.
The Placement Service has an
nounced that the following Civil
Service commissions are now open
to applicants: Junior Management
Assistants, Junior Professional As
sistants, Junior Engineers and Sci
entists.
Those interested should go to the
Placement Service for further in
formation and application blanks.
The Placement Service has an
nounced that the following Civil
Service commissions are now open
to applicants: Junior Management
Assistants, Junior Professional As
sistants, Junior Engineers and Sci
entists.
Those interested should go to the
Placement Service for further in
formation and application blanks.
The Placement Service has an
nounced that the following Civil
Service commissions are now open
to applicants: Junior Management
Assistants, Junior Professional As
sistants, Junior Engineers and Sci
entists.
Those interested should go to the
Placement Service for further in
formation and application blanks.
