# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Mr. and Mis. W. L. Josselyn of
Riverside announce the engagement
of their daughter, Shirley Jane, to
Richard B. Heim, '4'J, graduate in
psychology.
Mr. and Mis. W. L. Josselyn of
Riverside announce the engagement
of their daughter, Shirley Jane, to
Richard B. Heim, '4'J, graduate in
psychology.
Mr. and Mis. W. L. Josselyn of
Riverside announce the engagement
of their daughter, Shirley Jane, to
Richard B. Heim, '4'J, graduate in
psychology.
Mr. and Mis. W. L. Josselyn of
Riverside announce the engagement
of their daughter, Shirley Jane, to
Richard B. Heim, '4'J, graduate in
psychology.
Mr. and Mis. W. L. Josselyn of
Riverside announce the engagement
of their daughter, Shirley Jane, to
Richard B. Heim, '4'J, graduate in
psychology.
Mr. and Mis. W. L. Josselyn of
Riverside announce the engagement
of their daughter, Shirley Jane, to
Richard B. Heim, '4'J, graduate in
psychology.
Mr. and Mis. W. L. Josselyn of
Riverside announce the engagement
of their daughter, Shirley Jane, to
Richard B. Heim, '4'J, graduate in
psychology.
Mr. and Mis. W. L. Josselyn of
Riverside announce the engagement
of their daughter, Shirley Jane, to
Richard B. Heim, '4'J, graduate in
psychology.
Mr. and Mis. W. L. Josselyn of
Riverside announce the engagement
of their daughter, Shirley Jane, to
Richard B. Heim, '4'J, graduate in
psychology.
Mr. and Mis. W. L. Josselyn of
Riverside announce the engagement
of their daughter, Shirley Jane, to
Richard B. Heim, '4'J, graduate in
psychology.
Mr. and Mis. W. L. Josselyn of
Riverside announce the engagement
of their daughter, Shirley Jane, to
Richard B. Heim, '4'J, graduate in
psychology.
Mr. and Mis. W. L. Josselyn of
Riverside announce the engagement
of their daughter, Shirley Jane, to
Richard B. Heim, '4'J, graduate in
psychology.
Mr. and Mis. W. L. Josselyn of
Riverside announce the engagement
of their daughter, Shirley Jane, to
Richard B. Heim, '4'J, graduate in
psychology.
Mr. and Mis. W. L. Josselyn of
Riverside announce the engagement
of their daughter, Shirley Jane, to
Richard B. Heim, '4'J, graduate in
psychology.
