# Barbecue Ticket Sale Continued
## 
### 
Completing arrangements with
the bus company that will carry
sophomores to their barbecue at
Half Moon Bay, April 30, Bob
Richardson, barbecue chairman,
yesterday announced that ticket
sales for the event will continue
loday and tomorrow in the A.S.
S.U. Office.
It was originally announced
that the sale would end last Fri
day, but a special extension re
ceived from the bus company al
lows sophomores to purchase
tickets at the same price of 25
cents from 8:30 to 5:30 o'clock
today and tomorrow, Richardson
said.
No campus athletic events will
conflict with the soph affair,
which will continue from 2 to 7
o'clock next Saturday, Richard
son added.
Completing arrangements with
the bus company that will carry
sophomores to their barbecue at
Half Moon Bay, April 30, Bob
Richardson, barbecue chairman,
yesterday announced that ticket
sales for the event will continue
loday and tomorrow in the A.S.
S.U. Office.
It was originally announced
that the sale would end last Fri
day, but a special extension re
ceived from the bus company al
lows sophomores to purchase
tickets at the same price of 25
cents from 8:30 to 5:30 o'clock
today and tomorrow, Richardson
said.
No campus athletic events will
conflict with the soph affair,
which will continue from 2 to 7
o'clock next Saturday, Richard
son added.
Completing arrangements with
the bus company that will carry
sophomores to their barbecue at
Half Moon Bay, April 30, Bob
Richardson, barbecue chairman,
yesterday announced that ticket
sales for the event will continue
loday and tomorrow in the A.S.
S.U. Office.
It was originally announced
that the sale would end last Fri
day, but a special extension re
ceived from the bus company al
lows sophomores to purchase
tickets at the same price of 25
cents from 8:30 to 5:30 o'clock
today and tomorrow, Richardson
said.
No campus athletic events will
conflict with the soph affair,
which will continue from 2 to 7
o'clock next Saturday, Richard
son added.
Completing arrangements with
the bus company that will carry
sophomores to their barbecue at
Half Moon Bay, April 30, Bob
Richardson, barbecue chairman,
yesterday announced that ticket
sales for the event will continue
loday and tomorrow in the A.S.
S.U. Office.
It was originally announced
that the sale would end last Fri
day, but a special extension re
ceived from the bus company al
lows sophomores to purchase
tickets at the same price of 25
cents from 8:30 to 5:30 o'clock
today and tomorrow, Richardson
said.
No campus athletic events will
conflict with the soph affair,
which will continue from 2 to 7
o'clock next Saturday, Richard
son added.
Completing arrangements with
the bus company that will carry
sophomores to their barbecue at
Half Moon Bay, April 30, Bob
Richardson, barbecue chairman,
yesterday announced that ticket
sales for the event will continue
loday and tomorrow in the A.S.
S.U. Office.
It was originally announced
that the sale would end last Fri
day, but a special extension re
ceived from the bus company al
lows sophomores to purchase
tickets at the same price of 25
cents from 8:30 to 5:30 o'clock
today and tomorrow, Richardson
said.
No campus athletic events will
conflict with the soph affair,
which will continue from 2 to 7
o'clock next Saturday, Richard
son added.
Completing arrangements with
the bus company that will carry
sophomores to their barbecue at
Half Moon Bay, April 30, Bob
Richardson, barbecue chairman,
yesterday announced that ticket
sales for the event will continue
loday and tomorrow in the A.S.
S.U. Office.
It was originally announced
that the sale would end last Fri
day, but a special extension re
ceived from the bus company al
lows sophomores to purchase
tickets at the same price of 25
cents from 8:30 to 5:30 o'clock
today and tomorrow, Richardson
said.
No campus athletic events will
conflict with the soph affair,
which will continue from 2 to 7
o'clock next Saturday, Richard
son added.
Completing arrangements with
the bus company that will carry
sophomores to their barbecue at
Half Moon Bay, April 30, Bob
Richardson, barbecue chairman,
yesterday announced that ticket
sales for the event will continue
loday and tomorrow in the A.S.
S.U. Office.
It was originally announced
that the sale would end last Fri
day, but a special extension re
ceived from the bus company al
lows sophomores to purchase
tickets at the same price of 25
cents from 8:30 to 5:30 o'clock
today and tomorrow, Richardson
said.
No campus athletic events will
conflict with the soph affair,
which will continue from 2 to 7
o'clock next Saturday, Richard
son added.
Completing arrangements with
the bus company that will carry
sophomores to their barbecue at
Half Moon Bay, April 30, Bob
Richardson, barbecue chairman,
yesterday announced that ticket
sales for the event will continue
loday and tomorrow in the A.S.
S.U. Office.
It was originally announced
that the sale would end last Fri
day, but a special extension re
ceived from the bus company al
lows sophomores to purchase
tickets at the same price of 25
cents from 8:30 to 5:30 o'clock
today and tomorrow, Richardson
said.
No campus athletic events will
conflict with the soph affair,
which will continue from 2 to 7
o'clock next Saturday, Richard
son added.
Completing arrangements with
the bus company that will carry
sophomores to their barbecue at
Half Moon Bay, April 30, Bob
Richardson, barbecue chairman,
yesterday announced that ticket
sales for the event will continue
loday and tomorrow in the A.S.
S.U. Office.
It was originally announced
that the sale would end last Fri
day, but a special extension re
ceived from the bus company al
lows sophomores to purchase
tickets at the same price of 25
cents from 8:30 to 5:30 o'clock
today and tomorrow, Richardson
said.
No campus athletic events will
conflict with the soph affair,
which will continue from 2 to 7
o'clock next Saturday, Richard
son added.
Completing arrangements with
the bus company that will carry
sophomores to their barbecue at
Half Moon Bay, April 30, Bob
Richardson, barbecue chairman,
yesterday announced that ticket
sales for the event will continue
loday and tomorrow in the A.S.
S.U. Office.
It was originally announced
that the sale would end last Fri
day, but a special extension re
ceived from the bus company al
lows sophomores to purchase
tickets at the same price of 25
cents from 8:30 to 5:30 o'clock
today and tomorrow, Richardson
said.
No campus athletic events will
conflict with the soph affair,
which will continue from 2 to 7
o'clock next Saturday, Richard
son added.
Completing arrangements with
the bus company that will carry
sophomores to their barbecue at
Half Moon Bay, April 30, Bob
Richardson, barbecue chairman,
yesterday announced that ticket
sales for the event will continue
loday and tomorrow in the A.S.
S.U. Office.
It was originally announced
that the sale would end last Fri
day, but a special extension re
ceived from the bus company al
lows sophomores to purchase
tickets at the same price of 25
cents from 8:30 to 5:30 o'clock
today and tomorrow, Richardson
said.
No campus athletic events will
conflict with the soph affair,
which will continue from 2 to 7
o'clock next Saturday, Richard
son added.
Completing arrangements with
the bus company that will carry
sophomores to their barbecue at
Half Moon Bay, April 30, Bob
Richardson, barbecue chairman,
yesterday announced that ticket
sales for the event will continue
loday and tomorrow in the A.S.
S.U. Office.
It was originally announced
that the sale would end last Fri
day, but a special extension re
ceived from the bus company al
lows sophomores to purchase
tickets at the same price of 25
cents from 8:30 to 5:30 o'clock
today and tomorrow, Richardson
said.
No campus athletic events will
conflict with the soph affair,
which will continue from 2 to 7
o'clock next Saturday, Richard
son added.
Completing arrangements with
the bus company that will carry
sophomores to their barbecue at
Half Moon Bay, April 30, Bob
Richardson, barbecue chairman,
yesterday announced that ticket
sales for the event will continue
loday and tomorrow in the A.S.
S.U. Office.
It was originally announced
that the sale would end last Fri
day, but a special extension re
ceived from the bus company al
lows sophomores to purchase
tickets at the same price of 25
cents from 8:30 to 5:30 o'clock
today and tomorrow, Richardson
said.
No campus athletic events will
conflict with the soph affair,
which will continue from 2 to 7
o'clock next Saturday, Richard
son added.
Completing arrangements with
the bus company that will carry
sophomores to their barbecue at
Half Moon Bay, April 30, Bob
Richardson, barbecue chairman,
yesterday announced that ticket
sales for the event will continue
loday and tomorrow in the A.S.
S.U. Office.
It was originally announced
that the sale would end last Fri
day, but a special extension re
ceived from the bus company al
lows sophomores to purchase
tickets at the same price of 25
cents from 8:30 to 5:30 o'clock
today and tomorrow, Richardson
said.
No campus athletic events will
conflict with the soph affair,
which will continue from 2 to 7
o'clock next Saturday, Richard
son added.
Completing arrangements with
the bus company that will carry
sophomores to their barbecue at
Half Moon Bay, April 30, Bob
Richardson, barbecue chairman,
yesterday announced that ticket
sales for the event will continue
loday and tomorrow in the A.S.
S.U. Office.
It was originally announced
that the sale would end last Fri
day, but a special extension re
ceived from the bus company al
lows sophomores to purchase
tickets at the same price of 25
cents from 8:30 to 5:30 o'clock
today and tomorrow, Richardson
said.
No campus athletic events will
conflict with the soph affair,
which will continue from 2 to 7
o'clock next Saturday, Richard
son added.
