# NOTICE
## 
### 
April 15 is the last day the second
installment for the 1925 Quad, other
than Junior and Senior Quads, may be
paid. Checks may be mailed to Box
100 or left at the Quad office.
April 15 is the last day the second
installment for the 1925 Quad, other
than Junior and Senior Quads, may be
paid. Checks may be mailed to Box
100 or left at the Quad office.
April 15 is the last day the second
installment for the 1925 Quad, other
than Junior and Senior Quads, may be
paid. Checks may be mailed to Box
100 or left at the Quad office.
April 15 is the last day the second
installment for the 1925 Quad, other
than Junior and Senior Quads, may be
paid. Checks may be mailed to Box
100 or left at the Quad office.
April 15 is the last day the second
installment for the 1925 Quad, other
than Junior and Senior Quads, may be
paid. Checks may be mailed to Box
100 or left at the Quad office.
April 15 is the last day the second
installment for the 1925 Quad, other
than Junior and Senior Quads, may be
paid. Checks may be mailed to Box
100 or left at the Quad office.
April 15 is the last day the second
installment for the 1925 Quad, other
than Junior and Senior Quads, may be
paid. Checks may be mailed to Box
100 or left at the Quad office.
April 15 is the last day the second
installment for the 1925 Quad, other
than Junior and Senior Quads, may be
paid. Checks may be mailed to Box
100 or left at the Quad office.
April 15 is the last day the second
installment for the 1925 Quad, other
than Junior and Senior Quads, may be
paid. Checks may be mailed to Box
100 or left at the Quad office.
April 15 is the last day the second
installment for the 1925 Quad, other
than Junior and Senior Quads, may be
paid. Checks may be mailed to Box
100 or left at the Quad office.
April 15 is the last day the second
installment for the 1925 Quad, other
than Junior and Senior Quads, may be
paid. Checks may be mailed to Box
100 or left at the Quad office.
April 15 is the last day the second
installment for the 1925 Quad, other
than Junior and Senior Quads, may be
paid. Checks may be mailed to Box
100 or left at the Quad office.
April 15 is the last day the second
installment for the 1925 Quad, other
than Junior and Senior Quads, may be
paid. Checks may be mailed to Box
100 or left at the Quad office.
April 15 is the last day the second
installment for the 1925 Quad, other
than Junior and Senior Quads, may be
paid. Checks may be mailed to Box
100 or left at the Quad office.
April 15 is the last day the second
installment for the 1925 Quad, other
than Junior and Senior Quads, may be
paid. Checks may be mailed to Box
100 or left at the Quad office.
