# BABES WILL START PRACTICE MONDAY FOR BASKETBALL
## 
### 
Coach "Husky" Hunt will take
charge of the freshman basketball
players beginning Monday afternoon.
All men who wish to try out for the
freshman team should see him at 4
o'clock in Encina gymnasium Monday
afternoon.
Men who are at present signed up in
some other sport, will not be allowed
to transter to iresnman basketball for
credit this quarter. Freshmen who are
unable to go out for class basketball
at present and who wish to do so at
a later date, should meet Coach Hunt
Monday and discuss tlfe matter with
him.
This is being done because the large
number of freshman trying out at
present more than fill the gymnasium,
and a cut must be made. For this
reason the coach wishes to know the
names of all men who will try for the
team.
