# Adv. 21 Page 4
## 
### 
Vote today in tlie Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Lav
steps.
Vote today in tlie Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Lav
steps.
Vote today in tlie Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Lav
steps.
Vote today in tlie Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Lav
steps.
Vote today in tlie Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Lav
steps.
Vote today in tlie Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Lav
steps.
Vote today in tlie Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Lav
steps.
Vote today in tlie Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Lav
steps.
Vote today in tlie Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Lav
steps.
Vote today in tlie Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Lav
steps.
Vote today in tlie Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Lav
steps.
Vote today in tlie Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Lav
steps.
Vote today in tlie Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Lav
steps.
Vote today in tlie Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Lav
steps.
Vote today in tlie Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Lav
steps.
Vote today in tlie Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Lav
steps.
