# THETA CHI PLEDGES
## 
### 
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Thad Tucker, '34, and Bob Mc-
Donald, '35.

Vote today in the Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Law
steps.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Thad Tucker, '34, and Bob Mc-
Donald, '35.

Vote today in the Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Law
steps.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Thad Tucker, '34, and Bob Mc-
Donald, '35.

Vote today in the Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Law
steps.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Thad Tucker, '34, and Bob Mc-
Donald, '35.

Vote today in the Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Law
steps.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Thad Tucker, '34, and Bob Mc-
Donald, '35.

Vote today in the Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Law
steps.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Thad Tucker, '34, and Bob Mc-
Donald, '35.

Vote today in the Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Law
steps.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Thad Tucker, '34, and Bob Mc-
Donald, '35.

Vote today in the Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Law
steps.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Thad Tucker, '34, and Bob Mc-
Donald, '35.

Vote today in the Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Law
steps.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Thad Tucker, '34, and Bob Mc-
Donald, '35.

Vote today in the Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Law
steps.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Thad Tucker, '34, and Bob Mc-
Donald, '35.

Vote today in the Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Law
steps.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Thad Tucker, '34, and Bob Mc-
Donald, '35.

Vote today in the Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Law
steps.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Thad Tucker, '34, and Bob Mc-
Donald, '35.

Vote today in the Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Law
steps.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Thad Tucker, '34, and Bob Mc-
Donald, '35.

Vote today in the Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Law
steps.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Thad Tucker, '34, and Bob Mc-
Donald, '35.

Vote today in the Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Law
steps.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Thad Tucker, '34, and Bob Mc-
Donald, '35.

Vote today in the Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Law
steps.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Thad Tucker, '34, and Bob Mc-
Donald, '35.

Vote today in the Daily's Presi
dential straw ballot—at the Law
steps.
