# Hungarian Wood Work Shown at Art Gallery
## 
### 
An exhibition of large carved
wood panels, small statues in wood
and paintings by Karoly Fulop, a
young Hungarian artist, is being
shown in the Stanford Art Gallery
during the month of October, clos
ing November 4.
The art gallery is open to the
public from 10 to 5 o'clock daily in
cluding Sundays. Admission is free
at all times.
Half of Alabama College's 328
graduates have obtained positions.
An exhibition of large carved
wood panels, small statues in wood
and paintings by Karoly Fulop, a
young Hungarian artist, is being
shown in the Stanford Art Gallery
during the month of October, clos
ing November 4.
The art gallery is open to the
public from 10 to 5 o'clock daily in
cluding Sundays. Admission is free
at all times.
Half of Alabama College's 328
graduates have obtained positions.
An exhibition of large carved
wood panels, small statues in wood
and paintings by Karoly Fulop, a
young Hungarian artist, is being
shown in the Stanford Art Gallery
during the month of October, clos
ing November 4.
The art gallery is open to the
public from 10 to 5 o'clock daily in
cluding Sundays. Admission is free
at all times.
Half of Alabama College's 328
graduates have obtained positions.
An exhibition of large carved
wood panels, small statues in wood
and paintings by Karoly Fulop, a
young Hungarian artist, is being
shown in the Stanford Art Gallery
during the month of October, clos
ing November 4.
The art gallery is open to the
public from 10 to 5 o'clock daily in
cluding Sundays. Admission is free
at all times.
Half of Alabama College's 328
graduates have obtained positions.
An exhibition of large carved
wood panels, small statues in wood
and paintings by Karoly Fulop, a
young Hungarian artist, is being
shown in the Stanford Art Gallery
during the month of October, clos
ing November 4.
The art gallery is open to the
public from 10 to 5 o'clock daily in
cluding Sundays. Admission is free
at all times.
Half of Alabama College's 328
graduates have obtained positions.
An exhibition of large carved
wood panels, small statues in wood
and paintings by Karoly Fulop, a
young Hungarian artist, is being
shown in the Stanford Art Gallery
during the month of October, clos
ing November 4.
The art gallery is open to the
public from 10 to 5 o'clock daily in
cluding Sundays. Admission is free
at all times.
Half of Alabama College's 328
graduates have obtained positions.
An exhibition of large carved
wood panels, small statues in wood
and paintings by Karoly Fulop, a
young Hungarian artist, is being
shown in the Stanford Art Gallery
during the month of October, clos
ing November 4.
The art gallery is open to the
public from 10 to 5 o'clock daily in
cluding Sundays. Admission is free
at all times.
Half of Alabama College's 328
graduates have obtained positions.
An exhibition of large carved
wood panels, small statues in wood
and paintings by Karoly Fulop, a
young Hungarian artist, is being
shown in the Stanford Art Gallery
during the month of October, clos
ing November 4.
The art gallery is open to the
public from 10 to 5 o'clock daily in
cluding Sundays. Admission is free
at all times.
Half of Alabama College's 328
graduates have obtained positions.
An exhibition of large carved
wood panels, small statues in wood
and paintings by Karoly Fulop, a
young Hungarian artist, is being
shown in the Stanford Art Gallery
during the month of October, clos
ing November 4.
The art gallery is open to the
public from 10 to 5 o'clock daily in
cluding Sundays. Admission is free
at all times.
Half of Alabama College's 328
graduates have obtained positions.
An exhibition of large carved
wood panels, small statues in wood
and paintings by Karoly Fulop, a
young Hungarian artist, is being
shown in the Stanford Art Gallery
during the month of October, clos
ing November 4.
The art gallery is open to the
public from 10 to 5 o'clock daily in
cluding Sundays. Admission is free
at all times.
Half of Alabama College's 328
graduates have obtained positions.
An exhibition of large carved
wood panels, small statues in wood
and paintings by Karoly Fulop, a
young Hungarian artist, is being
shown in the Stanford Art Gallery
during the month of October, clos
ing November 4.
The art gallery is open to the
public from 10 to 5 o'clock daily in
cluding Sundays. Admission is free
at all times.
Half of Alabama College's 328
graduates have obtained positions.
An exhibition of large carved
wood panels, small statues in wood
and paintings by Karoly Fulop, a
young Hungarian artist, is being
shown in the Stanford Art Gallery
during the month of October, clos
ing November 4.
The art gallery is open to the
public from 10 to 5 o'clock daily in
cluding Sundays. Admission is free
at all times.
Half of Alabama College's 328
graduates have obtained positions.
An exhibition of large carved
wood panels, small statues in wood
and paintings by Karoly Fulop, a
young Hungarian artist, is being
shown in the Stanford Art Gallery
during the month of October, clos
ing November 4.
The art gallery is open to the
public from 10 to 5 o'clock daily in
cluding Sundays. Admission is free
at all times.
Half of Alabama College's 328
graduates have obtained positions.
An exhibition of large carved
wood panels, small statues in wood
and paintings by Karoly Fulop, a
young Hungarian artist, is being
shown in the Stanford Art Gallery
during the month of October, clos
ing November 4.
The art gallery is open to the
public from 10 to 5 o'clock daily in
cluding Sundays. Admission is free
at all times.
Half of Alabama College's 328
graduates have obtained positions.
An exhibition of large carved
wood panels, small statues in wood
and paintings by Karoly Fulop, a
young Hungarian artist, is being
shown in the Stanford Art Gallery
during the month of October, clos
ing November 4.
The art gallery is open to the
public from 10 to 5 o'clock daily in
cluding Sundays. Admission is free
at all times.
Half of Alabama College's 328
graduates have obtained positions.
An exhibition of large carved
wood panels, small statues in wood
and paintings by Karoly Fulop, a
young Hungarian artist, is being
shown in the Stanford Art Gallery
during the month of October, clos
ing November 4.
The art gallery is open to the
public from 10 to 5 o'clock daily in
cluding Sundays. Admission is free
at all times.
Half of Alabama College's 328
graduates have obtained positions.
