# AL SMITH ENTERS CAMPAIGN
## 
### 

The "Happy Warrior" of 1928 takes an active part in the Democratic
campaign for the first time. Photo shows Smith speaking at a Roosevelt
rally in Tammy Hall. Behind are seen Lehman and Roosevelt posters.
(Associated Press Photo).

The "Happy Warrior" of 1928 takes an active part in the Democratic
campaign for the first time. Photo shows Smith speaking at a Roosevelt
rally in Tammy Hall. Behind are seen Lehman and Roosevelt posters.
(Associated Press Photo).

The "Happy Warrior" of 1928 takes an active part in the Democratic
campaign for the first time. Photo shows Smith speaking at a Roosevelt
rally in Tammy Hall. Behind are seen Lehman and Roosevelt posters.
(Associated Press Photo).

The "Happy Warrior" of 1928 takes an active part in the Democratic
campaign for the first time. Photo shows Smith speaking at a Roosevelt
rally in Tammy Hall. Behind are seen Lehman and Roosevelt posters.
(Associated Press Photo).

The "Happy Warrior" of 1928 takes an active part in the Democratic
campaign for the first time. Photo shows Smith speaking at a Roosevelt
rally in Tammy Hall. Behind are seen Lehman and Roosevelt posters.
(Associated Press Photo).

The "Happy Warrior" of 1928 takes an active part in the Democratic
campaign for the first time. Photo shows Smith speaking at a Roosevelt
rally in Tammy Hall. Behind are seen Lehman and Roosevelt posters.
(Associated Press Photo).

The "Happy Warrior" of 1928 takes an active part in the Democratic
campaign for the first time. Photo shows Smith speaking at a Roosevelt
rally in Tammy Hall. Behind are seen Lehman and Roosevelt posters.
(Associated Press Photo).

The "Happy Warrior" of 1928 takes an active part in the Democratic
campaign for the first time. Photo shows Smith speaking at a Roosevelt
rally in Tammy Hall. Behind are seen Lehman and Roosevelt posters.
(Associated Press Photo).

The "Happy Warrior" of 1928 takes an active part in the Democratic
campaign for the first time. Photo shows Smith speaking at a Roosevelt
rally in Tammy Hall. Behind are seen Lehman and Roosevelt posters.
(Associated Press Photo).

The "Happy Warrior" of 1928 takes an active part in the Democratic
campaign for the first time. Photo shows Smith speaking at a Roosevelt
rally in Tammy Hall. Behind are seen Lehman and Roosevelt posters.
(Associated Press Photo).

The "Happy Warrior" of 1928 takes an active part in the Democratic
campaign for the first time. Photo shows Smith speaking at a Roosevelt
rally in Tammy Hall. Behind are seen Lehman and Roosevelt posters.
(Associated Press Photo).

The "Happy Warrior" of 1928 takes an active part in the Democratic
campaign for the first time. Photo shows Smith speaking at a Roosevelt
rally in Tammy Hall. Behind are seen Lehman and Roosevelt posters.
(Associated Press Photo).

The "Happy Warrior" of 1928 takes an active part in the Democratic
campaign for the first time. Photo shows Smith speaking at a Roosevelt
rally in Tammy Hall. Behind are seen Lehman and Roosevelt posters.
(Associated Press Photo).

The "Happy Warrior" of 1928 takes an active part in the Democratic
campaign for the first time. Photo shows Smith speaking at a Roosevelt
rally in Tammy Hall. Behind are seen Lehman and Roosevelt posters.
(Associated Press Photo).

The "Happy Warrior" of 1928 takes an active part in the Democratic
campaign for the first time. Photo shows Smith speaking at a Roosevelt
rally in Tammy Hall. Behind are seen Lehman and Roosevelt posters.
(Associated Press Photo).

The "Happy Warrior" of 1928 takes an active part in the Democratic
campaign for the first time. Photo shows Smith speaking at a Roosevelt
rally in Tammy Hall. Behind are seen Lehman and Roosevelt posters.
(Associated Press Photo).
