# Investment Club to Meet
## 
### 
The Investment Club will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse to hear Pat Carey, of
Cornish & Carey Real Estate,
speak on "Commercial Real Es- j
tate Investment."
The Investment Club will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse to hear Pat Carey, of
Cornish & Carey Real Estate,
speak on "Commercial Real Es- j
tate Investment."
The Investment Club will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse to hear Pat Carey, of
Cornish & Carey Real Estate,
speak on "Commercial Real Es- j
tate Investment."
The Investment Club will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse to hear Pat Carey, of
Cornish & Carey Real Estate,
speak on "Commercial Real Es- j
tate Investment."
The Investment Club will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse to hear Pat Carey, of
Cornish & Carey Real Estate,
speak on "Commercial Real Es- j
tate Investment."
The Investment Club will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse to hear Pat Carey, of
Cornish & Carey Real Estate,
speak on "Commercial Real Es- j
tate Investment."
The Investment Club will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse to hear Pat Carey, of
Cornish & Carey Real Estate,
speak on "Commercial Real Es- j
tate Investment."
The Investment Club will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse to hear Pat Carey, of
Cornish & Carey Real Estate,
speak on "Commercial Real Es- j
tate Investment."
The Investment Club will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse to hear Pat Carey, of
Cornish & Carey Real Estate,
speak on "Commercial Real Es- j
tate Investment."
The Investment Club will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse to hear Pat Carey, of
Cornish & Carey Real Estate,
speak on "Commercial Real Es- j
tate Investment."
The Investment Club will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse to hear Pat Carey, of
Cornish & Carey Real Estate,
speak on "Commercial Real Es- j
tate Investment."
The Investment Club will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse to hear Pat Carey, of
Cornish & Carey Real Estate,
speak on "Commercial Real Es- j
tate Investment."
The Investment Club will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse to hear Pat Carey, of
Cornish & Carey Real Estate,
speak on "Commercial Real Es- j
tate Investment."
The Investment Club will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse to hear Pat Carey, of
Cornish & Carey Real Estate,
speak on "Commercial Real Es- j
tate Investment."
The Investment Club will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse to hear Pat Carey, of
Cornish & Carey Real Estate,
speak on "Commercial Real Es- j
tate Investment."
