# Alumni Meet Plans Varied Program
## 
### 
The more than 1000 alumni and
friends of the University who con
verge onto the campus on Satur
day for the 24th annual Stanford
Conference will be treated to an
array of speeches, sports events,
class reunions and an after-lunch
report by President Wallace Ster
ling.
Following the opening of the
conference at 0 a.m. in Memorial
Hall, the principal morning event
will be a panel discussion of the
sweeping changes made in Stan
ford's undergraduate curriculum.
Movie actor Fred Clark will en
tertain the luncheon on the patio
of Bowman Alumni House.
In the afternoon faculty mem
bers will deliver lectures in the
Quad rooms and Cubberley on top
ics in political science, interna
tional affairs and the arts and
sciences.
Chairman for the conference is
Greg Davis, a San Francisco bank
executive and a graduate of the
class of 1928.
