# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 200
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 200
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 200
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 200
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 200
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 200
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 200
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 200
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 200
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 200
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 200
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 200
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 200
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 200
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 200
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 200
words.
