# Miller Sparks Braves to Win
## 
### 
Sparked by the bitting and
burling of pitcher Mark Miller,
the Stanford Brave baseball team
came from behind to swamp Sac
ramento City College, 8-2, in a
Monday afternoon game at the
farm.
Sacramento pushed across two
runs in the first frame, but they
were shut out for the rest of the
route by the smooth-throwing
Miller, who struck out ten and
walked one while giving up nine
hits.
Stanford halved their opening
two-run deficit by scoring one
tally in the bottom of the first
inning, but the locals clinched the
ball game with a seven-run fifth
that was highlighted by a double
by Jim Cowart and singles off

the bats of Miller and IJans Kra
mer.
Saeramento 2 00 0 00 0 0 0—291
Stanford I (I 0 0 7 0 0 0 x—8 5 H
Keid, Fru ley (5) and Asher.
Miller and Overmann.
Sparked by the bitting and
burling of pitcher Mark Miller,
the Stanford Brave baseball team
came from behind to swamp Sac
ramento City College, 8-2, in a
Monday afternoon game at the
farm.
Sacramento pushed across two
runs in the first frame, but they
were shut out for the rest of the
route by the smooth-throwing
Miller, who struck out ten and
walked one while giving up nine
hits.
Stanford halved their opening
two-run deficit by scoring one
tally in the bottom of the first
inning, but the locals clinched the
ball game with a seven-run fifth
that was highlighted by a double
by Jim Cowart and singles off

the bats of Miller and IJans Kra
mer.
Saeramento 2 00 0 00 0 0 0—291
Stanford I (I 0 0 7 0 0 0 x—8 5 H
Keid, Fru ley (5) and Asher.
Miller and Overmann.
Sparked by the bitting and
burling of pitcher Mark Miller,
the Stanford Brave baseball team
came from behind to swamp Sac
ramento City College, 8-2, in a
Monday afternoon game at the
farm.
Sacramento pushed across two
runs in the first frame, but they
were shut out for the rest of the
route by the smooth-throwing
Miller, who struck out ten and
walked one while giving up nine
hits.
Stanford halved their opening
two-run deficit by scoring one
tally in the bottom of the first
inning, but the locals clinched the
ball game with a seven-run fifth
that was highlighted by a double
by Jim Cowart and singles off

the bats of Miller and IJans Kra
mer.
Saeramento 2 00 0 00 0 0 0—291
Stanford I (I 0 0 7 0 0 0 x—8 5 H
Keid, Fru ley (5) and Asher.
Miller and Overmann.
Sparked by the bitting and
burling of pitcher Mark Miller,
the Stanford Brave baseball team
came from behind to swamp Sac
ramento City College, 8-2, in a
Monday afternoon game at the
farm.
Sacramento pushed across two
runs in the first frame, but they
were shut out for the rest of the
route by the smooth-throwing
Miller, who struck out ten and
walked one while giving up nine
hits.
Stanford halved their opening
two-run deficit by scoring one
tally in the bottom of the first
inning, but the locals clinched the
ball game with a seven-run fifth
that was highlighted by a double
by Jim Cowart and singles off

the bats of Miller and IJans Kra
mer.
Saeramento 2 00 0 00 0 0 0—291
Stanford I (I 0 0 7 0 0 0 x—8 5 H
Keid, Fru ley (5) and Asher.
Miller and Overmann.
Sparked by the bitting and
burling of pitcher Mark Miller,
the Stanford Brave baseball team
came from behind to swamp Sac
ramento City College, 8-2, in a
Monday afternoon game at the
farm.
Sacramento pushed across two
runs in the first frame, but they
were shut out for the rest of the
route by the smooth-throwing
Miller, who struck out ten and
walked one while giving up nine
hits.
Stanford halved their opening
two-run deficit by scoring one
tally in the bottom of the first
inning, but the locals clinched the
ball game with a seven-run fifth
that was highlighted by a double
by Jim Cowart and singles off

the bats of Miller and IJans Kra
mer.
Saeramento 2 00 0 00 0 0 0—291
Stanford I (I 0 0 7 0 0 0 x—8 5 H
Keid, Fru ley (5) and Asher.
Miller and Overmann.
Sparked by the bitting and
burling of pitcher Mark Miller,
the Stanford Brave baseball team
came from behind to swamp Sac
ramento City College, 8-2, in a
Monday afternoon game at the
farm.
Sacramento pushed across two
runs in the first frame, but they
were shut out for the rest of the
route by the smooth-throwing
Miller, who struck out ten and
walked one while giving up nine
hits.
Stanford halved their opening
two-run deficit by scoring one
tally in the bottom of the first
inning, but the locals clinched the
ball game with a seven-run fifth
that was highlighted by a double
by Jim Cowart and singles off

the bats of Miller and IJans Kra
mer.
Saeramento 2 00 0 00 0 0 0—291
Stanford I (I 0 0 7 0 0 0 x—8 5 H
Keid, Fru ley (5) and Asher.
Miller and Overmann.
Sparked by the bitting and
burling of pitcher Mark Miller,
the Stanford Brave baseball team
came from behind to swamp Sac
ramento City College, 8-2, in a
Monday afternoon game at the
farm.
Sacramento pushed across two
runs in the first frame, but they
were shut out for the rest of the
route by the smooth-throwing
Miller, who struck out ten and
walked one while giving up nine
hits.
Stanford halved their opening
two-run deficit by scoring one
tally in the bottom of the first
inning, but the locals clinched the
ball game with a seven-run fifth
that was highlighted by a double
by Jim Cowart and singles off

the bats of Miller and IJans Kra
mer.
Saeramento 2 00 0 00 0 0 0—291
Stanford I (I 0 0 7 0 0 0 x—8 5 H
Keid, Fru ley (5) and Asher.
Miller and Overmann.
Sparked by the bitting and
burling of pitcher Mark Miller,
the Stanford Brave baseball team
came from behind to swamp Sac
ramento City College, 8-2, in a
Monday afternoon game at the
farm.
Sacramento pushed across two
runs in the first frame, but they
were shut out for the rest of the
route by the smooth-throwing
Miller, who struck out ten and
walked one while giving up nine
hits.
Stanford halved their opening
two-run deficit by scoring one
tally in the bottom of the first
inning, but the locals clinched the
ball game with a seven-run fifth
that was highlighted by a double
by Jim Cowart and singles off

the bats of Miller and IJans Kra
mer.
Saeramento 2 00 0 00 0 0 0—291
Stanford I (I 0 0 7 0 0 0 x—8 5 H
Keid, Fru ley (5) and Asher.
Miller and Overmann.
Sparked by the bitting and
burling of pitcher Mark Miller,
the Stanford Brave baseball team
came from behind to swamp Sac
ramento City College, 8-2, in a
Monday afternoon game at the
farm.
Sacramento pushed across two
runs in the first frame, but they
were shut out for the rest of the
route by the smooth-throwing
Miller, who struck out ten and
walked one while giving up nine
hits.
Stanford halved their opening
two-run deficit by scoring one
tally in the bottom of the first
inning, but the locals clinched the
ball game with a seven-run fifth
that was highlighted by a double
by Jim Cowart and singles off

the bats of Miller and IJans Kra
mer.
Saeramento 2 00 0 00 0 0 0—291
Stanford I (I 0 0 7 0 0 0 x—8 5 H
Keid, Fru ley (5) and Asher.
Miller and Overmann.
Sparked by the bitting and
burling of pitcher Mark Miller,
the Stanford Brave baseball team
came from behind to swamp Sac
ramento City College, 8-2, in a
Monday afternoon game at the
farm.
Sacramento pushed across two
runs in the first frame, but they
were shut out for the rest of the
route by the smooth-throwing
Miller, who struck out ten and
walked one while giving up nine
hits.
Stanford halved their opening
two-run deficit by scoring one
tally in the bottom of the first
inning, but the locals clinched the
ball game with a seven-run fifth
that was highlighted by a double
by Jim Cowart and singles off

the bats of Miller and IJans Kra
mer.
Saeramento 2 00 0 00 0 0 0—291
Stanford I (I 0 0 7 0 0 0 x—8 5 H
Keid, Fru ley (5) and Asher.
Miller and Overmann.
Sparked by the bitting and
burling of pitcher Mark Miller,
the Stanford Brave baseball team
came from behind to swamp Sac
ramento City College, 8-2, in a
Monday afternoon game at the
farm.
Sacramento pushed across two
runs in the first frame, but they
were shut out for the rest of the
route by the smooth-throwing
Miller, who struck out ten and
walked one while giving up nine
hits.
Stanford halved their opening
two-run deficit by scoring one
tally in the bottom of the first
inning, but the locals clinched the
ball game with a seven-run fifth
that was highlighted by a double
by Jim Cowart and singles off

the bats of Miller and IJans Kra
mer.
Saeramento 2 00 0 00 0 0 0—291
Stanford I (I 0 0 7 0 0 0 x—8 5 H
Keid, Fru ley (5) and Asher.
Miller and Overmann.
Sparked by the bitting and
burling of pitcher Mark Miller,
the Stanford Brave baseball team
came from behind to swamp Sac
ramento City College, 8-2, in a
Monday afternoon game at the
farm.
Sacramento pushed across two
runs in the first frame, but they
were shut out for the rest of the
route by the smooth-throwing
Miller, who struck out ten and
walked one while giving up nine
hits.
Stanford halved their opening
two-run deficit by scoring one
tally in the bottom of the first
inning, but the locals clinched the
ball game with a seven-run fifth
that was highlighted by a double
by Jim Cowart and singles off

the bats of Miller and IJans Kra
mer.
Saeramento 2 00 0 00 0 0 0—291
Stanford I (I 0 0 7 0 0 0 x—8 5 H
Keid, Fru ley (5) and Asher.
Miller and Overmann.
Sparked by the bitting and
burling of pitcher Mark Miller,
the Stanford Brave baseball team
came from behind to swamp Sac
ramento City College, 8-2, in a
Monday afternoon game at the
farm.
Sacramento pushed across two
runs in the first frame, but they
were shut out for the rest of the
route by the smooth-throwing
Miller, who struck out ten and
walked one while giving up nine
hits.
Stanford halved their opening
two-run deficit by scoring one
tally in the bottom of the first
inning, but the locals clinched the
ball game with a seven-run fifth
that was highlighted by a double
by Jim Cowart and singles off

the bats of Miller and IJans Kra
mer.
Saeramento 2 00 0 00 0 0 0—291
Stanford I (I 0 0 7 0 0 0 x—8 5 H
Keid, Fru ley (5) and Asher.
Miller and Overmann.
Sparked by the bitting and
burling of pitcher Mark Miller,
the Stanford Brave baseball team
came from behind to swamp Sac
ramento City College, 8-2, in a
Monday afternoon game at the
farm.
Sacramento pushed across two
runs in the first frame, but they
were shut out for the rest of the
route by the smooth-throwing
Miller, who struck out ten and
walked one while giving up nine
hits.
Stanford halved their opening
two-run deficit by scoring one
tally in the bottom of the first
inning, but the locals clinched the
ball game with a seven-run fifth
that was highlighted by a double
by Jim Cowart and singles off

the bats of Miller and IJans Kra
mer.
Saeramento 2 00 0 00 0 0 0—291
Stanford I (I 0 0 7 0 0 0 x—8 5 H
Keid, Fru ley (5) and Asher.
Miller and Overmann.
Sparked by the bitting and
burling of pitcher Mark Miller,
the Stanford Brave baseball team
came from behind to swamp Sac
ramento City College, 8-2, in a
Monday afternoon game at the
farm.
Sacramento pushed across two
runs in the first frame, but they
were shut out for the rest of the
route by the smooth-throwing
Miller, who struck out ten and
walked one while giving up nine
hits.
Stanford halved their opening
two-run deficit by scoring one
tally in the bottom of the first
inning, but the locals clinched the
ball game with a seven-run fifth
that was highlighted by a double
by Jim Cowart and singles off

the bats of Miller and IJans Kra
mer.
Saeramento 2 00 0 00 0 0 0—291
Stanford I (I 0 0 7 0 0 0 x—8 5 H
Keid, Fru ley (5) and Asher.
Miller and Overmann.
Sparked by the bitting and
burling of pitcher Mark Miller,
the Stanford Brave baseball team
came from behind to swamp Sac
ramento City College, 8-2, in a
Monday afternoon game at the
farm.
Sacramento pushed across two
runs in the first frame, but they
were shut out for the rest of the
route by the smooth-throwing
Miller, who struck out ten and
walked one while giving up nine
hits.
Stanford halved their opening
two-run deficit by scoring one
tally in the bottom of the first
inning, but the locals clinched the
ball game with a seven-run fifth
that was highlighted by a double
by Jim Cowart and singles off

the bats of Miller and IJans Kra
mer.
Saeramento 2 00 0 00 0 0 0—291
Stanford I (I 0 0 7 0 0 0 x—8 5 H
Keid, Fru ley (5) and Asher.
Miller and Overmann.
