# Beta Chi
## 
### 

In the future, members of Beta Chi will draw for the privilege of living in
the fraternity's house pictured above. Beta Chi voted Monday night to cancel
formal rush rules, and switched to a draw system.

In the future, members of Beta Chi will draw for the privilege of living in
the fraternity's house pictured above. Beta Chi voted Monday night to cancel
formal rush rules, and switched to a draw system.

In the future, members of Beta Chi will draw for the privilege of living in
the fraternity's house pictured above. Beta Chi voted Monday night to cancel
formal rush rules, and switched to a draw system.

In the future, members of Beta Chi will draw for the privilege of living in
the fraternity's house pictured above. Beta Chi voted Monday night to cancel
formal rush rules, and switched to a draw system.

In the future, members of Beta Chi will draw for the privilege of living in
the fraternity's house pictured above. Beta Chi voted Monday night to cancel
formal rush rules, and switched to a draw system.

In the future, members of Beta Chi will draw for the privilege of living in
the fraternity's house pictured above. Beta Chi voted Monday night to cancel
formal rush rules, and switched to a draw system.

In the future, members of Beta Chi will draw for the privilege of living in
the fraternity's house pictured above. Beta Chi voted Monday night to cancel
formal rush rules, and switched to a draw system.

In the future, members of Beta Chi will draw for the privilege of living in
the fraternity's house pictured above. Beta Chi voted Monday night to cancel
formal rush rules, and switched to a draw system.

In the future, members of Beta Chi will draw for the privilege of living in
the fraternity's house pictured above. Beta Chi voted Monday night to cancel
formal rush rules, and switched to a draw system.

In the future, members of Beta Chi will draw for the privilege of living in
the fraternity's house pictured above. Beta Chi voted Monday night to cancel
formal rush rules, and switched to a draw system.

In the future, members of Beta Chi will draw for the privilege of living in
the fraternity's house pictured above. Beta Chi voted Monday night to cancel
formal rush rules, and switched to a draw system.

In the future, members of Beta Chi will draw for the privilege of living in
the fraternity's house pictured above. Beta Chi voted Monday night to cancel
formal rush rules, and switched to a draw system.

In the future, members of Beta Chi will draw for the privilege of living in
the fraternity's house pictured above. Beta Chi voted Monday night to cancel
formal rush rules, and switched to a draw system.

In the future, members of Beta Chi will draw for the privilege of living in
the fraternity's house pictured above. Beta Chi voted Monday night to cancel
formal rush rules, and switched to a draw system.

In the future, members of Beta Chi will draw for the privilege of living in
the fraternity's house pictured above. Beta Chi voted Monday night to cancel
formal rush rules, and switched to a draw system.

In the future, members of Beta Chi will draw for the privilege of living in
the fraternity's house pictured above. Beta Chi voted Monday night to cancel
formal rush rules, and switched to a draw system.
