# Study Of Nabakov's Art Fails As Analytic Work
## 
### BRUCE BLOCK 
Eiscape Into Aesthetics: The Art
of Vladimir Nabokov, Page
Stegner, (Dial Press) $4.60.
The sole test of any critical
study must be the degree to

which it enhances the reader's
experience of the text to which
it refers.
Stegner attempts to discuss
Nabokov's background, his mag
ical technique, and his relation

to other modern novelists—this
in the first sixty pages. He gen
erously allots the remaining
seventy-five pages of text to a
discussion of Nabokov's five
novels written in English.
The book is far too small for
Stegner's proclaimed purpose:
"the first full-length critical
study of Nabokov's art and of
the manipulating consciousness
behind it."
Enthusiasts have awaited im
patiently such a study; like Kin
bote, they must await "a bigger,
more respectable, more compe
tent Gradus." Escape Into Aes
thetics is neither an exhaustive
nor a provocative study. The
book has been published prema
turely and suffers from Steg
ner's extraordinary concern for
N a bo k o v-the-crltic. Hold ing
Mark Twain's shotgun, Nabokov
attempts to write the critic
proof novel. Stegner unfor
tunately accepts the role of
parasite-to-Nabokov; the critic
should no more write to please
his host-author than should the
novelist write to please his
critics.
Stegner describes and at times
documents what he calls the
"marvelous" in Nabokov's fic
tion—the sheer force of Nabo
kov's manipulative and linguis
tic abilities. His discussion of
Nabokov's use of shifting narra
tive perspective is a bright point
in the book.
Stegner's problem stems di
rectly from his refusal to con
front the titular concern of his
book: Nabokov's escape into aes
thetics. His discussion of Nabo
kov's aesthetics is descriDtive
rather than analytical. He never
decides whether the "escape"
leads one to highly pleasurable
but solipsistic intellectual mas
turbation, or whether it leads
to a confrontation with reality
on excitingly different terms.
Eiscape Into Aesthetics: The Art
of Vladimir Nabokov, Page
Stegner, (Dial Press) $4.60.
The sole test of any critical
study must be the degree to

which it enhances the reader's
experience of the text to which
it refers.
Stegner attempts to discuss
Nabokov's background, his mag
ical technique, and his relation

to other modern novelists—this
in the first sixty pages. He gen
erously allots the remaining
seventy-five pages of text to a
discussion of Nabokov's five
novels written in English.
The book is far too small for
Stegner's proclaimed purpose:
"the first full-length critical
study of Nabokov's art and of
the manipulating consciousness
behind it."
Enthusiasts have awaited im
patiently such a study; like Kin
bote, they must await "a bigger,
more respectable, more compe
tent Gradus." Escape Into Aes
thetics is neither an exhaustive
nor a provocative study. The
book has been published prema
turely and suffers from Steg
ner's extraordinary concern for
N a bo k o v-the-crltic. Hold ing
Mark Twain's shotgun, Nabokov
attempts to write the critic
proof novel. Stegner unfor
tunately accepts the role of
parasite-to-Nabokov; the critic
should no more write to please
his host-author than should the
novelist write to please his
critics.
Stegner describes and at times
documents what he calls the
"marvelous" in Nabokov's fic
tion—the sheer force of Nabo
kov's manipulative and linguis
tic abilities. His discussion of
Nabokov's use of shifting narra
tive perspective is a bright point
in the book.
Stegner's problem stems di
rectly from his refusal to con
front the titular concern of his
book: Nabokov's escape into aes
thetics. His discussion of Nabo
kov's aesthetics is descriDtive
rather than analytical. He never
decides whether the "escape"
leads one to highly pleasurable
but solipsistic intellectual mas
turbation, or whether it leads
to a confrontation with reality
on excitingly different terms.
Eiscape Into Aesthetics: The Art
of Vladimir Nabokov, Page
Stegner, (Dial Press) $4.60.
The sole test of any critical
study must be the degree to

which it enhances the reader's
experience of the text to which
it refers.
Stegner attempts to discuss
Nabokov's background, his mag
ical technique, and his relation

to other modern novelists—this
in the first sixty pages. He gen
erously allots the remaining
seventy-five pages of text to a
discussion of Nabokov's five
novels written in English.
The book is far too small for
Stegner's proclaimed purpose:
"the first full-length critical
study of Nabokov's art and of
the manipulating consciousness
behind it."
Enthusiasts have awaited im
patiently such a study; like Kin
bote, they must await "a bigger,
more respectable, more compe
tent Gradus." Escape Into Aes
thetics is neither an exhaustive
nor a provocative study. The
book has been published prema
turely and suffers from Steg
ner's extraordinary concern for
N a bo k o v-the-crltic. Hold ing
Mark Twain's shotgun, Nabokov
attempts to write the critic
proof novel. Stegner unfor
tunately accepts the role of
parasite-to-Nabokov; the critic
should no more write to please
his host-author than should the
novelist write to please his
critics.
Stegner describes and at times
documents what he calls the
"marvelous" in Nabokov's fic
tion—the sheer force of Nabo
kov's manipulative and linguis
tic abilities. His discussion of
Nabokov's use of shifting narra
tive perspective is a bright point
in the book.
Stegner's problem stems di
rectly from his refusal to con
front the titular concern of his
book: Nabokov's escape into aes
thetics. His discussion of Nabo
kov's aesthetics is descriDtive
rather than analytical. He never
decides whether the "escape"
leads one to highly pleasurable
but solipsistic intellectual mas
turbation, or whether it leads
to a confrontation with reality
on excitingly different terms.
Eiscape Into Aesthetics: The Art
of Vladimir Nabokov, Page
Stegner, (Dial Press) $4.60.
The sole test of any critical
study must be the degree to

which it enhances the reader's
experience of the text to which
it refers.
Stegner attempts to discuss
Nabokov's background, his mag
ical technique, and his relation

to other modern novelists—this
in the first sixty pages. He gen
erously allots the remaining
seventy-five pages of text to a
discussion of Nabokov's five
novels written in English.
The book is far too small for
Stegner's proclaimed purpose:
"the first full-length critical
study of Nabokov's art and of
the manipulating consciousness
behind it."
Enthusiasts have awaited im
patiently such a study; like Kin
bote, they must await "a bigger,
more respectable, more compe
tent Gradus." Escape Into Aes
thetics is neither an exhaustive
nor a provocative study. The
book has been published prema
turely and suffers from Steg
ner's extraordinary concern for
N a bo k o v-the-crltic. Hold ing
Mark Twain's shotgun, Nabokov
attempts to write the critic
proof novel. Stegner unfor
tunately accepts the role of
parasite-to-Nabokov; the critic
should no more write to please
his host-author than should the
novelist write to please his
critics.
Stegner describes and at times
documents what he calls the
"marvelous" in Nabokov's fic
tion—the sheer force of Nabo
kov's manipulative and linguis
tic abilities. His discussion of
Nabokov's use of shifting narra
tive perspective is a bright point
in the book.
Stegner's problem stems di
rectly from his refusal to con
front the titular concern of his
book: Nabokov's escape into aes
thetics. His discussion of Nabo
kov's aesthetics is descriDtive
rather than analytical. He never
decides whether the "escape"
leads one to highly pleasurable
but solipsistic intellectual mas
turbation, or whether it leads
to a confrontation with reality
on excitingly different terms.
Eiscape Into Aesthetics: The Art
of Vladimir Nabokov, Page
Stegner, (Dial Press) $4.60.
The sole test of any critical
study must be the degree to

which it enhances the reader's
experience of the text to which
it refers.
Stegner attempts to discuss
Nabokov's background, his mag
ical technique, and his relation

to other modern novelists—this
in the first sixty pages. He gen
erously allots the remaining
seventy-five pages of text to a
discussion of Nabokov's five
novels written in English.
The book is far too small for
Stegner's proclaimed purpose:
"the first full-length critical
study of Nabokov's art and of
the manipulating consciousness
behind it."
Enthusiasts have awaited im
patiently such a study; like Kin
bote, they must await "a bigger,
more respectable, more compe
tent Gradus." Escape Into Aes
thetics is neither an exhaustive
nor a provocative study. The
book has been published prema
turely and suffers from Steg
ner's extraordinary concern for
N a bo k o v-the-crltic. Hold ing
Mark Twain's shotgun, Nabokov
attempts to write the critic
proof novel. Stegner unfor
tunately accepts the role of
parasite-to-Nabokov; the critic
should no more write to please
his host-author than should the
novelist write to please his
critics.
Stegner describes and at times
documents what he calls the
"marvelous" in Nabokov's fic
tion—the sheer force of Nabo
kov's manipulative and linguis
tic abilities. His discussion of
Nabokov's use of shifting narra
tive perspective is a bright point
in the book.
Stegner's problem stems di
rectly from his refusal to con
front the titular concern of his
book: Nabokov's escape into aes
thetics. His discussion of Nabo
kov's aesthetics is descriDtive
rather than analytical. He never
decides whether the "escape"
leads one to highly pleasurable
but solipsistic intellectual mas
turbation, or whether it leads
to a confrontation with reality
on excitingly different terms.
Eiscape Into Aesthetics: The Art
of Vladimir Nabokov, Page
Stegner, (Dial Press) $4.60.
The sole test of any critical
study must be the degree to

which it enhances the reader's
experience of the text to which
it refers.
Stegner attempts to discuss
Nabokov's background, his mag
ical technique, and his relation

to other modern novelists—this
in the first sixty pages. He gen
erously allots the remaining
seventy-five pages of text to a
discussion of Nabokov's five
novels written in English.
The book is far too small for
Stegner's proclaimed purpose:
"the first full-length critical
study of Nabokov's art and of
the manipulating consciousness
behind it."
Enthusiasts have awaited im
patiently such a study; like Kin
bote, they must await "a bigger,
more respectable, more compe
tent Gradus." Escape Into Aes
thetics is neither an exhaustive
nor a provocative study. The
book has been published prema
turely and suffers from Steg
ner's extraordinary concern for
N a bo k o v-the-crltic. Hold ing
Mark Twain's shotgun, Nabokov
attempts to write the critic
proof novel. Stegner unfor
tunately accepts the role of
parasite-to-Nabokov; the critic
should no more write to please
his host-author than should the
novelist write to please his
critics.
Stegner describes and at times
documents what he calls the
"marvelous" in Nabokov's fic
tion—the sheer force of Nabo
kov's manipulative and linguis
tic abilities. His discussion of
Nabokov's use of shifting narra
tive perspective is a bright point
in the book.
Stegner's problem stems di
rectly from his refusal to con
front the titular concern of his
book: Nabokov's escape into aes
thetics. His discussion of Nabo
kov's aesthetics is descriDtive
rather than analytical. He never
decides whether the "escape"
leads one to highly pleasurable
but solipsistic intellectual mas
turbation, or whether it leads
to a confrontation with reality
on excitingly different terms.
Eiscape Into Aesthetics: The Art
of Vladimir Nabokov, Page
Stegner, (Dial Press) $4.60.
The sole test of any critical
study must be the degree to

which it enhances the reader's
experience of the text to which
it refers.
Stegner attempts to discuss
Nabokov's background, his mag
ical technique, and his relation

to other modern novelists—this
in the first sixty pages. He gen
erously allots the remaining
seventy-five pages of text to a
discussion of Nabokov's five
novels written in English.
The book is far too small for
Stegner's proclaimed purpose:
"the first full-length critical
study of Nabokov's art and of
the manipulating consciousness
behind it."
Enthusiasts have awaited im
patiently such a study; like Kin
bote, they must await "a bigger,
more respectable, more compe
tent Gradus." Escape Into Aes
thetics is neither an exhaustive
nor a provocative study. The
book has been published prema
turely and suffers from Steg
ner's extraordinary concern for
N a bo k o v-the-crltic. Hold ing
Mark Twain's shotgun, Nabokov
attempts to write the critic
proof novel. Stegner unfor
tunately accepts the role of
parasite-to-Nabokov; the critic
should no more write to please
his host-author than should the
novelist write to please his
critics.
Stegner describes and at times
documents what he calls the
"marvelous" in Nabokov's fic
tion—the sheer force of Nabo
kov's manipulative and linguis
tic abilities. His discussion of
Nabokov's use of shifting narra
tive perspective is a bright point
in the book.
Stegner's problem stems di
rectly from his refusal to con
front the titular concern of his
book: Nabokov's escape into aes
thetics. His discussion of Nabo
kov's aesthetics is descriDtive
rather than analytical. He never
decides whether the "escape"
leads one to highly pleasurable
but solipsistic intellectual mas
turbation, or whether it leads
to a confrontation with reality
on excitingly different terms.
Eiscape Into Aesthetics: The Art
of Vladimir Nabokov, Page
Stegner, (Dial Press) $4.60.
The sole test of any critical
study must be the degree to

which it enhances the reader's
experience of the text to which
it refers.
Stegner attempts to discuss
Nabokov's background, his mag
ical technique, and his relation

to other modern novelists—this
in the first sixty pages. He gen
erously allots the remaining
seventy-five pages of text to a
discussion of Nabokov's five
novels written in English.
The book is far too small for
Stegner's proclaimed purpose:
"the first full-length critical
study of Nabokov's art and of
the manipulating consciousness
behind it."
Enthusiasts have awaited im
patiently such a study; like Kin
bote, they must await "a bigger,
more respectable, more compe
tent Gradus." Escape Into Aes
thetics is neither an exhaustive
nor a provocative study. The
book has been published prema
turely and suffers from Steg
ner's extraordinary concern for
N a bo k o v-the-crltic. Hold ing
Mark Twain's shotgun, Nabokov
attempts to write the critic
proof novel. Stegner unfor
tunately accepts the role of
parasite-to-Nabokov; the critic
should no more write to please
his host-author than should the
novelist write to please his
critics.
Stegner describes and at times
documents what he calls the
"marvelous" in Nabokov's fic
tion—the sheer force of Nabo
kov's manipulative and linguis
tic abilities. His discussion of
Nabokov's use of shifting narra
tive perspective is a bright point
in the book.
Stegner's problem stems di
rectly from his refusal to con
front the titular concern of his
book: Nabokov's escape into aes
thetics. His discussion of Nabo
kov's aesthetics is descriDtive
rather than analytical. He never
decides whether the "escape"
leads one to highly pleasurable
but solipsistic intellectual mas
turbation, or whether it leads
to a confrontation with reality
on excitingly different terms.
Eiscape Into Aesthetics: The Art
of Vladimir Nabokov, Page
Stegner, (Dial Press) $4.60.
The sole test of any critical
study must be the degree to

which it enhances the reader's
experience of the text to which
it refers.
Stegner attempts to discuss
Nabokov's background, his mag
ical technique, and his relation

to other modern novelists—this
in the first sixty pages. He gen
erously allots the remaining
seventy-five pages of text to a
discussion of Nabokov's five
novels written in English.
The book is far too small for
Stegner's proclaimed purpose:
"the first full-length critical
study of Nabokov's art and of
the manipulating consciousness
behind it."
Enthusiasts have awaited im
patiently such a study; like Kin
bote, they must await "a bigger,
more respectable, more compe
tent Gradus." Escape Into Aes
thetics is neither an exhaustive
nor a provocative study. The
book has been published prema
turely and suffers from Steg
ner's extraordinary concern for
N a bo k o v-the-crltic. Hold ing
Mark Twain's shotgun, Nabokov
attempts to write the critic
proof novel. Stegner unfor
tunately accepts the role of
parasite-to-Nabokov; the critic
should no more write to please
his host-author than should the
novelist write to please his
critics.
Stegner describes and at times
documents what he calls the
"marvelous" in Nabokov's fic
tion—the sheer force of Nabo
kov's manipulative and linguis
tic abilities. His discussion of
Nabokov's use of shifting narra
tive perspective is a bright point
in the book.
Stegner's problem stems di
rectly from his refusal to con
front the titular concern of his
book: Nabokov's escape into aes
thetics. His discussion of Nabo
kov's aesthetics is descriDtive
rather than analytical. He never
decides whether the "escape"
leads one to highly pleasurable
but solipsistic intellectual mas
turbation, or whether it leads
to a confrontation with reality
on excitingly different terms.
Eiscape Into Aesthetics: The Art
of Vladimir Nabokov, Page
Stegner, (Dial Press) $4.60.
The sole test of any critical
study must be the degree to

which it enhances the reader's
experience of the text to which
it refers.
Stegner attempts to discuss
Nabokov's background, his mag
ical technique, and his relation

to other modern novelists—this
in the first sixty pages. He gen
erously allots the remaining
seventy-five pages of text to a
discussion of Nabokov's five
novels written in English.
The book is far too small for
Stegner's proclaimed purpose:
"the first full-length critical
study of Nabokov's art and of
the manipulating consciousness
behind it."
Enthusiasts have awaited im
patiently such a study; like Kin
bote, they must await "a bigger,
more respectable, more compe
tent Gradus." Escape Into Aes
thetics is neither an exhaustive
nor a provocative study. The
book has been published prema
turely and suffers from Steg
ner's extraordinary concern for
N a bo k o v-the-crltic. Hold ing
Mark Twain's shotgun, Nabokov
attempts to write the critic
proof novel. Stegner unfor
tunately accepts the role of
parasite-to-Nabokov; the critic
should no more write to please
his host-author than should the
novelist write to please his
critics.
Stegner describes and at times
documents what he calls the
"marvelous" in Nabokov's fic
tion—the sheer force of Nabo
kov's manipulative and linguis
tic abilities. His discussion of
Nabokov's use of shifting narra
tive perspective is a bright point
in the book.
Stegner's problem stems di
rectly from his refusal to con
front the titular concern of his
book: Nabokov's escape into aes
thetics. His discussion of Nabo
kov's aesthetics is descriDtive
rather than analytical. He never
decides whether the "escape"
leads one to highly pleasurable
but solipsistic intellectual mas
turbation, or whether it leads
to a confrontation with reality
on excitingly different terms.
Eiscape Into Aesthetics: The Art
of Vladimir Nabokov, Page
Stegner, (Dial Press) $4.60.
The sole test of any critical
study must be the degree to

which it enhances the reader's
experience of the text to which
it refers.
Stegner attempts to discuss
Nabokov's background, his mag
ical technique, and his relation

to other modern novelists—this
in the first sixty pages. He gen
erously allots the remaining
seventy-five pages of text to a
discussion of Nabokov's five
novels written in English.
The book is far too small for
Stegner's proclaimed purpose:
"the first full-length critical
study of Nabokov's art and of
the manipulating consciousness
behind it."
Enthusiasts have awaited im
patiently such a study; like Kin
bote, they must await "a bigger,
more respectable, more compe
tent Gradus." Escape Into Aes
thetics is neither an exhaustive
nor a provocative study. The
book has been published prema
turely and suffers from Steg
ner's extraordinary concern for
N a bo k o v-the-crltic. Hold ing
Mark Twain's shotgun, Nabokov
attempts to write the critic
proof novel. Stegner unfor
tunately accepts the role of
parasite-to-Nabokov; the critic
should no more write to please
his host-author than should the
novelist write to please his
critics.
Stegner describes and at times
documents what he calls the
"marvelous" in Nabokov's fic
tion—the sheer force of Nabo
kov's manipulative and linguis
tic abilities. His discussion of
Nabokov's use of shifting narra
tive perspective is a bright point
in the book.
Stegner's problem stems di
rectly from his refusal to con
front the titular concern of his
book: Nabokov's escape into aes
thetics. His discussion of Nabo
kov's aesthetics is descriDtive
rather than analytical. He never
decides whether the "escape"
leads one to highly pleasurable
but solipsistic intellectual mas
turbation, or whether it leads
to a confrontation with reality
on excitingly different terms.
Eiscape Into Aesthetics: The Art
of Vladimir Nabokov, Page
Stegner, (Dial Press) $4.60.
The sole test of any critical
study must be the degree to

which it enhances the reader's
experience of the text to which
it refers.
Stegner attempts to discuss
Nabokov's background, his mag
ical technique, and his relation

to other modern novelists—this
in the first sixty pages. He gen
erously allots the remaining
seventy-five pages of text to a
discussion of Nabokov's five
novels written in English.
The book is far too small for
Stegner's proclaimed purpose:
"the first full-length critical
study of Nabokov's art and of
the manipulating consciousness
behind it."
Enthusiasts have awaited im
patiently such a study; like Kin
bote, they must await "a bigger,
more respectable, more compe
tent Gradus." Escape Into Aes
thetics is neither an exhaustive
nor a provocative study. The
book has been published prema
turely and suffers from Steg
ner's extraordinary concern for
N a bo k o v-the-crltic. Hold ing
Mark Twain's shotgun, Nabokov
attempts to write the critic
proof novel. Stegner unfor
tunately accepts the role of
parasite-to-Nabokov; the critic
should no more write to please
his host-author than should the
novelist write to please his
critics.
Stegner describes and at times
documents what he calls the
"marvelous" in Nabokov's fic
tion—the sheer force of Nabo
kov's manipulative and linguis
tic abilities. His discussion of
Nabokov's use of shifting narra
tive perspective is a bright point
in the book.
Stegner's problem stems di
rectly from his refusal to con
front the titular concern of his
book: Nabokov's escape into aes
thetics. His discussion of Nabo
kov's aesthetics is descriDtive
rather than analytical. He never
decides whether the "escape"
leads one to highly pleasurable
but solipsistic intellectual mas
turbation, or whether it leads
to a confrontation with reality
on excitingly different terms.
Eiscape Into Aesthetics: The Art
of Vladimir Nabokov, Page
Stegner, (Dial Press) $4.60.
The sole test of any critical
study must be the degree to

which it enhances the reader's
experience of the text to which
it refers.
Stegner attempts to discuss
Nabokov's background, his mag
ical technique, and his relation

to other modern novelists—this
in the first sixty pages. He gen
erously allots the remaining
seventy-five pages of text to a
discussion of Nabokov's five
novels written in English.
The book is far too small for
Stegner's proclaimed purpose:
"the first full-length critical
study of Nabokov's art and of
the manipulating consciousness
behind it."
Enthusiasts have awaited im
patiently such a study; like Kin
bote, they must await "a bigger,
more respectable, more compe
tent Gradus." Escape Into Aes
thetics is neither an exhaustive
nor a provocative study. The
book has been published prema
turely and suffers from Steg
ner's extraordinary concern for
N a bo k o v-the-crltic. Hold ing
Mark Twain's shotgun, Nabokov
attempts to write the critic
proof novel. Stegner unfor
tunately accepts the role of
parasite-to-Nabokov; the critic
should no more write to please
his host-author than should the
novelist write to please his
critics.
Stegner describes and at times
documents what he calls the
"marvelous" in Nabokov's fic
tion—the sheer force of Nabo
kov's manipulative and linguis
tic abilities. His discussion of
Nabokov's use of shifting narra
tive perspective is a bright point
in the book.
Stegner's problem stems di
rectly from his refusal to con
front the titular concern of his
book: Nabokov's escape into aes
thetics. His discussion of Nabo
kov's aesthetics is descriDtive
rather than analytical. He never
decides whether the "escape"
leads one to highly pleasurable
but solipsistic intellectual mas
turbation, or whether it leads
to a confrontation with reality
on excitingly different terms.
Eiscape Into Aesthetics: The Art
of Vladimir Nabokov, Page
Stegner, (Dial Press) $4.60.
The sole test of any critical
study must be the degree to

which it enhances the reader's
experience of the text to which
it refers.
Stegner attempts to discuss
Nabokov's background, his mag
ical technique, and his relation

to other modern novelists—this
in the first sixty pages. He gen
erously allots the remaining
seventy-five pages of text to a
discussion of Nabokov's five
novels written in English.
The book is far too small for
Stegner's proclaimed purpose:
"the first full-length critical
study of Nabokov's art and of
the manipulating consciousness
behind it."
Enthusiasts have awaited im
patiently such a study; like Kin
bote, they must await "a bigger,
more respectable, more compe
tent Gradus." Escape Into Aes
thetics is neither an exhaustive
nor a provocative study. The
book has been published prema
turely and suffers from Steg
ner's extraordinary concern for
N a bo k o v-the-crltic. Hold ing
Mark Twain's shotgun, Nabokov
attempts to write the critic
proof novel. Stegner unfor
tunately accepts the role of
parasite-to-Nabokov; the critic
should no more write to please
his host-author than should the
novelist write to please his
critics.
Stegner describes and at times
documents what he calls the
"marvelous" in Nabokov's fic
tion—the sheer force of Nabo
kov's manipulative and linguis
tic abilities. His discussion of
Nabokov's use of shifting narra
tive perspective is a bright point
in the book.
Stegner's problem stems di
rectly from his refusal to con
front the titular concern of his
book: Nabokov's escape into aes
thetics. His discussion of Nabo
kov's aesthetics is descriDtive
rather than analytical. He never
decides whether the "escape"
leads one to highly pleasurable
but solipsistic intellectual mas
turbation, or whether it leads
to a confrontation with reality
on excitingly different terms.
Eiscape Into Aesthetics: The Art
of Vladimir Nabokov, Page
Stegner, (Dial Press) $4.60.
The sole test of any critical
study must be the degree to

which it enhances the reader's
experience of the text to which
it refers.
Stegner attempts to discuss
Nabokov's background, his mag
ical technique, and his relation

to other modern novelists—this
in the first sixty pages. He gen
erously allots the remaining
seventy-five pages of text to a
discussion of Nabokov's five
novels written in English.
The book is far too small for
Stegner's proclaimed purpose:
"the first full-length critical
study of Nabokov's art and of
the manipulating consciousness
behind it."
Enthusiasts have awaited im
patiently such a study; like Kin
bote, they must await "a bigger,
more respectable, more compe
tent Gradus." Escape Into Aes
thetics is neither an exhaustive
nor a provocative study. The
book has been published prema
turely and suffers from Steg
ner's extraordinary concern for
N a bo k o v-the-crltic. Hold ing
Mark Twain's shotgun, Nabokov
attempts to write the critic
proof novel. Stegner unfor
tunately accepts the role of
parasite-to-Nabokov; the critic
should no more write to please
his host-author than should the
novelist write to please his
critics.
Stegner describes and at times
documents what he calls the
"marvelous" in Nabokov's fic
tion—the sheer force of Nabo
kov's manipulative and linguis
tic abilities. His discussion of
Nabokov's use of shifting narra
tive perspective is a bright point
in the book.
Stegner's problem stems di
rectly from his refusal to con
front the titular concern of his
book: Nabokov's escape into aes
thetics. His discussion of Nabo
kov's aesthetics is descriDtive
rather than analytical. He never
decides whether the "escape"
leads one to highly pleasurable
but solipsistic intellectual mas
turbation, or whether it leads
to a confrontation with reality
on excitingly different terms.
Eiscape Into Aesthetics: The Art
of Vladimir Nabokov, Page
Stegner, (Dial Press) $4.60.
The sole test of any critical
study must be the degree to

which it enhances the reader's
experience of the text to which
it refers.
Stegner attempts to discuss
Nabokov's background, his mag
ical technique, and his relation

to other modern novelists—this
in the first sixty pages. He gen
erously allots the remaining
seventy-five pages of text to a
discussion of Nabokov's five
novels written in English.
The book is far too small for
Stegner's proclaimed purpose:
"the first full-length critical
study of Nabokov's art and of
the manipulating consciousness
behind it."
Enthusiasts have awaited im
patiently such a study; like Kin
bote, they must await "a bigger,
more respectable, more compe
tent Gradus." Escape Into Aes
thetics is neither an exhaustive
nor a provocative study. The
book has been published prema
turely and suffers from Steg
ner's extraordinary concern for
N a bo k o v-the-crltic. Hold ing
Mark Twain's shotgun, Nabokov
attempts to write the critic
proof novel. Stegner unfor
tunately accepts the role of
parasite-to-Nabokov; the critic
should no more write to please
his host-author than should the
novelist write to please his
critics.
Stegner describes and at times
documents what he calls the
"marvelous" in Nabokov's fic
tion—the sheer force of Nabo
kov's manipulative and linguis
tic abilities. His discussion of
Nabokov's use of shifting narra
tive perspective is a bright point
in the book.
Stegner's problem stems di
rectly from his refusal to con
front the titular concern of his
book: Nabokov's escape into aes
thetics. His discussion of Nabo
kov's aesthetics is descriDtive
rather than analytical. He never
decides whether the "escape"
leads one to highly pleasurable
but solipsistic intellectual mas
turbation, or whether it leads
to a confrontation with reality
on excitingly different terms.
