# O'Faolain: 'Novels Involve A Trial Of The Header'
## 
### 
The trial of the goodness or bad
ness of a novel by the pleasure it
gives involves a trial of the reader,
not just the author, concluded Irish
author Sean O'Faolain in Dinkel
spiel Tuesday evening.
O'Faolain, a versatile writer, is best
known for his short stories. His
speech, "The Novel- Trial by Plea
sure," explored the possibility of as
sessing the quality of a novel by mea
suring the quality of the pleasure it
gives us.
Exploring
"The novel explores us; it illumi
nates the world to us and us to our
selves." O'Faolain explained that
pleasure is "locked up in a novel for
anyone wishing to extract it, but
convention, prejudice, and other fac
tors often prevent this extraction.
Each person sees every "new ex
perience, reads every new book

through a filter, make up of his psy
chological opinions, prejudices, judg
ments, and values. This filter causes
him not to see certain parts of what
he is looking at.
"We can't obliterate the self," O'-
Faolain said. "All we can do whe l we
are having an aesthetic experience is
say 'I am at fault.' Every book we
road is an assessment of ourselves."
Therefore, a man must "know him
self" to be able to enjoy books.
Pleasures
O'Faolain mentioned that there are
many pleasures of fiction. He named
some of them, including the pleasures
of scheherazade, or storytelling,
wanting to know "what happened
next?"
He also listed the pleasures of iden
tification with characters and moral
self recognition (pleasure of the mir
ror). It is flattering to the novel if

it produces the pleasure of shock
within its reader. The pleasure of or
der is that of the reader's emotional
disintegration in a shocking novel,
followed by emotional regeneration.
Literature also can give intellectual
and escapist pleasures.
M^surod
O'Faolain amused the audience by
saying that pleasures can't be mathe
matically measured and that you can't
say whether a novel is good or bad
because there is no institute in Wash
ington to classify it as such or no
litmus paper to judge its quality.
There are various types of fiction
and pleasure. Some are authors of
social interest, who give the whole
picture of society, moralists, interpre
ters, who are philosophical and high
ly personal observers, and authors,
such lis Hemingway, who stand apart
from society and express themselves.
