# Pictures of India To Be Presented
## 
### 
Motion pictures of India—showing
life problems—will be shown today
in Room 320, Geology Building,
from 2:15 to 4 p.m.
Motion pictures of India—showing
life problems—will be shown today
in Room 320, Geology Building,
from 2:15 to 4 p.m.
Motion pictures of India—showing
life problems—will be shown today
in Room 320, Geology Building,
from 2:15 to 4 p.m.
Motion pictures of India—showing
life problems—will be shown today
in Room 320, Geology Building,
from 2:15 to 4 p.m.
Motion pictures of India—showing
life problems—will be shown today
in Room 320, Geology Building,
from 2:15 to 4 p.m.
Motion pictures of India—showing
life problems—will be shown today
in Room 320, Geology Building,
from 2:15 to 4 p.m.
Motion pictures of India—showing
life problems—will be shown today
in Room 320, Geology Building,
from 2:15 to 4 p.m.
Motion pictures of India—showing
life problems—will be shown today
in Room 320, Geology Building,
from 2:15 to 4 p.m.
Motion pictures of India—showing
life problems—will be shown today
in Room 320, Geology Building,
from 2:15 to 4 p.m.
Motion pictures of India—showing
life problems—will be shown today
in Room 320, Geology Building,
from 2:15 to 4 p.m.
Motion pictures of India—showing
life problems—will be shown today
in Room 320, Geology Building,
from 2:15 to 4 p.m.
Motion pictures of India—showing
life problems—will be shown today
in Room 320, Geology Building,
from 2:15 to 4 p.m.
Motion pictures of India—showing
life problems—will be shown today
in Room 320, Geology Building,
from 2:15 to 4 p.m.
Motion pictures of India—showing
life problems—will be shown today
in Room 320, Geology Building,
from 2:15 to 4 p.m.
Motion pictures of India—showing
life problems—will be shown today
in Room 320, Geology Building,
from 2:15 to 4 p.m.
Motion pictures of India—showing
life problems—will be shown today
in Room 320, Geology Building,
from 2:15 to 4 p.m.
