# kURUSU ENTERS WHITE HOUSE
## 
### 

(Acmr 'icleplioto)
SABURU KUIIUSU, right, special Japanese envoy who flew across the
Pacific to seek an adjustment lx-tween U.S.-Japan relations, arrives
at the White House for a conference with President Roosvelt. With
him are Ambassador Kichisahuro Nomura, left, and Secretary of State
Cordell Hull.

(Acmr 'icleplioto)
SABURU KUIIUSU, right, special Japanese envoy who flew across the
Pacific to seek an adjustment lx-tween U.S.-Japan relations, arrives
at the White House for a conference with President Roosvelt. With
him are Ambassador Kichisahuro Nomura, left, and Secretary of State
Cordell Hull.

(Acmr 'icleplioto)
SABURU KUIIUSU, right, special Japanese envoy who flew across the
Pacific to seek an adjustment lx-tween U.S.-Japan relations, arrives
at the White House for a conference with President Roosvelt. With
him are Ambassador Kichisahuro Nomura, left, and Secretary of State
Cordell Hull.

(Acmr 'icleplioto)
SABURU KUIIUSU, right, special Japanese envoy who flew across the
Pacific to seek an adjustment lx-tween U.S.-Japan relations, arrives
at the White House for a conference with President Roosvelt. With
him are Ambassador Kichisahuro Nomura, left, and Secretary of State
Cordell Hull.

(Acmr 'icleplioto)
SABURU KUIIUSU, right, special Japanese envoy who flew across the
Pacific to seek an adjustment lx-tween U.S.-Japan relations, arrives
at the White House for a conference with President Roosvelt. With
him are Ambassador Kichisahuro Nomura, left, and Secretary of State
Cordell Hull.

(Acmr 'icleplioto)
SABURU KUIIUSU, right, special Japanese envoy who flew across the
Pacific to seek an adjustment lx-tween U.S.-Japan relations, arrives
at the White House for a conference with President Roosvelt. With
him are Ambassador Kichisahuro Nomura, left, and Secretary of State
Cordell Hull.

(Acmr 'icleplioto)
SABURU KUIIUSU, right, special Japanese envoy who flew across the
Pacific to seek an adjustment lx-tween U.S.-Japan relations, arrives
at the White House for a conference with President Roosvelt. With
him are Ambassador Kichisahuro Nomura, left, and Secretary of State
Cordell Hull.

(Acmr 'icleplioto)
SABURU KUIIUSU, right, special Japanese envoy who flew across the
Pacific to seek an adjustment lx-tween U.S.-Japan relations, arrives
at the White House for a conference with President Roosvelt. With
him are Ambassador Kichisahuro Nomura, left, and Secretary of State
Cordell Hull.

(Acmr 'icleplioto)
SABURU KUIIUSU, right, special Japanese envoy who flew across the
Pacific to seek an adjustment lx-tween U.S.-Japan relations, arrives
at the White House for a conference with President Roosvelt. With
him are Ambassador Kichisahuro Nomura, left, and Secretary of State
Cordell Hull.

(Acmr 'icleplioto)
SABURU KUIIUSU, right, special Japanese envoy who flew across the
Pacific to seek an adjustment lx-tween U.S.-Japan relations, arrives
at the White House for a conference with President Roosvelt. With
him are Ambassador Kichisahuro Nomura, left, and Secretary of State
Cordell Hull.

(Acmr 'icleplioto)
SABURU KUIIUSU, right, special Japanese envoy who flew across the
Pacific to seek an adjustment lx-tween U.S.-Japan relations, arrives
at the White House for a conference with President Roosvelt. With
him are Ambassador Kichisahuro Nomura, left, and Secretary of State
Cordell Hull.

(Acmr 'icleplioto)
SABURU KUIIUSU, right, special Japanese envoy who flew across the
Pacific to seek an adjustment lx-tween U.S.-Japan relations, arrives
at the White House for a conference with President Roosvelt. With
him are Ambassador Kichisahuro Nomura, left, and Secretary of State
Cordell Hull.

(Acmr 'icleplioto)
SABURU KUIIUSU, right, special Japanese envoy who flew across the
Pacific to seek an adjustment lx-tween U.S.-Japan relations, arrives
at the White House for a conference with President Roosvelt. With
him are Ambassador Kichisahuro Nomura, left, and Secretary of State
Cordell Hull.

(Acmr 'icleplioto)
SABURU KUIIUSU, right, special Japanese envoy who flew across the
Pacific to seek an adjustment lx-tween U.S.-Japan relations, arrives
at the White House for a conference with President Roosvelt. With
him are Ambassador Kichisahuro Nomura, left, and Secretary of State
Cordell Hull.

(Acmr 'icleplioto)
SABURU KUIIUSU, right, special Japanese envoy who flew across the
Pacific to seek an adjustment lx-tween U.S.-Japan relations, arrives
at the White House for a conference with President Roosvelt. With
him are Ambassador Kichisahuro Nomura, left, and Secretary of State
Cordell Hull.

(Acmr 'icleplioto)
SABURU KUIIUSU, right, special Japanese envoy who flew across the
Pacific to seek an adjustment lx-tween U.S.-Japan relations, arrives
at the White House for a conference with President Roosvelt. With
him are Ambassador Kichisahuro Nomura, left, and Secretary of State
Cordell Hull.

(Acmr 'icleplioto)
SABURU KUIIUSU, right, special Japanese envoy who flew across the
Pacific to seek an adjustment lx-tween U.S.-Japan relations, arrives
at the White House for a conference with President Roosvelt. With
him are Ambassador Kichisahuro Nomura, left, and Secretary of State
Cordell Hull.

(Acmr 'icleplioto)
SABURU KUIIUSU, right, special Japanese envoy who flew across the
Pacific to seek an adjustment lx-tween U.S.-Japan relations, arrives
at the White House for a conference with President Roosvelt. With
him are Ambassador Kichisahuro Nomura, left, and Secretary of State
Cordell Hull.
