# Oregon Injuries Worry Tex Oliver
## 
### 
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 18 (UP). —
Injuries today worried Coach Tex
Oliver as the University of Oregon
prepared for its football game Sat
urday in Seattle against Washing
ton.
Oliver said six regulars probably
would be out of the Huskies' clash.
Halfback Frank Boyd, who has seen
little action this season, was re
injured in the Santa Clara game and
was not expected to play any more
this season.

A Kansas farmer raises corn es
pecially for pipe-making.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 18 (UP). —
Injuries today worried Coach Tex
Oliver as the University of Oregon
prepared for its football game Sat
urday in Seattle against Washing
ton.
Oliver said six regulars probably
would be out of the Huskies' clash.
Halfback Frank Boyd, who has seen
little action this season, was re
injured in the Santa Clara game and
was not expected to play any more
this season.

A Kansas farmer raises corn es
pecially for pipe-making.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 18 (UP). —
Injuries today worried Coach Tex
Oliver as the University of Oregon
prepared for its football game Sat
urday in Seattle against Washing
ton.
Oliver said six regulars probably
would be out of the Huskies' clash.
Halfback Frank Boyd, who has seen
little action this season, was re
injured in the Santa Clara game and
was not expected to play any more
this season.

A Kansas farmer raises corn es
pecially for pipe-making.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 18 (UP). —
Injuries today worried Coach Tex
Oliver as the University of Oregon
prepared for its football game Sat
urday in Seattle against Washing
ton.
Oliver said six regulars probably
would be out of the Huskies' clash.
Halfback Frank Boyd, who has seen
little action this season, was re
injured in the Santa Clara game and
was not expected to play any more
this season.

A Kansas farmer raises corn es
pecially for pipe-making.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 18 (UP). —
Injuries today worried Coach Tex
Oliver as the University of Oregon
prepared for its football game Sat
urday in Seattle against Washing
ton.
Oliver said six regulars probably
would be out of the Huskies' clash.
Halfback Frank Boyd, who has seen
little action this season, was re
injured in the Santa Clara game and
was not expected to play any more
this season.

A Kansas farmer raises corn es
pecially for pipe-making.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 18 (UP). —
Injuries today worried Coach Tex
Oliver as the University of Oregon
prepared for its football game Sat
urday in Seattle against Washing
ton.
Oliver said six regulars probably
would be out of the Huskies' clash.
Halfback Frank Boyd, who has seen
little action this season, was re
injured in the Santa Clara game and
was not expected to play any more
this season.

A Kansas farmer raises corn es
pecially for pipe-making.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 18 (UP). —
Injuries today worried Coach Tex
Oliver as the University of Oregon
prepared for its football game Sat
urday in Seattle against Washing
ton.
Oliver said six regulars probably
would be out of the Huskies' clash.
Halfback Frank Boyd, who has seen
little action this season, was re
injured in the Santa Clara game and
was not expected to play any more
this season.

A Kansas farmer raises corn es
pecially for pipe-making.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 18 (UP). —
Injuries today worried Coach Tex
Oliver as the University of Oregon
prepared for its football game Sat
urday in Seattle against Washing
ton.
Oliver said six regulars probably
would be out of the Huskies' clash.
Halfback Frank Boyd, who has seen
little action this season, was re
injured in the Santa Clara game and
was not expected to play any more
this season.

A Kansas farmer raises corn es
pecially for pipe-making.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 18 (UP). —
Injuries today worried Coach Tex
Oliver as the University of Oregon
prepared for its football game Sat
urday in Seattle against Washing
ton.
Oliver said six regulars probably
would be out of the Huskies' clash.
Halfback Frank Boyd, who has seen
little action this season, was re
injured in the Santa Clara game and
was not expected to play any more
this season.

A Kansas farmer raises corn es
pecially for pipe-making.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 18 (UP). —
Injuries today worried Coach Tex
Oliver as the University of Oregon
prepared for its football game Sat
urday in Seattle against Washing
ton.
Oliver said six regulars probably
would be out of the Huskies' clash.
Halfback Frank Boyd, who has seen
little action this season, was re
injured in the Santa Clara game and
was not expected to play any more
this season.

A Kansas farmer raises corn es
pecially for pipe-making.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 18 (UP). —
Injuries today worried Coach Tex
Oliver as the University of Oregon
prepared for its football game Sat
urday in Seattle against Washing
ton.
Oliver said six regulars probably
would be out of the Huskies' clash.
Halfback Frank Boyd, who has seen
little action this season, was re
injured in the Santa Clara game and
was not expected to play any more
this season.

A Kansas farmer raises corn es
pecially for pipe-making.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 18 (UP). —
Injuries today worried Coach Tex
Oliver as the University of Oregon
prepared for its football game Sat
urday in Seattle against Washing
ton.
Oliver said six regulars probably
would be out of the Huskies' clash.
Halfback Frank Boyd, who has seen
little action this season, was re
injured in the Santa Clara game and
was not expected to play any more
this season.

A Kansas farmer raises corn es
pecially for pipe-making.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 18 (UP). —
Injuries today worried Coach Tex
Oliver as the University of Oregon
prepared for its football game Sat
urday in Seattle against Washing
ton.
Oliver said six regulars probably
would be out of the Huskies' clash.
Halfback Frank Boyd, who has seen
little action this season, was re
injured in the Santa Clara game and
was not expected to play any more
this season.

A Kansas farmer raises corn es
pecially for pipe-making.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 18 (UP). —
Injuries today worried Coach Tex
Oliver as the University of Oregon
prepared for its football game Sat
urday in Seattle against Washing
ton.
Oliver said six regulars probably
would be out of the Huskies' clash.
Halfback Frank Boyd, who has seen
little action this season, was re
injured in the Santa Clara game and
was not expected to play any more
this season.

A Kansas farmer raises corn es
pecially for pipe-making.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 18 (UP). —
Injuries today worried Coach Tex
Oliver as the University of Oregon
prepared for its football game Sat
urday in Seattle against Washing
ton.
Oliver said six regulars probably
would be out of the Huskies' clash.
Halfback Frank Boyd, who has seen
little action this season, was re
injured in the Santa Clara game and
was not expected to play any more
this season.

A Kansas farmer raises corn es
pecially for pipe-making.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 18 (UP). —
Injuries today worried Coach Tex
Oliver as the University of Oregon
prepared for its football game Sat
urday in Seattle against Washing
ton.
Oliver said six regulars probably
would be out of the Huskies' clash.
Halfback Frank Boyd, who has seen
little action this season, was re
injured in the Santa Clara game and
was not expected to play any more
this season.

A Kansas farmer raises corn es
pecially for pipe-making.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 18 (UP). —
Injuries today worried Coach Tex
Oliver as the University of Oregon
prepared for its football game Sat
urday in Seattle against Washing
ton.
Oliver said six regulars probably
would be out of the Huskies' clash.
Halfback Frank Boyd, who has seen
little action this season, was re
injured in the Santa Clara game and
was not expected to play any more
this season.

A Kansas farmer raises corn es
pecially for pipe-making.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 18 (UP). —
Injuries today worried Coach Tex
Oliver as the University of Oregon
prepared for its football game Sat
urday in Seattle against Washing
ton.
Oliver said six regulars probably
would be out of the Huskies' clash.
Halfback Frank Boyd, who has seen
little action this season, was re
injured in the Santa Clara game and
was not expected to play any more
this season.

A Kansas farmer raises corn es
pecially for pipe-making.
