# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Senior Class will hold a
meeting tomorrow at 12:45 in
room 214. Matters of class
finances for the graduation exer
cises will be taken up and com
mittees for the present term will
he named there. President Taylor
is anxious to have everyone there
on time so that there may be a
representative majority to trans
art the business of the class.
The Senior Class will hold a
meeting tomorrow at 12:45 in
room 214. Matters of class
finances for the graduation exer
cises will be taken up and com
mittees for the present term will
he named there. President Taylor
is anxious to have everyone there
on time so that there may be a
representative majority to trans
art the business of the class.
The Senior Class will hold a
meeting tomorrow at 12:45 in
room 214. Matters of class
finances for the graduation exer
cises will be taken up and com
mittees for the present term will
he named there. President Taylor
is anxious to have everyone there
on time so that there may be a
representative majority to trans
art the business of the class.
The Senior Class will hold a
meeting tomorrow at 12:45 in
room 214. Matters of class
finances for the graduation exer
cises will be taken up and com
mittees for the present term will
he named there. President Taylor
is anxious to have everyone there
on time so that there may be a
representative majority to trans
art the business of the class.
The Senior Class will hold a
meeting tomorrow at 12:45 in
room 214. Matters of class
finances for the graduation exer
cises will be taken up and com
mittees for the present term will
he named there. President Taylor
is anxious to have everyone there
on time so that there may be a
representative majority to trans
art the business of the class.
The Senior Class will hold a
meeting tomorrow at 12:45 in
room 214. Matters of class
finances for the graduation exer
cises will be taken up and com
mittees for the present term will
he named there. President Taylor
is anxious to have everyone there
on time so that there may be a
representative majority to trans
art the business of the class.
The Senior Class will hold a
meeting tomorrow at 12:45 in
room 214. Matters of class
finances for the graduation exer
cises will be taken up and com
mittees for the present term will
he named there. President Taylor
is anxious to have everyone there
on time so that there may be a
representative majority to trans
art the business of the class.
The Senior Class will hold a
meeting tomorrow at 12:45 in
room 214. Matters of class
finances for the graduation exer
cises will be taken up and com
mittees for the present term will
he named there. President Taylor
is anxious to have everyone there
on time so that there may be a
representative majority to trans
art the business of the class.
The Senior Class will hold a
meeting tomorrow at 12:45 in
room 214. Matters of class
finances for the graduation exer
cises will be taken up and com
mittees for the present term will
he named there. President Taylor
is anxious to have everyone there
on time so that there may be a
representative majority to trans
art the business of the class.
The Senior Class will hold a
meeting tomorrow at 12:45 in
room 214. Matters of class
finances for the graduation exer
cises will be taken up and com
mittees for the present term will
he named there. President Taylor
is anxious to have everyone there
on time so that there may be a
representative majority to trans
art the business of the class.
The Senior Class will hold a
meeting tomorrow at 12:45 in
room 214. Matters of class
finances for the graduation exer
cises will be taken up and com
mittees for the present term will
he named there. President Taylor
is anxious to have everyone there
on time so that there may be a
representative majority to trans
art the business of the class.
The Senior Class will hold a
meeting tomorrow at 12:45 in
room 214. Matters of class
finances for the graduation exer
cises will be taken up and com
mittees for the present term will
he named there. President Taylor
is anxious to have everyone there
on time so that there may be a
representative majority to trans
art the business of the class.
The Senior Class will hold a
meeting tomorrow at 12:45 in
room 214. Matters of class
finances for the graduation exer
cises will be taken up and com
mittees for the present term will
he named there. President Taylor
is anxious to have everyone there
on time so that there may be a
representative majority to trans
art the business of the class.
The Senior Class will hold a
meeting tomorrow at 12:45 in
room 214. Matters of class
finances for the graduation exer
cises will be taken up and com
mittees for the present term will
he named there. President Taylor
is anxious to have everyone there
on time so that there may be a
representative majority to trans
art the business of the class.
