# NIGHT ASSEMBLIES ARE IN VOGUE AT WASHINGTON
## 
### 
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash.. March 1. (P.1.N.5.) —
Commencing about March Ist student
assemblies will be held at night. The
assemblies will start at 7 p.m., and
stunts, short skits, musical hits, and
other acts will be featured. The idea
of the night assemblies is for a good
time, in which school pep, loyalty and
interest will be paramount. The first
assembly will be in charge of the
senior class and from then on, in
charge of the other classes. Each
class will try for the best assembly.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash.. March 1. (P.1.N.5.) —
Commencing about March Ist student
assemblies will be held at night. The
assemblies will start at 7 p.m., and
stunts, short skits, musical hits, and
other acts will be featured. The idea
of the night assemblies is for a good
time, in which school pep, loyalty and
interest will be paramount. The first
assembly will be in charge of the
senior class and from then on, in
charge of the other classes. Each
class will try for the best assembly.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash.. March 1. (P.1.N.5.) —
Commencing about March Ist student
assemblies will be held at night. The
assemblies will start at 7 p.m., and
stunts, short skits, musical hits, and
other acts will be featured. The idea
of the night assemblies is for a good
time, in which school pep, loyalty and
interest will be paramount. The first
assembly will be in charge of the
senior class and from then on, in
charge of the other classes. Each
class will try for the best assembly.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash.. March 1. (P.1.N.5.) —
Commencing about March Ist student
assemblies will be held at night. The
assemblies will start at 7 p.m., and
stunts, short skits, musical hits, and
other acts will be featured. The idea
of the night assemblies is for a good
time, in which school pep, loyalty and
interest will be paramount. The first
assembly will be in charge of the
senior class and from then on, in
charge of the other classes. Each
class will try for the best assembly.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash.. March 1. (P.1.N.5.) —
Commencing about March Ist student
assemblies will be held at night. The
assemblies will start at 7 p.m., and
stunts, short skits, musical hits, and
other acts will be featured. The idea
of the night assemblies is for a good
time, in which school pep, loyalty and
interest will be paramount. The first
assembly will be in charge of the
senior class and from then on, in
charge of the other classes. Each
class will try for the best assembly.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash.. March 1. (P.1.N.5.) —
Commencing about March Ist student
assemblies will be held at night. The
assemblies will start at 7 p.m., and
stunts, short skits, musical hits, and
other acts will be featured. The idea
of the night assemblies is for a good
time, in which school pep, loyalty and
interest will be paramount. The first
assembly will be in charge of the
senior class and from then on, in
charge of the other classes. Each
class will try for the best assembly.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash.. March 1. (P.1.N.5.) —
Commencing about March Ist student
assemblies will be held at night. The
assemblies will start at 7 p.m., and
stunts, short skits, musical hits, and
other acts will be featured. The idea
of the night assemblies is for a good
time, in which school pep, loyalty and
interest will be paramount. The first
assembly will be in charge of the
senior class and from then on, in
charge of the other classes. Each
class will try for the best assembly.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash.. March 1. (P.1.N.5.) —
Commencing about March Ist student
assemblies will be held at night. The
assemblies will start at 7 p.m., and
stunts, short skits, musical hits, and
other acts will be featured. The idea
of the night assemblies is for a good
time, in which school pep, loyalty and
interest will be paramount. The first
assembly will be in charge of the
senior class and from then on, in
charge of the other classes. Each
class will try for the best assembly.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash.. March 1. (P.1.N.5.) —
Commencing about March Ist student
assemblies will be held at night. The
assemblies will start at 7 p.m., and
stunts, short skits, musical hits, and
other acts will be featured. The idea
of the night assemblies is for a good
time, in which school pep, loyalty and
interest will be paramount. The first
assembly will be in charge of the
senior class and from then on, in
charge of the other classes. Each
class will try for the best assembly.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash.. March 1. (P.1.N.5.) —
Commencing about March Ist student
assemblies will be held at night. The
assemblies will start at 7 p.m., and
stunts, short skits, musical hits, and
other acts will be featured. The idea
of the night assemblies is for a good
time, in which school pep, loyalty and
interest will be paramount. The first
assembly will be in charge of the
senior class and from then on, in
charge of the other classes. Each
class will try for the best assembly.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash.. March 1. (P.1.N.5.) —
Commencing about March Ist student
assemblies will be held at night. The
assemblies will start at 7 p.m., and
stunts, short skits, musical hits, and
other acts will be featured. The idea
of the night assemblies is for a good
time, in which school pep, loyalty and
interest will be paramount. The first
assembly will be in charge of the
senior class and from then on, in
charge of the other classes. Each
class will try for the best assembly.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash.. March 1. (P.1.N.5.) —
Commencing about March Ist student
assemblies will be held at night. The
assemblies will start at 7 p.m., and
stunts, short skits, musical hits, and
other acts will be featured. The idea
of the night assemblies is for a good
time, in which school pep, loyalty and
interest will be paramount. The first
assembly will be in charge of the
senior class and from then on, in
charge of the other classes. Each
class will try for the best assembly.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash.. March 1. (P.1.N.5.) —
Commencing about March Ist student
assemblies will be held at night. The
assemblies will start at 7 p.m., and
stunts, short skits, musical hits, and
other acts will be featured. The idea
of the night assemblies is for a good
time, in which school pep, loyalty and
interest will be paramount. The first
assembly will be in charge of the
senior class and from then on, in
charge of the other classes. Each
class will try for the best assembly.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash.. March 1. (P.1.N.5.) —
Commencing about March Ist student
assemblies will be held at night. The
assemblies will start at 7 p.m., and
stunts, short skits, musical hits, and
other acts will be featured. The idea
of the night assemblies is for a good
time, in which school pep, loyalty and
interest will be paramount. The first
assembly will be in charge of the
senior class and from then on, in
charge of the other classes. Each
class will try for the best assembly.
