# U. OF NEVADA ADOPTS WOLF HEAD AS OFFICIAL SYMBOL
## 
### 
The associated students of the Uni
versity of Nevada have unanimously
adopted a resolution designating the
wolf as the official symbol of all ath»
letic teams, and further providing for
(he title plate of the U. of N. Sage :
brush of 1923 and 1924, bearing a
wolf's head in the center remain un
changed as long as the Sagebrush is
the official student newspaper of the
university.
The associated students of the Uni
versity of Nevada have unanimously
adopted a resolution designating the
wolf as the official symbol of all ath»
letic teams, and further providing for
(he title plate of the U. of N. Sage :
brush of 1923 and 1924, bearing a
wolf's head in the center remain un
changed as long as the Sagebrush is
the official student newspaper of the
university.
The associated students of the Uni
versity of Nevada have unanimously
adopted a resolution designating the
wolf as the official symbol of all ath»
letic teams, and further providing for
(he title plate of the U. of N. Sage :
brush of 1923 and 1924, bearing a
wolf's head in the center remain un
changed as long as the Sagebrush is
the official student newspaper of the
university.
The associated students of the Uni
versity of Nevada have unanimously
adopted a resolution designating the
wolf as the official symbol of all ath»
letic teams, and further providing for
(he title plate of the U. of N. Sage :
brush of 1923 and 1924, bearing a
wolf's head in the center remain un
changed as long as the Sagebrush is
the official student newspaper of the
university.
The associated students of the Uni
versity of Nevada have unanimously
adopted a resolution designating the
wolf as the official symbol of all ath»
letic teams, and further providing for
(he title plate of the U. of N. Sage :
brush of 1923 and 1924, bearing a
wolf's head in the center remain un
changed as long as the Sagebrush is
the official student newspaper of the
university.
The associated students of the Uni
versity of Nevada have unanimously
adopted a resolution designating the
wolf as the official symbol of all ath»
letic teams, and further providing for
(he title plate of the U. of N. Sage :
brush of 1923 and 1924, bearing a
wolf's head in the center remain un
changed as long as the Sagebrush is
the official student newspaper of the
university.
The associated students of the Uni
versity of Nevada have unanimously
adopted a resolution designating the
wolf as the official symbol of all ath»
letic teams, and further providing for
(he title plate of the U. of N. Sage :
brush of 1923 and 1924, bearing a
wolf's head in the center remain un
changed as long as the Sagebrush is
the official student newspaper of the
university.
The associated students of the Uni
versity of Nevada have unanimously
adopted a resolution designating the
wolf as the official symbol of all ath»
letic teams, and further providing for
(he title plate of the U. of N. Sage :
brush of 1923 and 1924, bearing a
wolf's head in the center remain un
changed as long as the Sagebrush is
the official student newspaper of the
university.
The associated students of the Uni
versity of Nevada have unanimously
adopted a resolution designating the
wolf as the official symbol of all ath»
letic teams, and further providing for
(he title plate of the U. of N. Sage :
brush of 1923 and 1924, bearing a
wolf's head in the center remain un
changed as long as the Sagebrush is
the official student newspaper of the
university.
The associated students of the Uni
versity of Nevada have unanimously
adopted a resolution designating the
wolf as the official symbol of all ath»
letic teams, and further providing for
(he title plate of the U. of N. Sage :
brush of 1923 and 1924, bearing a
wolf's head in the center remain un
changed as long as the Sagebrush is
the official student newspaper of the
university.
The associated students of the Uni
versity of Nevada have unanimously
adopted a resolution designating the
wolf as the official symbol of all ath»
letic teams, and further providing for
(he title plate of the U. of N. Sage :
brush of 1923 and 1924, bearing a
wolf's head in the center remain un
changed as long as the Sagebrush is
the official student newspaper of the
university.
The associated students of the Uni
versity of Nevada have unanimously
adopted a resolution designating the
wolf as the official symbol of all ath»
letic teams, and further providing for
(he title plate of the U. of N. Sage :
brush of 1923 and 1924, bearing a
wolf's head in the center remain un
changed as long as the Sagebrush is
the official student newspaper of the
university.
The associated students of the Uni
versity of Nevada have unanimously
adopted a resolution designating the
wolf as the official symbol of all ath»
letic teams, and further providing for
(he title plate of the U. of N. Sage :
brush of 1923 and 1924, bearing a
wolf's head in the center remain un
changed as long as the Sagebrush is
the official student newspaper of the
university.
The associated students of the Uni
versity of Nevada have unanimously
adopted a resolution designating the
wolf as the official symbol of all ath»
letic teams, and further providing for
(he title plate of the U. of N. Sage :
brush of 1923 and 1924, bearing a
wolf's head in the center remain un
changed as long as the Sagebrush is
the official student newspaper of the
university.
The associated students of the Uni
versity of Nevada have unanimously
adopted a resolution designating the
wolf as the official symbol of all ath»
letic teams, and further providing for
(he title plate of the U. of N. Sage :
brush of 1923 and 1924, bearing a
wolf's head in the center remain un
changed as long as the Sagebrush is
the official student newspaper of the
university.
