# Engineering Prof Embarks Sunday On Oriental Tour
## 
### 
Karl .It, Spangenberg, professor
of electrical engineering and asso
ciate director of the Stanford
Electronics Laboratories, will
leave Oct. G on a month-long tour
of Japan at the invitation of three
Japanese professional societies.
His itinerary will include lec
tures at engineering schools in
Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya and Toho
ku, talks to professional groups,
a lecture to the general public in
Tokyo and an interview over the
Japan Broadcasting Corp.
Spangenberg will speak about
electronics developments in the
United States, with emphasis on
research in the San Francisco Bay
Area and at Stanford. I lis book
on vacuum tubes is required read
ing for advanced electrical engi
neering students in Japan.
Karl .It, Spangenberg, professor
of electrical engineering and asso
ciate director of the Stanford
Electronics Laboratories, will
leave Oct. G on a month-long tour
of Japan at the invitation of three
Japanese professional societies.
His itinerary will include lec
tures at engineering schools in
Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya and Toho
ku, talks to professional groups,
a lecture to the general public in
Tokyo and an interview over the
Japan Broadcasting Corp.
Spangenberg will speak about
electronics developments in the
United States, with emphasis on
research in the San Francisco Bay
Area and at Stanford. I lis book
on vacuum tubes is required read
ing for advanced electrical engi
neering students in Japan.
Karl .It, Spangenberg, professor
of electrical engineering and asso
ciate director of the Stanford
Electronics Laboratories, will
leave Oct. G on a month-long tour
of Japan at the invitation of three
Japanese professional societies.
His itinerary will include lec
tures at engineering schools in
Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya and Toho
ku, talks to professional groups,
a lecture to the general public in
Tokyo and an interview over the
Japan Broadcasting Corp.
Spangenberg will speak about
electronics developments in the
United States, with emphasis on
research in the San Francisco Bay
Area and at Stanford. I lis book
on vacuum tubes is required read
ing for advanced electrical engi
neering students in Japan.
Karl .It, Spangenberg, professor
of electrical engineering and asso
ciate director of the Stanford
Electronics Laboratories, will
leave Oct. G on a month-long tour
of Japan at the invitation of three
Japanese professional societies.
His itinerary will include lec
tures at engineering schools in
Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya and Toho
ku, talks to professional groups,
a lecture to the general public in
Tokyo and an interview over the
Japan Broadcasting Corp.
Spangenberg will speak about
electronics developments in the
United States, with emphasis on
research in the San Francisco Bay
Area and at Stanford. I lis book
on vacuum tubes is required read
ing for advanced electrical engi
neering students in Japan.
Karl .It, Spangenberg, professor
of electrical engineering and asso
ciate director of the Stanford
Electronics Laboratories, will
leave Oct. G on a month-long tour
of Japan at the invitation of three
Japanese professional societies.
His itinerary will include lec
tures at engineering schools in
Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya and Toho
ku, talks to professional groups,
a lecture to the general public in
Tokyo and an interview over the
Japan Broadcasting Corp.
Spangenberg will speak about
electronics developments in the
United States, with emphasis on
research in the San Francisco Bay
Area and at Stanford. I lis book
on vacuum tubes is required read
ing for advanced electrical engi
neering students in Japan.
Karl .It, Spangenberg, professor
of electrical engineering and asso
ciate director of the Stanford
Electronics Laboratories, will
leave Oct. G on a month-long tour
of Japan at the invitation of three
Japanese professional societies.
His itinerary will include lec
tures at engineering schools in
Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya and Toho
ku, talks to professional groups,
a lecture to the general public in
Tokyo and an interview over the
Japan Broadcasting Corp.
Spangenberg will speak about
electronics developments in the
United States, with emphasis on
research in the San Francisco Bay
Area and at Stanford. I lis book
on vacuum tubes is required read
ing for advanced electrical engi
neering students in Japan.
Karl .It, Spangenberg, professor
of electrical engineering and asso
ciate director of the Stanford
Electronics Laboratories, will
leave Oct. G on a month-long tour
of Japan at the invitation of three
Japanese professional societies.
His itinerary will include lec
tures at engineering schools in
Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya and Toho
ku, talks to professional groups,
a lecture to the general public in
Tokyo and an interview over the
Japan Broadcasting Corp.
Spangenberg will speak about
electronics developments in the
United States, with emphasis on
research in the San Francisco Bay
Area and at Stanford. I lis book
on vacuum tubes is required read
ing for advanced electrical engi
neering students in Japan.
Karl .It, Spangenberg, professor
of electrical engineering and asso
ciate director of the Stanford
Electronics Laboratories, will
leave Oct. G on a month-long tour
of Japan at the invitation of three
Japanese professional societies.
His itinerary will include lec
tures at engineering schools in
Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya and Toho
ku, talks to professional groups,
a lecture to the general public in
Tokyo and an interview over the
Japan Broadcasting Corp.
Spangenberg will speak about
electronics developments in the
United States, with emphasis on
research in the San Francisco Bay
Area and at Stanford. I lis book
on vacuum tubes is required read
ing for advanced electrical engi
neering students in Japan.
Karl .It, Spangenberg, professor
of electrical engineering and asso
ciate director of the Stanford
Electronics Laboratories, will
leave Oct. G on a month-long tour
of Japan at the invitation of three
Japanese professional societies.
His itinerary will include lec
tures at engineering schools in
Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya and Toho
ku, talks to professional groups,
a lecture to the general public in
Tokyo and an interview over the
Japan Broadcasting Corp.
Spangenberg will speak about
electronics developments in the
United States, with emphasis on
research in the San Francisco Bay
Area and at Stanford. I lis book
on vacuum tubes is required read
ing for advanced electrical engi
neering students in Japan.
Karl .It, Spangenberg, professor
of electrical engineering and asso
ciate director of the Stanford
Electronics Laboratories, will
leave Oct. G on a month-long tour
of Japan at the invitation of three
Japanese professional societies.
His itinerary will include lec
tures at engineering schools in
Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya and Toho
ku, talks to professional groups,
a lecture to the general public in
Tokyo and an interview over the
Japan Broadcasting Corp.
Spangenberg will speak about
electronics developments in the
United States, with emphasis on
research in the San Francisco Bay
Area and at Stanford. I lis book
on vacuum tubes is required read
ing for advanced electrical engi
neering students in Japan.
Karl .It, Spangenberg, professor
of electrical engineering and asso
ciate director of the Stanford
Electronics Laboratories, will
leave Oct. G on a month-long tour
of Japan at the invitation of three
Japanese professional societies.
His itinerary will include lec
tures at engineering schools in
Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya and Toho
ku, talks to professional groups,
a lecture to the general public in
Tokyo and an interview over the
Japan Broadcasting Corp.
Spangenberg will speak about
electronics developments in the
United States, with emphasis on
research in the San Francisco Bay
Area and at Stanford. I lis book
on vacuum tubes is required read
ing for advanced electrical engi
neering students in Japan.
Karl .It, Spangenberg, professor
of electrical engineering and asso
ciate director of the Stanford
Electronics Laboratories, will
leave Oct. G on a month-long tour
of Japan at the invitation of three
Japanese professional societies.
His itinerary will include lec
tures at engineering schools in
Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya and Toho
ku, talks to professional groups,
a lecture to the general public in
Tokyo and an interview over the
Japan Broadcasting Corp.
Spangenberg will speak about
electronics developments in the
United States, with emphasis on
research in the San Francisco Bay
Area and at Stanford. I lis book
on vacuum tubes is required read
ing for advanced electrical engi
neering students in Japan.
Karl .It, Spangenberg, professor
of electrical engineering and asso
ciate director of the Stanford
Electronics Laboratories, will
leave Oct. G on a month-long tour
of Japan at the invitation of three
Japanese professional societies.
His itinerary will include lec
tures at engineering schools in
Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya and Toho
ku, talks to professional groups,
a lecture to the general public in
Tokyo and an interview over the
Japan Broadcasting Corp.
Spangenberg will speak about
electronics developments in the
United States, with emphasis on
research in the San Francisco Bay
Area and at Stanford. I lis book
on vacuum tubes is required read
ing for advanced electrical engi
neering students in Japan.
Karl .It, Spangenberg, professor
of electrical engineering and asso
ciate director of the Stanford
Electronics Laboratories, will
leave Oct. G on a month-long tour
of Japan at the invitation of three
Japanese professional societies.
His itinerary will include lec
tures at engineering schools in
Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya and Toho
ku, talks to professional groups,
a lecture to the general public in
Tokyo and an interview over the
Japan Broadcasting Corp.
Spangenberg will speak about
electronics developments in the
United States, with emphasis on
research in the San Francisco Bay
Area and at Stanford. I lis book
on vacuum tubes is required read
ing for advanced electrical engi
neering students in Japan.
Karl .It, Spangenberg, professor
of electrical engineering and asso
ciate director of the Stanford
Electronics Laboratories, will
leave Oct. G on a month-long tour
of Japan at the invitation of three
Japanese professional societies.
His itinerary will include lec
tures at engineering schools in
Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya and Toho
ku, talks to professional groups,
a lecture to the general public in
Tokyo and an interview over the
Japan Broadcasting Corp.
Spangenberg will speak about
electronics developments in the
United States, with emphasis on
research in the San Francisco Bay
Area and at Stanford. I lis book
on vacuum tubes is required read
ing for advanced electrical engi
neering students in Japan.
Karl .It, Spangenberg, professor
of electrical engineering and asso
ciate director of the Stanford
Electronics Laboratories, will
leave Oct. G on a month-long tour
of Japan at the invitation of three
Japanese professional societies.
His itinerary will include lec
tures at engineering schools in
Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya and Toho
ku, talks to professional groups,
a lecture to the general public in
Tokyo and an interview over the
Japan Broadcasting Corp.
Spangenberg will speak about
electronics developments in the
United States, with emphasis on
research in the San Francisco Bay
Area and at Stanford. I lis book
on vacuum tubes is required read
ing for advanced electrical engi
neering students in Japan.
