# Tryouts
## 
### 
PUB BEL BO AH I)
Interviews to fill 12 positions
on the Public Relations Board
will be held today and tomorrow.
Students have been asked to sign
up in the lobby of the ASSU
building if interested.
UNIVERSITY < HOIK
Honorariums or stipends are
available for students with solo
ability to fill vacancies in the
bass and soprano sections of the
University Choir. Those inter-

ested in trying out should con
tact director Harold Schmidt at
the Knoll, DA 6-G731, as soon as
possible.
RALLY COM
•Rally Com tryouts for fresh
men and transfer students will
be held today from 1 to 5 p.m. in
the Rally Com office. Applica
tion blanks and sign-up sheets
may be obtained at the ASSU of
fice. Applicants have been asked
to choose the earliest time pos
sible in which to try out.
PUB BEL BO AH I)
Interviews to fill 12 positions
on the Public Relations Board
will be held today and tomorrow.
Students have been asked to sign
up in the lobby of the ASSU
building if interested.
UNIVERSITY < HOIK
Honorariums or stipends are
available for students with solo
ability to fill vacancies in the
bass and soprano sections of the
University Choir. Those inter-

ested in trying out should con
tact director Harold Schmidt at
the Knoll, DA 6-G731, as soon as
possible.
RALLY COM
•Rally Com tryouts for fresh
men and transfer students will
be held today from 1 to 5 p.m. in
the Rally Com office. Applica
tion blanks and sign-up sheets
may be obtained at the ASSU of
fice. Applicants have been asked
to choose the earliest time pos
sible in which to try out.
PUB BEL BO AH I)
Interviews to fill 12 positions
on the Public Relations Board
will be held today and tomorrow.
Students have been asked to sign
up in the lobby of the ASSU
building if interested.
UNIVERSITY < HOIK
Honorariums or stipends are
available for students with solo
ability to fill vacancies in the
bass and soprano sections of the
University Choir. Those inter-

ested in trying out should con
tact director Harold Schmidt at
the Knoll, DA 6-G731, as soon as
possible.
RALLY COM
•Rally Com tryouts for fresh
men and transfer students will
be held today from 1 to 5 p.m. in
the Rally Com office. Applica
tion blanks and sign-up sheets
may be obtained at the ASSU of
fice. Applicants have been asked
to choose the earliest time pos
sible in which to try out.
PUB BEL BO AH I)
Interviews to fill 12 positions
on the Public Relations Board
will be held today and tomorrow.
Students have been asked to sign
up in the lobby of the ASSU
building if interested.
UNIVERSITY < HOIK
Honorariums or stipends are
available for students with solo
ability to fill vacancies in the
bass and soprano sections of the
University Choir. Those inter-

ested in trying out should con
tact director Harold Schmidt at
the Knoll, DA 6-G731, as soon as
possible.
RALLY COM
•Rally Com tryouts for fresh
men and transfer students will
be held today from 1 to 5 p.m. in
the Rally Com office. Applica
tion blanks and sign-up sheets
may be obtained at the ASSU of
fice. Applicants have been asked
to choose the earliest time pos
sible in which to try out.
PUB BEL BO AH I)
Interviews to fill 12 positions
on the Public Relations Board
will be held today and tomorrow.
Students have been asked to sign
up in the lobby of the ASSU
building if interested.
UNIVERSITY < HOIK
Honorariums or stipends are
available for students with solo
ability to fill vacancies in the
bass and soprano sections of the
University Choir. Those inter-

ested in trying out should con
tact director Harold Schmidt at
the Knoll, DA 6-G731, as soon as
possible.
RALLY COM
•Rally Com tryouts for fresh
men and transfer students will
be held today from 1 to 5 p.m. in
the Rally Com office. Applica
tion blanks and sign-up sheets
may be obtained at the ASSU of
fice. Applicants have been asked
to choose the earliest time pos
sible in which to try out.
PUB BEL BO AH I)
Interviews to fill 12 positions
on the Public Relations Board
will be held today and tomorrow.
Students have been asked to sign
up in the lobby of the ASSU
building if interested.
UNIVERSITY < HOIK
Honorariums or stipends are
available for students with solo
ability to fill vacancies in the
bass and soprano sections of the
University Choir. Those inter-

ested in trying out should con
tact director Harold Schmidt at
the Knoll, DA 6-G731, as soon as
possible.
RALLY COM
•Rally Com tryouts for fresh
men and transfer students will
be held today from 1 to 5 p.m. in
the Rally Com office. Applica
tion blanks and sign-up sheets
may be obtained at the ASSU of
fice. Applicants have been asked
to choose the earliest time pos
sible in which to try out.
PUB BEL BO AH I)
Interviews to fill 12 positions
on the Public Relations Board
will be held today and tomorrow.
Students have been asked to sign
up in the lobby of the ASSU
building if interested.
UNIVERSITY < HOIK
Honorariums or stipends are
available for students with solo
ability to fill vacancies in the
bass and soprano sections of the
University Choir. Those inter-

ested in trying out should con
tact director Harold Schmidt at
the Knoll, DA 6-G731, as soon as
possible.
RALLY COM
•Rally Com tryouts for fresh
men and transfer students will
be held today from 1 to 5 p.m. in
the Rally Com office. Applica
tion blanks and sign-up sheets
may be obtained at the ASSU of
fice. Applicants have been asked
to choose the earliest time pos
sible in which to try out.
PUB BEL BO AH I)
Interviews to fill 12 positions
on the Public Relations Board
will be held today and tomorrow.
Students have been asked to sign
up in the lobby of the ASSU
building if interested.
UNIVERSITY < HOIK
Honorariums or stipends are
available for students with solo
ability to fill vacancies in the
bass and soprano sections of the
University Choir. Those inter-

ested in trying out should con
tact director Harold Schmidt at
the Knoll, DA 6-G731, as soon as
possible.
RALLY COM
•Rally Com tryouts for fresh
men and transfer students will
be held today from 1 to 5 p.m. in
the Rally Com office. Applica
tion blanks and sign-up sheets
may be obtained at the ASSU of
fice. Applicants have been asked
to choose the earliest time pos
sible in which to try out.
PUB BEL BO AH I)
Interviews to fill 12 positions
on the Public Relations Board
will be held today and tomorrow.
Students have been asked to sign
up in the lobby of the ASSU
building if interested.
UNIVERSITY < HOIK
Honorariums or stipends are
available for students with solo
ability to fill vacancies in the
bass and soprano sections of the
University Choir. Those inter-

ested in trying out should con
tact director Harold Schmidt at
the Knoll, DA 6-G731, as soon as
possible.
RALLY COM
•Rally Com tryouts for fresh
men and transfer students will
be held today from 1 to 5 p.m. in
the Rally Com office. Applica
tion blanks and sign-up sheets
may be obtained at the ASSU of
fice. Applicants have been asked
to choose the earliest time pos
sible in which to try out.
PUB BEL BO AH I)
Interviews to fill 12 positions
on the Public Relations Board
will be held today and tomorrow.
Students have been asked to sign
up in the lobby of the ASSU
building if interested.
UNIVERSITY < HOIK
Honorariums or stipends are
available for students with solo
ability to fill vacancies in the
bass and soprano sections of the
University Choir. Those inter-

ested in trying out should con
tact director Harold Schmidt at
the Knoll, DA 6-G731, as soon as
possible.
RALLY COM
•Rally Com tryouts for fresh
men and transfer students will
be held today from 1 to 5 p.m. in
the Rally Com office. Applica
tion blanks and sign-up sheets
may be obtained at the ASSU of
fice. Applicants have been asked
to choose the earliest time pos
sible in which to try out.
PUB BEL BO AH I)
Interviews to fill 12 positions
on the Public Relations Board
will be held today and tomorrow.
Students have been asked to sign
up in the lobby of the ASSU
building if interested.
UNIVERSITY < HOIK
Honorariums or stipends are
available for students with solo
ability to fill vacancies in the
bass and soprano sections of the
University Choir. Those inter-

ested in trying out should con
tact director Harold Schmidt at
the Knoll, DA 6-G731, as soon as
possible.
RALLY COM
•Rally Com tryouts for fresh
men and transfer students will
be held today from 1 to 5 p.m. in
the Rally Com office. Applica
tion blanks and sign-up sheets
may be obtained at the ASSU of
fice. Applicants have been asked
to choose the earliest time pos
sible in which to try out.
PUB BEL BO AH I)
Interviews to fill 12 positions
on the Public Relations Board
will be held today and tomorrow.
Students have been asked to sign
up in the lobby of the ASSU
building if interested.
UNIVERSITY < HOIK
Honorariums or stipends are
available for students with solo
ability to fill vacancies in the
bass and soprano sections of the
University Choir. Those inter-

ested in trying out should con
tact director Harold Schmidt at
the Knoll, DA 6-G731, as soon as
possible.
RALLY COM
•Rally Com tryouts for fresh
men and transfer students will
be held today from 1 to 5 p.m. in
the Rally Com office. Applica
tion blanks and sign-up sheets
may be obtained at the ASSU of
fice. Applicants have been asked
to choose the earliest time pos
sible in which to try out.
PUB BEL BO AH I)
Interviews to fill 12 positions
on the Public Relations Board
will be held today and tomorrow.
Students have been asked to sign
up in the lobby of the ASSU
building if interested.
UNIVERSITY < HOIK
Honorariums or stipends are
available for students with solo
ability to fill vacancies in the
bass and soprano sections of the
University Choir. Those inter-

ested in trying out should con
tact director Harold Schmidt at
the Knoll, DA 6-G731, as soon as
possible.
RALLY COM
•Rally Com tryouts for fresh
men and transfer students will
be held today from 1 to 5 p.m. in
the Rally Com office. Applica
tion blanks and sign-up sheets
may be obtained at the ASSU of
fice. Applicants have been asked
to choose the earliest time pos
sible in which to try out.
PUB BEL BO AH I)
Interviews to fill 12 positions
on the Public Relations Board
will be held today and tomorrow.
Students have been asked to sign
up in the lobby of the ASSU
building if interested.
UNIVERSITY < HOIK
Honorariums or stipends are
available for students with solo
ability to fill vacancies in the
bass and soprano sections of the
University Choir. Those inter-

ested in trying out should con
tact director Harold Schmidt at
the Knoll, DA 6-G731, as soon as
possible.
RALLY COM
•Rally Com tryouts for fresh
men and transfer students will
be held today from 1 to 5 p.m. in
the Rally Com office. Applica
tion blanks and sign-up sheets
may be obtained at the ASSU of
fice. Applicants have been asked
to choose the earliest time pos
sible in which to try out.
PUB BEL BO AH I)
Interviews to fill 12 positions
on the Public Relations Board
will be held today and tomorrow.
Students have been asked to sign
up in the lobby of the ASSU
building if interested.
UNIVERSITY < HOIK
Honorariums or stipends are
available for students with solo
ability to fill vacancies in the
bass and soprano sections of the
University Choir. Those inter-

ested in trying out should con
tact director Harold Schmidt at
the Knoll, DA 6-G731, as soon as
possible.
RALLY COM
•Rally Com tryouts for fresh
men and transfer students will
be held today from 1 to 5 p.m. in
the Rally Com office. Applica
tion blanks and sign-up sheets
may be obtained at the ASSU of
fice. Applicants have been asked
to choose the earliest time pos
sible in which to try out.
PUB BEL BO AH I)
Interviews to fill 12 positions
on the Public Relations Board
will be held today and tomorrow.
Students have been asked to sign
up in the lobby of the ASSU
building if interested.
UNIVERSITY < HOIK
Honorariums or stipends are
available for students with solo
ability to fill vacancies in the
bass and soprano sections of the
University Choir. Those inter-

ested in trying out should con
tact director Harold Schmidt at
the Knoll, DA 6-G731, as soon as
possible.
RALLY COM
•Rally Com tryouts for fresh
men and transfer students will
be held today from 1 to 5 p.m. in
the Rally Com office. Applica
tion blanks and sign-up sheets
may be obtained at the ASSU of
fice. Applicants have been asked
to choose the earliest time pos
sible in which to try out.
