# Consul Will Begin HR Discussions
## 
### 
Guest speaker at the first lIR
political gathering of the quarter
will be Michael Scott Weir, Brit
ish consul for northern California
and Nevada. Students arc invited
to hear Weir today at 4:15 p.m.
in the main lounge of Bowman
Alumni I louse.
"Britain's Problems in 1957" is
the topic chosen by the consul for
his talk. Ho will discuss these
problems in relation to economics
and international foreign affairs.
Guest speaker at the first lIR
political gathering of the quarter
will be Michael Scott Weir, Brit
ish consul for northern California
and Nevada. Students arc invited
to hear Weir today at 4:15 p.m.
in the main lounge of Bowman
Alumni I louse.
"Britain's Problems in 1957" is
the topic chosen by the consul for
his talk. Ho will discuss these
problems in relation to economics
and international foreign affairs.
Guest speaker at the first lIR
political gathering of the quarter
will be Michael Scott Weir, Brit
ish consul for northern California
and Nevada. Students arc invited
to hear Weir today at 4:15 p.m.
in the main lounge of Bowman
Alumni I louse.
"Britain's Problems in 1957" is
the topic chosen by the consul for
his talk. Ho will discuss these
problems in relation to economics
and international foreign affairs.
Guest speaker at the first lIR
political gathering of the quarter
will be Michael Scott Weir, Brit
ish consul for northern California
and Nevada. Students arc invited
to hear Weir today at 4:15 p.m.
in the main lounge of Bowman
Alumni I louse.
"Britain's Problems in 1957" is
the topic chosen by the consul for
his talk. Ho will discuss these
problems in relation to economics
and international foreign affairs.
Guest speaker at the first lIR
political gathering of the quarter
will be Michael Scott Weir, Brit
ish consul for northern California
and Nevada. Students arc invited
to hear Weir today at 4:15 p.m.
in the main lounge of Bowman
Alumni I louse.
"Britain's Problems in 1957" is
the topic chosen by the consul for
his talk. Ho will discuss these
problems in relation to economics
and international foreign affairs.
Guest speaker at the first lIR
political gathering of the quarter
will be Michael Scott Weir, Brit
ish consul for northern California
and Nevada. Students arc invited
to hear Weir today at 4:15 p.m.
in the main lounge of Bowman
Alumni I louse.
"Britain's Problems in 1957" is
the topic chosen by the consul for
his talk. Ho will discuss these
problems in relation to economics
and international foreign affairs.
Guest speaker at the first lIR
political gathering of the quarter
will be Michael Scott Weir, Brit
ish consul for northern California
and Nevada. Students arc invited
to hear Weir today at 4:15 p.m.
in the main lounge of Bowman
Alumni I louse.
"Britain's Problems in 1957" is
the topic chosen by the consul for
his talk. Ho will discuss these
problems in relation to economics
and international foreign affairs.
Guest speaker at the first lIR
political gathering of the quarter
will be Michael Scott Weir, Brit
ish consul for northern California
and Nevada. Students arc invited
to hear Weir today at 4:15 p.m.
in the main lounge of Bowman
Alumni I louse.
"Britain's Problems in 1957" is
the topic chosen by the consul for
his talk. Ho will discuss these
problems in relation to economics
and international foreign affairs.
Guest speaker at the first lIR
political gathering of the quarter
will be Michael Scott Weir, Brit
ish consul for northern California
and Nevada. Students arc invited
to hear Weir today at 4:15 p.m.
in the main lounge of Bowman
Alumni I louse.
"Britain's Problems in 1957" is
the topic chosen by the consul for
his talk. Ho will discuss these
problems in relation to economics
and international foreign affairs.
Guest speaker at the first lIR
political gathering of the quarter
will be Michael Scott Weir, Brit
ish consul for northern California
and Nevada. Students arc invited
to hear Weir today at 4:15 p.m.
in the main lounge of Bowman
Alumni I louse.
"Britain's Problems in 1957" is
the topic chosen by the consul for
his talk. Ho will discuss these
problems in relation to economics
and international foreign affairs.
Guest speaker at the first lIR
political gathering of the quarter
will be Michael Scott Weir, Brit
ish consul for northern California
and Nevada. Students arc invited
to hear Weir today at 4:15 p.m.
in the main lounge of Bowman
Alumni I louse.
"Britain's Problems in 1957" is
the topic chosen by the consul for
his talk. Ho will discuss these
problems in relation to economics
and international foreign affairs.
Guest speaker at the first lIR
political gathering of the quarter
will be Michael Scott Weir, Brit
ish consul for northern California
and Nevada. Students arc invited
to hear Weir today at 4:15 p.m.
in the main lounge of Bowman
Alumni I louse.
"Britain's Problems in 1957" is
the topic chosen by the consul for
his talk. Ho will discuss these
problems in relation to economics
and international foreign affairs.
Guest speaker at the first lIR
political gathering of the quarter
will be Michael Scott Weir, Brit
ish consul for northern California
and Nevada. Students arc invited
to hear Weir today at 4:15 p.m.
in the main lounge of Bowman
Alumni I louse.
"Britain's Problems in 1957" is
the topic chosen by the consul for
his talk. Ho will discuss these
problems in relation to economics
and international foreign affairs.
Guest speaker at the first lIR
political gathering of the quarter
will be Michael Scott Weir, Brit
ish consul for northern California
and Nevada. Students arc invited
to hear Weir today at 4:15 p.m.
in the main lounge of Bowman
Alumni I louse.
"Britain's Problems in 1957" is
the topic chosen by the consul for
his talk. Ho will discuss these
problems in relation to economics
and international foreign affairs.
Guest speaker at the first lIR
political gathering of the quarter
will be Michael Scott Weir, Brit
ish consul for northern California
and Nevada. Students arc invited
to hear Weir today at 4:15 p.m.
in the main lounge of Bowman
Alumni I louse.
"Britain's Problems in 1957" is
the topic chosen by the consul for
his talk. Ho will discuss these
problems in relation to economics
and international foreign affairs.
Guest speaker at the first lIR
political gathering of the quarter
will be Michael Scott Weir, Brit
ish consul for northern California
and Nevada. Students arc invited
to hear Weir today at 4:15 p.m.
in the main lounge of Bowman
Alumni I louse.
"Britain's Problems in 1957" is
the topic chosen by the consul for
his talk. Ho will discuss these
problems in relation to economics
and international foreign affairs.
