# Mineral Sciences Reorganize Dept.
## 
### 
Undergoing complete reorgani
zation, the Department of Min
eral Sciences has established five
new departments — geology, goo
physics, petroleum engineering,
metallurgical engineering and
mineral engineering.
Professors named to head these
departments are Ben M. Page, ge
ology; Joshua L. Soskc, geophys
ics; Frank G. Miller, petroleum
engineering; O. Cutler Shepard,
metallurgical engineering; and
Fred L. Humphrey, mineral engi
neering.
In the absence on leave of pro
fessors Shepard and Humphrey,
the acting heads of their respec
tive departments are professors
Robert A. Huggins and A. Ken
neth Schellinger.
Charles F. Park Jr., dean of the
school, explained that the reor
ganization should result in im
provement of facilities for each
group in time.
Undergoing complete reorgani
zation, the Department of Min
eral Sciences has established five
new departments — geology, goo
physics, petroleum engineering,
metallurgical engineering and
mineral engineering.
Professors named to head these
departments are Ben M. Page, ge
ology; Joshua L. Soskc, geophys
ics; Frank G. Miller, petroleum
engineering; O. Cutler Shepard,
metallurgical engineering; and
Fred L. Humphrey, mineral engi
neering.
In the absence on leave of pro
fessors Shepard and Humphrey,
the acting heads of their respec
tive departments are professors
Robert A. Huggins and A. Ken
neth Schellinger.
Charles F. Park Jr., dean of the
school, explained that the reor
ganization should result in im
provement of facilities for each
group in time.
Undergoing complete reorgani
zation, the Department of Min
eral Sciences has established five
new departments — geology, goo
physics, petroleum engineering,
metallurgical engineering and
mineral engineering.
Professors named to head these
departments are Ben M. Page, ge
ology; Joshua L. Soskc, geophys
ics; Frank G. Miller, petroleum
engineering; O. Cutler Shepard,
metallurgical engineering; and
Fred L. Humphrey, mineral engi
neering.
In the absence on leave of pro
fessors Shepard and Humphrey,
the acting heads of their respec
tive departments are professors
Robert A. Huggins and A. Ken
neth Schellinger.
Charles F. Park Jr., dean of the
school, explained that the reor
ganization should result in im
provement of facilities for each
group in time.
Undergoing complete reorgani
zation, the Department of Min
eral Sciences has established five
new departments — geology, goo
physics, petroleum engineering,
metallurgical engineering and
mineral engineering.
Professors named to head these
departments are Ben M. Page, ge
ology; Joshua L. Soskc, geophys
ics; Frank G. Miller, petroleum
engineering; O. Cutler Shepard,
metallurgical engineering; and
Fred L. Humphrey, mineral engi
neering.
In the absence on leave of pro
fessors Shepard and Humphrey,
the acting heads of their respec
tive departments are professors
Robert A. Huggins and A. Ken
neth Schellinger.
Charles F. Park Jr., dean of the
school, explained that the reor
ganization should result in im
provement of facilities for each
group in time.
Undergoing complete reorgani
zation, the Department of Min
eral Sciences has established five
new departments — geology, goo
physics, petroleum engineering,
metallurgical engineering and
mineral engineering.
Professors named to head these
departments are Ben M. Page, ge
ology; Joshua L. Soskc, geophys
ics; Frank G. Miller, petroleum
engineering; O. Cutler Shepard,
metallurgical engineering; and
Fred L. Humphrey, mineral engi
neering.
In the absence on leave of pro
fessors Shepard and Humphrey,
the acting heads of their respec
tive departments are professors
Robert A. Huggins and A. Ken
neth Schellinger.
Charles F. Park Jr., dean of the
school, explained that the reor
ganization should result in im
provement of facilities for each
group in time.
Undergoing complete reorgani
zation, the Department of Min
eral Sciences has established five
new departments — geology, goo
physics, petroleum engineering,
metallurgical engineering and
mineral engineering.
Professors named to head these
departments are Ben M. Page, ge
ology; Joshua L. Soskc, geophys
ics; Frank G. Miller, petroleum
engineering; O. Cutler Shepard,
metallurgical engineering; and
Fred L. Humphrey, mineral engi
neering.
In the absence on leave of pro
fessors Shepard and Humphrey,
the acting heads of their respec
tive departments are professors
Robert A. Huggins and A. Ken
neth Schellinger.
Charles F. Park Jr., dean of the
school, explained that the reor
ganization should result in im
provement of facilities for each
group in time.
Undergoing complete reorgani
zation, the Department of Min
eral Sciences has established five
new departments — geology, goo
physics, petroleum engineering,
metallurgical engineering and
mineral engineering.
Professors named to head these
departments are Ben M. Page, ge
ology; Joshua L. Soskc, geophys
ics; Frank G. Miller, petroleum
engineering; O. Cutler Shepard,
metallurgical engineering; and
Fred L. Humphrey, mineral engi
neering.
In the absence on leave of pro
fessors Shepard and Humphrey,
the acting heads of their respec
tive departments are professors
Robert A. Huggins and A. Ken
neth Schellinger.
Charles F. Park Jr., dean of the
school, explained that the reor
ganization should result in im
provement of facilities for each
group in time.
Undergoing complete reorgani
zation, the Department of Min
eral Sciences has established five
new departments — geology, goo
physics, petroleum engineering,
metallurgical engineering and
mineral engineering.
Professors named to head these
departments are Ben M. Page, ge
ology; Joshua L. Soskc, geophys
ics; Frank G. Miller, petroleum
engineering; O. Cutler Shepard,
metallurgical engineering; and
Fred L. Humphrey, mineral engi
neering.
In the absence on leave of pro
fessors Shepard and Humphrey,
the acting heads of their respec
tive departments are professors
Robert A. Huggins and A. Ken
neth Schellinger.
Charles F. Park Jr., dean of the
school, explained that the reor
ganization should result in im
provement of facilities for each
group in time.
Undergoing complete reorgani
zation, the Department of Min
eral Sciences has established five
new departments — geology, goo
physics, petroleum engineering,
metallurgical engineering and
mineral engineering.
Professors named to head these
departments are Ben M. Page, ge
ology; Joshua L. Soskc, geophys
ics; Frank G. Miller, petroleum
engineering; O. Cutler Shepard,
metallurgical engineering; and
Fred L. Humphrey, mineral engi
neering.
In the absence on leave of pro
fessors Shepard and Humphrey,
the acting heads of their respec
tive departments are professors
Robert A. Huggins and A. Ken
neth Schellinger.
Charles F. Park Jr., dean of the
school, explained that the reor
ganization should result in im
provement of facilities for each
group in time.
Undergoing complete reorgani
zation, the Department of Min
eral Sciences has established five
new departments — geology, goo
physics, petroleum engineering,
metallurgical engineering and
mineral engineering.
Professors named to head these
departments are Ben M. Page, ge
ology; Joshua L. Soskc, geophys
ics; Frank G. Miller, petroleum
engineering; O. Cutler Shepard,
metallurgical engineering; and
Fred L. Humphrey, mineral engi
neering.
In the absence on leave of pro
fessors Shepard and Humphrey,
the acting heads of their respec
tive departments are professors
Robert A. Huggins and A. Ken
neth Schellinger.
Charles F. Park Jr., dean of the
school, explained that the reor
ganization should result in im
provement of facilities for each
group in time.
Undergoing complete reorgani
zation, the Department of Min
eral Sciences has established five
new departments — geology, goo
physics, petroleum engineering,
metallurgical engineering and
mineral engineering.
Professors named to head these
departments are Ben M. Page, ge
ology; Joshua L. Soskc, geophys
ics; Frank G. Miller, petroleum
engineering; O. Cutler Shepard,
metallurgical engineering; and
Fred L. Humphrey, mineral engi
neering.
In the absence on leave of pro
fessors Shepard and Humphrey,
the acting heads of their respec
tive departments are professors
Robert A. Huggins and A. Ken
neth Schellinger.
Charles F. Park Jr., dean of the
school, explained that the reor
ganization should result in im
provement of facilities for each
group in time.
Undergoing complete reorgani
zation, the Department of Min
eral Sciences has established five
new departments — geology, goo
physics, petroleum engineering,
metallurgical engineering and
mineral engineering.
Professors named to head these
departments are Ben M. Page, ge
ology; Joshua L. Soskc, geophys
ics; Frank G. Miller, petroleum
engineering; O. Cutler Shepard,
metallurgical engineering; and
Fred L. Humphrey, mineral engi
neering.
In the absence on leave of pro
fessors Shepard and Humphrey,
the acting heads of their respec
tive departments are professors
Robert A. Huggins and A. Ken
neth Schellinger.
Charles F. Park Jr., dean of the
school, explained that the reor
ganization should result in im
provement of facilities for each
group in time.
Undergoing complete reorgani
zation, the Department of Min
eral Sciences has established five
new departments — geology, goo
physics, petroleum engineering,
metallurgical engineering and
mineral engineering.
Professors named to head these
departments are Ben M. Page, ge
ology; Joshua L. Soskc, geophys
ics; Frank G. Miller, petroleum
engineering; O. Cutler Shepard,
metallurgical engineering; and
Fred L. Humphrey, mineral engi
neering.
In the absence on leave of pro
fessors Shepard and Humphrey,
the acting heads of their respec
tive departments are professors
Robert A. Huggins and A. Ken
neth Schellinger.
Charles F. Park Jr., dean of the
school, explained that the reor
ganization should result in im
provement of facilities for each
group in time.
Undergoing complete reorgani
zation, the Department of Min
eral Sciences has established five
new departments — geology, goo
physics, petroleum engineering,
metallurgical engineering and
mineral engineering.
Professors named to head these
departments are Ben M. Page, ge
ology; Joshua L. Soskc, geophys
ics; Frank G. Miller, petroleum
engineering; O. Cutler Shepard,
metallurgical engineering; and
Fred L. Humphrey, mineral engi
neering.
In the absence on leave of pro
fessors Shepard and Humphrey,
the acting heads of their respec
tive departments are professors
Robert A. Huggins and A. Ken
neth Schellinger.
Charles F. Park Jr., dean of the
school, explained that the reor
ganization should result in im
provement of facilities for each
group in time.
Undergoing complete reorgani
zation, the Department of Min
eral Sciences has established five
new departments — geology, goo
physics, petroleum engineering,
metallurgical engineering and
mineral engineering.
Professors named to head these
departments are Ben M. Page, ge
ology; Joshua L. Soskc, geophys
ics; Frank G. Miller, petroleum
engineering; O. Cutler Shepard,
metallurgical engineering; and
Fred L. Humphrey, mineral engi
neering.
In the absence on leave of pro
fessors Shepard and Humphrey,
the acting heads of their respec
tive departments are professors
Robert A. Huggins and A. Ken
neth Schellinger.
Charles F. Park Jr., dean of the
school, explained that the reor
ganization should result in im
provement of facilities for each
group in time.
Undergoing complete reorgani
zation, the Department of Min
eral Sciences has established five
new departments — geology, goo
physics, petroleum engineering,
metallurgical engineering and
mineral engineering.
Professors named to head these
departments are Ben M. Page, ge
ology; Joshua L. Soskc, geophys
ics; Frank G. Miller, petroleum
engineering; O. Cutler Shepard,
metallurgical engineering; and
Fred L. Humphrey, mineral engi
neering.
In the absence on leave of pro
fessors Shepard and Humphrey,
the acting heads of their respec
tive departments are professors
Robert A. Huggins and A. Ken
neth Schellinger.
Charles F. Park Jr., dean of the
school, explained that the reor
ganization should result in im
provement of facilities for each
group in time.
