# Adv. 9 Page 4
## 
### 
®
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS |
#•> ■■■ -
F'OR SALE3 —Oliver typewriter and
student desk. Call at 831 Bryant
street any time. tf
NOTICE: —Reward for the return of
a fan, black silk mounted on gold
lattice, attached to braided chain.
Was taken from property room in
Assembly Hall, on or Boon after
Founders' Day. Notify Box 1167,
Campus.
WANTED —Men for vacation work. If
you are a leader of your set, or
have had canvassing experience,
here is an opportunity for real
money. No peddling. Luther
Whiteman, 24 California St., San
Francisco. tf
FOR SALE —Practically new set of
drawing instruments, at half price.
Fine Dietzgen instruments. Will
last a life time. Address J. M. Mar
vin, Campus. tf
Highest price paid for second hand
lading and gf'nts' clothing, also furni
ure, old gold and silver bought at
Hubert's. Ramona St., Palo Alto.
