# CAMPUS RESIDENTS VOLUNTEER TO CURB SPEEDY MOTORISTS
## 
### 
A volunteer committe of campus res
idents has taken up the matter of au
tomobile speeding on the campus, with
the result that there has been consti
tuted practically an auxiliary body to
aid the University authorities in detect
ing and punishing violators of the speed
bmits, which have been posted by offi
cial signs on the campus street.
The members of this committee have
undertaken to report violations to the
University authorities and automobile
drivers, who are found guilty of break
ing the campus speed rules will auto
matically be prohibited from driving au
tomobiles on the campus for six months.
A volunteer committe of campus res
idents has taken up the matter of au
tomobile speeding on the campus, with
the result that there has been consti
tuted practically an auxiliary body to
aid the University authorities in detect
ing and punishing violators of the speed
bmits, which have been posted by offi
cial signs on the campus street.
The members of this committee have
undertaken to report violations to the
University authorities and automobile
drivers, who are found guilty of break
ing the campus speed rules will auto
matically be prohibited from driving au
tomobiles on the campus for six months.
A volunteer committe of campus res
idents has taken up the matter of au
tomobile speeding on the campus, with
the result that there has been consti
tuted practically an auxiliary body to
aid the University authorities in detect
ing and punishing violators of the speed
bmits, which have been posted by offi
cial signs on the campus street.
The members of this committee have
undertaken to report violations to the
University authorities and automobile
drivers, who are found guilty of break
ing the campus speed rules will auto
matically be prohibited from driving au
tomobiles on the campus for six months.
A volunteer committe of campus res
idents has taken up the matter of au
tomobile speeding on the campus, with
the result that there has been consti
tuted practically an auxiliary body to
aid the University authorities in detect
ing and punishing violators of the speed
bmits, which have been posted by offi
cial signs on the campus street.
The members of this committee have
undertaken to report violations to the
University authorities and automobile
drivers, who are found guilty of break
ing the campus speed rules will auto
matically be prohibited from driving au
tomobiles on the campus for six months.
A volunteer committe of campus res
idents has taken up the matter of au
tomobile speeding on the campus, with
the result that there has been consti
tuted practically an auxiliary body to
aid the University authorities in detect
ing and punishing violators of the speed
bmits, which have been posted by offi
cial signs on the campus street.
The members of this committee have
undertaken to report violations to the
University authorities and automobile
drivers, who are found guilty of break
ing the campus speed rules will auto
matically be prohibited from driving au
tomobiles on the campus for six months.
A volunteer committe of campus res
idents has taken up the matter of au
tomobile speeding on the campus, with
the result that there has been consti
tuted practically an auxiliary body to
aid the University authorities in detect
ing and punishing violators of the speed
bmits, which have been posted by offi
cial signs on the campus street.
The members of this committee have
undertaken to report violations to the
University authorities and automobile
drivers, who are found guilty of break
ing the campus speed rules will auto
matically be prohibited from driving au
tomobiles on the campus for six months.
A volunteer committe of campus res
idents has taken up the matter of au
tomobile speeding on the campus, with
the result that there has been consti
tuted practically an auxiliary body to
aid the University authorities in detect
ing and punishing violators of the speed
bmits, which have been posted by offi
cial signs on the campus street.
The members of this committee have
undertaken to report violations to the
University authorities and automobile
drivers, who are found guilty of break
ing the campus speed rules will auto
matically be prohibited from driving au
tomobiles on the campus for six months.
A volunteer committe of campus res
idents has taken up the matter of au
tomobile speeding on the campus, with
the result that there has been consti
tuted practically an auxiliary body to
aid the University authorities in detect
ing and punishing violators of the speed
bmits, which have been posted by offi
cial signs on the campus street.
The members of this committee have
undertaken to report violations to the
University authorities and automobile
drivers, who are found guilty of break
ing the campus speed rules will auto
matically be prohibited from driving au
tomobiles on the campus for six months.
A volunteer committe of campus res
idents has taken up the matter of au
tomobile speeding on the campus, with
the result that there has been consti
tuted practically an auxiliary body to
aid the University authorities in detect
ing and punishing violators of the speed
bmits, which have been posted by offi
cial signs on the campus street.
The members of this committee have
undertaken to report violations to the
University authorities and automobile
drivers, who are found guilty of break
ing the campus speed rules will auto
matically be prohibited from driving au
tomobiles on the campus for six months.
A volunteer committe of campus res
idents has taken up the matter of au
tomobile speeding on the campus, with
the result that there has been consti
tuted practically an auxiliary body to
aid the University authorities in detect
ing and punishing violators of the speed
bmits, which have been posted by offi
cial signs on the campus street.
The members of this committee have
undertaken to report violations to the
University authorities and automobile
drivers, who are found guilty of break
ing the campus speed rules will auto
matically be prohibited from driving au
tomobiles on the campus for six months.
A volunteer committe of campus res
idents has taken up the matter of au
tomobile speeding on the campus, with
the result that there has been consti
tuted practically an auxiliary body to
aid the University authorities in detect
ing and punishing violators of the speed
bmits, which have been posted by offi
cial signs on the campus street.
The members of this committee have
undertaken to report violations to the
University authorities and automobile
drivers, who are found guilty of break
ing the campus speed rules will auto
matically be prohibited from driving au
tomobiles on the campus for six months.
A volunteer committe of campus res
idents has taken up the matter of au
tomobile speeding on the campus, with
the result that there has been consti
tuted practically an auxiliary body to
aid the University authorities in detect
ing and punishing violators of the speed
bmits, which have been posted by offi
cial signs on the campus street.
The members of this committee have
undertaken to report violations to the
University authorities and automobile
drivers, who are found guilty of break
ing the campus speed rules will auto
matically be prohibited from driving au
tomobiles on the campus for six months.
A volunteer committe of campus res
idents has taken up the matter of au
tomobile speeding on the campus, with
the result that there has been consti
tuted practically an auxiliary body to
aid the University authorities in detect
ing and punishing violators of the speed
bmits, which have been posted by offi
cial signs on the campus street.
The members of this committee have
undertaken to report violations to the
University authorities and automobile
drivers, who are found guilty of break
ing the campus speed rules will auto
matically be prohibited from driving au
tomobiles on the campus for six months.
