# MME. MATZENAUER IS THE SOLOIST FOR TUESDAY CONCERT
## Program in Assembly Hall to Be Closing Recital of the Peninsula Music Association 
### 
Margaret Matzenauer, the noted con
tralto who will sing at the Assembly
Hall tomorrow evening in the final pro
gram of this year's Peninsula Musical
Association's series, is a famous opera
star and is considered one of the most
eminent recital artists on the American
boards. She has also achieved distinc
tion on the concert stage and is in con
stant demand all over the country for
concert recitals and solo work. She
comes by her gifts logically, as her
father was a director of the Royal
Theater orchestra and her mother a
singer the opera house in the small
town in Hungary where she was born
With this combination of inherited
musical talent, her career has been a
constant rise to greatness, from her
debut as Puck in Weber's opera of
Oberon to her first appearance with the
Metropolitan company of New York in
1911.
Mine. Matzenauer is admired not only
for the beauty of her voice but for her
personality and stage presence as well.
She is known as the "greatest voice in
the Metropolitan" and has sung both
contralto and soprano roles with marked
success, although she is classed as a
contralto. She sang the soprano role
of Carmen in Farrar's place on a day's
notice and scored a triumph, and was
also successful as Brunhilde. The roles
ordinarily associated with her name are
those of Ortud, Delilah and Amneris.
As a concert artist she stands in the
foremost rank.
The exchange of season coupons for
reserved scats will take place tomorrow
at Crandall's Bookstore in Palo Alto.
