# Daily Sports
## Clinic To See All-Star Game 
### 
An exhibition basketball contest
featuring former Stanford stars
will highlight today's session of the
Third Annual Stanford Coaching
Clinic. Approximately 225 high
school and junior college coaches
are attending the classes, which be
gan Monday and run through Sat
urday.
Today's contest in the Pavilion
will include such notable court lu
minaries as Hank Luisetti, Howie
Dallmar, Don Williams, and Jim
Pollard, ex-Cards, along with pros
Bob Feerick and Fred Scolari.
For the first time since the clinic
was originated, three units of uni
versity credit are being offered.
The subject matter consists of fun
damental aspects and coaching
techniques of football, basketball,
and baseball.
Marchie Schwartz and his staff
devoted most of the opening day to
indoor lectures and field demon
strations about football.
