# A.F.L. Orders Lewis to Disband
## Industrial Organization Committee Is Dissolved 
### 
MIAMI, Fla., Jan. 2.'} (/!>).— I The
American Federation of Labor's ex
ecutive council today commanded
the John L. Lewis committee for in
dustrial organization to "immediate
ly dissolve" and "cease to function."
The council moved after finding
"there is growing conviction" the
Lewis committee's activities "consti
tute a challenge to supremacy of the
American Federation of L;ibor.''
Demands Respect
Recalling the expression against
industrial unionism of delegates to
the A. F. of L. 1035 convention, the
executive council said it must "in
sist" the convention policies "should
be respected, observed and carried
out."
A committee of three A. F. of L.
vice-presidents was named by Pres
ident William Green to express the
executive council's wishes to the
committee for industrial organiza
tion.
The executive council thus drew
afresh the battle lines between those
who support craft unionism—organ
ization of workers by crafts—and in
dustrial unionism, the organization
of workers by industry.
