# Grad Men and Women Invited to Knoll Dance
## 
### 
All graduate men and women are
invited to a dance at The Knoll,
graduate women's residence, Sat
urday night from 9 to 1, Happy
Haller, chairman of the publicity
committee, announced yesterday.
Refreshments will be served. Miss
Haller said, adding that music for
the event will be played by "big
name" bands via the juke - box
route.
Miss Haller added that women
from Lagunita are also welcome to
attend the dance.
All graduate men and women are
invited to a dance at The Knoll,
graduate women's residence, Sat
urday night from 9 to 1, Happy
Haller, chairman of the publicity
committee, announced yesterday.
Refreshments will be served. Miss
Haller said, adding that music for
the event will be played by "big
name" bands via the juke - box
route.
Miss Haller added that women
from Lagunita are also welcome to
attend the dance.
All graduate men and women are
invited to a dance at The Knoll,
graduate women's residence, Sat
urday night from 9 to 1, Happy
Haller, chairman of the publicity
committee, announced yesterday.
Refreshments will be served. Miss
Haller said, adding that music for
the event will be played by "big
name" bands via the juke - box
route.
Miss Haller added that women
from Lagunita are also welcome to
attend the dance.
All graduate men and women are
invited to a dance at The Knoll,
graduate women's residence, Sat
urday night from 9 to 1, Happy
Haller, chairman of the publicity
committee, announced yesterday.
Refreshments will be served. Miss
Haller said, adding that music for
the event will be played by "big
name" bands via the juke - box
route.
Miss Haller added that women
from Lagunita are also welcome to
attend the dance.
All graduate men and women are
invited to a dance at The Knoll,
graduate women's residence, Sat
urday night from 9 to 1, Happy
Haller, chairman of the publicity
committee, announced yesterday.
Refreshments will be served. Miss
Haller said, adding that music for
the event will be played by "big
name" bands via the juke - box
route.
Miss Haller added that women
from Lagunita are also welcome to
attend the dance.
All graduate men and women are
invited to a dance at The Knoll,
graduate women's residence, Sat
urday night from 9 to 1, Happy
Haller, chairman of the publicity
committee, announced yesterday.
Refreshments will be served. Miss
Haller said, adding that music for
the event will be played by "big
name" bands via the juke - box
route.
Miss Haller added that women
from Lagunita are also welcome to
attend the dance.
All graduate men and women are
invited to a dance at The Knoll,
graduate women's residence, Sat
urday night from 9 to 1, Happy
Haller, chairman of the publicity
committee, announced yesterday.
Refreshments will be served. Miss
Haller said, adding that music for
the event will be played by "big
name" bands via the juke - box
route.
Miss Haller added that women
from Lagunita are also welcome to
attend the dance.
All graduate men and women are
invited to a dance at The Knoll,
graduate women's residence, Sat
urday night from 9 to 1, Happy
Haller, chairman of the publicity
committee, announced yesterday.
Refreshments will be served. Miss
Haller said, adding that music for
the event will be played by "big
name" bands via the juke - box
route.
Miss Haller added that women
from Lagunita are also welcome to
attend the dance.
All graduate men and women are
invited to a dance at The Knoll,
graduate women's residence, Sat
urday night from 9 to 1, Happy
Haller, chairman of the publicity
committee, announced yesterday.
Refreshments will be served. Miss
Haller said, adding that music for
the event will be played by "big
name" bands via the juke - box
route.
Miss Haller added that women
from Lagunita are also welcome to
attend the dance.
All graduate men and women are
invited to a dance at The Knoll,
graduate women's residence, Sat
urday night from 9 to 1, Happy
Haller, chairman of the publicity
committee, announced yesterday.
Refreshments will be served. Miss
Haller said, adding that music for
the event will be played by "big
name" bands via the juke - box
route.
Miss Haller added that women
from Lagunita are also welcome to
attend the dance.
All graduate men and women are
invited to a dance at The Knoll,
graduate women's residence, Sat
urday night from 9 to 1, Happy
Haller, chairman of the publicity
committee, announced yesterday.
Refreshments will be served. Miss
Haller said, adding that music for
the event will be played by "big
name" bands via the juke - box
route.
Miss Haller added that women
from Lagunita are also welcome to
attend the dance.
All graduate men and women are
invited to a dance at The Knoll,
graduate women's residence, Sat
urday night from 9 to 1, Happy
Haller, chairman of the publicity
committee, announced yesterday.
Refreshments will be served. Miss
Haller said, adding that music for
the event will be played by "big
name" bands via the juke - box
route.
Miss Haller added that women
from Lagunita are also welcome to
attend the dance.
All graduate men and women are
invited to a dance at The Knoll,
graduate women's residence, Sat
urday night from 9 to 1, Happy
Haller, chairman of the publicity
committee, announced yesterday.
Refreshments will be served. Miss
Haller said, adding that music for
the event will be played by "big
name" bands via the juke - box
route.
Miss Haller added that women
from Lagunita are also welcome to
attend the dance.
All graduate men and women are
invited to a dance at The Knoll,
graduate women's residence, Sat
urday night from 9 to 1, Happy
Haller, chairman of the publicity
committee, announced yesterday.
Refreshments will be served. Miss
Haller said, adding that music for
the event will be played by "big
name" bands via the juke - box
route.
Miss Haller added that women
from Lagunita are also welcome to
attend the dance.
All graduate men and women are
invited to a dance at The Knoll,
graduate women's residence, Sat
urday night from 9 to 1, Happy
Haller, chairman of the publicity
committee, announced yesterday.
Refreshments will be served. Miss
Haller said, adding that music for
the event will be played by "big
name" bands via the juke - box
route.
Miss Haller added that women
from Lagunita are also welcome to
attend the dance.
