# Untitled Article
## 
### 

INDIAN LEADER—This is the
latest picture of the Agha Khan,
the spiritual leader of thousands
of Isniaili Mohammedans. The
picture was taken while the Agha
Khan was on a recent trip to
Cairo, Egypt. At 69 he is promi
nent in dealings with the British
on Indian independence, and aside
from his many affairs of state is
intensely interested in horse rac
ing.

INDIAN LEADER—This is the
latest picture of the Agha Khan,
the spiritual leader of thousands
of Isniaili Mohammedans. The
picture was taken while the Agha
Khan was on a recent trip to
Cairo, Egypt. At 69 he is promi
nent in dealings with the British
on Indian independence, and aside
from his many affairs of state is
intensely interested in horse rac
ing.

INDIAN LEADER—This is the
latest picture of the Agha Khan,
the spiritual leader of thousands
of Isniaili Mohammedans. The
picture was taken while the Agha
Khan was on a recent trip to
Cairo, Egypt. At 69 he is promi
nent in dealings with the British
on Indian independence, and aside
from his many affairs of state is
intensely interested in horse rac
ing.

INDIAN LEADER—This is the
latest picture of the Agha Khan,
the spiritual leader of thousands
of Isniaili Mohammedans. The
picture was taken while the Agha
Khan was on a recent trip to
Cairo, Egypt. At 69 he is promi
nent in dealings with the British
on Indian independence, and aside
from his many affairs of state is
intensely interested in horse rac
ing.

INDIAN LEADER—This is the
latest picture of the Agha Khan,
the spiritual leader of thousands
of Isniaili Mohammedans. The
picture was taken while the Agha
Khan was on a recent trip to
Cairo, Egypt. At 69 he is promi
nent in dealings with the British
on Indian independence, and aside
from his many affairs of state is
intensely interested in horse rac
ing.

INDIAN LEADER—This is the
latest picture of the Agha Khan,
the spiritual leader of thousands
of Isniaili Mohammedans. The
picture was taken while the Agha
Khan was on a recent trip to
Cairo, Egypt. At 69 he is promi
nent in dealings with the British
on Indian independence, and aside
from his many affairs of state is
intensely interested in horse rac
ing.

INDIAN LEADER—This is the
latest picture of the Agha Khan,
the spiritual leader of thousands
of Isniaili Mohammedans. The
picture was taken while the Agha
Khan was on a recent trip to
Cairo, Egypt. At 69 he is promi
nent in dealings with the British
on Indian independence, and aside
from his many affairs of state is
intensely interested in horse rac
ing.

INDIAN LEADER—This is the
latest picture of the Agha Khan,
the spiritual leader of thousands
of Isniaili Mohammedans. The
picture was taken while the Agha
Khan was on a recent trip to
Cairo, Egypt. At 69 he is promi
nent in dealings with the British
on Indian independence, and aside
from his many affairs of state is
intensely interested in horse rac
ing.

INDIAN LEADER—This is the
latest picture of the Agha Khan,
the spiritual leader of thousands
of Isniaili Mohammedans. The
picture was taken while the Agha
Khan was on a recent trip to
Cairo, Egypt. At 69 he is promi
nent in dealings with the British
on Indian independence, and aside
from his many affairs of state is
intensely interested in horse rac
ing.

INDIAN LEADER—This is the
latest picture of the Agha Khan,
the spiritual leader of thousands
of Isniaili Mohammedans. The
picture was taken while the Agha
Khan was on a recent trip to
Cairo, Egypt. At 69 he is promi
nent in dealings with the British
on Indian independence, and aside
from his many affairs of state is
intensely interested in horse rac
ing.

INDIAN LEADER—This is the
latest picture of the Agha Khan,
the spiritual leader of thousands
of Isniaili Mohammedans. The
picture was taken while the Agha
Khan was on a recent trip to
Cairo, Egypt. At 69 he is promi
nent in dealings with the British
on Indian independence, and aside
from his many affairs of state is
intensely interested in horse rac
ing.

INDIAN LEADER—This is the
latest picture of the Agha Khan,
the spiritual leader of thousands
of Isniaili Mohammedans. The
picture was taken while the Agha
Khan was on a recent trip to
Cairo, Egypt. At 69 he is promi
nent in dealings with the British
on Indian independence, and aside
from his many affairs of state is
intensely interested in horse rac
ing.

INDIAN LEADER—This is the
latest picture of the Agha Khan,
the spiritual leader of thousands
of Isniaili Mohammedans. The
picture was taken while the Agha
Khan was on a recent trip to
Cairo, Egypt. At 69 he is promi
nent in dealings with the British
on Indian independence, and aside
from his many affairs of state is
intensely interested in horse rac
ing.

INDIAN LEADER—This is the
latest picture of the Agha Khan,
the spiritual leader of thousands
of Isniaili Mohammedans. The
picture was taken while the Agha
Khan was on a recent trip to
Cairo, Egypt. At 69 he is promi
nent in dealings with the British
on Indian independence, and aside
from his many affairs of state is
intensely interested in horse rac
ing.

INDIAN LEADER—This is the
latest picture of the Agha Khan,
the spiritual leader of thousands
of Isniaili Mohammedans. The
picture was taken while the Agha
Khan was on a recent trip to
Cairo, Egypt. At 69 he is promi
nent in dealings with the British
on Indian independence, and aside
from his many affairs of state is
intensely interested in horse rac
ing.
