# Poetry Selections Read by Newell Ford
## 
### 
Selections from the poetry of
Keats, read by Newell Ford yester
day afternoon, proved very enter
taining. The reading was held un
der the auspices of the Department
of English, in the Briggs Room, Hu
manities Building.
As a part of the regular Tuesday
afternoon readings of poetry, this
meeting was held from 4:15 to 5.
Those members of the faculty and
student body who attended thor
oughly enjoyed the selections. —
Glickman
Selections from the poetry of
Keats, read by Newell Ford yester
day afternoon, proved very enter
taining. The reading was held un
der the auspices of the Department
of English, in the Briggs Room, Hu
manities Building.
As a part of the regular Tuesday
afternoon readings of poetry, this
meeting was held from 4:15 to 5.
Those members of the faculty and
student body who attended thor
oughly enjoyed the selections. —
Glickman
Selections from the poetry of
Keats, read by Newell Ford yester
day afternoon, proved very enter
taining. The reading was held un
der the auspices of the Department
of English, in the Briggs Room, Hu
manities Building.
As a part of the regular Tuesday
afternoon readings of poetry, this
meeting was held from 4:15 to 5.
Those members of the faculty and
student body who attended thor
oughly enjoyed the selections. —
Glickman
Selections from the poetry of
Keats, read by Newell Ford yester
day afternoon, proved very enter
taining. The reading was held un
der the auspices of the Department
of English, in the Briggs Room, Hu
manities Building.
As a part of the regular Tuesday
afternoon readings of poetry, this
meeting was held from 4:15 to 5.
Those members of the faculty and
student body who attended thor
oughly enjoyed the selections. —
Glickman
Selections from the poetry of
Keats, read by Newell Ford yester
day afternoon, proved very enter
taining. The reading was held un
der the auspices of the Department
of English, in the Briggs Room, Hu
manities Building.
As a part of the regular Tuesday
afternoon readings of poetry, this
meeting was held from 4:15 to 5.
Those members of the faculty and
student body who attended thor
oughly enjoyed the selections. —
Glickman
Selections from the poetry of
Keats, read by Newell Ford yester
day afternoon, proved very enter
taining. The reading was held un
der the auspices of the Department
of English, in the Briggs Room, Hu
manities Building.
As a part of the regular Tuesday
afternoon readings of poetry, this
meeting was held from 4:15 to 5.
Those members of the faculty and
student body who attended thor
oughly enjoyed the selections. —
Glickman
Selections from the poetry of
Keats, read by Newell Ford yester
day afternoon, proved very enter
taining. The reading was held un
der the auspices of the Department
of English, in the Briggs Room, Hu
manities Building.
As a part of the regular Tuesday
afternoon readings of poetry, this
meeting was held from 4:15 to 5.
Those members of the faculty and
student body who attended thor
oughly enjoyed the selections. —
Glickman
Selections from the poetry of
Keats, read by Newell Ford yester
day afternoon, proved very enter
taining. The reading was held un
der the auspices of the Department
of English, in the Briggs Room, Hu
manities Building.
As a part of the regular Tuesday
afternoon readings of poetry, this
meeting was held from 4:15 to 5.
Those members of the faculty and
student body who attended thor
oughly enjoyed the selections. —
Glickman
Selections from the poetry of
Keats, read by Newell Ford yester
day afternoon, proved very enter
taining. The reading was held un
der the auspices of the Department
of English, in the Briggs Room, Hu
manities Building.
As a part of the regular Tuesday
afternoon readings of poetry, this
meeting was held from 4:15 to 5.
Those members of the faculty and
student body who attended thor
oughly enjoyed the selections. —
Glickman
Selections from the poetry of
Keats, read by Newell Ford yester
day afternoon, proved very enter
taining. The reading was held un
der the auspices of the Department
of English, in the Briggs Room, Hu
manities Building.
As a part of the regular Tuesday
afternoon readings of poetry, this
meeting was held from 4:15 to 5.
Those members of the faculty and
student body who attended thor
oughly enjoyed the selections. —
Glickman
Selections from the poetry of
Keats, read by Newell Ford yester
day afternoon, proved very enter
taining. The reading was held un
der the auspices of the Department
of English, in the Briggs Room, Hu
manities Building.
As a part of the regular Tuesday
afternoon readings of poetry, this
meeting was held from 4:15 to 5.
Those members of the faculty and
student body who attended thor
oughly enjoyed the selections. —
Glickman
Selections from the poetry of
Keats, read by Newell Ford yester
day afternoon, proved very enter
taining. The reading was held un
der the auspices of the Department
of English, in the Briggs Room, Hu
manities Building.
As a part of the regular Tuesday
afternoon readings of poetry, this
meeting was held from 4:15 to 5.
Those members of the faculty and
student body who attended thor
oughly enjoyed the selections. —
Glickman
Selections from the poetry of
Keats, read by Newell Ford yester
day afternoon, proved very enter
taining. The reading was held un
der the auspices of the Department
of English, in the Briggs Room, Hu
manities Building.
As a part of the regular Tuesday
afternoon readings of poetry, this
meeting was held from 4:15 to 5.
Those members of the faculty and
student body who attended thor
oughly enjoyed the selections. —
Glickman
Selections from the poetry of
Keats, read by Newell Ford yester
day afternoon, proved very enter
taining. The reading was held un
der the auspices of the Department
of English, in the Briggs Room, Hu
manities Building.
As a part of the regular Tuesday
afternoon readings of poetry, this
meeting was held from 4:15 to 5.
Those members of the faculty and
student body who attended thor
oughly enjoyed the selections. —
Glickman
Selections from the poetry of
Keats, read by Newell Ford yester
day afternoon, proved very enter
taining. The reading was held un
der the auspices of the Department
of English, in the Briggs Room, Hu
manities Building.
As a part of the regular Tuesday
afternoon readings of poetry, this
meeting was held from 4:15 to 5.
Those members of the faculty and
student body who attended thor
oughly enjoyed the selections. —
Glickman
