# REHMUS TO SPEAK
## 
### 
"Trends in Education" will be the
subject of Paul A. Rehmus. Ohio
school superintendent, at the regu
lar Thursday evening education
program in Cubberlev Auditorium.
"Trends in Education" will be the
subject of Paul A. Rehmus. Ohio
school superintendent, at the regu
lar Thursday evening education
program in Cubberlev Auditorium.
"Trends in Education" will be the
subject of Paul A. Rehmus. Ohio
school superintendent, at the regu
lar Thursday evening education
program in Cubberlev Auditorium.
"Trends in Education" will be the
subject of Paul A. Rehmus. Ohio
school superintendent, at the regu
lar Thursday evening education
program in Cubberlev Auditorium.
"Trends in Education" will be the
subject of Paul A. Rehmus. Ohio
school superintendent, at the regu
lar Thursday evening education
program in Cubberlev Auditorium.
"Trends in Education" will be the
subject of Paul A. Rehmus. Ohio
school superintendent, at the regu
lar Thursday evening education
program in Cubberlev Auditorium.
"Trends in Education" will be the
subject of Paul A. Rehmus. Ohio
school superintendent, at the regu
lar Thursday evening education
program in Cubberlev Auditorium.
"Trends in Education" will be the
subject of Paul A. Rehmus. Ohio
school superintendent, at the regu
lar Thursday evening education
program in Cubberlev Auditorium.
"Trends in Education" will be the
subject of Paul A. Rehmus. Ohio
school superintendent, at the regu
lar Thursday evening education
program in Cubberlev Auditorium.
"Trends in Education" will be the
subject of Paul A. Rehmus. Ohio
school superintendent, at the regu
lar Thursday evening education
program in Cubberlev Auditorium.
"Trends in Education" will be the
subject of Paul A. Rehmus. Ohio
school superintendent, at the regu
lar Thursday evening education
program in Cubberlev Auditorium.
"Trends in Education" will be the
subject of Paul A. Rehmus. Ohio
school superintendent, at the regu
lar Thursday evening education
program in Cubberlev Auditorium.
"Trends in Education" will be the
subject of Paul A. Rehmus. Ohio
school superintendent, at the regu
lar Thursday evening education
program in Cubberlev Auditorium.
"Trends in Education" will be the
subject of Paul A. Rehmus. Ohio
school superintendent, at the regu
lar Thursday evening education
program in Cubberlev Auditorium.
"Trends in Education" will be the
subject of Paul A. Rehmus. Ohio
school superintendent, at the regu
lar Thursday evening education
program in Cubberlev Auditorium.
