# SENIOR PROGRAMS
## 
### 
Sale of Senior Week programs will be
continued until next Monday, according
to Dick Guggenhime. Previous announce
ments stated that the sale would stop
yesterday. Continuance of the sale is
due to the fact that at the present time
the number of programs sold is greatly
below the number sold last year at this
time.
Sale of Senior Week programs will be
continued until next Monday, according
to Dick Guggenhime. Previous announce
ments stated that the sale would stop
yesterday. Continuance of the sale is
due to the fact that at the present time
the number of programs sold is greatly
below the number sold last year at this
time.
Sale of Senior Week programs will be
continued until next Monday, according
to Dick Guggenhime. Previous announce
ments stated that the sale would stop
yesterday. Continuance of the sale is
due to the fact that at the present time
the number of programs sold is greatly
below the number sold last year at this
time.
Sale of Senior Week programs will be
continued until next Monday, according
to Dick Guggenhime. Previous announce
ments stated that the sale would stop
yesterday. Continuance of the sale is
due to the fact that at the present time
the number of programs sold is greatly
below the number sold last year at this
time.
Sale of Senior Week programs will be
continued until next Monday, according
to Dick Guggenhime. Previous announce
ments stated that the sale would stop
yesterday. Continuance of the sale is
due to the fact that at the present time
the number of programs sold is greatly
below the number sold last year at this
time.
Sale of Senior Week programs will be
continued until next Monday, according
to Dick Guggenhime. Previous announce
ments stated that the sale would stop
yesterday. Continuance of the sale is
due to the fact that at the present time
the number of programs sold is greatly
below the number sold last year at this
time.
Sale of Senior Week programs will be
continued until next Monday, according
to Dick Guggenhime. Previous announce
ments stated that the sale would stop
yesterday. Continuance of the sale is
due to the fact that at the present time
the number of programs sold is greatly
below the number sold last year at this
time.
Sale of Senior Week programs will be
continued until next Monday, according
to Dick Guggenhime. Previous announce
ments stated that the sale would stop
yesterday. Continuance of the sale is
due to the fact that at the present time
the number of programs sold is greatly
below the number sold last year at this
time.
Sale of Senior Week programs will be
continued until next Monday, according
to Dick Guggenhime. Previous announce
ments stated that the sale would stop
yesterday. Continuance of the sale is
due to the fact that at the present time
the number of programs sold is greatly
below the number sold last year at this
time.
Sale of Senior Week programs will be
continued until next Monday, according
to Dick Guggenhime. Previous announce
ments stated that the sale would stop
yesterday. Continuance of the sale is
due to the fact that at the present time
the number of programs sold is greatly
below the number sold last year at this
time.
Sale of Senior Week programs will be
continued until next Monday, according
to Dick Guggenhime. Previous announce
ments stated that the sale would stop
yesterday. Continuance of the sale is
due to the fact that at the present time
the number of programs sold is greatly
below the number sold last year at this
time.
Sale of Senior Week programs will be
continued until next Monday, according
to Dick Guggenhime. Previous announce
ments stated that the sale would stop
yesterday. Continuance of the sale is
due to the fact that at the present time
the number of programs sold is greatly
below the number sold last year at this
time.
Sale of Senior Week programs will be
continued until next Monday, according
to Dick Guggenhime. Previous announce
ments stated that the sale would stop
yesterday. Continuance of the sale is
due to the fact that at the present time
the number of programs sold is greatly
below the number sold last year at this
time.
Sale of Senior Week programs will be
continued until next Monday, according
to Dick Guggenhime. Previous announce
ments stated that the sale would stop
yesterday. Continuance of the sale is
due to the fact that at the present time
the number of programs sold is greatly
below the number sold last year at this
time.
Sale of Senior Week programs will be
continued until next Monday, according
to Dick Guggenhime. Previous announce
ments stated that the sale would stop
yesterday. Continuance of the sale is
due to the fact that at the present time
the number of programs sold is greatly
below the number sold last year at this
time.
Sale of Senior Week programs will be
continued until next Monday, according
to Dick Guggenhime. Previous announce
ments stated that the sale would stop
yesterday. Continuance of the sale is
due to the fact that at the present time
the number of programs sold is greatly
below the number sold last year at this
time.
