# Prom Programs And Decorations Follow Modernistic Theme
## 
### 
Junior Prom bids will be on sale to
seniors from 1 o'clock to 3 o'clock today
and tomorrow. Third-year men may still
purchase bids, and the sale will be thrown
open to all classes next week. More than
one hundred prom bids have been sold,
according to Dean Morrison, general
chairman of junior week.
Jack Swales' University of California
orchestra will forsake the Berkeley cam
pus May 10 to furnish music at the .Prom.
Swales and his musicians are arranging
several special numbers for this event.
Modernistic decorations, consisting of
John Held Jr. collegiate silhouettes, will
transform the pavilion. The athlete and
Phi Bete, the queener and the rough, and
the professor and co-ed will all be repre
sented in black and silver. The program
design also follows the black and silver
silhouette idea.
■■
