# Adv. 30 Page 9
## 
### 
WANTED-SUBJECTS
Research Subjects Wanted. Earn
$20 for a 75-min. session.
Participants must be either
smokers, people who have never
smoked, or users of smokeless
tobacco Call 650-859-3729 for
confidential appointment.
Don't
Be
A Weenie.
Read
The
Daily.
WANTED-SUBJECTS
Research Subjects Wanted. Earn
$20 for a 75-min. session.
Participants must be either
smokers, people who have never
smoked, or users of smokeless
tobacco Call 650-859-3729 for
confidential appointment.
Don't
Be
A Weenie.
Read
The
Daily.
WANTED-SUBJECTS
Research Subjects Wanted. Earn
$20 for a 75-min. session.
Participants must be either
smokers, people who have never
smoked, or users of smokeless
tobacco Call 650-859-3729 for
confidential appointment.
Don't
Be
A Weenie.
Read
The
Daily.
WANTED-SUBJECTS
Research Subjects Wanted. Earn
$20 for a 75-min. session.
Participants must be either
smokers, people who have never
smoked, or users of smokeless
tobacco Call 650-859-3729 for
confidential appointment.
Don't
Be
A Weenie.
Read
The
Daily.
WANTED-SUBJECTS
Research Subjects Wanted. Earn
$20 for a 75-min. session.
Participants must be either
smokers, people who have never
smoked, or users of smokeless
tobacco Call 650-859-3729 for
confidential appointment.
Don't
Be
A Weenie.
Read
The
Daily.
