# REGISTRATION BREAKS RECORD
## 
### 
Statistics secured from the Regis
trar's office for the first two days of
registration show an increase of
twenty-three new students over the
enrollment last year at this time. At
the close of registration yesterday af
ternoon r>f>2 new men and women had
registered, while last fall there were
5.'59. This includes transfers and ad
vanced students as well as freshmen,
no separate figures being available at
this time.
Statistics secured from the Regis
trar's office for the first two days of
registration show an increase of
twenty-three new students over the
enrollment last year at this time. At
the close of registration yesterday af
ternoon r>f>2 new men and women had
registered, while last fall there were
5.'59. This includes transfers and ad
vanced students as well as freshmen,
no separate figures being available at
this time.
Statistics secured from the Regis
trar's office for the first two days of
registration show an increase of
twenty-three new students over the
enrollment last year at this time. At
the close of registration yesterday af
ternoon r>f>2 new men and women had
registered, while last fall there were
5.'59. This includes transfers and ad
vanced students as well as freshmen,
no separate figures being available at
this time.
Statistics secured from the Regis
trar's office for the first two days of
registration show an increase of
twenty-three new students over the
enrollment last year at this time. At
the close of registration yesterday af
ternoon r>f>2 new men and women had
registered, while last fall there were
5.'59. This includes transfers and ad
vanced students as well as freshmen,
no separate figures being available at
this time.
Statistics secured from the Regis
trar's office for the first two days of
registration show an increase of
twenty-three new students over the
enrollment last year at this time. At
the close of registration yesterday af
ternoon r>f>2 new men and women had
registered, while last fall there were
5.'59. This includes transfers and ad
vanced students as well as freshmen,
no separate figures being available at
this time.
Statistics secured from the Regis
trar's office for the first two days of
registration show an increase of
twenty-three new students over the
enrollment last year at this time. At
the close of registration yesterday af
ternoon r>f>2 new men and women had
registered, while last fall there were
5.'59. This includes transfers and ad
vanced students as well as freshmen,
no separate figures being available at
this time.
Statistics secured from the Regis
trar's office for the first two days of
registration show an increase of
twenty-three new students over the
enrollment last year at this time. At
the close of registration yesterday af
ternoon r>f>2 new men and women had
registered, while last fall there were
5.'59. This includes transfers and ad
vanced students as well as freshmen,
no separate figures being available at
this time.
Statistics secured from the Regis
trar's office for the first two days of
registration show an increase of
twenty-three new students over the
enrollment last year at this time. At
the close of registration yesterday af
ternoon r>f>2 new men and women had
registered, while last fall there were
5.'59. This includes transfers and ad
vanced students as well as freshmen,
no separate figures being available at
this time.
Statistics secured from the Regis
trar's office for the first two days of
registration show an increase of
twenty-three new students over the
enrollment last year at this time. At
the close of registration yesterday af
ternoon r>f>2 new men and women had
registered, while last fall there were
5.'59. This includes transfers and ad
vanced students as well as freshmen,
no separate figures being available at
this time.
Statistics secured from the Regis
trar's office for the first two days of
registration show an increase of
twenty-three new students over the
enrollment last year at this time. At
the close of registration yesterday af
ternoon r>f>2 new men and women had
registered, while last fall there were
5.'59. This includes transfers and ad
vanced students as well as freshmen,
no separate figures being available at
this time.
Statistics secured from the Regis
trar's office for the first two days of
registration show an increase of
twenty-three new students over the
enrollment last year at this time. At
the close of registration yesterday af
ternoon r>f>2 new men and women had
registered, while last fall there were
5.'59. This includes transfers and ad
vanced students as well as freshmen,
no separate figures being available at
this time.
Statistics secured from the Regis
trar's office for the first two days of
registration show an increase of
twenty-three new students over the
enrollment last year at this time. At
the close of registration yesterday af
ternoon r>f>2 new men and women had
registered, while last fall there were
5.'59. This includes transfers and ad
vanced students as well as freshmen,
no separate figures being available at
this time.
Statistics secured from the Regis
trar's office for the first two days of
registration show an increase of
twenty-three new students over the
enrollment last year at this time. At
the close of registration yesterday af
ternoon r>f>2 new men and women had
registered, while last fall there were
5.'59. This includes transfers and ad
vanced students as well as freshmen,
no separate figures being available at
this time.
