# Three-Thirty Is Time Set for Annual Tie-up
## Two Classes Will Gather a Half Hour Before the Fray Begins. 
### 
Freshman green will meet sopho
more red in the annual underclass
rush tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 on
the footabll field. The classes will
gather for the fray at three o'clock,
the sophomores on the lawn in front
of Encina Hall and the Freshmen on
the field where the old gymnasium
stood. The customary muslin ban
dages will be on hand. Juniors will
take charge of the yearlings, daubing
them with baby green and giving them
pointers on fight organization. All
varsity "S" men are requested to be
on the football field by three o'clock.
Student Advisor S. S. Simonson, '15,
gave the first year men a talk this
afternoon at the f.reshmen meeting,
advising them concerning student gov
ernment and the responsibilities of
freshmen. He explained the laws and
regulations now in force as regards
order on the campus, and convinced
his listeners that a smile was no
license fo.r indecency. The student
advisor then appointed an executive
committee to take charge of the
further belligerent operations of the
class.
President of the student body, P. R.
Wilson, '16, urged the newcomers to
join the student body, pay their dues,
and take out membership in the Union.
One hundred and fifty vengeful red
hats last night scoured the campus
for"the enemy." They first tasted
green blood on the lawn in front of
the northwest corner of the Quad
where a body of sixty freshmen was
annihilated. Half of this number, re
fusing to be satisfied with this bat
tle, gathered thirty minutes later in
the tar weeds near Roble and chal
lenged the sophomore advance. Their
defeat ended the fighting fo.r the
evening.
Freshman green will meet sopho
more red in the annual underclass
rush tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 on
the footabll field. The classes will
gather for the fray at three o'clock,
the sophomores on the lawn in front
of Encina Hall and the Freshmen on
the field where the old gymnasium
stood. The customary muslin ban
dages will be on hand. Juniors will
take charge of the yearlings, daubing
them with baby green and giving them
pointers on fight organization. All
varsity "S" men are requested to be
on the football field by three o'clock.
Student Advisor S. S. Simonson, '15,
gave the first year men a talk this
afternoon at the f.reshmen meeting,
advising them concerning student gov
ernment and the responsibilities of
freshmen. He explained the laws and
regulations now in force as regards
order on the campus, and convinced
his listeners that a smile was no
license fo.r indecency. The student
advisor then appointed an executive
committee to take charge of the
further belligerent operations of the
class.
President of the student body, P. R.
Wilson, '16, urged the newcomers to
join the student body, pay their dues,
and take out membership in the Union.
One hundred and fifty vengeful red
hats last night scoured the campus
for"the enemy." They first tasted
green blood on the lawn in front of
the northwest corner of the Quad
where a body of sixty freshmen was
annihilated. Half of this number, re
fusing to be satisfied with this bat
tle, gathered thirty minutes later in
the tar weeds near Roble and chal
lenged the sophomore advance. Their
defeat ended the fighting fo.r the
evening.
Freshman green will meet sopho
more red in the annual underclass
rush tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 on
the footabll field. The classes will
gather for the fray at three o'clock,
the sophomores on the lawn in front
of Encina Hall and the Freshmen on
the field where the old gymnasium
stood. The customary muslin ban
dages will be on hand. Juniors will
take charge of the yearlings, daubing
them with baby green and giving them
pointers on fight organization. All
varsity "S" men are requested to be
on the football field by three o'clock.
Student Advisor S. S. Simonson, '15,
gave the first year men a talk this
afternoon at the f.reshmen meeting,
advising them concerning student gov
ernment and the responsibilities of
freshmen. He explained the laws and
regulations now in force as regards
order on the campus, and convinced
his listeners that a smile was no
license fo.r indecency. The student
advisor then appointed an executive
committee to take charge of the
further belligerent operations of the
class.
President of the student body, P. R.
Wilson, '16, urged the newcomers to
join the student body, pay their dues,
and take out membership in the Union.
One hundred and fifty vengeful red
hats last night scoured the campus
for"the enemy." They first tasted
green blood on the lawn in front of
the northwest corner of the Quad
where a body of sixty freshmen was
annihilated. Half of this number, re
fusing to be satisfied with this bat
tle, gathered thirty minutes later in
the tar weeds near Roble and chal
lenged the sophomore advance. Their
defeat ended the fighting fo.r the
evening.
Freshman green will meet sopho
more red in the annual underclass
rush tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 on
the footabll field. The classes will
gather for the fray at three o'clock,
the sophomores on the lawn in front
of Encina Hall and the Freshmen on
the field where the old gymnasium
stood. The customary muslin ban
dages will be on hand. Juniors will
take charge of the yearlings, daubing
them with baby green and giving them
pointers on fight organization. All
varsity "S" men are requested to be
on the football field by three o'clock.
Student Advisor S. S. Simonson, '15,
gave the first year men a talk this
afternoon at the f.reshmen meeting,
advising them concerning student gov
ernment and the responsibilities of
freshmen. He explained the laws and
regulations now in force as regards
order on the campus, and convinced
his listeners that a smile was no
license fo.r indecency. The student
advisor then appointed an executive
committee to take charge of the
further belligerent operations of the
class.
President of the student body, P. R.
Wilson, '16, urged the newcomers to
join the student body, pay their dues,
and take out membership in the Union.
One hundred and fifty vengeful red
hats last night scoured the campus
for"the enemy." They first tasted
green blood on the lawn in front of
the northwest corner of the Quad
where a body of sixty freshmen was
annihilated. Half of this number, re
fusing to be satisfied with this bat
tle, gathered thirty minutes later in
the tar weeds near Roble and chal
lenged the sophomore advance. Their
defeat ended the fighting fo.r the
evening.
Freshman green will meet sopho
more red in the annual underclass
rush tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 on
the footabll field. The classes will
gather for the fray at three o'clock,
the sophomores on the lawn in front
of Encina Hall and the Freshmen on
the field where the old gymnasium
stood. The customary muslin ban
dages will be on hand. Juniors will
take charge of the yearlings, daubing
them with baby green and giving them
pointers on fight organization. All
varsity "S" men are requested to be
on the football field by three o'clock.
Student Advisor S. S. Simonson, '15,
gave the first year men a talk this
afternoon at the f.reshmen meeting,
advising them concerning student gov
ernment and the responsibilities of
freshmen. He explained the laws and
regulations now in force as regards
order on the campus, and convinced
his listeners that a smile was no
license fo.r indecency. The student
advisor then appointed an executive
committee to take charge of the
further belligerent operations of the
class.
President of the student body, P. R.
Wilson, '16, urged the newcomers to
join the student body, pay their dues,
and take out membership in the Union.
One hundred and fifty vengeful red
hats last night scoured the campus
for"the enemy." They first tasted
green blood on the lawn in front of
the northwest corner of the Quad
where a body of sixty freshmen was
annihilated. Half of this number, re
fusing to be satisfied with this bat
tle, gathered thirty minutes later in
the tar weeds near Roble and chal
lenged the sophomore advance. Their
defeat ended the fighting fo.r the
evening.
Freshman green will meet sopho
more red in the annual underclass
rush tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 on
the footabll field. The classes will
gather for the fray at three o'clock,
the sophomores on the lawn in front
of Encina Hall and the Freshmen on
the field where the old gymnasium
stood. The customary muslin ban
dages will be on hand. Juniors will
take charge of the yearlings, daubing
them with baby green and giving them
pointers on fight organization. All
varsity "S" men are requested to be
on the football field by three o'clock.
Student Advisor S. S. Simonson, '15,
gave the first year men a talk this
afternoon at the f.reshmen meeting,
advising them concerning student gov
ernment and the responsibilities of
freshmen. He explained the laws and
regulations now in force as regards
order on the campus, and convinced
his listeners that a smile was no
license fo.r indecency. The student
advisor then appointed an executive
committee to take charge of the
further belligerent operations of the
class.
President of the student body, P. R.
Wilson, '16, urged the newcomers to
join the student body, pay their dues,
and take out membership in the Union.
One hundred and fifty vengeful red
hats last night scoured the campus
for"the enemy." They first tasted
green blood on the lawn in front of
the northwest corner of the Quad
where a body of sixty freshmen was
annihilated. Half of this number, re
fusing to be satisfied with this bat
tle, gathered thirty minutes later in
the tar weeds near Roble and chal
lenged the sophomore advance. Their
defeat ended the fighting fo.r the
evening.
Freshman green will meet sopho
more red in the annual underclass
rush tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 on
the footabll field. The classes will
gather for the fray at three o'clock,
the sophomores on the lawn in front
of Encina Hall and the Freshmen on
the field where the old gymnasium
stood. The customary muslin ban
dages will be on hand. Juniors will
take charge of the yearlings, daubing
them with baby green and giving them
pointers on fight organization. All
varsity "S" men are requested to be
on the football field by three o'clock.
Student Advisor S. S. Simonson, '15,
gave the first year men a talk this
afternoon at the f.reshmen meeting,
advising them concerning student gov
ernment and the responsibilities of
freshmen. He explained the laws and
regulations now in force as regards
order on the campus, and convinced
his listeners that a smile was no
license fo.r indecency. The student
advisor then appointed an executive
committee to take charge of the
further belligerent operations of the
class.
President of the student body, P. R.
Wilson, '16, urged the newcomers to
join the student body, pay their dues,
and take out membership in the Union.
One hundred and fifty vengeful red
hats last night scoured the campus
for"the enemy." They first tasted
green blood on the lawn in front of
the northwest corner of the Quad
where a body of sixty freshmen was
annihilated. Half of this number, re
fusing to be satisfied with this bat
tle, gathered thirty minutes later in
the tar weeds near Roble and chal
lenged the sophomore advance. Their
defeat ended the fighting fo.r the
evening.
Freshman green will meet sopho
more red in the annual underclass
rush tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 on
the footabll field. The classes will
gather for the fray at three o'clock,
the sophomores on the lawn in front
of Encina Hall and the Freshmen on
the field where the old gymnasium
stood. The customary muslin ban
dages will be on hand. Juniors will
take charge of the yearlings, daubing
them with baby green and giving them
pointers on fight organization. All
varsity "S" men are requested to be
on the football field by three o'clock.
Student Advisor S. S. Simonson, '15,
gave the first year men a talk this
afternoon at the f.reshmen meeting,
advising them concerning student gov
ernment and the responsibilities of
freshmen. He explained the laws and
regulations now in force as regards
order on the campus, and convinced
his listeners that a smile was no
license fo.r indecency. The student
advisor then appointed an executive
committee to take charge of the
further belligerent operations of the
class.
President of the student body, P. R.
Wilson, '16, urged the newcomers to
join the student body, pay their dues,
and take out membership in the Union.
One hundred and fifty vengeful red
hats last night scoured the campus
for"the enemy." They first tasted
green blood on the lawn in front of
the northwest corner of the Quad
where a body of sixty freshmen was
annihilated. Half of this number, re
fusing to be satisfied with this bat
tle, gathered thirty minutes later in
the tar weeds near Roble and chal
lenged the sophomore advance. Their
defeat ended the fighting fo.r the
evening.
Freshman green will meet sopho
more red in the annual underclass
rush tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 on
the footabll field. The classes will
gather for the fray at three o'clock,
the sophomores on the lawn in front
of Encina Hall and the Freshmen on
the field where the old gymnasium
stood. The customary muslin ban
dages will be on hand. Juniors will
take charge of the yearlings, daubing
them with baby green and giving them
pointers on fight organization. All
varsity "S" men are requested to be
on the football field by three o'clock.
Student Advisor S. S. Simonson, '15,
gave the first year men a talk this
afternoon at the f.reshmen meeting,
advising them concerning student gov
ernment and the responsibilities of
freshmen. He explained the laws and
regulations now in force as regards
order on the campus, and convinced
his listeners that a smile was no
license fo.r indecency. The student
advisor then appointed an executive
committee to take charge of the
further belligerent operations of the
class.
President of the student body, P. R.
Wilson, '16, urged the newcomers to
join the student body, pay their dues,
and take out membership in the Union.
One hundred and fifty vengeful red
hats last night scoured the campus
for"the enemy." They first tasted
green blood on the lawn in front of
the northwest corner of the Quad
where a body of sixty freshmen was
annihilated. Half of this number, re
fusing to be satisfied with this bat
tle, gathered thirty minutes later in
the tar weeds near Roble and chal
lenged the sophomore advance. Their
defeat ended the fighting fo.r the
evening.
Freshman green will meet sopho
more red in the annual underclass
rush tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 on
the footabll field. The classes will
gather for the fray at three o'clock,
the sophomores on the lawn in front
of Encina Hall and the Freshmen on
the field where the old gymnasium
stood. The customary muslin ban
dages will be on hand. Juniors will
take charge of the yearlings, daubing
them with baby green and giving them
pointers on fight organization. All
varsity "S" men are requested to be
on the football field by three o'clock.
Student Advisor S. S. Simonson, '15,
gave the first year men a talk this
afternoon at the f.reshmen meeting,
advising them concerning student gov
ernment and the responsibilities of
freshmen. He explained the laws and
regulations now in force as regards
order on the campus, and convinced
his listeners that a smile was no
license fo.r indecency. The student
advisor then appointed an executive
committee to take charge of the
further belligerent operations of the
class.
President of the student body, P. R.
Wilson, '16, urged the newcomers to
join the student body, pay their dues,
and take out membership in the Union.
One hundred and fifty vengeful red
hats last night scoured the campus
for"the enemy." They first tasted
green blood on the lawn in front of
the northwest corner of the Quad
where a body of sixty freshmen was
annihilated. Half of this number, re
fusing to be satisfied with this bat
tle, gathered thirty minutes later in
the tar weeds near Roble and chal
lenged the sophomore advance. Their
defeat ended the fighting fo.r the
evening.
Freshman green will meet sopho
more red in the annual underclass
rush tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 on
the footabll field. The classes will
gather for the fray at three o'clock,
the sophomores on the lawn in front
of Encina Hall and the Freshmen on
the field where the old gymnasium
stood. The customary muslin ban
dages will be on hand. Juniors will
take charge of the yearlings, daubing
them with baby green and giving them
pointers on fight organization. All
varsity "S" men are requested to be
on the football field by three o'clock.
Student Advisor S. S. Simonson, '15,
gave the first year men a talk this
afternoon at the f.reshmen meeting,
advising them concerning student gov
ernment and the responsibilities of
freshmen. He explained the laws and
regulations now in force as regards
order on the campus, and convinced
his listeners that a smile was no
license fo.r indecency. The student
advisor then appointed an executive
committee to take charge of the
further belligerent operations of the
class.
President of the student body, P. R.
Wilson, '16, urged the newcomers to
join the student body, pay their dues,
and take out membership in the Union.
One hundred and fifty vengeful red
hats last night scoured the campus
for"the enemy." They first tasted
green blood on the lawn in front of
the northwest corner of the Quad
where a body of sixty freshmen was
annihilated. Half of this number, re
fusing to be satisfied with this bat
tle, gathered thirty minutes later in
the tar weeds near Roble and chal
lenged the sophomore advance. Their
defeat ended the fighting fo.r the
evening.
Freshman green will meet sopho
more red in the annual underclass
rush tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 on
the footabll field. The classes will
gather for the fray at three o'clock,
the sophomores on the lawn in front
of Encina Hall and the Freshmen on
the field where the old gymnasium
stood. The customary muslin ban
dages will be on hand. Juniors will
take charge of the yearlings, daubing
them with baby green and giving them
pointers on fight organization. All
varsity "S" men are requested to be
on the football field by three o'clock.
Student Advisor S. S. Simonson, '15,
gave the first year men a talk this
afternoon at the f.reshmen meeting,
advising them concerning student gov
ernment and the responsibilities of
freshmen. He explained the laws and
regulations now in force as regards
order on the campus, and convinced
his listeners that a smile was no
license fo.r indecency. The student
advisor then appointed an executive
committee to take charge of the
further belligerent operations of the
class.
President of the student body, P. R.
Wilson, '16, urged the newcomers to
join the student body, pay their dues,
and take out membership in the Union.
One hundred and fifty vengeful red
hats last night scoured the campus
for"the enemy." They first tasted
green blood on the lawn in front of
the northwest corner of the Quad
where a body of sixty freshmen was
annihilated. Half of this number, re
fusing to be satisfied with this bat
tle, gathered thirty minutes later in
the tar weeds near Roble and chal
lenged the sophomore advance. Their
defeat ended the fighting fo.r the
evening.
Freshman green will meet sopho
more red in the annual underclass
rush tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 on
the footabll field. The classes will
gather for the fray at three o'clock,
the sophomores on the lawn in front
of Encina Hall and the Freshmen on
the field where the old gymnasium
stood. The customary muslin ban
dages will be on hand. Juniors will
take charge of the yearlings, daubing
them with baby green and giving them
pointers on fight organization. All
varsity "S" men are requested to be
on the football field by three o'clock.
Student Advisor S. S. Simonson, '15,
gave the first year men a talk this
afternoon at the f.reshmen meeting,
advising them concerning student gov
ernment and the responsibilities of
freshmen. He explained the laws and
regulations now in force as regards
order on the campus, and convinced
his listeners that a smile was no
license fo.r indecency. The student
advisor then appointed an executive
committee to take charge of the
further belligerent operations of the
class.
President of the student body, P. R.
Wilson, '16, urged the newcomers to
join the student body, pay their dues,
and take out membership in the Union.
One hundred and fifty vengeful red
hats last night scoured the campus
for"the enemy." They first tasted
green blood on the lawn in front of
the northwest corner of the Quad
where a body of sixty freshmen was
annihilated. Half of this number, re
fusing to be satisfied with this bat
tle, gathered thirty minutes later in
the tar weeds near Roble and chal
lenged the sophomore advance. Their
defeat ended the fighting fo.r the
evening.
