# Mazda Lamps in Library Replaced.
## 
### 
Because of the dishonesty of a very
few, the Library has found it neces
sary to replace the Mazda electric
lamps with the carbon variety. Al
though last year a patented lock was
placed on the lamps to prevent their
removal, many lamps were broken by
those who tried to force the locks.
The difference in the price of the
Mazda and carbon lamps is about
thirty cents each. Because of the fre
quency of lamp losses this has come to
be a very considerable item, so until
more honesty is shown by some vis
itors of the Library, the mass of stu
dents will have to be satisfied with
inferior light.
Because of the dishonesty of a very
few, the Library has found it neces
sary to replace the Mazda electric
lamps with the carbon variety. Al
though last year a patented lock was
placed on the lamps to prevent their
removal, many lamps were broken by
those who tried to force the locks.
The difference in the price of the
Mazda and carbon lamps is about
thirty cents each. Because of the fre
quency of lamp losses this has come to
be a very considerable item, so until
more honesty is shown by some vis
itors of the Library, the mass of stu
dents will have to be satisfied with
inferior light.
Because of the dishonesty of a very
few, the Library has found it neces
sary to replace the Mazda electric
lamps with the carbon variety. Al
though last year a patented lock was
placed on the lamps to prevent their
removal, many lamps were broken by
those who tried to force the locks.
The difference in the price of the
Mazda and carbon lamps is about
thirty cents each. Because of the fre
quency of lamp losses this has come to
be a very considerable item, so until
more honesty is shown by some vis
itors of the Library, the mass of stu
dents will have to be satisfied with
inferior light.
Because of the dishonesty of a very
few, the Library has found it neces
sary to replace the Mazda electric
lamps with the carbon variety. Al
though last year a patented lock was
placed on the lamps to prevent their
removal, many lamps were broken by
those who tried to force the locks.
The difference in the price of the
Mazda and carbon lamps is about
thirty cents each. Because of the fre
quency of lamp losses this has come to
be a very considerable item, so until
more honesty is shown by some vis
itors of the Library, the mass of stu
dents will have to be satisfied with
inferior light.
Because of the dishonesty of a very
few, the Library has found it neces
sary to replace the Mazda electric
lamps with the carbon variety. Al
though last year a patented lock was
placed on the lamps to prevent their
removal, many lamps were broken by
those who tried to force the locks.
The difference in the price of the
Mazda and carbon lamps is about
thirty cents each. Because of the fre
quency of lamp losses this has come to
be a very considerable item, so until
more honesty is shown by some vis
itors of the Library, the mass of stu
dents will have to be satisfied with
inferior light.
Because of the dishonesty of a very
few, the Library has found it neces
sary to replace the Mazda electric
lamps with the carbon variety. Al
though last year a patented lock was
placed on the lamps to prevent their
removal, many lamps were broken by
those who tried to force the locks.
The difference in the price of the
Mazda and carbon lamps is about
thirty cents each. Because of the fre
quency of lamp losses this has come to
be a very considerable item, so until
more honesty is shown by some vis
itors of the Library, the mass of stu
dents will have to be satisfied with
inferior light.
Because of the dishonesty of a very
few, the Library has found it neces
sary to replace the Mazda electric
lamps with the carbon variety. Al
though last year a patented lock was
placed on the lamps to prevent their
removal, many lamps were broken by
those who tried to force the locks.
The difference in the price of the
Mazda and carbon lamps is about
thirty cents each. Because of the fre
quency of lamp losses this has come to
be a very considerable item, so until
more honesty is shown by some vis
itors of the Library, the mass of stu
dents will have to be satisfied with
inferior light.
Because of the dishonesty of a very
few, the Library has found it neces
sary to replace the Mazda electric
lamps with the carbon variety. Al
though last year a patented lock was
placed on the lamps to prevent their
removal, many lamps were broken by
those who tried to force the locks.
The difference in the price of the
Mazda and carbon lamps is about
thirty cents each. Because of the fre
quency of lamp losses this has come to
be a very considerable item, so until
more honesty is shown by some vis
itors of the Library, the mass of stu
dents will have to be satisfied with
inferior light.
Because of the dishonesty of a very
few, the Library has found it neces
sary to replace the Mazda electric
lamps with the carbon variety. Al
though last year a patented lock was
placed on the lamps to prevent their
removal, many lamps were broken by
those who tried to force the locks.
The difference in the price of the
Mazda and carbon lamps is about
thirty cents each. Because of the fre
quency of lamp losses this has come to
be a very considerable item, so until
more honesty is shown by some vis
itors of the Library, the mass of stu
dents will have to be satisfied with
inferior light.
Because of the dishonesty of a very
few, the Library has found it neces
sary to replace the Mazda electric
lamps with the carbon variety. Al
though last year a patented lock was
placed on the lamps to prevent their
removal, many lamps were broken by
those who tried to force the locks.
The difference in the price of the
Mazda and carbon lamps is about
thirty cents each. Because of the fre
quency of lamp losses this has come to
be a very considerable item, so until
more honesty is shown by some vis
itors of the Library, the mass of stu
dents will have to be satisfied with
inferior light.
Because of the dishonesty of a very
few, the Library has found it neces
sary to replace the Mazda electric
lamps with the carbon variety. Al
though last year a patented lock was
placed on the lamps to prevent their
removal, many lamps were broken by
those who tried to force the locks.
The difference in the price of the
Mazda and carbon lamps is about
thirty cents each. Because of the fre
quency of lamp losses this has come to
be a very considerable item, so until
more honesty is shown by some vis
itors of the Library, the mass of stu
dents will have to be satisfied with
inferior light.
Because of the dishonesty of a very
few, the Library has found it neces
sary to replace the Mazda electric
lamps with the carbon variety. Al
though last year a patented lock was
placed on the lamps to prevent their
removal, many lamps were broken by
those who tried to force the locks.
The difference in the price of the
Mazda and carbon lamps is about
thirty cents each. Because of the fre
quency of lamp losses this has come to
be a very considerable item, so until
more honesty is shown by some vis
itors of the Library, the mass of stu
dents will have to be satisfied with
inferior light.
Because of the dishonesty of a very
few, the Library has found it neces
sary to replace the Mazda electric
lamps with the carbon variety. Al
though last year a patented lock was
placed on the lamps to prevent their
removal, many lamps were broken by
those who tried to force the locks.
The difference in the price of the
Mazda and carbon lamps is about
thirty cents each. Because of the fre
quency of lamp losses this has come to
be a very considerable item, so until
more honesty is shown by some vis
itors of the Library, the mass of stu
dents will have to be satisfied with
inferior light.
