# Universities May Meet in Fencing.
## 
### 
The present intercollegiate disagree
ment will have no effect upon fencing
contests between the two universities,
and in all probability there will be
both men's and women's bouts. Cali
fornia fencers have issued a call for
recruits.
The present intercollegiate disagree
ment will have no effect upon fencing
contests between the two universities,
and in all probability there will be
both men's and women's bouts. Cali
fornia fencers have issued a call for
recruits.
The present intercollegiate disagree
ment will have no effect upon fencing
contests between the two universities,
and in all probability there will be
both men's and women's bouts. Cali
fornia fencers have issued a call for
recruits.
The present intercollegiate disagree
ment will have no effect upon fencing
contests between the two universities,
and in all probability there will be
both men's and women's bouts. Cali
fornia fencers have issued a call for
recruits.
The present intercollegiate disagree
ment will have no effect upon fencing
contests between the two universities,
and in all probability there will be
both men's and women's bouts. Cali
fornia fencers have issued a call for
recruits.
The present intercollegiate disagree
ment will have no effect upon fencing
contests between the two universities,
and in all probability there will be
both men's and women's bouts. Cali
fornia fencers have issued a call for
recruits.
The present intercollegiate disagree
ment will have no effect upon fencing
contests between the two universities,
and in all probability there will be
both men's and women's bouts. Cali
fornia fencers have issued a call for
recruits.
The present intercollegiate disagree
ment will have no effect upon fencing
contests between the two universities,
and in all probability there will be
both men's and women's bouts. Cali
fornia fencers have issued a call for
recruits.
The present intercollegiate disagree
ment will have no effect upon fencing
contests between the two universities,
and in all probability there will be
both men's and women's bouts. Cali
fornia fencers have issued a call for
recruits.
The present intercollegiate disagree
ment will have no effect upon fencing
contests between the two universities,
and in all probability there will be
both men's and women's bouts. Cali
fornia fencers have issued a call for
recruits.
The present intercollegiate disagree
ment will have no effect upon fencing
contests between the two universities,
and in all probability there will be
both men's and women's bouts. Cali
fornia fencers have issued a call for
recruits.
The present intercollegiate disagree
ment will have no effect upon fencing
contests between the two universities,
and in all probability there will be
both men's and women's bouts. Cali
fornia fencers have issued a call for
recruits.
The present intercollegiate disagree
ment will have no effect upon fencing
contests between the two universities,
and in all probability there will be
both men's and women's bouts. Cali
fornia fencers have issued a call for
recruits.
