# Plush
## 
### 

Students line up for morning sick cull at Stan
ford's ultra-modern Cowell Student Health
Center, the 48-bed replacement for Alpine
House under the direction of Dr. Maurice Os
borne. As one freshman put it: "It's better
than Wilbur."

Students line up for morning sick cull at Stan
ford's ultra-modern Cowell Student Health
Center, the 48-bed replacement for Alpine
House under the direction of Dr. Maurice Os
borne. As one freshman put it: "It's better
than Wilbur."

Students line up for morning sick cull at Stan
ford's ultra-modern Cowell Student Health
Center, the 48-bed replacement for Alpine
House under the direction of Dr. Maurice Os
borne. As one freshman put it: "It's better
than Wilbur."

Students line up for morning sick cull at Stan
ford's ultra-modern Cowell Student Health
Center, the 48-bed replacement for Alpine
House under the direction of Dr. Maurice Os
borne. As one freshman put it: "It's better
than Wilbur."

Students line up for morning sick cull at Stan
ford's ultra-modern Cowell Student Health
Center, the 48-bed replacement for Alpine
House under the direction of Dr. Maurice Os
borne. As one freshman put it: "It's better
than Wilbur."

Students line up for morning sick cull at Stan
ford's ultra-modern Cowell Student Health
Center, the 48-bed replacement for Alpine
House under the direction of Dr. Maurice Os
borne. As one freshman put it: "It's better
than Wilbur."

Students line up for morning sick cull at Stan
ford's ultra-modern Cowell Student Health
Center, the 48-bed replacement for Alpine
House under the direction of Dr. Maurice Os
borne. As one freshman put it: "It's better
than Wilbur."

Students line up for morning sick cull at Stan
ford's ultra-modern Cowell Student Health
Center, the 48-bed replacement for Alpine
House under the direction of Dr. Maurice Os
borne. As one freshman put it: "It's better
than Wilbur."

Students line up for morning sick cull at Stan
ford's ultra-modern Cowell Student Health
Center, the 48-bed replacement for Alpine
House under the direction of Dr. Maurice Os
borne. As one freshman put it: "It's better
than Wilbur."

Students line up for morning sick cull at Stan
ford's ultra-modern Cowell Student Health
Center, the 48-bed replacement for Alpine
House under the direction of Dr. Maurice Os
borne. As one freshman put it: "It's better
than Wilbur."

Students line up for morning sick cull at Stan
ford's ultra-modern Cowell Student Health
Center, the 48-bed replacement for Alpine
House under the direction of Dr. Maurice Os
borne. As one freshman put it: "It's better
than Wilbur."

Students line up for morning sick cull at Stan
ford's ultra-modern Cowell Student Health
Center, the 48-bed replacement for Alpine
House under the direction of Dr. Maurice Os
borne. As one freshman put it: "It's better
than Wilbur."

Students line up for morning sick cull at Stan
ford's ultra-modern Cowell Student Health
Center, the 48-bed replacement for Alpine
House under the direction of Dr. Maurice Os
borne. As one freshman put it: "It's better
than Wilbur."

Students line up for morning sick cull at Stan
ford's ultra-modern Cowell Student Health
Center, the 48-bed replacement for Alpine
House under the direction of Dr. Maurice Os
borne. As one freshman put it: "It's better
than Wilbur."

Students line up for morning sick cull at Stan
ford's ultra-modern Cowell Student Health
Center, the 48-bed replacement for Alpine
House under the direction of Dr. Maurice Os
borne. As one freshman put it: "It's better
than Wilbur."
