# Cop-Chase Drama Is Sunday Flick
## 
### 
A realistic drama of the British
police force, "The Blue Lamp," will
be this week's Sunday Night Movie.
This documentary-type thriller fol
lows the police as they hunt down
an adolescent murderer. This movie
won the award for the best British
film made last year.
The perennial cartoon and short
will precede the picture. The show
starts 7:30 in Memorial Audito
rium.
A realistic drama of the British
police force, "The Blue Lamp," will
be this week's Sunday Night Movie.
This documentary-type thriller fol
lows the police as they hunt down
an adolescent murderer. This movie
won the award for the best British
film made last year.
The perennial cartoon and short
will precede the picture. The show
starts 7:30 in Memorial Audito
rium.
A realistic drama of the British
police force, "The Blue Lamp," will
be this week's Sunday Night Movie.
This documentary-type thriller fol
lows the police as they hunt down
an adolescent murderer. This movie
won the award for the best British
film made last year.
The perennial cartoon and short
will precede the picture. The show
starts 7:30 in Memorial Audito
rium.
A realistic drama of the British
police force, "The Blue Lamp," will
be this week's Sunday Night Movie.
This documentary-type thriller fol
lows the police as they hunt down
an adolescent murderer. This movie
won the award for the best British
film made last year.
The perennial cartoon and short
will precede the picture. The show
starts 7:30 in Memorial Audito
rium.
A realistic drama of the British
police force, "The Blue Lamp," will
be this week's Sunday Night Movie.
This documentary-type thriller fol
lows the police as they hunt down
an adolescent murderer. This movie
won the award for the best British
film made last year.
The perennial cartoon and short
will precede the picture. The show
starts 7:30 in Memorial Audito
rium.
A realistic drama of the British
police force, "The Blue Lamp," will
be this week's Sunday Night Movie.
This documentary-type thriller fol
lows the police as they hunt down
an adolescent murderer. This movie
won the award for the best British
film made last year.
The perennial cartoon and short
will precede the picture. The show
starts 7:30 in Memorial Audito
rium.
A realistic drama of the British
police force, "The Blue Lamp," will
be this week's Sunday Night Movie.
This documentary-type thriller fol
lows the police as they hunt down
an adolescent murderer. This movie
won the award for the best British
film made last year.
The perennial cartoon and short
will precede the picture. The show
starts 7:30 in Memorial Audito
rium.
A realistic drama of the British
police force, "The Blue Lamp," will
be this week's Sunday Night Movie.
This documentary-type thriller fol
lows the police as they hunt down
an adolescent murderer. This movie
won the award for the best British
film made last year.
The perennial cartoon and short
will precede the picture. The show
starts 7:30 in Memorial Audito
rium.
A realistic drama of the British
police force, "The Blue Lamp," will
be this week's Sunday Night Movie.
This documentary-type thriller fol
lows the police as they hunt down
an adolescent murderer. This movie
won the award for the best British
film made last year.
The perennial cartoon and short
will precede the picture. The show
starts 7:30 in Memorial Audito
rium.
A realistic drama of the British
police force, "The Blue Lamp," will
be this week's Sunday Night Movie.
This documentary-type thriller fol
lows the police as they hunt down
an adolescent murderer. This movie
won the award for the best British
film made last year.
The perennial cartoon and short
will precede the picture. The show
starts 7:30 in Memorial Audito
rium.
A realistic drama of the British
police force, "The Blue Lamp," will
be this week's Sunday Night Movie.
This documentary-type thriller fol
lows the police as they hunt down
an adolescent murderer. This movie
won the award for the best British
film made last year.
The perennial cartoon and short
will precede the picture. The show
starts 7:30 in Memorial Audito
rium.
A realistic drama of the British
police force, "The Blue Lamp," will
be this week's Sunday Night Movie.
This documentary-type thriller fol
lows the police as they hunt down
an adolescent murderer. This movie
won the award for the best British
film made last year.
The perennial cartoon and short
will precede the picture. The show
starts 7:30 in Memorial Audito
rium.
A realistic drama of the British
police force, "The Blue Lamp," will
be this week's Sunday Night Movie.
This documentary-type thriller fol
lows the police as they hunt down
an adolescent murderer. This movie
won the award for the best British
film made last year.
The perennial cartoon and short
will precede the picture. The show
starts 7:30 in Memorial Audito
rium.
A realistic drama of the British
police force, "The Blue Lamp," will
be this week's Sunday Night Movie.
This documentary-type thriller fol
lows the police as they hunt down
an adolescent murderer. This movie
won the award for the best British
film made last year.
The perennial cartoon and short
will precede the picture. The show
starts 7:30 in Memorial Audito
rium.
A realistic drama of the British
police force, "The Blue Lamp," will
be this week's Sunday Night Movie.
This documentary-type thriller fol
lows the police as they hunt down
an adolescent murderer. This movie
won the award for the best British
film made last year.
The perennial cartoon and short
will precede the picture. The show
starts 7:30 in Memorial Audito
rium.
A realistic drama of the British
police force, "The Blue Lamp," will
be this week's Sunday Night Movie.
This documentary-type thriller fol
lows the police as they hunt down
an adolescent murderer. This movie
won the award for the best British
film made last year.
The perennial cartoon and short
will precede the picture. The show
starts 7:30 in Memorial Audito
rium.
