# Scientific Posts
## 
### 
Applications are now being re
ceived by the Oak Ridge School of
Reactoi Technology lor enrollment
in the 1952-53 session. This school
was established at the Oak Ridge
National Laboratory under sponsor
ship of the U.S. Atomic Energy
Commission to provide specialized
training for selected personnel in
the field of reactor theory and tech
nology.
Two classes of students are being
accepted: recent graduates from
universities and representatives
from industry and government ag
encies. A basic requirement for
appointment is a degree in chemis
try, engineering, metallurgy, phys
ics, or engineering physics.
Further information and applica
tion forms may he obtained al the
Student Placement Service, Build
ing 1, Inner Quad.
