# Eucalypto Takes First in Volleyball
## 
### 
In the Lagunita volleyball league,
Eucalypto has remained undefeated
in five games of play, thereby tak
ing first place in this league. Run
ner-up was Casa Granada.
Results of play in the Lagunita
league last night: Adelfa trounced
Granada 2-1 (game score); Olivo de
faulted to Eucalypto.
In the Roble league games played
Tuesday the P.T.'s defeated 2B and
2 center defeated lAâ€”defeats in
both of these games were by de
fault. This puts the P.T.s out in
front of the Ruble league with a
streak of three wins and no losses.
All hough the teams have one more
game to play Tuesday, it appears

that the P.T.s can hold their lead
and meet Euealypto in the league
finals.
Playoffs will end five weeks of
battle between Roble and Lagunita
teams managed by Virginia Law and
Dickie Shainwald.
