# Get Grid Sked At Cellar
## 
### 
Grid fans, those who insist
upon quoting schedules, names
and numbers of all the players,
will be interested in the Ches
terfield grid schedule which is
at the Union Cellar counter for
distribution today. It contains
one schedule of all major na
tional teams, and a separate
line,-up of every college or jun
ior college team in the country.
Grid fans, those who insist
upon quoting schedules, names
and numbers of all the players,
will be interested in the Ches
terfield grid schedule which is
at the Union Cellar counter for
distribution today. It contains
one schedule of all major na
tional teams, and a separate
line,-up of every college or jun
ior college team in the country.
Grid fans, those who insist
upon quoting schedules, names
and numbers of all the players,
will be interested in the Ches
terfield grid schedule which is
at the Union Cellar counter for
distribution today. It contains
one schedule of all major na
tional teams, and a separate
line,-up of every college or jun
ior college team in the country.
Grid fans, those who insist
upon quoting schedules, names
and numbers of all the players,
will be interested in the Ches
terfield grid schedule which is
at the Union Cellar counter for
distribution today. It contains
one schedule of all major na
tional teams, and a separate
line,-up of every college or jun
ior college team in the country.
Grid fans, those who insist
upon quoting schedules, names
and numbers of all the players,
will be interested in the Ches
terfield grid schedule which is
at the Union Cellar counter for
distribution today. It contains
one schedule of all major na
tional teams, and a separate
line,-up of every college or jun
ior college team in the country.
Grid fans, those who insist
upon quoting schedules, names
and numbers of all the players,
will be interested in the Ches
terfield grid schedule which is
at the Union Cellar counter for
distribution today. It contains
one schedule of all major na
tional teams, and a separate
line,-up of every college or jun
ior college team in the country.
Grid fans, those who insist
upon quoting schedules, names
and numbers of all the players,
will be interested in the Ches
terfield grid schedule which is
at the Union Cellar counter for
distribution today. It contains
one schedule of all major na
tional teams, and a separate
line,-up of every college or jun
ior college team in the country.
Grid fans, those who insist
upon quoting schedules, names
and numbers of all the players,
will be interested in the Ches
terfield grid schedule which is
at the Union Cellar counter for
distribution today. It contains
one schedule of all major na
tional teams, and a separate
line,-up of every college or jun
ior college team in the country.
Grid fans, those who insist
upon quoting schedules, names
and numbers of all the players,
will be interested in the Ches
terfield grid schedule which is
at the Union Cellar counter for
distribution today. It contains
one schedule of all major na
tional teams, and a separate
line,-up of every college or jun
ior college team in the country.
Grid fans, those who insist
upon quoting schedules, names
and numbers of all the players,
will be interested in the Ches
terfield grid schedule which is
at the Union Cellar counter for
distribution today. It contains
one schedule of all major na
tional teams, and a separate
line,-up of every college or jun
ior college team in the country.
Grid fans, those who insist
upon quoting schedules, names
and numbers of all the players,
will be interested in the Ches
terfield grid schedule which is
at the Union Cellar counter for
distribution today. It contains
one schedule of all major na
tional teams, and a separate
line,-up of every college or jun
ior college team in the country.
Grid fans, those who insist
upon quoting schedules, names
and numbers of all the players,
will be interested in the Ches
terfield grid schedule which is
at the Union Cellar counter for
distribution today. It contains
one schedule of all major na
tional teams, and a separate
line,-up of every college or jun
ior college team in the country.
Grid fans, those who insist
upon quoting schedules, names
and numbers of all the players,
will be interested in the Ches
terfield grid schedule which is
at the Union Cellar counter for
distribution today. It contains
one schedule of all major na
tional teams, and a separate
line,-up of every college or jun
ior college team in the country.
Grid fans, those who insist
upon quoting schedules, names
and numbers of all the players,
will be interested in the Ches
terfield grid schedule which is
at the Union Cellar counter for
distribution today. It contains
one schedule of all major na
tional teams, and a separate
line,-up of every college or jun
ior college team in the country.
Grid fans, those who insist
upon quoting schedules, names
and numbers of all the players,
will be interested in the Ches
terfield grid schedule which is
at the Union Cellar counter for
distribution today. It contains
one schedule of all major na
tional teams, and a separate
line,-up of every college or jun
ior college team in the country.
