# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Of tl)o number of students at. the
University of Berlin, one fourth are
American.
A glee club consisting of sixteen
women has been organized at the Uni
versity of Chicago.
The University of Michigan is talk
ing of sending a frntbnll team to the
Pacific Const this winter.
Of tl)o number of students at. the
University of Berlin, one fourth are
American.
A glee club consisting of sixteen
women has been organized at the Uni
versity of Chicago.
The University of Michigan is talk
ing of sending a frntbnll team to the
Pacific Const this winter.
Of tl)o number of students at. the
University of Berlin, one fourth are
American.
A glee club consisting of sixteen
women has been organized at the Uni
versity of Chicago.
The University of Michigan is talk
ing of sending a frntbnll team to the
Pacific Const this winter.
