# Overzealous
## 
### 
Roble RAs effusively greet a befuddled freshman Thursday.
Frosh and transfers engaged in a whirlwind four days of ori
entation, from the traditional president's welcome and Sun

day convocation to Noche Tropical and The Band. The only
thing missing this year was the home football game. Please
see pages 3, 8 and 9 for more coverage.


Todd Sitrin/Daily
Roble RAs effusively greet a befuddled freshman Thursday.
Frosh and transfers engaged in a whirlwind four days of ori
entation, from the traditional president's welcome and Sun

day convocation to Noche Tropical and The Band. The only
thing missing this year was the home football game. Please
see pages 3, 8 and 9 for more coverage.


Todd Sitrin/Daily
Roble RAs effusively greet a befuddled freshman Thursday.
Frosh and transfers engaged in a whirlwind four days of ori
entation, from the traditional president's welcome and Sun

day convocation to Noche Tropical and The Band. The only
thing missing this year was the home football game. Please
see pages 3, 8 and 9 for more coverage.


Todd Sitrin/Daily
Roble RAs effusively greet a befuddled freshman Thursday.
Frosh and transfers engaged in a whirlwind four days of ori
entation, from the traditional president's welcome and Sun

day convocation to Noche Tropical and The Band. The only
thing missing this year was the home football game. Please
see pages 3, 8 and 9 for more coverage.


Todd Sitrin/Daily
Roble RAs effusively greet a befuddled freshman Thursday.
Frosh and transfers engaged in a whirlwind four days of ori
entation, from the traditional president's welcome and Sun

day convocation to Noche Tropical and The Band. The only
thing missing this year was the home football game. Please
see pages 3, 8 and 9 for more coverage.


Todd Sitrin/Daily
Roble RAs effusively greet a befuddled freshman Thursday.
Frosh and transfers engaged in a whirlwind four days of ori
entation, from the traditional president's welcome and Sun

day convocation to Noche Tropical and The Band. The only
thing missing this year was the home football game. Please
see pages 3, 8 and 9 for more coverage.


Todd Sitrin/Daily
Roble RAs effusively greet a befuddled freshman Thursday.
Frosh and transfers engaged in a whirlwind four days of ori
entation, from the traditional president's welcome and Sun

day convocation to Noche Tropical and The Band. The only
thing missing this year was the home football game. Please
see pages 3, 8 and 9 for more coverage.


Todd Sitrin/Daily
