# Ad Signers Defend Statement On Sit-In
## 
### 
A full page ad critical of last
week's Old Union sit-in placed
in Monday's Daily was, accord
ing to one of its sponsors, Bob
Cummings, "an attempt to put
the issue before the public."

However, many of the leaders of
the demonstration found the ad
vertisement misleading and con
fusing.
The signers of the ad were,
Fred Sauer, a graduate student
in the Business School, Bob
Cummings, a junior political
science major, and Steve Dun
can, a freshman. All three had
worked together circulating a
petition last week that sup
ported the demands but not the
sit-in.
The ad, which cost $245, was
paid for "largely out of our
own pockets" according to Cum
mings and also with donations
that Sauer had managed to col
lect around the Business School.
Reactions from the demon
stration's leaders varied. Tim
Haight commented, "the quotes
were taken completely out of
context." Marc Sapir, one of the
seven that the IJB had found
guilty, said that the ad con
fused him, and he declined to
make any statement.
Barry Greenberg, another stu
dent whom the IJB found guilty,
thought that the ad made little
sense and said he had no other
comment. Steve Weissman, who
led many of the student meet
ings, declared, "We're glad to
see that the signers thought it
important that my views be in
the paper."
A full page ad critical of last
week's Old Union sit-in placed
in Monday's Daily was, accord
ing to one of its sponsors, Bob
Cummings, "an attempt to put
the issue before the public."

However, many of the leaders of
the demonstration found the ad
vertisement misleading and con
fusing.
The signers of the ad were,
Fred Sauer, a graduate student
in the Business School, Bob
Cummings, a junior political
science major, and Steve Dun
can, a freshman. All three had
worked together circulating a
petition last week that sup
ported the demands but not the
sit-in.
The ad, which cost $245, was
paid for "largely out of our
own pockets" according to Cum
mings and also with donations
that Sauer had managed to col
lect around the Business School.
Reactions from the demon
stration's leaders varied. Tim
Haight commented, "the quotes
were taken completely out of
context." Marc Sapir, one of the
seven that the IJB had found
guilty, said that the ad con
fused him, and he declined to
make any statement.
Barry Greenberg, another stu
dent whom the IJB found guilty,
thought that the ad made little
sense and said he had no other
comment. Steve Weissman, who
led many of the student meet
ings, declared, "We're glad to
see that the signers thought it
important that my views be in
the paper."
A full page ad critical of last
week's Old Union sit-in placed
in Monday's Daily was, accord
ing to one of its sponsors, Bob
Cummings, "an attempt to put
the issue before the public."

However, many of the leaders of
the demonstration found the ad
vertisement misleading and con
fusing.
The signers of the ad were,
Fred Sauer, a graduate student
in the Business School, Bob
Cummings, a junior political
science major, and Steve Dun
can, a freshman. All three had
worked together circulating a
petition last week that sup
ported the demands but not the
sit-in.
The ad, which cost $245, was
paid for "largely out of our
own pockets" according to Cum
mings and also with donations
that Sauer had managed to col
lect around the Business School.
Reactions from the demon
stration's leaders varied. Tim
Haight commented, "the quotes
were taken completely out of
context." Marc Sapir, one of the
seven that the IJB had found
guilty, said that the ad con
fused him, and he declined to
make any statement.
Barry Greenberg, another stu
dent whom the IJB found guilty,
thought that the ad made little
sense and said he had no other
comment. Steve Weissman, who
led many of the student meet
ings, declared, "We're glad to
see that the signers thought it
important that my views be in
the paper."
A full page ad critical of last
week's Old Union sit-in placed
in Monday's Daily was, accord
ing to one of its sponsors, Bob
Cummings, "an attempt to put
the issue before the public."

However, many of the leaders of
the demonstration found the ad
vertisement misleading and con
fusing.
The signers of the ad were,
Fred Sauer, a graduate student
in the Business School, Bob
Cummings, a junior political
science major, and Steve Dun
can, a freshman. All three had
worked together circulating a
petition last week that sup
ported the demands but not the
sit-in.
The ad, which cost $245, was
paid for "largely out of our
own pockets" according to Cum
mings and also with donations
that Sauer had managed to col
lect around the Business School.
Reactions from the demon
stration's leaders varied. Tim
Haight commented, "the quotes
were taken completely out of
context." Marc Sapir, one of the
seven that the IJB had found
guilty, said that the ad con
fused him, and he declined to
make any statement.
Barry Greenberg, another stu
dent whom the IJB found guilty,
thought that the ad made little
sense and said he had no other
comment. Steve Weissman, who
led many of the student meet
ings, declared, "We're glad to
see that the signers thought it
important that my views be in
the paper."
A full page ad critical of last
week's Old Union sit-in placed
in Monday's Daily was, accord
ing to one of its sponsors, Bob
Cummings, "an attempt to put
the issue before the public."

However, many of the leaders of
the demonstration found the ad
vertisement misleading and con
fusing.
The signers of the ad were,
Fred Sauer, a graduate student
in the Business School, Bob
Cummings, a junior political
science major, and Steve Dun
can, a freshman. All three had
worked together circulating a
petition last week that sup
ported the demands but not the
sit-in.
The ad, which cost $245, was
paid for "largely out of our
own pockets" according to Cum
mings and also with donations
that Sauer had managed to col
lect around the Business School.
Reactions from the demon
stration's leaders varied. Tim
Haight commented, "the quotes
were taken completely out of
context." Marc Sapir, one of the
seven that the IJB had found
guilty, said that the ad con
fused him, and he declined to
make any statement.
Barry Greenberg, another stu
dent whom the IJB found guilty,
thought that the ad made little
sense and said he had no other
comment. Steve Weissman, who
led many of the student meet
ings, declared, "We're glad to
see that the signers thought it
important that my views be in
the paper."
A full page ad critical of last
week's Old Union sit-in placed
in Monday's Daily was, accord
ing to one of its sponsors, Bob
Cummings, "an attempt to put
the issue before the public."

However, many of the leaders of
the demonstration found the ad
vertisement misleading and con
fusing.
The signers of the ad were,
Fred Sauer, a graduate student
in the Business School, Bob
Cummings, a junior political
science major, and Steve Dun
can, a freshman. All three had
worked together circulating a
petition last week that sup
ported the demands but not the
sit-in.
The ad, which cost $245, was
paid for "largely out of our
own pockets" according to Cum
mings and also with donations
that Sauer had managed to col
lect around the Business School.
Reactions from the demon
stration's leaders varied. Tim
Haight commented, "the quotes
were taken completely out of
context." Marc Sapir, one of the
seven that the IJB had found
guilty, said that the ad con
fused him, and he declined to
make any statement.
Barry Greenberg, another stu
dent whom the IJB found guilty,
thought that the ad made little
sense and said he had no other
comment. Steve Weissman, who
led many of the student meet
ings, declared, "We're glad to
see that the signers thought it
important that my views be in
the paper."
A full page ad critical of last
week's Old Union sit-in placed
in Monday's Daily was, accord
ing to one of its sponsors, Bob
Cummings, "an attempt to put
the issue before the public."

However, many of the leaders of
the demonstration found the ad
vertisement misleading and con
fusing.
The signers of the ad were,
Fred Sauer, a graduate student
in the Business School, Bob
Cummings, a junior political
science major, and Steve Dun
can, a freshman. All three had
worked together circulating a
petition last week that sup
ported the demands but not the
sit-in.
The ad, which cost $245, was
paid for "largely out of our
own pockets" according to Cum
mings and also with donations
that Sauer had managed to col
lect around the Business School.
Reactions from the demon
stration's leaders varied. Tim
Haight commented, "the quotes
were taken completely out of
context." Marc Sapir, one of the
seven that the IJB had found
guilty, said that the ad con
fused him, and he declined to
make any statement.
Barry Greenberg, another stu
dent whom the IJB found guilty,
thought that the ad made little
sense and said he had no other
comment. Steve Weissman, who
led many of the student meet
ings, declared, "We're glad to
see that the signers thought it
important that my views be in
the paper."
A full page ad critical of last
week's Old Union sit-in placed
in Monday's Daily was, accord
ing to one of its sponsors, Bob
Cummings, "an attempt to put
the issue before the public."

However, many of the leaders of
the demonstration found the ad
vertisement misleading and con
fusing.
The signers of the ad were,
Fred Sauer, a graduate student
in the Business School, Bob
Cummings, a junior political
science major, and Steve Dun
can, a freshman. All three had
worked together circulating a
petition last week that sup
ported the demands but not the
sit-in.
The ad, which cost $245, was
paid for "largely out of our
own pockets" according to Cum
mings and also with donations
that Sauer had managed to col
lect around the Business School.
Reactions from the demon
stration's leaders varied. Tim
Haight commented, "the quotes
were taken completely out of
context." Marc Sapir, one of the
seven that the IJB had found
guilty, said that the ad con
fused him, and he declined to
make any statement.
Barry Greenberg, another stu
dent whom the IJB found guilty,
thought that the ad made little
sense and said he had no other
comment. Steve Weissman, who
led many of the student meet
ings, declared, "We're glad to
see that the signers thought it
important that my views be in
the paper."
A full page ad critical of last
week's Old Union sit-in placed
in Monday's Daily was, accord
ing to one of its sponsors, Bob
Cummings, "an attempt to put
the issue before the public."

However, many of the leaders of
the demonstration found the ad
vertisement misleading and con
fusing.
The signers of the ad were,
Fred Sauer, a graduate student
in the Business School, Bob
Cummings, a junior political
science major, and Steve Dun
can, a freshman. All three had
worked together circulating a
petition last week that sup
ported the demands but not the
sit-in.
The ad, which cost $245, was
paid for "largely out of our
own pockets" according to Cum
mings and also with donations
that Sauer had managed to col
lect around the Business School.
Reactions from the demon
stration's leaders varied. Tim
Haight commented, "the quotes
were taken completely out of
context." Marc Sapir, one of the
seven that the IJB had found
guilty, said that the ad con
fused him, and he declined to
make any statement.
Barry Greenberg, another stu
dent whom the IJB found guilty,
thought that the ad made little
sense and said he had no other
comment. Steve Weissman, who
led many of the student meet
ings, declared, "We're glad to
see that the signers thought it
important that my views be in
the paper."
A full page ad critical of last
week's Old Union sit-in placed
in Monday's Daily was, accord
ing to one of its sponsors, Bob
Cummings, "an attempt to put
the issue before the public."

However, many of the leaders of
the demonstration found the ad
vertisement misleading and con
fusing.
The signers of the ad were,
Fred Sauer, a graduate student
in the Business School, Bob
Cummings, a junior political
science major, and Steve Dun
can, a freshman. All three had
worked together circulating a
petition last week that sup
ported the demands but not the
sit-in.
The ad, which cost $245, was
paid for "largely out of our
own pockets" according to Cum
mings and also with donations
that Sauer had managed to col
lect around the Business School.
Reactions from the demon
stration's leaders varied. Tim
Haight commented, "the quotes
were taken completely out of
context." Marc Sapir, one of the
seven that the IJB had found
guilty, said that the ad con
fused him, and he declined to
make any statement.
Barry Greenberg, another stu
dent whom the IJB found guilty,
thought that the ad made little
sense and said he had no other
comment. Steve Weissman, who
led many of the student meet
ings, declared, "We're glad to
see that the signers thought it
important that my views be in
the paper."
A full page ad critical of last
week's Old Union sit-in placed
in Monday's Daily was, accord
ing to one of its sponsors, Bob
Cummings, "an attempt to put
the issue before the public."

However, many of the leaders of
the demonstration found the ad
vertisement misleading and con
fusing.
The signers of the ad were,
Fred Sauer, a graduate student
in the Business School, Bob
Cummings, a junior political
science major, and Steve Dun
can, a freshman. All three had
worked together circulating a
petition last week that sup
ported the demands but not the
sit-in.
The ad, which cost $245, was
paid for "largely out of our
own pockets" according to Cum
mings and also with donations
that Sauer had managed to col
lect around the Business School.
Reactions from the demon
stration's leaders varied. Tim
Haight commented, "the quotes
were taken completely out of
context." Marc Sapir, one of the
seven that the IJB had found
guilty, said that the ad con
fused him, and he declined to
make any statement.
Barry Greenberg, another stu
dent whom the IJB found guilty,
thought that the ad made little
sense and said he had no other
comment. Steve Weissman, who
led many of the student meet
ings, declared, "We're glad to
see that the signers thought it
important that my views be in
the paper."
A full page ad critical of last
week's Old Union sit-in placed
in Monday's Daily was, accord
ing to one of its sponsors, Bob
Cummings, "an attempt to put
the issue before the public."

However, many of the leaders of
the demonstration found the ad
vertisement misleading and con
fusing.
The signers of the ad were,
Fred Sauer, a graduate student
in the Business School, Bob
Cummings, a junior political
science major, and Steve Dun
can, a freshman. All three had
worked together circulating a
petition last week that sup
ported the demands but not the
sit-in.
The ad, which cost $245, was
paid for "largely out of our
own pockets" according to Cum
mings and also with donations
that Sauer had managed to col
lect around the Business School.
Reactions from the demon
stration's leaders varied. Tim
Haight commented, "the quotes
were taken completely out of
context." Marc Sapir, one of the
seven that the IJB had found
guilty, said that the ad con
fused him, and he declined to
make any statement.
Barry Greenberg, another stu
dent whom the IJB found guilty,
thought that the ad made little
sense and said he had no other
comment. Steve Weissman, who
led many of the student meet
ings, declared, "We're glad to
see that the signers thought it
important that my views be in
the paper."
A full page ad critical of last
week's Old Union sit-in placed
in Monday's Daily was, accord
ing to one of its sponsors, Bob
Cummings, "an attempt to put
the issue before the public."

However, many of the leaders of
the demonstration found the ad
vertisement misleading and con
fusing.
The signers of the ad were,
Fred Sauer, a graduate student
in the Business School, Bob
Cummings, a junior political
science major, and Steve Dun
can, a freshman. All three had
worked together circulating a
petition last week that sup
ported the demands but not the
sit-in.
The ad, which cost $245, was
paid for "largely out of our
own pockets" according to Cum
mings and also with donations
that Sauer had managed to col
lect around the Business School.
Reactions from the demon
stration's leaders varied. Tim
Haight commented, "the quotes
were taken completely out of
context." Marc Sapir, one of the
seven that the IJB had found
guilty, said that the ad con
fused him, and he declined to
make any statement.
Barry Greenberg, another stu
dent whom the IJB found guilty,
thought that the ad made little
sense and said he had no other
comment. Steve Weissman, who
led many of the student meet
ings, declared, "We're glad to
see that the signers thought it
important that my views be in
the paper."
A full page ad critical of last
week's Old Union sit-in placed
in Monday's Daily was, accord
ing to one of its sponsors, Bob
Cummings, "an attempt to put
the issue before the public."

However, many of the leaders of
the demonstration found the ad
vertisement misleading and con
fusing.
The signers of the ad were,
Fred Sauer, a graduate student
in the Business School, Bob
Cummings, a junior political
science major, and Steve Dun
can, a freshman. All three had
worked together circulating a
petition last week that sup
ported the demands but not the
sit-in.
The ad, which cost $245, was
paid for "largely out of our
own pockets" according to Cum
mings and also with donations
that Sauer had managed to col
lect around the Business School.
Reactions from the demon
stration's leaders varied. Tim
Haight commented, "the quotes
were taken completely out of
context." Marc Sapir, one of the
seven that the IJB had found
guilty, said that the ad con
fused him, and he declined to
make any statement.
Barry Greenberg, another stu
dent whom the IJB found guilty,
thought that the ad made little
sense and said he had no other
comment. Steve Weissman, who
led many of the student meet
ings, declared, "We're glad to
see that the signers thought it
important that my views be in
the paper."
A full page ad critical of last
week's Old Union sit-in placed
in Monday's Daily was, accord
ing to one of its sponsors, Bob
Cummings, "an attempt to put
the issue before the public."

However, many of the leaders of
the demonstration found the ad
vertisement misleading and con
fusing.
The signers of the ad were,
Fred Sauer, a graduate student
in the Business School, Bob
Cummings, a junior political
science major, and Steve Dun
can, a freshman. All three had
worked together circulating a
petition last week that sup
ported the demands but not the
sit-in.
The ad, which cost $245, was
paid for "largely out of our
own pockets" according to Cum
mings and also with donations
that Sauer had managed to col
lect around the Business School.
Reactions from the demon
stration's leaders varied. Tim
Haight commented, "the quotes
were taken completely out of
context." Marc Sapir, one of the
seven that the IJB had found
guilty, said that the ad con
fused him, and he declined to
make any statement.
Barry Greenberg, another stu
dent whom the IJB found guilty,
thought that the ad made little
sense and said he had no other
comment. Steve Weissman, who
led many of the student meet
ings, declared, "We're glad to
see that the signers thought it
important that my views be in
the paper."
