# Adv. 26 Page 11
## 
### 
and refs. Email tcm@cs.cmu.edu
LEARN TO FLY! Palo Alto Airport
Call or email for intra flight/
lessons. Sue 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal.net
Students needed for bookstore
focus group, 2 sessions (1-2 hrs
each), food and gift card
provided, interested, email your
name, year & dayAime pref to
s.zapko@bookstore.stanford.org
Johns Hopkins Center for
Talented Youth seeks graduate
and undergraduate students to
work with gifted and talented
pre-collegiate youth at over 30
locations this summer. More
information can be found at:
cty.jhu.edu/summer/employment
and refs. Email tcm@cs.cmu.edu
LEARN TO FLY! Palo Alto Airport
Call or email for intra flight/
lessons. Sue 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal.net
Students needed for bookstore
focus group, 2 sessions (1-2 hrs
each), food and gift card
provided, interested, email your
name, year & dayAime pref to
s.zapko@bookstore.stanford.org
Johns Hopkins Center for
Talented Youth seeks graduate
and undergraduate students to
work with gifted and talented
pre-collegiate youth at over 30
locations this summer. More
information can be found at:
cty.jhu.edu/summer/employment
and refs. Email tcm@cs.cmu.edu
LEARN TO FLY! Palo Alto Airport
Call or email for intra flight/
lessons. Sue 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal.net
Students needed for bookstore
focus group, 2 sessions (1-2 hrs
each), food and gift card
provided, interested, email your
name, year & dayAime pref to
s.zapko@bookstore.stanford.org
Johns Hopkins Center for
Talented Youth seeks graduate
and undergraduate students to
work with gifted and talented
pre-collegiate youth at over 30
locations this summer. More
information can be found at:
cty.jhu.edu/summer/employment
and refs. Email tcm@cs.cmu.edu
LEARN TO FLY! Palo Alto Airport
Call or email for intra flight/
lessons. Sue 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal.net
Students needed for bookstore
focus group, 2 sessions (1-2 hrs
each), food and gift card
provided, interested, email your
name, year & dayAime pref to
s.zapko@bookstore.stanford.org
Johns Hopkins Center for
Talented Youth seeks graduate
and undergraduate students to
work with gifted and talented
pre-collegiate youth at over 30
locations this summer. More
information can be found at:
cty.jhu.edu/summer/employment
and refs. Email tcm@cs.cmu.edu
LEARN TO FLY! Palo Alto Airport
Call or email for intra flight/
lessons. Sue 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal.net
Students needed for bookstore
focus group, 2 sessions (1-2 hrs
each), food and gift card
provided, interested, email your
name, year & dayAime pref to
s.zapko@bookstore.stanford.org
Johns Hopkins Center for
Talented Youth seeks graduate
and undergraduate students to
work with gifted and talented
pre-collegiate youth at over 30
locations this summer. More
information can be found at:
cty.jhu.edu/summer/employment
and refs. Email tcm@cs.cmu.edu
LEARN TO FLY! Palo Alto Airport
Call or email for intra flight/
lessons. Sue 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal.net
Students needed for bookstore
focus group, 2 sessions (1-2 hrs
each), food and gift card
provided, interested, email your
name, year & dayAime pref to
s.zapko@bookstore.stanford.org
Johns Hopkins Center for
Talented Youth seeks graduate
and undergraduate students to
work with gifted and talented
pre-collegiate youth at over 30
locations this summer. More
information can be found at:
cty.jhu.edu/summer/employment
