# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
WANTED!
LIVE WIRES
In H.ills, Fraternities, and So
rorities to handle excellent
Cleaning & Dyeing
Line
40", COMMISSION
• • •
Apply at
STANFORD DYEING &
CLEANING WORKS
766 Emerson Street
Phone: P. A. 4144
WANTED!
LIVE WIRES
In H.ills, Fraternities, and So
rorities to handle excellent
Cleaning & Dyeing
Line
40", COMMISSION
• • •
Apply at
STANFORD DYEING &
CLEANING WORKS
766 Emerson Street
Phone: P. A. 4144
WANTED!
LIVE WIRES
In H.ills, Fraternities, and So
rorities to handle excellent
Cleaning & Dyeing
Line
40", COMMISSION
• • •
Apply at
STANFORD DYEING &
CLEANING WORKS
766 Emerson Street
Phone: P. A. 4144
WANTED!
LIVE WIRES
In H.ills, Fraternities, and So
rorities to handle excellent
Cleaning & Dyeing
Line
40", COMMISSION
• • •
Apply at
STANFORD DYEING &
CLEANING WORKS
766 Emerson Street
Phone: P. A. 4144
WANTED!
LIVE WIRES
In H.ills, Fraternities, and So
rorities to handle excellent
Cleaning & Dyeing
Line
40", COMMISSION
• • •
Apply at
STANFORD DYEING &
CLEANING WORKS
766 Emerson Street
Phone: P. A. 4144
WANTED!
LIVE WIRES
In H.ills, Fraternities, and So
rorities to handle excellent
Cleaning & Dyeing
Line
40", COMMISSION
• • •
Apply at
STANFORD DYEING &
CLEANING WORKS
766 Emerson Street
Phone: P. A. 4144
WANTED!
LIVE WIRES
In H.ills, Fraternities, and So
rorities to handle excellent
Cleaning & Dyeing
Line
40", COMMISSION
• • •
Apply at
STANFORD DYEING &
CLEANING WORKS
766 Emerson Street
Phone: P. A. 4144
WANTED!
LIVE WIRES
In H.ills, Fraternities, and So
rorities to handle excellent
Cleaning & Dyeing
Line
40", COMMISSION
• • •
Apply at
STANFORD DYEING &
CLEANING WORKS
766 Emerson Street
Phone: P. A. 4144
WANTED!
LIVE WIRES
In H.ills, Fraternities, and So
rorities to handle excellent
Cleaning & Dyeing
Line
40", COMMISSION
• • •
Apply at
STANFORD DYEING &
CLEANING WORKS
766 Emerson Street
Phone: P. A. 4144
WANTED!
LIVE WIRES
In H.ills, Fraternities, and So
rorities to handle excellent
Cleaning & Dyeing
Line
40", COMMISSION
• • •
Apply at
STANFORD DYEING &
CLEANING WORKS
766 Emerson Street
Phone: P. A. 4144
WANTED!
LIVE WIRES
In H.ills, Fraternities, and So
rorities to handle excellent
Cleaning & Dyeing
Line
40", COMMISSION
• • •
Apply at
STANFORD DYEING &
CLEANING WORKS
766 Emerson Street
Phone: P. A. 4144
WANTED!
LIVE WIRES
In H.ills, Fraternities, and So
rorities to handle excellent
Cleaning & Dyeing
Line
40", COMMISSION
• • •
Apply at
STANFORD DYEING &
CLEANING WORKS
766 Emerson Street
Phone: P. A. 4144
WANTED!
LIVE WIRES
In H.ills, Fraternities, and So
rorities to handle excellent
Cleaning & Dyeing
Line
40", COMMISSION
• • •
Apply at
STANFORD DYEING &
CLEANING WORKS
766 Emerson Street
Phone: P. A. 4144
WANTED!
LIVE WIRES
In H.ills, Fraternities, and So
rorities to handle excellent
Cleaning & Dyeing
Line
40", COMMISSION
• • •
Apply at
STANFORD DYEING &
CLEANING WORKS
766 Emerson Street
Phone: P. A. 4144
WANTED!
LIVE WIRES
In H.ills, Fraternities, and So
rorities to handle excellent
Cleaning & Dyeing
Line
40", COMMISSION
• • •
Apply at
STANFORD DYEING &
CLEANING WORKS
766 Emerson Street
Phone: P. A. 4144
WANTED!
LIVE WIRES
In H.ills, Fraternities, and So
rorities to handle excellent
Cleaning & Dyeing
Line
40", COMMISSION
• • •
Apply at
STANFORD DYEING &
CLEANING WORKS
766 Emerson Street
Phone: P. A. 4144
