# JOLLY-UP POSTPONED
## 
### 
Due to men's rushing, the Roble
jolly-up, scheduled for this eve
ning, has been postponed until next
quarter, says Deborah Keever, Roble
Club president.
Due to men's rushing, the Roble
jolly-up, scheduled for this eve
ning, has been postponed until next
quarter, says Deborah Keever, Roble
Club president.
Due to men's rushing, the Roble
jolly-up, scheduled for this eve
ning, has been postponed until next
quarter, says Deborah Keever, Roble
Club president.
Due to men's rushing, the Roble
jolly-up, scheduled for this eve
ning, has been postponed until next
quarter, says Deborah Keever, Roble
Club president.
Due to men's rushing, the Roble
jolly-up, scheduled for this eve
ning, has been postponed until next
quarter, says Deborah Keever, Roble
Club president.
Due to men's rushing, the Roble
jolly-up, scheduled for this eve
ning, has been postponed until next
quarter, says Deborah Keever, Roble
Club president.
Due to men's rushing, the Roble
jolly-up, scheduled for this eve
ning, has been postponed until next
quarter, says Deborah Keever, Roble
Club president.
Due to men's rushing, the Roble
jolly-up, scheduled for this eve
ning, has been postponed until next
quarter, says Deborah Keever, Roble
Club president.
Due to men's rushing, the Roble
jolly-up, scheduled for this eve
ning, has been postponed until next
quarter, says Deborah Keever, Roble
Club president.
Due to men's rushing, the Roble
jolly-up, scheduled for this eve
ning, has been postponed until next
quarter, says Deborah Keever, Roble
Club president.
Due to men's rushing, the Roble
jolly-up, scheduled for this eve
ning, has been postponed until next
quarter, says Deborah Keever, Roble
Club president.
Due to men's rushing, the Roble
jolly-up, scheduled for this eve
ning, has been postponed until next
quarter, says Deborah Keever, Roble
Club president.
Due to men's rushing, the Roble
jolly-up, scheduled for this eve
ning, has been postponed until next
quarter, says Deborah Keever, Roble
Club president.
Due to men's rushing, the Roble
jolly-up, scheduled for this eve
ning, has been postponed until next
quarter, says Deborah Keever, Roble
Club president.
Due to men's rushing, the Roble
jolly-up, scheduled for this eve
ning, has been postponed until next
quarter, says Deborah Keever, Roble
Club president.
Due to men's rushing, the Roble
jolly-up, scheduled for this eve
ning, has been postponed until next
quarter, says Deborah Keever, Roble
Club president.
