# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Four students of the University of
Missouri were hurt, one of them seri
ously. in the annual sophomore
freshman "has rush." The first year
men were victorious in the eontest.
Four students of the University of
Missouri were hurt, one of them seri
ously. in the annual sophomore
freshman "has rush." The first year
men were victorious in the eontest.
Four students of the University of
Missouri were hurt, one of them seri
ously. in the annual sophomore
freshman "has rush." The first year
men were victorious in the eontest.
Four students of the University of
Missouri were hurt, one of them seri
ously. in the annual sophomore
freshman "has rush." The first year
men were victorious in the eontest.
Four students of the University of
Missouri were hurt, one of them seri
ously. in the annual sophomore
freshman "has rush." The first year
men were victorious in the eontest.
Four students of the University of
Missouri were hurt, one of them seri
ously. in the annual sophomore
freshman "has rush." The first year
men were victorious in the eontest.
Four students of the University of
Missouri were hurt, one of them seri
ously. in the annual sophomore
freshman "has rush." The first year
men were victorious in the eontest.
Four students of the University of
Missouri were hurt, one of them seri
ously. in the annual sophomore
freshman "has rush." The first year
men were victorious in the eontest.
Four students of the University of
Missouri were hurt, one of them seri
ously. in the annual sophomore
freshman "has rush." The first year
men were victorious in the eontest.
Four students of the University of
Missouri were hurt, one of them seri
ously. in the annual sophomore
freshman "has rush." The first year
men were victorious in the eontest.
Four students of the University of
Missouri were hurt, one of them seri
ously. in the annual sophomore
freshman "has rush." The first year
men were victorious in the eontest.
Four students of the University of
Missouri were hurt, one of them seri
ously. in the annual sophomore
freshman "has rush." The first year
men were victorious in the eontest.
Four students of the University of
Missouri were hurt, one of them seri
ously. in the annual sophomore
freshman "has rush." The first year
men were victorious in the eontest.
