# Books by Faculty Members.
## 
### 
Dr. Jordan and Dr. Price, asso
ciate professor of Zoology, have
written a new book, "Animal Struc
tures," which is intended to cover
the laboratory work in a course in
zoology for beginners. It is meant
to be used as a reference book in
the laboratory and lecture-room.
It will be published within the
month.
Dr. Branner, head of the Geology
department, has written a new book
entitled " The Stone Reefs of Brazil:
their geological and geographical
relations."
The work treats of the stone reefs,
with a chapter on the coral reefs
found off Brazil. There are two
hundred illustrations and one
colored plate, it is being printed
by the "Museum of Comparative
Zoology," at Cambridge, Mass.
