# Cornell Offers Shells.
## 
### 
The Stanford Boat Club has re
cently received a communication
from J. E. Rodehouse, president of
the University of California Boat
Club, in reference to the purchase
of a four-oared cedar racing-shell
from Cornell. An extract follows:
"A letter has just been received
from John L. Senior, graduate
manager at Cornell, naming a
price of $'275 for a regular four
oared racing-shell, or $250 each
for three. J. C. Knight has just
written me signifying his willing
ness to take one boat. We will
take one, and if you are ready to
send a similar order we would have
three boats of similar speed and
form."
The Stanford club was forced to
decline this offer for the reason that
it has already a four oared racing
barge, which is a duplicate of one
owned by the Moat Club at Califor
nia. it would therefore be possible
to row a race with the present
equipment. The time of this race
would not be so fast as if racing
shells were used, but (he contest
would be just as satisfactory. As
the money now in the treasury
must be used to provide a boat
house on the marsh so that satis
factory practice may be carried on,
the club has not finances to buy a
shell.
The Stanford Boat Club has re
cently received a communication
from J. E. Rodehouse, president of
the University of California Boat
Club, in reference to the purchase
of a four-oared cedar racing-shell
from Cornell. An extract follows:
"A letter has just been received
from John L. Senior, graduate
manager at Cornell, naming a
price of $'275 for a regular four
oared racing-shell, or $250 each
for three. J. C. Knight has just
written me signifying his willing
ness to take one boat. We will
take one, and if you are ready to
send a similar order we would have
three boats of similar speed and
form."
The Stanford club was forced to
decline this offer for the reason that
it has already a four oared racing
barge, which is a duplicate of one
owned by the Moat Club at Califor
nia. it would therefore be possible
to row a race with the present
equipment. The time of this race
would not be so fast as if racing
shells were used, but (he contest
would be just as satisfactory. As
the money now in the treasury
must be used to provide a boat
house on the marsh so that satis
factory practice may be carried on,
the club has not finances to buy a
shell.
The Stanford Boat Club has re
cently received a communication
from J. E. Rodehouse, president of
the University of California Boat
Club, in reference to the purchase
of a four-oared cedar racing-shell
from Cornell. An extract follows:
"A letter has just been received
from John L. Senior, graduate
manager at Cornell, naming a
price of $'275 for a regular four
oared racing-shell, or $250 each
for three. J. C. Knight has just
written me signifying his willing
ness to take one boat. We will
take one, and if you are ready to
send a similar order we would have
three boats of similar speed and
form."
The Stanford club was forced to
decline this offer for the reason that
it has already a four oared racing
barge, which is a duplicate of one
owned by the Moat Club at Califor
nia. it would therefore be possible
to row a race with the present
equipment. The time of this race
would not be so fast as if racing
shells were used, but (he contest
would be just as satisfactory. As
the money now in the treasury
must be used to provide a boat
house on the marsh so that satis
factory practice may be carried on,
the club has not finances to buy a
shell.
The Stanford Boat Club has re
cently received a communication
from J. E. Rodehouse, president of
the University of California Boat
Club, in reference to the purchase
of a four-oared cedar racing-shell
from Cornell. An extract follows:
"A letter has just been received
from John L. Senior, graduate
manager at Cornell, naming a
price of $'275 for a regular four
oared racing-shell, or $250 each
for three. J. C. Knight has just
written me signifying his willing
ness to take one boat. We will
take one, and if you are ready to
send a similar order we would have
three boats of similar speed and
form."
The Stanford club was forced to
decline this offer for the reason that
it has already a four oared racing
barge, which is a duplicate of one
owned by the Moat Club at Califor
nia. it would therefore be possible
to row a race with the present
equipment. The time of this race
would not be so fast as if racing
shells were used, but (he contest
would be just as satisfactory. As
the money now in the treasury
must be used to provide a boat
house on the marsh so that satis
factory practice may be carried on,
the club has not finances to buy a
shell.
The Stanford Boat Club has re
cently received a communication
from J. E. Rodehouse, president of
the University of California Boat
Club, in reference to the purchase
of a four-oared cedar racing-shell
from Cornell. An extract follows:
"A letter has just been received
from John L. Senior, graduate
manager at Cornell, naming a
price of $'275 for a regular four
oared racing-shell, or $250 each
for three. J. C. Knight has just
written me signifying his willing
ness to take one boat. We will
take one, and if you are ready to
send a similar order we would have
three boats of similar speed and
form."
The Stanford club was forced to
decline this offer for the reason that
it has already a four oared racing
barge, which is a duplicate of one
owned by the Moat Club at Califor
nia. it would therefore be possible
to row a race with the present
equipment. The time of this race
would not be so fast as if racing
shells were used, but (he contest
would be just as satisfactory. As
the money now in the treasury
must be used to provide a boat
house on the marsh so that satis
factory practice may be carried on,
the club has not finances to buy a
shell.
The Stanford Boat Club has re
cently received a communication
from J. E. Rodehouse, president of
the University of California Boat
Club, in reference to the purchase
of a four-oared cedar racing-shell
from Cornell. An extract follows:
"A letter has just been received
from John L. Senior, graduate
manager at Cornell, naming a
price of $'275 for a regular four
oared racing-shell, or $250 each
for three. J. C. Knight has just
written me signifying his willing
ness to take one boat. We will
take one, and if you are ready to
send a similar order we would have
three boats of similar speed and
form."
The Stanford club was forced to
decline this offer for the reason that
it has already a four oared racing
barge, which is a duplicate of one
owned by the Moat Club at Califor
nia. it would therefore be possible
to row a race with the present
equipment. The time of this race
would not be so fast as if racing
shells were used, but (he contest
would be just as satisfactory. As
the money now in the treasury
must be used to provide a boat
house on the marsh so that satis
factory practice may be carried on,
the club has not finances to buy a
shell.
The Stanford Boat Club has re
cently received a communication
from J. E. Rodehouse, president of
the University of California Boat
Club, in reference to the purchase
of a four-oared cedar racing-shell
from Cornell. An extract follows:
"A letter has just been received
from John L. Senior, graduate
manager at Cornell, naming a
price of $'275 for a regular four
oared racing-shell, or $250 each
for three. J. C. Knight has just
written me signifying his willing
ness to take one boat. We will
take one, and if you are ready to
send a similar order we would have
three boats of similar speed and
form."
The Stanford club was forced to
decline this offer for the reason that
it has already a four oared racing
barge, which is a duplicate of one
owned by the Moat Club at Califor
nia. it would therefore be possible
to row a race with the present
equipment. The time of this race
would not be so fast as if racing
shells were used, but (he contest
would be just as satisfactory. As
the money now in the treasury
must be used to provide a boat
house on the marsh so that satis
factory practice may be carried on,
the club has not finances to buy a
shell.
