# University Calendar.
## 
### 
Sept. 26 —Varsity vs. U. S.Naval
Training Academy.
Oct. 17 —Intercollegiate Fresh
man game, campus.
Oct. 24 —Nevada vs. Varsity,
campus.
Oct. 26--Varsity vs. Chemawa
Indians, campus.
Oct. 27—Metropolitan Orchestra,
Assembly Hall.
Nov. 7 —Multnomah vs. Varsity,
campus.
Nov. 14 —Intercollegiate Varsity
game.
Dec. 4 —Royal Italian Baud, As
sembly Ilall.
Sept. 26 —Varsity vs. U. S.Naval
Training Academy.
Oct. 17 —Intercollegiate Fresh
man game, campus.
Oct. 24 —Nevada vs. Varsity,
campus.
Oct. 26--Varsity vs. Chemawa
Indians, campus.
Oct. 27—Metropolitan Orchestra,
Assembly Hall.
Nov. 7 —Multnomah vs. Varsity,
campus.
Nov. 14 —Intercollegiate Varsity
game.
Dec. 4 —Royal Italian Baud, As
sembly Ilall.
Sept. 26 —Varsity vs. U. S.Naval
Training Academy.
Oct. 17 —Intercollegiate Fresh
man game, campus.
Oct. 24 —Nevada vs. Varsity,
campus.
Oct. 26--Varsity vs. Chemawa
Indians, campus.
Oct. 27—Metropolitan Orchestra,
Assembly Hall.
Nov. 7 —Multnomah vs. Varsity,
campus.
Nov. 14 —Intercollegiate Varsity
game.
Dec. 4 —Royal Italian Baud, As
sembly Ilall.
Sept. 26 —Varsity vs. U. S.Naval
Training Academy.
Oct. 17 —Intercollegiate Fresh
man game, campus.
Oct. 24 —Nevada vs. Varsity,
campus.
Oct. 26--Varsity vs. Chemawa
Indians, campus.
Oct. 27—Metropolitan Orchestra,
Assembly Hall.
Nov. 7 —Multnomah vs. Varsity,
campus.
Nov. 14 —Intercollegiate Varsity
game.
Dec. 4 —Royal Italian Baud, As
sembly Ilall.
Sept. 26 —Varsity vs. U. S.Naval
Training Academy.
Oct. 17 —Intercollegiate Fresh
man game, campus.
Oct. 24 —Nevada vs. Varsity,
campus.
Oct. 26--Varsity vs. Chemawa
Indians, campus.
Oct. 27—Metropolitan Orchestra,
Assembly Hall.
Nov. 7 —Multnomah vs. Varsity,
campus.
Nov. 14 —Intercollegiate Varsity
game.
Dec. 4 —Royal Italian Baud, As
sembly Ilall.
Sept. 26 —Varsity vs. U. S.Naval
Training Academy.
Oct. 17 —Intercollegiate Fresh
man game, campus.
Oct. 24 —Nevada vs. Varsity,
campus.
Oct. 26--Varsity vs. Chemawa
Indians, campus.
Oct. 27—Metropolitan Orchestra,
Assembly Hall.
Nov. 7 —Multnomah vs. Varsity,
campus.
Nov. 14 —Intercollegiate Varsity
game.
Dec. 4 —Royal Italian Baud, As
sembly Ilall.
Sept. 26 —Varsity vs. U. S.Naval
Training Academy.
Oct. 17 —Intercollegiate Fresh
man game, campus.
Oct. 24 —Nevada vs. Varsity,
campus.
Oct. 26--Varsity vs. Chemawa
Indians, campus.
Oct. 27—Metropolitan Orchestra,
Assembly Hall.
Nov. 7 —Multnomah vs. Varsity,
campus.
Nov. 14 —Intercollegiate Varsity
game.
Dec. 4 —Royal Italian Baud, As
sembly Ilall.
