# New Members Initiated.
## 
### 
Eighty-five new members were
enrolled in the lists of the Young
Women's Christian Association at
yesterday's meeting held in the
chapel.
Eighty-five new members were
enrolled in the lists of the Young
Women's Christian Association at
yesterday's meeting held in the
chapel.
Eighty-five new members were
enrolled in the lists of the Young
Women's Christian Association at
yesterday's meeting held in the
chapel.
Eighty-five new members were
enrolled in the lists of the Young
Women's Christian Association at
yesterday's meeting held in the
chapel.
Eighty-five new members were
enrolled in the lists of the Young
Women's Christian Association at
yesterday's meeting held in the
chapel.
Eighty-five new members were
enrolled in the lists of the Young
Women's Christian Association at
yesterday's meeting held in the
chapel.
Eighty-five new members were
enrolled in the lists of the Young
Women's Christian Association at
yesterday's meeting held in the
chapel.
