# Postoffice Announces Lower Air Mail Rate
## 
### 
On all matter via air mail, the Stan
ford University postoffice announces a
new rato of ten cents for each half
ounce or fraction thereof commencing
on February 1.
On all matter via air mail, the Stan
ford University postoffice announces a
new rato of ten cents for each half
ounce or fraction thereof commencing
on February 1.
On all matter via air mail, the Stan
ford University postoffice announces a
new rato of ten cents for each half
ounce or fraction thereof commencing
on February 1.
On all matter via air mail, the Stan
ford University postoffice announces a
new rato of ten cents for each half
ounce or fraction thereof commencing
on February 1.
On all matter via air mail, the Stan
ford University postoffice announces a
new rato of ten cents for each half
ounce or fraction thereof commencing
on February 1.
On all matter via air mail, the Stan
ford University postoffice announces a
new rato of ten cents for each half
ounce or fraction thereof commencing
on February 1.
On all matter via air mail, the Stan
ford University postoffice announces a
new rato of ten cents for each half
ounce or fraction thereof commencing
on February 1.
On all matter via air mail, the Stan
ford University postoffice announces a
new rato of ten cents for each half
ounce or fraction thereof commencing
on February 1.
On all matter via air mail, the Stan
ford University postoffice announces a
new rato of ten cents for each half
ounce or fraction thereof commencing
on February 1.
On all matter via air mail, the Stan
ford University postoffice announces a
new rato of ten cents for each half
ounce or fraction thereof commencing
on February 1.
On all matter via air mail, the Stan
ford University postoffice announces a
new rato of ten cents for each half
ounce or fraction thereof commencing
on February 1.
On all matter via air mail, the Stan
ford University postoffice announces a
new rato of ten cents for each half
ounce or fraction thereof commencing
on February 1.
On all matter via air mail, the Stan
ford University postoffice announces a
new rato of ten cents for each half
ounce or fraction thereof commencing
on February 1.
On all matter via air mail, the Stan
ford University postoffice announces a
new rato of ten cents for each half
ounce or fraction thereof commencing
on February 1.
On all matter via air mail, the Stan
ford University postoffice announces a
new rato of ten cents for each half
ounce or fraction thereof commencing
on February 1.
