# CALIFORNIA APPROVES NEW BIG GAME RULING
## 
### 
BERKELEY, Jan. 23. —A change in 1
the system of ticket distribution for
the annual football game with Stan- |
ford, whereby an alumnus and his wife
who is also a member of the associa
tion will be allowed only two tickets !
between them, has been approved by |
the executive committee of the asso
ciated students of the University of
California. Heretofore four tickets
were available. The new rule will go ;
into effect for the 1927 "big game."
BERKELEY, Jan. 23. —A change in 1
the system of ticket distribution for
the annual football game with Stan- |
ford, whereby an alumnus and his wife
who is also a member of the associa
tion will be allowed only two tickets !
between them, has been approved by |
the executive committee of the asso
ciated students of the University of
California. Heretofore four tickets
were available. The new rule will go ;
into effect for the 1927 "big game."
BERKELEY, Jan. 23. —A change in 1
the system of ticket distribution for
the annual football game with Stan- |
ford, whereby an alumnus and his wife
who is also a member of the associa
tion will be allowed only two tickets !
between them, has been approved by |
the executive committee of the asso
ciated students of the University of
California. Heretofore four tickets
were available. The new rule will go ;
into effect for the 1927 "big game."
BERKELEY, Jan. 23. —A change in 1
the system of ticket distribution for
the annual football game with Stan- |
ford, whereby an alumnus and his wife
who is also a member of the associa
tion will be allowed only two tickets !
between them, has been approved by |
the executive committee of the asso
ciated students of the University of
California. Heretofore four tickets
were available. The new rule will go ;
into effect for the 1927 "big game."
BERKELEY, Jan. 23. —A change in 1
the system of ticket distribution for
the annual football game with Stan- |
ford, whereby an alumnus and his wife
who is also a member of the associa
tion will be allowed only two tickets !
between them, has been approved by |
the executive committee of the asso
ciated students of the University of
California. Heretofore four tickets
were available. The new rule will go ;
into effect for the 1927 "big game."
BERKELEY, Jan. 23. —A change in 1
the system of ticket distribution for
the annual football game with Stan- |
ford, whereby an alumnus and his wife
who is also a member of the associa
tion will be allowed only two tickets !
between them, has been approved by |
the executive committee of the asso
ciated students of the University of
California. Heretofore four tickets
were available. The new rule will go ;
into effect for the 1927 "big game."
BERKELEY, Jan. 23. —A change in 1
the system of ticket distribution for
the annual football game with Stan- |
ford, whereby an alumnus and his wife
who is also a member of the associa
tion will be allowed only two tickets !
between them, has been approved by |
the executive committee of the asso
ciated students of the University of
California. Heretofore four tickets
were available. The new rule will go ;
into effect for the 1927 "big game."
BERKELEY, Jan. 23. —A change in 1
the system of ticket distribution for
the annual football game with Stan- |
ford, whereby an alumnus and his wife
who is also a member of the associa
tion will be allowed only two tickets !
between them, has been approved by |
the executive committee of the asso
ciated students of the University of
California. Heretofore four tickets
were available. The new rule will go ;
into effect for the 1927 "big game."
BERKELEY, Jan. 23. —A change in 1
the system of ticket distribution for
the annual football game with Stan- |
ford, whereby an alumnus and his wife
who is also a member of the associa
tion will be allowed only two tickets !
between them, has been approved by |
the executive committee of the asso
ciated students of the University of
California. Heretofore four tickets
were available. The new rule will go ;
into effect for the 1927 "big game."
BERKELEY, Jan. 23. —A change in 1
the system of ticket distribution for
the annual football game with Stan- |
ford, whereby an alumnus and his wife
who is also a member of the associa
tion will be allowed only two tickets !
between them, has been approved by |
the executive committee of the asso
ciated students of the University of
California. Heretofore four tickets
were available. The new rule will go ;
into effect for the 1927 "big game."
BERKELEY, Jan. 23. —A change in 1
the system of ticket distribution for
the annual football game with Stan- |
ford, whereby an alumnus and his wife
who is also a member of the associa
tion will be allowed only two tickets !
between them, has been approved by |
the executive committee of the asso
ciated students of the University of
California. Heretofore four tickets
were available. The new rule will go ;
into effect for the 1927 "big game."
BERKELEY, Jan. 23. —A change in 1
the system of ticket distribution for
the annual football game with Stan- |
ford, whereby an alumnus and his wife
who is also a member of the associa
tion will be allowed only two tickets !
between them, has been approved by |
the executive committee of the asso
ciated students of the University of
California. Heretofore four tickets
were available. The new rule will go ;
into effect for the 1927 "big game."
BERKELEY, Jan. 23. —A change in 1
the system of ticket distribution for
the annual football game with Stan- |
ford, whereby an alumnus and his wife
who is also a member of the associa
tion will be allowed only two tickets !
between them, has been approved by |
the executive committee of the asso
ciated students of the University of
California. Heretofore four tickets
were available. The new rule will go ;
into effect for the 1927 "big game."
BERKELEY, Jan. 23. —A change in 1
the system of ticket distribution for
the annual football game with Stan- |
ford, whereby an alumnus and his wife
who is also a member of the associa
tion will be allowed only two tickets !
between them, has been approved by |
the executive committee of the asso
ciated students of the University of
California. Heretofore four tickets
were available. The new rule will go ;
into effect for the 1927 "big game."
BERKELEY, Jan. 23. —A change in 1
the system of ticket distribution for
the annual football game with Stan- |
ford, whereby an alumnus and his wife
who is also a member of the associa
tion will be allowed only two tickets !
between them, has been approved by |
the executive committee of the asso
ciated students of the University of
California. Heretofore four tickets
were available. The new rule will go ;
into effect for the 1927 "big game."
