# Men Can Apply For Disability Pay Tomorrow
## 
### 
Elmer Sherrill, representative of the
Federal Board for Vocational Educa
tion, will meet any men who wish to
apply for disability pay, tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12, in room 51.
Mr. Sherrill will be at the Communi
ty House in Palo Alto, from 1 to 3.
Elmer Sherrill, representative of the
Federal Board for Vocational Educa
tion, will meet any men who wish to
apply for disability pay, tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12, in room 51.
Mr. Sherrill will be at the Communi
ty House in Palo Alto, from 1 to 3.
Elmer Sherrill, representative of the
Federal Board for Vocational Educa
tion, will meet any men who wish to
apply for disability pay, tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12, in room 51.
Mr. Sherrill will be at the Communi
ty House in Palo Alto, from 1 to 3.
Elmer Sherrill, representative of the
Federal Board for Vocational Educa
tion, will meet any men who wish to
apply for disability pay, tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12, in room 51.
Mr. Sherrill will be at the Communi
ty House in Palo Alto, from 1 to 3.
Elmer Sherrill, representative of the
Federal Board for Vocational Educa
tion, will meet any men who wish to
apply for disability pay, tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12, in room 51.
Mr. Sherrill will be at the Communi
ty House in Palo Alto, from 1 to 3.
Elmer Sherrill, representative of the
Federal Board for Vocational Educa
tion, will meet any men who wish to
apply for disability pay, tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12, in room 51.
Mr. Sherrill will be at the Communi
ty House in Palo Alto, from 1 to 3.
Elmer Sherrill, representative of the
Federal Board for Vocational Educa
tion, will meet any men who wish to
apply for disability pay, tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12, in room 51.
Mr. Sherrill will be at the Communi
ty House in Palo Alto, from 1 to 3.
Elmer Sherrill, representative of the
Federal Board for Vocational Educa
tion, will meet any men who wish to
apply for disability pay, tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12, in room 51.
Mr. Sherrill will be at the Communi
ty House in Palo Alto, from 1 to 3.
Elmer Sherrill, representative of the
Federal Board for Vocational Educa
tion, will meet any men who wish to
apply for disability pay, tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12, in room 51.
Mr. Sherrill will be at the Communi
ty House in Palo Alto, from 1 to 3.
Elmer Sherrill, representative of the
Federal Board for Vocational Educa
tion, will meet any men who wish to
apply for disability pay, tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12, in room 51.
Mr. Sherrill will be at the Communi
ty House in Palo Alto, from 1 to 3.
Elmer Sherrill, representative of the
Federal Board for Vocational Educa
tion, will meet any men who wish to
apply for disability pay, tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12, in room 51.
Mr. Sherrill will be at the Communi
ty House in Palo Alto, from 1 to 3.
Elmer Sherrill, representative of the
Federal Board for Vocational Educa
tion, will meet any men who wish to
apply for disability pay, tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12, in room 51.
Mr. Sherrill will be at the Communi
ty House in Palo Alto, from 1 to 3.
