# Y.W. CONFERENCE TO BE DISCUSSED AT A BANQUET THURSDAY
## 
### 
In place of the regular meeting on
Thursday afternoon, the Y. W. C. A.
will hold a banquet in the Women's Club
House Thursday evening at six. The
purpose of this banquet is to arouse the
interest of the campus women in the
Mid-Year Conference which is to be held
in San Jose.
During the evening there will be short
talks by Miss Oolooah Burner, national
secretary for Student Associations and
who was executive of the Student Con
ference at Asilomar last summer; Miss
Helen Fulton, Pacific Coast field secre
tary of the Student Associations; and
Miss Marion Pearis, Y. W. C. A. secre
tary, and secretary at San Jose Normal
School.
The cost of the banquet will be fifty
cents per plate. Tickets may be obtnined
from any one of the committee or from
Miss Ruth Bacon, Y. W. C. A. secretary.
All campus women are invited to attend,
and all who have decided to come are
urged to buy their tickets as soon as
possible.
In place of the regular meeting on
Thursday afternoon, the Y. W. C. A.
will hold a banquet in the Women's Club
House Thursday evening at six. The
purpose of this banquet is to arouse the
interest of the campus women in the
Mid-Year Conference which is to be held
in San Jose.
During the evening there will be short
talks by Miss Oolooah Burner, national
secretary for Student Associations and
who was executive of the Student Con
ference at Asilomar last summer; Miss
Helen Fulton, Pacific Coast field secre
tary of the Student Associations; and
Miss Marion Pearis, Y. W. C. A. secre
tary, and secretary at San Jose Normal
School.
The cost of the banquet will be fifty
cents per plate. Tickets may be obtnined
from any one of the committee or from
Miss Ruth Bacon, Y. W. C. A. secretary.
All campus women are invited to attend,
and all who have decided to come are
urged to buy their tickets as soon as
possible.
In place of the regular meeting on
Thursday afternoon, the Y. W. C. A.
will hold a banquet in the Women's Club
House Thursday evening at six. The
purpose of this banquet is to arouse the
interest of the campus women in the
Mid-Year Conference which is to be held
in San Jose.
During the evening there will be short
talks by Miss Oolooah Burner, national
secretary for Student Associations and
who was executive of the Student Con
ference at Asilomar last summer; Miss
Helen Fulton, Pacific Coast field secre
tary of the Student Associations; and
Miss Marion Pearis, Y. W. C. A. secre
tary, and secretary at San Jose Normal
School.
The cost of the banquet will be fifty
cents per plate. Tickets may be obtnined
from any one of the committee or from
Miss Ruth Bacon, Y. W. C. A. secretary.
All campus women are invited to attend,
and all who have decided to come are
urged to buy their tickets as soon as
possible.
In place of the regular meeting on
Thursday afternoon, the Y. W. C. A.
will hold a banquet in the Women's Club
House Thursday evening at six. The
purpose of this banquet is to arouse the
interest of the campus women in the
Mid-Year Conference which is to be held
in San Jose.
During the evening there will be short
talks by Miss Oolooah Burner, national
secretary for Student Associations and
who was executive of the Student Con
ference at Asilomar last summer; Miss
Helen Fulton, Pacific Coast field secre
tary of the Student Associations; and
Miss Marion Pearis, Y. W. C. A. secre
tary, and secretary at San Jose Normal
School.
The cost of the banquet will be fifty
cents per plate. Tickets may be obtnined
from any one of the committee or from
Miss Ruth Bacon, Y. W. C. A. secretary.
All campus women are invited to attend,
and all who have decided to come are
urged to buy their tickets as soon as
possible.
In place of the regular meeting on
Thursday afternoon, the Y. W. C. A.
will hold a banquet in the Women's Club
House Thursday evening at six. The
purpose of this banquet is to arouse the
interest of the campus women in the
Mid-Year Conference which is to be held
in San Jose.
During the evening there will be short
talks by Miss Oolooah Burner, national
secretary for Student Associations and
who was executive of the Student Con
ference at Asilomar last summer; Miss
Helen Fulton, Pacific Coast field secre
tary of the Student Associations; and
Miss Marion Pearis, Y. W. C. A. secre
tary, and secretary at San Jose Normal
School.
The cost of the banquet will be fifty
cents per plate. Tickets may be obtnined
from any one of the committee or from
Miss Ruth Bacon, Y. W. C. A. secretary.
All campus women are invited to attend,
and all who have decided to come are
urged to buy their tickets as soon as
possible.
In place of the regular meeting on
Thursday afternoon, the Y. W. C. A.
will hold a banquet in the Women's Club
House Thursday evening at six. The
purpose of this banquet is to arouse the
interest of the campus women in the
Mid-Year Conference which is to be held
in San Jose.
During the evening there will be short
talks by Miss Oolooah Burner, national
secretary for Student Associations and
who was executive of the Student Con
ference at Asilomar last summer; Miss
Helen Fulton, Pacific Coast field secre
tary of the Student Associations; and
Miss Marion Pearis, Y. W. C. A. secre
tary, and secretary at San Jose Normal
School.
The cost of the banquet will be fifty
cents per plate. Tickets may be obtnined
from any one of the committee or from
Miss Ruth Bacon, Y. W. C. A. secretary.
All campus women are invited to attend,
and all who have decided to come are
urged to buy their tickets as soon as
possible.
In place of the regular meeting on
Thursday afternoon, the Y. W. C. A.
will hold a banquet in the Women's Club
House Thursday evening at six. The
purpose of this banquet is to arouse the
interest of the campus women in the
Mid-Year Conference which is to be held
in San Jose.
During the evening there will be short
talks by Miss Oolooah Burner, national
secretary for Student Associations and
who was executive of the Student Con
ference at Asilomar last summer; Miss
Helen Fulton, Pacific Coast field secre
tary of the Student Associations; and
Miss Marion Pearis, Y. W. C. A. secre
tary, and secretary at San Jose Normal
School.
The cost of the banquet will be fifty
cents per plate. Tickets may be obtnined
from any one of the committee or from
Miss Ruth Bacon, Y. W. C. A. secretary.
All campus women are invited to attend,
and all who have decided to come are
urged to buy their tickets as soon as
possible.
In place of the regular meeting on
Thursday afternoon, the Y. W. C. A.
will hold a banquet in the Women's Club
House Thursday evening at six. The
purpose of this banquet is to arouse the
interest of the campus women in the
Mid-Year Conference which is to be held
in San Jose.
During the evening there will be short
talks by Miss Oolooah Burner, national
secretary for Student Associations and
who was executive of the Student Con
ference at Asilomar last summer; Miss
Helen Fulton, Pacific Coast field secre
tary of the Student Associations; and
Miss Marion Pearis, Y. W. C. A. secre
tary, and secretary at San Jose Normal
School.
The cost of the banquet will be fifty
cents per plate. Tickets may be obtnined
from any one of the committee or from
Miss Ruth Bacon, Y. W. C. A. secretary.
All campus women are invited to attend,
and all who have decided to come are
urged to buy their tickets as soon as
possible.
In place of the regular meeting on
Thursday afternoon, the Y. W. C. A.
will hold a banquet in the Women's Club
House Thursday evening at six. The
purpose of this banquet is to arouse the
interest of the campus women in the
Mid-Year Conference which is to be held
in San Jose.
During the evening there will be short
talks by Miss Oolooah Burner, national
secretary for Student Associations and
who was executive of the Student Con
ference at Asilomar last summer; Miss
Helen Fulton, Pacific Coast field secre
tary of the Student Associations; and
Miss Marion Pearis, Y. W. C. A. secre
tary, and secretary at San Jose Normal
School.
The cost of the banquet will be fifty
cents per plate. Tickets may be obtnined
from any one of the committee or from
Miss Ruth Bacon, Y. W. C. A. secretary.
All campus women are invited to attend,
and all who have decided to come are
urged to buy their tickets as soon as
possible.
In place of the regular meeting on
Thursday afternoon, the Y. W. C. A.
will hold a banquet in the Women's Club
House Thursday evening at six. The
purpose of this banquet is to arouse the
interest of the campus women in the
Mid-Year Conference which is to be held
in San Jose.
During the evening there will be short
talks by Miss Oolooah Burner, national
secretary for Student Associations and
who was executive of the Student Con
ference at Asilomar last summer; Miss
Helen Fulton, Pacific Coast field secre
tary of the Student Associations; and
Miss Marion Pearis, Y. W. C. A. secre
tary, and secretary at San Jose Normal
School.
The cost of the banquet will be fifty
cents per plate. Tickets may be obtnined
from any one of the committee or from
Miss Ruth Bacon, Y. W. C. A. secretary.
All campus women are invited to attend,
and all who have decided to come are
urged to buy their tickets as soon as
possible.
In place of the regular meeting on
Thursday afternoon, the Y. W. C. A.
will hold a banquet in the Women's Club
House Thursday evening at six. The
purpose of this banquet is to arouse the
interest of the campus women in the
Mid-Year Conference which is to be held
in San Jose.
During the evening there will be short
talks by Miss Oolooah Burner, national
secretary for Student Associations and
who was executive of the Student Con
ference at Asilomar last summer; Miss
Helen Fulton, Pacific Coast field secre
tary of the Student Associations; and
Miss Marion Pearis, Y. W. C. A. secre
tary, and secretary at San Jose Normal
School.
The cost of the banquet will be fifty
cents per plate. Tickets may be obtnined
from any one of the committee or from
Miss Ruth Bacon, Y. W. C. A. secretary.
All campus women are invited to attend,
and all who have decided to come are
urged to buy their tickets as soon as
possible.
In place of the regular meeting on
Thursday afternoon, the Y. W. C. A.
will hold a banquet in the Women's Club
House Thursday evening at six. The
purpose of this banquet is to arouse the
interest of the campus women in the
Mid-Year Conference which is to be held
in San Jose.
During the evening there will be short
talks by Miss Oolooah Burner, national
secretary for Student Associations and
who was executive of the Student Con
ference at Asilomar last summer; Miss
Helen Fulton, Pacific Coast field secre
tary of the Student Associations; and
Miss Marion Pearis, Y. W. C. A. secre
tary, and secretary at San Jose Normal
School.
The cost of the banquet will be fifty
cents per plate. Tickets may be obtnined
from any one of the committee or from
Miss Ruth Bacon, Y. W. C. A. secretary.
All campus women are invited to attend,
and all who have decided to come are
urged to buy their tickets as soon as
possible.
