# JEFFERSON BEATS ENCINA
## 
### 
Late results of the intramural
basketball tournament give Jeffer
son Hall a 28-27 victory over En
eina lE. Walter Palance was high
scoring man, making 13 points.
Late results of the intramural
basketball tournament give Jeffer
son Hall a 28-27 victory over En
eina lE. Walter Palance was high
scoring man, making 13 points.
Late results of the intramural
basketball tournament give Jeffer
son Hall a 28-27 victory over En
eina lE. Walter Palance was high
scoring man, making 13 points.
Late results of the intramural
basketball tournament give Jeffer
son Hall a 28-27 victory over En
eina lE. Walter Palance was high
scoring man, making 13 points.
Late results of the intramural
basketball tournament give Jeffer
son Hall a 28-27 victory over En
eina lE. Walter Palance was high
scoring man, making 13 points.
Late results of the intramural
basketball tournament give Jeffer
son Hall a 28-27 victory over En
eina lE. Walter Palance was high
scoring man, making 13 points.
Late results of the intramural
basketball tournament give Jeffer
son Hall a 28-27 victory over En
eina lE. Walter Palance was high
scoring man, making 13 points.
Late results of the intramural
basketball tournament give Jeffer
son Hall a 28-27 victory over En
eina lE. Walter Palance was high
scoring man, making 13 points.
Late results of the intramural
basketball tournament give Jeffer
son Hall a 28-27 victory over En
eina lE. Walter Palance was high
scoring man, making 13 points.
Late results of the intramural
basketball tournament give Jeffer
son Hall a 28-27 victory over En
eina lE. Walter Palance was high
scoring man, making 13 points.
Late results of the intramural
basketball tournament give Jeffer
son Hall a 28-27 victory over En
eina lE. Walter Palance was high
scoring man, making 13 points.
Late results of the intramural
basketball tournament give Jeffer
son Hall a 28-27 victory over En
eina lE. Walter Palance was high
scoring man, making 13 points.
Late results of the intramural
basketball tournament give Jeffer
son Hall a 28-27 victory over En
eina lE. Walter Palance was high
scoring man, making 13 points.
Late results of the intramural
basketball tournament give Jeffer
son Hall a 28-27 victory over En
eina lE. Walter Palance was high
scoring man, making 13 points.
Late results of the intramural
basketball tournament give Jeffer
son Hall a 28-27 victory over En
eina lE. Walter Palance was high
scoring man, making 13 points.
