# Tickets on Sale For 'Ski Spree'
## 
### 
Tickets for the Union Unit closed
"Ski Spree," starting at 9 p.m. Sat
urday, will go on sale today from
6:30 to 7 p.m. in the lobby of Union
residence, announced Annette Ga
tuccio, chairman of the dance. Tick
ets will be on sale through Friday,
and since there are a limited num
ber of bids they will go to first
comers. They will sell for $1.50.
The Women's Clubhouse will be
turned into a ski lodge for the in
formal event. Decorations will in
clude a fireplace, posters, ski equip
ment, and cotton snow. The atmos
phere will be reminiscent of the
Sierra's lodges which are so popu
lar among Stanford students, said
Miss Gatuccio.
Art Weidner and his orchestra
will provide music for dancing in
the upstairs room of the clubhouse.
"Down Ski" signs will lead dancers
to a first-aid station at the bottom
of the slide at which refreshments
will be served.
Sub-committee chairmen for the
dance arc: decorations, Joan Geisi
and Allyce Whitted; refreshments,
Anne Spencer; orchestra, Vivian
Cortese; tickets, Elaine Richardson;
arrangements, Noreen Evans and
Lilian Sidwell; clean-up, Jean Delp;
publicity, Barbara Carter and Mar
tha Schwimley.
Tickets for the Union Unit closed
"Ski Spree," starting at 9 p.m. Sat
urday, will go on sale today from
6:30 to 7 p.m. in the lobby of Union
residence, announced Annette Ga
tuccio, chairman of the dance. Tick
ets will be on sale through Friday,
and since there are a limited num
ber of bids they will go to first
comers. They will sell for $1.50.
The Women's Clubhouse will be
turned into a ski lodge for the in
formal event. Decorations will in
clude a fireplace, posters, ski equip
ment, and cotton snow. The atmos
phere will be reminiscent of the
Sierra's lodges which are so popu
lar among Stanford students, said
Miss Gatuccio.
Art Weidner and his orchestra
will provide music for dancing in
the upstairs room of the clubhouse.
"Down Ski" signs will lead dancers
to a first-aid station at the bottom
of the slide at which refreshments
will be served.
Sub-committee chairmen for the
dance arc: decorations, Joan Geisi
and Allyce Whitted; refreshments,
Anne Spencer; orchestra, Vivian
Cortese; tickets, Elaine Richardson;
arrangements, Noreen Evans and
Lilian Sidwell; clean-up, Jean Delp;
publicity, Barbara Carter and Mar
tha Schwimley.
Tickets for the Union Unit closed
"Ski Spree," starting at 9 p.m. Sat
urday, will go on sale today from
6:30 to 7 p.m. in the lobby of Union
residence, announced Annette Ga
tuccio, chairman of the dance. Tick
ets will be on sale through Friday,
and since there are a limited num
ber of bids they will go to first
comers. They will sell for $1.50.
The Women's Clubhouse will be
turned into a ski lodge for the in
formal event. Decorations will in
clude a fireplace, posters, ski equip
ment, and cotton snow. The atmos
phere will be reminiscent of the
Sierra's lodges which are so popu
lar among Stanford students, said
Miss Gatuccio.
Art Weidner and his orchestra
will provide music for dancing in
the upstairs room of the clubhouse.
"Down Ski" signs will lead dancers
to a first-aid station at the bottom
of the slide at which refreshments
will be served.
Sub-committee chairmen for the
dance arc: decorations, Joan Geisi
and Allyce Whitted; refreshments,
Anne Spencer; orchestra, Vivian
Cortese; tickets, Elaine Richardson;
arrangements, Noreen Evans and
Lilian Sidwell; clean-up, Jean Delp;
publicity, Barbara Carter and Mar
tha Schwimley.
Tickets for the Union Unit closed
"Ski Spree," starting at 9 p.m. Sat
urday, will go on sale today from
6:30 to 7 p.m. in the lobby of Union
residence, announced Annette Ga
tuccio, chairman of the dance. Tick
ets will be on sale through Friday,
and since there are a limited num
ber of bids they will go to first
comers. They will sell for $1.50.
The Women's Clubhouse will be
turned into a ski lodge for the in
formal event. Decorations will in
clude a fireplace, posters, ski equip
ment, and cotton snow. The atmos
phere will be reminiscent of the
Sierra's lodges which are so popu
lar among Stanford students, said
Miss Gatuccio.
Art Weidner and his orchestra
will provide music for dancing in
the upstairs room of the clubhouse.
"Down Ski" signs will lead dancers
to a first-aid station at the bottom
of the slide at which refreshments
will be served.
Sub-committee chairmen for the
dance arc: decorations, Joan Geisi
and Allyce Whitted; refreshments,
Anne Spencer; orchestra, Vivian
Cortese; tickets, Elaine Richardson;
arrangements, Noreen Evans and
Lilian Sidwell; clean-up, Jean Delp;
publicity, Barbara Carter and Mar
tha Schwimley.
Tickets for the Union Unit closed
"Ski Spree," starting at 9 p.m. Sat
urday, will go on sale today from
6:30 to 7 p.m. in the lobby of Union
residence, announced Annette Ga
tuccio, chairman of the dance. Tick
ets will be on sale through Friday,
and since there are a limited num
ber of bids they will go to first
comers. They will sell for $1.50.
The Women's Clubhouse will be
turned into a ski lodge for the in
formal event. Decorations will in
clude a fireplace, posters, ski equip
ment, and cotton snow. The atmos
phere will be reminiscent of the
Sierra's lodges which are so popu
lar among Stanford students, said
Miss Gatuccio.
Art Weidner and his orchestra
will provide music for dancing in
the upstairs room of the clubhouse.
"Down Ski" signs will lead dancers
to a first-aid station at the bottom
of the slide at which refreshments
will be served.
Sub-committee chairmen for the
dance arc: decorations, Joan Geisi
and Allyce Whitted; refreshments,
Anne Spencer; orchestra, Vivian
Cortese; tickets, Elaine Richardson;
arrangements, Noreen Evans and
Lilian Sidwell; clean-up, Jean Delp;
publicity, Barbara Carter and Mar
tha Schwimley.
Tickets for the Union Unit closed
"Ski Spree," starting at 9 p.m. Sat
urday, will go on sale today from
6:30 to 7 p.m. in the lobby of Union
residence, announced Annette Ga
tuccio, chairman of the dance. Tick
ets will be on sale through Friday,
and since there are a limited num
ber of bids they will go to first
comers. They will sell for $1.50.
The Women's Clubhouse will be
turned into a ski lodge for the in
formal event. Decorations will in
clude a fireplace, posters, ski equip
ment, and cotton snow. The atmos
phere will be reminiscent of the
Sierra's lodges which are so popu
lar among Stanford students, said
Miss Gatuccio.
Art Weidner and his orchestra
will provide music for dancing in
the upstairs room of the clubhouse.
"Down Ski" signs will lead dancers
to a first-aid station at the bottom
of the slide at which refreshments
will be served.
Sub-committee chairmen for the
dance arc: decorations, Joan Geisi
and Allyce Whitted; refreshments,
Anne Spencer; orchestra, Vivian
Cortese; tickets, Elaine Richardson;
arrangements, Noreen Evans and
Lilian Sidwell; clean-up, Jean Delp;
publicity, Barbara Carter and Mar
tha Schwimley.
Tickets for the Union Unit closed
"Ski Spree," starting at 9 p.m. Sat
urday, will go on sale today from
6:30 to 7 p.m. in the lobby of Union
residence, announced Annette Ga
tuccio, chairman of the dance. Tick
ets will be on sale through Friday,
and since there are a limited num
ber of bids they will go to first
comers. They will sell for $1.50.
The Women's Clubhouse will be
turned into a ski lodge for the in
formal event. Decorations will in
clude a fireplace, posters, ski equip
ment, and cotton snow. The atmos
phere will be reminiscent of the
Sierra's lodges which are so popu
lar among Stanford students, said
Miss Gatuccio.
Art Weidner and his orchestra
will provide music for dancing in
the upstairs room of the clubhouse.
"Down Ski" signs will lead dancers
to a first-aid station at the bottom
of the slide at which refreshments
will be served.
Sub-committee chairmen for the
dance arc: decorations, Joan Geisi
and Allyce Whitted; refreshments,
Anne Spencer; orchestra, Vivian
Cortese; tickets, Elaine Richardson;
arrangements, Noreen Evans and
Lilian Sidwell; clean-up, Jean Delp;
publicity, Barbara Carter and Mar
tha Schwimley.
Tickets for the Union Unit closed
"Ski Spree," starting at 9 p.m. Sat
urday, will go on sale today from
6:30 to 7 p.m. in the lobby of Union
residence, announced Annette Ga
tuccio, chairman of the dance. Tick
ets will be on sale through Friday,
and since there are a limited num
ber of bids they will go to first
comers. They will sell for $1.50.
The Women's Clubhouse will be
turned into a ski lodge for the in
formal event. Decorations will in
clude a fireplace, posters, ski equip
ment, and cotton snow. The atmos
phere will be reminiscent of the
Sierra's lodges which are so popu
lar among Stanford students, said
Miss Gatuccio.
Art Weidner and his orchestra
will provide music for dancing in
the upstairs room of the clubhouse.
"Down Ski" signs will lead dancers
to a first-aid station at the bottom
of the slide at which refreshments
will be served.
Sub-committee chairmen for the
dance arc: decorations, Joan Geisi
and Allyce Whitted; refreshments,
Anne Spencer; orchestra, Vivian
Cortese; tickets, Elaine Richardson;
arrangements, Noreen Evans and
Lilian Sidwell; clean-up, Jean Delp;
publicity, Barbara Carter and Mar
tha Schwimley.
Tickets for the Union Unit closed
"Ski Spree," starting at 9 p.m. Sat
urday, will go on sale today from
6:30 to 7 p.m. in the lobby of Union
residence, announced Annette Ga
tuccio, chairman of the dance. Tick
ets will be on sale through Friday,
and since there are a limited num
ber of bids they will go to first
comers. They will sell for $1.50.
The Women's Clubhouse will be
turned into a ski lodge for the in
formal event. Decorations will in
clude a fireplace, posters, ski equip
ment, and cotton snow. The atmos
phere will be reminiscent of the
Sierra's lodges which are so popu
lar among Stanford students, said
Miss Gatuccio.
Art Weidner and his orchestra
will provide music for dancing in
the upstairs room of the clubhouse.
"Down Ski" signs will lead dancers
to a first-aid station at the bottom
of the slide at which refreshments
will be served.
Sub-committee chairmen for the
dance arc: decorations, Joan Geisi
and Allyce Whitted; refreshments,
Anne Spencer; orchestra, Vivian
Cortese; tickets, Elaine Richardson;
arrangements, Noreen Evans and
Lilian Sidwell; clean-up, Jean Delp;
publicity, Barbara Carter and Mar
tha Schwimley.
Tickets for the Union Unit closed
"Ski Spree," starting at 9 p.m. Sat
urday, will go on sale today from
6:30 to 7 p.m. in the lobby of Union
residence, announced Annette Ga
tuccio, chairman of the dance. Tick
ets will be on sale through Friday,
and since there are a limited num
ber of bids they will go to first
comers. They will sell for $1.50.
The Women's Clubhouse will be
turned into a ski lodge for the in
formal event. Decorations will in
clude a fireplace, posters, ski equip
ment, and cotton snow. The atmos
phere will be reminiscent of the
Sierra's lodges which are so popu
lar among Stanford students, said
Miss Gatuccio.
Art Weidner and his orchestra
will provide music for dancing in
the upstairs room of the clubhouse.
"Down Ski" signs will lead dancers
to a first-aid station at the bottom
of the slide at which refreshments
will be served.
Sub-committee chairmen for the
dance arc: decorations, Joan Geisi
and Allyce Whitted; refreshments,
Anne Spencer; orchestra, Vivian
Cortese; tickets, Elaine Richardson;
arrangements, Noreen Evans and
Lilian Sidwell; clean-up, Jean Delp;
publicity, Barbara Carter and Mar
tha Schwimley.
Tickets for the Union Unit closed
"Ski Spree," starting at 9 p.m. Sat
urday, will go on sale today from
6:30 to 7 p.m. in the lobby of Union
residence, announced Annette Ga
tuccio, chairman of the dance. Tick
ets will be on sale through Friday,
and since there are a limited num
ber of bids they will go to first
comers. They will sell for $1.50.
The Women's Clubhouse will be
turned into a ski lodge for the in
formal event. Decorations will in
clude a fireplace, posters, ski equip
ment, and cotton snow. The atmos
phere will be reminiscent of the
Sierra's lodges which are so popu
lar among Stanford students, said
Miss Gatuccio.
Art Weidner and his orchestra
will provide music for dancing in
the upstairs room of the clubhouse.
"Down Ski" signs will lead dancers
to a first-aid station at the bottom
of the slide at which refreshments
will be served.
Sub-committee chairmen for the
dance arc: decorations, Joan Geisi
and Allyce Whitted; refreshments,
Anne Spencer; orchestra, Vivian
Cortese; tickets, Elaine Richardson;
arrangements, Noreen Evans and
Lilian Sidwell; clean-up, Jean Delp;
publicity, Barbara Carter and Mar
tha Schwimley.
Tickets for the Union Unit closed
"Ski Spree," starting at 9 p.m. Sat
urday, will go on sale today from
6:30 to 7 p.m. in the lobby of Union
residence, announced Annette Ga
tuccio, chairman of the dance. Tick
ets will be on sale through Friday,
and since there are a limited num
ber of bids they will go to first
comers. They will sell for $1.50.
The Women's Clubhouse will be
turned into a ski lodge for the in
formal event. Decorations will in
clude a fireplace, posters, ski equip
ment, and cotton snow. The atmos
phere will be reminiscent of the
Sierra's lodges which are so popu
lar among Stanford students, said
Miss Gatuccio.
Art Weidner and his orchestra
will provide music for dancing in
the upstairs room of the clubhouse.
"Down Ski" signs will lead dancers
to a first-aid station at the bottom
of the slide at which refreshments
will be served.
Sub-committee chairmen for the
dance arc: decorations, Joan Geisi
and Allyce Whitted; refreshments,
Anne Spencer; orchestra, Vivian
Cortese; tickets, Elaine Richardson;
arrangements, Noreen Evans and
Lilian Sidwell; clean-up, Jean Delp;
publicity, Barbara Carter and Mar
tha Schwimley.
Tickets for the Union Unit closed
"Ski Spree," starting at 9 p.m. Sat
urday, will go on sale today from
6:30 to 7 p.m. in the lobby of Union
residence, announced Annette Ga
tuccio, chairman of the dance. Tick
ets will be on sale through Friday,
and since there are a limited num
ber of bids they will go to first
comers. They will sell for $1.50.
The Women's Clubhouse will be
turned into a ski lodge for the in
formal event. Decorations will in
clude a fireplace, posters, ski equip
ment, and cotton snow. The atmos
phere will be reminiscent of the
Sierra's lodges which are so popu
lar among Stanford students, said
Miss Gatuccio.
Art Weidner and his orchestra
will provide music for dancing in
the upstairs room of the clubhouse.
"Down Ski" signs will lead dancers
to a first-aid station at the bottom
of the slide at which refreshments
will be served.
Sub-committee chairmen for the
dance arc: decorations, Joan Geisi
and Allyce Whitted; refreshments,
Anne Spencer; orchestra, Vivian
Cortese; tickets, Elaine Richardson;
arrangements, Noreen Evans and
Lilian Sidwell; clean-up, Jean Delp;
publicity, Barbara Carter and Mar
tha Schwimley.
Tickets for the Union Unit closed
"Ski Spree," starting at 9 p.m. Sat
urday, will go on sale today from
6:30 to 7 p.m. in the lobby of Union
residence, announced Annette Ga
tuccio, chairman of the dance. Tick
ets will be on sale through Friday,
and since there are a limited num
ber of bids they will go to first
comers. They will sell for $1.50.
The Women's Clubhouse will be
turned into a ski lodge for the in
formal event. Decorations will in
clude a fireplace, posters, ski equip
ment, and cotton snow. The atmos
phere will be reminiscent of the
Sierra's lodges which are so popu
lar among Stanford students, said
Miss Gatuccio.
Art Weidner and his orchestra
will provide music for dancing in
the upstairs room of the clubhouse.
"Down Ski" signs will lead dancers
to a first-aid station at the bottom
of the slide at which refreshments
will be served.
Sub-committee chairmen for the
dance arc: decorations, Joan Geisi
and Allyce Whitted; refreshments,
Anne Spencer; orchestra, Vivian
Cortese; tickets, Elaine Richardson;
arrangements, Noreen Evans and
Lilian Sidwell; clean-up, Jean Delp;
publicity, Barbara Carter and Mar
tha Schwimley.
Tickets for the Union Unit closed
"Ski Spree," starting at 9 p.m. Sat
urday, will go on sale today from
6:30 to 7 p.m. in the lobby of Union
residence, announced Annette Ga
tuccio, chairman of the dance. Tick
ets will be on sale through Friday,
and since there are a limited num
ber of bids they will go to first
comers. They will sell for $1.50.
The Women's Clubhouse will be
turned into a ski lodge for the in
formal event. Decorations will in
clude a fireplace, posters, ski equip
ment, and cotton snow. The atmos
phere will be reminiscent of the
Sierra's lodges which are so popu
lar among Stanford students, said
Miss Gatuccio.
Art Weidner and his orchestra
will provide music for dancing in
the upstairs room of the clubhouse.
"Down Ski" signs will lead dancers
to a first-aid station at the bottom
of the slide at which refreshments
will be served.
Sub-committee chairmen for the
dance arc: decorations, Joan Geisi
and Allyce Whitted; refreshments,
Anne Spencer; orchestra, Vivian
Cortese; tickets, Elaine Richardson;
arrangements, Noreen Evans and
Lilian Sidwell; clean-up, Jean Delp;
publicity, Barbara Carter and Mar
tha Schwimley.
