# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Jefferson Hall has invited Casa
Ventura for a fireside Friday, ac
cording to Jack MeCorkle, Jefferson
social chairman.
Jefferson Hall has invited Casa
Ventura for a fireside Friday, ac
cording to Jack MeCorkle, Jefferson
social chairman.
Jefferson Hall has invited Casa
Ventura for a fireside Friday, ac
cording to Jack MeCorkle, Jefferson
social chairman.
Jefferson Hall has invited Casa
Ventura for a fireside Friday, ac
cording to Jack MeCorkle, Jefferson
social chairman.
Jefferson Hall has invited Casa
Ventura for a fireside Friday, ac
cording to Jack MeCorkle, Jefferson
social chairman.
Jefferson Hall has invited Casa
Ventura for a fireside Friday, ac
cording to Jack MeCorkle, Jefferson
social chairman.
Jefferson Hall has invited Casa
Ventura for a fireside Friday, ac
cording to Jack MeCorkle, Jefferson
social chairman.
Jefferson Hall has invited Casa
Ventura for a fireside Friday, ac
cording to Jack MeCorkle, Jefferson
social chairman.
Jefferson Hall has invited Casa
Ventura for a fireside Friday, ac
cording to Jack MeCorkle, Jefferson
social chairman.
Jefferson Hall has invited Casa
Ventura for a fireside Friday, ac
cording to Jack MeCorkle, Jefferson
social chairman.
Jefferson Hall has invited Casa
Ventura for a fireside Friday, ac
cording to Jack MeCorkle, Jefferson
social chairman.
Jefferson Hall has invited Casa
Ventura for a fireside Friday, ac
cording to Jack MeCorkle, Jefferson
social chairman.
Jefferson Hall has invited Casa
Ventura for a fireside Friday, ac
cording to Jack MeCorkle, Jefferson
social chairman.
Jefferson Hall has invited Casa
Ventura for a fireside Friday, ac
cording to Jack MeCorkle, Jefferson
social chairman.
Jefferson Hall has invited Casa
Ventura for a fireside Friday, ac
cording to Jack MeCorkle, Jefferson
social chairman.
