# First Round of Handball Tourney Starts January 23
## 
### 
With the gymnasium left almost en
tirely for handball practice by the
moving of varsity and basketball
squads to the new pavilion, handball
men are having more opportunity to
round themselves into shape for the
coming tourney. As a result, some
fast tilts are in store for handball
fans when the first singles jround
starts, January 23, in Encina Gym.
Cloud Rutter and M. Cohen, two of
the most formidable players on the
campus, have entered. Schedules for
the first round will be announced to
morrow.
With the gymnasium left almost en
tirely for handball practice by the
moving of varsity and basketball
squads to the new pavilion, handball
men are having more opportunity to
round themselves into shape for the
coming tourney. As a result, some
fast tilts are in store for handball
fans when the first singles jround
starts, January 23, in Encina Gym.
Cloud Rutter and M. Cohen, two of
the most formidable players on the
campus, have entered. Schedules for
the first round will be announced to
morrow.
With the gymnasium left almost en
tirely for handball practice by the
moving of varsity and basketball
squads to the new pavilion, handball
men are having more opportunity to
round themselves into shape for the
coming tourney. As a result, some
fast tilts are in store for handball
fans when the first singles jround
starts, January 23, in Encina Gym.
Cloud Rutter and M. Cohen, two of
the most formidable players on the
campus, have entered. Schedules for
the first round will be announced to
morrow.
With the gymnasium left almost en
tirely for handball practice by the
moving of varsity and basketball
squads to the new pavilion, handball
men are having more opportunity to
round themselves into shape for the
coming tourney. As a result, some
fast tilts are in store for handball
fans when the first singles jround
starts, January 23, in Encina Gym.
Cloud Rutter and M. Cohen, two of
the most formidable players on the
campus, have entered. Schedules for
the first round will be announced to
morrow.
With the gymnasium left almost en
tirely for handball practice by the
moving of varsity and basketball
squads to the new pavilion, handball
men are having more opportunity to
round themselves into shape for the
coming tourney. As a result, some
fast tilts are in store for handball
fans when the first singles jround
starts, January 23, in Encina Gym.
Cloud Rutter and M. Cohen, two of
the most formidable players on the
campus, have entered. Schedules for
the first round will be announced to
morrow.
With the gymnasium left almost en
tirely for handball practice by the
moving of varsity and basketball
squads to the new pavilion, handball
men are having more opportunity to
round themselves into shape for the
coming tourney. As a result, some
fast tilts are in store for handball
fans when the first singles jround
starts, January 23, in Encina Gym.
Cloud Rutter and M. Cohen, two of
the most formidable players on the
campus, have entered. Schedules for
the first round will be announced to
morrow.
With the gymnasium left almost en
tirely for handball practice by the
moving of varsity and basketball
squads to the new pavilion, handball
men are having more opportunity to
round themselves into shape for the
coming tourney. As a result, some
fast tilts are in store for handball
fans when the first singles jround
starts, January 23, in Encina Gym.
Cloud Rutter and M. Cohen, two of
the most formidable players on the
campus, have entered. Schedules for
the first round will be announced to
morrow.
With the gymnasium left almost en
tirely for handball practice by the
moving of varsity and basketball
squads to the new pavilion, handball
men are having more opportunity to
round themselves into shape for the
coming tourney. As a result, some
fast tilts are in store for handball
fans when the first singles jround
starts, January 23, in Encina Gym.
Cloud Rutter and M. Cohen, two of
the most formidable players on the
campus, have entered. Schedules for
the first round will be announced to
morrow.
With the gymnasium left almost en
tirely for handball practice by the
moving of varsity and basketball
squads to the new pavilion, handball
men are having more opportunity to
round themselves into shape for the
coming tourney. As a result, some
fast tilts are in store for handball
fans when the first singles jround
starts, January 23, in Encina Gym.
Cloud Rutter and M. Cohen, two of
the most formidable players on the
campus, have entered. Schedules for
the first round will be announced to
morrow.
With the gymnasium left almost en
tirely for handball practice by the
moving of varsity and basketball
squads to the new pavilion, handball
men are having more opportunity to
round themselves into shape for the
coming tourney. As a result, some
fast tilts are in store for handball
fans when the first singles jround
starts, January 23, in Encina Gym.
Cloud Rutter and M. Cohen, two of
the most formidable players on the
campus, have entered. Schedules for
the first round will be announced to
morrow.
With the gymnasium left almost en
tirely for handball practice by the
moving of varsity and basketball
squads to the new pavilion, handball
men are having more opportunity to
round themselves into shape for the
coming tourney. As a result, some
fast tilts are in store for handball
fans when the first singles jround
starts, January 23, in Encina Gym.
Cloud Rutter and M. Cohen, two of
the most formidable players on the
campus, have entered. Schedules for
the first round will be announced to
morrow.
With the gymnasium left almost en
tirely for handball practice by the
moving of varsity and basketball
squads to the new pavilion, handball
men are having more opportunity to
round themselves into shape for the
coming tourney. As a result, some
fast tilts are in store for handball
fans when the first singles jround
starts, January 23, in Encina Gym.
Cloud Rutter and M. Cohen, two of
the most formidable players on the
campus, have entered. Schedules for
the first round will be announced to
morrow.
With the gymnasium left almost en
tirely for handball practice by the
moving of varsity and basketball
squads to the new pavilion, handball
men are having more opportunity to
round themselves into shape for the
coming tourney. As a result, some
fast tilts are in store for handball
fans when the first singles jround
starts, January 23, in Encina Gym.
Cloud Rutter and M. Cohen, two of
the most formidable players on the
campus, have entered. Schedules for
the first round will be announced to
morrow.
With the gymnasium left almost en
tirely for handball practice by the
moving of varsity and basketball
squads to the new pavilion, handball
men are having more opportunity to
round themselves into shape for the
coming tourney. As a result, some
fast tilts are in store for handball
fans when the first singles jround
starts, January 23, in Encina Gym.
Cloud Rutter and M. Cohen, two of
the most formidable players on the
campus, have entered. Schedules for
the first round will be announced to
morrow.
