# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Stanford Music
Club to Meet
Music Club will hold its quarterly
tryouts for membership next Thursday,
anuary 9, at 4 o'clock in Room 84. Sev
eral vacancies in the club offer splendid
opportunities for vocalists, especially
men, cellists, and flutists. Miss Kather
ine Huntington, '19, president, urges all
students who are interested in music to
try out.
Stanford Music
Club to Meet
Music Club will hold its quarterly
tryouts for membership next Thursday,
anuary 9, at 4 o'clock in Room 84. Sev
eral vacancies in the club offer splendid
opportunities for vocalists, especially
men, cellists, and flutists. Miss Kather
ine Huntington, '19, president, urges all
students who are interested in music to
try out.
Stanford Music
Club to Meet
Music Club will hold its quarterly
tryouts for membership next Thursday,
anuary 9, at 4 o'clock in Room 84. Sev
eral vacancies in the club offer splendid
opportunities for vocalists, especially
men, cellists, and flutists. Miss Kather
ine Huntington, '19, president, urges all
students who are interested in music to
try out.
Stanford Music
Club to Meet
Music Club will hold its quarterly
tryouts for membership next Thursday,
anuary 9, at 4 o'clock in Room 84. Sev
eral vacancies in the club offer splendid
opportunities for vocalists, especially
men, cellists, and flutists. Miss Kather
ine Huntington, '19, president, urges all
students who are interested in music to
try out.
Stanford Music
Club to Meet
Music Club will hold its quarterly
tryouts for membership next Thursday,
anuary 9, at 4 o'clock in Room 84. Sev
eral vacancies in the club offer splendid
opportunities for vocalists, especially
men, cellists, and flutists. Miss Kather
ine Huntington, '19, president, urges all
students who are interested in music to
try out.
Stanford Music
Club to Meet
Music Club will hold its quarterly
tryouts for membership next Thursday,
anuary 9, at 4 o'clock in Room 84. Sev
eral vacancies in the club offer splendid
opportunities for vocalists, especially
men, cellists, and flutists. Miss Kather
ine Huntington, '19, president, urges all
students who are interested in music to
try out.
Stanford Music
Club to Meet
Music Club will hold its quarterly
tryouts for membership next Thursday,
anuary 9, at 4 o'clock in Room 84. Sev
eral vacancies in the club offer splendid
opportunities for vocalists, especially
men, cellists, and flutists. Miss Kather
ine Huntington, '19, president, urges all
students who are interested in music to
try out.
Stanford Music
Club to Meet
Music Club will hold its quarterly
tryouts for membership next Thursday,
anuary 9, at 4 o'clock in Room 84. Sev
eral vacancies in the club offer splendid
opportunities for vocalists, especially
men, cellists, and flutists. Miss Kather
ine Huntington, '19, president, urges all
students who are interested in music to
try out.
Stanford Music
Club to Meet
Music Club will hold its quarterly
tryouts for membership next Thursday,
anuary 9, at 4 o'clock in Room 84. Sev
eral vacancies in the club offer splendid
opportunities for vocalists, especially
men, cellists, and flutists. Miss Kather
ine Huntington, '19, president, urges all
students who are interested in music to
try out.
Stanford Music
Club to Meet
Music Club will hold its quarterly
tryouts for membership next Thursday,
anuary 9, at 4 o'clock in Room 84. Sev
eral vacancies in the club offer splendid
opportunities for vocalists, especially
men, cellists, and flutists. Miss Kather
ine Huntington, '19, president, urges all
students who are interested in music to
try out.
Stanford Music
Club to Meet
Music Club will hold its quarterly
tryouts for membership next Thursday,
anuary 9, at 4 o'clock in Room 84. Sev
eral vacancies in the club offer splendid
opportunities for vocalists, especially
men, cellists, and flutists. Miss Kather
ine Huntington, '19, president, urges all
students who are interested in music to
try out.
Stanford Music
Club to Meet
Music Club will hold its quarterly
tryouts for membership next Thursday,
anuary 9, at 4 o'clock in Room 84. Sev
eral vacancies in the club offer splendid
opportunities for vocalists, especially
men, cellists, and flutists. Miss Kather
ine Huntington, '19, president, urges all
students who are interested in music to
try out.
Stanford Music
Club to Meet
Music Club will hold its quarterly
tryouts for membership next Thursday,
anuary 9, at 4 o'clock in Room 84. Sev
eral vacancies in the club offer splendid
opportunities for vocalists, especially
men, cellists, and flutists. Miss Kather
ine Huntington, '19, president, urges all
students who are interested in music to
try out.
