# Bureau To Hold Speech Auditions
## 
### 
Review Board for those who have
prepared speeches for the Speakers'
Bureau will be held Wednesday
starting at 1 o'clock. Tryoutees
should sec Chuck Schafer, manager,
from 1 to 3 o'clock in Room 14, Old
Union, to arrange a time and to re
port on the progress of their work.
Reviewers will consist of Kay Ar-
Ihur, Mr. D. P. McKelvey, faculty
adviser, Schafer, and two others who
will he appointed to replace the
traveling debaters Jim Reynolds and
Edward Lindblom.
There wiil be one or two more
Review Boards one to be held next
week. Others will be held as speak
ers arc ready to give their talks.
Those who pass this quarter will be
put on the list for next year. Quad
pictures for the Speakers' Bureau
will be held at 12:45 in Union Court,
this Thursday.
