# St. Mary's Awards Basketball Letters
## 
### 
The varsity committee of the As
sociated Students of St. Mary's Col
lege has awarded basketball sweat
ers to fourteen members of the var
sity and freshman teams.
Watch charm gold basketballs will
also be presented to all members of
the varsity squad and Coach Jimmy
Underhill for their victory in the
Northern California Conference
championships.
The varsity committee of the As
sociated Students of St. Mary's Col
lege has awarded basketball sweat
ers to fourteen members of the var
sity and freshman teams.
Watch charm gold basketballs will
also be presented to all members of
the varsity squad and Coach Jimmy
Underhill for their victory in the
Northern California Conference
championships.
The varsity committee of the As
sociated Students of St. Mary's Col
lege has awarded basketball sweat
ers to fourteen members of the var
sity and freshman teams.
Watch charm gold basketballs will
also be presented to all members of
the varsity squad and Coach Jimmy
Underhill for their victory in the
Northern California Conference
championships.
The varsity committee of the As
sociated Students of St. Mary's Col
lege has awarded basketball sweat
ers to fourteen members of the var
sity and freshman teams.
Watch charm gold basketballs will
also be presented to all members of
the varsity squad and Coach Jimmy
Underhill for their victory in the
Northern California Conference
championships.
The varsity committee of the As
sociated Students of St. Mary's Col
lege has awarded basketball sweat
ers to fourteen members of the var
sity and freshman teams.
Watch charm gold basketballs will
also be presented to all members of
the varsity squad and Coach Jimmy
Underhill for their victory in the
Northern California Conference
championships.
The varsity committee of the As
sociated Students of St. Mary's Col
lege has awarded basketball sweat
ers to fourteen members of the var
sity and freshman teams.
Watch charm gold basketballs will
also be presented to all members of
the varsity squad and Coach Jimmy
Underhill for their victory in the
Northern California Conference
championships.
The varsity committee of the As
sociated Students of St. Mary's Col
lege has awarded basketball sweat
ers to fourteen members of the var
sity and freshman teams.
Watch charm gold basketballs will
also be presented to all members of
the varsity squad and Coach Jimmy
Underhill for their victory in the
Northern California Conference
championships.
The varsity committee of the As
sociated Students of St. Mary's Col
lege has awarded basketball sweat
ers to fourteen members of the var
sity and freshman teams.
Watch charm gold basketballs will
also be presented to all members of
the varsity squad and Coach Jimmy
Underhill for their victory in the
Northern California Conference
championships.
The varsity committee of the As
sociated Students of St. Mary's Col
lege has awarded basketball sweat
ers to fourteen members of the var
sity and freshman teams.
Watch charm gold basketballs will
also be presented to all members of
the varsity squad and Coach Jimmy
Underhill for their victory in the
Northern California Conference
championships.
The varsity committee of the As
sociated Students of St. Mary's Col
lege has awarded basketball sweat
ers to fourteen members of the var
sity and freshman teams.
Watch charm gold basketballs will
also be presented to all members of
the varsity squad and Coach Jimmy
Underhill for their victory in the
Northern California Conference
championships.
The varsity committee of the As
sociated Students of St. Mary's Col
lege has awarded basketball sweat
ers to fourteen members of the var
sity and freshman teams.
Watch charm gold basketballs will
also be presented to all members of
the varsity squad and Coach Jimmy
Underhill for their victory in the
Northern California Conference
championships.
The varsity committee of the As
sociated Students of St. Mary's Col
lege has awarded basketball sweat
ers to fourteen members of the var
sity and freshman teams.
Watch charm gold basketballs will
also be presented to all members of
the varsity squad and Coach Jimmy
Underhill for their victory in the
Northern California Conference
championships.
The varsity committee of the As
sociated Students of St. Mary's Col
lege has awarded basketball sweat
ers to fourteen members of the var
sity and freshman teams.
Watch charm gold basketballs will
also be presented to all members of
the varsity squad and Coach Jimmy
Underhill for their victory in the
Northern California Conference
championships.
The varsity committee of the As
sociated Students of St. Mary's Col
lege has awarded basketball sweat
ers to fourteen members of the var
sity and freshman teams.
Watch charm gold basketballs will
also be presented to all members of
the varsity squad and Coach Jimmy
Underhill for their victory in the
Northern California Conference
championships.
The varsity committee of the As
sociated Students of St. Mary's Col
lege has awarded basketball sweat
ers to fourteen members of the var
sity and freshman teams.
Watch charm gold basketballs will
also be presented to all members of
the varsity squad and Coach Jimmy
Underhill for their victory in the
Northern California Conference
championships.
