# MONTEZUMA DEFEATED
## 
### 
San Rafael Military Academy de
feated the Montezuma School nine
Saturday afternoon in the Northern
California Private School League's
opener. •
San Rafael Military Academy de
feated the Montezuma School nine
Saturday afternoon in the Northern
California Private School League's
opener. •
San Rafael Military Academy de
feated the Montezuma School nine
Saturday afternoon in the Northern
California Private School League's
opener. •
San Rafael Military Academy de
feated the Montezuma School nine
Saturday afternoon in the Northern
California Private School League's
opener. •
San Rafael Military Academy de
feated the Montezuma School nine
Saturday afternoon in the Northern
California Private School League's
opener. •
San Rafael Military Academy de
feated the Montezuma School nine
Saturday afternoon in the Northern
California Private School League's
opener. •
San Rafael Military Academy de
feated the Montezuma School nine
Saturday afternoon in the Northern
California Private School League's
opener. •
San Rafael Military Academy de
feated the Montezuma School nine
Saturday afternoon in the Northern
California Private School League's
opener. •
San Rafael Military Academy de
feated the Montezuma School nine
Saturday afternoon in the Northern
California Private School League's
opener. •
San Rafael Military Academy de
feated the Montezuma School nine
Saturday afternoon in the Northern
California Private School League's
opener. •
San Rafael Military Academy de
feated the Montezuma School nine
Saturday afternoon in the Northern
California Private School League's
opener. •
San Rafael Military Academy de
feated the Montezuma School nine
Saturday afternoon in the Northern
California Private School League's
opener. •
San Rafael Military Academy de
feated the Montezuma School nine
Saturday afternoon in the Northern
California Private School League's
opener. •
San Rafael Military Academy de
feated the Montezuma School nine
Saturday afternoon in the Northern
California Private School League's
opener. •
San Rafael Military Academy de
feated the Montezuma School nine
Saturday afternoon in the Northern
California Private School League's
opener. •
