# Untitled Article
## 
### 

STANFORD'S TOP shot-puttor, A 1 Cheney holds the University's
record with 55 feet, 7% inehes. Charlie Butt of Cal is favored to
win the event and sot a meet record. Cheney, however, is a threat.

STANFORD'S TOP shot-puttor, A 1 Cheney holds the University's
record with 55 feet, 7% inehes. Charlie Butt of Cal is favored to
win the event and sot a meet record. Cheney, however, is a threat.

STANFORD'S TOP shot-puttor, A 1 Cheney holds the University's
record with 55 feet, 7% inehes. Charlie Butt of Cal is favored to
win the event and sot a meet record. Cheney, however, is a threat.

STANFORD'S TOP shot-puttor, A 1 Cheney holds the University's
record with 55 feet, 7% inehes. Charlie Butt of Cal is favored to
win the event and sot a meet record. Cheney, however, is a threat.

STANFORD'S TOP shot-puttor, A 1 Cheney holds the University's
record with 55 feet, 7% inehes. Charlie Butt of Cal is favored to
win the event and sot a meet record. Cheney, however, is a threat.

STANFORD'S TOP shot-puttor, A 1 Cheney holds the University's
record with 55 feet, 7% inehes. Charlie Butt of Cal is favored to
win the event and sot a meet record. Cheney, however, is a threat.

STANFORD'S TOP shot-puttor, A 1 Cheney holds the University's
record with 55 feet, 7% inehes. Charlie Butt of Cal is favored to
win the event and sot a meet record. Cheney, however, is a threat.

STANFORD'S TOP shot-puttor, A 1 Cheney holds the University's
record with 55 feet, 7% inehes. Charlie Butt of Cal is favored to
win the event and sot a meet record. Cheney, however, is a threat.

STANFORD'S TOP shot-puttor, A 1 Cheney holds the University's
record with 55 feet, 7% inehes. Charlie Butt of Cal is favored to
win the event and sot a meet record. Cheney, however, is a threat.

STANFORD'S TOP shot-puttor, A 1 Cheney holds the University's
record with 55 feet, 7% inehes. Charlie Butt of Cal is favored to
win the event and sot a meet record. Cheney, however, is a threat.

STANFORD'S TOP shot-puttor, A 1 Cheney holds the University's
record with 55 feet, 7% inehes. Charlie Butt of Cal is favored to
win the event and sot a meet record. Cheney, however, is a threat.

STANFORD'S TOP shot-puttor, A 1 Cheney holds the University's
record with 55 feet, 7% inehes. Charlie Butt of Cal is favored to
win the event and sot a meet record. Cheney, however, is a threat.

STANFORD'S TOP shot-puttor, A 1 Cheney holds the University's
record with 55 feet, 7% inehes. Charlie Butt of Cal is favored to
win the event and sot a meet record. Cheney, however, is a threat.

STANFORD'S TOP shot-puttor, A 1 Cheney holds the University's
record with 55 feet, 7% inehes. Charlie Butt of Cal is favored to
win the event and sot a meet record. Cheney, however, is a threat.

STANFORD'S TOP shot-puttor, A 1 Cheney holds the University's
record with 55 feet, 7% inehes. Charlie Butt of Cal is favored to
win the event and sot a meet record. Cheney, however, is a threat.
