# Under the Weather
## 
### 
Men's Rest Home: Jack Jessen,
Serguey Kondratieff, Curtis
Krock, Michael Montgomery, Mor
gan Woollett.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bro
phy, Thomas Brown, John Fot
tfell. Bert el Kleerup, Eduardo
Maal, Helen Mutton, Ronald New
man.
Women's Rest Home: Margaret
Boot he, Gail Fowler, Mary Met
tler.
Men's Rest Home: Jack Jessen,
Serguey Kondratieff, Curtis
Krock, Michael Montgomery, Mor
gan Woollett.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bro
phy, Thomas Brown, John Fot
tfell. Bert el Kleerup, Eduardo
Maal, Helen Mutton, Ronald New
man.
Women's Rest Home: Margaret
Boot he, Gail Fowler, Mary Met
tler.
Men's Rest Home: Jack Jessen,
Serguey Kondratieff, Curtis
Krock, Michael Montgomery, Mor
gan Woollett.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bro
phy, Thomas Brown, John Fot
tfell. Bert el Kleerup, Eduardo
Maal, Helen Mutton, Ronald New
man.
Women's Rest Home: Margaret
Boot he, Gail Fowler, Mary Met
tler.
Men's Rest Home: Jack Jessen,
Serguey Kondratieff, Curtis
Krock, Michael Montgomery, Mor
gan Woollett.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bro
phy, Thomas Brown, John Fot
tfell. Bert el Kleerup, Eduardo
Maal, Helen Mutton, Ronald New
man.
Women's Rest Home: Margaret
Boot he, Gail Fowler, Mary Met
tler.
Men's Rest Home: Jack Jessen,
Serguey Kondratieff, Curtis
Krock, Michael Montgomery, Mor
gan Woollett.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bro
phy, Thomas Brown, John Fot
tfell. Bert el Kleerup, Eduardo
Maal, Helen Mutton, Ronald New
man.
Women's Rest Home: Margaret
Boot he, Gail Fowler, Mary Met
tler.
Men's Rest Home: Jack Jessen,
Serguey Kondratieff, Curtis
Krock, Michael Montgomery, Mor
gan Woollett.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bro
phy, Thomas Brown, John Fot
tfell. Bert el Kleerup, Eduardo
Maal, Helen Mutton, Ronald New
man.
Women's Rest Home: Margaret
Boot he, Gail Fowler, Mary Met
tler.
Men's Rest Home: Jack Jessen,
Serguey Kondratieff, Curtis
Krock, Michael Montgomery, Mor
gan Woollett.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bro
phy, Thomas Brown, John Fot
tfell. Bert el Kleerup, Eduardo
Maal, Helen Mutton, Ronald New
man.
Women's Rest Home: Margaret
Boot he, Gail Fowler, Mary Met
tler.
Men's Rest Home: Jack Jessen,
Serguey Kondratieff, Curtis
Krock, Michael Montgomery, Mor
gan Woollett.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bro
phy, Thomas Brown, John Fot
tfell. Bert el Kleerup, Eduardo
Maal, Helen Mutton, Ronald New
man.
Women's Rest Home: Margaret
Boot he, Gail Fowler, Mary Met
tler.
Men's Rest Home: Jack Jessen,
Serguey Kondratieff, Curtis
Krock, Michael Montgomery, Mor
gan Woollett.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bro
phy, Thomas Brown, John Fot
tfell. Bert el Kleerup, Eduardo
Maal, Helen Mutton, Ronald New
man.
Women's Rest Home: Margaret
Boot he, Gail Fowler, Mary Met
tler.
Men's Rest Home: Jack Jessen,
Serguey Kondratieff, Curtis
Krock, Michael Montgomery, Mor
gan Woollett.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bro
phy, Thomas Brown, John Fot
tfell. Bert el Kleerup, Eduardo
Maal, Helen Mutton, Ronald New
man.
Women's Rest Home: Margaret
Boot he, Gail Fowler, Mary Met
tler.
Men's Rest Home: Jack Jessen,
Serguey Kondratieff, Curtis
Krock, Michael Montgomery, Mor
gan Woollett.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bro
phy, Thomas Brown, John Fot
tfell. Bert el Kleerup, Eduardo
Maal, Helen Mutton, Ronald New
man.
Women's Rest Home: Margaret
Boot he, Gail Fowler, Mary Met
tler.
Men's Rest Home: Jack Jessen,
Serguey Kondratieff, Curtis
Krock, Michael Montgomery, Mor
gan Woollett.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bro
phy, Thomas Brown, John Fot
tfell. Bert el Kleerup, Eduardo
Maal, Helen Mutton, Ronald New
man.
Women's Rest Home: Margaret
Boot he, Gail Fowler, Mary Met
tler.
Men's Rest Home: Jack Jessen,
Serguey Kondratieff, Curtis
Krock, Michael Montgomery, Mor
gan Woollett.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bro
phy, Thomas Brown, John Fot
tfell. Bert el Kleerup, Eduardo
Maal, Helen Mutton, Ronald New
man.
Women's Rest Home: Margaret
Boot he, Gail Fowler, Mary Met
tler.
Men's Rest Home: Jack Jessen,
Serguey Kondratieff, Curtis
Krock, Michael Montgomery, Mor
gan Woollett.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bro
phy, Thomas Brown, John Fot
tfell. Bert el Kleerup, Eduardo
Maal, Helen Mutton, Ronald New
man.
Women's Rest Home: Margaret
Boot he, Gail Fowler, Mary Met
tler.
Men's Rest Home: Jack Jessen,
Serguey Kondratieff, Curtis
Krock, Michael Montgomery, Mor
gan Woollett.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bro
phy, Thomas Brown, John Fot
tfell. Bert el Kleerup, Eduardo
Maal, Helen Mutton, Ronald New
man.
Women's Rest Home: Margaret
Boot he, Gail Fowler, Mary Met
tler.
