# Stern-Toyon Dance Set for Tomorrow
## 
### 
Hal Sander's banrt will set the
tempo for the annual Stcrn-Toyon
spring formal tomorrow night
from P to 1.
Scene of this year's dance will
be the Lake Merced Golf and
Country Club.
Hal Sander's banrt will set the
tempo for the annual Stcrn-Toyon
spring formal tomorrow night
from P to 1.
Scene of this year's dance will
be the Lake Merced Golf and
Country Club.
Hal Sander's banrt will set the
tempo for the annual Stcrn-Toyon
spring formal tomorrow night
from P to 1.
Scene of this year's dance will
be the Lake Merced Golf and
Country Club.
Hal Sander's banrt will set the
tempo for the annual Stcrn-Toyon
spring formal tomorrow night
from P to 1.
Scene of this year's dance will
be the Lake Merced Golf and
Country Club.
Hal Sander's banrt will set the
tempo for the annual Stcrn-Toyon
spring formal tomorrow night
from P to 1.
Scene of this year's dance will
be the Lake Merced Golf and
Country Club.
Hal Sander's banrt will set the
tempo for the annual Stcrn-Toyon
spring formal tomorrow night
from P to 1.
Scene of this year's dance will
be the Lake Merced Golf and
Country Club.
Hal Sander's banrt will set the
tempo for the annual Stcrn-Toyon
spring formal tomorrow night
from P to 1.
Scene of this year's dance will
be the Lake Merced Golf and
Country Club.
Hal Sander's banrt will set the
tempo for the annual Stcrn-Toyon
spring formal tomorrow night
from P to 1.
Scene of this year's dance will
be the Lake Merced Golf and
Country Club.
Hal Sander's banrt will set the
tempo for the annual Stcrn-Toyon
spring formal tomorrow night
from P to 1.
Scene of this year's dance will
be the Lake Merced Golf and
Country Club.
Hal Sander's banrt will set the
tempo for the annual Stcrn-Toyon
spring formal tomorrow night
from P to 1.
Scene of this year's dance will
be the Lake Merced Golf and
Country Club.
Hal Sander's banrt will set the
tempo for the annual Stcrn-Toyon
spring formal tomorrow night
from P to 1.
Scene of this year's dance will
be the Lake Merced Golf and
Country Club.
Hal Sander's banrt will set the
tempo for the annual Stcrn-Toyon
spring formal tomorrow night
from P to 1.
Scene of this year's dance will
be the Lake Merced Golf and
Country Club.
Hal Sander's banrt will set the
tempo for the annual Stcrn-Toyon
spring formal tomorrow night
from P to 1.
Scene of this year's dance will
be the Lake Merced Golf and
Country Club.
Hal Sander's banrt will set the
tempo for the annual Stcrn-Toyon
spring formal tomorrow night
from P to 1.
Scene of this year's dance will
be the Lake Merced Golf and
Country Club.
Hal Sander's banrt will set the
tempo for the annual Stcrn-Toyon
spring formal tomorrow night
from P to 1.
Scene of this year's dance will
be the Lake Merced Golf and
Country Club.
