# Junior Class Presents Fireworks and Music
## 
### 
Fireworks and music were Riven at
Lngunita last evening by the junior
class. The music started at 8:30 and
was given by H. D. Marino's Hawaiian
Orchestra. The orchestra specialized
in typical Hawaiian selections.
After an hour of tropical music the
fireworks were shown. The feature
stunt was that of a large '21. This
demonstration was given from the far
side of the lake.
Fireworks and music were Riven at
Lngunita last evening by the junior
class. The music started at 8:30 and
was given by H. D. Marino's Hawaiian
Orchestra. The orchestra specialized
in typical Hawaiian selections.
After an hour of tropical music the
fireworks were shown. The feature
stunt was that of a large '21. This
demonstration was given from the far
side of the lake.
Fireworks and music were Riven at
Lngunita last evening by the junior
class. The music started at 8:30 and
was given by H. D. Marino's Hawaiian
Orchestra. The orchestra specialized
in typical Hawaiian selections.
After an hour of tropical music the
fireworks were shown. The feature
stunt was that of a large '21. This
demonstration was given from the far
side of the lake.
Fireworks and music were Riven at
Lngunita last evening by the junior
class. The music started at 8:30 and
was given by H. D. Marino's Hawaiian
Orchestra. The orchestra specialized
in typical Hawaiian selections.
After an hour of tropical music the
fireworks were shown. The feature
stunt was that of a large '21. This
demonstration was given from the far
side of the lake.
Fireworks and music were Riven at
Lngunita last evening by the junior
class. The music started at 8:30 and
was given by H. D. Marino's Hawaiian
Orchestra. The orchestra specialized
in typical Hawaiian selections.
After an hour of tropical music the
fireworks were shown. The feature
stunt was that of a large '21. This
demonstration was given from the far
side of the lake.
Fireworks and music were Riven at
Lngunita last evening by the junior
class. The music started at 8:30 and
was given by H. D. Marino's Hawaiian
Orchestra. The orchestra specialized
in typical Hawaiian selections.
After an hour of tropical music the
fireworks were shown. The feature
stunt was that of a large '21. This
demonstration was given from the far
side of the lake.
Fireworks and music were Riven at
Lngunita last evening by the junior
class. The music started at 8:30 and
was given by H. D. Marino's Hawaiian
Orchestra. The orchestra specialized
in typical Hawaiian selections.
After an hour of tropical music the
fireworks were shown. The feature
stunt was that of a large '21. This
demonstration was given from the far
side of the lake.
Fireworks and music were Riven at
Lngunita last evening by the junior
class. The music started at 8:30 and
was given by H. D. Marino's Hawaiian
Orchestra. The orchestra specialized
in typical Hawaiian selections.
After an hour of tropical music the
fireworks were shown. The feature
stunt was that of a large '21. This
demonstration was given from the far
side of the lake.
Fireworks and music were Riven at
Lngunita last evening by the junior
class. The music started at 8:30 and
was given by H. D. Marino's Hawaiian
Orchestra. The orchestra specialized
in typical Hawaiian selections.
After an hour of tropical music the
fireworks were shown. The feature
stunt was that of a large '21. This
demonstration was given from the far
side of the lake.
Fireworks and music were Riven at
Lngunita last evening by the junior
class. The music started at 8:30 and
was given by H. D. Marino's Hawaiian
Orchestra. The orchestra specialized
in typical Hawaiian selections.
After an hour of tropical music the
fireworks were shown. The feature
stunt was that of a large '21. This
demonstration was given from the far
side of the lake.
Fireworks and music were Riven at
Lngunita last evening by the junior
class. The music started at 8:30 and
was given by H. D. Marino's Hawaiian
Orchestra. The orchestra specialized
in typical Hawaiian selections.
After an hour of tropical music the
fireworks were shown. The feature
stunt was that of a large '21. This
demonstration was given from the far
side of the lake.
Fireworks and music were Riven at
Lngunita last evening by the junior
class. The music started at 8:30 and
was given by H. D. Marino's Hawaiian
Orchestra. The orchestra specialized
in typical Hawaiian selections.
After an hour of tropical music the
fireworks were shown. The feature
stunt was that of a large '21. This
demonstration was given from the far
side of the lake.
