# Stanford Teams Will Debate at San Jose
## 
### 
Members of the Stanford forensic
squad who contest with Occidental Col
lege and the University of Southern Cal
ifornia on May 14 and 15 will debate in
the San Jose High School Auditorium
tonight. T. F.. Rowen. '23, and J. F.
Miller, '21. will uphold the affirmative
of a question regarding the advisability
of the establishment of a protectorate
over Mexico by the United States,
against C. J. Crobnugh, '20. and Paul F.
Frickson, '21. The contest has hecn
given much publicity by San Jose news
papers.
Members of the Stanford forensic
squad who contest with Occidental Col
lege and the University of Southern Cal
ifornia on May 14 and 15 will debate in
the San Jose High School Auditorium
tonight. T. F.. Rowen. '23, and J. F.
Miller, '21. will uphold the affirmative
of a question regarding the advisability
of the establishment of a protectorate
over Mexico by the United States,
against C. J. Crobnugh, '20. and Paul F.
Frickson, '21. The contest has hecn
given much publicity by San Jose news
papers.
Members of the Stanford forensic
squad who contest with Occidental Col
lege and the University of Southern Cal
ifornia on May 14 and 15 will debate in
the San Jose High School Auditorium
tonight. T. F.. Rowen. '23, and J. F.
Miller, '21. will uphold the affirmative
of a question regarding the advisability
of the establishment of a protectorate
over Mexico by the United States,
against C. J. Crobnugh, '20. and Paul F.
Frickson, '21. The contest has hecn
given much publicity by San Jose news
papers.
Members of the Stanford forensic
squad who contest with Occidental Col
lege and the University of Southern Cal
ifornia on May 14 and 15 will debate in
the San Jose High School Auditorium
tonight. T. F.. Rowen. '23, and J. F.
Miller, '21. will uphold the affirmative
of a question regarding the advisability
of the establishment of a protectorate
over Mexico by the United States,
against C. J. Crobnugh, '20. and Paul F.
Frickson, '21. The contest has hecn
given much publicity by San Jose news
papers.
Members of the Stanford forensic
squad who contest with Occidental Col
lege and the University of Southern Cal
ifornia on May 14 and 15 will debate in
the San Jose High School Auditorium
tonight. T. F.. Rowen. '23, and J. F.
Miller, '21. will uphold the affirmative
of a question regarding the advisability
of the establishment of a protectorate
over Mexico by the United States,
against C. J. Crobnugh, '20. and Paul F.
Frickson, '21. The contest has hecn
given much publicity by San Jose news
papers.
Members of the Stanford forensic
squad who contest with Occidental Col
lege and the University of Southern Cal
ifornia on May 14 and 15 will debate in
the San Jose High School Auditorium
tonight. T. F.. Rowen. '23, and J. F.
Miller, '21. will uphold the affirmative
of a question regarding the advisability
of the establishment of a protectorate
over Mexico by the United States,
against C. J. Crobnugh, '20. and Paul F.
Frickson, '21. The contest has hecn
given much publicity by San Jose news
papers.
Members of the Stanford forensic
squad who contest with Occidental Col
lege and the University of Southern Cal
ifornia on May 14 and 15 will debate in
the San Jose High School Auditorium
tonight. T. F.. Rowen. '23, and J. F.
Miller, '21. will uphold the affirmative
of a question regarding the advisability
of the establishment of a protectorate
over Mexico by the United States,
against C. J. Crobnugh, '20. and Paul F.
Frickson, '21. The contest has hecn
given much publicity by San Jose news
papers.
Members of the Stanford forensic
squad who contest with Occidental Col
lege and the University of Southern Cal
ifornia on May 14 and 15 will debate in
the San Jose High School Auditorium
tonight. T. F.. Rowen. '23, and J. F.
Miller, '21. will uphold the affirmative
of a question regarding the advisability
of the establishment of a protectorate
over Mexico by the United States,
against C. J. Crobnugh, '20. and Paul F.
Frickson, '21. The contest has hecn
given much publicity by San Jose news
papers.
Members of the Stanford forensic
squad who contest with Occidental Col
lege and the University of Southern Cal
ifornia on May 14 and 15 will debate in
the San Jose High School Auditorium
tonight. T. F.. Rowen. '23, and J. F.
Miller, '21. will uphold the affirmative
of a question regarding the advisability
of the establishment of a protectorate
over Mexico by the United States,
against C. J. Crobnugh, '20. and Paul F.
Frickson, '21. The contest has hecn
given much publicity by San Jose news
papers.
Members of the Stanford forensic
squad who contest with Occidental Col
lege and the University of Southern Cal
ifornia on May 14 and 15 will debate in
the San Jose High School Auditorium
tonight. T. F.. Rowen. '23, and J. F.
Miller, '21. will uphold the affirmative
of a question regarding the advisability
of the establishment of a protectorate
over Mexico by the United States,
against C. J. Crobnugh, '20. and Paul F.
Frickson, '21. The contest has hecn
given much publicity by San Jose news
papers.
Members of the Stanford forensic
squad who contest with Occidental Col
lege and the University of Southern Cal
ifornia on May 14 and 15 will debate in
the San Jose High School Auditorium
tonight. T. F.. Rowen. '23, and J. F.
Miller, '21. will uphold the affirmative
of a question regarding the advisability
of the establishment of a protectorate
over Mexico by the United States,
against C. J. Crobnugh, '20. and Paul F.
Frickson, '21. The contest has hecn
given much publicity by San Jose news
papers.
Members of the Stanford forensic
squad who contest with Occidental Col
lege and the University of Southern Cal
ifornia on May 14 and 15 will debate in
the San Jose High School Auditorium
tonight. T. F.. Rowen. '23, and J. F.
Miller, '21. will uphold the affirmative
of a question regarding the advisability
of the establishment of a protectorate
over Mexico by the United States,
against C. J. Crobnugh, '20. and Paul F.
Frickson, '21. The contest has hecn
given much publicity by San Jose news
papers.
