# Movies Will Feature I Club Open Meeting
## 
### 
Technicolor and sound movies on
South America, Hawaii, and Ireland
will feature an open meeting of the
Stanford International Club tomor
row in Room 2GB, Engineering cor
netr, at 7:30 p.m.
Open to all' students, the meeting
will begin with I Club elections for
neXt fall quarter and continue with
two hours of travel films taken by
Pan American Airways.
Technicolor and sound movies on
South America, Hawaii, and Ireland
will feature an open meeting of the
Stanford International Club tomor
row in Room 2GB, Engineering cor
netr, at 7:30 p.m.
Open to all' students, the meeting
will begin with I Club elections for
neXt fall quarter and continue with
two hours of travel films taken by
Pan American Airways.
Technicolor and sound movies on
South America, Hawaii, and Ireland
will feature an open meeting of the
Stanford International Club tomor
row in Room 2GB, Engineering cor
netr, at 7:30 p.m.
Open to all' students, the meeting
will begin with I Club elections for
neXt fall quarter and continue with
two hours of travel films taken by
Pan American Airways.
Technicolor and sound movies on
South America, Hawaii, and Ireland
will feature an open meeting of the
Stanford International Club tomor
row in Room 2GB, Engineering cor
netr, at 7:30 p.m.
Open to all' students, the meeting
will begin with I Club elections for
neXt fall quarter and continue with
two hours of travel films taken by
Pan American Airways.
Technicolor and sound movies on
South America, Hawaii, and Ireland
will feature an open meeting of the
Stanford International Club tomor
row in Room 2GB, Engineering cor
netr, at 7:30 p.m.
Open to all' students, the meeting
will begin with I Club elections for
neXt fall quarter and continue with
two hours of travel films taken by
Pan American Airways.
Technicolor and sound movies on
South America, Hawaii, and Ireland
will feature an open meeting of the
Stanford International Club tomor
row in Room 2GB, Engineering cor
netr, at 7:30 p.m.
Open to all' students, the meeting
will begin with I Club elections for
neXt fall quarter and continue with
two hours of travel films taken by
Pan American Airways.
Technicolor and sound movies on
South America, Hawaii, and Ireland
will feature an open meeting of the
Stanford International Club tomor
row in Room 2GB, Engineering cor
netr, at 7:30 p.m.
Open to all' students, the meeting
will begin with I Club elections for
neXt fall quarter and continue with
two hours of travel films taken by
Pan American Airways.
Technicolor and sound movies on
South America, Hawaii, and Ireland
will feature an open meeting of the
Stanford International Club tomor
row in Room 2GB, Engineering cor
netr, at 7:30 p.m.
Open to all' students, the meeting
will begin with I Club elections for
neXt fall quarter and continue with
two hours of travel films taken by
Pan American Airways.
Technicolor and sound movies on
South America, Hawaii, and Ireland
will feature an open meeting of the
Stanford International Club tomor
row in Room 2GB, Engineering cor
netr, at 7:30 p.m.
Open to all' students, the meeting
will begin with I Club elections for
neXt fall quarter and continue with
two hours of travel films taken by
Pan American Airways.
Technicolor and sound movies on
South America, Hawaii, and Ireland
will feature an open meeting of the
Stanford International Club tomor
row in Room 2GB, Engineering cor
netr, at 7:30 p.m.
Open to all' students, the meeting
will begin with I Club elections for
neXt fall quarter and continue with
two hours of travel films taken by
Pan American Airways.
Technicolor and sound movies on
South America, Hawaii, and Ireland
will feature an open meeting of the
Stanford International Club tomor
row in Room 2GB, Engineering cor
netr, at 7:30 p.m.
Open to all' students, the meeting
will begin with I Club elections for
neXt fall quarter and continue with
two hours of travel films taken by
Pan American Airways.
Technicolor and sound movies on
South America, Hawaii, and Ireland
will feature an open meeting of the
Stanford International Club tomor
row in Room 2GB, Engineering cor
netr, at 7:30 p.m.
Open to all' students, the meeting
will begin with I Club elections for
neXt fall quarter and continue with
two hours of travel films taken by
Pan American Airways.
Technicolor and sound movies on
South America, Hawaii, and Ireland
will feature an open meeting of the
Stanford International Club tomor
row in Room 2GB, Engineering cor
netr, at 7:30 p.m.
Open to all' students, the meeting
will begin with I Club elections for
neXt fall quarter and continue with
two hours of travel films taken by
Pan American Airways.
Technicolor and sound movies on
South America, Hawaii, and Ireland
will feature an open meeting of the
Stanford International Club tomor
row in Room 2GB, Engineering cor
netr, at 7:30 p.m.
Open to all' students, the meeting
will begin with I Club elections for
neXt fall quarter and continue with
two hours of travel films taken by
Pan American Airways.
