# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Like the Trojans, the St. Mary's
football team will not have a cap
tain next year. Coach Madigan will
appoint, a field captain before each
game.
Like the Trojans, the St. Mary's
football team will not have a cap
tain next year. Coach Madigan will
appoint, a field captain before each
game.
Like the Trojans, the St. Mary's
football team will not have a cap
tain next year. Coach Madigan will
appoint, a field captain before each
game.
Like the Trojans, the St. Mary's
football team will not have a cap
tain next year. Coach Madigan will
appoint, a field captain before each
game.
Like the Trojans, the St. Mary's
football team will not have a cap
tain next year. Coach Madigan will
appoint, a field captain before each
game.
Like the Trojans, the St. Mary's
football team will not have a cap
tain next year. Coach Madigan will
appoint, a field captain before each
game.
Like the Trojans, the St. Mary's
football team will not have a cap
tain next year. Coach Madigan will
appoint, a field captain before each
game.
Like the Trojans, the St. Mary's
football team will not have a cap
tain next year. Coach Madigan will
appoint, a field captain before each
game.
Like the Trojans, the St. Mary's
football team will not have a cap
tain next year. Coach Madigan will
appoint, a field captain before each
game.
Like the Trojans, the St. Mary's
football team will not have a cap
tain next year. Coach Madigan will
appoint, a field captain before each
game.
Like the Trojans, the St. Mary's
football team will not have a cap
tain next year. Coach Madigan will
appoint, a field captain before each
game.
Like the Trojans, the St. Mary's
football team will not have a cap
tain next year. Coach Madigan will
appoint, a field captain before each
game.
Like the Trojans, the St. Mary's
football team will not have a cap
tain next year. Coach Madigan will
appoint, a field captain before each
game.
Like the Trojans, the St. Mary's
football team will not have a cap
tain next year. Coach Madigan will
appoint, a field captain before each
game.
Like the Trojans, the St. Mary's
football team will not have a cap
tain next year. Coach Madigan will
appoint, a field captain before each
game.
Like the Trojans, the St. Mary's
football team will not have a cap
tain next year. Coach Madigan will
appoint, a field captain before each
game.
