# California Scholarships Available Total $52,000
## 
### 
One hundred and ninety under-1
graduate scholarships totaling
more than $52,000 are available to
University of California students
this year, according to a bulletin
issued recently by the University
of California Press.
These scholarships, which range
from .$5O to $2300 each, will be
awarded in May for the ensuing
academic year.
One hundred and ninety under-1
graduate scholarships totaling
more than $52,000 are available to
University of California students
this year, according to a bulletin
issued recently by the University
of California Press.
These scholarships, which range
from .$5O to $2300 each, will be
awarded in May for the ensuing
academic year.
One hundred and ninety under-1
graduate scholarships totaling
more than $52,000 are available to
University of California students
this year, according to a bulletin
issued recently by the University
of California Press.
These scholarships, which range
from .$5O to $2300 each, will be
awarded in May for the ensuing
academic year.
One hundred and ninety under-1
graduate scholarships totaling
more than $52,000 are available to
University of California students
this year, according to a bulletin
issued recently by the University
of California Press.
These scholarships, which range
from .$5O to $2300 each, will be
awarded in May for the ensuing
academic year.
One hundred and ninety under-1
graduate scholarships totaling
more than $52,000 are available to
University of California students
this year, according to a bulletin
issued recently by the University
of California Press.
These scholarships, which range
from .$5O to $2300 each, will be
awarded in May for the ensuing
academic year.
One hundred and ninety under-1
graduate scholarships totaling
more than $52,000 are available to
University of California students
this year, according to a bulletin
issued recently by the University
of California Press.
These scholarships, which range
from .$5O to $2300 each, will be
awarded in May for the ensuing
academic year.
One hundred and ninety under-1
graduate scholarships totaling
more than $52,000 are available to
University of California students
this year, according to a bulletin
issued recently by the University
of California Press.
These scholarships, which range
from .$5O to $2300 each, will be
awarded in May for the ensuing
academic year.
One hundred and ninety under-1
graduate scholarships totaling
more than $52,000 are available to
University of California students
this year, according to a bulletin
issued recently by the University
of California Press.
These scholarships, which range
from .$5O to $2300 each, will be
awarded in May for the ensuing
academic year.
One hundred and ninety under-1
graduate scholarships totaling
more than $52,000 are available to
University of California students
this year, according to a bulletin
issued recently by the University
of California Press.
These scholarships, which range
from .$5O to $2300 each, will be
awarded in May for the ensuing
academic year.
One hundred and ninety under-1
graduate scholarships totaling
more than $52,000 are available to
University of California students
this year, according to a bulletin
issued recently by the University
of California Press.
These scholarships, which range
from .$5O to $2300 each, will be
awarded in May for the ensuing
academic year.
One hundred and ninety under-1
graduate scholarships totaling
more than $52,000 are available to
University of California students
this year, according to a bulletin
issued recently by the University
of California Press.
These scholarships, which range
from .$5O to $2300 each, will be
awarded in May for the ensuing
academic year.
One hundred and ninety under-1
graduate scholarships totaling
more than $52,000 are available to
University of California students
this year, according to a bulletin
issued recently by the University
of California Press.
These scholarships, which range
from .$5O to $2300 each, will be
awarded in May for the ensuing
academic year.
One hundred and ninety under-1
graduate scholarships totaling
more than $52,000 are available to
University of California students
this year, according to a bulletin
issued recently by the University
of California Press.
These scholarships, which range
from .$5O to $2300 each, will be
awarded in May for the ensuing
academic year.
One hundred and ninety under-1
graduate scholarships totaling
more than $52,000 are available to
University of California students
this year, according to a bulletin
issued recently by the University
of California Press.
These scholarships, which range
from .$5O to $2300 each, will be
awarded in May for the ensuing
academic year.
One hundred and ninety under-1
graduate scholarships totaling
more than $52,000 are available to
University of California students
this year, according to a bulletin
issued recently by the University
of California Press.
These scholarships, which range
from .$5O to $2300 each, will be
awarded in May for the ensuing
academic year.
One hundred and ninety under-1
graduate scholarships totaling
more than $52,000 are available to
University of California students
this year, according to a bulletin
issued recently by the University
of California Press.
These scholarships, which range
from .$5O to $2300 each, will be
awarded in May for the ensuing
academic year.
