# FRATERNITIES ROBBED
## 
### 
PI'LLMAN, Wash., Jan. 27. f/P)
Four fraternity houses on the
Washington State College campus
were ransacked last night, with a
loss of $565, it was reported to
police today. The Sigma Alpha Ep
silon losses were named as $i! 00;
Phi Delta Theta, $JOO ; Beta Theta
Pi, $100. and Sigma Chi, $65.
PI'LLMAN, Wash., Jan. 27. f/P)
Four fraternity houses on the
Washington State College campus
were ransacked last night, with a
loss of $565, it was reported to
police today. The Sigma Alpha Ep
silon losses were named as $i! 00;
Phi Delta Theta, $JOO ; Beta Theta
Pi, $100. and Sigma Chi, $65.
PI'LLMAN, Wash., Jan. 27. f/P)
Four fraternity houses on the
Washington State College campus
were ransacked last night, with a
loss of $565, it was reported to
police today. The Sigma Alpha Ep
silon losses were named as $i! 00;
Phi Delta Theta, $JOO ; Beta Theta
Pi, $100. and Sigma Chi, $65.
PI'LLMAN, Wash., Jan. 27. f/P)
Four fraternity houses on the
Washington State College campus
were ransacked last night, with a
loss of $565, it was reported to
police today. The Sigma Alpha Ep
silon losses were named as $i! 00;
Phi Delta Theta, $JOO ; Beta Theta
Pi, $100. and Sigma Chi, $65.
PI'LLMAN, Wash., Jan. 27. f/P)
Four fraternity houses on the
Washington State College campus
were ransacked last night, with a
loss of $565, it was reported to
police today. The Sigma Alpha Ep
silon losses were named as $i! 00;
Phi Delta Theta, $JOO ; Beta Theta
Pi, $100. and Sigma Chi, $65.
PI'LLMAN, Wash., Jan. 27. f/P)
Four fraternity houses on the
Washington State College campus
were ransacked last night, with a
loss of $565, it was reported to
police today. The Sigma Alpha Ep
silon losses were named as $i! 00;
Phi Delta Theta, $JOO ; Beta Theta
Pi, $100. and Sigma Chi, $65.
PI'LLMAN, Wash., Jan. 27. f/P)
Four fraternity houses on the
Washington State College campus
were ransacked last night, with a
loss of $565, it was reported to
police today. The Sigma Alpha Ep
silon losses were named as $i! 00;
Phi Delta Theta, $JOO ; Beta Theta
Pi, $100. and Sigma Chi, $65.
PI'LLMAN, Wash., Jan. 27. f/P)
Four fraternity houses on the
Washington State College campus
were ransacked last night, with a
loss of $565, it was reported to
police today. The Sigma Alpha Ep
silon losses were named as $i! 00;
Phi Delta Theta, $JOO ; Beta Theta
Pi, $100. and Sigma Chi, $65.
PI'LLMAN, Wash., Jan. 27. f/P)
Four fraternity houses on the
Washington State College campus
were ransacked last night, with a
loss of $565, it was reported to
police today. The Sigma Alpha Ep
silon losses were named as $i! 00;
Phi Delta Theta, $JOO ; Beta Theta
Pi, $100. and Sigma Chi, $65.
PI'LLMAN, Wash., Jan. 27. f/P)
Four fraternity houses on the
Washington State College campus
were ransacked last night, with a
loss of $565, it was reported to
police today. The Sigma Alpha Ep
silon losses were named as $i! 00;
Phi Delta Theta, $JOO ; Beta Theta
Pi, $100. and Sigma Chi, $65.
PI'LLMAN, Wash., Jan. 27. f/P)
Four fraternity houses on the
Washington State College campus
were ransacked last night, with a
loss of $565, it was reported to
police today. The Sigma Alpha Ep
silon losses were named as $i! 00;
Phi Delta Theta, $JOO ; Beta Theta
Pi, $100. and Sigma Chi, $65.
PI'LLMAN, Wash., Jan. 27. f/P)
Four fraternity houses on the
Washington State College campus
were ransacked last night, with a
loss of $565, it was reported to
police today. The Sigma Alpha Ep
silon losses were named as $i! 00;
Phi Delta Theta, $JOO ; Beta Theta
Pi, $100. and Sigma Chi, $65.
PI'LLMAN, Wash., Jan. 27. f/P)
Four fraternity houses on the
Washington State College campus
were ransacked last night, with a
loss of $565, it was reported to
police today. The Sigma Alpha Ep
silon losses were named as $i! 00;
Phi Delta Theta, $JOO ; Beta Theta
Pi, $100. and Sigma Chi, $65.
PI'LLMAN, Wash., Jan. 27. f/P)
Four fraternity houses on the
Washington State College campus
were ransacked last night, with a
loss of $565, it was reported to
police today. The Sigma Alpha Ep
silon losses were named as $i! 00;
Phi Delta Theta, $JOO ; Beta Theta
Pi, $100. and Sigma Chi, $65.
PI'LLMAN, Wash., Jan. 27. f/P)
Four fraternity houses on the
Washington State College campus
were ransacked last night, with a
loss of $565, it was reported to
police today. The Sigma Alpha Ep
silon losses were named as $i! 00;
Phi Delta Theta, $JOO ; Beta Theta
Pi, $100. and Sigma Chi, $65.
PI'LLMAN, Wash., Jan. 27. f/P)
Four fraternity houses on the
Washington State College campus
were ransacked last night, with a
loss of $565, it was reported to
police today. The Sigma Alpha Ep
silon losses were named as $i! 00;
Phi Delta Theta, $JOO ; Beta Theta
Pi, $100. and Sigma Chi, $65.
