# Men's Glee Club Talks Of Concert Tour Plans
## 
### 
Plans for the spring concert tour I
to be made during the spring va
cation were discussed at tlie meet
ing of the executive board of the
Men's (Jlee Club last night, A
good many dates have already been
made for the tour, but the sched
ule is not yet complete. It is ex
pected that the Los Angeles (lis- j
trict will be the section covered ;
by the club.
Plans for the spring concert tour I
to be made during the spring va
cation were discussed at tlie meet
ing of the executive board of the
Men's (Jlee Club last night, A
good many dates have already been
made for the tour, but the sched
ule is not yet complete. It is ex
pected that the Los Angeles (lis- j
trict will be the section covered ;
by the club.
Plans for the spring concert tour I
to be made during the spring va
cation were discussed at tlie meet
ing of the executive board of the
Men's (Jlee Club last night, A
good many dates have already been
made for the tour, but the sched
ule is not yet complete. It is ex
pected that the Los Angeles (lis- j
trict will be the section covered ;
by the club.
Plans for the spring concert tour I
to be made during the spring va
cation were discussed at tlie meet
ing of the executive board of the
Men's (Jlee Club last night, A
good many dates have already been
made for the tour, but the sched
ule is not yet complete. It is ex
pected that the Los Angeles (lis- j
trict will be the section covered ;
by the club.
Plans for the spring concert tour I
to be made during the spring va
cation were discussed at tlie meet
ing of the executive board of the
Men's (Jlee Club last night, A
good many dates have already been
made for the tour, but the sched
ule is not yet complete. It is ex
pected that the Los Angeles (lis- j
trict will be the section covered ;
by the club.
Plans for the spring concert tour I
to be made during the spring va
cation were discussed at tlie meet
ing of the executive board of the
Men's (Jlee Club last night, A
good many dates have already been
made for the tour, but the sched
ule is not yet complete. It is ex
pected that the Los Angeles (lis- j
trict will be the section covered ;
by the club.
Plans for the spring concert tour I
to be made during the spring va
cation were discussed at tlie meet
ing of the executive board of the
Men's (Jlee Club last night, A
good many dates have already been
made for the tour, but the sched
ule is not yet complete. It is ex
pected that the Los Angeles (lis- j
trict will be the section covered ;
by the club.
Plans for the spring concert tour I
to be made during the spring va
cation were discussed at tlie meet
ing of the executive board of the
Men's (Jlee Club last night, A
good many dates have already been
made for the tour, but the sched
ule is not yet complete. It is ex
pected that the Los Angeles (lis- j
trict will be the section covered ;
by the club.
Plans for the spring concert tour I
to be made during the spring va
cation were discussed at tlie meet
ing of the executive board of the
Men's (Jlee Club last night, A
good many dates have already been
made for the tour, but the sched
ule is not yet complete. It is ex
pected that the Los Angeles (lis- j
trict will be the section covered ;
by the club.
Plans for the spring concert tour I
to be made during the spring va
cation were discussed at tlie meet
ing of the executive board of the
Men's (Jlee Club last night, A
good many dates have already been
made for the tour, but the sched
ule is not yet complete. It is ex
pected that the Los Angeles (lis- j
trict will be the section covered ;
by the club.
Plans for the spring concert tour I
to be made during the spring va
cation were discussed at tlie meet
ing of the executive board of the
Men's (Jlee Club last night, A
good many dates have already been
made for the tour, but the sched
ule is not yet complete. It is ex
pected that the Los Angeles (lis- j
trict will be the section covered ;
by the club.
Plans for the spring concert tour I
to be made during the spring va
cation were discussed at tlie meet
ing of the executive board of the
Men's (Jlee Club last night, A
good many dates have already been
made for the tour, but the sched
ule is not yet complete. It is ex
pected that the Los Angeles (lis- j
trict will be the section covered ;
by the club.
Plans for the spring concert tour I
to be made during the spring va
cation were discussed at tlie meet
ing of the executive board of the
Men's (Jlee Club last night, A
good many dates have already been
made for the tour, but the sched
ule is not yet complete. It is ex
pected that the Los Angeles (lis- j
trict will be the section covered ;
by the club.
Plans for the spring concert tour I
to be made during the spring va
cation were discussed at tlie meet
ing of the executive board of the
Men's (Jlee Club last night, A
good many dates have already been
made for the tour, but the sched
ule is not yet complete. It is ex
pected that the Los Angeles (lis- j
trict will be the section covered ;
by the club.
Plans for the spring concert tour I
to be made during the spring va
cation were discussed at tlie meet
ing of the executive board of the
Men's (Jlee Club last night, A
good many dates have already been
made for the tour, but the sched
ule is not yet complete. It is ex
pected that the Los Angeles (lis- j
trict will be the section covered ;
by the club.
Plans for the spring concert tour I
to be made during the spring va
cation were discussed at tlie meet
ing of the executive board of the
Men's (Jlee Club last night, A
good many dates have already been
made for the tour, but the sched
ule is not yet complete. It is ex
pected that the Los Angeles (lis- j
trict will be the section covered ;
by the club.
