# Professor To Discuss Anglo-Saxon Dictionary
## 
### 
Professor A. G. Kennedy will
read a paper on "The Need of an
Anglo-Saxon Dictionary" at a meet
ing of the University IThilological
Association to be held at the home
of Miss Edith Mirrielees, r>;s4 La
suen, at 4:15 Thursday afternoon.
There will be short reports on the
National Philological Association
meeting.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Professor A. G. Kennedy will
read a paper on "The Need of an
Anglo-Saxon Dictionary" at a meet
ing of the University IThilological
Association to be held at the home
of Miss Edith Mirrielees, r>;s4 La
suen, at 4:15 Thursday afternoon.
There will be short reports on the
National Philological Association
meeting.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Professor A. G. Kennedy will
read a paper on "The Need of an
Anglo-Saxon Dictionary" at a meet
ing of the University IThilological
Association to be held at the home
of Miss Edith Mirrielees, r>;s4 La
suen, at 4:15 Thursday afternoon.
There will be short reports on the
National Philological Association
meeting.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Professor A. G. Kennedy will
read a paper on "The Need of an
Anglo-Saxon Dictionary" at a meet
ing of the University IThilological
Association to be held at the home
of Miss Edith Mirrielees, r>;s4 La
suen, at 4:15 Thursday afternoon.
There will be short reports on the
National Philological Association
meeting.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Professor A. G. Kennedy will
read a paper on "The Need of an
Anglo-Saxon Dictionary" at a meet
ing of the University IThilological
Association to be held at the home
of Miss Edith Mirrielees, r>;s4 La
suen, at 4:15 Thursday afternoon.
There will be short reports on the
National Philological Association
meeting.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Professor A. G. Kennedy will
read a paper on "The Need of an
Anglo-Saxon Dictionary" at a meet
ing of the University IThilological
Association to be held at the home
of Miss Edith Mirrielees, r>;s4 La
suen, at 4:15 Thursday afternoon.
There will be short reports on the
National Philological Association
meeting.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Professor A. G. Kennedy will
read a paper on "The Need of an
Anglo-Saxon Dictionary" at a meet
ing of the University IThilological
Association to be held at the home
of Miss Edith Mirrielees, r>;s4 La
suen, at 4:15 Thursday afternoon.
There will be short reports on the
National Philological Association
meeting.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Professor A. G. Kennedy will
read a paper on "The Need of an
Anglo-Saxon Dictionary" at a meet
ing of the University IThilological
Association to be held at the home
of Miss Edith Mirrielees, r>;s4 La
suen, at 4:15 Thursday afternoon.
There will be short reports on the
National Philological Association
meeting.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Professor A. G. Kennedy will
read a paper on "The Need of an
Anglo-Saxon Dictionary" at a meet
ing of the University IThilological
Association to be held at the home
of Miss Edith Mirrielees, r>;s4 La
suen, at 4:15 Thursday afternoon.
There will be short reports on the
National Philological Association
meeting.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Professor A. G. Kennedy will
read a paper on "The Need of an
Anglo-Saxon Dictionary" at a meet
ing of the University IThilological
Association to be held at the home
of Miss Edith Mirrielees, r>;s4 La
suen, at 4:15 Thursday afternoon.
There will be short reports on the
National Philological Association
meeting.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Professor A. G. Kennedy will
read a paper on "The Need of an
Anglo-Saxon Dictionary" at a meet
ing of the University IThilological
Association to be held at the home
of Miss Edith Mirrielees, r>;s4 La
suen, at 4:15 Thursday afternoon.
There will be short reports on the
National Philological Association
meeting.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Professor A. G. Kennedy will
read a paper on "The Need of an
Anglo-Saxon Dictionary" at a meet
ing of the University IThilological
Association to be held at the home
of Miss Edith Mirrielees, r>;s4 La
suen, at 4:15 Thursday afternoon.
There will be short reports on the
National Philological Association
meeting.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Professor A. G. Kennedy will
read a paper on "The Need of an
Anglo-Saxon Dictionary" at a meet
ing of the University IThilological
Association to be held at the home
of Miss Edith Mirrielees, r>;s4 La
suen, at 4:15 Thursday afternoon.
There will be short reports on the
National Philological Association
meeting.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Professor A. G. Kennedy will
read a paper on "The Need of an
Anglo-Saxon Dictionary" at a meet
ing of the University IThilological
Association to be held at the home
of Miss Edith Mirrielees, r>;s4 La
suen, at 4:15 Thursday afternoon.
There will be short reports on the
National Philological Association
meeting.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Professor A. G. Kennedy will
read a paper on "The Need of an
Anglo-Saxon Dictionary" at a meet
ing of the University IThilological
Association to be held at the home
of Miss Edith Mirrielees, r>;s4 La
suen, at 4:15 Thursday afternoon.
There will be short reports on the
National Philological Association
meeting.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Professor A. G. Kennedy will
read a paper on "The Need of an
Anglo-Saxon Dictionary" at a meet
ing of the University IThilological
Association to be held at the home
of Miss Edith Mirrielees, r>;s4 La
suen, at 4:15 Thursday afternoon.
There will be short reports on the
National Philological Association
meeting.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
