# Moonlight Brigade Serenades Campus
## 
### 
Yesterday evening between the
hours of seven and nine the campus
was treated to an innovation in the
musical line. An octet composed of
the best vocalists that Encina club
might offer, made its initial appear
ance under the moonlight. All the
houses on the Row were entertainc 1
with at least a half dozen ancient
melodies. The sororities especially
were serenaded with great success,
since the coy handclapping and cheers
of the sisters made the songsters vie
with each other in their harmonious
efforts.
Yesterday evening between the
hours of seven and nine the campus
was treated to an innovation in the
musical line. An octet composed of
the best vocalists that Encina club
might offer, made its initial appear
ance under the moonlight. All the
houses on the Row were entertainc 1
with at least a half dozen ancient
melodies. The sororities especially
were serenaded with great success,
since the coy handclapping and cheers
of the sisters made the songsters vie
with each other in their harmonious
efforts.
Yesterday evening between the
hours of seven and nine the campus
was treated to an innovation in the
musical line. An octet composed of
the best vocalists that Encina club
might offer, made its initial appear
ance under the moonlight. All the
houses on the Row were entertainc 1
with at least a half dozen ancient
melodies. The sororities especially
were serenaded with great success,
since the coy handclapping and cheers
of the sisters made the songsters vie
with each other in their harmonious
efforts.
Yesterday evening between the
hours of seven and nine the campus
was treated to an innovation in the
musical line. An octet composed of
the best vocalists that Encina club
might offer, made its initial appear
ance under the moonlight. All the
houses on the Row were entertainc 1
with at least a half dozen ancient
melodies. The sororities especially
were serenaded with great success,
since the coy handclapping and cheers
of the sisters made the songsters vie
with each other in their harmonious
efforts.
Yesterday evening between the
hours of seven and nine the campus
was treated to an innovation in the
musical line. An octet composed of
the best vocalists that Encina club
might offer, made its initial appear
ance under the moonlight. All the
houses on the Row were entertainc 1
with at least a half dozen ancient
melodies. The sororities especially
were serenaded with great success,
since the coy handclapping and cheers
of the sisters made the songsters vie
with each other in their harmonious
efforts.
Yesterday evening between the
hours of seven and nine the campus
was treated to an innovation in the
musical line. An octet composed of
the best vocalists that Encina club
might offer, made its initial appear
ance under the moonlight. All the
houses on the Row were entertainc 1
with at least a half dozen ancient
melodies. The sororities especially
were serenaded with great success,
since the coy handclapping and cheers
of the sisters made the songsters vie
with each other in their harmonious
efforts.
Yesterday evening between the
hours of seven and nine the campus
was treated to an innovation in the
musical line. An octet composed of
the best vocalists that Encina club
might offer, made its initial appear
ance under the moonlight. All the
houses on the Row were entertainc 1
with at least a half dozen ancient
melodies. The sororities especially
were serenaded with great success,
since the coy handclapping and cheers
of the sisters made the songsters vie
with each other in their harmonious
efforts.
Yesterday evening between the
hours of seven and nine the campus
was treated to an innovation in the
musical line. An octet composed of
the best vocalists that Encina club
might offer, made its initial appear
ance under the moonlight. All the
houses on the Row were entertainc 1
with at least a half dozen ancient
melodies. The sororities especially
were serenaded with great success,
since the coy handclapping and cheers
of the sisters made the songsters vie
with each other in their harmonious
efforts.
Yesterday evening between the
hours of seven and nine the campus
was treated to an innovation in the
musical line. An octet composed of
the best vocalists that Encina club
might offer, made its initial appear
ance under the moonlight. All the
houses on the Row were entertainc 1
with at least a half dozen ancient
melodies. The sororities especially
were serenaded with great success,
since the coy handclapping and cheers
of the sisters made the songsters vie
with each other in their harmonious
efforts.
Yesterday evening between the
hours of seven and nine the campus
was treated to an innovation in the
musical line. An octet composed of
the best vocalists that Encina club
might offer, made its initial appear
ance under the moonlight. All the
houses on the Row were entertainc 1
with at least a half dozen ancient
melodies. The sororities especially
were serenaded with great success,
since the coy handclapping and cheers
of the sisters made the songsters vie
with each other in their harmonious
efforts.
Yesterday evening between the
hours of seven and nine the campus
was treated to an innovation in the
musical line. An octet composed of
the best vocalists that Encina club
might offer, made its initial appear
ance under the moonlight. All the
houses on the Row were entertainc 1
with at least a half dozen ancient
melodies. The sororities especially
were serenaded with great success,
since the coy handclapping and cheers
of the sisters made the songsters vie
with each other in their harmonious
efforts.
Yesterday evening between the
hours of seven and nine the campus
was treated to an innovation in the
musical line. An octet composed of
the best vocalists that Encina club
might offer, made its initial appear
ance under the moonlight. All the
houses on the Row were entertainc 1
with at least a half dozen ancient
melodies. The sororities especially
were serenaded with great success,
since the coy handclapping and cheers
of the sisters made the songsters vie
with each other in their harmonious
efforts.
Yesterday evening between the
hours of seven and nine the campus
was treated to an innovation in the
musical line. An octet composed of
the best vocalists that Encina club
might offer, made its initial appear
ance under the moonlight. All the
houses on the Row were entertainc 1
with at least a half dozen ancient
melodies. The sororities especially
were serenaded with great success,
since the coy handclapping and cheers
of the sisters made the songsters vie
with each other in their harmonious
efforts.
