# CANOE TEST AND DANCING RULES REVISED BY WOMEN
## Conference Lays Down New Boating Requirements and Restates Regulation on Dances. 
### 
The revision of the rules concerning
the canoeing tests for women, and
(lancing occupied the attention of the
Women's Conference at its regular
meeting last evening. The ruling
concerning women eligible to use
canoes on Lagunita was extended to
include all women students, whether
or not accompanied upon the lake by
men eligible to use the canoes. The
distance for the test was reduced to
fifty feet. All women who take the
test will be required to wear shoes
and a long skirt. Those who have
passed a previous test will remain
upon the eligible list.
The second part of the resolution
passed by the Women's Conference re
garding dancing was revised at the
request of students to whom the rul
ing was not clear. After stating that
the so-called progressive dances are
included in the rule which bars rag
ging among students. The ruling now
reads:
"Resolved, That any attempted
evasion of this ruling in the form of
dances given off the campus either by
individuals or organizations be sub
ject to Conference action. Private
dances given in private homes do not
lie within the jurisdiction of the Con
ference."
The revision of the rules concerning
the canoeing tests for women, and
(lancing occupied the attention of the
Women's Conference at its regular
meeting last evening. The ruling
concerning women eligible to use
canoes on Lagunita was extended to
include all women students, whether
or not accompanied upon the lake by
men eligible to use the canoes. The
distance for the test was reduced to
fifty feet. All women who take the
test will be required to wear shoes
and a long skirt. Those who have
passed a previous test will remain
upon the eligible list.
The second part of the resolution
passed by the Women's Conference re
garding dancing was revised at the
request of students to whom the rul
ing was not clear. After stating that
the so-called progressive dances are
included in the rule which bars rag
ging among students. The ruling now
reads:
"Resolved, That any attempted
evasion of this ruling in the form of
dances given off the campus either by
individuals or organizations be sub
ject to Conference action. Private
dances given in private homes do not
lie within the jurisdiction of the Con
ference."
The revision of the rules concerning
the canoeing tests for women, and
(lancing occupied the attention of the
Women's Conference at its regular
meeting last evening. The ruling
concerning women eligible to use
canoes on Lagunita was extended to
include all women students, whether
or not accompanied upon the lake by
men eligible to use the canoes. The
distance for the test was reduced to
fifty feet. All women who take the
test will be required to wear shoes
and a long skirt. Those who have
passed a previous test will remain
upon the eligible list.
The second part of the resolution
passed by the Women's Conference re
garding dancing was revised at the
request of students to whom the rul
ing was not clear. After stating that
the so-called progressive dances are
included in the rule which bars rag
ging among students. The ruling now
reads:
"Resolved, That any attempted
evasion of this ruling in the form of
dances given off the campus either by
individuals or organizations be sub
ject to Conference action. Private
dances given in private homes do not
lie within the jurisdiction of the Con
ference."
The revision of the rules concerning
the canoeing tests for women, and
(lancing occupied the attention of the
Women's Conference at its regular
meeting last evening. The ruling
concerning women eligible to use
canoes on Lagunita was extended to
include all women students, whether
or not accompanied upon the lake by
men eligible to use the canoes. The
distance for the test was reduced to
fifty feet. All women who take the
test will be required to wear shoes
and a long skirt. Those who have
passed a previous test will remain
upon the eligible list.
The second part of the resolution
passed by the Women's Conference re
garding dancing was revised at the
request of students to whom the rul
ing was not clear. After stating that
the so-called progressive dances are
included in the rule which bars rag
ging among students. The ruling now
reads:
"Resolved, That any attempted
evasion of this ruling in the form of
dances given off the campus either by
individuals or organizations be sub
ject to Conference action. Private
dances given in private homes do not
lie within the jurisdiction of the Con
ference."
The revision of the rules concerning
the canoeing tests for women, and
(lancing occupied the attention of the
Women's Conference at its regular
meeting last evening. The ruling
concerning women eligible to use
canoes on Lagunita was extended to
include all women students, whether
or not accompanied upon the lake by
men eligible to use the canoes. The
distance for the test was reduced to
fifty feet. All women who take the
test will be required to wear shoes
and a long skirt. Those who have
passed a previous test will remain
upon the eligible list.
The second part of the resolution
passed by the Women's Conference re
garding dancing was revised at the
request of students to whom the rul
ing was not clear. After stating that
the so-called progressive dances are
included in the rule which bars rag
ging among students. The ruling now
reads:
"Resolved, That any attempted
evasion of this ruling in the form of
dances given off the campus either by
individuals or organizations be sub
ject to Conference action. Private
dances given in private homes do not
lie within the jurisdiction of the Con
ference."
The revision of the rules concerning
the canoeing tests for women, and
(lancing occupied the attention of the
Women's Conference at its regular
meeting last evening. The ruling
concerning women eligible to use
canoes on Lagunita was extended to
include all women students, whether
or not accompanied upon the lake by
men eligible to use the canoes. The
distance for the test was reduced to
fifty feet. All women who take the
test will be required to wear shoes
and a long skirt. Those who have
passed a previous test will remain
upon the eligible list.
The second part of the resolution
passed by the Women's Conference re
garding dancing was revised at the
request of students to whom the rul
ing was not clear. After stating that
the so-called progressive dances are
included in the rule which bars rag
ging among students. The ruling now
reads:
"Resolved, That any attempted
evasion of this ruling in the form of
dances given off the campus either by
individuals or organizations be sub
ject to Conference action. Private
dances given in private homes do not
lie within the jurisdiction of the Con
ference."
The revision of the rules concerning
the canoeing tests for women, and
(lancing occupied the attention of the
Women's Conference at its regular
meeting last evening. The ruling
concerning women eligible to use
canoes on Lagunita was extended to
include all women students, whether
or not accompanied upon the lake by
men eligible to use the canoes. The
distance for the test was reduced to
fifty feet. All women who take the
test will be required to wear shoes
and a long skirt. Those who have
passed a previous test will remain
upon the eligible list.
The second part of the resolution
passed by the Women's Conference re
garding dancing was revised at the
request of students to whom the rul
ing was not clear. After stating that
the so-called progressive dances are
included in the rule which bars rag
ging among students. The ruling now
reads:
"Resolved, That any attempted
evasion of this ruling in the form of
dances given off the campus either by
individuals or organizations be sub
ject to Conference action. Private
dances given in private homes do not
lie within the jurisdiction of the Con
ference."
The revision of the rules concerning
the canoeing tests for women, and
(lancing occupied the attention of the
Women's Conference at its regular
meeting last evening. The ruling
concerning women eligible to use
canoes on Lagunita was extended to
include all women students, whether
or not accompanied upon the lake by
men eligible to use the canoes. The
distance for the test was reduced to
fifty feet. All women who take the
test will be required to wear shoes
and a long skirt. Those who have
passed a previous test will remain
upon the eligible list.
The second part of the resolution
passed by the Women's Conference re
garding dancing was revised at the
request of students to whom the rul
ing was not clear. After stating that
the so-called progressive dances are
included in the rule which bars rag
ging among students. The ruling now
reads:
"Resolved, That any attempted
evasion of this ruling in the form of
dances given off the campus either by
individuals or organizations be sub
ject to Conference action. Private
dances given in private homes do not
lie within the jurisdiction of the Con
ference."
The revision of the rules concerning
the canoeing tests for women, and
(lancing occupied the attention of the
Women's Conference at its regular
meeting last evening. The ruling
concerning women eligible to use
canoes on Lagunita was extended to
include all women students, whether
or not accompanied upon the lake by
men eligible to use the canoes. The
distance for the test was reduced to
fifty feet. All women who take the
test will be required to wear shoes
and a long skirt. Those who have
passed a previous test will remain
upon the eligible list.
The second part of the resolution
passed by the Women's Conference re
garding dancing was revised at the
request of students to whom the rul
ing was not clear. After stating that
the so-called progressive dances are
included in the rule which bars rag
ging among students. The ruling now
reads:
"Resolved, That any attempted
evasion of this ruling in the form of
dances given off the campus either by
individuals or organizations be sub
ject to Conference action. Private
dances given in private homes do not
lie within the jurisdiction of the Con
ference."
The revision of the rules concerning
the canoeing tests for women, and
(lancing occupied the attention of the
Women's Conference at its regular
meeting last evening. The ruling
concerning women eligible to use
canoes on Lagunita was extended to
include all women students, whether
or not accompanied upon the lake by
men eligible to use the canoes. The
distance for the test was reduced to
fifty feet. All women who take the
test will be required to wear shoes
and a long skirt. Those who have
passed a previous test will remain
upon the eligible list.
The second part of the resolution
passed by the Women's Conference re
garding dancing was revised at the
request of students to whom the rul
ing was not clear. After stating that
the so-called progressive dances are
included in the rule which bars rag
ging among students. The ruling now
reads:
"Resolved, That any attempted
evasion of this ruling in the form of
dances given off the campus either by
individuals or organizations be sub
ject to Conference action. Private
dances given in private homes do not
lie within the jurisdiction of the Con
ference."
The revision of the rules concerning
the canoeing tests for women, and
(lancing occupied the attention of the
Women's Conference at its regular
meeting last evening. The ruling
concerning women eligible to use
canoes on Lagunita was extended to
include all women students, whether
or not accompanied upon the lake by
men eligible to use the canoes. The
distance for the test was reduced to
fifty feet. All women who take the
test will be required to wear shoes
and a long skirt. Those who have
passed a previous test will remain
upon the eligible list.
The second part of the resolution
passed by the Women's Conference re
garding dancing was revised at the
request of students to whom the rul
ing was not clear. After stating that
the so-called progressive dances are
included in the rule which bars rag
ging among students. The ruling now
reads:
"Resolved, That any attempted
evasion of this ruling in the form of
dances given off the campus either by
individuals or organizations be sub
ject to Conference action. Private
dances given in private homes do not
lie within the jurisdiction of the Con
ference."
The revision of the rules concerning
the canoeing tests for women, and
(lancing occupied the attention of the
Women's Conference at its regular
meeting last evening. The ruling
concerning women eligible to use
canoes on Lagunita was extended to
include all women students, whether
or not accompanied upon the lake by
men eligible to use the canoes. The
distance for the test was reduced to
fifty feet. All women who take the
test will be required to wear shoes
and a long skirt. Those who have
passed a previous test will remain
upon the eligible list.
The second part of the resolution
passed by the Women's Conference re
garding dancing was revised at the
request of students to whom the rul
ing was not clear. After stating that
the so-called progressive dances are
included in the rule which bars rag
ging among students. The ruling now
reads:
"Resolved, That any attempted
evasion of this ruling in the form of
dances given off the campus either by
individuals or organizations be sub
ject to Conference action. Private
dances given in private homes do not
lie within the jurisdiction of the Con
ference."
The revision of the rules concerning
the canoeing tests for women, and
(lancing occupied the attention of the
Women's Conference at its regular
meeting last evening. The ruling
concerning women eligible to use
canoes on Lagunita was extended to
include all women students, whether
or not accompanied upon the lake by
men eligible to use the canoes. The
distance for the test was reduced to
fifty feet. All women who take the
test will be required to wear shoes
and a long skirt. Those who have
passed a previous test will remain
upon the eligible list.
The second part of the resolution
passed by the Women's Conference re
garding dancing was revised at the
request of students to whom the rul
ing was not clear. After stating that
the so-called progressive dances are
included in the rule which bars rag
ging among students. The ruling now
reads:
"Resolved, That any attempted
evasion of this ruling in the form of
dances given off the campus either by
individuals or organizations be sub
ject to Conference action. Private
dances given in private homes do not
lie within the jurisdiction of the Con
ference."
