# Mining Society Elects Members.
## 
### 
F .W. Reeves, 14, T. M. Hulsman,
'15, and G. W. La Poere, '15, were
elected to membership in the Geology
and Mining society Wednesday even
ing. The meeting was addressed by
Shockley, of London, who told of a
prospecting expedition he led into
Siberia.
F .W. Reeves, 14, T. M. Hulsman,
'15, and G. W. La Poere, '15, were
elected to membership in the Geology
and Mining society Wednesday even
ing. The meeting was addressed by
Shockley, of London, who told of a
prospecting expedition he led into
Siberia.
F .W. Reeves, 14, T. M. Hulsman,
'15, and G. W. La Poere, '15, were
elected to membership in the Geology
and Mining society Wednesday even
ing. The meeting was addressed by
Shockley, of London, who told of a
prospecting expedition he led into
Siberia.
F .W. Reeves, 14, T. M. Hulsman,
'15, and G. W. La Poere, '15, were
elected to membership in the Geology
and Mining society Wednesday even
ing. The meeting was addressed by
Shockley, of London, who told of a
prospecting expedition he led into
Siberia.
F .W. Reeves, 14, T. M. Hulsman,
'15, and G. W. La Poere, '15, were
elected to membership in the Geology
and Mining society Wednesday even
ing. The meeting was addressed by
Shockley, of London, who told of a
prospecting expedition he led into
Siberia.
F .W. Reeves, 14, T. M. Hulsman,
'15, and G. W. La Poere, '15, were
elected to membership in the Geology
and Mining society Wednesday even
ing. The meeting was addressed by
Shockley, of London, who told of a
prospecting expedition he led into
Siberia.
F .W. Reeves, 14, T. M. Hulsman,
'15, and G. W. La Poere, '15, were
elected to membership in the Geology
and Mining society Wednesday even
ing. The meeting was addressed by
Shockley, of London, who told of a
prospecting expedition he led into
Siberia.
F .W. Reeves, 14, T. M. Hulsman,
'15, and G. W. La Poere, '15, were
elected to membership in the Geology
and Mining society Wednesday even
ing. The meeting was addressed by
Shockley, of London, who told of a
prospecting expedition he led into
Siberia.
F .W. Reeves, 14, T. M. Hulsman,
'15, and G. W. La Poere, '15, were
elected to membership in the Geology
and Mining society Wednesday even
ing. The meeting was addressed by
Shockley, of London, who told of a
prospecting expedition he led into
Siberia.
F .W. Reeves, 14, T. M. Hulsman,
'15, and G. W. La Poere, '15, were
elected to membership in the Geology
and Mining society Wednesday even
ing. The meeting was addressed by
Shockley, of London, who told of a
prospecting expedition he led into
Siberia.
F .W. Reeves, 14, T. M. Hulsman,
'15, and G. W. La Poere, '15, were
elected to membership in the Geology
and Mining society Wednesday even
ing. The meeting was addressed by
Shockley, of London, who told of a
prospecting expedition he led into
Siberia.
F .W. Reeves, 14, T. M. Hulsman,
'15, and G. W. La Poere, '15, were
elected to membership in the Geology
and Mining society Wednesday even
ing. The meeting was addressed by
Shockley, of London, who told of a
prospecting expedition he led into
Siberia.
F .W. Reeves, 14, T. M. Hulsman,
'15, and G. W. La Poere, '15, were
elected to membership in the Geology
and Mining society Wednesday even
ing. The meeting was addressed by
Shockley, of London, who told of a
prospecting expedition he led into
Siberia.
