# Job Interview Signups
## 
### 
Palo Alto Post Office: Applica
tions for Christmas employment
are now being accepted at the
main office at 3SO Hamilton Ave.
Applicants must be males, at
least 18 years of age, U.S. citi
zens, and must lie available for
full-time work not later than Sat
urday, Dec. 19.
Palo Alto Post Office: Applica
tions for Christmas employment
are now being accepted at the
main office at 3SO Hamilton Ave.
Applicants must be males, at
least 18 years of age, U.S. citi
zens, and must lie available for
full-time work not later than Sat
urday, Dec. 19.
Palo Alto Post Office: Applica
tions for Christmas employment
are now being accepted at the
main office at 3SO Hamilton Ave.
Applicants must be males, at
least 18 years of age, U.S. citi
zens, and must lie available for
full-time work not later than Sat
urday, Dec. 19.
Palo Alto Post Office: Applica
tions for Christmas employment
are now being accepted at the
main office at 3SO Hamilton Ave.
Applicants must be males, at
least 18 years of age, U.S. citi
zens, and must lie available for
full-time work not later than Sat
urday, Dec. 19.
Palo Alto Post Office: Applica
tions for Christmas employment
are now being accepted at the
main office at 3SO Hamilton Ave.
Applicants must be males, at
least 18 years of age, U.S. citi
zens, and must lie available for
full-time work not later than Sat
urday, Dec. 19.
Palo Alto Post Office: Applica
tions for Christmas employment
are now being accepted at the
main office at 3SO Hamilton Ave.
Applicants must be males, at
least 18 years of age, U.S. citi
zens, and must lie available for
full-time work not later than Sat
urday, Dec. 19.
Palo Alto Post Office: Applica
tions for Christmas employment
are now being accepted at the
main office at 3SO Hamilton Ave.
Applicants must be males, at
least 18 years of age, U.S. citi
zens, and must lie available for
full-time work not later than Sat
urday, Dec. 19.
Palo Alto Post Office: Applica
tions for Christmas employment
are now being accepted at the
main office at 3SO Hamilton Ave.
Applicants must be males, at
least 18 years of age, U.S. citi
zens, and must lie available for
full-time work not later than Sat
urday, Dec. 19.
Palo Alto Post Office: Applica
tions for Christmas employment
are now being accepted at the
main office at 3SO Hamilton Ave.
Applicants must be males, at
least 18 years of age, U.S. citi
zens, and must lie available for
full-time work not later than Sat
urday, Dec. 19.
Palo Alto Post Office: Applica
tions for Christmas employment
are now being accepted at the
main office at 3SO Hamilton Ave.
Applicants must be males, at
least 18 years of age, U.S. citi
zens, and must lie available for
full-time work not later than Sat
urday, Dec. 19.
Palo Alto Post Office: Applica
tions for Christmas employment
are now being accepted at the
main office at 3SO Hamilton Ave.
Applicants must be males, at
least 18 years of age, U.S. citi
zens, and must lie available for
full-time work not later than Sat
urday, Dec. 19.
Palo Alto Post Office: Applica
tions for Christmas employment
are now being accepted at the
main office at 3SO Hamilton Ave.
Applicants must be males, at
least 18 years of age, U.S. citi
zens, and must lie available for
full-time work not later than Sat
urday, Dec. 19.
Palo Alto Post Office: Applica
tions for Christmas employment
are now being accepted at the
main office at 3SO Hamilton Ave.
Applicants must be males, at
least 18 years of age, U.S. citi
zens, and must lie available for
full-time work not later than Sat
urday, Dec. 19.
Palo Alto Post Office: Applica
tions for Christmas employment
are now being accepted at the
main office at 3SO Hamilton Ave.
Applicants must be males, at
least 18 years of age, U.S. citi
zens, and must lie available for
full-time work not later than Sat
urday, Dec. 19.
Palo Alto Post Office: Applica
tions for Christmas employment
are now being accepted at the
main office at 3SO Hamilton Ave.
Applicants must be males, at
least 18 years of age, U.S. citi
zens, and must lie available for
full-time work not later than Sat
urday, Dec. 19.
Palo Alto Post Office: Applica
tions for Christmas employment
are now being accepted at the
main office at 3SO Hamilton Ave.
Applicants must be males, at
least 18 years of age, U.S. citi
zens, and must lie available for
full-time work not later than Sat
urday, Dec. 19.
Palo Alto Post Office: Applica
tions for Christmas employment
are now being accepted at the
main office at 3SO Hamilton Ave.
Applicants must be males, at
least 18 years of age, U.S. citi
zens, and must lie available for
full-time work not later than Sat
urday, Dec. 19.
Palo Alto Post Office: Applica
tions for Christmas employment
are now being accepted at the
main office at 3SO Hamilton Ave.
Applicants must be males, at
least 18 years of age, U.S. citi
zens, and must lie available for
full-time work not later than Sat
urday, Dec. 19.
