# Singles on Sale For Music Series
## 
### 
Single tickets for I ho music de
partments Subscription Series of
concerts are now on sale at Din
kelspiel Auditorium box office
and the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
First presentation in the series
is the Feld Quartet on Oct. 16.
Others include the New York Pro
Musica Jan. 10, the Fine Arts
Quartet April 29, and the Quar
tet to di Roma Feb. 12.
Admission is $1.50 for students,
$2 general for the quartets, $2
and $2.50 for the Pro-Musica.
Single tickets for I ho music de
partments Subscription Series of
concerts are now on sale at Din
kelspiel Auditorium box office
and the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
First presentation in the series
is the Feld Quartet on Oct. 16.
Others include the New York Pro
Musica Jan. 10, the Fine Arts
Quartet April 29, and the Quar
tet to di Roma Feb. 12.
Admission is $1.50 for students,
$2 general for the quartets, $2
and $2.50 for the Pro-Musica.
Single tickets for I ho music de
partments Subscription Series of
concerts are now on sale at Din
kelspiel Auditorium box office
and the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
First presentation in the series
is the Feld Quartet on Oct. 16.
Others include the New York Pro
Musica Jan. 10, the Fine Arts
Quartet April 29, and the Quar
tet to di Roma Feb. 12.
Admission is $1.50 for students,
$2 general for the quartets, $2
and $2.50 for the Pro-Musica.
Single tickets for I ho music de
partments Subscription Series of
concerts are now on sale at Din
kelspiel Auditorium box office
and the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
First presentation in the series
is the Feld Quartet on Oct. 16.
Others include the New York Pro
Musica Jan. 10, the Fine Arts
Quartet April 29, and the Quar
tet to di Roma Feb. 12.
Admission is $1.50 for students,
$2 general for the quartets, $2
and $2.50 for the Pro-Musica.
Single tickets for I ho music de
partments Subscription Series of
concerts are now on sale at Din
kelspiel Auditorium box office
and the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
First presentation in the series
is the Feld Quartet on Oct. 16.
Others include the New York Pro
Musica Jan. 10, the Fine Arts
Quartet April 29, and the Quar
tet to di Roma Feb. 12.
Admission is $1.50 for students,
$2 general for the quartets, $2
and $2.50 for the Pro-Musica.
Single tickets for I ho music de
partments Subscription Series of
concerts are now on sale at Din
kelspiel Auditorium box office
and the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
First presentation in the series
is the Feld Quartet on Oct. 16.
Others include the New York Pro
Musica Jan. 10, the Fine Arts
Quartet April 29, and the Quar
tet to di Roma Feb. 12.
Admission is $1.50 for students,
$2 general for the quartets, $2
and $2.50 for the Pro-Musica.
Single tickets for I ho music de
partments Subscription Series of
concerts are now on sale at Din
kelspiel Auditorium box office
and the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
First presentation in the series
is the Feld Quartet on Oct. 16.
Others include the New York Pro
Musica Jan. 10, the Fine Arts
Quartet April 29, and the Quar
tet to di Roma Feb. 12.
Admission is $1.50 for students,
$2 general for the quartets, $2
and $2.50 for the Pro-Musica.
Single tickets for I ho music de
partments Subscription Series of
concerts are now on sale at Din
kelspiel Auditorium box office
and the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
First presentation in the series
is the Feld Quartet on Oct. 16.
Others include the New York Pro
Musica Jan. 10, the Fine Arts
Quartet April 29, and the Quar
tet to di Roma Feb. 12.
Admission is $1.50 for students,
$2 general for the quartets, $2
and $2.50 for the Pro-Musica.
Single tickets for I ho music de
partments Subscription Series of
concerts are now on sale at Din
kelspiel Auditorium box office
and the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
First presentation in the series
is the Feld Quartet on Oct. 16.
Others include the New York Pro
Musica Jan. 10, the Fine Arts
Quartet April 29, and the Quar
tet to di Roma Feb. 12.
Admission is $1.50 for students,
$2 general for the quartets, $2
and $2.50 for the Pro-Musica.
Single tickets for I ho music de
partments Subscription Series of
concerts are now on sale at Din
kelspiel Auditorium box office
and the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
First presentation in the series
is the Feld Quartet on Oct. 16.
Others include the New York Pro
Musica Jan. 10, the Fine Arts
Quartet April 29, and the Quar
tet to di Roma Feb. 12.
Admission is $1.50 for students,
$2 general for the quartets, $2
and $2.50 for the Pro-Musica.
Single tickets for I ho music de
partments Subscription Series of
concerts are now on sale at Din
kelspiel Auditorium box office
and the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
First presentation in the series
is the Feld Quartet on Oct. 16.
Others include the New York Pro
Musica Jan. 10, the Fine Arts
Quartet April 29, and the Quar
tet to di Roma Feb. 12.
Admission is $1.50 for students,
$2 general for the quartets, $2
and $2.50 for the Pro-Musica.
Single tickets for I ho music de
partments Subscription Series of
concerts are now on sale at Din
kelspiel Auditorium box office
and the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
First presentation in the series
is the Feld Quartet on Oct. 16.
Others include the New York Pro
Musica Jan. 10, the Fine Arts
Quartet April 29, and the Quar
tet to di Roma Feb. 12.
Admission is $1.50 for students,
$2 general for the quartets, $2
and $2.50 for the Pro-Musica.
Single tickets for I ho music de
partments Subscription Series of
concerts are now on sale at Din
kelspiel Auditorium box office
and the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
First presentation in the series
is the Feld Quartet on Oct. 16.
Others include the New York Pro
Musica Jan. 10, the Fine Arts
Quartet April 29, and the Quar
tet to di Roma Feb. 12.
Admission is $1.50 for students,
$2 general for the quartets, $2
and $2.50 for the Pro-Musica.
Single tickets for I ho music de
partments Subscription Series of
concerts are now on sale at Din
kelspiel Auditorium box office
and the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
First presentation in the series
is the Feld Quartet on Oct. 16.
Others include the New York Pro
Musica Jan. 10, the Fine Arts
Quartet April 29, and the Quar
tet to di Roma Feb. 12.
Admission is $1.50 for students,
$2 general for the quartets, $2
and $2.50 for the Pro-Musica.
Single tickets for I ho music de
partments Subscription Series of
concerts are now on sale at Din
kelspiel Auditorium box office
and the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
First presentation in the series
is the Feld Quartet on Oct. 16.
Others include the New York Pro
Musica Jan. 10, the Fine Arts
Quartet April 29, and the Quar
tet to di Roma Feb. 12.
Admission is $1.50 for students,
$2 general for the quartets, $2
and $2.50 for the Pro-Musica.
Single tickets for I ho music de
partments Subscription Series of
concerts are now on sale at Din
kelspiel Auditorium box office
and the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
First presentation in the series
is the Feld Quartet on Oct. 16.
Others include the New York Pro
Musica Jan. 10, the Fine Arts
Quartet April 29, and the Quar
tet to di Roma Feb. 12.
Admission is $1.50 for students,
$2 general for the quartets, $2
and $2.50 for the Pro-Musica.
Single tickets for I ho music de
partments Subscription Series of
concerts are now on sale at Din
kelspiel Auditorium box office
and the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
First presentation in the series
is the Feld Quartet on Oct. 16.
Others include the New York Pro
Musica Jan. 10, the Fine Arts
Quartet April 29, and the Quar
tet to di Roma Feb. 12.
Admission is $1.50 for students,
$2 general for the quartets, $2
and $2.50 for the Pro-Musica.
Single tickets for I ho music de
partments Subscription Series of
concerts are now on sale at Din
kelspiel Auditorium box office
and the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
First presentation in the series
is the Feld Quartet on Oct. 16.
Others include the New York Pro
Musica Jan. 10, the Fine Arts
Quartet April 29, and the Quar
tet to di Roma Feb. 12.
Admission is $1.50 for students,
$2 general for the quartets, $2
and $2.50 for the Pro-Musica.
