# Washington Debate Friday.
## 
### 
Next Friday evening the debate
with the University of Washington
team will be held in Assembly
Hall. The Northern men have the
reputation of being unusually
strong debaters.
Next Friday evening the debate
with the University of Washington
team will be held in Assembly
Hall. The Northern men have the
reputation of being unusually
strong debaters.
Next Friday evening the debate
with the University of Washington
team will be held in Assembly
Hall. The Northern men have the
reputation of being unusually
strong debaters.
Next Friday evening the debate
with the University of Washington
team will be held in Assembly
Hall. The Northern men have the
reputation of being unusually
strong debaters.
Next Friday evening the debate
with the University of Washington
team will be held in Assembly
Hall. The Northern men have the
reputation of being unusually
strong debaters.
Next Friday evening the debate
with the University of Washington
team will be held in Assembly
Hall. The Northern men have the
reputation of being unusually
strong debaters.
Next Friday evening the debate
with the University of Washington
team will be held in Assembly
Hall. The Northern men have the
reputation of being unusually
strong debaters.
