# TREAT CHAIRMAN OF CHANGED COMMITTEE
## Organization for Public Exercises Plans Numerous Gatherings for the Coming Year. 
### 
Professor P. T. Treat, of the History
department has recently been made
chairman of the committee on Public
Exercises. lie promises the Universi
ty many good assemblies and enter
tainments for the coming year.
Professor G. T. Peirce of the Botany
department, Professor E. B. Krehbiel
of the History department, Professor
J. E. Bassett of the English depart
ment. and Professor T. P. Johnson of
the Physics department, compose the
committee on Public Exercises.
Professor P. T. Treat, of the History
department has recently been made
chairman of the committee on Public
Exercises. lie promises the Universi
ty many good assemblies and enter
tainments for the coming year.
Professor G. T. Peirce of the Botany
department, Professor E. B. Krehbiel
of the History department, Professor
J. E. Bassett of the English depart
ment. and Professor T. P. Johnson of
the Physics department, compose the
committee on Public Exercises.
Professor P. T. Treat, of the History
department has recently been made
chairman of the committee on Public
Exercises. lie promises the Universi
ty many good assemblies and enter
tainments for the coming year.
Professor G. T. Peirce of the Botany
department, Professor E. B. Krehbiel
of the History department, Professor
J. E. Bassett of the English depart
ment. and Professor T. P. Johnson of
the Physics department, compose the
committee on Public Exercises.
Professor P. T. Treat, of the History
department has recently been made
chairman of the committee on Public
Exercises. lie promises the Universi
ty many good assemblies and enter
tainments for the coming year.
Professor G. T. Peirce of the Botany
department, Professor E. B. Krehbiel
of the History department, Professor
J. E. Bassett of the English depart
ment. and Professor T. P. Johnson of
the Physics department, compose the
committee on Public Exercises.
Professor P. T. Treat, of the History
department has recently been made
chairman of the committee on Public
Exercises. lie promises the Universi
ty many good assemblies and enter
tainments for the coming year.
Professor G. T. Peirce of the Botany
department, Professor E. B. Krehbiel
of the History department, Professor
J. E. Bassett of the English depart
ment. and Professor T. P. Johnson of
the Physics department, compose the
committee on Public Exercises.
Professor P. T. Treat, of the History
department has recently been made
chairman of the committee on Public
Exercises. lie promises the Universi
ty many good assemblies and enter
tainments for the coming year.
Professor G. T. Peirce of the Botany
department, Professor E. B. Krehbiel
of the History department, Professor
J. E. Bassett of the English depart
ment. and Professor T. P. Johnson of
the Physics department, compose the
committee on Public Exercises.
Professor P. T. Treat, of the History
department has recently been made
chairman of the committee on Public
Exercises. lie promises the Universi
ty many good assemblies and enter
tainments for the coming year.
Professor G. T. Peirce of the Botany
department, Professor E. B. Krehbiel
of the History department, Professor
J. E. Bassett of the English depart
ment. and Professor T. P. Johnson of
the Physics department, compose the
committee on Public Exercises.
Professor P. T. Treat, of the History
department has recently been made
chairman of the committee on Public
Exercises. lie promises the Universi
ty many good assemblies and enter
tainments for the coming year.
Professor G. T. Peirce of the Botany
department, Professor E. B. Krehbiel
of the History department, Professor
J. E. Bassett of the English depart
ment. and Professor T. P. Johnson of
the Physics department, compose the
committee on Public Exercises.
Professor P. T. Treat, of the History
department has recently been made
chairman of the committee on Public
Exercises. lie promises the Universi
ty many good assemblies and enter
tainments for the coming year.
Professor G. T. Peirce of the Botany
department, Professor E. B. Krehbiel
of the History department, Professor
J. E. Bassett of the English depart
ment. and Professor T. P. Johnson of
the Physics department, compose the
committee on Public Exercises.
Professor P. T. Treat, of the History
department has recently been made
chairman of the committee on Public
Exercises. lie promises the Universi
ty many good assemblies and enter
tainments for the coming year.
Professor G. T. Peirce of the Botany
department, Professor E. B. Krehbiel
of the History department, Professor
J. E. Bassett of the English depart
ment. and Professor T. P. Johnson of
the Physics department, compose the
committee on Public Exercises.
Professor P. T. Treat, of the History
department has recently been made
chairman of the committee on Public
Exercises. lie promises the Universi
ty many good assemblies and enter
tainments for the coming year.
Professor G. T. Peirce of the Botany
department, Professor E. B. Krehbiel
of the History department, Professor
J. E. Bassett of the English depart
ment. and Professor T. P. Johnson of
the Physics department, compose the
committee on Public Exercises.
Professor P. T. Treat, of the History
department has recently been made
chairman of the committee on Public
Exercises. lie promises the Universi
ty many good assemblies and enter
tainments for the coming year.
Professor G. T. Peirce of the Botany
department, Professor E. B. Krehbiel
of the History department, Professor
J. E. Bassett of the English depart
ment. and Professor T. P. Johnson of
the Physics department, compose the
committee on Public Exercises.
