# Untitled Article
## 
### 
J. E. Thompson, '11, is business
manager of the California Outlook, a
weekly of Los Angeles ajid San
Francisco, progressive in politics.
While in college Thompson was yell
leader for two seasons, secretary of
the Student Body and manager of his
Sophomore Play.
J. E. Thompson, '11, is business
manager of the California Outlook, a
weekly of Los Angeles ajid San
Francisco, progressive in politics.
While in college Thompson was yell
leader for two seasons, secretary of
the Student Body and manager of his
Sophomore Play.
J. E. Thompson, '11, is business
manager of the California Outlook, a
weekly of Los Angeles ajid San
Francisco, progressive in politics.
While in college Thompson was yell
leader for two seasons, secretary of
the Student Body and manager of his
Sophomore Play.
J. E. Thompson, '11, is business
manager of the California Outlook, a
weekly of Los Angeles ajid San
Francisco, progressive in politics.
While in college Thompson was yell
leader for two seasons, secretary of
the Student Body and manager of his
Sophomore Play.
J. E. Thompson, '11, is business
manager of the California Outlook, a
weekly of Los Angeles ajid San
Francisco, progressive in politics.
While in college Thompson was yell
leader for two seasons, secretary of
the Student Body and manager of his
Sophomore Play.
J. E. Thompson, '11, is business
manager of the California Outlook, a
weekly of Los Angeles ajid San
Francisco, progressive in politics.
While in college Thompson was yell
leader for two seasons, secretary of
the Student Body and manager of his
Sophomore Play.
J. E. Thompson, '11, is business
manager of the California Outlook, a
weekly of Los Angeles ajid San
Francisco, progressive in politics.
While in college Thompson was yell
leader for two seasons, secretary of
the Student Body and manager of his
Sophomore Play.
J. E. Thompson, '11, is business
manager of the California Outlook, a
weekly of Los Angeles ajid San
Francisco, progressive in politics.
While in college Thompson was yell
leader for two seasons, secretary of
the Student Body and manager of his
Sophomore Play.
J. E. Thompson, '11, is business
manager of the California Outlook, a
weekly of Los Angeles ajid San
Francisco, progressive in politics.
While in college Thompson was yell
leader for two seasons, secretary of
the Student Body and manager of his
Sophomore Play.
J. E. Thompson, '11, is business
manager of the California Outlook, a
weekly of Los Angeles ajid San
Francisco, progressive in politics.
While in college Thompson was yell
leader for two seasons, secretary of
the Student Body and manager of his
Sophomore Play.
J. E. Thompson, '11, is business
manager of the California Outlook, a
weekly of Los Angeles ajid San
Francisco, progressive in politics.
While in college Thompson was yell
leader for two seasons, secretary of
the Student Body and manager of his
Sophomore Play.
J. E. Thompson, '11, is business
manager of the California Outlook, a
weekly of Los Angeles ajid San
Francisco, progressive in politics.
While in college Thompson was yell
leader for two seasons, secretary of
the Student Body and manager of his
Sophomore Play.
