# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It was a fine sentiment that
found expression at the meeting of
the Senior class to-day. In no way
could the affection and esteem of
the students for the mother of the
university he better shown than by
the simple tribute of placing flow
ers daily at her tomb. The Seniors
have inaugurated the practice: it
will be the fortune of the present
Juniors to make it a tradition next
year, and to pass it on as an hon
orable trust to the Seniors who will
come after them.
It was a fine sentiment that
found expression at the meeting of
the Senior class to-day. In no way
could the affection and esteem of
the students for the mother of the
university he better shown than by
the simple tribute of placing flow
ers daily at her tomb. The Seniors
have inaugurated the practice: it
will be the fortune of the present
Juniors to make it a tradition next
year, and to pass it on as an hon
orable trust to the Seniors who will
come after them.
It was a fine sentiment that
found expression at the meeting of
the Senior class to-day. In no way
could the affection and esteem of
the students for the mother of the
university he better shown than by
the simple tribute of placing flow
ers daily at her tomb. The Seniors
have inaugurated the practice: it
will be the fortune of the present
Juniors to make it a tradition next
year, and to pass it on as an hon
orable trust to the Seniors who will
come after them.
It was a fine sentiment that
found expression at the meeting of
the Senior class to-day. In no way
could the affection and esteem of
the students for the mother of the
university he better shown than by
the simple tribute of placing flow
ers daily at her tomb. The Seniors
have inaugurated the practice: it
will be the fortune of the present
Juniors to make it a tradition next
year, and to pass it on as an hon
orable trust to the Seniors who will
come after them.
It was a fine sentiment that
found expression at the meeting of
the Senior class to-day. In no way
could the affection and esteem of
the students for the mother of the
university he better shown than by
the simple tribute of placing flow
ers daily at her tomb. The Seniors
have inaugurated the practice: it
will be the fortune of the present
Juniors to make it a tradition next
year, and to pass it on as an hon
orable trust to the Seniors who will
come after them.
It was a fine sentiment that
found expression at the meeting of
the Senior class to-day. In no way
could the affection and esteem of
the students for the mother of the
university he better shown than by
the simple tribute of placing flow
ers daily at her tomb. The Seniors
have inaugurated the practice: it
will be the fortune of the present
Juniors to make it a tradition next
year, and to pass it on as an hon
orable trust to the Seniors who will
come after them.
It was a fine sentiment that
found expression at the meeting of
the Senior class to-day. In no way
could the affection and esteem of
the students for the mother of the
university he better shown than by
the simple tribute of placing flow
ers daily at her tomb. The Seniors
have inaugurated the practice: it
will be the fortune of the present
Juniors to make it a tradition next
year, and to pass it on as an hon
orable trust to the Seniors who will
come after them.
It was a fine sentiment that
found expression at the meeting of
the Senior class to-day. In no way
could the affection and esteem of
the students for the mother of the
university he better shown than by
the simple tribute of placing flow
ers daily at her tomb. The Seniors
have inaugurated the practice: it
will be the fortune of the present
Juniors to make it a tradition next
year, and to pass it on as an hon
orable trust to the Seniors who will
come after them.
