# Book on Old California Displayed on Campus
## 
### 
"Californios," a hook about colo
nial days in old California, by Jo
Mcra, is now on sale at the Book
storc. The author, a sculptor, paint
er, and writer, spent a number of
years traveling through the state
collecting information about the co
lonial period. He also did the many
illustrations for the book.
"Californios," a hook about colo
nial days in old California, by Jo
Mcra, is now on sale at the Book
storc. The author, a sculptor, paint
er, and writer, spent a number of
years traveling through the state
collecting information about the co
lonial period. He also did the many
illustrations for the book.
"Californios," a hook about colo
nial days in old California, by Jo
Mcra, is now on sale at the Book
storc. The author, a sculptor, paint
er, and writer, spent a number of
years traveling through the state
collecting information about the co
lonial period. He also did the many
illustrations for the book.
"Californios," a hook about colo
nial days in old California, by Jo
Mcra, is now on sale at the Book
storc. The author, a sculptor, paint
er, and writer, spent a number of
years traveling through the state
collecting information about the co
lonial period. He also did the many
illustrations for the book.
"Californios," a hook about colo
nial days in old California, by Jo
Mcra, is now on sale at the Book
storc. The author, a sculptor, paint
er, and writer, spent a number of
years traveling through the state
collecting information about the co
lonial period. He also did the many
illustrations for the book.
"Californios," a hook about colo
nial days in old California, by Jo
Mcra, is now on sale at the Book
storc. The author, a sculptor, paint
er, and writer, spent a number of
years traveling through the state
collecting information about the co
lonial period. He also did the many
illustrations for the book.
"Californios," a hook about colo
nial days in old California, by Jo
Mcra, is now on sale at the Book
storc. The author, a sculptor, paint
er, and writer, spent a number of
years traveling through the state
collecting information about the co
lonial period. He also did the many
illustrations for the book.
"Californios," a hook about colo
nial days in old California, by Jo
Mcra, is now on sale at the Book
storc. The author, a sculptor, paint
er, and writer, spent a number of
years traveling through the state
collecting information about the co
lonial period. He also did the many
illustrations for the book.
"Californios," a hook about colo
nial days in old California, by Jo
Mcra, is now on sale at the Book
storc. The author, a sculptor, paint
er, and writer, spent a number of
years traveling through the state
collecting information about the co
lonial period. He also did the many
illustrations for the book.
"Californios," a hook about colo
nial days in old California, by Jo
Mcra, is now on sale at the Book
storc. The author, a sculptor, paint
er, and writer, spent a number of
years traveling through the state
collecting information about the co
lonial period. He also did the many
illustrations for the book.
"Californios," a hook about colo
nial days in old California, by Jo
Mcra, is now on sale at the Book
storc. The author, a sculptor, paint
er, and writer, spent a number of
years traveling through the state
collecting information about the co
lonial period. He also did the many
illustrations for the book.
"Californios," a hook about colo
nial days in old California, by Jo
Mcra, is now on sale at the Book
storc. The author, a sculptor, paint
er, and writer, spent a number of
years traveling through the state
collecting information about the co
lonial period. He also did the many
illustrations for the book.
"Californios," a hook about colo
nial days in old California, by Jo
Mcra, is now on sale at the Book
storc. The author, a sculptor, paint
er, and writer, spent a number of
years traveling through the state
collecting information about the co
lonial period. He also did the many
illustrations for the book.
"Californios," a hook about colo
nial days in old California, by Jo
Mcra, is now on sale at the Book
storc. The author, a sculptor, paint
er, and writer, spent a number of
years traveling through the state
collecting information about the co
lonial period. He also did the many
illustrations for the book.
