# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
MUIR HOUSE OFFICERS
Muir House officers for this
quarter are: president, Robert F.
Oakes; vice-president, David
Smullen; secretary, James Hau
ser; treasurer, Bruce Lueck; so-
MUIR HOUSE OFFICERS
Muir House officers for this
quarter are: president, Robert F.
Oakes; vice-president, David
Smullen; secretary, James Hau
ser; treasurer, Bruce Lueck; so-
MUIR HOUSE OFFICERS
Muir House officers for this
quarter are: president, Robert F.
Oakes; vice-president, David
Smullen; secretary, James Hau
ser; treasurer, Bruce Lueck; so-
MUIR HOUSE OFFICERS
Muir House officers for this
quarter are: president, Robert F.
Oakes; vice-president, David
Smullen; secretary, James Hau
ser; treasurer, Bruce Lueck; so-
MUIR HOUSE OFFICERS
Muir House officers for this
quarter are: president, Robert F.
Oakes; vice-president, David
Smullen; secretary, James Hau
ser; treasurer, Bruce Lueck; so-
MUIR HOUSE OFFICERS
Muir House officers for this
quarter are: president, Robert F.
Oakes; vice-president, David
Smullen; secretary, James Hau
ser; treasurer, Bruce Lueck; so-
MUIR HOUSE OFFICERS
Muir House officers for this
quarter are: president, Robert F.
Oakes; vice-president, David
Smullen; secretary, James Hau
ser; treasurer, Bruce Lueck; so-
MUIR HOUSE OFFICERS
Muir House officers for this
quarter are: president, Robert F.
Oakes; vice-president, David
Smullen; secretary, James Hau
ser; treasurer, Bruce Lueck; so-
MUIR HOUSE OFFICERS
Muir House officers for this
quarter are: president, Robert F.
Oakes; vice-president, David
Smullen; secretary, James Hau
ser; treasurer, Bruce Lueck; so-
MUIR HOUSE OFFICERS
Muir House officers for this
quarter are: president, Robert F.
Oakes; vice-president, David
Smullen; secretary, James Hau
ser; treasurer, Bruce Lueck; so-
MUIR HOUSE OFFICERS
Muir House officers for this
quarter are: president, Robert F.
Oakes; vice-president, David
Smullen; secretary, James Hau
ser; treasurer, Bruce Lueck; so-
MUIR HOUSE OFFICERS
Muir House officers for this
quarter are: president, Robert F.
Oakes; vice-president, David
Smullen; secretary, James Hau
ser; treasurer, Bruce Lueck; so-
MUIR HOUSE OFFICERS
Muir House officers for this
quarter are: president, Robert F.
Oakes; vice-president, David
Smullen; secretary, James Hau
ser; treasurer, Bruce Lueck; so-
MUIR HOUSE OFFICERS
Muir House officers for this
quarter are: president, Robert F.
Oakes; vice-president, David
Smullen; secretary, James Hau
ser; treasurer, Bruce Lueck; so-
MUIR HOUSE OFFICERS
Muir House officers for this
quarter are: president, Robert F.
Oakes; vice-president, David
Smullen; secretary, James Hau
ser; treasurer, Bruce Lueck; so-
