# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
«
■
I
■
Distinclion in a
sweater that’s the
pride of the man who
wears one of R/A’s
golfer’s alpacas. Very
lightweight, very
comfortable and
easy-fiting, beauti
fully styled for the
links or for campus
wear. Bell sleeves in
■
■
■
■
■
*
*
a good selection of
stripes and solids, in
black, green, tan or
blue. Not the cheap
est sweater you can
buy, but certainly the
finest you’ll find any
where. 29.50 and
39.50 at Roos/Atkins.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
«
■
I
■
Distinclion in a
sweater that’s the
pride of the man who
wears one of R/A’s
golfer’s alpacas. Very
lightweight, very
comfortable and
easy-fiting, beauti
fully styled for the
links or for campus
wear. Bell sleeves in
■
■
■
■
■
*
*
a good selection of
stripes and solids, in
black, green, tan or
blue. Not the cheap
est sweater you can
buy, but certainly the
finest you’ll find any
where. 29.50 and
39.50 at Roos/Atkins.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
«
■
I
■
Distinclion in a
sweater that’s the
pride of the man who
wears one of R/A’s
golfer’s alpacas. Very
lightweight, very
comfortable and
easy-fiting, beauti
fully styled for the
links or for campus
wear. Bell sleeves in
■
■
■
■
■
*
*
a good selection of
stripes and solids, in
black, green, tan or
blue. Not the cheap
est sweater you can
buy, but certainly the
finest you’ll find any
where. 29.50 and
39.50 at Roos/Atkins.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
«
■
I
■
Distinclion in a
sweater that’s the
pride of the man who
wears one of R/A’s
golfer’s alpacas. Very
lightweight, very
comfortable and
easy-fiting, beauti
fully styled for the
links or for campus
wear. Bell sleeves in
■
■
■
■
■
*
*
a good selection of
stripes and solids, in
black, green, tan or
blue. Not the cheap
est sweater you can
buy, but certainly the
finest you’ll find any
where. 29.50 and
39.50 at Roos/Atkins.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
«
■
I
■
Distinclion in a
sweater that’s the
pride of the man who
wears one of R/A’s
golfer’s alpacas. Very
lightweight, very
comfortable and
easy-fiting, beauti
fully styled for the
links or for campus
wear. Bell sleeves in
■
■
■
■
■
*
*
a good selection of
stripes and solids, in
black, green, tan or
blue. Not the cheap
est sweater you can
buy, but certainly the
finest you’ll find any
where. 29.50 and
39.50 at Roos/Atkins.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
«
■
I
■
Distinclion in a
sweater that’s the
pride of the man who
wears one of R/A’s
golfer’s alpacas. Very
lightweight, very
comfortable and
easy-fiting, beauti
fully styled for the
links or for campus
wear. Bell sleeves in
■
■
■
■
■
*
*
a good selection of
stripes and solids, in
black, green, tan or
blue. Not the cheap
est sweater you can
buy, but certainly the
finest you’ll find any
where. 29.50 and
39.50 at Roos/Atkins.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
«
■
I
■
Distinclion in a
sweater that’s the
pride of the man who
wears one of R/A’s
golfer’s alpacas. Very
lightweight, very
comfortable and
easy-fiting, beauti
fully styled for the
links or for campus
wear. Bell sleeves in
■
■
■
■
■
*
*
a good selection of
stripes and solids, in
black, green, tan or
blue. Not the cheap
est sweater you can
buy, but certainly the
finest you’ll find any
where. 29.50 and
39.50 at Roos/Atkins.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
«
■
I
■
Distinclion in a
sweater that’s the
pride of the man who
wears one of R/A’s
golfer’s alpacas. Very
lightweight, very
comfortable and
easy-fiting, beauti
fully styled for the
links or for campus
wear. Bell sleeves in
■
■
■
■
■
*
*
a good selection of
stripes and solids, in
black, green, tan or
blue. Not the cheap
est sweater you can
buy, but certainly the
finest you’ll find any
where. 29.50 and
39.50 at Roos/Atkins.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
«
■
I
■
Distinclion in a
sweater that’s the
pride of the man who
wears one of R/A’s
golfer’s alpacas. Very
lightweight, very
comfortable and
easy-fiting, beauti
fully styled for the
links or for campus
wear. Bell sleeves in
■
■
■
■
■
*
*
a good selection of
stripes and solids, in
black, green, tan or
blue. Not the cheap
est sweater you can
buy, but certainly the
finest you’ll find any
where. 29.50 and
39.50 at Roos/Atkins.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
«
■
I
■
Distinclion in a
sweater that’s the
pride of the man who
wears one of R/A’s
golfer’s alpacas. Very
lightweight, very
comfortable and
easy-fiting, beauti
fully styled for the
links or for campus
wear. Bell sleeves in
■
■
■
■
■
*
*
a good selection of
stripes and solids, in
black, green, tan or
blue. Not the cheap
est sweater you can
buy, but certainly the
finest you’ll find any
where. 29.50 and
39.50 at Roos/Atkins.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
«
■
I
■
Distinclion in a
sweater that’s the
pride of the man who
wears one of R/A’s
golfer’s alpacas. Very
lightweight, very
comfortable and
easy-fiting, beauti
fully styled for the
links or for campus
wear. Bell sleeves in
■
■
■
■
■
*
*
a good selection of
stripes and solids, in
black, green, tan or
blue. Not the cheap
est sweater you can
buy, but certainly the
finest you’ll find any
where. 29.50 and
39.50 at Roos/Atkins.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
«
■
I
■
Distinclion in a
sweater that’s the
pride of the man who
wears one of R/A’s
golfer’s alpacas. Very
lightweight, very
comfortable and
easy-fiting, beauti
fully styled for the
links or for campus
wear. Bell sleeves in
■
■
■
■
■
*
*
a good selection of
stripes and solids, in
black, green, tan or
blue. Not the cheap
est sweater you can
buy, but certainly the
finest you’ll find any
where. 29.50 and
39.50 at Roos/Atkins.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
«
■
I
■
Distinclion in a
sweater that’s the
pride of the man who
wears one of R/A’s
golfer’s alpacas. Very
lightweight, very
comfortable and
easy-fiting, beauti
fully styled for the
links or for campus
wear. Bell sleeves in
■
■
■
■
■
*
*
a good selection of
stripes and solids, in
black, green, tan or
blue. Not the cheap
est sweater you can
buy, but certainly the
finest you’ll find any
where. 29.50 and
39.50 at Roos/Atkins.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
«
■
I
■
Distinclion in a
sweater that’s the
pride of the man who
wears one of R/A’s
golfer’s alpacas. Very
lightweight, very
comfortable and
easy-fiting, beauti
fully styled for the
links or for campus
wear. Bell sleeves in
■
■
■
■
■
*
*
a good selection of
stripes and solids, in
black, green, tan or
blue. Not the cheap
est sweater you can
buy, but certainly the
finest you’ll find any
where. 29.50 and
39.50 at Roos/Atkins.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
«
■
I
■
Distinclion in a
sweater that’s the
pride of the man who
wears one of R/A’s
golfer’s alpacas. Very
lightweight, very
comfortable and
easy-fiting, beauti
fully styled for the
links or for campus
wear. Bell sleeves in
■
■
■
■
■
*
*
a good selection of
stripes and solids, in
black, green, tan or
blue. Not the cheap
est sweater you can
buy, but certainly the
finest you’ll find any
where. 29.50 and
39.50 at Roos/Atkins.
ROOS/ATKINS
