# Correction
## 
### 
Dr. Donald Stilwell will discuss
medical school applications with
women’s groups and off campus
students on May 16, with under
graduate dormitories on May 20,
and with fraternities on May 23.
Dr. Donald Stilwell will discuss
medical school applications with
women’s groups and off campus
students on May 16, with under
graduate dormitories on May 20,
and with fraternities on May 23.
Dr. Donald Stilwell will discuss
medical school applications with
women’s groups and off campus
students on May 16, with under
graduate dormitories on May 20,
and with fraternities on May 23.
Dr. Donald Stilwell will discuss
medical school applications with
women’s groups and off campus
students on May 16, with under
graduate dormitories on May 20,
and with fraternities on May 23.
Dr. Donald Stilwell will discuss
medical school applications with
women’s groups and off campus
students on May 16, with under
graduate dormitories on May 20,
and with fraternities on May 23.
Dr. Donald Stilwell will discuss
medical school applications with
women’s groups and off campus
students on May 16, with under
graduate dormitories on May 20,
and with fraternities on May 23.
Dr. Donald Stilwell will discuss
medical school applications with
women’s groups and off campus
students on May 16, with under
graduate dormitories on May 20,
and with fraternities on May 23.
Dr. Donald Stilwell will discuss
medical school applications with
women’s groups and off campus
students on May 16, with under
graduate dormitories on May 20,
and with fraternities on May 23.
Dr. Donald Stilwell will discuss
medical school applications with
women’s groups and off campus
students on May 16, with under
graduate dormitories on May 20,
and with fraternities on May 23.
Dr. Donald Stilwell will discuss
medical school applications with
women’s groups and off campus
students on May 16, with under
graduate dormitories on May 20,
and with fraternities on May 23.
Dr. Donald Stilwell will discuss
medical school applications with
women’s groups and off campus
students on May 16, with under
graduate dormitories on May 20,
and with fraternities on May 23.
Dr. Donald Stilwell will discuss
medical school applications with
women’s groups and off campus
students on May 16, with under
graduate dormitories on May 20,
and with fraternities on May 23.
Dr. Donald Stilwell will discuss
medical school applications with
women’s groups and off campus
students on May 16, with under
graduate dormitories on May 20,
and with fraternities on May 23.
Dr. Donald Stilwell will discuss
medical school applications with
women’s groups and off campus
students on May 16, with under
graduate dormitories on May 20,
and with fraternities on May 23.
Dr. Donald Stilwell will discuss
medical school applications with
women’s groups and off campus
students on May 16, with under
graduate dormitories on May 20,
and with fraternities on May 23.
