# IIR Survey Com Calls for Campus Opinion Pollsters
## 
### 
"We can satisfy your secret desire
to become a public opinion poll
ster, " claims the International Sur
vey Committee. Joan Witzman, com
mittee chairman, asks interested stu
dents to come to meeting in the lIR
Office tomorrow afternoon at 4:15.
Survey Committee is starting
three new projects, one of which is
a campus stuent poll to determine
which lIR policies have student ap
provel and what new functions it
could perform.
The other projects for which peo
ple arc also needed include devising
a handbook of persons, places, and
events for Farm students going to
Europe in the summer of 1950, and
establishing contact with students
and student organizations in Latin
America, the Near East, and the Far
East.
Students wishing to work on these
projects may attend the meeting to
morrow afternoon, or leave their
names at the lIR Office any after
noon between 3 and 5.
