# MANY SONGS ARE SUBMITTED.
## Committee Has Not Yet Selected Prize- Winning Verses.â€”Yell Contest Still Open. 
### 
Owing to the unusual number of
excellent new songs submitted to the
"Yell Committee," a request will be
made this evening to the Executive
Committee to grant a second prize in
the song contest. Fifteen songs, or
iginal in both words and music and
fourteen written to adapted music
have been under the consideration of
the committee, which has picked five
to be used this year. The prize-win
ning songs will be selected either to
morrow or Friday, and it is probable
that preference in the choice will be
given to those songs original in every
respect.
Miss A. Ellerbeck, '08, is the author
of a second verse to "Come, Join the
Band," which was accepted by the
committee which also adopted another
verse of a "Son of a Gambolier," writ
ten by G. F. Morgan, '10.
As the yells submitted have not
come up to the standard desired by
the committee, it has been decided to
issue another call for them and any
one possessing an original idea for a
yell is requested to place it before
the committee.
Owing to the unusual number of
excellent new songs submitted to the
"Yell Committee," a request will be
made this evening to the Executive
Committee to grant a second prize in
the song contest. Fifteen songs, or
iginal in both words and music and
fourteen written to adapted music
have been under the consideration of
the committee, which has picked five
to be used this year. The prize-win
ning songs will be selected either to
morrow or Friday, and it is probable
that preference in the choice will be
given to those songs original in every
respect.
Miss A. Ellerbeck, '08, is the author
of a second verse to "Come, Join the
Band," which was accepted by the
committee which also adopted another
verse of a "Son of a Gambolier," writ
ten by G. F. Morgan, '10.
As the yells submitted have not
come up to the standard desired by
the committee, it has been decided to
issue another call for them and any
one possessing an original idea for a
yell is requested to place it before
the committee.
Owing to the unusual number of
excellent new songs submitted to the
"Yell Committee," a request will be
made this evening to the Executive
Committee to grant a second prize in
the song contest. Fifteen songs, or
iginal in both words and music and
fourteen written to adapted music
have been under the consideration of
the committee, which has picked five
to be used this year. The prize-win
ning songs will be selected either to
morrow or Friday, and it is probable
that preference in the choice will be
given to those songs original in every
respect.
Miss A. Ellerbeck, '08, is the author
of a second verse to "Come, Join the
Band," which was accepted by the
committee which also adopted another
verse of a "Son of a Gambolier," writ
ten by G. F. Morgan, '10.
As the yells submitted have not
come up to the standard desired by
the committee, it has been decided to
issue another call for them and any
one possessing an original idea for a
yell is requested to place it before
the committee.
Owing to the unusual number of
excellent new songs submitted to the
"Yell Committee," a request will be
made this evening to the Executive
Committee to grant a second prize in
the song contest. Fifteen songs, or
iginal in both words and music and
fourteen written to adapted music
have been under the consideration of
the committee, which has picked five
to be used this year. The prize-win
ning songs will be selected either to
morrow or Friday, and it is probable
that preference in the choice will be
given to those songs original in every
respect.
Miss A. Ellerbeck, '08, is the author
of a second verse to "Come, Join the
Band," which was accepted by the
committee which also adopted another
verse of a "Son of a Gambolier," writ
ten by G. F. Morgan, '10.
As the yells submitted have not
come up to the standard desired by
the committee, it has been decided to
issue another call for them and any
one possessing an original idea for a
yell is requested to place it before
the committee.
Owing to the unusual number of
excellent new songs submitted to the
"Yell Committee," a request will be
made this evening to the Executive
Committee to grant a second prize in
the song contest. Fifteen songs, or
iginal in both words and music and
fourteen written to adapted music
have been under the consideration of
the committee, which has picked five
to be used this year. The prize-win
ning songs will be selected either to
morrow or Friday, and it is probable
that preference in the choice will be
given to those songs original in every
respect.
Miss A. Ellerbeck, '08, is the author
of a second verse to "Come, Join the
Band," which was accepted by the
committee which also adopted another
verse of a "Son of a Gambolier," writ
ten by G. F. Morgan, '10.
As the yells submitted have not
come up to the standard desired by
the committee, it has been decided to
issue another call for them and any
one possessing an original idea for a
yell is requested to place it before
the committee.
Owing to the unusual number of
excellent new songs submitted to the
"Yell Committee," a request will be
made this evening to the Executive
Committee to grant a second prize in
the song contest. Fifteen songs, or
iginal in both words and music and
fourteen written to adapted music
have been under the consideration of
the committee, which has picked five
to be used this year. The prize-win
ning songs will be selected either to
morrow or Friday, and it is probable
that preference in the choice will be
given to those songs original in every
respect.
Miss A. Ellerbeck, '08, is the author
of a second verse to "Come, Join the
Band," which was accepted by the
committee which also adopted another
verse of a "Son of a Gambolier," writ
ten by G. F. Morgan, '10.
As the yells submitted have not
come up to the standard desired by
the committee, it has been decided to
issue another call for them and any
one possessing an original idea for a
yell is requested to place it before
the committee.
Owing to the unusual number of
excellent new songs submitted to the
"Yell Committee," a request will be
made this evening to the Executive
Committee to grant a second prize in
the song contest. Fifteen songs, or
iginal in both words and music and
fourteen written to adapted music
have been under the consideration of
the committee, which has picked five
to be used this year. The prize-win
ning songs will be selected either to
morrow or Friday, and it is probable
that preference in the choice will be
given to those songs original in every
respect.
Miss A. Ellerbeck, '08, is the author
of a second verse to "Come, Join the
Band," which was accepted by the
committee which also adopted another
verse of a "Son of a Gambolier," writ
ten by G. F. Morgan, '10.
As the yells submitted have not
come up to the standard desired by
the committee, it has been decided to
issue another call for them and any
one possessing an original idea for a
yell is requested to place it before
the committee.
Owing to the unusual number of
excellent new songs submitted to the
"Yell Committee," a request will be
made this evening to the Executive
Committee to grant a second prize in
the song contest. Fifteen songs, or
iginal in both words and music and
fourteen written to adapted music
have been under the consideration of
the committee, which has picked five
to be used this year. The prize-win
ning songs will be selected either to
morrow or Friday, and it is probable
that preference in the choice will be
given to those songs original in every
respect.
Miss A. Ellerbeck, '08, is the author
of a second verse to "Come, Join the
Band," which was accepted by the
committee which also adopted another
verse of a "Son of a Gambolier," writ
ten by G. F. Morgan, '10.
As the yells submitted have not
come up to the standard desired by
the committee, it has been decided to
issue another call for them and any
one possessing an original idea for a
yell is requested to place it before
the committee.
Owing to the unusual number of
excellent new songs submitted to the
"Yell Committee," a request will be
made this evening to the Executive
Committee to grant a second prize in
the song contest. Fifteen songs, or
iginal in both words and music and
fourteen written to adapted music
have been under the consideration of
the committee, which has picked five
to be used this year. The prize-win
ning songs will be selected either to
morrow or Friday, and it is probable
that preference in the choice will be
given to those songs original in every
respect.
Miss A. Ellerbeck, '08, is the author
of a second verse to "Come, Join the
Band," which was accepted by the
committee which also adopted another
verse of a "Son of a Gambolier," writ
ten by G. F. Morgan, '10.
As the yells submitted have not
come up to the standard desired by
the committee, it has been decided to
issue another call for them and any
one possessing an original idea for a
yell is requested to place it before
the committee.
Owing to the unusual number of
excellent new songs submitted to the
"Yell Committee," a request will be
made this evening to the Executive
Committee to grant a second prize in
the song contest. Fifteen songs, or
iginal in both words and music and
fourteen written to adapted music
have been under the consideration of
the committee, which has picked five
to be used this year. The prize-win
ning songs will be selected either to
morrow or Friday, and it is probable
that preference in the choice will be
given to those songs original in every
respect.
Miss A. Ellerbeck, '08, is the author
of a second verse to "Come, Join the
Band," which was accepted by the
committee which also adopted another
verse of a "Son of a Gambolier," writ
ten by G. F. Morgan, '10.
As the yells submitted have not
come up to the standard desired by
the committee, it has been decided to
issue another call for them and any
one possessing an original idea for a
yell is requested to place it before
the committee.
Owing to the unusual number of
excellent new songs submitted to the
"Yell Committee," a request will be
made this evening to the Executive
Committee to grant a second prize in
the song contest. Fifteen songs, or
iginal in both words and music and
fourteen written to adapted music
have been under the consideration of
the committee, which has picked five
to be used this year. The prize-win
ning songs will be selected either to
morrow or Friday, and it is probable
that preference in the choice will be
given to those songs original in every
respect.
Miss A. Ellerbeck, '08, is the author
of a second verse to "Come, Join the
Band," which was accepted by the
committee which also adopted another
verse of a "Son of a Gambolier," writ
ten by G. F. Morgan, '10.
As the yells submitted have not
come up to the standard desired by
the committee, it has been decided to
issue another call for them and any
one possessing an original idea for a
yell is requested to place it before
the committee.
