# STANFORD GRADUATES TO MAKE SURVEY OF MARKETING IN SOUTH
## 
### 
John M. Ilager and C. R. Niklason,
both graduates of Stanford, have been
selected to direct the marketing sur
vey being made by the Bureau of For
eign and Domestic Commerce in the
Pacific Southwest.
It is the purpose of the survey to
gather basic information on the fac
tors governing distribution on the Pa
cific Coast and to make a complete
analysis of areas where trade charac
teristics are similar and related. Head
quarters of the survey have been
established in the San Francisco Cus
toms House.
John M. Ilager and C. R. Niklason,
both graduates of Stanford, have been
selected to direct the marketing sur
vey being made by the Bureau of For
eign and Domestic Commerce in the
Pacific Southwest.
It is the purpose of the survey to
gather basic information on the fac
tors governing distribution on the Pa
cific Coast and to make a complete
analysis of areas where trade charac
teristics are similar and related. Head
quarters of the survey have been
established in the San Francisco Cus
toms House.
John M. Ilager and C. R. Niklason,
both graduates of Stanford, have been
selected to direct the marketing sur
vey being made by the Bureau of For
eign and Domestic Commerce in the
Pacific Southwest.
It is the purpose of the survey to
gather basic information on the fac
tors governing distribution on the Pa
cific Coast and to make a complete
analysis of areas where trade charac
teristics are similar and related. Head
quarters of the survey have been
established in the San Francisco Cus
toms House.
John M. Ilager and C. R. Niklason,
both graduates of Stanford, have been
selected to direct the marketing sur
vey being made by the Bureau of For
eign and Domestic Commerce in the
Pacific Southwest.
It is the purpose of the survey to
gather basic information on the fac
tors governing distribution on the Pa
cific Coast and to make a complete
analysis of areas where trade charac
teristics are similar and related. Head
quarters of the survey have been
established in the San Francisco Cus
toms House.
John M. Ilager and C. R. Niklason,
both graduates of Stanford, have been
selected to direct the marketing sur
vey being made by the Bureau of For
eign and Domestic Commerce in the
Pacific Southwest.
It is the purpose of the survey to
gather basic information on the fac
tors governing distribution on the Pa
cific Coast and to make a complete
analysis of areas where trade charac
teristics are similar and related. Head
quarters of the survey have been
established in the San Francisco Cus
toms House.
John M. Ilager and C. R. Niklason,
both graduates of Stanford, have been
selected to direct the marketing sur
vey being made by the Bureau of For
eign and Domestic Commerce in the
Pacific Southwest.
It is the purpose of the survey to
gather basic information on the fac
tors governing distribution on the Pa
cific Coast and to make a complete
analysis of areas where trade charac
teristics are similar and related. Head
quarters of the survey have been
established in the San Francisco Cus
toms House.
John M. Ilager and C. R. Niklason,
both graduates of Stanford, have been
selected to direct the marketing sur
vey being made by the Bureau of For
eign and Domestic Commerce in the
Pacific Southwest.
It is the purpose of the survey to
gather basic information on the fac
tors governing distribution on the Pa
cific Coast and to make a complete
analysis of areas where trade charac
teristics are similar and related. Head
quarters of the survey have been
established in the San Francisco Cus
toms House.
John M. Ilager and C. R. Niklason,
both graduates of Stanford, have been
selected to direct the marketing sur
vey being made by the Bureau of For
eign and Domestic Commerce in the
Pacific Southwest.
It is the purpose of the survey to
gather basic information on the fac
tors governing distribution on the Pa
cific Coast and to make a complete
analysis of areas where trade charac
teristics are similar and related. Head
quarters of the survey have been
established in the San Francisco Cus
toms House.
John M. Ilager and C. R. Niklason,
both graduates of Stanford, have been
selected to direct the marketing sur
vey being made by the Bureau of For
eign and Domestic Commerce in the
Pacific Southwest.
It is the purpose of the survey to
gather basic information on the fac
tors governing distribution on the Pa
cific Coast and to make a complete
analysis of areas where trade charac
teristics are similar and related. Head
quarters of the survey have been
established in the San Francisco Cus
toms House.
John M. Ilager and C. R. Niklason,
both graduates of Stanford, have been
selected to direct the marketing sur
vey being made by the Bureau of For
eign and Domestic Commerce in the
Pacific Southwest.
It is the purpose of the survey to
gather basic information on the fac
tors governing distribution on the Pa
cific Coast and to make a complete
analysis of areas where trade charac
teristics are similar and related. Head
quarters of the survey have been
established in the San Francisco Cus
toms House.
John M. Ilager and C. R. Niklason,
both graduates of Stanford, have been
selected to direct the marketing sur
vey being made by the Bureau of For
eign and Domestic Commerce in the
Pacific Southwest.
It is the purpose of the survey to
gather basic information on the fac
tors governing distribution on the Pa
cific Coast and to make a complete
analysis of areas where trade charac
teristics are similar and related. Head
quarters of the survey have been
established in the San Francisco Cus
toms House.
John M. Ilager and C. R. Niklason,
both graduates of Stanford, have been
selected to direct the marketing sur
vey being made by the Bureau of For
eign and Domestic Commerce in the
Pacific Southwest.
It is the purpose of the survey to
gather basic information on the fac
tors governing distribution on the Pa
cific Coast and to make a complete
analysis of areas where trade charac
teristics are similar and related. Head
quarters of the survey have been
established in the San Francisco Cus
toms House.
John M. Ilager and C. R. Niklason,
both graduates of Stanford, have been
selected to direct the marketing sur
vey being made by the Bureau of For
eign and Domestic Commerce in the
Pacific Southwest.
It is the purpose of the survey to
gather basic information on the fac
tors governing distribution on the Pa
cific Coast and to make a complete
analysis of areas where trade charac
teristics are similar and related. Head
quarters of the survey have been
established in the San Francisco Cus
toms House.
John M. Ilager and C. R. Niklason,
both graduates of Stanford, have been
selected to direct the marketing sur
vey being made by the Bureau of For
eign and Domestic Commerce in the
Pacific Southwest.
It is the purpose of the survey to
gather basic information on the fac
tors governing distribution on the Pa
cific Coast and to make a complete
analysis of areas where trade charac
teristics are similar and related. Head
quarters of the survey have been
established in the San Francisco Cus
toms House.
John M. Ilager and C. R. Niklason,
both graduates of Stanford, have been
selected to direct the marketing sur
vey being made by the Bureau of For
eign and Domestic Commerce in the
Pacific Southwest.
It is the purpose of the survey to
gather basic information on the fac
tors governing distribution on the Pa
cific Coast and to make a complete
analysis of areas where trade charac
teristics are similar and related. Head
quarters of the survey have been
established in the San Francisco Cus
toms House.
