# Warren Mead Will Speak On "Rock Metamorphism"
## 
### 
Professor Warren J. Mearl of the
Department of Geology at the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, will give a series
of five lectures on the general subject
of "Rock Metamorphism," at 4 o'clock
this afternoon and each day until Fri
day in Room 334, Geology building.
The lectures will be primarily for
advanced students, but the meetings
will be open to all who may be in
terested.
Professor Warren J. Mearl of the
Department of Geology at the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, will give a series
of five lectures on the general subject
of "Rock Metamorphism," at 4 o'clock
this afternoon and each day until Fri
day in Room 334, Geology building.
The lectures will be primarily for
advanced students, but the meetings
will be open to all who may be in
terested.
Professor Warren J. Mearl of the
Department of Geology at the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, will give a series
of five lectures on the general subject
of "Rock Metamorphism," at 4 o'clock
this afternoon and each day until Fri
day in Room 334, Geology building.
The lectures will be primarily for
advanced students, but the meetings
will be open to all who may be in
terested.
Professor Warren J. Mearl of the
Department of Geology at the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, will give a series
of five lectures on the general subject
of "Rock Metamorphism," at 4 o'clock
this afternoon and each day until Fri
day in Room 334, Geology building.
The lectures will be primarily for
advanced students, but the meetings
will be open to all who may be in
terested.
Professor Warren J. Mearl of the
Department of Geology at the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, will give a series
of five lectures on the general subject
of "Rock Metamorphism," at 4 o'clock
this afternoon and each day until Fri
day in Room 334, Geology building.
The lectures will be primarily for
advanced students, but the meetings
will be open to all who may be in
terested.
Professor Warren J. Mearl of the
Department of Geology at the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, will give a series
of five lectures on the general subject
of "Rock Metamorphism," at 4 o'clock
this afternoon and each day until Fri
day in Room 334, Geology building.
The lectures will be primarily for
advanced students, but the meetings
will be open to all who may be in
terested.
Professor Warren J. Mearl of the
Department of Geology at the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, will give a series
of five lectures on the general subject
of "Rock Metamorphism," at 4 o'clock
this afternoon and each day until Fri
day in Room 334, Geology building.
The lectures will be primarily for
advanced students, but the meetings
will be open to all who may be in
terested.
Professor Warren J. Mearl of the
Department of Geology at the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, will give a series
of five lectures on the general subject
of "Rock Metamorphism," at 4 o'clock
this afternoon and each day until Fri
day in Room 334, Geology building.
The lectures will be primarily for
advanced students, but the meetings
will be open to all who may be in
terested.
Professor Warren J. Mearl of the
Department of Geology at the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, will give a series
of five lectures on the general subject
of "Rock Metamorphism," at 4 o'clock
this afternoon and each day until Fri
day in Room 334, Geology building.
The lectures will be primarily for
advanced students, but the meetings
will be open to all who may be in
terested.
Professor Warren J. Mearl of the
Department of Geology at the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, will give a series
of five lectures on the general subject
of "Rock Metamorphism," at 4 o'clock
this afternoon and each day until Fri
day in Room 334, Geology building.
The lectures will be primarily for
advanced students, but the meetings
will be open to all who may be in
terested.
Professor Warren J. Mearl of the
Department of Geology at the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, will give a series
of five lectures on the general subject
of "Rock Metamorphism," at 4 o'clock
this afternoon and each day until Fri
day in Room 334, Geology building.
The lectures will be primarily for
advanced students, but the meetings
will be open to all who may be in
terested.
Professor Warren J. Mearl of the
Department of Geology at the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, will give a series
of five lectures on the general subject
of "Rock Metamorphism," at 4 o'clock
this afternoon and each day until Fri
day in Room 334, Geology building.
The lectures will be primarily for
advanced students, but the meetings
will be open to all who may be in
terested.
Professor Warren J. Mearl of the
Department of Geology at the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, will give a series
of five lectures on the general subject
of "Rock Metamorphism," at 4 o'clock
this afternoon and each day until Fri
day in Room 334, Geology building.
The lectures will be primarily for
advanced students, but the meetings
will be open to all who may be in
terested.
Professor Warren J. Mearl of the
Department of Geology at the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, will give a series
of five lectures on the general subject
of "Rock Metamorphism," at 4 o'clock
this afternoon and each day until Fri
day in Room 334, Geology building.
The lectures will be primarily for
advanced students, but the meetings
will be open to all who may be in
terested.
Professor Warren J. Mearl of the
Department of Geology at the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, will give a series
of five lectures on the general subject
of "Rock Metamorphism," at 4 o'clock
this afternoon and each day until Fri
day in Room 334, Geology building.
The lectures will be primarily for
advanced students, but the meetings
will be open to all who may be in
terested.
