# PALO ALTO BUSINESS CONDITION SURVEYED BY ADVERTISING CLUB
## 
### 
Results of a survey of business con
ditions in Palo Alto were given to the
Stanford Advertising Club at their
meeting last week. The survey was
prepared by students in the advertis
ing c lass conducted by Dr. E. K.
Strong, Jr., Professor in the Graduate
School of Business.
Ratings based on the store's appear
ance to the customer disclosed that !
of the seventy retail establishments, j
none were classed as ''very poorly \
kept," while over half are either "at
tractive and pleasing," or "luxurious."
In the stores only two instances of
"tiresome waits" were experienced, j
Thirty-six had prompt service and in
four there were clerks at the door.
Appearances of salesmen resulted in
a variance of reactions. Five were
classed as "slovenly," eleven as
"slightly untidy," thirty as suitably
attired, seventeen as very neat, and
five were "fastidiously dressed."
No cases of open discourtesy were I
recorded, but in eleven instances in- i
vestigators found the clerk "a trifle ;
brusque." Of the remaining experi- j
ences, twenty-seven were "ordinary
attitudes, thirty were gracious and
considerate, and two "fell all over j
themselves to be courteous."
Results of a survey of business con
ditions in Palo Alto were given to the
Stanford Advertising Club at their
meeting last week. The survey was
prepared by students in the advertis
ing c lass conducted by Dr. E. K.
Strong, Jr., Professor in the Graduate
School of Business.
Ratings based on the store's appear
ance to the customer disclosed that !
of the seventy retail establishments, j
none were classed as ''very poorly \
kept," while over half are either "at
tractive and pleasing," or "luxurious."
In the stores only two instances of
"tiresome waits" were experienced, j
Thirty-six had prompt service and in
four there were clerks at the door.
Appearances of salesmen resulted in
a variance of reactions. Five were
classed as "slovenly," eleven as
"slightly untidy," thirty as suitably
attired, seventeen as very neat, and
five were "fastidiously dressed."
No cases of open discourtesy were I
recorded, but in eleven instances in- i
vestigators found the clerk "a trifle ;
brusque." Of the remaining experi- j
ences, twenty-seven were "ordinary
attitudes, thirty were gracious and
considerate, and two "fell all over j
themselves to be courteous."
Results of a survey of business con
ditions in Palo Alto were given to the
Stanford Advertising Club at their
meeting last week. The survey was
prepared by students in the advertis
ing c lass conducted by Dr. E. K.
Strong, Jr., Professor in the Graduate
School of Business.
Ratings based on the store's appear
ance to the customer disclosed that !
of the seventy retail establishments, j
none were classed as ''very poorly \
kept," while over half are either "at
tractive and pleasing," or "luxurious."
In the stores only two instances of
"tiresome waits" were experienced, j
Thirty-six had prompt service and in
four there were clerks at the door.
Appearances of salesmen resulted in
a variance of reactions. Five were
classed as "slovenly," eleven as
"slightly untidy," thirty as suitably
attired, seventeen as very neat, and
five were "fastidiously dressed."
No cases of open discourtesy were I
recorded, but in eleven instances in- i
vestigators found the clerk "a trifle ;
brusque." Of the remaining experi- j
ences, twenty-seven were "ordinary
attitudes, thirty were gracious and
considerate, and two "fell all over j
themselves to be courteous."
Results of a survey of business con
ditions in Palo Alto were given to the
Stanford Advertising Club at their
meeting last week. The survey was
prepared by students in the advertis
ing c lass conducted by Dr. E. K.
Strong, Jr., Professor in the Graduate
School of Business.
Ratings based on the store's appear
ance to the customer disclosed that !
of the seventy retail establishments, j
none were classed as ''very poorly \
kept," while over half are either "at
tractive and pleasing," or "luxurious."
In the stores only two instances of
"tiresome waits" were experienced, j
Thirty-six had prompt service and in
four there were clerks at the door.
Appearances of salesmen resulted in
a variance of reactions. Five were
classed as "slovenly," eleven as
"slightly untidy," thirty as suitably
attired, seventeen as very neat, and
five were "fastidiously dressed."
No cases of open discourtesy were I
recorded, but in eleven instances in- i
vestigators found the clerk "a trifle ;
brusque." Of the remaining experi- j
ences, twenty-seven were "ordinary
attitudes, thirty were gracious and
considerate, and two "fell all over j
themselves to be courteous."
Results of a survey of business con
ditions in Palo Alto were given to the
Stanford Advertising Club at their
meeting last week. The survey was
prepared by students in the advertis
ing c lass conducted by Dr. E. K.
Strong, Jr., Professor in the Graduate
School of Business.
Ratings based on the store's appear
ance to the customer disclosed that !
of the seventy retail establishments, j
none were classed as ''very poorly \
kept," while over half are either "at
tractive and pleasing," or "luxurious."
In the stores only two instances of
"tiresome waits" were experienced, j
Thirty-six had prompt service and in
four there were clerks at the door.
Appearances of salesmen resulted in
a variance of reactions. Five were
classed as "slovenly," eleven as
"slightly untidy," thirty as suitably
attired, seventeen as very neat, and
five were "fastidiously dressed."
No cases of open discourtesy were I
recorded, but in eleven instances in- i
vestigators found the clerk "a trifle ;
brusque." Of the remaining experi- j
ences, twenty-seven were "ordinary
attitudes, thirty were gracious and
considerate, and two "fell all over j
themselves to be courteous."
Results of a survey of business con
ditions in Palo Alto were given to the
Stanford Advertising Club at their
meeting last week. The survey was
prepared by students in the advertis
ing c lass conducted by Dr. E. K.
Strong, Jr., Professor in the Graduate
School of Business.
Ratings based on the store's appear
ance to the customer disclosed that !
of the seventy retail establishments, j
none were classed as ''very poorly \
kept," while over half are either "at
tractive and pleasing," or "luxurious."
In the stores only two instances of
"tiresome waits" were experienced, j
Thirty-six had prompt service and in
four there were clerks at the door.
Appearances of salesmen resulted in
a variance of reactions. Five were
classed as "slovenly," eleven as
"slightly untidy," thirty as suitably
attired, seventeen as very neat, and
five were "fastidiously dressed."
No cases of open discourtesy were I
recorded, but in eleven instances in- i
vestigators found the clerk "a trifle ;
brusque." Of the remaining experi- j
ences, twenty-seven were "ordinary
attitudes, thirty were gracious and
considerate, and two "fell all over j
themselves to be courteous."
Results of a survey of business con
ditions in Palo Alto were given to the
Stanford Advertising Club at their
meeting last week. The survey was
prepared by students in the advertis
ing c lass conducted by Dr. E. K.
Strong, Jr., Professor in the Graduate
School of Business.
Ratings based on the store's appear
ance to the customer disclosed that !
of the seventy retail establishments, j
none were classed as ''very poorly \
kept," while over half are either "at
tractive and pleasing," or "luxurious."
In the stores only two instances of
"tiresome waits" were experienced, j
Thirty-six had prompt service and in
four there were clerks at the door.
Appearances of salesmen resulted in
a variance of reactions. Five were
classed as "slovenly," eleven as
"slightly untidy," thirty as suitably
attired, seventeen as very neat, and
five were "fastidiously dressed."
No cases of open discourtesy were I
recorded, but in eleven instances in- i
vestigators found the clerk "a trifle ;
brusque." Of the remaining experi- j
ences, twenty-seven were "ordinary
attitudes, thirty were gracious and
considerate, and two "fell all over j
themselves to be courteous."
Results of a survey of business con
ditions in Palo Alto were given to the
Stanford Advertising Club at their
meeting last week. The survey was
prepared by students in the advertis
ing c lass conducted by Dr. E. K.
Strong, Jr., Professor in the Graduate
School of Business.
Ratings based on the store's appear
ance to the customer disclosed that !
of the seventy retail establishments, j
none were classed as ''very poorly \
kept," while over half are either "at
tractive and pleasing," or "luxurious."
In the stores only two instances of
"tiresome waits" were experienced, j
Thirty-six had prompt service and in
four there were clerks at the door.
Appearances of salesmen resulted in
a variance of reactions. Five were
classed as "slovenly," eleven as
"slightly untidy," thirty as suitably
attired, seventeen as very neat, and
five were "fastidiously dressed."
No cases of open discourtesy were I
recorded, but in eleven instances in- i
vestigators found the clerk "a trifle ;
brusque." Of the remaining experi- j
ences, twenty-seven were "ordinary
attitudes, thirty were gracious and
considerate, and two "fell all over j
themselves to be courteous."
Results of a survey of business con
ditions in Palo Alto were given to the
Stanford Advertising Club at their
meeting last week. The survey was
prepared by students in the advertis
ing c lass conducted by Dr. E. K.
Strong, Jr., Professor in the Graduate
School of Business.
Ratings based on the store's appear
ance to the customer disclosed that !
of the seventy retail establishments, j
none were classed as ''very poorly \
kept," while over half are either "at
tractive and pleasing," or "luxurious."
In the stores only two instances of
"tiresome waits" were experienced, j
Thirty-six had prompt service and in
four there were clerks at the door.
Appearances of salesmen resulted in
a variance of reactions. Five were
classed as "slovenly," eleven as
"slightly untidy," thirty as suitably
attired, seventeen as very neat, and
five were "fastidiously dressed."
No cases of open discourtesy were I
recorded, but in eleven instances in- i
vestigators found the clerk "a trifle ;
brusque." Of the remaining experi- j
ences, twenty-seven were "ordinary
attitudes, thirty were gracious and
considerate, and two "fell all over j
themselves to be courteous."
Results of a survey of business con
ditions in Palo Alto were given to the
Stanford Advertising Club at their
meeting last week. The survey was
prepared by students in the advertis
ing c lass conducted by Dr. E. K.
Strong, Jr., Professor in the Graduate
School of Business.
Ratings based on the store's appear
ance to the customer disclosed that !
of the seventy retail establishments, j
none were classed as ''very poorly \
kept," while over half are either "at
tractive and pleasing," or "luxurious."
In the stores only two instances of
"tiresome waits" were experienced, j
Thirty-six had prompt service and in
four there were clerks at the door.
Appearances of salesmen resulted in
a variance of reactions. Five were
classed as "slovenly," eleven as
"slightly untidy," thirty as suitably
attired, seventeen as very neat, and
five were "fastidiously dressed."
No cases of open discourtesy were I
recorded, but in eleven instances in- i
vestigators found the clerk "a trifle ;
brusque." Of the remaining experi- j
ences, twenty-seven were "ordinary
attitudes, thirty were gracious and
considerate, and two "fell all over j
themselves to be courteous."
Results of a survey of business con
ditions in Palo Alto were given to the
Stanford Advertising Club at their
meeting last week. The survey was
prepared by students in the advertis
ing c lass conducted by Dr. E. K.
Strong, Jr., Professor in the Graduate
School of Business.
Ratings based on the store's appear
ance to the customer disclosed that !
of the seventy retail establishments, j
none were classed as ''very poorly \
kept," while over half are either "at
tractive and pleasing," or "luxurious."
In the stores only two instances of
"tiresome waits" were experienced, j
Thirty-six had prompt service and in
four there were clerks at the door.
Appearances of salesmen resulted in
a variance of reactions. Five were
classed as "slovenly," eleven as
"slightly untidy," thirty as suitably
attired, seventeen as very neat, and
five were "fastidiously dressed."
No cases of open discourtesy were I
recorded, but in eleven instances in- i
vestigators found the clerk "a trifle ;
brusque." Of the remaining experi- j
ences, twenty-seven were "ordinary
attitudes, thirty were gracious and
considerate, and two "fell all over j
themselves to be courteous."
Results of a survey of business con
ditions in Palo Alto were given to the
Stanford Advertising Club at their
meeting last week. The survey was
prepared by students in the advertis
ing c lass conducted by Dr. E. K.
Strong, Jr., Professor in the Graduate
School of Business.
Ratings based on the store's appear
ance to the customer disclosed that !
of the seventy retail establishments, j
none were classed as ''very poorly \
kept," while over half are either "at
tractive and pleasing," or "luxurious."
In the stores only two instances of
"tiresome waits" were experienced, j
Thirty-six had prompt service and in
four there were clerks at the door.
Appearances of salesmen resulted in
a variance of reactions. Five were
classed as "slovenly," eleven as
"slightly untidy," thirty as suitably
attired, seventeen as very neat, and
five were "fastidiously dressed."
No cases of open discourtesy were I
recorded, but in eleven instances in- i
vestigators found the clerk "a trifle ;
brusque." Of the remaining experi- j
ences, twenty-seven were "ordinary
attitudes, thirty were gracious and
considerate, and two "fell all over j
themselves to be courteous."
Results of a survey of business con
ditions in Palo Alto were given to the
Stanford Advertising Club at their
meeting last week. The survey was
prepared by students in the advertis
ing c lass conducted by Dr. E. K.
Strong, Jr., Professor in the Graduate
School of Business.
Ratings based on the store's appear
ance to the customer disclosed that !
of the seventy retail establishments, j
none were classed as ''very poorly \
kept," while over half are either "at
tractive and pleasing," or "luxurious."
In the stores only two instances of
"tiresome waits" were experienced, j
Thirty-six had prompt service and in
four there were clerks at the door.
Appearances of salesmen resulted in
a variance of reactions. Five were
classed as "slovenly," eleven as
"slightly untidy," thirty as suitably
attired, seventeen as very neat, and
five were "fastidiously dressed."
No cases of open discourtesy were I
recorded, but in eleven instances in- i
vestigators found the clerk "a trifle ;
brusque." Of the remaining experi- j
ences, twenty-seven were "ordinary
attitudes, thirty were gracious and
considerate, and two "fell all over j
themselves to be courteous."
Results of a survey of business con
ditions in Palo Alto were given to the
Stanford Advertising Club at their
meeting last week. The survey was
prepared by students in the advertis
ing c lass conducted by Dr. E. K.
Strong, Jr., Professor in the Graduate
School of Business.
Ratings based on the store's appear
ance to the customer disclosed that !
of the seventy retail establishments, j
none were classed as ''very poorly \
kept," while over half are either "at
tractive and pleasing," or "luxurious."
In the stores only two instances of
"tiresome waits" were experienced, j
Thirty-six had prompt service and in
four there were clerks at the door.
Appearances of salesmen resulted in
a variance of reactions. Five were
classed as "slovenly," eleven as
"slightly untidy," thirty as suitably
attired, seventeen as very neat, and
five were "fastidiously dressed."
No cases of open discourtesy were I
recorded, but in eleven instances in- i
vestigators found the clerk "a trifle ;
brusque." Of the remaining experi- j
ences, twenty-seven were "ordinary
attitudes, thirty were gracious and
considerate, and two "fell all over j
themselves to be courteous."
Results of a survey of business con
ditions in Palo Alto were given to the
Stanford Advertising Club at their
meeting last week. The survey was
prepared by students in the advertis
ing c lass conducted by Dr. E. K.
Strong, Jr., Professor in the Graduate
School of Business.
Ratings based on the store's appear
ance to the customer disclosed that !
of the seventy retail establishments, j
none were classed as ''very poorly \
kept," while over half are either "at
tractive and pleasing," or "luxurious."
In the stores only two instances of
"tiresome waits" were experienced, j
Thirty-six had prompt service and in
four there were clerks at the door.
Appearances of salesmen resulted in
a variance of reactions. Five were
classed as "slovenly," eleven as
"slightly untidy," thirty as suitably
attired, seventeen as very neat, and
five were "fastidiously dressed."
No cases of open discourtesy were I
recorded, but in eleven instances in- i
vestigators found the clerk "a trifle ;
brusque." Of the remaining experi- j
ences, twenty-seven were "ordinary
attitudes, thirty were gracious and
considerate, and two "fell all over j
themselves to be courteous."
