# Salvage Collection Put Off a Month
## 
### 
Salvage collection was postponed
Saturday until next month, according
to Vashti O'Donnell, chairman of the
Salvage Committee.
"Our salvage was collected by the
Peninsula Sanitary Service every
month together with the Palo Alto
salvage, but the amount of tin cans
collected each month was not suffi
cient to warrant a monthly collec
tion. Palo Alto decided to have the
drive every other month arid conse
quently ours had to bo postponed,"
she said.
Salvage collection was postponed
Saturday until next month, according
to Vashti O'Donnell, chairman of the
Salvage Committee.
"Our salvage was collected by the
Peninsula Sanitary Service every
month together with the Palo Alto
salvage, but the amount of tin cans
collected each month was not suffi
cient to warrant a monthly collec
tion. Palo Alto decided to have the
drive every other month arid conse
quently ours had to bo postponed,"
she said.
Salvage collection was postponed
Saturday until next month, according
to Vashti O'Donnell, chairman of the
Salvage Committee.
"Our salvage was collected by the
Peninsula Sanitary Service every
month together with the Palo Alto
salvage, but the amount of tin cans
collected each month was not suffi
cient to warrant a monthly collec
tion. Palo Alto decided to have the
drive every other month arid conse
quently ours had to bo postponed,"
she said.
Salvage collection was postponed
Saturday until next month, according
to Vashti O'Donnell, chairman of the
Salvage Committee.
"Our salvage was collected by the
Peninsula Sanitary Service every
month together with the Palo Alto
salvage, but the amount of tin cans
collected each month was not suffi
cient to warrant a monthly collec
tion. Palo Alto decided to have the
drive every other month arid conse
quently ours had to bo postponed,"
she said.
Salvage collection was postponed
Saturday until next month, according
to Vashti O'Donnell, chairman of the
Salvage Committee.
"Our salvage was collected by the
Peninsula Sanitary Service every
month together with the Palo Alto
salvage, but the amount of tin cans
collected each month was not suffi
cient to warrant a monthly collec
tion. Palo Alto decided to have the
drive every other month arid conse
quently ours had to bo postponed,"
she said.
Salvage collection was postponed
Saturday until next month, according
to Vashti O'Donnell, chairman of the
Salvage Committee.
"Our salvage was collected by the
Peninsula Sanitary Service every
month together with the Palo Alto
salvage, but the amount of tin cans
collected each month was not suffi
cient to warrant a monthly collec
tion. Palo Alto decided to have the
drive every other month arid conse
quently ours had to bo postponed,"
she said.
Salvage collection was postponed
Saturday until next month, according
to Vashti O'Donnell, chairman of the
Salvage Committee.
"Our salvage was collected by the
Peninsula Sanitary Service every
month together with the Palo Alto
salvage, but the amount of tin cans
collected each month was not suffi
cient to warrant a monthly collec
tion. Palo Alto decided to have the
drive every other month arid conse
quently ours had to bo postponed,"
she said.
Salvage collection was postponed
Saturday until next month, according
to Vashti O'Donnell, chairman of the
Salvage Committee.
"Our salvage was collected by the
Peninsula Sanitary Service every
month together with the Palo Alto
salvage, but the amount of tin cans
collected each month was not suffi
cient to warrant a monthly collec
tion. Palo Alto decided to have the
drive every other month arid conse
quently ours had to bo postponed,"
she said.
Salvage collection was postponed
Saturday until next month, according
to Vashti O'Donnell, chairman of the
Salvage Committee.
"Our salvage was collected by the
Peninsula Sanitary Service every
month together with the Palo Alto
salvage, but the amount of tin cans
collected each month was not suffi
cient to warrant a monthly collec
tion. Palo Alto decided to have the
drive every other month arid conse
quently ours had to bo postponed,"
she said.
Salvage collection was postponed
Saturday until next month, according
to Vashti O'Donnell, chairman of the
Salvage Committee.
"Our salvage was collected by the
Peninsula Sanitary Service every
month together with the Palo Alto
salvage, but the amount of tin cans
collected each month was not suffi
cient to warrant a monthly collec
tion. Palo Alto decided to have the
drive every other month arid conse
quently ours had to bo postponed,"
she said.
Salvage collection was postponed
Saturday until next month, according
to Vashti O'Donnell, chairman of the
Salvage Committee.
"Our salvage was collected by the
Peninsula Sanitary Service every
month together with the Palo Alto
salvage, but the amount of tin cans
collected each month was not suffi
cient to warrant a monthly collec
tion. Palo Alto decided to have the
drive every other month arid conse
quently ours had to bo postponed,"
she said.
Salvage collection was postponed
Saturday until next month, according
to Vashti O'Donnell, chairman of the
Salvage Committee.
"Our salvage was collected by the
Peninsula Sanitary Service every
month together with the Palo Alto
salvage, but the amount of tin cans
collected each month was not suffi
cient to warrant a monthly collec
tion. Palo Alto decided to have the
drive every other month arid conse
quently ours had to bo postponed,"
she said.
Salvage collection was postponed
Saturday until next month, according
to Vashti O'Donnell, chairman of the
Salvage Committee.
"Our salvage was collected by the
Peninsula Sanitary Service every
month together with the Palo Alto
salvage, but the amount of tin cans
collected each month was not suffi
cient to warrant a monthly collec
tion. Palo Alto decided to have the
drive every other month arid conse
quently ours had to bo postponed,"
she said.
Salvage collection was postponed
Saturday until next month, according
to Vashti O'Donnell, chairman of the
Salvage Committee.
"Our salvage was collected by the
Peninsula Sanitary Service every
month together with the Palo Alto
salvage, but the amount of tin cans
collected each month was not suffi
cient to warrant a monthly collec
tion. Palo Alto decided to have the
drive every other month arid conse
quently ours had to bo postponed,"
she said.
Salvage collection was postponed
Saturday until next month, according
to Vashti O'Donnell, chairman of the
Salvage Committee.
"Our salvage was collected by the
Peninsula Sanitary Service every
month together with the Palo Alto
salvage, but the amount of tin cans
collected each month was not suffi
cient to warrant a monthly collec
tion. Palo Alto decided to have the
drive every other month arid conse
quently ours had to bo postponed,"
she said.
Salvage collection was postponed
Saturday until next month, according
to Vashti O'Donnell, chairman of the
Salvage Committee.
"Our salvage was collected by the
Peninsula Sanitary Service every
month together with the Palo Alto
salvage, but the amount of tin cans
collected each month was not suffi
cient to warrant a monthly collec
tion. Palo Alto decided to have the
drive every other month arid conse
quently ours had to bo postponed,"
she said.
