# TROUTEES NEEDED FOR FARCE "LOUDER, PLEASE"
## 
### 
Try-outs for "Louder, Please," popu
lar farce by Norman Krasna, will be
held at the Civic Theatre, Middleficld
Road at Melville, tomorrow night and
again Monday night at 7:30 o'clock.
Stanford students and professors are
invited to try out. The play will be
produced in August by tbe Palo Alto
Community Players. There are parts
for twelve men and three women.
Try-outs for "Louder, Please," popu
lar farce by Norman Krasna, will be
held at the Civic Theatre, Middleficld
Road at Melville, tomorrow night and
again Monday night at 7:30 o'clock.
Stanford students and professors are
invited to try out. The play will be
produced in August by tbe Palo Alto
Community Players. There are parts
for twelve men and three women.
Try-outs for "Louder, Please," popu
lar farce by Norman Krasna, will be
held at the Civic Theatre, Middleficld
Road at Melville, tomorrow night and
again Monday night at 7:30 o'clock.
Stanford students and professors are
invited to try out. The play will be
produced in August by tbe Palo Alto
Community Players. There are parts
for twelve men and three women.
Try-outs for "Louder, Please," popu
lar farce by Norman Krasna, will be
held at the Civic Theatre, Middleficld
Road at Melville, tomorrow night and
again Monday night at 7:30 o'clock.
Stanford students and professors are
invited to try out. The play will be
produced in August by tbe Palo Alto
Community Players. There are parts
for twelve men and three women.
Try-outs for "Louder, Please," popu
lar farce by Norman Krasna, will be
held at the Civic Theatre, Middleficld
Road at Melville, tomorrow night and
again Monday night at 7:30 o'clock.
Stanford students and professors are
invited to try out. The play will be
produced in August by tbe Palo Alto
Community Players. There are parts
for twelve men and three women.
Try-outs for "Louder, Please," popu
lar farce by Norman Krasna, will be
held at the Civic Theatre, Middleficld
Road at Melville, tomorrow night and
again Monday night at 7:30 o'clock.
Stanford students and professors are
invited to try out. The play will be
produced in August by tbe Palo Alto
Community Players. There are parts
for twelve men and three women.
Try-outs for "Louder, Please," popu
lar farce by Norman Krasna, will be
held at the Civic Theatre, Middleficld
Road at Melville, tomorrow night and
again Monday night at 7:30 o'clock.
Stanford students and professors are
invited to try out. The play will be
produced in August by tbe Palo Alto
Community Players. There are parts
for twelve men and three women.
Try-outs for "Louder, Please," popu
lar farce by Norman Krasna, will be
held at the Civic Theatre, Middleficld
Road at Melville, tomorrow night and
again Monday night at 7:30 o'clock.
Stanford students and professors are
invited to try out. The play will be
produced in August by tbe Palo Alto
Community Players. There are parts
for twelve men and three women.
Try-outs for "Louder, Please," popu
lar farce by Norman Krasna, will be
held at the Civic Theatre, Middleficld
Road at Melville, tomorrow night and
again Monday night at 7:30 o'clock.
Stanford students and professors are
invited to try out. The play will be
produced in August by tbe Palo Alto
Community Players. There are parts
for twelve men and three women.
Try-outs for "Louder, Please," popu
lar farce by Norman Krasna, will be
held at the Civic Theatre, Middleficld
Road at Melville, tomorrow night and
again Monday night at 7:30 o'clock.
Stanford students and professors are
invited to try out. The play will be
produced in August by tbe Palo Alto
Community Players. There are parts
for twelve men and three women.
Try-outs for "Louder, Please," popu
lar farce by Norman Krasna, will be
held at the Civic Theatre, Middleficld
Road at Melville, tomorrow night and
again Monday night at 7:30 o'clock.
Stanford students and professors are
invited to try out. The play will be
produced in August by tbe Palo Alto
Community Players. There are parts
for twelve men and three women.
Try-outs for "Louder, Please," popu
lar farce by Norman Krasna, will be
held at the Civic Theatre, Middleficld
Road at Melville, tomorrow night and
again Monday night at 7:30 o'clock.
Stanford students and professors are
invited to try out. The play will be
produced in August by tbe Palo Alto
Community Players. There are parts
for twelve men and three women.
Try-outs for "Louder, Please," popu
lar farce by Norman Krasna, will be
held at the Civic Theatre, Middleficld
Road at Melville, tomorrow night and
again Monday night at 7:30 o'clock.
Stanford students and professors are
invited to try out. The play will be
produced in August by tbe Palo Alto
Community Players. There are parts
for twelve men and three women.
Try-outs for "Louder, Please," popu
lar farce by Norman Krasna, will be
held at the Civic Theatre, Middleficld
Road at Melville, tomorrow night and
again Monday night at 7:30 o'clock.
Stanford students and professors are
invited to try out. The play will be
produced in August by tbe Palo Alto
Community Players. There are parts
for twelve men and three women.
