# Adv. 15 Page 7
## 
### 
ne«o«w*Tl «««*»
Bennie, an army vd
with a service disabil
has his life complica
further by multiple
sclerosis. He and his
were without money
friends, job prospect
helped him, over m
months, to get his in
benefits. And now,"
he needs us, we ma*
home visits.
There's nothing J
unusual about this" 1
Cross story.
It's the kind of job
every day. Which is
need your
than ever. Help us. &
cause the things «<
really helping
neighborhood. Aw
across America. W
world.
Benni
Waf
count!
on u
Wfe're
counting 1
yOll.
ne«o«w*Tl «««*»
Bennie, an army vd
with a service disabil
has his life complica
further by multiple
sclerosis. He and his
were without money
friends, job prospect
helped him, over m
months, to get his in
benefits. And now,"
he needs us, we ma*
home visits.
There's nothing J
unusual about this" 1
Cross story.
It's the kind of job
every day. Which is
need your
than ever. Help us. &
cause the things «<
really helping
neighborhood. Aw
across America. W
world.
Benni
Waf
count!
on u
Wfe're
counting 1
yOll.
ne«o«w*Tl «««*»
Bennie, an army vd
with a service disabil
has his life complica
further by multiple
sclerosis. He and his
were without money
friends, job prospect
helped him, over m
months, to get his in
benefits. And now,"
he needs us, we ma*
home visits.
There's nothing J
unusual about this" 1
Cross story.
It's the kind of job
every day. Which is
need your
than ever. Help us. &
cause the things «<
really helping
neighborhood. Aw
across America. W
world.
Benni
Waf
count!
on u
Wfe're
counting 1
yOll.
ne«o«w*Tl «««*»
Bennie, an army vd
with a service disabil
has his life complica
further by multiple
sclerosis. He and his
were without money
friends, job prospect
helped him, over m
months, to get his in
benefits. And now,"
he needs us, we ma*
home visits.
There's nothing J
unusual about this" 1
Cross story.
It's the kind of job
every day. Which is
need your
than ever. Help us. &
cause the things «<
really helping
neighborhood. Aw
across America. W
world.
Benni
Waf
count!
on u
Wfe're
counting 1
yOll.
ne«o«w*Tl «««*»
Bennie, an army vd
with a service disabil
has his life complica
further by multiple
sclerosis. He and his
were without money
friends, job prospect
helped him, over m
months, to get his in
benefits. And now,"
he needs us, we ma*
home visits.
There's nothing J
unusual about this" 1
Cross story.
It's the kind of job
every day. Which is
need your
than ever. Help us. &
cause the things «<
really helping
neighborhood. Aw
across America. W
world.
Benni
Waf
count!
on u
Wfe're
counting 1
yOll.
ne«o«w*Tl «««*»
Bennie, an army vd
with a service disabil
has his life complica
further by multiple
sclerosis. He and his
were without money
friends, job prospect
helped him, over m
months, to get his in
benefits. And now,"
he needs us, we ma*
home visits.
There's nothing J
unusual about this" 1
Cross story.
It's the kind of job
every day. Which is
need your
than ever. Help us. &
cause the things «<
really helping
neighborhood. Aw
across America. W
world.
Benni
Waf
count!
on u
Wfe're
counting 1
yOll.
ne«o«w*Tl «««*»
Bennie, an army vd
with a service disabil
has his life complica
further by multiple
sclerosis. He and his
were without money
friends, job prospect
helped him, over m
months, to get his in
benefits. And now,"
he needs us, we ma*
home visits.
There's nothing J
unusual about this" 1
Cross story.
It's the kind of job
every day. Which is
need your
than ever. Help us. &
cause the things «<
really helping
neighborhood. Aw
across America. W
world.
Benni
Waf
count!
on u
Wfe're
counting 1
yOll.
ne«o«w*Tl «««*»
Bennie, an army vd
with a service disabil
has his life complica
further by multiple
sclerosis. He and his
were without money
friends, job prospect
helped him, over m
months, to get his in
benefits. And now,"
he needs us, we ma*
home visits.
There's nothing J
unusual about this" 1
Cross story.
It's the kind of job
every day. Which is
need your
than ever. Help us. &
cause the things «<
really helping
neighborhood. Aw
across America. W
world.
Benni
Waf
count!
on u
Wfe're
counting 1
yOll.
ne«o«w*Tl «««*»
Bennie, an army vd
with a service disabil
has his life complica
further by multiple
sclerosis. He and his
were without money
friends, job prospect
helped him, over m
months, to get his in
benefits. And now,"
he needs us, we ma*
home visits.
There's nothing J
unusual about this" 1
Cross story.
It's the kind of job
every day. Which is
need your
than ever. Help us. &
cause the things «<
really helping
neighborhood. Aw
across America. W
world.
Benni
Waf
count!
on u
Wfe're
counting 1
yOll.
ne«o«w*Tl «««*»
Bennie, an army vd
with a service disabil
has his life complica
further by multiple
sclerosis. He and his
were without money
friends, job prospect
helped him, over m
months, to get his in
benefits. And now,"
he needs us, we ma*
home visits.
There's nothing J
unusual about this" 1
Cross story.
It's the kind of job
every day. Which is
need your
than ever. Help us. &
cause the things «<
really helping
neighborhood. Aw
across America. W
world.
Benni
Waf
count!
on u
Wfe're
counting 1
yOll.
ne«o«w*Tl «««*»
Bennie, an army vd
with a service disabil
has his life complica
further by multiple
sclerosis. He and his
were without money
friends, job prospect
helped him, over m
months, to get his in
benefits. And now,"
he needs us, we ma*
home visits.
There's nothing J
unusual about this" 1
Cross story.
It's the kind of job
every day. Which is
need your
than ever. Help us. &
cause the things «<
really helping
neighborhood. Aw
across America. W
world.
Benni
Waf
count!
on u
Wfe're
counting 1
yOll.
ne«o«w*Tl «««*»
Bennie, an army vd
with a service disabil
has his life complica
further by multiple
sclerosis. He and his
were without money
friends, job prospect
helped him, over m
months, to get his in
benefits. And now,"
he needs us, we ma*
home visits.
There's nothing J
unusual about this" 1
Cross story.
It's the kind of job
every day. Which is
need your
than ever. Help us. &
cause the things «<
really helping
neighborhood. Aw
across America. W
world.
Benni
Waf
count!
on u
Wfe're
counting 1
yOll.
ne«o«w*Tl «««*»
Bennie, an army vd
with a service disabil
has his life complica
further by multiple
sclerosis. He and his
were without money
friends, job prospect
helped him, over m
months, to get his in
benefits. And now,"
he needs us, we ma*
home visits.
There's nothing J
unusual about this" 1
Cross story.
It's the kind of job
every day. Which is
need your
than ever. Help us. &
cause the things «<
really helping
neighborhood. Aw
across America. W
world.
Benni
Waf
count!
on u
Wfe're
counting 1
yOll.
