# Winter Bawlouts On Sale Today
## 
### 
The "Bawloul," Directory of
Students and Officers, for winter
quarter will go on sale today at
8:30 a.m. downstairs in (he Ad
ministration Building. The price
is 2fi cents.
The t.'irectory will include stu
dent residence addresses, home
towns, and year or major at Stan
ford. This Bawlout will he the
largest issue in Stanford history
by virtue of the quarter's record
breaking attendance.
The "Bawloul," Directory of
Students and Officers, for winter
quarter will go on sale today at
8:30 a.m. downstairs in (he Ad
ministration Building. The price
is 2fi cents.
The t.'irectory will include stu
dent residence addresses, home
towns, and year or major at Stan
ford. This Bawlout will he the
largest issue in Stanford history
by virtue of the quarter's record
breaking attendance.
The "Bawloul," Directory of
Students and Officers, for winter
quarter will go on sale today at
8:30 a.m. downstairs in (he Ad
ministration Building. The price
is 2fi cents.
The t.'irectory will include stu
dent residence addresses, home
towns, and year or major at Stan
ford. This Bawlout will he the
largest issue in Stanford history
by virtue of the quarter's record
breaking attendance.
The "Bawloul," Directory of
Students and Officers, for winter
quarter will go on sale today at
8:30 a.m. downstairs in (he Ad
ministration Building. The price
is 2fi cents.
The t.'irectory will include stu
dent residence addresses, home
towns, and year or major at Stan
ford. This Bawlout will he the
largest issue in Stanford history
by virtue of the quarter's record
breaking attendance.
The "Bawloul," Directory of
Students and Officers, for winter
quarter will go on sale today at
8:30 a.m. downstairs in (he Ad
ministration Building. The price
is 2fi cents.
The t.'irectory will include stu
dent residence addresses, home
towns, and year or major at Stan
ford. This Bawlout will he the
largest issue in Stanford history
by virtue of the quarter's record
breaking attendance.
The "Bawloul," Directory of
Students and Officers, for winter
quarter will go on sale today at
8:30 a.m. downstairs in (he Ad
ministration Building. The price
is 2fi cents.
The t.'irectory will include stu
dent residence addresses, home
towns, and year or major at Stan
ford. This Bawlout will he the
largest issue in Stanford history
by virtue of the quarter's record
breaking attendance.
The "Bawloul," Directory of
Students and Officers, for winter
quarter will go on sale today at
8:30 a.m. downstairs in (he Ad
ministration Building. The price
is 2fi cents.
The t.'irectory will include stu
dent residence addresses, home
towns, and year or major at Stan
ford. This Bawlout will he the
largest issue in Stanford history
by virtue of the quarter's record
breaking attendance.
The "Bawloul," Directory of
Students and Officers, for winter
quarter will go on sale today at
8:30 a.m. downstairs in (he Ad
ministration Building. The price
is 2fi cents.
The t.'irectory will include stu
dent residence addresses, home
towns, and year or major at Stan
ford. This Bawlout will he the
largest issue in Stanford history
by virtue of the quarter's record
breaking attendance.
The "Bawloul," Directory of
Students and Officers, for winter
quarter will go on sale today at
8:30 a.m. downstairs in (he Ad
ministration Building. The price
is 2fi cents.
The t.'irectory will include stu
dent residence addresses, home
towns, and year or major at Stan
ford. This Bawlout will he the
largest issue in Stanford history
by virtue of the quarter's record
breaking attendance.
The "Bawloul," Directory of
Students and Officers, for winter
quarter will go on sale today at
8:30 a.m. downstairs in (he Ad
ministration Building. The price
is 2fi cents.
The t.'irectory will include stu
dent residence addresses, home
towns, and year or major at Stan
ford. This Bawlout will he the
largest issue in Stanford history
by virtue of the quarter's record
breaking attendance.
The "Bawloul," Directory of
Students and Officers, for winter
quarter will go on sale today at
8:30 a.m. downstairs in (he Ad
ministration Building. The price
is 2fi cents.
The t.'irectory will include stu
dent residence addresses, home
towns, and year or major at Stan
ford. This Bawlout will he the
largest issue in Stanford history
by virtue of the quarter's record
breaking attendance.
The "Bawloul," Directory of
Students and Officers, for winter
quarter will go on sale today at
8:30 a.m. downstairs in (he Ad
ministration Building. The price
is 2fi cents.
The t.'irectory will include stu
dent residence addresses, home
towns, and year or major at Stan
ford. This Bawlout will he the
largest issue in Stanford history
by virtue of the quarter's record
breaking attendance.
The "Bawloul," Directory of
Students and Officers, for winter
quarter will go on sale today at
8:30 a.m. downstairs in (he Ad
ministration Building. The price
is 2fi cents.
The t.'irectory will include stu
dent residence addresses, home
towns, and year or major at Stan
ford. This Bawlout will he the
largest issue in Stanford history
by virtue of the quarter's record
breaking attendance.
The "Bawloul," Directory of
Students and Officers, for winter
quarter will go on sale today at
8:30 a.m. downstairs in (he Ad
ministration Building. The price
is 2fi cents.
The t.'irectory will include stu
dent residence addresses, home
towns, and year or major at Stan
ford. This Bawlout will he the
largest issue in Stanford history
by virtue of the quarter's record
breaking attendance.
The "Bawloul," Directory of
Students and Officers, for winter
quarter will go on sale today at
8:30 a.m. downstairs in (he Ad
ministration Building. The price
is 2fi cents.
The t.'irectory will include stu
dent residence addresses, home
towns, and year or major at Stan
ford. This Bawlout will he the
largest issue in Stanford history
by virtue of the quarter's record
breaking attendance.
