# STANFORD DAMES
## 
### 
Oriental rugs will be the topic ul
Mrs. C. H. Danforth's talk when .sin
speaks before the home arts seetioi
of the Stanford Dames' Club Wed
nesday at 7:45 p.m. in the Women
Clubhouse.
Oriental rugs will be the topic ul
Mrs. C. H. Danforth's talk when .sin
speaks before the home arts seetioi
of the Stanford Dames' Club Wed
nesday at 7:45 p.m. in the Women
Clubhouse.
Oriental rugs will be the topic ul
Mrs. C. H. Danforth's talk when .sin
speaks before the home arts seetioi
of the Stanford Dames' Club Wed
nesday at 7:45 p.m. in the Women
Clubhouse.
Oriental rugs will be the topic ul
Mrs. C. H. Danforth's talk when .sin
speaks before the home arts seetioi
of the Stanford Dames' Club Wed
nesday at 7:45 p.m. in the Women
Clubhouse.
Oriental rugs will be the topic ul
Mrs. C. H. Danforth's talk when .sin
speaks before the home arts seetioi
of the Stanford Dames' Club Wed
nesday at 7:45 p.m. in the Women
Clubhouse.
Oriental rugs will be the topic ul
Mrs. C. H. Danforth's talk when .sin
speaks before the home arts seetioi
of the Stanford Dames' Club Wed
nesday at 7:45 p.m. in the Women
Clubhouse.
Oriental rugs will be the topic ul
Mrs. C. H. Danforth's talk when .sin
speaks before the home arts seetioi
of the Stanford Dames' Club Wed
nesday at 7:45 p.m. in the Women
Clubhouse.
Oriental rugs will be the topic ul
Mrs. C. H. Danforth's talk when .sin
speaks before the home arts seetioi
of the Stanford Dames' Club Wed
nesday at 7:45 p.m. in the Women
Clubhouse.
Oriental rugs will be the topic ul
Mrs. C. H. Danforth's talk when .sin
speaks before the home arts seetioi
of the Stanford Dames' Club Wed
nesday at 7:45 p.m. in the Women
Clubhouse.
Oriental rugs will be the topic ul
Mrs. C. H. Danforth's talk when .sin
speaks before the home arts seetioi
of the Stanford Dames' Club Wed
nesday at 7:45 p.m. in the Women
Clubhouse.
Oriental rugs will be the topic ul
Mrs. C. H. Danforth's talk when .sin
speaks before the home arts seetioi
of the Stanford Dames' Club Wed
nesday at 7:45 p.m. in the Women
Clubhouse.
Oriental rugs will be the topic ul
Mrs. C. H. Danforth's talk when .sin
speaks before the home arts seetioi
of the Stanford Dames' Club Wed
nesday at 7:45 p.m. in the Women
Clubhouse.
Oriental rugs will be the topic ul
Mrs. C. H. Danforth's talk when .sin
speaks before the home arts seetioi
of the Stanford Dames' Club Wed
nesday at 7:45 p.m. in the Women
Clubhouse.
Oriental rugs will be the topic ul
Mrs. C. H. Danforth's talk when .sin
speaks before the home arts seetioi
of the Stanford Dames' Club Wed
nesday at 7:45 p.m. in the Women
Clubhouse.
Oriental rugs will be the topic ul
Mrs. C. H. Danforth's talk when .sin
speaks before the home arts seetioi
of the Stanford Dames' Club Wed
nesday at 7:45 p.m. in the Women
Clubhouse.
