# Sigma Xi to Hear U.S. Soil Scientist
## 
### 
Dr. Charles E. Kellogg, head soil
scientist of ihe U.S. Department of
Agriculture, will be guest speaker
at the Sigma Xi lecture in the Lit
tle Theatre of Memorial Auditorium
today at 4:15 p.m. In his topic,
"Modern Soil Science," Dr. Kellogg
will describe how soil science can
open the way for vastly greater
abundance in agriculture.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering, president of
the Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
national honorary research society,
will preside at the lecture.
Dr. Kellogg, who holds B.S. and
Ph.D. degrees from Michigan State
College, was engaged in soil science
research in Wisconsin and North
Dakota before becoming soil chief
for the Department of Agriculture.
Dr. Charles E. Kellogg, head soil
scientist of ihe U.S. Department of
Agriculture, will be guest speaker
at the Sigma Xi lecture in the Lit
tle Theatre of Memorial Auditorium
today at 4:15 p.m. In his topic,
"Modern Soil Science," Dr. Kellogg
will describe how soil science can
open the way for vastly greater
abundance in agriculture.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering, president of
the Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
national honorary research society,
will preside at the lecture.
Dr. Kellogg, who holds B.S. and
Ph.D. degrees from Michigan State
College, was engaged in soil science
research in Wisconsin and North
Dakota before becoming soil chief
for the Department of Agriculture.
Dr. Charles E. Kellogg, head soil
scientist of ihe U.S. Department of
Agriculture, will be guest speaker
at the Sigma Xi lecture in the Lit
tle Theatre of Memorial Auditorium
today at 4:15 p.m. In his topic,
"Modern Soil Science," Dr. Kellogg
will describe how soil science can
open the way for vastly greater
abundance in agriculture.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering, president of
the Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
national honorary research society,
will preside at the lecture.
Dr. Kellogg, who holds B.S. and
Ph.D. degrees from Michigan State
College, was engaged in soil science
research in Wisconsin and North
Dakota before becoming soil chief
for the Department of Agriculture.
Dr. Charles E. Kellogg, head soil
scientist of ihe U.S. Department of
Agriculture, will be guest speaker
at the Sigma Xi lecture in the Lit
tle Theatre of Memorial Auditorium
today at 4:15 p.m. In his topic,
"Modern Soil Science," Dr. Kellogg
will describe how soil science can
open the way for vastly greater
abundance in agriculture.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering, president of
the Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
national honorary research society,
will preside at the lecture.
Dr. Kellogg, who holds B.S. and
Ph.D. degrees from Michigan State
College, was engaged in soil science
research in Wisconsin and North
Dakota before becoming soil chief
for the Department of Agriculture.
Dr. Charles E. Kellogg, head soil
scientist of ihe U.S. Department of
Agriculture, will be guest speaker
at the Sigma Xi lecture in the Lit
tle Theatre of Memorial Auditorium
today at 4:15 p.m. In his topic,
"Modern Soil Science," Dr. Kellogg
will describe how soil science can
open the way for vastly greater
abundance in agriculture.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering, president of
the Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
national honorary research society,
will preside at the lecture.
Dr. Kellogg, who holds B.S. and
Ph.D. degrees from Michigan State
College, was engaged in soil science
research in Wisconsin and North
Dakota before becoming soil chief
for the Department of Agriculture.
Dr. Charles E. Kellogg, head soil
scientist of ihe U.S. Department of
Agriculture, will be guest speaker
at the Sigma Xi lecture in the Lit
tle Theatre of Memorial Auditorium
today at 4:15 p.m. In his topic,
"Modern Soil Science," Dr. Kellogg
will describe how soil science can
open the way for vastly greater
abundance in agriculture.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering, president of
the Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
national honorary research society,
will preside at the lecture.
Dr. Kellogg, who holds B.S. and
Ph.D. degrees from Michigan State
College, was engaged in soil science
research in Wisconsin and North
Dakota before becoming soil chief
for the Department of Agriculture.
Dr. Charles E. Kellogg, head soil
scientist of ihe U.S. Department of
Agriculture, will be guest speaker
at the Sigma Xi lecture in the Lit
tle Theatre of Memorial Auditorium
today at 4:15 p.m. In his topic,
"Modern Soil Science," Dr. Kellogg
will describe how soil science can
open the way for vastly greater
abundance in agriculture.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering, president of
the Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
national honorary research society,
will preside at the lecture.
Dr. Kellogg, who holds B.S. and
Ph.D. degrees from Michigan State
College, was engaged in soil science
research in Wisconsin and North
Dakota before becoming soil chief
for the Department of Agriculture.
Dr. Charles E. Kellogg, head soil
scientist of ihe U.S. Department of
Agriculture, will be guest speaker
at the Sigma Xi lecture in the Lit
tle Theatre of Memorial Auditorium
today at 4:15 p.m. In his topic,
"Modern Soil Science," Dr. Kellogg
will describe how soil science can
open the way for vastly greater
abundance in agriculture.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering, president of
the Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
national honorary research society,
will preside at the lecture.
Dr. Kellogg, who holds B.S. and
Ph.D. degrees from Michigan State
College, was engaged in soil science
research in Wisconsin and North
Dakota before becoming soil chief
for the Department of Agriculture.
Dr. Charles E. Kellogg, head soil
scientist of ihe U.S. Department of
Agriculture, will be guest speaker
at the Sigma Xi lecture in the Lit
tle Theatre of Memorial Auditorium
today at 4:15 p.m. In his topic,
"Modern Soil Science," Dr. Kellogg
will describe how soil science can
open the way for vastly greater
abundance in agriculture.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering, president of
the Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
national honorary research society,
will preside at the lecture.
Dr. Kellogg, who holds B.S. and
Ph.D. degrees from Michigan State
College, was engaged in soil science
research in Wisconsin and North
Dakota before becoming soil chief
for the Department of Agriculture.
Dr. Charles E. Kellogg, head soil
scientist of ihe U.S. Department of
Agriculture, will be guest speaker
at the Sigma Xi lecture in the Lit
tle Theatre of Memorial Auditorium
today at 4:15 p.m. In his topic,
"Modern Soil Science," Dr. Kellogg
will describe how soil science can
open the way for vastly greater
abundance in agriculture.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering, president of
the Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
national honorary research society,
will preside at the lecture.
Dr. Kellogg, who holds B.S. and
Ph.D. degrees from Michigan State
College, was engaged in soil science
research in Wisconsin and North
Dakota before becoming soil chief
for the Department of Agriculture.
Dr. Charles E. Kellogg, head soil
scientist of ihe U.S. Department of
Agriculture, will be guest speaker
at the Sigma Xi lecture in the Lit
tle Theatre of Memorial Auditorium
today at 4:15 p.m. In his topic,
"Modern Soil Science," Dr. Kellogg
will describe how soil science can
open the way for vastly greater
abundance in agriculture.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering, president of
the Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
national honorary research society,
will preside at the lecture.
Dr. Kellogg, who holds B.S. and
Ph.D. degrees from Michigan State
College, was engaged in soil science
research in Wisconsin and North
Dakota before becoming soil chief
for the Department of Agriculture.
Dr. Charles E. Kellogg, head soil
scientist of ihe U.S. Department of
Agriculture, will be guest speaker
at the Sigma Xi lecture in the Lit
tle Theatre of Memorial Auditorium
today at 4:15 p.m. In his topic,
"Modern Soil Science," Dr. Kellogg
will describe how soil science can
open the way for vastly greater
abundance in agriculture.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering, president of
the Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
national honorary research society,
will preside at the lecture.
Dr. Kellogg, who holds B.S. and
Ph.D. degrees from Michigan State
College, was engaged in soil science
research in Wisconsin and North
Dakota before becoming soil chief
for the Department of Agriculture.
Dr. Charles E. Kellogg, head soil
scientist of ihe U.S. Department of
Agriculture, will be guest speaker
at the Sigma Xi lecture in the Lit
tle Theatre of Memorial Auditorium
today at 4:15 p.m. In his topic,
"Modern Soil Science," Dr. Kellogg
will describe how soil science can
open the way for vastly greater
abundance in agriculture.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering, president of
the Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
national honorary research society,
will preside at the lecture.
Dr. Kellogg, who holds B.S. and
Ph.D. degrees from Michigan State
College, was engaged in soil science
research in Wisconsin and North
Dakota before becoming soil chief
for the Department of Agriculture.
Dr. Charles E. Kellogg, head soil
scientist of ihe U.S. Department of
Agriculture, will be guest speaker
at the Sigma Xi lecture in the Lit
tle Theatre of Memorial Auditorium
today at 4:15 p.m. In his topic,
"Modern Soil Science," Dr. Kellogg
will describe how soil science can
open the way for vastly greater
abundance in agriculture.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering, president of
the Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
national honorary research society,
will preside at the lecture.
Dr. Kellogg, who holds B.S. and
Ph.D. degrees from Michigan State
College, was engaged in soil science
research in Wisconsin and North
Dakota before becoming soil chief
for the Department of Agriculture.
Dr. Charles E. Kellogg, head soil
scientist of ihe U.S. Department of
Agriculture, will be guest speaker
at the Sigma Xi lecture in the Lit
tle Theatre of Memorial Auditorium
today at 4:15 p.m. In his topic,
"Modern Soil Science," Dr. Kellogg
will describe how soil science can
open the way for vastly greater
abundance in agriculture.
Dean Frederick E. Terman of the
School of Engineering, president of
the Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
national honorary research society,
will preside at the lecture.
Dr. Kellogg, who holds B.S. and
Ph.D. degrees from Michigan State
College, was engaged in soil science
research in Wisconsin and North
Dakota before becoming soil chief
for the Department of Agriculture.
