# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
K
r 1 *// s
TI RED?
OVERWORKED?
Save lime writing home and send The Daily!
Let The Daily's staff of 100 reporters give
your family a complete coverage of life here
on the Farm.
The Stanford Daily
Circulation Manager, "Smilin 1 Jawn 11 Baty
K
r 1 *// s
TI RED?
OVERWORKED?
Save lime writing home and send The Daily!
Let The Daily's staff of 100 reporters give
your family a complete coverage of life here
on the Farm.
The Stanford Daily
Circulation Manager, "Smilin 1 Jawn 11 Baty
K
r 1 *// s
TI RED?
OVERWORKED?
Save lime writing home and send The Daily!
Let The Daily's staff of 100 reporters give
your family a complete coverage of life here
on the Farm.
The Stanford Daily
Circulation Manager, "Smilin 1 Jawn 11 Baty
K
r 1 *// s
TI RED?
OVERWORKED?
Save lime writing home and send The Daily!
Let The Daily's staff of 100 reporters give
your family a complete coverage of life here
on the Farm.
The Stanford Daily
Circulation Manager, "Smilin 1 Jawn 11 Baty
K
r 1 *// s
TI RED?
OVERWORKED?
Save lime writing home and send The Daily!
Let The Daily's staff of 100 reporters give
your family a complete coverage of life here
on the Farm.
The Stanford Daily
Circulation Manager, "Smilin 1 Jawn 11 Baty
K
r 1 *// s
TI RED?
OVERWORKED?
Save lime writing home and send The Daily!
Let The Daily's staff of 100 reporters give
your family a complete coverage of life here
on the Farm.
The Stanford Daily
Circulation Manager, "Smilin 1 Jawn 11 Baty
K
r 1 *// s
TI RED?
OVERWORKED?
Save lime writing home and send The Daily!
Let The Daily's staff of 100 reporters give
your family a complete coverage of life here
on the Farm.
The Stanford Daily
Circulation Manager, "Smilin 1 Jawn 11 Baty
K
r 1 *// s
TI RED?
OVERWORKED?
Save lime writing home and send The Daily!
Let The Daily's staff of 100 reporters give
your family a complete coverage of life here
on the Farm.
The Stanford Daily
Circulation Manager, "Smilin 1 Jawn 11 Baty
K
r 1 *// s
TI RED?
OVERWORKED?
Save lime writing home and send The Daily!
Let The Daily's staff of 100 reporters give
your family a complete coverage of life here
on the Farm.
The Stanford Daily
Circulation Manager, "Smilin 1 Jawn 11 Baty
K
r 1 *// s
TI RED?
OVERWORKED?
Save lime writing home and send The Daily!
Let The Daily's staff of 100 reporters give
your family a complete coverage of life here
on the Farm.
The Stanford Daily
Circulation Manager, "Smilin 1 Jawn 11 Baty
K
r 1 *// s
TI RED?
OVERWORKED?
Save lime writing home and send The Daily!
Let The Daily's staff of 100 reporters give
your family a complete coverage of life here
on the Farm.
The Stanford Daily
Circulation Manager, "Smilin 1 Jawn 11 Baty
K
r 1 *// s
TI RED?
OVERWORKED?
Save lime writing home and send The Daily!
Let The Daily's staff of 100 reporters give
your family a complete coverage of life here
on the Farm.
The Stanford Daily
Circulation Manager, "Smilin 1 Jawn 11 Baty
K
r 1 *// s
TI RED?
OVERWORKED?
Save lime writing home and send The Daily!
Let The Daily's staff of 100 reporters give
your family a complete coverage of life here
on the Farm.
The Stanford Daily
Circulation Manager, "Smilin 1 Jawn 11 Baty
K
r 1 *// s
TI RED?
OVERWORKED?
Save lime writing home and send The Daily!
Let The Daily's staff of 100 reporters give
your family a complete coverage of life here
on the Farm.
The Stanford Daily
Circulation Manager, "Smilin 1 Jawn 11 Baty
K
r 1 *// s
TI RED?
OVERWORKED?
Save lime writing home and send The Daily!
Let The Daily's staff of 100 reporters give
your family a complete coverage of life here
on the Farm.
The Stanford Daily
Circulation Manager, "Smilin 1 Jawn 11 Baty
K
r 1 *// s
TI RED?
OVERWORKED?
Save lime writing home and send The Daily!
Let The Daily's staff of 100 reporters give
your family a complete coverage of life here
on the Farm.
The Stanford Daily
Circulation Manager, "Smilin 1 Jawn 11 Baty
