# "SEQUOIA" ON SALE FRIDAY.
## Christmas Number of Magazine Contains Strong Critical Articles By Well-known Alumni. 
### 
The Christmas number of the "Se
quoia" will be placed on sale on the
quad Friday morning. The edition
will contain sixty pages of reading
matter, most of which has been con
tributed by prominent alumni. W.
H. H. Fowler, former editor of the
"Daily Palo Alto," contributes the
principal article, writing the alum
ni article on "What is the Matter
with Stanford?" Fowler hits straight
from the shoulder, and writes in a
startlingly frank manner about con
ditions, claiming that the failure of
the President's Conference is the
fault of the President of the Uni
versity. He also sharply criticizes
the Trustees for their lack of genu
ine interest, and deplores the "ob
st ructiveness" of the Business Office.
He maintains that the Scholarship
Committee has dropped better men
than it has allowed to remain here.
Archie Rice, *95, in "A Stanford
Pilgrimage," proposes a Stanford
"High .links" of alumni and under
graduates in the woods near La
Honda. The drinking problem on the
Campus is discussed by a professor
in an article which severely criti
cizes the students without sparing
their feelings. H. C. Green writes
on the subject, "Stanford as a Grad
uate School," and includes inter
views with the heads of most of the
deiiMrlnients. "Should Stanford Es

tablish ;i School of Journalism?" is
contributed by .7. N. Carter. Pay
son J. Treat tells in a humorous way
the "Commencement Exercises at
the University of Melbourne," and
Miss Alice Kimball contributes ano
ther humorous article on "Timely
Hints for Christmas Gifts." "Cush
man's Christmas," a story, and po
ems by James Temple and Miss Mir
rilees compose' the fiction.
The editorials deal with Christ
mas. the new scholarships, the As
sembly Hall, the; Civic Federation,
and its relation to the drinking
problem. The cover design in three
colors was done by Mellows.
The Christmas number of the "Se
quoia" will be placed on sale on the
quad Friday morning. The edition
will contain sixty pages of reading
matter, most of which has been con
tributed by prominent alumni. W.
H. H. Fowler, former editor of the
"Daily Palo Alto," contributes the
principal article, writing the alum
ni article on "What is the Matter
with Stanford?" Fowler hits straight
from the shoulder, and writes in a
startlingly frank manner about con
ditions, claiming that the failure of
the President's Conference is the
fault of the President of the Uni
versity. He also sharply criticizes
the Trustees for their lack of genu
ine interest, and deplores the "ob
st ructiveness" of the Business Office.
He maintains that the Scholarship
Committee has dropped better men
than it has allowed to remain here.
Archie Rice, *95, in "A Stanford
Pilgrimage," proposes a Stanford
"High .links" of alumni and under
graduates in the woods near La
Honda. The drinking problem on the
Campus is discussed by a professor
in an article which severely criti
cizes the students without sparing
their feelings. H. C. Green writes
on the subject, "Stanford as a Grad
uate School," and includes inter
views with the heads of most of the
deiiMrlnients. "Should Stanford Es

tablish ;i School of Journalism?" is
contributed by .7. N. Carter. Pay
son J. Treat tells in a humorous way
the "Commencement Exercises at
the University of Melbourne," and
Miss Alice Kimball contributes ano
ther humorous article on "Timely
Hints for Christmas Gifts." "Cush
man's Christmas," a story, and po
ems by James Temple and Miss Mir
rilees compose' the fiction.
The editorials deal with Christ
mas. the new scholarships, the As
sembly Hall, the; Civic Federation,
and its relation to the drinking
problem. The cover design in three
colors was done by Mellows.
The Christmas number of the "Se
quoia" will be placed on sale on the
quad Friday morning. The edition
will contain sixty pages of reading
matter, most of which has been con
tributed by prominent alumni. W.
H. H. Fowler, former editor of the
"Daily Palo Alto," contributes the
principal article, writing the alum
ni article on "What is the Matter
with Stanford?" Fowler hits straight
from the shoulder, and writes in a
startlingly frank manner about con
ditions, claiming that the failure of
the President's Conference is the
fault of the President of the Uni
versity. He also sharply criticizes
the Trustees for their lack of genu
ine interest, and deplores the "ob
st ructiveness" of the Business Office.
He maintains that the Scholarship
Committee has dropped better men
than it has allowed to remain here.
Archie Rice, *95, in "A Stanford
Pilgrimage," proposes a Stanford
"High .links" of alumni and under
graduates in the woods near La
Honda. The drinking problem on the
Campus is discussed by a professor
in an article which severely criti
cizes the students without sparing
their feelings. H. C. Green writes
on the subject, "Stanford as a Grad
uate School," and includes inter
views with the heads of most of the
deiiMrlnients. "Should Stanford Es

tablish ;i School of Journalism?" is
contributed by .7. N. Carter. Pay
son J. Treat tells in a humorous way
the "Commencement Exercises at
the University of Melbourne," and
Miss Alice Kimball contributes ano
ther humorous article on "Timely
Hints for Christmas Gifts." "Cush
man's Christmas," a story, and po
ems by James Temple and Miss Mir
rilees compose' the fiction.
The editorials deal with Christ
mas. the new scholarships, the As
sembly Hall, the; Civic Federation,
and its relation to the drinking
problem. The cover design in three
colors was done by Mellows.
The Christmas number of the "Se
quoia" will be placed on sale on the
quad Friday morning. The edition
will contain sixty pages of reading
matter, most of which has been con
tributed by prominent alumni. W.
H. H. Fowler, former editor of the
"Daily Palo Alto," contributes the
principal article, writing the alum
ni article on "What is the Matter
with Stanford?" Fowler hits straight
from the shoulder, and writes in a
startlingly frank manner about con
ditions, claiming that the failure of
the President's Conference is the
fault of the President of the Uni
versity. He also sharply criticizes
the Trustees for their lack of genu
ine interest, and deplores the "ob
st ructiveness" of the Business Office.
He maintains that the Scholarship
Committee has dropped better men
than it has allowed to remain here.
Archie Rice, *95, in "A Stanford
Pilgrimage," proposes a Stanford
"High .links" of alumni and under
graduates in the woods near La
Honda. The drinking problem on the
Campus is discussed by a professor
in an article which severely criti
cizes the students without sparing
their feelings. H. C. Green writes
on the subject, "Stanford as a Grad
uate School," and includes inter
views with the heads of most of the
deiiMrlnients. "Should Stanford Es

tablish ;i School of Journalism?" is
contributed by .7. N. Carter. Pay
son J. Treat tells in a humorous way
the "Commencement Exercises at
the University of Melbourne," and
Miss Alice Kimball contributes ano
ther humorous article on "Timely
Hints for Christmas Gifts." "Cush
man's Christmas," a story, and po
ems by James Temple and Miss Mir
rilees compose' the fiction.
The editorials deal with Christ
mas. the new scholarships, the As
sembly Hall, the; Civic Federation,
and its relation to the drinking
problem. The cover design in three
colors was done by Mellows.
The Christmas number of the "Se
quoia" will be placed on sale on the
quad Friday morning. The edition
will contain sixty pages of reading
matter, most of which has been con
tributed by prominent alumni. W.
H. H. Fowler, former editor of the
"Daily Palo Alto," contributes the
principal article, writing the alum
ni article on "What is the Matter
with Stanford?" Fowler hits straight
from the shoulder, and writes in a
startlingly frank manner about con
ditions, claiming that the failure of
the President's Conference is the
fault of the President of the Uni
versity. He also sharply criticizes
the Trustees for their lack of genu
ine interest, and deplores the "ob
st ructiveness" of the Business Office.
He maintains that the Scholarship
Committee has dropped better men
than it has allowed to remain here.
Archie Rice, *95, in "A Stanford
Pilgrimage," proposes a Stanford
"High .links" of alumni and under
graduates in the woods near La
Honda. The drinking problem on the
Campus is discussed by a professor
in an article which severely criti
cizes the students without sparing
their feelings. H. C. Green writes
on the subject, "Stanford as a Grad
uate School," and includes inter
views with the heads of most of the
deiiMrlnients. "Should Stanford Es

tablish ;i School of Journalism?" is
contributed by .7. N. Carter. Pay
son J. Treat tells in a humorous way
the "Commencement Exercises at
the University of Melbourne," and
Miss Alice Kimball contributes ano
ther humorous article on "Timely
Hints for Christmas Gifts." "Cush
man's Christmas," a story, and po
ems by James Temple and Miss Mir
rilees compose' the fiction.
The editorials deal with Christ
mas. the new scholarships, the As
sembly Hall, the; Civic Federation,
and its relation to the drinking
problem. The cover design in three
colors was done by Mellows.
The Christmas number of the "Se
quoia" will be placed on sale on the
quad Friday morning. The edition
will contain sixty pages of reading
matter, most of which has been con
tributed by prominent alumni. W.
H. H. Fowler, former editor of the
"Daily Palo Alto," contributes the
principal article, writing the alum
ni article on "What is the Matter
with Stanford?" Fowler hits straight
from the shoulder, and writes in a
startlingly frank manner about con
ditions, claiming that the failure of
the President's Conference is the
fault of the President of the Uni
versity. He also sharply criticizes
the Trustees for their lack of genu
ine interest, and deplores the "ob
st ructiveness" of the Business Office.
He maintains that the Scholarship
Committee has dropped better men
than it has allowed to remain here.
Archie Rice, *95, in "A Stanford
Pilgrimage," proposes a Stanford
"High .links" of alumni and under
graduates in the woods near La
Honda. The drinking problem on the
Campus is discussed by a professor
in an article which severely criti
cizes the students without sparing
their feelings. H. C. Green writes
on the subject, "Stanford as a Grad
uate School," and includes inter
views with the heads of most of the
deiiMrlnients. "Should Stanford Es

tablish ;i School of Journalism?" is
contributed by .7. N. Carter. Pay
son J. Treat tells in a humorous way
the "Commencement Exercises at
the University of Melbourne," and
Miss Alice Kimball contributes ano
ther humorous article on "Timely
Hints for Christmas Gifts." "Cush
man's Christmas," a story, and po
ems by James Temple and Miss Mir
rilees compose' the fiction.
The editorials deal with Christ
mas. the new scholarships, the As
sembly Hall, the; Civic Federation,
and its relation to the drinking
problem. The cover design in three
colors was done by Mellows.
The Christmas number of the "Se
quoia" will be placed on sale on the
quad Friday morning. The edition
will contain sixty pages of reading
matter, most of which has been con
tributed by prominent alumni. W.
H. H. Fowler, former editor of the
"Daily Palo Alto," contributes the
principal article, writing the alum
ni article on "What is the Matter
with Stanford?" Fowler hits straight
from the shoulder, and writes in a
startlingly frank manner about con
ditions, claiming that the failure of
the President's Conference is the
fault of the President of the Uni
versity. He also sharply criticizes
the Trustees for their lack of genu
ine interest, and deplores the "ob
st ructiveness" of the Business Office.
He maintains that the Scholarship
Committee has dropped better men
than it has allowed to remain here.
Archie Rice, *95, in "A Stanford
Pilgrimage," proposes a Stanford
"High .links" of alumni and under
graduates in the woods near La
Honda. The drinking problem on the
Campus is discussed by a professor
in an article which severely criti
cizes the students without sparing
their feelings. H. C. Green writes
on the subject, "Stanford as a Grad
uate School," and includes inter
views with the heads of most of the
deiiMrlnients. "Should Stanford Es

tablish ;i School of Journalism?" is
contributed by .7. N. Carter. Pay
son J. Treat tells in a humorous way
the "Commencement Exercises at
the University of Melbourne," and
Miss Alice Kimball contributes ano
ther humorous article on "Timely
Hints for Christmas Gifts." "Cush
man's Christmas," a story, and po
ems by James Temple and Miss Mir
rilees compose' the fiction.
The editorials deal with Christ
mas. the new scholarships, the As
sembly Hall, the; Civic Federation,
and its relation to the drinking
problem. The cover design in three
colors was done by Mellows.
The Christmas number of the "Se
quoia" will be placed on sale on the
quad Friday morning. The edition
will contain sixty pages of reading
matter, most of which has been con
tributed by prominent alumni. W.
H. H. Fowler, former editor of the
"Daily Palo Alto," contributes the
principal article, writing the alum
ni article on "What is the Matter
with Stanford?" Fowler hits straight
from the shoulder, and writes in a
startlingly frank manner about con
ditions, claiming that the failure of
the President's Conference is the
fault of the President of the Uni
versity. He also sharply criticizes
the Trustees for their lack of genu
ine interest, and deplores the "ob
st ructiveness" of the Business Office.
He maintains that the Scholarship
Committee has dropped better men
than it has allowed to remain here.
Archie Rice, *95, in "A Stanford
Pilgrimage," proposes a Stanford
"High .links" of alumni and under
graduates in the woods near La
Honda. The drinking problem on the
Campus is discussed by a professor
in an article which severely criti
cizes the students without sparing
their feelings. H. C. Green writes
on the subject, "Stanford as a Grad
uate School," and includes inter
views with the heads of most of the
deiiMrlnients. "Should Stanford Es

tablish ;i School of Journalism?" is
contributed by .7. N. Carter. Pay
son J. Treat tells in a humorous way
the "Commencement Exercises at
the University of Melbourne," and
Miss Alice Kimball contributes ano
ther humorous article on "Timely
Hints for Christmas Gifts." "Cush
man's Christmas," a story, and po
ems by James Temple and Miss Mir
rilees compose' the fiction.
The editorials deal with Christ
mas. the new scholarships, the As
sembly Hall, the; Civic Federation,
and its relation to the drinking
problem. The cover design in three
colors was done by Mellows.
The Christmas number of the "Se
quoia" will be placed on sale on the
quad Friday morning. The edition
will contain sixty pages of reading
matter, most of which has been con
tributed by prominent alumni. W.
H. H. Fowler, former editor of the
"Daily Palo Alto," contributes the
principal article, writing the alum
ni article on "What is the Matter
with Stanford?" Fowler hits straight
from the shoulder, and writes in a
startlingly frank manner about con
ditions, claiming that the failure of
the President's Conference is the
fault of the President of the Uni
versity. He also sharply criticizes
the Trustees for their lack of genu
ine interest, and deplores the "ob
st ructiveness" of the Business Office.
He maintains that the Scholarship
Committee has dropped better men
than it has allowed to remain here.
Archie Rice, *95, in "A Stanford
Pilgrimage," proposes a Stanford
"High .links" of alumni and under
graduates in the woods near La
Honda. The drinking problem on the
Campus is discussed by a professor
in an article which severely criti
cizes the students without sparing
their feelings. H. C. Green writes
on the subject, "Stanford as a Grad
uate School," and includes inter
views with the heads of most of the
deiiMrlnients. "Should Stanford Es

tablish ;i School of Journalism?" is
contributed by .7. N. Carter. Pay
son J. Treat tells in a humorous way
the "Commencement Exercises at
the University of Melbourne," and
Miss Alice Kimball contributes ano
ther humorous article on "Timely
Hints for Christmas Gifts." "Cush
man's Christmas," a story, and po
ems by James Temple and Miss Mir
rilees compose' the fiction.
The editorials deal with Christ
mas. the new scholarships, the As
sembly Hall, the; Civic Federation,
and its relation to the drinking
problem. The cover design in three
colors was done by Mellows.
