# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
' j
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
Ell
!
NOW PLAYING
Anna and
the King of
«• tt
Mam
—with
|
IRENE DUNNE
REX HARRISON
LINDA DARNELL
' j
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
Ell
!
NOW PLAYING
Anna and
the King of
«• tt
Mam
—with
|
IRENE DUNNE
REX HARRISON
LINDA DARNELL
' j
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
Ell
!
NOW PLAYING
Anna and
the King of
«• tt
Mam
—with
|
IRENE DUNNE
REX HARRISON
LINDA DARNELL
' j
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
Ell
!
NOW PLAYING
Anna and
the King of
«• tt
Mam
—with
|
IRENE DUNNE
REX HARRISON
LINDA DARNELL
' j
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
Ell
!
NOW PLAYING
Anna and
the King of
«• tt
Mam
—with
|
IRENE DUNNE
REX HARRISON
LINDA DARNELL
' j
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
Ell
!
NOW PLAYING
Anna and
the King of
«• tt
Mam
—with
|
IRENE DUNNE
REX HARRISON
LINDA DARNELL
' j
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
Ell
!
NOW PLAYING
Anna and
the King of
«• tt
Mam
—with
|
IRENE DUNNE
REX HARRISON
LINDA DARNELL
' j
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
Ell
!
NOW PLAYING
Anna and
the King of
«• tt
Mam
—with
|
IRENE DUNNE
REX HARRISON
LINDA DARNELL
' j
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
Ell
!
NOW PLAYING
Anna and
the King of
«• tt
Mam
—with
|
IRENE DUNNE
REX HARRISON
LINDA DARNELL
' j
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
Ell
!
NOW PLAYING
Anna and
the King of
«• tt
Mam
—with
|
IRENE DUNNE
REX HARRISON
LINDA DARNELL
' j
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
Ell
!
NOW PLAYING
Anna and
the King of
«• tt
Mam
—with
|
IRENE DUNNE
REX HARRISON
LINDA DARNELL
' j
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
Ell
!
NOW PLAYING
Anna and
the King of
«• tt
Mam
—with
|
IRENE DUNNE
REX HARRISON
LINDA DARNELL
' j
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
Ell
!
NOW PLAYING
Anna and
the King of
«• tt
Mam
—with
|
IRENE DUNNE
REX HARRISON
LINDA DARNELL
' j
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
Ell
!
NOW PLAYING
Anna and
the King of
«• tt
Mam
—with
|
IRENE DUNNE
REX HARRISON
LINDA DARNELL
' j
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
Ell
!
NOW PLAYING
Anna and
the King of
«• tt
Mam
—with
|
IRENE DUNNE
REX HARRISON
LINDA DARNELL
