# Bulletin Board....
## 
### 
SIGMA DELTA CHI'S meet 5 p.m.
today in p8 for initiation cere
monies.
STANFORD BRIDGE CLUB tour
nament will be held tomorrow
evening at 7 in the Women's
Clubhous#, I
SIGMA DELTA CHI'S meet 5 p.m.
today in p8 for initiation cere
monies.
STANFORD BRIDGE CLUB tour
nament will be held tomorrow
evening at 7 in the Women's
Clubhous#, I
SIGMA DELTA CHI'S meet 5 p.m.
today in p8 for initiation cere
monies.
STANFORD BRIDGE CLUB tour
nament will be held tomorrow
evening at 7 in the Women's
Clubhous#, I
SIGMA DELTA CHI'S meet 5 p.m.
today in p8 for initiation cere
monies.
STANFORD BRIDGE CLUB tour
nament will be held tomorrow
evening at 7 in the Women's
Clubhous#, I
SIGMA DELTA CHI'S meet 5 p.m.
today in p8 for initiation cere
monies.
STANFORD BRIDGE CLUB tour
nament will be held tomorrow
evening at 7 in the Women's
Clubhous#, I
SIGMA DELTA CHI'S meet 5 p.m.
today in p8 for initiation cere
monies.
STANFORD BRIDGE CLUB tour
nament will be held tomorrow
evening at 7 in the Women's
Clubhous#, I
SIGMA DELTA CHI'S meet 5 p.m.
today in p8 for initiation cere
monies.
STANFORD BRIDGE CLUB tour
nament will be held tomorrow
evening at 7 in the Women's
Clubhous#, I
SIGMA DELTA CHI'S meet 5 p.m.
today in p8 for initiation cere
monies.
STANFORD BRIDGE CLUB tour
nament will be held tomorrow
evening at 7 in the Women's
Clubhous#, I
SIGMA DELTA CHI'S meet 5 p.m.
today in p8 for initiation cere
monies.
STANFORD BRIDGE CLUB tour
nament will be held tomorrow
evening at 7 in the Women's
Clubhous#, I
SIGMA DELTA CHI'S meet 5 p.m.
today in p8 for initiation cere
monies.
STANFORD BRIDGE CLUB tour
nament will be held tomorrow
evening at 7 in the Women's
Clubhous#, I
SIGMA DELTA CHI'S meet 5 p.m.
today in p8 for initiation cere
monies.
STANFORD BRIDGE CLUB tour
nament will be held tomorrow
evening at 7 in the Women's
Clubhous#, I
SIGMA DELTA CHI'S meet 5 p.m.
today in p8 for initiation cere
monies.
STANFORD BRIDGE CLUB tour
nament will be held tomorrow
evening at 7 in the Women's
Clubhous#, I
SIGMA DELTA CHI'S meet 5 p.m.
today in p8 for initiation cere
monies.
STANFORD BRIDGE CLUB tour
nament will be held tomorrow
evening at 7 in the Women's
Clubhous#, I
SIGMA DELTA CHI'S meet 5 p.m.
today in p8 for initiation cere
monies.
STANFORD BRIDGE CLUB tour
nament will be held tomorrow
evening at 7 in the Women's
Clubhous#, I
SIGMA DELTA CHI'S meet 5 p.m.
today in p8 for initiation cere
monies.
STANFORD BRIDGE CLUB tour
nament will be held tomorrow
evening at 7 in the Women's
Clubhous#, I
