# THE 						NEW CORN—COKE
## 
### 
Let us now peruse our ancient
authors, for out of the old field
must come the new corn. —Edward
Coke
Let us now peruse our ancient
authors, for out of the old field
must come the new corn. —Edward
Coke
Let us now peruse our ancient
authors, for out of the old field
must come the new corn. —Edward
Coke
Let us now peruse our ancient
authors, for out of the old field
must come the new corn. —Edward
Coke
Let us now peruse our ancient
authors, for out of the old field
must come the new corn. —Edward
Coke
Let us now peruse our ancient
authors, for out of the old field
must come the new corn. —Edward
Coke
Let us now peruse our ancient
authors, for out of the old field
must come the new corn. —Edward
Coke
Let us now peruse our ancient
authors, for out of the old field
must come the new corn. —Edward
Coke
Let us now peruse our ancient
authors, for out of the old field
must come the new corn. —Edward
Coke
Let us now peruse our ancient
authors, for out of the old field
must come the new corn. —Edward
Coke
Let us now peruse our ancient
authors, for out of the old field
must come the new corn. —Edward
Coke
Let us now peruse our ancient
authors, for out of the old field
must come the new corn. —Edward
Coke
Let us now peruse our ancient
authors, for out of the old field
must come the new corn. —Edward
Coke
Let us now peruse our ancient
authors, for out of the old field
must come the new corn. —Edward
Coke
Let us now peruse our ancient
authors, for out of the old field
must come the new corn. —Edward
Coke
