# Adv. 17 Page 5
## 
### 
C^V/ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
9
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Catlule
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V/ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
9
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Catlule
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V/ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
9
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Catlule
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V/ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
9
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Catlule
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V/ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
9
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Catlule
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V/ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
9
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Catlule
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V/ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
9
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Catlule
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V/ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
9
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Catlule
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V/ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
9
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Catlule
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V/ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
9
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Catlule
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V/ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
9
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Catlule
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V/ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
9
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Catlule
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V/ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
9
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Catlule
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
C^V/ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
9
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Catlule
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
