# KZSU 90.1 FM
## 
### 
7:00 p.m. — Campus
Conference
7:30 p.m. — A planning
commission meeting to
discuss Fire Zone 1 housing
recommendations.
KZSU will broadcast live
election returns throughout
the evening.
7:00 p.m. — Campus
Conference
7:30 p.m. — A planning
commission meeting to
discuss Fire Zone 1 housing
recommendations.
KZSU will broadcast live
election returns throughout
the evening.
7:00 p.m. — Campus
Conference
7:30 p.m. — A planning
commission meeting to
discuss Fire Zone 1 housing
recommendations.
KZSU will broadcast live
election returns throughout
the evening.
7:00 p.m. — Campus
Conference
7:30 p.m. — A planning
commission meeting to
discuss Fire Zone 1 housing
recommendations.
KZSU will broadcast live
election returns throughout
the evening.
7:00 p.m. — Campus
Conference
7:30 p.m. — A planning
commission meeting to
discuss Fire Zone 1 housing
recommendations.
KZSU will broadcast live
election returns throughout
the evening.
7:00 p.m. — Campus
Conference
7:30 p.m. — A planning
commission meeting to
discuss Fire Zone 1 housing
recommendations.
KZSU will broadcast live
election returns throughout
the evening.
7:00 p.m. — Campus
Conference
7:30 p.m. — A planning
commission meeting to
discuss Fire Zone 1 housing
recommendations.
KZSU will broadcast live
election returns throughout
the evening.
7:00 p.m. — Campus
Conference
7:30 p.m. — A planning
commission meeting to
discuss Fire Zone 1 housing
recommendations.
KZSU will broadcast live
election returns throughout
the evening.
7:00 p.m. — Campus
Conference
7:30 p.m. — A planning
commission meeting to
discuss Fire Zone 1 housing
recommendations.
KZSU will broadcast live
election returns throughout
the evening.
7:00 p.m. — Campus
Conference
7:30 p.m. — A planning
commission meeting to
discuss Fire Zone 1 housing
recommendations.
KZSU will broadcast live
election returns throughout
the evening.
7:00 p.m. — Campus
Conference
7:30 p.m. — A planning
commission meeting to
discuss Fire Zone 1 housing
recommendations.
KZSU will broadcast live
election returns throughout
the evening.
7:00 p.m. — Campus
Conference
7:30 p.m. — A planning
commission meeting to
discuss Fire Zone 1 housing
recommendations.
KZSU will broadcast live
election returns throughout
the evening.
7:00 p.m. — Campus
Conference
7:30 p.m. — A planning
commission meeting to
discuss Fire Zone 1 housing
recommendations.
KZSU will broadcast live
election returns throughout
the evening.
7:00 p.m. — Campus
Conference
7:30 p.m. — A planning
commission meeting to
discuss Fire Zone 1 housing
recommendations.
KZSU will broadcast live
election returns throughout
the evening.
