# BREAKAGE FEE REFUND TO BE GIVEN '34 MEN
## Former Encina Residents Will Receive Rebate October 12, 13 REFUNDS TOTAL $7,034 Improvement Shown Under Deposit System 
### 
Residents of Encina Hall last year
are concerned in the announcement
from the oflice of Ernest S. Erwin,
assistant comptroller, of refunds
available on breakage deposits to
taling $7,034.
Maximum sums due ihe former
freshman residents of the hall
amount to $5.25 from the hall break
age fund, while patrons of the. din
ing hall may receive refunds of
$15.00 as the maximum for three
quarters. The latter refund is sub
ject to previous withdrawals due to
leave of absence and breakage of
dishes and furniture.
Refunds may be collccted from
the olTice of the Custodian at En
cina on October 12 and 113 in the
aiternoon. The total of the sum to
be refunded to patrons of the dining
hall amounts to $4,820 and the total
hall breakage refund is $2,214. The
total breakage at Encina last year
amounted to the sum of $2013.14.
"Completion of the second year of
the new plan of breakage deposits
subject to refunds, finds a greater
refund in proportion to the resident
population than the previous year
and points to even greater succesi
lor the future," Erwin states. "More
efficient management and greater
co-operation among the hall resi
dents has proven the combination to
effect refunds and the sum to be re
turned this year comes at a time
when it will be most appreciated.
"The lowered cost of living and
the consequent decreased cost of
food stuffs makes the refund pos
sible to dining hall patrons while
the tendency for destruction is given
a psychological disadvantage that
merits consideration of the entire
hall population."
Residents of Encina Hall last year
are concerned in the announcement
from the oflice of Ernest S. Erwin,
assistant comptroller, of refunds
available on breakage deposits to
taling $7,034.
Maximum sums due ihe former
freshman residents of the hall
amount to $5.25 from the hall break
age fund, while patrons of the. din
ing hall may receive refunds of
$15.00 as the maximum for three
quarters. The latter refund is sub
ject to previous withdrawals due to
leave of absence and breakage of
dishes and furniture.
Refunds may be collccted from
the olTice of the Custodian at En
cina on October 12 and 113 in the
aiternoon. The total of the sum to
be refunded to patrons of the dining
hall amounts to $4,820 and the total
hall breakage refund is $2,214. The
total breakage at Encina last year
amounted to the sum of $2013.14.
"Completion of the second year of
the new plan of breakage deposits
subject to refunds, finds a greater
refund in proportion to the resident
population than the previous year
and points to even greater succesi
lor the future," Erwin states. "More
efficient management and greater
co-operation among the hall resi
dents has proven the combination to
effect refunds and the sum to be re
turned this year comes at a time
when it will be most appreciated.
"The lowered cost of living and
the consequent decreased cost of
food stuffs makes the refund pos
sible to dining hall patrons while
the tendency for destruction is given
a psychological disadvantage that
merits consideration of the entire
hall population."
Residents of Encina Hall last year
are concerned in the announcement
from the oflice of Ernest S. Erwin,
assistant comptroller, of refunds
available on breakage deposits to
taling $7,034.
Maximum sums due ihe former
freshman residents of the hall
amount to $5.25 from the hall break
age fund, while patrons of the. din
ing hall may receive refunds of
$15.00 as the maximum for three
quarters. The latter refund is sub
ject to previous withdrawals due to
leave of absence and breakage of
dishes and furniture.
Refunds may be collccted from
the olTice of the Custodian at En
cina on October 12 and 113 in the
aiternoon. The total of the sum to
be refunded to patrons of the dining
hall amounts to $4,820 and the total
hall breakage refund is $2,214. The
total breakage at Encina last year
amounted to the sum of $2013.14.
"Completion of the second year of
the new plan of breakage deposits
subject to refunds, finds a greater
refund in proportion to the resident
population than the previous year
and points to even greater succesi
lor the future," Erwin states. "More
efficient management and greater
co-operation among the hall resi
dents has proven the combination to
effect refunds and the sum to be re
turned this year comes at a time
when it will be most appreciated.
"The lowered cost of living and
the consequent decreased cost of
food stuffs makes the refund pos
sible to dining hall patrons while
the tendency for destruction is given
a psychological disadvantage that
merits consideration of the entire
hall population."
Residents of Encina Hall last year
are concerned in the announcement
from the oflice of Ernest S. Erwin,
assistant comptroller, of refunds
available on breakage deposits to
taling $7,034.
Maximum sums due ihe former
freshman residents of the hall
amount to $5.25 from the hall break
age fund, while patrons of the. din
ing hall may receive refunds of
$15.00 as the maximum for three
quarters. The latter refund is sub
ject to previous withdrawals due to
leave of absence and breakage of
dishes and furniture.
Refunds may be collccted from
the olTice of the Custodian at En
cina on October 12 and 113 in the
aiternoon. The total of the sum to
be refunded to patrons of the dining
hall amounts to $4,820 and the total
hall breakage refund is $2,214. The
total breakage at Encina last year
amounted to the sum of $2013.14.
"Completion of the second year of
the new plan of breakage deposits
subject to refunds, finds a greater
refund in proportion to the resident
population than the previous year
and points to even greater succesi
lor the future," Erwin states. "More
efficient management and greater
co-operation among the hall resi
dents has proven the combination to
effect refunds and the sum to be re
turned this year comes at a time
when it will be most appreciated.
"The lowered cost of living and
the consequent decreased cost of
food stuffs makes the refund pos
sible to dining hall patrons while
the tendency for destruction is given
a psychological disadvantage that
merits consideration of the entire
hall population."
Residents of Encina Hall last year
are concerned in the announcement
from the oflice of Ernest S. Erwin,
assistant comptroller, of refunds
available on breakage deposits to
taling $7,034.
Maximum sums due ihe former
freshman residents of the hall
amount to $5.25 from the hall break
age fund, while patrons of the. din
ing hall may receive refunds of
$15.00 as the maximum for three
quarters. The latter refund is sub
ject to previous withdrawals due to
leave of absence and breakage of
dishes and furniture.
Refunds may be collccted from
the olTice of the Custodian at En
cina on October 12 and 113 in the
aiternoon. The total of the sum to
be refunded to patrons of the dining
hall amounts to $4,820 and the total
hall breakage refund is $2,214. The
total breakage at Encina last year
amounted to the sum of $2013.14.
"Completion of the second year of
the new plan of breakage deposits
subject to refunds, finds a greater
refund in proportion to the resident
population than the previous year
and points to even greater succesi
lor the future," Erwin states. "More
efficient management and greater
co-operation among the hall resi
dents has proven the combination to
effect refunds and the sum to be re
turned this year comes at a time
when it will be most appreciated.
"The lowered cost of living and
the consequent decreased cost of
food stuffs makes the refund pos
sible to dining hall patrons while
the tendency for destruction is given
a psychological disadvantage that
merits consideration of the entire
hall population."
Residents of Encina Hall last year
are concerned in the announcement
from the oflice of Ernest S. Erwin,
assistant comptroller, of refunds
available on breakage deposits to
taling $7,034.
Maximum sums due ihe former
freshman residents of the hall
amount to $5.25 from the hall break
age fund, while patrons of the. din
ing hall may receive refunds of
$15.00 as the maximum for three
quarters. The latter refund is sub
ject to previous withdrawals due to
leave of absence and breakage of
dishes and furniture.
Refunds may be collccted from
the olTice of the Custodian at En
cina on October 12 and 113 in the
aiternoon. The total of the sum to
be refunded to patrons of the dining
hall amounts to $4,820 and the total
hall breakage refund is $2,214. The
total breakage at Encina last year
amounted to the sum of $2013.14.
"Completion of the second year of
the new plan of breakage deposits
subject to refunds, finds a greater
refund in proportion to the resident
population than the previous year
and points to even greater succesi
lor the future," Erwin states. "More
efficient management and greater
co-operation among the hall resi
dents has proven the combination to
effect refunds and the sum to be re
turned this year comes at a time
when it will be most appreciated.
"The lowered cost of living and
the consequent decreased cost of
food stuffs makes the refund pos
sible to dining hall patrons while
the tendency for destruction is given
a psychological disadvantage that
merits consideration of the entire
hall population."
Residents of Encina Hall last year
are concerned in the announcement
from the oflice of Ernest S. Erwin,
assistant comptroller, of refunds
available on breakage deposits to
taling $7,034.
Maximum sums due ihe former
freshman residents of the hall
amount to $5.25 from the hall break
age fund, while patrons of the. din
ing hall may receive refunds of
$15.00 as the maximum for three
quarters. The latter refund is sub
ject to previous withdrawals due to
leave of absence and breakage of
dishes and furniture.
Refunds may be collccted from
the olTice of the Custodian at En
cina on October 12 and 113 in the
aiternoon. The total of the sum to
be refunded to patrons of the dining
hall amounts to $4,820 and the total
hall breakage refund is $2,214. The
total breakage at Encina last year
amounted to the sum of $2013.14.
"Completion of the second year of
the new plan of breakage deposits
subject to refunds, finds a greater
refund in proportion to the resident
population than the previous year
and points to even greater succesi
lor the future," Erwin states. "More
efficient management and greater
co-operation among the hall resi
dents has proven the combination to
effect refunds and the sum to be re
turned this year comes at a time
when it will be most appreciated.
"The lowered cost of living and
the consequent decreased cost of
food stuffs makes the refund pos
sible to dining hall patrons while
the tendency for destruction is given
a psychological disadvantage that
merits consideration of the entire
hall population."
Residents of Encina Hall last year
are concerned in the announcement
from the oflice of Ernest S. Erwin,
assistant comptroller, of refunds
available on breakage deposits to
taling $7,034.
Maximum sums due ihe former
freshman residents of the hall
amount to $5.25 from the hall break
age fund, while patrons of the. din
ing hall may receive refunds of
$15.00 as the maximum for three
quarters. The latter refund is sub
ject to previous withdrawals due to
leave of absence and breakage of
dishes and furniture.
Refunds may be collccted from
the olTice of the Custodian at En
cina on October 12 and 113 in the
aiternoon. The total of the sum to
be refunded to patrons of the dining
hall amounts to $4,820 and the total
hall breakage refund is $2,214. The
total breakage at Encina last year
amounted to the sum of $2013.14.
"Completion of the second year of
the new plan of breakage deposits
subject to refunds, finds a greater
refund in proportion to the resident
population than the previous year
and points to even greater succesi
lor the future," Erwin states. "More
efficient management and greater
co-operation among the hall resi
dents has proven the combination to
effect refunds and the sum to be re
turned this year comes at a time
when it will be most appreciated.
"The lowered cost of living and
the consequent decreased cost of
food stuffs makes the refund pos
sible to dining hall patrons while
the tendency for destruction is given
a psychological disadvantage that
merits consideration of the entire
hall population."
Residents of Encina Hall last year
are concerned in the announcement
from the oflice of Ernest S. Erwin,
assistant comptroller, of refunds
available on breakage deposits to
taling $7,034.
Maximum sums due ihe former
freshman residents of the hall
amount to $5.25 from the hall break
age fund, while patrons of the. din
ing hall may receive refunds of
$15.00 as the maximum for three
quarters. The latter refund is sub
ject to previous withdrawals due to
leave of absence and breakage of
dishes and furniture.
Refunds may be collccted from
the olTice of the Custodian at En
cina on October 12 and 113 in the
aiternoon. The total of the sum to
be refunded to patrons of the dining
hall amounts to $4,820 and the total
hall breakage refund is $2,214. The
total breakage at Encina last year
amounted to the sum of $2013.14.
"Completion of the second year of
the new plan of breakage deposits
subject to refunds, finds a greater
refund in proportion to the resident
population than the previous year
and points to even greater succesi
lor the future," Erwin states. "More
efficient management and greater
co-operation among the hall resi
dents has proven the combination to
effect refunds and the sum to be re
turned this year comes at a time
when it will be most appreciated.
"The lowered cost of living and
the consequent decreased cost of
food stuffs makes the refund pos
sible to dining hall patrons while
the tendency for destruction is given
a psychological disadvantage that
merits consideration of the entire
hall population."
Residents of Encina Hall last year
are concerned in the announcement
from the oflice of Ernest S. Erwin,
assistant comptroller, of refunds
available on breakage deposits to
taling $7,034.
Maximum sums due ihe former
freshman residents of the hall
amount to $5.25 from the hall break
age fund, while patrons of the. din
ing hall may receive refunds of
$15.00 as the maximum for three
quarters. The latter refund is sub
ject to previous withdrawals due to
leave of absence and breakage of
dishes and furniture.
Refunds may be collccted from
the olTice of the Custodian at En
cina on October 12 and 113 in the
aiternoon. The total of the sum to
be refunded to patrons of the dining
hall amounts to $4,820 and the total
hall breakage refund is $2,214. The
total breakage at Encina last year
amounted to the sum of $2013.14.
"Completion of the second year of
the new plan of breakage deposits
subject to refunds, finds a greater
refund in proportion to the resident
population than the previous year
and points to even greater succesi
lor the future," Erwin states. "More
efficient management and greater
co-operation among the hall resi
dents has proven the combination to
effect refunds and the sum to be re
turned this year comes at a time
when it will be most appreciated.
"The lowered cost of living and
the consequent decreased cost of
food stuffs makes the refund pos
sible to dining hall patrons while
the tendency for destruction is given
a psychological disadvantage that
merits consideration of the entire
hall population."
Residents of Encina Hall last year
are concerned in the announcement
from the oflice of Ernest S. Erwin,
assistant comptroller, of refunds
available on breakage deposits to
taling $7,034.
Maximum sums due ihe former
freshman residents of the hall
amount to $5.25 from the hall break
age fund, while patrons of the. din
ing hall may receive refunds of
$15.00 as the maximum for three
quarters. The latter refund is sub
ject to previous withdrawals due to
leave of absence and breakage of
dishes and furniture.
Refunds may be collccted from
the olTice of the Custodian at En
cina on October 12 and 113 in the
aiternoon. The total of the sum to
be refunded to patrons of the dining
hall amounts to $4,820 and the total
hall breakage refund is $2,214. The
total breakage at Encina last year
amounted to the sum of $2013.14.
"Completion of the second year of
the new plan of breakage deposits
subject to refunds, finds a greater
refund in proportion to the resident
population than the previous year
and points to even greater succesi
lor the future," Erwin states. "More
efficient management and greater
co-operation among the hall resi
dents has proven the combination to
effect refunds and the sum to be re
turned this year comes at a time
when it will be most appreciated.
"The lowered cost of living and
the consequent decreased cost of
food stuffs makes the refund pos
sible to dining hall patrons while
the tendency for destruction is given
a psychological disadvantage that
merits consideration of the entire
hall population."
Residents of Encina Hall last year
are concerned in the announcement
from the oflice of Ernest S. Erwin,
assistant comptroller, of refunds
available on breakage deposits to
taling $7,034.
Maximum sums due ihe former
freshman residents of the hall
amount to $5.25 from the hall break
age fund, while patrons of the. din
ing hall may receive refunds of
$15.00 as the maximum for three
quarters. The latter refund is sub
ject to previous withdrawals due to
leave of absence and breakage of
dishes and furniture.
Refunds may be collccted from
the olTice of the Custodian at En
cina on October 12 and 113 in the
aiternoon. The total of the sum to
be refunded to patrons of the dining
hall amounts to $4,820 and the total
hall breakage refund is $2,214. The
total breakage at Encina last year
amounted to the sum of $2013.14.
"Completion of the second year of
the new plan of breakage deposits
subject to refunds, finds a greater
refund in proportion to the resident
population than the previous year
and points to even greater succesi
lor the future," Erwin states. "More
efficient management and greater
co-operation among the hall resi
dents has proven the combination to
effect refunds and the sum to be re
turned this year comes at a time
when it will be most appreciated.
"The lowered cost of living and
the consequent decreased cost of
food stuffs makes the refund pos
sible to dining hall patrons while
the tendency for destruction is given
a psychological disadvantage that
merits consideration of the entire
hall population."
Residents of Encina Hall last year
are concerned in the announcement
from the oflice of Ernest S. Erwin,
assistant comptroller, of refunds
available on breakage deposits to
taling $7,034.
Maximum sums due ihe former
freshman residents of the hall
amount to $5.25 from the hall break
age fund, while patrons of the. din
ing hall may receive refunds of
$15.00 as the maximum for three
quarters. The latter refund is sub
ject to previous withdrawals due to
leave of absence and breakage of
dishes and furniture.
Refunds may be collccted from
the olTice of the Custodian at En
cina on October 12 and 113 in the
aiternoon. The total of the sum to
be refunded to patrons of the dining
hall amounts to $4,820 and the total
hall breakage refund is $2,214. The
total breakage at Encina last year
amounted to the sum of $2013.14.
"Completion of the second year of
the new plan of breakage deposits
subject to refunds, finds a greater
refund in proportion to the resident
population than the previous year
and points to even greater succesi
lor the future," Erwin states. "More
efficient management and greater
co-operation among the hall resi
dents has proven the combination to
effect refunds and the sum to be re
turned this year comes at a time
when it will be most appreciated.
"The lowered cost of living and
the consequent decreased cost of
food stuffs makes the refund pos
sible to dining hall patrons while
the tendency for destruction is given
a psychological disadvantage that
merits consideration of the entire
hall population."
Residents of Encina Hall last year
are concerned in the announcement
from the oflice of Ernest S. Erwin,
assistant comptroller, of refunds
available on breakage deposits to
taling $7,034.
Maximum sums due ihe former
freshman residents of the hall
amount to $5.25 from the hall break
age fund, while patrons of the. din
ing hall may receive refunds of
$15.00 as the maximum for three
quarters. The latter refund is sub
ject to previous withdrawals due to
leave of absence and breakage of
dishes and furniture.
Refunds may be collccted from
the olTice of the Custodian at En
cina on October 12 and 113 in the
aiternoon. The total of the sum to
be refunded to patrons of the dining
hall amounts to $4,820 and the total
hall breakage refund is $2,214. The
total breakage at Encina last year
amounted to the sum of $2013.14.
"Completion of the second year of
the new plan of breakage deposits
subject to refunds, finds a greater
refund in proportion to the resident
population than the previous year
and points to even greater succesi
lor the future," Erwin states. "More
efficient management and greater
co-operation among the hall resi
dents has proven the combination to
effect refunds and the sum to be re
turned this year comes at a time
when it will be most appreciated.
"The lowered cost of living and
the consequent decreased cost of
food stuffs makes the refund pos
sible to dining hall patrons while
the tendency for destruction is given
a psychological disadvantage that
merits consideration of the entire
hall population."
Residents of Encina Hall last year
are concerned in the announcement
from the oflice of Ernest S. Erwin,
assistant comptroller, of refunds
available on breakage deposits to
taling $7,034.
Maximum sums due ihe former
freshman residents of the hall
amount to $5.25 from the hall break
age fund, while patrons of the. din
ing hall may receive refunds of
$15.00 as the maximum for three
quarters. The latter refund is sub
ject to previous withdrawals due to
leave of absence and breakage of
dishes and furniture.
Refunds may be collccted from
the olTice of the Custodian at En
cina on October 12 and 113 in the
aiternoon. The total of the sum to
be refunded to patrons of the dining
hall amounts to $4,820 and the total
hall breakage refund is $2,214. The
total breakage at Encina last year
amounted to the sum of $2013.14.
"Completion of the second year of
the new plan of breakage deposits
subject to refunds, finds a greater
refund in proportion to the resident
population than the previous year
and points to even greater succesi
lor the future," Erwin states. "More
efficient management and greater
co-operation among the hall resi
dents has proven the combination to
effect refunds and the sum to be re
turned this year comes at a time
when it will be most appreciated.
"The lowered cost of living and
the consequent decreased cost of
food stuffs makes the refund pos
sible to dining hall patrons while
the tendency for destruction is given
a psychological disadvantage that
merits consideration of the entire
hall population."
