# MEXICAN INDIANS ROUT PYRAMID EXPLORERS
## 
### 
PUEBLA, Mexico, Sept. 30 (A'). —
government archeological expedition
exploring the pyramid of Cholula
v/as put to rout yesterday by In
dians. The archeologists were per
mitted to leave in peace after com
plying with the natives' demand to
cease tunneling the pyramid and
they reported the case today to the
state government.
PUEBLA, Mexico, Sept. 30 (A'). —
government archeological expedition
exploring the pyramid of Cholula
v/as put to rout yesterday by In
dians. The archeologists were per
mitted to leave in peace after com
plying with the natives' demand to
cease tunneling the pyramid and
they reported the case today to the
state government.
PUEBLA, Mexico, Sept. 30 (A'). —
government archeological expedition
exploring the pyramid of Cholula
v/as put to rout yesterday by In
dians. The archeologists were per
mitted to leave in peace after com
plying with the natives' demand to
cease tunneling the pyramid and
they reported the case today to the
state government.
PUEBLA, Mexico, Sept. 30 (A'). —
government archeological expedition
exploring the pyramid of Cholula
v/as put to rout yesterday by In
dians. The archeologists were per
mitted to leave in peace after com
plying with the natives' demand to
cease tunneling the pyramid and
they reported the case today to the
state government.
PUEBLA, Mexico, Sept. 30 (A'). —
government archeological expedition
exploring the pyramid of Cholula
v/as put to rout yesterday by In
dians. The archeologists were per
mitted to leave in peace after com
plying with the natives' demand to
cease tunneling the pyramid and
they reported the case today to the
state government.
PUEBLA, Mexico, Sept. 30 (A'). —
government archeological expedition
exploring the pyramid of Cholula
v/as put to rout yesterday by In
dians. The archeologists were per
mitted to leave in peace after com
plying with the natives' demand to
cease tunneling the pyramid and
they reported the case today to the
state government.
PUEBLA, Mexico, Sept. 30 (A'). —
government archeological expedition
exploring the pyramid of Cholula
v/as put to rout yesterday by In
dians. The archeologists were per
mitted to leave in peace after com
plying with the natives' demand to
cease tunneling the pyramid and
they reported the case today to the
state government.
PUEBLA, Mexico, Sept. 30 (A'). —
government archeological expedition
exploring the pyramid of Cholula
v/as put to rout yesterday by In
dians. The archeologists were per
mitted to leave in peace after com
plying with the natives' demand to
cease tunneling the pyramid and
they reported the case today to the
state government.
PUEBLA, Mexico, Sept. 30 (A'). —
government archeological expedition
exploring the pyramid of Cholula
v/as put to rout yesterday by In
dians. The archeologists were per
mitted to leave in peace after com
plying with the natives' demand to
cease tunneling the pyramid and
they reported the case today to the
state government.
PUEBLA, Mexico, Sept. 30 (A'). —
government archeological expedition
exploring the pyramid of Cholula
v/as put to rout yesterday by In
dians. The archeologists were per
mitted to leave in peace after com
plying with the natives' demand to
cease tunneling the pyramid and
they reported the case today to the
state government.
PUEBLA, Mexico, Sept. 30 (A'). —
government archeological expedition
exploring the pyramid of Cholula
v/as put to rout yesterday by In
dians. The archeologists were per
mitted to leave in peace after com
plying with the natives' demand to
cease tunneling the pyramid and
they reported the case today to the
state government.
PUEBLA, Mexico, Sept. 30 (A'). —
government archeological expedition
exploring the pyramid of Cholula
v/as put to rout yesterday by In
dians. The archeologists were per
mitted to leave in peace after com
plying with the natives' demand to
cease tunneling the pyramid and
they reported the case today to the
state government.
PUEBLA, Mexico, Sept. 30 (A'). —
government archeological expedition
exploring the pyramid of Cholula
v/as put to rout yesterday by In
dians. The archeologists were per
mitted to leave in peace after com
plying with the natives' demand to
cease tunneling the pyramid and
they reported the case today to the
state government.
PUEBLA, Mexico, Sept. 30 (A'). —
government archeological expedition
exploring the pyramid of Cholula
v/as put to rout yesterday by In
dians. The archeologists were per
mitted to leave in peace after com
plying with the natives' demand to
cease tunneling the pyramid and
they reported the case today to the
state government.
PUEBLA, Mexico, Sept. 30 (A'). —
government archeological expedition
exploring the pyramid of Cholula
v/as put to rout yesterday by In
dians. The archeologists were per
mitted to leave in peace after com
plying with the natives' demand to
cease tunneling the pyramid and
they reported the case today to the
state government.
