# DEPRESSION NOW AT LOWEST LEVEL SAYS HEAD OF ECONOMICS
## 
### 
The period of depression which
the United States has been experi
encing for the last, two years has
reached its lowest mark, and con
ditions are on the point of improve
ment perceptibly, it was predicted
Tuesday night by Dr. Bernard F.
Haley, acting head of the department
of economics.
Dr. Haley spoke at a meeting of
the San Francisco chapter of the
National Association of Cost Ac
countants held at the Hotel St.
Francis on '"The Current Economic-
Situation, National and Interna
tional."'
"It is difficult to fix the exact
blame for the present period of de
pression," said Dr. Haley. "If I were
asked to place the blame in a single
phrase, I would say it is due to tfie
highly individualistic manner of
doing business in the United States
today."
The period of depression which
the United States has been experi
encing for the last, two years has
reached its lowest mark, and con
ditions are on the point of improve
ment perceptibly, it was predicted
Tuesday night by Dr. Bernard F.
Haley, acting head of the department
of economics.
Dr. Haley spoke at a meeting of
the San Francisco chapter of the
National Association of Cost Ac
countants held at the Hotel St.
Francis on '"The Current Economic-
Situation, National and Interna
tional."'
"It is difficult to fix the exact
blame for the present period of de
pression," said Dr. Haley. "If I were
asked to place the blame in a single
phrase, I would say it is due to tfie
highly individualistic manner of
doing business in the United States
today."
The period of depression which
the United States has been experi
encing for the last, two years has
reached its lowest mark, and con
ditions are on the point of improve
ment perceptibly, it was predicted
Tuesday night by Dr. Bernard F.
Haley, acting head of the department
of economics.
Dr. Haley spoke at a meeting of
the San Francisco chapter of the
National Association of Cost Ac
countants held at the Hotel St.
Francis on '"The Current Economic-
Situation, National and Interna
tional."'
"It is difficult to fix the exact
blame for the present period of de
pression," said Dr. Haley. "If I were
asked to place the blame in a single
phrase, I would say it is due to tfie
highly individualistic manner of
doing business in the United States
today."
The period of depression which
the United States has been experi
encing for the last, two years has
reached its lowest mark, and con
ditions are on the point of improve
ment perceptibly, it was predicted
Tuesday night by Dr. Bernard F.
Haley, acting head of the department
of economics.
Dr. Haley spoke at a meeting of
the San Francisco chapter of the
National Association of Cost Ac
countants held at the Hotel St.
Francis on '"The Current Economic-
Situation, National and Interna
tional."'
"It is difficult to fix the exact
blame for the present period of de
pression," said Dr. Haley. "If I were
asked to place the blame in a single
phrase, I would say it is due to tfie
highly individualistic manner of
doing business in the United States
today."
The period of depression which
the United States has been experi
encing for the last, two years has
reached its lowest mark, and con
ditions are on the point of improve
ment perceptibly, it was predicted
Tuesday night by Dr. Bernard F.
Haley, acting head of the department
of economics.
Dr. Haley spoke at a meeting of
the San Francisco chapter of the
National Association of Cost Ac
countants held at the Hotel St.
Francis on '"The Current Economic-
Situation, National and Interna
tional."'
"It is difficult to fix the exact
blame for the present period of de
pression," said Dr. Haley. "If I were
asked to place the blame in a single
phrase, I would say it is due to tfie
highly individualistic manner of
doing business in the United States
today."
The period of depression which
the United States has been experi
encing for the last, two years has
reached its lowest mark, and con
ditions are on the point of improve
ment perceptibly, it was predicted
Tuesday night by Dr. Bernard F.
Haley, acting head of the department
of economics.
Dr. Haley spoke at a meeting of
the San Francisco chapter of the
National Association of Cost Ac
countants held at the Hotel St.
Francis on '"The Current Economic-
Situation, National and Interna
tional."'
"It is difficult to fix the exact
blame for the present period of de
pression," said Dr. Haley. "If I were
asked to place the blame in a single
phrase, I would say it is due to tfie
highly individualistic manner of
doing business in the United States
today."
The period of depression which
the United States has been experi
encing for the last, two years has
reached its lowest mark, and con
ditions are on the point of improve
ment perceptibly, it was predicted
Tuesday night by Dr. Bernard F.
Haley, acting head of the department
of economics.
Dr. Haley spoke at a meeting of
the San Francisco chapter of the
National Association of Cost Ac
countants held at the Hotel St.
Francis on '"The Current Economic-
Situation, National and Interna
tional."'
"It is difficult to fix the exact
blame for the present period of de
pression," said Dr. Haley. "If I were
asked to place the blame in a single
phrase, I would say it is due to tfie
highly individualistic manner of
doing business in the United States
today."
The period of depression which
the United States has been experi
encing for the last, two years has
reached its lowest mark, and con
ditions are on the point of improve
ment perceptibly, it was predicted
Tuesday night by Dr. Bernard F.
Haley, acting head of the department
of economics.
Dr. Haley spoke at a meeting of
the San Francisco chapter of the
National Association of Cost Ac
countants held at the Hotel St.
Francis on '"The Current Economic-
Situation, National and Interna
tional."'
"It is difficult to fix the exact
blame for the present period of de
pression," said Dr. Haley. "If I were
asked to place the blame in a single
phrase, I would say it is due to tfie
highly individualistic manner of
doing business in the United States
today."
The period of depression which
the United States has been experi
encing for the last, two years has
reached its lowest mark, and con
ditions are on the point of improve
ment perceptibly, it was predicted
Tuesday night by Dr. Bernard F.
Haley, acting head of the department
of economics.
Dr. Haley spoke at a meeting of
the San Francisco chapter of the
National Association of Cost Ac
countants held at the Hotel St.
Francis on '"The Current Economic-
Situation, National and Interna
tional."'
"It is difficult to fix the exact
blame for the present period of de
pression," said Dr. Haley. "If I were
asked to place the blame in a single
phrase, I would say it is due to tfie
highly individualistic manner of
doing business in the United States
today."
The period of depression which
the United States has been experi
encing for the last, two years has
reached its lowest mark, and con
ditions are on the point of improve
ment perceptibly, it was predicted
Tuesday night by Dr. Bernard F.
Haley, acting head of the department
of economics.
Dr. Haley spoke at a meeting of
the San Francisco chapter of the
National Association of Cost Ac
countants held at the Hotel St.
Francis on '"The Current Economic-
Situation, National and Interna
tional."'
"It is difficult to fix the exact
blame for the present period of de
pression," said Dr. Haley. "If I were
asked to place the blame in a single
phrase, I would say it is due to tfie
highly individualistic manner of
doing business in the United States
today."
The period of depression which
the United States has been experi
encing for the last, two years has
reached its lowest mark, and con
ditions are on the point of improve
ment perceptibly, it was predicted
Tuesday night by Dr. Bernard F.
Haley, acting head of the department
of economics.
Dr. Haley spoke at a meeting of
the San Francisco chapter of the
National Association of Cost Ac
countants held at the Hotel St.
Francis on '"The Current Economic-
Situation, National and Interna
tional."'
"It is difficult to fix the exact
blame for the present period of de
pression," said Dr. Haley. "If I were
asked to place the blame in a single
phrase, I would say it is due to tfie
highly individualistic manner of
doing business in the United States
today."
The period of depression which
the United States has been experi
encing for the last, two years has
reached its lowest mark, and con
ditions are on the point of improve
ment perceptibly, it was predicted
Tuesday night by Dr. Bernard F.
Haley, acting head of the department
of economics.
Dr. Haley spoke at a meeting of
the San Francisco chapter of the
National Association of Cost Ac
countants held at the Hotel St.
Francis on '"The Current Economic-
Situation, National and Interna
tional."'
"It is difficult to fix the exact
blame for the present period of de
pression," said Dr. Haley. "If I were
asked to place the blame in a single
phrase, I would say it is due to tfie
highly individualistic manner of
doing business in the United States
today."
The period of depression which
the United States has been experi
encing for the last, two years has
reached its lowest mark, and con
ditions are on the point of improve
ment perceptibly, it was predicted
Tuesday night by Dr. Bernard F.
Haley, acting head of the department
of economics.
Dr. Haley spoke at a meeting of
the San Francisco chapter of the
National Association of Cost Ac
countants held at the Hotel St.
Francis on '"The Current Economic-
Situation, National and Interna
tional."'
"It is difficult to fix the exact
blame for the present period of de
pression," said Dr. Haley. "If I were
asked to place the blame in a single
phrase, I would say it is due to tfie
highly individualistic manner of
doing business in the United States
today."
The period of depression which
the United States has been experi
encing for the last, two years has
reached its lowest mark, and con
ditions are on the point of improve
ment perceptibly, it was predicted
Tuesday night by Dr. Bernard F.
Haley, acting head of the department
of economics.
Dr. Haley spoke at a meeting of
the San Francisco chapter of the
National Association of Cost Ac
countants held at the Hotel St.
Francis on '"The Current Economic-
Situation, National and Interna
tional."'
"It is difficult to fix the exact
blame for the present period of de
pression," said Dr. Haley. "If I were
asked to place the blame in a single
phrase, I would say it is due to tfie
highly individualistic manner of
doing business in the United States
today."
The period of depression which
the United States has been experi
encing for the last, two years has
reached its lowest mark, and con
ditions are on the point of improve
ment perceptibly, it was predicted
Tuesday night by Dr. Bernard F.
Haley, acting head of the department
of economics.
Dr. Haley spoke at a meeting of
the San Francisco chapter of the
National Association of Cost Ac
countants held at the Hotel St.
Francis on '"The Current Economic-
Situation, National and Interna
tional."'
"It is difficult to fix the exact
blame for the present period of de
pression," said Dr. Haley. "If I were
asked to place the blame in a single
phrase, I would say it is due to tfie
highly individualistic manner of
doing business in the United States
today."
