# NEBRASKA AMERICAN LEGION WET, CLAIM
## 
### 
OMAHA, Sept. 30 (/P).—J. F. Mc-
Dermott, commander of the Omaha
Post, American Legion, wants it un
derstood that the Nebraska delega
tion to the recent national conven
tion at Detroit was not favorable to
prohibition despite its unanimous
vote against the now famous prohi
bition referendum resolution.
"I gather that you are laboring
under the apprehension that the Ne
braska delegation was dry," Mc-
Dermott wrote. "As one of the dele
gates I am loath to accept any ac
claim based upon mistaken prem
ises."
OMAHA, Sept. 30 (/P).—J. F. Mc-
Dermott, commander of the Omaha
Post, American Legion, wants it un
derstood that the Nebraska delega
tion to the recent national conven
tion at Detroit was not favorable to
prohibition despite its unanimous
vote against the now famous prohi
bition referendum resolution.
"I gather that you are laboring
under the apprehension that the Ne
braska delegation was dry," Mc-
Dermott wrote. "As one of the dele
gates I am loath to accept any ac
claim based upon mistaken prem
ises."
OMAHA, Sept. 30 (/P).—J. F. Mc-
Dermott, commander of the Omaha
Post, American Legion, wants it un
derstood that the Nebraska delega
tion to the recent national conven
tion at Detroit was not favorable to
prohibition despite its unanimous
vote against the now famous prohi
bition referendum resolution.
"I gather that you are laboring
under the apprehension that the Ne
braska delegation was dry," Mc-
Dermott wrote. "As one of the dele
gates I am loath to accept any ac
claim based upon mistaken prem
ises."
OMAHA, Sept. 30 (/P).—J. F. Mc-
Dermott, commander of the Omaha
Post, American Legion, wants it un
derstood that the Nebraska delega
tion to the recent national conven
tion at Detroit was not favorable to
prohibition despite its unanimous
vote against the now famous prohi
bition referendum resolution.
"I gather that you are laboring
under the apprehension that the Ne
braska delegation was dry," Mc-
Dermott wrote. "As one of the dele
gates I am loath to accept any ac
claim based upon mistaken prem
ises."
OMAHA, Sept. 30 (/P).—J. F. Mc-
Dermott, commander of the Omaha
Post, American Legion, wants it un
derstood that the Nebraska delega
tion to the recent national conven
tion at Detroit was not favorable to
prohibition despite its unanimous
vote against the now famous prohi
bition referendum resolution.
"I gather that you are laboring
under the apprehension that the Ne
braska delegation was dry," Mc-
Dermott wrote. "As one of the dele
gates I am loath to accept any ac
claim based upon mistaken prem
ises."
OMAHA, Sept. 30 (/P).—J. F. Mc-
Dermott, commander of the Omaha
Post, American Legion, wants it un
derstood that the Nebraska delega
tion to the recent national conven
tion at Detroit was not favorable to
prohibition despite its unanimous
vote against the now famous prohi
bition referendum resolution.
"I gather that you are laboring
under the apprehension that the Ne
braska delegation was dry," Mc-
Dermott wrote. "As one of the dele
gates I am loath to accept any ac
claim based upon mistaken prem
ises."
OMAHA, Sept. 30 (/P).—J. F. Mc-
Dermott, commander of the Omaha
Post, American Legion, wants it un
derstood that the Nebraska delega
tion to the recent national conven
tion at Detroit was not favorable to
prohibition despite its unanimous
vote against the now famous prohi
bition referendum resolution.
"I gather that you are laboring
under the apprehension that the Ne
braska delegation was dry," Mc-
Dermott wrote. "As one of the dele
gates I am loath to accept any ac
claim based upon mistaken prem
ises."
OMAHA, Sept. 30 (/P).—J. F. Mc-
Dermott, commander of the Omaha
Post, American Legion, wants it un
derstood that the Nebraska delega
tion to the recent national conven
tion at Detroit was not favorable to
prohibition despite its unanimous
vote against the now famous prohi
bition referendum resolution.
"I gather that you are laboring
under the apprehension that the Ne
braska delegation was dry," Mc-
Dermott wrote. "As one of the dele
gates I am loath to accept any ac
claim based upon mistaken prem
ises."
OMAHA, Sept. 30 (/P).—J. F. Mc-
Dermott, commander of the Omaha
Post, American Legion, wants it un
derstood that the Nebraska delega
tion to the recent national conven
tion at Detroit was not favorable to
prohibition despite its unanimous
vote against the now famous prohi
bition referendum resolution.
"I gather that you are laboring
under the apprehension that the Ne
braska delegation was dry," Mc-
Dermott wrote. "As one of the dele
gates I am loath to accept any ac
claim based upon mistaken prem
ises."
OMAHA, Sept. 30 (/P).—J. F. Mc-
Dermott, commander of the Omaha
Post, American Legion, wants it un
derstood that the Nebraska delega
tion to the recent national conven
tion at Detroit was not favorable to
prohibition despite its unanimous
vote against the now famous prohi
bition referendum resolution.
"I gather that you are laboring
under the apprehension that the Ne
braska delegation was dry," Mc-
Dermott wrote. "As one of the dele
gates I am loath to accept any ac
claim based upon mistaken prem
ises."
OMAHA, Sept. 30 (/P).—J. F. Mc-
Dermott, commander of the Omaha
Post, American Legion, wants it un
derstood that the Nebraska delega
tion to the recent national conven
tion at Detroit was not favorable to
prohibition despite its unanimous
vote against the now famous prohi
bition referendum resolution.
"I gather that you are laboring
under the apprehension that the Ne
braska delegation was dry," Mc-
Dermott wrote. "As one of the dele
gates I am loath to accept any ac
claim based upon mistaken prem
ises."
OMAHA, Sept. 30 (/P).—J. F. Mc-
Dermott, commander of the Omaha
Post, American Legion, wants it un
derstood that the Nebraska delega
tion to the recent national conven
tion at Detroit was not favorable to
prohibition despite its unanimous
vote against the now famous prohi
bition referendum resolution.
"I gather that you are laboring
under the apprehension that the Ne
braska delegation was dry," Mc-
Dermott wrote. "As one of the dele
gates I am loath to accept any ac
claim based upon mistaken prem
ises."
OMAHA, Sept. 30 (/P).—J. F. Mc-
Dermott, commander of the Omaha
Post, American Legion, wants it un
derstood that the Nebraska delega
tion to the recent national conven
tion at Detroit was not favorable to
prohibition despite its unanimous
vote against the now famous prohi
bition referendum resolution.
"I gather that you are laboring
under the apprehension that the Ne
braska delegation was dry," Mc-
Dermott wrote. "As one of the dele
gates I am loath to accept any ac
claim based upon mistaken prem
ises."
OMAHA, Sept. 30 (/P).—J. F. Mc-
Dermott, commander of the Omaha
Post, American Legion, wants it un
derstood that the Nebraska delega
tion to the recent national conven
tion at Detroit was not favorable to
prohibition despite its unanimous
vote against the now famous prohi
bition referendum resolution.
"I gather that you are laboring
under the apprehension that the Ne
braska delegation was dry," Mc-
Dermott wrote. "As one of the dele
gates I am loath to accept any ac
claim based upon mistaken prem
ises."
OMAHA, Sept. 30 (/P).—J. F. Mc-
Dermott, commander of the Omaha
Post, American Legion, wants it un
derstood that the Nebraska delega
tion to the recent national conven
tion at Detroit was not favorable to
prohibition despite its unanimous
vote against the now famous prohi
bition referendum resolution.
"I gather that you are laboring
under the apprehension that the Ne
braska delegation was dry," Mc-
Dermott wrote. "As one of the dele
gates I am loath to accept any ac
claim based upon mistaken prem
ises."
