# DAILY DISCONTINUES OFF-CAMPUS ROUTES IN DELIVERY CHANGE
## 
### 
Discontinuance of all off-campus
routes is the gist of a statement is
sued by the circulation department
of the Stanford Daily covering de
livery of the paper for the current
year. Papers for students living oft
the campus will be distributed at
the engineering corner daily where
facilities will be provided for that
purpose.
'"Paid subscribers on the mailing
lists will receive copies is usual
with only students affected by the
new ruling necessitated by desire to
curtail expense of route delivery,"
stated Lewis Thompson, manager of
the Daily.
Discontinuance of all off-campus
routes is the gist of a statement is
sued by the circulation department
of the Stanford Daily covering de
livery of the paper for the current
year. Papers for students living oft
the campus will be distributed at
the engineering corner daily where
facilities will be provided for that
purpose.
'"Paid subscribers on the mailing
lists will receive copies is usual
with only students affected by the
new ruling necessitated by desire to
curtail expense of route delivery,"
stated Lewis Thompson, manager of
the Daily.
Discontinuance of all off-campus
routes is the gist of a statement is
sued by the circulation department
of the Stanford Daily covering de
livery of the paper for the current
year. Papers for students living oft
the campus will be distributed at
the engineering corner daily where
facilities will be provided for that
purpose.
'"Paid subscribers on the mailing
lists will receive copies is usual
with only students affected by the
new ruling necessitated by desire to
curtail expense of route delivery,"
stated Lewis Thompson, manager of
the Daily.
Discontinuance of all off-campus
routes is the gist of a statement is
sued by the circulation department
of the Stanford Daily covering de
livery of the paper for the current
year. Papers for students living oft
the campus will be distributed at
the engineering corner daily where
facilities will be provided for that
purpose.
'"Paid subscribers on the mailing
lists will receive copies is usual
with only students affected by the
new ruling necessitated by desire to
curtail expense of route delivery,"
stated Lewis Thompson, manager of
the Daily.
Discontinuance of all off-campus
routes is the gist of a statement is
sued by the circulation department
of the Stanford Daily covering de
livery of the paper for the current
year. Papers for students living oft
the campus will be distributed at
the engineering corner daily where
facilities will be provided for that
purpose.
'"Paid subscribers on the mailing
lists will receive copies is usual
with only students affected by the
new ruling necessitated by desire to
curtail expense of route delivery,"
stated Lewis Thompson, manager of
the Daily.
Discontinuance of all off-campus
routes is the gist of a statement is
sued by the circulation department
of the Stanford Daily covering de
livery of the paper for the current
year. Papers for students living oft
the campus will be distributed at
the engineering corner daily where
facilities will be provided for that
purpose.
'"Paid subscribers on the mailing
lists will receive copies is usual
with only students affected by the
new ruling necessitated by desire to
curtail expense of route delivery,"
stated Lewis Thompson, manager of
the Daily.
Discontinuance of all off-campus
routes is the gist of a statement is
sued by the circulation department
of the Stanford Daily covering de
livery of the paper for the current
year. Papers for students living oft
the campus will be distributed at
the engineering corner daily where
facilities will be provided for that
purpose.
'"Paid subscribers on the mailing
lists will receive copies is usual
with only students affected by the
new ruling necessitated by desire to
curtail expense of route delivery,"
stated Lewis Thompson, manager of
the Daily.
Discontinuance of all off-campus
routes is the gist of a statement is
sued by the circulation department
of the Stanford Daily covering de
livery of the paper for the current
year. Papers for students living oft
the campus will be distributed at
the engineering corner daily where
facilities will be provided for that
purpose.
'"Paid subscribers on the mailing
lists will receive copies is usual
with only students affected by the
new ruling necessitated by desire to
curtail expense of route delivery,"
stated Lewis Thompson, manager of
the Daily.
Discontinuance of all off-campus
routes is the gist of a statement is
sued by the circulation department
of the Stanford Daily covering de
livery of the paper for the current
year. Papers for students living oft
the campus will be distributed at
the engineering corner daily where
facilities will be provided for that
purpose.
'"Paid subscribers on the mailing
lists will receive copies is usual
with only students affected by the
new ruling necessitated by desire to
curtail expense of route delivery,"
stated Lewis Thompson, manager of
the Daily.
Discontinuance of all off-campus
routes is the gist of a statement is
sued by the circulation department
of the Stanford Daily covering de
livery of the paper for the current
year. Papers for students living oft
the campus will be distributed at
the engineering corner daily where
facilities will be provided for that
purpose.
'"Paid subscribers on the mailing
lists will receive copies is usual
with only students affected by the
new ruling necessitated by desire to
curtail expense of route delivery,"
stated Lewis Thompson, manager of
the Daily.
Discontinuance of all off-campus
routes is the gist of a statement is
sued by the circulation department
of the Stanford Daily covering de
livery of the paper for the current
year. Papers for students living oft
the campus will be distributed at
the engineering corner daily where
facilities will be provided for that
purpose.
'"Paid subscribers on the mailing
lists will receive copies is usual
with only students affected by the
new ruling necessitated by desire to
curtail expense of route delivery,"
stated Lewis Thompson, manager of
the Daily.
Discontinuance of all off-campus
routes is the gist of a statement is
sued by the circulation department
of the Stanford Daily covering de
livery of the paper for the current
year. Papers for students living oft
the campus will be distributed at
the engineering corner daily where
facilities will be provided for that
purpose.
'"Paid subscribers on the mailing
lists will receive copies is usual
with only students affected by the
new ruling necessitated by desire to
curtail expense of route delivery,"
stated Lewis Thompson, manager of
the Daily.
Discontinuance of all off-campus
routes is the gist of a statement is
sued by the circulation department
of the Stanford Daily covering de
livery of the paper for the current
year. Papers for students living oft
the campus will be distributed at
the engineering corner daily where
facilities will be provided for that
purpose.
'"Paid subscribers on the mailing
lists will receive copies is usual
with only students affected by the
new ruling necessitated by desire to
curtail expense of route delivery,"
stated Lewis Thompson, manager of
the Daily.
Discontinuance of all off-campus
routes is the gist of a statement is
sued by the circulation department
of the Stanford Daily covering de
livery of the paper for the current
year. Papers for students living oft
the campus will be distributed at
the engineering corner daily where
facilities will be provided for that
purpose.
'"Paid subscribers on the mailing
lists will receive copies is usual
with only students affected by the
new ruling necessitated by desire to
curtail expense of route delivery,"
stated Lewis Thompson, manager of
the Daily.
Discontinuance of all off-campus
routes is the gist of a statement is
sued by the circulation department
of the Stanford Daily covering de
livery of the paper for the current
year. Papers for students living oft
the campus will be distributed at
the engineering corner daily where
facilities will be provided for that
purpose.
'"Paid subscribers on the mailing
lists will receive copies is usual
with only students affected by the
new ruling necessitated by desire to
curtail expense of route delivery,"
stated Lewis Thompson, manager of
the Daily.
