# CUBBISON, BROWN ADDRESS FRESHMEN AT INITIAL MEETING
## 
### 
Assembling in Eneina lobby Tues
day evening at 7:30, the class of '35
met for the first time as a group
under the direction of Bob Brown,
president of the A.S.S.U.
After introducing himself to the
250 freshmen, Brown gave an accu
rate and helpful description of the
Department of Military Science and
Tactics, in which he holds a com
mission. He also warned the "inno
cents" (as he termed them) against
throwing water, tomatoes, eggs, and
other ancient vegetables around the
halls, after which he turned the
meeting over to Colonel Cubbison,
P.M.S. and T., who spoke briefly
concerning his department.
Colonel Cubbison outlined the
purpose of the R.0.T.C., its out
standing success, and explained in
detail the physical requirements of
the University which all students
must meet. He particularly urged
the freshmen to enter the depart
ment at once, as they cannot be ad
mitted after the first quarter.
Officers of the department present
with Colonel Cubbison were Cap
tains Williams, Gordon, Luke, and
Miller. After the meeting an in
lormal discussion was held with
students desiring to ask questions.
Assembling in Eneina lobby Tues
day evening at 7:30, the class of '35
met for the first time as a group
under the direction of Bob Brown,
president of the A.S.S.U.
After introducing himself to the
250 freshmen, Brown gave an accu
rate and helpful description of the
Department of Military Science and
Tactics, in which he holds a com
mission. He also warned the "inno
cents" (as he termed them) against
throwing water, tomatoes, eggs, and
other ancient vegetables around the
halls, after which he turned the
meeting over to Colonel Cubbison,
P.M.S. and T., who spoke briefly
concerning his department.
Colonel Cubbison outlined the
purpose of the R.0.T.C., its out
standing success, and explained in
detail the physical requirements of
the University which all students
must meet. He particularly urged
the freshmen to enter the depart
ment at once, as they cannot be ad
mitted after the first quarter.
Officers of the department present
with Colonel Cubbison were Cap
tains Williams, Gordon, Luke, and
Miller. After the meeting an in
lormal discussion was held with
students desiring to ask questions.
Assembling in Eneina lobby Tues
day evening at 7:30, the class of '35
met for the first time as a group
under the direction of Bob Brown,
president of the A.S.S.U.
After introducing himself to the
250 freshmen, Brown gave an accu
rate and helpful description of the
Department of Military Science and
Tactics, in which he holds a com
mission. He also warned the "inno
cents" (as he termed them) against
throwing water, tomatoes, eggs, and
other ancient vegetables around the
halls, after which he turned the
meeting over to Colonel Cubbison,
P.M.S. and T., who spoke briefly
concerning his department.
Colonel Cubbison outlined the
purpose of the R.0.T.C., its out
standing success, and explained in
detail the physical requirements of
the University which all students
must meet. He particularly urged
the freshmen to enter the depart
ment at once, as they cannot be ad
mitted after the first quarter.
Officers of the department present
with Colonel Cubbison were Cap
tains Williams, Gordon, Luke, and
Miller. After the meeting an in
lormal discussion was held with
students desiring to ask questions.
Assembling in Eneina lobby Tues
day evening at 7:30, the class of '35
met for the first time as a group
under the direction of Bob Brown,
president of the A.S.S.U.
After introducing himself to the
250 freshmen, Brown gave an accu
rate and helpful description of the
Department of Military Science and
Tactics, in which he holds a com
mission. He also warned the "inno
cents" (as he termed them) against
throwing water, tomatoes, eggs, and
other ancient vegetables around the
halls, after which he turned the
meeting over to Colonel Cubbison,
P.M.S. and T., who spoke briefly
concerning his department.
Colonel Cubbison outlined the
purpose of the R.0.T.C., its out
standing success, and explained in
detail the physical requirements of
the University which all students
must meet. He particularly urged
the freshmen to enter the depart
ment at once, as they cannot be ad
mitted after the first quarter.
Officers of the department present
with Colonel Cubbison were Cap
tains Williams, Gordon, Luke, and
Miller. After the meeting an in
lormal discussion was held with
students desiring to ask questions.
Assembling in Eneina lobby Tues
day evening at 7:30, the class of '35
met for the first time as a group
under the direction of Bob Brown,
president of the A.S.S.U.
After introducing himself to the
250 freshmen, Brown gave an accu
rate and helpful description of the
Department of Military Science and
Tactics, in which he holds a com
mission. He also warned the "inno
cents" (as he termed them) against
throwing water, tomatoes, eggs, and
other ancient vegetables around the
halls, after which he turned the
meeting over to Colonel Cubbison,
P.M.S. and T., who spoke briefly
concerning his department.
Colonel Cubbison outlined the
purpose of the R.0.T.C., its out
standing success, and explained in
detail the physical requirements of
the University which all students
must meet. He particularly urged
the freshmen to enter the depart
ment at once, as they cannot be ad
mitted after the first quarter.
Officers of the department present
with Colonel Cubbison were Cap
tains Williams, Gordon, Luke, and
Miller. After the meeting an in
lormal discussion was held with
students desiring to ask questions.
Assembling in Eneina lobby Tues
day evening at 7:30, the class of '35
met for the first time as a group
under the direction of Bob Brown,
president of the A.S.S.U.
After introducing himself to the
250 freshmen, Brown gave an accu
rate and helpful description of the
Department of Military Science and
Tactics, in which he holds a com
mission. He also warned the "inno
cents" (as he termed them) against
throwing water, tomatoes, eggs, and
other ancient vegetables around the
halls, after which he turned the
meeting over to Colonel Cubbison,
P.M.S. and T., who spoke briefly
concerning his department.
Colonel Cubbison outlined the
purpose of the R.0.T.C., its out
standing success, and explained in
detail the physical requirements of
the University which all students
must meet. He particularly urged
the freshmen to enter the depart
ment at once, as they cannot be ad
mitted after the first quarter.
Officers of the department present
with Colonel Cubbison were Cap
tains Williams, Gordon, Luke, and
Miller. After the meeting an in
lormal discussion was held with
students desiring to ask questions.
Assembling in Eneina lobby Tues
day evening at 7:30, the class of '35
met for the first time as a group
under the direction of Bob Brown,
president of the A.S.S.U.
After introducing himself to the
250 freshmen, Brown gave an accu
rate and helpful description of the
Department of Military Science and
Tactics, in which he holds a com
mission. He also warned the "inno
cents" (as he termed them) against
throwing water, tomatoes, eggs, and
other ancient vegetables around the
halls, after which he turned the
meeting over to Colonel Cubbison,
P.M.S. and T., who spoke briefly
concerning his department.
Colonel Cubbison outlined the
purpose of the R.0.T.C., its out
standing success, and explained in
detail the physical requirements of
the University which all students
must meet. He particularly urged
the freshmen to enter the depart
ment at once, as they cannot be ad
mitted after the first quarter.
Officers of the department present
with Colonel Cubbison were Cap
tains Williams, Gordon, Luke, and
Miller. After the meeting an in
lormal discussion was held with
students desiring to ask questions.
Assembling in Eneina lobby Tues
day evening at 7:30, the class of '35
met for the first time as a group
under the direction of Bob Brown,
president of the A.S.S.U.
After introducing himself to the
250 freshmen, Brown gave an accu
rate and helpful description of the
Department of Military Science and
Tactics, in which he holds a com
mission. He also warned the "inno
cents" (as he termed them) against
throwing water, tomatoes, eggs, and
other ancient vegetables around the
halls, after which he turned the
meeting over to Colonel Cubbison,
P.M.S. and T., who spoke briefly
concerning his department.
Colonel Cubbison outlined the
purpose of the R.0.T.C., its out
standing success, and explained in
detail the physical requirements of
the University which all students
must meet. He particularly urged
the freshmen to enter the depart
ment at once, as they cannot be ad
mitted after the first quarter.
Officers of the department present
with Colonel Cubbison were Cap
tains Williams, Gordon, Luke, and
Miller. After the meeting an in
lormal discussion was held with
students desiring to ask questions.
Assembling in Eneina lobby Tues
day evening at 7:30, the class of '35
met for the first time as a group
under the direction of Bob Brown,
president of the A.S.S.U.
After introducing himself to the
250 freshmen, Brown gave an accu
rate and helpful description of the
Department of Military Science and
Tactics, in which he holds a com
mission. He also warned the "inno
cents" (as he termed them) against
throwing water, tomatoes, eggs, and
other ancient vegetables around the
halls, after which he turned the
meeting over to Colonel Cubbison,
P.M.S. and T., who spoke briefly
concerning his department.
Colonel Cubbison outlined the
purpose of the R.0.T.C., its out
standing success, and explained in
detail the physical requirements of
the University which all students
must meet. He particularly urged
the freshmen to enter the depart
ment at once, as they cannot be ad
mitted after the first quarter.
Officers of the department present
with Colonel Cubbison were Cap
tains Williams, Gordon, Luke, and
Miller. After the meeting an in
lormal discussion was held with
students desiring to ask questions.
Assembling in Eneina lobby Tues
day evening at 7:30, the class of '35
met for the first time as a group
under the direction of Bob Brown,
president of the A.S.S.U.
After introducing himself to the
250 freshmen, Brown gave an accu
rate and helpful description of the
Department of Military Science and
Tactics, in which he holds a com
mission. He also warned the "inno
cents" (as he termed them) against
throwing water, tomatoes, eggs, and
other ancient vegetables around the
halls, after which he turned the
meeting over to Colonel Cubbison,
P.M.S. and T., who spoke briefly
concerning his department.
Colonel Cubbison outlined the
purpose of the R.0.T.C., its out
standing success, and explained in
detail the physical requirements of
the University which all students
must meet. He particularly urged
the freshmen to enter the depart
ment at once, as they cannot be ad
mitted after the first quarter.
Officers of the department present
with Colonel Cubbison were Cap
tains Williams, Gordon, Luke, and
Miller. After the meeting an in
lormal discussion was held with
students desiring to ask questions.
Assembling in Eneina lobby Tues
day evening at 7:30, the class of '35
met for the first time as a group
under the direction of Bob Brown,
president of the A.S.S.U.
After introducing himself to the
250 freshmen, Brown gave an accu
rate and helpful description of the
Department of Military Science and
Tactics, in which he holds a com
mission. He also warned the "inno
cents" (as he termed them) against
throwing water, tomatoes, eggs, and
other ancient vegetables around the
halls, after which he turned the
meeting over to Colonel Cubbison,
P.M.S. and T., who spoke briefly
concerning his department.
Colonel Cubbison outlined the
purpose of the R.0.T.C., its out
standing success, and explained in
detail the physical requirements of
the University which all students
must meet. He particularly urged
the freshmen to enter the depart
ment at once, as they cannot be ad
mitted after the first quarter.
Officers of the department present
with Colonel Cubbison were Cap
tains Williams, Gordon, Luke, and
Miller. After the meeting an in
lormal discussion was held with
students desiring to ask questions.
Assembling in Eneina lobby Tues
day evening at 7:30, the class of '35
met for the first time as a group
under the direction of Bob Brown,
president of the A.S.S.U.
After introducing himself to the
250 freshmen, Brown gave an accu
rate and helpful description of the
Department of Military Science and
Tactics, in which he holds a com
mission. He also warned the "inno
cents" (as he termed them) against
throwing water, tomatoes, eggs, and
other ancient vegetables around the
halls, after which he turned the
meeting over to Colonel Cubbison,
P.M.S. and T., who spoke briefly
concerning his department.
Colonel Cubbison outlined the
purpose of the R.0.T.C., its out
standing success, and explained in
detail the physical requirements of
the University which all students
must meet. He particularly urged
the freshmen to enter the depart
ment at once, as they cannot be ad
mitted after the first quarter.
Officers of the department present
with Colonel Cubbison were Cap
tains Williams, Gordon, Luke, and
Miller. After the meeting an in
lormal discussion was held with
students desiring to ask questions.
Assembling in Eneina lobby Tues
day evening at 7:30, the class of '35
met for the first time as a group
under the direction of Bob Brown,
president of the A.S.S.U.
After introducing himself to the
250 freshmen, Brown gave an accu
rate and helpful description of the
Department of Military Science and
Tactics, in which he holds a com
mission. He also warned the "inno
cents" (as he termed them) against
throwing water, tomatoes, eggs, and
other ancient vegetables around the
halls, after which he turned the
meeting over to Colonel Cubbison,
P.M.S. and T., who spoke briefly
concerning his department.
Colonel Cubbison outlined the
purpose of the R.0.T.C., its out
standing success, and explained in
detail the physical requirements of
the University which all students
must meet. He particularly urged
the freshmen to enter the depart
ment at once, as they cannot be ad
mitted after the first quarter.
Officers of the department present
with Colonel Cubbison were Cap
tains Williams, Gordon, Luke, and
Miller. After the meeting an in
lormal discussion was held with
students desiring to ask questions.
Assembling in Eneina lobby Tues
day evening at 7:30, the class of '35
met for the first time as a group
under the direction of Bob Brown,
president of the A.S.S.U.
After introducing himself to the
250 freshmen, Brown gave an accu
rate and helpful description of the
Department of Military Science and
Tactics, in which he holds a com
mission. He also warned the "inno
cents" (as he termed them) against
throwing water, tomatoes, eggs, and
other ancient vegetables around the
halls, after which he turned the
meeting over to Colonel Cubbison,
P.M.S. and T., who spoke briefly
concerning his department.
Colonel Cubbison outlined the
purpose of the R.0.T.C., its out
standing success, and explained in
detail the physical requirements of
the University which all students
must meet. He particularly urged
the freshmen to enter the depart
ment at once, as they cannot be ad
mitted after the first quarter.
Officers of the department present
with Colonel Cubbison were Cap
tains Williams, Gordon, Luke, and
Miller. After the meeting an in
lormal discussion was held with
students desiring to ask questions.
Assembling in Eneina lobby Tues
day evening at 7:30, the class of '35
met for the first time as a group
under the direction of Bob Brown,
president of the A.S.S.U.
After introducing himself to the
250 freshmen, Brown gave an accu
rate and helpful description of the
Department of Military Science and
Tactics, in which he holds a com
mission. He also warned the "inno
cents" (as he termed them) against
throwing water, tomatoes, eggs, and
other ancient vegetables around the
halls, after which he turned the
meeting over to Colonel Cubbison,
P.M.S. and T., who spoke briefly
concerning his department.
Colonel Cubbison outlined the
purpose of the R.0.T.C., its out
standing success, and explained in
detail the physical requirements of
the University which all students
must meet. He particularly urged
the freshmen to enter the depart
ment at once, as they cannot be ad
mitted after the first quarter.
Officers of the department present
with Colonel Cubbison were Cap
tains Williams, Gordon, Luke, and
Miller. After the meeting an in
lormal discussion was held with
students desiring to ask questions.
