# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
r Earn 1
$20*00
Just for
your opinion
The Council on International Educa
tional Exchange (CIEE) and Council
Travel, the nation's largest student/
budget travel specialist invite
Stanford African American students
to participate in a market research
focus group to evaluate our publi
cation, Student Travels, as well as
address issues concerning African
American students and international
work and study programs.
A group of 10 students is needed to
meet for 1 1/2 hours on May 26 to
discuss issues surrounding African
American student's views on inter
national travel, work and study pro
grams. The meeting will take place
on campus at Stanford.
For further information and to re
serve a space in the group, please
contact Greg Posey in San Francsico
at 693-8754 between 8:00-6:00.
Coimcil Travel
America's oldest and largest
student travel organisation!
