# Untitled Article
## 
### 
La Liana is to be the first organiza
tion to hold a dance in the club
house. February twentieth has been
set as the date.
La Liana is to be the first organiza
tion to hold a dance in the club
house. February twentieth has been
set as the date.
La Liana is to be the first organiza
tion to hold a dance in the club
house. February twentieth has been
set as the date.
La Liana is to be the first organiza
tion to hold a dance in the club
house. February twentieth has been
set as the date.
La Liana is to be the first organiza
tion to hold a dance in the club
house. February twentieth has been
set as the date.
La Liana is to be the first organiza
tion to hold a dance in the club
house. February twentieth has been
set as the date.
La Liana is to be the first organiza
tion to hold a dance in the club
house. February twentieth has been
set as the date.
La Liana is to be the first organiza
tion to hold a dance in the club
house. February twentieth has been
set as the date.
La Liana is to be the first organiza
tion to hold a dance in the club
house. February twentieth has been
set as the date.
La Liana is to be the first organiza
tion to hold a dance in the club
house. February twentieth has been
set as the date.
La Liana is to be the first organiza
tion to hold a dance in the club
house. February twentieth has been
set as the date.
La Liana is to be the first organiza
tion to hold a dance in the club
house. February twentieth has been
set as the date.
La Liana is to be the first organiza
tion to hold a dance in the club
house. February twentieth has been
set as the date.
