# Untitled Article
## 
### 
I v et us have faith that right
makes might, and in that faith
let us, to the end, dare to do
our duty as we understand it.
—Abraham Lincoln.
I v et us have faith that right
makes might, and in that faith
let us, to the end, dare to do
our duty as we understand it.
—Abraham Lincoln.
I v et us have faith that right
makes might, and in that faith
let us, to the end, dare to do
our duty as we understand it.
—Abraham Lincoln.
I v et us have faith that right
makes might, and in that faith
let us, to the end, dare to do
our duty as we understand it.
—Abraham Lincoln.
I v et us have faith that right
makes might, and in that faith
let us, to the end, dare to do
our duty as we understand it.
—Abraham Lincoln.
I v et us have faith that right
makes might, and in that faith
let us, to the end, dare to do
our duty as we understand it.
—Abraham Lincoln.
I v et us have faith that right
makes might, and in that faith
let us, to the end, dare to do
our duty as we understand it.
—Abraham Lincoln.
I v et us have faith that right
makes might, and in that faith
let us, to the end, dare to do
our duty as we understand it.
—Abraham Lincoln.
I v et us have faith that right
makes might, and in that faith
let us, to the end, dare to do
our duty as we understand it.
—Abraham Lincoln.
I v et us have faith that right
makes might, and in that faith
let us, to the end, dare to do
our duty as we understand it.
—Abraham Lincoln.
I v et us have faith that right
makes might, and in that faith
let us, to the end, dare to do
our duty as we understand it.
—Abraham Lincoln.
I v et us have faith that right
makes might, and in that faith
let us, to the end, dare to do
our duty as we understand it.
—Abraham Lincoln.
I v et us have faith that right
makes might, and in that faith
let us, to the end, dare to do
our duty as we understand it.
—Abraham Lincoln.
