# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dr. F. M. McFarland, professor of
histology, will speak before the Phy
siology Club in the Botany lecture
room. Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock.
The subject will be "Cell Theory."
Dr. F. M. McFarland, professor of
histology, will speak before the Phy
siology Club in the Botany lecture
room. Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock.
The subject will be "Cell Theory."
Dr. F. M. McFarland, professor of
histology, will speak before the Phy
siology Club in the Botany lecture
room. Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock.
The subject will be "Cell Theory."
Dr. F. M. McFarland, professor of
histology, will speak before the Phy
siology Club in the Botany lecture
room. Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock.
The subject will be "Cell Theory."
Dr. F. M. McFarland, professor of
histology, will speak before the Phy
siology Club in the Botany lecture
room. Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock.
The subject will be "Cell Theory."
Dr. F. M. McFarland, professor of
histology, will speak before the Phy
siology Club in the Botany lecture
room. Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock.
The subject will be "Cell Theory."
Dr. F. M. McFarland, professor of
histology, will speak before the Phy
siology Club in the Botany lecture
room. Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock.
The subject will be "Cell Theory."
Dr. F. M. McFarland, professor of
histology, will speak before the Phy
siology Club in the Botany lecture
room. Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock.
The subject will be "Cell Theory."
Dr. F. M. McFarland, professor of
histology, will speak before the Phy
siology Club in the Botany lecture
room. Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock.
The subject will be "Cell Theory."
Dr. F. M. McFarland, professor of
histology, will speak before the Phy
siology Club in the Botany lecture
room. Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock.
The subject will be "Cell Theory."
Dr. F. M. McFarland, professor of
histology, will speak before the Phy
siology Club in the Botany lecture
room. Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock.
The subject will be "Cell Theory."
Dr. F. M. McFarland, professor of
histology, will speak before the Phy
siology Club in the Botany lecture
room. Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock.
The subject will be "Cell Theory."
Dr. F. M. McFarland, professor of
histology, will speak before the Phy
siology Club in the Botany lecture
room. Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock.
The subject will be "Cell Theory."
