# Untitled Article
## 
### 
George K. Eberlinrd, practical
advertising mail and instructor of
advertising at the Cniversity of
California, will speak on profes
sional .advertising at .Enclnn,
Snudaj evening, at 7:110 o'clock.
George K. Eberlinrd, practical
advertising mail and instructor of
advertising at the Cniversity of
California, will speak on profes
sional .advertising at .Enclnn,
Snudaj evening, at 7:110 o'clock.
George K. Eberlinrd, practical
advertising mail and instructor of
advertising at the Cniversity of
California, will speak on profes
sional .advertising at .Enclnn,
Snudaj evening, at 7:110 o'clock.
George K. Eberlinrd, practical
advertising mail and instructor of
advertising at the Cniversity of
California, will speak on profes
sional .advertising at .Enclnn,
Snudaj evening, at 7:110 o'clock.
George K. Eberlinrd, practical
advertising mail and instructor of
advertising at the Cniversity of
California, will speak on profes
sional .advertising at .Enclnn,
Snudaj evening, at 7:110 o'clock.
George K. Eberlinrd, practical
advertising mail and instructor of
advertising at the Cniversity of
California, will speak on profes
sional .advertising at .Enclnn,
Snudaj evening, at 7:110 o'clock.
George K. Eberlinrd, practical
advertising mail and instructor of
advertising at the Cniversity of
California, will speak on profes
sional .advertising at .Enclnn,
Snudaj evening, at 7:110 o'clock.
George K. Eberlinrd, practical
advertising mail and instructor of
advertising at the Cniversity of
California, will speak on profes
sional .advertising at .Enclnn,
Snudaj evening, at 7:110 o'clock.
George K. Eberlinrd, practical
advertising mail and instructor of
advertising at the Cniversity of
California, will speak on profes
sional .advertising at .Enclnn,
Snudaj evening, at 7:110 o'clock.
George K. Eberlinrd, practical
advertising mail and instructor of
advertising at the Cniversity of
California, will speak on profes
sional .advertising at .Enclnn,
Snudaj evening, at 7:110 o'clock.
George K. Eberlinrd, practical
advertising mail and instructor of
advertising at the Cniversity of
California, will speak on profes
sional .advertising at .Enclnn,
Snudaj evening, at 7:110 o'clock.
George K. Eberlinrd, practical
advertising mail and instructor of
advertising at the Cniversity of
California, will speak on profes
sional .advertising at .Enclnn,
Snudaj evening, at 7:110 o'clock.
George K. Eberlinrd, practical
advertising mail and instructor of
advertising at the Cniversity of
California, will speak on profes
sional .advertising at .Enclnn,
Snudaj evening, at 7:110 o'clock.
