# Women's Press Club Adds to Fund
## 
### 
Thirty dollars were cleared by the
members of the Women's Press Club
last night when the Varsity Theatre
was turned over to their management.
The money will be given to the Wo
men's Club House, and designated to
buy square feet in the new dance
floor.
Thirty dollars were cleared by the
members of the Women's Press Club
last night when the Varsity Theatre
was turned over to their management.
The money will be given to the Wo
men's Club House, and designated to
buy square feet in the new dance
floor.
Thirty dollars were cleared by the
members of the Women's Press Club
last night when the Varsity Theatre
was turned over to their management.
The money will be given to the Wo
men's Club House, and designated to
buy square feet in the new dance
floor.
Thirty dollars were cleared by the
members of the Women's Press Club
last night when the Varsity Theatre
was turned over to their management.
The money will be given to the Wo
men's Club House, and designated to
buy square feet in the new dance
floor.
Thirty dollars were cleared by the
members of the Women's Press Club
last night when the Varsity Theatre
was turned over to their management.
The money will be given to the Wo
men's Club House, and designated to
buy square feet in the new dance
floor.
Thirty dollars were cleared by the
members of the Women's Press Club
last night when the Varsity Theatre
was turned over to their management.
The money will be given to the Wo
men's Club House, and designated to
buy square feet in the new dance
floor.
Thirty dollars were cleared by the
members of the Women's Press Club
last night when the Varsity Theatre
was turned over to their management.
The money will be given to the Wo
men's Club House, and designated to
buy square feet in the new dance
floor.
Thirty dollars were cleared by the
members of the Women's Press Club
last night when the Varsity Theatre
was turned over to their management.
The money will be given to the Wo
men's Club House, and designated to
buy square feet in the new dance
floor.
Thirty dollars were cleared by the
members of the Women's Press Club
last night when the Varsity Theatre
was turned over to their management.
The money will be given to the Wo
men's Club House, and designated to
buy square feet in the new dance
floor.
Thirty dollars were cleared by the
members of the Women's Press Club
last night when the Varsity Theatre
was turned over to their management.
The money will be given to the Wo
men's Club House, and designated to
buy square feet in the new dance
floor.
Thirty dollars were cleared by the
members of the Women's Press Club
last night when the Varsity Theatre
was turned over to their management.
The money will be given to the Wo
men's Club House, and designated to
buy square feet in the new dance
floor.
Thirty dollars were cleared by the
members of the Women's Press Club
last night when the Varsity Theatre
was turned over to their management.
The money will be given to the Wo
men's Club House, and designated to
buy square feet in the new dance
floor.
Thirty dollars were cleared by the
members of the Women's Press Club
last night when the Varsity Theatre
was turned over to their management.
The money will be given to the Wo
men's Club House, and designated to
buy square feet in the new dance
floor.
