# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The indications are that Stanford
"will have a large delegation at the
World's Fair Eastern colleges are
arranging to have headquarteis
where, on set days, the students of
the college may meet and have a
sociable time together. We should
think that an arrangement of this
nature would be especially desirable
for Stanford. Sj many miles from
our seat of learning we should make
as good a showing os possible by
keeping together. Let the World's
Fair know that though Stanford is
young, she is nevertheless a healthy
and live ins'itutiou and fully abreast
of the times.
The list baseball g tine in the se
ries with the University of Califor
nia will be played iu S.tu Jose next
Saturday. Efforls are being made to
secure a tpccial train, and, in any
event, a laige number from here
should make it a point to attend the
game. The two teams have been
putting up a good contest ar.d un
doubtedly a large crowd of enthusi
astic San Jose people will help fill
the baseba 1 park A largo and en
thusiastic crowd should see out
boys do their best to gain three
straights from our rivals. This will
be the last game of any consequence
this semester.
