# New Palo Alto Library.
## 
### 
The contract for the Carnegie
library to he huilt in Palo Alto was
awarded yesterday to L. S. Bean at
$11,990. The contract calls for a
completed structure inone hundred
and fifty days.
The contract for the Carnegie
library to he huilt in Palo Alto was
awarded yesterday to L. S. Bean at
$11,990. The contract calls for a
completed structure inone hundred
and fifty days.
The contract for the Carnegie
library to he huilt in Palo Alto was
awarded yesterday to L. S. Bean at
$11,990. The contract calls for a
completed structure inone hundred
and fifty days.
The contract for the Carnegie
library to he huilt in Palo Alto was
awarded yesterday to L. S. Bean at
$11,990. The contract calls for a
completed structure inone hundred
and fifty days.
The contract for the Carnegie
library to he huilt in Palo Alto was
awarded yesterday to L. S. Bean at
$11,990. The contract calls for a
completed structure inone hundred
and fifty days.
The contract for the Carnegie
library to he huilt in Palo Alto was
awarded yesterday to L. S. Bean at
$11,990. The contract calls for a
completed structure inone hundred
and fifty days.
The contract for the Carnegie
library to he huilt in Palo Alto was
awarded yesterday to L. S. Bean at
$11,990. The contract calls for a
completed structure inone hundred
and fifty days.
The contract for the Carnegie
library to he huilt in Palo Alto was
awarded yesterday to L. S. Bean at
$11,990. The contract calls for a
completed structure inone hundred
and fifty days.
