# FROSH CHESS SQUAD WILL HOLD TRYOUTS
## 
### 
Tryouts for positions on the fresh
men chess squad are to be held at
7:30 o'clock tonight in the lobby of
the Old Union. All freshmen are
eligible.
A match between the freshmen
chess teams of the University of
California and Stanford is scheduled
to be held at Berkeley on Friday,
February 13.
Plans for the organization of Stan
ford s squad are being made under
the direction of the Cardinal chess
club.
Tryouts for positions on the fresh
men chess squad are to be held at
7:30 o'clock tonight in the lobby of
the Old Union. All freshmen are
eligible.
A match between the freshmen
chess teams of the University of
California and Stanford is scheduled
to be held at Berkeley on Friday,
February 13.
Plans for the organization of Stan
ford s squad are being made under
the direction of the Cardinal chess
club.
Tryouts for positions on the fresh
men chess squad are to be held at
7:30 o'clock tonight in the lobby of
the Old Union. All freshmen are
eligible.
A match between the freshmen
chess teams of the University of
California and Stanford is scheduled
to be held at Berkeley on Friday,
February 13.
Plans for the organization of Stan
ford s squad are being made under
the direction of the Cardinal chess
club.
Tryouts for positions on the fresh
men chess squad are to be held at
7:30 o'clock tonight in the lobby of
the Old Union. All freshmen are
eligible.
A match between the freshmen
chess teams of the University of
California and Stanford is scheduled
to be held at Berkeley on Friday,
February 13.
Plans for the organization of Stan
ford s squad are being made under
the direction of the Cardinal chess
club.
Tryouts for positions on the fresh
men chess squad are to be held at
7:30 o'clock tonight in the lobby of
the Old Union. All freshmen are
eligible.
A match between the freshmen
chess teams of the University of
California and Stanford is scheduled
to be held at Berkeley on Friday,
February 13.
Plans for the organization of Stan
ford s squad are being made under
the direction of the Cardinal chess
club.
Tryouts for positions on the fresh
men chess squad are to be held at
7:30 o'clock tonight in the lobby of
the Old Union. All freshmen are
eligible.
A match between the freshmen
chess teams of the University of
California and Stanford is scheduled
to be held at Berkeley on Friday,
February 13.
Plans for the organization of Stan
ford s squad are being made under
the direction of the Cardinal chess
club.
Tryouts for positions on the fresh
men chess squad are to be held at
7:30 o'clock tonight in the lobby of
the Old Union. All freshmen are
eligible.
A match between the freshmen
chess teams of the University of
California and Stanford is scheduled
to be held at Berkeley on Friday,
February 13.
Plans for the organization of Stan
ford s squad are being made under
the direction of the Cardinal chess
club.
Tryouts for positions on the fresh
men chess squad are to be held at
7:30 o'clock tonight in the lobby of
the Old Union. All freshmen are
eligible.
A match between the freshmen
chess teams of the University of
California and Stanford is scheduled
to be held at Berkeley on Friday,
February 13.
Plans for the organization of Stan
ford s squad are being made under
the direction of the Cardinal chess
club.
Tryouts for positions on the fresh
men chess squad are to be held at
7:30 o'clock tonight in the lobby of
the Old Union. All freshmen are
eligible.
A match between the freshmen
chess teams of the University of
California and Stanford is scheduled
to be held at Berkeley on Friday,
February 13.
Plans for the organization of Stan
ford s squad are being made under
the direction of the Cardinal chess
club.
Tryouts for positions on the fresh
men chess squad are to be held at
7:30 o'clock tonight in the lobby of
the Old Union. All freshmen are
eligible.
A match between the freshmen
chess teams of the University of
California and Stanford is scheduled
to be held at Berkeley on Friday,
February 13.
Plans for the organization of Stan
ford s squad are being made under
the direction of the Cardinal chess
club.
Tryouts for positions on the fresh
men chess squad are to be held at
7:30 o'clock tonight in the lobby of
the Old Union. All freshmen are
eligible.
A match between the freshmen
chess teams of the University of
California and Stanford is scheduled
to be held at Berkeley on Friday,
February 13.
Plans for the organization of Stan
ford s squad are being made under
the direction of the Cardinal chess
club.
Tryouts for positions on the fresh
men chess squad are to be held at
7:30 o'clock tonight in the lobby of
the Old Union. All freshmen are
eligible.
A match between the freshmen
chess teams of the University of
California and Stanford is scheduled
to be held at Berkeley on Friday,
February 13.
Plans for the organization of Stan
ford s squad are being made under
the direction of the Cardinal chess
club.
Tryouts for positions on the fresh
men chess squad are to be held at
7:30 o'clock tonight in the lobby of
the Old Union. All freshmen are
eligible.
A match between the freshmen
chess teams of the University of
California and Stanford is scheduled
to be held at Berkeley on Friday,
February 13.
Plans for the organization of Stan
ford s squad are being made under
the direction of the Cardinal chess
club.
Tryouts for positions on the fresh
men chess squad are to be held at
7:30 o'clock tonight in the lobby of
the Old Union. All freshmen are
eligible.
A match between the freshmen
chess teams of the University of
California and Stanford is scheduled
to be held at Berkeley on Friday,
February 13.
Plans for the organization of Stan
ford s squad are being made under
the direction of the Cardinal chess
club.
Tryouts for positions on the fresh
men chess squad are to be held at
7:30 o'clock tonight in the lobby of
the Old Union. All freshmen are
eligible.
A match between the freshmen
chess teams of the University of
California and Stanford is scheduled
to be held at Berkeley on Friday,
February 13.
Plans for the organization of Stan
ford s squad are being made under
the direction of the Cardinal chess
club.
