# CRIME COMMITTEE CONTINUES SURVEY
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4 (/P). —'Torn
apart by its controversy over prohi
bition, the Law Enforcement Com
mission assembled today to continue
surveying the whole field of crime.
Immediately before the members
were two virtually completed re
ports, one dealing with criminal sta
tistics and the other with the prose
cution of crime. Unless disagree
ments develop over the material or
form of these surveys it was held
possible both might be in President
Hoover's hands before the end of the
month.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4 (/P). —'Torn
apart by its controversy over prohi
bition, the Law Enforcement Com
mission assembled today to continue
surveying the whole field of crime.
Immediately before the members
were two virtually completed re
ports, one dealing with criminal sta
tistics and the other with the prose
cution of crime. Unless disagree
ments develop over the material or
form of these surveys it was held
possible both might be in President
Hoover's hands before the end of the
month.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4 (/P). —'Torn
apart by its controversy over prohi
bition, the Law Enforcement Com
mission assembled today to continue
surveying the whole field of crime.
Immediately before the members
were two virtually completed re
ports, one dealing with criminal sta
tistics and the other with the prose
cution of crime. Unless disagree
ments develop over the material or
form of these surveys it was held
possible both might be in President
Hoover's hands before the end of the
month.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4 (/P). —'Torn
apart by its controversy over prohi
bition, the Law Enforcement Com
mission assembled today to continue
surveying the whole field of crime.
Immediately before the members
were two virtually completed re
ports, one dealing with criminal sta
tistics and the other with the prose
cution of crime. Unless disagree
ments develop over the material or
form of these surveys it was held
possible both might be in President
Hoover's hands before the end of the
month.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4 (/P). —'Torn
apart by its controversy over prohi
bition, the Law Enforcement Com
mission assembled today to continue
surveying the whole field of crime.
Immediately before the members
were two virtually completed re
ports, one dealing with criminal sta
tistics and the other with the prose
cution of crime. Unless disagree
ments develop over the material or
form of these surveys it was held
possible both might be in President
Hoover's hands before the end of the
month.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4 (/P). —'Torn
apart by its controversy over prohi
bition, the Law Enforcement Com
mission assembled today to continue
surveying the whole field of crime.
Immediately before the members
were two virtually completed re
ports, one dealing with criminal sta
tistics and the other with the prose
cution of crime. Unless disagree
ments develop over the material or
form of these surveys it was held
possible both might be in President
Hoover's hands before the end of the
month.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4 (/P). —'Torn
apart by its controversy over prohi
bition, the Law Enforcement Com
mission assembled today to continue
surveying the whole field of crime.
Immediately before the members
were two virtually completed re
ports, one dealing with criminal sta
tistics and the other with the prose
cution of crime. Unless disagree
ments develop over the material or
form of these surveys it was held
possible both might be in President
Hoover's hands before the end of the
month.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4 (/P). —'Torn
apart by its controversy over prohi
bition, the Law Enforcement Com
mission assembled today to continue
surveying the whole field of crime.
Immediately before the members
were two virtually completed re
ports, one dealing with criminal sta
tistics and the other with the prose
cution of crime. Unless disagree
ments develop over the material or
form of these surveys it was held
possible both might be in President
Hoover's hands before the end of the
month.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4 (/P). —'Torn
apart by its controversy over prohi
bition, the Law Enforcement Com
mission assembled today to continue
surveying the whole field of crime.
Immediately before the members
were two virtually completed re
ports, one dealing with criminal sta
tistics and the other with the prose
cution of crime. Unless disagree
ments develop over the material or
form of these surveys it was held
possible both might be in President
Hoover's hands before the end of the
month.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4 (/P). —'Torn
apart by its controversy over prohi
bition, the Law Enforcement Com
mission assembled today to continue
surveying the whole field of crime.
Immediately before the members
were two virtually completed re
ports, one dealing with criminal sta
tistics and the other with the prose
cution of crime. Unless disagree
ments develop over the material or
form of these surveys it was held
possible both might be in President
Hoover's hands before the end of the
month.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4 (/P). —'Torn
apart by its controversy over prohi
bition, the Law Enforcement Com
mission assembled today to continue
surveying the whole field of crime.
Immediately before the members
were two virtually completed re
ports, one dealing with criminal sta
tistics and the other with the prose
cution of crime. Unless disagree
ments develop over the material or
form of these surveys it was held
possible both might be in President
Hoover's hands before the end of the
month.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4 (/P). —'Torn
apart by its controversy over prohi
bition, the Law Enforcement Com
mission assembled today to continue
surveying the whole field of crime.
Immediately before the members
were two virtually completed re
ports, one dealing with criminal sta
tistics and the other with the prose
cution of crime. Unless disagree
ments develop over the material or
form of these surveys it was held
possible both might be in President
Hoover's hands before the end of the
month.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4 (/P). —'Torn
apart by its controversy over prohi
bition, the Law Enforcement Com
mission assembled today to continue
surveying the whole field of crime.
Immediately before the members
were two virtually completed re
ports, one dealing with criminal sta
tistics and the other with the prose
cution of crime. Unless disagree
ments develop over the material or
form of these surveys it was held
possible both might be in President
Hoover's hands before the end of the
month.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4 (/P). —'Torn
apart by its controversy over prohi
bition, the Law Enforcement Com
mission assembled today to continue
surveying the whole field of crime.
Immediately before the members
were two virtually completed re
ports, one dealing with criminal sta
tistics and the other with the prose
cution of crime. Unless disagree
ments develop over the material or
form of these surveys it was held
possible both might be in President
Hoover's hands before the end of the
month.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4 (/P). —'Torn
apart by its controversy over prohi
bition, the Law Enforcement Com
mission assembled today to continue
surveying the whole field of crime.
Immediately before the members
were two virtually completed re
ports, one dealing with criminal sta
tistics and the other with the prose
cution of crime. Unless disagree
ments develop over the material or
form of these surveys it was held
possible both might be in President
Hoover's hands before the end of the
month.
