# HOOVER JR. WORKS ON NATIONAL RADIO PLANS FOR PLANES
## 
### 
Herbert Hoover, Jr., and John C.
Franklin, son of E. C. Fx-anklin,
emeritus professor of chemistry,
have developed a nation - wide
ground-to-plane radiophone and
telegraph network for dispatching
planes of the Transcontinental and
Western Air Lanes, Inc., from coast
to coast. Both are Stanford grad
uates.
The main stations are at Los An
geles, Albuquerque, and Columbus,
Ohio. Each plane carries two re
ceivers, one for general communi
cation and the other for weather
reports.
Supplementing the plane and sta
tion equipment are range beacons
at Newark, N. T . Columbus, In
dianapolis, St. Louis, Kansas City,
Wichita, and Tulsa, which transmit
a signal directing the pilot to the
landing field. Two-way voice radio
from stations at Los Angeles and
Las Vegas has also been worked
out by Hoover.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., and John C.
Franklin, son of E. C. Fx-anklin,
emeritus professor of chemistry,
have developed a nation - wide
ground-to-plane radiophone and
telegraph network for dispatching
planes of the Transcontinental and
Western Air Lanes, Inc., from coast
to coast. Both are Stanford grad
uates.
The main stations are at Los An
geles, Albuquerque, and Columbus,
Ohio. Each plane carries two re
ceivers, one for general communi
cation and the other for weather
reports.
Supplementing the plane and sta
tion equipment are range beacons
at Newark, N. T . Columbus, In
dianapolis, St. Louis, Kansas City,
Wichita, and Tulsa, which transmit
a signal directing the pilot to the
landing field. Two-way voice radio
from stations at Los Angeles and
Las Vegas has also been worked
out by Hoover.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., and John C.
Franklin, son of E. C. Fx-anklin,
emeritus professor of chemistry,
have developed a nation - wide
ground-to-plane radiophone and
telegraph network for dispatching
planes of the Transcontinental and
Western Air Lanes, Inc., from coast
to coast. Both are Stanford grad
uates.
The main stations are at Los An
geles, Albuquerque, and Columbus,
Ohio. Each plane carries two re
ceivers, one for general communi
cation and the other for weather
reports.
Supplementing the plane and sta
tion equipment are range beacons
at Newark, N. T . Columbus, In
dianapolis, St. Louis, Kansas City,
Wichita, and Tulsa, which transmit
a signal directing the pilot to the
landing field. Two-way voice radio
from stations at Los Angeles and
Las Vegas has also been worked
out by Hoover.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., and John C.
Franklin, son of E. C. Fx-anklin,
emeritus professor of chemistry,
have developed a nation - wide
ground-to-plane radiophone and
telegraph network for dispatching
planes of the Transcontinental and
Western Air Lanes, Inc., from coast
to coast. Both are Stanford grad
uates.
The main stations are at Los An
geles, Albuquerque, and Columbus,
Ohio. Each plane carries two re
ceivers, one for general communi
cation and the other for weather
reports.
Supplementing the plane and sta
tion equipment are range beacons
at Newark, N. T . Columbus, In
dianapolis, St. Louis, Kansas City,
Wichita, and Tulsa, which transmit
a signal directing the pilot to the
landing field. Two-way voice radio
from stations at Los Angeles and
Las Vegas has also been worked
out by Hoover.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., and John C.
Franklin, son of E. C. Fx-anklin,
emeritus professor of chemistry,
have developed a nation - wide
ground-to-plane radiophone and
telegraph network for dispatching
planes of the Transcontinental and
Western Air Lanes, Inc., from coast
to coast. Both are Stanford grad
uates.
The main stations are at Los An
geles, Albuquerque, and Columbus,
Ohio. Each plane carries two re
ceivers, one for general communi
cation and the other for weather
reports.
Supplementing the plane and sta
tion equipment are range beacons
at Newark, N. T . Columbus, In
dianapolis, St. Louis, Kansas City,
Wichita, and Tulsa, which transmit
a signal directing the pilot to the
landing field. Two-way voice radio
from stations at Los Angeles and
Las Vegas has also been worked
out by Hoover.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., and John C.
Franklin, son of E. C. Fx-anklin,
emeritus professor of chemistry,
have developed a nation - wide
ground-to-plane radiophone and
telegraph network for dispatching
planes of the Transcontinental and
Western Air Lanes, Inc., from coast
to coast. Both are Stanford grad
uates.
The main stations are at Los An
geles, Albuquerque, and Columbus,
Ohio. Each plane carries two re
ceivers, one for general communi
cation and the other for weather
reports.
Supplementing the plane and sta
tion equipment are range beacons
at Newark, N. T . Columbus, In
dianapolis, St. Louis, Kansas City,
Wichita, and Tulsa, which transmit
a signal directing the pilot to the
landing field. Two-way voice radio
from stations at Los Angeles and
Las Vegas has also been worked
out by Hoover.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., and John C.
Franklin, son of E. C. Fx-anklin,
emeritus professor of chemistry,
have developed a nation - wide
ground-to-plane radiophone and
telegraph network for dispatching
planes of the Transcontinental and
Western Air Lanes, Inc., from coast
to coast. Both are Stanford grad
uates.
The main stations are at Los An
geles, Albuquerque, and Columbus,
Ohio. Each plane carries two re
ceivers, one for general communi
cation and the other for weather
reports.
Supplementing the plane and sta
tion equipment are range beacons
at Newark, N. T . Columbus, In
dianapolis, St. Louis, Kansas City,
Wichita, and Tulsa, which transmit
a signal directing the pilot to the
landing field. Two-way voice radio
from stations at Los Angeles and
Las Vegas has also been worked
out by Hoover.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., and John C.
Franklin, son of E. C. Fx-anklin,
emeritus professor of chemistry,
have developed a nation - wide
ground-to-plane radiophone and
telegraph network for dispatching
planes of the Transcontinental and
Western Air Lanes, Inc., from coast
to coast. Both are Stanford grad
uates.
The main stations are at Los An
geles, Albuquerque, and Columbus,
Ohio. Each plane carries two re
ceivers, one for general communi
cation and the other for weather
reports.
Supplementing the plane and sta
tion equipment are range beacons
at Newark, N. T . Columbus, In
dianapolis, St. Louis, Kansas City,
Wichita, and Tulsa, which transmit
a signal directing the pilot to the
landing field. Two-way voice radio
from stations at Los Angeles and
Las Vegas has also been worked
out by Hoover.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., and John C.
Franklin, son of E. C. Fx-anklin,
emeritus professor of chemistry,
have developed a nation - wide
ground-to-plane radiophone and
telegraph network for dispatching
planes of the Transcontinental and
Western Air Lanes, Inc., from coast
to coast. Both are Stanford grad
uates.
The main stations are at Los An
geles, Albuquerque, and Columbus,
Ohio. Each plane carries two re
ceivers, one for general communi
cation and the other for weather
reports.
Supplementing the plane and sta
tion equipment are range beacons
at Newark, N. T . Columbus, In
dianapolis, St. Louis, Kansas City,
Wichita, and Tulsa, which transmit
a signal directing the pilot to the
landing field. Two-way voice radio
from stations at Los Angeles and
Las Vegas has also been worked
out by Hoover.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., and John C.
Franklin, son of E. C. Fx-anklin,
emeritus professor of chemistry,
have developed a nation - wide
ground-to-plane radiophone and
telegraph network for dispatching
planes of the Transcontinental and
Western Air Lanes, Inc., from coast
to coast. Both are Stanford grad
uates.
The main stations are at Los An
geles, Albuquerque, and Columbus,
Ohio. Each plane carries two re
ceivers, one for general communi
cation and the other for weather
reports.
Supplementing the plane and sta
tion equipment are range beacons
at Newark, N. T . Columbus, In
dianapolis, St. Louis, Kansas City,
Wichita, and Tulsa, which transmit
a signal directing the pilot to the
landing field. Two-way voice radio
from stations at Los Angeles and
Las Vegas has also been worked
out by Hoover.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., and John C.
Franklin, son of E. C. Fx-anklin,
emeritus professor of chemistry,
have developed a nation - wide
ground-to-plane radiophone and
telegraph network for dispatching
planes of the Transcontinental and
Western Air Lanes, Inc., from coast
to coast. Both are Stanford grad
uates.
The main stations are at Los An
geles, Albuquerque, and Columbus,
Ohio. Each plane carries two re
ceivers, one for general communi
cation and the other for weather
reports.
Supplementing the plane and sta
tion equipment are range beacons
at Newark, N. T . Columbus, In
dianapolis, St. Louis, Kansas City,
Wichita, and Tulsa, which transmit
a signal directing the pilot to the
landing field. Two-way voice radio
from stations at Los Angeles and
Las Vegas has also been worked
out by Hoover.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., and John C.
Franklin, son of E. C. Fx-anklin,
emeritus professor of chemistry,
have developed a nation - wide
ground-to-plane radiophone and
telegraph network for dispatching
planes of the Transcontinental and
Western Air Lanes, Inc., from coast
to coast. Both are Stanford grad
uates.
The main stations are at Los An
geles, Albuquerque, and Columbus,
Ohio. Each plane carries two re
ceivers, one for general communi
cation and the other for weather
reports.
Supplementing the plane and sta
tion equipment are range beacons
at Newark, N. T . Columbus, In
dianapolis, St. Louis, Kansas City,
Wichita, and Tulsa, which transmit
a signal directing the pilot to the
landing field. Two-way voice radio
from stations at Los Angeles and
Las Vegas has also been worked
out by Hoover.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., and John C.
Franklin, son of E. C. Fx-anklin,
emeritus professor of chemistry,
have developed a nation - wide
ground-to-plane radiophone and
telegraph network for dispatching
planes of the Transcontinental and
Western Air Lanes, Inc., from coast
to coast. Both are Stanford grad
uates.
The main stations are at Los An
geles, Albuquerque, and Columbus,
Ohio. Each plane carries two re
ceivers, one for general communi
cation and the other for weather
reports.
Supplementing the plane and sta
tion equipment are range beacons
at Newark, N. T . Columbus, In
dianapolis, St. Louis, Kansas City,
Wichita, and Tulsa, which transmit
a signal directing the pilot to the
landing field. Two-way voice radio
from stations at Los Angeles and
Las Vegas has also been worked
out by Hoover.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., and John C.
Franklin, son of E. C. Fx-anklin,
emeritus professor of chemistry,
have developed a nation - wide
ground-to-plane radiophone and
telegraph network for dispatching
planes of the Transcontinental and
Western Air Lanes, Inc., from coast
to coast. Both are Stanford grad
uates.
The main stations are at Los An
geles, Albuquerque, and Columbus,
Ohio. Each plane carries two re
ceivers, one for general communi
cation and the other for weather
reports.
Supplementing the plane and sta
tion equipment are range beacons
at Newark, N. T . Columbus, In
dianapolis, St. Louis, Kansas City,
Wichita, and Tulsa, which transmit
a signal directing the pilot to the
landing field. Two-way voice radio
from stations at Los Angeles and
Las Vegas has also been worked
out by Hoover.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., and John C.
Franklin, son of E. C. Fx-anklin,
emeritus professor of chemistry,
have developed a nation - wide
ground-to-plane radiophone and
telegraph network for dispatching
planes of the Transcontinental and
Western Air Lanes, Inc., from coast
to coast. Both are Stanford grad
uates.
The main stations are at Los An
geles, Albuquerque, and Columbus,
Ohio. Each plane carries two re
ceivers, one for general communi
cation and the other for weather
reports.
Supplementing the plane and sta
tion equipment are range beacons
at Newark, N. T . Columbus, In
dianapolis, St. Louis, Kansas City,
Wichita, and Tulsa, which transmit
a signal directing the pilot to the
landing field. Two-way voice radio
from stations at Los Angeles and
Las Vegas has also been worked
out by Hoover.
