# FEMALE ILLS NO BOGEY FOR SICK FRATERNITY MAN
## 
### 
Repeated notices to appear at
the office of the Woman's
Medical Adviser for a physical
examination brought no, re
sponse from Lou Phelps. But
the office of the Woman's Medi
cal Adviser is not a quitter,
and demands were sent that
the student Lou Phelps appear
for investigation of every ail
ment known to the Five Hun
dred.
Finally word came from the
Palo / Alto hospital that Lou
Phelps had undergone an
apendectomy. The office of the
Woman's Medical Adviser sent
Margaret Carrithtys, nurse, to
make a personal investigation.
"Lou Phelps? He went home
to Los Angeles yesterday," was
told the enlightened Miss Car
ritliers. And now it is sus
pected that Alpha Tau Omega,
of which Lou Phelps is a
member, has been filing I)r.
Dyment's notices for its own
edification.
