# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Officers and enlisted men stationed
at Fort Douglas, Utah, have been
ordered to become adept in the use
of skiis.
Officers and enlisted men stationed
at Fort Douglas, Utah, have been
ordered to become adept in the use
of skiis.
Officers and enlisted men stationed
at Fort Douglas, Utah, have been
ordered to become adept in the use
of skiis.
Officers and enlisted men stationed
at Fort Douglas, Utah, have been
ordered to become adept in the use
of skiis.
Officers and enlisted men stationed
at Fort Douglas, Utah, have been
ordered to become adept in the use
of skiis.
Officers and enlisted men stationed
at Fort Douglas, Utah, have been
ordered to become adept in the use
of skiis.
Officers and enlisted men stationed
at Fort Douglas, Utah, have been
ordered to become adept in the use
of skiis.
Officers and enlisted men stationed
at Fort Douglas, Utah, have been
ordered to become adept in the use
of skiis.
Officers and enlisted men stationed
at Fort Douglas, Utah, have been
ordered to become adept in the use
of skiis.
Officers and enlisted men stationed
at Fort Douglas, Utah, have been
ordered to become adept in the use
of skiis.
Officers and enlisted men stationed
at Fort Douglas, Utah, have been
ordered to become adept in the use
of skiis.
Officers and enlisted men stationed
at Fort Douglas, Utah, have been
ordered to become adept in the use
of skiis.
Officers and enlisted men stationed
at Fort Douglas, Utah, have been
ordered to become adept in the use
of skiis.
Officers and enlisted men stationed
at Fort Douglas, Utah, have been
ordered to become adept in the use
of skiis.
Officers and enlisted men stationed
at Fort Douglas, Utah, have been
ordered to become adept in the use
of skiis.
