# Untitled Article
## 
### 
One of the students at Harvard
College has a pet snake for a room
mate.
One of the students at Harvard
College has a pet snake for a room
mate.
One of the students at Harvard
College has a pet snake for a room
mate.
One of the students at Harvard
College has a pet snake for a room
mate.
One of the students at Harvard
College has a pet snake for a room
mate.
One of the students at Harvard
College has a pet snake for a room
mate.
One of the students at Harvard
College has a pet snake for a room
mate.
One of the students at Harvard
College has a pet snake for a room
mate.
One of the students at Harvard
College has a pet snake for a room
mate.
One of the students at Harvard
College has a pet snake for a room
mate.
One of the students at Harvard
College has a pet snake for a room
mate.
One of the students at Harvard
College has a pet snake for a room
mate.
One of the students at Harvard
College has a pet snake for a room
mate.
One of the students at Harvard
College has a pet snake for a room
mate.
One of the students at Harvard
College has a pet snake for a room
mate.
