# LOOP "COP" TEACHER GETS CANDY, FLOWERS AND, OH—A RED TIE!
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Feb. 4 VP).—Professor
August Volimer, conducting a spe
cial course in police administration
at the University of Chicago, ad
dressed his pupils yesterday.
"Gentlemen," he said to the 40
policemen, "I wish to thank you for
your—er —gifts during my illness."
The students had made up a fund
to be used in expressing their sym
pathy to "teacher." They entrusted
it to Patrolman Joseph Meyer with
instructions to get "some flowers or
something," and it seems that mer
chants are likely to be generous
when a cop goes a shopping.
"Thanks specially," Professor Vol
imer continued, "for the two potted
plants, six pounds of candy, one
brick of ice cream and the beautiful
red necktie which now adorns me."
