# PROSECUTOR DECLARES BLACKMER FINE LEGAL
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Fob. 4 lA').—Atlec
Pomerene, special government prose
cutor, today told the District of
Columbia Court of Appeals Congress
acted constitutionally in passing the
Walsh law under which Henry M.
Blackmer was fined $00,000 for ig
noring a summonds to testify in a
criminal case.
WASHINGTON, Fob. 4 lA').—Atlec
Pomerene, special government prose
cutor, today told the District of
Columbia Court of Appeals Congress
acted constitutionally in passing the
Walsh law under which Henry M.
Blackmer was fined $00,000 for ig
noring a summonds to testify in a
criminal case.
WASHINGTON, Fob. 4 lA').—Atlec
Pomerene, special government prose
cutor, today told the District of
Columbia Court of Appeals Congress
acted constitutionally in passing the
Walsh law under which Henry M.
Blackmer was fined $00,000 for ig
noring a summonds to testify in a
criminal case.
WASHINGTON, Fob. 4 lA').—Atlec
Pomerene, special government prose
cutor, today told the District of
Columbia Court of Appeals Congress
acted constitutionally in passing the
Walsh law under which Henry M.
Blackmer was fined $00,000 for ig
noring a summonds to testify in a
criminal case.
WASHINGTON, Fob. 4 lA').—Atlec
Pomerene, special government prose
cutor, today told the District of
Columbia Court of Appeals Congress
acted constitutionally in passing the
Walsh law under which Henry M.
Blackmer was fined $00,000 for ig
noring a summonds to testify in a
criminal case.
WASHINGTON, Fob. 4 lA').—Atlec
Pomerene, special government prose
cutor, today told the District of
Columbia Court of Appeals Congress
acted constitutionally in passing the
Walsh law under which Henry M.
Blackmer was fined $00,000 for ig
noring a summonds to testify in a
criminal case.
WASHINGTON, Fob. 4 lA').—Atlec
Pomerene, special government prose
cutor, today told the District of
Columbia Court of Appeals Congress
acted constitutionally in passing the
Walsh law under which Henry M.
Blackmer was fined $00,000 for ig
noring a summonds to testify in a
criminal case.
WASHINGTON, Fob. 4 lA').—Atlec
Pomerene, special government prose
cutor, today told the District of
Columbia Court of Appeals Congress
acted constitutionally in passing the
Walsh law under which Henry M.
Blackmer was fined $00,000 for ig
noring a summonds to testify in a
criminal case.
WASHINGTON, Fob. 4 lA').—Atlec
Pomerene, special government prose
cutor, today told the District of
Columbia Court of Appeals Congress
acted constitutionally in passing the
Walsh law under which Henry M.
Blackmer was fined $00,000 for ig
noring a summonds to testify in a
criminal case.
WASHINGTON, Fob. 4 lA').—Atlec
Pomerene, special government prose
cutor, today told the District of
Columbia Court of Appeals Congress
acted constitutionally in passing the
Walsh law under which Henry M.
Blackmer was fined $00,000 for ig
noring a summonds to testify in a
criminal case.
WASHINGTON, Fob. 4 lA').—Atlec
Pomerene, special government prose
cutor, today told the District of
Columbia Court of Appeals Congress
acted constitutionally in passing the
Walsh law under which Henry M.
Blackmer was fined $00,000 for ig
noring a summonds to testify in a
criminal case.
WASHINGTON, Fob. 4 lA').—Atlec
Pomerene, special government prose
cutor, today told the District of
Columbia Court of Appeals Congress
acted constitutionally in passing the
Walsh law under which Henry M.
Blackmer was fined $00,000 for ig
noring a summonds to testify in a
criminal case.
WASHINGTON, Fob. 4 lA').—Atlec
Pomerene, special government prose
cutor, today told the District of
Columbia Court of Appeals Congress
acted constitutionally in passing the
Walsh law under which Henry M.
Blackmer was fined $00,000 for ig
noring a summonds to testify in a
criminal case.
WASHINGTON, Fob. 4 lA').—Atlec
Pomerene, special government prose
cutor, today told the District of
Columbia Court of Appeals Congress
acted constitutionally in passing the
Walsh law under which Henry M.
Blackmer was fined $00,000 for ig
noring a summonds to testify in a
criminal case.
WASHINGTON, Fob. 4 lA').—Atlec
Pomerene, special government prose
cutor, today told the District of
Columbia Court of Appeals Congress
acted constitutionally in passing the
Walsh law under which Henry M.
Blackmer was fined $00,000 for ig
noring a summonds to testify in a
criminal case.
