# PROFESSORS REFUSE TO CONDUCT CLASSES
## 
### 
SEVILLE, Spain, Feb. 4 (/P).—
Professors of the University of Se
ville announced today that they
would teach no more classes while
the governor of Seville remains in
office.
He exceeded his authority, they
said when he ordered police last
week to break up a students' dem
onstration inside the university
buildings.
The university is closed by gov
ernment order because of a recent
strike of students.
SEVILLE, Spain, Feb. 4 (/P).—
Professors of the University of Se
ville announced today that they
would teach no more classes while
the governor of Seville remains in
office.
He exceeded his authority, they
said when he ordered police last
week to break up a students' dem
onstration inside the university
buildings.
The university is closed by gov
ernment order because of a recent
strike of students.
SEVILLE, Spain, Feb. 4 (/P).—
Professors of the University of Se
ville announced today that they
would teach no more classes while
the governor of Seville remains in
office.
He exceeded his authority, they
said when he ordered police last
week to break up a students' dem
onstration inside the university
buildings.
The university is closed by gov
ernment order because of a recent
strike of students.
SEVILLE, Spain, Feb. 4 (/P).—
Professors of the University of Se
ville announced today that they
would teach no more classes while
the governor of Seville remains in
office.
He exceeded his authority, they
said when he ordered police last
week to break up a students' dem
onstration inside the university
buildings.
The university is closed by gov
ernment order because of a recent
strike of students.
SEVILLE, Spain, Feb. 4 (/P).—
Professors of the University of Se
ville announced today that they
would teach no more classes while
the governor of Seville remains in
office.
He exceeded his authority, they
said when he ordered police last
week to break up a students' dem
onstration inside the university
buildings.
The university is closed by gov
ernment order because of a recent
strike of students.
SEVILLE, Spain, Feb. 4 (/P).—
Professors of the University of Se
ville announced today that they
would teach no more classes while
the governor of Seville remains in
office.
He exceeded his authority, they
said when he ordered police last
week to break up a students' dem
onstration inside the university
buildings.
The university is closed by gov
ernment order because of a recent
strike of students.
SEVILLE, Spain, Feb. 4 (/P).—
Professors of the University of Se
ville announced today that they
would teach no more classes while
the governor of Seville remains in
office.
He exceeded his authority, they
said when he ordered police last
week to break up a students' dem
onstration inside the university
buildings.
The university is closed by gov
ernment order because of a recent
strike of students.
SEVILLE, Spain, Feb. 4 (/P).—
Professors of the University of Se
ville announced today that they
would teach no more classes while
the governor of Seville remains in
office.
He exceeded his authority, they
said when he ordered police last
week to break up a students' dem
onstration inside the university
buildings.
The university is closed by gov
ernment order because of a recent
strike of students.
SEVILLE, Spain, Feb. 4 (/P).—
Professors of the University of Se
ville announced today that they
would teach no more classes while
the governor of Seville remains in
office.
He exceeded his authority, they
said when he ordered police last
week to break up a students' dem
onstration inside the university
buildings.
The university is closed by gov
ernment order because of a recent
strike of students.
SEVILLE, Spain, Feb. 4 (/P).—
Professors of the University of Se
ville announced today that they
would teach no more classes while
the governor of Seville remains in
office.
He exceeded his authority, they
said when he ordered police last
week to break up a students' dem
onstration inside the university
buildings.
The university is closed by gov
ernment order because of a recent
strike of students.
SEVILLE, Spain, Feb. 4 (/P).—
Professors of the University of Se
ville announced today that they
would teach no more classes while
the governor of Seville remains in
office.
He exceeded his authority, they
said when he ordered police last
week to break up a students' dem
onstration inside the university
buildings.
The university is closed by gov
ernment order because of a recent
strike of students.
SEVILLE, Spain, Feb. 4 (/P).—
Professors of the University of Se
ville announced today that they
would teach no more classes while
the governor of Seville remains in
office.
He exceeded his authority, they
said when he ordered police last
week to break up a students' dem
onstration inside the university
buildings.
The university is closed by gov
ernment order because of a recent
strike of students.
SEVILLE, Spain, Feb. 4 (/P).—
Professors of the University of Se
ville announced today that they
would teach no more classes while
the governor of Seville remains in
office.
He exceeded his authority, they
said when he ordered police last
week to break up a students' dem
onstration inside the university
buildings.
The university is closed by gov
ernment order because of a recent
strike of students.
SEVILLE, Spain, Feb. 4 (/P).—
Professors of the University of Se
ville announced today that they
would teach no more classes while
the governor of Seville remains in
office.
He exceeded his authority, they
said when he ordered police last
week to break up a students' dem
onstration inside the university
buildings.
The university is closed by gov
ernment order because of a recent
strike of students.
SEVILLE, Spain, Feb. 4 (/P).—
Professors of the University of Se
ville announced today that they
would teach no more classes while
the governor of Seville remains in
office.
He exceeded his authority, they
said when he ordered police last
week to break up a students' dem
onstration inside the university
buildings.
The university is closed by gov
ernment order because of a recent
strike of students.
