# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
I
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
;
!
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
i
i
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
I
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
I
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
;
!
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
i
i
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
I
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
I
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
;
!
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
i
i
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
I
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
I
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
;
!
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
i
i
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
I
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
I
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
;
!
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
i
i
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
I
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
I
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
;
!
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
i
i
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
I
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
I
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
;
!
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
i
i
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
I
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
I
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
;
!
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
i
i
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
I
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
I
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
;
!
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
i
i
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
I
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
I
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
;
!
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
i
i
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
I
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
I
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
;
!
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
i
i
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
I
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
I
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
;
!
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
i
i
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
I
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
I
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
;
!
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
i
i
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
I
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
I
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
;
!
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
i
i
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
I
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
I
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
;
!
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
i
i
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
I
