# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—After twenty years' service as
United States Commissioner of
Labor, Carroll D. Wright has re
signed that office to assume the
presidency of Clark College, at
Worcester, Mass.
—After twenty years' service as
United States Commissioner of
Labor, Carroll D. Wright has re
signed that office to assume the
presidency of Clark College, at
Worcester, Mass.
—After twenty years' service as
United States Commissioner of
Labor, Carroll D. Wright has re
signed that office to assume the
presidency of Clark College, at
Worcester, Mass.
—After twenty years' service as
United States Commissioner of
Labor, Carroll D. Wright has re
signed that office to assume the
presidency of Clark College, at
Worcester, Mass.
—After twenty years' service as
United States Commissioner of
Labor, Carroll D. Wright has re
signed that office to assume the
presidency of Clark College, at
Worcester, Mass.
—After twenty years' service as
United States Commissioner of
Labor, Carroll D. Wright has re
signed that office to assume the
presidency of Clark College, at
Worcester, Mass.
—After twenty years' service as
United States Commissioner of
Labor, Carroll D. Wright has re
signed that office to assume the
presidency of Clark College, at
Worcester, Mass.
—After twenty years' service as
United States Commissioner of
Labor, Carroll D. Wright has re
signed that office to assume the
presidency of Clark College, at
Worcester, Mass.
