# Second Performance of Play.
## 
### 
The second performance of "Every
Man in his Humour" will be given
in Assembly Hall to-morrow, be
ginning at 10:30 sharp. The per
formance will be over by 1:30, al
lowing time for lunch before the
Waseda-Varsity baseball game.
Accommodations have been made
for the large number of people who
are expected on the campus from
San Francisco and San Jose. Lun
cheon is to be served at the Inn
and at Roble Hall after the per
formance is over. Besides the
baseball game in the afternoon,
there will be t,he second intercol
legiate basket-ball game on the
Roble court at 1:30, and an organ
recital in the Memorial Church at
4:30.
