# A 						Well-Known Educator Here.
## 
### 
Mr. P. W.Search, recently super
intendent of schools of Los An
geles, was visiting the University
today, and returns fora longer
visit next week, when we are prom
ised a lecture by him. Mr. Search
lias prohably exerted more influence
than any other single man in lead
ing teachers to recognize the fact
that it is a crime against children
to force them all through the same
public school grind, regardless of
their individual talents and capa
bilities. While superintendent of
the Pueblo, Colorado, schools, he
successfully inaugurated what is
known as the System of Individual
Instruction, by which, as he puts
it, "pupils are taught to work for
the love of work, no other motive
being presentedâ€”no marks, no
mechanical rewards fordoing right,
no rankings or discriminating
honors of any kind."
Mr. Search was called to the su
perintendency of the Los Angeles
schools in and a most hopeful
movement in the direction of indi
vidual instruction was begun in
that city. Unfortunately the dan
gerous grasp of politics upon our
public school system operated to
drive Mr. Search from the schools
at the end of the year. An ideal,
however, can not be killed, and Mr.
Search's influence will be felt per
manent! v.
