# JORDAN OPEN HOUSE
## 
### 
Jordan will hold an open house
after the game Saturday, featuring
Frank Holman's combo, guitar play
; ers—Sam Sterns and Dick Rhodes
ping pong, sandwiches, and punch.
Jordan will hold an open house
after the game Saturday, featuring
Frank Holman's combo, guitar play
; ers—Sam Sterns and Dick Rhodes
ping pong, sandwiches, and punch.
Jordan will hold an open house
after the game Saturday, featuring
Frank Holman's combo, guitar play
; ers—Sam Sterns and Dick Rhodes
ping pong, sandwiches, and punch.
Jordan will hold an open house
after the game Saturday, featuring
Frank Holman's combo, guitar play
; ers—Sam Sterns and Dick Rhodes
ping pong, sandwiches, and punch.
Jordan will hold an open house
after the game Saturday, featuring
Frank Holman's combo, guitar play
; ers—Sam Sterns and Dick Rhodes
ping pong, sandwiches, and punch.
Jordan will hold an open house
after the game Saturday, featuring
Frank Holman's combo, guitar play
; ers—Sam Sterns and Dick Rhodes
ping pong, sandwiches, and punch.
Jordan will hold an open house
after the game Saturday, featuring
Frank Holman's combo, guitar play
; ers—Sam Sterns and Dick Rhodes
ping pong, sandwiches, and punch.
Jordan will hold an open house
after the game Saturday, featuring
Frank Holman's combo, guitar play
; ers—Sam Sterns and Dick Rhodes
ping pong, sandwiches, and punch.
Jordan will hold an open house
after the game Saturday, featuring
Frank Holman's combo, guitar play
; ers—Sam Sterns and Dick Rhodes
ping pong, sandwiches, and punch.
Jordan will hold an open house
after the game Saturday, featuring
Frank Holman's combo, guitar play
; ers—Sam Sterns and Dick Rhodes
ping pong, sandwiches, and punch.
Jordan will hold an open house
after the game Saturday, featuring
Frank Holman's combo, guitar play
; ers—Sam Sterns and Dick Rhodes
ping pong, sandwiches, and punch.
Jordan will hold an open house
after the game Saturday, featuring
Frank Holman's combo, guitar play
; ers—Sam Sterns and Dick Rhodes
ping pong, sandwiches, and punch.
Jordan will hold an open house
after the game Saturday, featuring
Frank Holman's combo, guitar play
; ers—Sam Sterns and Dick Rhodes
ping pong, sandwiches, and punch.
Jordan will hold an open house
after the game Saturday, featuring
Frank Holman's combo, guitar play
; ers—Sam Sterns and Dick Rhodes
ping pong, sandwiches, and punch.
Jordan will hold an open house
after the game Saturday, featuring
Frank Holman's combo, guitar play
; ers—Sam Sterns and Dick Rhodes
ping pong, sandwiches, and punch.
