# Homecoming Fun Open to Alumni
## 
### 
A hundred and fifty Stanford
students, who formerly attended
Menlo School and College, have
been invited to Menlo's annual
Homecoming tomorrow.
A feature of the day will be the
football game between the Menlo
squad and Contra Costa East Col
lege for the championship of the
Coast League of Northern Califor
nia Junior College Confei-ence.
A hundred and fifty Stanford
students, who formerly attended
Menlo School and College, have
been invited to Menlo's annual
Homecoming tomorrow.
A feature of the day will be the
football game between the Menlo
squad and Contra Costa East Col
lege for the championship of the
Coast League of Northern Califor
nia Junior College Confei-ence.
A hundred and fifty Stanford
students, who formerly attended
Menlo School and College, have
been invited to Menlo's annual
Homecoming tomorrow.
A feature of the day will be the
football game between the Menlo
squad and Contra Costa East Col
lege for the championship of the
Coast League of Northern Califor
nia Junior College Confei-ence.
A hundred and fifty Stanford
students, who formerly attended
Menlo School and College, have
been invited to Menlo's annual
Homecoming tomorrow.
A feature of the day will be the
football game between the Menlo
squad and Contra Costa East Col
lege for the championship of the
Coast League of Northern Califor
nia Junior College Confei-ence.
A hundred and fifty Stanford
students, who formerly attended
Menlo School and College, have
been invited to Menlo's annual
Homecoming tomorrow.
A feature of the day will be the
football game between the Menlo
squad and Contra Costa East Col
lege for the championship of the
Coast League of Northern Califor
nia Junior College Confei-ence.
A hundred and fifty Stanford
students, who formerly attended
Menlo School and College, have
been invited to Menlo's annual
Homecoming tomorrow.
A feature of the day will be the
football game between the Menlo
squad and Contra Costa East Col
lege for the championship of the
Coast League of Northern Califor
nia Junior College Confei-ence.
A hundred and fifty Stanford
students, who formerly attended
Menlo School and College, have
been invited to Menlo's annual
Homecoming tomorrow.
A feature of the day will be the
football game between the Menlo
squad and Contra Costa East Col
lege for the championship of the
Coast League of Northern Califor
nia Junior College Confei-ence.
A hundred and fifty Stanford
students, who formerly attended
Menlo School and College, have
been invited to Menlo's annual
Homecoming tomorrow.
A feature of the day will be the
football game between the Menlo
squad and Contra Costa East Col
lege for the championship of the
Coast League of Northern Califor
nia Junior College Confei-ence.
A hundred and fifty Stanford
students, who formerly attended
Menlo School and College, have
been invited to Menlo's annual
Homecoming tomorrow.
A feature of the day will be the
football game between the Menlo
squad and Contra Costa East Col
lege for the championship of the
Coast League of Northern Califor
nia Junior College Confei-ence.
A hundred and fifty Stanford
students, who formerly attended
Menlo School and College, have
been invited to Menlo's annual
Homecoming tomorrow.
A feature of the day will be the
football game between the Menlo
squad and Contra Costa East Col
lege for the championship of the
Coast League of Northern Califor
nia Junior College Confei-ence.
A hundred and fifty Stanford
students, who formerly attended
Menlo School and College, have
been invited to Menlo's annual
Homecoming tomorrow.
A feature of the day will be the
football game between the Menlo
squad and Contra Costa East Col
lege for the championship of the
Coast League of Northern Califor
nia Junior College Confei-ence.
A hundred and fifty Stanford
students, who formerly attended
Menlo School and College, have
been invited to Menlo's annual
Homecoming tomorrow.
A feature of the day will be the
football game between the Menlo
squad and Contra Costa East Col
lege for the championship of the
Coast League of Northern Califor
nia Junior College Confei-ence.
A hundred and fifty Stanford
students, who formerly attended
Menlo School and College, have
been invited to Menlo's annual
Homecoming tomorrow.
A feature of the day will be the
football game between the Menlo
squad and Contra Costa East Col
lege for the championship of the
Coast League of Northern Califor
nia Junior College Confei-ence.
A hundred and fifty Stanford
students, who formerly attended
Menlo School and College, have
been invited to Menlo's annual
Homecoming tomorrow.
A feature of the day will be the
football game between the Menlo
squad and Contra Costa East Col
lege for the championship of the
Coast League of Northern Califor
nia Junior College Confei-ence.
A hundred and fifty Stanford
students, who formerly attended
Menlo School and College, have
been invited to Menlo's annual
Homecoming tomorrow.
A feature of the day will be the
football game between the Menlo
squad and Contra Costa East Col
lege for the championship of the
Coast League of Northern Califor
nia Junior College Confei-ence.
