# This Morning's Headlines
## 'Fair Deal' for '52 
### 
KKY WEST, Ha.. Nov. 15 (UP) —
President Truman today stated his
own firm intention to make the
Fair Deal the heart of his party's
1952 platform.
He explained at some length that
there will he no retreat from the
Fair Deal program when the time
comes to write the 1952 Democratic
platform. That, he .said, would be
true, regardless of who runs for
President.
KKY WEST, Ha.. Nov. 15 (UP) —
President Truman today stated his
own firm intention to make the
Fair Deal the heart of his party's
1952 platform.
He explained at some length that
there will he no retreat from the
Fair Deal program when the time
comes to write the 1952 Democratic
platform. That, he .said, would be
true, regardless of who runs for
President.
KKY WEST, Ha.. Nov. 15 (UP) —
President Truman today stated his
own firm intention to make the
Fair Deal the heart of his party's
1952 platform.
He explained at some length that
there will he no retreat from the
Fair Deal program when the time
comes to write the 1952 Democratic
platform. That, he .said, would be
true, regardless of who runs for
President.
KKY WEST, Ha.. Nov. 15 (UP) —
President Truman today stated his
own firm intention to make the
Fair Deal the heart of his party's
1952 platform.
He explained at some length that
there will he no retreat from the
Fair Deal program when the time
comes to write the 1952 Democratic
platform. That, he .said, would be
true, regardless of who runs for
President.
KKY WEST, Ha.. Nov. 15 (UP) —
President Truman today stated his
own firm intention to make the
Fair Deal the heart of his party's
1952 platform.
He explained at some length that
there will he no retreat from the
Fair Deal program when the time
comes to write the 1952 Democratic
platform. That, he .said, would be
true, regardless of who runs for
President.
KKY WEST, Ha.. Nov. 15 (UP) —
President Truman today stated his
own firm intention to make the
Fair Deal the heart of his party's
1952 platform.
He explained at some length that
there will he no retreat from the
Fair Deal program when the time
comes to write the 1952 Democratic
platform. That, he .said, would be
true, regardless of who runs for
President.
KKY WEST, Ha.. Nov. 15 (UP) —
President Truman today stated his
own firm intention to make the
Fair Deal the heart of his party's
1952 platform.
He explained at some length that
there will he no retreat from the
Fair Deal program when the time
comes to write the 1952 Democratic
platform. That, he .said, would be
true, regardless of who runs for
President.
KKY WEST, Ha.. Nov. 15 (UP) —
President Truman today stated his
own firm intention to make the
Fair Deal the heart of his party's
1952 platform.
He explained at some length that
there will he no retreat from the
Fair Deal program when the time
comes to write the 1952 Democratic
platform. That, he .said, would be
true, regardless of who runs for
President.
KKY WEST, Ha.. Nov. 15 (UP) —
President Truman today stated his
own firm intention to make the
Fair Deal the heart of his party's
1952 platform.
He explained at some length that
there will he no retreat from the
Fair Deal program when the time
comes to write the 1952 Democratic
platform. That, he .said, would be
true, regardless of who runs for
President.
KKY WEST, Ha.. Nov. 15 (UP) —
President Truman today stated his
own firm intention to make the
Fair Deal the heart of his party's
1952 platform.
He explained at some length that
there will he no retreat from the
Fair Deal program when the time
comes to write the 1952 Democratic
platform. That, he .said, would be
true, regardless of who runs for
President.
KKY WEST, Ha.. Nov. 15 (UP) —
President Truman today stated his
own firm intention to make the
Fair Deal the heart of his party's
1952 platform.
He explained at some length that
there will he no retreat from the
Fair Deal program when the time
comes to write the 1952 Democratic
platform. That, he .said, would be
true, regardless of who runs for
President.
KKY WEST, Ha.. Nov. 15 (UP) —
President Truman today stated his
own firm intention to make the
Fair Deal the heart of his party's
1952 platform.
He explained at some length that
there will he no retreat from the
Fair Deal program when the time
comes to write the 1952 Democratic
platform. That, he .said, would be
true, regardless of who runs for
President.
KKY WEST, Ha.. Nov. 15 (UP) —
President Truman today stated his
own firm intention to make the
Fair Deal the heart of his party's
1952 platform.
He explained at some length that
there will he no retreat from the
Fair Deal program when the time
comes to write the 1952 Democratic
platform. That, he .said, would be
true, regardless of who runs for
President.
KKY WEST, Ha.. Nov. 15 (UP) —
President Truman today stated his
own firm intention to make the
Fair Deal the heart of his party's
1952 platform.
He explained at some length that
there will he no retreat from the
Fair Deal program when the time
comes to write the 1952 Democratic
platform. That, he .said, would be
true, regardless of who runs for
President.
KKY WEST, Ha.. Nov. 15 (UP) —
President Truman today stated his
own firm intention to make the
Fair Deal the heart of his party's
1952 platform.
He explained at some length that
there will he no retreat from the
Fair Deal program when the time
comes to write the 1952 Democratic
platform. That, he .said, would be
true, regardless of who runs for
President.
