# Mineral Students Give Open House
## 
### 
Stanford's School of Mineral Sci
enees will be host at an open house
from I to 10 p.m. today.
The public, students, and faculty
will be able In examine especially
prepared exhibits and see research
work. The exhibits will lie drawn
from the fields of geology, geophys
ics, mineralogy, metallurgy, mining
engineering, gcomorphology, pale
ontology, and petroleum engineer
ing.
The program includes an illus
trated lecture by Professor V. L.
VanclerHoof on the effects of the
1000 earthquake on the Stanford
campus and vicinity. The slide lec
ture will be at 7:30 p.m. in Poom
320 of *hc Geology Building. Some
of the slides of earthquake damage
in Palo Alto have never before been
shown to the public.
