# 'Oliver Twist' Is Sunday's Feature
## 
### 
"Oliver Twist." a J. Arthur Rank
production, will be this week's
Sunday evening movie. Noted ac
tors Alec Guinness and Robert
Newton will star. The movie is
considered a faithful reproduction
of Dickens' immortal classic.
A cartoon and chapter of the se
rial will precede the s-how and ad
mission will be 20 cents. The show
starts at 7:30.
"Oliver Twist." a J. Arthur Rank
production, will be this week's
Sunday evening movie. Noted ac
tors Alec Guinness and Robert
Newton will star. The movie is
considered a faithful reproduction
of Dickens' immortal classic.
A cartoon and chapter of the se
rial will precede the s-how and ad
mission will be 20 cents. The show
starts at 7:30.
"Oliver Twist." a J. Arthur Rank
production, will be this week's
Sunday evening movie. Noted ac
tors Alec Guinness and Robert
Newton will star. The movie is
considered a faithful reproduction
of Dickens' immortal classic.
A cartoon and chapter of the se
rial will precede the s-how and ad
mission will be 20 cents. The show
starts at 7:30.
"Oliver Twist." a J. Arthur Rank
production, will be this week's
Sunday evening movie. Noted ac
tors Alec Guinness and Robert
Newton will star. The movie is
considered a faithful reproduction
of Dickens' immortal classic.
A cartoon and chapter of the se
rial will precede the s-how and ad
mission will be 20 cents. The show
starts at 7:30.
"Oliver Twist." a J. Arthur Rank
production, will be this week's
Sunday evening movie. Noted ac
tors Alec Guinness and Robert
Newton will star. The movie is
considered a faithful reproduction
of Dickens' immortal classic.
A cartoon and chapter of the se
rial will precede the s-how and ad
mission will be 20 cents. The show
starts at 7:30.
"Oliver Twist." a J. Arthur Rank
production, will be this week's
Sunday evening movie. Noted ac
tors Alec Guinness and Robert
Newton will star. The movie is
considered a faithful reproduction
of Dickens' immortal classic.
A cartoon and chapter of the se
rial will precede the s-how and ad
mission will be 20 cents. The show
starts at 7:30.
"Oliver Twist." a J. Arthur Rank
production, will be this week's
Sunday evening movie. Noted ac
tors Alec Guinness and Robert
Newton will star. The movie is
considered a faithful reproduction
of Dickens' immortal classic.
A cartoon and chapter of the se
rial will precede the s-how and ad
mission will be 20 cents. The show
starts at 7:30.
"Oliver Twist." a J. Arthur Rank
production, will be this week's
Sunday evening movie. Noted ac
tors Alec Guinness and Robert
Newton will star. The movie is
considered a faithful reproduction
of Dickens' immortal classic.
A cartoon and chapter of the se
rial will precede the s-how and ad
mission will be 20 cents. The show
starts at 7:30.
"Oliver Twist." a J. Arthur Rank
production, will be this week's
Sunday evening movie. Noted ac
tors Alec Guinness and Robert
Newton will star. The movie is
considered a faithful reproduction
of Dickens' immortal classic.
A cartoon and chapter of the se
rial will precede the s-how and ad
mission will be 20 cents. The show
starts at 7:30.
"Oliver Twist." a J. Arthur Rank
production, will be this week's
Sunday evening movie. Noted ac
tors Alec Guinness and Robert
Newton will star. The movie is
considered a faithful reproduction
of Dickens' immortal classic.
A cartoon and chapter of the se
rial will precede the s-how and ad
mission will be 20 cents. The show
starts at 7:30.
"Oliver Twist." a J. Arthur Rank
production, will be this week's
Sunday evening movie. Noted ac
tors Alec Guinness and Robert
Newton will star. The movie is
considered a faithful reproduction
of Dickens' immortal classic.
A cartoon and chapter of the se
rial will precede the s-how and ad
mission will be 20 cents. The show
starts at 7:30.
"Oliver Twist." a J. Arthur Rank
production, will be this week's
Sunday evening movie. Noted ac
tors Alec Guinness and Robert
Newton will star. The movie is
considered a faithful reproduction
of Dickens' immortal classic.
A cartoon and chapter of the se
rial will precede the s-how and ad
mission will be 20 cents. The show
starts at 7:30.
"Oliver Twist." a J. Arthur Rank
production, will be this week's
Sunday evening movie. Noted ac
tors Alec Guinness and Robert
Newton will star. The movie is
considered a faithful reproduction
of Dickens' immortal classic.
A cartoon and chapter of the se
rial will precede the s-how and ad
mission will be 20 cents. The show
starts at 7:30.
"Oliver Twist." a J. Arthur Rank
production, will be this week's
Sunday evening movie. Noted ac
tors Alec Guinness and Robert
Newton will star. The movie is
considered a faithful reproduction
of Dickens' immortal classic.
A cartoon and chapter of the se
rial will precede the s-how and ad
mission will be 20 cents. The show
starts at 7:30.
"Oliver Twist." a J. Arthur Rank
production, will be this week's
Sunday evening movie. Noted ac
tors Alec Guinness and Robert
Newton will star. The movie is
considered a faithful reproduction
of Dickens' immortal classic.
A cartoon and chapter of the se
rial will precede the s-how and ad
mission will be 20 cents. The show
starts at 7:30.
