# Rome or Elba ?
## 
### 

Benito Mussolini, dictator of
Italy, who pledged the fascist na
tion to meet force with force and
bear economic sanctions "with dis
cipline." Reports are that there is
fighting between the Italians and
Ethiopians although war has not
been officially declared. (Asso
ciated Press Photo.)

Benito Mussolini, dictator of
Italy, who pledged the fascist na
tion to meet force with force and
bear economic sanctions "with dis
cipline." Reports are that there is
fighting between the Italians and
Ethiopians although war has not
been officially declared. (Asso
ciated Press Photo.)

Benito Mussolini, dictator of
Italy, who pledged the fascist na
tion to meet force with force and
bear economic sanctions "with dis
cipline." Reports are that there is
fighting between the Italians and
Ethiopians although war has not
been officially declared. (Asso
ciated Press Photo.)

Benito Mussolini, dictator of
Italy, who pledged the fascist na
tion to meet force with force and
bear economic sanctions "with dis
cipline." Reports are that there is
fighting between the Italians and
Ethiopians although war has not
been officially declared. (Asso
ciated Press Photo.)

Benito Mussolini, dictator of
Italy, who pledged the fascist na
tion to meet force with force and
bear economic sanctions "with dis
cipline." Reports are that there is
fighting between the Italians and
Ethiopians although war has not
been officially declared. (Asso
ciated Press Photo.)

Benito Mussolini, dictator of
Italy, who pledged the fascist na
tion to meet force with force and
bear economic sanctions "with dis
cipline." Reports are that there is
fighting between the Italians and
Ethiopians although war has not
been officially declared. (Asso
ciated Press Photo.)

Benito Mussolini, dictator of
Italy, who pledged the fascist na
tion to meet force with force and
bear economic sanctions "with dis
cipline." Reports are that there is
fighting between the Italians and
Ethiopians although war has not
been officially declared. (Asso
ciated Press Photo.)

Benito Mussolini, dictator of
Italy, who pledged the fascist na
tion to meet force with force and
bear economic sanctions "with dis
cipline." Reports are that there is
fighting between the Italians and
Ethiopians although war has not
been officially declared. (Asso
ciated Press Photo.)

Benito Mussolini, dictator of
Italy, who pledged the fascist na
tion to meet force with force and
bear economic sanctions "with dis
cipline." Reports are that there is
fighting between the Italians and
Ethiopians although war has not
been officially declared. (Asso
ciated Press Photo.)

Benito Mussolini, dictator of
Italy, who pledged the fascist na
tion to meet force with force and
bear economic sanctions "with dis
cipline." Reports are that there is
fighting between the Italians and
Ethiopians although war has not
been officially declared. (Asso
ciated Press Photo.)

Benito Mussolini, dictator of
Italy, who pledged the fascist na
tion to meet force with force and
bear economic sanctions "with dis
cipline." Reports are that there is
fighting between the Italians and
Ethiopians although war has not
been officially declared. (Asso
ciated Press Photo.)

Benito Mussolini, dictator of
Italy, who pledged the fascist na
tion to meet force with force and
bear economic sanctions "with dis
cipline." Reports are that there is
fighting between the Italians and
Ethiopians although war has not
been officially declared. (Asso
ciated Press Photo.)

Benito Mussolini, dictator of
Italy, who pledged the fascist na
tion to meet force with force and
bear economic sanctions "with dis
cipline." Reports are that there is
fighting between the Italians and
Ethiopians although war has not
been officially declared. (Asso
ciated Press Photo.)

Benito Mussolini, dictator of
Italy, who pledged the fascist na
tion to meet force with force and
bear economic sanctions "with dis
cipline." Reports are that there is
fighting between the Italians and
Ethiopians although war has not
been officially declared. (Asso
ciated Press Photo.)

Benito Mussolini, dictator of
Italy, who pledged the fascist na
tion to meet force with force and
bear economic sanctions "with dis
cipline." Reports are that there is
fighting between the Italians and
Ethiopians although war has not
been officially declared. (Asso
ciated Press Photo.)
