# MUENCH CASE RESTS
## 
### 
MEXICO, Mo., Oct. 3 (/P).—The
defense of Mrs. Nellie Tipton
Muench, accused of participating in
the 1931 kidnaping of Dr. Isaac D.
Kelley, rested its case today.
MEXICO, Mo., Oct. 3 (/P).—The
defense of Mrs. Nellie Tipton
Muench, accused of participating in
the 1931 kidnaping of Dr. Isaac D.
Kelley, rested its case today.
MEXICO, Mo., Oct. 3 (/P).—The
defense of Mrs. Nellie Tipton
Muench, accused of participating in
the 1931 kidnaping of Dr. Isaac D.
Kelley, rested its case today.
MEXICO, Mo., Oct. 3 (/P).—The
defense of Mrs. Nellie Tipton
Muench, accused of participating in
the 1931 kidnaping of Dr. Isaac D.
Kelley, rested its case today.
MEXICO, Mo., Oct. 3 (/P).—The
defense of Mrs. Nellie Tipton
Muench, accused of participating in
the 1931 kidnaping of Dr. Isaac D.
Kelley, rested its case today.
MEXICO, Mo., Oct. 3 (/P).—The
defense of Mrs. Nellie Tipton
Muench, accused of participating in
the 1931 kidnaping of Dr. Isaac D.
Kelley, rested its case today.
MEXICO, Mo., Oct. 3 (/P).—The
defense of Mrs. Nellie Tipton
Muench, accused of participating in
the 1931 kidnaping of Dr. Isaac D.
Kelley, rested its case today.
MEXICO, Mo., Oct. 3 (/P).—The
defense of Mrs. Nellie Tipton
Muench, accused of participating in
the 1931 kidnaping of Dr. Isaac D.
Kelley, rested its case today.
MEXICO, Mo., Oct. 3 (/P).—The
defense of Mrs. Nellie Tipton
Muench, accused of participating in
the 1931 kidnaping of Dr. Isaac D.
Kelley, rested its case today.
MEXICO, Mo., Oct. 3 (/P).—The
defense of Mrs. Nellie Tipton
Muench, accused of participating in
the 1931 kidnaping of Dr. Isaac D.
Kelley, rested its case today.
MEXICO, Mo., Oct. 3 (/P).—The
defense of Mrs. Nellie Tipton
Muench, accused of participating in
the 1931 kidnaping of Dr. Isaac D.
Kelley, rested its case today.
MEXICO, Mo., Oct. 3 (/P).—The
defense of Mrs. Nellie Tipton
Muench, accused of participating in
the 1931 kidnaping of Dr. Isaac D.
Kelley, rested its case today.
MEXICO, Mo., Oct. 3 (/P).—The
defense of Mrs. Nellie Tipton
Muench, accused of participating in
the 1931 kidnaping of Dr. Isaac D.
Kelley, rested its case today.
MEXICO, Mo., Oct. 3 (/P).—The
defense of Mrs. Nellie Tipton
Muench, accused of participating in
the 1931 kidnaping of Dr. Isaac D.
Kelley, rested its case today.
MEXICO, Mo., Oct. 3 (/P).—The
defense of Mrs. Nellie Tipton
Muench, accused of participating in
the 1931 kidnaping of Dr. Isaac D.
Kelley, rested its case today.
