# BEN BE NIMBLE
## 
### 
MIAMI, Fla., Oct. 3 (/Pi.—You can
expect Bun Bernie, the "old maes
tro," and pretty 26-year-old Doro
thy Wesley of Miami Beach to be
married soon. Just when Miss Wes
ley's Hungarian - born mother.
Countess Berthe von Wesley,
wouldn't say today.
MIAMI, Fla., Oct. 3 (/Pi.—You can
expect Bun Bernie, the "old maes
tro," and pretty 26-year-old Doro
thy Wesley of Miami Beach to be
married soon. Just when Miss Wes
ley's Hungarian - born mother.
Countess Berthe von Wesley,
wouldn't say today.
MIAMI, Fla., Oct. 3 (/Pi.—You can
expect Bun Bernie, the "old maes
tro," and pretty 26-year-old Doro
thy Wesley of Miami Beach to be
married soon. Just when Miss Wes
ley's Hungarian - born mother.
Countess Berthe von Wesley,
wouldn't say today.
MIAMI, Fla., Oct. 3 (/Pi.—You can
expect Bun Bernie, the "old maes
tro," and pretty 26-year-old Doro
thy Wesley of Miami Beach to be
married soon. Just when Miss Wes
ley's Hungarian - born mother.
Countess Berthe von Wesley,
wouldn't say today.
MIAMI, Fla., Oct. 3 (/Pi.—You can
expect Bun Bernie, the "old maes
tro," and pretty 26-year-old Doro
thy Wesley of Miami Beach to be
married soon. Just when Miss Wes
ley's Hungarian - born mother.
Countess Berthe von Wesley,
wouldn't say today.
MIAMI, Fla., Oct. 3 (/Pi.—You can
expect Bun Bernie, the "old maes
tro," and pretty 26-year-old Doro
thy Wesley of Miami Beach to be
married soon. Just when Miss Wes
ley's Hungarian - born mother.
Countess Berthe von Wesley,
wouldn't say today.
MIAMI, Fla., Oct. 3 (/Pi.—You can
expect Bun Bernie, the "old maes
tro," and pretty 26-year-old Doro
thy Wesley of Miami Beach to be
married soon. Just when Miss Wes
ley's Hungarian - born mother.
Countess Berthe von Wesley,
wouldn't say today.
MIAMI, Fla., Oct. 3 (/Pi.—You can
expect Bun Bernie, the "old maes
tro," and pretty 26-year-old Doro
thy Wesley of Miami Beach to be
married soon. Just when Miss Wes
ley's Hungarian - born mother.
Countess Berthe von Wesley,
wouldn't say today.
MIAMI, Fla., Oct. 3 (/Pi.—You can
expect Bun Bernie, the "old maes
tro," and pretty 26-year-old Doro
thy Wesley of Miami Beach to be
married soon. Just when Miss Wes
ley's Hungarian - born mother.
Countess Berthe von Wesley,
wouldn't say today.
MIAMI, Fla., Oct. 3 (/Pi.—You can
expect Bun Bernie, the "old maes
tro," and pretty 26-year-old Doro
thy Wesley of Miami Beach to be
married soon. Just when Miss Wes
ley's Hungarian - born mother.
Countess Berthe von Wesley,
wouldn't say today.
MIAMI, Fla., Oct. 3 (/Pi.—You can
expect Bun Bernie, the "old maes
tro," and pretty 26-year-old Doro
thy Wesley of Miami Beach to be
married soon. Just when Miss Wes
ley's Hungarian - born mother.
Countess Berthe von Wesley,
wouldn't say today.
MIAMI, Fla., Oct. 3 (/Pi.—You can
expect Bun Bernie, the "old maes
tro," and pretty 26-year-old Doro
thy Wesley of Miami Beach to be
married soon. Just when Miss Wes
ley's Hungarian - born mother.
Countess Berthe von Wesley,
wouldn't say today.
MIAMI, Fla., Oct. 3 (/Pi.—You can
expect Bun Bernie, the "old maes
tro," and pretty 26-year-old Doro
thy Wesley of Miami Beach to be
married soon. Just when Miss Wes
ley's Hungarian - born mother.
Countess Berthe von Wesley,
wouldn't say today.
MIAMI, Fla., Oct. 3 (/Pi.—You can
expect Bun Bernie, the "old maes
tro," and pretty 26-year-old Doro
thy Wesley of Miami Beach to be
married soon. Just when Miss Wes
ley's Hungarian - born mother.
Countess Berthe von Wesley,
wouldn't say today.
MIAMI, Fla., Oct. 3 (/Pi.—You can
expect Bun Bernie, the "old maes
tro," and pretty 26-year-old Doro
thy Wesley of Miami Beach to be
married soon. Just when Miss Wes
ley's Hungarian - born mother.
Countess Berthe von Wesley,
wouldn't say today.
