# "The Die is Cast"
## 
### 

Ilaile Selassie, emperor of Ethiopia, who after months of defensive
preparation at last faces the problem of keeping his country free of
Italian rule. (Associated Press Photo.)

Ilaile Selassie, emperor of Ethiopia, who after months of defensive
preparation at last faces the problem of keeping his country free of
Italian rule. (Associated Press Photo.)

Ilaile Selassie, emperor of Ethiopia, who after months of defensive
preparation at last faces the problem of keeping his country free of
Italian rule. (Associated Press Photo.)

Ilaile Selassie, emperor of Ethiopia, who after months of defensive
preparation at last faces the problem of keeping his country free of
Italian rule. (Associated Press Photo.)

Ilaile Selassie, emperor of Ethiopia, who after months of defensive
preparation at last faces the problem of keeping his country free of
Italian rule. (Associated Press Photo.)

Ilaile Selassie, emperor of Ethiopia, who after months of defensive
preparation at last faces the problem of keeping his country free of
Italian rule. (Associated Press Photo.)

Ilaile Selassie, emperor of Ethiopia, who after months of defensive
preparation at last faces the problem of keeping his country free of
Italian rule. (Associated Press Photo.)

Ilaile Selassie, emperor of Ethiopia, who after months of defensive
preparation at last faces the problem of keeping his country free of
Italian rule. (Associated Press Photo.)

Ilaile Selassie, emperor of Ethiopia, who after months of defensive
preparation at last faces the problem of keeping his country free of
Italian rule. (Associated Press Photo.)

Ilaile Selassie, emperor of Ethiopia, who after months of defensive
preparation at last faces the problem of keeping his country free of
Italian rule. (Associated Press Photo.)

Ilaile Selassie, emperor of Ethiopia, who after months of defensive
preparation at last faces the problem of keeping his country free of
Italian rule. (Associated Press Photo.)

Ilaile Selassie, emperor of Ethiopia, who after months of defensive
preparation at last faces the problem of keeping his country free of
Italian rule. (Associated Press Photo.)

Ilaile Selassie, emperor of Ethiopia, who after months of defensive
preparation at last faces the problem of keeping his country free of
Italian rule. (Associated Press Photo.)

Ilaile Selassie, emperor of Ethiopia, who after months of defensive
preparation at last faces the problem of keeping his country free of
Italian rule. (Associated Press Photo.)

Ilaile Selassie, emperor of Ethiopia, who after months of defensive
preparation at last faces the problem of keeping his country free of
Italian rule. (Associated Press Photo.)
