# Adv. 39 Page 9
## 
### 
RESTAURANT, ENGLISH
PUB Se CELTIC SHOP
Toasted crumpets or a
traditional afternoon tea
by a crackling lire.
LUNCH. DINNER or
g<x>d stout and a
game of darts in our
English Pub.
Then, later, browse in the
CELTIC SHOP, where we
have a fine selection of
Scottish woollens, English
lashions and other imports
from Britain.
Tues.-Sat. 11 am to 11 pm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
RESTAURANT, ENGLISH
PUB Se CELTIC SHOP
Toasted crumpets or a
traditional afternoon tea
by a crackling lire.
LUNCH. DINNER or
g<x>d stout and a
game of darts in our
English Pub.
Then, later, browse in the
CELTIC SHOP, where we
have a fine selection of
Scottish woollens, English
lashions and other imports
from Britain.
Tues.-Sat. 11 am to 11 pm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
RESTAURANT, ENGLISH
PUB Se CELTIC SHOP
Toasted crumpets or a
traditional afternoon tea
by a crackling lire.
LUNCH. DINNER or
g<x>d stout and a
game of darts in our
English Pub.
Then, later, browse in the
CELTIC SHOP, where we
have a fine selection of
Scottish woollens, English
lashions and other imports
from Britain.
Tues.-Sat. 11 am to 11 pm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
RESTAURANT, ENGLISH
PUB Se CELTIC SHOP
Toasted crumpets or a
traditional afternoon tea
by a crackling lire.
LUNCH. DINNER or
g<x>d stout and a
game of darts in our
English Pub.
Then, later, browse in the
CELTIC SHOP, where we
have a fine selection of
Scottish woollens, English
lashions and other imports
from Britain.
Tues.-Sat. 11 am to 11 pm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
RESTAURANT, ENGLISH
PUB Se CELTIC SHOP
Toasted crumpets or a
traditional afternoon tea
by a crackling lire.
LUNCH. DINNER or
g<x>d stout and a
game of darts in our
English Pub.
Then, later, browse in the
CELTIC SHOP, where we
have a fine selection of
Scottish woollens, English
lashions and other imports
from Britain.
Tues.-Sat. 11 am to 11 pm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
RESTAURANT, ENGLISH
PUB Se CELTIC SHOP
Toasted crumpets or a
traditional afternoon tea
by a crackling lire.
LUNCH. DINNER or
g<x>d stout and a
game of darts in our
English Pub.
Then, later, browse in the
CELTIC SHOP, where we
have a fine selection of
Scottish woollens, English
lashions and other imports
from Britain.
Tues.-Sat. 11 am to 11 pm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
RESTAURANT, ENGLISH
PUB Se CELTIC SHOP
Toasted crumpets or a
traditional afternoon tea
by a crackling lire.
LUNCH. DINNER or
g<x>d stout and a
game of darts in our
English Pub.
Then, later, browse in the
CELTIC SHOP, where we
have a fine selection of
Scottish woollens, English
lashions and other imports
from Britain.
Tues.-Sat. 11 am to 11 pm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
RESTAURANT, ENGLISH
PUB Se CELTIC SHOP
Toasted crumpets or a
traditional afternoon tea
by a crackling lire.
LUNCH. DINNER or
g<x>d stout and a
game of darts in our
English Pub.
Then, later, browse in the
CELTIC SHOP, where we
have a fine selection of
Scottish woollens, English
lashions and other imports
from Britain.
Tues.-Sat. 11 am to 11 pm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
