# 'Microfluoroscope'
## 
### 
Physicist Howard 11. Pattee Jr. examines yeast colls under the
'"microflnoroscope," a now kind of X-ray microscope he developed
at the Research Laboratory.

Physicist Howard 11. Pattee Jr. examines yeast colls under the
'"microflnoroscope," a now kind of X-ray microscope he developed
at the Research Laboratory.

Physicist Howard 11. Pattee Jr. examines yeast colls under the
'"microflnoroscope," a now kind of X-ray microscope he developed
at the Research Laboratory.

Physicist Howard 11. Pattee Jr. examines yeast colls under the
'"microflnoroscope," a now kind of X-ray microscope he developed
at the Research Laboratory.

Physicist Howard 11. Pattee Jr. examines yeast colls under the
'"microflnoroscope," a now kind of X-ray microscope he developed
at the Research Laboratory.

Physicist Howard 11. Pattee Jr. examines yeast colls under the
'"microflnoroscope," a now kind of X-ray microscope he developed
at the Research Laboratory.

Physicist Howard 11. Pattee Jr. examines yeast colls under the
'"microflnoroscope," a now kind of X-ray microscope he developed
at the Research Laboratory.

Physicist Howard 11. Pattee Jr. examines yeast colls under the
'"microflnoroscope," a now kind of X-ray microscope he developed
at the Research Laboratory.

Physicist Howard 11. Pattee Jr. examines yeast colls under the
'"microflnoroscope," a now kind of X-ray microscope he developed
at the Research Laboratory.

Physicist Howard 11. Pattee Jr. examines yeast colls under the
'"microflnoroscope," a now kind of X-ray microscope he developed
at the Research Laboratory.

Physicist Howard 11. Pattee Jr. examines yeast colls under the
'"microflnoroscope," a now kind of X-ray microscope he developed
at the Research Laboratory.

Physicist Howard 11. Pattee Jr. examines yeast colls under the
'"microflnoroscope," a now kind of X-ray microscope he developed
at the Research Laboratory.

Physicist Howard 11. Pattee Jr. examines yeast colls under the
'"microflnoroscope," a now kind of X-ray microscope he developed
at the Research Laboratory.

Physicist Howard 11. Pattee Jr. examines yeast colls under the
'"microflnoroscope," a now kind of X-ray microscope he developed
at the Research Laboratory.

Physicist Howard 11. Pattee Jr. examines yeast colls under the
'"microflnoroscope," a now kind of X-ray microscope he developed
at the Research Laboratory.

Physicist Howard 11. Pattee Jr. examines yeast colls under the
'"microflnoroscope," a now kind of X-ray microscope he developed
at the Research Laboratory.

Physicist Howard 11. Pattee Jr. examines yeast colls under the
'"microflnoroscope," a now kind of X-ray microscope he developed
at the Research Laboratory.

