# STUDENT PRODUCTIONS
## 1958 Winter One-Acts To Open Next Week 
### 
Winlcr One - Acts, plays wiit
len* directed and produced by
Stanford students, will be pre
sented in the Little Theater, Feb.
1213. Tickets will be on sale be
ginning Monday at Engineering
Corner, the Cellar and Memorial
Auditorium box office which will
be open from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Phone orders will also be ac
cepted.
"Strawberry Com p o t e." by
Charles Barclay Goldsmith, a
junior majoring in English, is a
comedy about a zookeeper who

thinks ho can talk to animals.
The play is directed by John
Hays, a graduate student in
Speech and Drama, and will fea
ture in the part of George, Pat
Nolan; Henry, Judy Pinson; A 1
ice, Judy Wood; Cactus, W. Ft.
Brunner; Toby, Robert Lehrer;
Milli, Jeannie Rich; Mr. Richard
son, James Barton; Grandmoth
er, Sally Pence; Andrew, Marc
Kohler; and Father, N'oel Turner.
Social Play
''Don't Call Us," written by
William C. West, a graduate stu
dent working on his Ph.D. in
theater, is a social drama set in
lower Manhattan. It will be di
rected by Edward S. Crane, a
senior majoring in radio and tele
vision. The cast will be Mrs.
Zauner. Doris Viola; Julie Per
rini, Celia Howard; Roy Zauner,
Ken Purcell; Harry Perrini, Jack
Nessel.
"Game," written by Timothy
Welch, a senior majoring in his
tory, is an experimental, impres
sionistic drama based on the idea
that life is a game. It is directed
by Richard C. Lamb, a junior ma
joring in theater.
Nature's Child
Appearing as Gay Repartee,
nature's child, is Tim Ward; Rog
er. his brother, Doug Johnson;
Karen Catalyst, the inscrutable
beauty of the piece, Judy Muller;
Sharon Saralike, Mattie Buell;
Freddy, Carl Hillenbrand; the
Program Seller, Lair Parent; the

Cheerleader, John Jordan; the
Umpire, Jim Freiburger; a Sul
try Somebody, Leanne Boceardo;
and guests at the cocktail party.
The production staff consists
of Nancy Whyte, a junior ma
joring in creative writing, as ex
ecutive producer; Susan Stock
bridge, a sophomore in speech
and drama, technical producer;
Noel Turner and Jeannie Rich,
costume designers; Noel Turner
and Susan Stockbridge, set de
signers; and Pat Bowen, light de
signer.
Winlcr One - Acts, plays wiit
len* directed and produced by
Stanford students, will be pre
sented in the Little Theater, Feb.
1213. Tickets will be on sale be
ginning Monday at Engineering
Corner, the Cellar and Memorial
Auditorium box office which will
be open from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Phone orders will also be ac
cepted.
"Strawberry Com p o t e." by
Charles Barclay Goldsmith, a
junior majoring in English, is a
comedy about a zookeeper who

thinks ho can talk to animals.
The play is directed by John
Hays, a graduate student in
Speech and Drama, and will fea
ture in the part of George, Pat
Nolan; Henry, Judy Pinson; A 1
ice, Judy Wood; Cactus, W. Ft.
Brunner; Toby, Robert Lehrer;
Milli, Jeannie Rich; Mr. Richard
son, James Barton; Grandmoth
er, Sally Pence; Andrew, Marc
Kohler; and Father, N'oel Turner.
Social Play
''Don't Call Us," written by
William C. West, a graduate stu
dent working on his Ph.D. in
theater, is a social drama set in
lower Manhattan. It will be di
rected by Edward S. Crane, a
senior majoring in radio and tele
vision. The cast will be Mrs.
Zauner. Doris Viola; Julie Per
rini, Celia Howard; Roy Zauner,
Ken Purcell; Harry Perrini, Jack
Nessel.
"Game," written by Timothy
Welch, a senior majoring in his
tory, is an experimental, impres
sionistic drama based on the idea
that life is a game. It is directed
by Richard C. Lamb, a junior ma
joring in theater.
Nature's Child
Appearing as Gay Repartee,
nature's child, is Tim Ward; Rog
er. his brother, Doug Johnson;
Karen Catalyst, the inscrutable
beauty of the piece, Judy Muller;
Sharon Saralike, Mattie Buell;
Freddy, Carl Hillenbrand; the
Program Seller, Lair Parent; the

Cheerleader, John Jordan; the
Umpire, Jim Freiburger; a Sul
try Somebody, Leanne Boceardo;
and guests at the cocktail party.
The production staff consists
of Nancy Whyte, a junior ma
joring in creative writing, as ex
ecutive producer; Susan Stock
bridge, a sophomore in speech
and drama, technical producer;
Noel Turner and Jeannie Rich,
costume designers; Noel Turner
and Susan Stockbridge, set de
signers; and Pat Bowen, light de
signer.
Winlcr One - Acts, plays wiit
len* directed and produced by
Stanford students, will be pre
sented in the Little Theater, Feb.
1213. Tickets will be on sale be
ginning Monday at Engineering
Corner, the Cellar and Memorial
Auditorium box office which will
be open from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Phone orders will also be ac
cepted.
"Strawberry Com p o t e." by
Charles Barclay Goldsmith, a
junior majoring in English, is a
comedy about a zookeeper who

thinks ho can talk to animals.
The play is directed by John
Hays, a graduate student in
Speech and Drama, and will fea
ture in the part of George, Pat
Nolan; Henry, Judy Pinson; A 1
ice, Judy Wood; Cactus, W. Ft.
Brunner; Toby, Robert Lehrer;
Milli, Jeannie Rich; Mr. Richard
son, James Barton; Grandmoth
er, Sally Pence; Andrew, Marc
Kohler; and Father, N'oel Turner.
Social Play
''Don't Call Us," written by
William C. West, a graduate stu
dent working on his Ph.D. in
theater, is a social drama set in
lower Manhattan. It will be di
rected by Edward S. Crane, a
senior majoring in radio and tele
vision. The cast will be Mrs.
Zauner. Doris Viola; Julie Per
rini, Celia Howard; Roy Zauner,
Ken Purcell; Harry Perrini, Jack
Nessel.
"Game," written by Timothy
Welch, a senior majoring in his
tory, is an experimental, impres
sionistic drama based on the idea
that life is a game. It is directed
by Richard C. Lamb, a junior ma
joring in theater.
Nature's Child
Appearing as Gay Repartee,
nature's child, is Tim Ward; Rog
er. his brother, Doug Johnson;
Karen Catalyst, the inscrutable
beauty of the piece, Judy Muller;
Sharon Saralike, Mattie Buell;
Freddy, Carl Hillenbrand; the
Program Seller, Lair Parent; the

Cheerleader, John Jordan; the
Umpire, Jim Freiburger; a Sul
try Somebody, Leanne Boceardo;
and guests at the cocktail party.
The production staff consists
of Nancy Whyte, a junior ma
joring in creative writing, as ex
ecutive producer; Susan Stock
bridge, a sophomore in speech
and drama, technical producer;
Noel Turner and Jeannie Rich,
costume designers; Noel Turner
and Susan Stockbridge, set de
signers; and Pat Bowen, light de
signer.
Winlcr One - Acts, plays wiit
len* directed and produced by
Stanford students, will be pre
sented in the Little Theater, Feb.
1213. Tickets will be on sale be
ginning Monday at Engineering
Corner, the Cellar and Memorial
Auditorium box office which will
be open from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Phone orders will also be ac
cepted.
"Strawberry Com p o t e." by
Charles Barclay Goldsmith, a
junior majoring in English, is a
comedy about a zookeeper who

thinks ho can talk to animals.
The play is directed by John
Hays, a graduate student in
Speech and Drama, and will fea
ture in the part of George, Pat
Nolan; Henry, Judy Pinson; A 1
ice, Judy Wood; Cactus, W. Ft.
Brunner; Toby, Robert Lehrer;
Milli, Jeannie Rich; Mr. Richard
son, James Barton; Grandmoth
er, Sally Pence; Andrew, Marc
Kohler; and Father, N'oel Turner.
Social Play
''Don't Call Us," written by
William C. West, a graduate stu
dent working on his Ph.D. in
theater, is a social drama set in
lower Manhattan. It will be di
rected by Edward S. Crane, a
senior majoring in radio and tele
vision. The cast will be Mrs.
Zauner. Doris Viola; Julie Per
rini, Celia Howard; Roy Zauner,
Ken Purcell; Harry Perrini, Jack
Nessel.
"Game," written by Timothy
Welch, a senior majoring in his
tory, is an experimental, impres
sionistic drama based on the idea
that life is a game. It is directed
by Richard C. Lamb, a junior ma
joring in theater.
Nature's Child
Appearing as Gay Repartee,
nature's child, is Tim Ward; Rog
er. his brother, Doug Johnson;
Karen Catalyst, the inscrutable
beauty of the piece, Judy Muller;
Sharon Saralike, Mattie Buell;
Freddy, Carl Hillenbrand; the
Program Seller, Lair Parent; the

Cheerleader, John Jordan; the
Umpire, Jim Freiburger; a Sul
try Somebody, Leanne Boceardo;
and guests at the cocktail party.
The production staff consists
of Nancy Whyte, a junior ma
joring in creative writing, as ex
ecutive producer; Susan Stock
bridge, a sophomore in speech
and drama, technical producer;
Noel Turner and Jeannie Rich,
costume designers; Noel Turner
and Susan Stockbridge, set de
signers; and Pat Bowen, light de
signer.
Winlcr One - Acts, plays wiit
len* directed and produced by
Stanford students, will be pre
sented in the Little Theater, Feb.
1213. Tickets will be on sale be
ginning Monday at Engineering
Corner, the Cellar and Memorial
Auditorium box office which will
be open from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Phone orders will also be ac
cepted.
"Strawberry Com p o t e." by
Charles Barclay Goldsmith, a
junior majoring in English, is a
comedy about a zookeeper who

thinks ho can talk to animals.
The play is directed by John
Hays, a graduate student in
Speech and Drama, and will fea
ture in the part of George, Pat
Nolan; Henry, Judy Pinson; A 1
ice, Judy Wood; Cactus, W. Ft.
Brunner; Toby, Robert Lehrer;
Milli, Jeannie Rich; Mr. Richard
son, James Barton; Grandmoth
er, Sally Pence; Andrew, Marc
Kohler; and Father, N'oel Turner.
Social Play
''Don't Call Us," written by
William C. West, a graduate stu
dent working on his Ph.D. in
theater, is a social drama set in
lower Manhattan. It will be di
rected by Edward S. Crane, a
senior majoring in radio and tele
vision. The cast will be Mrs.
Zauner. Doris Viola; Julie Per
rini, Celia Howard; Roy Zauner,
Ken Purcell; Harry Perrini, Jack
Nessel.
"Game," written by Timothy
Welch, a senior majoring in his
tory, is an experimental, impres
sionistic drama based on the idea
that life is a game. It is directed
by Richard C. Lamb, a junior ma
joring in theater.
Nature's Child
Appearing as Gay Repartee,
nature's child, is Tim Ward; Rog
er. his brother, Doug Johnson;
Karen Catalyst, the inscrutable
beauty of the piece, Judy Muller;
Sharon Saralike, Mattie Buell;
Freddy, Carl Hillenbrand; the
Program Seller, Lair Parent; the

Cheerleader, John Jordan; the
Umpire, Jim Freiburger; a Sul
try Somebody, Leanne Boceardo;
and guests at the cocktail party.
The production staff consists
of Nancy Whyte, a junior ma
joring in creative writing, as ex
ecutive producer; Susan Stock
bridge, a sophomore in speech
and drama, technical producer;
Noel Turner and Jeannie Rich,
costume designers; Noel Turner
and Susan Stockbridge, set de
signers; and Pat Bowen, light de
signer.
Winlcr One - Acts, plays wiit
len* directed and produced by
Stanford students, will be pre
sented in the Little Theater, Feb.
1213. Tickets will be on sale be
ginning Monday at Engineering
Corner, the Cellar and Memorial
Auditorium box office which will
be open from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Phone orders will also be ac
cepted.
"Strawberry Com p o t e." by
Charles Barclay Goldsmith, a
junior majoring in English, is a
comedy about a zookeeper who

thinks ho can talk to animals.
The play is directed by John
Hays, a graduate student in
Speech and Drama, and will fea
ture in the part of George, Pat
Nolan; Henry, Judy Pinson; A 1
ice, Judy Wood; Cactus, W. Ft.
Brunner; Toby, Robert Lehrer;
Milli, Jeannie Rich; Mr. Richard
son, James Barton; Grandmoth
er, Sally Pence; Andrew, Marc
Kohler; and Father, N'oel Turner.
Social Play
''Don't Call Us," written by
William C. West, a graduate stu
dent working on his Ph.D. in
theater, is a social drama set in
lower Manhattan. It will be di
rected by Edward S. Crane, a
senior majoring in radio and tele
vision. The cast will be Mrs.
Zauner. Doris Viola; Julie Per
rini, Celia Howard; Roy Zauner,
Ken Purcell; Harry Perrini, Jack
Nessel.
"Game," written by Timothy
Welch, a senior majoring in his
tory, is an experimental, impres
sionistic drama based on the idea
that life is a game. It is directed
by Richard C. Lamb, a junior ma
joring in theater.
Nature's Child
Appearing as Gay Repartee,
nature's child, is Tim Ward; Rog
er. his brother, Doug Johnson;
Karen Catalyst, the inscrutable
beauty of the piece, Judy Muller;
Sharon Saralike, Mattie Buell;
Freddy, Carl Hillenbrand; the
Program Seller, Lair Parent; the

Cheerleader, John Jordan; the
Umpire, Jim Freiburger; a Sul
try Somebody, Leanne Boceardo;
and guests at the cocktail party.
The production staff consists
of Nancy Whyte, a junior ma
joring in creative writing, as ex
ecutive producer; Susan Stock
bridge, a sophomore in speech
and drama, technical producer;
Noel Turner and Jeannie Rich,
costume designers; Noel Turner
and Susan Stockbridge, set de
signers; and Pat Bowen, light de
signer.
Winlcr One - Acts, plays wiit
len* directed and produced by
Stanford students, will be pre
sented in the Little Theater, Feb.
1213. Tickets will be on sale be
ginning Monday at Engineering
Corner, the Cellar and Memorial
Auditorium box office which will
be open from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Phone orders will also be ac
cepted.
"Strawberry Com p o t e." by
Charles Barclay Goldsmith, a
junior majoring in English, is a
comedy about a zookeeper who

thinks ho can talk to animals.
The play is directed by John
Hays, a graduate student in
Speech and Drama, and will fea
ture in the part of George, Pat
Nolan; Henry, Judy Pinson; A 1
ice, Judy Wood; Cactus, W. Ft.
Brunner; Toby, Robert Lehrer;
Milli, Jeannie Rich; Mr. Richard
son, James Barton; Grandmoth
er, Sally Pence; Andrew, Marc
Kohler; and Father, N'oel Turner.
Social Play
''Don't Call Us," written by
William C. West, a graduate stu
dent working on his Ph.D. in
theater, is a social drama set in
lower Manhattan. It will be di
rected by Edward S. Crane, a
senior majoring in radio and tele
vision. The cast will be Mrs.
Zauner. Doris Viola; Julie Per
rini, Celia Howard; Roy Zauner,
Ken Purcell; Harry Perrini, Jack
Nessel.
"Game," written by Timothy
Welch, a senior majoring in his
tory, is an experimental, impres
sionistic drama based on the idea
that life is a game. It is directed
by Richard C. Lamb, a junior ma
joring in theater.
Nature's Child
Appearing as Gay Repartee,
nature's child, is Tim Ward; Rog
er. his brother, Doug Johnson;
Karen Catalyst, the inscrutable
beauty of the piece, Judy Muller;
Sharon Saralike, Mattie Buell;
Freddy, Carl Hillenbrand; the
Program Seller, Lair Parent; the

Cheerleader, John Jordan; the
Umpire, Jim Freiburger; a Sul
try Somebody, Leanne Boceardo;
and guests at the cocktail party.
The production staff consists
of Nancy Whyte, a junior ma
joring in creative writing, as ex
ecutive producer; Susan Stock
bridge, a sophomore in speech
and drama, technical producer;
Noel Turner and Jeannie Rich,
costume designers; Noel Turner
and Susan Stockbridge, set de
signers; and Pat Bowen, light de
signer.
Winlcr One - Acts, plays wiit
len* directed and produced by
Stanford students, will be pre
sented in the Little Theater, Feb.
1213. Tickets will be on sale be
ginning Monday at Engineering
Corner, the Cellar and Memorial
Auditorium box office which will
be open from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Phone orders will also be ac
cepted.
"Strawberry Com p o t e." by
Charles Barclay Goldsmith, a
junior majoring in English, is a
comedy about a zookeeper who

thinks ho can talk to animals.
The play is directed by John
Hays, a graduate student in
Speech and Drama, and will fea
ture in the part of George, Pat
Nolan; Henry, Judy Pinson; A 1
ice, Judy Wood; Cactus, W. Ft.
Brunner; Toby, Robert Lehrer;
Milli, Jeannie Rich; Mr. Richard
son, James Barton; Grandmoth
er, Sally Pence; Andrew, Marc
Kohler; and Father, N'oel Turner.
Social Play
''Don't Call Us," written by
William C. West, a graduate stu
dent working on his Ph.D. in
theater, is a social drama set in
lower Manhattan. It will be di
rected by Edward S. Crane, a
senior majoring in radio and tele
vision. The cast will be Mrs.
Zauner. Doris Viola; Julie Per
rini, Celia Howard; Roy Zauner,
Ken Purcell; Harry Perrini, Jack
Nessel.
"Game," written by Timothy
Welch, a senior majoring in his
tory, is an experimental, impres
sionistic drama based on the idea
that life is a game. It is directed
by Richard C. Lamb, a junior ma
joring in theater.
Nature's Child
Appearing as Gay Repartee,
nature's child, is Tim Ward; Rog
er. his brother, Doug Johnson;
Karen Catalyst, the inscrutable
beauty of the piece, Judy Muller;
Sharon Saralike, Mattie Buell;
Freddy, Carl Hillenbrand; the
Program Seller, Lair Parent; the

Cheerleader, John Jordan; the
Umpire, Jim Freiburger; a Sul
try Somebody, Leanne Boceardo;
and guests at the cocktail party.
The production staff consists
of Nancy Whyte, a junior ma
joring in creative writing, as ex
ecutive producer; Susan Stock
bridge, a sophomore in speech
and drama, technical producer;
Noel Turner and Jeannie Rich,
costume designers; Noel Turner
and Susan Stockbridge, set de
signers; and Pat Bowen, light de
signer.
Winlcr One - Acts, plays wiit
len* directed and produced by
Stanford students, will be pre
sented in the Little Theater, Feb.
1213. Tickets will be on sale be
ginning Monday at Engineering
Corner, the Cellar and Memorial
Auditorium box office which will
be open from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Phone orders will also be ac
cepted.
"Strawberry Com p o t e." by
Charles Barclay Goldsmith, a
junior majoring in English, is a
comedy about a zookeeper who

thinks ho can talk to animals.
The play is directed by John
Hays, a graduate student in
Speech and Drama, and will fea
ture in the part of George, Pat
Nolan; Henry, Judy Pinson; A 1
ice, Judy Wood; Cactus, W. Ft.
Brunner; Toby, Robert Lehrer;
Milli, Jeannie Rich; Mr. Richard
son, James Barton; Grandmoth
er, Sally Pence; Andrew, Marc
Kohler; and Father, N'oel Turner.
Social Play
''Don't Call Us," written by
William C. West, a graduate stu
dent working on his Ph.D. in
theater, is a social drama set in
lower Manhattan. It will be di
rected by Edward S. Crane, a
senior majoring in radio and tele
vision. The cast will be Mrs.
Zauner. Doris Viola; Julie Per
rini, Celia Howard; Roy Zauner,
Ken Purcell; Harry Perrini, Jack
Nessel.
"Game," written by Timothy
Welch, a senior majoring in his
tory, is an experimental, impres
sionistic drama based on the idea
that life is a game. It is directed
by Richard C. Lamb, a junior ma
joring in theater.
Nature's Child
Appearing as Gay Repartee,
nature's child, is Tim Ward; Rog
er. his brother, Doug Johnson;
Karen Catalyst, the inscrutable
beauty of the piece, Judy Muller;
Sharon Saralike, Mattie Buell;
Freddy, Carl Hillenbrand; the
Program Seller, Lair Parent; the

Cheerleader, John Jordan; the
Umpire, Jim Freiburger; a Sul
try Somebody, Leanne Boceardo;
and guests at the cocktail party.
The production staff consists
of Nancy Whyte, a junior ma
joring in creative writing, as ex
ecutive producer; Susan Stock
bridge, a sophomore in speech
and drama, technical producer;
Noel Turner and Jeannie Rich,
costume designers; Noel Turner
and Susan Stockbridge, set de
signers; and Pat Bowen, light de
signer.
Winlcr One - Acts, plays wiit
len* directed and produced by
Stanford students, will be pre
sented in the Little Theater, Feb.
1213. Tickets will be on sale be
ginning Monday at Engineering
Corner, the Cellar and Memorial
Auditorium box office which will
be open from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Phone orders will also be ac
cepted.
"Strawberry Com p o t e." by
Charles Barclay Goldsmith, a
junior majoring in English, is a
comedy about a zookeeper who

thinks ho can talk to animals.
The play is directed by John
Hays, a graduate student in
Speech and Drama, and will fea
ture in the part of George, Pat
Nolan; Henry, Judy Pinson; A 1
ice, Judy Wood; Cactus, W. Ft.
Brunner; Toby, Robert Lehrer;
Milli, Jeannie Rich; Mr. Richard
son, James Barton; Grandmoth
er, Sally Pence; Andrew, Marc
Kohler; and Father, N'oel Turner.
Social Play
''Don't Call Us," written by
William C. West, a graduate stu
dent working on his Ph.D. in
theater, is a social drama set in
lower Manhattan. It will be di
rected by Edward S. Crane, a
senior majoring in radio and tele
vision. The cast will be Mrs.
Zauner. Doris Viola; Julie Per
rini, Celia Howard; Roy Zauner,
Ken Purcell; Harry Perrini, Jack
Nessel.
"Game," written by Timothy
Welch, a senior majoring in his
tory, is an experimental, impres
sionistic drama based on the idea
that life is a game. It is directed
by Richard C. Lamb, a junior ma
joring in theater.
Nature's Child
Appearing as Gay Repartee,
nature's child, is Tim Ward; Rog
er. his brother, Doug Johnson;
Karen Catalyst, the inscrutable
beauty of the piece, Judy Muller;
Sharon Saralike, Mattie Buell;
Freddy, Carl Hillenbrand; the
Program Seller, Lair Parent; the

Cheerleader, John Jordan; the
Umpire, Jim Freiburger; a Sul
try Somebody, Leanne Boceardo;
and guests at the cocktail party.
The production staff consists
of Nancy Whyte, a junior ma
joring in creative writing, as ex
ecutive producer; Susan Stock
bridge, a sophomore in speech
and drama, technical producer;
Noel Turner and Jeannie Rich,
costume designers; Noel Turner
and Susan Stockbridge, set de
signers; and Pat Bowen, light de
signer.
Winlcr One - Acts, plays wiit
len* directed and produced by
Stanford students, will be pre
sented in the Little Theater, Feb.
1213. Tickets will be on sale be
ginning Monday at Engineering
Corner, the Cellar and Memorial
Auditorium box office which will
be open from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Phone orders will also be ac
cepted.
"Strawberry Com p o t e." by
Charles Barclay Goldsmith, a
junior majoring in English, is a
comedy about a zookeeper who

thinks ho can talk to animals.
The play is directed by John
Hays, a graduate student in
Speech and Drama, and will fea
ture in the part of George, Pat
Nolan; Henry, Judy Pinson; A 1
ice, Judy Wood; Cactus, W. Ft.
Brunner; Toby, Robert Lehrer;
Milli, Jeannie Rich; Mr. Richard
son, James Barton; Grandmoth
er, Sally Pence; Andrew, Marc
Kohler; and Father, N'oel Turner.
Social Play
''Don't Call Us," written by
William C. West, a graduate stu
dent working on his Ph.D. in
theater, is a social drama set in
lower Manhattan. It will be di
rected by Edward S. Crane, a
senior majoring in radio and tele
vision. The cast will be Mrs.
Zauner. Doris Viola; Julie Per
rini, Celia Howard; Roy Zauner,
Ken Purcell; Harry Perrini, Jack
Nessel.
"Game," written by Timothy
Welch, a senior majoring in his
tory, is an experimental, impres
sionistic drama based on the idea
that life is a game. It is directed
by Richard C. Lamb, a junior ma
joring in theater.
Nature's Child
Appearing as Gay Repartee,
nature's child, is Tim Ward; Rog
er. his brother, Doug Johnson;
Karen Catalyst, the inscrutable
beauty of the piece, Judy Muller;
Sharon Saralike, Mattie Buell;
Freddy, Carl Hillenbrand; the
Program Seller, Lair Parent; the

Cheerleader, John Jordan; the
Umpire, Jim Freiburger; a Sul
try Somebody, Leanne Boceardo;
and guests at the cocktail party.
The production staff consists
of Nancy Whyte, a junior ma
joring in creative writing, as ex
ecutive producer; Susan Stock
bridge, a sophomore in speech
and drama, technical producer;
Noel Turner and Jeannie Rich,
costume designers; Noel Turner
and Susan Stockbridge, set de
signers; and Pat Bowen, light de
signer.
Winlcr One - Acts, plays wiit
len* directed and produced by
Stanford students, will be pre
sented in the Little Theater, Feb.
1213. Tickets will be on sale be
ginning Monday at Engineering
Corner, the Cellar and Memorial
Auditorium box office which will
be open from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Phone orders will also be ac
cepted.
"Strawberry Com p o t e." by
Charles Barclay Goldsmith, a
junior majoring in English, is a
comedy about a zookeeper who

thinks ho can talk to animals.
The play is directed by John
Hays, a graduate student in
Speech and Drama, and will fea
ture in the part of George, Pat
Nolan; Henry, Judy Pinson; A 1
ice, Judy Wood; Cactus, W. Ft.
Brunner; Toby, Robert Lehrer;
Milli, Jeannie Rich; Mr. Richard
son, James Barton; Grandmoth
er, Sally Pence; Andrew, Marc
Kohler; and Father, N'oel Turner.
Social Play
''Don't Call Us," written by
William C. West, a graduate stu
dent working on his Ph.D. in
theater, is a social drama set in
lower Manhattan. It will be di
rected by Edward S. Crane, a
senior majoring in radio and tele
vision. The cast will be Mrs.
Zauner. Doris Viola; Julie Per
rini, Celia Howard; Roy Zauner,
Ken Purcell; Harry Perrini, Jack
Nessel.
"Game," written by Timothy
Welch, a senior majoring in his
tory, is an experimental, impres
sionistic drama based on the idea
that life is a game. It is directed
by Richard C. Lamb, a junior ma
joring in theater.
Nature's Child
Appearing as Gay Repartee,
nature's child, is Tim Ward; Rog
er. his brother, Doug Johnson;
Karen Catalyst, the inscrutable
beauty of the piece, Judy Muller;
Sharon Saralike, Mattie Buell;
Freddy, Carl Hillenbrand; the
Program Seller, Lair Parent; the

Cheerleader, John Jordan; the
Umpire, Jim Freiburger; a Sul
try Somebody, Leanne Boceardo;
and guests at the cocktail party.
The production staff consists
of Nancy Whyte, a junior ma
joring in creative writing, as ex
ecutive producer; Susan Stock
bridge, a sophomore in speech
and drama, technical producer;
Noel Turner and Jeannie Rich,
costume designers; Noel Turner
and Susan Stockbridge, set de
signers; and Pat Bowen, light de
signer.
Winlcr One - Acts, plays wiit
len* directed and produced by
Stanford students, will be pre
sented in the Little Theater, Feb.
1213. Tickets will be on sale be
ginning Monday at Engineering
Corner, the Cellar and Memorial
Auditorium box office which will
be open from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Phone orders will also be ac
cepted.
"Strawberry Com p o t e." by
Charles Barclay Goldsmith, a
junior majoring in English, is a
comedy about a zookeeper who

thinks ho can talk to animals.
The play is directed by John
Hays, a graduate student in
Speech and Drama, and will fea
ture in the part of George, Pat
Nolan; Henry, Judy Pinson; A 1
ice, Judy Wood; Cactus, W. Ft.
Brunner; Toby, Robert Lehrer;
Milli, Jeannie Rich; Mr. Richard
son, James Barton; Grandmoth
er, Sally Pence; Andrew, Marc
Kohler; and Father, N'oel Turner.
Social Play
''Don't Call Us," written by
William C. West, a graduate stu
dent working on his Ph.D. in
theater, is a social drama set in
lower Manhattan. It will be di
rected by Edward S. Crane, a
senior majoring in radio and tele
vision. The cast will be Mrs.
Zauner. Doris Viola; Julie Per
rini, Celia Howard; Roy Zauner,
Ken Purcell; Harry Perrini, Jack
Nessel.
"Game," written by Timothy
Welch, a senior majoring in his
tory, is an experimental, impres
sionistic drama based on the idea
that life is a game. It is directed
by Richard C. Lamb, a junior ma
joring in theater.
Nature's Child
Appearing as Gay Repartee,
nature's child, is Tim Ward; Rog
er. his brother, Doug Johnson;
Karen Catalyst, the inscrutable
beauty of the piece, Judy Muller;
Sharon Saralike, Mattie Buell;
Freddy, Carl Hillenbrand; the
Program Seller, Lair Parent; the

Cheerleader, John Jordan; the
Umpire, Jim Freiburger; a Sul
try Somebody, Leanne Boceardo;
and guests at the cocktail party.
The production staff consists
of Nancy Whyte, a junior ma
joring in creative writing, as ex
ecutive producer; Susan Stock
bridge, a sophomore in speech
and drama, technical producer;
Noel Turner and Jeannie Rich,
costume designers; Noel Turner
and Susan Stockbridge, set de
signers; and Pat Bowen, light de
signer.
Winlcr One - Acts, plays wiit
len* directed and produced by
Stanford students, will be pre
sented in the Little Theater, Feb.
1213. Tickets will be on sale be
ginning Monday at Engineering
Corner, the Cellar and Memorial
Auditorium box office which will
be open from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Phone orders will also be ac
cepted.
"Strawberry Com p o t e." by
Charles Barclay Goldsmith, a
junior majoring in English, is a
comedy about a zookeeper who

thinks ho can talk to animals.
The play is directed by John
Hays, a graduate student in
Speech and Drama, and will fea
ture in the part of George, Pat
Nolan; Henry, Judy Pinson; A 1
ice, Judy Wood; Cactus, W. Ft.
Brunner; Toby, Robert Lehrer;
Milli, Jeannie Rich; Mr. Richard
son, James Barton; Grandmoth
er, Sally Pence; Andrew, Marc
Kohler; and Father, N'oel Turner.
Social Play
''Don't Call Us," written by
William C. West, a graduate stu
dent working on his Ph.D. in
theater, is a social drama set in
lower Manhattan. It will be di
rected by Edward S. Crane, a
senior majoring in radio and tele
vision. The cast will be Mrs.
Zauner. Doris Viola; Julie Per
rini, Celia Howard; Roy Zauner,
Ken Purcell; Harry Perrini, Jack
Nessel.
"Game," written by Timothy
Welch, a senior majoring in his
tory, is an experimental, impres
sionistic drama based on the idea
that life is a game. It is directed
by Richard C. Lamb, a junior ma
joring in theater.
Nature's Child
Appearing as Gay Repartee,
nature's child, is Tim Ward; Rog
er. his brother, Doug Johnson;
Karen Catalyst, the inscrutable
beauty of the piece, Judy Muller;
Sharon Saralike, Mattie Buell;
Freddy, Carl Hillenbrand; the
Program Seller, Lair Parent; the

Cheerleader, John Jordan; the
Umpire, Jim Freiburger; a Sul
try Somebody, Leanne Boceardo;
and guests at the cocktail party.
The production staff consists
of Nancy Whyte, a junior ma
joring in creative writing, as ex
ecutive producer; Susan Stock
bridge, a sophomore in speech
and drama, technical producer;
Noel Turner and Jeannie Rich,
costume designers; Noel Turner
and Susan Stockbridge, set de
signers; and Pat Bowen, light de
signer.
Winlcr One - Acts, plays wiit
len* directed and produced by
Stanford students, will be pre
sented in the Little Theater, Feb.
1213. Tickets will be on sale be
ginning Monday at Engineering
Corner, the Cellar and Memorial
Auditorium box office which will
be open from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Phone orders will also be ac
cepted.
"Strawberry Com p o t e." by
Charles Barclay Goldsmith, a
junior majoring in English, is a
comedy about a zookeeper who

thinks ho can talk to animals.
The play is directed by John
Hays, a graduate student in
Speech and Drama, and will fea
ture in the part of George, Pat
Nolan; Henry, Judy Pinson; A 1
ice, Judy Wood; Cactus, W. Ft.
Brunner; Toby, Robert Lehrer;
Milli, Jeannie Rich; Mr. Richard
son, James Barton; Grandmoth
er, Sally Pence; Andrew, Marc
Kohler; and Father, N'oel Turner.
Social Play
''Don't Call Us," written by
William C. West, a graduate stu
dent working on his Ph.D. in
theater, is a social drama set in
lower Manhattan. It will be di
rected by Edward S. Crane, a
senior majoring in radio and tele
vision. The cast will be Mrs.
Zauner. Doris Viola; Julie Per
rini, Celia Howard; Roy Zauner,
Ken Purcell; Harry Perrini, Jack
Nessel.
"Game," written by Timothy
Welch, a senior majoring in his
tory, is an experimental, impres
sionistic drama based on the idea
that life is a game. It is directed
by Richard C. Lamb, a junior ma
joring in theater.
Nature's Child
Appearing as Gay Repartee,
nature's child, is Tim Ward; Rog
er. his brother, Doug Johnson;
Karen Catalyst, the inscrutable
beauty of the piece, Judy Muller;
Sharon Saralike, Mattie Buell;
Freddy, Carl Hillenbrand; the
Program Seller, Lair Parent; the

Cheerleader, John Jordan; the
Umpire, Jim Freiburger; a Sul
try Somebody, Leanne Boceardo;
and guests at the cocktail party.
The production staff consists
of Nancy Whyte, a junior ma
joring in creative writing, as ex
ecutive producer; Susan Stock
bridge, a sophomore in speech
and drama, technical producer;
Noel Turner and Jeannie Rich,
costume designers; Noel Turner
and Susan Stockbridge, set de
signers; and Pat Bowen, light de
signer.
Winlcr One - Acts, plays wiit
len* directed and produced by
Stanford students, will be pre
sented in the Little Theater, Feb.
1213. Tickets will be on sale be
ginning Monday at Engineering
Corner, the Cellar and Memorial
Auditorium box office which will
be open from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Phone orders will also be ac
cepted.
"Strawberry Com p o t e." by
Charles Barclay Goldsmith, a
junior majoring in English, is a
comedy about a zookeeper who

thinks ho can talk to animals.
The play is directed by John
Hays, a graduate student in
Speech and Drama, and will fea
ture in the part of George, Pat
Nolan; Henry, Judy Pinson; A 1
ice, Judy Wood; Cactus, W. Ft.
Brunner; Toby, Robert Lehrer;
Milli, Jeannie Rich; Mr. Richard
son, James Barton; Grandmoth
er, Sally Pence; Andrew, Marc
Kohler; and Father, N'oel Turner.
Social Play
''Don't Call Us," written by
William C. West, a graduate stu
dent working on his Ph.D. in
theater, is a social drama set in
lower Manhattan. It will be di
rected by Edward S. Crane, a
senior majoring in radio and tele
vision. The cast will be Mrs.
Zauner. Doris Viola; Julie Per
rini, Celia Howard; Roy Zauner,
Ken Purcell; Harry Perrini, Jack
Nessel.
"Game," written by Timothy
Welch, a senior majoring in his
tory, is an experimental, impres
sionistic drama based on the idea
that life is a game. It is directed
by Richard C. Lamb, a junior ma
joring in theater.
Nature's Child
Appearing as Gay Repartee,
nature's child, is Tim Ward; Rog
er. his brother, Doug Johnson;
Karen Catalyst, the inscrutable
beauty of the piece, Judy Muller;
Sharon Saralike, Mattie Buell;
Freddy, Carl Hillenbrand; the
Program Seller, Lair Parent; the

Cheerleader, John Jordan; the
Umpire, Jim Freiburger; a Sul
try Somebody, Leanne Boceardo;
and guests at the cocktail party.
The production staff consists
of Nancy Whyte, a junior ma
joring in creative writing, as ex
ecutive producer; Susan Stock
bridge, a sophomore in speech
and drama, technical producer;
Noel Turner and Jeannie Rich,
costume designers; Noel Turner
and Susan Stockbridge, set de
signers; and Pat Bowen, light de
signer.
Winlcr One - Acts, plays wiit
len* directed and produced by
Stanford students, will be pre
sented in the Little Theater, Feb.
1213. Tickets will be on sale be
ginning Monday at Engineering
Corner, the Cellar and Memorial
Auditorium box office which will
be open from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Phone orders will also be ac
cepted.
"Strawberry Com p o t e." by
Charles Barclay Goldsmith, a
junior majoring in English, is a
comedy about a zookeeper who

thinks ho can talk to animals.
The play is directed by John
Hays, a graduate student in
Speech and Drama, and will fea
ture in the part of George, Pat
Nolan; Henry, Judy Pinson; A 1
ice, Judy Wood; Cactus, W. Ft.
Brunner; Toby, Robert Lehrer;
Milli, Jeannie Rich; Mr. Richard
son, James Barton; Grandmoth
er, Sally Pence; Andrew, Marc
Kohler; and Father, N'oel Turner.
Social Play
''Don't Call Us," written by
William C. West, a graduate stu
dent working on his Ph.D. in
theater, is a social drama set in
lower Manhattan. It will be di
rected by Edward S. Crane, a
senior majoring in radio and tele
vision. The cast will be Mrs.
Zauner. Doris Viola; Julie Per
rini, Celia Howard; Roy Zauner,
Ken Purcell; Harry Perrini, Jack
Nessel.
"Game," written by Timothy
Welch, a senior majoring in his
tory, is an experimental, impres
sionistic drama based on the idea
that life is a game. It is directed
by Richard C. Lamb, a junior ma
joring in theater.
Nature's Child
Appearing as Gay Repartee,
nature's child, is Tim Ward; Rog
er. his brother, Doug Johnson;
Karen Catalyst, the inscrutable
beauty of the piece, Judy Muller;
Sharon Saralike, Mattie Buell;
Freddy, Carl Hillenbrand; the
Program Seller, Lair Parent; the

Cheerleader, John Jordan; the
Umpire, Jim Freiburger; a Sul
try Somebody, Leanne Boceardo;
and guests at the cocktail party.
The production staff consists
of Nancy Whyte, a junior ma
joring in creative writing, as ex
ecutive producer; Susan Stock
bridge, a sophomore in speech
and drama, technical producer;
Noel Turner and Jeannie Rich,
costume designers; Noel Turner
and Susan Stockbridge, set de
signers; and Pat Bowen, light de
signer.
