# A 						Phi 0 Installs Officers Tonight
## 
### 
An Alpha Phi Omega dinner
dance, in honor of the pledge
class, will ho held at 7:30 tonight
at tlic Live Oaks Inn, Los Gatos.
The service fraternity's now
officers will be installed. They
are John Ball, president; Paid
Thiess, first vice-president; Jim
Bclda, second vieo • president;
Steve Anderson, recording secre
tary; Doug Smith, corresponding
secretary; Larry O'Rourke, treas
urer; Kirk Givan, historian; and
Mike Practorius, sergeant • at -
arms.
An Alpha Phi Omega dinner
dance, in honor of the pledge
class, will ho held at 7:30 tonight
at tlic Live Oaks Inn, Los Gatos.
The service fraternity's now
officers will be installed. They
are John Ball, president; Paid
Thiess, first vice-president; Jim
Bclda, second vieo • president;
Steve Anderson, recording secre
tary; Doug Smith, corresponding
secretary; Larry O'Rourke, treas
urer; Kirk Givan, historian; and
Mike Practorius, sergeant • at -
arms.
An Alpha Phi Omega dinner
dance, in honor of the pledge
class, will ho held at 7:30 tonight
at tlic Live Oaks Inn, Los Gatos.
The service fraternity's now
officers will be installed. They
are John Ball, president; Paid
Thiess, first vice-president; Jim
Bclda, second vieo • president;
Steve Anderson, recording secre
tary; Doug Smith, corresponding
secretary; Larry O'Rourke, treas
urer; Kirk Givan, historian; and
Mike Practorius, sergeant • at -
arms.
An Alpha Phi Omega dinner
dance, in honor of the pledge
class, will ho held at 7:30 tonight
at tlic Live Oaks Inn, Los Gatos.
The service fraternity's now
officers will be installed. They
are John Ball, president; Paid
Thiess, first vice-president; Jim
Bclda, second vieo • president;
Steve Anderson, recording secre
tary; Doug Smith, corresponding
secretary; Larry O'Rourke, treas
urer; Kirk Givan, historian; and
Mike Practorius, sergeant • at -
arms.
An Alpha Phi Omega dinner
dance, in honor of the pledge
class, will ho held at 7:30 tonight
at tlic Live Oaks Inn, Los Gatos.
The service fraternity's now
officers will be installed. They
are John Ball, president; Paid
Thiess, first vice-president; Jim
Bclda, second vieo • president;
Steve Anderson, recording secre
tary; Doug Smith, corresponding
secretary; Larry O'Rourke, treas
urer; Kirk Givan, historian; and
Mike Practorius, sergeant • at -
arms.
An Alpha Phi Omega dinner
dance, in honor of the pledge
class, will ho held at 7:30 tonight
at tlic Live Oaks Inn, Los Gatos.
The service fraternity's now
officers will be installed. They
are John Ball, president; Paid
Thiess, first vice-president; Jim
Bclda, second vieo • president;
Steve Anderson, recording secre
tary; Doug Smith, corresponding
secretary; Larry O'Rourke, treas
urer; Kirk Givan, historian; and
Mike Practorius, sergeant • at -
arms.
An Alpha Phi Omega dinner
dance, in honor of the pledge
class, will ho held at 7:30 tonight
at tlic Live Oaks Inn, Los Gatos.
The service fraternity's now
officers will be installed. They
are John Ball, president; Paid
Thiess, first vice-president; Jim
Bclda, second vieo • president;
Steve Anderson, recording secre
tary; Doug Smith, corresponding
secretary; Larry O'Rourke, treas
urer; Kirk Givan, historian; and
Mike Practorius, sergeant • at -
arms.
An Alpha Phi Omega dinner
dance, in honor of the pledge
class, will ho held at 7:30 tonight
at tlic Live Oaks Inn, Los Gatos.
The service fraternity's now
officers will be installed. They
are John Ball, president; Paid
Thiess, first vice-president; Jim
Bclda, second vieo • president;
Steve Anderson, recording secre
tary; Doug Smith, corresponding
secretary; Larry O'Rourke, treas
urer; Kirk Givan, historian; and
Mike Practorius, sergeant • at -
arms.
An Alpha Phi Omega dinner
dance, in honor of the pledge
class, will ho held at 7:30 tonight
at tlic Live Oaks Inn, Los Gatos.
The service fraternity's now
officers will be installed. They
are John Ball, president; Paid
Thiess, first vice-president; Jim
Bclda, second vieo • president;
Steve Anderson, recording secre
tary; Doug Smith, corresponding
secretary; Larry O'Rourke, treas
urer; Kirk Givan, historian; and
Mike Practorius, sergeant • at -
arms.
An Alpha Phi Omega dinner
dance, in honor of the pledge
class, will ho held at 7:30 tonight
at tlic Live Oaks Inn, Los Gatos.
The service fraternity's now
officers will be installed. They
are John Ball, president; Paid
Thiess, first vice-president; Jim
Bclda, second vieo • president;
Steve Anderson, recording secre
tary; Doug Smith, corresponding
secretary; Larry O'Rourke, treas
urer; Kirk Givan, historian; and
Mike Practorius, sergeant • at -
arms.
An Alpha Phi Omega dinner
dance, in honor of the pledge
class, will ho held at 7:30 tonight
at tlic Live Oaks Inn, Los Gatos.
The service fraternity's now
officers will be installed. They
are John Ball, president; Paid
Thiess, first vice-president; Jim
Bclda, second vieo • president;
Steve Anderson, recording secre
tary; Doug Smith, corresponding
secretary; Larry O'Rourke, treas
urer; Kirk Givan, historian; and
Mike Practorius, sergeant • at -
arms.
An Alpha Phi Omega dinner
dance, in honor of the pledge
class, will ho held at 7:30 tonight
at tlic Live Oaks Inn, Los Gatos.
The service fraternity's now
officers will be installed. They
are John Ball, president; Paid
Thiess, first vice-president; Jim
Bclda, second vieo • president;
Steve Anderson, recording secre
tary; Doug Smith, corresponding
secretary; Larry O'Rourke, treas
urer; Kirk Givan, historian; and
Mike Practorius, sergeant • at -
arms.
An Alpha Phi Omega dinner
dance, in honor of the pledge
class, will ho held at 7:30 tonight
at tlic Live Oaks Inn, Los Gatos.
The service fraternity's now
officers will be installed. They
are John Ball, president; Paid
Thiess, first vice-president; Jim
Bclda, second vieo • president;
Steve Anderson, recording secre
tary; Doug Smith, corresponding
secretary; Larry O'Rourke, treas
urer; Kirk Givan, historian; and
Mike Practorius, sergeant • at -
arms.
An Alpha Phi Omega dinner
dance, in honor of the pledge
class, will ho held at 7:30 tonight
at tlic Live Oaks Inn, Los Gatos.
The service fraternity's now
officers will be installed. They
are John Ball, president; Paid
Thiess, first vice-president; Jim
Bclda, second vieo • president;
Steve Anderson, recording secre
tary; Doug Smith, corresponding
secretary; Larry O'Rourke, treas
urer; Kirk Givan, historian; and
Mike Practorius, sergeant • at -
arms.
An Alpha Phi Omega dinner
dance, in honor of the pledge
class, will ho held at 7:30 tonight
at tlic Live Oaks Inn, Los Gatos.
The service fraternity's now
officers will be installed. They
are John Ball, president; Paid
Thiess, first vice-president; Jim
Bclda, second vieo • president;
Steve Anderson, recording secre
tary; Doug Smith, corresponding
secretary; Larry O'Rourke, treas
urer; Kirk Givan, historian; and
Mike Practorius, sergeant • at -
arms.
An Alpha Phi Omega dinner
dance, in honor of the pledge
class, will ho held at 7:30 tonight
at tlic Live Oaks Inn, Los Gatos.
The service fraternity's now
officers will be installed. They
are John Ball, president; Paid
Thiess, first vice-president; Jim
Bclda, second vieo • president;
Steve Anderson, recording secre
tary; Doug Smith, corresponding
secretary; Larry O'Rourke, treas
urer; Kirk Givan, historian; and
Mike Practorius, sergeant • at -
arms.
An Alpha Phi Omega dinner
dance, in honor of the pledge
class, will ho held at 7:30 tonight
at tlic Live Oaks Inn, Los Gatos.
The service fraternity's now
officers will be installed. They
are John Ball, president; Paid
Thiess, first vice-president; Jim
Bclda, second vieo • president;
Steve Anderson, recording secre
tary; Doug Smith, corresponding
secretary; Larry O'Rourke, treas
urer; Kirk Givan, historian; and
Mike Practorius, sergeant • at -
arms.
