# German Group Stages Plays
## 
### 
A free program of one-act plays
entitled "Of Which We Live and
From Which We Die" will be pre
sented tonight at 8 in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
The plays are sponsored by the
Stanford German Club and will be
presented in German.
The title play is by Herbert
Eisenrich, who received the 1957
Prix d'ltalia for it. Other- plays
on the program include "Outside
the Door," "The Private Life of
the Master Race." plus works by-
Frank Thiess and Manfred Ilaus
mann.
The actors are Mr. and Mrs.
Siegfried Guertler and Ruth
Berndt. All are expatriate Gor
man actors now living in Salt
Luke City. A six-man troupe from
the •same German Salt Lake City
colony appeared on campus last
year.
The reputation of the players'
group has grown each year. This
marks their third appearance on
the West Coast. Their acting abil
ities have boon termed "varied,
subtle and powerful."
A free program of one-act plays
entitled "Of Which We Live and
From Which We Die" will be pre
sented tonight at 8 in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
The plays are sponsored by the
Stanford German Club and will be
presented in German.
The title play is by Herbert
Eisenrich, who received the 1957
Prix d'ltalia for it. Other- plays
on the program include "Outside
the Door," "The Private Life of
the Master Race." plus works by-
Frank Thiess and Manfred Ilaus
mann.
The actors are Mr. and Mrs.
Siegfried Guertler and Ruth
Berndt. All are expatriate Gor
man actors now living in Salt
Luke City. A six-man troupe from
the •same German Salt Lake City
colony appeared on campus last
year.
The reputation of the players'
group has grown each year. This
marks their third appearance on
the West Coast. Their acting abil
ities have boon termed "varied,
subtle and powerful."
A free program of one-act plays
entitled "Of Which We Live and
From Which We Die" will be pre
sented tonight at 8 in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
The plays are sponsored by the
Stanford German Club and will be
presented in German.
The title play is by Herbert
Eisenrich, who received the 1957
Prix d'ltalia for it. Other- plays
on the program include "Outside
the Door," "The Private Life of
the Master Race." plus works by-
Frank Thiess and Manfred Ilaus
mann.
The actors are Mr. and Mrs.
Siegfried Guertler and Ruth
Berndt. All are expatriate Gor
man actors now living in Salt
Luke City. A six-man troupe from
the •same German Salt Lake City
colony appeared on campus last
year.
The reputation of the players'
group has grown each year. This
marks their third appearance on
the West Coast. Their acting abil
ities have boon termed "varied,
subtle and powerful."
A free program of one-act plays
entitled "Of Which We Live and
From Which We Die" will be pre
sented tonight at 8 in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
The plays are sponsored by the
Stanford German Club and will be
presented in German.
The title play is by Herbert
Eisenrich, who received the 1957
Prix d'ltalia for it. Other- plays
on the program include "Outside
the Door," "The Private Life of
the Master Race." plus works by-
Frank Thiess and Manfred Ilaus
mann.
The actors are Mr. and Mrs.
Siegfried Guertler and Ruth
Berndt. All are expatriate Gor
man actors now living in Salt
Luke City. A six-man troupe from
the •same German Salt Lake City
colony appeared on campus last
year.
The reputation of the players'
group has grown each year. This
marks their third appearance on
the West Coast. Their acting abil
ities have boon termed "varied,
subtle and powerful."
A free program of one-act plays
entitled "Of Which We Live and
From Which We Die" will be pre
sented tonight at 8 in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
The plays are sponsored by the
Stanford German Club and will be
presented in German.
The title play is by Herbert
Eisenrich, who received the 1957
Prix d'ltalia for it. Other- plays
on the program include "Outside
the Door," "The Private Life of
the Master Race." plus works by-
Frank Thiess and Manfred Ilaus
mann.
The actors are Mr. and Mrs.
Siegfried Guertler and Ruth
Berndt. All are expatriate Gor
man actors now living in Salt
Luke City. A six-man troupe from
the •same German Salt Lake City
colony appeared on campus last
year.
The reputation of the players'
group has grown each year. This
marks their third appearance on
the West Coast. Their acting abil
ities have boon termed "varied,
subtle and powerful."
A free program of one-act plays
entitled "Of Which We Live and
From Which We Die" will be pre
sented tonight at 8 in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
The plays are sponsored by the
Stanford German Club and will be
presented in German.
The title play is by Herbert
Eisenrich, who received the 1957
Prix d'ltalia for it. Other- plays
on the program include "Outside
the Door," "The Private Life of
the Master Race." plus works by-
Frank Thiess and Manfred Ilaus
mann.
The actors are Mr. and Mrs.
Siegfried Guertler and Ruth
Berndt. All are expatriate Gor
man actors now living in Salt
Luke City. A six-man troupe from
the •same German Salt Lake City
colony appeared on campus last
year.
The reputation of the players'
group has grown each year. This
marks their third appearance on
the West Coast. Their acting abil
ities have boon termed "varied,
subtle and powerful."
A free program of one-act plays
entitled "Of Which We Live and
From Which We Die" will be pre
sented tonight at 8 in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
The plays are sponsored by the
Stanford German Club and will be
presented in German.
The title play is by Herbert
Eisenrich, who received the 1957
Prix d'ltalia for it. Other- plays
on the program include "Outside
the Door," "The Private Life of
the Master Race." plus works by-
Frank Thiess and Manfred Ilaus
mann.
The actors are Mr. and Mrs.
Siegfried Guertler and Ruth
Berndt. All are expatriate Gor
man actors now living in Salt
Luke City. A six-man troupe from
the •same German Salt Lake City
colony appeared on campus last
year.
The reputation of the players'
group has grown each year. This
marks their third appearance on
the West Coast. Their acting abil
ities have boon termed "varied,
subtle and powerful."
A free program of one-act plays
entitled "Of Which We Live and
From Which We Die" will be pre
sented tonight at 8 in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
The plays are sponsored by the
Stanford German Club and will be
presented in German.
The title play is by Herbert
Eisenrich, who received the 1957
Prix d'ltalia for it. Other- plays
on the program include "Outside
the Door," "The Private Life of
the Master Race." plus works by-
Frank Thiess and Manfred Ilaus
mann.
The actors are Mr. and Mrs.
Siegfried Guertler and Ruth
Berndt. All are expatriate Gor
man actors now living in Salt
Luke City. A six-man troupe from
the •same German Salt Lake City
colony appeared on campus last
year.
The reputation of the players'
group has grown each year. This
marks their third appearance on
the West Coast. Their acting abil
ities have boon termed "varied,
subtle and powerful."
A free program of one-act plays
entitled "Of Which We Live and
From Which We Die" will be pre
sented tonight at 8 in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
The plays are sponsored by the
Stanford German Club and will be
presented in German.
The title play is by Herbert
Eisenrich, who received the 1957
Prix d'ltalia for it. Other- plays
on the program include "Outside
the Door," "The Private Life of
the Master Race." plus works by-
Frank Thiess and Manfred Ilaus
mann.
The actors are Mr. and Mrs.
Siegfried Guertler and Ruth
Berndt. All are expatriate Gor
man actors now living in Salt
Luke City. A six-man troupe from
the •same German Salt Lake City
colony appeared on campus last
year.
The reputation of the players'
group has grown each year. This
marks their third appearance on
the West Coast. Their acting abil
ities have boon termed "varied,
subtle and powerful."
A free program of one-act plays
entitled "Of Which We Live and
From Which We Die" will be pre
sented tonight at 8 in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
The plays are sponsored by the
Stanford German Club and will be
presented in German.
The title play is by Herbert
Eisenrich, who received the 1957
Prix d'ltalia for it. Other- plays
on the program include "Outside
the Door," "The Private Life of
the Master Race." plus works by-
Frank Thiess and Manfred Ilaus
mann.
The actors are Mr. and Mrs.
Siegfried Guertler and Ruth
Berndt. All are expatriate Gor
man actors now living in Salt
Luke City. A six-man troupe from
the •same German Salt Lake City
colony appeared on campus last
year.
The reputation of the players'
group has grown each year. This
marks their third appearance on
the West Coast. Their acting abil
ities have boon termed "varied,
subtle and powerful."
A free program of one-act plays
entitled "Of Which We Live and
From Which We Die" will be pre
sented tonight at 8 in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
The plays are sponsored by the
Stanford German Club and will be
presented in German.
The title play is by Herbert
Eisenrich, who received the 1957
Prix d'ltalia for it. Other- plays
on the program include "Outside
the Door," "The Private Life of
the Master Race." plus works by-
Frank Thiess and Manfred Ilaus
mann.
The actors are Mr. and Mrs.
Siegfried Guertler and Ruth
Berndt. All are expatriate Gor
man actors now living in Salt
Luke City. A six-man troupe from
the •same German Salt Lake City
colony appeared on campus last
year.
The reputation of the players'
group has grown each year. This
marks their third appearance on
the West Coast. Their acting abil
ities have boon termed "varied,
subtle and powerful."
A free program of one-act plays
entitled "Of Which We Live and
From Which We Die" will be pre
sented tonight at 8 in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
The plays are sponsored by the
Stanford German Club and will be
presented in German.
The title play is by Herbert
Eisenrich, who received the 1957
Prix d'ltalia for it. Other- plays
on the program include "Outside
the Door," "The Private Life of
the Master Race." plus works by-
Frank Thiess and Manfred Ilaus
mann.
The actors are Mr. and Mrs.
Siegfried Guertler and Ruth
Berndt. All are expatriate Gor
man actors now living in Salt
Luke City. A six-man troupe from
the •same German Salt Lake City
colony appeared on campus last
year.
The reputation of the players'
group has grown each year. This
marks their third appearance on
the West Coast. Their acting abil
ities have boon termed "varied,
subtle and powerful."
A free program of one-act plays
entitled "Of Which We Live and
From Which We Die" will be pre
sented tonight at 8 in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
The plays are sponsored by the
Stanford German Club and will be
presented in German.
The title play is by Herbert
Eisenrich, who received the 1957
Prix d'ltalia for it. Other- plays
on the program include "Outside
the Door," "The Private Life of
the Master Race." plus works by-
Frank Thiess and Manfred Ilaus
mann.
The actors are Mr. and Mrs.
Siegfried Guertler and Ruth
Berndt. All are expatriate Gor
man actors now living in Salt
Luke City. A six-man troupe from
the •same German Salt Lake City
colony appeared on campus last
year.
The reputation of the players'
group has grown each year. This
marks their third appearance on
the West Coast. Their acting abil
ities have boon termed "varied,
subtle and powerful."
A free program of one-act plays
entitled "Of Which We Live and
From Which We Die" will be pre
sented tonight at 8 in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
The plays are sponsored by the
Stanford German Club and will be
presented in German.
The title play is by Herbert
Eisenrich, who received the 1957
Prix d'ltalia for it. Other- plays
on the program include "Outside
the Door," "The Private Life of
the Master Race." plus works by-
Frank Thiess and Manfred Ilaus
mann.
The actors are Mr. and Mrs.
Siegfried Guertler and Ruth
Berndt. All are expatriate Gor
man actors now living in Salt
Luke City. A six-man troupe from
the •same German Salt Lake City
colony appeared on campus last
year.
The reputation of the players'
group has grown each year. This
marks their third appearance on
the West Coast. Their acting abil
ities have boon termed "varied,
subtle and powerful."
A free program of one-act plays
entitled "Of Which We Live and
From Which We Die" will be pre
sented tonight at 8 in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
The plays are sponsored by the
Stanford German Club and will be
presented in German.
The title play is by Herbert
Eisenrich, who received the 1957
Prix d'ltalia for it. Other- plays
on the program include "Outside
the Door," "The Private Life of
the Master Race." plus works by-
Frank Thiess and Manfred Ilaus
mann.
The actors are Mr. and Mrs.
Siegfried Guertler and Ruth
Berndt. All are expatriate Gor
man actors now living in Salt
Luke City. A six-man troupe from
the •same German Salt Lake City
colony appeared on campus last
year.
The reputation of the players'
group has grown each year. This
marks their third appearance on
the West Coast. Their acting abil
ities have boon termed "varied,
subtle and powerful."
A free program of one-act plays
entitled "Of Which We Live and
From Which We Die" will be pre
sented tonight at 8 in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
The plays are sponsored by the
Stanford German Club and will be
presented in German.
The title play is by Herbert
Eisenrich, who received the 1957
Prix d'ltalia for it. Other- plays
on the program include "Outside
the Door," "The Private Life of
the Master Race." plus works by-
Frank Thiess and Manfred Ilaus
mann.
The actors are Mr. and Mrs.
Siegfried Guertler and Ruth
Berndt. All are expatriate Gor
man actors now living in Salt
Luke City. A six-man troupe from
the •same German Salt Lake City
colony appeared on campus last
year.
The reputation of the players'
group has grown each year. This
marks their third appearance on
the West Coast. Their acting abil
ities have boon termed "varied,
subtle and powerful."
A free program of one-act plays
entitled "Of Which We Live and
From Which We Die" will be pre
sented tonight at 8 in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
The plays are sponsored by the
Stanford German Club and will be
presented in German.
The title play is by Herbert
Eisenrich, who received the 1957
Prix d'ltalia for it. Other- plays
on the program include "Outside
the Door," "The Private Life of
the Master Race." plus works by-
Frank Thiess and Manfred Ilaus
mann.
The actors are Mr. and Mrs.
Siegfried Guertler and Ruth
Berndt. All are expatriate Gor
man actors now living in Salt
Luke City. A six-man troupe from
the •same German Salt Lake City
colony appeared on campus last
year.
The reputation of the players'
group has grown each year. This
marks their third appearance on
the West Coast. Their acting abil
ities have boon termed "varied,
subtle and powerful."
