# Phi Delt criticisms lack understanding
## 
### 
I was disturbed by the recent letter
condemning the Phi Delta Theta fra
ternity. The author is certainly entitiled

to his opinion, but the content of the
letter shows a clear lack of understand
ing of the situtation at 680 Lomita.
Phi Delta Theta is committed to this
campus and to making their home an
enjoyable, safe place where all are wel
come. The active members of Phi Delta
Theta, in conjunction with alumni, the
administration and myself, are working
hard to erase the stigma of the past
and have people judge the house for
what it stands for today.
All that we ask is that the Stanford
community base its opinion of Phi
Delta Theta on facts, not on exagger
ated rumors or the editorializing of
those who are clearly anti-fraternity.
David Shack
Resident assistant, Phi Delta Theta
fraternity
I was disturbed by the recent letter
condemning the Phi Delta Theta fra
ternity. The author is certainly entitiled

to his opinion, but the content of the
letter shows a clear lack of understand
ing of the situtation at 680 Lomita.
Phi Delta Theta is committed to this
campus and to making their home an
enjoyable, safe place where all are wel
come. The active members of Phi Delta
Theta, in conjunction with alumni, the
administration and myself, are working
hard to erase the stigma of the past
and have people judge the house for
what it stands for today.
All that we ask is that the Stanford
community base its opinion of Phi
Delta Theta on facts, not on exagger
ated rumors or the editorializing of
those who are clearly anti-fraternity.
David Shack
Resident assistant, Phi Delta Theta
fraternity
I was disturbed by the recent letter
condemning the Phi Delta Theta fra
ternity. The author is certainly entitiled

to his opinion, but the content of the
letter shows a clear lack of understand
ing of the situtation at 680 Lomita.
Phi Delta Theta is committed to this
campus and to making their home an
enjoyable, safe place where all are wel
come. The active members of Phi Delta
Theta, in conjunction with alumni, the
administration and myself, are working
hard to erase the stigma of the past
and have people judge the house for
what it stands for today.
All that we ask is that the Stanford
community base its opinion of Phi
Delta Theta on facts, not on exagger
ated rumors or the editorializing of
those who are clearly anti-fraternity.
David Shack
Resident assistant, Phi Delta Theta
fraternity
I was disturbed by the recent letter
condemning the Phi Delta Theta fra
ternity. The author is certainly entitiled

to his opinion, but the content of the
letter shows a clear lack of understand
ing of the situtation at 680 Lomita.
Phi Delta Theta is committed to this
campus and to making their home an
enjoyable, safe place where all are wel
come. The active members of Phi Delta
Theta, in conjunction with alumni, the
administration and myself, are working
hard to erase the stigma of the past
and have people judge the house for
what it stands for today.
All that we ask is that the Stanford
community base its opinion of Phi
Delta Theta on facts, not on exagger
ated rumors or the editorializing of
those who are clearly anti-fraternity.
David Shack
Resident assistant, Phi Delta Theta
fraternity
I was disturbed by the recent letter
condemning the Phi Delta Theta fra
ternity. The author is certainly entitiled

to his opinion, but the content of the
letter shows a clear lack of understand
ing of the situtation at 680 Lomita.
Phi Delta Theta is committed to this
campus and to making their home an
enjoyable, safe place where all are wel
come. The active members of Phi Delta
Theta, in conjunction with alumni, the
administration and myself, are working
hard to erase the stigma of the past
and have people judge the house for
what it stands for today.
All that we ask is that the Stanford
community base its opinion of Phi
Delta Theta on facts, not on exagger
ated rumors or the editorializing of
those who are clearly anti-fraternity.
David Shack
Resident assistant, Phi Delta Theta
fraternity
I was disturbed by the recent letter
condemning the Phi Delta Theta fra
ternity. The author is certainly entitiled

to his opinion, but the content of the
letter shows a clear lack of understand
ing of the situtation at 680 Lomita.
Phi Delta Theta is committed to this
campus and to making their home an
enjoyable, safe place where all are wel
come. The active members of Phi Delta
Theta, in conjunction with alumni, the
administration and myself, are working
hard to erase the stigma of the past
and have people judge the house for
what it stands for today.
All that we ask is that the Stanford
community base its opinion of Phi
Delta Theta on facts, not on exagger
ated rumors or the editorializing of
those who are clearly anti-fraternity.
David Shack
Resident assistant, Phi Delta Theta
fraternity
I was disturbed by the recent letter
condemning the Phi Delta Theta fra
ternity. The author is certainly entitiled

to his opinion, but the content of the
letter shows a clear lack of understand
ing of the situtation at 680 Lomita.
Phi Delta Theta is committed to this
campus and to making their home an
enjoyable, safe place where all are wel
come. The active members of Phi Delta
Theta, in conjunction with alumni, the
administration and myself, are working
hard to erase the stigma of the past
and have people judge the house for
what it stands for today.
All that we ask is that the Stanford
community base its opinion of Phi
Delta Theta on facts, not on exagger
ated rumors or the editorializing of
those who are clearly anti-fraternity.
David Shack
Resident assistant, Phi Delta Theta
fraternity
I was disturbed by the recent letter
condemning the Phi Delta Theta fra
ternity. The author is certainly entitiled

to his opinion, but the content of the
letter shows a clear lack of understand
ing of the situtation at 680 Lomita.
Phi Delta Theta is committed to this
campus and to making their home an
enjoyable, safe place where all are wel
come. The active members of Phi Delta
Theta, in conjunction with alumni, the
administration and myself, are working
hard to erase the stigma of the past
and have people judge the house for
what it stands for today.
All that we ask is that the Stanford
community base its opinion of Phi
Delta Theta on facts, not on exagger
ated rumors or the editorializing of
those who are clearly anti-fraternity.
David Shack
Resident assistant, Phi Delta Theta
fraternity
