# Untitled Article
## 
### 
"The Christian Ideal of Marriage",
will be the subject of Dr. Gardner's
sermon on Sunday morning. The ser
vices will he held as usual in the
Chapel.
"The Christian Ideal of Marriage",
will be the subject of Dr. Gardner's
sermon on Sunday morning. The ser
vices will he held as usual in the
Chapel.
"The Christian Ideal of Marriage",
will be the subject of Dr. Gardner's
sermon on Sunday morning. The ser
vices will he held as usual in the
Chapel.
"The Christian Ideal of Marriage",
will be the subject of Dr. Gardner's
sermon on Sunday morning. The ser
vices will he held as usual in the
Chapel.
"The Christian Ideal of Marriage",
will be the subject of Dr. Gardner's
sermon on Sunday morning. The ser
vices will he held as usual in the
Chapel.
"The Christian Ideal of Marriage",
will be the subject of Dr. Gardner's
sermon on Sunday morning. The ser
vices will he held as usual in the
Chapel.
"The Christian Ideal of Marriage",
will be the subject of Dr. Gardner's
sermon on Sunday morning. The ser
vices will he held as usual in the
Chapel.
"The Christian Ideal of Marriage",
will be the subject of Dr. Gardner's
sermon on Sunday morning. The ser
vices will he held as usual in the
Chapel.
"The Christian Ideal of Marriage",
will be the subject of Dr. Gardner's
sermon on Sunday morning. The ser
vices will he held as usual in the
Chapel.
"The Christian Ideal of Marriage",
will be the subject of Dr. Gardner's
sermon on Sunday morning. The ser
vices will he held as usual in the
Chapel.
"The Christian Ideal of Marriage",
will be the subject of Dr. Gardner's
sermon on Sunday morning. The ser
vices will he held as usual in the
Chapel.
