# Untitled Article
## 
### 

TENSE ACTlON—from the matches with Cal Poly last
weekend. Ed Rothman, Card heavyweight, defeated his
opponent in an exhibition match. Stanford won the match
41/2 to 31/2.

TENSE ACTlON—from the matches with Cal Poly last
weekend. Ed Rothman, Card heavyweight, defeated his
opponent in an exhibition match. Stanford won the match
41/2 to 31/2.

TENSE ACTlON—from the matches with Cal Poly last
weekend. Ed Rothman, Card heavyweight, defeated his
opponent in an exhibition match. Stanford won the match
41/2 to 31/2.

TENSE ACTlON—from the matches with Cal Poly last
weekend. Ed Rothman, Card heavyweight, defeated his
opponent in an exhibition match. Stanford won the match
41/2 to 31/2.

TENSE ACTlON—from the matches with Cal Poly last
weekend. Ed Rothman, Card heavyweight, defeated his
opponent in an exhibition match. Stanford won the match
41/2 to 31/2.

TENSE ACTlON—from the matches with Cal Poly last
weekend. Ed Rothman, Card heavyweight, defeated his
opponent in an exhibition match. Stanford won the match
41/2 to 31/2.

TENSE ACTlON—from the matches with Cal Poly last
weekend. Ed Rothman, Card heavyweight, defeated his
opponent in an exhibition match. Stanford won the match
41/2 to 31/2.

TENSE ACTlON—from the matches with Cal Poly last
weekend. Ed Rothman, Card heavyweight, defeated his
opponent in an exhibition match. Stanford won the match
41/2 to 31/2.

TENSE ACTlON—from the matches with Cal Poly last
weekend. Ed Rothman, Card heavyweight, defeated his
opponent in an exhibition match. Stanford won the match
41/2 to 31/2.

TENSE ACTlON—from the matches with Cal Poly last
weekend. Ed Rothman, Card heavyweight, defeated his
opponent in an exhibition match. Stanford won the match
41/2 to 31/2.

TENSE ACTlON—from the matches with Cal Poly last
weekend. Ed Rothman, Card heavyweight, defeated his
opponent in an exhibition match. Stanford won the match
41/2 to 31/2.

TENSE ACTlON—from the matches with Cal Poly last
weekend. Ed Rothman, Card heavyweight, defeated his
opponent in an exhibition match. Stanford won the match
41/2 to 31/2.

TENSE ACTlON—from the matches with Cal Poly last
weekend. Ed Rothman, Card heavyweight, defeated his
opponent in an exhibition match. Stanford won the match
41/2 to 31/2.

TENSE ACTlON—from the matches with Cal Poly last
weekend. Ed Rothman, Card heavyweight, defeated his
opponent in an exhibition match. Stanford won the match
41/2 to 31/2.

TENSE ACTlON—from the matches with Cal Poly last
weekend. Ed Rothman, Card heavyweight, defeated his
opponent in an exhibition match. Stanford won the match
41/2 to 31/2.

TENSE ACTlON—from the matches with Cal Poly last
weekend. Ed Rothman, Card heavyweight, defeated his
opponent in an exhibition match. Stanford won the match
41/2 to 31/2.
