# Camera Club Hike Set for Saturday
## 
### 
An on-campus photo hike .spon
sored by (lie Stanford Camera Club
will start from the Hoover Library
sl-ps at 9:30 a.m. Saturday. 'Hie
hike. |112Â» Inst three hours, is open 1/j
club members and all others inter
ested. and will be supervised.
The club will furnish models.
Photographers must bring their own
equipment..
On Monday, the club will hold its
regular meeting at p.m. in the
Village auditorium. A color demon
stration is scheduled and also a
short period of darkroom instruc
tion.
The Villane darkroom, Ihe only
photo facility of its kind open to
the campus, is now fully equipped
and in daily use. Requisite for its
use is club membership and ihe
minimum quarterly darkroom dues.
