# 'I' Club Schedules Sunday Meeting
## 
### 
International Club will hold its
last meeting of the quarter this
Sunday at 7 p.m. in Magnolia social
room of Lagunjta. Foreign students
studying at. Stanford will give their
impressions of Americans at home
and abroad.
Otakar Fischer, Czechoslovakia;
Orelio Obregon, Mexico; Ulf Erick
son-Ramm, Sweden; Ara Galstaun,
India; and Serit Mardin, Turkey,
have been asked to represent the
foreign students' viewpoint. All the
speakers have lived in the United
States for more than one year and
have a fair claim to speak on the
subject.
In order that the I Club may Ix?
better known If) Lagunita, the Lagu
nita girls have invited all members
of the club to have their meeting
there, according to John Menzel,
president. For the benefit of Lagu
nita girls Menzel will give a short
talk fin the aims and activities of
the club.
"Members will be given enough
time to discuss and question the
speakers," announces Menzel, "and
the usual bull session over cofTee
and cookies will remain a part of
the meeting."
