# Dixie Howell Wins Idaho Coach Berth
## 
### 
MOSCOW. Ida., Feb. 26 (UP).—
Millard F. (Dixie) Howell, former
All-American and now assistant
coach at his alma mater, the Uni
versity ol Alabama, today was offi
cially named the new head football
coach at the University of Idaho.
President J. E. Buchanan did not
reveal any contract terms, but it
was believed that Howell would re
ceive approximately $7000 per yeai
at the Pacific Coast Conference
school.
MOSCOW. Ida., Feb. 26 (UP).—
Millard F. (Dixie) Howell, former
All-American and now assistant
coach at his alma mater, the Uni
versity ol Alabama, today was offi
cially named the new head football
coach at the University of Idaho.
President J. E. Buchanan did not
reveal any contract terms, but it
was believed that Howell would re
ceive approximately $7000 per yeai
at the Pacific Coast Conference
school.
MOSCOW. Ida., Feb. 26 (UP).—
Millard F. (Dixie) Howell, former
All-American and now assistant
coach at his alma mater, the Uni
versity ol Alabama, today was offi
cially named the new head football
coach at the University of Idaho.
President J. E. Buchanan did not
reveal any contract terms, but it
was believed that Howell would re
ceive approximately $7000 per yeai
at the Pacific Coast Conference
school.
MOSCOW. Ida., Feb. 26 (UP).—
Millard F. (Dixie) Howell, former
All-American and now assistant
coach at his alma mater, the Uni
versity ol Alabama, today was offi
cially named the new head football
coach at the University of Idaho.
President J. E. Buchanan did not
reveal any contract terms, but it
was believed that Howell would re
ceive approximately $7000 per yeai
at the Pacific Coast Conference
school.
MOSCOW. Ida., Feb. 26 (UP).—
Millard F. (Dixie) Howell, former
All-American and now assistant
coach at his alma mater, the Uni
versity ol Alabama, today was offi
cially named the new head football
coach at the University of Idaho.
President J. E. Buchanan did not
reveal any contract terms, but it
was believed that Howell would re
ceive approximately $7000 per yeai
at the Pacific Coast Conference
school.
MOSCOW. Ida., Feb. 26 (UP).—
Millard F. (Dixie) Howell, former
All-American and now assistant
coach at his alma mater, the Uni
versity ol Alabama, today was offi
cially named the new head football
coach at the University of Idaho.
President J. E. Buchanan did not
reveal any contract terms, but it
was believed that Howell would re
ceive approximately $7000 per yeai
at the Pacific Coast Conference
school.
MOSCOW. Ida., Feb. 26 (UP).—
Millard F. (Dixie) Howell, former
All-American and now assistant
coach at his alma mater, the Uni
versity ol Alabama, today was offi
cially named the new head football
coach at the University of Idaho.
President J. E. Buchanan did not
reveal any contract terms, but it
was believed that Howell would re
ceive approximately $7000 per yeai
at the Pacific Coast Conference
school.
MOSCOW. Ida., Feb. 26 (UP).—
Millard F. (Dixie) Howell, former
All-American and now assistant
coach at his alma mater, the Uni
versity ol Alabama, today was offi
cially named the new head football
coach at the University of Idaho.
President J. E. Buchanan did not
reveal any contract terms, but it
was believed that Howell would re
ceive approximately $7000 per yeai
at the Pacific Coast Conference
school.
MOSCOW. Ida., Feb. 26 (UP).—
Millard F. (Dixie) Howell, former
All-American and now assistant
coach at his alma mater, the Uni
versity ol Alabama, today was offi
cially named the new head football
coach at the University of Idaho.
President J. E. Buchanan did not
reveal any contract terms, but it
was believed that Howell would re
ceive approximately $7000 per yeai
at the Pacific Coast Conference
school.
MOSCOW. Ida., Feb. 26 (UP).—
Millard F. (Dixie) Howell, former
All-American and now assistant
coach at his alma mater, the Uni
versity ol Alabama, today was offi
cially named the new head football
coach at the University of Idaho.
President J. E. Buchanan did not
reveal any contract terms, but it
was believed that Howell would re
ceive approximately $7000 per yeai
at the Pacific Coast Conference
school.
MOSCOW. Ida., Feb. 26 (UP).—
Millard F. (Dixie) Howell, former
All-American and now assistant
coach at his alma mater, the Uni
versity ol Alabama, today was offi
cially named the new head football
coach at the University of Idaho.
President J. E. Buchanan did not
reveal any contract terms, but it
was believed that Howell would re
ceive approximately $7000 per yeai
at the Pacific Coast Conference
school.
MOSCOW. Ida., Feb. 26 (UP).—
Millard F. (Dixie) Howell, former
All-American and now assistant
coach at his alma mater, the Uni
versity ol Alabama, today was offi
cially named the new head football
coach at the University of Idaho.
President J. E. Buchanan did not
reveal any contract terms, but it
was believed that Howell would re
ceive approximately $7000 per yeai
at the Pacific Coast Conference
school.
MOSCOW. Ida., Feb. 26 (UP).—
Millard F. (Dixie) Howell, former
All-American and now assistant
coach at his alma mater, the Uni
versity ol Alabama, today was offi
cially named the new head football
coach at the University of Idaho.
President J. E. Buchanan did not
reveal any contract terms, but it
was believed that Howell would re
ceive approximately $7000 per yeai
at the Pacific Coast Conference
school.
MOSCOW. Ida., Feb. 26 (UP).—
Millard F. (Dixie) Howell, former
All-American and now assistant
coach at his alma mater, the Uni
versity ol Alabama, today was offi
cially named the new head football
coach at the University of Idaho.
President J. E. Buchanan did not
reveal any contract terms, but it
was believed that Howell would re
ceive approximately $7000 per yeai
at the Pacific Coast Conference
school.
MOSCOW. Ida., Feb. 26 (UP).—
Millard F. (Dixie) Howell, former
All-American and now assistant
coach at his alma mater, the Uni
versity ol Alabama, today was offi
cially named the new head football
coach at the University of Idaho.
President J. E. Buchanan did not
reveal any contract terms, but it
was believed that Howell would re
ceive approximately $7000 per yeai
at the Pacific Coast Conference
school.
