# Don Liebendorfer Will Marry Soon
## 
### 
Publicity director Don Liebendor
fer will be married to Miss Cath
erine Blaul of Los Altos on Novem
ber 23, it was announced Saturday.
The ceremonies will be held in Stan
ford's Memorial Church.
Miss Blaul is a former resident of
Burlington, Iowa, and is the daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Mark Blaul of
that city.
The marriage is Liebendorfer's
sccond. He has a son in the service
at present.
Publicity director Don Liebendor
fer will be married to Miss Cath
erine Blaul of Los Altos on Novem
ber 23, it was announced Saturday.
The ceremonies will be held in Stan
ford's Memorial Church.
Miss Blaul is a former resident of
Burlington, Iowa, and is the daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Mark Blaul of
that city.
The marriage is Liebendorfer's
sccond. He has a son in the service
at present.
Publicity director Don Liebendor
fer will be married to Miss Cath
erine Blaul of Los Altos on Novem
ber 23, it was announced Saturday.
The ceremonies will be held in Stan
ford's Memorial Church.
Miss Blaul is a former resident of
Burlington, Iowa, and is the daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Mark Blaul of
that city.
The marriage is Liebendorfer's
sccond. He has a son in the service
at present.
Publicity director Don Liebendor
fer will be married to Miss Cath
erine Blaul of Los Altos on Novem
ber 23, it was announced Saturday.
The ceremonies will be held in Stan
ford's Memorial Church.
Miss Blaul is a former resident of
Burlington, Iowa, and is the daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Mark Blaul of
that city.
The marriage is Liebendorfer's
sccond. He has a son in the service
at present.
Publicity director Don Liebendor
fer will be married to Miss Cath
erine Blaul of Los Altos on Novem
ber 23, it was announced Saturday.
The ceremonies will be held in Stan
ford's Memorial Church.
Miss Blaul is a former resident of
Burlington, Iowa, and is the daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Mark Blaul of
that city.
The marriage is Liebendorfer's
sccond. He has a son in the service
at present.
Publicity director Don Liebendor
fer will be married to Miss Cath
erine Blaul of Los Altos on Novem
ber 23, it was announced Saturday.
The ceremonies will be held in Stan
ford's Memorial Church.
Miss Blaul is a former resident of
Burlington, Iowa, and is the daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Mark Blaul of
that city.
The marriage is Liebendorfer's
sccond. He has a son in the service
at present.
Publicity director Don Liebendor
fer will be married to Miss Cath
erine Blaul of Los Altos on Novem
ber 23, it was announced Saturday.
The ceremonies will be held in Stan
ford's Memorial Church.
Miss Blaul is a former resident of
Burlington, Iowa, and is the daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Mark Blaul of
that city.
The marriage is Liebendorfer's
sccond. He has a son in the service
at present.
Publicity director Don Liebendor
fer will be married to Miss Cath
erine Blaul of Los Altos on Novem
ber 23, it was announced Saturday.
The ceremonies will be held in Stan
ford's Memorial Church.
Miss Blaul is a former resident of
Burlington, Iowa, and is the daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Mark Blaul of
that city.
The marriage is Liebendorfer's
sccond. He has a son in the service
at present.
Publicity director Don Liebendor
fer will be married to Miss Cath
erine Blaul of Los Altos on Novem
ber 23, it was announced Saturday.
The ceremonies will be held in Stan
ford's Memorial Church.
Miss Blaul is a former resident of
Burlington, Iowa, and is the daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Mark Blaul of
that city.
The marriage is Liebendorfer's
sccond. He has a son in the service
at present.
Publicity director Don Liebendor
fer will be married to Miss Cath
erine Blaul of Los Altos on Novem
ber 23, it was announced Saturday.
The ceremonies will be held in Stan
ford's Memorial Church.
Miss Blaul is a former resident of
Burlington, Iowa, and is the daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Mark Blaul of
that city.
The marriage is Liebendorfer's
sccond. He has a son in the service
at present.
Publicity director Don Liebendor
fer will be married to Miss Cath
erine Blaul of Los Altos on Novem
ber 23, it was announced Saturday.
The ceremonies will be held in Stan
ford's Memorial Church.
Miss Blaul is a former resident of
Burlington, Iowa, and is the daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Mark Blaul of
that city.
The marriage is Liebendorfer's
sccond. He has a son in the service
at present.
Publicity director Don Liebendor
fer will be married to Miss Cath
erine Blaul of Los Altos on Novem
ber 23, it was announced Saturday.
The ceremonies will be held in Stan
ford's Memorial Church.
Miss Blaul is a former resident of
Burlington, Iowa, and is the daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Mark Blaul of
that city.
The marriage is Liebendorfer's
sccond. He has a son in the service
at present.
Publicity director Don Liebendor
fer will be married to Miss Cath
erine Blaul of Los Altos on Novem
ber 23, it was announced Saturday.
The ceremonies will be held in Stan
ford's Memorial Church.
Miss Blaul is a former resident of
Burlington, Iowa, and is the daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Mark Blaul of
that city.
The marriage is Liebendorfer's
sccond. He has a son in the service
at present.
Publicity director Don Liebendor
fer will be married to Miss Cath
erine Blaul of Los Altos on Novem
ber 23, it was announced Saturday.
The ceremonies will be held in Stan
ford's Memorial Church.
Miss Blaul is a former resident of
Burlington, Iowa, and is the daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Mark Blaul of
that city.
The marriage is Liebendorfer's
sccond. He has a son in the service
at present.
Publicity director Don Liebendor
fer will be married to Miss Cath
erine Blaul of Los Altos on Novem
ber 23, it was announced Saturday.
The ceremonies will be held in Stan
ford's Memorial Church.
Miss Blaul is a former resident of
Burlington, Iowa, and is the daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Mark Blaul of
that city.
The marriage is Liebendorfer's
sccond. He has a son in the service
at present.
