# Trojan Harriers Edge Out Tribe
## 
### 
Paced by little Max Truex, who
has broken a record every time he
has stepped 011 a track this fall,
USC's ero.-s-country team whipped
Stanford 25-112 Saturday morning.
Truex toured the four-mile Centi
nela course in Inglewood in 20:23.7,
shattering both the meet and course
record-:. The old Centinela mark was
held by Ru.;s Bonham, formerly of
Whittier College, at 20:3t>.7.
Sophomore Maury Graves and
veteran runner Chuck Strong fin
ished two-three behind the mighty
mite from the Figuoroa Street cam
pus.
The official results were: 1. Truex
(SC), 20:23:7; 2. Graves (S), 21:27;
3. Strong (S). 4. Wes McLeod (SC),
22:10; 5. Chuck Tobias (SC), 22:24;
6. Ralph Love (S), 22:40; 7. Marshall
Clark (SC), 23:08; 8. Murray Co burn
(SC), 23:15; ( J. Don Watzman (SC),
23.50; 10. Russ Ferguson (S), 24:10.
Paced by little Max Truex, who
has broken a record every time he
has stepped 011 a track this fall,
USC's ero.-s-country team whipped
Stanford 25-112 Saturday morning.
Truex toured the four-mile Centi
nela course in Inglewood in 20:23.7,
shattering both the meet and course
record-:. The old Centinela mark was
held by Ru.;s Bonham, formerly of
Whittier College, at 20:3t>.7.
Sophomore Maury Graves and
veteran runner Chuck Strong fin
ished two-three behind the mighty
mite from the Figuoroa Street cam
pus.
The official results were: 1. Truex
(SC), 20:23:7; 2. Graves (S), 21:27;
3. Strong (S). 4. Wes McLeod (SC),
22:10; 5. Chuck Tobias (SC), 22:24;
6. Ralph Love (S), 22:40; 7. Marshall
Clark (SC), 23:08; 8. Murray Co burn
(SC), 23:15; ( J. Don Watzman (SC),
23.50; 10. Russ Ferguson (S), 24:10.
Paced by little Max Truex, who
has broken a record every time he
has stepped 011 a track this fall,
USC's ero.-s-country team whipped
Stanford 25-112 Saturday morning.
Truex toured the four-mile Centi
nela course in Inglewood in 20:23.7,
shattering both the meet and course
record-:. The old Centinela mark was
held by Ru.;s Bonham, formerly of
Whittier College, at 20:3t>.7.
Sophomore Maury Graves and
veteran runner Chuck Strong fin
ished two-three behind the mighty
mite from the Figuoroa Street cam
pus.
The official results were: 1. Truex
(SC), 20:23:7; 2. Graves (S), 21:27;
3. Strong (S). 4. Wes McLeod (SC),
22:10; 5. Chuck Tobias (SC), 22:24;
6. Ralph Love (S), 22:40; 7. Marshall
Clark (SC), 23:08; 8. Murray Co burn
(SC), 23:15; ( J. Don Watzman (SC),
23.50; 10. Russ Ferguson (S), 24:10.
Paced by little Max Truex, who
has broken a record every time he
has stepped 011 a track this fall,
USC's ero.-s-country team whipped
Stanford 25-112 Saturday morning.
Truex toured the four-mile Centi
nela course in Inglewood in 20:23.7,
shattering both the meet and course
record-:. The old Centinela mark was
held by Ru.;s Bonham, formerly of
Whittier College, at 20:3t>.7.
Sophomore Maury Graves and
veteran runner Chuck Strong fin
ished two-three behind the mighty
mite from the Figuoroa Street cam
pus.
The official results were: 1. Truex
(SC), 20:23:7; 2. Graves (S), 21:27;
3. Strong (S). 4. Wes McLeod (SC),
22:10; 5. Chuck Tobias (SC), 22:24;
6. Ralph Love (S), 22:40; 7. Marshall
Clark (SC), 23:08; 8. Murray Co burn
(SC), 23:15; ( J. Don Watzman (SC),
23.50; 10. Russ Ferguson (S), 24:10.
Paced by little Max Truex, who
has broken a record every time he
has stepped 011 a track this fall,
USC's ero.-s-country team whipped
Stanford 25-112 Saturday morning.
Truex toured the four-mile Centi
nela course in Inglewood in 20:23.7,
shattering both the meet and course
record-:. The old Centinela mark was
held by Ru.;s Bonham, formerly of
Whittier College, at 20:3t>.7.
Sophomore Maury Graves and
veteran runner Chuck Strong fin
ished two-three behind the mighty
mite from the Figuoroa Street cam
pus.
The official results were: 1. Truex
(SC), 20:23:7; 2. Graves (S), 21:27;
3. Strong (S). 4. Wes McLeod (SC),
22:10; 5. Chuck Tobias (SC), 22:24;
6. Ralph Love (S), 22:40; 7. Marshall
Clark (SC), 23:08; 8. Murray Co burn
(SC), 23:15; ( J. Don Watzman (SC),
23.50; 10. Russ Ferguson (S), 24:10.
Paced by little Max Truex, who
has broken a record every time he
has stepped 011 a track this fall,
USC's ero.-s-country team whipped
Stanford 25-112 Saturday morning.
Truex toured the four-mile Centi
nela course in Inglewood in 20:23.7,
shattering both the meet and course
record-:. The old Centinela mark was
held by Ru.;s Bonham, formerly of
Whittier College, at 20:3t>.7.
Sophomore Maury Graves and
veteran runner Chuck Strong fin
ished two-three behind the mighty
mite from the Figuoroa Street cam
pus.
The official results were: 1. Truex
(SC), 20:23:7; 2. Graves (S), 21:27;
3. Strong (S). 4. Wes McLeod (SC),
22:10; 5. Chuck Tobias (SC), 22:24;
6. Ralph Love (S), 22:40; 7. Marshall
Clark (SC), 23:08; 8. Murray Co burn
(SC), 23:15; ( J. Don Watzman (SC),
23.50; 10. Russ Ferguson (S), 24:10.
Paced by little Max Truex, who
has broken a record every time he
has stepped 011 a track this fall,
USC's ero.-s-country team whipped
Stanford 25-112 Saturday morning.
Truex toured the four-mile Centi
nela course in Inglewood in 20:23.7,
shattering both the meet and course
record-:. The old Centinela mark was
held by Ru.;s Bonham, formerly of
Whittier College, at 20:3t>.7.
Sophomore Maury Graves and
veteran runner Chuck Strong fin
ished two-three behind the mighty
mite from the Figuoroa Street cam
pus.
The official results were: 1. Truex
(SC), 20:23:7; 2. Graves (S), 21:27;
3. Strong (S). 4. Wes McLeod (SC),
22:10; 5. Chuck Tobias (SC), 22:24;
6. Ralph Love (S), 22:40; 7. Marshall
Clark (SC), 23:08; 8. Murray Co burn
(SC), 23:15; ( J. Don Watzman (SC),
23.50; 10. Russ Ferguson (S), 24:10.
Paced by little Max Truex, who
has broken a record every time he
has stepped 011 a track this fall,
USC's ero.-s-country team whipped
Stanford 25-112 Saturday morning.
Truex toured the four-mile Centi
nela course in Inglewood in 20:23.7,
shattering both the meet and course
record-:. The old Centinela mark was
held by Ru.;s Bonham, formerly of
Whittier College, at 20:3t>.7.
Sophomore Maury Graves and
veteran runner Chuck Strong fin
ished two-three behind the mighty
mite from the Figuoroa Street cam
pus.
The official results were: 1. Truex
(SC), 20:23:7; 2. Graves (S), 21:27;
3. Strong (S). 4. Wes McLeod (SC),
22:10; 5. Chuck Tobias (SC), 22:24;
6. Ralph Love (S), 22:40; 7. Marshall
Clark (SC), 23:08; 8. Murray Co burn
(SC), 23:15; ( J. Don Watzman (SC),
23.50; 10. Russ Ferguson (S), 24:10.
Paced by little Max Truex, who
has broken a record every time he
has stepped 011 a track this fall,
USC's ero.-s-country team whipped
Stanford 25-112 Saturday morning.
Truex toured the four-mile Centi
nela course in Inglewood in 20:23.7,
shattering both the meet and course
record-:. The old Centinela mark was
held by Ru.;s Bonham, formerly of
Whittier College, at 20:3t>.7.
Sophomore Maury Graves and
veteran runner Chuck Strong fin
ished two-three behind the mighty
mite from the Figuoroa Street cam
pus.
The official results were: 1. Truex
(SC), 20:23:7; 2. Graves (S), 21:27;
3. Strong (S). 4. Wes McLeod (SC),
22:10; 5. Chuck Tobias (SC), 22:24;
6. Ralph Love (S), 22:40; 7. Marshall
Clark (SC), 23:08; 8. Murray Co burn
(SC), 23:15; ( J. Don Watzman (SC),
23.50; 10. Russ Ferguson (S), 24:10.
Paced by little Max Truex, who
has broken a record every time he
has stepped 011 a track this fall,
USC's ero.-s-country team whipped
Stanford 25-112 Saturday morning.
Truex toured the four-mile Centi
nela course in Inglewood in 20:23.7,
shattering both the meet and course
record-:. The old Centinela mark was
held by Ru.;s Bonham, formerly of
Whittier College, at 20:3t>.7.
Sophomore Maury Graves and
veteran runner Chuck Strong fin
ished two-three behind the mighty
mite from the Figuoroa Street cam
pus.
The official results were: 1. Truex
(SC), 20:23:7; 2. Graves (S), 21:27;
3. Strong (S). 4. Wes McLeod (SC),
22:10; 5. Chuck Tobias (SC), 22:24;
6. Ralph Love (S), 22:40; 7. Marshall
Clark (SC), 23:08; 8. Murray Co burn
(SC), 23:15; ( J. Don Watzman (SC),
23.50; 10. Russ Ferguson (S), 24:10.
Paced by little Max Truex, who
has broken a record every time he
has stepped 011 a track this fall,
USC's ero.-s-country team whipped
Stanford 25-112 Saturday morning.
Truex toured the four-mile Centi
nela course in Inglewood in 20:23.7,
shattering both the meet and course
record-:. The old Centinela mark was
held by Ru.;s Bonham, formerly of
Whittier College, at 20:3t>.7.
Sophomore Maury Graves and
veteran runner Chuck Strong fin
ished two-three behind the mighty
mite from the Figuoroa Street cam
pus.
The official results were: 1. Truex
(SC), 20:23:7; 2. Graves (S), 21:27;
3. Strong (S). 4. Wes McLeod (SC),
22:10; 5. Chuck Tobias (SC), 22:24;
6. Ralph Love (S), 22:40; 7. Marshall
Clark (SC), 23:08; 8. Murray Co burn
(SC), 23:15; ( J. Don Watzman (SC),
23.50; 10. Russ Ferguson (S), 24:10.
Paced by little Max Truex, who
has broken a record every time he
has stepped 011 a track this fall,
USC's ero.-s-country team whipped
Stanford 25-112 Saturday morning.
Truex toured the four-mile Centi
nela course in Inglewood in 20:23.7,
shattering both the meet and course
record-:. The old Centinela mark was
held by Ru.;s Bonham, formerly of
Whittier College, at 20:3t>.7.
Sophomore Maury Graves and
veteran runner Chuck Strong fin
ished two-three behind the mighty
mite from the Figuoroa Street cam
pus.
The official results were: 1. Truex
(SC), 20:23:7; 2. Graves (S), 21:27;
3. Strong (S). 4. Wes McLeod (SC),
22:10; 5. Chuck Tobias (SC), 22:24;
6. Ralph Love (S), 22:40; 7. Marshall
Clark (SC), 23:08; 8. Murray Co burn
(SC), 23:15; ( J. Don Watzman (SC),
23.50; 10. Russ Ferguson (S), 24:10.
Paced by little Max Truex, who
has broken a record every time he
has stepped 011 a track this fall,
USC's ero.-s-country team whipped
Stanford 25-112 Saturday morning.
Truex toured the four-mile Centi
nela course in Inglewood in 20:23.7,
shattering both the meet and course
record-:. The old Centinela mark was
held by Ru.;s Bonham, formerly of
Whittier College, at 20:3t>.7.
Sophomore Maury Graves and
veteran runner Chuck Strong fin
ished two-three behind the mighty
mite from the Figuoroa Street cam
pus.
The official results were: 1. Truex
(SC), 20:23:7; 2. Graves (S), 21:27;
3. Strong (S). 4. Wes McLeod (SC),
22:10; 5. Chuck Tobias (SC), 22:24;
6. Ralph Love (S), 22:40; 7. Marshall
Clark (SC), 23:08; 8. Murray Co burn
(SC), 23:15; ( J. Don Watzman (SC),
23.50; 10. Russ Ferguson (S), 24:10.
Paced by little Max Truex, who
has broken a record every time he
has stepped 011 a track this fall,
USC's ero.-s-country team whipped
Stanford 25-112 Saturday morning.
Truex toured the four-mile Centi
nela course in Inglewood in 20:23.7,
shattering both the meet and course
record-:. The old Centinela mark was
held by Ru.;s Bonham, formerly of
Whittier College, at 20:3t>.7.
Sophomore Maury Graves and
veteran runner Chuck Strong fin
ished two-three behind the mighty
mite from the Figuoroa Street cam
pus.
The official results were: 1. Truex
(SC), 20:23:7; 2. Graves (S), 21:27;
3. Strong (S). 4. Wes McLeod (SC),
22:10; 5. Chuck Tobias (SC), 22:24;
6. Ralph Love (S), 22:40; 7. Marshall
Clark (SC), 23:08; 8. Murray Co burn
(SC), 23:15; ( J. Don Watzman (SC),
23.50; 10. Russ Ferguson (S), 24:10.
Paced by little Max Truex, who
has broken a record every time he
has stepped 011 a track this fall,
USC's ero.-s-country team whipped
Stanford 25-112 Saturday morning.
Truex toured the four-mile Centi
nela course in Inglewood in 20:23.7,
shattering both the meet and course
record-:. The old Centinela mark was
held by Ru.;s Bonham, formerly of
Whittier College, at 20:3t>.7.
Sophomore Maury Graves and
veteran runner Chuck Strong fin
ished two-three behind the mighty
mite from the Figuoroa Street cam
pus.
The official results were: 1. Truex
(SC), 20:23:7; 2. Graves (S), 21:27;
3. Strong (S). 4. Wes McLeod (SC),
22:10; 5. Chuck Tobias (SC), 22:24;
6. Ralph Love (S), 22:40; 7. Marshall
Clark (SC), 23:08; 8. Murray Co burn
(SC), 23:15; ( J. Don Watzman (SC),
23.50; 10. Russ Ferguson (S), 24:10.
