# Vardac Resumes Teaching Position
## 
### 
Dr. A. Nicholas Vardnc of the
Stanford Speech and Drama De
partment has returned to the cam
pus from a study of movie tech
nique m Western Europe and will
resume instruction in the field of
the motion picture this quarter.
Dr. Vardac has written several
articles on documentary films arH
has delivered a Tuesday Evenin*
Series lecture dealing with "The
Film in a Free Society." He has
aLso directed the Stanford Players
in such productions as "Desire Un
der the Elms," "Othello," "Julius
Caesar," and "Rain."
He will offer a course entitled
Introduction to the Motion Picture,
Speech and Drama 85, which was
omitted from the time schedule this
quarter. The will meet MWF
at 8 in the Little Theater in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Dr. A. Nicholas Vardnc of the
Stanford Speech and Drama De
partment has returned to the cam
pus from a study of movie tech
nique m Western Europe and will
resume instruction in the field of
the motion picture this quarter.
Dr. Vardac has written several
articles on documentary films arH
has delivered a Tuesday Evenin*
Series lecture dealing with "The
Film in a Free Society." He has
aLso directed the Stanford Players
in such productions as "Desire Un
der the Elms," "Othello," "Julius
Caesar," and "Rain."
He will offer a course entitled
Introduction to the Motion Picture,
Speech and Drama 85, which was
omitted from the time schedule this
quarter. The will meet MWF
at 8 in the Little Theater in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Dr. A. Nicholas Vardnc of the
Stanford Speech and Drama De
partment has returned to the cam
pus from a study of movie tech
nique m Western Europe and will
resume instruction in the field of
the motion picture this quarter.
Dr. Vardac has written several
articles on documentary films arH
has delivered a Tuesday Evenin*
Series lecture dealing with "The
Film in a Free Society." He has
aLso directed the Stanford Players
in such productions as "Desire Un
der the Elms," "Othello," "Julius
Caesar," and "Rain."
He will offer a course entitled
Introduction to the Motion Picture,
Speech and Drama 85, which was
omitted from the time schedule this
quarter. The will meet MWF
at 8 in the Little Theater in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Dr. A. Nicholas Vardnc of the
Stanford Speech and Drama De
partment has returned to the cam
pus from a study of movie tech
nique m Western Europe and will
resume instruction in the field of
the motion picture this quarter.
Dr. Vardac has written several
articles on documentary films arH
has delivered a Tuesday Evenin*
Series lecture dealing with "The
Film in a Free Society." He has
aLso directed the Stanford Players
in such productions as "Desire Un
der the Elms," "Othello," "Julius
Caesar," and "Rain."
He will offer a course entitled
Introduction to the Motion Picture,
Speech and Drama 85, which was
omitted from the time schedule this
quarter. The will meet MWF
at 8 in the Little Theater in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Dr. A. Nicholas Vardnc of the
Stanford Speech and Drama De
partment has returned to the cam
pus from a study of movie tech
nique m Western Europe and will
resume instruction in the field of
the motion picture this quarter.
Dr. Vardac has written several
articles on documentary films arH
has delivered a Tuesday Evenin*
Series lecture dealing with "The
Film in a Free Society." He has
aLso directed the Stanford Players
in such productions as "Desire Un
der the Elms," "Othello," "Julius
Caesar," and "Rain."
He will offer a course entitled
Introduction to the Motion Picture,
Speech and Drama 85, which was
omitted from the time schedule this
quarter. The will meet MWF
at 8 in the Little Theater in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Dr. A. Nicholas Vardnc of the
Stanford Speech and Drama De
partment has returned to the cam
pus from a study of movie tech
nique m Western Europe and will
resume instruction in the field of
the motion picture this quarter.
Dr. Vardac has written several
articles on documentary films arH
has delivered a Tuesday Evenin*
Series lecture dealing with "The
Film in a Free Society." He has
aLso directed the Stanford Players
in such productions as "Desire Un
der the Elms," "Othello," "Julius
Caesar," and "Rain."
He will offer a course entitled
Introduction to the Motion Picture,
Speech and Drama 85, which was
omitted from the time schedule this
quarter. The will meet MWF
at 8 in the Little Theater in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Dr. A. Nicholas Vardnc of the
Stanford Speech and Drama De
partment has returned to the cam
pus from a study of movie tech
nique m Western Europe and will
resume instruction in the field of
the motion picture this quarter.
Dr. Vardac has written several
articles on documentary films arH
has delivered a Tuesday Evenin*
Series lecture dealing with "The
Film in a Free Society." He has
aLso directed the Stanford Players
in such productions as "Desire Un
der the Elms," "Othello," "Julius
Caesar," and "Rain."
He will offer a course entitled
Introduction to the Motion Picture,
Speech and Drama 85, which was
omitted from the time schedule this
quarter. The will meet MWF
at 8 in the Little Theater in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Dr. A. Nicholas Vardnc of the
Stanford Speech and Drama De
partment has returned to the cam
pus from a study of movie tech
nique m Western Europe and will
resume instruction in the field of
the motion picture this quarter.
Dr. Vardac has written several
articles on documentary films arH
has delivered a Tuesday Evenin*
Series lecture dealing with "The
Film in a Free Society." He has
aLso directed the Stanford Players
in such productions as "Desire Un
der the Elms," "Othello," "Julius
Caesar," and "Rain."
He will offer a course entitled
Introduction to the Motion Picture,
Speech and Drama 85, which was
omitted from the time schedule this
quarter. The will meet MWF
at 8 in the Little Theater in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Dr. A. Nicholas Vardnc of the
Stanford Speech and Drama De
partment has returned to the cam
pus from a study of movie tech
nique m Western Europe and will
resume instruction in the field of
the motion picture this quarter.
Dr. Vardac has written several
articles on documentary films arH
has delivered a Tuesday Evenin*
Series lecture dealing with "The
Film in a Free Society." He has
aLso directed the Stanford Players
in such productions as "Desire Un
der the Elms," "Othello," "Julius
Caesar," and "Rain."
He will offer a course entitled
Introduction to the Motion Picture,
Speech and Drama 85, which was
omitted from the time schedule this
quarter. The will meet MWF
at 8 in the Little Theater in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Dr. A. Nicholas Vardnc of the
Stanford Speech and Drama De
partment has returned to the cam
pus from a study of movie tech
nique m Western Europe and will
resume instruction in the field of
the motion picture this quarter.
Dr. Vardac has written several
articles on documentary films arH
has delivered a Tuesday Evenin*
Series lecture dealing with "The
Film in a Free Society." He has
aLso directed the Stanford Players
in such productions as "Desire Un
der the Elms," "Othello," "Julius
Caesar," and "Rain."
He will offer a course entitled
Introduction to the Motion Picture,
Speech and Drama 85, which was
omitted from the time schedule this
quarter. The will meet MWF
at 8 in the Little Theater in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Dr. A. Nicholas Vardnc of the
Stanford Speech and Drama De
partment has returned to the cam
pus from a study of movie tech
nique m Western Europe and will
resume instruction in the field of
the motion picture this quarter.
Dr. Vardac has written several
articles on documentary films arH
has delivered a Tuesday Evenin*
Series lecture dealing with "The
Film in a Free Society." He has
aLso directed the Stanford Players
in such productions as "Desire Un
der the Elms," "Othello," "Julius
Caesar," and "Rain."
He will offer a course entitled
Introduction to the Motion Picture,
Speech and Drama 85, which was
omitted from the time schedule this
quarter. The will meet MWF
at 8 in the Little Theater in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Dr. A. Nicholas Vardnc of the
Stanford Speech and Drama De
partment has returned to the cam
pus from a study of movie tech
nique m Western Europe and will
resume instruction in the field of
the motion picture this quarter.
Dr. Vardac has written several
articles on documentary films arH
has delivered a Tuesday Evenin*
Series lecture dealing with "The
Film in a Free Society." He has
aLso directed the Stanford Players
in such productions as "Desire Un
der the Elms," "Othello," "Julius
Caesar," and "Rain."
He will offer a course entitled
Introduction to the Motion Picture,
Speech and Drama 85, which was
omitted from the time schedule this
quarter. The will meet MWF
at 8 in the Little Theater in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Dr. A. Nicholas Vardnc of the
Stanford Speech and Drama De
partment has returned to the cam
pus from a study of movie tech
nique m Western Europe and will
resume instruction in the field of
the motion picture this quarter.
Dr. Vardac has written several
articles on documentary films arH
has delivered a Tuesday Evenin*
Series lecture dealing with "The
Film in a Free Society." He has
aLso directed the Stanford Players
in such productions as "Desire Un
der the Elms," "Othello," "Julius
Caesar," and "Rain."
He will offer a course entitled
Introduction to the Motion Picture,
Speech and Drama 85, which was
omitted from the time schedule this
quarter. The will meet MWF
at 8 in the Little Theater in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Dr. A. Nicholas Vardnc of the
Stanford Speech and Drama De
partment has returned to the cam
pus from a study of movie tech
nique m Western Europe and will
resume instruction in the field of
the motion picture this quarter.
Dr. Vardac has written several
articles on documentary films arH
has delivered a Tuesday Evenin*
Series lecture dealing with "The
Film in a Free Society." He has
aLso directed the Stanford Players
in such productions as "Desire Un
der the Elms," "Othello," "Julius
Caesar," and "Rain."
He will offer a course entitled
Introduction to the Motion Picture,
Speech and Drama 85, which was
omitted from the time schedule this
quarter. The will meet MWF
at 8 in the Little Theater in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Dr. A. Nicholas Vardnc of the
Stanford Speech and Drama De
partment has returned to the cam
pus from a study of movie tech
nique m Western Europe and will
resume instruction in the field of
the motion picture this quarter.
Dr. Vardac has written several
articles on documentary films arH
has delivered a Tuesday Evenin*
Series lecture dealing with "The
Film in a Free Society." He has
aLso directed the Stanford Players
in such productions as "Desire Un
der the Elms," "Othello," "Julius
Caesar," and "Rain."
He will offer a course entitled
Introduction to the Motion Picture,
Speech and Drama 85, which was
omitted from the time schedule this
quarter. The will meet MWF
at 8 in the Little Theater in Memo
rial Auditorium.
