# Baldocchi Wins PCI, NCI Titles
## 
### 
Undefeated all the way, Bob Bal
docchi captured he 173-pound di
vision in the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Boxing Championships last
weekend for Stanford's only points
in the meet.
In the Northern California Inter
collegiates held during dead week,
Baldocchi and Owens fared very
well.
Baldocchi won the 178 pound divi
sion, while Owens and his opponent
landed simultaneous haymakers. His
opponent got up at the count of nine
and Owens didn't.
Undefeated all the way, Bob Bal
docchi captured he 173-pound di
vision in the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Boxing Championships last
weekend for Stanford's only points
in the meet.
In the Northern California Inter
collegiates held during dead week,
Baldocchi and Owens fared very
well.
Baldocchi won the 178 pound divi
sion, while Owens and his opponent
landed simultaneous haymakers. His
opponent got up at the count of nine
and Owens didn't.
Undefeated all the way, Bob Bal
docchi captured he 173-pound di
vision in the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Boxing Championships last
weekend for Stanford's only points
in the meet.
In the Northern California Inter
collegiates held during dead week,
Baldocchi and Owens fared very
well.
Baldocchi won the 178 pound divi
sion, while Owens and his opponent
landed simultaneous haymakers. His
opponent got up at the count of nine
and Owens didn't.
Undefeated all the way, Bob Bal
docchi captured he 173-pound di
vision in the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Boxing Championships last
weekend for Stanford's only points
in the meet.
In the Northern California Inter
collegiates held during dead week,
Baldocchi and Owens fared very
well.
Baldocchi won the 178 pound divi
sion, while Owens and his opponent
landed simultaneous haymakers. His
opponent got up at the count of nine
and Owens didn't.
Undefeated all the way, Bob Bal
docchi captured he 173-pound di
vision in the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Boxing Championships last
weekend for Stanford's only points
in the meet.
In the Northern California Inter
collegiates held during dead week,
Baldocchi and Owens fared very
well.
Baldocchi won the 178 pound divi
sion, while Owens and his opponent
landed simultaneous haymakers. His
opponent got up at the count of nine
and Owens didn't.
Undefeated all the way, Bob Bal
docchi captured he 173-pound di
vision in the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Boxing Championships last
weekend for Stanford's only points
in the meet.
In the Northern California Inter
collegiates held during dead week,
Baldocchi and Owens fared very
well.
Baldocchi won the 178 pound divi
sion, while Owens and his opponent
landed simultaneous haymakers. His
opponent got up at the count of nine
and Owens didn't.
Undefeated all the way, Bob Bal
docchi captured he 173-pound di
vision in the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Boxing Championships last
weekend for Stanford's only points
in the meet.
In the Northern California Inter
collegiates held during dead week,
Baldocchi and Owens fared very
well.
Baldocchi won the 178 pound divi
sion, while Owens and his opponent
landed simultaneous haymakers. His
opponent got up at the count of nine
and Owens didn't.
Undefeated all the way, Bob Bal
docchi captured he 173-pound di
vision in the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Boxing Championships last
weekend for Stanford's only points
in the meet.
In the Northern California Inter
collegiates held during dead week,
Baldocchi and Owens fared very
well.
Baldocchi won the 178 pound divi
sion, while Owens and his opponent
landed simultaneous haymakers. His
opponent got up at the count of nine
and Owens didn't.
Undefeated all the way, Bob Bal
docchi captured he 173-pound di
vision in the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Boxing Championships last
weekend for Stanford's only points
in the meet.
In the Northern California Inter
collegiates held during dead week,
Baldocchi and Owens fared very
well.
Baldocchi won the 178 pound divi
sion, while Owens and his opponent
landed simultaneous haymakers. His
opponent got up at the count of nine
and Owens didn't.
Undefeated all the way, Bob Bal
docchi captured he 173-pound di
vision in the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Boxing Championships last
weekend for Stanford's only points
in the meet.
In the Northern California Inter
collegiates held during dead week,
Baldocchi and Owens fared very
well.
Baldocchi won the 178 pound divi
sion, while Owens and his opponent
landed simultaneous haymakers. His
opponent got up at the count of nine
and Owens didn't.
Undefeated all the way, Bob Bal
docchi captured he 173-pound di
vision in the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Boxing Championships last
weekend for Stanford's only points
in the meet.
In the Northern California Inter
collegiates held during dead week,
Baldocchi and Owens fared very
well.
Baldocchi won the 178 pound divi
sion, while Owens and his opponent
landed simultaneous haymakers. His
opponent got up at the count of nine
and Owens didn't.
Undefeated all the way, Bob Bal
docchi captured he 173-pound di
vision in the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Boxing Championships last
weekend for Stanford's only points
in the meet.
In the Northern California Inter
collegiates held during dead week,
Baldocchi and Owens fared very
well.
Baldocchi won the 178 pound divi
sion, while Owens and his opponent
landed simultaneous haymakers. His
opponent got up at the count of nine
and Owens didn't.
Undefeated all the way, Bob Bal
docchi captured he 173-pound di
vision in the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Boxing Championships last
weekend for Stanford's only points
in the meet.
In the Northern California Inter
collegiates held during dead week,
Baldocchi and Owens fared very
well.
Baldocchi won the 178 pound divi
sion, while Owens and his opponent
landed simultaneous haymakers. His
opponent got up at the count of nine
and Owens didn't.
Undefeated all the way, Bob Bal
docchi captured he 173-pound di
vision in the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Boxing Championships last
weekend for Stanford's only points
in the meet.
In the Northern California Inter
collegiates held during dead week,
Baldocchi and Owens fared very
well.
Baldocchi won the 178 pound divi
sion, while Owens and his opponent
landed simultaneous haymakers. His
opponent got up at the count of nine
and Owens didn't.
Undefeated all the way, Bob Bal
docchi captured he 173-pound di
vision in the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Boxing Championships last
weekend for Stanford's only points
in the meet.
In the Northern California Inter
collegiates held during dead week,
Baldocchi and Owens fared very
well.
Baldocchi won the 178 pound divi
sion, while Owens and his opponent
landed simultaneous haymakers. His
opponent got up at the count of nine
and Owens didn't.
