# Hijakers negotiate in U.K.
## 
### 
STANSTED, England (AP) —
Authorities held "fairly calm and
businesslike" negotiations over
long hours yesterday with appar
ent Afghan dissidents holding a
planeload of at least 150 people
hostage at an airport outside of
London.
Officials did not disclose what
political demands, if any, the
hijackers put forth.
But a diplomat familiar with
earlier negotiations when the air
liner landed in Moscow said those
holding the plane sought to free a
prisoner held in the Afghan city of
Kandahar.
Afghan media speculated the
hijackers were dissidents who
sought the release of Ismail Khan,
a former regional governor who
has been held since 1997 by
Afghanistan's ruling Taliban
movement. Khan is a men ' of
Afghanistan's opposition alliance,
which still rules roughly 10 per
cent of the war-shattered country.
Once in Britain, the hijackers
requested only food, water,
unspecified medical supplies and
that the lavatories on the Afghan
state-run Ariana Airlines plane be
emptied, said John Broughton,
assistant chief constable of the
Essex Police.
He characterized the negotia
tions, conducted in English, as
"fairly calm and businesslike" and
said authorities were patiently
working toward a peaceful solu
tion.
"Negotiations remain our
favorite option," said Joe Edwards,
another assistant chief constable.
~, ... <vjn >>m,< 4 ,I.x.*Vvtkwol
l will sav it could be a very pro
ftSMiJL-i Of »V».;u
tracted technique, it could go on
for days."
He said that the eight captives
released yesterday at Stansted,
Britain's designated airport for
handling hijackings, "tell us they
were very well-treated while they
were onboard."
Earlier yesterday at a news con
ference in Moscow, one of 10 pas
sengers set free there, Mohammad
Bashir Mahal, said there were
eight hijackers, and they appeared
to be Afghani because of their lan
guage and clothes.
"They were all young —
around 25-30 years old, dressed in
traditional Afghan costume — and
to begin with they were threaten
ing," he said in Pashtu, the princi
pal language of Afghanistan. "But
slowly, their aggression subsided
and they treated us quite well. No
one was beaten or insulted. Rela
tions were good."
STANSTED, England (AP) —
Authorities held "fairly calm and
businesslike" negotiations over
long hours yesterday with appar
ent Afghan dissidents holding a
planeload of at least 150 people
hostage at an airport outside of
London.
Officials did not disclose what
political demands, if any, the
hijackers put forth.
But a diplomat familiar with
earlier negotiations when the air
liner landed in Moscow said those
holding the plane sought to free a
prisoner held in the Afghan city of
Kandahar.
Afghan media speculated the
hijackers were dissidents who
sought the release of Ismail Khan,
a former regional governor who
has been held since 1997 by
Afghanistan's ruling Taliban
movement. Khan is a men ' of
Afghanistan's opposition alliance,
which still rules roughly 10 per
cent of the war-shattered country.
Once in Britain, the hijackers
requested only food, water,
unspecified medical supplies and
that the lavatories on the Afghan
state-run Ariana Airlines plane be
emptied, said John Broughton,
assistant chief constable of the
Essex Police.
He characterized the negotia
tions, conducted in English, as
"fairly calm and businesslike" and
said authorities were patiently
working toward a peaceful solu
tion.
"Negotiations remain our
favorite option," said Joe Edwards,
another assistant chief constable.
~, ... <vjn >>m,< 4 ,I.x.*Vvtkwol
l will sav it could be a very pro
ftSMiJL-i Of »V».;u
tracted technique, it could go on
for days."
He said that the eight captives
released yesterday at Stansted,
Britain's designated airport for
handling hijackings, "tell us they
were very well-treated while they
were onboard."
Earlier yesterday at a news con
ference in Moscow, one of 10 pas
sengers set free there, Mohammad
Bashir Mahal, said there were
eight hijackers, and they appeared
to be Afghani because of their lan
guage and clothes.
"They were all young —
around 25-30 years old, dressed in
traditional Afghan costume — and
to begin with they were threaten
ing," he said in Pashtu, the princi
pal language of Afghanistan. "But
slowly, their aggression subsided
and they treated us quite well. No
one was beaten or insulted. Rela
tions were good."
STANSTED, England (AP) —
Authorities held "fairly calm and
businesslike" negotiations over
long hours yesterday with appar
ent Afghan dissidents holding a
planeload of at least 150 people
hostage at an airport outside of
London.
Officials did not disclose what
political demands, if any, the
hijackers put forth.
But a diplomat familiar with
earlier negotiations when the air
liner landed in Moscow said those
holding the plane sought to free a
prisoner held in the Afghan city of
Kandahar.
Afghan media speculated the
hijackers were dissidents who
sought the release of Ismail Khan,
a former regional governor who
has been held since 1997 by
Afghanistan's ruling Taliban
movement. Khan is a men ' of
Afghanistan's opposition alliance,
which still rules roughly 10 per
cent of the war-shattered country.
Once in Britain, the hijackers
requested only food, water,
unspecified medical supplies and
that the lavatories on the Afghan
state-run Ariana Airlines plane be
emptied, said John Broughton,
assistant chief constable of the
Essex Police.
He characterized the negotia
tions, conducted in English, as
"fairly calm and businesslike" and
said authorities were patiently
working toward a peaceful solu
tion.
"Negotiations remain our
favorite option," said Joe Edwards,
another assistant chief constable.
~, ... <vjn >>m,< 4 ,I.x.*Vvtkwol
l will sav it could be a very pro
ftSMiJL-i Of »V».;u
tracted technique, it could go on
for days."
He said that the eight captives
released yesterday at Stansted,
Britain's designated airport for
handling hijackings, "tell us they
were very well-treated while they
were onboard."
Earlier yesterday at a news con
ference in Moscow, one of 10 pas
sengers set free there, Mohammad
Bashir Mahal, said there were
eight hijackers, and they appeared
to be Afghani because of their lan
guage and clothes.
"They were all young —
around 25-30 years old, dressed in
traditional Afghan costume — and
to begin with they were threaten
ing," he said in Pashtu, the princi
pal language of Afghanistan. "But
slowly, their aggression subsided
and they treated us quite well. No
one was beaten or insulted. Rela
tions were good."
STANSTED, England (AP) —
Authorities held "fairly calm and
businesslike" negotiations over
long hours yesterday with appar
ent Afghan dissidents holding a
planeload of at least 150 people
hostage at an airport outside of
London.
Officials did not disclose what
political demands, if any, the
hijackers put forth.
But a diplomat familiar with
earlier negotiations when the air
liner landed in Moscow said those
holding the plane sought to free a
prisoner held in the Afghan city of
Kandahar.
Afghan media speculated the
hijackers were dissidents who
sought the release of Ismail Khan,
a former regional governor who
has been held since 1997 by
Afghanistan's ruling Taliban
movement. Khan is a men ' of
Afghanistan's opposition alliance,
which still rules roughly 10 per
cent of the war-shattered country.
Once in Britain, the hijackers
requested only food, water,
unspecified medical supplies and
that the lavatories on the Afghan
state-run Ariana Airlines plane be
emptied, said John Broughton,
assistant chief constable of the
Essex Police.
He characterized the negotia
tions, conducted in English, as
"fairly calm and businesslike" and
said authorities were patiently
working toward a peaceful solu
tion.
"Negotiations remain our
favorite option," said Joe Edwards,
another assistant chief constable.
~, ... <vjn >>m,< 4 ,I.x.*Vvtkwol
l will sav it could be a very pro
ftSMiJL-i Of »V».;u
tracted technique, it could go on
for days."
He said that the eight captives
released yesterday at Stansted,
Britain's designated airport for
handling hijackings, "tell us they
were very well-treated while they
were onboard."
Earlier yesterday at a news con
ference in Moscow, one of 10 pas
sengers set free there, Mohammad
Bashir Mahal, said there were
eight hijackers, and they appeared
to be Afghani because of their lan
guage and clothes.
"They were all young —
around 25-30 years old, dressed in
traditional Afghan costume — and
to begin with they were threaten
ing," he said in Pashtu, the princi
pal language of Afghanistan. "But
slowly, their aggression subsided
and they treated us quite well. No
one was beaten or insulted. Rela
tions were good."
STANSTED, England (AP) —
Authorities held "fairly calm and
businesslike" negotiations over
long hours yesterday with appar
ent Afghan dissidents holding a
planeload of at least 150 people
hostage at an airport outside of
London.
Officials did not disclose what
political demands, if any, the
hijackers put forth.
But a diplomat familiar with
earlier negotiations when the air
liner landed in Moscow said those
holding the plane sought to free a
prisoner held in the Afghan city of
Kandahar.
Afghan media speculated the
hijackers were dissidents who
sought the release of Ismail Khan,
a former regional governor who
has been held since 1997 by
Afghanistan's ruling Taliban
movement. Khan is a men ' of
Afghanistan's opposition alliance,
which still rules roughly 10 per
cent of the war-shattered country.
Once in Britain, the hijackers
requested only food, water,
unspecified medical supplies and
that the lavatories on the Afghan
state-run Ariana Airlines plane be
emptied, said John Broughton,
assistant chief constable of the
Essex Police.
He characterized the negotia
tions, conducted in English, as
"fairly calm and businesslike" and
said authorities were patiently
working toward a peaceful solu
tion.
"Negotiations remain our
favorite option," said Joe Edwards,
another assistant chief constable.
~, ... <vjn >>m,< 4 ,I.x.*Vvtkwol
l will sav it could be a very pro
ftSMiJL-i Of »V».;u
tracted technique, it could go on
for days."
He said that the eight captives
released yesterday at Stansted,
Britain's designated airport for
handling hijackings, "tell us they
were very well-treated while they
were onboard."
Earlier yesterday at a news con
ference in Moscow, one of 10 pas
sengers set free there, Mohammad
Bashir Mahal, said there were
eight hijackers, and they appeared
to be Afghani because of their lan
guage and clothes.
"They were all young —
around 25-30 years old, dressed in
traditional Afghan costume — and
to begin with they were threaten
ing," he said in Pashtu, the princi
pal language of Afghanistan. "But
slowly, their aggression subsided
and they treated us quite well. No
one was beaten or insulted. Rela
tions were good."
STANSTED, England (AP) —
Authorities held "fairly calm and
businesslike" negotiations over
long hours yesterday with appar
ent Afghan dissidents holding a
planeload of at least 150 people
hostage at an airport outside of
London.
Officials did not disclose what
political demands, if any, the
hijackers put forth.
But a diplomat familiar with
earlier negotiations when the air
liner landed in Moscow said those
holding the plane sought to free a
prisoner held in the Afghan city of
Kandahar.
Afghan media speculated the
hijackers were dissidents who
sought the release of Ismail Khan,
a former regional governor who
has been held since 1997 by
Afghanistan's ruling Taliban
movement. Khan is a men ' of
Afghanistan's opposition alliance,
which still rules roughly 10 per
cent of the war-shattered country.
Once in Britain, the hijackers
requested only food, water,
unspecified medical supplies and
that the lavatories on the Afghan
state-run Ariana Airlines plane be
emptied, said John Broughton,
assistant chief constable of the
Essex Police.
He characterized the negotia
tions, conducted in English, as
"fairly calm and businesslike" and
said authorities were patiently
working toward a peaceful solu
tion.
"Negotiations remain our
favorite option," said Joe Edwards,
another assistant chief constable.
~, ... <vjn >>m,< 4 ,I.x.*Vvtkwol
l will sav it could be a very pro
ftSMiJL-i Of »V».;u
tracted technique, it could go on
for days."
He said that the eight captives
released yesterday at Stansted,
Britain's designated airport for
handling hijackings, "tell us they
were very well-treated while they
were onboard."
Earlier yesterday at a news con
ference in Moscow, one of 10 pas
sengers set free there, Mohammad
Bashir Mahal, said there were
eight hijackers, and they appeared
to be Afghani because of their lan
guage and clothes.
"They were all young —
around 25-30 years old, dressed in
traditional Afghan costume — and
to begin with they were threaten
ing," he said in Pashtu, the princi
pal language of Afghanistan. "But
slowly, their aggression subsided
and they treated us quite well. No
one was beaten or insulted. Rela
tions were good."
