# Senior Fun Time Planned for Zott's
## 
### 
The Senior Class will hold its
first function of the year at 3
p.m. tomorrow at /oil's. High
light of Ihe function will be a
winner lake all Chug contest and
live music by a new "find" in in
strumental groups.
The Senior Class Ex-Com.
known as the Group Really After
Fun Times (GRAFT), is organ
izing the function. All persons
planning on attending are re
minded to bring their I.D.'s.
The Senior Class will hold its
first function of the year at 3
p.m. tomorrow at /oil's. High
light of Ihe function will be a
winner lake all Chug contest and
live music by a new "find" in in
strumental groups.
The Senior Class Ex-Com.
known as the Group Really After
Fun Times (GRAFT), is organ
izing the function. All persons
planning on attending are re
minded to bring their I.D.'s.
The Senior Class will hold its
first function of the year at 3
p.m. tomorrow at /oil's. High
light of Ihe function will be a
winner lake all Chug contest and
live music by a new "find" in in
strumental groups.
The Senior Class Ex-Com.
known as the Group Really After
Fun Times (GRAFT), is organ
izing the function. All persons
planning on attending are re
minded to bring their I.D.'s.
The Senior Class will hold its
first function of the year at 3
p.m. tomorrow at /oil's. High
light of Ihe function will be a
winner lake all Chug contest and
live music by a new "find" in in
strumental groups.
The Senior Class Ex-Com.
known as the Group Really After
Fun Times (GRAFT), is organ
izing the function. All persons
planning on attending are re
minded to bring their I.D.'s.
The Senior Class will hold its
first function of the year at 3
p.m. tomorrow at /oil's. High
light of Ihe function will be a
winner lake all Chug contest and
live music by a new "find" in in
strumental groups.
The Senior Class Ex-Com.
known as the Group Really After
Fun Times (GRAFT), is organ
izing the function. All persons
planning on attending are re
minded to bring their I.D.'s.
The Senior Class will hold its
first function of the year at 3
p.m. tomorrow at /oil's. High
light of Ihe function will be a
winner lake all Chug contest and
live music by a new "find" in in
strumental groups.
The Senior Class Ex-Com.
known as the Group Really After
Fun Times (GRAFT), is organ
izing the function. All persons
planning on attending are re
minded to bring their I.D.'s.
The Senior Class will hold its
first function of the year at 3
p.m. tomorrow at /oil's. High
light of Ihe function will be a
winner lake all Chug contest and
live music by a new "find" in in
strumental groups.
The Senior Class Ex-Com.
known as the Group Really After
Fun Times (GRAFT), is organ
izing the function. All persons
planning on attending are re
minded to bring their I.D.'s.
The Senior Class will hold its
first function of the year at 3
p.m. tomorrow at /oil's. High
light of Ihe function will be a
winner lake all Chug contest and
live music by a new "find" in in
strumental groups.
The Senior Class Ex-Com.
known as the Group Really After
Fun Times (GRAFT), is organ
izing the function. All persons
planning on attending are re
minded to bring their I.D.'s.
The Senior Class will hold its
first function of the year at 3
p.m. tomorrow at /oil's. High
light of Ihe function will be a
winner lake all Chug contest and
live music by a new "find" in in
strumental groups.
The Senior Class Ex-Com.
known as the Group Really After
Fun Times (GRAFT), is organ
izing the function. All persons
planning on attending are re
minded to bring their I.D.'s.
The Senior Class will hold its
first function of the year at 3
p.m. tomorrow at /oil's. High
light of Ihe function will be a
winner lake all Chug contest and
live music by a new "find" in in
strumental groups.
The Senior Class Ex-Com.
known as the Group Really After
Fun Times (GRAFT), is organ
izing the function. All persons
planning on attending are re
minded to bring their I.D.'s.
The Senior Class will hold its
first function of the year at 3
p.m. tomorrow at /oil's. High
light of Ihe function will be a
winner lake all Chug contest and
live music by a new "find" in in
strumental groups.
The Senior Class Ex-Com.
known as the Group Really After
Fun Times (GRAFT), is organ
izing the function. All persons
planning on attending are re
minded to bring their I.D.'s.
The Senior Class will hold its
first function of the year at 3
p.m. tomorrow at /oil's. High
light of Ihe function will be a
winner lake all Chug contest and
live music by a new "find" in in
strumental groups.
The Senior Class Ex-Com.
known as the Group Really After
Fun Times (GRAFT), is organ
izing the function. All persons
planning on attending are re
minded to bring their I.D.'s.
The Senior Class will hold its
first function of the year at 3
p.m. tomorrow at /oil's. High
light of Ihe function will be a
winner lake all Chug contest and
live music by a new "find" in in
strumental groups.
The Senior Class Ex-Com.
known as the Group Really After
Fun Times (GRAFT), is organ
izing the function. All persons
planning on attending are re
minded to bring their I.D.'s.
The Senior Class will hold its
first function of the year at 3
p.m. tomorrow at /oil's. High
light of Ihe function will be a
winner lake all Chug contest and
live music by a new "find" in in
strumental groups.
The Senior Class Ex-Com.
known as the Group Really After
Fun Times (GRAFT), is organ
izing the function. All persons
planning on attending are re
minded to bring their I.D.'s.
The Senior Class will hold its
first function of the year at 3
p.m. tomorrow at /oil's. High
light of Ihe function will be a
winner lake all Chug contest and
live music by a new "find" in in
strumental groups.
The Senior Class Ex-Com.
known as the Group Really After
Fun Times (GRAFT), is organ
izing the function. All persons
planning on attending are re
minded to bring their I.D.'s.
The Senior Class will hold its
first function of the year at 3
p.m. tomorrow at /oil's. High
light of Ihe function will be a
winner lake all Chug contest and
live music by a new "find" in in
strumental groups.
The Senior Class Ex-Com.
known as the Group Really After
Fun Times (GRAFT), is organ
izing the function. All persons
planning on attending are re
minded to bring their I.D.'s.
The Senior Class will hold its
first function of the year at 3
p.m. tomorrow at /oil's. High
light of Ihe function will be a
winner lake all Chug contest and
live music by a new "find" in in
strumental groups.
The Senior Class Ex-Com.
known as the Group Really After
Fun Times (GRAFT), is organ
izing the function. All persons
planning on attending are re
minded to bring their I.D.'s.
