# PLANS FOR SWIMMING TANK MADE POSSIBLE BT TRUSTEES' ACTION
## Thousand Dollar Appropriation For Enlargement of the Filtration Plant REMOVES LAST OBSTACLE 
### 
Word was received by Dr. Stolz this
morning in a communication from Mr.
Vanderlynn Stowe, Treasurer of Stan
ford, that the Hoa.id of Trustees' Com
mittee on Grounds has officially appro
priated the sum of $1,000 for the pur
pose of enlarging the new gymnasium
filtration plant. This generous meas
ure will allow the erection of a suit
able swimming tank by the Student
Body. Executive Committee action
has been postponed pending the action
of the Hoard of Trustees, and the an
nouncement made this morning is the
signal for definite arrangements on
the part of the students.
It is very probable that it will not
be necessary to devote the entire
amount for the purpose, but the sum
named is the maximum which will be
allowed by the Hoard of Trustees.
During the whole affair the Hoard has
evinced a very decided willingness to
co-operate with the stud?nts as far as
available funds permit,'and Dr. Stolz
expressed himself as being very grat
ified with the result.
Plans fo.r the plunge have been ten
tatively drawn up in case the scheme
should be approved by the Trustees,
and estimates place the probable cost
of the structure at between two and
three thousand dollars, although this
figure is merely a rough estimate.
Word was received by Dr. Stolz this
morning in a communication from Mr.
Vanderlynn Stowe, Treasurer of Stan
ford, that the Hoa.id of Trustees' Com
mittee on Grounds has officially appro
priated the sum of $1,000 for the pur
pose of enlarging the new gymnasium
filtration plant. This generous meas
ure will allow the erection of a suit
able swimming tank by the Student
Body. Executive Committee action
has been postponed pending the action
of the Hoard of Trustees, and the an
nouncement made this morning is the
signal for definite arrangements on
the part of the students.
It is very probable that it will not
be necessary to devote the entire
amount for the purpose, but the sum
named is the maximum which will be
allowed by the Hoard of Trustees.
During the whole affair the Hoard has
evinced a very decided willingness to
co-operate with the stud?nts as far as
available funds permit,'and Dr. Stolz
expressed himself as being very grat
ified with the result.
Plans fo.r the plunge have been ten
tatively drawn up in case the scheme
should be approved by the Trustees,
and estimates place the probable cost
of the structure at between two and
three thousand dollars, although this
figure is merely a rough estimate.
Word was received by Dr. Stolz this
morning in a communication from Mr.
Vanderlynn Stowe, Treasurer of Stan
ford, that the Hoa.id of Trustees' Com
mittee on Grounds has officially appro
priated the sum of $1,000 for the pur
pose of enlarging the new gymnasium
filtration plant. This generous meas
ure will allow the erection of a suit
able swimming tank by the Student
Body. Executive Committee action
has been postponed pending the action
of the Hoard of Trustees, and the an
nouncement made this morning is the
signal for definite arrangements on
the part of the students.
It is very probable that it will not
be necessary to devote the entire
amount for the purpose, but the sum
named is the maximum which will be
allowed by the Hoard of Trustees.
During the whole affair the Hoard has
evinced a very decided willingness to
co-operate with the stud?nts as far as
available funds permit,'and Dr. Stolz
expressed himself as being very grat
ified with the result.
Plans fo.r the plunge have been ten
tatively drawn up in case the scheme
should be approved by the Trustees,
and estimates place the probable cost
of the structure at between two and
three thousand dollars, although this
figure is merely a rough estimate.
Word was received by Dr. Stolz this
morning in a communication from Mr.
Vanderlynn Stowe, Treasurer of Stan
ford, that the Hoa.id of Trustees' Com
mittee on Grounds has officially appro
priated the sum of $1,000 for the pur
pose of enlarging the new gymnasium
filtration plant. This generous meas
ure will allow the erection of a suit
able swimming tank by the Student
Body. Executive Committee action
has been postponed pending the action
of the Hoard of Trustees, and the an
nouncement made this morning is the
signal for definite arrangements on
the part of the students.
It is very probable that it will not
be necessary to devote the entire
amount for the purpose, but the sum
named is the maximum which will be
allowed by the Hoard of Trustees.
During the whole affair the Hoard has
evinced a very decided willingness to
co-operate with the stud?nts as far as
available funds permit,'and Dr. Stolz
expressed himself as being very grat
ified with the result.
Plans fo.r the plunge have been ten
tatively drawn up in case the scheme
should be approved by the Trustees,
and estimates place the probable cost
of the structure at between two and
three thousand dollars, although this
figure is merely a rough estimate.
Word was received by Dr. Stolz this
morning in a communication from Mr.
Vanderlynn Stowe, Treasurer of Stan
ford, that the Hoa.id of Trustees' Com
mittee on Grounds has officially appro
priated the sum of $1,000 for the pur
pose of enlarging the new gymnasium
filtration plant. This generous meas
ure will allow the erection of a suit
able swimming tank by the Student
Body. Executive Committee action
has been postponed pending the action
of the Hoard of Trustees, and the an
nouncement made this morning is the
signal for definite arrangements on
the part of the students.
It is very probable that it will not
be necessary to devote the entire
amount for the purpose, but the sum
named is the maximum which will be
allowed by the Hoard of Trustees.
During the whole affair the Hoard has
evinced a very decided willingness to
co-operate with the stud?nts as far as
available funds permit,'and Dr. Stolz
expressed himself as being very grat
ified with the result.
Plans fo.r the plunge have been ten
tatively drawn up in case the scheme
should be approved by the Trustees,
and estimates place the probable cost
of the structure at between two and
three thousand dollars, although this
figure is merely a rough estimate.
Word was received by Dr. Stolz this
morning in a communication from Mr.
Vanderlynn Stowe, Treasurer of Stan
ford, that the Hoa.id of Trustees' Com
mittee on Grounds has officially appro
priated the sum of $1,000 for the pur
pose of enlarging the new gymnasium
filtration plant. This generous meas
ure will allow the erection of a suit
able swimming tank by the Student
Body. Executive Committee action
has been postponed pending the action
of the Hoard of Trustees, and the an
nouncement made this morning is the
signal for definite arrangements on
the part of the students.
It is very probable that it will not
be necessary to devote the entire
amount for the purpose, but the sum
named is the maximum which will be
allowed by the Hoard of Trustees.
During the whole affair the Hoard has
evinced a very decided willingness to
co-operate with the stud?nts as far as
available funds permit,'and Dr. Stolz
expressed himself as being very grat
ified with the result.
Plans fo.r the plunge have been ten
tatively drawn up in case the scheme
should be approved by the Trustees,
and estimates place the probable cost
of the structure at between two and
three thousand dollars, although this
figure is merely a rough estimate.
Word was received by Dr. Stolz this
morning in a communication from Mr.
Vanderlynn Stowe, Treasurer of Stan
ford, that the Hoa.id of Trustees' Com
mittee on Grounds has officially appro
priated the sum of $1,000 for the pur
pose of enlarging the new gymnasium
filtration plant. This generous meas
ure will allow the erection of a suit
able swimming tank by the Student
Body. Executive Committee action
has been postponed pending the action
of the Hoard of Trustees, and the an
nouncement made this morning is the
signal for definite arrangements on
the part of the students.
It is very probable that it will not
be necessary to devote the entire
amount for the purpose, but the sum
named is the maximum which will be
allowed by the Hoard of Trustees.
During the whole affair the Hoard has
evinced a very decided willingness to
co-operate with the stud?nts as far as
available funds permit,'and Dr. Stolz
expressed himself as being very grat
ified with the result.
Plans fo.r the plunge have been ten
tatively drawn up in case the scheme
should be approved by the Trustees,
and estimates place the probable cost
of the structure at between two and
three thousand dollars, although this
figure is merely a rough estimate.
Word was received by Dr. Stolz this
morning in a communication from Mr.
Vanderlynn Stowe, Treasurer of Stan
ford, that the Hoa.id of Trustees' Com
mittee on Grounds has officially appro
priated the sum of $1,000 for the pur
pose of enlarging the new gymnasium
filtration plant. This generous meas
ure will allow the erection of a suit
able swimming tank by the Student
Body. Executive Committee action
has been postponed pending the action
of the Hoard of Trustees, and the an
nouncement made this morning is the
signal for definite arrangements on
the part of the students.
It is very probable that it will not
be necessary to devote the entire
amount for the purpose, but the sum
named is the maximum which will be
allowed by the Hoard of Trustees.
During the whole affair the Hoard has
evinced a very decided willingness to
co-operate with the stud?nts as far as
available funds permit,'and Dr. Stolz
expressed himself as being very grat
ified with the result.
Plans fo.r the plunge have been ten
tatively drawn up in case the scheme
should be approved by the Trustees,
and estimates place the probable cost
of the structure at between two and
three thousand dollars, although this
figure is merely a rough estimate.
Word was received by Dr. Stolz this
morning in a communication from Mr.
Vanderlynn Stowe, Treasurer of Stan
ford, that the Hoa.id of Trustees' Com
mittee on Grounds has officially appro
priated the sum of $1,000 for the pur
pose of enlarging the new gymnasium
filtration plant. This generous meas
ure will allow the erection of a suit
able swimming tank by the Student
Body. Executive Committee action
has been postponed pending the action
of the Hoard of Trustees, and the an
nouncement made this morning is the
signal for definite arrangements on
the part of the students.
It is very probable that it will not
be necessary to devote the entire
amount for the purpose, but the sum
named is the maximum which will be
allowed by the Hoard of Trustees.
During the whole affair the Hoard has
evinced a very decided willingness to
co-operate with the stud?nts as far as
available funds permit,'and Dr. Stolz
expressed himself as being very grat
ified with the result.
Plans fo.r the plunge have been ten
tatively drawn up in case the scheme
should be approved by the Trustees,
and estimates place the probable cost
of the structure at between two and
three thousand dollars, although this
figure is merely a rough estimate.
Word was received by Dr. Stolz this
morning in a communication from Mr.
Vanderlynn Stowe, Treasurer of Stan
ford, that the Hoa.id of Trustees' Com
mittee on Grounds has officially appro
priated the sum of $1,000 for the pur
pose of enlarging the new gymnasium
filtration plant. This generous meas
ure will allow the erection of a suit
able swimming tank by the Student
Body. Executive Committee action
has been postponed pending the action
of the Hoard of Trustees, and the an
nouncement made this morning is the
signal for definite arrangements on
the part of the students.
It is very probable that it will not
be necessary to devote the entire
amount for the purpose, but the sum
named is the maximum which will be
allowed by the Hoard of Trustees.
During the whole affair the Hoard has
evinced a very decided willingness to
co-operate with the stud?nts as far as
available funds permit,'and Dr. Stolz
expressed himself as being very grat
ified with the result.
Plans fo.r the plunge have been ten
tatively drawn up in case the scheme
should be approved by the Trustees,
and estimates place the probable cost
of the structure at between two and
three thousand dollars, although this
figure is merely a rough estimate.
Word was received by Dr. Stolz this
morning in a communication from Mr.
Vanderlynn Stowe, Treasurer of Stan
ford, that the Hoa.id of Trustees' Com
mittee on Grounds has officially appro
priated the sum of $1,000 for the pur
pose of enlarging the new gymnasium
filtration plant. This generous meas
ure will allow the erection of a suit
able swimming tank by the Student
Body. Executive Committee action
has been postponed pending the action
of the Hoard of Trustees, and the an
nouncement made this morning is the
signal for definite arrangements on
the part of the students.
It is very probable that it will not
be necessary to devote the entire
amount for the purpose, but the sum
named is the maximum which will be
allowed by the Hoard of Trustees.
During the whole affair the Hoard has
evinced a very decided willingness to
co-operate with the stud?nts as far as
available funds permit,'and Dr. Stolz
expressed himself as being very grat
ified with the result.
Plans fo.r the plunge have been ten
tatively drawn up in case the scheme
should be approved by the Trustees,
and estimates place the probable cost
of the structure at between two and
three thousand dollars, although this
figure is merely a rough estimate.
Word was received by Dr. Stolz this
morning in a communication from Mr.
Vanderlynn Stowe, Treasurer of Stan
ford, that the Hoa.id of Trustees' Com
mittee on Grounds has officially appro
priated the sum of $1,000 for the pur
pose of enlarging the new gymnasium
filtration plant. This generous meas
ure will allow the erection of a suit
able swimming tank by the Student
Body. Executive Committee action
has been postponed pending the action
of the Hoard of Trustees, and the an
nouncement made this morning is the
signal for definite arrangements on
the part of the students.
It is very probable that it will not
be necessary to devote the entire
amount for the purpose, but the sum
named is the maximum which will be
allowed by the Hoard of Trustees.
During the whole affair the Hoard has
evinced a very decided willingness to
co-operate with the stud?nts as far as
available funds permit,'and Dr. Stolz
expressed himself as being very grat
ified with the result.
Plans fo.r the plunge have been ten
tatively drawn up in case the scheme
should be approved by the Trustees,
and estimates place the probable cost
of the structure at between two and
three thousand dollars, although this
figure is merely a rough estimate.
Word was received by Dr. Stolz this
morning in a communication from Mr.
Vanderlynn Stowe, Treasurer of Stan
ford, that the Hoa.id of Trustees' Com
mittee on Grounds has officially appro
priated the sum of $1,000 for the pur
pose of enlarging the new gymnasium
filtration plant. This generous meas
ure will allow the erection of a suit
able swimming tank by the Student
Body. Executive Committee action
has been postponed pending the action
of the Hoard of Trustees, and the an
nouncement made this morning is the
signal for definite arrangements on
the part of the students.
It is very probable that it will not
be necessary to devote the entire
amount for the purpose, but the sum
named is the maximum which will be
allowed by the Hoard of Trustees.
During the whole affair the Hoard has
evinced a very decided willingness to
co-operate with the stud?nts as far as
available funds permit,'and Dr. Stolz
expressed himself as being very grat
ified with the result.
Plans fo.r the plunge have been ten
tatively drawn up in case the scheme
should be approved by the Trustees,
and estimates place the probable cost
of the structure at between two and
three thousand dollars, although this
figure is merely a rough estimate.
