# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Manzanita Lodge announces the
engagement of Marilyn Miler, '56,
to John Harlin, '57, Theta Chi.
Manzanita Lodge announces the
engagement of Marilyn Miler, '56,
to John Harlin, '57, Theta Chi.
Manzanita Lodge announces the
engagement of Marilyn Miler, '56,
to John Harlin, '57, Theta Chi.
Manzanita Lodge announces the
engagement of Marilyn Miler, '56,
to John Harlin, '57, Theta Chi.
Manzanita Lodge announces the
engagement of Marilyn Miler, '56,
to John Harlin, '57, Theta Chi.
Manzanita Lodge announces the
engagement of Marilyn Miler, '56,
to John Harlin, '57, Theta Chi.
Manzanita Lodge announces the
engagement of Marilyn Miler, '56,
to John Harlin, '57, Theta Chi.
Manzanita Lodge announces the
engagement of Marilyn Miler, '56,
to John Harlin, '57, Theta Chi.
Manzanita Lodge announces the
engagement of Marilyn Miler, '56,
to John Harlin, '57, Theta Chi.
Manzanita Lodge announces the
engagement of Marilyn Miler, '56,
to John Harlin, '57, Theta Chi.
Manzanita Lodge announces the
engagement of Marilyn Miler, '56,
to John Harlin, '57, Theta Chi.
Manzanita Lodge announces the
engagement of Marilyn Miler, '56,
to John Harlin, '57, Theta Chi.
Manzanita Lodge announces the
engagement of Marilyn Miler, '56,
to John Harlin, '57, Theta Chi.
Manzanita Lodge announces the
engagement of Marilyn Miler, '56,
to John Harlin, '57, Theta Chi.
Manzanita Lodge announces the
engagement of Marilyn Miler, '56,
to John Harlin, '57, Theta Chi.
