# S.U.E. Tryouts
## 
### 
Tryouts for the Study of Under
graduate Education Committee will
be held Thursday and Friday from
4:15 to 6 p.m.
Interview applications may be
picked up in the ASSU office Mon
day through Wednesday. Applica
tions are due Wednesday at 5 p.m.
The tryouts are open to membei's of
all classes.
Tryouts for the Study of Under
graduate Education Committee will
be held Thursday and Friday from
4:15 to 6 p.m.
Interview applications may be
picked up in the ASSU office Mon
day through Wednesday. Applica
tions are due Wednesday at 5 p.m.
The tryouts are open to membei's of
all classes.
Tryouts for the Study of Under
graduate Education Committee will
be held Thursday and Friday from
4:15 to 6 p.m.
Interview applications may be
picked up in the ASSU office Mon
day through Wednesday. Applica
tions are due Wednesday at 5 p.m.
The tryouts are open to membei's of
all classes.
Tryouts for the Study of Under
graduate Education Committee will
be held Thursday and Friday from
4:15 to 6 p.m.
Interview applications may be
picked up in the ASSU office Mon
day through Wednesday. Applica
tions are due Wednesday at 5 p.m.
The tryouts are open to membei's of
all classes.
Tryouts for the Study of Under
graduate Education Committee will
be held Thursday and Friday from
4:15 to 6 p.m.
Interview applications may be
picked up in the ASSU office Mon
day through Wednesday. Applica
tions are due Wednesday at 5 p.m.
The tryouts are open to membei's of
all classes.
Tryouts for the Study of Under
graduate Education Committee will
be held Thursday and Friday from
4:15 to 6 p.m.
Interview applications may be
picked up in the ASSU office Mon
day through Wednesday. Applica
tions are due Wednesday at 5 p.m.
The tryouts are open to membei's of
all classes.
Tryouts for the Study of Under
graduate Education Committee will
be held Thursday and Friday from
4:15 to 6 p.m.
Interview applications may be
picked up in the ASSU office Mon
day through Wednesday. Applica
tions are due Wednesday at 5 p.m.
The tryouts are open to membei's of
all classes.
Tryouts for the Study of Under
graduate Education Committee will
be held Thursday and Friday from
4:15 to 6 p.m.
Interview applications may be
picked up in the ASSU office Mon
day through Wednesday. Applica
tions are due Wednesday at 5 p.m.
The tryouts are open to membei's of
all classes.
Tryouts for the Study of Under
graduate Education Committee will
be held Thursday and Friday from
4:15 to 6 p.m.
Interview applications may be
picked up in the ASSU office Mon
day through Wednesday. Applica
tions are due Wednesday at 5 p.m.
The tryouts are open to membei's of
all classes.
Tryouts for the Study of Under
graduate Education Committee will
be held Thursday and Friday from
4:15 to 6 p.m.
Interview applications may be
picked up in the ASSU office Mon
day through Wednesday. Applica
tions are due Wednesday at 5 p.m.
The tryouts are open to membei's of
all classes.
Tryouts for the Study of Under
graduate Education Committee will
be held Thursday and Friday from
4:15 to 6 p.m.
Interview applications may be
picked up in the ASSU office Mon
day through Wednesday. Applica
tions are due Wednesday at 5 p.m.
The tryouts are open to membei's of
all classes.
Tryouts for the Study of Under
graduate Education Committee will
be held Thursday and Friday from
4:15 to 6 p.m.
Interview applications may be
picked up in the ASSU office Mon
day through Wednesday. Applica
tions are due Wednesday at 5 p.m.
The tryouts are open to membei's of
all classes.
Tryouts for the Study of Under
graduate Education Committee will
be held Thursday and Friday from
4:15 to 6 p.m.
Interview applications may be
picked up in the ASSU office Mon
day through Wednesday. Applica
tions are due Wednesday at 5 p.m.
The tryouts are open to membei's of
all classes.
Tryouts for the Study of Under
graduate Education Committee will
be held Thursday and Friday from
4:15 to 6 p.m.
Interview applications may be
picked up in the ASSU office Mon
day through Wednesday. Applica
tions are due Wednesday at 5 p.m.
The tryouts are open to membei's of
all classes.
Tryouts for the Study of Under
graduate Education Committee will
be held Thursday and Friday from
4:15 to 6 p.m.
Interview applications may be
picked up in the ASSU office Mon
day through Wednesday. Applica
tions are due Wednesday at 5 p.m.
The tryouts are open to membei's of
all classes.
