# Adv. 24 Page 6
## 
### 
See Kaiser Aluminum'seyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
See Kaiser Aluminum'seyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
See Kaiser Aluminum'seyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
See Kaiser Aluminum'seyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
See Kaiser Aluminum'seyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
See Kaiser Aluminum'seyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
See Kaiser Aluminum'seyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
See Kaiser Aluminum'seyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
See Kaiser Aluminum'seyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
See Kaiser Aluminum'seyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
See Kaiser Aluminum'seyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
See Kaiser Aluminum'seyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
See Kaiser Aluminum'seyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
See Kaiser Aluminum'seyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
See Kaiser Aluminum'seyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
See Kaiser Aluminum'seyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
