# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
HMHiiiiP
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
HMHiiiiP
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
HMHiiiiP
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
HMHiiiiP
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
HMHiiiiP
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
HMHiiiiP
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
HMHiiiiP
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
HMHiiiiP
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
HMHiiiiP
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
HMHiiiiP
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
HMHiiiiP
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
HMHiiiiP
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
HMHiiiiP
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
HMHiiiiP
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
HMHiiiiP
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
HMHiiiiP
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
