# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Imagine it. Your
viewpoints
enlightening the
campus for a whole
day. Your ideas hotly
debated over leisurely
food-service
breakfasts. Your
columns eliciting
responses from dozens
of people who think
you're wrong.
How can you do all
this? Well, it's rather
easy. Just type down
your convincing
arguments, double
spacing with 57
characters per line.
Then drop them in the
Opinions box at the
Daily office, centrally
located in the Storke
Building (opposite the
Terman fountain).
The Daily also
welcomes editorial
cartoons, lust make
sure that yours is
inked-in and
rectangular, so that we
can reproduce it.
Imagine it. Your
viewpoints
enlightening the
campus for a whole
day. Your ideas hotly
debated over leisurely
food-service
breakfasts. Your
columns eliciting
responses from dozens
of people who think
you're wrong.
How can you do all
this? Well, it's rather
easy. Just type down
your convincing
arguments, double
spacing with 57
characters per line.
Then drop them in the
Opinions box at the
Daily office, centrally
located in the Storke
Building (opposite the
Terman fountain).
The Daily also
welcomes editorial
cartoons, lust make
sure that yours is
inked-in and
rectangular, so that we
can reproduce it.
Imagine it. Your
viewpoints
enlightening the
campus for a whole
day. Your ideas hotly
debated over leisurely
food-service
breakfasts. Your
columns eliciting
responses from dozens
of people who think
you're wrong.
How can you do all
this? Well, it's rather
easy. Just type down
your convincing
arguments, double
spacing with 57
characters per line.
Then drop them in the
Opinions box at the
Daily office, centrally
located in the Storke
Building (opposite the
Terman fountain).
The Daily also
welcomes editorial
cartoons, lust make
sure that yours is
inked-in and
rectangular, so that we
can reproduce it.
Imagine it. Your
viewpoints
enlightening the
campus for a whole
day. Your ideas hotly
debated over leisurely
food-service
breakfasts. Your
columns eliciting
responses from dozens
of people who think
you're wrong.
How can you do all
this? Well, it's rather
easy. Just type down
your convincing
arguments, double
spacing with 57
characters per line.
Then drop them in the
Opinions box at the
Daily office, centrally
located in the Storke
Building (opposite the
Terman fountain).
The Daily also
welcomes editorial
cartoons, lust make
sure that yours is
inked-in and
rectangular, so that we
can reproduce it.
Imagine it. Your
viewpoints
enlightening the
campus for a whole
day. Your ideas hotly
debated over leisurely
food-service
breakfasts. Your
columns eliciting
responses from dozens
of people who think
you're wrong.
How can you do all
this? Well, it's rather
easy. Just type down
your convincing
arguments, double
spacing with 57
characters per line.
Then drop them in the
Opinions box at the
Daily office, centrally
located in the Storke
Building (opposite the
Terman fountain).
The Daily also
welcomes editorial
cartoons, lust make
sure that yours is
inked-in and
rectangular, so that we
can reproduce it.
Imagine it. Your
viewpoints
enlightening the
campus for a whole
day. Your ideas hotly
debated over leisurely
food-service
breakfasts. Your
columns eliciting
responses from dozens
of people who think
you're wrong.
How can you do all
this? Well, it's rather
easy. Just type down
your convincing
arguments, double
spacing with 57
characters per line.
Then drop them in the
Opinions box at the
Daily office, centrally
located in the Storke
Building (opposite the
Terman fountain).
The Daily also
welcomes editorial
cartoons, lust make
sure that yours is
inked-in and
rectangular, so that we
can reproduce it.
Imagine it. Your
viewpoints
enlightening the
campus for a whole
day. Your ideas hotly
debated over leisurely
food-service
breakfasts. Your
columns eliciting
responses from dozens
of people who think
you're wrong.
How can you do all
this? Well, it's rather
easy. Just type down
your convincing
arguments, double
spacing with 57
characters per line.
Then drop them in the
Opinions box at the
Daily office, centrally
located in the Storke
Building (opposite the
Terman fountain).
The Daily also
welcomes editorial
cartoons, lust make
sure that yours is
inked-in and
rectangular, so that we
can reproduce it.
Imagine it. Your
viewpoints
enlightening the
campus for a whole
day. Your ideas hotly
debated over leisurely
food-service
breakfasts. Your
columns eliciting
responses from dozens
of people who think
you're wrong.
How can you do all
this? Well, it's rather
easy. Just type down
your convincing
arguments, double
spacing with 57
characters per line.
Then drop them in the
Opinions box at the
Daily office, centrally
located in the Storke
Building (opposite the
Terman fountain).
The Daily also
welcomes editorial
cartoons, lust make
sure that yours is
inked-in and
rectangular, so that we
can reproduce it.
