# Will Box and Wrestle.
## 
### 
In all probability the Stanford Gym
nasium club is to have an informal
boxing and wrestling meet with sev
eral members of the Olympic Club on
Thursday evening. Roth the Olympic
Club and the local men have expressed
a desire for such an evening but up
to the present time have been unable
to arrange a date. Instructor Long is
awaiting a favorable reply from the
Olympic Club before making- final ar
rangements. A member of well
known Stanford athletes are to take
part. J. R. Pemberton, '08, H. R.
Stolz, '09, J. M. Hughes, '13, and E. T.
Scott, '13, will participate with the
Olympic boxers, while J. H. Wiggins,
'09, J. M. Hughes, '13, and A. F. Mes
ton, '10, will represent the Gym club
in the wrestling events.
In all probability the Stanford Gym
nasium club is to have an informal
boxing and wrestling meet with sev
eral members of the Olympic Club on
Thursday evening. Roth the Olympic
Club and the local men have expressed
a desire for such an evening but up
to the present time have been unable
to arrange a date. Instructor Long is
awaiting a favorable reply from the
Olympic Club before making- final ar
rangements. A member of well
known Stanford athletes are to take
part. J. R. Pemberton, '08, H. R.
Stolz, '09, J. M. Hughes, '13, and E. T.
Scott, '13, will participate with the
Olympic boxers, while J. H. Wiggins,
'09, J. M. Hughes, '13, and A. F. Mes
ton, '10, will represent the Gym club
in the wrestling events.
In all probability the Stanford Gym
nasium club is to have an informal
boxing and wrestling meet with sev
eral members of the Olympic Club on
Thursday evening. Roth the Olympic
Club and the local men have expressed
a desire for such an evening but up
to the present time have been unable
to arrange a date. Instructor Long is
awaiting a favorable reply from the
Olympic Club before making- final ar
rangements. A member of well
known Stanford athletes are to take
part. J. R. Pemberton, '08, H. R.
Stolz, '09, J. M. Hughes, '13, and E. T.
Scott, '13, will participate with the
Olympic boxers, while J. H. Wiggins,
'09, J. M. Hughes, '13, and A. F. Mes
ton, '10, will represent the Gym club
in the wrestling events.
In all probability the Stanford Gym
nasium club is to have an informal
boxing and wrestling meet with sev
eral members of the Olympic Club on
Thursday evening. Roth the Olympic
Club and the local men have expressed
a desire for such an evening but up
to the present time have been unable
to arrange a date. Instructor Long is
awaiting a favorable reply from the
Olympic Club before making- final ar
rangements. A member of well
known Stanford athletes are to take
part. J. R. Pemberton, '08, H. R.
Stolz, '09, J. M. Hughes, '13, and E. T.
Scott, '13, will participate with the
Olympic boxers, while J. H. Wiggins,
'09, J. M. Hughes, '13, and A. F. Mes
ton, '10, will represent the Gym club
in the wrestling events.
In all probability the Stanford Gym
nasium club is to have an informal
boxing and wrestling meet with sev
eral members of the Olympic Club on
Thursday evening. Roth the Olympic
Club and the local men have expressed
a desire for such an evening but up
to the present time have been unable
to arrange a date. Instructor Long is
awaiting a favorable reply from the
Olympic Club before making- final ar
rangements. A member of well
known Stanford athletes are to take
part. J. R. Pemberton, '08, H. R.
Stolz, '09, J. M. Hughes, '13, and E. T.
Scott, '13, will participate with the
Olympic boxers, while J. H. Wiggins,
'09, J. M. Hughes, '13, and A. F. Mes
ton, '10, will represent the Gym club
in the wrestling events.
In all probability the Stanford Gym
nasium club is to have an informal
boxing and wrestling meet with sev
eral members of the Olympic Club on
Thursday evening. Roth the Olympic
Club and the local men have expressed
a desire for such an evening but up
to the present time have been unable
to arrange a date. Instructor Long is
awaiting a favorable reply from the
Olympic Club before making- final ar
rangements. A member of well
known Stanford athletes are to take
part. J. R. Pemberton, '08, H. R.
Stolz, '09, J. M. Hughes, '13, and E. T.
Scott, '13, will participate with the
Olympic boxers, while J. H. Wiggins,
'09, J. M. Hughes, '13, and A. F. Mes
ton, '10, will represent the Gym club
in the wrestling events.
In all probability the Stanford Gym
nasium club is to have an informal
boxing and wrestling meet with sev
eral members of the Olympic Club on
Thursday evening. Roth the Olympic
Club and the local men have expressed
a desire for such an evening but up
to the present time have been unable
to arrange a date. Instructor Long is
awaiting a favorable reply from the
Olympic Club before making- final ar
rangements. A member of well
known Stanford athletes are to take
part. J. R. Pemberton, '08, H. R.
Stolz, '09, J. M. Hughes, '13, and E. T.
Scott, '13, will participate with the
Olympic boxers, while J. H. Wiggins,
'09, J. M. Hughes, '13, and A. F. Mes
ton, '10, will represent the Gym club
in the wrestling events.
In all probability the Stanford Gym
nasium club is to have an informal
boxing and wrestling meet with sev
eral members of the Olympic Club on
Thursday evening. Roth the Olympic
Club and the local men have expressed
a desire for such an evening but up
to the present time have been unable
to arrange a date. Instructor Long is
awaiting a favorable reply from the
Olympic Club before making- final ar
rangements. A member of well
known Stanford athletes are to take
part. J. R. Pemberton, '08, H. R.
Stolz, '09, J. M. Hughes, '13, and E. T.
Scott, '13, will participate with the
Olympic boxers, while J. H. Wiggins,
'09, J. M. Hughes, '13, and A. F. Mes
ton, '10, will represent the Gym club
in the wrestling events.
In all probability the Stanford Gym
nasium club is to have an informal
boxing and wrestling meet with sev
eral members of the Olympic Club on
Thursday evening. Roth the Olympic
Club and the local men have expressed
a desire for such an evening but up
to the present time have been unable
to arrange a date. Instructor Long is
awaiting a favorable reply from the
Olympic Club before making- final ar
rangements. A member of well
known Stanford athletes are to take
part. J. R. Pemberton, '08, H. R.
Stolz, '09, J. M. Hughes, '13, and E. T.
Scott, '13, will participate with the
Olympic boxers, while J. H. Wiggins,
'09, J. M. Hughes, '13, and A. F. Mes
ton, '10, will represent the Gym club
in the wrestling events.
In all probability the Stanford Gym
nasium club is to have an informal
boxing and wrestling meet with sev
eral members of the Olympic Club on
Thursday evening. Roth the Olympic
Club and the local men have expressed
a desire for such an evening but up
to the present time have been unable
to arrange a date. Instructor Long is
awaiting a favorable reply from the
Olympic Club before making- final ar
rangements. A member of well
known Stanford athletes are to take
part. J. R. Pemberton, '08, H. R.
Stolz, '09, J. M. Hughes, '13, and E. T.
Scott, '13, will participate with the
Olympic boxers, while J. H. Wiggins,
'09, J. M. Hughes, '13, and A. F. Mes
ton, '10, will represent the Gym club
in the wrestling events.
In all probability the Stanford Gym
nasium club is to have an informal
boxing and wrestling meet with sev
eral members of the Olympic Club on
Thursday evening. Roth the Olympic
Club and the local men have expressed
a desire for such an evening but up
to the present time have been unable
to arrange a date. Instructor Long is
awaiting a favorable reply from the
Olympic Club before making- final ar
rangements. A member of well
known Stanford athletes are to take
part. J. R. Pemberton, '08, H. R.
Stolz, '09, J. M. Hughes, '13, and E. T.
Scott, '13, will participate with the
Olympic boxers, while J. H. Wiggins,
'09, J. M. Hughes, '13, and A. F. Mes
ton, '10, will represent the Gym club
in the wrestling events.
