# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Assembly Wednesday at 11
Wthoiigh the subject of .1. A.
Sherer's speech tomorrow at
Il:l.Â» o'clock at the annual As
sembly in honor of tlic founders
of the University is of special
concern, the appearance of the
Schubert club will be a feature
which can not fail to enhance
the interest of this meeting. Or.
Sherer's subject. "The New Pol
itics," is one that is receiving
an enormous amount of atten
tion from every voter within the
boundaries of the United States,
atid is occupying some of the
time of every alert inhabitant.
The Schubert Club in consent
ing to take part in this event
appears for the tir*st time this
spring and their rendering of
special music will come in for
it* share of appreciation.
