# Stanford Club Elects Jones.
## 
### 
H. C. .Tones has been elected presi
dent of the Stanford Club of San Jose.
Other officers elected for the forth
coming year are: A. A. Caldwell, vice
president: Jeff Maloy, secretary
treasurer. and A.H. Jarman, sergeant
at-arms. It is expected that the club
will establish headquarters for Stan
ford students and alumni in the Audi
torium during the rose carnival which
is to be held in San Jose this spring.
H. C. .Tones has been elected presi
dent of the Stanford Club of San Jose.
Other officers elected for the forth
coming year are: A. A. Caldwell, vice
president: Jeff Maloy, secretary
treasurer. and A.H. Jarman, sergeant
at-arms. It is expected that the club
will establish headquarters for Stan
ford students and alumni in the Audi
torium during the rose carnival which
is to be held in San Jose this spring.
H. C. .Tones has been elected presi
dent of the Stanford Club of San Jose.
Other officers elected for the forth
coming year are: A. A. Caldwell, vice
president: Jeff Maloy, secretary
treasurer. and A.H. Jarman, sergeant
at-arms. It is expected that the club
will establish headquarters for Stan
ford students and alumni in the Audi
torium during the rose carnival which
is to be held in San Jose this spring.
H. C. .Tones has been elected presi
dent of the Stanford Club of San Jose.
Other officers elected for the forth
coming year are: A. A. Caldwell, vice
president: Jeff Maloy, secretary
treasurer. and A.H. Jarman, sergeant
at-arms. It is expected that the club
will establish headquarters for Stan
ford students and alumni in the Audi
torium during the rose carnival which
is to be held in San Jose this spring.
H. C. .Tones has been elected presi
dent of the Stanford Club of San Jose.
Other officers elected for the forth
coming year are: A. A. Caldwell, vice
president: Jeff Maloy, secretary
treasurer. and A.H. Jarman, sergeant
at-arms. It is expected that the club
will establish headquarters for Stan
ford students and alumni in the Audi
torium during the rose carnival which
is to be held in San Jose this spring.
H. C. .Tones has been elected presi
dent of the Stanford Club of San Jose.
Other officers elected for the forth
coming year are: A. A. Caldwell, vice
president: Jeff Maloy, secretary
treasurer. and A.H. Jarman, sergeant
at-arms. It is expected that the club
will establish headquarters for Stan
ford students and alumni in the Audi
torium during the rose carnival which
is to be held in San Jose this spring.
H. C. .Tones has been elected presi
dent of the Stanford Club of San Jose.
Other officers elected for the forth
coming year are: A. A. Caldwell, vice
president: Jeff Maloy, secretary
treasurer. and A.H. Jarman, sergeant
at-arms. It is expected that the club
will establish headquarters for Stan
ford students and alumni in the Audi
torium during the rose carnival which
is to be held in San Jose this spring.
H. C. .Tones has been elected presi
dent of the Stanford Club of San Jose.
Other officers elected for the forth
coming year are: A. A. Caldwell, vice
president: Jeff Maloy, secretary
treasurer. and A.H. Jarman, sergeant
at-arms. It is expected that the club
will establish headquarters for Stan
ford students and alumni in the Audi
torium during the rose carnival which
is to be held in San Jose this spring.
H. C. .Tones has been elected presi
dent of the Stanford Club of San Jose.
Other officers elected for the forth
coming year are: A. A. Caldwell, vice
president: Jeff Maloy, secretary
treasurer. and A.H. Jarman, sergeant
at-arms. It is expected that the club
will establish headquarters for Stan
ford students and alumni in the Audi
torium during the rose carnival which
is to be held in San Jose this spring.
H. C. .Tones has been elected presi
dent of the Stanford Club of San Jose.
Other officers elected for the forth
coming year are: A. A. Caldwell, vice
president: Jeff Maloy, secretary
treasurer. and A.H. Jarman, sergeant
at-arms. It is expected that the club
will establish headquarters for Stan
ford students and alumni in the Audi
torium during the rose carnival which
is to be held in San Jose this spring.
H. C. .Tones has been elected presi
dent of the Stanford Club of San Jose.
Other officers elected for the forth
coming year are: A. A. Caldwell, vice
president: Jeff Maloy, secretary
treasurer. and A.H. Jarman, sergeant
at-arms. It is expected that the club
will establish headquarters for Stan
ford students and alumni in the Audi
torium during the rose carnival which
is to be held in San Jose this spring.
