# Euphronia Candidates For Team Will Speak Tonight
## 
### 
Tonight in the Little Theater the
members of Euphronia will hold their
tryouts for the debating team that
will argue with Nestoria in the an
nual intersociety debate to be held
next month.
The question for these preliminary
tryouts is that which is the subject
for the tri-state debates this year,
namely, "Resolved, that Public Opinion
Should Support Lobor in Its Demands
for the Closed Shop."
Professor Beach of the Economics
department will be the sole judge of
the contest.
Tonight in the Little Theater the
members of Euphronia will hold their
tryouts for the debating team that
will argue with Nestoria in the an
nual intersociety debate to be held
next month.
The question for these preliminary
tryouts is that which is the subject
for the tri-state debates this year,
namely, "Resolved, that Public Opinion
Should Support Lobor in Its Demands
for the Closed Shop."
Professor Beach of the Economics
department will be the sole judge of
the contest.
Tonight in the Little Theater the
members of Euphronia will hold their
tryouts for the debating team that
will argue with Nestoria in the an
nual intersociety debate to be held
next month.
The question for these preliminary
tryouts is that which is the subject
for the tri-state debates this year,
namely, "Resolved, that Public Opinion
Should Support Lobor in Its Demands
for the Closed Shop."
Professor Beach of the Economics
department will be the sole judge of
the contest.
Tonight in the Little Theater the
members of Euphronia will hold their
tryouts for the debating team that
will argue with Nestoria in the an
nual intersociety debate to be held
next month.
The question for these preliminary
tryouts is that which is the subject
for the tri-state debates this year,
namely, "Resolved, that Public Opinion
Should Support Lobor in Its Demands
for the Closed Shop."
Professor Beach of the Economics
department will be the sole judge of
the contest.
Tonight in the Little Theater the
members of Euphronia will hold their
tryouts for the debating team that
will argue with Nestoria in the an
nual intersociety debate to be held
next month.
The question for these preliminary
tryouts is that which is the subject
for the tri-state debates this year,
namely, "Resolved, that Public Opinion
Should Support Lobor in Its Demands
for the Closed Shop."
Professor Beach of the Economics
department will be the sole judge of
the contest.
Tonight in the Little Theater the
members of Euphronia will hold their
tryouts for the debating team that
will argue with Nestoria in the an
nual intersociety debate to be held
next month.
The question for these preliminary
tryouts is that which is the subject
for the tri-state debates this year,
namely, "Resolved, that Public Opinion
Should Support Lobor in Its Demands
for the Closed Shop."
Professor Beach of the Economics
department will be the sole judge of
the contest.
Tonight in the Little Theater the
members of Euphronia will hold their
tryouts for the debating team that
will argue with Nestoria in the an
nual intersociety debate to be held
next month.
The question for these preliminary
tryouts is that which is the subject
for the tri-state debates this year,
namely, "Resolved, that Public Opinion
Should Support Lobor in Its Demands
for the Closed Shop."
Professor Beach of the Economics
department will be the sole judge of
the contest.
Tonight in the Little Theater the
members of Euphronia will hold their
tryouts for the debating team that
will argue with Nestoria in the an
nual intersociety debate to be held
next month.
The question for these preliminary
tryouts is that which is the subject
for the tri-state debates this year,
namely, "Resolved, that Public Opinion
Should Support Lobor in Its Demands
for the Closed Shop."
Professor Beach of the Economics
department will be the sole judge of
the contest.
Tonight in the Little Theater the
members of Euphronia will hold their
tryouts for the debating team that
will argue with Nestoria in the an
nual intersociety debate to be held
next month.
The question for these preliminary
tryouts is that which is the subject
for the tri-state debates this year,
namely, "Resolved, that Public Opinion
Should Support Lobor in Its Demands
for the Closed Shop."
Professor Beach of the Economics
department will be the sole judge of
the contest.
Tonight in the Little Theater the
members of Euphronia will hold their
tryouts for the debating team that
will argue with Nestoria in the an
nual intersociety debate to be held
next month.
The question for these preliminary
tryouts is that which is the subject
for the tri-state debates this year,
namely, "Resolved, that Public Opinion
Should Support Lobor in Its Demands
for the Closed Shop."
Professor Beach of the Economics
department will be the sole judge of
the contest.
Tonight in the Little Theater the
members of Euphronia will hold their
tryouts for the debating team that
will argue with Nestoria in the an
nual intersociety debate to be held
next month.
The question for these preliminary
tryouts is that which is the subject
for the tri-state debates this year,
namely, "Resolved, that Public Opinion
Should Support Lobor in Its Demands
for the Closed Shop."
Professor Beach of the Economics
department will be the sole judge of
the contest.
Tonight in the Little Theater the
members of Euphronia will hold their
tryouts for the debating team that
will argue with Nestoria in the an
nual intersociety debate to be held
next month.
The question for these preliminary
tryouts is that which is the subject
for the tri-state debates this year,
namely, "Resolved, that Public Opinion
Should Support Lobor in Its Demands
for the Closed Shop."
Professor Beach of the Economics
department will be the sole judge of
the contest.
