# Dr. W.V. Brem Lectures at Lane Hospital Tomorrow
## 
### 
Dr. Walter V. Brem, of Los Angeles,
will deliver the second of the Lane
Popular Medical Lectures tomorrow
night, at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall, on
the north side of Sacramento Street
near Webster, San Francisco. His
subject will be "The Philosophy, Cause
and Prevention of Disease." These
lectures are given under the auspices
of the Stanford University Medical
College by experts for the information
and benefit of the citizens of San
Francisco.
Dr. Walter V. Brem, of Los Angeles,
will deliver the second of the Lane
Popular Medical Lectures tomorrow
night, at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall, on
the north side of Sacramento Street
near Webster, San Francisco. His
subject will be "The Philosophy, Cause
and Prevention of Disease." These
lectures are given under the auspices
of the Stanford University Medical
College by experts for the information
and benefit of the citizens of San
Francisco.
Dr. Walter V. Brem, of Los Angeles,
will deliver the second of the Lane
Popular Medical Lectures tomorrow
night, at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall, on
the north side of Sacramento Street
near Webster, San Francisco. His
subject will be "The Philosophy, Cause
and Prevention of Disease." These
lectures are given under the auspices
of the Stanford University Medical
College by experts for the information
and benefit of the citizens of San
Francisco.
Dr. Walter V. Brem, of Los Angeles,
will deliver the second of the Lane
Popular Medical Lectures tomorrow
night, at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall, on
the north side of Sacramento Street
near Webster, San Francisco. His
subject will be "The Philosophy, Cause
and Prevention of Disease." These
lectures are given under the auspices
of the Stanford University Medical
College by experts for the information
and benefit of the citizens of San
Francisco.
Dr. Walter V. Brem, of Los Angeles,
will deliver the second of the Lane
Popular Medical Lectures tomorrow
night, at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall, on
the north side of Sacramento Street
near Webster, San Francisco. His
subject will be "The Philosophy, Cause
and Prevention of Disease." These
lectures are given under the auspices
of the Stanford University Medical
College by experts for the information
and benefit of the citizens of San
Francisco.
Dr. Walter V. Brem, of Los Angeles,
will deliver the second of the Lane
Popular Medical Lectures tomorrow
night, at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall, on
the north side of Sacramento Street
near Webster, San Francisco. His
subject will be "The Philosophy, Cause
and Prevention of Disease." These
lectures are given under the auspices
of the Stanford University Medical
College by experts for the information
and benefit of the citizens of San
Francisco.
Dr. Walter V. Brem, of Los Angeles,
will deliver the second of the Lane
Popular Medical Lectures tomorrow
night, at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall, on
the north side of Sacramento Street
near Webster, San Francisco. His
subject will be "The Philosophy, Cause
and Prevention of Disease." These
lectures are given under the auspices
of the Stanford University Medical
College by experts for the information
and benefit of the citizens of San
Francisco.
Dr. Walter V. Brem, of Los Angeles,
will deliver the second of the Lane
Popular Medical Lectures tomorrow
night, at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall, on
the north side of Sacramento Street
near Webster, San Francisco. His
subject will be "The Philosophy, Cause
and Prevention of Disease." These
lectures are given under the auspices
of the Stanford University Medical
College by experts for the information
and benefit of the citizens of San
Francisco.
Dr. Walter V. Brem, of Los Angeles,
will deliver the second of the Lane
Popular Medical Lectures tomorrow
night, at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall, on
the north side of Sacramento Street
near Webster, San Francisco. His
subject will be "The Philosophy, Cause
and Prevention of Disease." These
lectures are given under the auspices
of the Stanford University Medical
College by experts for the information
and benefit of the citizens of San
Francisco.
Dr. Walter V. Brem, of Los Angeles,
will deliver the second of the Lane
Popular Medical Lectures tomorrow
night, at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall, on
the north side of Sacramento Street
near Webster, San Francisco. His
subject will be "The Philosophy, Cause
and Prevention of Disease." These
lectures are given under the auspices
of the Stanford University Medical
College by experts for the information
and benefit of the citizens of San
Francisco.
Dr. Walter V. Brem, of Los Angeles,
will deliver the second of the Lane
Popular Medical Lectures tomorrow
night, at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall, on
the north side of Sacramento Street
near Webster, San Francisco. His
subject will be "The Philosophy, Cause
and Prevention of Disease." These
lectures are given under the auspices
of the Stanford University Medical
College by experts for the information
and benefit of the citizens of San
Francisco.
Dr. Walter V. Brem, of Los Angeles,
will deliver the second of the Lane
Popular Medical Lectures tomorrow
night, at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall, on
the north side of Sacramento Street
near Webster, San Francisco. His
subject will be "The Philosophy, Cause
and Prevention of Disease." These
lectures are given under the auspices
of the Stanford University Medical
College by experts for the information
and benefit of the citizens of San
Francisco.
