# Adv. 39 Page 11
## 
### 
Privacy of Records
Students who wish to keep private their
address/telephone information for 1980-
81, or know more about the privacy of stu
dent records should go to the Registrar's
Information Window in the Old Union
lobby.
Privacy of Records
Students who wish to keep private their
address/telephone information for 1980-
81, or know more about the privacy of stu
dent records should go to the Registrar's
Information Window in the Old Union
lobby.
Privacy of Records
Students who wish to keep private their
address/telephone information for 1980-
81, or know more about the privacy of stu
dent records should go to the Registrar's
Information Window in the Old Union
lobby.
Privacy of Records
Students who wish to keep private their
address/telephone information for 1980-
81, or know more about the privacy of stu
dent records should go to the Registrar's
Information Window in the Old Union
lobby.
Privacy of Records
Students who wish to keep private their
address/telephone information for 1980-
81, or know more about the privacy of stu
dent records should go to the Registrar's
Information Window in the Old Union
lobby.
Privacy of Records
Students who wish to keep private their
address/telephone information for 1980-
81, or know more about the privacy of stu
dent records should go to the Registrar's
Information Window in the Old Union
lobby.
Privacy of Records
Students who wish to keep private their
address/telephone information for 1980-
81, or know more about the privacy of stu
dent records should go to the Registrar's
Information Window in the Old Union
lobby.
Privacy of Records
Students who wish to keep private their
address/telephone information for 1980-
81, or know more about the privacy of stu
dent records should go to the Registrar's
Information Window in the Old Union
lobby.
Privacy of Records
Students who wish to keep private their
address/telephone information for 1980-
81, or know more about the privacy of stu
dent records should go to the Registrar's
Information Window in the Old Union
lobby.
