# Adv. 15 Page 3
## 
### 
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CHARACTER
Stationery
IS WELL KNOWN
WIGHTMAN'S
366 UNIVERSITY AVE.
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CHARACTER
Stationery
IS WELL KNOWN
WIGHTMAN'S
366 UNIVERSITY AVE.
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CHARACTER
Stationery
IS WELL KNOWN
WIGHTMAN'S
366 UNIVERSITY AVE.
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CHARACTER
Stationery
IS WELL KNOWN
WIGHTMAN'S
366 UNIVERSITY AVE.
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CHARACTER
Stationery
IS WELL KNOWN
WIGHTMAN'S
366 UNIVERSITY AVE.
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CHARACTER
Stationery
IS WELL KNOWN
WIGHTMAN'S
366 UNIVERSITY AVE.
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CHARACTER
Stationery
IS WELL KNOWN
WIGHTMAN'S
366 UNIVERSITY AVE.
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CHARACTER
Stationery
IS WELL KNOWN
WIGHTMAN'S
366 UNIVERSITY AVE.
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CHARACTER
Stationery
IS WELL KNOWN
WIGHTMAN'S
366 UNIVERSITY AVE.
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CHARACTER
Stationery
IS WELL KNOWN
WIGHTMAN'S
366 UNIVERSITY AVE.
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CHARACTER
Stationery
IS WELL KNOWN
WIGHTMAN'S
366 UNIVERSITY AVE.
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CHARACTER
Stationery
IS WELL KNOWN
WIGHTMAN'S
366 UNIVERSITY AVE.
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CHARACTER
Stationery
IS WELL KNOWN
WIGHTMAN'S
366 UNIVERSITY AVE.
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CHARACTER
Stationery
IS WELL KNOWN
WIGHTMAN'S
366 UNIVERSITY AVE.
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CHARACTER
Stationery
IS WELL KNOWN
WIGHTMAN'S
366 UNIVERSITY AVE.
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CHARACTER
Stationery
IS WELL KNOWN
WIGHTMAN'S
366 UNIVERSITY AVE.
