# BRAZIL TRAIN CRACK-UP KILLS 100
## 
### 

A TANGLED HEAP of wreckage is all that remains after a passenger and freight train collided head-on
near Barhacena, Brazil. Tins wreck, in which tlie death toll was expected to reach 100, with another
100 injured, was the worst in Brazil's history. Among the passengers was a delegation of Boy Scouts.

A TANGLED HEAP of wreckage is all that remains after a passenger and freight train collided head-on
near Barhacena, Brazil. Tins wreck, in which tlie death toll was expected to reach 100, with another
100 injured, was the worst in Brazil's history. Among the passengers was a delegation of Boy Scouts.

A TANGLED HEAP of wreckage is all that remains after a passenger and freight train collided head-on
near Barhacena, Brazil. Tins wreck, in which tlie death toll was expected to reach 100, with another
100 injured, was the worst in Brazil's history. Among the passengers was a delegation of Boy Scouts.

A TANGLED HEAP of wreckage is all that remains after a passenger and freight train collided head-on
near Barhacena, Brazil. Tins wreck, in which tlie death toll was expected to reach 100, with another
100 injured, was the worst in Brazil's history. Among the passengers was a delegation of Boy Scouts.

A TANGLED HEAP of wreckage is all that remains after a passenger and freight train collided head-on
near Barhacena, Brazil. Tins wreck, in which tlie death toll was expected to reach 100, with another
100 injured, was the worst in Brazil's history. Among the passengers was a delegation of Boy Scouts.

A TANGLED HEAP of wreckage is all that remains after a passenger and freight train collided head-on
near Barhacena, Brazil. Tins wreck, in which tlie death toll was expected to reach 100, with another
100 injured, was the worst in Brazil's history. Among the passengers was a delegation of Boy Scouts.

A TANGLED HEAP of wreckage is all that remains after a passenger and freight train collided head-on
near Barhacena, Brazil. Tins wreck, in which tlie death toll was expected to reach 100, with another
100 injured, was the worst in Brazil's history. Among the passengers was a delegation of Boy Scouts.

A TANGLED HEAP of wreckage is all that remains after a passenger and freight train collided head-on
near Barhacena, Brazil. Tins wreck, in which tlie death toll was expected to reach 100, with another
100 injured, was the worst in Brazil's history. Among the passengers was a delegation of Boy Scouts.

A TANGLED HEAP of wreckage is all that remains after a passenger and freight train collided head-on
near Barhacena, Brazil. Tins wreck, in which tlie death toll was expected to reach 100, with another
100 injured, was the worst in Brazil's history. Among the passengers was a delegation of Boy Scouts.

A TANGLED HEAP of wreckage is all that remains after a passenger and freight train collided head-on
near Barhacena, Brazil. Tins wreck, in which tlie death toll was expected to reach 100, with another
100 injured, was the worst in Brazil's history. Among the passengers was a delegation of Boy Scouts.

A TANGLED HEAP of wreckage is all that remains after a passenger and freight train collided head-on
near Barhacena, Brazil. Tins wreck, in which tlie death toll was expected to reach 100, with another
100 injured, was the worst in Brazil's history. Among the passengers was a delegation of Boy Scouts.

A TANGLED HEAP of wreckage is all that remains after a passenger and freight train collided head-on
near Barhacena, Brazil. Tins wreck, in which tlie death toll was expected to reach 100, with another
100 injured, was the worst in Brazil's history. Among the passengers was a delegation of Boy Scouts.

A TANGLED HEAP of wreckage is all that remains after a passenger and freight train collided head-on
near Barhacena, Brazil. Tins wreck, in which tlie death toll was expected to reach 100, with another
100 injured, was the worst in Brazil's history. Among the passengers was a delegation of Boy Scouts.

A TANGLED HEAP of wreckage is all that remains after a passenger and freight train collided head-on
near Barhacena, Brazil. Tins wreck, in which tlie death toll was expected to reach 100, with another
100 injured, was the worst in Brazil's history. Among the passengers was a delegation of Boy Scouts.

A TANGLED HEAP of wreckage is all that remains after a passenger and freight train collided head-on
near Barhacena, Brazil. Tins wreck, in which tlie death toll was expected to reach 100, with another
100 injured, was the worst in Brazil's history. Among the passengers was a delegation of Boy Scouts.

A TANGLED HEAP of wreckage is all that remains after a passenger and freight train collided head-on
near Barhacena, Brazil. Tins wreck, in which tlie death toll was expected to reach 100, with another
100 injured, was the worst in Brazil's history. Among the passengers was a delegation of Boy Scouts.
