# Press Releases Three Volumes
## Publications Include Illustrated Brochure 
### 
Three books by Farm professors
and a brochure on the history of
Stanford's School of Education have
recently been released by the Uni
versity Press, according to an an
nouncement yesterday by Stanley M.
Croonquist, sales manager.
''Diplomatic Relations between the
United States and Japan from 1895
to 1905" is the third volume of a
series by Payson J. Treat, professor
of history at Stanford. It is a con
tinuation of the author's two-volume
study of the hitherto unprinted ma
terials in the diplomatic corre
spondence between the two nations.
The work covers the period between
the Sino-Japanese War and the end
of the Russo-Japanese War and is
based upon the archives of the De
partment of State.
The second book, by Joseph Wal
ter Bingham, professor of law at
Stanford, is "Report on the Inter
national Law of Pacific Coastal Fish
eries written from the viewpoint of
the United States. The topic is of
current importance because of the
controversy with Japan over Alaska
salmon fishing.
The last book, "The Construction
(apo koinou) in the Germanic Lan
guages" by Herbert Dean Meritt, as
sistant professor of English at Stan
ford, is a publication of the Univer
sity Series of Language and Litera
ture. It is a technical study on the
particular turns of words or phrases
which can be called "apo koinou"
according ot the Latin translation
from the Greek. In general the term
applies to that feature of language
wherein it seems necessary to under
stand a word twice although it is
expressed but once.
An illustrated brochure on the
School of Education, printed by the
photolith process, is one of the lat
est contributions of the University
Press. It contains a foreword by Dr.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, a description of
the new Education Building by Ell
wood P. Cubberley, and the program
of the School of Education by Gray
son N. Kefauver, dean of the School
of Education.
