# GE Co. Is SRI's 100th Associate
## 
### 
The General Electric Company of
Schenectady, N.Y., recently became
the one hundredth Associate of
Stanford Research Institute, accord
ing to Dr. J. E. Ilobson, Institute
director.
The SRI Associate Plan was in
augurated five years ago to provide
a means by which industry and in
dividuals might contribute toward
building and broadening the West's
applied research facilities.
The General Electric Company of
Schenectady, N.Y., recently became
the one hundredth Associate of
Stanford Research Institute, accord
ing to Dr. J. E. Ilobson, Institute
director.
The SRI Associate Plan was in
augurated five years ago to provide
a means by which industry and in
dividuals might contribute toward
building and broadening the West's
applied research facilities.
The General Electric Company of
Schenectady, N.Y., recently became
the one hundredth Associate of
Stanford Research Institute, accord
ing to Dr. J. E. Ilobson, Institute
director.
The SRI Associate Plan was in
augurated five years ago to provide
a means by which industry and in
dividuals might contribute toward
building and broadening the West's
applied research facilities.
The General Electric Company of
Schenectady, N.Y., recently became
the one hundredth Associate of
Stanford Research Institute, accord
ing to Dr. J. E. Ilobson, Institute
director.
The SRI Associate Plan was in
augurated five years ago to provide
a means by which industry and in
dividuals might contribute toward
building and broadening the West's
applied research facilities.
The General Electric Company of
Schenectady, N.Y., recently became
the one hundredth Associate of
Stanford Research Institute, accord
ing to Dr. J. E. Ilobson, Institute
director.
The SRI Associate Plan was in
augurated five years ago to provide
a means by which industry and in
dividuals might contribute toward
building and broadening the West's
applied research facilities.
The General Electric Company of
Schenectady, N.Y., recently became
the one hundredth Associate of
Stanford Research Institute, accord
ing to Dr. J. E. Ilobson, Institute
director.
The SRI Associate Plan was in
augurated five years ago to provide
a means by which industry and in
dividuals might contribute toward
building and broadening the West's
applied research facilities.
The General Electric Company of
Schenectady, N.Y., recently became
the one hundredth Associate of
Stanford Research Institute, accord
ing to Dr. J. E. Ilobson, Institute
director.
The SRI Associate Plan was in
augurated five years ago to provide
a means by which industry and in
dividuals might contribute toward
building and broadening the West's
applied research facilities.
The General Electric Company of
Schenectady, N.Y., recently became
the one hundredth Associate of
Stanford Research Institute, accord
ing to Dr. J. E. Ilobson, Institute
director.
The SRI Associate Plan was in
augurated five years ago to provide
a means by which industry and in
dividuals might contribute toward
building and broadening the West's
applied research facilities.
The General Electric Company of
Schenectady, N.Y., recently became
the one hundredth Associate of
Stanford Research Institute, accord
ing to Dr. J. E. Ilobson, Institute
director.
The SRI Associate Plan was in
augurated five years ago to provide
a means by which industry and in
dividuals might contribute toward
building and broadening the West's
applied research facilities.
The General Electric Company of
Schenectady, N.Y., recently became
the one hundredth Associate of
Stanford Research Institute, accord
ing to Dr. J. E. Ilobson, Institute
director.
The SRI Associate Plan was in
augurated five years ago to provide
a means by which industry and in
dividuals might contribute toward
building and broadening the West's
applied research facilities.
The General Electric Company of
Schenectady, N.Y., recently became
the one hundredth Associate of
Stanford Research Institute, accord
ing to Dr. J. E. Ilobson, Institute
director.
The SRI Associate Plan was in
augurated five years ago to provide
a means by which industry and in
dividuals might contribute toward
building and broadening the West's
applied research facilities.
The General Electric Company of
Schenectady, N.Y., recently became
the one hundredth Associate of
Stanford Research Institute, accord
ing to Dr. J. E. Ilobson, Institute
director.
The SRI Associate Plan was in
augurated five years ago to provide
a means by which industry and in
dividuals might contribute toward
building and broadening the West's
applied research facilities.
The General Electric Company of
Schenectady, N.Y., recently became
the one hundredth Associate of
Stanford Research Institute, accord
ing to Dr. J. E. Ilobson, Institute
director.
The SRI Associate Plan was in
augurated five years ago to provide
a means by which industry and in
dividuals might contribute toward
building and broadening the West's
applied research facilities.
The General Electric Company of
Schenectady, N.Y., recently became
the one hundredth Associate of
Stanford Research Institute, accord
ing to Dr. J. E. Ilobson, Institute
director.
The SRI Associate Plan was in
augurated five years ago to provide
a means by which industry and in
dividuals might contribute toward
building and broadening the West's
applied research facilities.
The General Electric Company of
Schenectady, N.Y., recently became
the one hundredth Associate of
Stanford Research Institute, accord
ing to Dr. J. E. Ilobson, Institute
director.
The SRI Associate Plan was in
augurated five years ago to provide
a means by which industry and in
dividuals might contribute toward
building and broadening the West's
applied research facilities.
