# Tryouts to Be Held For NSA Meeting
## 
### 
Students may apply to fill one
empty place in the Stanford dele
gation to the National Students'
Association conference to be held
Auff. 21 to 30 in Minneapolis, Min
nesota.
Six Stanford students will at
tend the students' meeting.
Interested persons may see Eric
Fricker or Bill Tooley in the AS
SU office for interviews and fur
ther information.
Students may apply to fill one
empty place in the Stanford dele
gation to the National Students'
Association conference to be held
Auff. 21 to 30 in Minneapolis, Min
nesota.
Six Stanford students will at
tend the students' meeting.
Interested persons may see Eric
Fricker or Bill Tooley in the AS
SU office for interviews and fur
ther information.
Students may apply to fill one
empty place in the Stanford dele
gation to the National Students'
Association conference to be held
Auff. 21 to 30 in Minneapolis, Min
nesota.
Six Stanford students will at
tend the students' meeting.
Interested persons may see Eric
Fricker or Bill Tooley in the AS
SU office for interviews and fur
ther information.
Students may apply to fill one
empty place in the Stanford dele
gation to the National Students'
Association conference to be held
Auff. 21 to 30 in Minneapolis, Min
nesota.
Six Stanford students will at
tend the students' meeting.
Interested persons may see Eric
Fricker or Bill Tooley in the AS
SU office for interviews and fur
ther information.
Students may apply to fill one
empty place in the Stanford dele
gation to the National Students'
Association conference to be held
Auff. 21 to 30 in Minneapolis, Min
nesota.
Six Stanford students will at
tend the students' meeting.
Interested persons may see Eric
Fricker or Bill Tooley in the AS
SU office for interviews and fur
ther information.
Students may apply to fill one
empty place in the Stanford dele
gation to the National Students'
Association conference to be held
Auff. 21 to 30 in Minneapolis, Min
nesota.
Six Stanford students will at
tend the students' meeting.
Interested persons may see Eric
Fricker or Bill Tooley in the AS
SU office for interviews and fur
ther information.
Students may apply to fill one
empty place in the Stanford dele
gation to the National Students'
Association conference to be held
Auff. 21 to 30 in Minneapolis, Min
nesota.
Six Stanford students will at
tend the students' meeting.
Interested persons may see Eric
Fricker or Bill Tooley in the AS
SU office for interviews and fur
ther information.
Students may apply to fill one
empty place in the Stanford dele
gation to the National Students'
Association conference to be held
Auff. 21 to 30 in Minneapolis, Min
nesota.
Six Stanford students will at
tend the students' meeting.
Interested persons may see Eric
Fricker or Bill Tooley in the AS
SU office for interviews and fur
ther information.
Students may apply to fill one
empty place in the Stanford dele
gation to the National Students'
Association conference to be held
Auff. 21 to 30 in Minneapolis, Min
nesota.
Six Stanford students will at
tend the students' meeting.
Interested persons may see Eric
Fricker or Bill Tooley in the AS
SU office for interviews and fur
ther information.
Students may apply to fill one
empty place in the Stanford dele
gation to the National Students'
Association conference to be held
Auff. 21 to 30 in Minneapolis, Min
nesota.
Six Stanford students will at
tend the students' meeting.
Interested persons may see Eric
Fricker or Bill Tooley in the AS
SU office for interviews and fur
ther information.
Students may apply to fill one
empty place in the Stanford dele
gation to the National Students'
Association conference to be held
Auff. 21 to 30 in Minneapolis, Min
nesota.
Six Stanford students will at
tend the students' meeting.
Interested persons may see Eric
Fricker or Bill Tooley in the AS
SU office for interviews and fur
ther information.
Students may apply to fill one
empty place in the Stanford dele
gation to the National Students'
Association conference to be held
Auff. 21 to 30 in Minneapolis, Min
nesota.
Six Stanford students will at
tend the students' meeting.
Interested persons may see Eric
Fricker or Bill Tooley in the AS
SU office for interviews and fur
ther information.
Students may apply to fill one
empty place in the Stanford dele
gation to the National Students'
Association conference to be held
Auff. 21 to 30 in Minneapolis, Min
nesota.
Six Stanford students will at
tend the students' meeting.
Interested persons may see Eric
Fricker or Bill Tooley in the AS
SU office for interviews and fur
ther information.
Students may apply to fill one
empty place in the Stanford dele
gation to the National Students'
Association conference to be held
Auff. 21 to 30 in Minneapolis, Min
nesota.
Six Stanford students will at
tend the students' meeting.
Interested persons may see Eric
Fricker or Bill Tooley in the AS
SU office for interviews and fur
ther information.
Students may apply to fill one
empty place in the Stanford dele
gation to the National Students'
Association conference to be held
Auff. 21 to 30 in Minneapolis, Min
nesota.
Six Stanford students will at
tend the students' meeting.
Interested persons may see Eric
Fricker or Bill Tooley in the AS
SU office for interviews and fur
ther information.
