# Varsity Ace Gets Radio; Reserve Will Rate Gum
## 
### 
Two more awards have been
named as supplements to Kee
ble's Pen in awarding out
standing members of the Stan
ford grid team in each game.
Lyddane Bros, are offering a
radio to the outstanding Stan
ford man in the game, to be
chosen by a group of sports
writers selected by Don Lieb
endorfer.
Bob Dakan, reserve end and
local Beech-Nut representative,
announces the Robert Elmer
Dakan award consisting of one
carton of 120 sticks of Beech-
Nut gum, to be given to the
outstanding Stanford reserve in
each game, limited to men who
do not start. Committee to
make this selection consists of
Jack Walton, Carl Schott, and
Dakan.
Two more awards have been
named as supplements to Kee
ble's Pen in awarding out
standing members of the Stan
ford grid team in each game.
Lyddane Bros, are offering a
radio to the outstanding Stan
ford man in the game, to be
chosen by a group of sports
writers selected by Don Lieb
endorfer.
Bob Dakan, reserve end and
local Beech-Nut representative,
announces the Robert Elmer
Dakan award consisting of one
carton of 120 sticks of Beech-
Nut gum, to be given to the
outstanding Stanford reserve in
each game, limited to men who
do not start. Committee to
make this selection consists of
Jack Walton, Carl Schott, and
Dakan.
Two more awards have been
named as supplements to Kee
ble's Pen in awarding out
standing members of the Stan
ford grid team in each game.
Lyddane Bros, are offering a
radio to the outstanding Stan
ford man in the game, to be
chosen by a group of sports
writers selected by Don Lieb
endorfer.
Bob Dakan, reserve end and
local Beech-Nut representative,
announces the Robert Elmer
Dakan award consisting of one
carton of 120 sticks of Beech-
Nut gum, to be given to the
outstanding Stanford reserve in
each game, limited to men who
do not start. Committee to
make this selection consists of
Jack Walton, Carl Schott, and
Dakan.
Two more awards have been
named as supplements to Kee
ble's Pen in awarding out
standing members of the Stan
ford grid team in each game.
Lyddane Bros, are offering a
radio to the outstanding Stan
ford man in the game, to be
chosen by a group of sports
writers selected by Don Lieb
endorfer.
Bob Dakan, reserve end and
local Beech-Nut representative,
announces the Robert Elmer
Dakan award consisting of one
carton of 120 sticks of Beech-
Nut gum, to be given to the
outstanding Stanford reserve in
each game, limited to men who
do not start. Committee to
make this selection consists of
Jack Walton, Carl Schott, and
Dakan.
Two more awards have been
named as supplements to Kee
ble's Pen in awarding out
standing members of the Stan
ford grid team in each game.
Lyddane Bros, are offering a
radio to the outstanding Stan
ford man in the game, to be
chosen by a group of sports
writers selected by Don Lieb
endorfer.
Bob Dakan, reserve end and
local Beech-Nut representative,
announces the Robert Elmer
Dakan award consisting of one
carton of 120 sticks of Beech-
Nut gum, to be given to the
outstanding Stanford reserve in
each game, limited to men who
do not start. Committee to
make this selection consists of
Jack Walton, Carl Schott, and
Dakan.
Two more awards have been
named as supplements to Kee
ble's Pen in awarding out
standing members of the Stan
ford grid team in each game.
Lyddane Bros, are offering a
radio to the outstanding Stan
ford man in the game, to be
chosen by a group of sports
writers selected by Don Lieb
endorfer.
Bob Dakan, reserve end and
local Beech-Nut representative,
announces the Robert Elmer
Dakan award consisting of one
carton of 120 sticks of Beech-
Nut gum, to be given to the
outstanding Stanford reserve in
each game, limited to men who
do not start. Committee to
make this selection consists of
Jack Walton, Carl Schott, and
Dakan.
Two more awards have been
named as supplements to Kee
ble's Pen in awarding out
standing members of the Stan
ford grid team in each game.
Lyddane Bros, are offering a
radio to the outstanding Stan
ford man in the game, to be
chosen by a group of sports
writers selected by Don Lieb
endorfer.
Bob Dakan, reserve end and
local Beech-Nut representative,
announces the Robert Elmer
Dakan award consisting of one
carton of 120 sticks of Beech-
Nut gum, to be given to the
outstanding Stanford reserve in
each game, limited to men who
do not start. Committee to
make this selection consists of
Jack Walton, Carl Schott, and
Dakan.
Two more awards have been
named as supplements to Kee
ble's Pen in awarding out
standing members of the Stan
ford grid team in each game.
Lyddane Bros, are offering a
radio to the outstanding Stan
ford man in the game, to be
chosen by a group of sports
writers selected by Don Lieb
endorfer.
Bob Dakan, reserve end and
local Beech-Nut representative,
announces the Robert Elmer
Dakan award consisting of one
carton of 120 sticks of Beech-
Nut gum, to be given to the
outstanding Stanford reserve in
each game, limited to men who
do not start. Committee to
make this selection consists of
Jack Walton, Carl Schott, and
Dakan.
Two more awards have been
named as supplements to Kee
ble's Pen in awarding out
standing members of the Stan
ford grid team in each game.
Lyddane Bros, are offering a
radio to the outstanding Stan
ford man in the game, to be
chosen by a group of sports
writers selected by Don Lieb
endorfer.
Bob Dakan, reserve end and
local Beech-Nut representative,
announces the Robert Elmer
Dakan award consisting of one
carton of 120 sticks of Beech-
Nut gum, to be given to the
outstanding Stanford reserve in
each game, limited to men who
do not start. Committee to
make this selection consists of
Jack Walton, Carl Schott, and
Dakan.
Two more awards have been
named as supplements to Kee
ble's Pen in awarding out
standing members of the Stan
ford grid team in each game.
Lyddane Bros, are offering a
radio to the outstanding Stan
ford man in the game, to be
chosen by a group of sports
writers selected by Don Lieb
endorfer.
Bob Dakan, reserve end and
local Beech-Nut representative,
announces the Robert Elmer
Dakan award consisting of one
carton of 120 sticks of Beech-
Nut gum, to be given to the
outstanding Stanford reserve in
each game, limited to men who
do not start. Committee to
make this selection consists of
Jack Walton, Carl Schott, and
Dakan.
Two more awards have been
named as supplements to Kee
ble's Pen in awarding out
standing members of the Stan
ford grid team in each game.
Lyddane Bros, are offering a
radio to the outstanding Stan
ford man in the game, to be
chosen by a group of sports
writers selected by Don Lieb
endorfer.
Bob Dakan, reserve end and
local Beech-Nut representative,
announces the Robert Elmer
Dakan award consisting of one
carton of 120 sticks of Beech-
Nut gum, to be given to the
outstanding Stanford reserve in
each game, limited to men who
do not start. Committee to
make this selection consists of
Jack Walton, Carl Schott, and
Dakan.
Two more awards have been
named as supplements to Kee
ble's Pen in awarding out
standing members of the Stan
ford grid team in each game.
Lyddane Bros, are offering a
radio to the outstanding Stan
ford man in the game, to be
chosen by a group of sports
writers selected by Don Lieb
endorfer.
Bob Dakan, reserve end and
local Beech-Nut representative,
announces the Robert Elmer
Dakan award consisting of one
carton of 120 sticks of Beech-
Nut gum, to be given to the
outstanding Stanford reserve in
each game, limited to men who
do not start. Committee to
make this selection consists of
Jack Walton, Carl Schott, and
Dakan.
Two more awards have been
named as supplements to Kee
ble's Pen in awarding out
standing members of the Stan
ford grid team in each game.
Lyddane Bros, are offering a
radio to the outstanding Stan
ford man in the game, to be
chosen by a group of sports
writers selected by Don Lieb
endorfer.
Bob Dakan, reserve end and
local Beech-Nut representative,
announces the Robert Elmer
Dakan award consisting of one
carton of 120 sticks of Beech-
Nut gum, to be given to the
outstanding Stanford reserve in
each game, limited to men who
do not start. Committee to
make this selection consists of
Jack Walton, Carl Schott, and
Dakan.
Two more awards have been
named as supplements to Kee
ble's Pen in awarding out
standing members of the Stan
ford grid team in each game.
Lyddane Bros, are offering a
radio to the outstanding Stan
ford man in the game, to be
chosen by a group of sports
writers selected by Don Lieb
endorfer.
Bob Dakan, reserve end and
local Beech-Nut representative,
announces the Robert Elmer
Dakan award consisting of one
carton of 120 sticks of Beech-
Nut gum, to be given to the
outstanding Stanford reserve in
each game, limited to men who
do not start. Committee to
make this selection consists of
Jack Walton, Carl Schott, and
Dakan.
Two more awards have been
named as supplements to Kee
ble's Pen in awarding out
standing members of the Stan
ford grid team in each game.
Lyddane Bros, are offering a
radio to the outstanding Stan
ford man in the game, to be
chosen by a group of sports
writers selected by Don Lieb
endorfer.
Bob Dakan, reserve end and
local Beech-Nut representative,
announces the Robert Elmer
Dakan award consisting of one
carton of 120 sticks of Beech-
Nut gum, to be given to the
outstanding Stanford reserve in
each game, limited to men who
do not start. Committee to
make this selection consists of
Jack Walton, Carl Schott, and
Dakan.
Two more awards have been
named as supplements to Kee
ble's Pen in awarding out
standing members of the Stan
ford grid team in each game.
Lyddane Bros, are offering a
radio to the outstanding Stan
ford man in the game, to be
chosen by a group of sports
writers selected by Don Lieb
endorfer.
Bob Dakan, reserve end and
local Beech-Nut representative,
announces the Robert Elmer
Dakan award consisting of one
carton of 120 sticks of Beech-
Nut gum, to be given to the
outstanding Stanford reserve in
each game, limited to men who
do not start. Committee to
make this selection consists of
Jack Walton, Carl Schott, and
Dakan.
