# ONE LIFE NOW TWO
## 
### 
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 22 (U.R).—
Machinery's speed-up of modern life,
enabling a man to crowd "two life
times" into 50 years, was cited today
as the contributing cause of high
blood pressure by Dr. R. C. Buerki,
Madison, Wis.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 22 (U.R).—
Machinery's speed-up of modern life,
enabling a man to crowd "two life
times" into 50 years, was cited today
as the contributing cause of high
blood pressure by Dr. R. C. Buerki,
Madison, Wis.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 22 (U.R).—
Machinery's speed-up of modern life,
enabling a man to crowd "two life
times" into 50 years, was cited today
as the contributing cause of high
blood pressure by Dr. R. C. Buerki,
Madison, Wis.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 22 (U.R).—
Machinery's speed-up of modern life,
enabling a man to crowd "two life
times" into 50 years, was cited today
as the contributing cause of high
blood pressure by Dr. R. C. Buerki,
Madison, Wis.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 22 (U.R).—
Machinery's speed-up of modern life,
enabling a man to crowd "two life
times" into 50 years, was cited today
as the contributing cause of high
blood pressure by Dr. R. C. Buerki,
Madison, Wis.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 22 (U.R).—
Machinery's speed-up of modern life,
enabling a man to crowd "two life
times" into 50 years, was cited today
as the contributing cause of high
blood pressure by Dr. R. C. Buerki,
Madison, Wis.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 22 (U.R).—
Machinery's speed-up of modern life,
enabling a man to crowd "two life
times" into 50 years, was cited today
as the contributing cause of high
blood pressure by Dr. R. C. Buerki,
Madison, Wis.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 22 (U.R).—
Machinery's speed-up of modern life,
enabling a man to crowd "two life
times" into 50 years, was cited today
as the contributing cause of high
blood pressure by Dr. R. C. Buerki,
Madison, Wis.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 22 (U.R).—
Machinery's speed-up of modern life,
enabling a man to crowd "two life
times" into 50 years, was cited today
as the contributing cause of high
blood pressure by Dr. R. C. Buerki,
Madison, Wis.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 22 (U.R).—
Machinery's speed-up of modern life,
enabling a man to crowd "two life
times" into 50 years, was cited today
as the contributing cause of high
blood pressure by Dr. R. C. Buerki,
Madison, Wis.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 22 (U.R).—
Machinery's speed-up of modern life,
enabling a man to crowd "two life
times" into 50 years, was cited today
as the contributing cause of high
blood pressure by Dr. R. C. Buerki,
Madison, Wis.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 22 (U.R).—
Machinery's speed-up of modern life,
enabling a man to crowd "two life
times" into 50 years, was cited today
as the contributing cause of high
blood pressure by Dr. R. C. Buerki,
Madison, Wis.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 22 (U.R).—
Machinery's speed-up of modern life,
enabling a man to crowd "two life
times" into 50 years, was cited today
as the contributing cause of high
blood pressure by Dr. R. C. Buerki,
Madison, Wis.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 22 (U.R).—
Machinery's speed-up of modern life,
enabling a man to crowd "two life
times" into 50 years, was cited today
as the contributing cause of high
blood pressure by Dr. R. C. Buerki,
Madison, Wis.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 22 (U.R).—
Machinery's speed-up of modern life,
enabling a man to crowd "two life
times" into 50 years, was cited today
as the contributing cause of high
blood pressure by Dr. R. C. Buerki,
Madison, Wis.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 22 (U.R).—
Machinery's speed-up of modern life,
enabling a man to crowd "two life
times" into 50 years, was cited today
as the contributing cause of high
blood pressure by Dr. R. C. Buerki,
Madison, Wis.
