# Once Around The Quad...
## Official HISTORY OF JOURNALISM 
### 
Journalism 140, History of Jour
nalism, will meet Monday at 8 a.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism Build
ing.
Journalism 140, History of Jour
nalism, will meet Monday at 8 a.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism Build
ing.
Journalism 140, History of Jour
nalism, will meet Monday at 8 a.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism Build
ing.
Journalism 140, History of Jour
nalism, will meet Monday at 8 a.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism Build
ing.
Journalism 140, History of Jour
nalism, will meet Monday at 8 a.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism Build
ing.
Journalism 140, History of Jour
nalism, will meet Monday at 8 a.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism Build
ing.
Journalism 140, History of Jour
nalism, will meet Monday at 8 a.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism Build
ing.
Journalism 140, History of Jour
nalism, will meet Monday at 8 a.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism Build
ing.
Journalism 140, History of Jour
nalism, will meet Monday at 8 a.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism Build
ing.
Journalism 140, History of Jour
nalism, will meet Monday at 8 a.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism Build
ing.
Journalism 140, History of Jour
nalism, will meet Monday at 8 a.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism Build
ing.
Journalism 140, History of Jour
nalism, will meet Monday at 8 a.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism Build
ing.
Journalism 140, History of Jour
nalism, will meet Monday at 8 a.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism Build
ing.
Journalism 140, History of Jour
nalism, will meet Monday at 8 a.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism Build
ing.
