# Adv. 13 Page 6
## 
### 
ACTORS!
Audition for
THE REAL WORLD
STANFORD
The Real World is the play performed during New
Student Orientation in Memorial Auditorium.
Auditions are Tuesday (TONIGHT) and Wednesday
from 7pm - 11pm in Room 103 at Braun Music
Center. To schedule an audition or ask a ques
tion, please contact the director, Andrew Leeds,
by e-mail (ahl@leland) or by phone (7-6787).
ACTORS!
Audition for
THE REAL WORLD
STANFORD
The Real World is the play performed during New
Student Orientation in Memorial Auditorium.
Auditions are Tuesday (TONIGHT) and Wednesday
from 7pm - 11pm in Room 103 at Braun Music
Center. To schedule an audition or ask a ques
tion, please contact the director, Andrew Leeds,
by e-mail (ahl@leland) or by phone (7-6787).
ACTORS!
Audition for
THE REAL WORLD
STANFORD
The Real World is the play performed during New
Student Orientation in Memorial Auditorium.
Auditions are Tuesday (TONIGHT) and Wednesday
from 7pm - 11pm in Room 103 at Braun Music
Center. To schedule an audition or ask a ques
tion, please contact the director, Andrew Leeds,
by e-mail (ahl@leland) or by phone (7-6787).
ACTORS!
Audition for
THE REAL WORLD
STANFORD
The Real World is the play performed during New
Student Orientation in Memorial Auditorium.
Auditions are Tuesday (TONIGHT) and Wednesday
from 7pm - 11pm in Room 103 at Braun Music
Center. To schedule an audition or ask a ques
tion, please contact the director, Andrew Leeds,
by e-mail (ahl@leland) or by phone (7-6787).
ACTORS!
Audition for
THE REAL WORLD
STANFORD
The Real World is the play performed during New
Student Orientation in Memorial Auditorium.
Auditions are Tuesday (TONIGHT) and Wednesday
from 7pm - 11pm in Room 103 at Braun Music
Center. To schedule an audition or ask a ques
tion, please contact the director, Andrew Leeds,
by e-mail (ahl@leland) or by phone (7-6787).
