# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
Take the 4-lane El Camino
@Real to 40-lane Camino Bowl
. . . where there are always
open lanes — except during
league time, between 6:30
and 1 1 :00 p.m.
1 Food 24 Hours
40 Automatic Lanes
Billiard Room
Take the 4-lane El Camino
@Real to 40-lane Camino Bowl
. . . where there are always
open lanes — except during
league time, between 6:30
and 1 1 :00 p.m.
1 Food 24 Hours
40 Automatic Lanes
Billiard Room
Take the 4-lane El Camino
@Real to 40-lane Camino Bowl
. . . where there are always
open lanes — except during
league time, between 6:30
and 1 1 :00 p.m.
1 Food 24 Hours
40 Automatic Lanes
Billiard Room
Take the 4-lane El Camino
@Real to 40-lane Camino Bowl
. . . where there are always
open lanes — except during
league time, between 6:30
and 1 1 :00 p.m.
1 Food 24 Hours
40 Automatic Lanes
Billiard Room
Take the 4-lane El Camino
@Real to 40-lane Camino Bowl
. . . where there are always
open lanes — except during
league time, between 6:30
and 1 1 :00 p.m.
1 Food 24 Hours
40 Automatic Lanes
Billiard Room
Take the 4-lane El Camino
@Real to 40-lane Camino Bowl
. . . where there are always
open lanes — except during
league time, between 6:30
and 1 1 :00 p.m.
1 Food 24 Hours
40 Automatic Lanes
Billiard Room
Take the 4-lane El Camino
@Real to 40-lane Camino Bowl
. . . where there are always
open lanes — except during
league time, between 6:30
and 1 1 :00 p.m.
1 Food 24 Hours
40 Automatic Lanes
Billiard Room
Take the 4-lane El Camino
@Real to 40-lane Camino Bowl
. . . where there are always
open lanes — except during
league time, between 6:30
and 1 1 :00 p.m.
1 Food 24 Hours
40 Automatic Lanes
Billiard Room
Take the 4-lane El Camino
@Real to 40-lane Camino Bowl
. . . where there are always
open lanes — except during
league time, between 6:30
and 1 1 :00 p.m.
1 Food 24 Hours
40 Automatic Lanes
Billiard Room
Take the 4-lane El Camino
@Real to 40-lane Camino Bowl
. . . where there are always
open lanes — except during
league time, between 6:30
and 1 1 :00 p.m.
1 Food 24 Hours
40 Automatic Lanes
Billiard Room
Take the 4-lane El Camino
@Real to 40-lane Camino Bowl
. . . where there are always
open lanes — except during
league time, between 6:30
and 1 1 :00 p.m.
1 Food 24 Hours
40 Automatic Lanes
Billiard Room
Take the 4-lane El Camino
@Real to 40-lane Camino Bowl
. . . where there are always
open lanes — except during
league time, between 6:30
and 1 1 :00 p.m.
1 Food 24 Hours
40 Automatic Lanes
Billiard Room
Take the 4-lane El Camino
@Real to 40-lane Camino Bowl
. . . where there are always
open lanes — except during
league time, between 6:30
and 1 1 :00 p.m.
1 Food 24 Hours
40 Automatic Lanes
Billiard Room
Take the 4-lane El Camino
@Real to 40-lane Camino Bowl
. . . where there are always
open lanes — except during
league time, between 6:30
and 1 1 :00 p.m.
1 Food 24 Hours
40 Automatic Lanes
Billiard Room
Take the 4-lane El Camino
@Real to 40-lane Camino Bowl
. . . where there are always
open lanes — except during
league time, between 6:30
and 1 1 :00 p.m.
1 Food 24 Hours
40 Automatic Lanes
Billiard Room
Take the 4-lane El Camino
@Real to 40-lane Camino Bowl
. . . where there are always
open lanes — except during
league time, between 6:30
and 1 1 :00 p.m.
1 Food 24 Hours
40 Automatic Lanes
Billiard Room
Take the 4-lane El Camino
@Real to 40-lane Camino Bowl
. . . where there are always
open lanes — except during
league time, between 6:30
and 1 1 :00 p.m.
1 Food 24 Hours
40 Automatic Lanes
Billiard Room
