# Tribe Doubles Up Air Force Nine
## 
### 
By TOM QUINN
The cadets of Air Force were
blasted for the second and third
times in less than two weeks by a
stingy Stanford pitching staff at
Sunken Diamond on Saturday.
Dan Shaw and Bob Kammeyer
tamed the Falcons, 6-0, and 2-1,
improving the Indians' record to
21-10-1.
Shaw pitched brilliantly in the
first game which was a pitchers'
duel until the fourth inning when
Stanford blew open a tight 1 -0
lead with a four-run outburst.

Rod Boone provided the key blow
with a three-run homer. Shaw had
little trouble handling Air Force
and cruised home with five-hit
shutout.
Kammeyer found himself in a
tighter situation in the nightcap
which was in doubt for the entire
nine innings. Stanford's offensive
firepower was not of the same
volume as the earlier contest and
the score remained tied at 1-1
until the bottom of the seventh
inning when the Air Force pitcher
balked home the winning run.
