# First I-Festival Raises $1000 for New Center
## 
### 
Stanford’s first I-Festival held
last Saturday in Frost was highly
successful according to Taki Nai
to, member of the I-Festival com
mittee.
The event accomplished it two
fold purpose. An estimated $lOOO
was raised toward anew 1-Center
and greater communication be
tween American and foreign stu
dents resulted from work on the
festival.
Stanford’s first I-Festival held
last Saturday in Frost was highly
successful according to Taki Nai
to, member of the I-Festival com
mittee.
The event accomplished it two
fold purpose. An estimated $lOOO
was raised toward anew 1-Center
and greater communication be
tween American and foreign stu
dents resulted from work on the
festival.
Stanford’s first I-Festival held
last Saturday in Frost was highly
successful according to Taki Nai
to, member of the I-Festival com
mittee.
The event accomplished it two
fold purpose. An estimated $lOOO
was raised toward anew 1-Center
and greater communication be
tween American and foreign stu
dents resulted from work on the
festival.
Stanford’s first I-Festival held
last Saturday in Frost was highly
successful according to Taki Nai
to, member of the I-Festival com
mittee.
The event accomplished it two
fold purpose. An estimated $lOOO
was raised toward anew 1-Center
and greater communication be
tween American and foreign stu
dents resulted from work on the
festival.
Stanford’s first I-Festival held
last Saturday in Frost was highly
successful according to Taki Nai
to, member of the I-Festival com
mittee.
The event accomplished it two
fold purpose. An estimated $lOOO
was raised toward anew 1-Center
and greater communication be
tween American and foreign stu
dents resulted from work on the
festival.
Stanford’s first I-Festival held
last Saturday in Frost was highly
successful according to Taki Nai
to, member of the I-Festival com
mittee.
The event accomplished it two
fold purpose. An estimated $lOOO
was raised toward anew 1-Center
and greater communication be
tween American and foreign stu
dents resulted from work on the
festival.
Stanford’s first I-Festival held
last Saturday in Frost was highly
successful according to Taki Nai
to, member of the I-Festival com
mittee.
The event accomplished it two
fold purpose. An estimated $lOOO
was raised toward anew 1-Center
and greater communication be
tween American and foreign stu
dents resulted from work on the
festival.
Stanford’s first I-Festival held
last Saturday in Frost was highly
successful according to Taki Nai
to, member of the I-Festival com
mittee.
The event accomplished it two
fold purpose. An estimated $lOOO
was raised toward anew 1-Center
and greater communication be
tween American and foreign stu
dents resulted from work on the
festival.
Stanford’s first I-Festival held
last Saturday in Frost was highly
successful according to Taki Nai
to, member of the I-Festival com
mittee.
The event accomplished it two
fold purpose. An estimated $lOOO
was raised toward anew 1-Center
and greater communication be
tween American and foreign stu
dents resulted from work on the
festival.
Stanford’s first I-Festival held
last Saturday in Frost was highly
successful according to Taki Nai
to, member of the I-Festival com
mittee.
The event accomplished it two
fold purpose. An estimated $lOOO
was raised toward anew 1-Center
and greater communication be
tween American and foreign stu
dents resulted from work on the
festival.
Stanford’s first I-Festival held
last Saturday in Frost was highly
successful according to Taki Nai
to, member of the I-Festival com
mittee.
The event accomplished it two
fold purpose. An estimated $lOOO
was raised toward anew 1-Center
and greater communication be
tween American and foreign stu
dents resulted from work on the
festival.
Stanford’s first I-Festival held
last Saturday in Frost was highly
successful according to Taki Nai
to, member of the I-Festival com
mittee.
The event accomplished it two
fold purpose. An estimated $lOOO
was raised toward anew 1-Center
and greater communication be
tween American and foreign stu
dents resulted from work on the
festival.
Stanford’s first I-Festival held
last Saturday in Frost was highly
successful according to Taki Nai
to, member of the I-Festival com
mittee.
The event accomplished it two
fold purpose. An estimated $lOOO
was raised toward anew 1-Center
and greater communication be
tween American and foreign stu
dents resulted from work on the
festival.
Stanford’s first I-Festival held
last Saturday in Frost was highly
successful according to Taki Nai
to, member of the I-Festival com
mittee.
The event accomplished it two
fold purpose. An estimated $lOOO
was raised toward anew 1-Center
and greater communication be
tween American and foreign stu
dents resulted from work on the
festival.
Stanford’s first I-Festival held
last Saturday in Frost was highly
successful according to Taki Nai
to, member of the I-Festival com
mittee.
The event accomplished it two
fold purpose. An estimated $lOOO
was raised toward anew 1-Center
and greater communication be
tween American and foreign stu
dents resulted from work on the
festival.
Stanford’s first I-Festival held
last Saturday in Frost was highly
successful according to Taki Nai
to, member of the I-Festival com
mittee.
The event accomplished it two
fold purpose. An estimated $lOOO
was raised toward anew 1-Center
and greater communication be
tween American and foreign stu
dents resulted from work on the
festival.
Stanford’s first I-Festival held
last Saturday in Frost was highly
successful according to Taki Nai
to, member of the I-Festival com
mittee.
The event accomplished it two
fold purpose. An estimated $lOOO
was raised toward anew 1-Center
and greater communication be
tween American and foreign stu
dents resulted from work on the
festival.
