# WAA BOARD
## 
### 
Three girls were approved by tlio
WAA Board Monday night at their
meeting. They are: Margary Reese,
graduate student representative; Jo-
Anne Ball, Br,inner freshman repre
sentative; and Nancy Ashby, ex of
ficio of Roble.
Three girls were approved by tlio
WAA Board Monday night at their
meeting. They are: Margary Reese,
graduate student representative; Jo-
Anne Ball, Br,inner freshman repre
sentative; and Nancy Ashby, ex of
ficio of Roble.
Three girls were approved by tlio
WAA Board Monday night at their
meeting. They are: Margary Reese,
graduate student representative; Jo-
Anne Ball, Br,inner freshman repre
sentative; and Nancy Ashby, ex of
ficio of Roble.
Three girls were approved by tlio
WAA Board Monday night at their
meeting. They are: Margary Reese,
graduate student representative; Jo-
Anne Ball, Br,inner freshman repre
sentative; and Nancy Ashby, ex of
ficio of Roble.
Three girls were approved by tlio
WAA Board Monday night at their
meeting. They are: Margary Reese,
graduate student representative; Jo-
Anne Ball, Br,inner freshman repre
sentative; and Nancy Ashby, ex of
ficio of Roble.
Three girls were approved by tlio
WAA Board Monday night at their
meeting. They are: Margary Reese,
graduate student representative; Jo-
Anne Ball, Br,inner freshman repre
sentative; and Nancy Ashby, ex of
ficio of Roble.
Three girls were approved by tlio
WAA Board Monday night at their
meeting. They are: Margary Reese,
graduate student representative; Jo-
Anne Ball, Br,inner freshman repre
sentative; and Nancy Ashby, ex of
ficio of Roble.
Three girls were approved by tlio
WAA Board Monday night at their
meeting. They are: Margary Reese,
graduate student representative; Jo-
Anne Ball, Br,inner freshman repre
sentative; and Nancy Ashby, ex of
ficio of Roble.
Three girls were approved by tlio
WAA Board Monday night at their
meeting. They are: Margary Reese,
graduate student representative; Jo-
Anne Ball, Br,inner freshman repre
sentative; and Nancy Ashby, ex of
ficio of Roble.
Three girls were approved by tlio
WAA Board Monday night at their
meeting. They are: Margary Reese,
graduate student representative; Jo-
Anne Ball, Br,inner freshman repre
sentative; and Nancy Ashby, ex of
ficio of Roble.
Three girls were approved by tlio
WAA Board Monday night at their
meeting. They are: Margary Reese,
graduate student representative; Jo-
Anne Ball, Br,inner freshman repre
sentative; and Nancy Ashby, ex of
ficio of Roble.
Three girls were approved by tlio
WAA Board Monday night at their
meeting. They are: Margary Reese,
graduate student representative; Jo-
Anne Ball, Br,inner freshman repre
sentative; and Nancy Ashby, ex of
ficio of Roble.
Three girls were approved by tlio
WAA Board Monday night at their
meeting. They are: Margary Reese,
graduate student representative; Jo-
Anne Ball, Br,inner freshman repre
sentative; and Nancy Ashby, ex of
ficio of Roble.
Three girls were approved by tlio
WAA Board Monday night at their
meeting. They are: Margary Reese,
graduate student representative; Jo-
Anne Ball, Br,inner freshman repre
sentative; and Nancy Ashby, ex of
ficio of Roble.
Three girls were approved by tlio
WAA Board Monday night at their
meeting. They are: Margary Reese,
graduate student representative; Jo-
Anne Ball, Br,inner freshman repre
sentative; and Nancy Ashby, ex of
ficio of Roble.
Three girls were approved by tlio
WAA Board Monday night at their
meeting. They are: Margary Reese,
graduate student representative; Jo-
Anne Ball, Br,inner freshman repre
sentative; and Nancy Ashby, ex of
ficio of Roble.
