# Adelfa, Mariposa Score in Volleyball
## 
### 
Adelpha downed a stubborn ag
gregation from Lathrop, 7-15, 15-9,
and 15-2, Wednesday night in the
women's volleyball intramurals.
Ruble 3B defeated the girls from
Russell, 15-8, and 15-12; the Roble
Sponsors whipped Roble 3 Center,
15-0 and 15-4; and Mariposa romped
to a win over Roble IA. 15-2 and
15-5.
Adelpha downed a stubborn ag
gregation from Lathrop, 7-15, 15-9,
and 15-2, Wednesday night in the
women's volleyball intramurals.
Ruble 3B defeated the girls from
Russell, 15-8, and 15-12; the Roble
Sponsors whipped Roble 3 Center,
15-0 and 15-4; and Mariposa romped
to a win over Roble IA. 15-2 and
15-5.
Adelpha downed a stubborn ag
gregation from Lathrop, 7-15, 15-9,
and 15-2, Wednesday night in the
women's volleyball intramurals.
Ruble 3B defeated the girls from
Russell, 15-8, and 15-12; the Roble
Sponsors whipped Roble 3 Center,
15-0 and 15-4; and Mariposa romped
to a win over Roble IA. 15-2 and
15-5.
Adelpha downed a stubborn ag
gregation from Lathrop, 7-15, 15-9,
and 15-2, Wednesday night in the
women's volleyball intramurals.
Ruble 3B defeated the girls from
Russell, 15-8, and 15-12; the Roble
Sponsors whipped Roble 3 Center,
15-0 and 15-4; and Mariposa romped
to a win over Roble IA. 15-2 and
15-5.
Adelpha downed a stubborn ag
gregation from Lathrop, 7-15, 15-9,
and 15-2, Wednesday night in the
women's volleyball intramurals.
Ruble 3B defeated the girls from
Russell, 15-8, and 15-12; the Roble
Sponsors whipped Roble 3 Center,
15-0 and 15-4; and Mariposa romped
to a win over Roble IA. 15-2 and
15-5.
Adelpha downed a stubborn ag
gregation from Lathrop, 7-15, 15-9,
and 15-2, Wednesday night in the
women's volleyball intramurals.
Ruble 3B defeated the girls from
Russell, 15-8, and 15-12; the Roble
Sponsors whipped Roble 3 Center,
15-0 and 15-4; and Mariposa romped
to a win over Roble IA. 15-2 and
15-5.
Adelpha downed a stubborn ag
gregation from Lathrop, 7-15, 15-9,
and 15-2, Wednesday night in the
women's volleyball intramurals.
Ruble 3B defeated the girls from
Russell, 15-8, and 15-12; the Roble
Sponsors whipped Roble 3 Center,
15-0 and 15-4; and Mariposa romped
to a win over Roble IA. 15-2 and
15-5.
Adelpha downed a stubborn ag
gregation from Lathrop, 7-15, 15-9,
and 15-2, Wednesday night in the
women's volleyball intramurals.
Ruble 3B defeated the girls from
Russell, 15-8, and 15-12; the Roble
Sponsors whipped Roble 3 Center,
15-0 and 15-4; and Mariposa romped
to a win over Roble IA. 15-2 and
15-5.
Adelpha downed a stubborn ag
gregation from Lathrop, 7-15, 15-9,
and 15-2, Wednesday night in the
women's volleyball intramurals.
Ruble 3B defeated the girls from
Russell, 15-8, and 15-12; the Roble
Sponsors whipped Roble 3 Center,
15-0 and 15-4; and Mariposa romped
to a win over Roble IA. 15-2 and
15-5.
Adelpha downed a stubborn ag
gregation from Lathrop, 7-15, 15-9,
and 15-2, Wednesday night in the
women's volleyball intramurals.
Ruble 3B defeated the girls from
Russell, 15-8, and 15-12; the Roble
Sponsors whipped Roble 3 Center,
15-0 and 15-4; and Mariposa romped
to a win over Roble IA. 15-2 and
15-5.
Adelpha downed a stubborn ag
gregation from Lathrop, 7-15, 15-9,
and 15-2, Wednesday night in the
women's volleyball intramurals.
Ruble 3B defeated the girls from
Russell, 15-8, and 15-12; the Roble
Sponsors whipped Roble 3 Center,
15-0 and 15-4; and Mariposa romped
to a win over Roble IA. 15-2 and
15-5.
Adelpha downed a stubborn ag
gregation from Lathrop, 7-15, 15-9,
and 15-2, Wednesday night in the
women's volleyball intramurals.
Ruble 3B defeated the girls from
Russell, 15-8, and 15-12; the Roble
Sponsors whipped Roble 3 Center,
15-0 and 15-4; and Mariposa romped
to a win over Roble IA. 15-2 and
15-5.
Adelpha downed a stubborn ag
gregation from Lathrop, 7-15, 15-9,
and 15-2, Wednesday night in the
women's volleyball intramurals.
Ruble 3B defeated the girls from
Russell, 15-8, and 15-12; the Roble
Sponsors whipped Roble 3 Center,
15-0 and 15-4; and Mariposa romped
to a win over Roble IA. 15-2 and
15-5.
Adelpha downed a stubborn ag
gregation from Lathrop, 7-15, 15-9,
and 15-2, Wednesday night in the
women's volleyball intramurals.
Ruble 3B defeated the girls from
Russell, 15-8, and 15-12; the Roble
Sponsors whipped Roble 3 Center,
15-0 and 15-4; and Mariposa romped
to a win over Roble IA. 15-2 and
15-5.
Adelpha downed a stubborn ag
gregation from Lathrop, 7-15, 15-9,
and 15-2, Wednesday night in the
women's volleyball intramurals.
Ruble 3B defeated the girls from
Russell, 15-8, and 15-12; the Roble
Sponsors whipped Roble 3 Center,
15-0 and 15-4; and Mariposa romped
to a win over Roble IA. 15-2 and
15-5.
Adelpha downed a stubborn ag
gregation from Lathrop, 7-15, 15-9,
and 15-2, Wednesday night in the
women's volleyball intramurals.
Ruble 3B defeated the girls from
Russell, 15-8, and 15-12; the Roble
Sponsors whipped Roble 3 Center,
15-0 and 15-4; and Mariposa romped
to a win over Roble IA. 15-2 and
15-5.
