# Independents Threatening Violence in Chunking Aera
## 
### 
NANKING, March 28 (UP). —Dis-
gruntled Kuoniintang independent
delegates ousted from China's first
National Assembly by Generalisimo
Chiang Kai-shek threatened vio
lence tonight on the eve of the
election of the nation's first demo
cratic president.
Capping a long-smouldering po
litical feud, the independent dele
gates said they might attempt to
force their way en masse into the
Assembly's opening sessions tomor
row.
Generalissimo Chiang Kai - shek
yesterday ordered them to yield
their Assembly seats to minority
party representatives.
Fifteen of the displaced delegates
promptly went on a hunger strike,
others protested to government offi
cials. and all agreed to storm the

Assembly hall if possible and seize
their seals.
Informed sources said the Gen
eralissimo acted only after the in
dependent Kuomintang party mem
bers had refused to meet with him.
He had hoped to persuade some of
them to voluntarily bow out of the
Assembly picture, so that he could
make a lace-saving gesture to the
minority group. Their refusal forced
him to take what seemed the lesser
of two evils, the sources said.
Chiang said, "It should be real
ized that although an election is a
means for voters to express then
will, discipline must be preserved
by members of the revolutionary
party. This order reflects the col
lective will of the Kuomintang of
China."
NANKING, March 28 (UP). —Dis-
gruntled Kuoniintang independent
delegates ousted from China's first
National Assembly by Generalisimo
Chiang Kai-shek threatened vio
lence tonight on the eve of the
election of the nation's first demo
cratic president.
Capping a long-smouldering po
litical feud, the independent dele
gates said they might attempt to
force their way en masse into the
Assembly's opening sessions tomor
row.
Generalissimo Chiang Kai - shek
yesterday ordered them to yield
their Assembly seats to minority
party representatives.
Fifteen of the displaced delegates
promptly went on a hunger strike,
others protested to government offi
cials. and all agreed to storm the

Assembly hall if possible and seize
their seals.
Informed sources said the Gen
eralissimo acted only after the in
dependent Kuomintang party mem
bers had refused to meet with him.
He had hoped to persuade some of
them to voluntarily bow out of the
Assembly picture, so that he could
make a lace-saving gesture to the
minority group. Their refusal forced
him to take what seemed the lesser
of two evils, the sources said.
Chiang said, "It should be real
ized that although an election is a
means for voters to express then
will, discipline must be preserved
by members of the revolutionary
party. This order reflects the col
lective will of the Kuomintang of
China."
NANKING, March 28 (UP). —Dis-
gruntled Kuoniintang independent
delegates ousted from China's first
National Assembly by Generalisimo
Chiang Kai-shek threatened vio
lence tonight on the eve of the
election of the nation's first demo
cratic president.
Capping a long-smouldering po
litical feud, the independent dele
gates said they might attempt to
force their way en masse into the
Assembly's opening sessions tomor
row.
Generalissimo Chiang Kai - shek
yesterday ordered them to yield
their Assembly seats to minority
party representatives.
Fifteen of the displaced delegates
promptly went on a hunger strike,
others protested to government offi
cials. and all agreed to storm the

Assembly hall if possible and seize
their seals.
Informed sources said the Gen
eralissimo acted only after the in
dependent Kuomintang party mem
bers had refused to meet with him.
He had hoped to persuade some of
them to voluntarily bow out of the
Assembly picture, so that he could
make a lace-saving gesture to the
minority group. Their refusal forced
him to take what seemed the lesser
of two evils, the sources said.
Chiang said, "It should be real
ized that although an election is a
means for voters to express then
will, discipline must be preserved
by members of the revolutionary
party. This order reflects the col
lective will of the Kuomintang of
China."
NANKING, March 28 (UP). —Dis-
gruntled Kuoniintang independent
delegates ousted from China's first
National Assembly by Generalisimo
Chiang Kai-shek threatened vio
lence tonight on the eve of the
election of the nation's first demo
cratic president.
Capping a long-smouldering po
litical feud, the independent dele
gates said they might attempt to
force their way en masse into the
Assembly's opening sessions tomor
row.
Generalissimo Chiang Kai - shek
yesterday ordered them to yield
their Assembly seats to minority
party representatives.
Fifteen of the displaced delegates
promptly went on a hunger strike,
others protested to government offi
cials. and all agreed to storm the

Assembly hall if possible and seize
their seals.
Informed sources said the Gen
eralissimo acted only after the in
dependent Kuomintang party mem
bers had refused to meet with him.
He had hoped to persuade some of
them to voluntarily bow out of the
Assembly picture, so that he could
make a lace-saving gesture to the
minority group. Their refusal forced
him to take what seemed the lesser
of two evils, the sources said.
Chiang said, "It should be real
ized that although an election is a
means for voters to express then
will, discipline must be preserved
by members of the revolutionary
party. This order reflects the col
lective will of the Kuomintang of
China."
NANKING, March 28 (UP). —Dis-
gruntled Kuoniintang independent
delegates ousted from China's first
National Assembly by Generalisimo
Chiang Kai-shek threatened vio
lence tonight on the eve of the
election of the nation's first demo
cratic president.
Capping a long-smouldering po
litical feud, the independent dele
gates said they might attempt to
force their way en masse into the
Assembly's opening sessions tomor
row.
Generalissimo Chiang Kai - shek
yesterday ordered them to yield
their Assembly seats to minority
party representatives.
Fifteen of the displaced delegates
promptly went on a hunger strike,
others protested to government offi
cials. and all agreed to storm the

Assembly hall if possible and seize
their seals.
Informed sources said the Gen
eralissimo acted only after the in
dependent Kuomintang party mem
bers had refused to meet with him.
He had hoped to persuade some of
them to voluntarily bow out of the
Assembly picture, so that he could
make a lace-saving gesture to the
minority group. Their refusal forced
him to take what seemed the lesser
of two evils, the sources said.
Chiang said, "It should be real
ized that although an election is a
means for voters to express then
will, discipline must be preserved
by members of the revolutionary
party. This order reflects the col
lective will of the Kuomintang of
China."
NANKING, March 28 (UP). —Dis-
gruntled Kuoniintang independent
delegates ousted from China's first
National Assembly by Generalisimo
Chiang Kai-shek threatened vio
lence tonight on the eve of the
election of the nation's first demo
cratic president.
Capping a long-smouldering po
litical feud, the independent dele
gates said they might attempt to
force their way en masse into the
Assembly's opening sessions tomor
row.
Generalissimo Chiang Kai - shek
yesterday ordered them to yield
their Assembly seats to minority
party representatives.
Fifteen of the displaced delegates
promptly went on a hunger strike,
others protested to government offi
cials. and all agreed to storm the

Assembly hall if possible and seize
their seals.
Informed sources said the Gen
eralissimo acted only after the in
dependent Kuomintang party mem
bers had refused to meet with him.
He had hoped to persuade some of
them to voluntarily bow out of the
Assembly picture, so that he could
make a lace-saving gesture to the
minority group. Their refusal forced
him to take what seemed the lesser
of two evils, the sources said.
Chiang said, "It should be real
ized that although an election is a
means for voters to express then
will, discipline must be preserved
by members of the revolutionary
party. This order reflects the col
lective will of the Kuomintang of
China."
NANKING, March 28 (UP). —Dis-
gruntled Kuoniintang independent
delegates ousted from China's first
National Assembly by Generalisimo
Chiang Kai-shek threatened vio
lence tonight on the eve of the
election of the nation's first demo
cratic president.
Capping a long-smouldering po
litical feud, the independent dele
gates said they might attempt to
force their way en masse into the
Assembly's opening sessions tomor
row.
Generalissimo Chiang Kai - shek
yesterday ordered them to yield
their Assembly seats to minority
party representatives.
Fifteen of the displaced delegates
promptly went on a hunger strike,
others protested to government offi
cials. and all agreed to storm the

Assembly hall if possible and seize
their seals.
Informed sources said the Gen
eralissimo acted only after the in
dependent Kuomintang party mem
bers had refused to meet with him.
He had hoped to persuade some of
them to voluntarily bow out of the
Assembly picture, so that he could
make a lace-saving gesture to the
minority group. Their refusal forced
him to take what seemed the lesser
of two evils, the sources said.
Chiang said, "It should be real
ized that although an election is a
means for voters to express then
will, discipline must be preserved
by members of the revolutionary
party. This order reflects the col
lective will of the Kuomintang of
China."
NANKING, March 28 (UP). —Dis-
gruntled Kuoniintang independent
delegates ousted from China's first
National Assembly by Generalisimo
Chiang Kai-shek threatened vio
lence tonight on the eve of the
election of the nation's first demo
cratic president.
Capping a long-smouldering po
litical feud, the independent dele
gates said they might attempt to
force their way en masse into the
Assembly's opening sessions tomor
row.
Generalissimo Chiang Kai - shek
yesterday ordered them to yield
their Assembly seats to minority
party representatives.
Fifteen of the displaced delegates
promptly went on a hunger strike,
others protested to government offi
cials. and all agreed to storm the

Assembly hall if possible and seize
their seals.
Informed sources said the Gen
eralissimo acted only after the in
dependent Kuomintang party mem
bers had refused to meet with him.
He had hoped to persuade some of
them to voluntarily bow out of the
Assembly picture, so that he could
make a lace-saving gesture to the
minority group. Their refusal forced
him to take what seemed the lesser
of two evils, the sources said.
Chiang said, "It should be real
ized that although an election is a
means for voters to express then
will, discipline must be preserved
by members of the revolutionary
party. This order reflects the col
lective will of the Kuomintang of
China."
NANKING, March 28 (UP). —Dis-
gruntled Kuoniintang independent
delegates ousted from China's first
National Assembly by Generalisimo
Chiang Kai-shek threatened vio
lence tonight on the eve of the
election of the nation's first demo
cratic president.
Capping a long-smouldering po
litical feud, the independent dele
gates said they might attempt to
force their way en masse into the
Assembly's opening sessions tomor
row.
Generalissimo Chiang Kai - shek
yesterday ordered them to yield
their Assembly seats to minority
party representatives.
Fifteen of the displaced delegates
promptly went on a hunger strike,
others protested to government offi
cials. and all agreed to storm the

Assembly hall if possible and seize
their seals.
Informed sources said the Gen
eralissimo acted only after the in
dependent Kuomintang party mem
bers had refused to meet with him.
He had hoped to persuade some of
them to voluntarily bow out of the
Assembly picture, so that he could
make a lace-saving gesture to the
minority group. Their refusal forced
him to take what seemed the lesser
of two evils, the sources said.
Chiang said, "It should be real
ized that although an election is a
means for voters to express then
will, discipline must be preserved
by members of the revolutionary
party. This order reflects the col
lective will of the Kuomintang of
China."
NANKING, March 28 (UP). —Dis-
gruntled Kuoniintang independent
delegates ousted from China's first
National Assembly by Generalisimo
Chiang Kai-shek threatened vio
lence tonight on the eve of the
election of the nation's first demo
cratic president.
Capping a long-smouldering po
litical feud, the independent dele
gates said they might attempt to
force their way en masse into the
Assembly's opening sessions tomor
row.
Generalissimo Chiang Kai - shek
yesterday ordered them to yield
their Assembly seats to minority
party representatives.
Fifteen of the displaced delegates
promptly went on a hunger strike,
others protested to government offi
cials. and all agreed to storm the

Assembly hall if possible and seize
their seals.
Informed sources said the Gen
eralissimo acted only after the in
dependent Kuomintang party mem
bers had refused to meet with him.
He had hoped to persuade some of
them to voluntarily bow out of the
Assembly picture, so that he could
make a lace-saving gesture to the
minority group. Their refusal forced
him to take what seemed the lesser
of two evils, the sources said.
Chiang said, "It should be real
ized that although an election is a
means for voters to express then
will, discipline must be preserved
by members of the revolutionary
party. This order reflects the col
lective will of the Kuomintang of
China."
NANKING, March 28 (UP). —Dis-
gruntled Kuoniintang independent
delegates ousted from China's first
National Assembly by Generalisimo
Chiang Kai-shek threatened vio
lence tonight on the eve of the
election of the nation's first demo
cratic president.
Capping a long-smouldering po
litical feud, the independent dele
gates said they might attempt to
force their way en masse into the
Assembly's opening sessions tomor
row.
Generalissimo Chiang Kai - shek
yesterday ordered them to yield
their Assembly seats to minority
party representatives.
Fifteen of the displaced delegates
promptly went on a hunger strike,
others protested to government offi
cials. and all agreed to storm the

Assembly hall if possible and seize
their seals.
Informed sources said the Gen
eralissimo acted only after the in
dependent Kuomintang party mem
bers had refused to meet with him.
He had hoped to persuade some of
them to voluntarily bow out of the
Assembly picture, so that he could
make a lace-saving gesture to the
minority group. Their refusal forced
him to take what seemed the lesser
of two evils, the sources said.
Chiang said, "It should be real
ized that although an election is a
means for voters to express then
will, discipline must be preserved
by members of the revolutionary
party. This order reflects the col
lective will of the Kuomintang of
China."
NANKING, March 28 (UP). —Dis-
gruntled Kuoniintang independent
delegates ousted from China's first
National Assembly by Generalisimo
Chiang Kai-shek threatened vio
lence tonight on the eve of the
election of the nation's first demo
cratic president.
Capping a long-smouldering po
litical feud, the independent dele
gates said they might attempt to
force their way en masse into the
Assembly's opening sessions tomor
row.
Generalissimo Chiang Kai - shek
yesterday ordered them to yield
their Assembly seats to minority
party representatives.
Fifteen of the displaced delegates
promptly went on a hunger strike,
others protested to government offi
cials. and all agreed to storm the

Assembly hall if possible and seize
their seals.
Informed sources said the Gen
eralissimo acted only after the in
dependent Kuomintang party mem
bers had refused to meet with him.
He had hoped to persuade some of
them to voluntarily bow out of the
Assembly picture, so that he could
make a lace-saving gesture to the
minority group. Their refusal forced
him to take what seemed the lesser
of two evils, the sources said.
Chiang said, "It should be real
ized that although an election is a
means for voters to express then
will, discipline must be preserved
by members of the revolutionary
party. This order reflects the col
lective will of the Kuomintang of
China."
NANKING, March 28 (UP). —Dis-
gruntled Kuoniintang independent
delegates ousted from China's first
National Assembly by Generalisimo
Chiang Kai-shek threatened vio
lence tonight on the eve of the
election of the nation's first demo
cratic president.
Capping a long-smouldering po
litical feud, the independent dele
gates said they might attempt to
force their way en masse into the
Assembly's opening sessions tomor
row.
Generalissimo Chiang Kai - shek
yesterday ordered them to yield
their Assembly seats to minority
party representatives.
Fifteen of the displaced delegates
promptly went on a hunger strike,
others protested to government offi
cials. and all agreed to storm the

Assembly hall if possible and seize
their seals.
Informed sources said the Gen
eralissimo acted only after the in
dependent Kuomintang party mem
bers had refused to meet with him.
He had hoped to persuade some of
them to voluntarily bow out of the
Assembly picture, so that he could
make a lace-saving gesture to the
minority group. Their refusal forced
him to take what seemed the lesser
of two evils, the sources said.
Chiang said, "It should be real
ized that although an election is a
means for voters to express then
will, discipline must be preserved
by members of the revolutionary
party. This order reflects the col
lective will of the Kuomintang of
China."
NANKING, March 28 (UP). —Dis-
gruntled Kuoniintang independent
delegates ousted from China's first
National Assembly by Generalisimo
Chiang Kai-shek threatened vio
lence tonight on the eve of the
election of the nation's first demo
cratic president.
Capping a long-smouldering po
litical feud, the independent dele
gates said they might attempt to
force their way en masse into the
Assembly's opening sessions tomor
row.
Generalissimo Chiang Kai - shek
yesterday ordered them to yield
their Assembly seats to minority
party representatives.
Fifteen of the displaced delegates
promptly went on a hunger strike,
others protested to government offi
cials. and all agreed to storm the

Assembly hall if possible and seize
their seals.
Informed sources said the Gen
eralissimo acted only after the in
dependent Kuomintang party mem
bers had refused to meet with him.
He had hoped to persuade some of
them to voluntarily bow out of the
Assembly picture, so that he could
make a lace-saving gesture to the
minority group. Their refusal forced
him to take what seemed the lesser
of two evils, the sources said.
Chiang said, "It should be real
ized that although an election is a
means for voters to express then
will, discipline must be preserved
by members of the revolutionary
party. This order reflects the col
lective will of the Kuomintang of
China."
NANKING, March 28 (UP). —Dis-
gruntled Kuoniintang independent
delegates ousted from China's first
National Assembly by Generalisimo
Chiang Kai-shek threatened vio
lence tonight on the eve of the
election of the nation's first demo
cratic president.
Capping a long-smouldering po
litical feud, the independent dele
gates said they might attempt to
force their way en masse into the
Assembly's opening sessions tomor
row.
Generalissimo Chiang Kai - shek
yesterday ordered them to yield
their Assembly seats to minority
party representatives.
Fifteen of the displaced delegates
promptly went on a hunger strike,
others protested to government offi
cials. and all agreed to storm the

Assembly hall if possible and seize
their seals.
Informed sources said the Gen
eralissimo acted only after the in
dependent Kuomintang party mem
bers had refused to meet with him.
He had hoped to persuade some of
them to voluntarily bow out of the
Assembly picture, so that he could
make a lace-saving gesture to the
minority group. Their refusal forced
him to take what seemed the lesser
of two evils, the sources said.
Chiang said, "It should be real
ized that although an election is a
means for voters to express then
will, discipline must be preserved
by members of the revolutionary
party. This order reflects the col
lective will of the Kuomintang of
China."
