# DAILY Sports
## 
### 

ROB ANDERSON, speedy
Stanford swimmer, pic
lured here with varsity
coaches Ernie Urandsten
and Tom Ila.vrtie, re
gained his 50-yard free
style NCAA swim cham
pionship last week at Ann
Arbor.
Anderson covered the
course in 23.3 seconds to
nose out Purdue's Keith
Carter by three-tenths of
a second. Thus he took
back the title which he lost
last year in Seattle.
Bob also teamed with A 1
Weedcn and Don Hester to
bring Stanford a second
place in the 300-yard med
ley relay. The Farm trio
pushed Michigan's power
ful rlay team to a new
meet record of 2:51.9.
