# Mac Arthur Clubs Unite
## 
### 
MILWAUKEE, March 28 (UP)
A nationwide organization began
booming Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur
today for the Republican presiden
tial nomination as "America's fa
vrite son" and the man who can
"halt Communism."
The organization, linking Mac-
Arthur-for-President clubs across
the country, was set up by 200 rep
resentatives from 20 states at a
national conference here yesterday.
Fred R. Zimmerman, Wisconsin
secretary of state and one of Mac-
Arthur's chief backers, predicted
today that Mac Arthur would take
"at least 18" of the 27 Republican
delegates in the crucial Wisconsin
primary April U.
MILWAUKEE, March 28 (UP)
A nationwide organization began
booming Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur
today for the Republican presiden
tial nomination as "America's fa
vrite son" and the man who can
"halt Communism."
The organization, linking Mac-
Arthur-for-President clubs across
the country, was set up by 200 rep
resentatives from 20 states at a
national conference here yesterday.
Fred R. Zimmerman, Wisconsin
secretary of state and one of Mac-
Arthur's chief backers, predicted
today that Mac Arthur would take
"at least 18" of the 27 Republican
delegates in the crucial Wisconsin
primary April U.
MILWAUKEE, March 28 (UP)
A nationwide organization began
booming Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur
today for the Republican presiden
tial nomination as "America's fa
vrite son" and the man who can
"halt Communism."
The organization, linking Mac-
Arthur-for-President clubs across
the country, was set up by 200 rep
resentatives from 20 states at a
national conference here yesterday.
Fred R. Zimmerman, Wisconsin
secretary of state and one of Mac-
Arthur's chief backers, predicted
today that Mac Arthur would take
"at least 18" of the 27 Republican
delegates in the crucial Wisconsin
primary April U.
MILWAUKEE, March 28 (UP)
A nationwide organization began
booming Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur
today for the Republican presiden
tial nomination as "America's fa
vrite son" and the man who can
"halt Communism."
The organization, linking Mac-
Arthur-for-President clubs across
the country, was set up by 200 rep
resentatives from 20 states at a
national conference here yesterday.
Fred R. Zimmerman, Wisconsin
secretary of state and one of Mac-
Arthur's chief backers, predicted
today that Mac Arthur would take
"at least 18" of the 27 Republican
delegates in the crucial Wisconsin
primary April U.
MILWAUKEE, March 28 (UP)
A nationwide organization began
booming Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur
today for the Republican presiden
tial nomination as "America's fa
vrite son" and the man who can
"halt Communism."
The organization, linking Mac-
Arthur-for-President clubs across
the country, was set up by 200 rep
resentatives from 20 states at a
national conference here yesterday.
Fred R. Zimmerman, Wisconsin
secretary of state and one of Mac-
Arthur's chief backers, predicted
today that Mac Arthur would take
"at least 18" of the 27 Republican
delegates in the crucial Wisconsin
primary April U.
MILWAUKEE, March 28 (UP)
A nationwide organization began
booming Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur
today for the Republican presiden
tial nomination as "America's fa
vrite son" and the man who can
"halt Communism."
The organization, linking Mac-
Arthur-for-President clubs across
the country, was set up by 200 rep
resentatives from 20 states at a
national conference here yesterday.
Fred R. Zimmerman, Wisconsin
secretary of state and one of Mac-
Arthur's chief backers, predicted
today that Mac Arthur would take
"at least 18" of the 27 Republican
delegates in the crucial Wisconsin
primary April U.
MILWAUKEE, March 28 (UP)
A nationwide organization began
booming Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur
today for the Republican presiden
tial nomination as "America's fa
vrite son" and the man who can
"halt Communism."
The organization, linking Mac-
Arthur-for-President clubs across
the country, was set up by 200 rep
resentatives from 20 states at a
national conference here yesterday.
Fred R. Zimmerman, Wisconsin
secretary of state and one of Mac-
Arthur's chief backers, predicted
today that Mac Arthur would take
"at least 18" of the 27 Republican
delegates in the crucial Wisconsin
primary April U.
MILWAUKEE, March 28 (UP)
A nationwide organization began
booming Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur
today for the Republican presiden
tial nomination as "America's fa
vrite son" and the man who can
"halt Communism."
The organization, linking Mac-
Arthur-for-President clubs across
the country, was set up by 200 rep
resentatives from 20 states at a
national conference here yesterday.
Fred R. Zimmerman, Wisconsin
secretary of state and one of Mac-
Arthur's chief backers, predicted
today that Mac Arthur would take
"at least 18" of the 27 Republican
delegates in the crucial Wisconsin
primary April U.
MILWAUKEE, March 28 (UP)
A nationwide organization began
booming Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur
today for the Republican presiden
tial nomination as "America's fa
vrite son" and the man who can
"halt Communism."
The organization, linking Mac-
Arthur-for-President clubs across
the country, was set up by 200 rep
resentatives from 20 states at a
national conference here yesterday.
Fred R. Zimmerman, Wisconsin
secretary of state and one of Mac-
Arthur's chief backers, predicted
today that Mac Arthur would take
"at least 18" of the 27 Republican
delegates in the crucial Wisconsin
primary April U.
MILWAUKEE, March 28 (UP)
A nationwide organization began
booming Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur
today for the Republican presiden
tial nomination as "America's fa
vrite son" and the man who can
"halt Communism."
The organization, linking Mac-
Arthur-for-President clubs across
the country, was set up by 200 rep
resentatives from 20 states at a
national conference here yesterday.
Fred R. Zimmerman, Wisconsin
secretary of state and one of Mac-
Arthur's chief backers, predicted
today that Mac Arthur would take
"at least 18" of the 27 Republican
delegates in the crucial Wisconsin
primary April U.
MILWAUKEE, March 28 (UP)
A nationwide organization began
booming Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur
today for the Republican presiden
tial nomination as "America's fa
vrite son" and the man who can
"halt Communism."
The organization, linking Mac-
Arthur-for-President clubs across
the country, was set up by 200 rep
resentatives from 20 states at a
national conference here yesterday.
Fred R. Zimmerman, Wisconsin
secretary of state and one of Mac-
Arthur's chief backers, predicted
today that Mac Arthur would take
"at least 18" of the 27 Republican
delegates in the crucial Wisconsin
primary April U.
MILWAUKEE, March 28 (UP)
A nationwide organization began
booming Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur
today for the Republican presiden
tial nomination as "America's fa
vrite son" and the man who can
"halt Communism."
The organization, linking Mac-
Arthur-for-President clubs across
the country, was set up by 200 rep
resentatives from 20 states at a
national conference here yesterday.
Fred R. Zimmerman, Wisconsin
secretary of state and one of Mac-
Arthur's chief backers, predicted
today that Mac Arthur would take
"at least 18" of the 27 Republican
delegates in the crucial Wisconsin
primary April U.
MILWAUKEE, March 28 (UP)
A nationwide organization began
booming Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur
today for the Republican presiden
tial nomination as "America's fa
vrite son" and the man who can
"halt Communism."
The organization, linking Mac-
Arthur-for-President clubs across
the country, was set up by 200 rep
resentatives from 20 states at a
national conference here yesterday.
Fred R. Zimmerman, Wisconsin
secretary of state and one of Mac-
Arthur's chief backers, predicted
today that Mac Arthur would take
"at least 18" of the 27 Republican
delegates in the crucial Wisconsin
primary April U.
MILWAUKEE, March 28 (UP)
A nationwide organization began
booming Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur
today for the Republican presiden
tial nomination as "America's fa
vrite son" and the man who can
"halt Communism."
The organization, linking Mac-
Arthur-for-President clubs across
the country, was set up by 200 rep
resentatives from 20 states at a
national conference here yesterday.
Fred R. Zimmerman, Wisconsin
secretary of state and one of Mac-
Arthur's chief backers, predicted
today that Mac Arthur would take
"at least 18" of the 27 Republican
delegates in the crucial Wisconsin
primary April U.
MILWAUKEE, March 28 (UP)
A nationwide organization began
booming Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur
today for the Republican presiden
tial nomination as "America's fa
vrite son" and the man who can
"halt Communism."
The organization, linking Mac-
Arthur-for-President clubs across
the country, was set up by 200 rep
resentatives from 20 states at a
national conference here yesterday.
Fred R. Zimmerman, Wisconsin
secretary of state and one of Mac-
Arthur's chief backers, predicted
today that Mac Arthur would take
"at least 18" of the 27 Republican
delegates in the crucial Wisconsin
primary April U.
