# Diversions
## WHITE PLAZA WATCH 
### 
SPECIAL TOON EDITION

• What's it
1 • like to be a
- cartoon?



"My head's too big
— it hurts! Other
than that, it's OK,
'cept for when
Daddy drinks from
his 'special bot
tles.' "
— Jeff, senior, Cuddle
Studies


"It's all right, man,
now that Nixon's
gone. I try to stay
mellow."
— Mark Slackmeyer,
junior, lab research


Hee hee! One time
— hee hee — boy,
Lil' Abner an' me
went to the city
and beat us up a
heap of college
boy demonstra
tors."
— Snuffy Smith,
sophomore, Tresidder
Still operator


"I try to stay drunk
all the time; it
calms my facial
spasm."
— Popeye, amphetamine
addicted sailor
SPECIAL TOON EDITION

• What's it
1 • like to be a
- cartoon?



"My head's too big
— it hurts! Other
than that, it's OK,
'cept for when
Daddy drinks from
his 'special bot
tles.' "
— Jeff, senior, Cuddle
Studies


"It's all right, man,
now that Nixon's
gone. I try to stay
mellow."
— Mark Slackmeyer,
junior, lab research


Hee hee! One time
— hee hee — boy,
Lil' Abner an' me
went to the city
and beat us up a
heap of college
boy demonstra
tors."
— Snuffy Smith,
sophomore, Tresidder
Still operator


"I try to stay drunk
all the time; it
calms my facial
spasm."
— Popeye, amphetamine
addicted sailor
SPECIAL TOON EDITION

• What's it
1 • like to be a
- cartoon?



"My head's too big
— it hurts! Other
than that, it's OK,
'cept for when
Daddy drinks from
his 'special bot
tles.' "
— Jeff, senior, Cuddle
Studies


"It's all right, man,
now that Nixon's
gone. I try to stay
mellow."
— Mark Slackmeyer,
junior, lab research


Hee hee! One time
— hee hee — boy,
Lil' Abner an' me
went to the city
and beat us up a
heap of college
boy demonstra
tors."
— Snuffy Smith,
sophomore, Tresidder
Still operator


"I try to stay drunk
all the time; it
calms my facial
spasm."
— Popeye, amphetamine
addicted sailor
SPECIAL TOON EDITION

• What's it
1 • like to be a
- cartoon?



"My head's too big
— it hurts! Other
than that, it's OK,
'cept for when
Daddy drinks from
his 'special bot
tles.' "
— Jeff, senior, Cuddle
Studies


"It's all right, man,
now that Nixon's
gone. I try to stay
mellow."
— Mark Slackmeyer,
junior, lab research


Hee hee! One time
— hee hee — boy,
Lil' Abner an' me
went to the city
and beat us up a
heap of college
boy demonstra
tors."
— Snuffy Smith,
sophomore, Tresidder
Still operator


"I try to stay drunk
all the time; it
calms my facial
spasm."
— Popeye, amphetamine
addicted sailor
SPECIAL TOON EDITION

• What's it
1 • like to be a
- cartoon?



"My head's too big
— it hurts! Other
than that, it's OK,
'cept for when
Daddy drinks from
his 'special bot
tles.' "
— Jeff, senior, Cuddle
Studies


"It's all right, man,
now that Nixon's
gone. I try to stay
mellow."
— Mark Slackmeyer,
junior, lab research


Hee hee! One time
— hee hee — boy,
Lil' Abner an' me
went to the city
and beat us up a
heap of college
boy demonstra
tors."
— Snuffy Smith,
sophomore, Tresidder
Still operator


"I try to stay drunk
all the time; it
calms my facial
spasm."
— Popeye, amphetamine
addicted sailor
