# KZSU Features Calypso Program
## 
### 
Calypso music will comprise a
whole live radio show on KZSIJ
for the first time on the weekly
"Montage" program at 7 p.m. to
day.
Performers are part of the
Stanford radio and television 111
class. Shelly Fay, A 1 Harrington
and John Kitchen will play the
music written and produced by
John Moulds and Mary Larsen.
Pat Triplett, Don Dawson and
Sergue Condratieff will an
nounce.
Calypso music will comprise a
whole live radio show on KZSIJ
for the first time on the weekly
"Montage" program at 7 p.m. to
day.
Performers are part of the
Stanford radio and television 111
class. Shelly Fay, A 1 Harrington
and John Kitchen will play the
music written and produced by
John Moulds and Mary Larsen.
Pat Triplett, Don Dawson and
Sergue Condratieff will an
nounce.
Calypso music will comprise a
whole live radio show on KZSIJ
for the first time on the weekly
"Montage" program at 7 p.m. to
day.
Performers are part of the
Stanford radio and television 111
class. Shelly Fay, A 1 Harrington
and John Kitchen will play the
music written and produced by
John Moulds and Mary Larsen.
Pat Triplett, Don Dawson and
Sergue Condratieff will an
nounce.
Calypso music will comprise a
whole live radio show on KZSIJ
for the first time on the weekly
"Montage" program at 7 p.m. to
day.
Performers are part of the
Stanford radio and television 111
class. Shelly Fay, A 1 Harrington
and John Kitchen will play the
music written and produced by
John Moulds and Mary Larsen.
Pat Triplett, Don Dawson and
Sergue Condratieff will an
nounce.
Calypso music will comprise a
whole live radio show on KZSIJ
for the first time on the weekly
"Montage" program at 7 p.m. to
day.
Performers are part of the
Stanford radio and television 111
class. Shelly Fay, A 1 Harrington
and John Kitchen will play the
music written and produced by
John Moulds and Mary Larsen.
Pat Triplett, Don Dawson and
Sergue Condratieff will an
nounce.
Calypso music will comprise a
whole live radio show on KZSIJ
for the first time on the weekly
"Montage" program at 7 p.m. to
day.
Performers are part of the
Stanford radio and television 111
class. Shelly Fay, A 1 Harrington
and John Kitchen will play the
music written and produced by
John Moulds and Mary Larsen.
Pat Triplett, Don Dawson and
Sergue Condratieff will an
nounce.
Calypso music will comprise a
whole live radio show on KZSIJ
for the first time on the weekly
"Montage" program at 7 p.m. to
day.
Performers are part of the
Stanford radio and television 111
class. Shelly Fay, A 1 Harrington
and John Kitchen will play the
music written and produced by
John Moulds and Mary Larsen.
Pat Triplett, Don Dawson and
Sergue Condratieff will an
nounce.
Calypso music will comprise a
whole live radio show on KZSIJ
for the first time on the weekly
"Montage" program at 7 p.m. to
day.
Performers are part of the
Stanford radio and television 111
class. Shelly Fay, A 1 Harrington
and John Kitchen will play the
music written and produced by
John Moulds and Mary Larsen.
Pat Triplett, Don Dawson and
Sergue Condratieff will an
nounce.
Calypso music will comprise a
whole live radio show on KZSIJ
for the first time on the weekly
"Montage" program at 7 p.m. to
day.
Performers are part of the
Stanford radio and television 111
class. Shelly Fay, A 1 Harrington
and John Kitchen will play the
music written and produced by
John Moulds and Mary Larsen.
Pat Triplett, Don Dawson and
Sergue Condratieff will an
nounce.
Calypso music will comprise a
whole live radio show on KZSIJ
for the first time on the weekly
"Montage" program at 7 p.m. to
day.
Performers are part of the
Stanford radio and television 111
class. Shelly Fay, A 1 Harrington
and John Kitchen will play the
music written and produced by
John Moulds and Mary Larsen.
Pat Triplett, Don Dawson and
Sergue Condratieff will an
nounce.
Calypso music will comprise a
whole live radio show on KZSIJ
for the first time on the weekly
"Montage" program at 7 p.m. to
day.
Performers are part of the
Stanford radio and television 111
class. Shelly Fay, A 1 Harrington
and John Kitchen will play the
music written and produced by
John Moulds and Mary Larsen.
Pat Triplett, Don Dawson and
Sergue Condratieff will an
nounce.
Calypso music will comprise a
whole live radio show on KZSIJ
for the first time on the weekly
"Montage" program at 7 p.m. to
day.
Performers are part of the
Stanford radio and television 111
class. Shelly Fay, A 1 Harrington
and John Kitchen will play the
music written and produced by
John Moulds and Mary Larsen.
Pat Triplett, Don Dawson and
Sergue Condratieff will an
nounce.
Calypso music will comprise a
whole live radio show on KZSIJ
for the first time on the weekly
"Montage" program at 7 p.m. to
day.
Performers are part of the
Stanford radio and television 111
class. Shelly Fay, A 1 Harrington
and John Kitchen will play the
music written and produced by
John Moulds and Mary Larsen.
Pat Triplett, Don Dawson and
Sergue Condratieff will an
nounce.
Calypso music will comprise a
whole live radio show on KZSIJ
for the first time on the weekly
"Montage" program at 7 p.m. to
day.
Performers are part of the
Stanford radio and television 111
class. Shelly Fay, A 1 Harrington
and John Kitchen will play the
music written and produced by
John Moulds and Mary Larsen.
Pat Triplett, Don Dawson and
Sergue Condratieff will an
nounce.
Calypso music will comprise a
whole live radio show on KZSIJ
for the first time on the weekly
"Montage" program at 7 p.m. to
day.
Performers are part of the
Stanford radio and television 111
class. Shelly Fay, A 1 Harrington
and John Kitchen will play the
music written and produced by
John Moulds and Mary Larsen.
Pat Triplett, Don Dawson and
Sergue Condratieff will an
nounce.
Calypso music will comprise a
whole live radio show on KZSIJ
for the first time on the weekly
"Montage" program at 7 p.m. to
day.
Performers are part of the
Stanford radio and television 111
class. Shelly Fay, A 1 Harrington
and John Kitchen will play the
music written and produced by
John Moulds and Mary Larsen.
Pat Triplett, Don Dawson and
Sergue Condratieff will an
nounce.
