# Knowledge, Historical Ties Connect University With SRI
## Research Institute Dedicates Its Resources To Public Service, Shows Science Leadership 
### Baiba Students 
Stanford Research Institute is
an independent, non-profit corpo
ration chartered by the State of
California in 1947.
Members of the corporation are
the Board of Trustees of Stanford
University, and President Wallace
Sterling is chairman of the board
of directors and of the executive
committee, but the only other
connections between SRI and
Stanford are historical ties and a
mutual interest in the advance
ment of knowledge.
Through a co-operative ar
rangement, the University's libra
ry facilities are available to the
Institute staff to augment SRl's
own library. University faculty
members frequently serve as con
sultants to the programs of ihe
Institute, and, vice versa, staff
members of ihe Institute occa
sionally give special lectures or
teach courses at the University.
Public Service
The main purposes of Ihe Insti
tute are to dedicate its resources
to public service, show research
leadership in science, engineering
and economics, and solve specific
scientific problems. Since SRI is
a non • profit organization, any
funds left over after accomplish
ing the above aims go into further
development and growth of the
laboratories.
The research Is conducted in
four main groups, whi c h fre
quently overlap: Ihe engineering,
physical sciences and economics
divisions and the Poulter Labora
tories. The engineering division
concentrates mainly on research
in electronics.
The physical sciences division,
in general, is concerned with proj
ects in physics, chemistry and bi
ology. One project right now is

the use of radial ion in the preser
vat ion of food.
Economics Division
The work of the economics di
vision consists of economic inves
tigations on research, develop
ment, production, distribution and
other industrial and government
problems within and outside of
the United States, its work also
covers industry and civil defense,
military operations research, lo
gistics, weapons systems and oth
er problems of defense planning.
The main laboratories and ad
ministrative offices of the Insti
tute are located in Stanford Vil
lage, but it lias regional offices
in Los Angeles, Washington, D.C.;
Phoenix, Ariz.; Portland, Ore.;
Honolulu, Hawaii; and Zurich,
Switzerland.
Stanford Research Institute is
an independent, non-profit corpo
ration chartered by the State of
California in 1947.
Members of the corporation are
the Board of Trustees of Stanford
University, and President Wallace
Sterling is chairman of the board
of directors and of the executive
committee, but the only other
connections between SRI and
Stanford are historical ties and a
mutual interest in the advance
ment of knowledge.
Through a co-operative ar
rangement, the University's libra
ry facilities are available to the
Institute staff to augment SRl's
own library. University faculty
members frequently serve as con
sultants to the programs of ihe
Institute, and, vice versa, staff
members of ihe Institute occa
sionally give special lectures or
teach courses at the University.
Public Service
The main purposes of Ihe Insti
tute are to dedicate its resources
to public service, show research
leadership in science, engineering
and economics, and solve specific
scientific problems. Since SRI is
a non • profit organization, any
funds left over after accomplish
ing the above aims go into further
development and growth of the
laboratories.
The research Is conducted in
four main groups, whi c h fre
quently overlap: Ihe engineering,
physical sciences and economics
divisions and the Poulter Labora
tories. The engineering division
concentrates mainly on research
in electronics.
The physical sciences division,
in general, is concerned with proj
ects in physics, chemistry and bi
ology. One project right now is

the use of radial ion in the preser
vat ion of food.
Economics Division
The work of the economics di
vision consists of economic inves
tigations on research, develop
ment, production, distribution and
other industrial and government
problems within and outside of
the United States, its work also
covers industry and civil defense,
military operations research, lo
gistics, weapons systems and oth
er problems of defense planning.
The main laboratories and ad
ministrative offices of the Insti
tute are located in Stanford Vil
lage, but it lias regional offices
in Los Angeles, Washington, D.C.;
Phoenix, Ariz.; Portland, Ore.;
Honolulu, Hawaii; and Zurich,
Switzerland.
Stanford Research Institute is
an independent, non-profit corpo
ration chartered by the State of
California in 1947.
Members of the corporation are
the Board of Trustees of Stanford
University, and President Wallace
Sterling is chairman of the board
of directors and of the executive
committee, but the only other
connections between SRI and
Stanford are historical ties and a
mutual interest in the advance
ment of knowledge.
Through a co-operative ar
rangement, the University's libra
ry facilities are available to the
Institute staff to augment SRl's
own library. University faculty
members frequently serve as con
sultants to the programs of ihe
Institute, and, vice versa, staff
members of ihe Institute occa
sionally give special lectures or
teach courses at the University.
Public Service
The main purposes of Ihe Insti
tute are to dedicate its resources
to public service, show research
leadership in science, engineering
and economics, and solve specific
scientific problems. Since SRI is
a non • profit organization, any
funds left over after accomplish
ing the above aims go into further
development and growth of the
laboratories.
The research Is conducted in
four main groups, whi c h fre
quently overlap: Ihe engineering,
physical sciences and economics
divisions and the Poulter Labora
tories. The engineering division
concentrates mainly on research
in electronics.
The physical sciences division,
in general, is concerned with proj
ects in physics, chemistry and bi
ology. One project right now is

the use of radial ion in the preser
vat ion of food.
Economics Division
The work of the economics di
vision consists of economic inves
tigations on research, develop
ment, production, distribution and
other industrial and government
problems within and outside of
the United States, its work also
covers industry and civil defense,
military operations research, lo
gistics, weapons systems and oth
er problems of defense planning.
The main laboratories and ad
ministrative offices of the Insti
tute are located in Stanford Vil
lage, but it lias regional offices
in Los Angeles, Washington, D.C.;
Phoenix, Ariz.; Portland, Ore.;
Honolulu, Hawaii; and Zurich,
Switzerland.
Stanford Research Institute is
an independent, non-profit corpo
ration chartered by the State of
California in 1947.
Members of the corporation are
the Board of Trustees of Stanford
University, and President Wallace
Sterling is chairman of the board
of directors and of the executive
committee, but the only other
connections between SRI and
Stanford are historical ties and a
mutual interest in the advance
ment of knowledge.
Through a co-operative ar
rangement, the University's libra
ry facilities are available to the
Institute staff to augment SRl's
own library. University faculty
members frequently serve as con
sultants to the programs of ihe
Institute, and, vice versa, staff
members of ihe Institute occa
sionally give special lectures or
teach courses at the University.
Public Service
The main purposes of Ihe Insti
tute are to dedicate its resources
to public service, show research
leadership in science, engineering
and economics, and solve specific
scientific problems. Since SRI is
a non • profit organization, any
funds left over after accomplish
ing the above aims go into further
development and growth of the
laboratories.
The research Is conducted in
four main groups, whi c h fre
quently overlap: Ihe engineering,
physical sciences and economics
divisions and the Poulter Labora
tories. The engineering division
concentrates mainly on research
in electronics.
The physical sciences division,
in general, is concerned with proj
ects in physics, chemistry and bi
ology. One project right now is

the use of radial ion in the preser
vat ion of food.
Economics Division
The work of the economics di
vision consists of economic inves
tigations on research, develop
ment, production, distribution and
other industrial and government
problems within and outside of
the United States, its work also
covers industry and civil defense,
military operations research, lo
gistics, weapons systems and oth
er problems of defense planning.
The main laboratories and ad
ministrative offices of the Insti
tute are located in Stanford Vil
lage, but it lias regional offices
in Los Angeles, Washington, D.C.;
Phoenix, Ariz.; Portland, Ore.;
Honolulu, Hawaii; and Zurich,
Switzerland.
Stanford Research Institute is
an independent, non-profit corpo
ration chartered by the State of
California in 1947.
Members of the corporation are
the Board of Trustees of Stanford
University, and President Wallace
Sterling is chairman of the board
of directors and of the executive
committee, but the only other
connections between SRI and
Stanford are historical ties and a
mutual interest in the advance
ment of knowledge.
Through a co-operative ar
rangement, the University's libra
ry facilities are available to the
Institute staff to augment SRl's
own library. University faculty
members frequently serve as con
sultants to the programs of ihe
Institute, and, vice versa, staff
members of ihe Institute occa
sionally give special lectures or
teach courses at the University.
Public Service
The main purposes of Ihe Insti
tute are to dedicate its resources
to public service, show research
leadership in science, engineering
and economics, and solve specific
scientific problems. Since SRI is
a non • profit organization, any
funds left over after accomplish
ing the above aims go into further
development and growth of the
laboratories.
The research Is conducted in
four main groups, whi c h fre
quently overlap: Ihe engineering,
physical sciences and economics
divisions and the Poulter Labora
tories. The engineering division
concentrates mainly on research
in electronics.
The physical sciences division,
in general, is concerned with proj
ects in physics, chemistry and bi
ology. One project right now is

the use of radial ion in the preser
vat ion of food.
Economics Division
The work of the economics di
vision consists of economic inves
tigations on research, develop
ment, production, distribution and
other industrial and government
problems within and outside of
the United States, its work also
covers industry and civil defense,
military operations research, lo
gistics, weapons systems and oth
er problems of defense planning.
The main laboratories and ad
ministrative offices of the Insti
tute are located in Stanford Vil
lage, but it lias regional offices
in Los Angeles, Washington, D.C.;
Phoenix, Ariz.; Portland, Ore.;
Honolulu, Hawaii; and Zurich,
Switzerland.
Stanford Research Institute is
an independent, non-profit corpo
ration chartered by the State of
California in 1947.
Members of the corporation are
the Board of Trustees of Stanford
University, and President Wallace
Sterling is chairman of the board
of directors and of the executive
committee, but the only other
connections between SRI and
Stanford are historical ties and a
mutual interest in the advance
ment of knowledge.
Through a co-operative ar
rangement, the University's libra
ry facilities are available to the
Institute staff to augment SRl's
own library. University faculty
members frequently serve as con
sultants to the programs of ihe
Institute, and, vice versa, staff
members of ihe Institute occa
sionally give special lectures or
teach courses at the University.
Public Service
The main purposes of Ihe Insti
tute are to dedicate its resources
to public service, show research
leadership in science, engineering
and economics, and solve specific
scientific problems. Since SRI is
a non • profit organization, any
funds left over after accomplish
ing the above aims go into further
development and growth of the
laboratories.
The research Is conducted in
four main groups, whi c h fre
quently overlap: Ihe engineering,
physical sciences and economics
divisions and the Poulter Labora
tories. The engineering division
concentrates mainly on research
in electronics.
The physical sciences division,
in general, is concerned with proj
ects in physics, chemistry and bi
ology. One project right now is

the use of radial ion in the preser
vat ion of food.
Economics Division
The work of the economics di
vision consists of economic inves
tigations on research, develop
ment, production, distribution and
other industrial and government
problems within and outside of
the United States, its work also
covers industry and civil defense,
military operations research, lo
gistics, weapons systems and oth
er problems of defense planning.
The main laboratories and ad
ministrative offices of the Insti
tute are located in Stanford Vil
lage, but it lias regional offices
in Los Angeles, Washington, D.C.;
Phoenix, Ariz.; Portland, Ore.;
Honolulu, Hawaii; and Zurich,
Switzerland.
Stanford Research Institute is
an independent, non-profit corpo
ration chartered by the State of
California in 1947.
Members of the corporation are
the Board of Trustees of Stanford
University, and President Wallace
Sterling is chairman of the board
of directors and of the executive
committee, but the only other
connections between SRI and
Stanford are historical ties and a
mutual interest in the advance
ment of knowledge.
Through a co-operative ar
rangement, the University's libra
ry facilities are available to the
Institute staff to augment SRl's
own library. University faculty
members frequently serve as con
sultants to the programs of ihe
Institute, and, vice versa, staff
members of ihe Institute occa
sionally give special lectures or
teach courses at the University.
Public Service
The main purposes of Ihe Insti
tute are to dedicate its resources
to public service, show research
leadership in science, engineering
and economics, and solve specific
scientific problems. Since SRI is
a non • profit organization, any
funds left over after accomplish
ing the above aims go into further
development and growth of the
laboratories.
The research Is conducted in
four main groups, whi c h fre
quently overlap: Ihe engineering,
physical sciences and economics
divisions and the Poulter Labora
tories. The engineering division
concentrates mainly on research
in electronics.
The physical sciences division,
in general, is concerned with proj
ects in physics, chemistry and bi
ology. One project right now is

the use of radial ion in the preser
vat ion of food.
Economics Division
The work of the economics di
vision consists of economic inves
tigations on research, develop
ment, production, distribution and
other industrial and government
problems within and outside of
the United States, its work also
covers industry and civil defense,
military operations research, lo
gistics, weapons systems and oth
er problems of defense planning.
The main laboratories and ad
ministrative offices of the Insti
tute are located in Stanford Vil
lage, but it lias regional offices
in Los Angeles, Washington, D.C.;
Phoenix, Ariz.; Portland, Ore.;
Honolulu, Hawaii; and Zurich,
Switzerland.
Stanford Research Institute is
an independent, non-profit corpo
ration chartered by the State of
California in 1947.
Members of the corporation are
the Board of Trustees of Stanford
University, and President Wallace
Sterling is chairman of the board
of directors and of the executive
committee, but the only other
connections between SRI and
Stanford are historical ties and a
mutual interest in the advance
ment of knowledge.
Through a co-operative ar
rangement, the University's libra
ry facilities are available to the
Institute staff to augment SRl's
own library. University faculty
members frequently serve as con
sultants to the programs of ihe
Institute, and, vice versa, staff
members of ihe Institute occa
sionally give special lectures or
teach courses at the University.
Public Service
The main purposes of Ihe Insti
tute are to dedicate its resources
to public service, show research
leadership in science, engineering
and economics, and solve specific
scientific problems. Since SRI is
a non • profit organization, any
funds left over after accomplish
ing the above aims go into further
development and growth of the
laboratories.
The research Is conducted in
four main groups, whi c h fre
quently overlap: Ihe engineering,
physical sciences and economics
divisions and the Poulter Labora
tories. The engineering division
concentrates mainly on research
in electronics.
The physical sciences division,
in general, is concerned with proj
ects in physics, chemistry and bi
ology. One project right now is

the use of radial ion in the preser
vat ion of food.
Economics Division
The work of the economics di
vision consists of economic inves
tigations on research, develop
ment, production, distribution and
other industrial and government
problems within and outside of
the United States, its work also
covers industry and civil defense,
military operations research, lo
gistics, weapons systems and oth
er problems of defense planning.
The main laboratories and ad
ministrative offices of the Insti
tute are located in Stanford Vil
lage, but it lias regional offices
in Los Angeles, Washington, D.C.;
Phoenix, Ariz.; Portland, Ore.;
Honolulu, Hawaii; and Zurich,
Switzerland.
Stanford Research Institute is
an independent, non-profit corpo
ration chartered by the State of
California in 1947.
Members of the corporation are
the Board of Trustees of Stanford
University, and President Wallace
Sterling is chairman of the board
of directors and of the executive
committee, but the only other
connections between SRI and
Stanford are historical ties and a
mutual interest in the advance
ment of knowledge.
Through a co-operative ar
rangement, the University's libra
ry facilities are available to the
Institute staff to augment SRl's
own library. University faculty
members frequently serve as con
sultants to the programs of ihe
Institute, and, vice versa, staff
members of ihe Institute occa
sionally give special lectures or
teach courses at the University.
Public Service
The main purposes of Ihe Insti
tute are to dedicate its resources
to public service, show research
leadership in science, engineering
and economics, and solve specific
scientific problems. Since SRI is
a non • profit organization, any
funds left over after accomplish
ing the above aims go into further
development and growth of the
laboratories.
The research Is conducted in
four main groups, whi c h fre
quently overlap: Ihe engineering,
physical sciences and economics
divisions and the Poulter Labora
tories. The engineering division
concentrates mainly on research
in electronics.
The physical sciences division,
in general, is concerned with proj
ects in physics, chemistry and bi
ology. One project right now is

the use of radial ion in the preser
vat ion of food.
Economics Division
The work of the economics di
vision consists of economic inves
tigations on research, develop
ment, production, distribution and
other industrial and government
problems within and outside of
the United States, its work also
covers industry and civil defense,
military operations research, lo
gistics, weapons systems and oth
er problems of defense planning.
The main laboratories and ad
ministrative offices of the Insti
tute are located in Stanford Vil
lage, but it lias regional offices
in Los Angeles, Washington, D.C.;
Phoenix, Ariz.; Portland, Ore.;
Honolulu, Hawaii; and Zurich,
Switzerland.
Stanford Research Institute is
an independent, non-profit corpo
ration chartered by the State of
California in 1947.
Members of the corporation are
the Board of Trustees of Stanford
University, and President Wallace
Sterling is chairman of the board
of directors and of the executive
committee, but the only other
connections between SRI and
Stanford are historical ties and a
mutual interest in the advance
ment of knowledge.
Through a co-operative ar
rangement, the University's libra
ry facilities are available to the
Institute staff to augment SRl's
own library. University faculty
members frequently serve as con
sultants to the programs of ihe
Institute, and, vice versa, staff
members of ihe Institute occa
sionally give special lectures or
teach courses at the University.
Public Service
The main purposes of Ihe Insti
tute are to dedicate its resources
to public service, show research
leadership in science, engineering
and economics, and solve specific
scientific problems. Since SRI is
a non • profit organization, any
funds left over after accomplish
ing the above aims go into further
development and growth of the
laboratories.
The research Is conducted in
four main groups, whi c h fre
quently overlap: Ihe engineering,
physical sciences and economics
divisions and the Poulter Labora
tories. The engineering division
concentrates mainly on research
in electronics.
The physical sciences division,
in general, is concerned with proj
ects in physics, chemistry and bi
ology. One project right now is

the use of radial ion in the preser
vat ion of food.
Economics Division
The work of the economics di
vision consists of economic inves
tigations on research, develop
ment, production, distribution and
other industrial and government
problems within and outside of
the United States, its work also
covers industry and civil defense,
military operations research, lo
gistics, weapons systems and oth
er problems of defense planning.
The main laboratories and ad
ministrative offices of the Insti
tute are located in Stanford Vil
lage, but it lias regional offices
in Los Angeles, Washington, D.C.;
Phoenix, Ariz.; Portland, Ore.;
Honolulu, Hawaii; and Zurich,
Switzerland.
Stanford Research Institute is
an independent, non-profit corpo
ration chartered by the State of
California in 1947.
Members of the corporation are
the Board of Trustees of Stanford
University, and President Wallace
Sterling is chairman of the board
of directors and of the executive
committee, but the only other
connections between SRI and
Stanford are historical ties and a
mutual interest in the advance
ment of knowledge.
Through a co-operative ar
rangement, the University's libra
ry facilities are available to the
Institute staff to augment SRl's
own library. University faculty
members frequently serve as con
sultants to the programs of ihe
Institute, and, vice versa, staff
members of ihe Institute occa
sionally give special lectures or
teach courses at the University.
Public Service
The main purposes of Ihe Insti
tute are to dedicate its resources
to public service, show research
leadership in science, engineering
and economics, and solve specific
scientific problems. Since SRI is
a non • profit organization, any
funds left over after accomplish
ing the above aims go into further
development and growth of the
laboratories.
The research Is conducted in
four main groups, whi c h fre
quently overlap: Ihe engineering,
physical sciences and economics
divisions and the Poulter Labora
tories. The engineering division
concentrates mainly on research
in electronics.
The physical sciences division,
in general, is concerned with proj
ects in physics, chemistry and bi
ology. One project right now is

the use of radial ion in the preser
vat ion of food.
Economics Division
The work of the economics di
vision consists of economic inves
tigations on research, develop
ment, production, distribution and
other industrial and government
problems within and outside of
the United States, its work also
covers industry and civil defense,
military operations research, lo
gistics, weapons systems and oth
er problems of defense planning.
The main laboratories and ad
ministrative offices of the Insti
tute are located in Stanford Vil
lage, but it lias regional offices
in Los Angeles, Washington, D.C.;
Phoenix, Ariz.; Portland, Ore.;
Honolulu, Hawaii; and Zurich,
Switzerland.
Stanford Research Institute is
an independent, non-profit corpo
ration chartered by the State of
California in 1947.
Members of the corporation are
the Board of Trustees of Stanford
University, and President Wallace
Sterling is chairman of the board
of directors and of the executive
committee, but the only other
connections between SRI and
Stanford are historical ties and a
mutual interest in the advance
ment of knowledge.
Through a co-operative ar
rangement, the University's libra
ry facilities are available to the
Institute staff to augment SRl's
own library. University faculty
members frequently serve as con
sultants to the programs of ihe
Institute, and, vice versa, staff
members of ihe Institute occa
sionally give special lectures or
teach courses at the University.
Public Service
The main purposes of Ihe Insti
tute are to dedicate its resources
to public service, show research
leadership in science, engineering
and economics, and solve specific
scientific problems. Since SRI is
a non • profit organization, any
funds left over after accomplish
ing the above aims go into further
development and growth of the
laboratories.
The research Is conducted in
four main groups, whi c h fre
quently overlap: Ihe engineering,
physical sciences and economics
divisions and the Poulter Labora
tories. The engineering division
concentrates mainly on research
in electronics.
The physical sciences division,
in general, is concerned with proj
ects in physics, chemistry and bi
ology. One project right now is

the use of radial ion in the preser
vat ion of food.
Economics Division
The work of the economics di
vision consists of economic inves
tigations on research, develop
ment, production, distribution and
other industrial and government
problems within and outside of
the United States, its work also
covers industry and civil defense,
military operations research, lo
gistics, weapons systems and oth
er problems of defense planning.
The main laboratories and ad
ministrative offices of the Insti
tute are located in Stanford Vil
lage, but it lias regional offices
in Los Angeles, Washington, D.C.;
Phoenix, Ariz.; Portland, Ore.;
Honolulu, Hawaii; and Zurich,
Switzerland.
Stanford Research Institute is
an independent, non-profit corpo
ration chartered by the State of
California in 1947.
Members of the corporation are
the Board of Trustees of Stanford
University, and President Wallace
Sterling is chairman of the board
of directors and of the executive
committee, but the only other
connections between SRI and
Stanford are historical ties and a
mutual interest in the advance
ment of knowledge.
Through a co-operative ar
rangement, the University's libra
ry facilities are available to the
Institute staff to augment SRl's
own library. University faculty
members frequently serve as con
sultants to the programs of ihe
Institute, and, vice versa, staff
members of ihe Institute occa
sionally give special lectures or
teach courses at the University.
Public Service
The main purposes of Ihe Insti
tute are to dedicate its resources
to public service, show research
leadership in science, engineering
and economics, and solve specific
scientific problems. Since SRI is
a non • profit organization, any
funds left over after accomplish
ing the above aims go into further
development and growth of the
laboratories.
The research Is conducted in
four main groups, whi c h fre
quently overlap: Ihe engineering,
physical sciences and economics
divisions and the Poulter Labora
tories. The engineering division
concentrates mainly on research
in electronics.
The physical sciences division,
in general, is concerned with proj
ects in physics, chemistry and bi
ology. One project right now is

the use of radial ion in the preser
vat ion of food.
Economics Division
The work of the economics di
vision consists of economic inves
tigations on research, develop
ment, production, distribution and
other industrial and government
problems within and outside of
the United States, its work also
covers industry and civil defense,
military operations research, lo
gistics, weapons systems and oth
er problems of defense planning.
The main laboratories and ad
ministrative offices of the Insti
tute are located in Stanford Vil
lage, but it lias regional offices
in Los Angeles, Washington, D.C.;
Phoenix, Ariz.; Portland, Ore.;
Honolulu, Hawaii; and Zurich,
Switzerland.
Stanford Research Institute is
an independent, non-profit corpo
ration chartered by the State of
California in 1947.
Members of the corporation are
the Board of Trustees of Stanford
University, and President Wallace
Sterling is chairman of the board
of directors and of the executive
committee, but the only other
connections between SRI and
Stanford are historical ties and a
mutual interest in the advance
ment of knowledge.
Through a co-operative ar
rangement, the University's libra
ry facilities are available to the
Institute staff to augment SRl's
own library. University faculty
members frequently serve as con
sultants to the programs of ihe
Institute, and, vice versa, staff
members of ihe Institute occa
sionally give special lectures or
teach courses at the University.
Public Service
The main purposes of Ihe Insti
tute are to dedicate its resources
to public service, show research
leadership in science, engineering
and economics, and solve specific
scientific problems. Since SRI is
a non • profit organization, any
funds left over after accomplish
ing the above aims go into further
development and growth of the
laboratories.
The research Is conducted in
four main groups, whi c h fre
quently overlap: Ihe engineering,
physical sciences and economics
divisions and the Poulter Labora
tories. The engineering division
concentrates mainly on research
in electronics.
The physical sciences division,
in general, is concerned with proj
ects in physics, chemistry and bi
ology. One project right now is

the use of radial ion in the preser
vat ion of food.
Economics Division
The work of the economics di
vision consists of economic inves
tigations on research, develop
ment, production, distribution and
other industrial and government
problems within and outside of
the United States, its work also
covers industry and civil defense,
military operations research, lo
gistics, weapons systems and oth
er problems of defense planning.
The main laboratories and ad
ministrative offices of the Insti
tute are located in Stanford Vil
lage, but it lias regional offices
in Los Angeles, Washington, D.C.;
Phoenix, Ariz.; Portland, Ore.;
Honolulu, Hawaii; and Zurich,
Switzerland.
Stanford Research Institute is
an independent, non-profit corpo
ration chartered by the State of
California in 1947.
Members of the corporation are
the Board of Trustees of Stanford
University, and President Wallace
Sterling is chairman of the board
of directors and of the executive
committee, but the only other
connections between SRI and
Stanford are historical ties and a
mutual interest in the advance
ment of knowledge.
Through a co-operative ar
rangement, the University's libra
ry facilities are available to the
Institute staff to augment SRl's
own library. University faculty
members frequently serve as con
sultants to the programs of ihe
Institute, and, vice versa, staff
members of ihe Institute occa
sionally give special lectures or
teach courses at the University.
Public Service
The main purposes of Ihe Insti
tute are to dedicate its resources
to public service, show research
leadership in science, engineering
and economics, and solve specific
scientific problems. Since SRI is
a non • profit organization, any
funds left over after accomplish
ing the above aims go into further
development and growth of the
laboratories.
The research Is conducted in
four main groups, whi c h fre
quently overlap: Ihe engineering,
physical sciences and economics
divisions and the Poulter Labora
tories. The engineering division
concentrates mainly on research
in electronics.
The physical sciences division,
in general, is concerned with proj
ects in physics, chemistry and bi
ology. One project right now is

the use of radial ion in the preser
vat ion of food.
Economics Division
The work of the economics di
vision consists of economic inves
tigations on research, develop
ment, production, distribution and
other industrial and government
problems within and outside of
the United States, its work also
covers industry and civil defense,
military operations research, lo
gistics, weapons systems and oth
er problems of defense planning.
The main laboratories and ad
ministrative offices of the Insti
tute are located in Stanford Vil
lage, but it lias regional offices
in Los Angeles, Washington, D.C.;
Phoenix, Ariz.; Portland, Ore.;
Honolulu, Hawaii; and Zurich,
Switzerland.
Stanford Research Institute is
an independent, non-profit corpo
ration chartered by the State of
California in 1947.
Members of the corporation are
the Board of Trustees of Stanford
University, and President Wallace
Sterling is chairman of the board
of directors and of the executive
committee, but the only other
connections between SRI and
Stanford are historical ties and a
mutual interest in the advance
ment of knowledge.
Through a co-operative ar
rangement, the University's libra
ry facilities are available to the
Institute staff to augment SRl's
own library. University faculty
members frequently serve as con
sultants to the programs of ihe
Institute, and, vice versa, staff
members of ihe Institute occa
sionally give special lectures or
teach courses at the University.
Public Service
The main purposes of Ihe Insti
tute are to dedicate its resources
to public service, show research
leadership in science, engineering
and economics, and solve specific
scientific problems. Since SRI is
a non • profit organization, any
funds left over after accomplish
ing the above aims go into further
development and growth of the
laboratories.
The research Is conducted in
four main groups, whi c h fre
quently overlap: Ihe engineering,
physical sciences and economics
divisions and the Poulter Labora
tories. The engineering division
concentrates mainly on research
in electronics.
The physical sciences division,
in general, is concerned with proj
ects in physics, chemistry and bi
ology. One project right now is

the use of radial ion in the preser
vat ion of food.
Economics Division
The work of the economics di
vision consists of economic inves
tigations on research, develop
ment, production, distribution and
other industrial and government
problems within and outside of
the United States, its work also
covers industry and civil defense,
military operations research, lo
gistics, weapons systems and oth
er problems of defense planning.
The main laboratories and ad
ministrative offices of the Insti
tute are located in Stanford Vil
lage, but it lias regional offices
in Los Angeles, Washington, D.C.;
Phoenix, Ariz.; Portland, Ore.;
Honolulu, Hawaii; and Zurich,
Switzerland.
