# Young Democrats Condemn Actions Of Stanford YR's
## 
### 
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats unanimously adopted a
resolution last night condemning
the persons in the Stanford Area
Young Republicans whose quai
rels have disrupted the organiza
lion of the Political Union.
.lim White proposed the reso
Intion, which read:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats condemn the
•.elfish factional fights in the
Stanford Arpa Young Republicans
which have been carried over into
the Stanford Political Union and
have seriously threatened the ex
istence of that organization."
Two other resolutions unani
mously adopted were:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats object vehe
mently to the present Administra
tion's attempting to railroad
through Congress the Kisenhowcr
Doctrine without adequate consid
eration.
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats applaud and
endorse the organization of the
Democratic National Advisory
Council."
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats unanimously adopted a
resolution last night condemning
the persons in the Stanford Area
Young Republicans whose quai
rels have disrupted the organiza
lion of the Political Union.
.lim White proposed the reso
Intion, which read:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats condemn the
•.elfish factional fights in the
Stanford Arpa Young Republicans
which have been carried over into
the Stanford Political Union and
have seriously threatened the ex
istence of that organization."
Two other resolutions unani
mously adopted were:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats object vehe
mently to the present Administra
tion's attempting to railroad
through Congress the Kisenhowcr
Doctrine without adequate consid
eration.
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats applaud and
endorse the organization of the
Democratic National Advisory
Council."
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats unanimously adopted a
resolution last night condemning
the persons in the Stanford Area
Young Republicans whose quai
rels have disrupted the organiza
lion of the Political Union.
.lim White proposed the reso
Intion, which read:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats condemn the
•.elfish factional fights in the
Stanford Arpa Young Republicans
which have been carried over into
the Stanford Political Union and
have seriously threatened the ex
istence of that organization."
Two other resolutions unani
mously adopted were:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats object vehe
mently to the present Administra
tion's attempting to railroad
through Congress the Kisenhowcr
Doctrine without adequate consid
eration.
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats applaud and
endorse the organization of the
Democratic National Advisory
Council."
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats unanimously adopted a
resolution last night condemning
the persons in the Stanford Area
Young Republicans whose quai
rels have disrupted the organiza
lion of the Political Union.
.lim White proposed the reso
Intion, which read:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats condemn the
•.elfish factional fights in the
Stanford Arpa Young Republicans
which have been carried over into
the Stanford Political Union and
have seriously threatened the ex
istence of that organization."
Two other resolutions unani
mously adopted were:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats object vehe
mently to the present Administra
tion's attempting to railroad
through Congress the Kisenhowcr
Doctrine without adequate consid
eration.
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats applaud and
endorse the organization of the
Democratic National Advisory
Council."
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats unanimously adopted a
resolution last night condemning
the persons in the Stanford Area
Young Republicans whose quai
rels have disrupted the organiza
lion of the Political Union.
.lim White proposed the reso
Intion, which read:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats condemn the
•.elfish factional fights in the
Stanford Arpa Young Republicans
which have been carried over into
the Stanford Political Union and
have seriously threatened the ex
istence of that organization."
Two other resolutions unani
mously adopted were:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats object vehe
mently to the present Administra
tion's attempting to railroad
through Congress the Kisenhowcr
Doctrine without adequate consid
eration.
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats applaud and
endorse the organization of the
Democratic National Advisory
Council."
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats unanimously adopted a
resolution last night condemning
the persons in the Stanford Area
Young Republicans whose quai
rels have disrupted the organiza
lion of the Political Union.
.lim White proposed the reso
Intion, which read:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats condemn the
•.elfish factional fights in the
Stanford Arpa Young Republicans
which have been carried over into
the Stanford Political Union and
have seriously threatened the ex
istence of that organization."
Two other resolutions unani
mously adopted were:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats object vehe
mently to the present Administra
tion's attempting to railroad
through Congress the Kisenhowcr
Doctrine without adequate consid
eration.
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats applaud and
endorse the organization of the
Democratic National Advisory
Council."
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats unanimously adopted a
resolution last night condemning
the persons in the Stanford Area
Young Republicans whose quai
rels have disrupted the organiza
lion of the Political Union.
.lim White proposed the reso
Intion, which read:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats condemn the
•.elfish factional fights in the
Stanford Arpa Young Republicans
which have been carried over into
the Stanford Political Union and
have seriously threatened the ex
istence of that organization."
Two other resolutions unani
mously adopted were:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats object vehe
mently to the present Administra
tion's attempting to railroad
through Congress the Kisenhowcr
Doctrine without adequate consid
eration.
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats applaud and
endorse the organization of the
Democratic National Advisory
Council."
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats unanimously adopted a
resolution last night condemning
the persons in the Stanford Area
Young Republicans whose quai
rels have disrupted the organiza
lion of the Political Union.
.lim White proposed the reso
Intion, which read:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats condemn the
•.elfish factional fights in the
Stanford Arpa Young Republicans
which have been carried over into
the Stanford Political Union and
have seriously threatened the ex
istence of that organization."
Two other resolutions unani
mously adopted were:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats object vehe
mently to the present Administra
tion's attempting to railroad
through Congress the Kisenhowcr
Doctrine without adequate consid
eration.
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats applaud and
endorse the organization of the
Democratic National Advisory
Council."
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats unanimously adopted a
resolution last night condemning
the persons in the Stanford Area
Young Republicans whose quai
rels have disrupted the organiza
lion of the Political Union.
.lim White proposed the reso
Intion, which read:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats condemn the
•.elfish factional fights in the
Stanford Arpa Young Republicans
which have been carried over into
the Stanford Political Union and
have seriously threatened the ex
istence of that organization."
Two other resolutions unani
mously adopted were:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats object vehe
mently to the present Administra
tion's attempting to railroad
through Congress the Kisenhowcr
Doctrine without adequate consid
eration.
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats applaud and
endorse the organization of the
Democratic National Advisory
Council."
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats unanimously adopted a
resolution last night condemning
the persons in the Stanford Area
Young Republicans whose quai
rels have disrupted the organiza
lion of the Political Union.
.lim White proposed the reso
Intion, which read:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats condemn the
•.elfish factional fights in the
Stanford Arpa Young Republicans
which have been carried over into
the Stanford Political Union and
have seriously threatened the ex
istence of that organization."
Two other resolutions unani
mously adopted were:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats object vehe
mently to the present Administra
tion's attempting to railroad
through Congress the Kisenhowcr
Doctrine without adequate consid
eration.
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats applaud and
endorse the organization of the
Democratic National Advisory
Council."
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats unanimously adopted a
resolution last night condemning
the persons in the Stanford Area
Young Republicans whose quai
rels have disrupted the organiza
lion of the Political Union.
.lim White proposed the reso
Intion, which read:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats condemn the
•.elfish factional fights in the
Stanford Arpa Young Republicans
which have been carried over into
the Stanford Political Union and
have seriously threatened the ex
istence of that organization."
Two other resolutions unani
mously adopted were:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats object vehe
mently to the present Administra
tion's attempting to railroad
through Congress the Kisenhowcr
Doctrine without adequate consid
eration.
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats applaud and
endorse the organization of the
Democratic National Advisory
Council."
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats unanimously adopted a
resolution last night condemning
the persons in the Stanford Area
Young Republicans whose quai
rels have disrupted the organiza
lion of the Political Union.
.lim White proposed the reso
Intion, which read:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats condemn the
•.elfish factional fights in the
Stanford Arpa Young Republicans
which have been carried over into
the Stanford Political Union and
have seriously threatened the ex
istence of that organization."
Two other resolutions unani
mously adopted were:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats object vehe
mently to the present Administra
tion's attempting to railroad
through Congress the Kisenhowcr
Doctrine without adequate consid
eration.
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats applaud and
endorse the organization of the
Democratic National Advisory
Council."
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats unanimously adopted a
resolution last night condemning
the persons in the Stanford Area
Young Republicans whose quai
rels have disrupted the organiza
lion of the Political Union.
.lim White proposed the reso
Intion, which read:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats condemn the
•.elfish factional fights in the
Stanford Arpa Young Republicans
which have been carried over into
the Stanford Political Union and
have seriously threatened the ex
istence of that organization."
Two other resolutions unani
mously adopted were:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats object vehe
mently to the present Administra
tion's attempting to railroad
through Congress the Kisenhowcr
Doctrine without adequate consid
eration.
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats applaud and
endorse the organization of the
Democratic National Advisory
Council."
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats unanimously adopted a
resolution last night condemning
the persons in the Stanford Area
Young Republicans whose quai
rels have disrupted the organiza
lion of the Political Union.
.lim White proposed the reso
Intion, which read:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats condemn the
•.elfish factional fights in the
Stanford Arpa Young Republicans
which have been carried over into
the Stanford Political Union and
have seriously threatened the ex
istence of that organization."
Two other resolutions unani
mously adopted were:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats object vehe
mently to the present Administra
tion's attempting to railroad
through Congress the Kisenhowcr
Doctrine without adequate consid
eration.
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats applaud and
endorse the organization of the
Democratic National Advisory
Council."
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats unanimously adopted a
resolution last night condemning
the persons in the Stanford Area
Young Republicans whose quai
rels have disrupted the organiza
lion of the Political Union.
.lim White proposed the reso
Intion, which read:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats condemn the
•.elfish factional fights in the
Stanford Arpa Young Republicans
which have been carried over into
the Stanford Political Union and
have seriously threatened the ex
istence of that organization."
Two other resolutions unani
mously adopted were:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats object vehe
mently to the present Administra
tion's attempting to railroad
through Congress the Kisenhowcr
Doctrine without adequate consid
eration.
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats applaud and
endorse the organization of the
Democratic National Advisory
Council."
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats unanimously adopted a
resolution last night condemning
the persons in the Stanford Area
Young Republicans whose quai
rels have disrupted the organiza
lion of the Political Union.
.lim White proposed the reso
Intion, which read:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats condemn the
•.elfish factional fights in the
Stanford Arpa Young Republicans
which have been carried over into
the Stanford Political Union and
have seriously threatened the ex
istence of that organization."
Two other resolutions unani
mously adopted were:
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats object vehe
mently to the present Administra
tion's attempting to railroad
through Congress the Kisenhowcr
Doctrine without adequate consid
eration.
"Resolved: The Stanford Area
Young Democrats applaud and
endorse the organization of the
Democratic National Advisory
Council."
