# Poetry Reading
## 
### 
Poetess Louise Bogan will give a
poetry reading to creative writing
classes on Monday in the Bender
Room at the Main Library, 4:15 p.m.
Miss Bogan is the poetry critic for
the "New Yorker."
Poetess Louise Bogan will give a
poetry reading to creative writing
classes on Monday in the Bender
Room at the Main Library, 4:15 p.m.
Miss Bogan is the poetry critic for
the "New Yorker."
Poetess Louise Bogan will give a
poetry reading to creative writing
classes on Monday in the Bender
Room at the Main Library, 4:15 p.m.
Miss Bogan is the poetry critic for
the "New Yorker."
Poetess Louise Bogan will give a
poetry reading to creative writing
classes on Monday in the Bender
Room at the Main Library, 4:15 p.m.
Miss Bogan is the poetry critic for
the "New Yorker."
Poetess Louise Bogan will give a
poetry reading to creative writing
classes on Monday in the Bender
Room at the Main Library, 4:15 p.m.
Miss Bogan is the poetry critic for
the "New Yorker."
Poetess Louise Bogan will give a
poetry reading to creative writing
classes on Monday in the Bender
Room at the Main Library, 4:15 p.m.
Miss Bogan is the poetry critic for
the "New Yorker."
Poetess Louise Bogan will give a
poetry reading to creative writing
classes on Monday in the Bender
Room at the Main Library, 4:15 p.m.
Miss Bogan is the poetry critic for
the "New Yorker."
Poetess Louise Bogan will give a
poetry reading to creative writing
classes on Monday in the Bender
Room at the Main Library, 4:15 p.m.
Miss Bogan is the poetry critic for
the "New Yorker."
Poetess Louise Bogan will give a
poetry reading to creative writing
classes on Monday in the Bender
Room at the Main Library, 4:15 p.m.
Miss Bogan is the poetry critic for
the "New Yorker."
Poetess Louise Bogan will give a
poetry reading to creative writing
classes on Monday in the Bender
Room at the Main Library, 4:15 p.m.
Miss Bogan is the poetry critic for
the "New Yorker."
Poetess Louise Bogan will give a
poetry reading to creative writing
classes on Monday in the Bender
Room at the Main Library, 4:15 p.m.
Miss Bogan is the poetry critic for
the "New Yorker."
Poetess Louise Bogan will give a
poetry reading to creative writing
classes on Monday in the Bender
Room at the Main Library, 4:15 p.m.
Miss Bogan is the poetry critic for
the "New Yorker."
Poetess Louise Bogan will give a
poetry reading to creative writing
classes on Monday in the Bender
Room at the Main Library, 4:15 p.m.
Miss Bogan is the poetry critic for
the "New Yorker."
Poetess Louise Bogan will give a
poetry reading to creative writing
classes on Monday in the Bender
Room at the Main Library, 4:15 p.m.
Miss Bogan is the poetry critic for
the "New Yorker."
Poetess Louise Bogan will give a
poetry reading to creative writing
classes on Monday in the Bender
Room at the Main Library, 4:15 p.m.
Miss Bogan is the poetry critic for
the "New Yorker."
