# Soccermen Tangle With City College
## 
### 
Stanford's soccer team tackles
CCSF tomorrow in a Northern Cali
fornia Soccer League contest. The
tribe hooters are once - beaten in
conference play, having lost only
I to USF.
Stanford's soccer team tackles
CCSF tomorrow in a Northern Cali
fornia Soccer League contest. The
tribe hooters are once - beaten in
conference play, having lost only
I to USF.
Stanford's soccer team tackles
CCSF tomorrow in a Northern Cali
fornia Soccer League contest. The
tribe hooters are once - beaten in
conference play, having lost only
I to USF.
Stanford's soccer team tackles
CCSF tomorrow in a Northern Cali
fornia Soccer League contest. The
tribe hooters are once - beaten in
conference play, having lost only
I to USF.
Stanford's soccer team tackles
CCSF tomorrow in a Northern Cali
fornia Soccer League contest. The
tribe hooters are once - beaten in
conference play, having lost only
I to USF.
Stanford's soccer team tackles
CCSF tomorrow in a Northern Cali
fornia Soccer League contest. The
tribe hooters are once - beaten in
conference play, having lost only
I to USF.
Stanford's soccer team tackles
CCSF tomorrow in a Northern Cali
fornia Soccer League contest. The
tribe hooters are once - beaten in
conference play, having lost only
I to USF.
Stanford's soccer team tackles
CCSF tomorrow in a Northern Cali
fornia Soccer League contest. The
tribe hooters are once - beaten in
conference play, having lost only
I to USF.
Stanford's soccer team tackles
CCSF tomorrow in a Northern Cali
fornia Soccer League contest. The
tribe hooters are once - beaten in
conference play, having lost only
I to USF.
Stanford's soccer team tackles
CCSF tomorrow in a Northern Cali
fornia Soccer League contest. The
tribe hooters are once - beaten in
conference play, having lost only
I to USF.
Stanford's soccer team tackles
CCSF tomorrow in a Northern Cali
fornia Soccer League contest. The
tribe hooters are once - beaten in
conference play, having lost only
I to USF.
Stanford's soccer team tackles
CCSF tomorrow in a Northern Cali
fornia Soccer League contest. The
tribe hooters are once - beaten in
conference play, having lost only
I to USF.
Stanford's soccer team tackles
CCSF tomorrow in a Northern Cali
fornia Soccer League contest. The
tribe hooters are once - beaten in
conference play, having lost only
I to USF.
Stanford's soccer team tackles
CCSF tomorrow in a Northern Cali
fornia Soccer League contest. The
tribe hooters are once - beaten in
conference play, having lost only
I to USF.
Stanford's soccer team tackles
CCSF tomorrow in a Northern Cali
fornia Soccer League contest. The
tribe hooters are once - beaten in
conference play, having lost only
I to USF.
