# CANADIAN HERE
## 
### 
Dr. Norris Katz, of the Canadian
National Research Council, Ottawa,
visited (he campus yesterday after
noon. He called on Acting President
Swain and later inspected the chem
istry building.
Estimated forest fire damage last
year was $87,916,850 on lands un
protected.
Dr. Norris Katz, of the Canadian
National Research Council, Ottawa,
visited (he campus yesterday after
noon. He called on Acting President
Swain and later inspected the chem
istry building.
Estimated forest fire damage last
year was $87,916,850 on lands un
protected.
Dr. Norris Katz, of the Canadian
National Research Council, Ottawa,
visited (he campus yesterday after
noon. He called on Acting President
Swain and later inspected the chem
istry building.
Estimated forest fire damage last
year was $87,916,850 on lands un
protected.
Dr. Norris Katz, of the Canadian
National Research Council, Ottawa,
visited (he campus yesterday after
noon. He called on Acting President
Swain and later inspected the chem
istry building.
Estimated forest fire damage last
year was $87,916,850 on lands un
protected.
Dr. Norris Katz, of the Canadian
National Research Council, Ottawa,
visited (he campus yesterday after
noon. He called on Acting President
Swain and later inspected the chem
istry building.
Estimated forest fire damage last
year was $87,916,850 on lands un
protected.
Dr. Norris Katz, of the Canadian
National Research Council, Ottawa,
visited (he campus yesterday after
noon. He called on Acting President
Swain and later inspected the chem
istry building.
Estimated forest fire damage last
year was $87,916,850 on lands un
protected.
Dr. Norris Katz, of the Canadian
National Research Council, Ottawa,
visited (he campus yesterday after
noon. He called on Acting President
Swain and later inspected the chem
istry building.
Estimated forest fire damage last
year was $87,916,850 on lands un
protected.
Dr. Norris Katz, of the Canadian
National Research Council, Ottawa,
visited (he campus yesterday after
noon. He called on Acting President
Swain and later inspected the chem
istry building.
Estimated forest fire damage last
year was $87,916,850 on lands un
protected.
Dr. Norris Katz, of the Canadian
National Research Council, Ottawa,
visited (he campus yesterday after
noon. He called on Acting President
Swain and later inspected the chem
istry building.
Estimated forest fire damage last
year was $87,916,850 on lands un
protected.
Dr. Norris Katz, of the Canadian
National Research Council, Ottawa,
visited (he campus yesterday after
noon. He called on Acting President
Swain and later inspected the chem
istry building.
Estimated forest fire damage last
year was $87,916,850 on lands un
protected.
Dr. Norris Katz, of the Canadian
National Research Council, Ottawa,
visited (he campus yesterday after
noon. He called on Acting President
Swain and later inspected the chem
istry building.
Estimated forest fire damage last
year was $87,916,850 on lands un
protected.
Dr. Norris Katz, of the Canadian
National Research Council, Ottawa,
visited (he campus yesterday after
noon. He called on Acting President
Swain and later inspected the chem
istry building.
Estimated forest fire damage last
year was $87,916,850 on lands un
protected.
Dr. Norris Katz, of the Canadian
National Research Council, Ottawa,
visited (he campus yesterday after
noon. He called on Acting President
Swain and later inspected the chem
istry building.
Estimated forest fire damage last
year was $87,916,850 on lands un
protected.
Dr. Norris Katz, of the Canadian
National Research Council, Ottawa,
visited (he campus yesterday after
noon. He called on Acting President
Swain and later inspected the chem
istry building.
Estimated forest fire damage last
year was $87,916,850 on lands un
protected.
Dr. Norris Katz, of the Canadian
National Research Council, Ottawa,
visited (he campus yesterday after
noon. He called on Acting President
Swain and later inspected the chem
istry building.
Estimated forest fire damage last
year was $87,916,850 on lands un
protected.
Dr. Norris Katz, of the Canadian
National Research Council, Ottawa,
visited (he campus yesterday after
noon. He called on Acting President
Swain and later inspected the chem
istry building.
Estimated forest fire damage last
year was $87,916,850 on lands un
protected.
Dr. Norris Katz, of the Canadian
National Research Council, Ottawa,
visited (he campus yesterday after
noon. He called on Acting President
Swain and later inspected the chem
istry building.
Estimated forest fire damage last
year was $87,916,850 on lands un
protected.
