# CARD-DARTMOUTH ROOTERS' TICKETS AVAILABLE TODAY
## 
### 
TWO hundred rooters' tickets
for the Dartmouth game will
go on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control Building this
morning at 8 o'clock, according
to Jake Irwin, head of the
ticket department. The paste
boards will sell for $1 each.
General admission tickets for
the Dartmouth game may be
purchased in Palo Alto, at
Wideman's and Roos Bros., at
$3.50 each.
TWO hundred rooters' tickets
for the Dartmouth game will
go on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control Building this
morning at 8 o'clock, according
to Jake Irwin, head of the
ticket department. The paste
boards will sell for $1 each.
General admission tickets for
the Dartmouth game may be
purchased in Palo Alto, at
Wideman's and Roos Bros., at
$3.50 each.
TWO hundred rooters' tickets
for the Dartmouth game will
go on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control Building this
morning at 8 o'clock, according
to Jake Irwin, head of the
ticket department. The paste
boards will sell for $1 each.
General admission tickets for
the Dartmouth game may be
purchased in Palo Alto, at
Wideman's and Roos Bros., at
$3.50 each.
TWO hundred rooters' tickets
for the Dartmouth game will
go on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control Building this
morning at 8 o'clock, according
to Jake Irwin, head of the
ticket department. The paste
boards will sell for $1 each.
General admission tickets for
the Dartmouth game may be
purchased in Palo Alto, at
Wideman's and Roos Bros., at
$3.50 each.
TWO hundred rooters' tickets
for the Dartmouth game will
go on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control Building this
morning at 8 o'clock, according
to Jake Irwin, head of the
ticket department. The paste
boards will sell for $1 each.
General admission tickets for
the Dartmouth game may be
purchased in Palo Alto, at
Wideman's and Roos Bros., at
$3.50 each.
TWO hundred rooters' tickets
for the Dartmouth game will
go on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control Building this
morning at 8 o'clock, according
to Jake Irwin, head of the
ticket department. The paste
boards will sell for $1 each.
General admission tickets for
the Dartmouth game may be
purchased in Palo Alto, at
Wideman's and Roos Bros., at
$3.50 each.
TWO hundred rooters' tickets
for the Dartmouth game will
go on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control Building this
morning at 8 o'clock, according
to Jake Irwin, head of the
ticket department. The paste
boards will sell for $1 each.
General admission tickets for
the Dartmouth game may be
purchased in Palo Alto, at
Wideman's and Roos Bros., at
$3.50 each.
TWO hundred rooters' tickets
for the Dartmouth game will
go on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control Building this
morning at 8 o'clock, according
to Jake Irwin, head of the
ticket department. The paste
boards will sell for $1 each.
General admission tickets for
the Dartmouth game may be
purchased in Palo Alto, at
Wideman's and Roos Bros., at
$3.50 each.
TWO hundred rooters' tickets
for the Dartmouth game will
go on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control Building this
morning at 8 o'clock, according
to Jake Irwin, head of the
ticket department. The paste
boards will sell for $1 each.
General admission tickets for
the Dartmouth game may be
purchased in Palo Alto, at
Wideman's and Roos Bros., at
$3.50 each.
TWO hundred rooters' tickets
for the Dartmouth game will
go on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control Building this
morning at 8 o'clock, according
to Jake Irwin, head of the
ticket department. The paste
boards will sell for $1 each.
General admission tickets for
the Dartmouth game may be
purchased in Palo Alto, at
Wideman's and Roos Bros., at
$3.50 each.
TWO hundred rooters' tickets
for the Dartmouth game will
go on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control Building this
morning at 8 o'clock, according
to Jake Irwin, head of the
ticket department. The paste
boards will sell for $1 each.
General admission tickets for
the Dartmouth game may be
purchased in Palo Alto, at
Wideman's and Roos Bros., at
$3.50 each.
TWO hundred rooters' tickets
for the Dartmouth game will
go on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control Building this
morning at 8 o'clock, according
to Jake Irwin, head of the
ticket department. The paste
boards will sell for $1 each.
General admission tickets for
the Dartmouth game may be
purchased in Palo Alto, at
Wideman's and Roos Bros., at
$3.50 each.
TWO hundred rooters' tickets
for the Dartmouth game will
go on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control Building this
morning at 8 o'clock, according
to Jake Irwin, head of the
ticket department. The paste
boards will sell for $1 each.
General admission tickets for
the Dartmouth game may be
purchased in Palo Alto, at
Wideman's and Roos Bros., at
$3.50 each.
TWO hundred rooters' tickets
for the Dartmouth game will
go on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control Building this
morning at 8 o'clock, according
to Jake Irwin, head of the
ticket department. The paste
boards will sell for $1 each.
General admission tickets for
the Dartmouth game may be
purchased in Palo Alto, at
Wideman's and Roos Bros., at
$3.50 each.
TWO hundred rooters' tickets
for the Dartmouth game will
go on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control Building this
morning at 8 o'clock, according
to Jake Irwin, head of the
ticket department. The paste
boards will sell for $1 each.
General admission tickets for
the Dartmouth game may be
purchased in Palo Alto, at
Wideman's and Roos Bros., at
$3.50 each.
TWO hundred rooters' tickets
for the Dartmouth game will
go on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control Building this
morning at 8 o'clock, according
to Jake Irwin, head of the
ticket department. The paste
boards will sell for $1 each.
General admission tickets for
the Dartmouth game may be
purchased in Palo Alto, at
Wideman's and Roos Bros., at
$3.50 each.
TWO hundred rooters' tickets
for the Dartmouth game will
go on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control Building this
morning at 8 o'clock, according
to Jake Irwin, head of the
ticket department. The paste
boards will sell for $1 each.
General admission tickets for
the Dartmouth game may be
purchased in Palo Alto, at
Wideman's and Roos Bros., at
$3.50 each.
