# BRITTEN PROPHESIES PROHIBITION APPEAL
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 (/P).—
Representative Britten, Republican,
Illinois, predicted today that "the
howl of prohibition fanatics for
further waste and corruption in the
enforcement of an impossible law
will receive little favorable consid
eration by the incoming congress."
Britten, long an advocatc of pro
hibition modification, assailed re
commendations by the Methodist-
Episcopal Board of Temperance and
Public Morals that 500 additional
agents be assigned to the prohibition
department.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 (/P).—
Representative Britten, Republican,
Illinois, predicted today that "the
howl of prohibition fanatics for
further waste and corruption in the
enforcement of an impossible law
will receive little favorable consid
eration by the incoming congress."
Britten, long an advocatc of pro
hibition modification, assailed re
commendations by the Methodist-
Episcopal Board of Temperance and
Public Morals that 500 additional
agents be assigned to the prohibition
department.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 (/P).—
Representative Britten, Republican,
Illinois, predicted today that "the
howl of prohibition fanatics for
further waste and corruption in the
enforcement of an impossible law
will receive little favorable consid
eration by the incoming congress."
Britten, long an advocatc of pro
hibition modification, assailed re
commendations by the Methodist-
Episcopal Board of Temperance and
Public Morals that 500 additional
agents be assigned to the prohibition
department.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 (/P).—
Representative Britten, Republican,
Illinois, predicted today that "the
howl of prohibition fanatics for
further waste and corruption in the
enforcement of an impossible law
will receive little favorable consid
eration by the incoming congress."
Britten, long an advocatc of pro
hibition modification, assailed re
commendations by the Methodist-
Episcopal Board of Temperance and
Public Morals that 500 additional
agents be assigned to the prohibition
department.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 (/P).—
Representative Britten, Republican,
Illinois, predicted today that "the
howl of prohibition fanatics for
further waste and corruption in the
enforcement of an impossible law
will receive little favorable consid
eration by the incoming congress."
Britten, long an advocatc of pro
hibition modification, assailed re
commendations by the Methodist-
Episcopal Board of Temperance and
Public Morals that 500 additional
agents be assigned to the prohibition
department.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 (/P).—
Representative Britten, Republican,
Illinois, predicted today that "the
howl of prohibition fanatics for
further waste and corruption in the
enforcement of an impossible law
will receive little favorable consid
eration by the incoming congress."
Britten, long an advocatc of pro
hibition modification, assailed re
commendations by the Methodist-
Episcopal Board of Temperance and
Public Morals that 500 additional
agents be assigned to the prohibition
department.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 (/P).—
Representative Britten, Republican,
Illinois, predicted today that "the
howl of prohibition fanatics for
further waste and corruption in the
enforcement of an impossible law
will receive little favorable consid
eration by the incoming congress."
Britten, long an advocatc of pro
hibition modification, assailed re
commendations by the Methodist-
Episcopal Board of Temperance and
Public Morals that 500 additional
agents be assigned to the prohibition
department.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 (/P).—
Representative Britten, Republican,
Illinois, predicted today that "the
howl of prohibition fanatics for
further waste and corruption in the
enforcement of an impossible law
will receive little favorable consid
eration by the incoming congress."
Britten, long an advocatc of pro
hibition modification, assailed re
commendations by the Methodist-
Episcopal Board of Temperance and
Public Morals that 500 additional
agents be assigned to the prohibition
department.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 (/P).—
Representative Britten, Republican,
Illinois, predicted today that "the
howl of prohibition fanatics for
further waste and corruption in the
enforcement of an impossible law
will receive little favorable consid
eration by the incoming congress."
Britten, long an advocatc of pro
hibition modification, assailed re
commendations by the Methodist-
Episcopal Board of Temperance and
Public Morals that 500 additional
agents be assigned to the prohibition
department.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 (/P).—
Representative Britten, Republican,
Illinois, predicted today that "the
howl of prohibition fanatics for
further waste and corruption in the
enforcement of an impossible law
will receive little favorable consid
eration by the incoming congress."
Britten, long an advocatc of pro
hibition modification, assailed re
commendations by the Methodist-
Episcopal Board of Temperance and
Public Morals that 500 additional
agents be assigned to the prohibition
department.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 (/P).—
Representative Britten, Republican,
Illinois, predicted today that "the
howl of prohibition fanatics for
further waste and corruption in the
enforcement of an impossible law
will receive little favorable consid
eration by the incoming congress."
Britten, long an advocatc of pro
hibition modification, assailed re
commendations by the Methodist-
Episcopal Board of Temperance and
Public Morals that 500 additional
agents be assigned to the prohibition
department.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 (/P).—
Representative Britten, Republican,
Illinois, predicted today that "the
howl of prohibition fanatics for
further waste and corruption in the
enforcement of an impossible law
will receive little favorable consid
eration by the incoming congress."
Britten, long an advocatc of pro
hibition modification, assailed re
commendations by the Methodist-
Episcopal Board of Temperance and
Public Morals that 500 additional
agents be assigned to the prohibition
department.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 (/P).—
Representative Britten, Republican,
Illinois, predicted today that "the
howl of prohibition fanatics for
further waste and corruption in the
enforcement of an impossible law
will receive little favorable consid
eration by the incoming congress."
Britten, long an advocatc of pro
hibition modification, assailed re
commendations by the Methodist-
Episcopal Board of Temperance and
Public Morals that 500 additional
agents be assigned to the prohibition
department.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 (/P).—
Representative Britten, Republican,
Illinois, predicted today that "the
howl of prohibition fanatics for
further waste and corruption in the
enforcement of an impossible law
will receive little favorable consid
eration by the incoming congress."
Britten, long an advocatc of pro
hibition modification, assailed re
commendations by the Methodist-
Episcopal Board of Temperance and
Public Morals that 500 additional
agents be assigned to the prohibition
department.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 (/P).—
Representative Britten, Republican,
Illinois, predicted today that "the
howl of prohibition fanatics for
further waste and corruption in the
enforcement of an impossible law
will receive little favorable consid
eration by the incoming congress."
Britten, long an advocatc of pro
hibition modification, assailed re
commendations by the Methodist-
Episcopal Board of Temperance and
Public Morals that 500 additional
agents be assigned to the prohibition
department.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 (/P).—
Representative Britten, Republican,
Illinois, predicted today that "the
howl of prohibition fanatics for
further waste and corruption in the
enforcement of an impossible law
will receive little favorable consid
eration by the incoming congress."
Britten, long an advocatc of pro
hibition modification, assailed re
commendations by the Methodist-
Episcopal Board of Temperance and
Public Morals that 500 additional
agents be assigned to the prohibition
department.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 (/P).—
Representative Britten, Republican,
Illinois, predicted today that "the
howl of prohibition fanatics for
further waste and corruption in the
enforcement of an impossible law
will receive little favorable consid
eration by the incoming congress."
Britten, long an advocatc of pro
hibition modification, assailed re
commendations by the Methodist-
Episcopal Board of Temperance and
Public Morals that 500 additional
agents be assigned to the prohibition
department.
