# HEAVY EARTHQUAKE RECORDED IN EAST
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10 (/P).—A
very severe earthquake lasting three
and one-half hours Sunday after
noon, was shown on Georgetown
University seismological observa
tory records when they were taken
today from the instrument. It was
estimated to have been centered
about 7.000 mile:; from Washington,
but the direction was undetermined.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10 (/P).—A
very severe earthquake lasting three
and one-half hours Sunday after
noon, was shown on Georgetown
University seismological observa
tory records when they were taken
today from the instrument. It was
estimated to have been centered
about 7.000 mile:; from Washington,
but the direction was undetermined.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10 (/P).—A
very severe earthquake lasting three
and one-half hours Sunday after
noon, was shown on Georgetown
University seismological observa
tory records when they were taken
today from the instrument. It was
estimated to have been centered
about 7.000 mile:; from Washington,
but the direction was undetermined.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10 (/P).—A
very severe earthquake lasting three
and one-half hours Sunday after
noon, was shown on Georgetown
University seismological observa
tory records when they were taken
today from the instrument. It was
estimated to have been centered
about 7.000 mile:; from Washington,
but the direction was undetermined.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10 (/P).—A
very severe earthquake lasting three
and one-half hours Sunday after
noon, was shown on Georgetown
University seismological observa
tory records when they were taken
today from the instrument. It was
estimated to have been centered
about 7.000 mile:; from Washington,
but the direction was undetermined.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10 (/P).—A
very severe earthquake lasting three
and one-half hours Sunday after
noon, was shown on Georgetown
University seismological observa
tory records when they were taken
today from the instrument. It was
estimated to have been centered
about 7.000 mile:; from Washington,
but the direction was undetermined.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10 (/P).—A
very severe earthquake lasting three
and one-half hours Sunday after
noon, was shown on Georgetown
University seismological observa
tory records when they were taken
today from the instrument. It was
estimated to have been centered
about 7.000 mile:; from Washington,
but the direction was undetermined.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10 (/P).—A
very severe earthquake lasting three
and one-half hours Sunday after
noon, was shown on Georgetown
University seismological observa
tory records when they were taken
today from the instrument. It was
estimated to have been centered
about 7.000 mile:; from Washington,
but the direction was undetermined.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10 (/P).—A
very severe earthquake lasting three
and one-half hours Sunday after
noon, was shown on Georgetown
University seismological observa
tory records when they were taken
today from the instrument. It was
estimated to have been centered
about 7.000 mile:; from Washington,
but the direction was undetermined.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10 (/P).—A
very severe earthquake lasting three
and one-half hours Sunday after
noon, was shown on Georgetown
University seismological observa
tory records when they were taken
today from the instrument. It was
estimated to have been centered
about 7.000 mile:; from Washington,
but the direction was undetermined.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10 (/P).—A
very severe earthquake lasting three
and one-half hours Sunday after
noon, was shown on Georgetown
University seismological observa
tory records when they were taken
today from the instrument. It was
estimated to have been centered
about 7.000 mile:; from Washington,
but the direction was undetermined.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10 (/P).—A
very severe earthquake lasting three
and one-half hours Sunday after
noon, was shown on Georgetown
University seismological observa
tory records when they were taken
today from the instrument. It was
estimated to have been centered
about 7.000 mile:; from Washington,
but the direction was undetermined.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10 (/P).—A
very severe earthquake lasting three
and one-half hours Sunday after
noon, was shown on Georgetown
University seismological observa
tory records when they were taken
today from the instrument. It was
estimated to have been centered
about 7.000 mile:; from Washington,
but the direction was undetermined.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10 (/P).—A
very severe earthquake lasting three
and one-half hours Sunday after
noon, was shown on Georgetown
University seismological observa
tory records when they were taken
today from the instrument. It was
estimated to have been centered
about 7.000 mile:; from Washington,
but the direction was undetermined.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10 (/P).—A
very severe earthquake lasting three
and one-half hours Sunday after
noon, was shown on Georgetown
University seismological observa
tory records when they were taken
today from the instrument. It was
estimated to have been centered
about 7.000 mile:; from Washington,
but the direction was undetermined.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10 (/P).—A
very severe earthquake lasting three
and one-half hours Sunday after
noon, was shown on Georgetown
University seismological observa
tory records when they were taken
today from the instrument. It was
estimated to have been centered
about 7.000 mile:; from Washington,
but the direction was undetermined.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10 (/P).—A
very severe earthquake lasting three
and one-half hours Sunday after
noon, was shown on Georgetown
University seismological observa
tory records when they were taken
today from the instrument. It was
estimated to have been centered
about 7.000 mile:; from Washington,
but the direction was undetermined.
