# CHIEF DEAD
## 
### 
General Tasker 11. Bliss, chief
of staff of the Army during the
war, and a member of the Wil
son peace commission, who died
Sunday and will he buried at
Arlington tomorrow.
General Tasker 11. Bliss, chief
of staff of the Army during the
war, and a member of the Wil
son peace commission, who died
Sunday and will he buried at
Arlington tomorrow.
General Tasker 11. Bliss, chief
of staff of the Army during the
war, and a member of the Wil
son peace commission, who died
Sunday and will he buried at
Arlington tomorrow.
General Tasker 11. Bliss, chief
of staff of the Army during the
war, and a member of the Wil
son peace commission, who died
Sunday and will he buried at
Arlington tomorrow.
General Tasker 11. Bliss, chief
of staff of the Army during the
war, and a member of the Wil
son peace commission, who died
Sunday and will he buried at
Arlington tomorrow.
General Tasker 11. Bliss, chief
of staff of the Army during the
war, and a member of the Wil
son peace commission, who died
Sunday and will he buried at
Arlington tomorrow.
General Tasker 11. Bliss, chief
of staff of the Army during the
war, and a member of the Wil
son peace commission, who died
Sunday and will he buried at
Arlington tomorrow.
General Tasker 11. Bliss, chief
of staff of the Army during the
war, and a member of the Wil
son peace commission, who died
Sunday and will he buried at
Arlington tomorrow.
General Tasker 11. Bliss, chief
of staff of the Army during the
war, and a member of the Wil
son peace commission, who died
Sunday and will he buried at
Arlington tomorrow.
General Tasker 11. Bliss, chief
of staff of the Army during the
war, and a member of the Wil
son peace commission, who died
Sunday and will he buried at
Arlington tomorrow.
General Tasker 11. Bliss, chief
of staff of the Army during the
war, and a member of the Wil
son peace commission, who died
Sunday and will he buried at
Arlington tomorrow.
General Tasker 11. Bliss, chief
of staff of the Army during the
war, and a member of the Wil
son peace commission, who died
Sunday and will he buried at
Arlington tomorrow.
General Tasker 11. Bliss, chief
of staff of the Army during the
war, and a member of the Wil
son peace commission, who died
Sunday and will he buried at
Arlington tomorrow.
General Tasker 11. Bliss, chief
of staff of the Army during the
war, and a member of the Wil
son peace commission, who died
Sunday and will he buried at
Arlington tomorrow.
General Tasker 11. Bliss, chief
of staff of the Army during the
war, and a member of the Wil
son peace commission, who died
Sunday and will he buried at
Arlington tomorrow.
General Tasker 11. Bliss, chief
of staff of the Army during the
war, and a member of the Wil
son peace commission, who died
Sunday and will he buried at
Arlington tomorrow.
General Tasker 11. Bliss, chief
of staff of the Army during the
war, and a member of the Wil
son peace commission, who died
Sunday and will he buried at
Arlington tomorrow.
