# House Will Uphold Ike's Farm Veto
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. April IT <UPi
Republican Congressional lead
ers assured President Eisenhower
today that the House will uphold
his farm bill veto in a showdown
vote.
Leaders also predicted Congr ess
will approve the President's ur
gent request for a straight soil
bank bill if Democratic leaders lot
i such a measure come to the floor.
WASHINGTON. April IT <UPi
Republican Congressional lead
ers assured President Eisenhower
today that the House will uphold
his farm bill veto in a showdown
vote.
Leaders also predicted Congr ess
will approve the President's ur
gent request for a straight soil
bank bill if Democratic leaders lot
i such a measure come to the floor.
WASHINGTON. April IT <UPi
Republican Congressional lead
ers assured President Eisenhower
today that the House will uphold
his farm bill veto in a showdown
vote.
Leaders also predicted Congr ess
will approve the President's ur
gent request for a straight soil
bank bill if Democratic leaders lot
i such a measure come to the floor.
WASHINGTON. April IT <UPi
Republican Congressional lead
ers assured President Eisenhower
today that the House will uphold
his farm bill veto in a showdown
vote.
Leaders also predicted Congr ess
will approve the President's ur
gent request for a straight soil
bank bill if Democratic leaders lot
i such a measure come to the floor.
WASHINGTON. April IT <UPi
Republican Congressional lead
ers assured President Eisenhower
today that the House will uphold
his farm bill veto in a showdown
vote.
Leaders also predicted Congr ess
will approve the President's ur
gent request for a straight soil
bank bill if Democratic leaders lot
i such a measure come to the floor.
WASHINGTON. April IT <UPi
Republican Congressional lead
ers assured President Eisenhower
today that the House will uphold
his farm bill veto in a showdown
vote.
Leaders also predicted Congr ess
will approve the President's ur
gent request for a straight soil
bank bill if Democratic leaders lot
i such a measure come to the floor.
WASHINGTON. April IT <UPi
Republican Congressional lead
ers assured President Eisenhower
today that the House will uphold
his farm bill veto in a showdown
vote.
Leaders also predicted Congr ess
will approve the President's ur
gent request for a straight soil
bank bill if Democratic leaders lot
i such a measure come to the floor.
WASHINGTON. April IT <UPi
Republican Congressional lead
ers assured President Eisenhower
today that the House will uphold
his farm bill veto in a showdown
vote.
Leaders also predicted Congr ess
will approve the President's ur
gent request for a straight soil
bank bill if Democratic leaders lot
i such a measure come to the floor.
WASHINGTON. April IT <UPi
Republican Congressional lead
ers assured President Eisenhower
today that the House will uphold
his farm bill veto in a showdown
vote.
Leaders also predicted Congr ess
will approve the President's ur
gent request for a straight soil
bank bill if Democratic leaders lot
i such a measure come to the floor.
WASHINGTON. April IT <UPi
Republican Congressional lead
ers assured President Eisenhower
today that the House will uphold
his farm bill veto in a showdown
vote.
Leaders also predicted Congr ess
will approve the President's ur
gent request for a straight soil
bank bill if Democratic leaders lot
i such a measure come to the floor.
WASHINGTON. April IT <UPi
Republican Congressional lead
ers assured President Eisenhower
today that the House will uphold
his farm bill veto in a showdown
vote.
Leaders also predicted Congr ess
will approve the President's ur
gent request for a straight soil
bank bill if Democratic leaders lot
i such a measure come to the floor.
WASHINGTON. April IT <UPi
Republican Congressional lead
ers assured President Eisenhower
today that the House will uphold
his farm bill veto in a showdown
vote.
Leaders also predicted Congr ess
will approve the President's ur
gent request for a straight soil
bank bill if Democratic leaders lot
i such a measure come to the floor.
WASHINGTON. April IT <UPi
Republican Congressional lead
ers assured President Eisenhower
today that the House will uphold
his farm bill veto in a showdown
vote.
Leaders also predicted Congr ess
will approve the President's ur
gent request for a straight soil
bank bill if Democratic leaders lot
i such a measure come to the floor.
WASHINGTON. April IT <UPi
Republican Congressional lead
ers assured President Eisenhower
today that the House will uphold
his farm bill veto in a showdown
vote.
Leaders also predicted Congr ess
will approve the President's ur
gent request for a straight soil
bank bill if Democratic leaders lot
i such a measure come to the floor.
WASHINGTON. April IT <UPi
Republican Congressional lead
ers assured President Eisenhower
today that the House will uphold
his farm bill veto in a showdown
vote.
Leaders also predicted Congr ess
will approve the President's ur
gent request for a straight soil
bank bill if Democratic leaders lot
i such a measure come to the floor.
