# Nominations For ASSU and Class Posts Still Open
## 
### 
Eight candidates filed for nomi
nation for ASSU and class offices
by 4 p.m. yesterday.
Bob Freelen is the only candi
date for ASSU president. Jane
Dooge and Carol Jacobs are Wom
en's Council nominees and Bruce
Hinchliffe is running for Men's
Council.
There are four nominees for
class offices-—Fred Fortine, sen
ior class president; Julie Olson,
senior vice-president; Michael
Hallo, junior business manager;
and Valeries Boyson, sophomore
business manager.
Election board chairman Chuck
Faulkner said: "There are four
positions available on Men's Coun
cil awl so far nobody has filed for
nomination for these positions.
Also I expected a much larger
turnout for class offices by this
time."
Faulkner announced that there
would be a meeting of all ASSU
and class candidates in Room 2(5K
Friday at 4:30 p.m. All petitions
must be filed by Friday noon.
Eight candidates filed for nomi
nation for ASSU and class offices
by 4 p.m. yesterday.
Bob Freelen is the only candi
date for ASSU president. Jane
Dooge and Carol Jacobs are Wom
en's Council nominees and Bruce
Hinchliffe is running for Men's
Council.
There are four nominees for
class offices-—Fred Fortine, sen
ior class president; Julie Olson,
senior vice-president; Michael
Hallo, junior business manager;
and Valeries Boyson, sophomore
business manager.
Election board chairman Chuck
Faulkner said: "There are four
positions available on Men's Coun
cil awl so far nobody has filed for
nomination for these positions.
Also I expected a much larger
turnout for class offices by this
time."
Faulkner announced that there
would be a meeting of all ASSU
and class candidates in Room 2(5K
Friday at 4:30 p.m. All petitions
must be filed by Friday noon.
Eight candidates filed for nomi
nation for ASSU and class offices
by 4 p.m. yesterday.
Bob Freelen is the only candi
date for ASSU president. Jane
Dooge and Carol Jacobs are Wom
en's Council nominees and Bruce
Hinchliffe is running for Men's
Council.
There are four nominees for
class offices-—Fred Fortine, sen
ior class president; Julie Olson,
senior vice-president; Michael
Hallo, junior business manager;
and Valeries Boyson, sophomore
business manager.
Election board chairman Chuck
Faulkner said: "There are four
positions available on Men's Coun
cil awl so far nobody has filed for
nomination for these positions.
Also I expected a much larger
turnout for class offices by this
time."
Faulkner announced that there
would be a meeting of all ASSU
and class candidates in Room 2(5K
Friday at 4:30 p.m. All petitions
must be filed by Friday noon.
Eight candidates filed for nomi
nation for ASSU and class offices
by 4 p.m. yesterday.
Bob Freelen is the only candi
date for ASSU president. Jane
Dooge and Carol Jacobs are Wom
en's Council nominees and Bruce
Hinchliffe is running for Men's
Council.
There are four nominees for
class offices-—Fred Fortine, sen
ior class president; Julie Olson,
senior vice-president; Michael
Hallo, junior business manager;
and Valeries Boyson, sophomore
business manager.
Election board chairman Chuck
Faulkner said: "There are four
positions available on Men's Coun
cil awl so far nobody has filed for
nomination for these positions.
Also I expected a much larger
turnout for class offices by this
time."
Faulkner announced that there
would be a meeting of all ASSU
and class candidates in Room 2(5K
Friday at 4:30 p.m. All petitions
must be filed by Friday noon.
Eight candidates filed for nomi
nation for ASSU and class offices
by 4 p.m. yesterday.
Bob Freelen is the only candi
date for ASSU president. Jane
Dooge and Carol Jacobs are Wom
en's Council nominees and Bruce
Hinchliffe is running for Men's
Council.
There are four nominees for
class offices-—Fred Fortine, sen
ior class president; Julie Olson,
senior vice-president; Michael
Hallo, junior business manager;
and Valeries Boyson, sophomore
business manager.
Election board chairman Chuck
Faulkner said: "There are four
positions available on Men's Coun
cil awl so far nobody has filed for
nomination for these positions.
Also I expected a much larger
turnout for class offices by this
time."
Faulkner announced that there
would be a meeting of all ASSU
and class candidates in Room 2(5K
Friday at 4:30 p.m. All petitions
must be filed by Friday noon.
Eight candidates filed for nomi
nation for ASSU and class offices
by 4 p.m. yesterday.
Bob Freelen is the only candi
date for ASSU president. Jane
Dooge and Carol Jacobs are Wom
en's Council nominees and Bruce
Hinchliffe is running for Men's
Council.
There are four nominees for
class offices-—Fred Fortine, sen
ior class president; Julie Olson,
senior vice-president; Michael
Hallo, junior business manager;
and Valeries Boyson, sophomore
business manager.
Election board chairman Chuck
Faulkner said: "There are four
positions available on Men's Coun
cil awl so far nobody has filed for
nomination for these positions.
Also I expected a much larger
turnout for class offices by this
time."
Faulkner announced that there
would be a meeting of all ASSU
and class candidates in Room 2(5K
Friday at 4:30 p.m. All petitions
must be filed by Friday noon.
Eight candidates filed for nomi
nation for ASSU and class offices
by 4 p.m. yesterday.
Bob Freelen is the only candi
date for ASSU president. Jane
Dooge and Carol Jacobs are Wom
en's Council nominees and Bruce
Hinchliffe is running for Men's
Council.
There are four nominees for
class offices-—Fred Fortine, sen
ior class president; Julie Olson,
senior vice-president; Michael
Hallo, junior business manager;
and Valeries Boyson, sophomore
business manager.
Election board chairman Chuck
Faulkner said: "There are four
positions available on Men's Coun
cil awl so far nobody has filed for
nomination for these positions.
Also I expected a much larger
turnout for class offices by this
time."
Faulkner announced that there
would be a meeting of all ASSU
and class candidates in Room 2(5K
Friday at 4:30 p.m. All petitions
must be filed by Friday noon.
Eight candidates filed for nomi
nation for ASSU and class offices
by 4 p.m. yesterday.
Bob Freelen is the only candi
date for ASSU president. Jane
Dooge and Carol Jacobs are Wom
en's Council nominees and Bruce
Hinchliffe is running for Men's
Council.
There are four nominees for
class offices-—Fred Fortine, sen
ior class president; Julie Olson,
senior vice-president; Michael
Hallo, junior business manager;
and Valeries Boyson, sophomore
business manager.
Election board chairman Chuck
Faulkner said: "There are four
positions available on Men's Coun
cil awl so far nobody has filed for
nomination for these positions.
Also I expected a much larger
turnout for class offices by this
time."
Faulkner announced that there
would be a meeting of all ASSU
and class candidates in Room 2(5K
Friday at 4:30 p.m. All petitions
must be filed by Friday noon.
Eight candidates filed for nomi
nation for ASSU and class offices
by 4 p.m. yesterday.
Bob Freelen is the only candi
date for ASSU president. Jane
Dooge and Carol Jacobs are Wom
en's Council nominees and Bruce
Hinchliffe is running for Men's
Council.
There are four nominees for
class offices-—Fred Fortine, sen
ior class president; Julie Olson,
senior vice-president; Michael
Hallo, junior business manager;
and Valeries Boyson, sophomore
business manager.
Election board chairman Chuck
Faulkner said: "There are four
positions available on Men's Coun
cil awl so far nobody has filed for
nomination for these positions.
Also I expected a much larger
turnout for class offices by this
time."
Faulkner announced that there
would be a meeting of all ASSU
and class candidates in Room 2(5K
Friday at 4:30 p.m. All petitions
must be filed by Friday noon.
Eight candidates filed for nomi
nation for ASSU and class offices
by 4 p.m. yesterday.
Bob Freelen is the only candi
date for ASSU president. Jane
Dooge and Carol Jacobs are Wom
en's Council nominees and Bruce
Hinchliffe is running for Men's
Council.
There are four nominees for
class offices-—Fred Fortine, sen
ior class president; Julie Olson,
senior vice-president; Michael
Hallo, junior business manager;
and Valeries Boyson, sophomore
business manager.
Election board chairman Chuck
Faulkner said: "There are four
positions available on Men's Coun
cil awl so far nobody has filed for
nomination for these positions.
Also I expected a much larger
turnout for class offices by this
time."
Faulkner announced that there
would be a meeting of all ASSU
and class candidates in Room 2(5K
Friday at 4:30 p.m. All petitions
must be filed by Friday noon.
Eight candidates filed for nomi
nation for ASSU and class offices
by 4 p.m. yesterday.
Bob Freelen is the only candi
date for ASSU president. Jane
Dooge and Carol Jacobs are Wom
en's Council nominees and Bruce
Hinchliffe is running for Men's
Council.
There are four nominees for
class offices-—Fred Fortine, sen
ior class president; Julie Olson,
senior vice-president; Michael
Hallo, junior business manager;
and Valeries Boyson, sophomore
business manager.
Election board chairman Chuck
Faulkner said: "There are four
positions available on Men's Coun
cil awl so far nobody has filed for
nomination for these positions.
Also I expected a much larger
turnout for class offices by this
time."
Faulkner announced that there
would be a meeting of all ASSU
and class candidates in Room 2(5K
Friday at 4:30 p.m. All petitions
must be filed by Friday noon.
Eight candidates filed for nomi
nation for ASSU and class offices
by 4 p.m. yesterday.
Bob Freelen is the only candi
date for ASSU president. Jane
Dooge and Carol Jacobs are Wom
en's Council nominees and Bruce
Hinchliffe is running for Men's
Council.
There are four nominees for
class offices-—Fred Fortine, sen
ior class president; Julie Olson,
senior vice-president; Michael
Hallo, junior business manager;
and Valeries Boyson, sophomore
business manager.
Election board chairman Chuck
Faulkner said: "There are four
positions available on Men's Coun
cil awl so far nobody has filed for
nomination for these positions.
Also I expected a much larger
turnout for class offices by this
time."
Faulkner announced that there
would be a meeting of all ASSU
and class candidates in Room 2(5K
Friday at 4:30 p.m. All petitions
must be filed by Friday noon.
Eight candidates filed for nomi
nation for ASSU and class offices
by 4 p.m. yesterday.
Bob Freelen is the only candi
date for ASSU president. Jane
Dooge and Carol Jacobs are Wom
en's Council nominees and Bruce
Hinchliffe is running for Men's
Council.
There are four nominees for
class offices-—Fred Fortine, sen
ior class president; Julie Olson,
senior vice-president; Michael
Hallo, junior business manager;
and Valeries Boyson, sophomore
business manager.
Election board chairman Chuck
Faulkner said: "There are four
positions available on Men's Coun
cil awl so far nobody has filed for
nomination for these positions.
Also I expected a much larger
turnout for class offices by this
time."
Faulkner announced that there
would be a meeting of all ASSU
and class candidates in Room 2(5K
Friday at 4:30 p.m. All petitions
must be filed by Friday noon.
Eight candidates filed for nomi
nation for ASSU and class offices
by 4 p.m. yesterday.
Bob Freelen is the only candi
date for ASSU president. Jane
Dooge and Carol Jacobs are Wom
en's Council nominees and Bruce
Hinchliffe is running for Men's
Council.
There are four nominees for
class offices-—Fred Fortine, sen
ior class president; Julie Olson,
senior vice-president; Michael
Hallo, junior business manager;
and Valeries Boyson, sophomore
business manager.
Election board chairman Chuck
Faulkner said: "There are four
positions available on Men's Coun
cil awl so far nobody has filed for
nomination for these positions.
Also I expected a much larger
turnout for class offices by this
time."
Faulkner announced that there
would be a meeting of all ASSU
and class candidates in Room 2(5K
Friday at 4:30 p.m. All petitions
must be filed by Friday noon.
Eight candidates filed for nomi
nation for ASSU and class offices
by 4 p.m. yesterday.
Bob Freelen is the only candi
date for ASSU president. Jane
Dooge and Carol Jacobs are Wom
en's Council nominees and Bruce
Hinchliffe is running for Men's
Council.
There are four nominees for
class offices-—Fred Fortine, sen
ior class president; Julie Olson,
senior vice-president; Michael
Hallo, junior business manager;
and Valeries Boyson, sophomore
business manager.
Election board chairman Chuck
Faulkner said: "There are four
positions available on Men's Coun
cil awl so far nobody has filed for
nomination for these positions.
Also I expected a much larger
turnout for class offices by this
time."
Faulkner announced that there
would be a meeting of all ASSU
and class candidates in Room 2(5K
Friday at 4:30 p.m. All petitions
must be filed by Friday noon.
