# "TEMPORARY"
## 
### 
After the earthquake a "tempo
rary" wooden roof was built to
cover Memorial Church, and in
1913 a "temporary" clock tower
was built—the same "temporary"
roof and tower are still in use.
After the earthquake a "tempo
rary" wooden roof was built to
cover Memorial Church, and in
1913 a "temporary" clock tower
was built—the same "temporary"
roof and tower are still in use.
After the earthquake a "tempo
rary" wooden roof was built to
cover Memorial Church, and in
1913 a "temporary" clock tower
was built—the same "temporary"
roof and tower are still in use.
After the earthquake a "tempo
rary" wooden roof was built to
cover Memorial Church, and in
1913 a "temporary" clock tower
was built—the same "temporary"
roof and tower are still in use.
After the earthquake a "tempo
rary" wooden roof was built to
cover Memorial Church, and in
1913 a "temporary" clock tower
was built—the same "temporary"
roof and tower are still in use.
After the earthquake a "tempo
rary" wooden roof was built to
cover Memorial Church, and in
1913 a "temporary" clock tower
was built—the same "temporary"
roof and tower are still in use.
After the earthquake a "tempo
rary" wooden roof was built to
cover Memorial Church, and in
1913 a "temporary" clock tower
was built—the same "temporary"
roof and tower are still in use.
After the earthquake a "tempo
rary" wooden roof was built to
cover Memorial Church, and in
1913 a "temporary" clock tower
was built—the same "temporary"
roof and tower are still in use.
After the earthquake a "tempo
rary" wooden roof was built to
cover Memorial Church, and in
1913 a "temporary" clock tower
was built—the same "temporary"
roof and tower are still in use.
After the earthquake a "tempo
rary" wooden roof was built to
cover Memorial Church, and in
1913 a "temporary" clock tower
was built—the same "temporary"
roof and tower are still in use.
After the earthquake a "tempo
rary" wooden roof was built to
cover Memorial Church, and in
1913 a "temporary" clock tower
was built—the same "temporary"
roof and tower are still in use.
After the earthquake a "tempo
rary" wooden roof was built to
cover Memorial Church, and in
1913 a "temporary" clock tower
was built—the same "temporary"
roof and tower are still in use.
After the earthquake a "tempo
rary" wooden roof was built to
cover Memorial Church, and in
1913 a "temporary" clock tower
was built—the same "temporary"
roof and tower are still in use.
After the earthquake a "tempo
rary" wooden roof was built to
cover Memorial Church, and in
1913 a "temporary" clock tower
was built—the same "temporary"
roof and tower are still in use.
After the earthquake a "tempo
rary" wooden roof was built to
cover Memorial Church, and in
1913 a "temporary" clock tower
was built—the same "temporary"
roof and tower are still in use.
