# Air Society Holds Meeting Tonight
## 
### 
A joint meeting of the Arnold
Air Society and the Peter Duncan
McArthur Society will he held to
night at 8 at the Moffett Field
Officers' Club.
Captain Bruce Jones, right
wingman of the Air Force jet ac
robatics team, will speak on jet
tactics.
A joint meeting of the Arnold
Air Society and the Peter Duncan
McArthur Society will he held to
night at 8 at the Moffett Field
Officers' Club.
Captain Bruce Jones, right
wingman of the Air Force jet ac
robatics team, will speak on jet
tactics.
A joint meeting of the Arnold
Air Society and the Peter Duncan
McArthur Society will he held to
night at 8 at the Moffett Field
Officers' Club.
Captain Bruce Jones, right
wingman of the Air Force jet ac
robatics team, will speak on jet
tactics.
A joint meeting of the Arnold
Air Society and the Peter Duncan
McArthur Society will he held to
night at 8 at the Moffett Field
Officers' Club.
Captain Bruce Jones, right
wingman of the Air Force jet ac
robatics team, will speak on jet
tactics.
A joint meeting of the Arnold
Air Society and the Peter Duncan
McArthur Society will he held to
night at 8 at the Moffett Field
Officers' Club.
Captain Bruce Jones, right
wingman of the Air Force jet ac
robatics team, will speak on jet
tactics.
A joint meeting of the Arnold
Air Society and the Peter Duncan
McArthur Society will he held to
night at 8 at the Moffett Field
Officers' Club.
Captain Bruce Jones, right
wingman of the Air Force jet ac
robatics team, will speak on jet
tactics.
A joint meeting of the Arnold
Air Society and the Peter Duncan
McArthur Society will he held to
night at 8 at the Moffett Field
Officers' Club.
Captain Bruce Jones, right
wingman of the Air Force jet ac
robatics team, will speak on jet
tactics.
A joint meeting of the Arnold
Air Society and the Peter Duncan
McArthur Society will he held to
night at 8 at the Moffett Field
Officers' Club.
Captain Bruce Jones, right
wingman of the Air Force jet ac
robatics team, will speak on jet
tactics.
A joint meeting of the Arnold
Air Society and the Peter Duncan
McArthur Society will he held to
night at 8 at the Moffett Field
Officers' Club.
Captain Bruce Jones, right
wingman of the Air Force jet ac
robatics team, will speak on jet
tactics.
A joint meeting of the Arnold
Air Society and the Peter Duncan
McArthur Society will he held to
night at 8 at the Moffett Field
Officers' Club.
Captain Bruce Jones, right
wingman of the Air Force jet ac
robatics team, will speak on jet
tactics.
A joint meeting of the Arnold
Air Society and the Peter Duncan
McArthur Society will he held to
night at 8 at the Moffett Field
Officers' Club.
Captain Bruce Jones, right
wingman of the Air Force jet ac
robatics team, will speak on jet
tactics.
A joint meeting of the Arnold
Air Society and the Peter Duncan
McArthur Society will he held to
night at 8 at the Moffett Field
Officers' Club.
Captain Bruce Jones, right
wingman of the Air Force jet ac
robatics team, will speak on jet
tactics.
A joint meeting of the Arnold
Air Society and the Peter Duncan
McArthur Society will he held to
night at 8 at the Moffett Field
Officers' Club.
Captain Bruce Jones, right
wingman of the Air Force jet ac
robatics team, will speak on jet
tactics.
A joint meeting of the Arnold
Air Society and the Peter Duncan
McArthur Society will he held to
night at 8 at the Moffett Field
Officers' Club.
Captain Bruce Jones, right
wingman of the Air Force jet ac
robatics team, will speak on jet
tactics.
A joint meeting of the Arnold
Air Society and the Peter Duncan
McArthur Society will he held to
night at 8 at the Moffett Field
Officers' Club.
Captain Bruce Jones, right
wingman of the Air Force jet ac
robatics team, will speak on jet
tactics.
A joint meeting of the Arnold
Air Society and the Peter Duncan
McArthur Society will he held to
night at 8 at the Moffett Field
Officers' Club.
Captain Bruce Jones, right
wingman of the Air Force jet ac
robatics team, will speak on jet
tactics.
