# Impeachment Asked for Six U.S. Justices
## 
### 
ATLANTA. Ga , Feb. 13 (UP)
Governor "Marvin Griffin's lieu
tenants presented a resolution to
the Legislature today asking im
i" ichment <>t six US. Supreme
Court Justices on the grounds
they were guilty of "high crimes
and misdemeanors."
The resolution, due for formal
introduction tomorrow, accused
Justices William O Douglas and
Hugo of accepting "awards
of money and things of value"
from Communist front organiza
tions while members of the high
ft singled out Justice Felix
Fi ank fui tei a < membei ol the
legal committee of the National
Association for the Advancement
of Colored People," saying he had
helped the NA A CP in "its obiec
tive-j as a Communist front or
ganization "
Justices Black. Douglas and
.Stanley Reed had participated in
a 1943 ruling in which a "proven
and avowed ardent Communist"
was hold not deportable, the reso
Intinn stated. Chief Justice Fail
Warren and Justice Tom ('lark
were thr* others whose impeach
mont was sought
Although the high court's anti
segregation rulings were not eit
ed by the resolution, the move
was obviously a retaliatory one
by the Deep South legislators.
The measure was dropped into
the House hopper by Speaker
Marvin Moate and Representative
W. Colbert Hawkins, the floor
leader of Governor Griffin's seg
regation-dedicated administration.
ATLANTA. Ga , Feb. 13 (UP)
Governor "Marvin Griffin's lieu
tenants presented a resolution to
the Legislature today asking im
i" ichment <>t six US. Supreme
Court Justices on the grounds
they were guilty of "high crimes
and misdemeanors."
The resolution, due for formal
introduction tomorrow, accused
Justices William O Douglas and
Hugo of accepting "awards
of money and things of value"
from Communist front organiza
tions while members of the high
ft singled out Justice Felix
Fi ank fui tei a < membei ol the
legal committee of the National
Association for the Advancement
of Colored People," saying he had
helped the NA A CP in "its obiec
tive-j as a Communist front or
ganization "
Justices Black. Douglas and
.Stanley Reed had participated in
a 1943 ruling in which a "proven
and avowed ardent Communist"
was hold not deportable, the reso
Intinn stated. Chief Justice Fail
Warren and Justice Tom ('lark
were thr* others whose impeach
mont was sought
Although the high court's anti
segregation rulings were not eit
ed by the resolution, the move
was obviously a retaliatory one
by the Deep South legislators.
The measure was dropped into
the House hopper by Speaker
Marvin Moate and Representative
W. Colbert Hawkins, the floor
leader of Governor Griffin's seg
regation-dedicated administration.
ATLANTA. Ga , Feb. 13 (UP)
Governor "Marvin Griffin's lieu
tenants presented a resolution to
the Legislature today asking im
i" ichment <>t six US. Supreme
Court Justices on the grounds
they were guilty of "high crimes
and misdemeanors."
The resolution, due for formal
introduction tomorrow, accused
Justices William O Douglas and
Hugo of accepting "awards
of money and things of value"
from Communist front organiza
tions while members of the high
ft singled out Justice Felix
Fi ank fui tei a < membei ol the
legal committee of the National
Association for the Advancement
of Colored People," saying he had
helped the NA A CP in "its obiec
tive-j as a Communist front or
ganization "
Justices Black. Douglas and
.Stanley Reed had participated in
a 1943 ruling in which a "proven
and avowed ardent Communist"
was hold not deportable, the reso
Intinn stated. Chief Justice Fail
Warren and Justice Tom ('lark
were thr* others whose impeach
mont was sought
Although the high court's anti
segregation rulings were not eit
ed by the resolution, the move
was obviously a retaliatory one
by the Deep South legislators.
The measure was dropped into
the House hopper by Speaker
Marvin Moate and Representative
W. Colbert Hawkins, the floor
leader of Governor Griffin's seg
regation-dedicated administration.
ATLANTA. Ga , Feb. 13 (UP)
Governor "Marvin Griffin's lieu
tenants presented a resolution to
the Legislature today asking im
i" ichment <>t six US. Supreme
Court Justices on the grounds
they were guilty of "high crimes
and misdemeanors."
The resolution, due for formal
introduction tomorrow, accused
Justices William O Douglas and
Hugo of accepting "awards
of money and things of value"
from Communist front organiza
tions while members of the high
ft singled out Justice Felix
Fi ank fui tei a < membei ol the
legal committee of the National
Association for the Advancement
of Colored People," saying he had
helped the NA A CP in "its obiec
tive-j as a Communist front or
ganization "
Justices Black. Douglas and
.Stanley Reed had participated in
a 1943 ruling in which a "proven
and avowed ardent Communist"
was hold not deportable, the reso
Intinn stated. Chief Justice Fail
Warren and Justice Tom ('lark
were thr* others whose impeach
mont was sought
Although the high court's anti
segregation rulings were not eit
ed by the resolution, the move
was obviously a retaliatory one
by the Deep South legislators.
The measure was dropped into
the House hopper by Speaker
Marvin Moate and Representative
W. Colbert Hawkins, the floor
leader of Governor Griffin's seg
regation-dedicated administration.
ATLANTA. Ga , Feb. 13 (UP)
Governor "Marvin Griffin's lieu
tenants presented a resolution to
the Legislature today asking im
i" ichment <>t six US. Supreme
Court Justices on the grounds
they were guilty of "high crimes
and misdemeanors."
The resolution, due for formal
introduction tomorrow, accused
Justices William O Douglas and
Hugo of accepting "awards
of money and things of value"
from Communist front organiza
tions while members of the high
ft singled out Justice Felix
Fi ank fui tei a < membei ol the
legal committee of the National
Association for the Advancement
of Colored People," saying he had
helped the NA A CP in "its obiec
tive-j as a Communist front or
ganization "
Justices Black. Douglas and
.Stanley Reed had participated in
a 1943 ruling in which a "proven
and avowed ardent Communist"
was hold not deportable, the reso
Intinn stated. Chief Justice Fail
Warren and Justice Tom ('lark
were thr* others whose impeach
mont was sought
Although the high court's anti
segregation rulings were not eit
ed by the resolution, the move
was obviously a retaliatory one
by the Deep South legislators.
The measure was dropped into
the House hopper by Speaker
Marvin Moate and Representative
W. Colbert Hawkins, the floor
leader of Governor Griffin's seg
regation-dedicated administration.
ATLANTA. Ga , Feb. 13 (UP)
Governor "Marvin Griffin's lieu
tenants presented a resolution to
the Legislature today asking im
i" ichment <>t six US. Supreme
Court Justices on the grounds
they were guilty of "high crimes
and misdemeanors."
The resolution, due for formal
introduction tomorrow, accused
Justices William O Douglas and
Hugo of accepting "awards
of money and things of value"
from Communist front organiza
tions while members of the high
ft singled out Justice Felix
Fi ank fui tei a < membei ol the
legal committee of the National
Association for the Advancement
of Colored People," saying he had
helped the NA A CP in "its obiec
tive-j as a Communist front or
ganization "
Justices Black. Douglas and
.Stanley Reed had participated in
a 1943 ruling in which a "proven
and avowed ardent Communist"
was hold not deportable, the reso
Intinn stated. Chief Justice Fail
Warren and Justice Tom ('lark
were thr* others whose impeach
mont was sought
Although the high court's anti
segregation rulings were not eit
ed by the resolution, the move
was obviously a retaliatory one
by the Deep South legislators.
The measure was dropped into
the House hopper by Speaker
Marvin Moate and Representative
W. Colbert Hawkins, the floor
leader of Governor Griffin's seg
regation-dedicated administration.
ATLANTA. Ga , Feb. 13 (UP)
Governor "Marvin Griffin's lieu
tenants presented a resolution to
the Legislature today asking im
i" ichment <>t six US. Supreme
Court Justices on the grounds
they were guilty of "high crimes
and misdemeanors."
The resolution, due for formal
introduction tomorrow, accused
Justices William O Douglas and
Hugo of accepting "awards
of money and things of value"
from Communist front organiza
tions while members of the high
ft singled out Justice Felix
Fi ank fui tei a < membei ol the
legal committee of the National
Association for the Advancement
of Colored People," saying he had
helped the NA A CP in "its obiec
tive-j as a Communist front or
ganization "
Justices Black. Douglas and
.Stanley Reed had participated in
a 1943 ruling in which a "proven
and avowed ardent Communist"
was hold not deportable, the reso
Intinn stated. Chief Justice Fail
Warren and Justice Tom ('lark
were thr* others whose impeach
mont was sought
Although the high court's anti
segregation rulings were not eit
ed by the resolution, the move
was obviously a retaliatory one
by the Deep South legislators.
The measure was dropped into
the House hopper by Speaker
Marvin Moate and Representative
W. Colbert Hawkins, the floor
leader of Governor Griffin's seg
regation-dedicated administration.
ATLANTA. Ga , Feb. 13 (UP)
Governor "Marvin Griffin's lieu
tenants presented a resolution to
the Legislature today asking im
i" ichment <>t six US. Supreme
Court Justices on the grounds
they were guilty of "high crimes
and misdemeanors."
The resolution, due for formal
introduction tomorrow, accused
Justices William O Douglas and
Hugo of accepting "awards
of money and things of value"
from Communist front organiza
tions while members of the high
ft singled out Justice Felix
Fi ank fui tei a < membei ol the
legal committee of the National
Association for the Advancement
of Colored People," saying he had
helped the NA A CP in "its obiec
tive-j as a Communist front or
ganization "
Justices Black. Douglas and
.Stanley Reed had participated in
a 1943 ruling in which a "proven
and avowed ardent Communist"
was hold not deportable, the reso
Intinn stated. Chief Justice Fail
Warren and Justice Tom ('lark
were thr* others whose impeach
mont was sought
Although the high court's anti
segregation rulings were not eit
ed by the resolution, the move
was obviously a retaliatory one
by the Deep South legislators.
The measure was dropped into
the House hopper by Speaker
Marvin Moate and Representative
W. Colbert Hawkins, the floor
leader of Governor Griffin's seg
regation-dedicated administration.
ATLANTA. Ga , Feb. 13 (UP)
Governor "Marvin Griffin's lieu
tenants presented a resolution to
the Legislature today asking im
i" ichment <>t six US. Supreme
Court Justices on the grounds
they were guilty of "high crimes
and misdemeanors."
The resolution, due for formal
introduction tomorrow, accused
Justices William O Douglas and
Hugo of accepting "awards
of money and things of value"
from Communist front organiza
tions while members of the high
ft singled out Justice Felix
Fi ank fui tei a < membei ol the
legal committee of the National
Association for the Advancement
of Colored People," saying he had
helped the NA A CP in "its obiec
tive-j as a Communist front or
ganization "
Justices Black. Douglas and
.Stanley Reed had participated in
a 1943 ruling in which a "proven
and avowed ardent Communist"
was hold not deportable, the reso
Intinn stated. Chief Justice Fail
Warren and Justice Tom ('lark
were thr* others whose impeach
mont was sought
Although the high court's anti
segregation rulings were not eit
ed by the resolution, the move
was obviously a retaliatory one
by the Deep South legislators.
The measure was dropped into
the House hopper by Speaker
Marvin Moate and Representative
W. Colbert Hawkins, the floor
leader of Governor Griffin's seg
regation-dedicated administration.
ATLANTA. Ga , Feb. 13 (UP)
Governor "Marvin Griffin's lieu
tenants presented a resolution to
the Legislature today asking im
i" ichment <>t six US. Supreme
Court Justices on the grounds
they were guilty of "high crimes
and misdemeanors."
The resolution, due for formal
introduction tomorrow, accused
Justices William O Douglas and
Hugo of accepting "awards
of money and things of value"
from Communist front organiza
tions while members of the high
ft singled out Justice Felix
Fi ank fui tei a < membei ol the
legal committee of the National
Association for the Advancement
of Colored People," saying he had
helped the NA A CP in "its obiec
tive-j as a Communist front or
ganization "
Justices Black. Douglas and
.Stanley Reed had participated in
a 1943 ruling in which a "proven
and avowed ardent Communist"
was hold not deportable, the reso
Intinn stated. Chief Justice Fail
Warren and Justice Tom ('lark
were thr* others whose impeach
mont was sought
Although the high court's anti
segregation rulings were not eit
ed by the resolution, the move
was obviously a retaliatory one
by the Deep South legislators.
The measure was dropped into
the House hopper by Speaker
Marvin Moate and Representative
W. Colbert Hawkins, the floor
leader of Governor Griffin's seg
regation-dedicated administration.
ATLANTA. Ga , Feb. 13 (UP)
Governor "Marvin Griffin's lieu
tenants presented a resolution to
the Legislature today asking im
i" ichment <>t six US. Supreme
Court Justices on the grounds
they were guilty of "high crimes
and misdemeanors."
The resolution, due for formal
introduction tomorrow, accused
Justices William O Douglas and
Hugo of accepting "awards
of money and things of value"
from Communist front organiza
tions while members of the high
ft singled out Justice Felix
Fi ank fui tei a < membei ol the
legal committee of the National
Association for the Advancement
of Colored People," saying he had
helped the NA A CP in "its obiec
tive-j as a Communist front or
ganization "
Justices Black. Douglas and
.Stanley Reed had participated in
a 1943 ruling in which a "proven
and avowed ardent Communist"
was hold not deportable, the reso
Intinn stated. Chief Justice Fail
Warren and Justice Tom ('lark
were thr* others whose impeach
mont was sought
Although the high court's anti
segregation rulings were not eit
ed by the resolution, the move
was obviously a retaliatory one
by the Deep South legislators.
The measure was dropped into
the House hopper by Speaker
Marvin Moate and Representative
W. Colbert Hawkins, the floor
leader of Governor Griffin's seg
regation-dedicated administration.
ATLANTA. Ga , Feb. 13 (UP)
Governor "Marvin Griffin's lieu
tenants presented a resolution to
the Legislature today asking im
i" ichment <>t six US. Supreme
Court Justices on the grounds
they were guilty of "high crimes
and misdemeanors."
The resolution, due for formal
introduction tomorrow, accused
Justices William O Douglas and
Hugo of accepting "awards
of money and things of value"
from Communist front organiza
tions while members of the high
ft singled out Justice Felix
Fi ank fui tei a < membei ol the
legal committee of the National
Association for the Advancement
of Colored People," saying he had
helped the NA A CP in "its obiec
tive-j as a Communist front or
ganization "
Justices Black. Douglas and
.Stanley Reed had participated in
a 1943 ruling in which a "proven
and avowed ardent Communist"
was hold not deportable, the reso
Intinn stated. Chief Justice Fail
Warren and Justice Tom ('lark
were thr* others whose impeach
mont was sought
Although the high court's anti
segregation rulings were not eit
ed by the resolution, the move
was obviously a retaliatory one
by the Deep South legislators.
The measure was dropped into
the House hopper by Speaker
Marvin Moate and Representative
W. Colbert Hawkins, the floor
leader of Governor Griffin's seg
regation-dedicated administration.
ATLANTA. Ga , Feb. 13 (UP)
Governor "Marvin Griffin's lieu
tenants presented a resolution to
the Legislature today asking im
i" ichment <>t six US. Supreme
Court Justices on the grounds
they were guilty of "high crimes
and misdemeanors."
The resolution, due for formal
introduction tomorrow, accused
Justices William O Douglas and
Hugo of accepting "awards
of money and things of value"
from Communist front organiza
tions while members of the high
ft singled out Justice Felix
Fi ank fui tei a < membei ol the
legal committee of the National
Association for the Advancement
of Colored People," saying he had
helped the NA A CP in "its obiec
tive-j as a Communist front or
ganization "
Justices Black. Douglas and
.Stanley Reed had participated in
a 1943 ruling in which a "proven
and avowed ardent Communist"
was hold not deportable, the reso
Intinn stated. Chief Justice Fail
Warren and Justice Tom ('lark
were thr* others whose impeach
mont was sought
Although the high court's anti
segregation rulings were not eit
ed by the resolution, the move
was obviously a retaliatory one
by the Deep South legislators.
The measure was dropped into
the House hopper by Speaker
Marvin Moate and Representative
W. Colbert Hawkins, the floor
leader of Governor Griffin's seg
regation-dedicated administration.
ATLANTA. Ga , Feb. 13 (UP)
Governor "Marvin Griffin's lieu
tenants presented a resolution to
the Legislature today asking im
i" ichment <>t six US. Supreme
Court Justices on the grounds
they were guilty of "high crimes
and misdemeanors."
The resolution, due for formal
introduction tomorrow, accused
Justices William O Douglas and
Hugo of accepting "awards
of money and things of value"
from Communist front organiza
tions while members of the high
ft singled out Justice Felix
Fi ank fui tei a < membei ol the
legal committee of the National
Association for the Advancement
of Colored People," saying he had
helped the NA A CP in "its obiec
tive-j as a Communist front or
ganization "
Justices Black. Douglas and
.Stanley Reed had participated in
a 1943 ruling in which a "proven
and avowed ardent Communist"
was hold not deportable, the reso
Intinn stated. Chief Justice Fail
Warren and Justice Tom ('lark
were thr* others whose impeach
mont was sought
Although the high court's anti
segregation rulings were not eit
ed by the resolution, the move
was obviously a retaliatory one
by the Deep South legislators.
The measure was dropped into
the House hopper by Speaker
Marvin Moate and Representative
W. Colbert Hawkins, the floor
leader of Governor Griffin's seg
regation-dedicated administration.
ATLANTA. Ga , Feb. 13 (UP)
Governor "Marvin Griffin's lieu
tenants presented a resolution to
the Legislature today asking im
i" ichment <>t six US. Supreme
Court Justices on the grounds
they were guilty of "high crimes
and misdemeanors."
The resolution, due for formal
introduction tomorrow, accused
Justices William O Douglas and
Hugo of accepting "awards
of money and things of value"
from Communist front organiza
tions while members of the high
ft singled out Justice Felix
Fi ank fui tei a < membei ol the
legal committee of the National
Association for the Advancement
of Colored People," saying he had
helped the NA A CP in "its obiec
tive-j as a Communist front or
ganization "
Justices Black. Douglas and
.Stanley Reed had participated in
a 1943 ruling in which a "proven
and avowed ardent Communist"
was hold not deportable, the reso
Intinn stated. Chief Justice Fail
Warren and Justice Tom ('lark
were thr* others whose impeach
mont was sought
Although the high court's anti
segregation rulings were not eit
ed by the resolution, the move
was obviously a retaliatory one
by the Deep South legislators.
The measure was dropped into
the House hopper by Speaker
Marvin Moate and Representative
W. Colbert Hawkins, the floor
leader of Governor Griffin's seg
regation-dedicated administration.
ATLANTA. Ga , Feb. 13 (UP)
Governor "Marvin Griffin's lieu
tenants presented a resolution to
the Legislature today asking im
i" ichment <>t six US. Supreme
Court Justices on the grounds
they were guilty of "high crimes
and misdemeanors."
The resolution, due for formal
introduction tomorrow, accused
Justices William O Douglas and
Hugo of accepting "awards
of money and things of value"
from Communist front organiza
tions while members of the high
ft singled out Justice Felix
Fi ank fui tei a < membei ol the
legal committee of the National
Association for the Advancement
of Colored People," saying he had
helped the NA A CP in "its obiec
tive-j as a Communist front or
ganization "
Justices Black. Douglas and
.Stanley Reed had participated in
a 1943 ruling in which a "proven
and avowed ardent Communist"
was hold not deportable, the reso
Intinn stated. Chief Justice Fail
Warren and Justice Tom ('lark
were thr* others whose impeach
mont was sought
Although the high court's anti
segregation rulings were not eit
ed by the resolution, the move
was obviously a retaliatory one
by the Deep South legislators.
The measure was dropped into
the House hopper by Speaker
Marvin Moate and Representative
W. Colbert Hawkins, the floor
leader of Governor Griffin's seg
regation-dedicated administration.
