# PISTONS TO MOVE:
## 
### 
DETROIT. Feb. 13 (UP) -Fred
Zollnei, owner of the Fort Wayne
Pistons, said tonight that if no
unforeseen snag develops he'll an
riounce tomorrow thai the profes
sional basketball team will he
moved to Detroit.
DETROIT. Feb. 13 (UP) -Fred
Zollnei, owner of the Fort Wayne
Pistons, said tonight that if no
unforeseen snag develops he'll an
riounce tomorrow thai the profes
sional basketball team will he
moved to Detroit.
DETROIT. Feb. 13 (UP) -Fred
Zollnei, owner of the Fort Wayne
Pistons, said tonight that if no
unforeseen snag develops he'll an
riounce tomorrow thai the profes
sional basketball team will he
moved to Detroit.
DETROIT. Feb. 13 (UP) -Fred
Zollnei, owner of the Fort Wayne
Pistons, said tonight that if no
unforeseen snag develops he'll an
riounce tomorrow thai the profes
sional basketball team will he
moved to Detroit.
DETROIT. Feb. 13 (UP) -Fred
Zollnei, owner of the Fort Wayne
Pistons, said tonight that if no
unforeseen snag develops he'll an
riounce tomorrow thai the profes
sional basketball team will he
moved to Detroit.
DETROIT. Feb. 13 (UP) -Fred
Zollnei, owner of the Fort Wayne
Pistons, said tonight that if no
unforeseen snag develops he'll an
riounce tomorrow thai the profes
sional basketball team will he
moved to Detroit.
DETROIT. Feb. 13 (UP) -Fred
Zollnei, owner of the Fort Wayne
Pistons, said tonight that if no
unforeseen snag develops he'll an
riounce tomorrow thai the profes
sional basketball team will he
moved to Detroit.
DETROIT. Feb. 13 (UP) -Fred
Zollnei, owner of the Fort Wayne
Pistons, said tonight that if no
unforeseen snag develops he'll an
riounce tomorrow thai the profes
sional basketball team will he
moved to Detroit.
DETROIT. Feb. 13 (UP) -Fred
Zollnei, owner of the Fort Wayne
Pistons, said tonight that if no
unforeseen snag develops he'll an
riounce tomorrow thai the profes
sional basketball team will he
moved to Detroit.
DETROIT. Feb. 13 (UP) -Fred
Zollnei, owner of the Fort Wayne
Pistons, said tonight that if no
unforeseen snag develops he'll an
riounce tomorrow thai the profes
sional basketball team will he
moved to Detroit.
DETROIT. Feb. 13 (UP) -Fred
Zollnei, owner of the Fort Wayne
Pistons, said tonight that if no
unforeseen snag develops he'll an
riounce tomorrow thai the profes
sional basketball team will he
moved to Detroit.
DETROIT. Feb. 13 (UP) -Fred
Zollnei, owner of the Fort Wayne
Pistons, said tonight that if no
unforeseen snag develops he'll an
riounce tomorrow thai the profes
sional basketball team will he
moved to Detroit.
DETROIT. Feb. 13 (UP) -Fred
Zollnei, owner of the Fort Wayne
Pistons, said tonight that if no
unforeseen snag develops he'll an
riounce tomorrow thai the profes
sional basketball team will he
moved to Detroit.
DETROIT. Feb. 13 (UP) -Fred
Zollnei, owner of the Fort Wayne
Pistons, said tonight that if no
unforeseen snag develops he'll an
riounce tomorrow thai the profes
sional basketball team will he
moved to Detroit.
DETROIT. Feb. 13 (UP) -Fred
Zollnei, owner of the Fort Wayne
Pistons, said tonight that if no
unforeseen snag develops he'll an
riounce tomorrow thai the profes
sional basketball team will he
moved to Detroit.
DETROIT. Feb. 13 (UP) -Fred
Zollnei, owner of the Fort Wayne
Pistons, said tonight that if no
unforeseen snag develops he'll an
riounce tomorrow thai the profes
sional basketball team will he
moved to Detroit.
