# DELTA KAPPA EPSILON
## 
### 
Delta Kappa Epsilon officers:
John Pat ridge, president; George
Story, vice-president; Tom Holt,
house maanger; Win Black, l ush
ing chairman; Clay Lindus, social
chairman; Jack McDonald, secre
tary; Tom McMahus, athletic
chairman; Larry Turner, ser
geant-at-arms.
Delta Kappa Epsilon officers:
John Pat ridge, president; George
Story, vice-president; Tom Holt,
house maanger; Win Black, l ush
ing chairman; Clay Lindus, social
chairman; Jack McDonald, secre
tary; Tom McMahus, athletic
chairman; Larry Turner, ser
geant-at-arms.
Delta Kappa Epsilon officers:
John Pat ridge, president; George
Story, vice-president; Tom Holt,
house maanger; Win Black, l ush
ing chairman; Clay Lindus, social
chairman; Jack McDonald, secre
tary; Tom McMahus, athletic
chairman; Larry Turner, ser
geant-at-arms.
Delta Kappa Epsilon officers:
John Pat ridge, president; George
Story, vice-president; Tom Holt,
house maanger; Win Black, l ush
ing chairman; Clay Lindus, social
chairman; Jack McDonald, secre
tary; Tom McMahus, athletic
chairman; Larry Turner, ser
geant-at-arms.
Delta Kappa Epsilon officers:
John Pat ridge, president; George
Story, vice-president; Tom Holt,
house maanger; Win Black, l ush
ing chairman; Clay Lindus, social
chairman; Jack McDonald, secre
tary; Tom McMahus, athletic
chairman; Larry Turner, ser
geant-at-arms.
Delta Kappa Epsilon officers:
John Pat ridge, president; George
Story, vice-president; Tom Holt,
house maanger; Win Black, l ush
ing chairman; Clay Lindus, social
chairman; Jack McDonald, secre
tary; Tom McMahus, athletic
chairman; Larry Turner, ser
geant-at-arms.
Delta Kappa Epsilon officers:
John Pat ridge, president; George
Story, vice-president; Tom Holt,
house maanger; Win Black, l ush
ing chairman; Clay Lindus, social
chairman; Jack McDonald, secre
tary; Tom McMahus, athletic
chairman; Larry Turner, ser
geant-at-arms.
Delta Kappa Epsilon officers:
John Pat ridge, president; George
Story, vice-president; Tom Holt,
house maanger; Win Black, l ush
ing chairman; Clay Lindus, social
chairman; Jack McDonald, secre
tary; Tom McMahus, athletic
chairman; Larry Turner, ser
geant-at-arms.
Delta Kappa Epsilon officers:
John Pat ridge, president; George
Story, vice-president; Tom Holt,
house maanger; Win Black, l ush
ing chairman; Clay Lindus, social
chairman; Jack McDonald, secre
tary; Tom McMahus, athletic
chairman; Larry Turner, ser
geant-at-arms.
Delta Kappa Epsilon officers:
John Pat ridge, president; George
Story, vice-president; Tom Holt,
house maanger; Win Black, l ush
ing chairman; Clay Lindus, social
chairman; Jack McDonald, secre
tary; Tom McMahus, athletic
chairman; Larry Turner, ser
geant-at-arms.
Delta Kappa Epsilon officers:
John Pat ridge, president; George
Story, vice-president; Tom Holt,
house maanger; Win Black, l ush
ing chairman; Clay Lindus, social
chairman; Jack McDonald, secre
tary; Tom McMahus, athletic
chairman; Larry Turner, ser
geant-at-arms.
Delta Kappa Epsilon officers:
John Pat ridge, president; George
Story, vice-president; Tom Holt,
house maanger; Win Black, l ush
ing chairman; Clay Lindus, social
chairman; Jack McDonald, secre
tary; Tom McMahus, athletic
chairman; Larry Turner, ser
geant-at-arms.
Delta Kappa Epsilon officers:
John Pat ridge, president; George
Story, vice-president; Tom Holt,
house maanger; Win Black, l ush
ing chairman; Clay Lindus, social
chairman; Jack McDonald, secre
tary; Tom McMahus, athletic
chairman; Larry Turner, ser
geant-at-arms.
Delta Kappa Epsilon officers:
John Pat ridge, president; George
Story, vice-president; Tom Holt,
house maanger; Win Black, l ush
ing chairman; Clay Lindus, social
chairman; Jack McDonald, secre
tary; Tom McMahus, athletic
chairman; Larry Turner, ser
geant-at-arms.
Delta Kappa Epsilon officers:
John Pat ridge, president; George
Story, vice-president; Tom Holt,
house maanger; Win Black, l ush
ing chairman; Clay Lindus, social
chairman; Jack McDonald, secre
tary; Tom McMahus, athletic
chairman; Larry Turner, ser
geant-at-arms.
Delta Kappa Epsilon officers:
John Pat ridge, president; George
Story, vice-president; Tom Holt,
house maanger; Win Black, l ush
ing chairman; Clay Lindus, social
chairman; Jack McDonald, secre
tary; Tom McMahus, athletic
chairman; Larry Turner, ser
geant-at-arms.
