# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Stress
Cory Sammons comes under
stress as a hockey player and
the president of club sports.
P a 9 e 9

Fury
Wrestling toppled the San
Francisco State Gators with
fury last night.
page 9

Chaos
Physics prof hypothesizes that
chaos is more predictable than
order.
page 7

WEATHER
-> TodayrPatchy
H morning fog fol-
H lowed by sun
shine
Thursday: Fair,
a highs from 55-65,


Stress
Cory Sammons comes under
stress as a hockey player and
the president of club sports.
P a 9 e 9

Fury
Wrestling toppled the San
Francisco State Gators with
fury last night.
page 9

Chaos
Physics prof hypothesizes that
chaos is more predictable than
order.
page 7

WEATHER
-> TodayrPatchy
H morning fog fol-
H lowed by sun
shine
Thursday: Fair,
a highs from 55-65,


Stress
Cory Sammons comes under
stress as a hockey player and
the president of club sports.
P a 9 e 9

Fury
Wrestling toppled the San
Francisco State Gators with
fury last night.
page 9

Chaos
Physics prof hypothesizes that
chaos is more predictable than
order.
page 7

WEATHER
-> TodayrPatchy
H morning fog fol-
H lowed by sun
shine
Thursday: Fair,
a highs from 55-65,


Stress
Cory Sammons comes under
stress as a hockey player and
the president of club sports.
P a 9 e 9

Fury
Wrestling toppled the San
Francisco State Gators with
fury last night.
page 9

Chaos
Physics prof hypothesizes that
chaos is more predictable than
order.
page 7

WEATHER
-> TodayrPatchy
H morning fog fol-
H lowed by sun
shine
Thursday: Fair,
a highs from 55-65,


Stress
Cory Sammons comes under
stress as a hockey player and
the president of club sports.
P a 9 e 9

Fury
Wrestling toppled the San
Francisco State Gators with
fury last night.
page 9

Chaos
Physics prof hypothesizes that
chaos is more predictable than
order.
page 7

WEATHER
-> TodayrPatchy
H morning fog fol-
H lowed by sun
shine
Thursday: Fair,
a highs from 55-65,


Stress
Cory Sammons comes under
stress as a hockey player and
the president of club sports.
P a 9 e 9

Fury
Wrestling toppled the San
Francisco State Gators with
fury last night.
page 9

Chaos
Physics prof hypothesizes that
chaos is more predictable than
order.
page 7

WEATHER
-> TodayrPatchy
H morning fog fol-
H lowed by sun
shine
Thursday: Fair,
a highs from 55-65,


Stress
Cory Sammons comes under
stress as a hockey player and
the president of club sports.
P a 9 e 9

Fury
Wrestling toppled the San
Francisco State Gators with
fury last night.
page 9

Chaos
Physics prof hypothesizes that
chaos is more predictable than
order.
page 7

WEATHER
-> TodayrPatchy
H morning fog fol-
H lowed by sun
shine
Thursday: Fair,
a highs from 55-65,


