# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Bill Wilton, '44, Encina, is the
winner of last week's "Know
Stanford" contest with a total
score of 39.
Bill Wilton, '44, Encina, is the
winner of last week's "Know
Stanford" contest with a total
score of 39.
Bill Wilton, '44, Encina, is the
winner of last week's "Know
Stanford" contest with a total
score of 39.
Bill Wilton, '44, Encina, is the
winner of last week's "Know
Stanford" contest with a total
score of 39.
Bill Wilton, '44, Encina, is the
winner of last week's "Know
Stanford" contest with a total
score of 39.
Bill Wilton, '44, Encina, is the
winner of last week's "Know
Stanford" contest with a total
score of 39.
Bill Wilton, '44, Encina, is the
winner of last week's "Know
Stanford" contest with a total
score of 39.
Bill Wilton, '44, Encina, is the
winner of last week's "Know
Stanford" contest with a total
score of 39.
Bill Wilton, '44, Encina, is the
winner of last week's "Know
Stanford" contest with a total
score of 39.
Bill Wilton, '44, Encina, is the
winner of last week's "Know
Stanford" contest with a total
score of 39.
Bill Wilton, '44, Encina, is the
winner of last week's "Know
Stanford" contest with a total
score of 39.
Bill Wilton, '44, Encina, is the
winner of last week's "Know
Stanford" contest with a total
score of 39.
Bill Wilton, '44, Encina, is the
winner of last week's "Know
Stanford" contest with a total
score of 39.
Bill Wilton, '44, Encina, is the
winner of last week's "Know
Stanford" contest with a total
score of 39.
Bill Wilton, '44, Encina, is the
winner of last week's "Know
Stanford" contest with a total
score of 39.
Bill Wilton, '44, Encina, is the
winner of last week's "Know
Stanford" contest with a total
score of 39.
Bill Wilton, '44, Encina, is the
winner of last week's "Know
Stanford" contest with a total
score of 39.
