# Colleges Present Science Program
## 
### 
Stanford, University of California,
and Cal Tech will participate in
NBC's new weekljf program, "Un
limited Horizons."
Intended to give the layman a
glimpse into the secrets of the phys
ical sciences, the program is sched
uled for every Friday night at 8:30
o'clock over KGO. The series will
include stories about Stanford's de
velopment of the klystron, facts of
research on earthquakes, salmon
conservation on the Pacific Coast,
j and Ryan laboratory experiments
lon transmitting high voltage over
long distances.
Stanford, University of California,
and Cal Tech will participate in
NBC's new weekljf program, "Un
limited Horizons."
Intended to give the layman a
glimpse into the secrets of the phys
ical sciences, the program is sched
uled for every Friday night at 8:30
o'clock over KGO. The series will
include stories about Stanford's de
velopment of the klystron, facts of
research on earthquakes, salmon
conservation on the Pacific Coast,
j and Ryan laboratory experiments
lon transmitting high voltage over
long distances.
Stanford, University of California,
and Cal Tech will participate in
NBC's new weekljf program, "Un
limited Horizons."
Intended to give the layman a
glimpse into the secrets of the phys
ical sciences, the program is sched
uled for every Friday night at 8:30
o'clock over KGO. The series will
include stories about Stanford's de
velopment of the klystron, facts of
research on earthquakes, salmon
conservation on the Pacific Coast,
j and Ryan laboratory experiments
lon transmitting high voltage over
long distances.
Stanford, University of California,
and Cal Tech will participate in
NBC's new weekljf program, "Un
limited Horizons."
Intended to give the layman a
glimpse into the secrets of the phys
ical sciences, the program is sched
uled for every Friday night at 8:30
o'clock over KGO. The series will
include stories about Stanford's de
velopment of the klystron, facts of
research on earthquakes, salmon
conservation on the Pacific Coast,
j and Ryan laboratory experiments
lon transmitting high voltage over
long distances.
Stanford, University of California,
and Cal Tech will participate in
NBC's new weekljf program, "Un
limited Horizons."
Intended to give the layman a
glimpse into the secrets of the phys
ical sciences, the program is sched
uled for every Friday night at 8:30
o'clock over KGO. The series will
include stories about Stanford's de
velopment of the klystron, facts of
research on earthquakes, salmon
conservation on the Pacific Coast,
j and Ryan laboratory experiments
lon transmitting high voltage over
long distances.
Stanford, University of California,
and Cal Tech will participate in
NBC's new weekljf program, "Un
limited Horizons."
Intended to give the layman a
glimpse into the secrets of the phys
ical sciences, the program is sched
uled for every Friday night at 8:30
o'clock over KGO. The series will
include stories about Stanford's de
velopment of the klystron, facts of
research on earthquakes, salmon
conservation on the Pacific Coast,
j and Ryan laboratory experiments
lon transmitting high voltage over
long distances.
Stanford, University of California,
and Cal Tech will participate in
NBC's new weekljf program, "Un
limited Horizons."
Intended to give the layman a
glimpse into the secrets of the phys
ical sciences, the program is sched
uled for every Friday night at 8:30
o'clock over KGO. The series will
include stories about Stanford's de
velopment of the klystron, facts of
research on earthquakes, salmon
conservation on the Pacific Coast,
j and Ryan laboratory experiments
lon transmitting high voltage over
long distances.
Stanford, University of California,
and Cal Tech will participate in
NBC's new weekljf program, "Un
limited Horizons."
Intended to give the layman a
glimpse into the secrets of the phys
ical sciences, the program is sched
uled for every Friday night at 8:30
o'clock over KGO. The series will
include stories about Stanford's de
velopment of the klystron, facts of
research on earthquakes, salmon
conservation on the Pacific Coast,
j and Ryan laboratory experiments
lon transmitting high voltage over
long distances.
Stanford, University of California,
and Cal Tech will participate in
NBC's new weekljf program, "Un
limited Horizons."
Intended to give the layman a
glimpse into the secrets of the phys
ical sciences, the program is sched
uled for every Friday night at 8:30
o'clock over KGO. The series will
include stories about Stanford's de
velopment of the klystron, facts of
research on earthquakes, salmon
conservation on the Pacific Coast,
j and Ryan laboratory experiments
lon transmitting high voltage over
long distances.
Stanford, University of California,
and Cal Tech will participate in
NBC's new weekljf program, "Un
limited Horizons."
Intended to give the layman a
glimpse into the secrets of the phys
ical sciences, the program is sched
uled for every Friday night at 8:30
o'clock over KGO. The series will
include stories about Stanford's de
velopment of the klystron, facts of
research on earthquakes, salmon
conservation on the Pacific Coast,
j and Ryan laboratory experiments
lon transmitting high voltage over
long distances.
Stanford, University of California,
and Cal Tech will participate in
NBC's new weekljf program, "Un
limited Horizons."
Intended to give the layman a
glimpse into the secrets of the phys
ical sciences, the program is sched
uled for every Friday night at 8:30
o'clock over KGO. The series will
include stories about Stanford's de
velopment of the klystron, facts of
research on earthquakes, salmon
conservation on the Pacific Coast,
j and Ryan laboratory experiments
lon transmitting high voltage over
long distances.
Stanford, University of California,
and Cal Tech will participate in
NBC's new weekljf program, "Un
limited Horizons."
Intended to give the layman a
glimpse into the secrets of the phys
ical sciences, the program is sched
uled for every Friday night at 8:30
o'clock over KGO. The series will
include stories about Stanford's de
velopment of the klystron, facts of
research on earthquakes, salmon
conservation on the Pacific Coast,
j and Ryan laboratory experiments
lon transmitting high voltage over
long distances.
Stanford, University of California,
and Cal Tech will participate in
NBC's new weekljf program, "Un
limited Horizons."
Intended to give the layman a
glimpse into the secrets of the phys
ical sciences, the program is sched
uled for every Friday night at 8:30
o'clock over KGO. The series will
include stories about Stanford's de
velopment of the klystron, facts of
research on earthquakes, salmon
conservation on the Pacific Coast,
j and Ryan laboratory experiments
lon transmitting high voltage over
long distances.
Stanford, University of California,
and Cal Tech will participate in
NBC's new weekljf program, "Un
limited Horizons."
Intended to give the layman a
glimpse into the secrets of the phys
ical sciences, the program is sched
uled for every Friday night at 8:30
o'clock over KGO. The series will
include stories about Stanford's de
velopment of the klystron, facts of
research on earthquakes, salmon
conservation on the Pacific Coast,
j and Ryan laboratory experiments
lon transmitting high voltage over
long distances.
Stanford, University of California,
and Cal Tech will participate in
NBC's new weekljf program, "Un
limited Horizons."
Intended to give the layman a
glimpse into the secrets of the phys
ical sciences, the program is sched
uled for every Friday night at 8:30
o'clock over KGO. The series will
include stories about Stanford's de
velopment of the klystron, facts of
research on earthquakes, salmon
conservation on the Pacific Coast,
j and Ryan laboratory experiments
lon transmitting high voltage over
long distances.
Stanford, University of California,
and Cal Tech will participate in
NBC's new weekljf program, "Un
limited Horizons."
Intended to give the layman a
glimpse into the secrets of the phys
ical sciences, the program is sched
uled for every Friday night at 8:30
o'clock over KGO. The series will
include stories about Stanford's de
velopment of the klystron, facts of
research on earthquakes, salmon
conservation on the Pacific Coast,
j and Ryan laboratory experiments
lon transmitting high voltage over
long distances.
Stanford, University of California,
and Cal Tech will participate in
NBC's new weekljf program, "Un
limited Horizons."
Intended to give the layman a
glimpse into the secrets of the phys
ical sciences, the program is sched
uled for every Friday night at 8:30
o'clock over KGO. The series will
include stories about Stanford's de
velopment of the klystron, facts of
research on earthquakes, salmon
conservation on the Pacific Coast,
j and Ryan laboratory experiments
lon transmitting high voltage over
long distances.
