# Club Meeting Has Hallowe'en Theme
## 
### 
International Club meeting, Wed
nesday, Oct. 31, was in the form of
a Hallowe'en .party. Hallowe'en re
freshments and decorations were ar
ranged by Dick Ogg, who planned
the party. All those interested in
meeting foreign students are in
vited to attend International Club
meetings on Wednesday evenings at
the home of Mrs. O. J. Thomas, 365
Lincoln Street, Palo Alto.
International Club meeting, Wed
nesday, Oct. 31, was in the form of
a Hallowe'en .party. Hallowe'en re
freshments and decorations were ar
ranged by Dick Ogg, who planned
the party. All those interested in
meeting foreign students are in
vited to attend International Club
meetings on Wednesday evenings at
the home of Mrs. O. J. Thomas, 365
Lincoln Street, Palo Alto.
International Club meeting, Wed
nesday, Oct. 31, was in the form of
a Hallowe'en .party. Hallowe'en re
freshments and decorations were ar
ranged by Dick Ogg, who planned
the party. All those interested in
meeting foreign students are in
vited to attend International Club
meetings on Wednesday evenings at
the home of Mrs. O. J. Thomas, 365
Lincoln Street, Palo Alto.
International Club meeting, Wed
nesday, Oct. 31, was in the form of
a Hallowe'en .party. Hallowe'en re
freshments and decorations were ar
ranged by Dick Ogg, who planned
the party. All those interested in
meeting foreign students are in
vited to attend International Club
meetings on Wednesday evenings at
the home of Mrs. O. J. Thomas, 365
Lincoln Street, Palo Alto.
International Club meeting, Wed
nesday, Oct. 31, was in the form of
a Hallowe'en .party. Hallowe'en re
freshments and decorations were ar
ranged by Dick Ogg, who planned
the party. All those interested in
meeting foreign students are in
vited to attend International Club
meetings on Wednesday evenings at
the home of Mrs. O. J. Thomas, 365
Lincoln Street, Palo Alto.
International Club meeting, Wed
nesday, Oct. 31, was in the form of
a Hallowe'en .party. Hallowe'en re
freshments and decorations were ar
ranged by Dick Ogg, who planned
the party. All those interested in
meeting foreign students are in
vited to attend International Club
meetings on Wednesday evenings at
the home of Mrs. O. J. Thomas, 365
Lincoln Street, Palo Alto.
International Club meeting, Wed
nesday, Oct. 31, was in the form of
a Hallowe'en .party. Hallowe'en re
freshments and decorations were ar
ranged by Dick Ogg, who planned
the party. All those interested in
meeting foreign students are in
vited to attend International Club
meetings on Wednesday evenings at
the home of Mrs. O. J. Thomas, 365
Lincoln Street, Palo Alto.
International Club meeting, Wed
nesday, Oct. 31, was in the form of
a Hallowe'en .party. Hallowe'en re
freshments and decorations were ar
ranged by Dick Ogg, who planned
the party. All those interested in
meeting foreign students are in
vited to attend International Club
meetings on Wednesday evenings at
the home of Mrs. O. J. Thomas, 365
Lincoln Street, Palo Alto.
International Club meeting, Wed
nesday, Oct. 31, was in the form of
a Hallowe'en .party. Hallowe'en re
freshments and decorations were ar
ranged by Dick Ogg, who planned
the party. All those interested in
meeting foreign students are in
vited to attend International Club
meetings on Wednesday evenings at
the home of Mrs. O. J. Thomas, 365
Lincoln Street, Palo Alto.
International Club meeting, Wed
nesday, Oct. 31, was in the form of
a Hallowe'en .party. Hallowe'en re
freshments and decorations were ar
ranged by Dick Ogg, who planned
the party. All those interested in
meeting foreign students are in
vited to attend International Club
meetings on Wednesday evenings at
the home of Mrs. O. J. Thomas, 365
Lincoln Street, Palo Alto.
International Club meeting, Wed
nesday, Oct. 31, was in the form of
a Hallowe'en .party. Hallowe'en re
freshments and decorations were ar
ranged by Dick Ogg, who planned
the party. All those interested in
meeting foreign students are in
vited to attend International Club
meetings on Wednesday evenings at
the home of Mrs. O. J. Thomas, 365
Lincoln Street, Palo Alto.
International Club meeting, Wed
nesday, Oct. 31, was in the form of
a Hallowe'en .party. Hallowe'en re
freshments and decorations were ar
ranged by Dick Ogg, who planned
the party. All those interested in
meeting foreign students are in
vited to attend International Club
meetings on Wednesday evenings at
the home of Mrs. O. J. Thomas, 365
Lincoln Street, Palo Alto.
International Club meeting, Wed
nesday, Oct. 31, was in the form of
a Hallowe'en .party. Hallowe'en re
freshments and decorations were ar
ranged by Dick Ogg, who planned
the party. All those interested in
meeting foreign students are in
vited to attend International Club
meetings on Wednesday evenings at
the home of Mrs. O. J. Thomas, 365
Lincoln Street, Palo Alto.
International Club meeting, Wed
nesday, Oct. 31, was in the form of
a Hallowe'en .party. Hallowe'en re
freshments and decorations were ar
ranged by Dick Ogg, who planned
the party. All those interested in
meeting foreign students are in
vited to attend International Club
meetings on Wednesday evenings at
the home of Mrs. O. J. Thomas, 365
Lincoln Street, Palo Alto.
International Club meeting, Wed
nesday, Oct. 31, was in the form of
a Hallowe'en .party. Hallowe'en re
freshments and decorations were ar
ranged by Dick Ogg, who planned
the party. All those interested in
meeting foreign students are in
vited to attend International Club
meetings on Wednesday evenings at
the home of Mrs. O. J. Thomas, 365
Lincoln Street, Palo Alto.
International Club meeting, Wed
nesday, Oct. 31, was in the form of
a Hallowe'en .party. Hallowe'en re
freshments and decorations were ar
ranged by Dick Ogg, who planned
the party. All those interested in
meeting foreign students are in
vited to attend International Club
meetings on Wednesday evenings at
the home of Mrs. O. J. Thomas, 365
Lincoln Street, Palo Alto.
International Club meeting, Wed
nesday, Oct. 31, was in the form of
a Hallowe'en .party. Hallowe'en re
freshments and decorations were ar
ranged by Dick Ogg, who planned
the party. All those interested in
meeting foreign students are in
vited to attend International Club
meetings on Wednesday evenings at
the home of Mrs. O. J. Thomas, 365
Lincoln Street, Palo Alto.
