# Klahoya to Hold Tea for Mothers
## 
### 
Clare WagstafTe, president of the
Klahoya Club, has anounced a tea
to be held Friday afternoon, No
vember 8 from 3:30 to 5 o'clock at
the Women's Clubhouse for the
mothers of girls not living on the
campus.
The red and white theme will be
carried out in the decorations by
chairman of flower arrangements
Mary Phares, and chairman of in
vitations Luella Smith. Alice Rob
ertson will be in charge of food and
Clare WagstafTe will act as general
chairman.
The purpose of this club is to pro
vide campus contact for nonresi
dent girls and now has a member
ship of forty. Proposed activities
for the near future include an ex
change dinner, a mother's luncheon,
and a senior dinner.
