# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—The girls' office and lockers in
the wood-shop are ready for use.
The popularity of the work among
the women of the University is
shown l>y the large registration,
thirty-three out of the eighty five
students registered being women.
—The girls' office and lockers in
the wood-shop are ready for use.
The popularity of the work among
the women of the University is
shown l>y the large registration,
thirty-three out of the eighty five
students registered being women.
—The girls' office and lockers in
the wood-shop are ready for use.
The popularity of the work among
the women of the University is
shown l>y the large registration,
thirty-three out of the eighty five
students registered being women.
—The girls' office and lockers in
the wood-shop are ready for use.
The popularity of the work among
the women of the University is
shown l>y the large registration,
thirty-three out of the eighty five
students registered being women.
—The girls' office and lockers in
the wood-shop are ready for use.
The popularity of the work among
the women of the University is
shown l>y the large registration,
thirty-three out of the eighty five
students registered being women.
—The girls' office and lockers in
the wood-shop are ready for use.
The popularity of the work among
the women of the University is
shown l>y the large registration,
thirty-three out of the eighty five
students registered being women.
