# Adv. 26 Page 4
## 
### 
FREMONT HOUSE OFFICERS
President, Larry Morin; Social
Chairman, Dale Hokanson; Busi
ness Manager, Marty Jensen; In
tramural Chairman, Steve Whit
ney.
FREMONT HOUSE OFFICERS
President, Larry Morin; Social
Chairman, Dale Hokanson; Busi
ness Manager, Marty Jensen; In
tramural Chairman, Steve Whit
ney.
FREMONT HOUSE OFFICERS
President, Larry Morin; Social
Chairman, Dale Hokanson; Busi
ness Manager, Marty Jensen; In
tramural Chairman, Steve Whit
ney.
FREMONT HOUSE OFFICERS
President, Larry Morin; Social
Chairman, Dale Hokanson; Busi
ness Manager, Marty Jensen; In
tramural Chairman, Steve Whit
ney.
FREMONT HOUSE OFFICERS
President, Larry Morin; Social
Chairman, Dale Hokanson; Busi
ness Manager, Marty Jensen; In
tramural Chairman, Steve Whit
ney.
FREMONT HOUSE OFFICERS
President, Larry Morin; Social
Chairman, Dale Hokanson; Busi
ness Manager, Marty Jensen; In
tramural Chairman, Steve Whit
ney.
FREMONT HOUSE OFFICERS
President, Larry Morin; Social
Chairman, Dale Hokanson; Busi
ness Manager, Marty Jensen; In
tramural Chairman, Steve Whit
ney.
FREMONT HOUSE OFFICERS
President, Larry Morin; Social
Chairman, Dale Hokanson; Busi
ness Manager, Marty Jensen; In
tramural Chairman, Steve Whit
ney.
FREMONT HOUSE OFFICERS
President, Larry Morin; Social
Chairman, Dale Hokanson; Busi
ness Manager, Marty Jensen; In
tramural Chairman, Steve Whit
ney.
FREMONT HOUSE OFFICERS
President, Larry Morin; Social
Chairman, Dale Hokanson; Busi
ness Manager, Marty Jensen; In
tramural Chairman, Steve Whit
ney.
FREMONT HOUSE OFFICERS
President, Larry Morin; Social
Chairman, Dale Hokanson; Busi
ness Manager, Marty Jensen; In
tramural Chairman, Steve Whit
ney.
FREMONT HOUSE OFFICERS
President, Larry Morin; Social
Chairman, Dale Hokanson; Busi
ness Manager, Marty Jensen; In
tramural Chairman, Steve Whit
ney.
FREMONT HOUSE OFFICERS
President, Larry Morin; Social
Chairman, Dale Hokanson; Busi
ness Manager, Marty Jensen; In
tramural Chairman, Steve Whit
ney.
FREMONT HOUSE OFFICERS
President, Larry Morin; Social
Chairman, Dale Hokanson; Busi
ness Manager, Marty Jensen; In
tramural Chairman, Steve Whit
ney.
FREMONT HOUSE OFFICERS
President, Larry Morin; Social
Chairman, Dale Hokanson; Busi
ness Manager, Marty Jensen; In
tramural Chairman, Steve Whit
ney.
FREMONT HOUSE OFFICERS
President, Larry Morin; Social
Chairman, Dale Hokanson; Busi
ness Manager, Marty Jensen; In
tramural Chairman, Steve Whit
ney.
