# Junior Prom Refund Ready
## 
### 
Starting today, those per
sons holding Junior Prom
tickets may sign up for their
refunds in the ASSU office,
according to Mike Wells,
Junior Class business mana
ger.
Holders should bring their
tickets to the ASSU office
through next Friday to have
numbers, prices and names
recorded. The first checks
will be out Tuesday; no
money will be refunded to
persons without tickets.
Starting today, those per
sons holding Junior Prom
tickets may sign up for their
refunds in the ASSU office,
according to Mike Wells,
Junior Class business mana
ger.
Holders should bring their
tickets to the ASSU office
through next Friday to have
numbers, prices and names
recorded. The first checks
will be out Tuesday; no
money will be refunded to
persons without tickets.
Starting today, those per
sons holding Junior Prom
tickets may sign up for their
refunds in the ASSU office,
according to Mike Wells,
Junior Class business mana
ger.
Holders should bring their
tickets to the ASSU office
through next Friday to have
numbers, prices and names
recorded. The first checks
will be out Tuesday; no
money will be refunded to
persons without tickets.
Starting today, those per
sons holding Junior Prom
tickets may sign up for their
refunds in the ASSU office,
according to Mike Wells,
Junior Class business mana
ger.
Holders should bring their
tickets to the ASSU office
through next Friday to have
numbers, prices and names
recorded. The first checks
will be out Tuesday; no
money will be refunded to
persons without tickets.
Starting today, those per
sons holding Junior Prom
tickets may sign up for their
refunds in the ASSU office,
according to Mike Wells,
Junior Class business mana
ger.
Holders should bring their
tickets to the ASSU office
through next Friday to have
numbers, prices and names
recorded. The first checks
will be out Tuesday; no
money will be refunded to
persons without tickets.
Starting today, those per
sons holding Junior Prom
tickets may sign up for their
refunds in the ASSU office,
according to Mike Wells,
Junior Class business mana
ger.
Holders should bring their
tickets to the ASSU office
through next Friday to have
numbers, prices and names
recorded. The first checks
will be out Tuesday; no
money will be refunded to
persons without tickets.
Starting today, those per
sons holding Junior Prom
tickets may sign up for their
refunds in the ASSU office,
according to Mike Wells,
Junior Class business mana
ger.
Holders should bring their
tickets to the ASSU office
through next Friday to have
numbers, prices and names
recorded. The first checks
will be out Tuesday; no
money will be refunded to
persons without tickets.
Starting today, those per
sons holding Junior Prom
tickets may sign up for their
refunds in the ASSU office,
according to Mike Wells,
Junior Class business mana
ger.
Holders should bring their
tickets to the ASSU office
through next Friday to have
numbers, prices and names
recorded. The first checks
will be out Tuesday; no
money will be refunded to
persons without tickets.
Starting today, those per
sons holding Junior Prom
tickets may sign up for their
refunds in the ASSU office,
according to Mike Wells,
Junior Class business mana
ger.
Holders should bring their
tickets to the ASSU office
through next Friday to have
numbers, prices and names
recorded. The first checks
will be out Tuesday; no
money will be refunded to
persons without tickets.
Starting today, those per
sons holding Junior Prom
tickets may sign up for their
refunds in the ASSU office,
according to Mike Wells,
Junior Class business mana
ger.
Holders should bring their
tickets to the ASSU office
through next Friday to have
numbers, prices and names
recorded. The first checks
will be out Tuesday; no
money will be refunded to
persons without tickets.
Starting today, those per
sons holding Junior Prom
tickets may sign up for their
refunds in the ASSU office,
according to Mike Wells,
Junior Class business mana
ger.
Holders should bring their
tickets to the ASSU office
through next Friday to have
numbers, prices and names
recorded. The first checks
will be out Tuesday; no
money will be refunded to
persons without tickets.
Starting today, those per
sons holding Junior Prom
tickets may sign up for their
refunds in the ASSU office,
according to Mike Wells,
Junior Class business mana
ger.
Holders should bring their
tickets to the ASSU office
through next Friday to have
numbers, prices and names
recorded. The first checks
will be out Tuesday; no
money will be refunded to
persons without tickets.
Starting today, those per
sons holding Junior Prom
tickets may sign up for their
refunds in the ASSU office,
according to Mike Wells,
Junior Class business mana
ger.
Holders should bring their
tickets to the ASSU office
through next Friday to have
numbers, prices and names
recorded. The first checks
will be out Tuesday; no
money will be refunded to
persons without tickets.
Starting today, those per
sons holding Junior Prom
tickets may sign up for their
refunds in the ASSU office,
according to Mike Wells,
Junior Class business mana
ger.
Holders should bring their
tickets to the ASSU office
through next Friday to have
numbers, prices and names
recorded. The first checks
will be out Tuesday; no
money will be refunded to
persons without tickets.
Starting today, those per
sons holding Junior Prom
tickets may sign up for their
refunds in the ASSU office,
according to Mike Wells,
Junior Class business mana
ger.
Holders should bring their
tickets to the ASSU office
through next Friday to have
numbers, prices and names
recorded. The first checks
will be out Tuesday; no
money will be refunded to
persons without tickets.
Starting today, those per
sons holding Junior Prom
tickets may sign up for their
refunds in the ASSU office,
according to Mike Wells,
Junior Class business mana
ger.
Holders should bring their
tickets to the ASSU office
through next Friday to have
numbers, prices and names
recorded. The first checks
will be out Tuesday; no
money will be refunded to
persons without tickets.
