# Netters Beat UW
## 
### 
The Stanford tennis team won a
6-1 match against the University
of Washington yesterday at Stan
ford.
The Stanford tennis team won a
6-1 match against the University
of Washington yesterday at Stan
ford.
The Stanford tennis team won a
6-1 match against the University
of Washington yesterday at Stan
ford.
The Stanford tennis team won a
6-1 match against the University
of Washington yesterday at Stan
ford.
The Stanford tennis team won a
6-1 match against the University
of Washington yesterday at Stan
ford.
The Stanford tennis team won a
6-1 match against the University
of Washington yesterday at Stan
ford.
The Stanford tennis team won a
6-1 match against the University
of Washington yesterday at Stan
ford.
The Stanford tennis team won a
6-1 match against the University
of Washington yesterday at Stan
ford.
The Stanford tennis team won a
6-1 match against the University
of Washington yesterday at Stan
ford.
The Stanford tennis team won a
6-1 match against the University
of Washington yesterday at Stan
ford.
The Stanford tennis team won a
6-1 match against the University
of Washington yesterday at Stan
ford.
The Stanford tennis team won a
6-1 match against the University
of Washington yesterday at Stan
ford.
The Stanford tennis team won a
6-1 match against the University
of Washington yesterday at Stan
ford.
The Stanford tennis team won a
6-1 match against the University
of Washington yesterday at Stan
ford.
The Stanford tennis team won a
6-1 match against the University
of Washington yesterday at Stan
ford.
The Stanford tennis team won a
6-1 match against the University
of Washington yesterday at Stan
ford.
