# Adv. 25 Page 11
## 
### 
CHJLDCARE
Child care needed 1 or more
afternoons/week. Redwood City
Janice 650-299-1744
PA family seeks good driver who
loves kids to work appx 10 hrs/
wk. Must spk fluent English,
CDL & refs reqd. Call Victoria @
650-948-1754, eve
PA family seeks nanny for 2-yr
old. Part time now, summer may
become full time. 650-322-8465
or rob@ecliDticsvs.com
PA family seeks nanny with car
for two great boys, ages 4 & 9
weekdays after school. French
speaker preferred. 799-1075
DONORS WANTED
EGG DONOR for Japanese couple:
Asian women, 21-30, high quality
education. Prefer 5'3" or
taller, 1500+ SAT or 150+ IQ
$20,000 for selected candidate.
Contact Wendy Young
or email at SPCDONORS@aoI.com
EGG DONOR needed by loving
couple: honest, kind, bright,
Jewish a +. Compensation.
