# Market Research Forms Are Due
## 
### 
Market survey questionnaires
being sent out by The Daily may
be left at the Daily Shack, the
ASSU office or given to any busi
ness staff member. It is impor
tant that these questionnaires be
turned in as soon as possible.
Market survey questionnaires
being sent out by The Daily may
be left at the Daily Shack, the
ASSU office or given to any busi
ness staff member. It is impor
tant that these questionnaires be
turned in as soon as possible.
Market survey questionnaires
being sent out by The Daily may
be left at the Daily Shack, the
ASSU office or given to any busi
ness staff member. It is impor
tant that these questionnaires be
turned in as soon as possible.
Market survey questionnaires
being sent out by The Daily may
be left at the Daily Shack, the
ASSU office or given to any busi
ness staff member. It is impor
tant that these questionnaires be
turned in as soon as possible.
Market survey questionnaires
being sent out by The Daily may
be left at the Daily Shack, the
ASSU office or given to any busi
ness staff member. It is impor
tant that these questionnaires be
turned in as soon as possible.
Market survey questionnaires
being sent out by The Daily may
be left at the Daily Shack, the
ASSU office or given to any busi
ness staff member. It is impor
tant that these questionnaires be
turned in as soon as possible.
Market survey questionnaires
being sent out by The Daily may
be left at the Daily Shack, the
ASSU office or given to any busi
ness staff member. It is impor
tant that these questionnaires be
turned in as soon as possible.
Market survey questionnaires
being sent out by The Daily may
be left at the Daily Shack, the
ASSU office or given to any busi
ness staff member. It is impor
tant that these questionnaires be
turned in as soon as possible.
Market survey questionnaires
being sent out by The Daily may
be left at the Daily Shack, the
ASSU office or given to any busi
ness staff member. It is impor
tant that these questionnaires be
turned in as soon as possible.
Market survey questionnaires
being sent out by The Daily may
be left at the Daily Shack, the
ASSU office or given to any busi
ness staff member. It is impor
tant that these questionnaires be
turned in as soon as possible.
Market survey questionnaires
being sent out by The Daily may
be left at the Daily Shack, the
ASSU office or given to any busi
ness staff member. It is impor
tant that these questionnaires be
turned in as soon as possible.
Market survey questionnaires
being sent out by The Daily may
be left at the Daily Shack, the
ASSU office or given to any busi
ness staff member. It is impor
tant that these questionnaires be
turned in as soon as possible.
Market survey questionnaires
being sent out by The Daily may
be left at the Daily Shack, the
ASSU office or given to any busi
ness staff member. It is impor
tant that these questionnaires be
turned in as soon as possible.
Market survey questionnaires
being sent out by The Daily may
be left at the Daily Shack, the
ASSU office or given to any busi
ness staff member. It is impor
tant that these questionnaires be
turned in as soon as possible.
Market survey questionnaires
being sent out by The Daily may
be left at the Daily Shack, the
ASSU office or given to any busi
ness staff member. It is impor
tant that these questionnaires be
turned in as soon as possible.
