# Adv. 29 Page 6
## 
### 
Cards
Candles
Gifts
Gags
Galore
Jiamilton
Kfei GIFT SHOP
QgjgV*BB Town A Country
Right in step
with your
big step
Plans of all kind for your wed
ding—and Modern Bride is right
there with you. Catching your ro
mantic mood with dresses for
young brides in the fresh, new
summer mood. Meeting your
practical, have-to demands with
feet-on-the ground helps for gift
to give and hint for...cooking...
tahle and room arrangements...
even booklets to send for to make
new wifery easier. The Summer
Issue offers lots more, too. A
heartful «>f honeymoon locales to
moon over —the Virgin Islands.
Canada's summer-fun provinces,
the Italian scene in and around
Venice. Tips on making yourself
more attractive, decorating to
make your home more attractive.
Features on the wedding cere
mony and a noted doctor's direct
counsel on marital basics. What
the word is on fashion, where to
go trousseau-gathering. Whether
you're flying on a cloud or rac
ing around the block, there's one
magazine that keeps pace. It's on
your newsstand now.
MODERN
BRIDE
READ THE
CLASSIFIED ADS
Cards
Candles
Gifts
Gags
Galore
Jiamilton
Kfei GIFT SHOP
QgjgV*BB Town A Country
Right in step
with your
big step
Plans of all kind for your wed
ding—and Modern Bride is right
there with you. Catching your ro
mantic mood with dresses for
young brides in the fresh, new
summer mood. Meeting your
practical, have-to demands with
feet-on-the ground helps for gift
to give and hint for...cooking...
tahle and room arrangements...
even booklets to send for to make
new wifery easier. The Summer
Issue offers lots more, too. A
heartful «>f honeymoon locales to
moon over —the Virgin Islands.
Canada's summer-fun provinces,
the Italian scene in and around
Venice. Tips on making yourself
more attractive, decorating to
make your home more attractive.
Features on the wedding cere
mony and a noted doctor's direct
counsel on marital basics. What
the word is on fashion, where to
go trousseau-gathering. Whether
you're flying on a cloud or rac
ing around the block, there's one
magazine that keeps pace. It's on
your newsstand now.
MODERN
BRIDE
READ THE
CLASSIFIED ADS
Cards
Candles
Gifts
Gags
Galore
Jiamilton
Kfei GIFT SHOP
QgjgV*BB Town A Country
Right in step
with your
big step
Plans of all kind for your wed
ding—and Modern Bride is right
there with you. Catching your ro
mantic mood with dresses for
young brides in the fresh, new
summer mood. Meeting your
practical, have-to demands with
feet-on-the ground helps for gift
to give and hint for...cooking...
tahle and room arrangements...
even booklets to send for to make
new wifery easier. The Summer
Issue offers lots more, too. A
heartful «>f honeymoon locales to
moon over —the Virgin Islands.
Canada's summer-fun provinces,
the Italian scene in and around
Venice. Tips on making yourself
more attractive, decorating to
make your home more attractive.
Features on the wedding cere
mony and a noted doctor's direct
counsel on marital basics. What
the word is on fashion, where to
go trousseau-gathering. Whether
you're flying on a cloud or rac
ing around the block, there's one
magazine that keeps pace. It's on
your newsstand now.
MODERN
BRIDE
READ THE
CLASSIFIED ADS
Cards
Candles
Gifts
Gags
Galore
Jiamilton
Kfei GIFT SHOP
QgjgV*BB Town A Country
Right in step
with your
big step
Plans of all kind for your wed
ding—and Modern Bride is right
there with you. Catching your ro
mantic mood with dresses for
young brides in the fresh, new
summer mood. Meeting your
practical, have-to demands with
feet-on-the ground helps for gift
to give and hint for...cooking...
tahle and room arrangements...
even booklets to send for to make
new wifery easier. The Summer
Issue offers lots more, too. A
heartful «>f honeymoon locales to
moon over —the Virgin Islands.
Canada's summer-fun provinces,
the Italian scene in and around
Venice. Tips on making yourself
more attractive, decorating to
make your home more attractive.
Features on the wedding cere
mony and a noted doctor's direct
counsel on marital basics. What
the word is on fashion, where to
go trousseau-gathering. Whether
you're flying on a cloud or rac
ing around the block, there's one
magazine that keeps pace. It's on
your newsstand now.
MODERN
BRIDE
READ THE
CLASSIFIED ADS
Cards
Candles
Gifts
Gags
Galore
Jiamilton
Kfei GIFT SHOP
QgjgV*BB Town A Country
Right in step
with your
big step
Plans of all kind for your wed
ding—and Modern Bride is right
there with you. Catching your ro
mantic mood with dresses for
young brides in the fresh, new
summer mood. Meeting your
practical, have-to demands with
feet-on-the ground helps for gift
to give and hint for...cooking...
tahle and room arrangements...
even booklets to send for to make
new wifery easier. The Summer
Issue offers lots more, too. A
heartful «>f honeymoon locales to
moon over —the Virgin Islands.
Canada's summer-fun provinces,
the Italian scene in and around
Venice. Tips on making yourself
more attractive, decorating to
make your home more attractive.
Features on the wedding cere
mony and a noted doctor's direct
counsel on marital basics. What
the word is on fashion, where to
go trousseau-gathering. Whether
you're flying on a cloud or rac
ing around the block, there's one
magazine that keeps pace. It's on
your newsstand now.
MODERN
BRIDE
READ THE
CLASSIFIED ADS
Cards
Candles
Gifts
Gags
Galore
Jiamilton
Kfei GIFT SHOP
QgjgV*BB Town A Country
Right in step
with your
big step
Plans of all kind for your wed
ding—and Modern Bride is right
there with you. Catching your ro
mantic mood with dresses for
young brides in the fresh, new
summer mood. Meeting your
practical, have-to demands with
feet-on-the ground helps for gift
to give and hint for...cooking...
tahle and room arrangements...
even booklets to send for to make
new wifery easier. The Summer
Issue offers lots more, too. A
heartful «>f honeymoon locales to
moon over —the Virgin Islands.
Canada's summer-fun provinces,
the Italian scene in and around
Venice. Tips on making yourself
more attractive, decorating to
make your home more attractive.
Features on the wedding cere
mony and a noted doctor's direct
counsel on marital basics. What
the word is on fashion, where to
go trousseau-gathering. Whether
you're flying on a cloud or rac
ing around the block, there's one
magazine that keeps pace. It's on
your newsstand now.
MODERN
BRIDE
READ THE
CLASSIFIED ADS
Cards
Candles
Gifts
Gags
Galore
Jiamilton
Kfei GIFT SHOP
QgjgV*BB Town A Country
Right in step
with your
big step
Plans of all kind for your wed
ding—and Modern Bride is right
there with you. Catching your ro
mantic mood with dresses for
young brides in the fresh, new
summer mood. Meeting your
practical, have-to demands with
feet-on-the ground helps for gift
to give and hint for...cooking...
tahle and room arrangements...
even booklets to send for to make
new wifery easier. The Summer
Issue offers lots more, too. A
heartful «>f honeymoon locales to
moon over —the Virgin Islands.
Canada's summer-fun provinces,
the Italian scene in and around
Venice. Tips on making yourself
more attractive, decorating to
make your home more attractive.
Features on the wedding cere
mony and a noted doctor's direct
counsel on marital basics. What
the word is on fashion, where to
go trousseau-gathering. Whether
you're flying on a cloud or rac
ing around the block, there's one
magazine that keeps pace. It's on
your newsstand now.
MODERN
BRIDE
READ THE
CLASSIFIED ADS
Cards
Candles
Gifts
Gags
Galore
Jiamilton
Kfei GIFT SHOP
QgjgV*BB Town A Country
Right in step
with your
big step
Plans of all kind for your wed
ding—and Modern Bride is right
there with you. Catching your ro
mantic mood with dresses for
young brides in the fresh, new
summer mood. Meeting your
practical, have-to demands with
feet-on-the ground helps for gift
to give and hint for...cooking...
tahle and room arrangements...
even booklets to send for to make
new wifery easier. The Summer
Issue offers lots more, too. A
heartful «>f honeymoon locales to
moon over —the Virgin Islands.
Canada's summer-fun provinces,
the Italian scene in and around
Venice. Tips on making yourself
more attractive, decorating to
make your home more attractive.
Features on the wedding cere
mony and a noted doctor's direct
counsel on marital basics. What
the word is on fashion, where to
go trousseau-gathering. Whether
you're flying on a cloud or rac
ing around the block, there's one
magazine that keeps pace. It's on
your newsstand now.
MODERN
BRIDE
READ THE
CLASSIFIED ADS
Cards
Candles
Gifts
Gags
Galore
Jiamilton
Kfei GIFT SHOP
QgjgV*BB Town A Country
Right in step
with your
big step
Plans of all kind for your wed
ding—and Modern Bride is right
there with you. Catching your ro
mantic mood with dresses for
young brides in the fresh, new
summer mood. Meeting your
practical, have-to demands with
feet-on-the ground helps for gift
to give and hint for...cooking...
tahle and room arrangements...
even booklets to send for to make
new wifery easier. The Summer
Issue offers lots more, too. A
heartful «>f honeymoon locales to
moon over —the Virgin Islands.
Canada's summer-fun provinces,
the Italian scene in and around
Venice. Tips on making yourself
more attractive, decorating to
make your home more attractive.
Features on the wedding cere
mony and a noted doctor's direct
counsel on marital basics. What
the word is on fashion, where to
go trousseau-gathering. Whether
you're flying on a cloud or rac
ing around the block, there's one
magazine that keeps pace. It's on
your newsstand now.
MODERN
BRIDE
READ THE
CLASSIFIED ADS
Cards
Candles
Gifts
Gags
Galore
Jiamilton
Kfei GIFT SHOP
QgjgV*BB Town A Country
Right in step
with your
big step
Plans of all kind for your wed
ding—and Modern Bride is right
there with you. Catching your ro
mantic mood with dresses for
young brides in the fresh, new
summer mood. Meeting your
practical, have-to demands with
feet-on-the ground helps for gift
to give and hint for...cooking...
tahle and room arrangements...
even booklets to send for to make
new wifery easier. The Summer
Issue offers lots more, too. A
heartful «>f honeymoon locales to
moon over —the Virgin Islands.
Canada's summer-fun provinces,
the Italian scene in and around
Venice. Tips on making yourself
more attractive, decorating to
make your home more attractive.
Features on the wedding cere
mony and a noted doctor's direct
counsel on marital basics. What
the word is on fashion, where to
go trousseau-gathering. Whether
you're flying on a cloud or rac
ing around the block, there's one
magazine that keeps pace. It's on
your newsstand now.
MODERN
BRIDE
READ THE
CLASSIFIED ADS
Cards
Candles
Gifts
Gags
Galore
Jiamilton
Kfei GIFT SHOP
QgjgV*BB Town A Country
Right in step
with your
big step
Plans of all kind for your wed
ding—and Modern Bride is right
there with you. Catching your ro
mantic mood with dresses for
young brides in the fresh, new
summer mood. Meeting your
practical, have-to demands with
feet-on-the ground helps for gift
to give and hint for...cooking...
tahle and room arrangements...
even booklets to send for to make
new wifery easier. The Summer
Issue offers lots more, too. A
heartful «>f honeymoon locales to
moon over —the Virgin Islands.
Canada's summer-fun provinces,
the Italian scene in and around
Venice. Tips on making yourself
more attractive, decorating to
make your home more attractive.
Features on the wedding cere
mony and a noted doctor's direct
counsel on marital basics. What
the word is on fashion, where to
go trousseau-gathering. Whether
you're flying on a cloud or rac
ing around the block, there's one
magazine that keeps pace. It's on
your newsstand now.
MODERN
BRIDE
READ THE
CLASSIFIED ADS
Cards
Candles
Gifts
Gags
Galore
Jiamilton
Kfei GIFT SHOP
QgjgV*BB Town A Country
Right in step
with your
big step
Plans of all kind for your wed
ding—and Modern Bride is right
there with you. Catching your ro
mantic mood with dresses for
young brides in the fresh, new
summer mood. Meeting your
practical, have-to demands with
feet-on-the ground helps for gift
to give and hint for...cooking...
tahle and room arrangements...
even booklets to send for to make
new wifery easier. The Summer
Issue offers lots more, too. A
heartful «>f honeymoon locales to
moon over —the Virgin Islands.
Canada's summer-fun provinces,
the Italian scene in and around
Venice. Tips on making yourself
more attractive, decorating to
make your home more attractive.
Features on the wedding cere
mony and a noted doctor's direct
counsel on marital basics. What
the word is on fashion, where to
go trousseau-gathering. Whether
you're flying on a cloud or rac
ing around the block, there's one
magazine that keeps pace. It's on
your newsstand now.
MODERN
BRIDE
READ THE
CLASSIFIED ADS
Cards
Candles
Gifts
Gags
Galore
Jiamilton
Kfei GIFT SHOP
QgjgV*BB Town A Country
Right in step
with your
big step
Plans of all kind for your wed
ding—and Modern Bride is right
there with you. Catching your ro
mantic mood with dresses for
young brides in the fresh, new
summer mood. Meeting your
practical, have-to demands with
feet-on-the ground helps for gift
to give and hint for...cooking...
tahle and room arrangements...
even booklets to send for to make
new wifery easier. The Summer
Issue offers lots more, too. A
heartful «>f honeymoon locales to
moon over —the Virgin Islands.
Canada's summer-fun provinces,
the Italian scene in and around
Venice. Tips on making yourself
more attractive, decorating to
make your home more attractive.
Features on the wedding cere
mony and a noted doctor's direct
counsel on marital basics. What
the word is on fashion, where to
go trousseau-gathering. Whether
you're flying on a cloud or rac
ing around the block, there's one
magazine that keeps pace. It's on
your newsstand now.
MODERN
BRIDE
READ THE
CLASSIFIED ADS
Cards
Candles
Gifts
Gags
Galore
Jiamilton
Kfei GIFT SHOP
QgjgV*BB Town A Country
Right in step
with your
big step
Plans of all kind for your wed
ding—and Modern Bride is right
there with you. Catching your ro
mantic mood with dresses for
young brides in the fresh, new
summer mood. Meeting your
practical, have-to demands with
feet-on-the ground helps for gift
to give and hint for...cooking...
tahle and room arrangements...
even booklets to send for to make
new wifery easier. The Summer
Issue offers lots more, too. A
heartful «>f honeymoon locales to
moon over —the Virgin Islands.
Canada's summer-fun provinces,
the Italian scene in and around
Venice. Tips on making yourself
more attractive, decorating to
make your home more attractive.
Features on the wedding cere
mony and a noted doctor's direct
counsel on marital basics. What
the word is on fashion, where to
go trousseau-gathering. Whether
you're flying on a cloud or rac
ing around the block, there's one
magazine that keeps pace. It's on
your newsstand now.
MODERN
BRIDE
READ THE
CLASSIFIED ADS
Cards
Candles
Gifts
Gags
Galore
Jiamilton
Kfei GIFT SHOP
QgjgV*BB Town A Country
Right in step
with your
big step
Plans of all kind for your wed
ding—and Modern Bride is right
there with you. Catching your ro
mantic mood with dresses for
young brides in the fresh, new
summer mood. Meeting your
practical, have-to demands with
feet-on-the ground helps for gift
to give and hint for...cooking...
tahle and room arrangements...
even booklets to send for to make
new wifery easier. The Summer
Issue offers lots more, too. A
heartful «>f honeymoon locales to
moon over —the Virgin Islands.
Canada's summer-fun provinces,
the Italian scene in and around
Venice. Tips on making yourself
more attractive, decorating to
make your home more attractive.
Features on the wedding cere
mony and a noted doctor's direct
counsel on marital basics. What
the word is on fashion, where to
go trousseau-gathering. Whether
you're flying on a cloud or rac
ing around the block, there's one
magazine that keeps pace. It's on
your newsstand now.
MODERN
BRIDE
READ THE
CLASSIFIED ADS
