# Weather:
## 
### 
Mostly cloudy and cool through tonight with local drizzle
nights and mornings. Chance of showers today and tonight.
Partly cloudy and a little warmer tomorrow. Lows upper 40s
to mid 50s. Highs upper 50s and 60s today, and in the 60s to
low 70s inland tomorrow. Chance of showers 30 percent today
and tonight.
Mostly cloudy and cool through tonight with local drizzle
nights and mornings. Chance of showers today and tonight.
Partly cloudy and a little warmer tomorrow. Lows upper 40s
to mid 50s. Highs upper 50s and 60s today, and in the 60s to
low 70s inland tomorrow. Chance of showers 30 percent today
and tonight.
Mostly cloudy and cool through tonight with local drizzle
nights and mornings. Chance of showers today and tonight.
Partly cloudy and a little warmer tomorrow. Lows upper 40s
to mid 50s. Highs upper 50s and 60s today, and in the 60s to
low 70s inland tomorrow. Chance of showers 30 percent today
and tonight.
Mostly cloudy and cool through tonight with local drizzle
nights and mornings. Chance of showers today and tonight.
Partly cloudy and a little warmer tomorrow. Lows upper 40s
to mid 50s. Highs upper 50s and 60s today, and in the 60s to
low 70s inland tomorrow. Chance of showers 30 percent today
and tonight.
Mostly cloudy and cool through tonight with local drizzle
nights and mornings. Chance of showers today and tonight.
Partly cloudy and a little warmer tomorrow. Lows upper 40s
to mid 50s. Highs upper 50s and 60s today, and in the 60s to
low 70s inland tomorrow. Chance of showers 30 percent today
and tonight.
Mostly cloudy and cool through tonight with local drizzle
nights and mornings. Chance of showers today and tonight.
Partly cloudy and a little warmer tomorrow. Lows upper 40s
to mid 50s. Highs upper 50s and 60s today, and in the 60s to
low 70s inland tomorrow. Chance of showers 30 percent today
and tonight.
Mostly cloudy and cool through tonight with local drizzle
nights and mornings. Chance of showers today and tonight.
Partly cloudy and a little warmer tomorrow. Lows upper 40s
to mid 50s. Highs upper 50s and 60s today, and in the 60s to
low 70s inland tomorrow. Chance of showers 30 percent today
and tonight.
Mostly cloudy and cool through tonight with local drizzle
nights and mornings. Chance of showers today and tonight.
Partly cloudy and a little warmer tomorrow. Lows upper 40s
to mid 50s. Highs upper 50s and 60s today, and in the 60s to
low 70s inland tomorrow. Chance of showers 30 percent today
and tonight.
Mostly cloudy and cool through tonight with local drizzle
nights and mornings. Chance of showers today and tonight.
Partly cloudy and a little warmer tomorrow. Lows upper 40s
to mid 50s. Highs upper 50s and 60s today, and in the 60s to
low 70s inland tomorrow. Chance of showers 30 percent today
and tonight.
