# Adv. 25 Page 4
## 
### 
BY POPULAR DEMAND
Palo Alto
Community
Players
will repeat
"REUNION IN
VIENNA"
By Robert Sherwood
with Doctor Margery Bailey
and Virginia Rogers
•
CIVIC THEATRE
1305 Middlefield
TONICHT AT 8:15 P.M.
RESERVED SEATS 50c
DIAL P.A. 22161
BY POPULAR DEMAND
Palo Alto
Community
Players
will repeat
"REUNION IN
VIENNA"
By Robert Sherwood
with Doctor Margery Bailey
and Virginia Rogers
•
CIVIC THEATRE
1305 Middlefield
TONICHT AT 8:15 P.M.
RESERVED SEATS 50c
DIAL P.A. 22161
BY POPULAR DEMAND
Palo Alto
Community
Players
will repeat
"REUNION IN
VIENNA"
By Robert Sherwood
with Doctor Margery Bailey
and Virginia Rogers
•
CIVIC THEATRE
1305 Middlefield
TONICHT AT 8:15 P.M.
RESERVED SEATS 50c
DIAL P.A. 22161
BY POPULAR DEMAND
Palo Alto
Community
Players
will repeat
"REUNION IN
VIENNA"
By Robert Sherwood
with Doctor Margery Bailey
and Virginia Rogers
•
CIVIC THEATRE
1305 Middlefield
TONICHT AT 8:15 P.M.
RESERVED SEATS 50c
DIAL P.A. 22161
BY POPULAR DEMAND
Palo Alto
Community
Players
will repeat
"REUNION IN
VIENNA"
By Robert Sherwood
with Doctor Margery Bailey
and Virginia Rogers
•
CIVIC THEATRE
1305 Middlefield
TONICHT AT 8:15 P.M.
RESERVED SEATS 50c
DIAL P.A. 22161
BY POPULAR DEMAND
Palo Alto
Community
Players
will repeat
"REUNION IN
VIENNA"
By Robert Sherwood
with Doctor Margery Bailey
and Virginia Rogers
•
CIVIC THEATRE
1305 Middlefield
TONICHT AT 8:15 P.M.
RESERVED SEATS 50c
DIAL P.A. 22161
BY POPULAR DEMAND
Palo Alto
Community
Players
will repeat
"REUNION IN
VIENNA"
By Robert Sherwood
with Doctor Margery Bailey
and Virginia Rogers
•
CIVIC THEATRE
1305 Middlefield
TONICHT AT 8:15 P.M.
RESERVED SEATS 50c
DIAL P.A. 22161
BY POPULAR DEMAND
Palo Alto
Community
Players
will repeat
"REUNION IN
VIENNA"
By Robert Sherwood
with Doctor Margery Bailey
and Virginia Rogers
•
CIVIC THEATRE
1305 Middlefield
TONICHT AT 8:15 P.M.
RESERVED SEATS 50c
DIAL P.A. 22161
BY POPULAR DEMAND
Palo Alto
Community
Players
will repeat
"REUNION IN
VIENNA"
By Robert Sherwood
with Doctor Margery Bailey
and Virginia Rogers
•
CIVIC THEATRE
1305 Middlefield
TONICHT AT 8:15 P.M.
RESERVED SEATS 50c
DIAL P.A. 22161
BY POPULAR DEMAND
Palo Alto
Community
Players
will repeat
"REUNION IN
VIENNA"
By Robert Sherwood
with Doctor Margery Bailey
and Virginia Rogers
•
CIVIC THEATRE
1305 Middlefield
TONICHT AT 8:15 P.M.
RESERVED SEATS 50c
DIAL P.A. 22161
BY POPULAR DEMAND
Palo Alto
Community
Players
will repeat
"REUNION IN
VIENNA"
By Robert Sherwood
with Doctor Margery Bailey
and Virginia Rogers
•
CIVIC THEATRE
1305 Middlefield
TONICHT AT 8:15 P.M.
RESERVED SEATS 50c
DIAL P.A. 22161
BY POPULAR DEMAND
Palo Alto
Community
Players
will repeat
"REUNION IN
VIENNA"
By Robert Sherwood
with Doctor Margery Bailey
and Virginia Rogers
•
CIVIC THEATRE
1305 Middlefield
TONICHT AT 8:15 P.M.
RESERVED SEATS 50c
DIAL P.A. 22161
BY POPULAR DEMAND
Palo Alto
Community
Players
will repeat
"REUNION IN
VIENNA"
By Robert Sherwood
with Doctor Margery Bailey
and Virginia Rogers
•
CIVIC THEATRE
1305 Middlefield
TONICHT AT 8:15 P.M.
RESERVED SEATS 50c
DIAL P.A. 22161
BY POPULAR DEMAND
Palo Alto
Community
Players
will repeat
"REUNION IN
VIENNA"
By Robert Sherwood
with Doctor Margery Bailey
and Virginia Rogers
•
CIVIC THEATRE
1305 Middlefield
TONICHT AT 8:15 P.M.
RESERVED SEATS 50c
DIAL P.A. 22161
BY POPULAR DEMAND
Palo Alto
Community
Players
will repeat
"REUNION IN
VIENNA"
By Robert Sherwood
with Doctor Margery Bailey
and Virginia Rogers
•
CIVIC THEATRE
1305 Middlefield
TONICHT AT 8:15 P.M.
RESERVED SEATS 50c
DIAL P.A. 22161
BY POPULAR DEMAND
Palo Alto
Community
Players
will repeat
"REUNION IN
VIENNA"
By Robert Sherwood
with Doctor Margery Bailey
and Virginia Rogers
•
CIVIC THEATRE
1305 Middlefield
TONICHT AT 8:15 P.M.
RESERVED SEATS 50c
DIAL P.A. 22161
BY POPULAR DEMAND
Palo Alto
Community
Players
will repeat
"REUNION IN
VIENNA"
By Robert Sherwood
with Doctor Margery Bailey
and Virginia Rogers
•
CIVIC THEATRE
1305 Middlefield
TONICHT AT 8:15 P.M.
RESERVED SEATS 50c
DIAL P.A. 22161
