# CHICAGO BEARS WIN
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Oct. 17 (U.R). — The
Chicago Bears defeated their city
rivals, the Cardinals, 1G to 7, in a
National Professional League foot
ball game today before 23,000 fans
at the Cubs' park.

Stan Giraitis of Washington Col
lege, Md., made five field goals in
59 seconds of a basketball game in
1929.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17 (U.R). — The
Chicago Bears defeated their city
rivals, the Cardinals, 1G to 7, in a
National Professional League foot
ball game today before 23,000 fans
at the Cubs' park.

Stan Giraitis of Washington Col
lege, Md., made five field goals in
59 seconds of a basketball game in
1929.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17 (U.R). — The
Chicago Bears defeated their city
rivals, the Cardinals, 1G to 7, in a
National Professional League foot
ball game today before 23,000 fans
at the Cubs' park.

Stan Giraitis of Washington Col
lege, Md., made five field goals in
59 seconds of a basketball game in
1929.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17 (U.R). — The
Chicago Bears defeated their city
rivals, the Cardinals, 1G to 7, in a
National Professional League foot
ball game today before 23,000 fans
at the Cubs' park.

Stan Giraitis of Washington Col
lege, Md., made five field goals in
59 seconds of a basketball game in
1929.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17 (U.R). — The
Chicago Bears defeated their city
rivals, the Cardinals, 1G to 7, in a
National Professional League foot
ball game today before 23,000 fans
at the Cubs' park.

Stan Giraitis of Washington Col
lege, Md., made five field goals in
59 seconds of a basketball game in
1929.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17 (U.R). — The
Chicago Bears defeated their city
rivals, the Cardinals, 1G to 7, in a
National Professional League foot
ball game today before 23,000 fans
at the Cubs' park.

Stan Giraitis of Washington Col
lege, Md., made five field goals in
59 seconds of a basketball game in
1929.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17 (U.R). — The
Chicago Bears defeated their city
rivals, the Cardinals, 1G to 7, in a
National Professional League foot
ball game today before 23,000 fans
at the Cubs' park.

Stan Giraitis of Washington Col
lege, Md., made five field goals in
59 seconds of a basketball game in
1929.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17 (U.R). — The
Chicago Bears defeated their city
rivals, the Cardinals, 1G to 7, in a
National Professional League foot
ball game today before 23,000 fans
at the Cubs' park.

Stan Giraitis of Washington Col
lege, Md., made five field goals in
59 seconds of a basketball game in
1929.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17 (U.R). — The
Chicago Bears defeated their city
rivals, the Cardinals, 1G to 7, in a
National Professional League foot
ball game today before 23,000 fans
at the Cubs' park.

Stan Giraitis of Washington Col
lege, Md., made five field goals in
59 seconds of a basketball game in
1929.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17 (U.R). — The
Chicago Bears defeated their city
rivals, the Cardinals, 1G to 7, in a
National Professional League foot
ball game today before 23,000 fans
at the Cubs' park.

Stan Giraitis of Washington Col
lege, Md., made five field goals in
59 seconds of a basketball game in
1929.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17 (U.R). — The
Chicago Bears defeated their city
rivals, the Cardinals, 1G to 7, in a
National Professional League foot
ball game today before 23,000 fans
at the Cubs' park.

Stan Giraitis of Washington Col
lege, Md., made five field goals in
59 seconds of a basketball game in
1929.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17 (U.R). — The
Chicago Bears defeated their city
rivals, the Cardinals, 1G to 7, in a
National Professional League foot
ball game today before 23,000 fans
at the Cubs' park.

Stan Giraitis of Washington Col
lege, Md., made five field goals in
59 seconds of a basketball game in
1929.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17 (U.R). — The
Chicago Bears defeated their city
rivals, the Cardinals, 1G to 7, in a
National Professional League foot
ball game today before 23,000 fans
at the Cubs' park.

Stan Giraitis of Washington Col
lege, Md., made five field goals in
59 seconds of a basketball game in
1929.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17 (U.R). — The
Chicago Bears defeated their city
rivals, the Cardinals, 1G to 7, in a
National Professional League foot
ball game today before 23,000 fans
at the Cubs' park.

Stan Giraitis of Washington Col
lege, Md., made five field goals in
59 seconds of a basketball game in
1929.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17 (U.R). — The
Chicago Bears defeated their city
rivals, the Cardinals, 1G to 7, in a
National Professional League foot
ball game today before 23,000 fans
at the Cubs' park.

Stan Giraitis of Washington Col
lege, Md., made five field goals in
59 seconds of a basketball game in
1929.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17 (U.R). — The
Chicago Bears defeated their city
rivals, the Cardinals, 1G to 7, in a
National Professional League foot
ball game today before 23,000 fans
at the Cubs' park.

Stan Giraitis of Washington Col
lege, Md., made five field goals in
59 seconds of a basketball game in
1929.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17 (U.R). — The
Chicago Bears defeated their city
rivals, the Cardinals, 1G to 7, in a
National Professional League foot
ball game today before 23,000 fans
at the Cubs' park.

Stan Giraitis of Washington Col
lege, Md., made five field goals in
59 seconds of a basketball game in
1929.
