# WIFE OF HARDY DIES
## 
### 
DORCHESTER, Eng., Oct. 17 (U.R).
—Mrs. Florence Dugdale Hardy, 57,
widow of Thomas Hardy, British
writer, died today after a long ill
ness.
DORCHESTER, Eng., Oct. 17 (U.R).
—Mrs. Florence Dugdale Hardy, 57,
widow of Thomas Hardy, British
writer, died today after a long ill
ness.
DORCHESTER, Eng., Oct. 17 (U.R).
—Mrs. Florence Dugdale Hardy, 57,
widow of Thomas Hardy, British
writer, died today after a long ill
ness.
DORCHESTER, Eng., Oct. 17 (U.R).
—Mrs. Florence Dugdale Hardy, 57,
widow of Thomas Hardy, British
writer, died today after a long ill
ness.
DORCHESTER, Eng., Oct. 17 (U.R).
—Mrs. Florence Dugdale Hardy, 57,
widow of Thomas Hardy, British
writer, died today after a long ill
ness.
DORCHESTER, Eng., Oct. 17 (U.R).
—Mrs. Florence Dugdale Hardy, 57,
widow of Thomas Hardy, British
writer, died today after a long ill
ness.
DORCHESTER, Eng., Oct. 17 (U.R).
—Mrs. Florence Dugdale Hardy, 57,
widow of Thomas Hardy, British
writer, died today after a long ill
ness.
DORCHESTER, Eng., Oct. 17 (U.R).
—Mrs. Florence Dugdale Hardy, 57,
widow of Thomas Hardy, British
writer, died today after a long ill
ness.
DORCHESTER, Eng., Oct. 17 (U.R).
—Mrs. Florence Dugdale Hardy, 57,
widow of Thomas Hardy, British
writer, died today after a long ill
ness.
DORCHESTER, Eng., Oct. 17 (U.R).
—Mrs. Florence Dugdale Hardy, 57,
widow of Thomas Hardy, British
writer, died today after a long ill
ness.
DORCHESTER, Eng., Oct. 17 (U.R).
—Mrs. Florence Dugdale Hardy, 57,
widow of Thomas Hardy, British
writer, died today after a long ill
ness.
DORCHESTER, Eng., Oct. 17 (U.R).
—Mrs. Florence Dugdale Hardy, 57,
widow of Thomas Hardy, British
writer, died today after a long ill
ness.
DORCHESTER, Eng., Oct. 17 (U.R).
—Mrs. Florence Dugdale Hardy, 57,
widow of Thomas Hardy, British
writer, died today after a long ill
ness.
DORCHESTER, Eng., Oct. 17 (U.R).
—Mrs. Florence Dugdale Hardy, 57,
widow of Thomas Hardy, British
writer, died today after a long ill
ness.
DORCHESTER, Eng., Oct. 17 (U.R).
—Mrs. Florence Dugdale Hardy, 57,
widow of Thomas Hardy, British
writer, died today after a long ill
ness.
DORCHESTER, Eng., Oct. 17 (U.R).
—Mrs. Florence Dugdale Hardy, 57,
widow of Thomas Hardy, British
writer, died today after a long ill
ness.
DORCHESTER, Eng., Oct. 17 (U.R).
—Mrs. Florence Dugdale Hardy, 57,
widow of Thomas Hardy, British
writer, died today after a long ill
ness.
