# Wilbur To Speak On World Outlook
## 
### 
"The World Outlook" will be the
subject of an address by Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur before the Stanford
Group of the World Foundation at
the Faculty Clubhouse Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock, according to
Chairman Ralph H. Lutz.
Professor Graham Stuart of the
political science department will
speak on "The International Postal
Union and Other Non-Political
Agencies." Professor Percy Martin
of the history department will dis
cuss "Pan Americanism and Our
Interamerican Relations."
The Stanford group is the third so
far organized in the world, others
being in London and New York.
Professor Lutz announces that all
members of the faculty and student
body are invited to attend the
meeting.
"The World Outlook" will be the
subject of an address by Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur before the Stanford
Group of the World Foundation at
the Faculty Clubhouse Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock, according to
Chairman Ralph H. Lutz.
Professor Graham Stuart of the
political science department will
speak on "The International Postal
Union and Other Non-Political
Agencies." Professor Percy Martin
of the history department will dis
cuss "Pan Americanism and Our
Interamerican Relations."
The Stanford group is the third so
far organized in the world, others
being in London and New York.
Professor Lutz announces that all
members of the faculty and student
body are invited to attend the
meeting.
"The World Outlook" will be the
subject of an address by Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur before the Stanford
Group of the World Foundation at
the Faculty Clubhouse Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock, according to
Chairman Ralph H. Lutz.
Professor Graham Stuart of the
political science department will
speak on "The International Postal
Union and Other Non-Political
Agencies." Professor Percy Martin
of the history department will dis
cuss "Pan Americanism and Our
Interamerican Relations."
The Stanford group is the third so
far organized in the world, others
being in London and New York.
Professor Lutz announces that all
members of the faculty and student
body are invited to attend the
meeting.
"The World Outlook" will be the
subject of an address by Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur before the Stanford
Group of the World Foundation at
the Faculty Clubhouse Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock, according to
Chairman Ralph H. Lutz.
Professor Graham Stuart of the
political science department will
speak on "The International Postal
Union and Other Non-Political
Agencies." Professor Percy Martin
of the history department will dis
cuss "Pan Americanism and Our
Interamerican Relations."
The Stanford group is the third so
far organized in the world, others
being in London and New York.
Professor Lutz announces that all
members of the faculty and student
body are invited to attend the
meeting.
"The World Outlook" will be the
subject of an address by Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur before the Stanford
Group of the World Foundation at
the Faculty Clubhouse Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock, according to
Chairman Ralph H. Lutz.
Professor Graham Stuart of the
political science department will
speak on "The International Postal
Union and Other Non-Political
Agencies." Professor Percy Martin
of the history department will dis
cuss "Pan Americanism and Our
Interamerican Relations."
The Stanford group is the third so
far organized in the world, others
being in London and New York.
Professor Lutz announces that all
members of the faculty and student
body are invited to attend the
meeting.
"The World Outlook" will be the
subject of an address by Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur before the Stanford
Group of the World Foundation at
the Faculty Clubhouse Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock, according to
Chairman Ralph H. Lutz.
Professor Graham Stuart of the
political science department will
speak on "The International Postal
Union and Other Non-Political
Agencies." Professor Percy Martin
of the history department will dis
cuss "Pan Americanism and Our
Interamerican Relations."
The Stanford group is the third so
far organized in the world, others
being in London and New York.
Professor Lutz announces that all
members of the faculty and student
body are invited to attend the
meeting.
"The World Outlook" will be the
subject of an address by Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur before the Stanford
Group of the World Foundation at
the Faculty Clubhouse Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock, according to
Chairman Ralph H. Lutz.
Professor Graham Stuart of the
political science department will
speak on "The International Postal
Union and Other Non-Political
Agencies." Professor Percy Martin
of the history department will dis
cuss "Pan Americanism and Our
Interamerican Relations."
The Stanford group is the third so
far organized in the world, others
being in London and New York.
Professor Lutz announces that all
members of the faculty and student
body are invited to attend the
meeting.
"The World Outlook" will be the
subject of an address by Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur before the Stanford
Group of the World Foundation at
the Faculty Clubhouse Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock, according to
Chairman Ralph H. Lutz.
Professor Graham Stuart of the
political science department will
speak on "The International Postal
Union and Other Non-Political
Agencies." Professor Percy Martin
of the history department will dis
cuss "Pan Americanism and Our
Interamerican Relations."
The Stanford group is the third so
far organized in the world, others
being in London and New York.
Professor Lutz announces that all
members of the faculty and student
body are invited to attend the
meeting.
"The World Outlook" will be the
subject of an address by Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur before the Stanford
Group of the World Foundation at
the Faculty Clubhouse Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock, according to
Chairman Ralph H. Lutz.
Professor Graham Stuart of the
political science department will
speak on "The International Postal
Union and Other Non-Political
Agencies." Professor Percy Martin
of the history department will dis
cuss "Pan Americanism and Our
Interamerican Relations."
The Stanford group is the third so
far organized in the world, others
being in London and New York.
Professor Lutz announces that all
members of the faculty and student
body are invited to attend the
meeting.
"The World Outlook" will be the
subject of an address by Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur before the Stanford
Group of the World Foundation at
the Faculty Clubhouse Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock, according to
Chairman Ralph H. Lutz.
Professor Graham Stuart of the
political science department will
speak on "The International Postal
Union and Other Non-Political
Agencies." Professor Percy Martin
of the history department will dis
cuss "Pan Americanism and Our
Interamerican Relations."
The Stanford group is the third so
far organized in the world, others
being in London and New York.
Professor Lutz announces that all
members of the faculty and student
body are invited to attend the
meeting.
"The World Outlook" will be the
subject of an address by Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur before the Stanford
Group of the World Foundation at
the Faculty Clubhouse Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock, according to
Chairman Ralph H. Lutz.
Professor Graham Stuart of the
political science department will
speak on "The International Postal
Union and Other Non-Political
Agencies." Professor Percy Martin
of the history department will dis
cuss "Pan Americanism and Our
Interamerican Relations."
The Stanford group is the third so
far organized in the world, others
being in London and New York.
Professor Lutz announces that all
members of the faculty and student
body are invited to attend the
meeting.
"The World Outlook" will be the
subject of an address by Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur before the Stanford
Group of the World Foundation at
the Faculty Clubhouse Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock, according to
Chairman Ralph H. Lutz.
Professor Graham Stuart of the
political science department will
speak on "The International Postal
Union and Other Non-Political
Agencies." Professor Percy Martin
of the history department will dis
cuss "Pan Americanism and Our
Interamerican Relations."
The Stanford group is the third so
far organized in the world, others
being in London and New York.
Professor Lutz announces that all
members of the faculty and student
body are invited to attend the
meeting.
"The World Outlook" will be the
subject of an address by Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur before the Stanford
Group of the World Foundation at
the Faculty Clubhouse Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock, according to
Chairman Ralph H. Lutz.
Professor Graham Stuart of the
political science department will
speak on "The International Postal
Union and Other Non-Political
Agencies." Professor Percy Martin
of the history department will dis
cuss "Pan Americanism and Our
Interamerican Relations."
The Stanford group is the third so
far organized in the world, others
being in London and New York.
Professor Lutz announces that all
members of the faculty and student
body are invited to attend the
meeting.
"The World Outlook" will be the
subject of an address by Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur before the Stanford
Group of the World Foundation at
the Faculty Clubhouse Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock, according to
Chairman Ralph H. Lutz.
Professor Graham Stuart of the
political science department will
speak on "The International Postal
Union and Other Non-Political
Agencies." Professor Percy Martin
of the history department will dis
cuss "Pan Americanism and Our
Interamerican Relations."
The Stanford group is the third so
far organized in the world, others
being in London and New York.
Professor Lutz announces that all
members of the faculty and student
body are invited to attend the
meeting.
"The World Outlook" will be the
subject of an address by Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur before the Stanford
Group of the World Foundation at
the Faculty Clubhouse Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock, according to
Chairman Ralph H. Lutz.
Professor Graham Stuart of the
political science department will
speak on "The International Postal
Union and Other Non-Political
Agencies." Professor Percy Martin
of the history department will dis
cuss "Pan Americanism and Our
Interamerican Relations."
The Stanford group is the third so
far organized in the world, others
being in London and New York.
Professor Lutz announces that all
members of the faculty and student
body are invited to attend the
meeting.
"The World Outlook" will be the
subject of an address by Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur before the Stanford
Group of the World Foundation at
the Faculty Clubhouse Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock, according to
Chairman Ralph H. Lutz.
Professor Graham Stuart of the
political science department will
speak on "The International Postal
Union and Other Non-Political
Agencies." Professor Percy Martin
of the history department will dis
cuss "Pan Americanism and Our
Interamerican Relations."
The Stanford group is the third so
far organized in the world, others
being in London and New York.
Professor Lutz announces that all
members of the faculty and student
body are invited to attend the
meeting.
"The World Outlook" will be the
subject of an address by Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur before the Stanford
Group of the World Foundation at
the Faculty Clubhouse Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock, according to
Chairman Ralph H. Lutz.
Professor Graham Stuart of the
political science department will
speak on "The International Postal
Union and Other Non-Political
Agencies." Professor Percy Martin
of the history department will dis
cuss "Pan Americanism and Our
Interamerican Relations."
The Stanford group is the third so
far organized in the world, others
being in London and New York.
Professor Lutz announces that all
members of the faculty and student
body are invited to attend the
meeting.
