# Activism Discouraged
## 
### 
CHICAGO (CPS) — Uni
versities are not living the
values that they ostensibly
stand for. a panel agreed at
the national conference of
the Association for Iligher
Fducation last Monday,
April XJO.
Although universities are
supposed to be dealing with
the most important ideas of
the day, they instead dis
courage active involvement
—and in many cases even
discussion —of these issues,
was the consensus that em
erged from a two-hour dis
cussion of the role of the
college in developing demo
cratic values.
College faculty members
and administrators as well
as society at large were
criticized for failing to en
courage active involvement
through concrete experience
in the most important proh
lenis of society.
William Coffin, Jr., Yale's
freedom ri d i u g chaplain,
who recently was jailed in
a Florida civil rights trip
with Mrs. Peabody, the
mother of the governor of
Massachusetts, was th e
session's featured speaker.
Students find higher edu
cation meaningless because
educators avoid th e key
issues of society — in fact
they are paid to avoid them,
Coffin said.
The failure of universities
to stimulate involvement in
important activities lias led
to failures in educating stu
dents properly. Only by con-

Crete involvement can stu
dents develop a sense of
values, lie said.
Coffin criticized campuses
for allowing extra-curricu
lar activities to exist that
'promote the values that
universities are trying to
counter in the classrooms."
Fraternities, for example,
"for the most part are moo
uments to irrelevancy in
1964," lie said.
He urged support for "im
portant" extracurricular ac
tivities — those that "try to
stimulate an interest in pol
ity."
.More students have to
choose "radical" prof e s
sions, said Coffin. Now, too
in an y choose attractive,
rather than important jobs.
This is partly a result of
universities' public-relations
preoccupation with sexual
morality rather than voca
tional morality, which
should be of greater natural
concern, he said.
Stephen 'I Wrigld, presi
dent of Fisk University,
charged that "our college
catalogues are fictions,"
containing "little to buttress
our allegation that we are
trying to develop certain
kinds of men."
"Universities are not com
mitted to anything and as a
result students are not com
mitted to anything" com
mented Marian Wright, an
alumna of Fisk and Vale
and currently a lawyer for
the NAACP Legal Defense
and Fducation Fund.
CHICAGO (CPS) — Uni
versities are not living the
values that they ostensibly
stand for. a panel agreed at
the national conference of
the Association for Iligher
Fducation last Monday,
April XJO.
Although universities are
supposed to be dealing with
the most important ideas of
the day, they instead dis
courage active involvement
—and in many cases even
discussion —of these issues,
was the consensus that em
erged from a two-hour dis
cussion of the role of the
college in developing demo
cratic values.
College faculty members
and administrators as well
as society at large were
criticized for failing to en
courage active involvement
through concrete experience
in the most important proh
lenis of society.
William Coffin, Jr., Yale's
freedom ri d i u g chaplain,
who recently was jailed in
a Florida civil rights trip
with Mrs. Peabody, the
mother of the governor of
Massachusetts, was th e
session's featured speaker.
Students find higher edu
cation meaningless because
educators avoid th e key
issues of society — in fact
they are paid to avoid them,
Coffin said.
The failure of universities
to stimulate involvement in
important activities lias led
to failures in educating stu
dents properly. Only by con-

Crete involvement can stu
dents develop a sense of
values, lie said.
Coffin criticized campuses
for allowing extra-curricu
lar activities to exist that
'promote the values that
universities are trying to
counter in the classrooms."
Fraternities, for example,
"for the most part are moo
uments to irrelevancy in
1964," lie said.
He urged support for "im
portant" extracurricular ac
tivities — those that "try to
stimulate an interest in pol
ity."
.More students have to
choose "radical" prof e s
sions, said Coffin. Now, too
in an y choose attractive,
rather than important jobs.
This is partly a result of
universities' public-relations
preoccupation with sexual
morality rather than voca
tional morality, which
should be of greater natural
concern, he said.
Stephen 'I Wrigld, presi
dent of Fisk University,
charged that "our college
catalogues are fictions,"
containing "little to buttress
our allegation that we are
trying to develop certain
kinds of men."
"Universities are not com
mitted to anything and as a
result students are not com
mitted to anything" com
mented Marian Wright, an
alumna of Fisk and Vale
and currently a lawyer for
the NAACP Legal Defense
and Fducation Fund.
CHICAGO (CPS) — Uni
versities are not living the
values that they ostensibly
stand for. a panel agreed at
the national conference of
the Association for Iligher
Fducation last Monday,
April XJO.
Although universities are
supposed to be dealing with
the most important ideas of
the day, they instead dis
courage active involvement
—and in many cases even
discussion —of these issues,
was the consensus that em
erged from a two-hour dis
cussion of the role of the
college in developing demo
cratic values.
College faculty members
and administrators as well
as society at large were
criticized for failing to en
courage active involvement
through concrete experience
in the most important proh
lenis of society.
William Coffin, Jr., Yale's
freedom ri d i u g chaplain,
who recently was jailed in
a Florida civil rights trip
with Mrs. Peabody, the
mother of the governor of
Massachusetts, was th e
session's featured speaker.
Students find higher edu
cation meaningless because
educators avoid th e key
issues of society — in fact
they are paid to avoid them,
Coffin said.
The failure of universities
to stimulate involvement in
important activities lias led
to failures in educating stu
dents properly. Only by con-

Crete involvement can stu
dents develop a sense of
values, lie said.
Coffin criticized campuses
for allowing extra-curricu
lar activities to exist that
'promote the values that
universities are trying to
counter in the classrooms."
Fraternities, for example,
"for the most part are moo
uments to irrelevancy in
1964," lie said.
He urged support for "im
portant" extracurricular ac
tivities — those that "try to
stimulate an interest in pol
ity."
.More students have to
choose "radical" prof e s
sions, said Coffin. Now, too
in an y choose attractive,
rather than important jobs.
This is partly a result of
universities' public-relations
preoccupation with sexual
morality rather than voca
tional morality, which
should be of greater natural
concern, he said.
Stephen 'I Wrigld, presi
dent of Fisk University,
charged that "our college
catalogues are fictions,"
containing "little to buttress
our allegation that we are
trying to develop certain
kinds of men."
"Universities are not com
mitted to anything and as a
result students are not com
mitted to anything" com
mented Marian Wright, an
alumna of Fisk and Vale
and currently a lawyer for
the NAACP Legal Defense
and Fducation Fund.
CHICAGO (CPS) — Uni
versities are not living the
values that they ostensibly
stand for. a panel agreed at
the national conference of
the Association for Iligher
Fducation last Monday,
April XJO.
Although universities are
supposed to be dealing with
the most important ideas of
the day, they instead dis
courage active involvement
—and in many cases even
discussion —of these issues,
was the consensus that em
erged from a two-hour dis
cussion of the role of the
college in developing demo
cratic values.
College faculty members
and administrators as well
as society at large were
criticized for failing to en
courage active involvement
through concrete experience
in the most important proh
lenis of society.
William Coffin, Jr., Yale's
freedom ri d i u g chaplain,
who recently was jailed in
a Florida civil rights trip
with Mrs. Peabody, the
mother of the governor of
Massachusetts, was th e
session's featured speaker.
Students find higher edu
cation meaningless because
educators avoid th e key
issues of society — in fact
they are paid to avoid them,
Coffin said.
The failure of universities
to stimulate involvement in
important activities lias led
to failures in educating stu
dents properly. Only by con-

Crete involvement can stu
dents develop a sense of
values, lie said.
Coffin criticized campuses
for allowing extra-curricu
lar activities to exist that
'promote the values that
universities are trying to
counter in the classrooms."
Fraternities, for example,
"for the most part are moo
uments to irrelevancy in
1964," lie said.
He urged support for "im
portant" extracurricular ac
tivities — those that "try to
stimulate an interest in pol
ity."
.More students have to
choose "radical" prof e s
sions, said Coffin. Now, too
in an y choose attractive,
rather than important jobs.
This is partly a result of
universities' public-relations
preoccupation with sexual
morality rather than voca
tional morality, which
should be of greater natural
concern, he said.
Stephen 'I Wrigld, presi
dent of Fisk University,
charged that "our college
catalogues are fictions,"
containing "little to buttress
our allegation that we are
trying to develop certain
kinds of men."
"Universities are not com
mitted to anything and as a
result students are not com
mitted to anything" com
mented Marian Wright, an
alumna of Fisk and Vale
and currently a lawyer for
the NAACP Legal Defense
and Fducation Fund.
CHICAGO (CPS) — Uni
versities are not living the
values that they ostensibly
stand for. a panel agreed at
the national conference of
the Association for Iligher
Fducation last Monday,
April XJO.
Although universities are
supposed to be dealing with
the most important ideas of
the day, they instead dis
courage active involvement
—and in many cases even
discussion —of these issues,
was the consensus that em
erged from a two-hour dis
cussion of the role of the
college in developing demo
cratic values.
College faculty members
and administrators as well
as society at large were
criticized for failing to en
courage active involvement
through concrete experience
in the most important proh
lenis of society.
William Coffin, Jr., Yale's
freedom ri d i u g chaplain,
who recently was jailed in
a Florida civil rights trip
with Mrs. Peabody, the
mother of the governor of
Massachusetts, was th e
session's featured speaker.
Students find higher edu
cation meaningless because
educators avoid th e key
issues of society — in fact
they are paid to avoid them,
Coffin said.
The failure of universities
to stimulate involvement in
important activities lias led
to failures in educating stu
dents properly. Only by con-

Crete involvement can stu
dents develop a sense of
values, lie said.
Coffin criticized campuses
for allowing extra-curricu
lar activities to exist that
'promote the values that
universities are trying to
counter in the classrooms."
Fraternities, for example,
"for the most part are moo
uments to irrelevancy in
1964," lie said.
He urged support for "im
portant" extracurricular ac
tivities — those that "try to
stimulate an interest in pol
ity."
.More students have to
choose "radical" prof e s
sions, said Coffin. Now, too
in an y choose attractive,
rather than important jobs.
This is partly a result of
universities' public-relations
preoccupation with sexual
morality rather than voca
tional morality, which
should be of greater natural
concern, he said.
Stephen 'I Wrigld, presi
dent of Fisk University,
charged that "our college
catalogues are fictions,"
containing "little to buttress
our allegation that we are
trying to develop certain
kinds of men."
"Universities are not com
mitted to anything and as a
result students are not com
mitted to anything" com
mented Marian Wright, an
alumna of Fisk and Vale
and currently a lawyer for
the NAACP Legal Defense
and Fducation Fund.
CHICAGO (CPS) — Uni
versities are not living the
values that they ostensibly
stand for. a panel agreed at
the national conference of
the Association for Iligher
Fducation last Monday,
April XJO.
Although universities are
supposed to be dealing with
the most important ideas of
the day, they instead dis
courage active involvement
—and in many cases even
discussion —of these issues,
was the consensus that em
erged from a two-hour dis
cussion of the role of the
college in developing demo
cratic values.
College faculty members
and administrators as well
as society at large were
criticized for failing to en
courage active involvement
through concrete experience
in the most important proh
lenis of society.
William Coffin, Jr., Yale's
freedom ri d i u g chaplain,
who recently was jailed in
a Florida civil rights trip
with Mrs. Peabody, the
mother of the governor of
Massachusetts, was th e
session's featured speaker.
Students find higher edu
cation meaningless because
educators avoid th e key
issues of society — in fact
they are paid to avoid them,
Coffin said.
The failure of universities
to stimulate involvement in
important activities lias led
to failures in educating stu
dents properly. Only by con-

Crete involvement can stu
dents develop a sense of
values, lie said.
Coffin criticized campuses
for allowing extra-curricu
lar activities to exist that
'promote the values that
universities are trying to
counter in the classrooms."
Fraternities, for example,
"for the most part are moo
uments to irrelevancy in
1964," lie said.
He urged support for "im
portant" extracurricular ac
tivities — those that "try to
stimulate an interest in pol
ity."
.More students have to
choose "radical" prof e s
sions, said Coffin. Now, too
in an y choose attractive,
rather than important jobs.
This is partly a result of
universities' public-relations
preoccupation with sexual
morality rather than voca
tional morality, which
should be of greater natural
concern, he said.
Stephen 'I Wrigld, presi
dent of Fisk University,
charged that "our college
catalogues are fictions,"
containing "little to buttress
our allegation that we are
trying to develop certain
kinds of men."
"Universities are not com
mitted to anything and as a
result students are not com
mitted to anything" com
mented Marian Wright, an
alumna of Fisk and Vale
and currently a lawyer for
the NAACP Legal Defense
and Fducation Fund.
CHICAGO (CPS) — Uni
versities are not living the
values that they ostensibly
stand for. a panel agreed at
the national conference of
the Association for Iligher
Fducation last Monday,
April XJO.
Although universities are
supposed to be dealing with
the most important ideas of
the day, they instead dis
courage active involvement
—and in many cases even
discussion —of these issues,
was the consensus that em
erged from a two-hour dis
cussion of the role of the
college in developing demo
cratic values.
College faculty members
and administrators as well
as society at large were
criticized for failing to en
courage active involvement
through concrete experience
in the most important proh
lenis of society.
William Coffin, Jr., Yale's
freedom ri d i u g chaplain,
who recently was jailed in
a Florida civil rights trip
with Mrs. Peabody, the
mother of the governor of
Massachusetts, was th e
session's featured speaker.
Students find higher edu
cation meaningless because
educators avoid th e key
issues of society — in fact
they are paid to avoid them,
Coffin said.
The failure of universities
to stimulate involvement in
important activities lias led
to failures in educating stu
dents properly. Only by con-

Crete involvement can stu
dents develop a sense of
values, lie said.
Coffin criticized campuses
for allowing extra-curricu
lar activities to exist that
'promote the values that
universities are trying to
counter in the classrooms."
Fraternities, for example,
"for the most part are moo
uments to irrelevancy in
1964," lie said.
He urged support for "im
portant" extracurricular ac
tivities — those that "try to
stimulate an interest in pol
ity."
.More students have to
choose "radical" prof e s
sions, said Coffin. Now, too
in an y choose attractive,
rather than important jobs.
This is partly a result of
universities' public-relations
preoccupation with sexual
morality rather than voca
tional morality, which
should be of greater natural
concern, he said.
Stephen 'I Wrigld, presi
dent of Fisk University,
charged that "our college
catalogues are fictions,"
containing "little to buttress
our allegation that we are
trying to develop certain
kinds of men."
"Universities are not com
mitted to anything and as a
result students are not com
mitted to anything" com
mented Marian Wright, an
alumna of Fisk and Vale
and currently a lawyer for
the NAACP Legal Defense
and Fducation Fund.
CHICAGO (CPS) — Uni
versities are not living the
values that they ostensibly
stand for. a panel agreed at
the national conference of
the Association for Iligher
Fducation last Monday,
April XJO.
Although universities are
supposed to be dealing with
the most important ideas of
the day, they instead dis
courage active involvement
—and in many cases even
discussion —of these issues,
was the consensus that em
erged from a two-hour dis
cussion of the role of the
college in developing demo
cratic values.
College faculty members
and administrators as well
as society at large were
criticized for failing to en
courage active involvement
through concrete experience
in the most important proh
lenis of society.
William Coffin, Jr., Yale's
freedom ri d i u g chaplain,
who recently was jailed in
a Florida civil rights trip
with Mrs. Peabody, the
mother of the governor of
Massachusetts, was th e
session's featured speaker.
Students find higher edu
cation meaningless because
educators avoid th e key
issues of society — in fact
they are paid to avoid them,
Coffin said.
The failure of universities
to stimulate involvement in
important activities lias led
to failures in educating stu
dents properly. Only by con-

Crete involvement can stu
dents develop a sense of
values, lie said.
Coffin criticized campuses
for allowing extra-curricu
lar activities to exist that
'promote the values that
universities are trying to
counter in the classrooms."
Fraternities, for example,
"for the most part are moo
uments to irrelevancy in
1964," lie said.
He urged support for "im
portant" extracurricular ac
tivities — those that "try to
stimulate an interest in pol
ity."
.More students have to
choose "radical" prof e s
sions, said Coffin. Now, too
in an y choose attractive,
rather than important jobs.
This is partly a result of
universities' public-relations
preoccupation with sexual
morality rather than voca
tional morality, which
should be of greater natural
concern, he said.
Stephen 'I Wrigld, presi
dent of Fisk University,
charged that "our college
catalogues are fictions,"
containing "little to buttress
our allegation that we are
trying to develop certain
kinds of men."
"Universities are not com
mitted to anything and as a
result students are not com
mitted to anything" com
mented Marian Wright, an
alumna of Fisk and Vale
and currently a lawyer for
the NAACP Legal Defense
and Fducation Fund.
CHICAGO (CPS) — Uni
versities are not living the
values that they ostensibly
stand for. a panel agreed at
the national conference of
the Association for Iligher
Fducation last Monday,
April XJO.
Although universities are
supposed to be dealing with
the most important ideas of
the day, they instead dis
courage active involvement
—and in many cases even
discussion —of these issues,
was the consensus that em
erged from a two-hour dis
cussion of the role of the
college in developing demo
cratic values.
College faculty members
and administrators as well
as society at large were
criticized for failing to en
courage active involvement
through concrete experience
in the most important proh
lenis of society.
William Coffin, Jr., Yale's
freedom ri d i u g chaplain,
who recently was jailed in
a Florida civil rights trip
with Mrs. Peabody, the
mother of the governor of
Massachusetts, was th e
session's featured speaker.
Students find higher edu
cation meaningless because
educators avoid th e key
issues of society — in fact
they are paid to avoid them,
Coffin said.
The failure of universities
to stimulate involvement in
important activities lias led
to failures in educating stu
dents properly. Only by con-

Crete involvement can stu
dents develop a sense of
values, lie said.
Coffin criticized campuses
for allowing extra-curricu
lar activities to exist that
'promote the values that
universities are trying to
counter in the classrooms."
Fraternities, for example,
"for the most part are moo
uments to irrelevancy in
1964," lie said.
He urged support for "im
portant" extracurricular ac
tivities — those that "try to
stimulate an interest in pol
ity."
.More students have to
choose "radical" prof e s
sions, said Coffin. Now, too
in an y choose attractive,
rather than important jobs.
This is partly a result of
universities' public-relations
preoccupation with sexual
morality rather than voca
tional morality, which
should be of greater natural
concern, he said.
Stephen 'I Wrigld, presi
dent of Fisk University,
charged that "our college
catalogues are fictions,"
containing "little to buttress
our allegation that we are
trying to develop certain
kinds of men."
"Universities are not com
mitted to anything and as a
result students are not com
mitted to anything" com
mented Marian Wright, an
alumna of Fisk and Vale
and currently a lawyer for
the NAACP Legal Defense
and Fducation Fund.
CHICAGO (CPS) — Uni
versities are not living the
values that they ostensibly
stand for. a panel agreed at
the national conference of
the Association for Iligher
Fducation last Monday,
April XJO.
Although universities are
supposed to be dealing with
the most important ideas of
the day, they instead dis
courage active involvement
—and in many cases even
discussion —of these issues,
was the consensus that em
erged from a two-hour dis
cussion of the role of the
college in developing demo
cratic values.
College faculty members
and administrators as well
as society at large were
criticized for failing to en
courage active involvement
through concrete experience
in the most important proh
lenis of society.
William Coffin, Jr., Yale's
freedom ri d i u g chaplain,
who recently was jailed in
a Florida civil rights trip
with Mrs. Peabody, the
mother of the governor of
Massachusetts, was th e
session's featured speaker.
Students find higher edu
cation meaningless because
educators avoid th e key
issues of society — in fact
they are paid to avoid them,
Coffin said.
The failure of universities
to stimulate involvement in
important activities lias led
to failures in educating stu
dents properly. Only by con-

Crete involvement can stu
dents develop a sense of
values, lie said.
Coffin criticized campuses
for allowing extra-curricu
lar activities to exist that
'promote the values that
universities are trying to
counter in the classrooms."
Fraternities, for example,
"for the most part are moo
uments to irrelevancy in
1964," lie said.
He urged support for "im
portant" extracurricular ac
tivities — those that "try to
stimulate an interest in pol
ity."
.More students have to
choose "radical" prof e s
sions, said Coffin. Now, too
in an y choose attractive,
rather than important jobs.
This is partly a result of
universities' public-relations
preoccupation with sexual
morality rather than voca
tional morality, which
should be of greater natural
concern, he said.
Stephen 'I Wrigld, presi
dent of Fisk University,
charged that "our college
catalogues are fictions,"
containing "little to buttress
our allegation that we are
trying to develop certain
kinds of men."
"Universities are not com
mitted to anything and as a
result students are not com
mitted to anything" com
mented Marian Wright, an
alumna of Fisk and Vale
and currently a lawyer for
the NAACP Legal Defense
and Fducation Fund.
CHICAGO (CPS) — Uni
versities are not living the
values that they ostensibly
stand for. a panel agreed at
the national conference of
the Association for Iligher
Fducation last Monday,
April XJO.
Although universities are
supposed to be dealing with
the most important ideas of
the day, they instead dis
courage active involvement
—and in many cases even
discussion —of these issues,
was the consensus that em
erged from a two-hour dis
cussion of the role of the
college in developing demo
cratic values.
College faculty members
and administrators as well
as society at large were
criticized for failing to en
courage active involvement
through concrete experience
in the most important proh
lenis of society.
William Coffin, Jr., Yale's
freedom ri d i u g chaplain,
who recently was jailed in
a Florida civil rights trip
with Mrs. Peabody, the
mother of the governor of
Massachusetts, was th e
session's featured speaker.
Students find higher edu
cation meaningless because
educators avoid th e key
issues of society — in fact
they are paid to avoid them,
Coffin said.
The failure of universities
to stimulate involvement in
important activities lias led
to failures in educating stu
dents properly. Only by con-

Crete involvement can stu
dents develop a sense of
values, lie said.
Coffin criticized campuses
for allowing extra-curricu
lar activities to exist that
'promote the values that
universities are trying to
counter in the classrooms."
Fraternities, for example,
"for the most part are moo
uments to irrelevancy in
1964," lie said.
He urged support for "im
portant" extracurricular ac
tivities — those that "try to
stimulate an interest in pol
ity."
.More students have to
choose "radical" prof e s
sions, said Coffin. Now, too
in an y choose attractive,
rather than important jobs.
This is partly a result of
universities' public-relations
preoccupation with sexual
morality rather than voca
tional morality, which
should be of greater natural
concern, he said.
Stephen 'I Wrigld, presi
dent of Fisk University,
charged that "our college
catalogues are fictions,"
containing "little to buttress
our allegation that we are
trying to develop certain
kinds of men."
"Universities are not com
mitted to anything and as a
result students are not com
mitted to anything" com
mented Marian Wright, an
alumna of Fisk and Vale
and currently a lawyer for
the NAACP Legal Defense
and Fducation Fund.
CHICAGO (CPS) — Uni
versities are not living the
values that they ostensibly
stand for. a panel agreed at
the national conference of
the Association for Iligher
Fducation last Monday,
April XJO.
Although universities are
supposed to be dealing with
the most important ideas of
the day, they instead dis
courage active involvement
—and in many cases even
discussion —of these issues,
was the consensus that em
erged from a two-hour dis
cussion of the role of the
college in developing demo
cratic values.
College faculty members
and administrators as well
as society at large were
criticized for failing to en
courage active involvement
through concrete experience
in the most important proh
lenis of society.
William Coffin, Jr., Yale's
freedom ri d i u g chaplain,
who recently was jailed in
a Florida civil rights trip
with Mrs. Peabody, the
mother of the governor of
Massachusetts, was th e
session's featured speaker.
Students find higher edu
cation meaningless because
educators avoid th e key
issues of society — in fact
they are paid to avoid them,
Coffin said.
The failure of universities
to stimulate involvement in
important activities lias led
to failures in educating stu
dents properly. Only by con-

Crete involvement can stu
dents develop a sense of
values, lie said.
Coffin criticized campuses
for allowing extra-curricu
lar activities to exist that
'promote the values that
universities are trying to
counter in the classrooms."
Fraternities, for example,
"for the most part are moo
uments to irrelevancy in
1964," lie said.
He urged support for "im
portant" extracurricular ac
tivities — those that "try to
stimulate an interest in pol
ity."
.More students have to
choose "radical" prof e s
sions, said Coffin. Now, too
in an y choose attractive,
rather than important jobs.
This is partly a result of
universities' public-relations
preoccupation with sexual
morality rather than voca
tional morality, which
should be of greater natural
concern, he said.
Stephen 'I Wrigld, presi
dent of Fisk University,
charged that "our college
catalogues are fictions,"
containing "little to buttress
our allegation that we are
trying to develop certain
kinds of men."
"Universities are not com
mitted to anything and as a
result students are not com
mitted to anything" com
mented Marian Wright, an
alumna of Fisk and Vale
and currently a lawyer for
the NAACP Legal Defense
and Fducation Fund.
CHICAGO (CPS) — Uni
versities are not living the
values that they ostensibly
stand for. a panel agreed at
the national conference of
the Association for Iligher
Fducation last Monday,
April XJO.
Although universities are
supposed to be dealing with
the most important ideas of
the day, they instead dis
courage active involvement
—and in many cases even
discussion —of these issues,
was the consensus that em
erged from a two-hour dis
cussion of the role of the
college in developing demo
cratic values.
College faculty members
and administrators as well
as society at large were
criticized for failing to en
courage active involvement
through concrete experience
in the most important proh
lenis of society.
William Coffin, Jr., Yale's
freedom ri d i u g chaplain,
who recently was jailed in
a Florida civil rights trip
with Mrs. Peabody, the
mother of the governor of
Massachusetts, was th e
session's featured speaker.
Students find higher edu
cation meaningless because
educators avoid th e key
issues of society — in fact
they are paid to avoid them,
Coffin said.
The failure of universities
to stimulate involvement in
important activities lias led
to failures in educating stu
dents properly. Only by con-

Crete involvement can stu
dents develop a sense of
values, lie said.
Coffin criticized campuses
for allowing extra-curricu
lar activities to exist that
'promote the values that
universities are trying to
counter in the classrooms."
Fraternities, for example,
"for the most part are moo
uments to irrelevancy in
1964," lie said.
He urged support for "im
portant" extracurricular ac
tivities — those that "try to
stimulate an interest in pol
ity."
.More students have to
choose "radical" prof e s
sions, said Coffin. Now, too
in an y choose attractive,
rather than important jobs.
This is partly a result of
universities' public-relations
preoccupation with sexual
morality rather than voca
tional morality, which
should be of greater natural
concern, he said.
Stephen 'I Wrigld, presi
dent of Fisk University,
charged that "our college
catalogues are fictions,"
containing "little to buttress
our allegation that we are
trying to develop certain
kinds of men."
"Universities are not com
mitted to anything and as a
result students are not com
mitted to anything" com
mented Marian Wright, an
alumna of Fisk and Vale
and currently a lawyer for
the NAACP Legal Defense
and Fducation Fund.
CHICAGO (CPS) — Uni
versities are not living the
values that they ostensibly
stand for. a panel agreed at
the national conference of
the Association for Iligher
Fducation last Monday,
April XJO.
Although universities are
supposed to be dealing with
the most important ideas of
the day, they instead dis
courage active involvement
—and in many cases even
discussion —of these issues,
was the consensus that em
erged from a two-hour dis
cussion of the role of the
college in developing demo
cratic values.
College faculty members
and administrators as well
as society at large were
criticized for failing to en
courage active involvement
through concrete experience
in the most important proh
lenis of society.
William Coffin, Jr., Yale's
freedom ri d i u g chaplain,
who recently was jailed in
a Florida civil rights trip
with Mrs. Peabody, the
mother of the governor of
Massachusetts, was th e
session's featured speaker.
Students find higher edu
cation meaningless because
educators avoid th e key
issues of society — in fact
they are paid to avoid them,
Coffin said.
The failure of universities
to stimulate involvement in
important activities lias led
to failures in educating stu
dents properly. Only by con-

Crete involvement can stu
dents develop a sense of
values, lie said.
Coffin criticized campuses
for allowing extra-curricu
lar activities to exist that
'promote the values that
universities are trying to
counter in the classrooms."
Fraternities, for example,
"for the most part are moo
uments to irrelevancy in
1964," lie said.
He urged support for "im
portant" extracurricular ac
tivities — those that "try to
stimulate an interest in pol
ity."
.More students have to
choose "radical" prof e s
sions, said Coffin. Now, too
in an y choose attractive,
rather than important jobs.
This is partly a result of
universities' public-relations
preoccupation with sexual
morality rather than voca
tional morality, which
should be of greater natural
concern, he said.
Stephen 'I Wrigld, presi
dent of Fisk University,
charged that "our college
catalogues are fictions,"
containing "little to buttress
our allegation that we are
trying to develop certain
kinds of men."
"Universities are not com
mitted to anything and as a
result students are not com
mitted to anything" com
mented Marian Wright, an
alumna of Fisk and Vale
and currently a lawyer for
the NAACP Legal Defense
and Fducation Fund.
CHICAGO (CPS) — Uni
versities are not living the
values that they ostensibly
stand for. a panel agreed at
the national conference of
the Association for Iligher
Fducation last Monday,
April XJO.
Although universities are
supposed to be dealing with
the most important ideas of
the day, they instead dis
courage active involvement
—and in many cases even
discussion —of these issues,
was the consensus that em
erged from a two-hour dis
cussion of the role of the
college in developing demo
cratic values.
College faculty members
and administrators as well
as society at large were
criticized for failing to en
courage active involvement
through concrete experience
in the most important proh
lenis of society.
William Coffin, Jr., Yale's
freedom ri d i u g chaplain,
who recently was jailed in
a Florida civil rights trip
with Mrs. Peabody, the
mother of the governor of
Massachusetts, was th e
session's featured speaker.
Students find higher edu
cation meaningless because
educators avoid th e key
issues of society — in fact
they are paid to avoid them,
Coffin said.
The failure of universities
to stimulate involvement in
important activities lias led
to failures in educating stu
dents properly. Only by con-

Crete involvement can stu
dents develop a sense of
values, lie said.
Coffin criticized campuses
for allowing extra-curricu
lar activities to exist that
'promote the values that
universities are trying to
counter in the classrooms."
Fraternities, for example,
"for the most part are moo
uments to irrelevancy in
1964," lie said.
He urged support for "im
portant" extracurricular ac
tivities — those that "try to
stimulate an interest in pol
ity."
.More students have to
choose "radical" prof e s
sions, said Coffin. Now, too
in an y choose attractive,
rather than important jobs.
This is partly a result of
universities' public-relations
preoccupation with sexual
morality rather than voca
tional morality, which
should be of greater natural
concern, he said.
Stephen 'I Wrigld, presi
dent of Fisk University,
charged that "our college
catalogues are fictions,"
containing "little to buttress
our allegation that we are
trying to develop certain
kinds of men."
"Universities are not com
mitted to anything and as a
result students are not com
mitted to anything" com
mented Marian Wright, an
alumna of Fisk and Vale
and currently a lawyer for
the NAACP Legal Defense
and Fducation Fund.
