# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
I
518 ROUNDTMP
Good on all trains carry
ing coaches except the
"Daylight."
KtifiS W W mW'vtA!
ATI
MANY OTHERS AS LOW
Good in coaches or reclin
ing chair cars on such fast
trains as "Pacific Limited"
and "Gold Coast."
Southern
Pacific
C. A STONE. AGENT
I
518 ROUNDTMP
Good on all trains carry
ing coaches except the
"Daylight."
KtifiS W W mW'vtA!
ATI
MANY OTHERS AS LOW
Good in coaches or reclin
ing chair cars on such fast
trains as "Pacific Limited"
and "Gold Coast."
Southern
Pacific
C. A STONE. AGENT
I
518 ROUNDTMP
Good on all trains carry
ing coaches except the
"Daylight."
KtifiS W W mW'vtA!
ATI
MANY OTHERS AS LOW
Good in coaches or reclin
ing chair cars on such fast
trains as "Pacific Limited"
and "Gold Coast."
Southern
Pacific
C. A STONE. AGENT
I
518 ROUNDTMP
Good on all trains carry
ing coaches except the
"Daylight."
KtifiS W W mW'vtA!
ATI
MANY OTHERS AS LOW
Good in coaches or reclin
ing chair cars on such fast
trains as "Pacific Limited"
and "Gold Coast."
Southern
Pacific
C. A STONE. AGENT
I
518 ROUNDTMP
Good on all trains carry
ing coaches except the
"Daylight."
KtifiS W W mW'vtA!
ATI
MANY OTHERS AS LOW
Good in coaches or reclin
ing chair cars on such fast
trains as "Pacific Limited"
and "Gold Coast."
Southern
Pacific
C. A STONE. AGENT
I
518 ROUNDTMP
Good on all trains carry
ing coaches except the
"Daylight."
KtifiS W W mW'vtA!
ATI
MANY OTHERS AS LOW
Good in coaches or reclin
ing chair cars on such fast
trains as "Pacific Limited"
and "Gold Coast."
Southern
Pacific
C. A STONE. AGENT
I
518 ROUNDTMP
Good on all trains carry
ing coaches except the
"Daylight."
KtifiS W W mW'vtA!
ATI
MANY OTHERS AS LOW
Good in coaches or reclin
ing chair cars on such fast
trains as "Pacific Limited"
and "Gold Coast."
Southern
Pacific
C. A STONE. AGENT
I
518 ROUNDTMP
Good on all trains carry
ing coaches except the
"Daylight."
KtifiS W W mW'vtA!
ATI
MANY OTHERS AS LOW
Good in coaches or reclin
ing chair cars on such fast
trains as "Pacific Limited"
and "Gold Coast."
Southern
Pacific
C. A STONE. AGENT
I
518 ROUNDTMP
Good on all trains carry
ing coaches except the
"Daylight."
KtifiS W W mW'vtA!
ATI
MANY OTHERS AS LOW
Good in coaches or reclin
ing chair cars on such fast
trains as "Pacific Limited"
and "Gold Coast."
Southern
Pacific
C. A STONE. AGENT
I
518 ROUNDTMP
Good on all trains carry
ing coaches except the
"Daylight."
KtifiS W W mW'vtA!
ATI
MANY OTHERS AS LOW
Good in coaches or reclin
ing chair cars on such fast
trains as "Pacific Limited"
and "Gold Coast."
Southern
Pacific
C. A STONE. AGENT
I
518 ROUNDTMP
Good on all trains carry
ing coaches except the
"Daylight."
KtifiS W W mW'vtA!
ATI
MANY OTHERS AS LOW
Good in coaches or reclin
ing chair cars on such fast
trains as "Pacific Limited"
and "Gold Coast."
Southern
Pacific
C. A STONE. AGENT
I
518 ROUNDTMP
Good on all trains carry
ing coaches except the
"Daylight."
KtifiS W W mW'vtA!
ATI
MANY OTHERS AS LOW
Good in coaches or reclin
ing chair cars on such fast
trains as "Pacific Limited"
and "Gold Coast."
Southern
Pacific
C. A STONE. AGENT
I
518 ROUNDTMP
Good on all trains carry
ing coaches except the
"Daylight."
KtifiS W W mW'vtA!
ATI
MANY OTHERS AS LOW
Good in coaches or reclin
ing chair cars on such fast
trains as "Pacific Limited"
and "Gold Coast."
Southern
Pacific
C. A STONE. AGENT
I
518 ROUNDTMP
Good on all trains carry
ing coaches except the
"Daylight."
KtifiS W W mW'vtA!
ATI
MANY OTHERS AS LOW
Good in coaches or reclin
ing chair cars on such fast
trains as "Pacific Limited"
and "Gold Coast."
Southern
Pacific
C. A STONE. AGENT
I
518 ROUNDTMP
Good on all trains carry
ing coaches except the
"Daylight."
KtifiS W W mW'vtA!
ATI
MANY OTHERS AS LOW
Good in coaches or reclin
ing chair cars on such fast
trains as "Pacific Limited"
and "Gold Coast."
Southern
Pacific
C. A STONE. AGENT
