# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
V
- —
Anyway you look at it—
the answer's just the
same—
It's the cost per day's
wear that counts —that's
why Thoits shoes are
good to buy—they give
lots of mileage at a low
cost.
o
cWvoVVb
171 University Ave.
V
- —
Anyway you look at it—
the answer's just the
same—
It's the cost per day's
wear that counts —that's
why Thoits shoes are
good to buy—they give
lots of mileage at a low
cost.
o
cWvoVVb
171 University Ave.
V
- —
Anyway you look at it—
the answer's just the
same—
It's the cost per day's
wear that counts —that's
why Thoits shoes are
good to buy—they give
lots of mileage at a low
cost.
o
cWvoVVb
171 University Ave.
V
- —
Anyway you look at it—
the answer's just the
same—
It's the cost per day's
wear that counts —that's
why Thoits shoes are
good to buy—they give
lots of mileage at a low
cost.
o
cWvoVVb
171 University Ave.
V
- —
Anyway you look at it—
the answer's just the
same—
It's the cost per day's
wear that counts —that's
why Thoits shoes are
good to buy—they give
lots of mileage at a low
cost.
o
cWvoVVb
171 University Ave.
V
- —
Anyway you look at it—
the answer's just the
same—
It's the cost per day's
wear that counts —that's
why Thoits shoes are
good to buy—they give
lots of mileage at a low
cost.
o
cWvoVVb
171 University Ave.
V
- —
Anyway you look at it—
the answer's just the
same—
It's the cost per day's
wear that counts —that's
why Thoits shoes are
good to buy—they give
lots of mileage at a low
cost.
o
cWvoVVb
171 University Ave.
V
- —
Anyway you look at it—
the answer's just the
same—
It's the cost per day's
wear that counts —that's
why Thoits shoes are
good to buy—they give
lots of mileage at a low
cost.
o
cWvoVVb
171 University Ave.
V
- —
Anyway you look at it—
the answer's just the
same—
It's the cost per day's
wear that counts —that's
why Thoits shoes are
good to buy—they give
lots of mileage at a low
cost.
o
cWvoVVb
171 University Ave.
V
- —
Anyway you look at it—
the answer's just the
same—
It's the cost per day's
wear that counts —that's
why Thoits shoes are
good to buy—they give
lots of mileage at a low
cost.
o
cWvoVVb
171 University Ave.
V
- —
Anyway you look at it—
the answer's just the
same—
It's the cost per day's
wear that counts —that's
why Thoits shoes are
good to buy—they give
lots of mileage at a low
cost.
o
cWvoVVb
171 University Ave.
V
- —
Anyway you look at it—
the answer's just the
same—
It's the cost per day's
wear that counts —that's
why Thoits shoes are
good to buy—they give
lots of mileage at a low
cost.
o
cWvoVVb
171 University Ave.
V
- —
Anyway you look at it—
the answer's just the
same—
It's the cost per day's
wear that counts —that's
why Thoits shoes are
good to buy—they give
lots of mileage at a low
cost.
o
cWvoVVb
171 University Ave.
V
- —
Anyway you look at it—
the answer's just the
same—
It's the cost per day's
wear that counts —that's
why Thoits shoes are
good to buy—they give
lots of mileage at a low
cost.
o
cWvoVVb
171 University Ave.
V
- —
Anyway you look at it—
the answer's just the
same—
It's the cost per day's
wear that counts —that's
why Thoits shoes are
good to buy—they give
lots of mileage at a low
cost.
o
cWvoVVb
171 University Ave.
