# TRUSTEE COMMITTEES WILL CONVENE TODAY
## 
### 
The University Committee of the
Stanford University Board of Trus
tees will meet this morning at 11
o'clock, and the Finance Committee
will convene at 1:45 o'clock this af
ternoon, according to an announce
ment issued from the president's j
office.
The Board of Trustees will hold i
its regular monthly meeting Thurs- j
day afternoon at 1:45 o'clock.
The University Committee of the
Stanford University Board of Trus
tees will meet this morning at 11
o'clock, and the Finance Committee
will convene at 1:45 o'clock this af
ternoon, according to an announce
ment issued from the president's j
office.
The Board of Trustees will hold i
its regular monthly meeting Thurs- j
day afternoon at 1:45 o'clock.
The University Committee of the
Stanford University Board of Trus
tees will meet this morning at 11
o'clock, and the Finance Committee
will convene at 1:45 o'clock this af
ternoon, according to an announce
ment issued from the president's j
office.
The Board of Trustees will hold i
its regular monthly meeting Thurs- j
day afternoon at 1:45 o'clock.
The University Committee of the
Stanford University Board of Trus
tees will meet this morning at 11
o'clock, and the Finance Committee
will convene at 1:45 o'clock this af
ternoon, according to an announce
ment issued from the president's j
office.
The Board of Trustees will hold i
its regular monthly meeting Thurs- j
day afternoon at 1:45 o'clock.
The University Committee of the
Stanford University Board of Trus
tees will meet this morning at 11
o'clock, and the Finance Committee
will convene at 1:45 o'clock this af
ternoon, according to an announce
ment issued from the president's j
office.
The Board of Trustees will hold i
its regular monthly meeting Thurs- j
day afternoon at 1:45 o'clock.
The University Committee of the
Stanford University Board of Trus
tees will meet this morning at 11
o'clock, and the Finance Committee
will convene at 1:45 o'clock this af
ternoon, according to an announce
ment issued from the president's j
office.
The Board of Trustees will hold i
its regular monthly meeting Thurs- j
day afternoon at 1:45 o'clock.
The University Committee of the
Stanford University Board of Trus
tees will meet this morning at 11
o'clock, and the Finance Committee
will convene at 1:45 o'clock this af
ternoon, according to an announce
ment issued from the president's j
office.
The Board of Trustees will hold i
its regular monthly meeting Thurs- j
day afternoon at 1:45 o'clock.
The University Committee of the
Stanford University Board of Trus
tees will meet this morning at 11
o'clock, and the Finance Committee
will convene at 1:45 o'clock this af
ternoon, according to an announce
ment issued from the president's j
office.
The Board of Trustees will hold i
its regular monthly meeting Thurs- j
day afternoon at 1:45 o'clock.
The University Committee of the
Stanford University Board of Trus
tees will meet this morning at 11
o'clock, and the Finance Committee
will convene at 1:45 o'clock this af
ternoon, according to an announce
ment issued from the president's j
office.
The Board of Trustees will hold i
its regular monthly meeting Thurs- j
day afternoon at 1:45 o'clock.
The University Committee of the
Stanford University Board of Trus
tees will meet this morning at 11
o'clock, and the Finance Committee
will convene at 1:45 o'clock this af
ternoon, according to an announce
ment issued from the president's j
office.
The Board of Trustees will hold i
its regular monthly meeting Thurs- j
day afternoon at 1:45 o'clock.
The University Committee of the
Stanford University Board of Trus
tees will meet this morning at 11
o'clock, and the Finance Committee
will convene at 1:45 o'clock this af
ternoon, according to an announce
ment issued from the president's j
office.
The Board of Trustees will hold i
its regular monthly meeting Thurs- j
day afternoon at 1:45 o'clock.
The University Committee of the
Stanford University Board of Trus
tees will meet this morning at 11
o'clock, and the Finance Committee
will convene at 1:45 o'clock this af
ternoon, according to an announce
ment issued from the president's j
office.
The Board of Trustees will hold i
its regular monthly meeting Thurs- j
day afternoon at 1:45 o'clock.
The University Committee of the
Stanford University Board of Trus
tees will meet this morning at 11
o'clock, and the Finance Committee
will convene at 1:45 o'clock this af
ternoon, according to an announce
ment issued from the president's j
office.
The Board of Trustees will hold i
its regular monthly meeting Thurs- j
day afternoon at 1:45 o'clock.
The University Committee of the
Stanford University Board of Trus
tees will meet this morning at 11
o'clock, and the Finance Committee
will convene at 1:45 o'clock this af
ternoon, according to an announce
ment issued from the president's j
office.
The Board of Trustees will hold i
its regular monthly meeting Thurs- j
day afternoon at 1:45 o'clock.
The University Committee of the
Stanford University Board of Trus
tees will meet this morning at 11
o'clock, and the Finance Committee
will convene at 1:45 o'clock this af
ternoon, according to an announce
ment issued from the president's j
office.
The Board of Trustees will hold i
its regular monthly meeting Thurs- j
day afternoon at 1:45 o'clock.
