# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A state monopoly of present and
future exploitation of natural gas j
deposits has been established in Ru
mania.
A state monopoly of present and
future exploitation of natural gas j
deposits has been established in Ru
mania.
A state monopoly of present and
future exploitation of natural gas j
deposits has been established in Ru
mania.
A state monopoly of present and
future exploitation of natural gas j
deposits has been established in Ru
mania.
A state monopoly of present and
future exploitation of natural gas j
deposits has been established in Ru
mania.
A state monopoly of present and
future exploitation of natural gas j
deposits has been established in Ru
mania.
A state monopoly of present and
future exploitation of natural gas j
deposits has been established in Ru
mania.
A state monopoly of present and
future exploitation of natural gas j
deposits has been established in Ru
mania.
A state monopoly of present and
future exploitation of natural gas j
deposits has been established in Ru
mania.
A state monopoly of present and
future exploitation of natural gas j
deposits has been established in Ru
mania.
A state monopoly of present and
future exploitation of natural gas j
deposits has been established in Ru
mania.
A state monopoly of present and
future exploitation of natural gas j
deposits has been established in Ru
mania.
A state monopoly of present and
future exploitation of natural gas j
deposits has been established in Ru
mania.
A state monopoly of present and
future exploitation of natural gas j
deposits has been established in Ru
mania.
A state monopoly of present and
future exploitation of natural gas j
deposits has been established in Ru
mania.
