# CHARTERS CHANGED
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 12. OP)— I The
siate senate approved charter
amendments of the cities of Glen
dale and Piedmont today.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 12. OP)— I The
siate senate approved charter
amendments of the cities of Glen
dale and Piedmont today.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 12. OP)— I The
siate senate approved charter
amendments of the cities of Glen
dale and Piedmont today.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 12. OP)— I The
siate senate approved charter
amendments of the cities of Glen
dale and Piedmont today.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 12. OP)— I The
siate senate approved charter
amendments of the cities of Glen
dale and Piedmont today.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 12. OP)— I The
siate senate approved charter
amendments of the cities of Glen
dale and Piedmont today.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 12. OP)— I The
siate senate approved charter
amendments of the cities of Glen
dale and Piedmont today.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 12. OP)— I The
siate senate approved charter
amendments of the cities of Glen
dale and Piedmont today.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 12. OP)— I The
siate senate approved charter
amendments of the cities of Glen
dale and Piedmont today.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 12. OP)— I The
siate senate approved charter
amendments of the cities of Glen
dale and Piedmont today.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 12. OP)— I The
siate senate approved charter
amendments of the cities of Glen
dale and Piedmont today.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 12. OP)— I The
siate senate approved charter
amendments of the cities of Glen
dale and Piedmont today.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 12. OP)— I The
siate senate approved charter
amendments of the cities of Glen
dale and Piedmont today.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 12. OP)— I The
siate senate approved charter
amendments of the cities of Glen
dale and Piedmont today.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 12. OP)— I The
siate senate approved charter
amendments of the cities of Glen
dale and Piedmont today.
