# FOURTH BAND DANCE
## 
### 
With forty-five pieces playing, the
Stanford Hand will begin tho sem
ester's activities in the form of a
dance to lie given at the Gymnasium
on Friday, January 2X. The latest
popular iurA arc promised for the af
fair, which will undoubtedly be as
successful as the band dances of the
last semester were.
An outdoor concert will be Riven
by the hand, probably on the last Sun
day in January,
With forty-five pieces playing, the
Stanford Hand will begin tho sem
ester's activities in the form of a
dance to lie given at the Gymnasium
on Friday, January 2X. The latest
popular iurA arc promised for the af
fair, which will undoubtedly be as
successful as the band dances of the
last semester were.
An outdoor concert will be Riven
by the hand, probably on the last Sun
day in January,
With forty-five pieces playing, the
Stanford Hand will begin tho sem
ester's activities in the form of a
dance to lie given at the Gymnasium
on Friday, January 2X. The latest
popular iurA arc promised for the af
fair, which will undoubtedly be as
successful as the band dances of the
last semester were.
An outdoor concert will be Riven
by the hand, probably on the last Sun
day in January,
With forty-five pieces playing, the
Stanford Hand will begin tho sem
ester's activities in the form of a
dance to lie given at the Gymnasium
on Friday, January 2X. The latest
popular iurA arc promised for the af
fair, which will undoubtedly be as
successful as the band dances of the
last semester were.
An outdoor concert will be Riven
by the hand, probably on the last Sun
day in January,
With forty-five pieces playing, the
Stanford Hand will begin tho sem
ester's activities in the form of a
dance to lie given at the Gymnasium
on Friday, January 2X. The latest
popular iurA arc promised for the af
fair, which will undoubtedly be as
successful as the band dances of the
last semester were.
An outdoor concert will be Riven
by the hand, probably on the last Sun
day in January,
With forty-five pieces playing, the
Stanford Hand will begin tho sem
ester's activities in the form of a
dance to lie given at the Gymnasium
on Friday, January 2X. The latest
popular iurA arc promised for the af
fair, which will undoubtedly be as
successful as the band dances of the
last semester were.
An outdoor concert will be Riven
by the hand, probably on the last Sun
day in January,
With forty-five pieces playing, the
Stanford Hand will begin tho sem
ester's activities in the form of a
dance to lie given at the Gymnasium
on Friday, January 2X. The latest
popular iurA arc promised for the af
fair, which will undoubtedly be as
successful as the band dances of the
last semester were.
An outdoor concert will be Riven
by the hand, probably on the last Sun
day in January,
With forty-five pieces playing, the
Stanford Hand will begin tho sem
ester's activities in the form of a
dance to lie given at the Gymnasium
on Friday, January 2X. The latest
popular iurA arc promised for the af
fair, which will undoubtedly be as
successful as the band dances of the
last semester were.
An outdoor concert will be Riven
by the hand, probably on the last Sun
day in January,
With forty-five pieces playing, the
Stanford Hand will begin tho sem
ester's activities in the form of a
dance to lie given at the Gymnasium
on Friday, January 2X. The latest
popular iurA arc promised for the af
fair, which will undoubtedly be as
successful as the band dances of the
last semester were.
An outdoor concert will be Riven
by the hand, probably on the last Sun
day in January,
With forty-five pieces playing, the
Stanford Hand will begin tho sem
ester's activities in the form of a
dance to lie given at the Gymnasium
on Friday, January 2X. The latest
popular iurA arc promised for the af
fair, which will undoubtedly be as
successful as the band dances of the
last semester were.
An outdoor concert will be Riven
by the hand, probably on the last Sun
day in January,
With forty-five pieces playing, the
Stanford Hand will begin tho sem
ester's activities in the form of a
dance to lie given at the Gymnasium
on Friday, January 2X. The latest
popular iurA arc promised for the af
fair, which will undoubtedly be as
successful as the band dances of the
last semester were.
An outdoor concert will be Riven
by the hand, probably on the last Sun
day in January,
With forty-five pieces playing, the
Stanford Hand will begin tho sem
ester's activities in the form of a
dance to lie given at the Gymnasium
on Friday, January 2X. The latest
popular iurA arc promised for the af
fair, which will undoubtedly be as
successful as the band dances of the
last semester were.
An outdoor concert will be Riven
by the hand, probably on the last Sun
day in January,
With forty-five pieces playing, the
Stanford Hand will begin tho sem
ester's activities in the form of a
dance to lie given at the Gymnasium
on Friday, January 2X. The latest
popular iurA arc promised for the af
fair, which will undoubtedly be as
successful as the band dances of the
last semester were.
An outdoor concert will be Riven
by the hand, probably on the last Sun
day in January,
With forty-five pieces playing, the
Stanford Hand will begin tho sem
ester's activities in the form of a
dance to lie given at the Gymnasium
on Friday, January 2X. The latest
popular iurA arc promised for the af
fair, which will undoubtedly be as
successful as the band dances of the
last semester were.
An outdoor concert will be Riven
by the hand, probably on the last Sun
day in January,
