# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The report of tho Committee on Ad
vanced Standing and Admission is
now posted on the bulletin board in
front of the Registrar's offlce.
The report of tho Committee on Ad
vanced Standing and Admission is
now posted on the bulletin board in
front of the Registrar's offlce.
The report of tho Committee on Ad
vanced Standing and Admission is
now posted on the bulletin board in
front of the Registrar's offlce.
The report of tho Committee on Ad
vanced Standing and Admission is
now posted on the bulletin board in
front of the Registrar's offlce.
The report of tho Committee on Ad
vanced Standing and Admission is
now posted on the bulletin board in
front of the Registrar's offlce.
The report of tho Committee on Ad
vanced Standing and Admission is
now posted on the bulletin board in
front of the Registrar's offlce.
The report of tho Committee on Ad
vanced Standing and Admission is
now posted on the bulletin board in
front of the Registrar's offlce.
The report of tho Committee on Ad
vanced Standing and Admission is
now posted on the bulletin board in
front of the Registrar's offlce.
The report of tho Committee on Ad
vanced Standing and Admission is
now posted on the bulletin board in
front of the Registrar's offlce.
The report of tho Committee on Ad
vanced Standing and Admission is
now posted on the bulletin board in
front of the Registrar's offlce.
The report of tho Committee on Ad
vanced Standing and Admission is
now posted on the bulletin board in
front of the Registrar's offlce.
The report of tho Committee on Ad
vanced Standing and Admission is
now posted on the bulletin board in
front of the Registrar's offlce.
The report of tho Committee on Ad
vanced Standing and Admission is
now posted on the bulletin board in
front of the Registrar's offlce.
The report of tho Committee on Ad
vanced Standing and Admission is
now posted on the bulletin board in
front of the Registrar's offlce.
