# Y.W.C.A. Elects Officers.
## 
### 
The following have been elected
officers of the Young Women's
Christian Association for Ihe ensu
ing year: President, Miss Helen M.
Salisbury, '05; vice-president, Miss
lila Johnston, '07; corresponding
secretary, Miss Marguerite King,
'06; recording secretary, Miss
Elizabeth Brown, '05; treasurer,
Miss Laura Bailey, '05.
The following have been elected
officers of the Young Women's
Christian Association for Ihe ensu
ing year: President, Miss Helen M.
Salisbury, '05; vice-president, Miss
lila Johnston, '07; corresponding
secretary, Miss Marguerite King,
'06; recording secretary, Miss
Elizabeth Brown, '05; treasurer,
Miss Laura Bailey, '05.
The following have been elected
officers of the Young Women's
Christian Association for Ihe ensu
ing year: President, Miss Helen M.
Salisbury, '05; vice-president, Miss
lila Johnston, '07; corresponding
secretary, Miss Marguerite King,
'06; recording secretary, Miss
Elizabeth Brown, '05; treasurer,
Miss Laura Bailey, '05.
The following have been elected
officers of the Young Women's
Christian Association for Ihe ensu
ing year: President, Miss Helen M.
Salisbury, '05; vice-president, Miss
lila Johnston, '07; corresponding
secretary, Miss Marguerite King,
'06; recording secretary, Miss
Elizabeth Brown, '05; treasurer,
Miss Laura Bailey, '05.
The following have been elected
officers of the Young Women's
Christian Association for Ihe ensu
ing year: President, Miss Helen M.
Salisbury, '05; vice-president, Miss
lila Johnston, '07; corresponding
secretary, Miss Marguerite King,
'06; recording secretary, Miss
Elizabeth Brown, '05; treasurer,
Miss Laura Bailey, '05.
The following have been elected
officers of the Young Women's
Christian Association for Ihe ensu
ing year: President, Miss Helen M.
Salisbury, '05; vice-president, Miss
lila Johnston, '07; corresponding
secretary, Miss Marguerite King,
'06; recording secretary, Miss
Elizabeth Brown, '05; treasurer,
Miss Laura Bailey, '05.
The following have been elected
officers of the Young Women's
Christian Association for Ihe ensu
ing year: President, Miss Helen M.
Salisbury, '05; vice-president, Miss
lila Johnston, '07; corresponding
secretary, Miss Marguerite King,
'06; recording secretary, Miss
Elizabeth Brown, '05; treasurer,
Miss Laura Bailey, '05.
The following have been elected
officers of the Young Women's
Christian Association for Ihe ensu
ing year: President, Miss Helen M.
Salisbury, '05; vice-president, Miss
lila Johnston, '07; corresponding
secretary, Miss Marguerite King,
'06; recording secretary, Miss
Elizabeth Brown, '05; treasurer,
Miss Laura Bailey, '05.
