# UNDER THE WEATHER...
## 
### 
Palo Alto Ilosptial—Elizabeth Ar
rar, Leonard Deterding. Mrs. Geor
gie - Nell Fiek. Dolores Quantero,
Kendall Stanger.
Palo Alto Ilosptial—Elizabeth Ar
rar, Leonard Deterding. Mrs. Geor
gie - Nell Fiek. Dolores Quantero,
Kendall Stanger.
Palo Alto Ilosptial—Elizabeth Ar
rar, Leonard Deterding. Mrs. Geor
gie - Nell Fiek. Dolores Quantero,
Kendall Stanger.
Palo Alto Ilosptial—Elizabeth Ar
rar, Leonard Deterding. Mrs. Geor
gie - Nell Fiek. Dolores Quantero,
Kendall Stanger.
Palo Alto Ilosptial—Elizabeth Ar
rar, Leonard Deterding. Mrs. Geor
gie - Nell Fiek. Dolores Quantero,
Kendall Stanger.
Palo Alto Ilosptial—Elizabeth Ar
rar, Leonard Deterding. Mrs. Geor
gie - Nell Fiek. Dolores Quantero,
Kendall Stanger.
Palo Alto Ilosptial—Elizabeth Ar
rar, Leonard Deterding. Mrs. Geor
gie - Nell Fiek. Dolores Quantero,
Kendall Stanger.
Palo Alto Ilosptial—Elizabeth Ar
rar, Leonard Deterding. Mrs. Geor
gie - Nell Fiek. Dolores Quantero,
Kendall Stanger.
Palo Alto Ilosptial—Elizabeth Ar
rar, Leonard Deterding. Mrs. Geor
gie - Nell Fiek. Dolores Quantero,
Kendall Stanger.
Palo Alto Ilosptial—Elizabeth Ar
rar, Leonard Deterding. Mrs. Geor
gie - Nell Fiek. Dolores Quantero,
Kendall Stanger.
Palo Alto Ilosptial—Elizabeth Ar
rar, Leonard Deterding. Mrs. Geor
gie - Nell Fiek. Dolores Quantero,
Kendall Stanger.
Palo Alto Ilosptial—Elizabeth Ar
rar, Leonard Deterding. Mrs. Geor
gie - Nell Fiek. Dolores Quantero,
Kendall Stanger.
Palo Alto Ilosptial—Elizabeth Ar
rar, Leonard Deterding. Mrs. Geor
gie - Nell Fiek. Dolores Quantero,
Kendall Stanger.
Palo Alto Ilosptial—Elizabeth Ar
rar, Leonard Deterding. Mrs. Geor
gie - Nell Fiek. Dolores Quantero,
Kendall Stanger.
