# Untitled Article
## 
### 

ED JOHNSON (above), sporting
goods dealer, is sought by author
ities as a "missing" witness in
the shotgun ambush of Mickey
Cohen in Hollywood. His store
reportedly sold the shotguns
found near the scene of the
shooting.

ED JOHNSON (above), sporting
goods dealer, is sought by author
ities as a "missing" witness in
the shotgun ambush of Mickey
Cohen in Hollywood. His store
reportedly sold the shotguns
found near the scene of the
shooting.

ED JOHNSON (above), sporting
goods dealer, is sought by author
ities as a "missing" witness in
the shotgun ambush of Mickey
Cohen in Hollywood. His store
reportedly sold the shotguns
found near the scene of the
shooting.

ED JOHNSON (above), sporting
goods dealer, is sought by author
ities as a "missing" witness in
the shotgun ambush of Mickey
Cohen in Hollywood. His store
reportedly sold the shotguns
found near the scene of the
shooting.

ED JOHNSON (above), sporting
goods dealer, is sought by author
ities as a "missing" witness in
the shotgun ambush of Mickey
Cohen in Hollywood. His store
reportedly sold the shotguns
found near the scene of the
shooting.

ED JOHNSON (above), sporting
goods dealer, is sought by author
ities as a "missing" witness in
the shotgun ambush of Mickey
Cohen in Hollywood. His store
reportedly sold the shotguns
found near the scene of the
shooting.

ED JOHNSON (above), sporting
goods dealer, is sought by author
ities as a "missing" witness in
the shotgun ambush of Mickey
Cohen in Hollywood. His store
reportedly sold the shotguns
found near the scene of the
shooting.

ED JOHNSON (above), sporting
goods dealer, is sought by author
ities as a "missing" witness in
the shotgun ambush of Mickey
Cohen in Hollywood. His store
reportedly sold the shotguns
found near the scene of the
shooting.

ED JOHNSON (above), sporting
goods dealer, is sought by author
ities as a "missing" witness in
the shotgun ambush of Mickey
Cohen in Hollywood. His store
reportedly sold the shotguns
found near the scene of the
shooting.

ED JOHNSON (above), sporting
goods dealer, is sought by author
ities as a "missing" witness in
the shotgun ambush of Mickey
Cohen in Hollywood. His store
reportedly sold the shotguns
found near the scene of the
shooting.

ED JOHNSON (above), sporting
goods dealer, is sought by author
ities as a "missing" witness in
the shotgun ambush of Mickey
Cohen in Hollywood. His store
reportedly sold the shotguns
found near the scene of the
shooting.

ED JOHNSON (above), sporting
goods dealer, is sought by author
ities as a "missing" witness in
the shotgun ambush of Mickey
Cohen in Hollywood. His store
reportedly sold the shotguns
found near the scene of the
shooting.

ED JOHNSON (above), sporting
goods dealer, is sought by author
ities as a "missing" witness in
the shotgun ambush of Mickey
Cohen in Hollywood. His store
reportedly sold the shotguns
found near the scene of the
shooting.

ED JOHNSON (above), sporting
goods dealer, is sought by author
ities as a "missing" witness in
the shotgun ambush of Mickey
Cohen in Hollywood. His store
reportedly sold the shotguns
found near the scene of the
shooting.
