# OH, FOR A BAND
## 
### 
Criticism in generous proportions
has been meted out to the Stanford
Rand since Friday; and justly de
served is this criticism. Many have
been the exclamations, Oh, for a
band! And by that is meant a band
that will not exist merely in name,
but one that can be relied on at all
times. It seems that orders were is
sued early in the week that the band
would not play at the first intercol
legiate ball game. Later these were
countermanded and the men told to
appear in uniforms with thei,r instru
ments at the appointed time. Six or
eight men obeyed orders and were on
hand when the umpire called the
game. Inefficient management or lack
of interest on the part of individual
members of the band accounts for the
non-appearance of the band as a unit.
This has been the case several times
this semester when the band has
played with sadly depleted ranks. As
a rule the band manifests a willing
ness to be of service whereve.r pos
sible on the campus, but there are
some members who show a decided
lack of interest. Oh, for a band in
which every member has the right
spirit!
Criticism in generous proportions
has been meted out to the Stanford
Rand since Friday; and justly de
served is this criticism. Many have
been the exclamations, Oh, for a
band! And by that is meant a band
that will not exist merely in name,
but one that can be relied on at all
times. It seems that orders were is
sued early in the week that the band
would not play at the first intercol
legiate ball game. Later these were
countermanded and the men told to
appear in uniforms with thei,r instru
ments at the appointed time. Six or
eight men obeyed orders and were on
hand when the umpire called the
game. Inefficient management or lack
of interest on the part of individual
members of the band accounts for the
non-appearance of the band as a unit.
This has been the case several times
this semester when the band has
played with sadly depleted ranks. As
a rule the band manifests a willing
ness to be of service whereve.r pos
sible on the campus, but there are
some members who show a decided
lack of interest. Oh, for a band in
which every member has the right
spirit!
Criticism in generous proportions
has been meted out to the Stanford
Rand since Friday; and justly de
served is this criticism. Many have
been the exclamations, Oh, for a
band! And by that is meant a band
that will not exist merely in name,
but one that can be relied on at all
times. It seems that orders were is
sued early in the week that the band
would not play at the first intercol
legiate ball game. Later these were
countermanded and the men told to
appear in uniforms with thei,r instru
ments at the appointed time. Six or
eight men obeyed orders and were on
hand when the umpire called the
game. Inefficient management or lack
of interest on the part of individual
members of the band accounts for the
non-appearance of the band as a unit.
This has been the case several times
this semester when the band has
played with sadly depleted ranks. As
a rule the band manifests a willing
ness to be of service whereve.r pos
sible on the campus, but there are
some members who show a decided
lack of interest. Oh, for a band in
which every member has the right
spirit!
Criticism in generous proportions
has been meted out to the Stanford
Rand since Friday; and justly de
served is this criticism. Many have
been the exclamations, Oh, for a
band! And by that is meant a band
that will not exist merely in name,
but one that can be relied on at all
times. It seems that orders were is
sued early in the week that the band
would not play at the first intercol
legiate ball game. Later these were
countermanded and the men told to
appear in uniforms with thei,r instru
ments at the appointed time. Six or
eight men obeyed orders and were on
hand when the umpire called the
game. Inefficient management or lack
of interest on the part of individual
members of the band accounts for the
non-appearance of the band as a unit.
This has been the case several times
this semester when the band has
played with sadly depleted ranks. As
a rule the band manifests a willing
ness to be of service whereve.r pos
sible on the campus, but there are
some members who show a decided
lack of interest. Oh, for a band in
which every member has the right
spirit!
Criticism in generous proportions
has been meted out to the Stanford
Rand since Friday; and justly de
served is this criticism. Many have
been the exclamations, Oh, for a
band! And by that is meant a band
that will not exist merely in name,
but one that can be relied on at all
times. It seems that orders were is
sued early in the week that the band
would not play at the first intercol
legiate ball game. Later these were
countermanded and the men told to
appear in uniforms with thei,r instru
ments at the appointed time. Six or
eight men obeyed orders and were on
hand when the umpire called the
game. Inefficient management or lack
of interest on the part of individual
members of the band accounts for the
non-appearance of the band as a unit.
This has been the case several times
this semester when the band has
played with sadly depleted ranks. As
a rule the band manifests a willing
ness to be of service whereve.r pos
sible on the campus, but there are
some members who show a decided
lack of interest. Oh, for a band in
which every member has the right
spirit!
Criticism in generous proportions
has been meted out to the Stanford
Rand since Friday; and justly de
served is this criticism. Many have
been the exclamations, Oh, for a
band! And by that is meant a band
that will not exist merely in name,
but one that can be relied on at all
times. It seems that orders were is
sued early in the week that the band
would not play at the first intercol
legiate ball game. Later these were
countermanded and the men told to
appear in uniforms with thei,r instru
ments at the appointed time. Six or
eight men obeyed orders and were on
hand when the umpire called the
game. Inefficient management or lack
of interest on the part of individual
members of the band accounts for the
non-appearance of the band as a unit.
This has been the case several times
this semester when the band has
played with sadly depleted ranks. As
a rule the band manifests a willing
ness to be of service whereve.r pos
sible on the campus, but there are
some members who show a decided
lack of interest. Oh, for a band in
which every member has the right
spirit!
Criticism in generous proportions
has been meted out to the Stanford
Rand since Friday; and justly de
served is this criticism. Many have
been the exclamations, Oh, for a
band! And by that is meant a band
that will not exist merely in name,
but one that can be relied on at all
times. It seems that orders were is
sued early in the week that the band
would not play at the first intercol
legiate ball game. Later these were
countermanded and the men told to
appear in uniforms with thei,r instru
ments at the appointed time. Six or
eight men obeyed orders and were on
hand when the umpire called the
game. Inefficient management or lack
of interest on the part of individual
members of the band accounts for the
non-appearance of the band as a unit.
This has been the case several times
this semester when the band has
played with sadly depleted ranks. As
a rule the band manifests a willing
ness to be of service whereve.r pos
sible on the campus, but there are
some members who show a decided
lack of interest. Oh, for a band in
which every member has the right
spirit!
Criticism in generous proportions
has been meted out to the Stanford
Rand since Friday; and justly de
served is this criticism. Many have
been the exclamations, Oh, for a
band! And by that is meant a band
that will not exist merely in name,
but one that can be relied on at all
times. It seems that orders were is
sued early in the week that the band
would not play at the first intercol
legiate ball game. Later these were
countermanded and the men told to
appear in uniforms with thei,r instru
ments at the appointed time. Six or
eight men obeyed orders and were on
hand when the umpire called the
game. Inefficient management or lack
of interest on the part of individual
members of the band accounts for the
non-appearance of the band as a unit.
This has been the case several times
this semester when the band has
played with sadly depleted ranks. As
a rule the band manifests a willing
ness to be of service whereve.r pos
sible on the campus, but there are
some members who show a decided
lack of interest. Oh, for a band in
which every member has the right
spirit!
Criticism in generous proportions
has been meted out to the Stanford
Rand since Friday; and justly de
served is this criticism. Many have
been the exclamations, Oh, for a
band! And by that is meant a band
that will not exist merely in name,
but one that can be relied on at all
times. It seems that orders were is
sued early in the week that the band
would not play at the first intercol
legiate ball game. Later these were
countermanded and the men told to
appear in uniforms with thei,r instru
ments at the appointed time. Six or
eight men obeyed orders and were on
hand when the umpire called the
game. Inefficient management or lack
of interest on the part of individual
members of the band accounts for the
non-appearance of the band as a unit.
This has been the case several times
this semester when the band has
played with sadly depleted ranks. As
a rule the band manifests a willing
ness to be of service whereve.r pos
sible on the campus, but there are
some members who show a decided
lack of interest. Oh, for a band in
which every member has the right
spirit!
Criticism in generous proportions
has been meted out to the Stanford
Rand since Friday; and justly de
served is this criticism. Many have
been the exclamations, Oh, for a
band! And by that is meant a band
that will not exist merely in name,
but one that can be relied on at all
times. It seems that orders were is
sued early in the week that the band
would not play at the first intercol
legiate ball game. Later these were
countermanded and the men told to
appear in uniforms with thei,r instru
ments at the appointed time. Six or
eight men obeyed orders and were on
hand when the umpire called the
game. Inefficient management or lack
of interest on the part of individual
members of the band accounts for the
non-appearance of the band as a unit.
This has been the case several times
this semester when the band has
played with sadly depleted ranks. As
a rule the band manifests a willing
ness to be of service whereve.r pos
sible on the campus, but there are
some members who show a decided
lack of interest. Oh, for a band in
which every member has the right
spirit!
Criticism in generous proportions
has been meted out to the Stanford
Rand since Friday; and justly de
served is this criticism. Many have
been the exclamations, Oh, for a
band! And by that is meant a band
that will not exist merely in name,
but one that can be relied on at all
times. It seems that orders were is
sued early in the week that the band
would not play at the first intercol
legiate ball game. Later these were
countermanded and the men told to
appear in uniforms with thei,r instru
ments at the appointed time. Six or
eight men obeyed orders and were on
hand when the umpire called the
game. Inefficient management or lack
of interest on the part of individual
members of the band accounts for the
non-appearance of the band as a unit.
This has been the case several times
this semester when the band has
played with sadly depleted ranks. As
a rule the band manifests a willing
ness to be of service whereve.r pos
sible on the campus, but there are
some members who show a decided
lack of interest. Oh, for a band in
which every member has the right
spirit!
Criticism in generous proportions
has been meted out to the Stanford
Rand since Friday; and justly de
served is this criticism. Many have
been the exclamations, Oh, for a
band! And by that is meant a band
that will not exist merely in name,
but one that can be relied on at all
times. It seems that orders were is
sued early in the week that the band
would not play at the first intercol
legiate ball game. Later these were
countermanded and the men told to
appear in uniforms with thei,r instru
ments at the appointed time. Six or
eight men obeyed orders and were on
hand when the umpire called the
game. Inefficient management or lack
of interest on the part of individual
members of the band accounts for the
non-appearance of the band as a unit.
This has been the case several times
this semester when the band has
played with sadly depleted ranks. As
a rule the band manifests a willing
ness to be of service whereve.r pos
sible on the campus, but there are
some members who show a decided
lack of interest. Oh, for a band in
which every member has the right
spirit!
Criticism in generous proportions
has been meted out to the Stanford
Rand since Friday; and justly de
served is this criticism. Many have
been the exclamations, Oh, for a
band! And by that is meant a band
that will not exist merely in name,
but one that can be relied on at all
times. It seems that orders were is
sued early in the week that the band
would not play at the first intercol
legiate ball game. Later these were
countermanded and the men told to
appear in uniforms with thei,r instru
ments at the appointed time. Six or
eight men obeyed orders and were on
hand when the umpire called the
game. Inefficient management or lack
of interest on the part of individual
members of the band accounts for the
non-appearance of the band as a unit.
This has been the case several times
this semester when the band has
played with sadly depleted ranks. As
a rule the band manifests a willing
ness to be of service whereve.r pos
sible on the campus, but there are
some members who show a decided
lack of interest. Oh, for a band in
which every member has the right
spirit!
