# Radio Institute Previewed on Air
## 
### 
A showcase of the Stanford-NBC
Institute, which will be held June
19 to Aug. 16 on the campus, was
heard yesterday over KPO at 9:30
a.m.
Members of the Institute faculty
spoke briefly in regard to the accom
plishments of the Institute in pre
paring young people for radio, and
described courses offered in the In
stitute.
A showcase of the Stanford-NBC
Institute, which will be held June
19 to Aug. 16 on the campus, was
heard yesterday over KPO at 9:30
a.m.
Members of the Institute faculty
spoke briefly in regard to the accom
plishments of the Institute in pre
paring young people for radio, and
described courses offered in the In
stitute.
A showcase of the Stanford-NBC
Institute, which will be held June
19 to Aug. 16 on the campus, was
heard yesterday over KPO at 9:30
a.m.
Members of the Institute faculty
spoke briefly in regard to the accom
plishments of the Institute in pre
paring young people for radio, and
described courses offered in the In
stitute.
A showcase of the Stanford-NBC
Institute, which will be held June
19 to Aug. 16 on the campus, was
heard yesterday over KPO at 9:30
a.m.
Members of the Institute faculty
spoke briefly in regard to the accom
plishments of the Institute in pre
paring young people for radio, and
described courses offered in the In
stitute.
A showcase of the Stanford-NBC
Institute, which will be held June
19 to Aug. 16 on the campus, was
heard yesterday over KPO at 9:30
a.m.
Members of the Institute faculty
spoke briefly in regard to the accom
plishments of the Institute in pre
paring young people for radio, and
described courses offered in the In
stitute.
A showcase of the Stanford-NBC
Institute, which will be held June
19 to Aug. 16 on the campus, was
heard yesterday over KPO at 9:30
a.m.
Members of the Institute faculty
spoke briefly in regard to the accom
plishments of the Institute in pre
paring young people for radio, and
described courses offered in the In
stitute.
A showcase of the Stanford-NBC
Institute, which will be held June
19 to Aug. 16 on the campus, was
heard yesterday over KPO at 9:30
a.m.
Members of the Institute faculty
spoke briefly in regard to the accom
plishments of the Institute in pre
paring young people for radio, and
described courses offered in the In
stitute.
A showcase of the Stanford-NBC
Institute, which will be held June
19 to Aug. 16 on the campus, was
heard yesterday over KPO at 9:30
a.m.
Members of the Institute faculty
spoke briefly in regard to the accom
plishments of the Institute in pre
paring young people for radio, and
described courses offered in the In
stitute.
A showcase of the Stanford-NBC
Institute, which will be held June
19 to Aug. 16 on the campus, was
heard yesterday over KPO at 9:30
a.m.
Members of the Institute faculty
spoke briefly in regard to the accom
plishments of the Institute in pre
paring young people for radio, and
described courses offered in the In
stitute.
A showcase of the Stanford-NBC
Institute, which will be held June
19 to Aug. 16 on the campus, was
heard yesterday over KPO at 9:30
a.m.
Members of the Institute faculty
spoke briefly in regard to the accom
plishments of the Institute in pre
paring young people for radio, and
described courses offered in the In
stitute.
A showcase of the Stanford-NBC
Institute, which will be held June
19 to Aug. 16 on the campus, was
heard yesterday over KPO at 9:30
a.m.
Members of the Institute faculty
spoke briefly in regard to the accom
plishments of the Institute in pre
paring young people for radio, and
described courses offered in the In
stitute.
A showcase of the Stanford-NBC
Institute, which will be held June
19 to Aug. 16 on the campus, was
heard yesterday over KPO at 9:30
a.m.
Members of the Institute faculty
spoke briefly in regard to the accom
plishments of the Institute in pre
paring young people for radio, and
described courses offered in the In
stitute.
A showcase of the Stanford-NBC
Institute, which will be held June
19 to Aug. 16 on the campus, was
heard yesterday over KPO at 9:30
a.m.
Members of the Institute faculty
spoke briefly in regard to the accom
plishments of the Institute in pre
paring young people for radio, and
described courses offered in the In
stitute.
A showcase of the Stanford-NBC
Institute, which will be held June
19 to Aug. 16 on the campus, was
heard yesterday over KPO at 9:30
a.m.
Members of the Institute faculty
spoke briefly in regard to the accom
plishments of the Institute in pre
paring young people for radio, and
described courses offered in the In
stitute.
A showcase of the Stanford-NBC
Institute, which will be held June
19 to Aug. 16 on the campus, was
heard yesterday over KPO at 9:30
a.m.
Members of the Institute faculty
spoke briefly in regard to the accom
plishments of the Institute in pre
paring young people for radio, and
described courses offered in the In
stitute.
