# Veterans Offered Job Scholarships
## 
### 
Senior or graduate veterarts in- I
terested in future governmental C a- !
reers may apply lor $100 a month
government scholarships. They will
be interviewed Thursday between 3
and (5 p.m. by representatives of
the Coro Foundation of San Fran
cisco. The meeting will be held in
room 822. Pacific Building, 821 Mar
ket Street, San Francisco.
These preliminary-interviews are
for students who have not already
received application blanks in con
nection with the internship-in-gov
ernment program.
Twelve men and women will be
selected, each of them receiving a
total of $900 for the nine months'

course. The program of training is
authorize*! by the Civil Service
Commission of San Francisco.
The 12 interns will be named near
the end of June following a final
appearance before a selection board.
