# All Village Apartments To Be Finished Today
## 
### 
The last of the 300 apartments at
the Village will be finished today,
Business Manager Alf E. Brandin
announced.
The apartments, which house mar
ried students, were built by the
Federal Public Housing Authority.
The last of the 300 apartments at
the Village will be finished today,
Business Manager Alf E. Brandin
announced.
The apartments, which house mar
ried students, were built by the
Federal Public Housing Authority.
The last of the 300 apartments at
the Village will be finished today,
Business Manager Alf E. Brandin
announced.
The apartments, which house mar
ried students, were built by the
Federal Public Housing Authority.
The last of the 300 apartments at
the Village will be finished today,
Business Manager Alf E. Brandin
announced.
The apartments, which house mar
ried students, were built by the
Federal Public Housing Authority.
The last of the 300 apartments at
the Village will be finished today,
Business Manager Alf E. Brandin
announced.
The apartments, which house mar
ried students, were built by the
Federal Public Housing Authority.
The last of the 300 apartments at
the Village will be finished today,
Business Manager Alf E. Brandin
announced.
The apartments, which house mar
ried students, were built by the
Federal Public Housing Authority.
The last of the 300 apartments at
the Village will be finished today,
Business Manager Alf E. Brandin
announced.
The apartments, which house mar
ried students, were built by the
Federal Public Housing Authority.
The last of the 300 apartments at
the Village will be finished today,
Business Manager Alf E. Brandin
announced.
The apartments, which house mar
ried students, were built by the
Federal Public Housing Authority.
The last of the 300 apartments at
the Village will be finished today,
Business Manager Alf E. Brandin
announced.
The apartments, which house mar
ried students, were built by the
Federal Public Housing Authority.
The last of the 300 apartments at
the Village will be finished today,
Business Manager Alf E. Brandin
announced.
The apartments, which house mar
ried students, were built by the
Federal Public Housing Authority.
The last of the 300 apartments at
the Village will be finished today,
Business Manager Alf E. Brandin
announced.
The apartments, which house mar
ried students, were built by the
Federal Public Housing Authority.
The last of the 300 apartments at
the Village will be finished today,
Business Manager Alf E. Brandin
announced.
The apartments, which house mar
ried students, were built by the
Federal Public Housing Authority.
The last of the 300 apartments at
the Village will be finished today,
Business Manager Alf E. Brandin
announced.
The apartments, which house mar
ried students, were built by the
Federal Public Housing Authority.
The last of the 300 apartments at
the Village will be finished today,
Business Manager Alf E. Brandin
announced.
The apartments, which house mar
ried students, were built by the
Federal Public Housing Authority.
The last of the 300 apartments at
the Village will be finished today,
Business Manager Alf E. Brandin
announced.
The apartments, which house mar
ried students, were built by the
Federal Public Housing Authority.
