# Four Farm Squads Beaten; Patton Steals Modesto Show
## track ... 
### 
Mel Patton, USC's lanky sprinter,
joined the ranks of the "world's
fastest humans" Saturday night in
the Sixth Annual California Relays
at Modesto as he ran the 100-yard
dash in 9.4 seconds.
It is expected that the National
AAU will accept the mark and place
Patton's name along with those of
three former track greats who also
ran the century in 9.4â€”Clyde Jef
frey of Stanford, Frank WykofT of
USC; and Jesse Owens of Ohio
State.
Patton's record performance high
lighted a program that saw USC
nose out the San Francisco Olympic
Club with 44 5/6 points to 39 l in
the open class division.
Coach Jack Weiershauser's Stan
ford team finished eighth with a
total of eight points. The Indians
compiled their score with a third
place in the two - mile relay and
fourth places in the medley relay
and the mile relay.
