# Asia ire, Rogers In Top Hat' Sunday
## 
### 
"Top Hat," a musical starring Fred
Astaire and Ginger Rogers as a
dance team, will be the Wardlaw
Winner at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday. Edward Everett Horton
and Helen Broderick play support
ing roles.
Of special interest to Junior
Thunder Riders! This will be the
last movie this quarter, and will
show the final episode of "Phantom
Empire."
"Top Hat," a musical starring Fred
Astaire and Ginger Rogers as a
dance team, will be the Wardlaw
Winner at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday. Edward Everett Horton
and Helen Broderick play support
ing roles.
Of special interest to Junior
Thunder Riders! This will be the
last movie this quarter, and will
show the final episode of "Phantom
Empire."
"Top Hat," a musical starring Fred
Astaire and Ginger Rogers as a
dance team, will be the Wardlaw
Winner at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday. Edward Everett Horton
and Helen Broderick play support
ing roles.
Of special interest to Junior
Thunder Riders! This will be the
last movie this quarter, and will
show the final episode of "Phantom
Empire."
"Top Hat," a musical starring Fred
Astaire and Ginger Rogers as a
dance team, will be the Wardlaw
Winner at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday. Edward Everett Horton
and Helen Broderick play support
ing roles.
Of special interest to Junior
Thunder Riders! This will be the
last movie this quarter, and will
show the final episode of "Phantom
Empire."
"Top Hat," a musical starring Fred
Astaire and Ginger Rogers as a
dance team, will be the Wardlaw
Winner at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday. Edward Everett Horton
and Helen Broderick play support
ing roles.
Of special interest to Junior
Thunder Riders! This will be the
last movie this quarter, and will
show the final episode of "Phantom
Empire."
"Top Hat," a musical starring Fred
Astaire and Ginger Rogers as a
dance team, will be the Wardlaw
Winner at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday. Edward Everett Horton
and Helen Broderick play support
ing roles.
Of special interest to Junior
Thunder Riders! This will be the
last movie this quarter, and will
show the final episode of "Phantom
Empire."
"Top Hat," a musical starring Fred
Astaire and Ginger Rogers as a
dance team, will be the Wardlaw
Winner at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday. Edward Everett Horton
and Helen Broderick play support
ing roles.
Of special interest to Junior
Thunder Riders! This will be the
last movie this quarter, and will
show the final episode of "Phantom
Empire."
"Top Hat," a musical starring Fred
Astaire and Ginger Rogers as a
dance team, will be the Wardlaw
Winner at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday. Edward Everett Horton
and Helen Broderick play support
ing roles.
Of special interest to Junior
Thunder Riders! This will be the
last movie this quarter, and will
show the final episode of "Phantom
Empire."
"Top Hat," a musical starring Fred
Astaire and Ginger Rogers as a
dance team, will be the Wardlaw
Winner at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday. Edward Everett Horton
and Helen Broderick play support
ing roles.
Of special interest to Junior
Thunder Riders! This will be the
last movie this quarter, and will
show the final episode of "Phantom
Empire."
"Top Hat," a musical starring Fred
Astaire and Ginger Rogers as a
dance team, will be the Wardlaw
Winner at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday. Edward Everett Horton
and Helen Broderick play support
ing roles.
Of special interest to Junior
Thunder Riders! This will be the
last movie this quarter, and will
show the final episode of "Phantom
Empire."
"Top Hat," a musical starring Fred
Astaire and Ginger Rogers as a
dance team, will be the Wardlaw
Winner at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday. Edward Everett Horton
and Helen Broderick play support
ing roles.
Of special interest to Junior
Thunder Riders! This will be the
last movie this quarter, and will
show the final episode of "Phantom
Empire."
"Top Hat," a musical starring Fred
Astaire and Ginger Rogers as a
dance team, will be the Wardlaw
Winner at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday. Edward Everett Horton
and Helen Broderick play support
ing roles.
Of special interest to Junior
Thunder Riders! This will be the
last movie this quarter, and will
show the final episode of "Phantom
Empire."
"Top Hat," a musical starring Fred
Astaire and Ginger Rogers as a
dance team, will be the Wardlaw
Winner at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday. Edward Everett Horton
and Helen Broderick play support
ing roles.
Of special interest to Junior
Thunder Riders! This will be the
last movie this quarter, and will
show the final episode of "Phantom
Empire."
"Top Hat," a musical starring Fred
Astaire and Ginger Rogers as a
dance team, will be the Wardlaw
Winner at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday. Edward Everett Horton
and Helen Broderick play support
ing roles.
Of special interest to Junior
Thunder Riders! This will be the
last movie this quarter, and will
show the final episode of "Phantom
Empire."
"Top Hat," a musical starring Fred
Astaire and Ginger Rogers as a
dance team, will be the Wardlaw
Winner at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday. Edward Everett Horton
and Helen Broderick play support
ing roles.
Of special interest to Junior
Thunder Riders! This will be the
last movie this quarter, and will
show the final episode of "Phantom
Empire."
