# De Grazia to Talk In Capital Tonight
## 
### 
Stanford political scientist Dr. Al
fred de Grazia, who out-predicted
television's famous electronic brain,
Univac, in last fall's Congressional
election, will be a featured speaker
at the Brookings Institute in Wash
ington, D.C., tonight.
Professor de Grazia will discuss
"Research on Voters and Elections"
before a distinguished audience of
invited government administrators,
Congressmen, and scholars.
De Grazia forecast the Democratic
capture of 1 Congress in his book,
"The Western Public: 1952 and Be
yond." published just before the
election by the Stanford University
Press.
The Stanford scientist's field of
specialization is political behavior,
the study of political activities and
attitudes of the population and of
political leaders.
Stanford political scientist Dr. Al
fred de Grazia, who out-predicted
television's famous electronic brain,
Univac, in last fall's Congressional
election, will be a featured speaker
at the Brookings Institute in Wash
ington, D.C., tonight.
Professor de Grazia will discuss
"Research on Voters and Elections"
before a distinguished audience of
invited government administrators,
Congressmen, and scholars.
De Grazia forecast the Democratic
capture of 1 Congress in his book,
"The Western Public: 1952 and Be
yond." published just before the
election by the Stanford University
Press.
The Stanford scientist's field of
specialization is political behavior,
the study of political activities and
attitudes of the population and of
political leaders.
Stanford political scientist Dr. Al
fred de Grazia, who out-predicted
television's famous electronic brain,
Univac, in last fall's Congressional
election, will be a featured speaker
at the Brookings Institute in Wash
ington, D.C., tonight.
Professor de Grazia will discuss
"Research on Voters and Elections"
before a distinguished audience of
invited government administrators,
Congressmen, and scholars.
De Grazia forecast the Democratic
capture of 1 Congress in his book,
"The Western Public: 1952 and Be
yond." published just before the
election by the Stanford University
Press.
The Stanford scientist's field of
specialization is political behavior,
the study of political activities and
attitudes of the population and of
political leaders.
Stanford political scientist Dr. Al
fred de Grazia, who out-predicted
television's famous electronic brain,
Univac, in last fall's Congressional
election, will be a featured speaker
at the Brookings Institute in Wash
ington, D.C., tonight.
Professor de Grazia will discuss
"Research on Voters and Elections"
before a distinguished audience of
invited government administrators,
Congressmen, and scholars.
De Grazia forecast the Democratic
capture of 1 Congress in his book,
"The Western Public: 1952 and Be
yond." published just before the
election by the Stanford University
Press.
The Stanford scientist's field of
specialization is political behavior,
the study of political activities and
attitudes of the population and of
political leaders.
Stanford political scientist Dr. Al
fred de Grazia, who out-predicted
television's famous electronic brain,
Univac, in last fall's Congressional
election, will be a featured speaker
at the Brookings Institute in Wash
ington, D.C., tonight.
Professor de Grazia will discuss
"Research on Voters and Elections"
before a distinguished audience of
invited government administrators,
Congressmen, and scholars.
De Grazia forecast the Democratic
capture of 1 Congress in his book,
"The Western Public: 1952 and Be
yond." published just before the
election by the Stanford University
Press.
The Stanford scientist's field of
specialization is political behavior,
the study of political activities and
attitudes of the population and of
political leaders.
Stanford political scientist Dr. Al
fred de Grazia, who out-predicted
television's famous electronic brain,
Univac, in last fall's Congressional
election, will be a featured speaker
at the Brookings Institute in Wash
ington, D.C., tonight.
Professor de Grazia will discuss
"Research on Voters and Elections"
before a distinguished audience of
invited government administrators,
Congressmen, and scholars.
De Grazia forecast the Democratic
capture of 1 Congress in his book,
"The Western Public: 1952 and Be
yond." published just before the
election by the Stanford University
Press.
The Stanford scientist's field of
specialization is political behavior,
the study of political activities and
attitudes of the population and of
political leaders.
Stanford political scientist Dr. Al
fred de Grazia, who out-predicted
television's famous electronic brain,
Univac, in last fall's Congressional
election, will be a featured speaker
at the Brookings Institute in Wash
ington, D.C., tonight.
Professor de Grazia will discuss
"Research on Voters and Elections"
before a distinguished audience of
invited government administrators,
Congressmen, and scholars.
De Grazia forecast the Democratic
capture of 1 Congress in his book,
"The Western Public: 1952 and Be
yond." published just before the
election by the Stanford University
Press.
The Stanford scientist's field of
specialization is political behavior,
the study of political activities and
attitudes of the population and of
political leaders.
Stanford political scientist Dr. Al
fred de Grazia, who out-predicted
television's famous electronic brain,
Univac, in last fall's Congressional
election, will be a featured speaker
at the Brookings Institute in Wash
ington, D.C., tonight.
Professor de Grazia will discuss
"Research on Voters and Elections"
before a distinguished audience of
invited government administrators,
Congressmen, and scholars.
De Grazia forecast the Democratic
capture of 1 Congress in his book,
"The Western Public: 1952 and Be
yond." published just before the
election by the Stanford University
Press.
The Stanford scientist's field of
specialization is political behavior,
the study of political activities and
attitudes of the population and of
political leaders.
Stanford political scientist Dr. Al
fred de Grazia, who out-predicted
television's famous electronic brain,
Univac, in last fall's Congressional
election, will be a featured speaker
at the Brookings Institute in Wash
ington, D.C., tonight.
Professor de Grazia will discuss
"Research on Voters and Elections"
before a distinguished audience of
invited government administrators,
Congressmen, and scholars.
De Grazia forecast the Democratic
capture of 1 Congress in his book,
"The Western Public: 1952 and Be
yond." published just before the
election by the Stanford University
Press.
The Stanford scientist's field of
specialization is political behavior,
the study of political activities and
attitudes of the population and of
political leaders.
Stanford political scientist Dr. Al
fred de Grazia, who out-predicted
television's famous electronic brain,
Univac, in last fall's Congressional
election, will be a featured speaker
at the Brookings Institute in Wash
ington, D.C., tonight.
Professor de Grazia will discuss
"Research on Voters and Elections"
before a distinguished audience of
invited government administrators,
Congressmen, and scholars.
De Grazia forecast the Democratic
capture of 1 Congress in his book,
"The Western Public: 1952 and Be
yond." published just before the
election by the Stanford University
Press.
The Stanford scientist's field of
specialization is political behavior,
the study of political activities and
attitudes of the population and of
political leaders.
Stanford political scientist Dr. Al
fred de Grazia, who out-predicted
television's famous electronic brain,
Univac, in last fall's Congressional
election, will be a featured speaker
at the Brookings Institute in Wash
ington, D.C., tonight.
Professor de Grazia will discuss
"Research on Voters and Elections"
before a distinguished audience of
invited government administrators,
Congressmen, and scholars.
De Grazia forecast the Democratic
capture of 1 Congress in his book,
"The Western Public: 1952 and Be
yond." published just before the
election by the Stanford University
Press.
The Stanford scientist's field of
specialization is political behavior,
the study of political activities and
attitudes of the population and of
political leaders.
Stanford political scientist Dr. Al
fred de Grazia, who out-predicted
television's famous electronic brain,
Univac, in last fall's Congressional
election, will be a featured speaker
at the Brookings Institute in Wash
ington, D.C., tonight.
Professor de Grazia will discuss
"Research on Voters and Elections"
before a distinguished audience of
invited government administrators,
Congressmen, and scholars.
De Grazia forecast the Democratic
capture of 1 Congress in his book,
"The Western Public: 1952 and Be
yond." published just before the
election by the Stanford University
Press.
The Stanford scientist's field of
specialization is political behavior,
the study of political activities and
attitudes of the population and of
political leaders.
Stanford political scientist Dr. Al
fred de Grazia, who out-predicted
television's famous electronic brain,
Univac, in last fall's Congressional
election, will be a featured speaker
at the Brookings Institute in Wash
ington, D.C., tonight.
Professor de Grazia will discuss
"Research on Voters and Elections"
before a distinguished audience of
invited government administrators,
Congressmen, and scholars.
De Grazia forecast the Democratic
capture of 1 Congress in his book,
"The Western Public: 1952 and Be
yond." published just before the
election by the Stanford University
Press.
The Stanford scientist's field of
specialization is political behavior,
the study of political activities and
attitudes of the population and of
political leaders.
Stanford political scientist Dr. Al
fred de Grazia, who out-predicted
television's famous electronic brain,
Univac, in last fall's Congressional
election, will be a featured speaker
at the Brookings Institute in Wash
ington, D.C., tonight.
Professor de Grazia will discuss
"Research on Voters and Elections"
before a distinguished audience of
invited government administrators,
Congressmen, and scholars.
De Grazia forecast the Democratic
capture of 1 Congress in his book,
"The Western Public: 1952 and Be
yond." published just before the
election by the Stanford University
Press.
The Stanford scientist's field of
specialization is political behavior,
the study of political activities and
attitudes of the population and of
political leaders.
Stanford political scientist Dr. Al
fred de Grazia, who out-predicted
television's famous electronic brain,
Univac, in last fall's Congressional
election, will be a featured speaker
at the Brookings Institute in Wash
ington, D.C., tonight.
Professor de Grazia will discuss
"Research on Voters and Elections"
before a distinguished audience of
invited government administrators,
Congressmen, and scholars.
De Grazia forecast the Democratic
capture of 1 Congress in his book,
"The Western Public: 1952 and Be
yond." published just before the
election by the Stanford University
Press.
The Stanford scientist's field of
specialization is political behavior,
the study of political activities and
attitudes of the population and of
political leaders.
