# RIFLE MATCH
## 
### 
Santa Clara varsity rifle team will
come to the Stanford rifle range for
a rifle match tonight at 7:30. The
two teams have met once before this
year, and Santa Clara was the vic
tor bv a score of 1,391 to 1,376.
Santa Clara varsity rifle team will
come to the Stanford rifle range for
a rifle match tonight at 7:30. The
two teams have met once before this
year, and Santa Clara was the vic
tor bv a score of 1,391 to 1,376.
Santa Clara varsity rifle team will
come to the Stanford rifle range for
a rifle match tonight at 7:30. The
two teams have met once before this
year, and Santa Clara was the vic
tor bv a score of 1,391 to 1,376.
Santa Clara varsity rifle team will
come to the Stanford rifle range for
a rifle match tonight at 7:30. The
two teams have met once before this
year, and Santa Clara was the vic
tor bv a score of 1,391 to 1,376.
Santa Clara varsity rifle team will
come to the Stanford rifle range for
a rifle match tonight at 7:30. The
two teams have met once before this
year, and Santa Clara was the vic
tor bv a score of 1,391 to 1,376.
Santa Clara varsity rifle team will
come to the Stanford rifle range for
a rifle match tonight at 7:30. The
two teams have met once before this
year, and Santa Clara was the vic
tor bv a score of 1,391 to 1,376.
Santa Clara varsity rifle team will
come to the Stanford rifle range for
a rifle match tonight at 7:30. The
two teams have met once before this
year, and Santa Clara was the vic
tor bv a score of 1,391 to 1,376.
Santa Clara varsity rifle team will
come to the Stanford rifle range for
a rifle match tonight at 7:30. The
two teams have met once before this
year, and Santa Clara was the vic
tor bv a score of 1,391 to 1,376.
Santa Clara varsity rifle team will
come to the Stanford rifle range for
a rifle match tonight at 7:30. The
two teams have met once before this
year, and Santa Clara was the vic
tor bv a score of 1,391 to 1,376.
Santa Clara varsity rifle team will
come to the Stanford rifle range for
a rifle match tonight at 7:30. The
two teams have met once before this
year, and Santa Clara was the vic
tor bv a score of 1,391 to 1,376.
Santa Clara varsity rifle team will
come to the Stanford rifle range for
a rifle match tonight at 7:30. The
two teams have met once before this
year, and Santa Clara was the vic
tor bv a score of 1,391 to 1,376.
Santa Clara varsity rifle team will
come to the Stanford rifle range for
a rifle match tonight at 7:30. The
two teams have met once before this
year, and Santa Clara was the vic
tor bv a score of 1,391 to 1,376.
Santa Clara varsity rifle team will
come to the Stanford rifle range for
a rifle match tonight at 7:30. The
two teams have met once before this
year, and Santa Clara was the vic
tor bv a score of 1,391 to 1,376.
Santa Clara varsity rifle team will
come to the Stanford rifle range for
a rifle match tonight at 7:30. The
two teams have met once before this
year, and Santa Clara was the vic
tor bv a score of 1,391 to 1,376.
Santa Clara varsity rifle team will
come to the Stanford rifle range for
a rifle match tonight at 7:30. The
two teams have met once before this
year, and Santa Clara was the vic
tor bv a score of 1,391 to 1,376.
