# Debating Tryout Monday Night.
## 
### 
The preliminary tryout for the in
tercollegiate debating team will be
held in the University Chapel Mon
day evening at 7:30. Although
twenty-five debaters recently signed
up for this tryout, the number of
contestants has greatly dwindled as
u result of the excitement incident
to the discussion between the Stu
dent Affairs Committee and the stu
dents, the preparation of many of
the debaters having been interfered
with materially.
Registrar O. 1... Elliott and Profes
sors W. I). Briggs and H. W. Stuart
have consented to act as judges of
the tryout. Each speaker will be
given ten minutes in which to pre
sent his argument and the first
speaker on the affirmative side in
each squad will have four minutes
in which to refute the negative ar
guments. The intercollegiate ques
tion is to be the subject of the dis
cussion.
