# Bulletin Board
## 
### 
INTERNATIONAL CLUB will meet
tonight at 365 Lincoln St., Palo
Alto. Rides will be supplied at
the Nitery, 7:30.
QUAD PICTURES for non-seniors
who have not had their Quad pic
tures taken may have them taken
Wednesday and Thursday, 1-5
p.m., Quad office.
INTERNATIONAL CLUB will meet
tonight at 365 Lincoln St., Palo
Alto. Rides will be supplied at
the Nitery, 7:30.
QUAD PICTURES for non-seniors
who have not had their Quad pic
tures taken may have them taken
Wednesday and Thursday, 1-5
p.m., Quad office.
INTERNATIONAL CLUB will meet
tonight at 365 Lincoln St., Palo
Alto. Rides will be supplied at
the Nitery, 7:30.
QUAD PICTURES for non-seniors
who have not had their Quad pic
tures taken may have them taken
Wednesday and Thursday, 1-5
p.m., Quad office.
INTERNATIONAL CLUB will meet
tonight at 365 Lincoln St., Palo
Alto. Rides will be supplied at
the Nitery, 7:30.
QUAD PICTURES for non-seniors
who have not had their Quad pic
tures taken may have them taken
Wednesday and Thursday, 1-5
p.m., Quad office.
INTERNATIONAL CLUB will meet
tonight at 365 Lincoln St., Palo
Alto. Rides will be supplied at
the Nitery, 7:30.
QUAD PICTURES for non-seniors
who have not had their Quad pic
tures taken may have them taken
Wednesday and Thursday, 1-5
p.m., Quad office.
INTERNATIONAL CLUB will meet
tonight at 365 Lincoln St., Palo
Alto. Rides will be supplied at
the Nitery, 7:30.
QUAD PICTURES for non-seniors
who have not had their Quad pic
tures taken may have them taken
Wednesday and Thursday, 1-5
p.m., Quad office.
INTERNATIONAL CLUB will meet
tonight at 365 Lincoln St., Palo
Alto. Rides will be supplied at
the Nitery, 7:30.
QUAD PICTURES for non-seniors
who have not had their Quad pic
tures taken may have them taken
Wednesday and Thursday, 1-5
p.m., Quad office.
INTERNATIONAL CLUB will meet
tonight at 365 Lincoln St., Palo
Alto. Rides will be supplied at
the Nitery, 7:30.
QUAD PICTURES for non-seniors
who have not had their Quad pic
tures taken may have them taken
Wednesday and Thursday, 1-5
p.m., Quad office.
INTERNATIONAL CLUB will meet
tonight at 365 Lincoln St., Palo
Alto. Rides will be supplied at
the Nitery, 7:30.
QUAD PICTURES for non-seniors
who have not had their Quad pic
tures taken may have them taken
Wednesday and Thursday, 1-5
p.m., Quad office.
INTERNATIONAL CLUB will meet
tonight at 365 Lincoln St., Palo
Alto. Rides will be supplied at
the Nitery, 7:30.
QUAD PICTURES for non-seniors
who have not had their Quad pic
tures taken may have them taken
Wednesday and Thursday, 1-5
p.m., Quad office.
INTERNATIONAL CLUB will meet
tonight at 365 Lincoln St., Palo
Alto. Rides will be supplied at
the Nitery, 7:30.
QUAD PICTURES for non-seniors
who have not had their Quad pic
tures taken may have them taken
Wednesday and Thursday, 1-5
p.m., Quad office.
INTERNATIONAL CLUB will meet
tonight at 365 Lincoln St., Palo
Alto. Rides will be supplied at
the Nitery, 7:30.
QUAD PICTURES for non-seniors
who have not had their Quad pic
tures taken may have them taken
Wednesday and Thursday, 1-5
p.m., Quad office.
INTERNATIONAL CLUB will meet
tonight at 365 Lincoln St., Palo
Alto. Rides will be supplied at
the Nitery, 7:30.
QUAD PICTURES for non-seniors
who have not had their Quad pic
tures taken may have them taken
Wednesday and Thursday, 1-5
p.m., Quad office.
INTERNATIONAL CLUB will meet
tonight at 365 Lincoln St., Palo
Alto. Rides will be supplied at
the Nitery, 7:30.
QUAD PICTURES for non-seniors
who have not had their Quad pic
tures taken may have them taken
Wednesday and Thursday, 1-5
p.m., Quad office.
INTERNATIONAL CLUB will meet
tonight at 365 Lincoln St., Palo
Alto. Rides will be supplied at
the Nitery, 7:30.
QUAD PICTURES for non-seniors
who have not had their Quad pic
tures taken may have them taken
Wednesday and Thursday, 1-5
p.m., Quad office.
INTERNATIONAL CLUB will meet
tonight at 365 Lincoln St., Palo
Alto. Rides will be supplied at
the Nitery, 7:30.
QUAD PICTURES for non-seniors
who have not had their Quad pic
tures taken may have them taken
Wednesday and Thursday, 1-5
p.m., Quad office.
INTERNATIONAL CLUB will meet
tonight at 365 Lincoln St., Palo
Alto. Rides will be supplied at
the Nitery, 7:30.
QUAD PICTURES for non-seniors
who have not had their Quad pic
tures taken may have them taken
Wednesday and Thursday, 1-5
p.m., Quad office.
INTERNATIONAL CLUB will meet
tonight at 365 Lincoln St., Palo
Alto. Rides will be supplied at
the Nitery, 7:30.
QUAD PICTURES for non-seniors
who have not had their Quad pic
tures taken may have them taken
Wednesday and Thursday, 1-5
p.m., Quad office.
