# BIG GAME JOLLY-UP SET FOR FRIDAY, 4:30
## 
### 
In just about the only free snter
tainment of the Big Game week-end,
Stanford students can dance Friday
afternoon from 4:30 to 6 o'clock at,
the Big Game Jolly-up in the Wom
en's Gym.
Gary Evers' orchestra will furnisli
music for the affair, which is under
the direction of Jack Dana, assisted
by Charlotte Drea and Shelly
Parker. The dance is open to every
one,
In just about the only free snter
tainment of the Big Game week-end,
Stanford students can dance Friday
afternoon from 4:30 to 6 o'clock at,
the Big Game Jolly-up in the Wom
en's Gym.
Gary Evers' orchestra will furnisli
music for the affair, which is under
the direction of Jack Dana, assisted
by Charlotte Drea and Shelly
Parker. The dance is open to every
one,
In just about the only free snter
tainment of the Big Game week-end,
Stanford students can dance Friday
afternoon from 4:30 to 6 o'clock at,
the Big Game Jolly-up in the Wom
en's Gym.
Gary Evers' orchestra will furnisli
music for the affair, which is under
the direction of Jack Dana, assisted
by Charlotte Drea and Shelly
Parker. The dance is open to every
one,
In just about the only free snter
tainment of the Big Game week-end,
Stanford students can dance Friday
afternoon from 4:30 to 6 o'clock at,
the Big Game Jolly-up in the Wom
en's Gym.
Gary Evers' orchestra will furnisli
music for the affair, which is under
the direction of Jack Dana, assisted
by Charlotte Drea and Shelly
Parker. The dance is open to every
one,
In just about the only free snter
tainment of the Big Game week-end,
Stanford students can dance Friday
afternoon from 4:30 to 6 o'clock at,
the Big Game Jolly-up in the Wom
en's Gym.
Gary Evers' orchestra will furnisli
music for the affair, which is under
the direction of Jack Dana, assisted
by Charlotte Drea and Shelly
Parker. The dance is open to every
one,
In just about the only free snter
tainment of the Big Game week-end,
Stanford students can dance Friday
afternoon from 4:30 to 6 o'clock at,
the Big Game Jolly-up in the Wom
en's Gym.
Gary Evers' orchestra will furnisli
music for the affair, which is under
the direction of Jack Dana, assisted
by Charlotte Drea and Shelly
Parker. The dance is open to every
one,
In just about the only free snter
tainment of the Big Game week-end,
Stanford students can dance Friday
afternoon from 4:30 to 6 o'clock at,
the Big Game Jolly-up in the Wom
en's Gym.
Gary Evers' orchestra will furnisli
music for the affair, which is under
the direction of Jack Dana, assisted
by Charlotte Drea and Shelly
Parker. The dance is open to every
one,
In just about the only free snter
tainment of the Big Game week-end,
Stanford students can dance Friday
afternoon from 4:30 to 6 o'clock at,
the Big Game Jolly-up in the Wom
en's Gym.
Gary Evers' orchestra will furnisli
music for the affair, which is under
the direction of Jack Dana, assisted
by Charlotte Drea and Shelly
Parker. The dance is open to every
one,
In just about the only free snter
tainment of the Big Game week-end,
Stanford students can dance Friday
afternoon from 4:30 to 6 o'clock at,
the Big Game Jolly-up in the Wom
en's Gym.
Gary Evers' orchestra will furnisli
music for the affair, which is under
the direction of Jack Dana, assisted
by Charlotte Drea and Shelly
Parker. The dance is open to every
one,
In just about the only free snter
tainment of the Big Game week-end,
Stanford students can dance Friday
afternoon from 4:30 to 6 o'clock at,
the Big Game Jolly-up in the Wom
en's Gym.
Gary Evers' orchestra will furnisli
music for the affair, which is under
the direction of Jack Dana, assisted
by Charlotte Drea and Shelly
Parker. The dance is open to every
one,
In just about the only free snter
tainment of the Big Game week-end,
Stanford students can dance Friday
afternoon from 4:30 to 6 o'clock at,
the Big Game Jolly-up in the Wom
en's Gym.
Gary Evers' orchestra will furnisli
music for the affair, which is under
the direction of Jack Dana, assisted
by Charlotte Drea and Shelly
Parker. The dance is open to every
one,
In just about the only free snter
tainment of the Big Game week-end,
Stanford students can dance Friday
afternoon from 4:30 to 6 o'clock at,
the Big Game Jolly-up in the Wom
en's Gym.
Gary Evers' orchestra will furnisli
music for the affair, which is under
the direction of Jack Dana, assisted
by Charlotte Drea and Shelly
Parker. The dance is open to every
one,
In just about the only free snter
tainment of the Big Game week-end,
Stanford students can dance Friday
afternoon from 4:30 to 6 o'clock at,
the Big Game Jolly-up in the Wom
en's Gym.
Gary Evers' orchestra will furnisli
music for the affair, which is under
the direction of Jack Dana, assisted
by Charlotte Drea and Shelly
Parker. The dance is open to every
one,
In just about the only free snter
tainment of the Big Game week-end,
Stanford students can dance Friday
afternoon from 4:30 to 6 o'clock at,
the Big Game Jolly-up in the Wom
en's Gym.
Gary Evers' orchestra will furnisli
music for the affair, which is under
the direction of Jack Dana, assisted
by Charlotte Drea and Shelly
Parker. The dance is open to every
one,
In just about the only free snter
tainment of the Big Game week-end,
Stanford students can dance Friday
afternoon from 4:30 to 6 o'clock at,
the Big Game Jolly-up in the Wom
en's Gym.
Gary Evers' orchestra will furnisli
music for the affair, which is under
the direction of Jack Dana, assisted
by Charlotte Drea and Shelly
Parker. The dance is open to every
one,
In just about the only free snter
tainment of the Big Game week-end,
Stanford students can dance Friday
afternoon from 4:30 to 6 o'clock at,
the Big Game Jolly-up in the Wom
en's Gym.
Gary Evers' orchestra will furnisli
music for the affair, which is under
the direction of Jack Dana, assisted
by Charlotte Drea and Shelly
Parker. The dance is open to every
one,
In just about the only free snter
tainment of the Big Game week-end,
Stanford students can dance Friday
afternoon from 4:30 to 6 o'clock at,
the Big Game Jolly-up in the Wom
en's Gym.
Gary Evers' orchestra will furnisli
music for the affair, which is under
the direction of Jack Dana, assisted
by Charlotte Drea and Shelly
Parker. The dance is open to every
one,
In just about the only free snter
tainment of the Big Game week-end,
Stanford students can dance Friday
afternoon from 4:30 to 6 o'clock at,
the Big Game Jolly-up in the Wom
en's Gym.
Gary Evers' orchestra will furnisli
music for the affair, which is under
the direction of Jack Dana, assisted
by Charlotte Drea and Shelly
Parker. The dance is open to every
one,
