# Frosh Splashers To Battle Cubs
## 
### 
Revenge will be in order for the
Stanford freshman water polo team
here Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock
when they face the California
freshmen in the preliminary to the
varsity fracas. It will be the final
game of the season for both teams.
The Indian babes' big job will be
to stop high-scoring Stan Morketter,
Bear captain, who almost single
handedly lead his teammates to an
11-to-7 win over Stanford earlier
this year. Morketter scored 8 points.
Revenge will be in order for the
Stanford freshman water polo team
here Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock
when they face the California
freshmen in the preliminary to the
varsity fracas. It will be the final
game of the season for both teams.
The Indian babes' big job will be
to stop high-scoring Stan Morketter,
Bear captain, who almost single
handedly lead his teammates to an
11-to-7 win over Stanford earlier
this year. Morketter scored 8 points.
Revenge will be in order for the
Stanford freshman water polo team
here Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock
when they face the California
freshmen in the preliminary to the
varsity fracas. It will be the final
game of the season for both teams.
The Indian babes' big job will be
to stop high-scoring Stan Morketter,
Bear captain, who almost single
handedly lead his teammates to an
11-to-7 win over Stanford earlier
this year. Morketter scored 8 points.
Revenge will be in order for the
Stanford freshman water polo team
here Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock
when they face the California
freshmen in the preliminary to the
varsity fracas. It will be the final
game of the season for both teams.
The Indian babes' big job will be
to stop high-scoring Stan Morketter,
Bear captain, who almost single
handedly lead his teammates to an
11-to-7 win over Stanford earlier
this year. Morketter scored 8 points.
Revenge will be in order for the
Stanford freshman water polo team
here Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock
when they face the California
freshmen in the preliminary to the
varsity fracas. It will be the final
game of the season for both teams.
The Indian babes' big job will be
to stop high-scoring Stan Morketter,
Bear captain, who almost single
handedly lead his teammates to an
11-to-7 win over Stanford earlier
this year. Morketter scored 8 points.
Revenge will be in order for the
Stanford freshman water polo team
here Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock
when they face the California
freshmen in the preliminary to the
varsity fracas. It will be the final
game of the season for both teams.
The Indian babes' big job will be
to stop high-scoring Stan Morketter,
Bear captain, who almost single
handedly lead his teammates to an
11-to-7 win over Stanford earlier
this year. Morketter scored 8 points.
Revenge will be in order for the
Stanford freshman water polo team
here Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock
when they face the California
freshmen in the preliminary to the
varsity fracas. It will be the final
game of the season for both teams.
The Indian babes' big job will be
to stop high-scoring Stan Morketter,
Bear captain, who almost single
handedly lead his teammates to an
11-to-7 win over Stanford earlier
this year. Morketter scored 8 points.
Revenge will be in order for the
Stanford freshman water polo team
here Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock
when they face the California
freshmen in the preliminary to the
varsity fracas. It will be the final
game of the season for both teams.
The Indian babes' big job will be
to stop high-scoring Stan Morketter,
Bear captain, who almost single
handedly lead his teammates to an
11-to-7 win over Stanford earlier
this year. Morketter scored 8 points.
Revenge will be in order for the
Stanford freshman water polo team
here Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock
when they face the California
freshmen in the preliminary to the
varsity fracas. It will be the final
game of the season for both teams.
The Indian babes' big job will be
to stop high-scoring Stan Morketter,
Bear captain, who almost single
handedly lead his teammates to an
11-to-7 win over Stanford earlier
this year. Morketter scored 8 points.
Revenge will be in order for the
Stanford freshman water polo team
here Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock
when they face the California
freshmen in the preliminary to the
varsity fracas. It will be the final
game of the season for both teams.
The Indian babes' big job will be
to stop high-scoring Stan Morketter,
Bear captain, who almost single
handedly lead his teammates to an
11-to-7 win over Stanford earlier
this year. Morketter scored 8 points.
Revenge will be in order for the
Stanford freshman water polo team
here Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock
when they face the California
freshmen in the preliminary to the
varsity fracas. It will be the final
game of the season for both teams.
The Indian babes' big job will be
to stop high-scoring Stan Morketter,
Bear captain, who almost single
handedly lead his teammates to an
11-to-7 win over Stanford earlier
this year. Morketter scored 8 points.
Revenge will be in order for the
Stanford freshman water polo team
here Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock
when they face the California
freshmen in the preliminary to the
varsity fracas. It will be the final
game of the season for both teams.
The Indian babes' big job will be
to stop high-scoring Stan Morketter,
Bear captain, who almost single
handedly lead his teammates to an
11-to-7 win over Stanford earlier
this year. Morketter scored 8 points.
Revenge will be in order for the
Stanford freshman water polo team
here Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock
when they face the California
freshmen in the preliminary to the
varsity fracas. It will be the final
game of the season for both teams.
The Indian babes' big job will be
to stop high-scoring Stan Morketter,
Bear captain, who almost single
handedly lead his teammates to an
11-to-7 win over Stanford earlier
this year. Morketter scored 8 points.
Revenge will be in order for the
Stanford freshman water polo team
here Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock
when they face the California
freshmen in the preliminary to the
varsity fracas. It will be the final
game of the season for both teams.
The Indian babes' big job will be
to stop high-scoring Stan Morketter,
Bear captain, who almost single
handedly lead his teammates to an
11-to-7 win over Stanford earlier
this year. Morketter scored 8 points.
Revenge will be in order for the
Stanford freshman water polo team
here Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock
when they face the California
freshmen in the preliminary to the
varsity fracas. It will be the final
game of the season for both teams.
The Indian babes' big job will be
to stop high-scoring Stan Morketter,
Bear captain, who almost single
handedly lead his teammates to an
11-to-7 win over Stanford earlier
this year. Morketter scored 8 points.
Revenge will be in order for the
Stanford freshman water polo team
here Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock
when they face the California
freshmen in the preliminary to the
varsity fracas. It will be the final
game of the season for both teams.
The Indian babes' big job will be
to stop high-scoring Stan Morketter,
Bear captain, who almost single
handedly lead his teammates to an
11-to-7 win over Stanford earlier
this year. Morketter scored 8 points.
Revenge will be in order for the
Stanford freshman water polo team
here Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock
when they face the California
freshmen in the preliminary to the
varsity fracas. It will be the final
game of the season for both teams.
The Indian babes' big job will be
to stop high-scoring Stan Morketter,
Bear captain, who almost single
handedly lead his teammates to an
11-to-7 win over Stanford earlier
this year. Morketter scored 8 points.
Revenge will be in order for the
Stanford freshman water polo team
here Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock
when they face the California
freshmen in the preliminary to the
varsity fracas. It will be the final
game of the season for both teams.
The Indian babes' big job will be
to stop high-scoring Stan Morketter,
Bear captain, who almost single
handedly lead his teammates to an
11-to-7 win over Stanford earlier
this year. Morketter scored 8 points.
