# Law Steps Tradition Requires Observance
## 
### 
Law students, rightly or wrongly,
long ago assumed an attitude of
superiority to other students that
decorated the Stanford Quad, As
proof of their position, they look
over the Law steps (third steps
from History Corner) as personal
property, and clapped down any
students who dared trespass. This
tradition, like others, is still ob
served by those who are aware of
it.
Law students, rightly or wrongly,
long ago assumed an attitude of
superiority to other students that
decorated the Stanford Quad, As
proof of their position, they look
over the Law steps (third steps
from History Corner) as personal
property, and clapped down any
students who dared trespass. This
tradition, like others, is still ob
served by those who are aware of
it.
Law students, rightly or wrongly,
long ago assumed an attitude of
superiority to other students that
decorated the Stanford Quad, As
proof of their position, they look
over the Law steps (third steps
from History Corner) as personal
property, and clapped down any
students who dared trespass. This
tradition, like others, is still ob
served by those who are aware of
it.
Law students, rightly or wrongly,
long ago assumed an attitude of
superiority to other students that
decorated the Stanford Quad, As
proof of their position, they look
over the Law steps (third steps
from History Corner) as personal
property, and clapped down any
students who dared trespass. This
tradition, like others, is still ob
served by those who are aware of
it.
Law students, rightly or wrongly,
long ago assumed an attitude of
superiority to other students that
decorated the Stanford Quad, As
proof of their position, they look
over the Law steps (third steps
from History Corner) as personal
property, and clapped down any
students who dared trespass. This
tradition, like others, is still ob
served by those who are aware of
it.
Law students, rightly or wrongly,
long ago assumed an attitude of
superiority to other students that
decorated the Stanford Quad, As
proof of their position, they look
over the Law steps (third steps
from History Corner) as personal
property, and clapped down any
students who dared trespass. This
tradition, like others, is still ob
served by those who are aware of
it.
Law students, rightly or wrongly,
long ago assumed an attitude of
superiority to other students that
decorated the Stanford Quad, As
proof of their position, they look
over the Law steps (third steps
from History Corner) as personal
property, and clapped down any
students who dared trespass. This
tradition, like others, is still ob
served by those who are aware of
it.
Law students, rightly or wrongly,
long ago assumed an attitude of
superiority to other students that
decorated the Stanford Quad, As
proof of their position, they look
over the Law steps (third steps
from History Corner) as personal
property, and clapped down any
students who dared trespass. This
tradition, like others, is still ob
served by those who are aware of
it.
Law students, rightly or wrongly,
long ago assumed an attitude of
superiority to other students that
decorated the Stanford Quad, As
proof of their position, they look
over the Law steps (third steps
from History Corner) as personal
property, and clapped down any
students who dared trespass. This
tradition, like others, is still ob
served by those who are aware of
it.
Law students, rightly or wrongly,
long ago assumed an attitude of
superiority to other students that
decorated the Stanford Quad, As
proof of their position, they look
over the Law steps (third steps
from History Corner) as personal
property, and clapped down any
students who dared trespass. This
tradition, like others, is still ob
served by those who are aware of
it.
Law students, rightly or wrongly,
long ago assumed an attitude of
superiority to other students that
decorated the Stanford Quad, As
proof of their position, they look
over the Law steps (third steps
from History Corner) as personal
property, and clapped down any
students who dared trespass. This
tradition, like others, is still ob
served by those who are aware of
it.
Law students, rightly or wrongly,
long ago assumed an attitude of
superiority to other students that
decorated the Stanford Quad, As
proof of their position, they look
over the Law steps (third steps
from History Corner) as personal
property, and clapped down any
students who dared trespass. This
tradition, like others, is still ob
served by those who are aware of
it.
Law students, rightly or wrongly,
long ago assumed an attitude of
superiority to other students that
decorated the Stanford Quad, As
proof of their position, they look
over the Law steps (third steps
from History Corner) as personal
property, and clapped down any
students who dared trespass. This
tradition, like others, is still ob
served by those who are aware of
it.
Law students, rightly or wrongly,
long ago assumed an attitude of
superiority to other students that
decorated the Stanford Quad, As
proof of their position, they look
over the Law steps (third steps
from History Corner) as personal
property, and clapped down any
students who dared trespass. This
tradition, like others, is still ob
served by those who are aware of
it.
Law students, rightly or wrongly,
long ago assumed an attitude of
superiority to other students that
decorated the Stanford Quad, As
proof of their position, they look
over the Law steps (third steps
from History Corner) as personal
property, and clapped down any
students who dared trespass. This
tradition, like others, is still ob
served by those who are aware of
it.
