# Busch Little Symphony To Play February 25
## 
### 
Adolf Buseh and his Little Sym
phony, composed of 27 virtuoso per
formers, will appear at the San Fran
cisco Opera House on Sunday alter
noon, February 25.
In this program, in their first San
Francisco appearance, they will play
Mozart's "Concerto for Piano and
Orchestra," starring Eugene Istomin
as piano soloist, Bach's "Concerto
Grosso for Strings in F," and ballet
music by Ratneau.
Adolf Buseh and his Little Sym
phony, composed of 27 virtuoso per
formers, will appear at the San Fran
cisco Opera House on Sunday alter
noon, February 25.
In this program, in their first San
Francisco appearance, they will play
Mozart's "Concerto for Piano and
Orchestra," starring Eugene Istomin
as piano soloist, Bach's "Concerto
Grosso for Strings in F," and ballet
music by Ratneau.
Adolf Buseh and his Little Sym
phony, composed of 27 virtuoso per
formers, will appear at the San Fran
cisco Opera House on Sunday alter
noon, February 25.
In this program, in their first San
Francisco appearance, they will play
Mozart's "Concerto for Piano and
Orchestra," starring Eugene Istomin
as piano soloist, Bach's "Concerto
Grosso for Strings in F," and ballet
music by Ratneau.
Adolf Buseh and his Little Sym
phony, composed of 27 virtuoso per
formers, will appear at the San Fran
cisco Opera House on Sunday alter
noon, February 25.
In this program, in their first San
Francisco appearance, they will play
Mozart's "Concerto for Piano and
Orchestra," starring Eugene Istomin
as piano soloist, Bach's "Concerto
Grosso for Strings in F," and ballet
music by Ratneau.
Adolf Buseh and his Little Sym
phony, composed of 27 virtuoso per
formers, will appear at the San Fran
cisco Opera House on Sunday alter
noon, February 25.
In this program, in their first San
Francisco appearance, they will play
Mozart's "Concerto for Piano and
Orchestra," starring Eugene Istomin
as piano soloist, Bach's "Concerto
Grosso for Strings in F," and ballet
music by Ratneau.
Adolf Buseh and his Little Sym
phony, composed of 27 virtuoso per
formers, will appear at the San Fran
cisco Opera House on Sunday alter
noon, February 25.
In this program, in their first San
Francisco appearance, they will play
Mozart's "Concerto for Piano and
Orchestra," starring Eugene Istomin
as piano soloist, Bach's "Concerto
Grosso for Strings in F," and ballet
music by Ratneau.
Adolf Buseh and his Little Sym
phony, composed of 27 virtuoso per
formers, will appear at the San Fran
cisco Opera House on Sunday alter
noon, February 25.
In this program, in their first San
Francisco appearance, they will play
Mozart's "Concerto for Piano and
Orchestra," starring Eugene Istomin
as piano soloist, Bach's "Concerto
Grosso for Strings in F," and ballet
music by Ratneau.
Adolf Buseh and his Little Sym
phony, composed of 27 virtuoso per
formers, will appear at the San Fran
cisco Opera House on Sunday alter
noon, February 25.
In this program, in their first San
Francisco appearance, they will play
Mozart's "Concerto for Piano and
Orchestra," starring Eugene Istomin
as piano soloist, Bach's "Concerto
Grosso for Strings in F," and ballet
music by Ratneau.
Adolf Buseh and his Little Sym
phony, composed of 27 virtuoso per
formers, will appear at the San Fran
cisco Opera House on Sunday alter
noon, February 25.
In this program, in their first San
Francisco appearance, they will play
Mozart's "Concerto for Piano and
Orchestra," starring Eugene Istomin
as piano soloist, Bach's "Concerto
Grosso for Strings in F," and ballet
music by Ratneau.
Adolf Buseh and his Little Sym
phony, composed of 27 virtuoso per
formers, will appear at the San Fran
cisco Opera House on Sunday alter
noon, February 25.
In this program, in their first San
Francisco appearance, they will play
Mozart's "Concerto for Piano and
Orchestra," starring Eugene Istomin
as piano soloist, Bach's "Concerto
Grosso for Strings in F," and ballet
music by Ratneau.
Adolf Buseh and his Little Sym
phony, composed of 27 virtuoso per
formers, will appear at the San Fran
cisco Opera House on Sunday alter
noon, February 25.
In this program, in their first San
Francisco appearance, they will play
Mozart's "Concerto for Piano and
Orchestra," starring Eugene Istomin
as piano soloist, Bach's "Concerto
Grosso for Strings in F," and ballet
music by Ratneau.
Adolf Buseh and his Little Sym
phony, composed of 27 virtuoso per
formers, will appear at the San Fran
cisco Opera House on Sunday alter
noon, February 25.
In this program, in their first San
Francisco appearance, they will play
Mozart's "Concerto for Piano and
Orchestra," starring Eugene Istomin
as piano soloist, Bach's "Concerto
Grosso for Strings in F," and ballet
music by Ratneau.
Adolf Buseh and his Little Sym
phony, composed of 27 virtuoso per
formers, will appear at the San Fran
cisco Opera House on Sunday alter
noon, February 25.
In this program, in their first San
Francisco appearance, they will play
Mozart's "Concerto for Piano and
Orchestra," starring Eugene Istomin
as piano soloist, Bach's "Concerto
Grosso for Strings in F," and ballet
music by Ratneau.
Adolf Buseh and his Little Sym
phony, composed of 27 virtuoso per
formers, will appear at the San Fran
cisco Opera House on Sunday alter
noon, February 25.
In this program, in their first San
Francisco appearance, they will play
Mozart's "Concerto for Piano and
Orchestra," starring Eugene Istomin
as piano soloist, Bach's "Concerto
Grosso for Strings in F," and ballet
music by Ratneau.
Adolf Buseh and his Little Sym
phony, composed of 27 virtuoso per
formers, will appear at the San Fran
cisco Opera House on Sunday alter
noon, February 25.
In this program, in their first San
Francisco appearance, they will play
Mozart's "Concerto for Piano and
Orchestra," starring Eugene Istomin
as piano soloist, Bach's "Concerto
Grosso for Strings in F," and ballet
music by Ratneau.
