# New Geology Head Named for Fall
## 
### 
Mr. A. H. Levorsen, independent
research geologist of Tulsa, Ok la.,
has been appointed professor and
executive head of the geology de
partment and will assume duties next
September, President Donald B.
Tresidder announced last night.
Onetime president of the American
Association ol Petroleum Geologists,
Mr. Levorsen has been a visiting
lecturer on geology at major uni
versities throughout the United
States during the past few years.
Research Chairman
A member of the National Re
search Council, Mr. Levorsen also is
a councilor of the Geological Society
of America and the Society of Eco
nomics Geologists. For the past seven
years he has been chairman of the
research committee of the American
Association of Petroleum Geologists
and was president of that group in
1935.

Tidewater Geologist
After graduation from tire Uni
versity of Minnesota in 11)17, Mr.
Levorsen assumed duties as a geolo
gist with several oil companies. Be
fore becoming an independent re
search geologist and consultant in
193G, he was chief geologist for the
Tidewater Oil Company.
