# NEW YORK GOLDSMITHS WILL FASHION MEDALS.
## Eastern Firm Receives Order For Prizes For Tennis and Javelin Winners. 
### 
Manufacturing jewelers of New York
have been engaged to prepare the
medals which the winners of the ten
nis matches and the javelin throwers
are to receive at the Stanford Inter
scholastic track meet and racket tour
nament next month. The awards are to
be solid gold and will be of the regu
lar model.
Secretary A. W. Ambrose, '13, has
placed the order for the medals with
the firm of J. F. Newman, one of the
largest fraternity and trophy dealers
in New York. This year's order is in
the nature of a trial and if the work
is of a higher class than that of the
San Francisco goldsmiths, the eastern
ers will probably be given a larger
order next season.
Manufacturing jewelers of New York
have been engaged to prepare the
medals which the winners of the ten
nis matches and the javelin throwers
are to receive at the Stanford Inter
scholastic track meet and racket tour
nament next month. The awards are to
be solid gold and will be of the regu
lar model.
Secretary A. W. Ambrose, '13, has
placed the order for the medals with
the firm of J. F. Newman, one of the
largest fraternity and trophy dealers
in New York. This year's order is in
the nature of a trial and if the work
is of a higher class than that of the
San Francisco goldsmiths, the eastern
ers will probably be given a larger
order next season.
Manufacturing jewelers of New York
have been engaged to prepare the
medals which the winners of the ten
nis matches and the javelin throwers
are to receive at the Stanford Inter
scholastic track meet and racket tour
nament next month. The awards are to
be solid gold and will be of the regu
lar model.
Secretary A. W. Ambrose, '13, has
placed the order for the medals with
the firm of J. F. Newman, one of the
largest fraternity and trophy dealers
in New York. This year's order is in
the nature of a trial and if the work
is of a higher class than that of the
San Francisco goldsmiths, the eastern
ers will probably be given a larger
order next season.
Manufacturing jewelers of New York
have been engaged to prepare the
medals which the winners of the ten
nis matches and the javelin throwers
are to receive at the Stanford Inter
scholastic track meet and racket tour
nament next month. The awards are to
be solid gold and will be of the regu
lar model.
Secretary A. W. Ambrose, '13, has
placed the order for the medals with
the firm of J. F. Newman, one of the
largest fraternity and trophy dealers
in New York. This year's order is in
the nature of a trial and if the work
is of a higher class than that of the
San Francisco goldsmiths, the eastern
ers will probably be given a larger
order next season.
Manufacturing jewelers of New York
have been engaged to prepare the
medals which the winners of the ten
nis matches and the javelin throwers
are to receive at the Stanford Inter
scholastic track meet and racket tour
nament next month. The awards are to
be solid gold and will be of the regu
lar model.
Secretary A. W. Ambrose, '13, has
placed the order for the medals with
the firm of J. F. Newman, one of the
largest fraternity and trophy dealers
in New York. This year's order is in
the nature of a trial and if the work
is of a higher class than that of the
San Francisco goldsmiths, the eastern
ers will probably be given a larger
order next season.
Manufacturing jewelers of New York
have been engaged to prepare the
medals which the winners of the ten
nis matches and the javelin throwers
are to receive at the Stanford Inter
scholastic track meet and racket tour
nament next month. The awards are to
be solid gold and will be of the regu
lar model.
Secretary A. W. Ambrose, '13, has
placed the order for the medals with
the firm of J. F. Newman, one of the
largest fraternity and trophy dealers
in New York. This year's order is in
the nature of a trial and if the work
is of a higher class than that of the
San Francisco goldsmiths, the eastern
ers will probably be given a larger
order next season.
Manufacturing jewelers of New York
have been engaged to prepare the
medals which the winners of the ten
nis matches and the javelin throwers
are to receive at the Stanford Inter
scholastic track meet and racket tour
nament next month. The awards are to
be solid gold and will be of the regu
lar model.
Secretary A. W. Ambrose, '13, has
placed the order for the medals with
the firm of J. F. Newman, one of the
largest fraternity and trophy dealers
in New York. This year's order is in
the nature of a trial and if the work
is of a higher class than that of the
San Francisco goldsmiths, the eastern
ers will probably be given a larger
order next season.
Manufacturing jewelers of New York
have been engaged to prepare the
medals which the winners of the ten
nis matches and the javelin throwers
are to receive at the Stanford Inter
scholastic track meet and racket tour
nament next month. The awards are to
be solid gold and will be of the regu
lar model.
Secretary A. W. Ambrose, '13, has
placed the order for the medals with
the firm of J. F. Newman, one of the
largest fraternity and trophy dealers
in New York. This year's order is in
the nature of a trial and if the work
is of a higher class than that of the
San Francisco goldsmiths, the eastern
ers will probably be given a larger
order next season.
Manufacturing jewelers of New York
have been engaged to prepare the
medals which the winners of the ten
nis matches and the javelin throwers
are to receive at the Stanford Inter
scholastic track meet and racket tour
nament next month. The awards are to
be solid gold and will be of the regu
lar model.
Secretary A. W. Ambrose, '13, has
placed the order for the medals with
the firm of J. F. Newman, one of the
largest fraternity and trophy dealers
in New York. This year's order is in
the nature of a trial and if the work
is of a higher class than that of the
San Francisco goldsmiths, the eastern
ers will probably be given a larger
order next season.
Manufacturing jewelers of New York
have been engaged to prepare the
medals which the winners of the ten
nis matches and the javelin throwers
are to receive at the Stanford Inter
scholastic track meet and racket tour
nament next month. The awards are to
be solid gold and will be of the regu
lar model.
Secretary A. W. Ambrose, '13, has
placed the order for the medals with
the firm of J. F. Newman, one of the
largest fraternity and trophy dealers
in New York. This year's order is in
the nature of a trial and if the work
is of a higher class than that of the
San Francisco goldsmiths, the eastern
ers will probably be given a larger
order next season.
Manufacturing jewelers of New York
have been engaged to prepare the
medals which the winners of the ten
nis matches and the javelin throwers
are to receive at the Stanford Inter
scholastic track meet and racket tour
nament next month. The awards are to
be solid gold and will be of the regu
lar model.
Secretary A. W. Ambrose, '13, has
placed the order for the medals with
the firm of J. F. Newman, one of the
largest fraternity and trophy dealers
in New York. This year's order is in
the nature of a trial and if the work
is of a higher class than that of the
San Francisco goldsmiths, the eastern
ers will probably be given a larger
order next season.
Manufacturing jewelers of New York
have been engaged to prepare the
medals which the winners of the ten
nis matches and the javelin throwers
are to receive at the Stanford Inter
scholastic track meet and racket tour
nament next month. The awards are to
be solid gold and will be of the regu
lar model.
Secretary A. W. Ambrose, '13, has
placed the order for the medals with
the firm of J. F. Newman, one of the
largest fraternity and trophy dealers
in New York. This year's order is in
the nature of a trial and if the work
is of a higher class than that of the
San Francisco goldsmiths, the eastern
ers will probably be given a larger
order next season.
Manufacturing jewelers of New York
have been engaged to prepare the
medals which the winners of the ten
nis matches and the javelin throwers
are to receive at the Stanford Inter
scholastic track meet and racket tour
nament next month. The awards are to
be solid gold and will be of the regu
lar model.
Secretary A. W. Ambrose, '13, has
placed the order for the medals with
the firm of J. F. Newman, one of the
largest fraternity and trophy dealers
in New York. This year's order is in
the nature of a trial and if the work
is of a higher class than that of the
San Francisco goldsmiths, the eastern
ers will probably be given a larger
order next season.
