# Injury Not Due to Torn Tendon.
## 
### 
Prospects for the early return of P.
B. McKee, '14, to the track were ma
terially brightened when a San Fran
cisco physician made an examination
of the injury sustained by the Car
dinal sprinter and found that the ten
don had not been torn as was feared.
However. McKee will not attempt to
train for some days in order to avoid
any possible danger.
Prospects for the early return of P.
B. McKee, '14, to the track were ma
terially brightened when a San Fran
cisco physician made an examination
of the injury sustained by the Car
dinal sprinter and found that the ten
don had not been torn as was feared.
However. McKee will not attempt to
train for some days in order to avoid
any possible danger.
Prospects for the early return of P.
B. McKee, '14, to the track were ma
terially brightened when a San Fran
cisco physician made an examination
of the injury sustained by the Car
dinal sprinter and found that the ten
don had not been torn as was feared.
However. McKee will not attempt to
train for some days in order to avoid
any possible danger.
Prospects for the early return of P.
B. McKee, '14, to the track were ma
terially brightened when a San Fran
cisco physician made an examination
of the injury sustained by the Car
dinal sprinter and found that the ten
don had not been torn as was feared.
However. McKee will not attempt to
train for some days in order to avoid
any possible danger.
Prospects for the early return of P.
B. McKee, '14, to the track were ma
terially brightened when a San Fran
cisco physician made an examination
of the injury sustained by the Car
dinal sprinter and found that the ten
don had not been torn as was feared.
However. McKee will not attempt to
train for some days in order to avoid
any possible danger.
Prospects for the early return of P.
B. McKee, '14, to the track were ma
terially brightened when a San Fran
cisco physician made an examination
of the injury sustained by the Car
dinal sprinter and found that the ten
don had not been torn as was feared.
However. McKee will not attempt to
train for some days in order to avoid
any possible danger.
Prospects for the early return of P.
B. McKee, '14, to the track were ma
terially brightened when a San Fran
cisco physician made an examination
of the injury sustained by the Car
dinal sprinter and found that the ten
don had not been torn as was feared.
However. McKee will not attempt to
train for some days in order to avoid
any possible danger.
Prospects for the early return of P.
B. McKee, '14, to the track were ma
terially brightened when a San Fran
cisco physician made an examination
of the injury sustained by the Car
dinal sprinter and found that the ten
don had not been torn as was feared.
However. McKee will not attempt to
train for some days in order to avoid
any possible danger.
Prospects for the early return of P.
B. McKee, '14, to the track were ma
terially brightened when a San Fran
cisco physician made an examination
of the injury sustained by the Car
dinal sprinter and found that the ten
don had not been torn as was feared.
However. McKee will not attempt to
train for some days in order to avoid
any possible danger.
Prospects for the early return of P.
B. McKee, '14, to the track were ma
terially brightened when a San Fran
cisco physician made an examination
of the injury sustained by the Car
dinal sprinter and found that the ten
don had not been torn as was feared.
However. McKee will not attempt to
train for some days in order to avoid
any possible danger.
Prospects for the early return of P.
B. McKee, '14, to the track were ma
terially brightened when a San Fran
cisco physician made an examination
of the injury sustained by the Car
dinal sprinter and found that the ten
don had not been torn as was feared.
However. McKee will not attempt to
train for some days in order to avoid
any possible danger.
Prospects for the early return of P.
B. McKee, '14, to the track were ma
terially brightened when a San Fran
cisco physician made an examination
of the injury sustained by the Car
dinal sprinter and found that the ten
don had not been torn as was feared.
However. McKee will not attempt to
train for some days in order to avoid
any possible danger.
Prospects for the early return of P.
B. McKee, '14, to the track were ma
terially brightened when a San Fran
cisco physician made an examination
of the injury sustained by the Car
dinal sprinter and found that the ten
don had not been torn as was feared.
However. McKee will not attempt to
train for some days in order to avoid
any possible danger.
