# No Wednesday Evening Meeting.
## 
### 
The Y. M. C. A. has decided to co
operate with the Y. W. C. A. in the
meeting which will he addressed by
Dr. A. H. Smith on "China" in the
Chapel, Tuesday evening, and there
fore there will be no Wednesday even
ing men's meeting.
The Y. M. C. A. has decided to co
operate with the Y. W. C. A. in the
meeting which will he addressed by
Dr. A. H. Smith on "China" in the
Chapel, Tuesday evening, and there
fore there will be no Wednesday even
ing men's meeting.
The Y. M. C. A. has decided to co
operate with the Y. W. C. A. in the
meeting which will he addressed by
Dr. A. H. Smith on "China" in the
Chapel, Tuesday evening, and there
fore there will be no Wednesday even
ing men's meeting.
The Y. M. C. A. has decided to co
operate with the Y. W. C. A. in the
meeting which will he addressed by
Dr. A. H. Smith on "China" in the
Chapel, Tuesday evening, and there
fore there will be no Wednesday even
ing men's meeting.
The Y. M. C. A. has decided to co
operate with the Y. W. C. A. in the
meeting which will he addressed by
Dr. A. H. Smith on "China" in the
Chapel, Tuesday evening, and there
fore there will be no Wednesday even
ing men's meeting.
The Y. M. C. A. has decided to co
operate with the Y. W. C. A. in the
meeting which will he addressed by
Dr. A. H. Smith on "China" in the
Chapel, Tuesday evening, and there
fore there will be no Wednesday even
ing men's meeting.
The Y. M. C. A. has decided to co
operate with the Y. W. C. A. in the
meeting which will he addressed by
Dr. A. H. Smith on "China" in the
Chapel, Tuesday evening, and there
fore there will be no Wednesday even
ing men's meeting.
The Y. M. C. A. has decided to co
operate with the Y. W. C. A. in the
meeting which will he addressed by
Dr. A. H. Smith on "China" in the
Chapel, Tuesday evening, and there
fore there will be no Wednesday even
ing men's meeting.
The Y. M. C. A. has decided to co
operate with the Y. W. C. A. in the
meeting which will he addressed by
Dr. A. H. Smith on "China" in the
Chapel, Tuesday evening, and there
fore there will be no Wednesday even
ing men's meeting.
The Y. M. C. A. has decided to co
operate with the Y. W. C. A. in the
meeting which will he addressed by
Dr. A. H. Smith on "China" in the
Chapel, Tuesday evening, and there
fore there will be no Wednesday even
ing men's meeting.
The Y. M. C. A. has decided to co
operate with the Y. W. C. A. in the
meeting which will he addressed by
Dr. A. H. Smith on "China" in the
Chapel, Tuesday evening, and there
fore there will be no Wednesday even
ing men's meeting.
The Y. M. C. A. has decided to co
operate with the Y. W. C. A. in the
meeting which will he addressed by
Dr. A. H. Smith on "China" in the
Chapel, Tuesday evening, and there
fore there will be no Wednesday even
ing men's meeting.
The Y. M. C. A. has decided to co
operate with the Y. W. C. A. in the
meeting which will he addressed by
Dr. A. H. Smith on "China" in the
Chapel, Tuesday evening, and there
fore there will be no Wednesday even
ing men's meeting.
