# Adv. 21 Page 4
## 
### 
MIDGET
RADIOS
ON SALE
THIS WEEK ONLY
*39-50
New, guaranteed, latest
models, screen grid, dy
namic speaker
#
Musical Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
126 Univ. Ave. P.A. 8315
MIDGET
RADIOS
ON SALE
THIS WEEK ONLY
*39-50
New, guaranteed, latest
models, screen grid, dy
namic speaker
#
Musical Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
126 Univ. Ave. P.A. 8315
MIDGET
RADIOS
ON SALE
THIS WEEK ONLY
*39-50
New, guaranteed, latest
models, screen grid, dy
namic speaker
#
Musical Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
126 Univ. Ave. P.A. 8315
MIDGET
RADIOS
ON SALE
THIS WEEK ONLY
*39-50
New, guaranteed, latest
models, screen grid, dy
namic speaker
#
Musical Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
126 Univ. Ave. P.A. 8315
MIDGET
RADIOS
ON SALE
THIS WEEK ONLY
*39-50
New, guaranteed, latest
models, screen grid, dy
namic speaker
#
Musical Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
126 Univ. Ave. P.A. 8315
MIDGET
RADIOS
ON SALE
THIS WEEK ONLY
*39-50
New, guaranteed, latest
models, screen grid, dy
namic speaker
#
Musical Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
126 Univ. Ave. P.A. 8315
MIDGET
RADIOS
ON SALE
THIS WEEK ONLY
*39-50
New, guaranteed, latest
models, screen grid, dy
namic speaker
#
Musical Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
126 Univ. Ave. P.A. 8315
MIDGET
RADIOS
ON SALE
THIS WEEK ONLY
*39-50
New, guaranteed, latest
models, screen grid, dy
namic speaker
#
Musical Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
126 Univ. Ave. P.A. 8315
MIDGET
RADIOS
ON SALE
THIS WEEK ONLY
*39-50
New, guaranteed, latest
models, screen grid, dy
namic speaker
#
Musical Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
126 Univ. Ave. P.A. 8315
MIDGET
RADIOS
ON SALE
THIS WEEK ONLY
*39-50
New, guaranteed, latest
models, screen grid, dy
namic speaker
#
Musical Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
126 Univ. Ave. P.A. 8315
MIDGET
RADIOS
ON SALE
THIS WEEK ONLY
*39-50
New, guaranteed, latest
models, screen grid, dy
namic speaker
#
Musical Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
126 Univ. Ave. P.A. 8315
MIDGET
RADIOS
ON SALE
THIS WEEK ONLY
*39-50
New, guaranteed, latest
models, screen grid, dy
namic speaker
#
Musical Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
126 Univ. Ave. P.A. 8315
MIDGET
RADIOS
ON SALE
THIS WEEK ONLY
*39-50
New, guaranteed, latest
models, screen grid, dy
namic speaker
#
Musical Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
126 Univ. Ave. P.A. 8315
MIDGET
RADIOS
ON SALE
THIS WEEK ONLY
*39-50
New, guaranteed, latest
models, screen grid, dy
namic speaker
#
Musical Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
126 Univ. Ave. P.A. 8315
MIDGET
RADIOS
ON SALE
THIS WEEK ONLY
*39-50
New, guaranteed, latest
models, screen grid, dy
namic speaker
#
Musical Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
126 Univ. Ave. P.A. 8315
