# THOMAS SCHOLARSHIP FALSELY ANNOUNCED
## 
### 
Contrary to the report appearing
in a San Francisco paper that Frank
O. Copley had been awarded the
William Thomas Scholarship of the
Harvard Club of San Francisco for
the coming year, Copley holds the
scholarship for the present year
1930-31.

The application period for the
coming year will not expire until
April 15, and no awards for the
coming year will be made until af
ter that date.
Contrary to the report appearing
in a San Francisco paper that Frank
O. Copley had been awarded the
William Thomas Scholarship of the
Harvard Club of San Francisco for
the coming year, Copley holds the
scholarship for the present year
1930-31.

The application period for the
coming year will not expire until
April 15, and no awards for the
coming year will be made until af
ter that date.
Contrary to the report appearing
in a San Francisco paper that Frank
O. Copley had been awarded the
William Thomas Scholarship of the
Harvard Club of San Francisco for
the coming year, Copley holds the
scholarship for the present year
1930-31.

The application period for the
coming year will not expire until
April 15, and no awards for the
coming year will be made until af
ter that date.
Contrary to the report appearing
in a San Francisco paper that Frank
O. Copley had been awarded the
William Thomas Scholarship of the
Harvard Club of San Francisco for
the coming year, Copley holds the
scholarship for the present year
1930-31.

The application period for the
coming year will not expire until
April 15, and no awards for the
coming year will be made until af
ter that date.
Contrary to the report appearing
in a San Francisco paper that Frank
O. Copley had been awarded the
William Thomas Scholarship of the
Harvard Club of San Francisco for
the coming year, Copley holds the
scholarship for the present year
1930-31.

The application period for the
coming year will not expire until
April 15, and no awards for the
coming year will be made until af
ter that date.
Contrary to the report appearing
in a San Francisco paper that Frank
O. Copley had been awarded the
William Thomas Scholarship of the
Harvard Club of San Francisco for
the coming year, Copley holds the
scholarship for the present year
1930-31.

The application period for the
coming year will not expire until
April 15, and no awards for the
coming year will be made until af
ter that date.
Contrary to the report appearing
in a San Francisco paper that Frank
O. Copley had been awarded the
William Thomas Scholarship of the
Harvard Club of San Francisco for
the coming year, Copley holds the
scholarship for the present year
1930-31.

The application period for the
coming year will not expire until
April 15, and no awards for the
coming year will be made until af
ter that date.
Contrary to the report appearing
in a San Francisco paper that Frank
O. Copley had been awarded the
William Thomas Scholarship of the
Harvard Club of San Francisco for
the coming year, Copley holds the
scholarship for the present year
1930-31.

The application period for the
coming year will not expire until
April 15, and no awards for the
coming year will be made until af
ter that date.
Contrary to the report appearing
in a San Francisco paper that Frank
O. Copley had been awarded the
William Thomas Scholarship of the
Harvard Club of San Francisco for
the coming year, Copley holds the
scholarship for the present year
1930-31.

The application period for the
coming year will not expire until
April 15, and no awards for the
coming year will be made until af
ter that date.
Contrary to the report appearing
in a San Francisco paper that Frank
O. Copley had been awarded the
William Thomas Scholarship of the
Harvard Club of San Francisco for
the coming year, Copley holds the
scholarship for the present year
1930-31.

The application period for the
coming year will not expire until
April 15, and no awards for the
coming year will be made until af
ter that date.
Contrary to the report appearing
in a San Francisco paper that Frank
O. Copley had been awarded the
William Thomas Scholarship of the
Harvard Club of San Francisco for
the coming year, Copley holds the
scholarship for the present year
1930-31.

The application period for the
coming year will not expire until
April 15, and no awards for the
coming year will be made until af
ter that date.
Contrary to the report appearing
in a San Francisco paper that Frank
O. Copley had been awarded the
William Thomas Scholarship of the
Harvard Club of San Francisco for
the coming year, Copley holds the
scholarship for the present year
1930-31.

The application period for the
coming year will not expire until
April 15, and no awards for the
coming year will be made until af
ter that date.
Contrary to the report appearing
in a San Francisco paper that Frank
O. Copley had been awarded the
William Thomas Scholarship of the
Harvard Club of San Francisco for
the coming year, Copley holds the
scholarship for the present year
1930-31.

The application period for the
coming year will not expire until
April 15, and no awards for the
coming year will be made until af
ter that date.
Contrary to the report appearing
in a San Francisco paper that Frank
O. Copley had been awarded the
William Thomas Scholarship of the
Harvard Club of San Francisco for
the coming year, Copley holds the
scholarship for the present year
1930-31.

The application period for the
coming year will not expire until
April 15, and no awards for the
coming year will be made until af
ter that date.
Contrary to the report appearing
in a San Francisco paper that Frank
O. Copley had been awarded the
William Thomas Scholarship of the
Harvard Club of San Francisco for
the coming year, Copley holds the
scholarship for the present year
1930-31.

The application period for the
coming year will not expire until
April 15, and no awards for the
coming year will be made until af
ter that date.
