# MIRRIELEES SELECTED TO TEACH IN VERMONT
## 
### 
Edith R. Mirrielees, associate pro
fessor of English and poetess, has
been ,selected as one of twelve
teachers at this year's Bread Loaf
Summer School of English, held
under the auspices of Middlebury
College in Yermont.
The names of the twelve were an
nounced recently by Dr. Robert M.
Gay, dean of Simmons College.
Edith R. Mirrielees, associate pro
fessor of English and poetess, has
been ,selected as one of twelve
teachers at this year's Bread Loaf
Summer School of English, held
under the auspices of Middlebury
College in Yermont.
The names of the twelve were an
nounced recently by Dr. Robert M.
Gay, dean of Simmons College.
Edith R. Mirrielees, associate pro
fessor of English and poetess, has
been ,selected as one of twelve
teachers at this year's Bread Loaf
Summer School of English, held
under the auspices of Middlebury
College in Yermont.
The names of the twelve were an
nounced recently by Dr. Robert M.
Gay, dean of Simmons College.
Edith R. Mirrielees, associate pro
fessor of English and poetess, has
been ,selected as one of twelve
teachers at this year's Bread Loaf
Summer School of English, held
under the auspices of Middlebury
College in Yermont.
The names of the twelve were an
nounced recently by Dr. Robert M.
Gay, dean of Simmons College.
Edith R. Mirrielees, associate pro
fessor of English and poetess, has
been ,selected as one of twelve
teachers at this year's Bread Loaf
Summer School of English, held
under the auspices of Middlebury
College in Yermont.
The names of the twelve were an
nounced recently by Dr. Robert M.
Gay, dean of Simmons College.
Edith R. Mirrielees, associate pro
fessor of English and poetess, has
been ,selected as one of twelve
teachers at this year's Bread Loaf
Summer School of English, held
under the auspices of Middlebury
College in Yermont.
The names of the twelve were an
nounced recently by Dr. Robert M.
Gay, dean of Simmons College.
Edith R. Mirrielees, associate pro
fessor of English and poetess, has
been ,selected as one of twelve
teachers at this year's Bread Loaf
Summer School of English, held
under the auspices of Middlebury
College in Yermont.
The names of the twelve were an
nounced recently by Dr. Robert M.
Gay, dean of Simmons College.
Edith R. Mirrielees, associate pro
fessor of English and poetess, has
been ,selected as one of twelve
teachers at this year's Bread Loaf
Summer School of English, held
under the auspices of Middlebury
College in Yermont.
The names of the twelve were an
nounced recently by Dr. Robert M.
Gay, dean of Simmons College.
Edith R. Mirrielees, associate pro
fessor of English and poetess, has
been ,selected as one of twelve
teachers at this year's Bread Loaf
Summer School of English, held
under the auspices of Middlebury
College in Yermont.
The names of the twelve were an
nounced recently by Dr. Robert M.
Gay, dean of Simmons College.
Edith R. Mirrielees, associate pro
fessor of English and poetess, has
been ,selected as one of twelve
teachers at this year's Bread Loaf
Summer School of English, held
under the auspices of Middlebury
College in Yermont.
The names of the twelve were an
nounced recently by Dr. Robert M.
Gay, dean of Simmons College.
Edith R. Mirrielees, associate pro
fessor of English and poetess, has
been ,selected as one of twelve
teachers at this year's Bread Loaf
Summer School of English, held
under the auspices of Middlebury
College in Yermont.
The names of the twelve were an
nounced recently by Dr. Robert M.
Gay, dean of Simmons College.
Edith R. Mirrielees, associate pro
fessor of English and poetess, has
been ,selected as one of twelve
teachers at this year's Bread Loaf
Summer School of English, held
under the auspices of Middlebury
College in Yermont.
The names of the twelve were an
nounced recently by Dr. Robert M.
Gay, dean of Simmons College.
Edith R. Mirrielees, associate pro
fessor of English and poetess, has
been ,selected as one of twelve
teachers at this year's Bread Loaf
Summer School of English, held
under the auspices of Middlebury
College in Yermont.
The names of the twelve were an
nounced recently by Dr. Robert M.
Gay, dean of Simmons College.
Edith R. Mirrielees, associate pro
fessor of English and poetess, has
been ,selected as one of twelve
teachers at this year's Bread Loaf
Summer School of English, held
under the auspices of Middlebury
College in Yermont.
The names of the twelve were an
nounced recently by Dr. Robert M.
Gay, dean of Simmons College.
Edith R. Mirrielees, associate pro
fessor of English and poetess, has
been ,selected as one of twelve
teachers at this year's Bread Loaf
Summer School of English, held
under the auspices of Middlebury
College in Yermont.
The names of the twelve were an
nounced recently by Dr. Robert M.
Gay, dean of Simmons College.
