# WEDNESDAY
## 
### 
cHaOs
Scientists like Prof Parviz Moin
have been searching the field of
fluid dynamics for some regularity
in the fundamental irregularities of
nature Page 9
cHaOs
Scientists like Prof Parviz Moin
have been searching the field of
fluid dynamics for some regularity
in the fundamental irregularities of
nature Page 9
cHaOs
Scientists like Prof Parviz Moin
have been searching the field of
fluid dynamics for some regularity
in the fundamental irregularities of
nature Page 9
cHaOs
Scientists like Prof Parviz Moin
have been searching the field of
fluid dynamics for some regularity
in the fundamental irregularities of
nature Page 9
cHaOs
Scientists like Prof Parviz Moin
have been searching the field of
fluid dynamics for some regularity
in the fundamental irregularities of
nature Page 9
cHaOs
Scientists like Prof Parviz Moin
have been searching the field of
fluid dynamics for some regularity
in the fundamental irregularities of
nature Page 9
cHaOs
Scientists like Prof Parviz Moin
have been searching the field of
fluid dynamics for some regularity
in the fundamental irregularities of
nature Page 9
cHaOs
Scientists like Prof Parviz Moin
have been searching the field of
fluid dynamics for some regularity
in the fundamental irregularities of
nature Page 9
