# Corrections
## 
### 
Due to an editing error, the date
of a panel discussion on Bowers
v. Hardwick was incorrect in yes
terday's Opinions column. The
discussion will be May 8.
Also, yesterday's headline "Hot
stuff or hot air?" should have ap
peared above a story about Uni
versity officials' evaluations of
Stanford's new incinerator, not
above a story about the in
cinerator itself.
Due to an editing error, the date
of a panel discussion on Bowers
v. Hardwick was incorrect in yes
terday's Opinions column. The
discussion will be May 8.
Also, yesterday's headline "Hot
stuff or hot air?" should have ap
peared above a story about Uni
versity officials' evaluations of
Stanford's new incinerator, not
above a story about the in
cinerator itself.
Due to an editing error, the date
of a panel discussion on Bowers
v. Hardwick was incorrect in yes
terday's Opinions column. The
discussion will be May 8.
Also, yesterday's headline "Hot
stuff or hot air?" should have ap
peared above a story about Uni
versity officials' evaluations of
Stanford's new incinerator, not
above a story about the in
cinerator itself.
Due to an editing error, the date
of a panel discussion on Bowers
v. Hardwick was incorrect in yes
terday's Opinions column. The
discussion will be May 8.
Also, yesterday's headline "Hot
stuff or hot air?" should have ap
peared above a story about Uni
versity officials' evaluations of
Stanford's new incinerator, not
above a story about the in
cinerator itself.
Due to an editing error, the date
of a panel discussion on Bowers
v. Hardwick was incorrect in yes
terday's Opinions column. The
discussion will be May 8.
Also, yesterday's headline "Hot
stuff or hot air?" should have ap
peared above a story about Uni
versity officials' evaluations of
Stanford's new incinerator, not
above a story about the in
cinerator itself.
Due to an editing error, the date
of a panel discussion on Bowers
v. Hardwick was incorrect in yes
terday's Opinions column. The
discussion will be May 8.
Also, yesterday's headline "Hot
stuff or hot air?" should have ap
peared above a story about Uni
versity officials' evaluations of
Stanford's new incinerator, not
above a story about the in
cinerator itself.
Due to an editing error, the date
of a panel discussion on Bowers
v. Hardwick was incorrect in yes
terday's Opinions column. The
discussion will be May 8.
Also, yesterday's headline "Hot
stuff or hot air?" should have ap
peared above a story about Uni
versity officials' evaluations of
Stanford's new incinerator, not
above a story about the in
cinerator itself.
Due to an editing error, the date
of a panel discussion on Bowers
v. Hardwick was incorrect in yes
terday's Opinions column. The
discussion will be May 8.
Also, yesterday's headline "Hot
stuff or hot air?" should have ap
peared above a story about Uni
versity officials' evaluations of
Stanford's new incinerator, not
above a story about the in
cinerator itself.
