# Students Must File Credit Petitions Today
## 
### 
All students \vlu> wish military
credit to l>e added to Lhtir Stan
ford record must file petitions to
day at the Information Office in
Temporary Building A, room fill.
Today is also the deadline for
former students returning' from
another college to petition for the
evaluation of their transfer col
lege work.
All students \vlu> wish military
credit to l>e added to Lhtir Stan
ford record must file petitions to
day at the Information Office in
Temporary Building A, room fill.
Today is also the deadline for
former students returning' from
another college to petition for the
evaluation of their transfer col
lege work.
All students \vlu> wish military
credit to l>e added to Lhtir Stan
ford record must file petitions to
day at the Information Office in
Temporary Building A, room fill.
Today is also the deadline for
former students returning' from
another college to petition for the
evaluation of their transfer col
lege work.
All students \vlu> wish military
credit to l>e added to Lhtir Stan
ford record must file petitions to
day at the Information Office in
Temporary Building A, room fill.
Today is also the deadline for
former students returning' from
another college to petition for the
evaluation of their transfer col
lege work.
All students \vlu> wish military
credit to l>e added to Lhtir Stan
ford record must file petitions to
day at the Information Office in
Temporary Building A, room fill.
Today is also the deadline for
former students returning' from
another college to petition for the
evaluation of their transfer col
lege work.
All students \vlu> wish military
credit to l>e added to Lhtir Stan
ford record must file petitions to
day at the Information Office in
Temporary Building A, room fill.
Today is also the deadline for
former students returning' from
another college to petition for the
evaluation of their transfer col
lege work.
All students \vlu> wish military
credit to l>e added to Lhtir Stan
ford record must file petitions to
day at the Information Office in
Temporary Building A, room fill.
Today is also the deadline for
former students returning' from
another college to petition for the
evaluation of their transfer col
lege work.
All students \vlu> wish military
credit to l>e added to Lhtir Stan
ford record must file petitions to
day at the Information Office in
Temporary Building A, room fill.
Today is also the deadline for
former students returning' from
another college to petition for the
evaluation of their transfer col
lege work.
All students \vlu> wish military
credit to l>e added to Lhtir Stan
ford record must file petitions to
day at the Information Office in
Temporary Building A, room fill.
Today is also the deadline for
former students returning' from
another college to petition for the
evaluation of their transfer col
lege work.
All students \vlu> wish military
credit to l>e added to Lhtir Stan
ford record must file petitions to
day at the Information Office in
Temporary Building A, room fill.
Today is also the deadline for
former students returning' from
another college to petition for the
evaluation of their transfer col
lege work.
All students \vlu> wish military
credit to l>e added to Lhtir Stan
ford record must file petitions to
day at the Information Office in
Temporary Building A, room fill.
Today is also the deadline for
former students returning' from
another college to petition for the
evaluation of their transfer col
lege work.
All students \vlu> wish military
credit to l>e added to Lhtir Stan
ford record must file petitions to
day at the Information Office in
Temporary Building A, room fill.
Today is also the deadline for
former students returning' from
another college to petition for the
evaluation of their transfer col
lege work.
All students \vlu> wish military
credit to l>e added to Lhtir Stan
ford record must file petitions to
day at the Information Office in
Temporary Building A, room fill.
Today is also the deadline for
former students returning' from
another college to petition for the
evaluation of their transfer col
lege work.
All students \vlu> wish military
credit to l>e added to Lhtir Stan
ford record must file petitions to
day at the Information Office in
Temporary Building A, room fill.
Today is also the deadline for
former students returning' from
another college to petition for the
evaluation of their transfer col
lege work.
All students \vlu> wish military
credit to l>e added to Lhtir Stan
ford record must file petitions to
day at the Information Office in
Temporary Building A, room fill.
Today is also the deadline for
former students returning' from
another college to petition for the
evaluation of their transfer col
lege work.
