# Notary Available To Student Body
## 
### 
A notary public is now available
to all members of the student body.
Students who require notary serv
ice may call at the Alumni Asso
ciation office any time between the
hours oi 8:30 a.m. and 12:30 p.m.
or from 1:30 to 5 p.m. in room 308
of the second building from the
Engineering corner.
The Stanford Alumni Association
will assume all fees for students.
A notary public is now available
to all members of the student body.
Students who require notary serv
ice may call at the Alumni Asso
ciation office any time between the
hours oi 8:30 a.m. and 12:30 p.m.
or from 1:30 to 5 p.m. in room 308
of the second building from the
Engineering corner.
The Stanford Alumni Association
will assume all fees for students.
A notary public is now available
to all members of the student body.
Students who require notary serv
ice may call at the Alumni Asso
ciation office any time between the
hours oi 8:30 a.m. and 12:30 p.m.
or from 1:30 to 5 p.m. in room 308
of the second building from the
Engineering corner.
The Stanford Alumni Association
will assume all fees for students.
A notary public is now available
to all members of the student body.
Students who require notary serv
ice may call at the Alumni Asso
ciation office any time between the
hours oi 8:30 a.m. and 12:30 p.m.
or from 1:30 to 5 p.m. in room 308
of the second building from the
Engineering corner.
The Stanford Alumni Association
will assume all fees for students.
A notary public is now available
to all members of the student body.
Students who require notary serv
ice may call at the Alumni Asso
ciation office any time between the
hours oi 8:30 a.m. and 12:30 p.m.
or from 1:30 to 5 p.m. in room 308
of the second building from the
Engineering corner.
The Stanford Alumni Association
will assume all fees for students.
A notary public is now available
to all members of the student body.
Students who require notary serv
ice may call at the Alumni Asso
ciation office any time between the
hours oi 8:30 a.m. and 12:30 p.m.
or from 1:30 to 5 p.m. in room 308
of the second building from the
Engineering corner.
The Stanford Alumni Association
will assume all fees for students.
A notary public is now available
to all members of the student body.
Students who require notary serv
ice may call at the Alumni Asso
ciation office any time between the
hours oi 8:30 a.m. and 12:30 p.m.
or from 1:30 to 5 p.m. in room 308
of the second building from the
Engineering corner.
The Stanford Alumni Association
will assume all fees for students.
A notary public is now available
to all members of the student body.
Students who require notary serv
ice may call at the Alumni Asso
ciation office any time between the
hours oi 8:30 a.m. and 12:30 p.m.
or from 1:30 to 5 p.m. in room 308
of the second building from the
Engineering corner.
The Stanford Alumni Association
will assume all fees for students.
A notary public is now available
to all members of the student body.
Students who require notary serv
ice may call at the Alumni Asso
ciation office any time between the
hours oi 8:30 a.m. and 12:30 p.m.
or from 1:30 to 5 p.m. in room 308
of the second building from the
Engineering corner.
The Stanford Alumni Association
will assume all fees for students.
A notary public is now available
to all members of the student body.
Students who require notary serv
ice may call at the Alumni Asso
ciation office any time between the
hours oi 8:30 a.m. and 12:30 p.m.
or from 1:30 to 5 p.m. in room 308
of the second building from the
Engineering corner.
The Stanford Alumni Association
will assume all fees for students.
A notary public is now available
to all members of the student body.
Students who require notary serv
ice may call at the Alumni Asso
ciation office any time between the
hours oi 8:30 a.m. and 12:30 p.m.
or from 1:30 to 5 p.m. in room 308
of the second building from the
Engineering corner.
The Stanford Alumni Association
will assume all fees for students.
A notary public is now available
to all members of the student body.
Students who require notary serv
ice may call at the Alumni Asso
ciation office any time between the
hours oi 8:30 a.m. and 12:30 p.m.
or from 1:30 to 5 p.m. in room 308
of the second building from the
Engineering corner.
The Stanford Alumni Association
will assume all fees for students.
A notary public is now available
to all members of the student body.
Students who require notary serv
ice may call at the Alumni Asso
ciation office any time between the
hours oi 8:30 a.m. and 12:30 p.m.
or from 1:30 to 5 p.m. in room 308
of the second building from the
Engineering corner.
The Stanford Alumni Association
will assume all fees for students.
A notary public is now available
to all members of the student body.
Students who require notary serv
ice may call at the Alumni Asso
ciation office any time between the
hours oi 8:30 a.m. and 12:30 p.m.
or from 1:30 to 5 p.m. in room 308
of the second building from the
Engineering corner.
The Stanford Alumni Association
will assume all fees for students.
A notary public is now available
to all members of the student body.
Students who require notary serv
ice may call at the Alumni Asso
ciation office any time between the
hours oi 8:30 a.m. and 12:30 p.m.
or from 1:30 to 5 p.m. in room 308
of the second building from the
Engineering corner.
The Stanford Alumni Association
will assume all fees for students.
