# National Guard Opens Village Base
## 
### 
The Stanford unit of the National
Guard. Battery D. GSlst AAA Bn..
112 th Brigade. California National
Guard, will take up permanent
quarters at the Village today.
Formation of the battery was ne
cessitated by the increased enroll
ment of Stanford men in the or
ganization. Anyone over 17 years
old in good health can join the
Guard, which offers spare-time pay.
service to the country, and draft
deferment to its recruits.
Pay for the weekly two-hour drill
period on Monday nights ranges
from $2.50 for a recruit to 85.59
for a master sergeant. Full pay is
also given for a two-week training
period held'at the start of July in
San Luis Obispo.
Further information may be ob
tained at the Village Gym, the new
training center, on Monday nights
between 8 and 10.
