# NO TENNIS MEETING
## 
### 
Miss Gertrude Hawley, who has been
meeting the women for tennis on
Thursday afternoons at 5 o'clock, will
not be able to meet the group today.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, who has been
meeting the women for tennis on
Thursday afternoons at 5 o'clock, will
not be able to meet the group today.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, who has been
meeting the women for tennis on
Thursday afternoons at 5 o'clock, will
not be able to meet the group today.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, who has been
meeting the women for tennis on
Thursday afternoons at 5 o'clock, will
not be able to meet the group today.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, who has been
meeting the women for tennis on
Thursday afternoons at 5 o'clock, will
not be able to meet the group today.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, who has been
meeting the women for tennis on
Thursday afternoons at 5 o'clock, will
not be able to meet the group today.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, who has been
meeting the women for tennis on
Thursday afternoons at 5 o'clock, will
not be able to meet the group today.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, who has been
meeting the women for tennis on
Thursday afternoons at 5 o'clock, will
not be able to meet the group today.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, who has been
meeting the women for tennis on
Thursday afternoons at 5 o'clock, will
not be able to meet the group today.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, who has been
meeting the women for tennis on
Thursday afternoons at 5 o'clock, will
not be able to meet the group today.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, who has been
meeting the women for tennis on
Thursday afternoons at 5 o'clock, will
not be able to meet the group today.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, who has been
meeting the women for tennis on
Thursday afternoons at 5 o'clock, will
not be able to meet the group today.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, who has been
meeting the women for tennis on
Thursday afternoons at 5 o'clock, will
not be able to meet the group today.
Miss Gertrude Hawley, who has been
meeting the women for tennis on
Thursday afternoons at 5 o'clock, will
not be able to meet the group today.
