# MAENTZ, '34, MARRIED
## 
### 
Robert Maentz, '34, one of the stars
of last year's football team before he
was injured, was married to Miss Mary
Lee Roberts at the home of the bride's
parents in Medford, Oregon, Thursday.
Robert Maentz, '34, one of the stars
of last year's football team before he
was injured, was married to Miss Mary
Lee Roberts at the home of the bride's
parents in Medford, Oregon, Thursday.
Robert Maentz, '34, one of the stars
of last year's football team before he
was injured, was married to Miss Mary
Lee Roberts at the home of the bride's
parents in Medford, Oregon, Thursday.
Robert Maentz, '34, one of the stars
of last year's football team before he
was injured, was married to Miss Mary
Lee Roberts at the home of the bride's
parents in Medford, Oregon, Thursday.
Robert Maentz, '34, one of the stars
of last year's football team before he
was injured, was married to Miss Mary
Lee Roberts at the home of the bride's
parents in Medford, Oregon, Thursday.
Robert Maentz, '34, one of the stars
of last year's football team before he
was injured, was married to Miss Mary
Lee Roberts at the home of the bride's
parents in Medford, Oregon, Thursday.
Robert Maentz, '34, one of the stars
of last year's football team before he
was injured, was married to Miss Mary
Lee Roberts at the home of the bride's
parents in Medford, Oregon, Thursday.
Robert Maentz, '34, one of the stars
of last year's football team before he
was injured, was married to Miss Mary
Lee Roberts at the home of the bride's
parents in Medford, Oregon, Thursday.
Robert Maentz, '34, one of the stars
of last year's football team before he
was injured, was married to Miss Mary
Lee Roberts at the home of the bride's
parents in Medford, Oregon, Thursday.
Robert Maentz, '34, one of the stars
of last year's football team before he
was injured, was married to Miss Mary
Lee Roberts at the home of the bride's
parents in Medford, Oregon, Thursday.
Robert Maentz, '34, one of the stars
of last year's football team before he
was injured, was married to Miss Mary
Lee Roberts at the home of the bride's
parents in Medford, Oregon, Thursday.
Robert Maentz, '34, one of the stars
of last year's football team before he
was injured, was married to Miss Mary
Lee Roberts at the home of the bride's
parents in Medford, Oregon, Thursday.
Robert Maentz, '34, one of the stars
of last year's football team before he
was injured, was married to Miss Mary
Lee Roberts at the home of the bride's
parents in Medford, Oregon, Thursday.
Robert Maentz, '34, one of the stars
of last year's football team before he
was injured, was married to Miss Mary
Lee Roberts at the home of the bride's
parents in Medford, Oregon, Thursday.
