# Adv. 15 Page 8
## 
### 
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks P uhlieations Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks P uhlieations Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks P uhlieations Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks P uhlieations Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks P uhlieations Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks P uhlieations Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks P uhlieations Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks P uhlieations Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks P uhlieations Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks P uhlieations Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks P uhlieations Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks P uhlieations Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks P uhlieations Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks P uhlieations Building
