# Quad.
## 
### 
J. E. Shelton, '10, is practicing law
at present in Los Angeles.
N. C. Wilson, '12, is at present work
ing on the San Francisco Examiner in
the city.
E. D. Brown, '12, visited the campus
yesterday. Brown is with the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company in San
Francisco.
George B. Calver, '97, has been visit
ing friends on the campus for several
days past. Calver is now a member of
the faculty of the Los Angeles High
School.
Among those who will watch the re
turns from today's balloting with most
interest are H. C. Nelson, '10, and W.
E. Simpson, '33. Nelson is a candi
date for the nomination to the As
sembly from the second district. Simp
son is before the voters of the Fifty
sixth district seeking nomination to
the same body.
J. E. Shelton, '10, is practicing law
at present in Los Angeles.
N. C. Wilson, '12, is at present work
ing on the San Francisco Examiner in
the city.
E. D. Brown, '12, visited the campus
yesterday. Brown is with the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company in San
Francisco.
George B. Calver, '97, has been visit
ing friends on the campus for several
days past. Calver is now a member of
the faculty of the Los Angeles High
School.
Among those who will watch the re
turns from today's balloting with most
interest are H. C. Nelson, '10, and W.
E. Simpson, '33. Nelson is a candi
date for the nomination to the As
sembly from the second district. Simp
son is before the voters of the Fifty
sixth district seeking nomination to
the same body.
J. E. Shelton, '10, is practicing law
at present in Los Angeles.
N. C. Wilson, '12, is at present work
ing on the San Francisco Examiner in
the city.
E. D. Brown, '12, visited the campus
yesterday. Brown is with the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company in San
Francisco.
George B. Calver, '97, has been visit
ing friends on the campus for several
days past. Calver is now a member of
the faculty of the Los Angeles High
School.
Among those who will watch the re
turns from today's balloting with most
interest are H. C. Nelson, '10, and W.
E. Simpson, '33. Nelson is a candi
date for the nomination to the As
sembly from the second district. Simp
son is before the voters of the Fifty
sixth district seeking nomination to
the same body.
J. E. Shelton, '10, is practicing law
at present in Los Angeles.
N. C. Wilson, '12, is at present work
ing on the San Francisco Examiner in
the city.
E. D. Brown, '12, visited the campus
yesterday. Brown is with the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company in San
Francisco.
George B. Calver, '97, has been visit
ing friends on the campus for several
days past. Calver is now a member of
the faculty of the Los Angeles High
School.
Among those who will watch the re
turns from today's balloting with most
interest are H. C. Nelson, '10, and W.
E. Simpson, '33. Nelson is a candi
date for the nomination to the As
sembly from the second district. Simp
son is before the voters of the Fifty
sixth district seeking nomination to
the same body.
J. E. Shelton, '10, is practicing law
at present in Los Angeles.
N. C. Wilson, '12, is at present work
ing on the San Francisco Examiner in
the city.
E. D. Brown, '12, visited the campus
yesterday. Brown is with the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company in San
Francisco.
George B. Calver, '97, has been visit
ing friends on the campus for several
days past. Calver is now a member of
the faculty of the Los Angeles High
School.
Among those who will watch the re
turns from today's balloting with most
interest are H. C. Nelson, '10, and W.
E. Simpson, '33. Nelson is a candi
date for the nomination to the As
sembly from the second district. Simp
son is before the voters of the Fifty
sixth district seeking nomination to
the same body.
J. E. Shelton, '10, is practicing law
at present in Los Angeles.
N. C. Wilson, '12, is at present work
ing on the San Francisco Examiner in
the city.
E. D. Brown, '12, visited the campus
yesterday. Brown is with the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company in San
Francisco.
George B. Calver, '97, has been visit
ing friends on the campus for several
days past. Calver is now a member of
the faculty of the Los Angeles High
School.
Among those who will watch the re
turns from today's balloting with most
interest are H. C. Nelson, '10, and W.
E. Simpson, '33. Nelson is a candi
date for the nomination to the As
sembly from the second district. Simp
son is before the voters of the Fifty
sixth district seeking nomination to
the same body.
J. E. Shelton, '10, is practicing law
at present in Los Angeles.
N. C. Wilson, '12, is at present work
ing on the San Francisco Examiner in
the city.
E. D. Brown, '12, visited the campus
yesterday. Brown is with the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company in San
Francisco.
George B. Calver, '97, has been visit
ing friends on the campus for several
days past. Calver is now a member of
the faculty of the Los Angeles High
School.
Among those who will watch the re
turns from today's balloting with most
interest are H. C. Nelson, '10, and W.
E. Simpson, '33. Nelson is a candi
date for the nomination to the As
sembly from the second district. Simp
son is before the voters of the Fifty
sixth district seeking nomination to
the same body.
J. E. Shelton, '10, is practicing law
at present in Los Angeles.
N. C. Wilson, '12, is at present work
ing on the San Francisco Examiner in
the city.
E. D. Brown, '12, visited the campus
yesterday. Brown is with the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company in San
Francisco.
George B. Calver, '97, has been visit
ing friends on the campus for several
days past. Calver is now a member of
the faculty of the Los Angeles High
School.
Among those who will watch the re
turns from today's balloting with most
interest are H. C. Nelson, '10, and W.
E. Simpson, '33. Nelson is a candi
date for the nomination to the As
sembly from the second district. Simp
son is before the voters of the Fifty
sixth district seeking nomination to
the same body.
J. E. Shelton, '10, is practicing law
at present in Los Angeles.
N. C. Wilson, '12, is at present work
ing on the San Francisco Examiner in
the city.
E. D. Brown, '12, visited the campus
yesterday. Brown is with the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company in San
Francisco.
George B. Calver, '97, has been visit
ing friends on the campus for several
days past. Calver is now a member of
the faculty of the Los Angeles High
School.
Among those who will watch the re
turns from today's balloting with most
interest are H. C. Nelson, '10, and W.
E. Simpson, '33. Nelson is a candi
date for the nomination to the As
sembly from the second district. Simp
son is before the voters of the Fifty
sixth district seeking nomination to
the same body.
J. E. Shelton, '10, is practicing law
at present in Los Angeles.
N. C. Wilson, '12, is at present work
ing on the San Francisco Examiner in
the city.
E. D. Brown, '12, visited the campus
yesterday. Brown is with the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company in San
Francisco.
George B. Calver, '97, has been visit
ing friends on the campus for several
days past. Calver is now a member of
the faculty of the Los Angeles High
School.
Among those who will watch the re
turns from today's balloting with most
interest are H. C. Nelson, '10, and W.
E. Simpson, '33. Nelson is a candi
date for the nomination to the As
sembly from the second district. Simp
son is before the voters of the Fifty
sixth district seeking nomination to
the same body.
J. E. Shelton, '10, is practicing law
at present in Los Angeles.
N. C. Wilson, '12, is at present work
ing on the San Francisco Examiner in
the city.
E. D. Brown, '12, visited the campus
yesterday. Brown is with the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company in San
Francisco.
George B. Calver, '97, has been visit
ing friends on the campus for several
days past. Calver is now a member of
the faculty of the Los Angeles High
School.
Among those who will watch the re
turns from today's balloting with most
interest are H. C. Nelson, '10, and W.
E. Simpson, '33. Nelson is a candi
date for the nomination to the As
sembly from the second district. Simp
son is before the voters of the Fifty
sixth district seeking nomination to
the same body.
J. E. Shelton, '10, is practicing law
at present in Los Angeles.
N. C. Wilson, '12, is at present work
ing on the San Francisco Examiner in
the city.
E. D. Brown, '12, visited the campus
yesterday. Brown is with the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company in San
Francisco.
George B. Calver, '97, has been visit
ing friends on the campus for several
days past. Calver is now a member of
the faculty of the Los Angeles High
School.
Among those who will watch the re
turns from today's balloting with most
interest are H. C. Nelson, '10, and W.
E. Simpson, '33. Nelson is a candi
date for the nomination to the As
sembly from the second district. Simp
son is before the voters of the Fifty
sixth district seeking nomination to
the same body.
J. E. Shelton, '10, is practicing law
at present in Los Angeles.
N. C. Wilson, '12, is at present work
ing on the San Francisco Examiner in
the city.
E. D. Brown, '12, visited the campus
yesterday. Brown is with the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company in San
Francisco.
George B. Calver, '97, has been visit
ing friends on the campus for several
days past. Calver is now a member of
the faculty of the Los Angeles High
School.
Among those who will watch the re
turns from today's balloting with most
interest are H. C. Nelson, '10, and W.
E. Simpson, '33. Nelson is a candi
date for the nomination to the As
sembly from the second district. Simp
son is before the voters of the Fifty
sixth district seeking nomination to
the same body.
