# Vestry Closed Pending Restoration.
## 
### 
In order to avoid danger from fall
ins lumber while the roof is being re
stored, the Memorial Church is to be
fenced in, and no persons allowed near
the building. This will necessitate
the temporary closing of the vestry.
Pending the restoration, Dr. Gardner
will keep office hours and meet his
classes in room 84 of the Inner Quad.
The Daily Service at 8 a.m. will be
held in the Chapel, beginning next
Monday.
In order to avoid danger from fall
ins lumber while the roof is being re
stored, the Memorial Church is to be
fenced in, and no persons allowed near
the building. This will necessitate
the temporary closing of the vestry.
Pending the restoration, Dr. Gardner
will keep office hours and meet his
classes in room 84 of the Inner Quad.
The Daily Service at 8 a.m. will be
held in the Chapel, beginning next
Monday.
In order to avoid danger from fall
ins lumber while the roof is being re
stored, the Memorial Church is to be
fenced in, and no persons allowed near
the building. This will necessitate
the temporary closing of the vestry.
Pending the restoration, Dr. Gardner
will keep office hours and meet his
classes in room 84 of the Inner Quad.
The Daily Service at 8 a.m. will be
held in the Chapel, beginning next
Monday.
In order to avoid danger from fall
ins lumber while the roof is being re
stored, the Memorial Church is to be
fenced in, and no persons allowed near
the building. This will necessitate
the temporary closing of the vestry.
Pending the restoration, Dr. Gardner
will keep office hours and meet his
classes in room 84 of the Inner Quad.
The Daily Service at 8 a.m. will be
held in the Chapel, beginning next
Monday.
In order to avoid danger from fall
ins lumber while the roof is being re
stored, the Memorial Church is to be
fenced in, and no persons allowed near
the building. This will necessitate
the temporary closing of the vestry.
Pending the restoration, Dr. Gardner
will keep office hours and meet his
classes in room 84 of the Inner Quad.
The Daily Service at 8 a.m. will be
held in the Chapel, beginning next
Monday.
In order to avoid danger from fall
ins lumber while the roof is being re
stored, the Memorial Church is to be
fenced in, and no persons allowed near
the building. This will necessitate
the temporary closing of the vestry.
Pending the restoration, Dr. Gardner
will keep office hours and meet his
classes in room 84 of the Inner Quad.
The Daily Service at 8 a.m. will be
held in the Chapel, beginning next
Monday.
In order to avoid danger from fall
ins lumber while the roof is being re
stored, the Memorial Church is to be
fenced in, and no persons allowed near
the building. This will necessitate
the temporary closing of the vestry.
Pending the restoration, Dr. Gardner
will keep office hours and meet his
classes in room 84 of the Inner Quad.
The Daily Service at 8 a.m. will be
held in the Chapel, beginning next
Monday.
In order to avoid danger from fall
ins lumber while the roof is being re
stored, the Memorial Church is to be
fenced in, and no persons allowed near
the building. This will necessitate
the temporary closing of the vestry.
Pending the restoration, Dr. Gardner
will keep office hours and meet his
classes in room 84 of the Inner Quad.
The Daily Service at 8 a.m. will be
held in the Chapel, beginning next
Monday.
In order to avoid danger from fall
ins lumber while the roof is being re
stored, the Memorial Church is to be
fenced in, and no persons allowed near
the building. This will necessitate
the temporary closing of the vestry.
Pending the restoration, Dr. Gardner
will keep office hours and meet his
classes in room 84 of the Inner Quad.
The Daily Service at 8 a.m. will be
held in the Chapel, beginning next
Monday.
In order to avoid danger from fall
ins lumber while the roof is being re
stored, the Memorial Church is to be
fenced in, and no persons allowed near
the building. This will necessitate
the temporary closing of the vestry.
Pending the restoration, Dr. Gardner
will keep office hours and meet his
classes in room 84 of the Inner Quad.
The Daily Service at 8 a.m. will be
held in the Chapel, beginning next
Monday.
In order to avoid danger from fall
ins lumber while the roof is being re
stored, the Memorial Church is to be
fenced in, and no persons allowed near
the building. This will necessitate
the temporary closing of the vestry.
Pending the restoration, Dr. Gardner
will keep office hours and meet his
classes in room 84 of the Inner Quad.
The Daily Service at 8 a.m. will be
held in the Chapel, beginning next
Monday.
In order to avoid danger from fall
ins lumber while the roof is being re
stored, the Memorial Church is to be
fenced in, and no persons allowed near
the building. This will necessitate
the temporary closing of the vestry.
Pending the restoration, Dr. Gardner
will keep office hours and meet his
classes in room 84 of the Inner Quad.
The Daily Service at 8 a.m. will be
held in the Chapel, beginning next
Monday.
In order to avoid danger from fall
ins lumber while the roof is being re
stored, the Memorial Church is to be
fenced in, and no persons allowed near
the building. This will necessitate
the temporary closing of the vestry.
Pending the restoration, Dr. Gardner
will keep office hours and meet his
classes in room 84 of the Inner Quad.
The Daily Service at 8 a.m. will be
held in the Chapel, beginning next
Monday.
