# Adv. 11 Page 3
## 
### 
STEWARDESS
INTERVIEW
REMINDER
Campus interviews will be
held tomorrow for pro
spective Western Airlines
stewardesses. Please call
the University Placement
Bureau for an appointment.
APRPIL 14
STEWARDESS
INTERVIEW
REMINDER
Campus interviews will be
held tomorrow for pro
spective Western Airlines
stewardesses. Please call
the University Placement
Bureau for an appointment.
APRPIL 14
STEWARDESS
INTERVIEW
REMINDER
Campus interviews will be
held tomorrow for pro
spective Western Airlines
stewardesses. Please call
the University Placement
Bureau for an appointment.
APRPIL 14
STEWARDESS
INTERVIEW
REMINDER
Campus interviews will be
held tomorrow for pro
spective Western Airlines
stewardesses. Please call
the University Placement
Bureau for an appointment.
APRPIL 14
STEWARDESS
INTERVIEW
REMINDER
Campus interviews will be
held tomorrow for pro
spective Western Airlines
stewardesses. Please call
the University Placement
Bureau for an appointment.
APRPIL 14
STEWARDESS
INTERVIEW
REMINDER
Campus interviews will be
held tomorrow for pro
spective Western Airlines
stewardesses. Please call
the University Placement
Bureau for an appointment.
APRPIL 14
STEWARDESS
INTERVIEW
REMINDER
Campus interviews will be
held tomorrow for pro
spective Western Airlines
stewardesses. Please call
the University Placement
Bureau for an appointment.
APRPIL 14
STEWARDESS
INTERVIEW
REMINDER
Campus interviews will be
held tomorrow for pro
spective Western Airlines
stewardesses. Please call
the University Placement
Bureau for an appointment.
APRPIL 14
STEWARDESS
INTERVIEW
REMINDER
Campus interviews will be
held tomorrow for pro
spective Western Airlines
stewardesses. Please call
the University Placement
Bureau for an appointment.
APRPIL 14
STEWARDESS
INTERVIEW
REMINDER
Campus interviews will be
held tomorrow for pro
spective Western Airlines
stewardesses. Please call
the University Placement
Bureau for an appointment.
APRPIL 14
STEWARDESS
INTERVIEW
REMINDER
Campus interviews will be
held tomorrow for pro
spective Western Airlines
stewardesses. Please call
the University Placement
Bureau for an appointment.
APRPIL 14
STEWARDESS
INTERVIEW
REMINDER
Campus interviews will be
held tomorrow for pro
spective Western Airlines
stewardesses. Please call
the University Placement
Bureau for an appointment.
APRPIL 14
STEWARDESS
INTERVIEW
REMINDER
Campus interviews will be
held tomorrow for pro
spective Western Airlines
stewardesses. Please call
the University Placement
Bureau for an appointment.
APRPIL 14
STEWARDESS
INTERVIEW
REMINDER
Campus interviews will be
held tomorrow for pro
spective Western Airlines
stewardesses. Please call
the University Placement
Bureau for an appointment.
APRPIL 14
STEWARDESS
INTERVIEW
REMINDER
Campus interviews will be
held tomorrow for pro
spective Western Airlines
stewardesses. Please call
the University Placement
Bureau for an appointment.
APRPIL 14
STEWARDESS
INTERVIEW
REMINDER
Campus interviews will be
held tomorrow for pro
spective Western Airlines
stewardesses. Please call
the University Placement
Bureau for an appointment.
APRPIL 14
STEWARDESS
INTERVIEW
REMINDER
Campus interviews will be
held tomorrow for pro
spective Western Airlines
stewardesses. Please call
the University Placement
Bureau for an appointment.
APRPIL 14
