# Polio Shots Available to Students
## 
### 
Polio immunizations for stu
dents, especially those traveling
abroad this summer, will be given
at the Health Service on Tuesday
and Friday from 1 to 4 p.m. dur
ing the next several weeks.
It is important for those stu
dents wanting polio immunization

and also for those planning to
travel abroad this summer to be
immunized early in the quarter,
because there is a two-week wait
before and after the polio shot.
Polio immunizations for stu
dents, especially those traveling
abroad this summer, will be given
at the Health Service on Tuesday
and Friday from 1 to 4 p.m. dur
ing the next several weeks.
It is important for those stu
dents wanting polio immunization

and also for those planning to
travel abroad this summer to be
immunized early in the quarter,
because there is a two-week wait
before and after the polio shot.
Polio immunizations for stu
dents, especially those traveling
abroad this summer, will be given
at the Health Service on Tuesday
and Friday from 1 to 4 p.m. dur
ing the next several weeks.
It is important for those stu
dents wanting polio immunization

and also for those planning to
travel abroad this summer to be
immunized early in the quarter,
because there is a two-week wait
before and after the polio shot.
Polio immunizations for stu
dents, especially those traveling
abroad this summer, will be given
at the Health Service on Tuesday
and Friday from 1 to 4 p.m. dur
ing the next several weeks.
It is important for those stu
dents wanting polio immunization

and also for those planning to
travel abroad this summer to be
immunized early in the quarter,
because there is a two-week wait
before and after the polio shot.
Polio immunizations for stu
dents, especially those traveling
abroad this summer, will be given
at the Health Service on Tuesday
and Friday from 1 to 4 p.m. dur
ing the next several weeks.
It is important for those stu
dents wanting polio immunization

and also for those planning to
travel abroad this summer to be
immunized early in the quarter,
because there is a two-week wait
before and after the polio shot.
Polio immunizations for stu
dents, especially those traveling
abroad this summer, will be given
at the Health Service on Tuesday
and Friday from 1 to 4 p.m. dur
ing the next several weeks.
It is important for those stu
dents wanting polio immunization

and also for those planning to
travel abroad this summer to be
immunized early in the quarter,
because there is a two-week wait
before and after the polio shot.
Polio immunizations for stu
dents, especially those traveling
abroad this summer, will be given
at the Health Service on Tuesday
and Friday from 1 to 4 p.m. dur
ing the next several weeks.
It is important for those stu
dents wanting polio immunization

and also for those planning to
travel abroad this summer to be
immunized early in the quarter,
because there is a two-week wait
before and after the polio shot.
Polio immunizations for stu
dents, especially those traveling
abroad this summer, will be given
at the Health Service on Tuesday
and Friday from 1 to 4 p.m. dur
ing the next several weeks.
It is important for those stu
dents wanting polio immunization

and also for those planning to
travel abroad this summer to be
immunized early in the quarter,
because there is a two-week wait
before and after the polio shot.
Polio immunizations for stu
dents, especially those traveling
abroad this summer, will be given
at the Health Service on Tuesday
and Friday from 1 to 4 p.m. dur
ing the next several weeks.
It is important for those stu
dents wanting polio immunization

and also for those planning to
travel abroad this summer to be
immunized early in the quarter,
because there is a two-week wait
before and after the polio shot.
Polio immunizations for stu
dents, especially those traveling
abroad this summer, will be given
at the Health Service on Tuesday
and Friday from 1 to 4 p.m. dur
ing the next several weeks.
It is important for those stu
dents wanting polio immunization

and also for those planning to
travel abroad this summer to be
immunized early in the quarter,
because there is a two-week wait
before and after the polio shot.
Polio immunizations for stu
dents, especially those traveling
abroad this summer, will be given
at the Health Service on Tuesday
and Friday from 1 to 4 p.m. dur
ing the next several weeks.
It is important for those stu
dents wanting polio immunization

and also for those planning to
travel abroad this summer to be
immunized early in the quarter,
because there is a two-week wait
before and after the polio shot.
Polio immunizations for stu
dents, especially those traveling
abroad this summer, will be given
at the Health Service on Tuesday
and Friday from 1 to 4 p.m. dur
ing the next several weeks.
It is important for those stu
dents wanting polio immunization

and also for those planning to
travel abroad this summer to be
immunized early in the quarter,
because there is a two-week wait
before and after the polio shot.
Polio immunizations for stu
dents, especially those traveling
abroad this summer, will be given
at the Health Service on Tuesday
and Friday from 1 to 4 p.m. dur
ing the next several weeks.
It is important for those stu
dents wanting polio immunization

and also for those planning to
travel abroad this summer to be
immunized early in the quarter,
because there is a two-week wait
before and after the polio shot.
Polio immunizations for stu
dents, especially those traveling
abroad this summer, will be given
at the Health Service on Tuesday
and Friday from 1 to 4 p.m. dur
ing the next several weeks.
It is important for those stu
dents wanting polio immunization

and also for those planning to
travel abroad this summer to be
immunized early in the quarter,
because there is a two-week wait
before and after the polio shot.
Polio immunizations for stu
dents, especially those traveling
abroad this summer, will be given
at the Health Service on Tuesday
and Friday from 1 to 4 p.m. dur
ing the next several weeks.
It is important for those stu
dents wanting polio immunization

and also for those planning to
travel abroad this summer to be
immunized early in the quarter,
because there is a two-week wait
before and after the polio shot.
Polio immunizations for stu
dents, especially those traveling
abroad this summer, will be given
at the Health Service on Tuesday
and Friday from 1 to 4 p.m. dur
ing the next several weeks.
It is important for those stu
dents wanting polio immunization

and also for those planning to
travel abroad this summer to be
immunized early in the quarter,
because there is a two-week wait
before and after the polio shot.
Polio immunizations for stu
dents, especially those traveling
abroad this summer, will be given
at the Health Service on Tuesday
and Friday from 1 to 4 p.m. dur
ing the next several weeks.
It is important for those stu
dents wanting polio immunization

and also for those planning to
travel abroad this summer to be
immunized early in the quarter,
because there is a two-week wait
before and after the polio shot.
