# FISH STRIKE SPREADS
## 
### 
OAKLAND. Oct. 13 (/Pi.—A two
weeks-old strike among fish butch
ers of San Francisco spread to Oak
land today with announcement of
Charles Wagner, secretary of the
Fish Butchers' Union, that he was
proceeding to picket all but one of
Oakland's wholesale fish plants.

With America, France and Great
Britain roosting on the newly adopt
ed "elastic gold standard," foreign
currencies sold lower against the
dollar in world markets today.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13 (/Pi.—A two
weeks-old strike among fish butch
ers of San Francisco spread to Oak
land today with announcement of
Charles Wagner, secretary of the
Fish Butchers' Union, that he was
proceeding to picket all but one of
Oakland's wholesale fish plants.

With America, France and Great
Britain roosting on the newly adopt
ed "elastic gold standard," foreign
currencies sold lower against the
dollar in world markets today.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13 (/Pi.—A two
weeks-old strike among fish butch
ers of San Francisco spread to Oak
land today with announcement of
Charles Wagner, secretary of the
Fish Butchers' Union, that he was
proceeding to picket all but one of
Oakland's wholesale fish plants.

With America, France and Great
Britain roosting on the newly adopt
ed "elastic gold standard," foreign
currencies sold lower against the
dollar in world markets today.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13 (/Pi.—A two
weeks-old strike among fish butch
ers of San Francisco spread to Oak
land today with announcement of
Charles Wagner, secretary of the
Fish Butchers' Union, that he was
proceeding to picket all but one of
Oakland's wholesale fish plants.

With America, France and Great
Britain roosting on the newly adopt
ed "elastic gold standard," foreign
currencies sold lower against the
dollar in world markets today.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13 (/Pi.—A two
weeks-old strike among fish butch
ers of San Francisco spread to Oak
land today with announcement of
Charles Wagner, secretary of the
Fish Butchers' Union, that he was
proceeding to picket all but one of
Oakland's wholesale fish plants.

With America, France and Great
Britain roosting on the newly adopt
ed "elastic gold standard," foreign
currencies sold lower against the
dollar in world markets today.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13 (/Pi.—A two
weeks-old strike among fish butch
ers of San Francisco spread to Oak
land today with announcement of
Charles Wagner, secretary of the
Fish Butchers' Union, that he was
proceeding to picket all but one of
Oakland's wholesale fish plants.

With America, France and Great
Britain roosting on the newly adopt
ed "elastic gold standard," foreign
currencies sold lower against the
dollar in world markets today.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13 (/Pi.—A two
weeks-old strike among fish butch
ers of San Francisco spread to Oak
land today with announcement of
Charles Wagner, secretary of the
Fish Butchers' Union, that he was
proceeding to picket all but one of
Oakland's wholesale fish plants.

With America, France and Great
Britain roosting on the newly adopt
ed "elastic gold standard," foreign
currencies sold lower against the
dollar in world markets today.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13 (/Pi.—A two
weeks-old strike among fish butch
ers of San Francisco spread to Oak
land today with announcement of
Charles Wagner, secretary of the
Fish Butchers' Union, that he was
proceeding to picket all but one of
Oakland's wholesale fish plants.

With America, France and Great
Britain roosting on the newly adopt
ed "elastic gold standard," foreign
currencies sold lower against the
dollar in world markets today.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13 (/Pi.—A two
weeks-old strike among fish butch
ers of San Francisco spread to Oak
land today with announcement of
Charles Wagner, secretary of the
Fish Butchers' Union, that he was
proceeding to picket all but one of
Oakland's wholesale fish plants.

With America, France and Great
Britain roosting on the newly adopt
ed "elastic gold standard," foreign
currencies sold lower against the
dollar in world markets today.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13 (/Pi.—A two
weeks-old strike among fish butch
ers of San Francisco spread to Oak
land today with announcement of
Charles Wagner, secretary of the
Fish Butchers' Union, that he was
proceeding to picket all but one of
Oakland's wholesale fish plants.

With America, France and Great
Britain roosting on the newly adopt
ed "elastic gold standard," foreign
currencies sold lower against the
dollar in world markets today.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13 (/Pi.—A two
weeks-old strike among fish butch
ers of San Francisco spread to Oak
land today with announcement of
Charles Wagner, secretary of the
Fish Butchers' Union, that he was
proceeding to picket all but one of
Oakland's wholesale fish plants.

With America, France and Great
Britain roosting on the newly adopt
ed "elastic gold standard," foreign
currencies sold lower against the
dollar in world markets today.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13 (/Pi.—A two
weeks-old strike among fish butch
ers of San Francisco spread to Oak
land today with announcement of
Charles Wagner, secretary of the
Fish Butchers' Union, that he was
proceeding to picket all but one of
Oakland's wholesale fish plants.

With America, France and Great
Britain roosting on the newly adopt
ed "elastic gold standard," foreign
currencies sold lower against the
dollar in world markets today.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13 (/Pi.—A two
weeks-old strike among fish butch
ers of San Francisco spread to Oak
land today with announcement of
Charles Wagner, secretary of the
Fish Butchers' Union, that he was
proceeding to picket all but one of
Oakland's wholesale fish plants.

With America, France and Great
Britain roosting on the newly adopt
ed "elastic gold standard," foreign
currencies sold lower against the
dollar in world markets today.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13 (/Pi.—A two
weeks-old strike among fish butch
ers of San Francisco spread to Oak
land today with announcement of
Charles Wagner, secretary of the
Fish Butchers' Union, that he was
proceeding to picket all but one of
Oakland's wholesale fish plants.

With America, France and Great
Britain roosting on the newly adopt
ed "elastic gold standard," foreign
currencies sold lower against the
dollar in world markets today.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13 (/Pi.—A two
weeks-old strike among fish butch
ers of San Francisco spread to Oak
land today with announcement of
Charles Wagner, secretary of the
Fish Butchers' Union, that he was
proceeding to picket all but one of
Oakland's wholesale fish plants.

With America, France and Great
Britain roosting on the newly adopt
ed "elastic gold standard," foreign
currencies sold lower against the
dollar in world markets today.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13 (/Pi.—A two
weeks-old strike among fish butch
ers of San Francisco spread to Oak
land today with announcement of
Charles Wagner, secretary of the
Fish Butchers' Union, that he was
proceeding to picket all but one of
Oakland's wholesale fish plants.

With America, France and Great
Britain roosting on the newly adopt
ed "elastic gold standard," foreign
currencies sold lower against the
dollar in world markets today.
