# Rushing Mogul
## 
### 

808 HOOVER
Interfraternity president. He
asks that Row men study new
rushing rules.

808 HOOVER
Interfraternity president. He
asks that Row men study new
rushing rules.

808 HOOVER
Interfraternity president. He
asks that Row men study new
rushing rules.

808 HOOVER
Interfraternity president. He
asks that Row men study new
rushing rules.

808 HOOVER
Interfraternity president. He
asks that Row men study new
rushing rules.

808 HOOVER
Interfraternity president. He
asks that Row men study new
rushing rules.

808 HOOVER
Interfraternity president. He
asks that Row men study new
rushing rules.

808 HOOVER
Interfraternity president. He
asks that Row men study new
rushing rules.

808 HOOVER
Interfraternity president. He
asks that Row men study new
rushing rules.

808 HOOVER
Interfraternity president. He
asks that Row men study new
rushing rules.

808 HOOVER
Interfraternity president. He
asks that Row men study new
rushing rules.

808 HOOVER
Interfraternity president. He
asks that Row men study new
rushing rules.

808 HOOVER
Interfraternity president. He
asks that Row men study new
rushing rules.

808 HOOVER
Interfraternity president. He
asks that Row men study new
rushing rules.

808 HOOVER
Interfraternity president. He
asks that Row men study new
rushing rules.

808 HOOVER
Interfraternity president. He
asks that Row men study new
rushing rules.
