# Cops the Prize
## 
### 
back he ever had. And all the wags
down in L.A. say that Ambrose
Schindler, the injured second string
quarterback, is a step ahead of
Davis.
Team Out To Win
In spite of it, Stanford has gone at
it preparing to win the ball game, not
to hold down the score. The lack of
horseplay and the show of fire at
last night's workout indicated that
Tiny and his gang have their minds
on what they're doing.
The first string remained intact
from the Oregon game: Stone and
Clark, Callaway and Zagai', Ferko
and Matthews, Tsoutsouvas, Hoos,
Coffis and Vigna, and Jake Brigham.

T1 e quality of a wine depends
largely upon the quality of the
grape as it grew on the vine, and no
amount of skill can produce good
wine from inferior grape crops.


JOE VIGNA, varsity rTgTit half,
emerges as winner of the David ;
Keeble award for best player of
the week.
