# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The usefulness :in«l amount of mater
iil and the promptness with which it is
submitted are requisites fora position
on the staff of this paper. No honorary
members, lessening as they do the pro
portional credit due the real workers,
will be tolerated Any and all .students
who may wish to secure a position on
the staff will be gladly furnished with
instructions. The experience acquired
from work on the paper is not an insuf
ficient, compensation for the time re
quired, which, when each one does his
share of the work, is not much more
than the average student unconsciously
consumes in idleness.
The usefulness :in«l amount of mater
iil and the promptness with which it is
submitted are requisites fora position
on the staff of this paper. No honorary
members, lessening as they do the pro
portional credit due the real workers,
will be tolerated Any and all .students
who may wish to secure a position on
the staff will be gladly furnished with
instructions. The experience acquired
from work on the paper is not an insuf
ficient, compensation for the time re
quired, which, when each one does his
share of the work, is not much more
than the average student unconsciously
consumes in idleness.
The usefulness :in«l amount of mater
iil and the promptness with which it is
submitted are requisites fora position
on the staff of this paper. No honorary
members, lessening as they do the pro
portional credit due the real workers,
will be tolerated Any and all .students
who may wish to secure a position on
the staff will be gladly furnished with
instructions. The experience acquired
from work on the paper is not an insuf
ficient, compensation for the time re
quired, which, when each one does his
share of the work, is not much more
than the average student unconsciously
consumes in idleness.
