# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .it lower
prices
• Woolydcwn for new
popular jackets
• Bcrnatspun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
® New Aneoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexsaninc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Read Classified Ads
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .it lower
prices
• Woolydcwn for new
popular jackets
• Bcrnatspun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
® New Aneoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexsaninc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Read Classified Ads
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .it lower
prices
• Woolydcwn for new
popular jackets
• Bcrnatspun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
® New Aneoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexsaninc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Read Classified Ads
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .it lower
prices
• Woolydcwn for new
popular jackets
• Bcrnatspun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
® New Aneoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexsaninc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Read Classified Ads
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .it lower
prices
• Woolydcwn for new
popular jackets
• Bcrnatspun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
® New Aneoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexsaninc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Read Classified Ads
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .it lower
prices
• Woolydcwn for new
popular jackets
• Bcrnatspun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
® New Aneoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexsaninc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Read Classified Ads
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .it lower
prices
• Woolydcwn for new
popular jackets
• Bcrnatspun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
® New Aneoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexsaninc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Read Classified Ads
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .it lower
prices
• Woolydcwn for new
popular jackets
• Bcrnatspun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
® New Aneoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexsaninc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Read Classified Ads
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .it lower
prices
• Woolydcwn for new
popular jackets
• Bcrnatspun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
® New Aneoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexsaninc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Read Classified Ads
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .it lower
prices
• Woolydcwn for new
popular jackets
• Bcrnatspun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
® New Aneoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexsaninc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Read Classified Ads
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .it lower
prices
• Woolydcwn for new
popular jackets
• Bcrnatspun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
® New Aneoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexsaninc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Read Classified Ads
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .it lower
prices
• Woolydcwn for new
popular jackets
• Bcrnatspun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
® New Aneoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexsaninc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Read Classified Ads
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .it lower
prices
• Woolydcwn for new
popular jackets
• Bcrnatspun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
® New Aneoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexsaninc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Read Classified Ads
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .it lower
prices
• Woolydcwn for new
popular jackets
• Bcrnatspun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
® New Aneoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexsaninc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Read Classified Ads
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .it lower
prices
• Woolydcwn for new
popular jackets
• Bcrnatspun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
® New Aneoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexsaninc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Read Classified Ads
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .it lower
prices
• Woolydcwn for new
popular jackets
• Bcrnatspun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
® New Aneoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexsaninc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Read Classified Ads
