# Contest Opened To Farm Literati
## 
### 
Opening English Club's annual
prose and poetry contest, President
Scott McGilvray announced yester
day after a meeting of the club that
manuscripts may be submitted until
Thursday, May 18.
All Farm students are eligible to
send in manuscripts, according to
McGilvray, and winning stories and
verse will be printed in English
Club's annual Yearbook of Stanford
Writing.
Judges for the contest and prizes
to bo offered—aside from having the
winning stories published in the
yearbook—have not been announced.
Urging Farm writers to send in
their manuscripts early, McGilvray
said, "The earlier we can get the
manuscripts in and judged, the soon
er we can start putting our book
together.
"We have less than a month after
our deadline date before finals be
gin, and we want to get the book
out. in plenty of time."
Opening English Club's annual
prose and poetry contest, President
Scott McGilvray announced yester
day after a meeting of the club that
manuscripts may be submitted until
Thursday, May 18.
All Farm students are eligible to
send in manuscripts, according to
McGilvray, and winning stories and
verse will be printed in English
Club's annual Yearbook of Stanford
Writing.
Judges for the contest and prizes
to bo offered—aside from having the
winning stories published in the
yearbook—have not been announced.
Urging Farm writers to send in
their manuscripts early, McGilvray
said, "The earlier we can get the
manuscripts in and judged, the soon
er we can start putting our book
together.
"We have less than a month after
our deadline date before finals be
gin, and we want to get the book
out. in plenty of time."
Opening English Club's annual
prose and poetry contest, President
Scott McGilvray announced yester
day after a meeting of the club that
manuscripts may be submitted until
Thursday, May 18.
All Farm students are eligible to
send in manuscripts, according to
McGilvray, and winning stories and
verse will be printed in English
Club's annual Yearbook of Stanford
Writing.
Judges for the contest and prizes
to bo offered—aside from having the
winning stories published in the
yearbook—have not been announced.
Urging Farm writers to send in
their manuscripts early, McGilvray
said, "The earlier we can get the
manuscripts in and judged, the soon
er we can start putting our book
together.
"We have less than a month after
our deadline date before finals be
gin, and we want to get the book
out. in plenty of time."
Opening English Club's annual
prose and poetry contest, President
Scott McGilvray announced yester
day after a meeting of the club that
manuscripts may be submitted until
Thursday, May 18.
All Farm students are eligible to
send in manuscripts, according to
McGilvray, and winning stories and
verse will be printed in English
Club's annual Yearbook of Stanford
Writing.
Judges for the contest and prizes
to bo offered—aside from having the
winning stories published in the
yearbook—have not been announced.
Urging Farm writers to send in
their manuscripts early, McGilvray
said, "The earlier we can get the
manuscripts in and judged, the soon
er we can start putting our book
together.
"We have less than a month after
our deadline date before finals be
gin, and we want to get the book
out. in plenty of time."
Opening English Club's annual
prose and poetry contest, President
Scott McGilvray announced yester
day after a meeting of the club that
manuscripts may be submitted until
Thursday, May 18.
All Farm students are eligible to
send in manuscripts, according to
McGilvray, and winning stories and
verse will be printed in English
Club's annual Yearbook of Stanford
Writing.
Judges for the contest and prizes
to bo offered—aside from having the
winning stories published in the
yearbook—have not been announced.
Urging Farm writers to send in
their manuscripts early, McGilvray
said, "The earlier we can get the
manuscripts in and judged, the soon
er we can start putting our book
together.
"We have less than a month after
our deadline date before finals be
gin, and we want to get the book
out. in plenty of time."
Opening English Club's annual
prose and poetry contest, President
Scott McGilvray announced yester
day after a meeting of the club that
manuscripts may be submitted until
Thursday, May 18.
All Farm students are eligible to
send in manuscripts, according to
McGilvray, and winning stories and
verse will be printed in English
Club's annual Yearbook of Stanford
Writing.
Judges for the contest and prizes
to bo offered—aside from having the
winning stories published in the
yearbook—have not been announced.
Urging Farm writers to send in
their manuscripts early, McGilvray
said, "The earlier we can get the
manuscripts in and judged, the soon
er we can start putting our book
together.
"We have less than a month after
our deadline date before finals be
gin, and we want to get the book
out. in plenty of time."
Opening English Club's annual
prose and poetry contest, President
Scott McGilvray announced yester
day after a meeting of the club that
manuscripts may be submitted until
Thursday, May 18.
All Farm students are eligible to
send in manuscripts, according to
McGilvray, and winning stories and
verse will be printed in English
Club's annual Yearbook of Stanford
Writing.
Judges for the contest and prizes
to bo offered—aside from having the
winning stories published in the
yearbook—have not been announced.
Urging Farm writers to send in
their manuscripts early, McGilvray
said, "The earlier we can get the
manuscripts in and judged, the soon
er we can start putting our book
together.
"We have less than a month after
our deadline date before finals be
gin, and we want to get the book
out. in plenty of time."
Opening English Club's annual
prose and poetry contest, President
Scott McGilvray announced yester
day after a meeting of the club that
manuscripts may be submitted until
Thursday, May 18.
All Farm students are eligible to
send in manuscripts, according to
McGilvray, and winning stories and
verse will be printed in English
Club's annual Yearbook of Stanford
Writing.
Judges for the contest and prizes
to bo offered—aside from having the
winning stories published in the
yearbook—have not been announced.
Urging Farm writers to send in
their manuscripts early, McGilvray
said, "The earlier we can get the
manuscripts in and judged, the soon
er we can start putting our book
together.
"We have less than a month after
our deadline date before finals be
gin, and we want to get the book
out. in plenty of time."
Opening English Club's annual
prose and poetry contest, President
Scott McGilvray announced yester
day after a meeting of the club that
manuscripts may be submitted until
Thursday, May 18.
All Farm students are eligible to
send in manuscripts, according to
McGilvray, and winning stories and
verse will be printed in English
Club's annual Yearbook of Stanford
Writing.
Judges for the contest and prizes
to bo offered—aside from having the
winning stories published in the
yearbook—have not been announced.
Urging Farm writers to send in
their manuscripts early, McGilvray
said, "The earlier we can get the
manuscripts in and judged, the soon
er we can start putting our book
together.
"We have less than a month after
our deadline date before finals be
gin, and we want to get the book
out. in plenty of time."
Opening English Club's annual
prose and poetry contest, President
Scott McGilvray announced yester
day after a meeting of the club that
manuscripts may be submitted until
Thursday, May 18.
All Farm students are eligible to
send in manuscripts, according to
McGilvray, and winning stories and
verse will be printed in English
Club's annual Yearbook of Stanford
Writing.
Judges for the contest and prizes
to bo offered—aside from having the
winning stories published in the
yearbook—have not been announced.
Urging Farm writers to send in
their manuscripts early, McGilvray
said, "The earlier we can get the
manuscripts in and judged, the soon
er we can start putting our book
together.
"We have less than a month after
our deadline date before finals be
gin, and we want to get the book
out. in plenty of time."
Opening English Club's annual
prose and poetry contest, President
Scott McGilvray announced yester
day after a meeting of the club that
manuscripts may be submitted until
Thursday, May 18.
All Farm students are eligible to
send in manuscripts, according to
McGilvray, and winning stories and
verse will be printed in English
Club's annual Yearbook of Stanford
Writing.
Judges for the contest and prizes
to bo offered—aside from having the
winning stories published in the
yearbook—have not been announced.
Urging Farm writers to send in
their manuscripts early, McGilvray
said, "The earlier we can get the
manuscripts in and judged, the soon
er we can start putting our book
together.
"We have less than a month after
our deadline date before finals be
gin, and we want to get the book
out. in plenty of time."
Opening English Club's annual
prose and poetry contest, President
Scott McGilvray announced yester
day after a meeting of the club that
manuscripts may be submitted until
Thursday, May 18.
All Farm students are eligible to
send in manuscripts, according to
McGilvray, and winning stories and
verse will be printed in English
Club's annual Yearbook of Stanford
Writing.
Judges for the contest and prizes
to bo offered—aside from having the
winning stories published in the
yearbook—have not been announced.
Urging Farm writers to send in
their manuscripts early, McGilvray
said, "The earlier we can get the
manuscripts in and judged, the soon
er we can start putting our book
together.
"We have less than a month after
our deadline date before finals be
gin, and we want to get the book
out. in plenty of time."
Opening English Club's annual
prose and poetry contest, President
Scott McGilvray announced yester
day after a meeting of the club that
manuscripts may be submitted until
Thursday, May 18.
All Farm students are eligible to
send in manuscripts, according to
McGilvray, and winning stories and
verse will be printed in English
Club's annual Yearbook of Stanford
Writing.
Judges for the contest and prizes
to bo offered—aside from having the
winning stories published in the
yearbook—have not been announced.
Urging Farm writers to send in
their manuscripts early, McGilvray
said, "The earlier we can get the
manuscripts in and judged, the soon
er we can start putting our book
together.
"We have less than a month after
our deadline date before finals be
gin, and we want to get the book
out. in plenty of time."
Opening English Club's annual
prose and poetry contest, President
Scott McGilvray announced yester
day after a meeting of the club that
manuscripts may be submitted until
Thursday, May 18.
All Farm students are eligible to
send in manuscripts, according to
McGilvray, and winning stories and
verse will be printed in English
Club's annual Yearbook of Stanford
Writing.
Judges for the contest and prizes
to bo offered—aside from having the
winning stories published in the
yearbook—have not been announced.
Urging Farm writers to send in
their manuscripts early, McGilvray
said, "The earlier we can get the
manuscripts in and judged, the soon
er we can start putting our book
together.
"We have less than a month after
our deadline date before finals be
gin, and we want to get the book
out. in plenty of time."
Opening English Club's annual
prose and poetry contest, President
Scott McGilvray announced yester
day after a meeting of the club that
manuscripts may be submitted until
Thursday, May 18.
All Farm students are eligible to
send in manuscripts, according to
McGilvray, and winning stories and
verse will be printed in English
Club's annual Yearbook of Stanford
Writing.
Judges for the contest and prizes
to bo offered—aside from having the
winning stories published in the
yearbook—have not been announced.
Urging Farm writers to send in
their manuscripts early, McGilvray
said, "The earlier we can get the
manuscripts in and judged, the soon
er we can start putting our book
together.
"We have less than a month after
our deadline date before finals be
gin, and we want to get the book
out. in plenty of time."
Opening English Club's annual
prose and poetry contest, President
Scott McGilvray announced yester
day after a meeting of the club that
manuscripts may be submitted until
Thursday, May 18.
All Farm students are eligible to
send in manuscripts, according to
McGilvray, and winning stories and
verse will be printed in English
Club's annual Yearbook of Stanford
Writing.
Judges for the contest and prizes
to bo offered—aside from having the
winning stories published in the
yearbook—have not been announced.
Urging Farm writers to send in
their manuscripts early, McGilvray
said, "The earlier we can get the
manuscripts in and judged, the soon
er we can start putting our book
together.
"We have less than a month after
our deadline date before finals be
gin, and we want to get the book
out. in plenty of time."
