# Drought, Insects Fought in Oregon
## 
### 
PORTLAND, Ore., May J. (UP).—
The double Dangers of drought ;md
insect infestation again plagued the
Pacific Northwest tonight, with no
indications of a break in un.scason
ally warm weather.
An army of C.C.C. enrol lees and
civilians continued a fight against
a widespread cricket infestation in
Central Oregon. State entomologists
.■-aid the invasion had been checked
short of the Eastern Oregon wheat
fields.
PORTLAND, Ore., May J. (UP).—
The double Dangers of drought ;md
insect infestation again plagued the
Pacific Northwest tonight, with no
indications of a break in un.scason
ally warm weather.
An army of C.C.C. enrol lees and
civilians continued a fight against
a widespread cricket infestation in
Central Oregon. State entomologists
.■-aid the invasion had been checked
short of the Eastern Oregon wheat
fields.
PORTLAND, Ore., May J. (UP).—
The double Dangers of drought ;md
insect infestation again plagued the
Pacific Northwest tonight, with no
indications of a break in un.scason
ally warm weather.
An army of C.C.C. enrol lees and
civilians continued a fight against
a widespread cricket infestation in
Central Oregon. State entomologists
.■-aid the invasion had been checked
short of the Eastern Oregon wheat
fields.
PORTLAND, Ore., May J. (UP).—
The double Dangers of drought ;md
insect infestation again plagued the
Pacific Northwest tonight, with no
indications of a break in un.scason
ally warm weather.
An army of C.C.C. enrol lees and
civilians continued a fight against
a widespread cricket infestation in
Central Oregon. State entomologists
.■-aid the invasion had been checked
short of the Eastern Oregon wheat
fields.
PORTLAND, Ore., May J. (UP).—
The double Dangers of drought ;md
insect infestation again plagued the
Pacific Northwest tonight, with no
indications of a break in un.scason
ally warm weather.
An army of C.C.C. enrol lees and
civilians continued a fight against
a widespread cricket infestation in
Central Oregon. State entomologists
.■-aid the invasion had been checked
short of the Eastern Oregon wheat
fields.
PORTLAND, Ore., May J. (UP).—
The double Dangers of drought ;md
insect infestation again plagued the
Pacific Northwest tonight, with no
indications of a break in un.scason
ally warm weather.
An army of C.C.C. enrol lees and
civilians continued a fight against
a widespread cricket infestation in
Central Oregon. State entomologists
.■-aid the invasion had been checked
short of the Eastern Oregon wheat
fields.
PORTLAND, Ore., May J. (UP).—
The double Dangers of drought ;md
insect infestation again plagued the
Pacific Northwest tonight, with no
indications of a break in un.scason
ally warm weather.
An army of C.C.C. enrol lees and
civilians continued a fight against
a widespread cricket infestation in
Central Oregon. State entomologists
.■-aid the invasion had been checked
short of the Eastern Oregon wheat
fields.
PORTLAND, Ore., May J. (UP).—
The double Dangers of drought ;md
insect infestation again plagued the
Pacific Northwest tonight, with no
indications of a break in un.scason
ally warm weather.
An army of C.C.C. enrol lees and
civilians continued a fight against
a widespread cricket infestation in
Central Oregon. State entomologists
.■-aid the invasion had been checked
short of the Eastern Oregon wheat
fields.
PORTLAND, Ore., May J. (UP).—
The double Dangers of drought ;md
insect infestation again plagued the
Pacific Northwest tonight, with no
indications of a break in un.scason
ally warm weather.
An army of C.C.C. enrol lees and
civilians continued a fight against
a widespread cricket infestation in
Central Oregon. State entomologists
.■-aid the invasion had been checked
short of the Eastern Oregon wheat
fields.
PORTLAND, Ore., May J. (UP).—
The double Dangers of drought ;md
insect infestation again plagued the
Pacific Northwest tonight, with no
indications of a break in un.scason
ally warm weather.
An army of C.C.C. enrol lees and
civilians continued a fight against
a widespread cricket infestation in
Central Oregon. State entomologists
.■-aid the invasion had been checked
short of the Eastern Oregon wheat
fields.
PORTLAND, Ore., May J. (UP).—
The double Dangers of drought ;md
insect infestation again plagued the
Pacific Northwest tonight, with no
indications of a break in un.scason
ally warm weather.
An army of C.C.C. enrol lees and
civilians continued a fight against
a widespread cricket infestation in
Central Oregon. State entomologists
.■-aid the invasion had been checked
short of the Eastern Oregon wheat
fields.
PORTLAND, Ore., May J. (UP).—
The double Dangers of drought ;md
insect infestation again plagued the
Pacific Northwest tonight, with no
indications of a break in un.scason
ally warm weather.
An army of C.C.C. enrol lees and
civilians continued a fight against
a widespread cricket infestation in
Central Oregon. State entomologists
.■-aid the invasion had been checked
short of the Eastern Oregon wheat
fields.
PORTLAND, Ore., May J. (UP).—
The double Dangers of drought ;md
insect infestation again plagued the
Pacific Northwest tonight, with no
indications of a break in un.scason
ally warm weather.
An army of C.C.C. enrol lees and
civilians continued a fight against
a widespread cricket infestation in
Central Oregon. State entomologists
.■-aid the invasion had been checked
short of the Eastern Oregon wheat
fields.
PORTLAND, Ore., May J. (UP).—
The double Dangers of drought ;md
insect infestation again plagued the
Pacific Northwest tonight, with no
indications of a break in un.scason
ally warm weather.
An army of C.C.C. enrol lees and
civilians continued a fight against
a widespread cricket infestation in
Central Oregon. State entomologists
.■-aid the invasion had been checked
short of the Eastern Oregon wheat
fields.
PORTLAND, Ore., May J. (UP).—
The double Dangers of drought ;md
insect infestation again plagued the
Pacific Northwest tonight, with no
indications of a break in un.scason
ally warm weather.
An army of C.C.C. enrol lees and
civilians continued a fight against
a widespread cricket infestation in
Central Oregon. State entomologists
.■-aid the invasion had been checked
short of the Eastern Oregon wheat
fields.
PORTLAND, Ore., May J. (UP).—
The double Dangers of drought ;md
insect infestation again plagued the
Pacific Northwest tonight, with no
indications of a break in un.scason
ally warm weather.
An army of C.C.C. enrol lees and
civilians continued a fight against
a widespread cricket infestation in
Central Oregon. State entomologists
.■-aid the invasion had been checked
short of the Eastern Oregon wheat
fields.
