# To Wear Numerals on Capa.
## 
### 
The Freshman Rugby team has de
cided that the members of the team
shall wear the class numeral on the
class cap.
The Freshman Rugby team has de
cided that the members of the team
shall wear the class numeral on the
class cap.
The Freshman Rugby team has de
cided that the members of the team
shall wear the class numeral on the
class cap.
The Freshman Rugby team has de
cided that the members of the team
shall wear the class numeral on the
class cap.
The Freshman Rugby team has de
cided that the members of the team
shall wear the class numeral on the
class cap.
The Freshman Rugby team has de
cided that the members of the team
shall wear the class numeral on the
class cap.
The Freshman Rugby team has de
cided that the members of the team
shall wear the class numeral on the
class cap.
The Freshman Rugby team has de
cided that the members of the team
shall wear the class numeral on the
class cap.
The Freshman Rugby team has de
cided that the members of the team
shall wear the class numeral on the
class cap.
