# Johnston Addresses Folk-Lore Club.
## 
### 
Professor O. M. Johnston, of the
department of Romanic Languages,
last Tuesday evening addressed the
Folk Lore Club of the University of
California 011 Dante's "Divine Com
edy."
Professor O. M. Johnston, of the
department of Romanic Languages,
last Tuesday evening addressed the
Folk Lore Club of the University of
California 011 Dante's "Divine Com
edy."
Professor O. M. Johnston, of the
department of Romanic Languages,
last Tuesday evening addressed the
Folk Lore Club of the University of
California 011 Dante's "Divine Com
edy."
Professor O. M. Johnston, of the
department of Romanic Languages,
last Tuesday evening addressed the
Folk Lore Club of the University of
California 011 Dante's "Divine Com
edy."
Professor O. M. Johnston, of the
department of Romanic Languages,
last Tuesday evening addressed the
Folk Lore Club of the University of
California 011 Dante's "Divine Com
edy."
Professor O. M. Johnston, of the
department of Romanic Languages,
last Tuesday evening addressed the
Folk Lore Club of the University of
California 011 Dante's "Divine Com
edy."
Professor O. M. Johnston, of the
department of Romanic Languages,
last Tuesday evening addressed the
Folk Lore Club of the University of
California 011 Dante's "Divine Com
edy."
Professor O. M. Johnston, of the
department of Romanic Languages,
last Tuesday evening addressed the
Folk Lore Club of the University of
California 011 Dante's "Divine Com
edy."
Professor O. M. Johnston, of the
department of Romanic Languages,
last Tuesday evening addressed the
Folk Lore Club of the University of
California 011 Dante's "Divine Com
edy."
