# STERLING-A
## 
### 
Sterling Hall (A wing) offi
cers: Tony Voogd, president;
Mike McGoldriick, treasurer;
George Lonnyear, social chair
man; Roy Lawson, athletic chair
man.
Sterling Hall (A wing) offi
cers: Tony Voogd, president;
Mike McGoldriick, treasurer;
George Lonnyear, social chair
man; Roy Lawson, athletic chair
man.
Sterling Hall (A wing) offi
cers: Tony Voogd, president;
Mike McGoldriick, treasurer;
George Lonnyear, social chair
man; Roy Lawson, athletic chair
man.
Sterling Hall (A wing) offi
cers: Tony Voogd, president;
Mike McGoldriick, treasurer;
George Lonnyear, social chair
man; Roy Lawson, athletic chair
man.
Sterling Hall (A wing) offi
cers: Tony Voogd, president;
Mike McGoldriick, treasurer;
George Lonnyear, social chair
man; Roy Lawson, athletic chair
man.
Sterling Hall (A wing) offi
cers: Tony Voogd, president;
Mike McGoldriick, treasurer;
George Lonnyear, social chair
man; Roy Lawson, athletic chair
man.
Sterling Hall (A wing) offi
cers: Tony Voogd, president;
Mike McGoldriick, treasurer;
George Lonnyear, social chair
man; Roy Lawson, athletic chair
man.
Sterling Hall (A wing) offi
cers: Tony Voogd, president;
Mike McGoldriick, treasurer;
George Lonnyear, social chair
man; Roy Lawson, athletic chair
man.
Sterling Hall (A wing) offi
cers: Tony Voogd, president;
Mike McGoldriick, treasurer;
George Lonnyear, social chair
man; Roy Lawson, athletic chair
man.
Sterling Hall (A wing) offi
cers: Tony Voogd, president;
Mike McGoldriick, treasurer;
George Lonnyear, social chair
man; Roy Lawson, athletic chair
man.
Sterling Hall (A wing) offi
cers: Tony Voogd, president;
Mike McGoldriick, treasurer;
George Lonnyear, social chair
man; Roy Lawson, athletic chair
man.
Sterling Hall (A wing) offi
cers: Tony Voogd, president;
Mike McGoldriick, treasurer;
George Lonnyear, social chair
man; Roy Lawson, athletic chair
man.
Sterling Hall (A wing) offi
cers: Tony Voogd, president;
Mike McGoldriick, treasurer;
George Lonnyear, social chair
man; Roy Lawson, athletic chair
man.
Sterling Hall (A wing) offi
cers: Tony Voogd, president;
Mike McGoldriick, treasurer;
George Lonnyear, social chair
man; Roy Lawson, athletic chair
man.
Sterling Hall (A wing) offi
cers: Tony Voogd, president;
Mike McGoldriick, treasurer;
George Lonnyear, social chair
man; Roy Lawson, athletic chair
man.
Sterling Hall (A wing) offi
cers: Tony Voogd, president;
Mike McGoldriick, treasurer;
George Lonnyear, social chair
man; Roy Lawson, athletic chair
man.
Sterling Hall (A wing) offi
cers: Tony Voogd, president;
Mike McGoldriick, treasurer;
George Lonnyear, social chair
man; Roy Lawson, athletic chair
man.
