# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Delta Upsilon plays Sigma Nu this
afternoon for the interfraternity base
ball championship.
Delta Upsilon plays Sigma Nu this
afternoon for the interfraternity base
ball championship.
Delta Upsilon plays Sigma Nu this
afternoon for the interfraternity base
ball championship.
Delta Upsilon plays Sigma Nu this
afternoon for the interfraternity base
ball championship.
Delta Upsilon plays Sigma Nu this
afternoon for the interfraternity base
ball championship.
Delta Upsilon plays Sigma Nu this
afternoon for the interfraternity base
ball championship.
Delta Upsilon plays Sigma Nu this
afternoon for the interfraternity base
ball championship.
Delta Upsilon plays Sigma Nu this
afternoon for the interfraternity base
ball championship.
Delta Upsilon plays Sigma Nu this
afternoon for the interfraternity base
ball championship.
Delta Upsilon plays Sigma Nu this
afternoon for the interfraternity base
ball championship.
Delta Upsilon plays Sigma Nu this
afternoon for the interfraternity base
ball championship.
Delta Upsilon plays Sigma Nu this
afternoon for the interfraternity base
ball championship.
Delta Upsilon plays Sigma Nu this
afternoon for the interfraternity base
ball championship.
