# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Memorial church will be com
pleted in the last part of the year
1915.
The Memorial church will be com
pleted in the last part of the year
1915.
The Memorial church will be com
pleted in the last part of the year
1915.
The Memorial church will be com
pleted in the last part of the year
1915.
The Memorial church will be com
pleted in the last part of the year
1915.
The Memorial church will be com
pleted in the last part of the year
1915.
The Memorial church will be com
pleted in the last part of the year
1915.
The Memorial church will be com
pleted in the last part of the year
1915.
The Memorial church will be com
pleted in the last part of the year
1915.
The Memorial church will be com
pleted in the last part of the year
1915.
The Memorial church will be com
pleted in the last part of the year
1915.
The Memorial church will be com
pleted in the last part of the year
1915.
The Memorial church will be com
pleted in the last part of the year
1915.
