# DAN CUPID CONTINUES ACTIVE
## 
### 
The engagement of Miss Elizabeth
Allen, ex-'l5, to Milton W. Sevier,
ex-'l4, has been announced. The wed
ding will take place sometime during
the summer. The young couple will
live in Eureka.
The engagement of Miss Elizabeth
Allen, ex-'l5, to Milton W. Sevier,
ex-'l4, has been announced. The wed
ding will take place sometime during
the summer. The young couple will
live in Eureka.
The engagement of Miss Elizabeth
Allen, ex-'l5, to Milton W. Sevier,
ex-'l4, has been announced. The wed
ding will take place sometime during
the summer. The young couple will
live in Eureka.
The engagement of Miss Elizabeth
Allen, ex-'l5, to Milton W. Sevier,
ex-'l4, has been announced. The wed
ding will take place sometime during
the summer. The young couple will
live in Eureka.
The engagement of Miss Elizabeth
Allen, ex-'l5, to Milton W. Sevier,
ex-'l4, has been announced. The wed
ding will take place sometime during
the summer. The young couple will
live in Eureka.
The engagement of Miss Elizabeth
Allen, ex-'l5, to Milton W. Sevier,
ex-'l4, has been announced. The wed
ding will take place sometime during
the summer. The young couple will
live in Eureka.
The engagement of Miss Elizabeth
Allen, ex-'l5, to Milton W. Sevier,
ex-'l4, has been announced. The wed
ding will take place sometime during
the summer. The young couple will
live in Eureka.
The engagement of Miss Elizabeth
Allen, ex-'l5, to Milton W. Sevier,
ex-'l4, has been announced. The wed
ding will take place sometime during
the summer. The young couple will
live in Eureka.
The engagement of Miss Elizabeth
Allen, ex-'l5, to Milton W. Sevier,
ex-'l4, has been announced. The wed
ding will take place sometime during
the summer. The young couple will
live in Eureka.
The engagement of Miss Elizabeth
Allen, ex-'l5, to Milton W. Sevier,
ex-'l4, has been announced. The wed
ding will take place sometime during
the summer. The young couple will
live in Eureka.
The engagement of Miss Elizabeth
Allen, ex-'l5, to Milton W. Sevier,
ex-'l4, has been announced. The wed
ding will take place sometime during
the summer. The young couple will
live in Eureka.
The engagement of Miss Elizabeth
Allen, ex-'l5, to Milton W. Sevier,
ex-'l4, has been announced. The wed
ding will take place sometime during
the summer. The young couple will
live in Eureka.
The engagement of Miss Elizabeth
Allen, ex-'l5, to Milton W. Sevier,
ex-'l4, has been announced. The wed
ding will take place sometime during
the summer. The young couple will
live in Eureka.
