# Untitled Article
## 
### 
On the first page will be found
notice ot Memorial D.Â»y exercises
and also a Memorial Day excursion
Dotli of these events were so much
appreciated last year that we are
glad to note that the precedent will
be followed this. 1: will bo noticed
tbat the committee is undecided
whether the excursion shall be to
Monterey or Santa Cruz, and are
anxious to get expression from the
students on the subject. List year!
Monterey was visited and found
quite pretty and interesting. The
trip is well worth repeating. The
long strip of coast, the beautiful
seventeen mile drive and the mis
sions will bear several visits. Santa
Cruz is a summer resort of about
eight thousand inhabitants. It is
nicely located and a charming place
Which shall it be?
