# Czechoslovakia
## 
### 
Vienna, Austria (AP) â€”
The leader of the Czecho
slovak pop group "Plastic
People" and three other
people were jailed in
Prague in a crackdown on
underground music in
Czechoslovakia, emigre
sources said Saturday.
Police seized band leader
Ivan Jirous, 37, last Tuesday
and charged him with "dis
turbances of the public
peace," the sources said.
Also jailed were Frantisek
Starek, Milan Fric and M.
Hybek, alleged contributors

to the banned underground
cultural magazine Vokno,
the sources said.
The arrests were part of a
sweep that the sources said
included house searches in
Prague, Teplice and two
other cities. At least nine
people were taken into
custody, although most
were later released, the
sources said.
Jirous was arrested by
Czechoslovak authorities at
least twice before, in 1976
and 1978.
