# Adv. 15 Page 4
## 
### 
TENNIS
SALE
We are closing out many
models of Wilson, Holly
wood, Bancroft, Wright Cr
Ditson, and Dunlop. All
top-grade frames at great
ly reduced prices.
D. T. ISRAEL
260 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 5342
TENNIS
SALE
We are closing out many
models of Wilson, Holly
wood, Bancroft, Wright Cr
Ditson, and Dunlop. All
top-grade frames at great
ly reduced prices.
D. T. ISRAEL
260 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 5342
TENNIS
SALE
We are closing out many
models of Wilson, Holly
wood, Bancroft, Wright Cr
Ditson, and Dunlop. All
top-grade frames at great
ly reduced prices.
D. T. ISRAEL
260 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 5342
TENNIS
SALE
We are closing out many
models of Wilson, Holly
wood, Bancroft, Wright Cr
Ditson, and Dunlop. All
top-grade frames at great
ly reduced prices.
D. T. ISRAEL
260 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 5342
TENNIS
SALE
We are closing out many
models of Wilson, Holly
wood, Bancroft, Wright Cr
Ditson, and Dunlop. All
top-grade frames at great
ly reduced prices.
D. T. ISRAEL
260 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 5342
TENNIS
SALE
We are closing out many
models of Wilson, Holly
wood, Bancroft, Wright Cr
Ditson, and Dunlop. All
top-grade frames at great
ly reduced prices.
D. T. ISRAEL
260 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 5342
TENNIS
SALE
We are closing out many
models of Wilson, Holly
wood, Bancroft, Wright Cr
Ditson, and Dunlop. All
top-grade frames at great
ly reduced prices.
D. T. ISRAEL
260 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 5342
TENNIS
SALE
We are closing out many
models of Wilson, Holly
wood, Bancroft, Wright Cr
Ditson, and Dunlop. All
top-grade frames at great
ly reduced prices.
D. T. ISRAEL
260 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 5342
TENNIS
SALE
We are closing out many
models of Wilson, Holly
wood, Bancroft, Wright Cr
Ditson, and Dunlop. All
top-grade frames at great
ly reduced prices.
D. T. ISRAEL
260 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 5342
TENNIS
SALE
We are closing out many
models of Wilson, Holly
wood, Bancroft, Wright Cr
Ditson, and Dunlop. All
top-grade frames at great
ly reduced prices.
D. T. ISRAEL
260 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 5342
TENNIS
SALE
We are closing out many
models of Wilson, Holly
wood, Bancroft, Wright Cr
Ditson, and Dunlop. All
top-grade frames at great
ly reduced prices.
D. T. ISRAEL
260 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 5342
TENNIS
SALE
We are closing out many
models of Wilson, Holly
wood, Bancroft, Wright Cr
Ditson, and Dunlop. All
top-grade frames at great
ly reduced prices.
D. T. ISRAEL
260 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 5342
TENNIS
SALE
We are closing out many
models of Wilson, Holly
wood, Bancroft, Wright Cr
Ditson, and Dunlop. All
top-grade frames at great
ly reduced prices.
D. T. ISRAEL
260 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 5342
TENNIS
SALE
We are closing out many
models of Wilson, Holly
wood, Bancroft, Wright Cr
Ditson, and Dunlop. All
top-grade frames at great
ly reduced prices.
D. T. ISRAEL
260 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 5342
TENNIS
SALE
We are closing out many
models of Wilson, Holly
wood, Bancroft, Wright Cr
Ditson, and Dunlop. All
top-grade frames at great
ly reduced prices.
D. T. ISRAEL
260 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 5342
TENNIS
SALE
We are closing out many
models of Wilson, Holly
wood, Bancroft, Wright Cr
Ditson, and Dunlop. All
top-grade frames at great
ly reduced prices.
D. T. ISRAEL
260 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 5342
TENNIS
SALE
We are closing out many
models of Wilson, Holly
wood, Bancroft, Wright Cr
Ditson, and Dunlop. All
top-grade frames at great
ly reduced prices.
D. T. ISRAEL
260 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 5342
TENNIS
SALE
We are closing out many
models of Wilson, Holly
wood, Bancroft, Wright Cr
Ditson, and Dunlop. All
top-grade frames at great
ly reduced prices.
D. T. ISRAEL
260 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 5342
