# Russian Dictator
## 
### 

JOSEF STALIN, Russian dictator,
who became Premier of the Soviet
Union after the resignation' of
VyacheslafT M. MolotofT, who serv
ed hoth as Premier and Foreign
Commissar.

JOSEF STALIN, Russian dictator,
who became Premier of the Soviet
Union after the resignation' of
VyacheslafT M. MolotofT, who serv
ed hoth as Premier and Foreign
Commissar.

JOSEF STALIN, Russian dictator,
who became Premier of the Soviet
Union after the resignation' of
VyacheslafT M. MolotofT, who serv
ed hoth as Premier and Foreign
Commissar.

JOSEF STALIN, Russian dictator,
who became Premier of the Soviet
Union after the resignation' of
VyacheslafT M. MolotofT, who serv
ed hoth as Premier and Foreign
Commissar.

JOSEF STALIN, Russian dictator,
who became Premier of the Soviet
Union after the resignation' of
VyacheslafT M. MolotofT, who serv
ed hoth as Premier and Foreign
Commissar.

JOSEF STALIN, Russian dictator,
who became Premier of the Soviet
Union after the resignation' of
VyacheslafT M. MolotofT, who serv
ed hoth as Premier and Foreign
Commissar.

JOSEF STALIN, Russian dictator,
who became Premier of the Soviet
Union after the resignation' of
VyacheslafT M. MolotofT, who serv
ed hoth as Premier and Foreign
Commissar.

JOSEF STALIN, Russian dictator,
who became Premier of the Soviet
Union after the resignation' of
VyacheslafT M. MolotofT, who serv
ed hoth as Premier and Foreign
Commissar.

JOSEF STALIN, Russian dictator,
who became Premier of the Soviet
Union after the resignation' of
VyacheslafT M. MolotofT, who serv
ed hoth as Premier and Foreign
Commissar.

JOSEF STALIN, Russian dictator,
who became Premier of the Soviet
Union after the resignation' of
VyacheslafT M. MolotofT, who serv
ed hoth as Premier and Foreign
Commissar.

JOSEF STALIN, Russian dictator,
who became Premier of the Soviet
Union after the resignation' of
VyacheslafT M. MolotofT, who serv
ed hoth as Premier and Foreign
Commissar.

JOSEF STALIN, Russian dictator,
who became Premier of the Soviet
Union after the resignation' of
VyacheslafT M. MolotofT, who serv
ed hoth as Premier and Foreign
Commissar.

JOSEF STALIN, Russian dictator,
who became Premier of the Soviet
Union after the resignation' of
VyacheslafT M. MolotofT, who serv
ed hoth as Premier and Foreign
Commissar.

JOSEF STALIN, Russian dictator,
who became Premier of the Soviet
Union after the resignation' of
VyacheslafT M. MolotofT, who serv
ed hoth as Premier and Foreign
Commissar.

JOSEF STALIN, Russian dictator,
who became Premier of the Soviet
Union after the resignation' of
VyacheslafT M. MolotofT, who serv
ed hoth as Premier and Foreign
Commissar.

JOSEF STALIN, Russian dictator,
who became Premier of the Soviet
Union after the resignation' of
VyacheslafT M. MolotofT, who serv
ed hoth as Premier and Foreign
Commissar.

JOSEF STALIN, Russian dictator,
who became Premier of the Soviet
Union after the resignation' of
VyacheslafT M. MolotofT, who serv
ed hoth as Premier and Foreign
Commissar.

JOSEF STALIN, Russian dictator,
who became Premier of the Soviet
Union after the resignation' of
VyacheslafT M. MolotofT, who serv
ed hoth as Premier and Foreign
Commissar.
