# ALL SENIORS
## 
### 
All seniors are reminded that they
must sign the special senior scroll
which is in the A.S.S.U. office. Just
walk in and sign.
All seniors are reminded that they
must sign the special senior scroll
which is in the A.S.S.U. office. Just
walk in and sign.
All seniors are reminded that they
must sign the special senior scroll
which is in the A.S.S.U. office. Just
walk in and sign.
All seniors are reminded that they
must sign the special senior scroll
which is in the A.S.S.U. office. Just
walk in and sign.
All seniors are reminded that they
must sign the special senior scroll
which is in the A.S.S.U. office. Just
walk in and sign.
All seniors are reminded that they
must sign the special senior scroll
which is in the A.S.S.U. office. Just
walk in and sign.
All seniors are reminded that they
must sign the special senior scroll
which is in the A.S.S.U. office. Just
walk in and sign.
All seniors are reminded that they
must sign the special senior scroll
which is in the A.S.S.U. office. Just
walk in and sign.
All seniors are reminded that they
must sign the special senior scroll
which is in the A.S.S.U. office. Just
walk in and sign.
All seniors are reminded that they
must sign the special senior scroll
which is in the A.S.S.U. office. Just
walk in and sign.
All seniors are reminded that they
must sign the special senior scroll
which is in the A.S.S.U. office. Just
walk in and sign.
All seniors are reminded that they
must sign the special senior scroll
which is in the A.S.S.U. office. Just
walk in and sign.
All seniors are reminded that they
must sign the special senior scroll
which is in the A.S.S.U. office. Just
walk in and sign.
All seniors are reminded that they
must sign the special senior scroll
which is in the A.S.S.U. office. Just
walk in and sign.
All seniors are reminded that they
must sign the special senior scroll
which is in the A.S.S.U. office. Just
walk in and sign.
All seniors are reminded that they
must sign the special senior scroll
which is in the A.S.S.U. office. Just
walk in and sign.
All seniors are reminded that they
must sign the special senior scroll
which is in the A.S.S.U. office. Just
walk in and sign.
All seniors are reminded that they
must sign the special senior scroll
which is in the A.S.S.U. office. Just
walk in and sign.
