# SPEIDEL TO GET M.A.
## 
### 
Robert M. Speidel, a Stanford
alumnus, will receive his Master of
Arts degree from the Columbia Uni
versity Graduate School of Journal
ism on Juno 3.
Robert M. Speidel, a Stanford
alumnus, will receive his Master of
Arts degree from the Columbia Uni
versity Graduate School of Journal
ism on Juno 3.
Robert M. Speidel, a Stanford
alumnus, will receive his Master of
Arts degree from the Columbia Uni
versity Graduate School of Journal
ism on Juno 3.
Robert M. Speidel, a Stanford
alumnus, will receive his Master of
Arts degree from the Columbia Uni
versity Graduate School of Journal
ism on Juno 3.
Robert M. Speidel, a Stanford
alumnus, will receive his Master of
Arts degree from the Columbia Uni
versity Graduate School of Journal
ism on Juno 3.
Robert M. Speidel, a Stanford
alumnus, will receive his Master of
Arts degree from the Columbia Uni
versity Graduate School of Journal
ism on Juno 3.
Robert M. Speidel, a Stanford
alumnus, will receive his Master of
Arts degree from the Columbia Uni
versity Graduate School of Journal
ism on Juno 3.
Robert M. Speidel, a Stanford
alumnus, will receive his Master of
Arts degree from the Columbia Uni
versity Graduate School of Journal
ism on Juno 3.
Robert M. Speidel, a Stanford
alumnus, will receive his Master of
Arts degree from the Columbia Uni
versity Graduate School of Journal
ism on Juno 3.
Robert M. Speidel, a Stanford
alumnus, will receive his Master of
Arts degree from the Columbia Uni
versity Graduate School of Journal
ism on Juno 3.
Robert M. Speidel, a Stanford
alumnus, will receive his Master of
Arts degree from the Columbia Uni
versity Graduate School of Journal
ism on Juno 3.
Robert M. Speidel, a Stanford
alumnus, will receive his Master of
Arts degree from the Columbia Uni
versity Graduate School of Journal
ism on Juno 3.
Robert M. Speidel, a Stanford
alumnus, will receive his Master of
Arts degree from the Columbia Uni
versity Graduate School of Journal
ism on Juno 3.
Robert M. Speidel, a Stanford
alumnus, will receive his Master of
Arts degree from the Columbia Uni
versity Graduate School of Journal
ism on Juno 3.
Robert M. Speidel, a Stanford
alumnus, will receive his Master of
Arts degree from the Columbia Uni
versity Graduate School of Journal
ism on Juno 3.
Robert M. Speidel, a Stanford
alumnus, will receive his Master of
Arts degree from the Columbia Uni
versity Graduate School of Journal
ism on Juno 3.
Robert M. Speidel, a Stanford
alumnus, will receive his Master of
Arts degree from the Columbia Uni
versity Graduate School of Journal
ism on Juno 3.
Robert M. Speidel, a Stanford
alumnus, will receive his Master of
Arts degree from the Columbia Uni
versity Graduate School of Journal
ism on Juno 3.
