# Traphagen Hits 74 To Aid Frosh Win
## 
### 
Another golf squad toppled before
the smooth-swinging onslaught of
Stanford's freshman golfers, as Men
lo bowed to the Farm yearlings last
Saturday, 20V2-6V2.
George Traphagen, No. 1 man on
the frosh squad, led the way around
the course with a 74. Traphagen
blanked his opponent 3-0, and then
completed his perfect day by team
ing with Ed McCann to take another
3 points in doubles competition.
Another golf squad toppled before
the smooth-swinging onslaught of
Stanford's freshman golfers, as Men
lo bowed to the Farm yearlings last
Saturday, 20V2-6V2.
George Traphagen, No. 1 man on
the frosh squad, led the way around
the course with a 74. Traphagen
blanked his opponent 3-0, and then
completed his perfect day by team
ing with Ed McCann to take another
3 points in doubles competition.
Another golf squad toppled before
the smooth-swinging onslaught of
Stanford's freshman golfers, as Men
lo bowed to the Farm yearlings last
Saturday, 20V2-6V2.
George Traphagen, No. 1 man on
the frosh squad, led the way around
the course with a 74. Traphagen
blanked his opponent 3-0, and then
completed his perfect day by team
ing with Ed McCann to take another
3 points in doubles competition.
Another golf squad toppled before
the smooth-swinging onslaught of
Stanford's freshman golfers, as Men
lo bowed to the Farm yearlings last
Saturday, 20V2-6V2.
George Traphagen, No. 1 man on
the frosh squad, led the way around
the course with a 74. Traphagen
blanked his opponent 3-0, and then
completed his perfect day by team
ing with Ed McCann to take another
3 points in doubles competition.
Another golf squad toppled before
the smooth-swinging onslaught of
Stanford's freshman golfers, as Men
lo bowed to the Farm yearlings last
Saturday, 20V2-6V2.
George Traphagen, No. 1 man on
the frosh squad, led the way around
the course with a 74. Traphagen
blanked his opponent 3-0, and then
completed his perfect day by team
ing with Ed McCann to take another
3 points in doubles competition.
Another golf squad toppled before
the smooth-swinging onslaught of
Stanford's freshman golfers, as Men
lo bowed to the Farm yearlings last
Saturday, 20V2-6V2.
George Traphagen, No. 1 man on
the frosh squad, led the way around
the course with a 74. Traphagen
blanked his opponent 3-0, and then
completed his perfect day by team
ing with Ed McCann to take another
3 points in doubles competition.
Another golf squad toppled before
the smooth-swinging onslaught of
Stanford's freshman golfers, as Men
lo bowed to the Farm yearlings last
Saturday, 20V2-6V2.
George Traphagen, No. 1 man on
the frosh squad, led the way around
the course with a 74. Traphagen
blanked his opponent 3-0, and then
completed his perfect day by team
ing with Ed McCann to take another
3 points in doubles competition.
Another golf squad toppled before
the smooth-swinging onslaught of
Stanford's freshman golfers, as Men
lo bowed to the Farm yearlings last
Saturday, 20V2-6V2.
George Traphagen, No. 1 man on
the frosh squad, led the way around
the course with a 74. Traphagen
blanked his opponent 3-0, and then
completed his perfect day by team
ing with Ed McCann to take another
3 points in doubles competition.
Another golf squad toppled before
the smooth-swinging onslaught of
Stanford's freshman golfers, as Men
lo bowed to the Farm yearlings last
Saturday, 20V2-6V2.
George Traphagen, No. 1 man on
the frosh squad, led the way around
the course with a 74. Traphagen
blanked his opponent 3-0, and then
completed his perfect day by team
ing with Ed McCann to take another
3 points in doubles competition.
Another golf squad toppled before
the smooth-swinging onslaught of
Stanford's freshman golfers, as Men
lo bowed to the Farm yearlings last
Saturday, 20V2-6V2.
George Traphagen, No. 1 man on
the frosh squad, led the way around
the course with a 74. Traphagen
blanked his opponent 3-0, and then
completed his perfect day by team
ing with Ed McCann to take another
3 points in doubles competition.
Another golf squad toppled before
the smooth-swinging onslaught of
Stanford's freshman golfers, as Men
lo bowed to the Farm yearlings last
Saturday, 20V2-6V2.
George Traphagen, No. 1 man on
the frosh squad, led the way around
the course with a 74. Traphagen
blanked his opponent 3-0, and then
completed his perfect day by team
ing with Ed McCann to take another
3 points in doubles competition.
Another golf squad toppled before
the smooth-swinging onslaught of
Stanford's freshman golfers, as Men
lo bowed to the Farm yearlings last
Saturday, 20V2-6V2.
George Traphagen, No. 1 man on
the frosh squad, led the way around
the course with a 74. Traphagen
blanked his opponent 3-0, and then
completed his perfect day by team
ing with Ed McCann to take another
3 points in doubles competition.
Another golf squad toppled before
the smooth-swinging onslaught of
Stanford's freshman golfers, as Men
lo bowed to the Farm yearlings last
Saturday, 20V2-6V2.
George Traphagen, No. 1 man on
the frosh squad, led the way around
the course with a 74. Traphagen
blanked his opponent 3-0, and then
completed his perfect day by team
ing with Ed McCann to take another
3 points in doubles competition.
Another golf squad toppled before
the smooth-swinging onslaught of
Stanford's freshman golfers, as Men
lo bowed to the Farm yearlings last
Saturday, 20V2-6V2.
George Traphagen, No. 1 man on
the frosh squad, led the way around
the course with a 74. Traphagen
blanked his opponent 3-0, and then
completed his perfect day by team
ing with Ed McCann to take another
3 points in doubles competition.
Another golf squad toppled before
the smooth-swinging onslaught of
Stanford's freshman golfers, as Men
lo bowed to the Farm yearlings last
Saturday, 20V2-6V2.
George Traphagen, No. 1 man on
the frosh squad, led the way around
the course with a 74. Traphagen
blanked his opponent 3-0, and then
completed his perfect day by team
ing with Ed McCann to take another
3 points in doubles competition.
Another golf squad toppled before
the smooth-swinging onslaught of
Stanford's freshman golfers, as Men
lo bowed to the Farm yearlings last
Saturday, 20V2-6V2.
George Traphagen, No. 1 man on
the frosh squad, led the way around
the course with a 74. Traphagen
blanked his opponent 3-0, and then
completed his perfect day by team
ing with Ed McCann to take another
3 points in doubles competition.
Another golf squad toppled before
the smooth-swinging onslaught of
Stanford's freshman golfers, as Men
lo bowed to the Farm yearlings last
Saturday, 20V2-6V2.
George Traphagen, No. 1 man on
the frosh squad, led the way around
the course with a 74. Traphagen
blanked his opponent 3-0, and then
completed his perfect day by team
ing with Ed McCann to take another
3 points in doubles competition.
Another golf squad toppled before
the smooth-swinging onslaught of
Stanford's freshman golfers, as Men
lo bowed to the Farm yearlings last
Saturday, 20V2-6V2.
George Traphagen, No. 1 man on
the frosh squad, led the way around
the course with a 74. Traphagen
blanked his opponent 3-0, and then
completed his perfect day by team
ing with Ed McCann to take another
3 points in doubles competition.
