# Aviation Experts Accept H.H. Dievendorff, '17
## 
### 
Morton H. Dievendorff '17, Stan
ford's quarter-miler, has been grant
ed admission to the aviation section
of the signal corps by successfully
passing the physical examination. Me
will become an aviation pilot, with
the hope of gaining a commission
later.
Dievendorff has gone to his home in
San Diego for a short visit with his
parents before he receives the gov
ernment's call to report to the avia
tion school at- the University of Cali
fornia for his preliminary instruc
tions. Dievendorff is 23 years of age
and is a member of Kappa Alpha fra
ternity.
Morton H. Dievendorff '17, Stan
ford's quarter-miler, has been grant
ed admission to the aviation section
of the signal corps by successfully
passing the physical examination. Me
will become an aviation pilot, with
the hope of gaining a commission
later.
Dievendorff has gone to his home in
San Diego for a short visit with his
parents before he receives the gov
ernment's call to report to the avia
tion school at- the University of Cali
fornia for his preliminary instruc
tions. Dievendorff is 23 years of age
and is a member of Kappa Alpha fra
ternity.
Morton H. Dievendorff '17, Stan
ford's quarter-miler, has been grant
ed admission to the aviation section
of the signal corps by successfully
passing the physical examination. Me
will become an aviation pilot, with
the hope of gaining a commission
later.
Dievendorff has gone to his home in
San Diego for a short visit with his
parents before he receives the gov
ernment's call to report to the avia
tion school at- the University of Cali
fornia for his preliminary instruc
tions. Dievendorff is 23 years of age
and is a member of Kappa Alpha fra
ternity.
Morton H. Dievendorff '17, Stan
ford's quarter-miler, has been grant
ed admission to the aviation section
of the signal corps by successfully
passing the physical examination. Me
will become an aviation pilot, with
the hope of gaining a commission
later.
Dievendorff has gone to his home in
San Diego for a short visit with his
parents before he receives the gov
ernment's call to report to the avia
tion school at- the University of Cali
fornia for his preliminary instruc
tions. Dievendorff is 23 years of age
and is a member of Kappa Alpha fra
ternity.
Morton H. Dievendorff '17, Stan
ford's quarter-miler, has been grant
ed admission to the aviation section
of the signal corps by successfully
passing the physical examination. Me
will become an aviation pilot, with
the hope of gaining a commission
later.
Dievendorff has gone to his home in
San Diego for a short visit with his
parents before he receives the gov
ernment's call to report to the avia
tion school at- the University of Cali
fornia for his preliminary instruc
tions. Dievendorff is 23 years of age
and is a member of Kappa Alpha fra
ternity.
Morton H. Dievendorff '17, Stan
ford's quarter-miler, has been grant
ed admission to the aviation section
of the signal corps by successfully
passing the physical examination. Me
will become an aviation pilot, with
the hope of gaining a commission
later.
Dievendorff has gone to his home in
San Diego for a short visit with his
parents before he receives the gov
ernment's call to report to the avia
tion school at- the University of Cali
fornia for his preliminary instruc
tions. Dievendorff is 23 years of age
and is a member of Kappa Alpha fra
ternity.
Morton H. Dievendorff '17, Stan
ford's quarter-miler, has been grant
ed admission to the aviation section
of the signal corps by successfully
passing the physical examination. Me
will become an aviation pilot, with
the hope of gaining a commission
later.
Dievendorff has gone to his home in
San Diego for a short visit with his
parents before he receives the gov
ernment's call to report to the avia
tion school at- the University of Cali
fornia for his preliminary instruc
tions. Dievendorff is 23 years of age
and is a member of Kappa Alpha fra
ternity.
Morton H. Dievendorff '17, Stan
ford's quarter-miler, has been grant
ed admission to the aviation section
of the signal corps by successfully
passing the physical examination. Me
will become an aviation pilot, with
the hope of gaining a commission
later.
Dievendorff has gone to his home in
San Diego for a short visit with his
parents before he receives the gov
ernment's call to report to the avia
tion school at- the University of Cali
fornia for his preliminary instruc
tions. Dievendorff is 23 years of age
and is a member of Kappa Alpha fra
ternity.
Morton H. Dievendorff '17, Stan
ford's quarter-miler, has been grant
ed admission to the aviation section
of the signal corps by successfully
passing the physical examination. Me
will become an aviation pilot, with
the hope of gaining a commission
later.
Dievendorff has gone to his home in
San Diego for a short visit with his
parents before he receives the gov
ernment's call to report to the avia
tion school at- the University of Cali
fornia for his preliminary instruc
tions. Dievendorff is 23 years of age
and is a member of Kappa Alpha fra
ternity.
Morton H. Dievendorff '17, Stan
ford's quarter-miler, has been grant
ed admission to the aviation section
of the signal corps by successfully
passing the physical examination. Me
will become an aviation pilot, with
the hope of gaining a commission
later.
Dievendorff has gone to his home in
San Diego for a short visit with his
parents before he receives the gov
ernment's call to report to the avia
tion school at- the University of Cali
fornia for his preliminary instruc
tions. Dievendorff is 23 years of age
and is a member of Kappa Alpha fra
ternity.
Morton H. Dievendorff '17, Stan
ford's quarter-miler, has been grant
ed admission to the aviation section
of the signal corps by successfully
passing the physical examination. Me
will become an aviation pilot, with
the hope of gaining a commission
later.
Dievendorff has gone to his home in
San Diego for a short visit with his
parents before he receives the gov
ernment's call to report to the avia
tion school at- the University of Cali
fornia for his preliminary instruc
tions. Dievendorff is 23 years of age
and is a member of Kappa Alpha fra
ternity.
Morton H. Dievendorff '17, Stan
ford's quarter-miler, has been grant
ed admission to the aviation section
of the signal corps by successfully
passing the physical examination. Me
will become an aviation pilot, with
the hope of gaining a commission
later.
Dievendorff has gone to his home in
San Diego for a short visit with his
parents before he receives the gov
ernment's call to report to the avia
tion school at- the University of Cali
fornia for his preliminary instruc
tions. Dievendorff is 23 years of age
and is a member of Kappa Alpha fra
ternity.
Morton H. Dievendorff '17, Stan
ford's quarter-miler, has been grant
ed admission to the aviation section
of the signal corps by successfully
passing the physical examination. Me
will become an aviation pilot, with
the hope of gaining a commission
later.
Dievendorff has gone to his home in
San Diego for a short visit with his
parents before he receives the gov
ernment's call to report to the avia
tion school at- the University of Cali
fornia for his preliminary instruc
tions. Dievendorff is 23 years of age
and is a member of Kappa Alpha fra
ternity.
Morton H. Dievendorff '17, Stan
ford's quarter-miler, has been grant
ed admission to the aviation section
of the signal corps by successfully
passing the physical examination. Me
will become an aviation pilot, with
the hope of gaining a commission
later.
Dievendorff has gone to his home in
San Diego for a short visit with his
parents before he receives the gov
ernment's call to report to the avia
tion school at- the University of Cali
fornia for his preliminary instruc
tions. Dievendorff is 23 years of age
and is a member of Kappa Alpha fra
ternity.
Morton H. Dievendorff '17, Stan
ford's quarter-miler, has been grant
ed admission to the aviation section
of the signal corps by successfully
passing the physical examination. Me
will become an aviation pilot, with
the hope of gaining a commission
later.
Dievendorff has gone to his home in
San Diego for a short visit with his
parents before he receives the gov
ernment's call to report to the avia
tion school at- the University of Cali
fornia for his preliminary instruc
tions. Dievendorff is 23 years of age
and is a member of Kappa Alpha fra
ternity.
