# Y.M. Convention Is at Asilomar Christmas Time
## 
### 
Hope for a liberal representation of
Stanford men at the annual Y. M. C. A.
conference at Asilomar during the
Christmas vacation are held by the lo
cal association, the conference com
mittee of which, meets tonight under
the chairmanship of G. R. Linn '19 to
discuss plans for the sending of dele
gates. An endeavor will be made to
secure at least thirty tSanford men to
attend this conference, which will be
held from December 26 to January 2.
Representatives of all the colleges
in California and Arizona will be pres
ent, arid the purpose of the conference
will be to train leaders in Y. M. C. A.
work, and to bring the associations of
the different colleges closer together.
Mornings will be given over to meet
ings, lectures, and discussions during
the week at Asilomar, and afternoons
will be occupied with athletics and
recreation. The total expenses for
delegates will be $19, including board,
room, fees and carfare.
Hope for a liberal representation of
Stanford men at the annual Y. M. C. A.
conference at Asilomar during the
Christmas vacation are held by the lo
cal association, the conference com
mittee of which, meets tonight under
the chairmanship of G. R. Linn '19 to
discuss plans for the sending of dele
gates. An endeavor will be made to
secure at least thirty tSanford men to
attend this conference, which will be
held from December 26 to January 2.
Representatives of all the colleges
in California and Arizona will be pres
ent, arid the purpose of the conference
will be to train leaders in Y. M. C. A.
work, and to bring the associations of
the different colleges closer together.
Mornings will be given over to meet
ings, lectures, and discussions during
the week at Asilomar, and afternoons
will be occupied with athletics and
recreation. The total expenses for
delegates will be $19, including board,
room, fees and carfare.
Hope for a liberal representation of
Stanford men at the annual Y. M. C. A.
conference at Asilomar during the
Christmas vacation are held by the lo
cal association, the conference com
mittee of which, meets tonight under
the chairmanship of G. R. Linn '19 to
discuss plans for the sending of dele
gates. An endeavor will be made to
secure at least thirty tSanford men to
attend this conference, which will be
held from December 26 to January 2.
Representatives of all the colleges
in California and Arizona will be pres
ent, arid the purpose of the conference
will be to train leaders in Y. M. C. A.
work, and to bring the associations of
the different colleges closer together.
Mornings will be given over to meet
ings, lectures, and discussions during
the week at Asilomar, and afternoons
will be occupied with athletics and
recreation. The total expenses for
delegates will be $19, including board,
room, fees and carfare.
Hope for a liberal representation of
Stanford men at the annual Y. M. C. A.
conference at Asilomar during the
Christmas vacation are held by the lo
cal association, the conference com
mittee of which, meets tonight under
the chairmanship of G. R. Linn '19 to
discuss plans for the sending of dele
gates. An endeavor will be made to
secure at least thirty tSanford men to
attend this conference, which will be
held from December 26 to January 2.
Representatives of all the colleges
in California and Arizona will be pres
ent, arid the purpose of the conference
will be to train leaders in Y. M. C. A.
work, and to bring the associations of
the different colleges closer together.
Mornings will be given over to meet
ings, lectures, and discussions during
the week at Asilomar, and afternoons
will be occupied with athletics and
recreation. The total expenses for
delegates will be $19, including board,
room, fees and carfare.
Hope for a liberal representation of
Stanford men at the annual Y. M. C. A.
conference at Asilomar during the
Christmas vacation are held by the lo
cal association, the conference com
mittee of which, meets tonight under
the chairmanship of G. R. Linn '19 to
discuss plans for the sending of dele
gates. An endeavor will be made to
secure at least thirty tSanford men to
attend this conference, which will be
held from December 26 to January 2.
Representatives of all the colleges
in California and Arizona will be pres
ent, arid the purpose of the conference
will be to train leaders in Y. M. C. A.
work, and to bring the associations of
the different colleges closer together.
Mornings will be given over to meet
ings, lectures, and discussions during
the week at Asilomar, and afternoons
will be occupied with athletics and
recreation. The total expenses for
delegates will be $19, including board,
room, fees and carfare.
Hope for a liberal representation of
Stanford men at the annual Y. M. C. A.
conference at Asilomar during the
Christmas vacation are held by the lo
cal association, the conference com
mittee of which, meets tonight under
the chairmanship of G. R. Linn '19 to
discuss plans for the sending of dele
gates. An endeavor will be made to
secure at least thirty tSanford men to
attend this conference, which will be
held from December 26 to January 2.
Representatives of all the colleges
in California and Arizona will be pres
ent, arid the purpose of the conference
will be to train leaders in Y. M. C. A.
work, and to bring the associations of
the different colleges closer together.
Mornings will be given over to meet
ings, lectures, and discussions during
the week at Asilomar, and afternoons
will be occupied with athletics and
recreation. The total expenses for
delegates will be $19, including board,
room, fees and carfare.
Hope for a liberal representation of
Stanford men at the annual Y. M. C. A.
conference at Asilomar during the
Christmas vacation are held by the lo
cal association, the conference com
mittee of which, meets tonight under
the chairmanship of G. R. Linn '19 to
discuss plans for the sending of dele
gates. An endeavor will be made to
secure at least thirty tSanford men to
attend this conference, which will be
held from December 26 to January 2.
Representatives of all the colleges
in California and Arizona will be pres
ent, arid the purpose of the conference
will be to train leaders in Y. M. C. A.
work, and to bring the associations of
the different colleges closer together.
Mornings will be given over to meet
ings, lectures, and discussions during
the week at Asilomar, and afternoons
will be occupied with athletics and
recreation. The total expenses for
delegates will be $19, including board,
room, fees and carfare.
Hope for a liberal representation of
Stanford men at the annual Y. M. C. A.
conference at Asilomar during the
Christmas vacation are held by the lo
cal association, the conference com
mittee of which, meets tonight under
the chairmanship of G. R. Linn '19 to
discuss plans for the sending of dele
gates. An endeavor will be made to
secure at least thirty tSanford men to
attend this conference, which will be
held from December 26 to January 2.
Representatives of all the colleges
in California and Arizona will be pres
ent, arid the purpose of the conference
will be to train leaders in Y. M. C. A.
work, and to bring the associations of
the different colleges closer together.
Mornings will be given over to meet
ings, lectures, and discussions during
the week at Asilomar, and afternoons
will be occupied with athletics and
recreation. The total expenses for
delegates will be $19, including board,
room, fees and carfare.
Hope for a liberal representation of
Stanford men at the annual Y. M. C. A.
conference at Asilomar during the
Christmas vacation are held by the lo
cal association, the conference com
mittee of which, meets tonight under
the chairmanship of G. R. Linn '19 to
discuss plans for the sending of dele
gates. An endeavor will be made to
secure at least thirty tSanford men to
attend this conference, which will be
held from December 26 to January 2.
Representatives of all the colleges
in California and Arizona will be pres
ent, arid the purpose of the conference
will be to train leaders in Y. M. C. A.
work, and to bring the associations of
the different colleges closer together.
Mornings will be given over to meet
ings, lectures, and discussions during
the week at Asilomar, and afternoons
will be occupied with athletics and
recreation. The total expenses for
delegates will be $19, including board,
room, fees and carfare.
Hope for a liberal representation of
Stanford men at the annual Y. M. C. A.
conference at Asilomar during the
Christmas vacation are held by the lo
cal association, the conference com
mittee of which, meets tonight under
the chairmanship of G. R. Linn '19 to
discuss plans for the sending of dele
gates. An endeavor will be made to
secure at least thirty tSanford men to
attend this conference, which will be
held from December 26 to January 2.
Representatives of all the colleges
in California and Arizona will be pres
ent, arid the purpose of the conference
will be to train leaders in Y. M. C. A.
work, and to bring the associations of
the different colleges closer together.
Mornings will be given over to meet
ings, lectures, and discussions during
the week at Asilomar, and afternoons
will be occupied with athletics and
recreation. The total expenses for
delegates will be $19, including board,
room, fees and carfare.
Hope for a liberal representation of
Stanford men at the annual Y. M. C. A.
conference at Asilomar during the
Christmas vacation are held by the lo
cal association, the conference com
mittee of which, meets tonight under
the chairmanship of G. R. Linn '19 to
discuss plans for the sending of dele
gates. An endeavor will be made to
secure at least thirty tSanford men to
attend this conference, which will be
held from December 26 to January 2.
Representatives of all the colleges
in California and Arizona will be pres
ent, arid the purpose of the conference
will be to train leaders in Y. M. C. A.
work, and to bring the associations of
the different colleges closer together.
Mornings will be given over to meet
ings, lectures, and discussions during
the week at Asilomar, and afternoons
will be occupied with athletics and
recreation. The total expenses for
delegates will be $19, including board,
room, fees and carfare.
Hope for a liberal representation of
Stanford men at the annual Y. M. C. A.
conference at Asilomar during the
Christmas vacation are held by the lo
cal association, the conference com
mittee of which, meets tonight under
the chairmanship of G. R. Linn '19 to
discuss plans for the sending of dele
gates. An endeavor will be made to
secure at least thirty tSanford men to
attend this conference, which will be
held from December 26 to January 2.
Representatives of all the colleges
in California and Arizona will be pres
ent, arid the purpose of the conference
will be to train leaders in Y. M. C. A.
work, and to bring the associations of
the different colleges closer together.
Mornings will be given over to meet
ings, lectures, and discussions during
the week at Asilomar, and afternoons
will be occupied with athletics and
recreation. The total expenses for
delegates will be $19, including board,
room, fees and carfare.
Hope for a liberal representation of
Stanford men at the annual Y. M. C. A.
conference at Asilomar during the
Christmas vacation are held by the lo
cal association, the conference com
mittee of which, meets tonight under
the chairmanship of G. R. Linn '19 to
discuss plans for the sending of dele
gates. An endeavor will be made to
secure at least thirty tSanford men to
attend this conference, which will be
held from December 26 to January 2.
Representatives of all the colleges
in California and Arizona will be pres
ent, arid the purpose of the conference
will be to train leaders in Y. M. C. A.
work, and to bring the associations of
the different colleges closer together.
Mornings will be given over to meet
ings, lectures, and discussions during
the week at Asilomar, and afternoons
will be occupied with athletics and
recreation. The total expenses for
delegates will be $19, including board,
room, fees and carfare.
Hope for a liberal representation of
Stanford men at the annual Y. M. C. A.
conference at Asilomar during the
Christmas vacation are held by the lo
cal association, the conference com
mittee of which, meets tonight under
the chairmanship of G. R. Linn '19 to
discuss plans for the sending of dele
gates. An endeavor will be made to
secure at least thirty tSanford men to
attend this conference, which will be
held from December 26 to January 2.
Representatives of all the colleges
in California and Arizona will be pres
ent, arid the purpose of the conference
will be to train leaders in Y. M. C. A.
work, and to bring the associations of
the different colleges closer together.
Mornings will be given over to meet
ings, lectures, and discussions during
the week at Asilomar, and afternoons
will be occupied with athletics and
recreation. The total expenses for
delegates will be $19, including board,
room, fees and carfare.
Hope for a liberal representation of
Stanford men at the annual Y. M. C. A.
conference at Asilomar during the
Christmas vacation are held by the lo
cal association, the conference com
mittee of which, meets tonight under
the chairmanship of G. R. Linn '19 to
discuss plans for the sending of dele
gates. An endeavor will be made to
secure at least thirty tSanford men to
attend this conference, which will be
held from December 26 to January 2.
Representatives of all the colleges
in California and Arizona will be pres
ent, arid the purpose of the conference
will be to train leaders in Y. M. C. A.
work, and to bring the associations of
the different colleges closer together.
Mornings will be given over to meet
ings, lectures, and discussions during
the week at Asilomar, and afternoons
will be occupied with athletics and
recreation. The total expenses for
delegates will be $19, including board,
room, fees and carfare.
