# U.S. ORDNANCE POSITIONS OPEN
## 
### 
According to letters received at the
Registrar's office from the Intercol
legiate Intelligence Bureau, four Civil
Service positions connected with the
Ordnance Department of the United
States service have been thrown open
to applicants who prove their ability
I to the positions through the Civil
Service competitive examinations.
A mechanical draftsman, a schedule
clerk, an index and catalogue clerk,
and a statistician are wanted by the
government. Men interested in this
branch of the service may receive ad

ditional information and application
blanks at t!ie Registrar's Oflice.
The aviation service is receiving
between sixty and seventy applica
tions a week in the non-flying di
vision. However, the government is
accepting only two per week in this
branch, according to information sent
the Registrar from the War Depart
ment. As the government is especial
ly desirous of having more men in the
flying and balloon divisions of the
aviation service, those who apply in
tbese six departments stand a'greater
chance of having their applications
accepted.
According to letters received at the
Registrar's office from the Intercol
legiate Intelligence Bureau, four Civil
Service positions connected with the
Ordnance Department of the United
States service have been thrown open
to applicants who prove their ability
I to the positions through the Civil
Service competitive examinations.
A mechanical draftsman, a schedule
clerk, an index and catalogue clerk,
and a statistician are wanted by the
government. Men interested in this
branch of the service may receive ad

ditional information and application
blanks at t!ie Registrar's Oflice.
The aviation service is receiving
between sixty and seventy applica
tions a week in the non-flying di
vision. However, the government is
accepting only two per week in this
branch, according to information sent
the Registrar from the War Depart
ment. As the government is especial
ly desirous of having more men in the
flying and balloon divisions of the
aviation service, those who apply in
tbese six departments stand a'greater
chance of having their applications
accepted.
According to letters received at the
Registrar's office from the Intercol
legiate Intelligence Bureau, four Civil
Service positions connected with the
Ordnance Department of the United
States service have been thrown open
to applicants who prove their ability
I to the positions through the Civil
Service competitive examinations.
A mechanical draftsman, a schedule
clerk, an index and catalogue clerk,
and a statistician are wanted by the
government. Men interested in this
branch of the service may receive ad

ditional information and application
blanks at t!ie Registrar's Oflice.
The aviation service is receiving
between sixty and seventy applica
tions a week in the non-flying di
vision. However, the government is
accepting only two per week in this
branch, according to information sent
the Registrar from the War Depart
ment. As the government is especial
ly desirous of having more men in the
flying and balloon divisions of the
aviation service, those who apply in
tbese six departments stand a'greater
chance of having their applications
accepted.
According to letters received at the
Registrar's office from the Intercol
legiate Intelligence Bureau, four Civil
Service positions connected with the
Ordnance Department of the United
States service have been thrown open
to applicants who prove their ability
I to the positions through the Civil
Service competitive examinations.
A mechanical draftsman, a schedule
clerk, an index and catalogue clerk,
and a statistician are wanted by the
government. Men interested in this
branch of the service may receive ad

ditional information and application
blanks at t!ie Registrar's Oflice.
The aviation service is receiving
between sixty and seventy applica
tions a week in the non-flying di
vision. However, the government is
accepting only two per week in this
branch, according to information sent
the Registrar from the War Depart
ment. As the government is especial
ly desirous of having more men in the
flying and balloon divisions of the
aviation service, those who apply in
tbese six departments stand a'greater
chance of having their applications
accepted.
According to letters received at the
Registrar's office from the Intercol
legiate Intelligence Bureau, four Civil
Service positions connected with the
Ordnance Department of the United
States service have been thrown open
to applicants who prove their ability
I to the positions through the Civil
Service competitive examinations.
A mechanical draftsman, a schedule
clerk, an index and catalogue clerk,
and a statistician are wanted by the
government. Men interested in this
branch of the service may receive ad

ditional information and application
blanks at t!ie Registrar's Oflice.
The aviation service is receiving
between sixty and seventy applica
tions a week in the non-flying di
vision. However, the government is
accepting only two per week in this
branch, according to information sent
the Registrar from the War Depart
ment. As the government is especial
ly desirous of having more men in the
flying and balloon divisions of the
aviation service, those who apply in
tbese six departments stand a'greater
chance of having their applications
accepted.
According to letters received at the
Registrar's office from the Intercol
legiate Intelligence Bureau, four Civil
Service positions connected with the
Ordnance Department of the United
States service have been thrown open
to applicants who prove their ability
I to the positions through the Civil
Service competitive examinations.
A mechanical draftsman, a schedule
clerk, an index and catalogue clerk,
and a statistician are wanted by the
government. Men interested in this
branch of the service may receive ad

ditional information and application
blanks at t!ie Registrar's Oflice.
The aviation service is receiving
between sixty and seventy applica
tions a week in the non-flying di
vision. However, the government is
accepting only two per week in this
branch, according to information sent
the Registrar from the War Depart
ment. As the government is especial
ly desirous of having more men in the
flying and balloon divisions of the
aviation service, those who apply in
tbese six departments stand a'greater
chance of having their applications
accepted.
According to letters received at the
Registrar's office from the Intercol
legiate Intelligence Bureau, four Civil
Service positions connected with the
Ordnance Department of the United
States service have been thrown open
to applicants who prove their ability
I to the positions through the Civil
Service competitive examinations.
A mechanical draftsman, a schedule
clerk, an index and catalogue clerk,
and a statistician are wanted by the
government. Men interested in this
branch of the service may receive ad

ditional information and application
blanks at t!ie Registrar's Oflice.
The aviation service is receiving
between sixty and seventy applica
tions a week in the non-flying di
vision. However, the government is
accepting only two per week in this
branch, according to information sent
the Registrar from the War Depart
ment. As the government is especial
ly desirous of having more men in the
flying and balloon divisions of the
aviation service, those who apply in
tbese six departments stand a'greater
chance of having their applications
accepted.
According to letters received at the
Registrar's office from the Intercol
legiate Intelligence Bureau, four Civil
Service positions connected with the
Ordnance Department of the United
States service have been thrown open
to applicants who prove their ability
I to the positions through the Civil
Service competitive examinations.
A mechanical draftsman, a schedule
clerk, an index and catalogue clerk,
and a statistician are wanted by the
government. Men interested in this
branch of the service may receive ad

ditional information and application
blanks at t!ie Registrar's Oflice.
The aviation service is receiving
between sixty and seventy applica
tions a week in the non-flying di
vision. However, the government is
accepting only two per week in this
branch, according to information sent
the Registrar from the War Depart
ment. As the government is especial
ly desirous of having more men in the
flying and balloon divisions of the
aviation service, those who apply in
tbese six departments stand a'greater
chance of having their applications
accepted.
According to letters received at the
Registrar's office from the Intercol
legiate Intelligence Bureau, four Civil
Service positions connected with the
Ordnance Department of the United
States service have been thrown open
to applicants who prove their ability
I to the positions through the Civil
Service competitive examinations.
A mechanical draftsman, a schedule
clerk, an index and catalogue clerk,
and a statistician are wanted by the
government. Men interested in this
branch of the service may receive ad

ditional information and application
blanks at t!ie Registrar's Oflice.
The aviation service is receiving
between sixty and seventy applica
tions a week in the non-flying di
vision. However, the government is
accepting only two per week in this
branch, according to information sent
the Registrar from the War Depart
ment. As the government is especial
ly desirous of having more men in the
flying and balloon divisions of the
aviation service, those who apply in
tbese six departments stand a'greater
chance of having their applications
accepted.
According to letters received at the
Registrar's office from the Intercol
legiate Intelligence Bureau, four Civil
Service positions connected with the
Ordnance Department of the United
States service have been thrown open
to applicants who prove their ability
I to the positions through the Civil
Service competitive examinations.
A mechanical draftsman, a schedule
clerk, an index and catalogue clerk,
and a statistician are wanted by the
government. Men interested in this
branch of the service may receive ad

ditional information and application
blanks at t!ie Registrar's Oflice.
The aviation service is receiving
between sixty and seventy applica
tions a week in the non-flying di
vision. However, the government is
accepting only two per week in this
branch, according to information sent
the Registrar from the War Depart
ment. As the government is especial
ly desirous of having more men in the
flying and balloon divisions of the
aviation service, those who apply in
tbese six departments stand a'greater
chance of having their applications
accepted.
According to letters received at the
Registrar's office from the Intercol
legiate Intelligence Bureau, four Civil
Service positions connected with the
Ordnance Department of the United
States service have been thrown open
to applicants who prove their ability
I to the positions through the Civil
Service competitive examinations.
A mechanical draftsman, a schedule
clerk, an index and catalogue clerk,
and a statistician are wanted by the
government. Men interested in this
branch of the service may receive ad

ditional information and application
blanks at t!ie Registrar's Oflice.
The aviation service is receiving
between sixty and seventy applica
tions a week in the non-flying di
vision. However, the government is
accepting only two per week in this
branch, according to information sent
the Registrar from the War Depart
ment. As the government is especial
ly desirous of having more men in the
flying and balloon divisions of the
aviation service, those who apply in
tbese six departments stand a'greater
chance of having their applications
accepted.
According to letters received at the
Registrar's office from the Intercol
legiate Intelligence Bureau, four Civil
Service positions connected with the
Ordnance Department of the United
States service have been thrown open
to applicants who prove their ability
I to the positions through the Civil
Service competitive examinations.
A mechanical draftsman, a schedule
clerk, an index and catalogue clerk,
and a statistician are wanted by the
government. Men interested in this
branch of the service may receive ad

ditional information and application
blanks at t!ie Registrar's Oflice.
The aviation service is receiving
between sixty and seventy applica
tions a week in the non-flying di
vision. However, the government is
accepting only two per week in this
branch, according to information sent
the Registrar from the War Depart
ment. As the government is especial
ly desirous of having more men in the
flying and balloon divisions of the
aviation service, those who apply in
tbese six departments stand a'greater
chance of having their applications
accepted.
According to letters received at the
Registrar's office from the Intercol
legiate Intelligence Bureau, four Civil
Service positions connected with the
Ordnance Department of the United
States service have been thrown open
to applicants who prove their ability
I to the positions through the Civil
Service competitive examinations.
A mechanical draftsman, a schedule
clerk, an index and catalogue clerk,
and a statistician are wanted by the
government. Men interested in this
branch of the service may receive ad

ditional information and application
blanks at t!ie Registrar's Oflice.
The aviation service is receiving
between sixty and seventy applica
tions a week in the non-flying di
vision. However, the government is
accepting only two per week in this
branch, according to information sent
the Registrar from the War Depart
ment. As the government is especial
ly desirous of having more men in the
flying and balloon divisions of the
aviation service, those who apply in
tbese six departments stand a'greater
chance of having their applications
accepted.
According to letters received at the
Registrar's office from the Intercol
legiate Intelligence Bureau, four Civil
Service positions connected with the
Ordnance Department of the United
States service have been thrown open
to applicants who prove their ability
I to the positions through the Civil
Service competitive examinations.
A mechanical draftsman, a schedule
clerk, an index and catalogue clerk,
and a statistician are wanted by the
government. Men interested in this
branch of the service may receive ad

ditional information and application
blanks at t!ie Registrar's Oflice.
The aviation service is receiving
between sixty and seventy applica
tions a week in the non-flying di
vision. However, the government is
accepting only two per week in this
branch, according to information sent
the Registrar from the War Depart
ment. As the government is especial
ly desirous of having more men in the
flying and balloon divisions of the
aviation service, those who apply in
tbese six departments stand a'greater
chance of having their applications
accepted.
According to letters received at the
Registrar's office from the Intercol
legiate Intelligence Bureau, four Civil
Service positions connected with the
Ordnance Department of the United
States service have been thrown open
to applicants who prove their ability
I to the positions through the Civil
Service competitive examinations.
A mechanical draftsman, a schedule
clerk, an index and catalogue clerk,
and a statistician are wanted by the
government. Men interested in this
branch of the service may receive ad

ditional information and application
blanks at t!ie Registrar's Oflice.
The aviation service is receiving
between sixty and seventy applica
tions a week in the non-flying di
vision. However, the government is
accepting only two per week in this
branch, according to information sent
the Registrar from the War Depart
ment. As the government is especial
ly desirous of having more men in the
flying and balloon divisions of the
aviation service, those who apply in
tbese six departments stand a'greater
chance of having their applications
accepted.
