# H.W. Maloney to Recruit British and Canadians
## 
### 
H. W. Maloney, veteran of the Boer
war and at present Stanford's in
structor in physical training, is now
recruiting men for the Canadian and
British armies, having been appointed
local representative of the "Recruit
ing Mission." Hotli British subjects
and men not affected by the draft may
enter the service of the Allies through
Mr. Maloney's efforts. He has his
headquarters in the gymnasium build
ing.
H. W. Maloney, veteran of the Boer
war and at present Stanford's in
structor in physical training, is now
recruiting men for the Canadian and
British armies, having been appointed
local representative of the "Recruit
ing Mission." Hotli British subjects
and men not affected by the draft may
enter the service of the Allies through
Mr. Maloney's efforts. He has his
headquarters in the gymnasium build
ing.
H. W. Maloney, veteran of the Boer
war and at present Stanford's in
structor in physical training, is now
recruiting men for the Canadian and
British armies, having been appointed
local representative of the "Recruit
ing Mission." Hotli British subjects
and men not affected by the draft may
enter the service of the Allies through
Mr. Maloney's efforts. He has his
headquarters in the gymnasium build
ing.
H. W. Maloney, veteran of the Boer
war and at present Stanford's in
structor in physical training, is now
recruiting men for the Canadian and
British armies, having been appointed
local representative of the "Recruit
ing Mission." Hotli British subjects
and men not affected by the draft may
enter the service of the Allies through
Mr. Maloney's efforts. He has his
headquarters in the gymnasium build
ing.
H. W. Maloney, veteran of the Boer
war and at present Stanford's in
structor in physical training, is now
recruiting men for the Canadian and
British armies, having been appointed
local representative of the "Recruit
ing Mission." Hotli British subjects
and men not affected by the draft may
enter the service of the Allies through
Mr. Maloney's efforts. He has his
headquarters in the gymnasium build
ing.
H. W. Maloney, veteran of the Boer
war and at present Stanford's in
structor in physical training, is now
recruiting men for the Canadian and
British armies, having been appointed
local representative of the "Recruit
ing Mission." Hotli British subjects
and men not affected by the draft may
enter the service of the Allies through
Mr. Maloney's efforts. He has his
headquarters in the gymnasium build
ing.
H. W. Maloney, veteran of the Boer
war and at present Stanford's in
structor in physical training, is now
recruiting men for the Canadian and
British armies, having been appointed
local representative of the "Recruit
ing Mission." Hotli British subjects
and men not affected by the draft may
enter the service of the Allies through
Mr. Maloney's efforts. He has his
headquarters in the gymnasium build
ing.
H. W. Maloney, veteran of the Boer
war and at present Stanford's in
structor in physical training, is now
recruiting men for the Canadian and
British armies, having been appointed
local representative of the "Recruit
ing Mission." Hotli British subjects
and men not affected by the draft may
enter the service of the Allies through
Mr. Maloney's efforts. He has his
headquarters in the gymnasium build
ing.
H. W. Maloney, veteran of the Boer
war and at present Stanford's in
structor in physical training, is now
recruiting men for the Canadian and
British armies, having been appointed
local representative of the "Recruit
ing Mission." Hotli British subjects
and men not affected by the draft may
enter the service of the Allies through
Mr. Maloney's efforts. He has his
headquarters in the gymnasium build
ing.
H. W. Maloney, veteran of the Boer
war and at present Stanford's in
structor in physical training, is now
recruiting men for the Canadian and
British armies, having been appointed
local representative of the "Recruit
ing Mission." Hotli British subjects
and men not affected by the draft may
enter the service of the Allies through
Mr. Maloney's efforts. He has his
headquarters in the gymnasium build
ing.
H. W. Maloney, veteran of the Boer
war and at present Stanford's in
structor in physical training, is now
recruiting men for the Canadian and
British armies, having been appointed
local representative of the "Recruit
ing Mission." Hotli British subjects
and men not affected by the draft may
enter the service of the Allies through
Mr. Maloney's efforts. He has his
headquarters in the gymnasium build
ing.
H. W. Maloney, veteran of the Boer
war and at present Stanford's in
structor in physical training, is now
recruiting men for the Canadian and
British armies, having been appointed
local representative of the "Recruit
ing Mission." Hotli British subjects
and men not affected by the draft may
enter the service of the Allies through
Mr. Maloney's efforts. He has his
headquarters in the gymnasium build
ing.
H. W. Maloney, veteran of the Boer
war and at present Stanford's in
structor in physical training, is now
recruiting men for the Canadian and
British armies, having been appointed
local representative of the "Recruit
ing Mission." Hotli British subjects
and men not affected by the draft may
enter the service of the Allies through
Mr. Maloney's efforts. He has his
headquarters in the gymnasium build
ing.
H. W. Maloney, veteran of the Boer
war and at present Stanford's in
structor in physical training, is now
recruiting men for the Canadian and
British armies, having been appointed
local representative of the "Recruit
ing Mission." Hotli British subjects
and men not affected by the draft may
enter the service of the Allies through
Mr. Maloney's efforts. He has his
headquarters in the gymnasium build
ing.
H. W. Maloney, veteran of the Boer
war and at present Stanford's in
structor in physical training, is now
recruiting men for the Canadian and
British armies, having been appointed
local representative of the "Recruit
ing Mission." Hotli British subjects
and men not affected by the draft may
enter the service of the Allies through
Mr. Maloney's efforts. He has his
headquarters in the gymnasium build
ing.
