# DURAND WINS MEDAL
## 
### 
The Carty Gold Medal of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences was pre
sented last week to Dr. William F.
Durand, emeritus professor of me
chanical engineering at Stanford,
who is now serving in the war ef
fort in Washington, D.C., as chair
man of the division of engineering
and industrial research of the Na
tional Research Council, and as a
member of the National Advv <>ry
Committee lor Aeronautic--.
The Carty Gold Medal of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences was pre
sented last week to Dr. William F.
Durand, emeritus professor of me
chanical engineering at Stanford,
who is now serving in the war ef
fort in Washington, D.C., as chair
man of the division of engineering
and industrial research of the Na
tional Research Council, and as a
member of the National Advv <>ry
Committee lor Aeronautic--.
The Carty Gold Medal of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences was pre
sented last week to Dr. William F.
Durand, emeritus professor of me
chanical engineering at Stanford,
who is now serving in the war ef
fort in Washington, D.C., as chair
man of the division of engineering
and industrial research of the Na
tional Research Council, and as a
member of the National Advv <>ry
Committee lor Aeronautic--.
The Carty Gold Medal of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences was pre
sented last week to Dr. William F.
Durand, emeritus professor of me
chanical engineering at Stanford,
who is now serving in the war ef
fort in Washington, D.C., as chair
man of the division of engineering
and industrial research of the Na
tional Research Council, and as a
member of the National Advv <>ry
Committee lor Aeronautic--.
The Carty Gold Medal of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences was pre
sented last week to Dr. William F.
Durand, emeritus professor of me
chanical engineering at Stanford,
who is now serving in the war ef
fort in Washington, D.C., as chair
man of the division of engineering
and industrial research of the Na
tional Research Council, and as a
member of the National Advv <>ry
Committee lor Aeronautic--.
The Carty Gold Medal of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences was pre
sented last week to Dr. William F.
Durand, emeritus professor of me
chanical engineering at Stanford,
who is now serving in the war ef
fort in Washington, D.C., as chair
man of the division of engineering
and industrial research of the Na
tional Research Council, and as a
member of the National Advv <>ry
Committee lor Aeronautic--.
The Carty Gold Medal of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences was pre
sented last week to Dr. William F.
Durand, emeritus professor of me
chanical engineering at Stanford,
who is now serving in the war ef
fort in Washington, D.C., as chair
man of the division of engineering
and industrial research of the Na
tional Research Council, and as a
member of the National Advv <>ry
Committee lor Aeronautic--.
The Carty Gold Medal of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences was pre
sented last week to Dr. William F.
Durand, emeritus professor of me
chanical engineering at Stanford,
who is now serving in the war ef
fort in Washington, D.C., as chair
man of the division of engineering
and industrial research of the Na
tional Research Council, and as a
member of the National Advv <>ry
Committee lor Aeronautic--.
The Carty Gold Medal of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences was pre
sented last week to Dr. William F.
Durand, emeritus professor of me
chanical engineering at Stanford,
who is now serving in the war ef
fort in Washington, D.C., as chair
man of the division of engineering
and industrial research of the Na
tional Research Council, and as a
member of the National Advv <>ry
Committee lor Aeronautic--.
The Carty Gold Medal of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences was pre
sented last week to Dr. William F.
Durand, emeritus professor of me
chanical engineering at Stanford,
who is now serving in the war ef
fort in Washington, D.C., as chair
man of the division of engineering
and industrial research of the Na
tional Research Council, and as a
member of the National Advv <>ry
Committee lor Aeronautic--.
The Carty Gold Medal of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences was pre
sented last week to Dr. William F.
Durand, emeritus professor of me
chanical engineering at Stanford,
who is now serving in the war ef
fort in Washington, D.C., as chair
man of the division of engineering
and industrial research of the Na
tional Research Council, and as a
member of the National Advv <>ry
Committee lor Aeronautic--.
The Carty Gold Medal of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences was pre
sented last week to Dr. William F.
Durand, emeritus professor of me
chanical engineering at Stanford,
who is now serving in the war ef
fort in Washington, D.C., as chair
man of the division of engineering
and industrial research of the Na
tional Research Council, and as a
member of the National Advv <>ry
Committee lor Aeronautic--.
The Carty Gold Medal of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences was pre
sented last week to Dr. William F.
Durand, emeritus professor of me
chanical engineering at Stanford,
who is now serving in the war ef
fort in Washington, D.C., as chair
man of the division of engineering
and industrial research of the Na
tional Research Council, and as a
member of the National Advv <>ry
Committee lor Aeronautic--.
The Carty Gold Medal of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences was pre
sented last week to Dr. William F.
Durand, emeritus professor of me
chanical engineering at Stanford,
who is now serving in the war ef
fort in Washington, D.C., as chair
man of the division of engineering
and industrial research of the Na
tional Research Council, and as a
member of the National Advv <>ry
Committee lor Aeronautic--.
The Carty Gold Medal of the Na
tional Academy of Sciences was pre
sented last week to Dr. William F.
Durand, emeritus professor of me
chanical engineering at Stanford,
who is now serving in the war ef
fort in Washington, D.C., as chair
man of the division of engineering
and industrial research of the Na
tional Research Council, and as a
member of the National Advv <>ry
Committee lor Aeronautic--.
