# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Hurlburt, Chalet, and Roth
houses have reported 100% in the
donation of $2.75 per student for
the Con Home Drive. Returns of
other women's living groups show
that many have not turned in their
money, many are low on the per
centage scale for contributions, ac
cording to Treasurer of the Drive
Frankie Mclnnis.
All money from the off-campus
drive should be turned in Satur
day morning before 11, since Miss
Mclnnis will not hold office hours
tonight.
Roble Ilall turned in a total of
$222: Casa Eucalypto, $2.10, and
Hurlburt. $74.25, to become the
three highest for monetary re
turns.
Toyon with $58, Washington with
$55.75, and Buchanan with $50.75
were the three highest of the
men's living groups which had re
ported last night.
Hurlburt, Chalet, and Roth
houses have reported 100% in the
donation of $2.75 per student for
the Con Home Drive. Returns of
other women's living groups show
that many have not turned in their
money, many are low on the per
centage scale for contributions, ac
cording to Treasurer of the Drive
Frankie Mclnnis.
All money from the off-campus
drive should be turned in Satur
day morning before 11, since Miss
Mclnnis will not hold office hours
tonight.
Roble Ilall turned in a total of
$222: Casa Eucalypto, $2.10, and
Hurlburt. $74.25, to become the
three highest for monetary re
turns.
Toyon with $58, Washington with
$55.75, and Buchanan with $50.75
were the three highest of the
men's living groups which had re
ported last night.
Hurlburt, Chalet, and Roth
houses have reported 100% in the
donation of $2.75 per student for
the Con Home Drive. Returns of
other women's living groups show
that many have not turned in their
money, many are low on the per
centage scale for contributions, ac
cording to Treasurer of the Drive
Frankie Mclnnis.
All money from the off-campus
drive should be turned in Satur
day morning before 11, since Miss
Mclnnis will not hold office hours
tonight.
Roble Ilall turned in a total of
$222: Casa Eucalypto, $2.10, and
Hurlburt. $74.25, to become the
three highest for monetary re
turns.
Toyon with $58, Washington with
$55.75, and Buchanan with $50.75
were the three highest of the
men's living groups which had re
ported last night.
Hurlburt, Chalet, and Roth
houses have reported 100% in the
donation of $2.75 per student for
the Con Home Drive. Returns of
other women's living groups show
that many have not turned in their
money, many are low on the per
centage scale for contributions, ac
cording to Treasurer of the Drive
Frankie Mclnnis.
All money from the off-campus
drive should be turned in Satur
day morning before 11, since Miss
Mclnnis will not hold office hours
tonight.
Roble Ilall turned in a total of
$222: Casa Eucalypto, $2.10, and
Hurlburt. $74.25, to become the
three highest for monetary re
turns.
Toyon with $58, Washington with
$55.75, and Buchanan with $50.75
were the three highest of the
men's living groups which had re
ported last night.
Hurlburt, Chalet, and Roth
houses have reported 100% in the
donation of $2.75 per student for
the Con Home Drive. Returns of
other women's living groups show
that many have not turned in their
money, many are low on the per
centage scale for contributions, ac
cording to Treasurer of the Drive
Frankie Mclnnis.
All money from the off-campus
drive should be turned in Satur
day morning before 11, since Miss
Mclnnis will not hold office hours
tonight.
Roble Ilall turned in a total of
$222: Casa Eucalypto, $2.10, and
Hurlburt. $74.25, to become the
three highest for monetary re
turns.
Toyon with $58, Washington with
$55.75, and Buchanan with $50.75
were the three highest of the
men's living groups which had re
ported last night.
Hurlburt, Chalet, and Roth
houses have reported 100% in the
donation of $2.75 per student for
the Con Home Drive. Returns of
other women's living groups show
that many have not turned in their
money, many are low on the per
centage scale for contributions, ac
cording to Treasurer of the Drive
Frankie Mclnnis.
All money from the off-campus
drive should be turned in Satur
day morning before 11, since Miss
Mclnnis will not hold office hours
tonight.
Roble Ilall turned in a total of
$222: Casa Eucalypto, $2.10, and
Hurlburt. $74.25, to become the
three highest for monetary re
turns.
Toyon with $58, Washington with
$55.75, and Buchanan with $50.75
were the three highest of the
men's living groups which had re
ported last night.
Hurlburt, Chalet, and Roth
houses have reported 100% in the
donation of $2.75 per student for
the Con Home Drive. Returns of
other women's living groups show
that many have not turned in their
money, many are low on the per
centage scale for contributions, ac
cording to Treasurer of the Drive
Frankie Mclnnis.
All money from the off-campus
drive should be turned in Satur
day morning before 11, since Miss
Mclnnis will not hold office hours
tonight.
Roble Ilall turned in a total of
$222: Casa Eucalypto, $2.10, and
Hurlburt. $74.25, to become the
three highest for monetary re
turns.
Toyon with $58, Washington with
$55.75, and Buchanan with $50.75
were the three highest of the
men's living groups which had re
ported last night.
Hurlburt, Chalet, and Roth
houses have reported 100% in the
donation of $2.75 per student for
the Con Home Drive. Returns of
other women's living groups show
that many have not turned in their
money, many are low on the per
centage scale for contributions, ac
cording to Treasurer of the Drive
Frankie Mclnnis.
All money from the off-campus
drive should be turned in Satur
day morning before 11, since Miss
Mclnnis will not hold office hours
tonight.
Roble Ilall turned in a total of
$222: Casa Eucalypto, $2.10, and
Hurlburt. $74.25, to become the
three highest for monetary re
turns.
Toyon with $58, Washington with
$55.75, and Buchanan with $50.75
were the three highest of the
men's living groups which had re
ported last night.
Hurlburt, Chalet, and Roth
houses have reported 100% in the
donation of $2.75 per student for
the Con Home Drive. Returns of
other women's living groups show
that many have not turned in their
money, many are low on the per
centage scale for contributions, ac
cording to Treasurer of the Drive
Frankie Mclnnis.
All money from the off-campus
drive should be turned in Satur
day morning before 11, since Miss
Mclnnis will not hold office hours
tonight.
Roble Ilall turned in a total of
$222: Casa Eucalypto, $2.10, and
Hurlburt. $74.25, to become the
three highest for monetary re
turns.
Toyon with $58, Washington with
$55.75, and Buchanan with $50.75
were the three highest of the
men's living groups which had re
ported last night.
Hurlburt, Chalet, and Roth
houses have reported 100% in the
donation of $2.75 per student for
the Con Home Drive. Returns of
other women's living groups show
that many have not turned in their
money, many are low on the per
centage scale for contributions, ac
cording to Treasurer of the Drive
Frankie Mclnnis.
All money from the off-campus
drive should be turned in Satur
day morning before 11, since Miss
Mclnnis will not hold office hours
tonight.
Roble Ilall turned in a total of
$222: Casa Eucalypto, $2.10, and
Hurlburt. $74.25, to become the
three highest for monetary re
turns.
Toyon with $58, Washington with
$55.75, and Buchanan with $50.75
were the three highest of the
men's living groups which had re
ported last night.
Hurlburt, Chalet, and Roth
houses have reported 100% in the
donation of $2.75 per student for
the Con Home Drive. Returns of
other women's living groups show
that many have not turned in their
money, many are low on the per
centage scale for contributions, ac
cording to Treasurer of the Drive
Frankie Mclnnis.
All money from the off-campus
drive should be turned in Satur
day morning before 11, since Miss
Mclnnis will not hold office hours
tonight.
Roble Ilall turned in a total of
$222: Casa Eucalypto, $2.10, and
Hurlburt. $74.25, to become the
three highest for monetary re
turns.
Toyon with $58, Washington with
$55.75, and Buchanan with $50.75
were the three highest of the
men's living groups which had re
ported last night.
Hurlburt, Chalet, and Roth
houses have reported 100% in the
donation of $2.75 per student for
the Con Home Drive. Returns of
other women's living groups show
that many have not turned in their
money, many are low on the per
centage scale for contributions, ac
cording to Treasurer of the Drive
Frankie Mclnnis.
All money from the off-campus
drive should be turned in Satur
day morning before 11, since Miss
Mclnnis will not hold office hours
tonight.
Roble Ilall turned in a total of
$222: Casa Eucalypto, $2.10, and
Hurlburt. $74.25, to become the
three highest for monetary re
turns.
Toyon with $58, Washington with
$55.75, and Buchanan with $50.75
were the three highest of the
men's living groups which had re
ported last night.
Hurlburt, Chalet, and Roth
houses have reported 100% in the
donation of $2.75 per student for
the Con Home Drive. Returns of
other women's living groups show
that many have not turned in their
money, many are low on the per
centage scale for contributions, ac
cording to Treasurer of the Drive
Frankie Mclnnis.
All money from the off-campus
drive should be turned in Satur
day morning before 11, since Miss
Mclnnis will not hold office hours
tonight.
Roble Ilall turned in a total of
$222: Casa Eucalypto, $2.10, and
Hurlburt. $74.25, to become the
three highest for monetary re
turns.
Toyon with $58, Washington with
$55.75, and Buchanan with $50.75
were the three highest of the
men's living groups which had re
ported last night.
Hurlburt, Chalet, and Roth
houses have reported 100% in the
donation of $2.75 per student for
the Con Home Drive. Returns of
other women's living groups show
that many have not turned in their
money, many are low on the per
centage scale for contributions, ac
cording to Treasurer of the Drive
Frankie Mclnnis.
All money from the off-campus
drive should be turned in Satur
day morning before 11, since Miss
Mclnnis will not hold office hours
tonight.
Roble Ilall turned in a total of
$222: Casa Eucalypto, $2.10, and
Hurlburt. $74.25, to become the
three highest for monetary re
turns.
Toyon with $58, Washington with
$55.75, and Buchanan with $50.75
were the three highest of the
men's living groups which had re
ported last night.
Hurlburt, Chalet, and Roth
houses have reported 100% in the
donation of $2.75 per student for
the Con Home Drive. Returns of
other women's living groups show
that many have not turned in their
money, many are low on the per
centage scale for contributions, ac
cording to Treasurer of the Drive
Frankie Mclnnis.
All money from the off-campus
drive should be turned in Satur
day morning before 11, since Miss
Mclnnis will not hold office hours
tonight.
Roble Ilall turned in a total of
$222: Casa Eucalypto, $2.10, and
Hurlburt. $74.25, to become the
three highest for monetary re
turns.
Toyon with $58, Washington with
$55.75, and Buchanan with $50.75
were the three highest of the
men's living groups which had re
ported last night.
