# Recreational Songs Topic for Meeting
## 
### 
Music in Recreation will be the
topic of an outdoor meeting this
afternoon between .1 and 4:30. The
meeting will be held near the vol
ley ball courts by the Women's Gym.
Invitation is extended to all stu
dents interested in music enjoyment
to join with the members of the
classes in Community Music, Camp
ing. and Recreational Trends. Short
cuts to selecting and starting songs
will be the subject of the demon
stration.
Music in Recreation will be the
topic of an outdoor meeting this
afternoon between .1 and 4:30. The
meeting will be held near the vol
ley ball courts by the Women's Gym.
Invitation is extended to all stu
dents interested in music enjoyment
to join with the members of the
classes in Community Music, Camp
ing. and Recreational Trends. Short
cuts to selecting and starting songs
will be the subject of the demon
stration.
Music in Recreation will be the
topic of an outdoor meeting this
afternoon between .1 and 4:30. The
meeting will be held near the vol
ley ball courts by the Women's Gym.
Invitation is extended to all stu
dents interested in music enjoyment
to join with the members of the
classes in Community Music, Camp
ing. and Recreational Trends. Short
cuts to selecting and starting songs
will be the subject of the demon
stration.
Music in Recreation will be the
topic of an outdoor meeting this
afternoon between .1 and 4:30. The
meeting will be held near the vol
ley ball courts by the Women's Gym.
Invitation is extended to all stu
dents interested in music enjoyment
to join with the members of the
classes in Community Music, Camp
ing. and Recreational Trends. Short
cuts to selecting and starting songs
will be the subject of the demon
stration.
Music in Recreation will be the
topic of an outdoor meeting this
afternoon between .1 and 4:30. The
meeting will be held near the vol
ley ball courts by the Women's Gym.
Invitation is extended to all stu
dents interested in music enjoyment
to join with the members of the
classes in Community Music, Camp
ing. and Recreational Trends. Short
cuts to selecting and starting songs
will be the subject of the demon
stration.
Music in Recreation will be the
topic of an outdoor meeting this
afternoon between .1 and 4:30. The
meeting will be held near the vol
ley ball courts by the Women's Gym.
Invitation is extended to all stu
dents interested in music enjoyment
to join with the members of the
classes in Community Music, Camp
ing. and Recreational Trends. Short
cuts to selecting and starting songs
will be the subject of the demon
stration.
Music in Recreation will be the
topic of an outdoor meeting this
afternoon between .1 and 4:30. The
meeting will be held near the vol
ley ball courts by the Women's Gym.
Invitation is extended to all stu
dents interested in music enjoyment
to join with the members of the
classes in Community Music, Camp
ing. and Recreational Trends. Short
cuts to selecting and starting songs
will be the subject of the demon
stration.
Music in Recreation will be the
topic of an outdoor meeting this
afternoon between .1 and 4:30. The
meeting will be held near the vol
ley ball courts by the Women's Gym.
Invitation is extended to all stu
dents interested in music enjoyment
to join with the members of the
classes in Community Music, Camp
ing. and Recreational Trends. Short
cuts to selecting and starting songs
will be the subject of the demon
stration.
Music in Recreation will be the
topic of an outdoor meeting this
afternoon between .1 and 4:30. The
meeting will be held near the vol
ley ball courts by the Women's Gym.
Invitation is extended to all stu
dents interested in music enjoyment
to join with the members of the
classes in Community Music, Camp
ing. and Recreational Trends. Short
cuts to selecting and starting songs
will be the subject of the demon
stration.
Music in Recreation will be the
topic of an outdoor meeting this
afternoon between .1 and 4:30. The
meeting will be held near the vol
ley ball courts by the Women's Gym.
Invitation is extended to all stu
dents interested in music enjoyment
to join with the members of the
classes in Community Music, Camp
ing. and Recreational Trends. Short
cuts to selecting and starting songs
will be the subject of the demon
stration.
Music in Recreation will be the
topic of an outdoor meeting this
afternoon between .1 and 4:30. The
meeting will be held near the vol
ley ball courts by the Women's Gym.
Invitation is extended to all stu
dents interested in music enjoyment
to join with the members of the
classes in Community Music, Camp
ing. and Recreational Trends. Short
cuts to selecting and starting songs
will be the subject of the demon
stration.
Music in Recreation will be the
topic of an outdoor meeting this
afternoon between .1 and 4:30. The
meeting will be held near the vol
ley ball courts by the Women's Gym.
Invitation is extended to all stu
dents interested in music enjoyment
to join with the members of the
classes in Community Music, Camp
ing. and Recreational Trends. Short
cuts to selecting and starting songs
will be the subject of the demon
stration.
Music in Recreation will be the
topic of an outdoor meeting this
afternoon between .1 and 4:30. The
meeting will be held near the vol
ley ball courts by the Women's Gym.
Invitation is extended to all stu
dents interested in music enjoyment
to join with the members of the
classes in Community Music, Camp
ing. and Recreational Trends. Short
cuts to selecting and starting songs
will be the subject of the demon
stration.
Music in Recreation will be the
topic of an outdoor meeting this
afternoon between .1 and 4:30. The
meeting will be held near the vol
ley ball courts by the Women's Gym.
Invitation is extended to all stu
dents interested in music enjoyment
to join with the members of the
classes in Community Music, Camp
ing. and Recreational Trends. Short
cuts to selecting and starting songs
will be the subject of the demon
stration.
Music in Recreation will be the
topic of an outdoor meeting this
afternoon between .1 and 4:30. The
meeting will be held near the vol
ley ball courts by the Women's Gym.
Invitation is extended to all stu
dents interested in music enjoyment
to join with the members of the
classes in Community Music, Camp
ing. and Recreational Trends. Short
cuts to selecting and starting songs
will be the subject of the demon
stration.
