# Freshman Nine Will Meet San Jose Normal Tomorrow
## 
### 
Freshman baseball players will engage
in another post-season game tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock, when they meet
the San Jose Normal School on the var
sity diamond. The first-year "men have
not had much practice during the past
two weeks since the conclusion of the
California series.
Ditzler or Oviatt will probably pitch
for the babes with the same line-up .is
has been used consistently throughout
the season. Other games will be played
next week, if present plans mature.
Freshman baseball players will engage
in another post-season game tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock, when they meet
the San Jose Normal School on the var
sity diamond. The first-year "men have
not had much practice during the past
two weeks since the conclusion of the
California series.
Ditzler or Oviatt will probably pitch
for the babes with the same line-up .is
has been used consistently throughout
the season. Other games will be played
next week, if present plans mature.
Freshman baseball players will engage
in another post-season game tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock, when they meet
the San Jose Normal School on the var
sity diamond. The first-year "men have
not had much practice during the past
two weeks since the conclusion of the
California series.
Ditzler or Oviatt will probably pitch
for the babes with the same line-up .is
has been used consistently throughout
the season. Other games will be played
next week, if present plans mature.
Freshman baseball players will engage
in another post-season game tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock, when they meet
the San Jose Normal School on the var
sity diamond. The first-year "men have
not had much practice during the past
two weeks since the conclusion of the
California series.
Ditzler or Oviatt will probably pitch
for the babes with the same line-up .is
has been used consistently throughout
the season. Other games will be played
next week, if present plans mature.
Freshman baseball players will engage
in another post-season game tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock, when they meet
the San Jose Normal School on the var
sity diamond. The first-year "men have
not had much practice during the past
two weeks since the conclusion of the
California series.
Ditzler or Oviatt will probably pitch
for the babes with the same line-up .is
has been used consistently throughout
the season. Other games will be played
next week, if present plans mature.
Freshman baseball players will engage
in another post-season game tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock, when they meet
the San Jose Normal School on the var
sity diamond. The first-year "men have
not had much practice during the past
two weeks since the conclusion of the
California series.
Ditzler or Oviatt will probably pitch
for the babes with the same line-up .is
has been used consistently throughout
the season. Other games will be played
next week, if present plans mature.
Freshman baseball players will engage
in another post-season game tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock, when they meet
the San Jose Normal School on the var
sity diamond. The first-year "men have
not had much practice during the past
two weeks since the conclusion of the
California series.
Ditzler or Oviatt will probably pitch
for the babes with the same line-up .is
has been used consistently throughout
the season. Other games will be played
next week, if present plans mature.
Freshman baseball players will engage
in another post-season game tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock, when they meet
the San Jose Normal School on the var
sity diamond. The first-year "men have
not had much practice during the past
two weeks since the conclusion of the
California series.
Ditzler or Oviatt will probably pitch
for the babes with the same line-up .is
has been used consistently throughout
the season. Other games will be played
next week, if present plans mature.
Freshman baseball players will engage
in another post-season game tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock, when they meet
the San Jose Normal School on the var
sity diamond. The first-year "men have
not had much practice during the past
two weeks since the conclusion of the
California series.
Ditzler or Oviatt will probably pitch
for the babes with the same line-up .is
has been used consistently throughout
the season. Other games will be played
next week, if present plans mature.
Freshman baseball players will engage
in another post-season game tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock, when they meet
the San Jose Normal School on the var
sity diamond. The first-year "men have
not had much practice during the past
two weeks since the conclusion of the
California series.
Ditzler or Oviatt will probably pitch
for the babes with the same line-up .is
has been used consistently throughout
the season. Other games will be played
next week, if present plans mature.
Freshman baseball players will engage
in another post-season game tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock, when they meet
the San Jose Normal School on the var
sity diamond. The first-year "men have
not had much practice during the past
two weeks since the conclusion of the
California series.
Ditzler or Oviatt will probably pitch
for the babes with the same line-up .is
has been used consistently throughout
the season. Other games will be played
next week, if present plans mature.
Freshman baseball players will engage
in another post-season game tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock, when they meet
the San Jose Normal School on the var
sity diamond. The first-year "men have
not had much practice during the past
two weeks since the conclusion of the
California series.
Ditzler or Oviatt will probably pitch
for the babes with the same line-up .is
has been used consistently throughout
the season. Other games will be played
next week, if present plans mature.
Freshman baseball players will engage
in another post-season game tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock, when they meet
the San Jose Normal School on the var
sity diamond. The first-year "men have
not had much practice during the past
two weeks since the conclusion of the
California series.
Ditzler or Oviatt will probably pitch
for the babes with the same line-up .is
has been used consistently throughout
the season. Other games will be played
next week, if present plans mature.
Freshman baseball players will engage
in another post-season game tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock, when they meet
the San Jose Normal School on the var
sity diamond. The first-year "men have
not had much practice during the past
two weeks since the conclusion of the
California series.
Ditzler or Oviatt will probably pitch
for the babes with the same line-up .is
has been used consistently throughout
the season. Other games will be played
next week, if present plans mature.
Freshman baseball players will engage
in another post-season game tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock, when they meet
the San Jose Normal School on the var
sity diamond. The first-year "men have
not had much practice during the past
two weeks since the conclusion of the
California series.
Ditzler or Oviatt will probably pitch
for the babes with the same line-up .is
has been used consistently throughout
the season. Other games will be played
next week, if present plans mature.
