# N.K. SMITH EXPLAINS NEW NATURE CONCEPT
## 
### 
Criticizing the fallacy, held by physic
ists since the time of Galileo, that
is a bi-furcation, or splitting, of reality
into mental and physical stuff, A. N.
Whitehead, mathematician and logician,
proposes a new basis for physical con
cept, contradicting the old conception as
an appearance of particles in motion.
This, in brief, was the foundation of
Professor Norman Kemp Smith's lec
ture on "Whitehead's Philosophy of
Nature."
"The mathematist, physicist, and phi
losopher must be called upon to make a
co-operative examination of this con
cept," said Dr. Smith. "Although White
head's theory offers an alternative ex
planation of Einstein's results, the pres
ent discussion ill involve only the philo
sophical side."
Modern science is beginning to find the
concept of an unchanging element un
satisfactory, Dr. Smith explained. On
closer analysis, change seems to be every
where in nature. Therefore Whitehead
substitutes the concept of "event," to de
note non-repeated occurrences, and that
of "object" to denote the structure or a
series of events that may be repeated or
identified.
"A street accident is an event, Cleo
patra's Needle or the song of a lark is
an object," stated the lecturer. He de
scribed how both involve events, for the
monument is gradually undergoing de
cay, and the lark's song is a series of
notes. In addition to this changing as
pect, each has a structure, the true ob
ject, that may be identified and met re
currently in spite of the changing events
that constitute the life history of the
thing.
The consequences of adopting these
concepts are, for physical science, a
closer approach to the facts of observa
tion and a weakening of the dogmatism
lying behind the ideas of the conserva
tion of mass and energyâ€”principles al
ready under attack in modern physics.
"For philosophy and psychology," said
Dr. Smith, "this theory means a rein
terpretation of the relations of mind and
body that should relieve both from cer
tain inconsistencies inherent in the old
view."
