# David, '24, Marries Louise Mellin in Chapel Wedding
## 
### 
Miss Louise Henrietta Mellin, of
Cupertino, became the bride of Leon
Thomas David, '24, of Palo Alto, in a
ceremony solemnized in the Memorial
Church Sunday afternoon. David re
ceived his juris doctor degree from
the law school last year. He is a mem
ber of Phi Alpha Delta, and formerly
was connected with the administra
tion of the Stanford Union and the
men's dormitories.
Miss Louise Henrietta Mellin, of
Cupertino, became the bride of Leon
Thomas David, '24, of Palo Alto, in a
ceremony solemnized in the Memorial
Church Sunday afternoon. David re
ceived his juris doctor degree from
the law school last year. He is a mem
ber of Phi Alpha Delta, and formerly
was connected with the administra
tion of the Stanford Union and the
men's dormitories.
Miss Louise Henrietta Mellin, of
Cupertino, became the bride of Leon
Thomas David, '24, of Palo Alto, in a
ceremony solemnized in the Memorial
Church Sunday afternoon. David re
ceived his juris doctor degree from
the law school last year. He is a mem
ber of Phi Alpha Delta, and formerly
was connected with the administra
tion of the Stanford Union and the
men's dormitories.
Miss Louise Henrietta Mellin, of
Cupertino, became the bride of Leon
Thomas David, '24, of Palo Alto, in a
ceremony solemnized in the Memorial
Church Sunday afternoon. David re
ceived his juris doctor degree from
the law school last year. He is a mem
ber of Phi Alpha Delta, and formerly
was connected with the administra
tion of the Stanford Union and the
men's dormitories.
Miss Louise Henrietta Mellin, of
Cupertino, became the bride of Leon
Thomas David, '24, of Palo Alto, in a
ceremony solemnized in the Memorial
Church Sunday afternoon. David re
ceived his juris doctor degree from
the law school last year. He is a mem
ber of Phi Alpha Delta, and formerly
was connected with the administra
tion of the Stanford Union and the
men's dormitories.
Miss Louise Henrietta Mellin, of
Cupertino, became the bride of Leon
Thomas David, '24, of Palo Alto, in a
ceremony solemnized in the Memorial
Church Sunday afternoon. David re
ceived his juris doctor degree from
the law school last year. He is a mem
ber of Phi Alpha Delta, and formerly
was connected with the administra
tion of the Stanford Union and the
men's dormitories.
Miss Louise Henrietta Mellin, of
Cupertino, became the bride of Leon
Thomas David, '24, of Palo Alto, in a
ceremony solemnized in the Memorial
Church Sunday afternoon. David re
ceived his juris doctor degree from
the law school last year. He is a mem
ber of Phi Alpha Delta, and formerly
was connected with the administra
tion of the Stanford Union and the
men's dormitories.
Miss Louise Henrietta Mellin, of
Cupertino, became the bride of Leon
Thomas David, '24, of Palo Alto, in a
ceremony solemnized in the Memorial
Church Sunday afternoon. David re
ceived his juris doctor degree from
the law school last year. He is a mem
ber of Phi Alpha Delta, and formerly
was connected with the administra
tion of the Stanford Union and the
men's dormitories.
Miss Louise Henrietta Mellin, of
Cupertino, became the bride of Leon
Thomas David, '24, of Palo Alto, in a
ceremony solemnized in the Memorial
Church Sunday afternoon. David re
ceived his juris doctor degree from
the law school last year. He is a mem
ber of Phi Alpha Delta, and formerly
was connected with the administra
tion of the Stanford Union and the
men's dormitories.
Miss Louise Henrietta Mellin, of
Cupertino, became the bride of Leon
Thomas David, '24, of Palo Alto, in a
ceremony solemnized in the Memorial
Church Sunday afternoon. David re
ceived his juris doctor degree from
the law school last year. He is a mem
ber of Phi Alpha Delta, and formerly
was connected with the administra
tion of the Stanford Union and the
men's dormitories.
Miss Louise Henrietta Mellin, of
Cupertino, became the bride of Leon
Thomas David, '24, of Palo Alto, in a
ceremony solemnized in the Memorial
Church Sunday afternoon. David re
ceived his juris doctor degree from
the law school last year. He is a mem
ber of Phi Alpha Delta, and formerly
was connected with the administra
tion of the Stanford Union and the
men's dormitories.
Miss Louise Henrietta Mellin, of
Cupertino, became the bride of Leon
Thomas David, '24, of Palo Alto, in a
ceremony solemnized in the Memorial
Church Sunday afternoon. David re
ceived his juris doctor degree from
the law school last year. He is a mem
ber of Phi Alpha Delta, and formerly
was connected with the administra
tion of the Stanford Union and the
men's dormitories.
Miss Louise Henrietta Mellin, of
Cupertino, became the bride of Leon
Thomas David, '24, of Palo Alto, in a
ceremony solemnized in the Memorial
Church Sunday afternoon. David re
ceived his juris doctor degree from
the law school last year. He is a mem
ber of Phi Alpha Delta, and formerly
was connected with the administra
tion of the Stanford Union and the
men's dormitories.
Miss Louise Henrietta Mellin, of
Cupertino, became the bride of Leon
Thomas David, '24, of Palo Alto, in a
ceremony solemnized in the Memorial
Church Sunday afternoon. David re
ceived his juris doctor degree from
the law school last year. He is a mem
ber of Phi Alpha Delta, and formerly
was connected with the administra
tion of the Stanford Union and the
men's dormitories.
Miss Louise Henrietta Mellin, of
Cupertino, became the bride of Leon
Thomas David, '24, of Palo Alto, in a
ceremony solemnized in the Memorial
Church Sunday afternoon. David re
ceived his juris doctor degree from
the law school last year. He is a mem
ber of Phi Alpha Delta, and formerly
was connected with the administra
tion of the Stanford Union and the
men's dormitories.
