# Egan Petersen Awarded Fellowship From Germany
## 
### 
Professor William A. Cooper, of the
German department, has announced
that the American-German Student
Exchange fellowship at Stanford for
the year 1927-28 has been awarded to
Egan Petersen, Ph.D., of the Univer
sity of Tubingen. Germany. Petersen
is a Political Science major.
Professor William A. Cooper, of the
German department, has announced
that the American-German Student
Exchange fellowship at Stanford for
the year 1927-28 has been awarded to
Egan Petersen, Ph.D., of the Univer
sity of Tubingen. Germany. Petersen
is a Political Science major.
Professor William A. Cooper, of the
German department, has announced
that the American-German Student
Exchange fellowship at Stanford for
the year 1927-28 has been awarded to
Egan Petersen, Ph.D., of the Univer
sity of Tubingen. Germany. Petersen
is a Political Science major.
Professor William A. Cooper, of the
German department, has announced
that the American-German Student
Exchange fellowship at Stanford for
the year 1927-28 has been awarded to
Egan Petersen, Ph.D., of the Univer
sity of Tubingen. Germany. Petersen
is a Political Science major.
Professor William A. Cooper, of the
German department, has announced
that the American-German Student
Exchange fellowship at Stanford for
the year 1927-28 has been awarded to
Egan Petersen, Ph.D., of the Univer
sity of Tubingen. Germany. Petersen
is a Political Science major.
Professor William A. Cooper, of the
German department, has announced
that the American-German Student
Exchange fellowship at Stanford for
the year 1927-28 has been awarded to
Egan Petersen, Ph.D., of the Univer
sity of Tubingen. Germany. Petersen
is a Political Science major.
Professor William A. Cooper, of the
German department, has announced
that the American-German Student
Exchange fellowship at Stanford for
the year 1927-28 has been awarded to
Egan Petersen, Ph.D., of the Univer
sity of Tubingen. Germany. Petersen
is a Political Science major.
Professor William A. Cooper, of the
German department, has announced
that the American-German Student
Exchange fellowship at Stanford for
the year 1927-28 has been awarded to
Egan Petersen, Ph.D., of the Univer
sity of Tubingen. Germany. Petersen
is a Political Science major.
Professor William A. Cooper, of the
German department, has announced
that the American-German Student
Exchange fellowship at Stanford for
the year 1927-28 has been awarded to
Egan Petersen, Ph.D., of the Univer
sity of Tubingen. Germany. Petersen
is a Political Science major.
Professor William A. Cooper, of the
German department, has announced
that the American-German Student
Exchange fellowship at Stanford for
the year 1927-28 has been awarded to
Egan Petersen, Ph.D., of the Univer
sity of Tubingen. Germany. Petersen
is a Political Science major.
Professor William A. Cooper, of the
German department, has announced
that the American-German Student
Exchange fellowship at Stanford for
the year 1927-28 has been awarded to
Egan Petersen, Ph.D., of the Univer
sity of Tubingen. Germany. Petersen
is a Political Science major.
Professor William A. Cooper, of the
German department, has announced
that the American-German Student
Exchange fellowship at Stanford for
the year 1927-28 has been awarded to
Egan Petersen, Ph.D., of the Univer
sity of Tubingen. Germany. Petersen
is a Political Science major.
Professor William A. Cooper, of the
German department, has announced
that the American-German Student
Exchange fellowship at Stanford for
the year 1927-28 has been awarded to
Egan Petersen, Ph.D., of the Univer
sity of Tubingen. Germany. Petersen
is a Political Science major.
Professor William A. Cooper, of the
German department, has announced
that the American-German Student
Exchange fellowship at Stanford for
the year 1927-28 has been awarded to
Egan Petersen, Ph.D., of the Univer
sity of Tubingen. Germany. Petersen
is a Political Science major.
Professor William A. Cooper, of the
German department, has announced
that the American-German Student
Exchange fellowship at Stanford for
the year 1927-28 has been awarded to
Egan Petersen, Ph.D., of the Univer
sity of Tubingen. Germany. Petersen
is a Political Science major.
