# Cardinal-U.C. Bouts Ticket Sale at B.A.C. Wednesday
## 
### 
Tickets for the Stanford-California
boxing matches to be held at Berke
ley on Wednesday evening of (his
week, may be secured today, tomor
row, and Wednesday at the offices of
the Board of Athletic Control in the
Physical Education administration
building.
General admissions will be $1 while
the student charge will be 50 cents.
Tickets for the Stanford-California
boxing matches to be held at Berke
ley on Wednesday evening of (his
week, may be secured today, tomor
row, and Wednesday at the offices of
the Board of Athletic Control in the
Physical Education administration
building.
General admissions will be $1 while
the student charge will be 50 cents.
Tickets for the Stanford-California
boxing matches to be held at Berke
ley on Wednesday evening of (his
week, may be secured today, tomor
row, and Wednesday at the offices of
the Board of Athletic Control in the
Physical Education administration
building.
General admissions will be $1 while
the student charge will be 50 cents.
Tickets for the Stanford-California
boxing matches to be held at Berke
ley on Wednesday evening of (his
week, may be secured today, tomor
row, and Wednesday at the offices of
the Board of Athletic Control in the
Physical Education administration
building.
General admissions will be $1 while
the student charge will be 50 cents.
Tickets for the Stanford-California
boxing matches to be held at Berke
ley on Wednesday evening of (his
week, may be secured today, tomor
row, and Wednesday at the offices of
the Board of Athletic Control in the
Physical Education administration
building.
General admissions will be $1 while
the student charge will be 50 cents.
Tickets for the Stanford-California
boxing matches to be held at Berke
ley on Wednesday evening of (his
week, may be secured today, tomor
row, and Wednesday at the offices of
the Board of Athletic Control in the
Physical Education administration
building.
General admissions will be $1 while
the student charge will be 50 cents.
Tickets for the Stanford-California
boxing matches to be held at Berke
ley on Wednesday evening of (his
week, may be secured today, tomor
row, and Wednesday at the offices of
the Board of Athletic Control in the
Physical Education administration
building.
General admissions will be $1 while
the student charge will be 50 cents.
Tickets for the Stanford-California
boxing matches to be held at Berke
ley on Wednesday evening of (his
week, may be secured today, tomor
row, and Wednesday at the offices of
the Board of Athletic Control in the
Physical Education administration
building.
General admissions will be $1 while
the student charge will be 50 cents.
Tickets for the Stanford-California
boxing matches to be held at Berke
ley on Wednesday evening of (his
week, may be secured today, tomor
row, and Wednesday at the offices of
the Board of Athletic Control in the
Physical Education administration
building.
General admissions will be $1 while
the student charge will be 50 cents.
Tickets for the Stanford-California
boxing matches to be held at Berke
ley on Wednesday evening of (his
week, may be secured today, tomor
row, and Wednesday at the offices of
the Board of Athletic Control in the
Physical Education administration
building.
General admissions will be $1 while
the student charge will be 50 cents.
Tickets for the Stanford-California
boxing matches to be held at Berke
ley on Wednesday evening of (his
week, may be secured today, tomor
row, and Wednesday at the offices of
the Board of Athletic Control in the
Physical Education administration
building.
General admissions will be $1 while
the student charge will be 50 cents.
Tickets for the Stanford-California
boxing matches to be held at Berke
ley on Wednesday evening of (his
week, may be secured today, tomor
row, and Wednesday at the offices of
the Board of Athletic Control in the
Physical Education administration
building.
General admissions will be $1 while
the student charge will be 50 cents.
Tickets for the Stanford-California
boxing matches to be held at Berke
ley on Wednesday evening of (his
week, may be secured today, tomor
row, and Wednesday at the offices of
the Board of Athletic Control in the
Physical Education administration
building.
General admissions will be $1 while
the student charge will be 50 cents.
Tickets for the Stanford-California
boxing matches to be held at Berke
ley on Wednesday evening of (his
week, may be secured today, tomor
row, and Wednesday at the offices of
the Board of Athletic Control in the
Physical Education administration
building.
General admissions will be $1 while
the student charge will be 50 cents.
Tickets for the Stanford-California
boxing matches to be held at Berke
ley on Wednesday evening of (his
week, may be secured today, tomor
row, and Wednesday at the offices of
the Board of Athletic Control in the
Physical Education administration
building.
General admissions will be $1 while
the student charge will be 50 cents.
Tickets for the Stanford-California
boxing matches to be held at Berke
ley on Wednesday evening of (his
week, may be secured today, tomor
row, and Wednesday at the offices of
the Board of Athletic Control in the
Physical Education administration
building.
General admissions will be $1 while
the student charge will be 50 cents.
Tickets for the Stanford-California
boxing matches to be held at Berke
ley on Wednesday evening of (his
week, may be secured today, tomor
row, and Wednesday at the offices of
the Board of Athletic Control in the
Physical Education administration
building.
General admissions will be $1 while
the student charge will be 50 cents.
