# ARTICLES LOST AT BALL
## 
### 
During the rush and glamour of tin*
military ball, a large number of arti
cles were lost, James E. Frank, chair
man of the dance, announced. Articles
can be claimed by applying to Frank
at the Stanford Daily or by telephon
ing P.A. 1971.
A large pear-shaped meteor witli a
lons train, half red and half green,
is reported to have been sighted from
the village of Suntar.
During the rush and glamour of tin*
military ball, a large number of arti
cles were lost, James E. Frank, chair
man of the dance, announced. Articles
can be claimed by applying to Frank
at the Stanford Daily or by telephon
ing P.A. 1971.
A large pear-shaped meteor witli a
lons train, half red and half green,
is reported to have been sighted from
the village of Suntar.
During the rush and glamour of tin*
military ball, a large number of arti
cles were lost, James E. Frank, chair
man of the dance, announced. Articles
can be claimed by applying to Frank
at the Stanford Daily or by telephon
ing P.A. 1971.
A large pear-shaped meteor witli a
lons train, half red and half green,
is reported to have been sighted from
the village of Suntar.
During the rush and glamour of tin*
military ball, a large number of arti
cles were lost, James E. Frank, chair
man of the dance, announced. Articles
can be claimed by applying to Frank
at the Stanford Daily or by telephon
ing P.A. 1971.
A large pear-shaped meteor witli a
lons train, half red and half green,
is reported to have been sighted from
the village of Suntar.
During the rush and glamour of tin*
military ball, a large number of arti
cles were lost, James E. Frank, chair
man of the dance, announced. Articles
can be claimed by applying to Frank
at the Stanford Daily or by telephon
ing P.A. 1971.
A large pear-shaped meteor witli a
lons train, half red and half green,
is reported to have been sighted from
the village of Suntar.
During the rush and glamour of tin*
military ball, a large number of arti
cles were lost, James E. Frank, chair
man of the dance, announced. Articles
can be claimed by applying to Frank
at the Stanford Daily or by telephon
ing P.A. 1971.
A large pear-shaped meteor witli a
lons train, half red and half green,
is reported to have been sighted from
the village of Suntar.
During the rush and glamour of tin*
military ball, a large number of arti
cles were lost, James E. Frank, chair
man of the dance, announced. Articles
can be claimed by applying to Frank
at the Stanford Daily or by telephon
ing P.A. 1971.
A large pear-shaped meteor witli a
lons train, half red and half green,
is reported to have been sighted from
the village of Suntar.
During the rush and glamour of tin*
military ball, a large number of arti
cles were lost, James E. Frank, chair
man of the dance, announced. Articles
can be claimed by applying to Frank
at the Stanford Daily or by telephon
ing P.A. 1971.
A large pear-shaped meteor witli a
lons train, half red and half green,
is reported to have been sighted from
the village of Suntar.
During the rush and glamour of tin*
military ball, a large number of arti
cles were lost, James E. Frank, chair
man of the dance, announced. Articles
can be claimed by applying to Frank
at the Stanford Daily or by telephon
ing P.A. 1971.
A large pear-shaped meteor witli a
lons train, half red and half green,
is reported to have been sighted from
the village of Suntar.
During the rush and glamour of tin*
military ball, a large number of arti
cles were lost, James E. Frank, chair
man of the dance, announced. Articles
can be claimed by applying to Frank
at the Stanford Daily or by telephon
ing P.A. 1971.
A large pear-shaped meteor witli a
lons train, half red and half green,
is reported to have been sighted from
the village of Suntar.
During the rush and glamour of tin*
military ball, a large number of arti
cles were lost, James E. Frank, chair
man of the dance, announced. Articles
can be claimed by applying to Frank
at the Stanford Daily or by telephon
ing P.A. 1971.
A large pear-shaped meteor witli a
lons train, half red and half green,
is reported to have been sighted from
the village of Suntar.
During the rush and glamour of tin*
military ball, a large number of arti
cles were lost, James E. Frank, chair
man of the dance, announced. Articles
can be claimed by applying to Frank
at the Stanford Daily or by telephon
ing P.A. 1971.
A large pear-shaped meteor witli a
lons train, half red and half green,
is reported to have been sighted from
the village of Suntar.
During the rush and glamour of tin*
military ball, a large number of arti
cles were lost, James E. Frank, chair
man of the dance, announced. Articles
can be claimed by applying to Frank
at the Stanford Daily or by telephon
ing P.A. 1971.
A large pear-shaped meteor witli a
lons train, half red and half green,
is reported to have been sighted from
the village of Suntar.
During the rush and glamour of tin*
military ball, a large number of arti
cles were lost, James E. Frank, chair
man of the dance, announced. Articles
can be claimed by applying to Frank
at the Stanford Daily or by telephon
ing P.A. 1971.
A large pear-shaped meteor witli a
lons train, half red and half green,
is reported to have been sighted from
the village of Suntar.
During the rush and glamour of tin*
military ball, a large number of arti
cles were lost, James E. Frank, chair
man of the dance, announced. Articles
can be claimed by applying to Frank
at the Stanford Daily or by telephon
ing P.A. 1971.
A large pear-shaped meteor witli a
lons train, half red and half green,
is reported to have been sighted from
the village of Suntar.
During the rush and glamour of tin*
military ball, a large number of arti
cles were lost, James E. Frank, chair
man of the dance, announced. Articles
can be claimed by applying to Frank
at the Stanford Daily or by telephon
ing P.A. 1971.
A large pear-shaped meteor witli a
lons train, half red and half green,
is reported to have been sighted from
the village of Suntar.
During the rush and glamour of tin*
military ball, a large number of arti
cles were lost, James E. Frank, chair
man of the dance, announced. Articles
can be claimed by applying to Frank
at the Stanford Daily or by telephon
ing P.A. 1971.
A large pear-shaped meteor witli a
lons train, half red and half green,
is reported to have been sighted from
the village of Suntar.
