# Rothwell to Talk With Radio Panel
## 
### 
Easton Rothwell, vice-chairman of
the Hoover Institute and Library,
will represent the United Nations on
the "World Affairs Are Your Af
fairs" broadcast over station KNBC
at 10:30 p.m. Friday. Rothwell is
former secretary-general of the
United States delegation to the
United Nations.
Representatives of the three major
movements for world unity will pre
sent their respective cases on the
program. United World Federalists
will be represented by Max Thelen
Jr., vice-president of the San Fran
cisco Chapter of the World Federal
ists and the Federal Union, Inc.
speaker will be Edgar Bissantz, Pa
cific Coast Director of Federal Union,
Inc.
Frank Clarroe, editor of the San
Francisco News, will moderate the
discussion.
