# THE 						WEATHER
## 
### 
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; gentle to moderate westerly
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; gentle to moderate westerly
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; gentle to moderate westerly
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; gentle to moderate westerly
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; gentle to moderate westerly
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; gentle to moderate westerly
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; gentle to moderate westerly
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; gentle to moderate westerly
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; gentle to moderate westerly
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; gentle to moderate westerly
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; gentle to moderate westerly
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; gentle to moderate westerly
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; gentle to moderate westerly
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; gentle to moderate westerly
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; gentle to moderate westerly
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; gentle to moderate westerly
winds.
