# Adv. 5 Page 3
## 
### 
\(ly^yfore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and •
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT T ER MS
STANFORD STU DE NTS
SAVE 20%
Carlulc
«/ JfiV* ELER3
535 Bryant'Street
Downtown Pcjlo Alto • ">cio
323-3;8 34 '
\(ly^yfore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and •
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT T ER MS
STANFORD STU DE NTS
SAVE 20%
Carlulc
«/ JfiV* ELER3
535 Bryant'Street
Downtown Pcjlo Alto • ">cio
323-3;8 34 '
\(ly^yfore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and •
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT T ER MS
STANFORD STU DE NTS
SAVE 20%
Carlulc
«/ JfiV* ELER3
535 Bryant'Street
Downtown Pcjlo Alto • ">cio
323-3;8 34 '
\(ly^yfore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and •
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT T ER MS
STANFORD STU DE NTS
SAVE 20%
Carlulc
«/ JfiV* ELER3
535 Bryant'Street
Downtown Pcjlo Alto • ">cio
323-3;8 34 '
\(ly^yfore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and •
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT T ER MS
STANFORD STU DE NTS
SAVE 20%
Carlulc
«/ JfiV* ELER3
535 Bryant'Street
Downtown Pcjlo Alto • ">cio
323-3;8 34 '
\(ly^yfore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and •
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT T ER MS
STANFORD STU DE NTS
SAVE 20%
Carlulc
«/ JfiV* ELER3
535 Bryant'Street
Downtown Pcjlo Alto • ">cio
323-3;8 34 '
\(ly^yfore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and •
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT T ER MS
STANFORD STU DE NTS
SAVE 20%
Carlulc
«/ JfiV* ELER3
535 Bryant'Street
Downtown Pcjlo Alto • ">cio
323-3;8 34 '
\(ly^yfore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and •
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT T ER MS
STANFORD STU DE NTS
SAVE 20%
Carlulc
«/ JfiV* ELER3
535 Bryant'Street
Downtown Pcjlo Alto • ">cio
323-3;8 34 '
\(ly^yfore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and •
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT T ER MS
STANFORD STU DE NTS
SAVE 20%
Carlulc
«/ JfiV* ELER3
535 Bryant'Street
Downtown Pcjlo Alto • ">cio
323-3;8 34 '
\(ly^yfore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and •
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT T ER MS
STANFORD STU DE NTS
SAVE 20%
Carlulc
«/ JfiV* ELER3
535 Bryant'Street
Downtown Pcjlo Alto • ">cio
323-3;8 34 '
\(ly^yfore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and •
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT T ER MS
STANFORD STU DE NTS
SAVE 20%
Carlulc
«/ JfiV* ELER3
535 Bryant'Street
Downtown Pcjlo Alto • ">cio
323-3;8 34 '
\(ly^yfore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and •
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT T ER MS
STANFORD STU DE NTS
SAVE 20%
Carlulc
«/ JfiV* ELER3
535 Bryant'Street
Downtown Pcjlo Alto • ">cio
323-3;8 34 '
\(ly^yfore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and •
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT T ER MS
STANFORD STU DE NTS
SAVE 20%
Carlulc
«/ JfiV* ELER3
535 Bryant'Street
Downtown Pcjlo Alto • ">cio
323-3;8 34 '
\(ly^yfore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and •
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT T ER MS
STANFORD STU DE NTS
SAVE 20%
Carlulc
«/ JfiV* ELER3
535 Bryant'Street
Downtown Pcjlo Alto • ">cio
323-3;8 34 '
