# FACULTY WILL HOLD OWN STRAW BALLOT
## 
### 
The Stanford faculty will hold its
own straw ballot on the presidential
election tomorrow. Following the
testing of general campus opinion, in
which the faculty participated to a
considerable extent, it was felt that
it would be interesting to know how
the /acuity stands.
A large committee of professors
therefore undertook to determine the
faculty sentiment and will have a bal
lot box at the Engineering Corner on
the Quad throughout the forenoon to
morrow. In the afternoon the com
mittee will take the ballot box around
to faculty men and women who did not
vote during the forenoon.
Those eligible to vote tomorrow are
are the men and women listed on the
back of the current Time Schedule,
together with emeritus-professors and
all members of the permanent teaching
staff who are on leave of absence this
quarter but reside on the campus.
