# A. L. CRAWFORD WILL SPEAK ON JAPANESE
## 
### 
Euphronia Debating Society will hold
its regular weekly meeting this evening
at 8:00 in Room 12 of the Law Building,
at which another opportunity will lie
given tryoutees who wish to join the
society. The topic for discussion will
be "The Japanese Question and Its So
lution." Everyone, especially freshmen,
who wish to try out should not fail to
be on hand, as this will be the last
meeting devoted entirely to try-outs. A
feature of the meeting will be a talk by
A. L. Crawford, '21, of the Palo Alto
post of the American T.egion, on the
Japanese Question. Crawford being a
member of (lie Committee on Orientals,
is an authority on the subject and his
talk should prove interesting.
1 lurch, president of Euphronia, an
nounces that negotiations are under way
for a debate with Santa Clara in the
near future, although nothing definite
lias vet been decided on.
