# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Postals. Palo Alto, Cal.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Postals. Palo Alto, Cal.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Postals. Palo Alto, Cal.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Postals. Palo Alto, Cal.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Postals. Palo Alto, Cal.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Postals. Palo Alto, Cal.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Postals. Palo Alto, Cal.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Postals. Palo Alto, Cal.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Postals. Palo Alto, Cal.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Postals. Palo Alto, Cal.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Postals. Palo Alto, Cal.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Postals. Palo Alto, Cal.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Postals. Palo Alto, Cal.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
