# Halls Will Be Gay For Thanksgiving
## 
### 
The Palo Alto Red Cross Camp and
Hospital Service is decorating the
tables in Encina and Branner Halls
for the soldiers for Thanksgiving.
The dinner, which is in three shifts,
starts at 5 p.m. Thursday. A corps of
Stanford women who volunteered
through the Y is helping with dec
orations.
The Palo Alto Red Cross Camp and
Hospital Service is decorating the
tables in Encina and Branner Halls
for the soldiers for Thanksgiving.
The dinner, which is in three shifts,
starts at 5 p.m. Thursday. A corps of
Stanford women who volunteered
through the Y is helping with dec
orations.
The Palo Alto Red Cross Camp and
Hospital Service is decorating the
tables in Encina and Branner Halls
for the soldiers for Thanksgiving.
The dinner, which is in three shifts,
starts at 5 p.m. Thursday. A corps of
Stanford women who volunteered
through the Y is helping with dec
orations.
The Palo Alto Red Cross Camp and
Hospital Service is decorating the
tables in Encina and Branner Halls
for the soldiers for Thanksgiving.
The dinner, which is in three shifts,
starts at 5 p.m. Thursday. A corps of
Stanford women who volunteered
through the Y is helping with dec
orations.
The Palo Alto Red Cross Camp and
Hospital Service is decorating the
tables in Encina and Branner Halls
for the soldiers for Thanksgiving.
The dinner, which is in three shifts,
starts at 5 p.m. Thursday. A corps of
Stanford women who volunteered
through the Y is helping with dec
orations.
The Palo Alto Red Cross Camp and
Hospital Service is decorating the
tables in Encina and Branner Halls
for the soldiers for Thanksgiving.
The dinner, which is in three shifts,
starts at 5 p.m. Thursday. A corps of
Stanford women who volunteered
through the Y is helping with dec
orations.
The Palo Alto Red Cross Camp and
Hospital Service is decorating the
tables in Encina and Branner Halls
for the soldiers for Thanksgiving.
The dinner, which is in three shifts,
starts at 5 p.m. Thursday. A corps of
Stanford women who volunteered
through the Y is helping with dec
orations.
The Palo Alto Red Cross Camp and
Hospital Service is decorating the
tables in Encina and Branner Halls
for the soldiers for Thanksgiving.
The dinner, which is in three shifts,
starts at 5 p.m. Thursday. A corps of
Stanford women who volunteered
through the Y is helping with dec
orations.
The Palo Alto Red Cross Camp and
Hospital Service is decorating the
tables in Encina and Branner Halls
for the soldiers for Thanksgiving.
The dinner, which is in three shifts,
starts at 5 p.m. Thursday. A corps of
Stanford women who volunteered
through the Y is helping with dec
orations.
The Palo Alto Red Cross Camp and
Hospital Service is decorating the
tables in Encina and Branner Halls
for the soldiers for Thanksgiving.
The dinner, which is in three shifts,
starts at 5 p.m. Thursday. A corps of
Stanford women who volunteered
through the Y is helping with dec
orations.
The Palo Alto Red Cross Camp and
Hospital Service is decorating the
tables in Encina and Branner Halls
for the soldiers for Thanksgiving.
The dinner, which is in three shifts,
starts at 5 p.m. Thursday. A corps of
Stanford women who volunteered
through the Y is helping with dec
orations.
The Palo Alto Red Cross Camp and
Hospital Service is decorating the
tables in Encina and Branner Halls
for the soldiers for Thanksgiving.
The dinner, which is in three shifts,
starts at 5 p.m. Thursday. A corps of
Stanford women who volunteered
through the Y is helping with dec
orations.
The Palo Alto Red Cross Camp and
Hospital Service is decorating the
tables in Encina and Branner Halls
for the soldiers for Thanksgiving.
The dinner, which is in three shifts,
starts at 5 p.m. Thursday. A corps of
Stanford women who volunteered
through the Y is helping with dec
orations.
The Palo Alto Red Cross Camp and
Hospital Service is decorating the
tables in Encina and Branner Halls
for the soldiers for Thanksgiving.
The dinner, which is in three shifts,
starts at 5 p.m. Thursday. A corps of
Stanford women who volunteered
through the Y is helping with dec
orations.
The Palo Alto Red Cross Camp and
Hospital Service is decorating the
tables in Encina and Branner Halls
for the soldiers for Thanksgiving.
The dinner, which is in three shifts,
starts at 5 p.m. Thursday. A corps of
Stanford women who volunteered
through the Y is helping with dec
orations.
The Palo Alto Red Cross Camp and
Hospital Service is decorating the
tables in Encina and Branner Halls
for the soldiers for Thanksgiving.
The dinner, which is in three shifts,
starts at 5 p.m. Thursday. A corps of
Stanford women who volunteered
through the Y is helping with dec
orations.
The Palo Alto Red Cross Camp and
Hospital Service is decorating the
tables in Encina and Branner Halls
for the soldiers for Thanksgiving.
The dinner, which is in three shifts,
starts at 5 p.m. Thursday. A corps of
Stanford women who volunteered
through the Y is helping with dec
orations.
