# Thursday Stamp Sales Announced
## 
### 
Joan Hall, in charge of war stamp
sales in the living groups, has an
nounced the results of last Thurs
day's Stamp Day.
Alpha Phi, Tri Delt, Gamma Phi,
Kappa, and Pi Phi contributed 100
per cent. Hawthorne went 70 per
cent. In Lagunita, Adelfa went 76
per cent, Granada 84 per cent, Na
ranja 90.5 per cent, Olivo 82 per
cent, Eucalypto 74 per ccnt, and
Magnolia 50 per cent.
Joan Hall, in charge of war stamp
sales in the living groups, has an
nounced the results of last Thurs
day's Stamp Day.
Alpha Phi, Tri Delt, Gamma Phi,
Kappa, and Pi Phi contributed 100
per cent. Hawthorne went 70 per
cent. In Lagunita, Adelfa went 76
per cent, Granada 84 per cent, Na
ranja 90.5 per cent, Olivo 82 per
cent, Eucalypto 74 per ccnt, and
Magnolia 50 per cent.
Joan Hall, in charge of war stamp
sales in the living groups, has an
nounced the results of last Thurs
day's Stamp Day.
Alpha Phi, Tri Delt, Gamma Phi,
Kappa, and Pi Phi contributed 100
per cent. Hawthorne went 70 per
cent. In Lagunita, Adelfa went 76
per cent, Granada 84 per cent, Na
ranja 90.5 per cent, Olivo 82 per
cent, Eucalypto 74 per ccnt, and
Magnolia 50 per cent.
Joan Hall, in charge of war stamp
sales in the living groups, has an
nounced the results of last Thurs
day's Stamp Day.
Alpha Phi, Tri Delt, Gamma Phi,
Kappa, and Pi Phi contributed 100
per cent. Hawthorne went 70 per
cent. In Lagunita, Adelfa went 76
per cent, Granada 84 per cent, Na
ranja 90.5 per cent, Olivo 82 per
cent, Eucalypto 74 per ccnt, and
Magnolia 50 per cent.
Joan Hall, in charge of war stamp
sales in the living groups, has an
nounced the results of last Thurs
day's Stamp Day.
Alpha Phi, Tri Delt, Gamma Phi,
Kappa, and Pi Phi contributed 100
per cent. Hawthorne went 70 per
cent. In Lagunita, Adelfa went 76
per cent, Granada 84 per cent, Na
ranja 90.5 per cent, Olivo 82 per
cent, Eucalypto 74 per ccnt, and
Magnolia 50 per cent.
Joan Hall, in charge of war stamp
sales in the living groups, has an
nounced the results of last Thurs
day's Stamp Day.
Alpha Phi, Tri Delt, Gamma Phi,
Kappa, and Pi Phi contributed 100
per cent. Hawthorne went 70 per
cent. In Lagunita, Adelfa went 76
per cent, Granada 84 per cent, Na
ranja 90.5 per cent, Olivo 82 per
cent, Eucalypto 74 per ccnt, and
Magnolia 50 per cent.
Joan Hall, in charge of war stamp
sales in the living groups, has an
nounced the results of last Thurs
day's Stamp Day.
Alpha Phi, Tri Delt, Gamma Phi,
Kappa, and Pi Phi contributed 100
per cent. Hawthorne went 70 per
cent. In Lagunita, Adelfa went 76
per cent, Granada 84 per cent, Na
ranja 90.5 per cent, Olivo 82 per
cent, Eucalypto 74 per ccnt, and
Magnolia 50 per cent.
Joan Hall, in charge of war stamp
sales in the living groups, has an
nounced the results of last Thurs
day's Stamp Day.
Alpha Phi, Tri Delt, Gamma Phi,
Kappa, and Pi Phi contributed 100
per cent. Hawthorne went 70 per
cent. In Lagunita, Adelfa went 76
per cent, Granada 84 per cent, Na
ranja 90.5 per cent, Olivo 82 per
cent, Eucalypto 74 per ccnt, and
Magnolia 50 per cent.
Joan Hall, in charge of war stamp
sales in the living groups, has an
nounced the results of last Thurs
day's Stamp Day.
Alpha Phi, Tri Delt, Gamma Phi,
Kappa, and Pi Phi contributed 100
per cent. Hawthorne went 70 per
cent. In Lagunita, Adelfa went 76
per cent, Granada 84 per cent, Na
ranja 90.5 per cent, Olivo 82 per
cent, Eucalypto 74 per ccnt, and
Magnolia 50 per cent.
Joan Hall, in charge of war stamp
sales in the living groups, has an
nounced the results of last Thurs
day's Stamp Day.
Alpha Phi, Tri Delt, Gamma Phi,
Kappa, and Pi Phi contributed 100
per cent. Hawthorne went 70 per
cent. In Lagunita, Adelfa went 76
per cent, Granada 84 per cent, Na
ranja 90.5 per cent, Olivo 82 per
cent, Eucalypto 74 per ccnt, and
Magnolia 50 per cent.
Joan Hall, in charge of war stamp
sales in the living groups, has an
nounced the results of last Thurs
day's Stamp Day.
Alpha Phi, Tri Delt, Gamma Phi,
Kappa, and Pi Phi contributed 100
per cent. Hawthorne went 70 per
cent. In Lagunita, Adelfa went 76
per cent, Granada 84 per cent, Na
ranja 90.5 per cent, Olivo 82 per
cent, Eucalypto 74 per ccnt, and
Magnolia 50 per cent.
Joan Hall, in charge of war stamp
sales in the living groups, has an
nounced the results of last Thurs
day's Stamp Day.
Alpha Phi, Tri Delt, Gamma Phi,
Kappa, and Pi Phi contributed 100
per cent. Hawthorne went 70 per
cent. In Lagunita, Adelfa went 76
per cent, Granada 84 per cent, Na
ranja 90.5 per cent, Olivo 82 per
cent, Eucalypto 74 per ccnt, and
Magnolia 50 per cent.
Joan Hall, in charge of war stamp
sales in the living groups, has an
nounced the results of last Thurs
day's Stamp Day.
Alpha Phi, Tri Delt, Gamma Phi,
Kappa, and Pi Phi contributed 100
per cent. Hawthorne went 70 per
cent. In Lagunita, Adelfa went 76
per cent, Granada 84 per cent, Na
ranja 90.5 per cent, Olivo 82 per
cent, Eucalypto 74 per ccnt, and
Magnolia 50 per cent.
Joan Hall, in charge of war stamp
sales in the living groups, has an
nounced the results of last Thurs
day's Stamp Day.
Alpha Phi, Tri Delt, Gamma Phi,
Kappa, and Pi Phi contributed 100
per cent. Hawthorne went 70 per
cent. In Lagunita, Adelfa went 76
per cent, Granada 84 per cent, Na
ranja 90.5 per cent, Olivo 82 per
cent, Eucalypto 74 per ccnt, and
Magnolia 50 per cent.
Joan Hall, in charge of war stamp
sales in the living groups, has an
nounced the results of last Thurs
day's Stamp Day.
Alpha Phi, Tri Delt, Gamma Phi,
Kappa, and Pi Phi contributed 100
per cent. Hawthorne went 70 per
cent. In Lagunita, Adelfa went 76
per cent, Granada 84 per cent, Na
ranja 90.5 per cent, Olivo 82 per
cent, Eucalypto 74 per ccnt, and
Magnolia 50 per cent.
Joan Hall, in charge of war stamp
sales in the living groups, has an
nounced the results of last Thurs
day's Stamp Day.
Alpha Phi, Tri Delt, Gamma Phi,
Kappa, and Pi Phi contributed 100
per cent. Hawthorne went 70 per
cent. In Lagunita, Adelfa went 76
per cent, Granada 84 per cent, Na
ranja 90.5 per cent, Olivo 82 per
cent, Eucalypto 74 per ccnt, and
Magnolia 50 per cent.
Joan Hall, in charge of war stamp
sales in the living groups, has an
nounced the results of last Thurs
day's Stamp Day.
Alpha Phi, Tri Delt, Gamma Phi,
Kappa, and Pi Phi contributed 100
per cent. Hawthorne went 70 per
cent. In Lagunita, Adelfa went 76
per cent, Granada 84 per cent, Na
ranja 90.5 per cent, Olivo 82 per
cent, Eucalypto 74 per ccnt, and
Magnolia 50 per cent.
