# Untitled Article
## 
### 
At the present annual rate of
blood donations to the Red Cross,
the blood donated in a year's time
would fill a 50-car train of large
railway tank cars.
At the present annual rate of
blood donations to the Red Cross,
the blood donated in a year's time
would fill a 50-car train of large
railway tank cars.
At the present annual rate of
blood donations to the Red Cross,
the blood donated in a year's time
would fill a 50-car train of large
railway tank cars.
At the present annual rate of
blood donations to the Red Cross,
the blood donated in a year's time
would fill a 50-car train of large
railway tank cars.
At the present annual rate of
blood donations to the Red Cross,
the blood donated in a year's time
would fill a 50-car train of large
railway tank cars.
At the present annual rate of
blood donations to the Red Cross,
the blood donated in a year's time
would fill a 50-car train of large
railway tank cars.
At the present annual rate of
blood donations to the Red Cross,
the blood donated in a year's time
would fill a 50-car train of large
railway tank cars.
At the present annual rate of
blood donations to the Red Cross,
the blood donated in a year's time
would fill a 50-car train of large
railway tank cars.
At the present annual rate of
blood donations to the Red Cross,
the blood donated in a year's time
would fill a 50-car train of large
railway tank cars.
At the present annual rate of
blood donations to the Red Cross,
the blood donated in a year's time
would fill a 50-car train of large
railway tank cars.
At the present annual rate of
blood donations to the Red Cross,
the blood donated in a year's time
would fill a 50-car train of large
railway tank cars.
At the present annual rate of
blood donations to the Red Cross,
the blood donated in a year's time
would fill a 50-car train of large
railway tank cars.
At the present annual rate of
blood donations to the Red Cross,
the blood donated in a year's time
would fill a 50-car train of large
railway tank cars.
At the present annual rate of
blood donations to the Red Cross,
the blood donated in a year's time
would fill a 50-car train of large
railway tank cars.
At the present annual rate of
blood donations to the Red Cross,
the blood donated in a year's time
would fill a 50-car train of large
railway tank cars.
At the present annual rate of
blood donations to the Red Cross,
the blood donated in a year's time
would fill a 50-car train of large
railway tank cars.
At the present annual rate of
blood donations to the Red Cross,
the blood donated in a year's time
would fill a 50-car train of large
railway tank cars.
