# Stanford Girls Asked To Aid Girl Scouts
## 
### 
The Palo Alto Girl Scouts are
holding a treasure hunt Nov. 2(5
from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Girl
Scout House. Seventy-five Stan
ford girls have been helping with
the scouts this quarter and if any
of these could help with the games
and treasure hunt on Friday, they
should phone the Girl Scout House.
P.A. 6332, tomorrow. Everyone is
to bring her own lunch.
The Palo Alto Girl Scouts are
holding a treasure hunt Nov. 2(5
from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Girl
Scout House. Seventy-five Stan
ford girls have been helping with
the scouts this quarter and if any
of these could help with the games
and treasure hunt on Friday, they
should phone the Girl Scout House.
P.A. 6332, tomorrow. Everyone is
to bring her own lunch.
The Palo Alto Girl Scouts are
holding a treasure hunt Nov. 2(5
from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Girl
Scout House. Seventy-five Stan
ford girls have been helping with
the scouts this quarter and if any
of these could help with the games
and treasure hunt on Friday, they
should phone the Girl Scout House.
P.A. 6332, tomorrow. Everyone is
to bring her own lunch.
The Palo Alto Girl Scouts are
holding a treasure hunt Nov. 2(5
from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Girl
Scout House. Seventy-five Stan
ford girls have been helping with
the scouts this quarter and if any
of these could help with the games
and treasure hunt on Friday, they
should phone the Girl Scout House.
P.A. 6332, tomorrow. Everyone is
to bring her own lunch.
The Palo Alto Girl Scouts are
holding a treasure hunt Nov. 2(5
from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Girl
Scout House. Seventy-five Stan
ford girls have been helping with
the scouts this quarter and if any
of these could help with the games
and treasure hunt on Friday, they
should phone the Girl Scout House.
P.A. 6332, tomorrow. Everyone is
to bring her own lunch.
The Palo Alto Girl Scouts are
holding a treasure hunt Nov. 2(5
from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Girl
Scout House. Seventy-five Stan
ford girls have been helping with
the scouts this quarter and if any
of these could help with the games
and treasure hunt on Friday, they
should phone the Girl Scout House.
P.A. 6332, tomorrow. Everyone is
to bring her own lunch.
The Palo Alto Girl Scouts are
holding a treasure hunt Nov. 2(5
from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Girl
Scout House. Seventy-five Stan
ford girls have been helping with
the scouts this quarter and if any
of these could help with the games
and treasure hunt on Friday, they
should phone the Girl Scout House.
P.A. 6332, tomorrow. Everyone is
to bring her own lunch.
The Palo Alto Girl Scouts are
holding a treasure hunt Nov. 2(5
from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Girl
Scout House. Seventy-five Stan
ford girls have been helping with
the scouts this quarter and if any
of these could help with the games
and treasure hunt on Friday, they
should phone the Girl Scout House.
P.A. 6332, tomorrow. Everyone is
to bring her own lunch.
The Palo Alto Girl Scouts are
holding a treasure hunt Nov. 2(5
from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Girl
Scout House. Seventy-five Stan
ford girls have been helping with
the scouts this quarter and if any
of these could help with the games
and treasure hunt on Friday, they
should phone the Girl Scout House.
P.A. 6332, tomorrow. Everyone is
to bring her own lunch.
The Palo Alto Girl Scouts are
holding a treasure hunt Nov. 2(5
from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Girl
Scout House. Seventy-five Stan
ford girls have been helping with
the scouts this quarter and if any
of these could help with the games
and treasure hunt on Friday, they
should phone the Girl Scout House.
P.A. 6332, tomorrow. Everyone is
to bring her own lunch.
The Palo Alto Girl Scouts are
holding a treasure hunt Nov. 2(5
from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Girl
Scout House. Seventy-five Stan
ford girls have been helping with
the scouts this quarter and if any
of these could help with the games
and treasure hunt on Friday, they
should phone the Girl Scout House.
P.A. 6332, tomorrow. Everyone is
to bring her own lunch.
The Palo Alto Girl Scouts are
holding a treasure hunt Nov. 2(5
from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Girl
Scout House. Seventy-five Stan
ford girls have been helping with
the scouts this quarter and if any
of these could help with the games
and treasure hunt on Friday, they
should phone the Girl Scout House.
P.A. 6332, tomorrow. Everyone is
to bring her own lunch.
The Palo Alto Girl Scouts are
holding a treasure hunt Nov. 2(5
from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Girl
Scout House. Seventy-five Stan
ford girls have been helping with
the scouts this quarter and if any
of these could help with the games
and treasure hunt on Friday, they
should phone the Girl Scout House.
P.A. 6332, tomorrow. Everyone is
to bring her own lunch.
The Palo Alto Girl Scouts are
holding a treasure hunt Nov. 2(5
from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Girl
Scout House. Seventy-five Stan
ford girls have been helping with
the scouts this quarter and if any
of these could help with the games
and treasure hunt on Friday, they
should phone the Girl Scout House.
P.A. 6332, tomorrow. Everyone is
to bring her own lunch.
The Palo Alto Girl Scouts are
holding a treasure hunt Nov. 2(5
from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Girl
Scout House. Seventy-five Stan
ford girls have been helping with
the scouts this quarter and if any
of these could help with the games
and treasure hunt on Friday, they
should phone the Girl Scout House.
P.A. 6332, tomorrow. Everyone is
to bring her own lunch.
The Palo Alto Girl Scouts are
holding a treasure hunt Nov. 2(5
from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Girl
Scout House. Seventy-five Stan
ford girls have been helping with
the scouts this quarter and if any
of these could help with the games
and treasure hunt on Friday, they
should phone the Girl Scout House.
P.A. 6332, tomorrow. Everyone is
to bring her own lunch.
The Palo Alto Girl Scouts are
holding a treasure hunt Nov. 2(5
from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Girl
Scout House. Seventy-five Stan
ford girls have been helping with
the scouts this quarter and if any
of these could help with the games
and treasure hunt on Friday, they
should phone the Girl Scout House.
P.A. 6332, tomorrow. Everyone is
to bring her own lunch.
