# What Next?
## 
### 
HOW can our country expect
to win the war if we cannot
'rust the officials who are sup
posed to be conducting it? If
he charges brought against
Lieut. Comdr. Aroff in San
Francisco are found to be true,
the whole story will not only
kook bad in this country, but
:hink of the great delight Axis
powers will have in telling their
citizens about what is happen
ing in the United States.
In the last war profiteering by
munitions companies ran ram
pant, but at the present much of
hose profits will be absorbed
by government excess profits
'axes. But, according to the
charges, Aroff devised a method
which included personal gifts
from the young men whom he
helped to obtain navy commis
sions. Several of these new of
ficers were recent Stanford
graduates.
It doesn't seem possible that
i person would run the risk of
geting his name involved in
.such scandalous charges as
hose confronting Aroff. But
apparently, from the looks of
evidence presented to date,
which is all we have to rely
ipon, he didn't worry too much
ibout the consequences; in
'act, he didn't even try to be
secret about his requests for
presents."
The investigation, which is
low being conducted in San
Francisco, has brought many in
eresting facts to light and
probably will reveal many more
aefore the conclusion of the
:rial. If found guilty, Aroff
should be punished to the full
extent of the law and be held
jp before the country as an ex
ample of the type of man we
don't want in important govern
ment positions.
More power to the Betas who
ire giving a dance in their
chapter house Saturday night.
The more of these on-campus
dances the better.
HOW can our country expect
to win the war if we cannot
'rust the officials who are sup
posed to be conducting it? If
he charges brought against
Lieut. Comdr. Aroff in San
Francisco are found to be true,
the whole story will not only
kook bad in this country, but
:hink of the great delight Axis
powers will have in telling their
citizens about what is happen
ing in the United States.
In the last war profiteering by
munitions companies ran ram
pant, but at the present much of
hose profits will be absorbed
by government excess profits
'axes. But, according to the
charges, Aroff devised a method
which included personal gifts
from the young men whom he
helped to obtain navy commis
sions. Several of these new of
ficers were recent Stanford
graduates.
It doesn't seem possible that
i person would run the risk of
geting his name involved in
.such scandalous charges as
hose confronting Aroff. But
apparently, from the looks of
evidence presented to date,
which is all we have to rely
ipon, he didn't worry too much
ibout the consequences; in
'act, he didn't even try to be
secret about his requests for
presents."
The investigation, which is
low being conducted in San
Francisco, has brought many in
eresting facts to light and
probably will reveal many more
aefore the conclusion of the
:rial. If found guilty, Aroff
should be punished to the full
extent of the law and be held
jp before the country as an ex
ample of the type of man we
don't want in important govern
ment positions.
More power to the Betas who
ire giving a dance in their
chapter house Saturday night.
The more of these on-campus
dances the better.
HOW can our country expect
to win the war if we cannot
'rust the officials who are sup
posed to be conducting it? If
he charges brought against
Lieut. Comdr. Aroff in San
Francisco are found to be true,
the whole story will not only
kook bad in this country, but
:hink of the great delight Axis
powers will have in telling their
citizens about what is happen
ing in the United States.
In the last war profiteering by
munitions companies ran ram
pant, but at the present much of
hose profits will be absorbed
by government excess profits
'axes. But, according to the
charges, Aroff devised a method
which included personal gifts
from the young men whom he
helped to obtain navy commis
sions. Several of these new of
ficers were recent Stanford
graduates.
It doesn't seem possible that
i person would run the risk of
geting his name involved in
.such scandalous charges as
hose confronting Aroff. But
apparently, from the looks of
evidence presented to date,
which is all we have to rely
ipon, he didn't worry too much
ibout the consequences; in
'act, he didn't even try to be
secret about his requests for
presents."
The investigation, which is
low being conducted in San
Francisco, has brought many in
eresting facts to light and
probably will reveal many more
aefore the conclusion of the
:rial. If found guilty, Aroff
should be punished to the full
extent of the law and be held
jp before the country as an ex
ample of the type of man we
don't want in important govern
ment positions.
More power to the Betas who
ire giving a dance in their
chapter house Saturday night.
The more of these on-campus
dances the better.
HOW can our country expect
to win the war if we cannot
'rust the officials who are sup
posed to be conducting it? If
he charges brought against
Lieut. Comdr. Aroff in San
Francisco are found to be true,
the whole story will not only
kook bad in this country, but
:hink of the great delight Axis
powers will have in telling their
citizens about what is happen
ing in the United States.
In the last war profiteering by
munitions companies ran ram
pant, but at the present much of
hose profits will be absorbed
by government excess profits
'axes. But, according to the
charges, Aroff devised a method
which included personal gifts
from the young men whom he
helped to obtain navy commis
sions. Several of these new of
ficers were recent Stanford
graduates.
It doesn't seem possible that
i person would run the risk of
geting his name involved in
.such scandalous charges as
hose confronting Aroff. But
apparently, from the looks of
evidence presented to date,
which is all we have to rely
ipon, he didn't worry too much
ibout the consequences; in
'act, he didn't even try to be
secret about his requests for
presents."
The investigation, which is
low being conducted in San
Francisco, has brought many in
eresting facts to light and
probably will reveal many more
aefore the conclusion of the
:rial. If found guilty, Aroff
should be punished to the full
extent of the law and be held
jp before the country as an ex
ample of the type of man we
don't want in important govern
ment positions.
More power to the Betas who
ire giving a dance in their
chapter house Saturday night.
The more of these on-campus
dances the better.
HOW can our country expect
to win the war if we cannot
'rust the officials who are sup
posed to be conducting it? If
he charges brought against
Lieut. Comdr. Aroff in San
Francisco are found to be true,
the whole story will not only
kook bad in this country, but
:hink of the great delight Axis
powers will have in telling their
citizens about what is happen
ing in the United States.
In the last war profiteering by
munitions companies ran ram
pant, but at the present much of
hose profits will be absorbed
by government excess profits
'axes. But, according to the
charges, Aroff devised a method
which included personal gifts
from the young men whom he
helped to obtain navy commis
sions. Several of these new of
ficers were recent Stanford
graduates.
It doesn't seem possible that
i person would run the risk of
geting his name involved in
.such scandalous charges as
hose confronting Aroff. But
apparently, from the looks of
evidence presented to date,
which is all we have to rely
ipon, he didn't worry too much
ibout the consequences; in
'act, he didn't even try to be
secret about his requests for
presents."
The investigation, which is
low being conducted in San
Francisco, has brought many in
eresting facts to light and
probably will reveal many more
aefore the conclusion of the
:rial. If found guilty, Aroff
should be punished to the full
extent of the law and be held
jp before the country as an ex
ample of the type of man we
don't want in important govern
ment positions.
More power to the Betas who
ire giving a dance in their
chapter house Saturday night.
The more of these on-campus
dances the better.
HOW can our country expect
to win the war if we cannot
'rust the officials who are sup
posed to be conducting it? If
he charges brought against
Lieut. Comdr. Aroff in San
Francisco are found to be true,
the whole story will not only
kook bad in this country, but
:hink of the great delight Axis
powers will have in telling their
citizens about what is happen
ing in the United States.
In the last war profiteering by
munitions companies ran ram
pant, but at the present much of
hose profits will be absorbed
by government excess profits
'axes. But, according to the
charges, Aroff devised a method
which included personal gifts
from the young men whom he
helped to obtain navy commis
sions. Several of these new of
ficers were recent Stanford
graduates.
It doesn't seem possible that
i person would run the risk of
geting his name involved in
.such scandalous charges as
hose confronting Aroff. But
apparently, from the looks of
evidence presented to date,
which is all we have to rely
ipon, he didn't worry too much
ibout the consequences; in
'act, he didn't even try to be
secret about his requests for
presents."
The investigation, which is
low being conducted in San
Francisco, has brought many in
eresting facts to light and
probably will reveal many more
aefore the conclusion of the
:rial. If found guilty, Aroff
should be punished to the full
extent of the law and be held
jp before the country as an ex
ample of the type of man we
don't want in important govern
ment positions.
More power to the Betas who
ire giving a dance in their
chapter house Saturday night.
The more of these on-campus
dances the better.
HOW can our country expect
to win the war if we cannot
'rust the officials who are sup
posed to be conducting it? If
he charges brought against
Lieut. Comdr. Aroff in San
Francisco are found to be true,
the whole story will not only
kook bad in this country, but
:hink of the great delight Axis
powers will have in telling their
citizens about what is happen
ing in the United States.
In the last war profiteering by
munitions companies ran ram
pant, but at the present much of
hose profits will be absorbed
by government excess profits
'axes. But, according to the
charges, Aroff devised a method
which included personal gifts
from the young men whom he
helped to obtain navy commis
sions. Several of these new of
ficers were recent Stanford
graduates.
It doesn't seem possible that
i person would run the risk of
geting his name involved in
.such scandalous charges as
hose confronting Aroff. But
apparently, from the looks of
evidence presented to date,
which is all we have to rely
ipon, he didn't worry too much
ibout the consequences; in
'act, he didn't even try to be
secret about his requests for
presents."
The investigation, which is
low being conducted in San
Francisco, has brought many in
eresting facts to light and
probably will reveal many more
aefore the conclusion of the
:rial. If found guilty, Aroff
should be punished to the full
extent of the law and be held
jp before the country as an ex
ample of the type of man we
don't want in important govern
ment positions.
More power to the Betas who
ire giving a dance in their
chapter house Saturday night.
The more of these on-campus
dances the better.
HOW can our country expect
to win the war if we cannot
'rust the officials who are sup
posed to be conducting it? If
he charges brought against
Lieut. Comdr. Aroff in San
Francisco are found to be true,
the whole story will not only
kook bad in this country, but
:hink of the great delight Axis
powers will have in telling their
citizens about what is happen
ing in the United States.
In the last war profiteering by
munitions companies ran ram
pant, but at the present much of
hose profits will be absorbed
by government excess profits
'axes. But, according to the
charges, Aroff devised a method
which included personal gifts
from the young men whom he
helped to obtain navy commis
sions. Several of these new of
ficers were recent Stanford
graduates.
It doesn't seem possible that
i person would run the risk of
geting his name involved in
.such scandalous charges as
hose confronting Aroff. But
apparently, from the looks of
evidence presented to date,
which is all we have to rely
ipon, he didn't worry too much
ibout the consequences; in
'act, he didn't even try to be
secret about his requests for
presents."
The investigation, which is
low being conducted in San
Francisco, has brought many in
eresting facts to light and
probably will reveal many more
aefore the conclusion of the
:rial. If found guilty, Aroff
should be punished to the full
extent of the law and be held
jp before the country as an ex
ample of the type of man we
don't want in important govern
ment positions.
More power to the Betas who
ire giving a dance in their
chapter house Saturday night.
The more of these on-campus
dances the better.
HOW can our country expect
to win the war if we cannot
'rust the officials who are sup
posed to be conducting it? If
he charges brought against
Lieut. Comdr. Aroff in San
Francisco are found to be true,
the whole story will not only
kook bad in this country, but
:hink of the great delight Axis
powers will have in telling their
citizens about what is happen
ing in the United States.
In the last war profiteering by
munitions companies ran ram
pant, but at the present much of
hose profits will be absorbed
by government excess profits
'axes. But, according to the
charges, Aroff devised a method
which included personal gifts
from the young men whom he
helped to obtain navy commis
sions. Several of these new of
ficers were recent Stanford
graduates.
It doesn't seem possible that
i person would run the risk of
geting his name involved in
.such scandalous charges as
hose confronting Aroff. But
apparently, from the looks of
evidence presented to date,
which is all we have to rely
ipon, he didn't worry too much
ibout the consequences; in
'act, he didn't even try to be
secret about his requests for
presents."
The investigation, which is
low being conducted in San
Francisco, has brought many in
eresting facts to light and
probably will reveal many more
aefore the conclusion of the
:rial. If found guilty, Aroff
should be punished to the full
extent of the law and be held
jp before the country as an ex
ample of the type of man we
don't want in important govern
ment positions.
More power to the Betas who
ire giving a dance in their
chapter house Saturday night.
The more of these on-campus
dances the better.
HOW can our country expect
to win the war if we cannot
'rust the officials who are sup
posed to be conducting it? If
he charges brought against
Lieut. Comdr. Aroff in San
Francisco are found to be true,
the whole story will not only
kook bad in this country, but
:hink of the great delight Axis
powers will have in telling their
citizens about what is happen
ing in the United States.
In the last war profiteering by
munitions companies ran ram
pant, but at the present much of
hose profits will be absorbed
by government excess profits
'axes. But, according to the
charges, Aroff devised a method
which included personal gifts
from the young men whom he
helped to obtain navy commis
sions. Several of these new of
ficers were recent Stanford
graduates.
It doesn't seem possible that
i person would run the risk of
geting his name involved in
.such scandalous charges as
hose confronting Aroff. But
apparently, from the looks of
evidence presented to date,
which is all we have to rely
ipon, he didn't worry too much
ibout the consequences; in
'act, he didn't even try to be
secret about his requests for
presents."
The investigation, which is
low being conducted in San
Francisco, has brought many in
eresting facts to light and
probably will reveal many more
aefore the conclusion of the
:rial. If found guilty, Aroff
should be punished to the full
extent of the law and be held
jp before the country as an ex
ample of the type of man we
don't want in important govern
ment positions.
More power to the Betas who
ire giving a dance in their
chapter house Saturday night.
The more of these on-campus
dances the better.
HOW can our country expect
to win the war if we cannot
'rust the officials who are sup
posed to be conducting it? If
he charges brought against
Lieut. Comdr. Aroff in San
Francisco are found to be true,
the whole story will not only
kook bad in this country, but
:hink of the great delight Axis
powers will have in telling their
citizens about what is happen
ing in the United States.
In the last war profiteering by
munitions companies ran ram
pant, but at the present much of
hose profits will be absorbed
by government excess profits
'axes. But, according to the
charges, Aroff devised a method
which included personal gifts
from the young men whom he
helped to obtain navy commis
sions. Several of these new of
ficers were recent Stanford
graduates.
It doesn't seem possible that
i person would run the risk of
geting his name involved in
.such scandalous charges as
hose confronting Aroff. But
apparently, from the looks of
evidence presented to date,
which is all we have to rely
ipon, he didn't worry too much
ibout the consequences; in
'act, he didn't even try to be
secret about his requests for
presents."
The investigation, which is
low being conducted in San
Francisco, has brought many in
eresting facts to light and
probably will reveal many more
aefore the conclusion of the
:rial. If found guilty, Aroff
should be punished to the full
extent of the law and be held
jp before the country as an ex
ample of the type of man we
don't want in important govern
ment positions.
More power to the Betas who
ire giving a dance in their
chapter house Saturday night.
The more of these on-campus
dances the better.
HOW can our country expect
to win the war if we cannot
'rust the officials who are sup
posed to be conducting it? If
he charges brought against
Lieut. Comdr. Aroff in San
Francisco are found to be true,
the whole story will not only
kook bad in this country, but
:hink of the great delight Axis
powers will have in telling their
citizens about what is happen
ing in the United States.
In the last war profiteering by
munitions companies ran ram
pant, but at the present much of
hose profits will be absorbed
by government excess profits
'axes. But, according to the
charges, Aroff devised a method
which included personal gifts
from the young men whom he
helped to obtain navy commis
sions. Several of these new of
ficers were recent Stanford
graduates.
It doesn't seem possible that
i person would run the risk of
geting his name involved in
.such scandalous charges as
hose confronting Aroff. But
apparently, from the looks of
evidence presented to date,
which is all we have to rely
ipon, he didn't worry too much
ibout the consequences; in
'act, he didn't even try to be
secret about his requests for
presents."
The investigation, which is
low being conducted in San
Francisco, has brought many in
eresting facts to light and
probably will reveal many more
aefore the conclusion of the
:rial. If found guilty, Aroff
should be punished to the full
extent of the law and be held
jp before the country as an ex
ample of the type of man we
don't want in important govern
ment positions.
More power to the Betas who
ire giving a dance in their
chapter house Saturday night.
The more of these on-campus
dances the better.
HOW can our country expect
to win the war if we cannot
'rust the officials who are sup
posed to be conducting it? If
he charges brought against
Lieut. Comdr. Aroff in San
Francisco are found to be true,
the whole story will not only
kook bad in this country, but
:hink of the great delight Axis
powers will have in telling their
citizens about what is happen
ing in the United States.
In the last war profiteering by
munitions companies ran ram
pant, but at the present much of
hose profits will be absorbed
by government excess profits
'axes. But, according to the
charges, Aroff devised a method
which included personal gifts
from the young men whom he
helped to obtain navy commis
sions. Several of these new of
ficers were recent Stanford
graduates.
It doesn't seem possible that
i person would run the risk of
geting his name involved in
.such scandalous charges as
hose confronting Aroff. But
apparently, from the looks of
evidence presented to date,
which is all we have to rely
ipon, he didn't worry too much
ibout the consequences; in
'act, he didn't even try to be
secret about his requests for
presents."
The investigation, which is
low being conducted in San
Francisco, has brought many in
eresting facts to light and
probably will reveal many more
aefore the conclusion of the
:rial. If found guilty, Aroff
should be punished to the full
extent of the law and be held
jp before the country as an ex
ample of the type of man we
don't want in important govern
ment positions.
More power to the Betas who
ire giving a dance in their
chapter house Saturday night.
The more of these on-campus
dances the better.
HOW can our country expect
to win the war if we cannot
'rust the officials who are sup
posed to be conducting it? If
he charges brought against
Lieut. Comdr. Aroff in San
Francisco are found to be true,
the whole story will not only
kook bad in this country, but
:hink of the great delight Axis
powers will have in telling their
citizens about what is happen
ing in the United States.
In the last war profiteering by
munitions companies ran ram
pant, but at the present much of
hose profits will be absorbed
by government excess profits
'axes. But, according to the
charges, Aroff devised a method
which included personal gifts
from the young men whom he
helped to obtain navy commis
sions. Several of these new of
ficers were recent Stanford
graduates.
It doesn't seem possible that
i person would run the risk of
geting his name involved in
.such scandalous charges as
hose confronting Aroff. But
apparently, from the looks of
evidence presented to date,
which is all we have to rely
ipon, he didn't worry too much
ibout the consequences; in
'act, he didn't even try to be
secret about his requests for
presents."
The investigation, which is
low being conducted in San
Francisco, has brought many in
eresting facts to light and
probably will reveal many more
aefore the conclusion of the
:rial. If found guilty, Aroff
should be punished to the full
extent of the law and be held
jp before the country as an ex
ample of the type of man we
don't want in important govern
ment positions.
More power to the Betas who
ire giving a dance in their
chapter house Saturday night.
The more of these on-campus
dances the better.
HOW can our country expect
to win the war if we cannot
'rust the officials who are sup
posed to be conducting it? If
he charges brought against
Lieut. Comdr. Aroff in San
Francisco are found to be true,
the whole story will not only
kook bad in this country, but
:hink of the great delight Axis
powers will have in telling their
citizens about what is happen
ing in the United States.
In the last war profiteering by
munitions companies ran ram
pant, but at the present much of
hose profits will be absorbed
by government excess profits
'axes. But, according to the
charges, Aroff devised a method
which included personal gifts
from the young men whom he
helped to obtain navy commis
sions. Several of these new of
ficers were recent Stanford
graduates.
It doesn't seem possible that
i person would run the risk of
geting his name involved in
.such scandalous charges as
hose confronting Aroff. But
apparently, from the looks of
evidence presented to date,
which is all we have to rely
ipon, he didn't worry too much
ibout the consequences; in
'act, he didn't even try to be
secret about his requests for
presents."
The investigation, which is
low being conducted in San
Francisco, has brought many in
eresting facts to light and
probably will reveal many more
aefore the conclusion of the
:rial. If found guilty, Aroff
should be punished to the full
extent of the law and be held
jp before the country as an ex
ample of the type of man we
don't want in important govern
ment positions.
More power to the Betas who
ire giving a dance in their
chapter house Saturday night.
The more of these on-campus
dances the better.
HOW can our country expect
to win the war if we cannot
'rust the officials who are sup
posed to be conducting it? If
he charges brought against
Lieut. Comdr. Aroff in San
Francisco are found to be true,
the whole story will not only
kook bad in this country, but
:hink of the great delight Axis
powers will have in telling their
citizens about what is happen
ing in the United States.
In the last war profiteering by
munitions companies ran ram
pant, but at the present much of
hose profits will be absorbed
by government excess profits
'axes. But, according to the
charges, Aroff devised a method
which included personal gifts
from the young men whom he
helped to obtain navy commis
sions. Several of these new of
ficers were recent Stanford
graduates.
It doesn't seem possible that
i person would run the risk of
geting his name involved in
.such scandalous charges as
hose confronting Aroff. But
apparently, from the looks of
evidence presented to date,
which is all we have to rely
ipon, he didn't worry too much
ibout the consequences; in
'act, he didn't even try to be
secret about his requests for
presents."
The investigation, which is
low being conducted in San
Francisco, has brought many in
eresting facts to light and
probably will reveal many more
aefore the conclusion of the
:rial. If found guilty, Aroff
should be punished to the full
extent of the law and be held
jp before the country as an ex
ample of the type of man we
don't want in important govern
ment positions.
More power to the Betas who
ire giving a dance in their
chapter house Saturday night.
The more of these on-campus
dances the better.
HOW can our country expect
to win the war if we cannot
'rust the officials who are sup
posed to be conducting it? If
he charges brought against
Lieut. Comdr. Aroff in San
Francisco are found to be true,
the whole story will not only
kook bad in this country, but
:hink of the great delight Axis
powers will have in telling their
citizens about what is happen
ing in the United States.
In the last war profiteering by
munitions companies ran ram
pant, but at the present much of
hose profits will be absorbed
by government excess profits
'axes. But, according to the
charges, Aroff devised a method
which included personal gifts
from the young men whom he
helped to obtain navy commis
sions. Several of these new of
ficers were recent Stanford
graduates.
It doesn't seem possible that
i person would run the risk of
geting his name involved in
.such scandalous charges as
hose confronting Aroff. But
apparently, from the looks of
evidence presented to date,
which is all we have to rely
ipon, he didn't worry too much
ibout the consequences; in
'act, he didn't even try to be
secret about his requests for
presents."
The investigation, which is
low being conducted in San
Francisco, has brought many in
eresting facts to light and
probably will reveal many more
aefore the conclusion of the
:rial. If found guilty, Aroff
should be punished to the full
extent of the law and be held
jp before the country as an ex
ample of the type of man we
don't want in important govern
ment positions.
More power to the Betas who
ire giving a dance in their
chapter house Saturday night.
The more of these on-campus
dances the better.
