# Briefly
## 
### 
Provost search
Students interested in serving on an
advisory committee to aid in the search
for a new University provost should
come to the ASSU offices in Tresidder
tomorrow at 4 p.m. The committee will
solicit student opinions to advise the
two student members on the University
search committee.
Provost search
Students interested in serving on an
advisory committee to aid in the search
for a new University provost should
come to the ASSU offices in Tresidder
tomorrow at 4 p.m. The committee will
solicit student opinions to advise the
two student members on the University
search committee.
Provost search
Students interested in serving on an
advisory committee to aid in the search
for a new University provost should
come to the ASSU offices in Tresidder
tomorrow at 4 p.m. The committee will
solicit student opinions to advise the
two student members on the University
search committee.
Provost search
Students interested in serving on an
advisory committee to aid in the search
for a new University provost should
come to the ASSU offices in Tresidder
tomorrow at 4 p.m. The committee will
solicit student opinions to advise the
two student members on the University
search committee.
Provost search
Students interested in serving on an
advisory committee to aid in the search
for a new University provost should
come to the ASSU offices in Tresidder
tomorrow at 4 p.m. The committee will
solicit student opinions to advise the
two student members on the University
search committee.
Provost search
Students interested in serving on an
advisory committee to aid in the search
for a new University provost should
come to the ASSU offices in Tresidder
tomorrow at 4 p.m. The committee will
solicit student opinions to advise the
two student members on the University
search committee.
Provost search
Students interested in serving on an
advisory committee to aid in the search
for a new University provost should
come to the ASSU offices in Tresidder
tomorrow at 4 p.m. The committee will
solicit student opinions to advise the
two student members on the University
search committee.
Provost search
Students interested in serving on an
advisory committee to aid in the search
for a new University provost should
come to the ASSU offices in Tresidder
tomorrow at 4 p.m. The committee will
solicit student opinions to advise the
two student members on the University
search committee.
Provost search
Students interested in serving on an
advisory committee to aid in the search
for a new University provost should
come to the ASSU offices in Tresidder
tomorrow at 4 p.m. The committee will
solicit student opinions to advise the
two student members on the University
search committee.
Provost search
Students interested in serving on an
advisory committee to aid in the search
for a new University provost should
come to the ASSU offices in Tresidder
tomorrow at 4 p.m. The committee will
solicit student opinions to advise the
two student members on the University
search committee.
