# ON HIS MARK FOR OLYMPIC TRIALS
## 
### 

Orval Martin, former Purdue university middle-distance star, is
shown training for the coming Olympic games, in which he hopes to
qualify as an entry of the Los Angeles Athletic club.

Orval Martin, former Purdue university middle-distance star, is
shown training for the coming Olympic games, in which he hopes to
qualify as an entry of the Los Angeles Athletic club.

Orval Martin, former Purdue university middle-distance star, is
shown training for the coming Olympic games, in which he hopes to
qualify as an entry of the Los Angeles Athletic club.

Orval Martin, former Purdue university middle-distance star, is
shown training for the coming Olympic games, in which he hopes to
qualify as an entry of the Los Angeles Athletic club.

Orval Martin, former Purdue university middle-distance star, is
shown training for the coming Olympic games, in which he hopes to
qualify as an entry of the Los Angeles Athletic club.

Orval Martin, former Purdue university middle-distance star, is
shown training for the coming Olympic games, in which he hopes to
qualify as an entry of the Los Angeles Athletic club.

Orval Martin, former Purdue university middle-distance star, is
shown training for the coming Olympic games, in which he hopes to
qualify as an entry of the Los Angeles Athletic club.

Orval Martin, former Purdue university middle-distance star, is
shown training for the coming Olympic games, in which he hopes to
qualify as an entry of the Los Angeles Athletic club.

Orval Martin, former Purdue university middle-distance star, is
shown training for the coming Olympic games, in which he hopes to
qualify as an entry of the Los Angeles Athletic club.

Orval Martin, former Purdue university middle-distance star, is
shown training for the coming Olympic games, in which he hopes to
qualify as an entry of the Los Angeles Athletic club.

Orval Martin, former Purdue university middle-distance star, is
shown training for the coming Olympic games, in which he hopes to
qualify as an entry of the Los Angeles Athletic club.

Orval Martin, former Purdue university middle-distance star, is
shown training for the coming Olympic games, in which he hopes to
qualify as an entry of the Los Angeles Athletic club.

Orval Martin, former Purdue university middle-distance star, is
shown training for the coming Olympic games, in which he hopes to
qualify as an entry of the Los Angeles Athletic club.

Orval Martin, former Purdue university middle-distance star, is
shown training for the coming Olympic games, in which he hopes to
qualify as an entry of the Los Angeles Athletic club.
