# COUNCIL COLLECTS $23 FROM STUDENT TRAFFIC VIOLATORS
## 
### 
Men's Council yesterday collected
a total of S2H from ten campus traf
fic regulation violators. Six men
face a double fine for failure to ap
pear at the session. Violators are
advised by the Council to attend
the meeting of the court on the
Thursday following the receipt of
their tags.
Paul Burks was fined $10 for
speeding on Palm Drive and John
Purcell paid $5 for the same of
fense. The following were fined one
dollar each for various parking vio
lations: James Bunyan, Roy Jas
tram, Elizabeth Brown, Richard
Benjamin Strouse, Joe Garcia, Wil
liam Krumbein, James Tupper, and
Albert Thompson.
The men who did not put in an
appearance at the meeting were:
Malcolm Campbell, Julian Hart, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, Leland Chapin,
Charles Bates, and Roland Gray, Jr.
Men's Council yesterday collected
a total of S2H from ten campus traf
fic regulation violators. Six men
face a double fine for failure to ap
pear at the session. Violators are
advised by the Council to attend
the meeting of the court on the
Thursday following the receipt of
their tags.
Paul Burks was fined $10 for
speeding on Palm Drive and John
Purcell paid $5 for the same of
fense. The following were fined one
dollar each for various parking vio
lations: James Bunyan, Roy Jas
tram, Elizabeth Brown, Richard
Benjamin Strouse, Joe Garcia, Wil
liam Krumbein, James Tupper, and
Albert Thompson.
The men who did not put in an
appearance at the meeting were:
Malcolm Campbell, Julian Hart, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, Leland Chapin,
Charles Bates, and Roland Gray, Jr.
Men's Council yesterday collected
a total of S2H from ten campus traf
fic regulation violators. Six men
face a double fine for failure to ap
pear at the session. Violators are
advised by the Council to attend
the meeting of the court on the
Thursday following the receipt of
their tags.
Paul Burks was fined $10 for
speeding on Palm Drive and John
Purcell paid $5 for the same of
fense. The following were fined one
dollar each for various parking vio
lations: James Bunyan, Roy Jas
tram, Elizabeth Brown, Richard
Benjamin Strouse, Joe Garcia, Wil
liam Krumbein, James Tupper, and
Albert Thompson.
The men who did not put in an
appearance at the meeting were:
Malcolm Campbell, Julian Hart, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, Leland Chapin,
Charles Bates, and Roland Gray, Jr.
Men's Council yesterday collected
a total of S2H from ten campus traf
fic regulation violators. Six men
face a double fine for failure to ap
pear at the session. Violators are
advised by the Council to attend
the meeting of the court on the
Thursday following the receipt of
their tags.
Paul Burks was fined $10 for
speeding on Palm Drive and John
Purcell paid $5 for the same of
fense. The following were fined one
dollar each for various parking vio
lations: James Bunyan, Roy Jas
tram, Elizabeth Brown, Richard
Benjamin Strouse, Joe Garcia, Wil
liam Krumbein, James Tupper, and
Albert Thompson.
The men who did not put in an
appearance at the meeting were:
Malcolm Campbell, Julian Hart, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, Leland Chapin,
Charles Bates, and Roland Gray, Jr.
Men's Council yesterday collected
a total of S2H from ten campus traf
fic regulation violators. Six men
face a double fine for failure to ap
pear at the session. Violators are
advised by the Council to attend
the meeting of the court on the
Thursday following the receipt of
their tags.
Paul Burks was fined $10 for
speeding on Palm Drive and John
Purcell paid $5 for the same of
fense. The following were fined one
dollar each for various parking vio
lations: James Bunyan, Roy Jas
tram, Elizabeth Brown, Richard
Benjamin Strouse, Joe Garcia, Wil
liam Krumbein, James Tupper, and
Albert Thompson.
The men who did not put in an
appearance at the meeting were:
Malcolm Campbell, Julian Hart, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, Leland Chapin,
Charles Bates, and Roland Gray, Jr.
Men's Council yesterday collected
a total of S2H from ten campus traf
fic regulation violators. Six men
face a double fine for failure to ap
pear at the session. Violators are
advised by the Council to attend
the meeting of the court on the
Thursday following the receipt of
their tags.
Paul Burks was fined $10 for
speeding on Palm Drive and John
Purcell paid $5 for the same of
fense. The following were fined one
dollar each for various parking vio
lations: James Bunyan, Roy Jas
tram, Elizabeth Brown, Richard
Benjamin Strouse, Joe Garcia, Wil
liam Krumbein, James Tupper, and
Albert Thompson.
The men who did not put in an
appearance at the meeting were:
Malcolm Campbell, Julian Hart, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, Leland Chapin,
Charles Bates, and Roland Gray, Jr.
Men's Council yesterday collected
a total of S2H from ten campus traf
fic regulation violators. Six men
face a double fine for failure to ap
pear at the session. Violators are
advised by the Council to attend
the meeting of the court on the
Thursday following the receipt of
their tags.
Paul Burks was fined $10 for
speeding on Palm Drive and John
Purcell paid $5 for the same of
fense. The following were fined one
dollar each for various parking vio
lations: James Bunyan, Roy Jas
tram, Elizabeth Brown, Richard
Benjamin Strouse, Joe Garcia, Wil
liam Krumbein, James Tupper, and
Albert Thompson.
The men who did not put in an
appearance at the meeting were:
Malcolm Campbell, Julian Hart, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, Leland Chapin,
Charles Bates, and Roland Gray, Jr.
Men's Council yesterday collected
a total of S2H from ten campus traf
fic regulation violators. Six men
face a double fine for failure to ap
pear at the session. Violators are
advised by the Council to attend
the meeting of the court on the
Thursday following the receipt of
their tags.
Paul Burks was fined $10 for
speeding on Palm Drive and John
Purcell paid $5 for the same of
fense. The following were fined one
dollar each for various parking vio
lations: James Bunyan, Roy Jas
tram, Elizabeth Brown, Richard
Benjamin Strouse, Joe Garcia, Wil
liam Krumbein, James Tupper, and
Albert Thompson.
The men who did not put in an
appearance at the meeting were:
Malcolm Campbell, Julian Hart, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, Leland Chapin,
Charles Bates, and Roland Gray, Jr.
Men's Council yesterday collected
a total of S2H from ten campus traf
fic regulation violators. Six men
face a double fine for failure to ap
pear at the session. Violators are
advised by the Council to attend
the meeting of the court on the
Thursday following the receipt of
their tags.
Paul Burks was fined $10 for
speeding on Palm Drive and John
Purcell paid $5 for the same of
fense. The following were fined one
dollar each for various parking vio
lations: James Bunyan, Roy Jas
tram, Elizabeth Brown, Richard
Benjamin Strouse, Joe Garcia, Wil
liam Krumbein, James Tupper, and
Albert Thompson.
The men who did not put in an
appearance at the meeting were:
Malcolm Campbell, Julian Hart, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, Leland Chapin,
Charles Bates, and Roland Gray, Jr.
Men's Council yesterday collected
a total of S2H from ten campus traf
fic regulation violators. Six men
face a double fine for failure to ap
pear at the session. Violators are
advised by the Council to attend
the meeting of the court on the
Thursday following the receipt of
their tags.
Paul Burks was fined $10 for
speeding on Palm Drive and John
Purcell paid $5 for the same of
fense. The following were fined one
dollar each for various parking vio
lations: James Bunyan, Roy Jas
tram, Elizabeth Brown, Richard
Benjamin Strouse, Joe Garcia, Wil
liam Krumbein, James Tupper, and
Albert Thompson.
The men who did not put in an
appearance at the meeting were:
Malcolm Campbell, Julian Hart, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, Leland Chapin,
Charles Bates, and Roland Gray, Jr.
Men's Council yesterday collected
a total of S2H from ten campus traf
fic regulation violators. Six men
face a double fine for failure to ap
pear at the session. Violators are
advised by the Council to attend
the meeting of the court on the
Thursday following the receipt of
their tags.
Paul Burks was fined $10 for
speeding on Palm Drive and John
Purcell paid $5 for the same of
fense. The following were fined one
dollar each for various parking vio
lations: James Bunyan, Roy Jas
tram, Elizabeth Brown, Richard
Benjamin Strouse, Joe Garcia, Wil
liam Krumbein, James Tupper, and
Albert Thompson.
The men who did not put in an
appearance at the meeting were:
Malcolm Campbell, Julian Hart, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, Leland Chapin,
Charles Bates, and Roland Gray, Jr.
Men's Council yesterday collected
a total of S2H from ten campus traf
fic regulation violators. Six men
face a double fine for failure to ap
pear at the session. Violators are
advised by the Council to attend
the meeting of the court on the
Thursday following the receipt of
their tags.
Paul Burks was fined $10 for
speeding on Palm Drive and John
Purcell paid $5 for the same of
fense. The following were fined one
dollar each for various parking vio
lations: James Bunyan, Roy Jas
tram, Elizabeth Brown, Richard
Benjamin Strouse, Joe Garcia, Wil
liam Krumbein, James Tupper, and
Albert Thompson.
The men who did not put in an
appearance at the meeting were:
Malcolm Campbell, Julian Hart, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, Leland Chapin,
Charles Bates, and Roland Gray, Jr.
Men's Council yesterday collected
a total of S2H from ten campus traf
fic regulation violators. Six men
face a double fine for failure to ap
pear at the session. Violators are
advised by the Council to attend
the meeting of the court on the
Thursday following the receipt of
their tags.
Paul Burks was fined $10 for
speeding on Palm Drive and John
Purcell paid $5 for the same of
fense. The following were fined one
dollar each for various parking vio
lations: James Bunyan, Roy Jas
tram, Elizabeth Brown, Richard
Benjamin Strouse, Joe Garcia, Wil
liam Krumbein, James Tupper, and
Albert Thompson.
The men who did not put in an
appearance at the meeting were:
Malcolm Campbell, Julian Hart, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, Leland Chapin,
Charles Bates, and Roland Gray, Jr.
Men's Council yesterday collected
a total of S2H from ten campus traf
fic regulation violators. Six men
face a double fine for failure to ap
pear at the session. Violators are
advised by the Council to attend
the meeting of the court on the
Thursday following the receipt of
their tags.
Paul Burks was fined $10 for
speeding on Palm Drive and John
Purcell paid $5 for the same of
fense. The following were fined one
dollar each for various parking vio
lations: James Bunyan, Roy Jas
tram, Elizabeth Brown, Richard
Benjamin Strouse, Joe Garcia, Wil
liam Krumbein, James Tupper, and
Albert Thompson.
The men who did not put in an
appearance at the meeting were:
Malcolm Campbell, Julian Hart, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, Leland Chapin,
Charles Bates, and Roland Gray, Jr.
