# HOOVER OFFERED SECRET
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. April 7. (A')
Lester P. Barlow, inventor of a
secret new military weapon, said
today after a conference at the
White House, he had offered it to
President Hoover "upon certain
terms." He says the invention could
destroy cities a thousand miles dis
tant. Asked if President Hoover had
accepted his offer, Barlow replied
Mr. Hoover bad been "amiable."
WASHINGTON. April 7. (A')
Lester P. Barlow, inventor of a
secret new military weapon, said
today after a conference at the
White House, he had offered it to
President Hoover "upon certain
terms." He says the invention could
destroy cities a thousand miles dis
tant. Asked if President Hoover had
accepted his offer, Barlow replied
Mr. Hoover bad been "amiable."
WASHINGTON. April 7. (A')
Lester P. Barlow, inventor of a
secret new military weapon, said
today after a conference at the
White House, he had offered it to
President Hoover "upon certain
terms." He says the invention could
destroy cities a thousand miles dis
tant. Asked if President Hoover had
accepted his offer, Barlow replied
Mr. Hoover bad been "amiable."
WASHINGTON. April 7. (A')
Lester P. Barlow, inventor of a
secret new military weapon, said
today after a conference at the
White House, he had offered it to
President Hoover "upon certain
terms." He says the invention could
destroy cities a thousand miles dis
tant. Asked if President Hoover had
accepted his offer, Barlow replied
Mr. Hoover bad been "amiable."
WASHINGTON. April 7. (A')
Lester P. Barlow, inventor of a
secret new military weapon, said
today after a conference at the
White House, he had offered it to
President Hoover "upon certain
terms." He says the invention could
destroy cities a thousand miles dis
tant. Asked if President Hoover had
accepted his offer, Barlow replied
Mr. Hoover bad been "amiable."
WASHINGTON. April 7. (A')
Lester P. Barlow, inventor of a
secret new military weapon, said
today after a conference at the
White House, he had offered it to
President Hoover "upon certain
terms." He says the invention could
destroy cities a thousand miles dis
tant. Asked if President Hoover had
accepted his offer, Barlow replied
Mr. Hoover bad been "amiable."
WASHINGTON. April 7. (A')
Lester P. Barlow, inventor of a
secret new military weapon, said
today after a conference at the
White House, he had offered it to
President Hoover "upon certain
terms." He says the invention could
destroy cities a thousand miles dis
tant. Asked if President Hoover had
accepted his offer, Barlow replied
Mr. Hoover bad been "amiable."
WASHINGTON. April 7. (A')
Lester P. Barlow, inventor of a
secret new military weapon, said
today after a conference at the
White House, he had offered it to
President Hoover "upon certain
terms." He says the invention could
destroy cities a thousand miles dis
tant. Asked if President Hoover had
accepted his offer, Barlow replied
Mr. Hoover bad been "amiable."
WASHINGTON. April 7. (A')
Lester P. Barlow, inventor of a
secret new military weapon, said
today after a conference at the
White House, he had offered it to
President Hoover "upon certain
terms." He says the invention could
destroy cities a thousand miles dis
tant. Asked if President Hoover had
accepted his offer, Barlow replied
Mr. Hoover bad been "amiable."
WASHINGTON. April 7. (A')
Lester P. Barlow, inventor of a
secret new military weapon, said
today after a conference at the
White House, he had offered it to
President Hoover "upon certain
terms." He says the invention could
destroy cities a thousand miles dis
tant. Asked if President Hoover had
accepted his offer, Barlow replied
Mr. Hoover bad been "amiable."
WASHINGTON. April 7. (A')
Lester P. Barlow, inventor of a
secret new military weapon, said
today after a conference at the
White House, he had offered it to
President Hoover "upon certain
terms." He says the invention could
destroy cities a thousand miles dis
tant. Asked if President Hoover had
accepted his offer, Barlow replied
Mr. Hoover bad been "amiable."
WASHINGTON. April 7. (A')
Lester P. Barlow, inventor of a
secret new military weapon, said
today after a conference at the
White House, he had offered it to
President Hoover "upon certain
terms." He says the invention could
destroy cities a thousand miles dis
tant. Asked if President Hoover had
accepted his offer, Barlow replied
Mr. Hoover bad been "amiable."
WASHINGTON. April 7. (A')
Lester P. Barlow, inventor of a
secret new military weapon, said
today after a conference at the
White House, he had offered it to
President Hoover "upon certain
terms." He says the invention could
destroy cities a thousand miles dis
tant. Asked if President Hoover had
accepted his offer, Barlow replied
Mr. Hoover bad been "amiable."
WASHINGTON. April 7. (A')
Lester P. Barlow, inventor of a
secret new military weapon, said
today after a conference at the
White House, he had offered it to
President Hoover "upon certain
terms." He says the invention could
destroy cities a thousand miles dis
tant. Asked if President Hoover had
accepted his offer, Barlow replied
Mr. Hoover bad been "amiable."
