# IDAHOANS BECOME BUDDHIST MONKS
## 
### 

L. A. Colburn (left) and F. M. Ormsby (right), both of Boise, Ida.,
talking with a Chinese temple attache after spending months in the
Orient studying to become Buddhist monks. They intend to study
religions in India next, believing the world should have one faith, a
combination of existing ones.

L. A. Colburn (left) and F. M. Ormsby (right), both of Boise, Ida.,
talking with a Chinese temple attache after spending months in the
Orient studying to become Buddhist monks. They intend to study
religions in India next, believing the world should have one faith, a
combination of existing ones.

L. A. Colburn (left) and F. M. Ormsby (right), both of Boise, Ida.,
talking with a Chinese temple attache after spending months in the
Orient studying to become Buddhist monks. They intend to study
religions in India next, believing the world should have one faith, a
combination of existing ones.

L. A. Colburn (left) and F. M. Ormsby (right), both of Boise, Ida.,
talking with a Chinese temple attache after spending months in the
Orient studying to become Buddhist monks. They intend to study
religions in India next, believing the world should have one faith, a
combination of existing ones.

L. A. Colburn (left) and F. M. Ormsby (right), both of Boise, Ida.,
talking with a Chinese temple attache after spending months in the
Orient studying to become Buddhist monks. They intend to study
religions in India next, believing the world should have one faith, a
combination of existing ones.

L. A. Colburn (left) and F. M. Ormsby (right), both of Boise, Ida.,
talking with a Chinese temple attache after spending months in the
Orient studying to become Buddhist monks. They intend to study
religions in India next, believing the world should have one faith, a
combination of existing ones.

L. A. Colburn (left) and F. M. Ormsby (right), both of Boise, Ida.,
talking with a Chinese temple attache after spending months in the
Orient studying to become Buddhist monks. They intend to study
religions in India next, believing the world should have one faith, a
combination of existing ones.

L. A. Colburn (left) and F. M. Ormsby (right), both of Boise, Ida.,
talking with a Chinese temple attache after spending months in the
Orient studying to become Buddhist monks. They intend to study
religions in India next, believing the world should have one faith, a
combination of existing ones.

L. A. Colburn (left) and F. M. Ormsby (right), both of Boise, Ida.,
talking with a Chinese temple attache after spending months in the
Orient studying to become Buddhist monks. They intend to study
religions in India next, believing the world should have one faith, a
combination of existing ones.

L. A. Colburn (left) and F. M. Ormsby (right), both of Boise, Ida.,
talking with a Chinese temple attache after spending months in the
Orient studying to become Buddhist monks. They intend to study
religions in India next, believing the world should have one faith, a
combination of existing ones.

L. A. Colburn (left) and F. M. Ormsby (right), both of Boise, Ida.,
talking with a Chinese temple attache after spending months in the
Orient studying to become Buddhist monks. They intend to study
religions in India next, believing the world should have one faith, a
combination of existing ones.

L. A. Colburn (left) and F. M. Ormsby (right), both of Boise, Ida.,
talking with a Chinese temple attache after spending months in the
Orient studying to become Buddhist monks. They intend to study
religions in India next, believing the world should have one faith, a
combination of existing ones.

L. A. Colburn (left) and F. M. Ormsby (right), both of Boise, Ida.,
talking with a Chinese temple attache after spending months in the
Orient studying to become Buddhist monks. They intend to study
religions in India next, believing the world should have one faith, a
combination of existing ones.

L. A. Colburn (left) and F. M. Ormsby (right), both of Boise, Ida.,
talking with a Chinese temple attache after spending months in the
Orient studying to become Buddhist monks. They intend to study
religions in India next, believing the world should have one faith, a
combination of existing ones.
