# GEOLOGIST CONFAB OPENS TODAY
## 
### 
Papers written by renowned geo
logists and paleontologists will fea
ture the annual meetings of the
Cordilleran Section of the Geolo
gical Society of America, and the
Pacific Branch of The Paleontological
Society of America to be held in
the Geology Building this week-end.
The convention will open this
morning at 9:30 o'clock when the
Geology Society will meet to hear
the latest developments in geology
as presented by visitors from every
state west of the Rocky Mountains.
Four faculty members and seven
students represent Stanford, led by
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, head of
the geology department, who will
read a paper entitled "The Age of
Meteor Crater, Arizona and the
Grooving of Rock Surfaces by Sand
Laden Currents."
This evening the annual dinner
will be held at the Stanford Union
under the auspices of the LeConte
Geological Club. Dr. John E. Wolff,
professor emeritus of Harvard Uni
versity, will be the speaker of the
evening.
Two meetings of the Geological
Society Saturday at 9:30 o'clock and
2 o'clock, respectively, and a 9:30
o'clock meeting of the Paleontologi
cal Society will close the convention.
