# Twenty-Nine Card Gridders Get Letters
## 
### 
Twenty-nine Stanford football
players were awarded block "S" let
ters by Ex Committee action at the
legislative body's last meeting be
fore the holidays.
Eligible for letters were all men
who played 10 minutes in the Big
Game, 15 minutes in the S.C. or
Columbia game, or ten minutes in
each of two conference games with
a season's total of at least 60 min
utes.
They were: A1 Alustiza, Stan An
dersen, Jack Brigham, Tony Cal
velli, Jimmy Coffis, Gene Coldiron,
Irv Cummings, Bob Dakin, Neil
Donahue, Pete Fay, Leo Ferko, Ed
Gamier, Jim Groves, Bill Kirsch,
Fred Ledeboer, Bill McElroy, and
Frank McMillan.
Bob Matthews, Bill Paulman, Neil
Rasmussen, Grant Stone, Dick Sut
ton, Louis Tsoutsouvas, Jack Wal
ton, By West, Bill Willard, Pete
Zagar, and Jay Alexander, man
ager.
"Doc" Luckett won a letter for
"exceptional work done during the
season."
Twenty-nine Stanford football
players were awarded block "S" let
ters by Ex Committee action at the
legislative body's last meeting be
fore the holidays.
Eligible for letters were all men
who played 10 minutes in the Big
Game, 15 minutes in the S.C. or
Columbia game, or ten minutes in
each of two conference games with
a season's total of at least 60 min
utes.
They were: A1 Alustiza, Stan An
dersen, Jack Brigham, Tony Cal
velli, Jimmy Coffis, Gene Coldiron,
Irv Cummings, Bob Dakin, Neil
Donahue, Pete Fay, Leo Ferko, Ed
Gamier, Jim Groves, Bill Kirsch,
Fred Ledeboer, Bill McElroy, and
Frank McMillan.
Bob Matthews, Bill Paulman, Neil
Rasmussen, Grant Stone, Dick Sut
ton, Louis Tsoutsouvas, Jack Wal
ton, By West, Bill Willard, Pete
Zagar, and Jay Alexander, man
ager.
"Doc" Luckett won a letter for
"exceptional work done during the
season."
Twenty-nine Stanford football
players were awarded block "S" let
ters by Ex Committee action at the
legislative body's last meeting be
fore the holidays.
Eligible for letters were all men
who played 10 minutes in the Big
Game, 15 minutes in the S.C. or
Columbia game, or ten minutes in
each of two conference games with
a season's total of at least 60 min
utes.
They were: A1 Alustiza, Stan An
dersen, Jack Brigham, Tony Cal
velli, Jimmy Coffis, Gene Coldiron,
Irv Cummings, Bob Dakin, Neil
Donahue, Pete Fay, Leo Ferko, Ed
Gamier, Jim Groves, Bill Kirsch,
Fred Ledeboer, Bill McElroy, and
Frank McMillan.
Bob Matthews, Bill Paulman, Neil
Rasmussen, Grant Stone, Dick Sut
ton, Louis Tsoutsouvas, Jack Wal
ton, By West, Bill Willard, Pete
Zagar, and Jay Alexander, man
ager.
"Doc" Luckett won a letter for
"exceptional work done during the
season."
Twenty-nine Stanford football
players were awarded block "S" let
ters by Ex Committee action at the
legislative body's last meeting be
fore the holidays.
Eligible for letters were all men
who played 10 minutes in the Big
Game, 15 minutes in the S.C. or
Columbia game, or ten minutes in
each of two conference games with
a season's total of at least 60 min
utes.
They were: A1 Alustiza, Stan An
dersen, Jack Brigham, Tony Cal
velli, Jimmy Coffis, Gene Coldiron,
Irv Cummings, Bob Dakin, Neil
Donahue, Pete Fay, Leo Ferko, Ed
Gamier, Jim Groves, Bill Kirsch,
Fred Ledeboer, Bill McElroy, and
Frank McMillan.
Bob Matthews, Bill Paulman, Neil
Rasmussen, Grant Stone, Dick Sut
ton, Louis Tsoutsouvas, Jack Wal
ton, By West, Bill Willard, Pete
Zagar, and Jay Alexander, man
ager.
"Doc" Luckett won a letter for
"exceptional work done during the
season."
Twenty-nine Stanford football
players were awarded block "S" let
ters by Ex Committee action at the
legislative body's last meeting be
fore the holidays.
Eligible for letters were all men
who played 10 minutes in the Big
Game, 15 minutes in the S.C. or
Columbia game, or ten minutes in
each of two conference games with
a season's total of at least 60 min
utes.
They were: A1 Alustiza, Stan An
dersen, Jack Brigham, Tony Cal
velli, Jimmy Coffis, Gene Coldiron,
Irv Cummings, Bob Dakin, Neil
Donahue, Pete Fay, Leo Ferko, Ed
Gamier, Jim Groves, Bill Kirsch,
Fred Ledeboer, Bill McElroy, and
Frank McMillan.
Bob Matthews, Bill Paulman, Neil
Rasmussen, Grant Stone, Dick Sut
ton, Louis Tsoutsouvas, Jack Wal
ton, By West, Bill Willard, Pete
Zagar, and Jay Alexander, man
ager.
"Doc" Luckett won a letter for
"exceptional work done during the
season."
Twenty-nine Stanford football
players were awarded block "S" let
ters by Ex Committee action at the
legislative body's last meeting be
fore the holidays.
Eligible for letters were all men
who played 10 minutes in the Big
Game, 15 minutes in the S.C. or
Columbia game, or ten minutes in
each of two conference games with
a season's total of at least 60 min
utes.
They were: A1 Alustiza, Stan An
dersen, Jack Brigham, Tony Cal
velli, Jimmy Coffis, Gene Coldiron,
Irv Cummings, Bob Dakin, Neil
Donahue, Pete Fay, Leo Ferko, Ed
Gamier, Jim Groves, Bill Kirsch,
Fred Ledeboer, Bill McElroy, and
Frank McMillan.
Bob Matthews, Bill Paulman, Neil
Rasmussen, Grant Stone, Dick Sut
ton, Louis Tsoutsouvas, Jack Wal
ton, By West, Bill Willard, Pete
Zagar, and Jay Alexander, man
ager.
"Doc" Luckett won a letter for
"exceptional work done during the
season."
Twenty-nine Stanford football
players were awarded block "S" let
ters by Ex Committee action at the
legislative body's last meeting be
fore the holidays.
Eligible for letters were all men
who played 10 minutes in the Big
Game, 15 minutes in the S.C. or
Columbia game, or ten minutes in
each of two conference games with
a season's total of at least 60 min
utes.
They were: A1 Alustiza, Stan An
dersen, Jack Brigham, Tony Cal
velli, Jimmy Coffis, Gene Coldiron,
Irv Cummings, Bob Dakin, Neil
Donahue, Pete Fay, Leo Ferko, Ed
Gamier, Jim Groves, Bill Kirsch,
Fred Ledeboer, Bill McElroy, and
Frank McMillan.
Bob Matthews, Bill Paulman, Neil
Rasmussen, Grant Stone, Dick Sut
ton, Louis Tsoutsouvas, Jack Wal
ton, By West, Bill Willard, Pete
Zagar, and Jay Alexander, man
ager.
"Doc" Luckett won a letter for
"exceptional work done during the
season."
Twenty-nine Stanford football
players were awarded block "S" let
ters by Ex Committee action at the
legislative body's last meeting be
fore the holidays.
Eligible for letters were all men
who played 10 minutes in the Big
Game, 15 minutes in the S.C. or
Columbia game, or ten minutes in
each of two conference games with
a season's total of at least 60 min
utes.
They were: A1 Alustiza, Stan An
dersen, Jack Brigham, Tony Cal
velli, Jimmy Coffis, Gene Coldiron,
Irv Cummings, Bob Dakin, Neil
Donahue, Pete Fay, Leo Ferko, Ed
Gamier, Jim Groves, Bill Kirsch,
Fred Ledeboer, Bill McElroy, and
Frank McMillan.
Bob Matthews, Bill Paulman, Neil
Rasmussen, Grant Stone, Dick Sut
ton, Louis Tsoutsouvas, Jack Wal
ton, By West, Bill Willard, Pete
Zagar, and Jay Alexander, man
ager.
"Doc" Luckett won a letter for
"exceptional work done during the
season."
Twenty-nine Stanford football
players were awarded block "S" let
ters by Ex Committee action at the
legislative body's last meeting be
fore the holidays.
Eligible for letters were all men
who played 10 minutes in the Big
Game, 15 minutes in the S.C. or
Columbia game, or ten minutes in
each of two conference games with
a season's total of at least 60 min
utes.
They were: A1 Alustiza, Stan An
dersen, Jack Brigham, Tony Cal
velli, Jimmy Coffis, Gene Coldiron,
Irv Cummings, Bob Dakin, Neil
Donahue, Pete Fay, Leo Ferko, Ed
Gamier, Jim Groves, Bill Kirsch,
Fred Ledeboer, Bill McElroy, and
Frank McMillan.
Bob Matthews, Bill Paulman, Neil
Rasmussen, Grant Stone, Dick Sut
ton, Louis Tsoutsouvas, Jack Wal
ton, By West, Bill Willard, Pete
Zagar, and Jay Alexander, man
ager.
"Doc" Luckett won a letter for
"exceptional work done during the
season."
Twenty-nine Stanford football
players were awarded block "S" let
ters by Ex Committee action at the
legislative body's last meeting be
fore the holidays.
Eligible for letters were all men
who played 10 minutes in the Big
Game, 15 minutes in the S.C. or
Columbia game, or ten minutes in
each of two conference games with
a season's total of at least 60 min
utes.
They were: A1 Alustiza, Stan An
dersen, Jack Brigham, Tony Cal
velli, Jimmy Coffis, Gene Coldiron,
Irv Cummings, Bob Dakin, Neil
Donahue, Pete Fay, Leo Ferko, Ed
Gamier, Jim Groves, Bill Kirsch,
Fred Ledeboer, Bill McElroy, and
Frank McMillan.
Bob Matthews, Bill Paulman, Neil
Rasmussen, Grant Stone, Dick Sut
ton, Louis Tsoutsouvas, Jack Wal
ton, By West, Bill Willard, Pete
Zagar, and Jay Alexander, man
ager.
"Doc" Luckett won a letter for
"exceptional work done during the
season."
Twenty-nine Stanford football
players were awarded block "S" let
ters by Ex Committee action at the
legislative body's last meeting be
fore the holidays.
Eligible for letters were all men
who played 10 minutes in the Big
Game, 15 minutes in the S.C. or
Columbia game, or ten minutes in
each of two conference games with
a season's total of at least 60 min
utes.
They were: A1 Alustiza, Stan An
dersen, Jack Brigham, Tony Cal
velli, Jimmy Coffis, Gene Coldiron,
Irv Cummings, Bob Dakin, Neil
Donahue, Pete Fay, Leo Ferko, Ed
Gamier, Jim Groves, Bill Kirsch,
Fred Ledeboer, Bill McElroy, and
Frank McMillan.
Bob Matthews, Bill Paulman, Neil
Rasmussen, Grant Stone, Dick Sut
ton, Louis Tsoutsouvas, Jack Wal
ton, By West, Bill Willard, Pete
Zagar, and Jay Alexander, man
ager.
"Doc" Luckett won a letter for
"exceptional work done during the
season."
Twenty-nine Stanford football
players were awarded block "S" let
ters by Ex Committee action at the
legislative body's last meeting be
fore the holidays.
Eligible for letters were all men
who played 10 minutes in the Big
Game, 15 minutes in the S.C. or
Columbia game, or ten minutes in
each of two conference games with
a season's total of at least 60 min
utes.
They were: A1 Alustiza, Stan An
dersen, Jack Brigham, Tony Cal
velli, Jimmy Coffis, Gene Coldiron,
Irv Cummings, Bob Dakin, Neil
Donahue, Pete Fay, Leo Ferko, Ed
Gamier, Jim Groves, Bill Kirsch,
Fred Ledeboer, Bill McElroy, and
Frank McMillan.
Bob Matthews, Bill Paulman, Neil
Rasmussen, Grant Stone, Dick Sut
ton, Louis Tsoutsouvas, Jack Wal
ton, By West, Bill Willard, Pete
Zagar, and Jay Alexander, man
ager.
"Doc" Luckett won a letter for
"exceptional work done during the
season."
Twenty-nine Stanford football
players were awarded block "S" let
ters by Ex Committee action at the
legislative body's last meeting be
fore the holidays.
Eligible for letters were all men
who played 10 minutes in the Big
Game, 15 minutes in the S.C. or
Columbia game, or ten minutes in
each of two conference games with
a season's total of at least 60 min
utes.
They were: A1 Alustiza, Stan An
dersen, Jack Brigham, Tony Cal
velli, Jimmy Coffis, Gene Coldiron,
Irv Cummings, Bob Dakin, Neil
Donahue, Pete Fay, Leo Ferko, Ed
Gamier, Jim Groves, Bill Kirsch,
Fred Ledeboer, Bill McElroy, and
Frank McMillan.
Bob Matthews, Bill Paulman, Neil
Rasmussen, Grant Stone, Dick Sut
ton, Louis Tsoutsouvas, Jack Wal
ton, By West, Bill Willard, Pete
Zagar, and Jay Alexander, man
ager.
"Doc" Luckett won a letter for
"exceptional work done during the
season."
Twenty-nine Stanford football
players were awarded block "S" let
ters by Ex Committee action at the
legislative body's last meeting be
fore the holidays.
Eligible for letters were all men
who played 10 minutes in the Big
Game, 15 minutes in the S.C. or
Columbia game, or ten minutes in
each of two conference games with
a season's total of at least 60 min
utes.
They were: A1 Alustiza, Stan An
dersen, Jack Brigham, Tony Cal
velli, Jimmy Coffis, Gene Coldiron,
Irv Cummings, Bob Dakin, Neil
Donahue, Pete Fay, Leo Ferko, Ed
Gamier, Jim Groves, Bill Kirsch,
Fred Ledeboer, Bill McElroy, and
Frank McMillan.
Bob Matthews, Bill Paulman, Neil
Rasmussen, Grant Stone, Dick Sut
ton, Louis Tsoutsouvas, Jack Wal
ton, By West, Bill Willard, Pete
Zagar, and Jay Alexander, man
ager.
"Doc" Luckett won a letter for
"exceptional work done during the
season."
Twenty-nine Stanford football
players were awarded block "S" let
ters by Ex Committee action at the
legislative body's last meeting be
fore the holidays.
Eligible for letters were all men
who played 10 minutes in the Big
Game, 15 minutes in the S.C. or
Columbia game, or ten minutes in
each of two conference games with
a season's total of at least 60 min
utes.
They were: A1 Alustiza, Stan An
dersen, Jack Brigham, Tony Cal
velli, Jimmy Coffis, Gene Coldiron,
Irv Cummings, Bob Dakin, Neil
Donahue, Pete Fay, Leo Ferko, Ed
Gamier, Jim Groves, Bill Kirsch,
Fred Ledeboer, Bill McElroy, and
Frank McMillan.
Bob Matthews, Bill Paulman, Neil
Rasmussen, Grant Stone, Dick Sut
ton, Louis Tsoutsouvas, Jack Wal
ton, By West, Bill Willard, Pete
Zagar, and Jay Alexander, man
ager.
"Doc" Luckett won a letter for
"exceptional work done during the
season."
