# THE 						WEATHER
## 
### 
BAY AREA—High fog night and
morning but fair otherwise today
and tomorrow.
BAY AREA—High fog night and
morning but fair otherwise today
and tomorrow.
BAY AREA—High fog night and
morning but fair otherwise today
and tomorrow.
BAY AREA—High fog night and
morning but fair otherwise today
and tomorrow.
BAY AREA—High fog night and
morning but fair otherwise today
and tomorrow.
BAY AREA—High fog night and
morning but fair otherwise today
and tomorrow.
BAY AREA—High fog night and
morning but fair otherwise today
and tomorrow.
BAY AREA—High fog night and
morning but fair otherwise today
and tomorrow.
BAY AREA—High fog night and
morning but fair otherwise today
and tomorrow.
BAY AREA—High fog night and
morning but fair otherwise today
and tomorrow.
BAY AREA—High fog night and
morning but fair otherwise today
and tomorrow.
BAY AREA—High fog night and
morning but fair otherwise today
and tomorrow.
BAY AREA—High fog night and
morning but fair otherwise today
and tomorrow.
BAY AREA—High fog night and
morning but fair otherwise today
and tomorrow.
