# New KZSU Show Starts Tomorrow
## 
### 
Outstanding people from many
fields will be interviewed on a new
KZSU program series called "What
They Have to Say," Don Bruzzone,
program director, announced yes
terday.
Kenneth N. Stewart, professor of
journalism at New York University,
who is teaching in the Institute for
Journalistic Studies here this sum
mer, will appear on the opening
interview tomorrow at 9:15 p.m.
Stewart began his writing career as
editor ol The Stanford Daily in
1923, then went on to professional
newspaper work for which he was
awarded a Nieman Fellowship. He
will discuss trends in press and
opinion polling activities with Les
lie Gurnee, KZSU staff interviewer.
On Wednesday evening, a re
broadcast featuring Jessica Tandy,
Akim Tamiroff, Hume Cronyn, and
Milton Parsons — all veterans of
Hollywood and the New York stage
—will be heard. George Velliotes
arranged and emcee'd the original
broadcast, aired last Saturday over
KNBC under the title "Broadway
on Campus." Suzanne Stark worked
with Velliotes on the interviewing.
"What They Have to Say" will be
programmed every Tuesday, Wed
nesday, and Thursday at 9:15 p.m.
on station KZSU. The program was
originated with the help of the
Stanford Institute of International
Relations.
