# BURGESS STRESSES VALUE OF CLASSICS AT DINNER MEETING
## 
### 
Tracing the development of Eu
rope from Caesar's biography and
centering European and American
politics in Karl Marx, R. L. Bur
gess, editorial writer of the San
Francisco Examiner, showed a close
relation of the classics to the mod
ern journalist at the dinner meeting
of Sigma Delta Chi at the President
hotel last night.

Burgess chose Euclid as a third
great classic on whom rests the in
corruptible foundation for all mod
ern science and said all improve
ments of modern life are directly
due to the scientific method.

'The journalist is on the lookout
for the new; and in order to i-ecog
nize it, he must know the old, the
classic. He must get away from a
pet opinion on every subject," the
writer stated. "The classics are nec
essary for a proper perspective."
Tracing the development of Eu
rope from Caesar's biography and
centering European and American
politics in Karl Marx, R. L. Bur
gess, editorial writer of the San
Francisco Examiner, showed a close
relation of the classics to the mod
ern journalist at the dinner meeting
of Sigma Delta Chi at the President
hotel last night.

Burgess chose Euclid as a third
great classic on whom rests the in
corruptible foundation for all mod
ern science and said all improve
ments of modern life are directly
due to the scientific method.

'The journalist is on the lookout
for the new; and in order to i-ecog
nize it, he must know the old, the
classic. He must get away from a
pet opinion on every subject," the
writer stated. "The classics are nec
essary for a proper perspective."
Tracing the development of Eu
rope from Caesar's biography and
centering European and American
politics in Karl Marx, R. L. Bur
gess, editorial writer of the San
Francisco Examiner, showed a close
relation of the classics to the mod
ern journalist at the dinner meeting
of Sigma Delta Chi at the President
hotel last night.

Burgess chose Euclid as a third
great classic on whom rests the in
corruptible foundation for all mod
ern science and said all improve
ments of modern life are directly
due to the scientific method.

'The journalist is on the lookout
for the new; and in order to i-ecog
nize it, he must know the old, the
classic. He must get away from a
pet opinion on every subject," the
writer stated. "The classics are nec
essary for a proper perspective."
Tracing the development of Eu
rope from Caesar's biography and
centering European and American
politics in Karl Marx, R. L. Bur
gess, editorial writer of the San
Francisco Examiner, showed a close
relation of the classics to the mod
ern journalist at the dinner meeting
of Sigma Delta Chi at the President
hotel last night.

Burgess chose Euclid as a third
great classic on whom rests the in
corruptible foundation for all mod
ern science and said all improve
ments of modern life are directly
due to the scientific method.

'The journalist is on the lookout
for the new; and in order to i-ecog
nize it, he must know the old, the
classic. He must get away from a
pet opinion on every subject," the
writer stated. "The classics are nec
essary for a proper perspective."
Tracing the development of Eu
rope from Caesar's biography and
centering European and American
politics in Karl Marx, R. L. Bur
gess, editorial writer of the San
Francisco Examiner, showed a close
relation of the classics to the mod
ern journalist at the dinner meeting
of Sigma Delta Chi at the President
hotel last night.

Burgess chose Euclid as a third
great classic on whom rests the in
corruptible foundation for all mod
ern science and said all improve
ments of modern life are directly
due to the scientific method.

'The journalist is on the lookout
for the new; and in order to i-ecog
nize it, he must know the old, the
classic. He must get away from a
pet opinion on every subject," the
writer stated. "The classics are nec
essary for a proper perspective."
Tracing the development of Eu
rope from Caesar's biography and
centering European and American
politics in Karl Marx, R. L. Bur
gess, editorial writer of the San
Francisco Examiner, showed a close
relation of the classics to the mod
ern journalist at the dinner meeting
of Sigma Delta Chi at the President
hotel last night.

Burgess chose Euclid as a third
great classic on whom rests the in
corruptible foundation for all mod
ern science and said all improve
ments of modern life are directly
due to the scientific method.

'The journalist is on the lookout
for the new; and in order to i-ecog
nize it, he must know the old, the
classic. He must get away from a
pet opinion on every subject," the
writer stated. "The classics are nec
essary for a proper perspective."
Tracing the development of Eu
rope from Caesar's biography and
centering European and American
politics in Karl Marx, R. L. Bur
gess, editorial writer of the San
Francisco Examiner, showed a close
relation of the classics to the mod
ern journalist at the dinner meeting
of Sigma Delta Chi at the President
hotel last night.

Burgess chose Euclid as a third
great classic on whom rests the in
corruptible foundation for all mod
ern science and said all improve
ments of modern life are directly
due to the scientific method.

'The journalist is on the lookout
for the new; and in order to i-ecog
nize it, he must know the old, the
classic. He must get away from a
pet opinion on every subject," the
writer stated. "The classics are nec
essary for a proper perspective."
Tracing the development of Eu
rope from Caesar's biography and
centering European and American
politics in Karl Marx, R. L. Bur
gess, editorial writer of the San
Francisco Examiner, showed a close
relation of the classics to the mod
ern journalist at the dinner meeting
of Sigma Delta Chi at the President
hotel last night.

Burgess chose Euclid as a third
great classic on whom rests the in
corruptible foundation for all mod
ern science and said all improve
ments of modern life are directly
due to the scientific method.

'The journalist is on the lookout
for the new; and in order to i-ecog
nize it, he must know the old, the
classic. He must get away from a
pet opinion on every subject," the
writer stated. "The classics are nec
essary for a proper perspective."
Tracing the development of Eu
rope from Caesar's biography and
centering European and American
politics in Karl Marx, R. L. Bur
gess, editorial writer of the San
Francisco Examiner, showed a close
relation of the classics to the mod
ern journalist at the dinner meeting
of Sigma Delta Chi at the President
hotel last night.

Burgess chose Euclid as a third
great classic on whom rests the in
corruptible foundation for all mod
ern science and said all improve
ments of modern life are directly
due to the scientific method.

'The journalist is on the lookout
for the new; and in order to i-ecog
nize it, he must know the old, the
classic. He must get away from a
pet opinion on every subject," the
writer stated. "The classics are nec
essary for a proper perspective."
Tracing the development of Eu
rope from Caesar's biography and
centering European and American
politics in Karl Marx, R. L. Bur
gess, editorial writer of the San
Francisco Examiner, showed a close
relation of the classics to the mod
ern journalist at the dinner meeting
of Sigma Delta Chi at the President
hotel last night.

Burgess chose Euclid as a third
great classic on whom rests the in
corruptible foundation for all mod
ern science and said all improve
ments of modern life are directly
due to the scientific method.

'The journalist is on the lookout
for the new; and in order to i-ecog
nize it, he must know the old, the
classic. He must get away from a
pet opinion on every subject," the
writer stated. "The classics are nec
essary for a proper perspective."
Tracing the development of Eu
rope from Caesar's biography and
centering European and American
politics in Karl Marx, R. L. Bur
gess, editorial writer of the San
Francisco Examiner, showed a close
relation of the classics to the mod
ern journalist at the dinner meeting
of Sigma Delta Chi at the President
hotel last night.

Burgess chose Euclid as a third
great classic on whom rests the in
corruptible foundation for all mod
ern science and said all improve
ments of modern life are directly
due to the scientific method.

'The journalist is on the lookout
for the new; and in order to i-ecog
nize it, he must know the old, the
classic. He must get away from a
pet opinion on every subject," the
writer stated. "The classics are nec
essary for a proper perspective."
Tracing the development of Eu
rope from Caesar's biography and
centering European and American
politics in Karl Marx, R. L. Bur
gess, editorial writer of the San
Francisco Examiner, showed a close
relation of the classics to the mod
ern journalist at the dinner meeting
of Sigma Delta Chi at the President
hotel last night.

Burgess chose Euclid as a third
great classic on whom rests the in
corruptible foundation for all mod
ern science and said all improve
ments of modern life are directly
due to the scientific method.

'The journalist is on the lookout
for the new; and in order to i-ecog
nize it, he must know the old, the
classic. He must get away from a
pet opinion on every subject," the
writer stated. "The classics are nec
essary for a proper perspective."
Tracing the development of Eu
rope from Caesar's biography and
centering European and American
politics in Karl Marx, R. L. Bur
gess, editorial writer of the San
Francisco Examiner, showed a close
relation of the classics to the mod
ern journalist at the dinner meeting
of Sigma Delta Chi at the President
hotel last night.

Burgess chose Euclid as a third
great classic on whom rests the in
corruptible foundation for all mod
ern science and said all improve
ments of modern life are directly
due to the scientific method.

'The journalist is on the lookout
for the new; and in order to i-ecog
nize it, he must know the old, the
classic. He must get away from a
pet opinion on every subject," the
writer stated. "The classics are nec
essary for a proper perspective."
Tracing the development of Eu
rope from Caesar's biography and
centering European and American
politics in Karl Marx, R. L. Bur
gess, editorial writer of the San
Francisco Examiner, showed a close
relation of the classics to the mod
ern journalist at the dinner meeting
of Sigma Delta Chi at the President
hotel last night.

Burgess chose Euclid as a third
great classic on whom rests the in
corruptible foundation for all mod
ern science and said all improve
ments of modern life are directly
due to the scientific method.

'The journalist is on the lookout
for the new; and in order to i-ecog
nize it, he must know the old, the
classic. He must get away from a
pet opinion on every subject," the
writer stated. "The classics are nec
essary for a proper perspective."
Tracing the development of Eu
rope from Caesar's biography and
centering European and American
politics in Karl Marx, R. L. Bur
gess, editorial writer of the San
Francisco Examiner, showed a close
relation of the classics to the mod
ern journalist at the dinner meeting
of Sigma Delta Chi at the President
hotel last night.

Burgess chose Euclid as a third
great classic on whom rests the in
corruptible foundation for all mod
ern science and said all improve
ments of modern life are directly
due to the scientific method.

'The journalist is on the lookout
for the new; and in order to i-ecog
nize it, he must know the old, the
classic. He must get away from a
pet opinion on every subject," the
writer stated. "The classics are nec
essary for a proper perspective."
