# Stars and Solons Split Two Games
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, April 16 (UP).—
Sacramento and Hollywood split a
double-header here Saturday, with
the Soions taking the first game, 5
to 3, and the Stars winning the
seven-inning nightcap by the same
score.
Nick Cullop rapped in two runs
and Dib Williams two more for Sac
ramento in the first game. Johnny
Vergez hit successive home runs for
Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, April 16 (UP).—
Sacramento and Hollywood split a
double-header here Saturday, with
the Soions taking the first game, 5
to 3, and the Stars winning the
seven-inning nightcap by the same
score.
Nick Cullop rapped in two runs
and Dib Williams two more for Sac
ramento in the first game. Johnny
Vergez hit successive home runs for
Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, April 16 (UP).—
Sacramento and Hollywood split a
double-header here Saturday, with
the Soions taking the first game, 5
to 3, and the Stars winning the
seven-inning nightcap by the same
score.
Nick Cullop rapped in two runs
and Dib Williams two more for Sac
ramento in the first game. Johnny
Vergez hit successive home runs for
Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, April 16 (UP).—
Sacramento and Hollywood split a
double-header here Saturday, with
the Soions taking the first game, 5
to 3, and the Stars winning the
seven-inning nightcap by the same
score.
Nick Cullop rapped in two runs
and Dib Williams two more for Sac
ramento in the first game. Johnny
Vergez hit successive home runs for
Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, April 16 (UP).—
Sacramento and Hollywood split a
double-header here Saturday, with
the Soions taking the first game, 5
to 3, and the Stars winning the
seven-inning nightcap by the same
score.
Nick Cullop rapped in two runs
and Dib Williams two more for Sac
ramento in the first game. Johnny
Vergez hit successive home runs for
Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, April 16 (UP).—
Sacramento and Hollywood split a
double-header here Saturday, with
the Soions taking the first game, 5
to 3, and the Stars winning the
seven-inning nightcap by the same
score.
Nick Cullop rapped in two runs
and Dib Williams two more for Sac
ramento in the first game. Johnny
Vergez hit successive home runs for
Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, April 16 (UP).—
Sacramento and Hollywood split a
double-header here Saturday, with
the Soions taking the first game, 5
to 3, and the Stars winning the
seven-inning nightcap by the same
score.
Nick Cullop rapped in two runs
and Dib Williams two more for Sac
ramento in the first game. Johnny
Vergez hit successive home runs for
Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, April 16 (UP).—
Sacramento and Hollywood split a
double-header here Saturday, with
the Soions taking the first game, 5
to 3, and the Stars winning the
seven-inning nightcap by the same
score.
Nick Cullop rapped in two runs
and Dib Williams two more for Sac
ramento in the first game. Johnny
Vergez hit successive home runs for
Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, April 16 (UP).—
Sacramento and Hollywood split a
double-header here Saturday, with
the Soions taking the first game, 5
to 3, and the Stars winning the
seven-inning nightcap by the same
score.
Nick Cullop rapped in two runs
and Dib Williams two more for Sac
ramento in the first game. Johnny
Vergez hit successive home runs for
Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, April 16 (UP).—
Sacramento and Hollywood split a
double-header here Saturday, with
the Soions taking the first game, 5
to 3, and the Stars winning the
seven-inning nightcap by the same
score.
Nick Cullop rapped in two runs
and Dib Williams two more for Sac
ramento in the first game. Johnny
Vergez hit successive home runs for
Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, April 16 (UP).—
Sacramento and Hollywood split a
double-header here Saturday, with
the Soions taking the first game, 5
to 3, and the Stars winning the
seven-inning nightcap by the same
score.
Nick Cullop rapped in two runs
and Dib Williams two more for Sac
ramento in the first game. Johnny
Vergez hit successive home runs for
Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, April 16 (UP).—
Sacramento and Hollywood split a
double-header here Saturday, with
the Soions taking the first game, 5
to 3, and the Stars winning the
seven-inning nightcap by the same
score.
Nick Cullop rapped in two runs
and Dib Williams two more for Sac
ramento in the first game. Johnny
Vergez hit successive home runs for
Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, April 16 (UP).—
Sacramento and Hollywood split a
double-header here Saturday, with
the Soions taking the first game, 5
to 3, and the Stars winning the
seven-inning nightcap by the same
score.
Nick Cullop rapped in two runs
and Dib Williams two more for Sac
ramento in the first game. Johnny
Vergez hit successive home runs for
Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, April 16 (UP).—
Sacramento and Hollywood split a
double-header here Saturday, with
the Soions taking the first game, 5
to 3, and the Stars winning the
seven-inning nightcap by the same
score.
Nick Cullop rapped in two runs
and Dib Williams two more for Sac
ramento in the first game. Johnny
Vergez hit successive home runs for
Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, April 16 (UP).—
Sacramento and Hollywood split a
double-header here Saturday, with
the Soions taking the first game, 5
to 3, and the Stars winning the
seven-inning nightcap by the same
score.
Nick Cullop rapped in two runs
and Dib Williams two more for Sac
ramento in the first game. Johnny
Vergez hit successive home runs for
Sacramento.
