# Golf Tourney To Be Staged On Card Links
## 
### 
Stanford's picturesque golf
couiso has boon selected as Ihe
site of the 19(50 Women's Colleg
iate Golf Tournament.
More than 100 collegiate golfers
will compete in the sixteenth an
nual event which will start June
20 and continue for four days.
The tournament will be open to
all regularly-enrolled women stu
dents at U.S. colleges and univers
ities. It will consist of IS-hole
match play.
Mrs. Carroll Gordon, physical
education instrueetor, is tourney
chairman, with the Women's P.E.
Department and Women's Rec
reation Association acting as
hostesses. Application blanks may
be obtained by writing Mrs.
Gordon.
Stanford's leading hope in the
tournament will probably be
sophomore Nancy Young.
Stanford's picturesque golf
couiso has boon selected as Ihe
site of the 19(50 Women's Colleg
iate Golf Tournament.
More than 100 collegiate golfers
will compete in the sixteenth an
nual event which will start June
20 and continue for four days.
The tournament will be open to
all regularly-enrolled women stu
dents at U.S. colleges and univers
ities. It will consist of IS-hole
match play.
Mrs. Carroll Gordon, physical
education instrueetor, is tourney
chairman, with the Women's P.E.
Department and Women's Rec
reation Association acting as
hostesses. Application blanks may
be obtained by writing Mrs.
Gordon.
Stanford's leading hope in the
tournament will probably be
sophomore Nancy Young.
Stanford's picturesque golf
couiso has boon selected as Ihe
site of the 19(50 Women's Colleg
iate Golf Tournament.
More than 100 collegiate golfers
will compete in the sixteenth an
nual event which will start June
20 and continue for four days.
The tournament will be open to
all regularly-enrolled women stu
dents at U.S. colleges and univers
ities. It will consist of IS-hole
match play.
Mrs. Carroll Gordon, physical
education instrueetor, is tourney
chairman, with the Women's P.E.
Department and Women's Rec
reation Association acting as
hostesses. Application blanks may
be obtained by writing Mrs.
Gordon.
Stanford's leading hope in the
tournament will probably be
sophomore Nancy Young.
Stanford's picturesque golf
couiso has boon selected as Ihe
site of the 19(50 Women's Colleg
iate Golf Tournament.
More than 100 collegiate golfers
will compete in the sixteenth an
nual event which will start June
20 and continue for four days.
The tournament will be open to
all regularly-enrolled women stu
dents at U.S. colleges and univers
ities. It will consist of IS-hole
match play.
Mrs. Carroll Gordon, physical
education instrueetor, is tourney
chairman, with the Women's P.E.
Department and Women's Rec
reation Association acting as
hostesses. Application blanks may
be obtained by writing Mrs.
Gordon.
Stanford's leading hope in the
tournament will probably be
sophomore Nancy Young.
Stanford's picturesque golf
couiso has boon selected as Ihe
site of the 19(50 Women's Colleg
iate Golf Tournament.
More than 100 collegiate golfers
will compete in the sixteenth an
nual event which will start June
20 and continue for four days.
The tournament will be open to
all regularly-enrolled women stu
dents at U.S. colleges and univers
ities. It will consist of IS-hole
match play.
Mrs. Carroll Gordon, physical
education instrueetor, is tourney
chairman, with the Women's P.E.
Department and Women's Rec
reation Association acting as
hostesses. Application blanks may
be obtained by writing Mrs.
Gordon.
Stanford's leading hope in the
tournament will probably be
sophomore Nancy Young.
Stanford's picturesque golf
couiso has boon selected as Ihe
site of the 19(50 Women's Colleg
iate Golf Tournament.
More than 100 collegiate golfers
will compete in the sixteenth an
nual event which will start June
20 and continue for four days.
The tournament will be open to
all regularly-enrolled women stu
dents at U.S. colleges and univers
ities. It will consist of IS-hole
match play.
Mrs. Carroll Gordon, physical
education instrueetor, is tourney
chairman, with the Women's P.E.
Department and Women's Rec
reation Association acting as
hostesses. Application blanks may
be obtained by writing Mrs.
Gordon.
Stanford's leading hope in the
tournament will probably be
sophomore Nancy Young.
Stanford's picturesque golf
couiso has boon selected as Ihe
site of the 19(50 Women's Colleg
iate Golf Tournament.
More than 100 collegiate golfers
will compete in the sixteenth an
nual event which will start June
20 and continue for four days.
The tournament will be open to
all regularly-enrolled women stu
dents at U.S. colleges and univers
ities. It will consist of IS-hole
match play.
Mrs. Carroll Gordon, physical
education instrueetor, is tourney
chairman, with the Women's P.E.
Department and Women's Rec
reation Association acting as
hostesses. Application blanks may
be obtained by writing Mrs.
Gordon.
Stanford's leading hope in the
tournament will probably be
sophomore Nancy Young.
Stanford's picturesque golf
couiso has boon selected as Ihe
site of the 19(50 Women's Colleg
iate Golf Tournament.
More than 100 collegiate golfers
will compete in the sixteenth an
nual event which will start June
20 and continue for four days.
The tournament will be open to
all regularly-enrolled women stu
dents at U.S. colleges and univers
ities. It will consist of IS-hole
match play.
Mrs. Carroll Gordon, physical
education instrueetor, is tourney
chairman, with the Women's P.E.
Department and Women's Rec
reation Association acting as
hostesses. Application blanks may
be obtained by writing Mrs.
Gordon.
Stanford's leading hope in the
tournament will probably be
sophomore Nancy Young.
Stanford's picturesque golf
couiso has boon selected as Ihe
site of the 19(50 Women's Colleg
iate Golf Tournament.
More than 100 collegiate golfers
will compete in the sixteenth an
nual event which will start June
20 and continue for four days.
The tournament will be open to
all regularly-enrolled women stu
dents at U.S. colleges and univers
ities. It will consist of IS-hole
match play.
Mrs. Carroll Gordon, physical
education instrueetor, is tourney
chairman, with the Women's P.E.
Department and Women's Rec
reation Association acting as
hostesses. Application blanks may
be obtained by writing Mrs.
Gordon.
Stanford's leading hope in the
tournament will probably be
sophomore Nancy Young.
Stanford's picturesque golf
couiso has boon selected as Ihe
site of the 19(50 Women's Colleg
iate Golf Tournament.
More than 100 collegiate golfers
will compete in the sixteenth an
nual event which will start June
20 and continue for four days.
The tournament will be open to
all regularly-enrolled women stu
dents at U.S. colleges and univers
ities. It will consist of IS-hole
match play.
Mrs. Carroll Gordon, physical
education instrueetor, is tourney
chairman, with the Women's P.E.
Department and Women's Rec
reation Association acting as
hostesses. Application blanks may
be obtained by writing Mrs.
Gordon.
Stanford's leading hope in the
tournament will probably be
sophomore Nancy Young.
Stanford's picturesque golf
couiso has boon selected as Ihe
site of the 19(50 Women's Colleg
iate Golf Tournament.
More than 100 collegiate golfers
will compete in the sixteenth an
nual event which will start June
20 and continue for four days.
The tournament will be open to
all regularly-enrolled women stu
dents at U.S. colleges and univers
ities. It will consist of IS-hole
match play.
Mrs. Carroll Gordon, physical
education instrueetor, is tourney
chairman, with the Women's P.E.
Department and Women's Rec
reation Association acting as
hostesses. Application blanks may
be obtained by writing Mrs.
Gordon.
Stanford's leading hope in the
tournament will probably be
sophomore Nancy Young.
Stanford's picturesque golf
couiso has boon selected as Ihe
site of the 19(50 Women's Colleg
iate Golf Tournament.
More than 100 collegiate golfers
will compete in the sixteenth an
nual event which will start June
20 and continue for four days.
The tournament will be open to
all regularly-enrolled women stu
dents at U.S. colleges and univers
ities. It will consist of IS-hole
match play.
Mrs. Carroll Gordon, physical
education instrueetor, is tourney
chairman, with the Women's P.E.
Department and Women's Rec
reation Association acting as
hostesses. Application blanks may
be obtained by writing Mrs.
Gordon.
Stanford's leading hope in the
tournament will probably be
sophomore Nancy Young.
Stanford's picturesque golf
couiso has boon selected as Ihe
site of the 19(50 Women's Colleg
iate Golf Tournament.
More than 100 collegiate golfers
will compete in the sixteenth an
nual event which will start June
20 and continue for four days.
The tournament will be open to
all regularly-enrolled women stu
dents at U.S. colleges and univers
ities. It will consist of IS-hole
match play.
Mrs. Carroll Gordon, physical
education instrueetor, is tourney
chairman, with the Women's P.E.
Department and Women's Rec
reation Association acting as
hostesses. Application blanks may
be obtained by writing Mrs.
Gordon.
Stanford's leading hope in the
tournament will probably be
sophomore Nancy Young.
Stanford's picturesque golf
couiso has boon selected as Ihe
site of the 19(50 Women's Colleg
iate Golf Tournament.
More than 100 collegiate golfers
will compete in the sixteenth an
nual event which will start June
20 and continue for four days.
The tournament will be open to
all regularly-enrolled women stu
dents at U.S. colleges and univers
ities. It will consist of IS-hole
match play.
Mrs. Carroll Gordon, physical
education instrueetor, is tourney
chairman, with the Women's P.E.
Department and Women's Rec
reation Association acting as
hostesses. Application blanks may
be obtained by writing Mrs.
Gordon.
Stanford's leading hope in the
tournament will probably be
sophomore Nancy Young.
Stanford's picturesque golf
couiso has boon selected as Ihe
site of the 19(50 Women's Colleg
iate Golf Tournament.
More than 100 collegiate golfers
will compete in the sixteenth an
nual event which will start June
20 and continue for four days.
The tournament will be open to
all regularly-enrolled women stu
dents at U.S. colleges and univers
ities. It will consist of IS-hole
match play.
Mrs. Carroll Gordon, physical
education instrueetor, is tourney
chairman, with the Women's P.E.
Department and Women's Rec
reation Association acting as
hostesses. Application blanks may
be obtained by writing Mrs.
Gordon.
Stanford's leading hope in the
tournament will probably be
sophomore Nancy Young.
Stanford's picturesque golf
couiso has boon selected as Ihe
site of the 19(50 Women's Colleg
iate Golf Tournament.
More than 100 collegiate golfers
will compete in the sixteenth an
nual event which will start June
20 and continue for four days.
The tournament will be open to
all regularly-enrolled women stu
dents at U.S. colleges and univers
ities. It will consist of IS-hole
match play.
Mrs. Carroll Gordon, physical
education instrueetor, is tourney
chairman, with the Women's P.E.
Department and Women's Rec
reation Association acting as
hostesses. Application blanks may
be obtained by writing Mrs.
Gordon.
Stanford's leading hope in the
tournament will probably be
sophomore Nancy Young.
Stanford's picturesque golf
couiso has boon selected as Ihe
site of the 19(50 Women's Colleg
iate Golf Tournament.
More than 100 collegiate golfers
will compete in the sixteenth an
nual event which will start June
20 and continue for four days.
The tournament will be open to
all regularly-enrolled women stu
dents at U.S. colleges and univers
ities. It will consist of IS-hole
match play.
Mrs. Carroll Gordon, physical
education instrueetor, is tourney
chairman, with the Women's P.E.
Department and Women's Rec
reation Association acting as
hostesses. Application blanks may
be obtained by writing Mrs.
Gordon.
Stanford's leading hope in the
tournament will probably be
sophomore Nancy Young.
Stanford's picturesque golf
couiso has boon selected as Ihe
site of the 19(50 Women's Colleg
iate Golf Tournament.
More than 100 collegiate golfers
will compete in the sixteenth an
nual event which will start June
20 and continue for four days.
The tournament will be open to
all regularly-enrolled women stu
dents at U.S. colleges and univers
ities. It will consist of IS-hole
match play.
Mrs. Carroll Gordon, physical
education instrueetor, is tourney
chairman, with the Women's P.E.
Department and Women's Rec
reation Association acting as
hostesses. Application blanks may
be obtained by writing Mrs.
Gordon.
Stanford's leading hope in the
tournament will probably be
sophomore Nancy Young.
