# Forty-Niners Blanked
## 
### 
CHICAGO (UPD—The Chicago
Bears bent the barrel of San Fran
cisco’s famed “shotgun offense”
yesterday, intercepting three
passes and recovering three fum
bles in a 31-0 victory over the
Forty Niners.

For the Bears, who found no
surprises in the shotgun attack,
it was their first shutout over
San Francisco since 1951 and im
proved their National Football
League mark to 4-2.
CHICAGO (UPD—The Chicago
Bears bent the barrel of San Fran
cisco’s famed “shotgun offense”
yesterday, intercepting three
passes and recovering three fum
bles in a 31-0 victory over the
Forty Niners.

For the Bears, who found no
surprises in the shotgun attack,
it was their first shutout over
San Francisco since 1951 and im
proved their National Football
League mark to 4-2.
CHICAGO (UPD—The Chicago
Bears bent the barrel of San Fran
cisco’s famed “shotgun offense”
yesterday, intercepting three
passes and recovering three fum
bles in a 31-0 victory over the
Forty Niners.

For the Bears, who found no
surprises in the shotgun attack,
it was their first shutout over
San Francisco since 1951 and im
proved their National Football
League mark to 4-2.
CHICAGO (UPD—The Chicago
Bears bent the barrel of San Fran
cisco’s famed “shotgun offense”
yesterday, intercepting three
passes and recovering three fum
bles in a 31-0 victory over the
Forty Niners.

For the Bears, who found no
surprises in the shotgun attack,
it was their first shutout over
San Francisco since 1951 and im
proved their National Football
League mark to 4-2.
CHICAGO (UPD—The Chicago
Bears bent the barrel of San Fran
cisco’s famed “shotgun offense”
yesterday, intercepting three
passes and recovering three fum
bles in a 31-0 victory over the
Forty Niners.

For the Bears, who found no
surprises in the shotgun attack,
it was their first shutout over
San Francisco since 1951 and im
proved their National Football
League mark to 4-2.
CHICAGO (UPD—The Chicago
Bears bent the barrel of San Fran
cisco’s famed “shotgun offense”
yesterday, intercepting three
passes and recovering three fum
bles in a 31-0 victory over the
Forty Niners.

For the Bears, who found no
surprises in the shotgun attack,
it was their first shutout over
San Francisco since 1951 and im
proved their National Football
League mark to 4-2.
CHICAGO (UPD—The Chicago
Bears bent the barrel of San Fran
cisco’s famed “shotgun offense”
yesterday, intercepting three
passes and recovering three fum
bles in a 31-0 victory over the
Forty Niners.

For the Bears, who found no
surprises in the shotgun attack,
it was their first shutout over
San Francisco since 1951 and im
proved their National Football
League mark to 4-2.
CHICAGO (UPD—The Chicago
Bears bent the barrel of San Fran
cisco’s famed “shotgun offense”
yesterday, intercepting three
passes and recovering three fum
bles in a 31-0 victory over the
Forty Niners.

For the Bears, who found no
surprises in the shotgun attack,
it was their first shutout over
San Francisco since 1951 and im
proved their National Football
League mark to 4-2.
CHICAGO (UPD—The Chicago
Bears bent the barrel of San Fran
cisco’s famed “shotgun offense”
yesterday, intercepting three
passes and recovering three fum
bles in a 31-0 victory over the
Forty Niners.

For the Bears, who found no
surprises in the shotgun attack,
it was their first shutout over
San Francisco since 1951 and im
proved their National Football
League mark to 4-2.
CHICAGO (UPD—The Chicago
Bears bent the barrel of San Fran
cisco’s famed “shotgun offense”
yesterday, intercepting three
passes and recovering three fum
bles in a 31-0 victory over the
Forty Niners.

For the Bears, who found no
surprises in the shotgun attack,
it was their first shutout over
San Francisco since 1951 and im
proved their National Football
League mark to 4-2.
CHICAGO (UPD—The Chicago
Bears bent the barrel of San Fran
cisco’s famed “shotgun offense”
yesterday, intercepting three
passes and recovering three fum
bles in a 31-0 victory over the
Forty Niners.

For the Bears, who found no
surprises in the shotgun attack,
it was their first shutout over
San Francisco since 1951 and im
proved their National Football
League mark to 4-2.
CHICAGO (UPD—The Chicago
Bears bent the barrel of San Fran
cisco’s famed “shotgun offense”
yesterday, intercepting three
passes and recovering three fum
bles in a 31-0 victory over the
Forty Niners.

For the Bears, who found no
surprises in the shotgun attack,
it was their first shutout over
San Francisco since 1951 and im
proved their National Football
League mark to 4-2.
CHICAGO (UPD—The Chicago
Bears bent the barrel of San Fran
cisco’s famed “shotgun offense”
yesterday, intercepting three
passes and recovering three fum
bles in a 31-0 victory over the
Forty Niners.

For the Bears, who found no
surprises in the shotgun attack,
it was their first shutout over
San Francisco since 1951 and im
proved their National Football
League mark to 4-2.
CHICAGO (UPD—The Chicago
Bears bent the barrel of San Fran
cisco’s famed “shotgun offense”
yesterday, intercepting three
passes and recovering three fum
bles in a 31-0 victory over the
Forty Niners.

For the Bears, who found no
surprises in the shotgun attack,
it was their first shutout over
San Francisco since 1951 and im
proved their National Football
League mark to 4-2.
CHICAGO (UPD—The Chicago
Bears bent the barrel of San Fran
cisco’s famed “shotgun offense”
yesterday, intercepting three
passes and recovering three fum
bles in a 31-0 victory over the
Forty Niners.

For the Bears, who found no
surprises in the shotgun attack,
it was their first shutout over
San Francisco since 1951 and im
proved their National Football
League mark to 4-2.
CHICAGO (UPD—The Chicago
Bears bent the barrel of San Fran
cisco’s famed “shotgun offense”
yesterday, intercepting three
passes and recovering three fum
bles in a 31-0 victory over the
Forty Niners.

For the Bears, who found no
surprises in the shotgun attack,
it was their first shutout over
San Francisco since 1951 and im
proved their National Football
League mark to 4-2.
CHICAGO (UPD—The Chicago
Bears bent the barrel of San Fran
cisco’s famed “shotgun offense”
yesterday, intercepting three
passes and recovering three fum
bles in a 31-0 victory over the
Forty Niners.

For the Bears, who found no
surprises in the shotgun attack,
it was their first shutout over
San Francisco since 1951 and im
proved their National Football
League mark to 4-2.
