# Sigma Nu Downs Sigma Chi, 13-0
## 
### 
Sigma Nu scored twice on long
passes by quarterback Jim Harris
to beat Sigma Chi, 13-0 in Satur
day’s intramural contest. Both
passes came in the second half
when ends Thorny Smith and
John Luce each ran the ball over
the Sigma Chi goal line.
Other scores were SRAC 25,
Barflies 0; DU I 21, Fiji 0; Beta
Biz I 18, Cro Mem 0; P’remont 6,
Burbank I 0; Serra I over Lassen
on default; Capitan 6, Campo 0;
Alpha Delt beat Delta Chi on yard
age playoff: ATO I 6, KA I 0; Chi
Psi over Alpha Sig on yardage
playoff; Cedro I 12, Trancos 0;
Junipero I 6, Otero I 0; Village
over Alpha Biz on default; Rincon
ada I 19, Madera 6; Phi Delt II 6,
KA II 0; Zete I 6, Theta Delt 0;
and SAE II 24, Breakers II 0.
