# Nestorian.
## 
### 
The Nestorian Literary Society
held a business meeting Saturday
evening. The following officers
were elected: President, Walter N.
Fong, '9(1; vice-president, Henry
Harwood, '96; secretary-treasurer,
Fred S. Howard, '98; division
leaders, F. I. Burcham, '97, and
P. (J. Nutting, -( .>7.
The Nestorian Literary Society
held a business meeting Saturday
evening. The following officers
were elected: President, Walter N.
Fong, '9(1; vice-president, Henry
Harwood, '96; secretary-treasurer,
Fred S. Howard, '98; division
leaders, F. I. Burcham, '97, and
P. (J. Nutting, -( .>7.
The Nestorian Literary Society
held a business meeting Saturday
evening. The following officers
were elected: President, Walter N.
Fong, '9(1; vice-president, Henry
Harwood, '96; secretary-treasurer,
Fred S. Howard, '98; division
leaders, F. I. Burcham, '97, and
P. (J. Nutting, -( .>7.
The Nestorian Literary Society
held a business meeting Saturday
evening. The following officers
were elected: President, Walter N.
Fong, '9(1; vice-president, Henry
Harwood, '96; secretary-treasurer,
Fred S. Howard, '98; division
leaders, F. I. Burcham, '97, and
P. (J. Nutting, -( .>7.
