# VELVET COATS BEST WHEN GAY IN HUE, TOUCHING THE HEEL
## Coolie Influence Strong In Short Formal Wraps 
### 
Velvet again appears to be the
smartest thing in evening wraps.
Both the stiff Lyons velvet and the
softer velvets are being used and in
a great variety of colors. As velvet
takes color exceptionally well, lus
cious reds, soft greens, and vivid
blues, as well as the usual fashion
able black, will be seen at all the
campus formals.
The smartest wraps seen this year
are those new full-length ones that
extend even over the heel. These
regal* looking coats give any co-ed
that feeling of elegance that is so
essential to the success of an evening.
Shorter wraps, too. are being seen
on the campus, and the favorite
along this line is the one of coolie
influence. This fashion achieved
great prominence during the past
summer in both daytime and eve
ning wear.
Other leading fabrics in evening
wraps are those shot with gold.
Heavy silks with gold threads or
tiny gold patterns woven through,
and lames combining color and metal
are outstanding.
Velvet again appears to be the
smartest thing in evening wraps.
Both the stiff Lyons velvet and the
softer velvets are being used and in
a great variety of colors. As velvet
takes color exceptionally well, lus
cious reds, soft greens, and vivid
blues, as well as the usual fashion
able black, will be seen at all the
campus formals.
The smartest wraps seen this year
are those new full-length ones that
extend even over the heel. These
regal* looking coats give any co-ed
that feeling of elegance that is so
essential to the success of an evening.
Shorter wraps, too. are being seen
on the campus, and the favorite
along this line is the one of coolie
influence. This fashion achieved
great prominence during the past
summer in both daytime and eve
ning wear.
Other leading fabrics in evening
wraps are those shot with gold.
Heavy silks with gold threads or
tiny gold patterns woven through,
and lames combining color and metal
are outstanding.
Velvet again appears to be the
smartest thing in evening wraps.
Both the stiff Lyons velvet and the
softer velvets are being used and in
a great variety of colors. As velvet
takes color exceptionally well, lus
cious reds, soft greens, and vivid
blues, as well as the usual fashion
able black, will be seen at all the
campus formals.
The smartest wraps seen this year
are those new full-length ones that
extend even over the heel. These
regal* looking coats give any co-ed
that feeling of elegance that is so
essential to the success of an evening.
Shorter wraps, too. are being seen
on the campus, and the favorite
along this line is the one of coolie
influence. This fashion achieved
great prominence during the past
summer in both daytime and eve
ning wear.
Other leading fabrics in evening
wraps are those shot with gold.
Heavy silks with gold threads or
tiny gold patterns woven through,
and lames combining color and metal
are outstanding.
Velvet again appears to be the
smartest thing in evening wraps.
Both the stiff Lyons velvet and the
softer velvets are being used and in
a great variety of colors. As velvet
takes color exceptionally well, lus
cious reds, soft greens, and vivid
blues, as well as the usual fashion
able black, will be seen at all the
campus formals.
The smartest wraps seen this year
are those new full-length ones that
extend even over the heel. These
regal* looking coats give any co-ed
that feeling of elegance that is so
essential to the success of an evening.
Shorter wraps, too. are being seen
on the campus, and the favorite
along this line is the one of coolie
influence. This fashion achieved
great prominence during the past
summer in both daytime and eve
ning wear.
Other leading fabrics in evening
wraps are those shot with gold.
Heavy silks with gold threads or
tiny gold patterns woven through,
and lames combining color and metal
are outstanding.
Velvet again appears to be the
smartest thing in evening wraps.
Both the stiff Lyons velvet and the
softer velvets are being used and in
a great variety of colors. As velvet
takes color exceptionally well, lus
cious reds, soft greens, and vivid
blues, as well as the usual fashion
able black, will be seen at all the
campus formals.
The smartest wraps seen this year
are those new full-length ones that
extend even over the heel. These
regal* looking coats give any co-ed
that feeling of elegance that is so
essential to the success of an evening.
Shorter wraps, too. are being seen
on the campus, and the favorite
along this line is the one of coolie
influence. This fashion achieved
great prominence during the past
summer in both daytime and eve
ning wear.
Other leading fabrics in evening
wraps are those shot with gold.
Heavy silks with gold threads or
tiny gold patterns woven through,
and lames combining color and metal
are outstanding.
Velvet again appears to be the
smartest thing in evening wraps.
Both the stiff Lyons velvet and the
softer velvets are being used and in
a great variety of colors. As velvet
takes color exceptionally well, lus
cious reds, soft greens, and vivid
blues, as well as the usual fashion
able black, will be seen at all the
campus formals.
The smartest wraps seen this year
are those new full-length ones that
extend even over the heel. These
regal* looking coats give any co-ed
that feeling of elegance that is so
essential to the success of an evening.
Shorter wraps, too. are being seen
on the campus, and the favorite
along this line is the one of coolie
influence. This fashion achieved
great prominence during the past
summer in both daytime and eve
ning wear.
Other leading fabrics in evening
wraps are those shot with gold.
Heavy silks with gold threads or
tiny gold patterns woven through,
and lames combining color and metal
are outstanding.
Velvet again appears to be the
smartest thing in evening wraps.
Both the stiff Lyons velvet and the
softer velvets are being used and in
a great variety of colors. As velvet
takes color exceptionally well, lus
cious reds, soft greens, and vivid
blues, as well as the usual fashion
able black, will be seen at all the
campus formals.
The smartest wraps seen this year
are those new full-length ones that
extend even over the heel. These
regal* looking coats give any co-ed
that feeling of elegance that is so
essential to the success of an evening.
Shorter wraps, too. are being seen
on the campus, and the favorite
along this line is the one of coolie
influence. This fashion achieved
great prominence during the past
summer in both daytime and eve
ning wear.
Other leading fabrics in evening
wraps are those shot with gold.
Heavy silks with gold threads or
tiny gold patterns woven through,
and lames combining color and metal
are outstanding.
Velvet again appears to be the
smartest thing in evening wraps.
Both the stiff Lyons velvet and the
softer velvets are being used and in
a great variety of colors. As velvet
takes color exceptionally well, lus
cious reds, soft greens, and vivid
blues, as well as the usual fashion
able black, will be seen at all the
campus formals.
The smartest wraps seen this year
are those new full-length ones that
extend even over the heel. These
regal* looking coats give any co-ed
that feeling of elegance that is so
essential to the success of an evening.
Shorter wraps, too. are being seen
on the campus, and the favorite
along this line is the one of coolie
influence. This fashion achieved
great prominence during the past
summer in both daytime and eve
ning wear.
Other leading fabrics in evening
wraps are those shot with gold.
Heavy silks with gold threads or
tiny gold patterns woven through,
and lames combining color and metal
are outstanding.
Velvet again appears to be the
smartest thing in evening wraps.
Both the stiff Lyons velvet and the
softer velvets are being used and in
a great variety of colors. As velvet
takes color exceptionally well, lus
cious reds, soft greens, and vivid
blues, as well as the usual fashion
able black, will be seen at all the
campus formals.
The smartest wraps seen this year
are those new full-length ones that
extend even over the heel. These
regal* looking coats give any co-ed
that feeling of elegance that is so
essential to the success of an evening.
Shorter wraps, too. are being seen
on the campus, and the favorite
along this line is the one of coolie
influence. This fashion achieved
great prominence during the past
summer in both daytime and eve
ning wear.
Other leading fabrics in evening
wraps are those shot with gold.
Heavy silks with gold threads or
tiny gold patterns woven through,
and lames combining color and metal
are outstanding.
Velvet again appears to be the
smartest thing in evening wraps.
Both the stiff Lyons velvet and the
softer velvets are being used and in
a great variety of colors. As velvet
takes color exceptionally well, lus
cious reds, soft greens, and vivid
blues, as well as the usual fashion
able black, will be seen at all the
campus formals.
The smartest wraps seen this year
are those new full-length ones that
extend even over the heel. These
regal* looking coats give any co-ed
that feeling of elegance that is so
essential to the success of an evening.
Shorter wraps, too. are being seen
on the campus, and the favorite
along this line is the one of coolie
influence. This fashion achieved
great prominence during the past
summer in both daytime and eve
ning wear.
Other leading fabrics in evening
wraps are those shot with gold.
Heavy silks with gold threads or
tiny gold patterns woven through,
and lames combining color and metal
are outstanding.
Velvet again appears to be the
smartest thing in evening wraps.
Both the stiff Lyons velvet and the
softer velvets are being used and in
a great variety of colors. As velvet
takes color exceptionally well, lus
cious reds, soft greens, and vivid
blues, as well as the usual fashion
able black, will be seen at all the
campus formals.
The smartest wraps seen this year
are those new full-length ones that
extend even over the heel. These
regal* looking coats give any co-ed
that feeling of elegance that is so
essential to the success of an evening.
Shorter wraps, too. are being seen
on the campus, and the favorite
along this line is the one of coolie
influence. This fashion achieved
great prominence during the past
summer in both daytime and eve
ning wear.
Other leading fabrics in evening
wraps are those shot with gold.
Heavy silks with gold threads or
tiny gold patterns woven through,
and lames combining color and metal
are outstanding.
Velvet again appears to be the
smartest thing in evening wraps.
Both the stiff Lyons velvet and the
softer velvets are being used and in
a great variety of colors. As velvet
takes color exceptionally well, lus
cious reds, soft greens, and vivid
blues, as well as the usual fashion
able black, will be seen at all the
campus formals.
The smartest wraps seen this year
are those new full-length ones that
extend even over the heel. These
regal* looking coats give any co-ed
that feeling of elegance that is so
essential to the success of an evening.
Shorter wraps, too. are being seen
on the campus, and the favorite
along this line is the one of coolie
influence. This fashion achieved
great prominence during the past
summer in both daytime and eve
ning wear.
Other leading fabrics in evening
wraps are those shot with gold.
Heavy silks with gold threads or
tiny gold patterns woven through,
and lames combining color and metal
are outstanding.
Velvet again appears to be the
smartest thing in evening wraps.
Both the stiff Lyons velvet and the
softer velvets are being used and in
a great variety of colors. As velvet
takes color exceptionally well, lus
cious reds, soft greens, and vivid
blues, as well as the usual fashion
able black, will be seen at all the
campus formals.
The smartest wraps seen this year
are those new full-length ones that
extend even over the heel. These
regal* looking coats give any co-ed
that feeling of elegance that is so
essential to the success of an evening.
Shorter wraps, too. are being seen
on the campus, and the favorite
along this line is the one of coolie
influence. This fashion achieved
great prominence during the past
summer in both daytime and eve
ning wear.
Other leading fabrics in evening
wraps are those shot with gold.
Heavy silks with gold threads or
tiny gold patterns woven through,
and lames combining color and metal
are outstanding.
Velvet again appears to be the
smartest thing in evening wraps.
Both the stiff Lyons velvet and the
softer velvets are being used and in
a great variety of colors. As velvet
takes color exceptionally well, lus
cious reds, soft greens, and vivid
blues, as well as the usual fashion
able black, will be seen at all the
campus formals.
The smartest wraps seen this year
are those new full-length ones that
extend even over the heel. These
regal* looking coats give any co-ed
that feeling of elegance that is so
essential to the success of an evening.
Shorter wraps, too. are being seen
on the campus, and the favorite
along this line is the one of coolie
influence. This fashion achieved
great prominence during the past
summer in both daytime and eve
ning wear.
Other leading fabrics in evening
wraps are those shot with gold.
Heavy silks with gold threads or
tiny gold patterns woven through,
and lames combining color and metal
are outstanding.
Velvet again appears to be the
smartest thing in evening wraps.
Both the stiff Lyons velvet and the
softer velvets are being used and in
a great variety of colors. As velvet
takes color exceptionally well, lus
cious reds, soft greens, and vivid
blues, as well as the usual fashion
able black, will be seen at all the
campus formals.
The smartest wraps seen this year
are those new full-length ones that
extend even over the heel. These
regal* looking coats give any co-ed
that feeling of elegance that is so
essential to the success of an evening.
Shorter wraps, too. are being seen
on the campus, and the favorite
along this line is the one of coolie
influence. This fashion achieved
great prominence during the past
summer in both daytime and eve
ning wear.
Other leading fabrics in evening
wraps are those shot with gold.
Heavy silks with gold threads or
tiny gold patterns woven through,
and lames combining color and metal
are outstanding.
