# CHECKS FOR ROUGHS
## 
### 

This belled sport coat of heavy checked material represents the just
right garment for the college man at football games and on the campus
this fall. With sports the order of the day, any man will be glad of the
I broad-sboulder effect which a coat of this type creates.

This belled sport coat of heavy checked material represents the just
right garment for the college man at football games and on the campus
this fall. With sports the order of the day, any man will be glad of the
I broad-sboulder effect which a coat of this type creates.

This belled sport coat of heavy checked material represents the just
right garment for the college man at football games and on the campus
this fall. With sports the order of the day, any man will be glad of the
I broad-sboulder effect which a coat of this type creates.

This belled sport coat of heavy checked material represents the just
right garment for the college man at football games and on the campus
this fall. With sports the order of the day, any man will be glad of the
I broad-sboulder effect which a coat of this type creates.

This belled sport coat of heavy checked material represents the just
right garment for the college man at football games and on the campus
this fall. With sports the order of the day, any man will be glad of the
I broad-sboulder effect which a coat of this type creates.

This belled sport coat of heavy checked material represents the just
right garment for the college man at football games and on the campus
this fall. With sports the order of the day, any man will be glad of the
I broad-sboulder effect which a coat of this type creates.

This belled sport coat of heavy checked material represents the just
right garment for the college man at football games and on the campus
this fall. With sports the order of the day, any man will be glad of the
I broad-sboulder effect which a coat of this type creates.

This belled sport coat of heavy checked material represents the just
right garment for the college man at football games and on the campus
this fall. With sports the order of the day, any man will be glad of the
I broad-sboulder effect which a coat of this type creates.

This belled sport coat of heavy checked material represents the just
right garment for the college man at football games and on the campus
this fall. With sports the order of the day, any man will be glad of the
I broad-sboulder effect which a coat of this type creates.

This belled sport coat of heavy checked material represents the just
right garment for the college man at football games and on the campus
this fall. With sports the order of the day, any man will be glad of the
I broad-sboulder effect which a coat of this type creates.

This belled sport coat of heavy checked material represents the just
right garment for the college man at football games and on the campus
this fall. With sports the order of the day, any man will be glad of the
I broad-sboulder effect which a coat of this type creates.

This belled sport coat of heavy checked material represents the just
right garment for the college man at football games and on the campus
this fall. With sports the order of the day, any man will be glad of the
I broad-sboulder effect which a coat of this type creates.

This belled sport coat of heavy checked material represents the just
right garment for the college man at football games and on the campus
this fall. With sports the order of the day, any man will be glad of the
I broad-sboulder effect which a coat of this type creates.

This belled sport coat of heavy checked material represents the just
right garment for the college man at football games and on the campus
this fall. With sports the order of the day, any man will be glad of the
I broad-sboulder effect which a coat of this type creates.

This belled sport coat of heavy checked material represents the just
right garment for the college man at football games and on the campus
this fall. With sports the order of the day, any man will be glad of the
I broad-sboulder effect which a coat of this type creates.
