# Paris Chooses Black Hosiery for Evening
## 
### 
Keep a lookout for black hosiery
this fall. That is the very newest
word from Paris. It has been many
seasons since black stockings have
been seen, and their return is being
heralded by smart women.
It is expected (hat they will be
worn only for evening wear, as they
must be the sheerest of the sheer to
be really smart. With glowing au
tumn dress colors, and an intense'
black shoe, the sheer black stocking
v/ill look extremely attractive.
Keep a lookout for black hosiery
this fall. That is the very newest
word from Paris. It has been many
seasons since black stockings have
been seen, and their return is being
heralded by smart women.
It is expected (hat they will be
worn only for evening wear, as they
must be the sheerest of the sheer to
be really smart. With glowing au
tumn dress colors, and an intense'
black shoe, the sheer black stocking
v/ill look extremely attractive.
Keep a lookout for black hosiery
this fall. That is the very newest
word from Paris. It has been many
seasons since black stockings have
been seen, and their return is being
heralded by smart women.
It is expected (hat they will be
worn only for evening wear, as they
must be the sheerest of the sheer to
be really smart. With glowing au
tumn dress colors, and an intense'
black shoe, the sheer black stocking
v/ill look extremely attractive.
Keep a lookout for black hosiery
this fall. That is the very newest
word from Paris. It has been many
seasons since black stockings have
been seen, and their return is being
heralded by smart women.
It is expected (hat they will be
worn only for evening wear, as they
must be the sheerest of the sheer to
be really smart. With glowing au
tumn dress colors, and an intense'
black shoe, the sheer black stocking
v/ill look extremely attractive.
Keep a lookout for black hosiery
this fall. That is the very newest
word from Paris. It has been many
seasons since black stockings have
been seen, and their return is being
heralded by smart women.
It is expected (hat they will be
worn only for evening wear, as they
must be the sheerest of the sheer to
be really smart. With glowing au
tumn dress colors, and an intense'
black shoe, the sheer black stocking
v/ill look extremely attractive.
Keep a lookout for black hosiery
this fall. That is the very newest
word from Paris. It has been many
seasons since black stockings have
been seen, and their return is being
heralded by smart women.
It is expected (hat they will be
worn only for evening wear, as they
must be the sheerest of the sheer to
be really smart. With glowing au
tumn dress colors, and an intense'
black shoe, the sheer black stocking
v/ill look extremely attractive.
Keep a lookout for black hosiery
this fall. That is the very newest
word from Paris. It has been many
seasons since black stockings have
been seen, and their return is being
heralded by smart women.
It is expected (hat they will be
worn only for evening wear, as they
must be the sheerest of the sheer to
be really smart. With glowing au
tumn dress colors, and an intense'
black shoe, the sheer black stocking
v/ill look extremely attractive.
Keep a lookout for black hosiery
this fall. That is the very newest
word from Paris. It has been many
seasons since black stockings have
been seen, and their return is being
heralded by smart women.
It is expected (hat they will be
worn only for evening wear, as they
must be the sheerest of the sheer to
be really smart. With glowing au
tumn dress colors, and an intense'
black shoe, the sheer black stocking
v/ill look extremely attractive.
Keep a lookout for black hosiery
this fall. That is the very newest
word from Paris. It has been many
seasons since black stockings have
been seen, and their return is being
heralded by smart women.
It is expected (hat they will be
worn only for evening wear, as they
must be the sheerest of the sheer to
be really smart. With glowing au
tumn dress colors, and an intense'
black shoe, the sheer black stocking
v/ill look extremely attractive.
Keep a lookout for black hosiery
this fall. That is the very newest
word from Paris. It has been many
seasons since black stockings have
been seen, and their return is being
heralded by smart women.
It is expected (hat they will be
worn only for evening wear, as they
must be the sheerest of the sheer to
be really smart. With glowing au
tumn dress colors, and an intense'
black shoe, the sheer black stocking
v/ill look extremely attractive.
Keep a lookout for black hosiery
this fall. That is the very newest
word from Paris. It has been many
seasons since black stockings have
been seen, and their return is being
heralded by smart women.
It is expected (hat they will be
worn only for evening wear, as they
must be the sheerest of the sheer to
be really smart. With glowing au
tumn dress colors, and an intense'
black shoe, the sheer black stocking
v/ill look extremely attractive.
Keep a lookout for black hosiery
this fall. That is the very newest
word from Paris. It has been many
seasons since black stockings have
been seen, and their return is being
heralded by smart women.
It is expected (hat they will be
worn only for evening wear, as they
must be the sheerest of the sheer to
be really smart. With glowing au
tumn dress colors, and an intense'
black shoe, the sheer black stocking
v/ill look extremely attractive.
Keep a lookout for black hosiery
this fall. That is the very newest
word from Paris. It has been many
seasons since black stockings have
been seen, and their return is being
heralded by smart women.
It is expected (hat they will be
worn only for evening wear, as they
must be the sheerest of the sheer to
be really smart. With glowing au
tumn dress colors, and an intense'
black shoe, the sheer black stocking
v/ill look extremely attractive.
Keep a lookout for black hosiery
this fall. That is the very newest
word from Paris. It has been many
seasons since black stockings have
been seen, and their return is being
heralded by smart women.
It is expected (hat they will be
worn only for evening wear, as they
must be the sheerest of the sheer to
be really smart. With glowing au
tumn dress colors, and an intense'
black shoe, the sheer black stocking
v/ill look extremely attractive.
Keep a lookout for black hosiery
this fall. That is the very newest
word from Paris. It has been many
seasons since black stockings have
been seen, and their return is being
heralded by smart women.
It is expected (hat they will be
worn only for evening wear, as they
must be the sheerest of the sheer to
be really smart. With glowing au
tumn dress colors, and an intense'
black shoe, the sheer black stocking
v/ill look extremely attractive.
