# NAACP MEETING
## 
### 
Jonathan Rowell, Redwood City
attorney, will speak to the National
Association for the Advancement of
Colored People in regard to an al
leged incident of discrimination
which occurred at a highway night
club near campus. The meeting will
take place at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Women's Clubhouse. All interested
persons are welcome.
Jonathan Rowell, Redwood City
attorney, will speak to the National
Association for the Advancement of
Colored People in regard to an al
leged incident of discrimination
which occurred at a highway night
club near campus. The meeting will
take place at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Women's Clubhouse. All interested
persons are welcome.
Jonathan Rowell, Redwood City
attorney, will speak to the National
Association for the Advancement of
Colored People in regard to an al
leged incident of discrimination
which occurred at a highway night
club near campus. The meeting will
take place at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Women's Clubhouse. All interested
persons are welcome.
Jonathan Rowell, Redwood City
attorney, will speak to the National
Association for the Advancement of
Colored People in regard to an al
leged incident of discrimination
which occurred at a highway night
club near campus. The meeting will
take place at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Women's Clubhouse. All interested
persons are welcome.
Jonathan Rowell, Redwood City
attorney, will speak to the National
Association for the Advancement of
Colored People in regard to an al
leged incident of discrimination
which occurred at a highway night
club near campus. The meeting will
take place at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Women's Clubhouse. All interested
persons are welcome.
Jonathan Rowell, Redwood City
attorney, will speak to the National
Association for the Advancement of
Colored People in regard to an al
leged incident of discrimination
which occurred at a highway night
club near campus. The meeting will
take place at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Women's Clubhouse. All interested
persons are welcome.
Jonathan Rowell, Redwood City
attorney, will speak to the National
Association for the Advancement of
Colored People in regard to an al
leged incident of discrimination
which occurred at a highway night
club near campus. The meeting will
take place at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Women's Clubhouse. All interested
persons are welcome.
Jonathan Rowell, Redwood City
attorney, will speak to the National
Association for the Advancement of
Colored People in regard to an al
leged incident of discrimination
which occurred at a highway night
club near campus. The meeting will
take place at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Women's Clubhouse. All interested
persons are welcome.
Jonathan Rowell, Redwood City
attorney, will speak to the National
Association for the Advancement of
Colored People in regard to an al
leged incident of discrimination
which occurred at a highway night
club near campus. The meeting will
take place at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Women's Clubhouse. All interested
persons are welcome.
Jonathan Rowell, Redwood City
attorney, will speak to the National
Association for the Advancement of
Colored People in regard to an al
leged incident of discrimination
which occurred at a highway night
club near campus. The meeting will
take place at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Women's Clubhouse. All interested
persons are welcome.
Jonathan Rowell, Redwood City
attorney, will speak to the National
Association for the Advancement of
Colored People in regard to an al
leged incident of discrimination
which occurred at a highway night
club near campus. The meeting will
take place at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Women's Clubhouse. All interested
persons are welcome.
Jonathan Rowell, Redwood City
attorney, will speak to the National
Association for the Advancement of
Colored People in regard to an al
leged incident of discrimination
which occurred at a highway night
club near campus. The meeting will
take place at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Women's Clubhouse. All interested
persons are welcome.
Jonathan Rowell, Redwood City
attorney, will speak to the National
Association for the Advancement of
Colored People in regard to an al
leged incident of discrimination
which occurred at a highway night
club near campus. The meeting will
take place at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Women's Clubhouse. All interested
persons are welcome.
Jonathan Rowell, Redwood City
attorney, will speak to the National
Association for the Advancement of
Colored People in regard to an al
leged incident of discrimination
which occurred at a highway night
club near campus. The meeting will
take place at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Women's Clubhouse. All interested
persons are welcome.
