# Stanford, Columbia Faculty Men Co-Authors of Reader
## 
### 
Professor A. G. Kennedy, acting
head of the English Department, and
Professor Crapp of Columbia Univer
sity have written an Anglo-Saxon
Reader which has just recently gone
to press and will be published by
Henry Holt & Co. sometime in early
autumn. The book uses new methods
in presenting the subject.
Professor A. G. Kennedy, acting
head of the English Department, and
Professor Crapp of Columbia Univer
sity have written an Anglo-Saxon
Reader which has just recently gone
to press and will be published by
Henry Holt & Co. sometime in early
autumn. The book uses new methods
in presenting the subject.
Professor A. G. Kennedy, acting
head of the English Department, and
Professor Crapp of Columbia Univer
sity have written an Anglo-Saxon
Reader which has just recently gone
to press and will be published by
Henry Holt & Co. sometime in early
autumn. The book uses new methods
in presenting the subject.
Professor A. G. Kennedy, acting
head of the English Department, and
Professor Crapp of Columbia Univer
sity have written an Anglo-Saxon
Reader which has just recently gone
to press and will be published by
Henry Holt & Co. sometime in early
autumn. The book uses new methods
in presenting the subject.
Professor A. G. Kennedy, acting
head of the English Department, and
Professor Crapp of Columbia Univer
sity have written an Anglo-Saxon
Reader which has just recently gone
to press and will be published by
Henry Holt & Co. sometime in early
autumn. The book uses new methods
in presenting the subject.
Professor A. G. Kennedy, acting
head of the English Department, and
Professor Crapp of Columbia Univer
sity have written an Anglo-Saxon
Reader which has just recently gone
to press and will be published by
Henry Holt & Co. sometime in early
autumn. The book uses new methods
in presenting the subject.
Professor A. G. Kennedy, acting
head of the English Department, and
Professor Crapp of Columbia Univer
sity have written an Anglo-Saxon
Reader which has just recently gone
to press and will be published by
Henry Holt & Co. sometime in early
autumn. The book uses new methods
in presenting the subject.
Professor A. G. Kennedy, acting
head of the English Department, and
Professor Crapp of Columbia Univer
sity have written an Anglo-Saxon
Reader which has just recently gone
to press and will be published by
Henry Holt & Co. sometime in early
autumn. The book uses new methods
in presenting the subject.
Professor A. G. Kennedy, acting
head of the English Department, and
Professor Crapp of Columbia Univer
sity have written an Anglo-Saxon
Reader which has just recently gone
to press and will be published by
Henry Holt & Co. sometime in early
autumn. The book uses new methods
in presenting the subject.
Professor A. G. Kennedy, acting
head of the English Department, and
Professor Crapp of Columbia Univer
sity have written an Anglo-Saxon
Reader which has just recently gone
to press and will be published by
Henry Holt & Co. sometime in early
autumn. The book uses new methods
in presenting the subject.
Professor A. G. Kennedy, acting
head of the English Department, and
Professor Crapp of Columbia Univer
sity have written an Anglo-Saxon
Reader which has just recently gone
to press and will be published by
Henry Holt & Co. sometime in early
autumn. The book uses new methods
in presenting the subject.
Professor A. G. Kennedy, acting
head of the English Department, and
Professor Crapp of Columbia Univer
sity have written an Anglo-Saxon
Reader which has just recently gone
to press and will be published by
Henry Holt & Co. sometime in early
autumn. The book uses new methods
in presenting the subject.
Professor A. G. Kennedy, acting
head of the English Department, and
Professor Crapp of Columbia Univer
sity have written an Anglo-Saxon
Reader which has just recently gone
to press and will be published by
Henry Holt & Co. sometime in early
autumn. The book uses new methods
in presenting the subject.
Professor A. G. Kennedy, acting
head of the English Department, and
Professor Crapp of Columbia Univer
sity have written an Anglo-Saxon
Reader which has just recently gone
to press and will be published by
Henry Holt & Co. sometime in early
autumn. The book uses new methods
in presenting the subject.
Professor A. G. Kennedy, acting
head of the English Department, and
Professor Crapp of Columbia Univer
sity have written an Anglo-Saxon
Reader which has just recently gone
to press and will be published by
Henry Holt & Co. sometime in early
autumn. The book uses new methods
in presenting the subject.
Professor A. G. Kennedy, acting
head of the English Department, and
Professor Crapp of Columbia Univer
sity have written an Anglo-Saxon
Reader which has just recently gone
to press and will be published by
Henry Holt & Co. sometime in early
autumn. The book uses new methods
in presenting the subject.
