# SIMON, FAMOUS ARTIST, TO EXHIBIT SKETCHES, WOODBLOCKS HERE
## Noted Galleries in New York, Paris, and London Have Displayed Works 
### 
The works of Simon, the famous
contemporary artist, go on exhibit
today in The Alcove bookstore. Ken
neth Carnahan has arranged for the
showing and has invited all Stanford
students to see the exhibit. The
sketches and wood-blocks have just
arrived from the noted East-West Art
Gallery where they have been the
source of much discussion by art
critics. Previous to this time they
were shown in Paris, London, and
New York.
Simon's illustrations of "Nightin
gale and the Rose" by Wild and "The
Legs of Sister Ursula" by Kipling are
considered to be some of the finest
illustrations ever put in book form.
Both of these books were published
by the Windsor Press and are limited
to 450 copies; Kipling's book is the
first published edition.
Simon has published two books of
sketches: one of the "West Wind,"
which has for its subject sketches
made of San Francisco in wood-cuts,
the number of which has been limited
to 75 copies; the other book, "La
Rive Gauche," is of sketches made in
Paris the edition of which has been
exhausted, but some of the original
drawings are being shown at the ex
hibit.
This exhibit is the first of its kind
ever to be shown in Palo Alto, and
this is the first time that the works
of Simon have ever been on exhibi
tion outside of a noted gallery.
Simon is at present working on the
first woodblock book to be printed
since 1500 and he will donate the
original blocks to Stanford Univer
sity.

The first home-run hit by Babe
Ruth in the American League was on
May 6, 1915.
