# ONE HUNDRED PEOPLE PRESENT AT INFORMAL ROBLE CLUB AT-HOME
## 
### 
More than one hundred people at
tended the last Roble Club at-home on
Tuesday afternoon from 3:30 to 5:30
o'clock. The tea was the third of a
series of informal afternoons which
Roble Club is sponsoring during the
Summer Quarter.

Refreshments of coffee, ice cream,
and cakes were served in the inner
lobby of the Hall. A committee head
ed by Helen Halderman managed the
at-home. Marjorie Moss gave piano
selections and Miss Olivia Boezinger,
social director of Roble Hall, acted
as hostess.
The next tea will be given Tuesday
afternoon at the same hour. All mem
bers of the faculty or summer student
body are welcome. .
More than one hundred people at
tended the last Roble Club at-home on
Tuesday afternoon from 3:30 to 5:30
o'clock. The tea was the third of a
series of informal afternoons which
Roble Club is sponsoring during the
Summer Quarter.

Refreshments of coffee, ice cream,
and cakes were served in the inner
lobby of the Hall. A committee head
ed by Helen Halderman managed the
at-home. Marjorie Moss gave piano
selections and Miss Olivia Boezinger,
social director of Roble Hall, acted
as hostess.
The next tea will be given Tuesday
afternoon at the same hour. All mem
bers of the faculty or summer student
body are welcome. .
More than one hundred people at
tended the last Roble Club at-home on
Tuesday afternoon from 3:30 to 5:30
o'clock. The tea was the third of a
series of informal afternoons which
Roble Club is sponsoring during the
Summer Quarter.

Refreshments of coffee, ice cream,
and cakes were served in the inner
lobby of the Hall. A committee head
ed by Helen Halderman managed the
at-home. Marjorie Moss gave piano
selections and Miss Olivia Boezinger,
social director of Roble Hall, acted
as hostess.
The next tea will be given Tuesday
afternoon at the same hour. All mem
bers of the faculty or summer student
body are welcome. .
More than one hundred people at
tended the last Roble Club at-home on
Tuesday afternoon from 3:30 to 5:30
o'clock. The tea was the third of a
series of informal afternoons which
Roble Club is sponsoring during the
Summer Quarter.

Refreshments of coffee, ice cream,
and cakes were served in the inner
lobby of the Hall. A committee head
ed by Helen Halderman managed the
at-home. Marjorie Moss gave piano
selections and Miss Olivia Boezinger,
social director of Roble Hall, acted
as hostess.
The next tea will be given Tuesday
afternoon at the same hour. All mem
bers of the faculty or summer student
body are welcome. .
More than one hundred people at
tended the last Roble Club at-home on
Tuesday afternoon from 3:30 to 5:30
o'clock. The tea was the third of a
series of informal afternoons which
Roble Club is sponsoring during the
Summer Quarter.

Refreshments of coffee, ice cream,
and cakes were served in the inner
lobby of the Hall. A committee head
ed by Helen Halderman managed the
at-home. Marjorie Moss gave piano
selections and Miss Olivia Boezinger,
social director of Roble Hall, acted
as hostess.
The next tea will be given Tuesday
afternoon at the same hour. All mem
bers of the faculty or summer student
body are welcome. .
More than one hundred people at
tended the last Roble Club at-home on
Tuesday afternoon from 3:30 to 5:30
o'clock. The tea was the third of a
series of informal afternoons which
Roble Club is sponsoring during the
Summer Quarter.

Refreshments of coffee, ice cream,
and cakes were served in the inner
lobby of the Hall. A committee head
ed by Helen Halderman managed the
at-home. Marjorie Moss gave piano
selections and Miss Olivia Boezinger,
social director of Roble Hall, acted
as hostess.
The next tea will be given Tuesday
afternoon at the same hour. All mem
bers of the faculty or summer student
body are welcome. .
More than one hundred people at
tended the last Roble Club at-home on
Tuesday afternoon from 3:30 to 5:30
o'clock. The tea was the third of a
series of informal afternoons which
Roble Club is sponsoring during the
Summer Quarter.

Refreshments of coffee, ice cream,
and cakes were served in the inner
lobby of the Hall. A committee head
ed by Helen Halderman managed the
at-home. Marjorie Moss gave piano
selections and Miss Olivia Boezinger,
social director of Roble Hall, acted
as hostess.
The next tea will be given Tuesday
afternoon at the same hour. All mem
bers of the faculty or summer student
body are welcome. .
More than one hundred people at
tended the last Roble Club at-home on
Tuesday afternoon from 3:30 to 5:30
o'clock. The tea was the third of a
series of informal afternoons which
Roble Club is sponsoring during the
Summer Quarter.

Refreshments of coffee, ice cream,
and cakes were served in the inner
lobby of the Hall. A committee head
ed by Helen Halderman managed the
at-home. Marjorie Moss gave piano
selections and Miss Olivia Boezinger,
social director of Roble Hall, acted
as hostess.
The next tea will be given Tuesday
afternoon at the same hour. All mem
bers of the faculty or summer student
body are welcome. .
More than one hundred people at
tended the last Roble Club at-home on
Tuesday afternoon from 3:30 to 5:30
o'clock. The tea was the third of a
series of informal afternoons which
Roble Club is sponsoring during the
Summer Quarter.

Refreshments of coffee, ice cream,
and cakes were served in the inner
lobby of the Hall. A committee head
ed by Helen Halderman managed the
at-home. Marjorie Moss gave piano
selections and Miss Olivia Boezinger,
social director of Roble Hall, acted
as hostess.
The next tea will be given Tuesday
afternoon at the same hour. All mem
bers of the faculty or summer student
body are welcome. .
More than one hundred people at
tended the last Roble Club at-home on
Tuesday afternoon from 3:30 to 5:30
o'clock. The tea was the third of a
series of informal afternoons which
Roble Club is sponsoring during the
Summer Quarter.

Refreshments of coffee, ice cream,
and cakes were served in the inner
lobby of the Hall. A committee head
ed by Helen Halderman managed the
at-home. Marjorie Moss gave piano
selections and Miss Olivia Boezinger,
social director of Roble Hall, acted
as hostess.
The next tea will be given Tuesday
afternoon at the same hour. All mem
bers of the faculty or summer student
body are welcome. .
More than one hundred people at
tended the last Roble Club at-home on
Tuesday afternoon from 3:30 to 5:30
o'clock. The tea was the third of a
series of informal afternoons which
Roble Club is sponsoring during the
Summer Quarter.

Refreshments of coffee, ice cream,
and cakes were served in the inner
lobby of the Hall. A committee head
ed by Helen Halderman managed the
at-home. Marjorie Moss gave piano
selections and Miss Olivia Boezinger,
social director of Roble Hall, acted
as hostess.
The next tea will be given Tuesday
afternoon at the same hour. All mem
bers of the faculty or summer student
body are welcome. .
More than one hundred people at
tended the last Roble Club at-home on
Tuesday afternoon from 3:30 to 5:30
o'clock. The tea was the third of a
series of informal afternoons which
Roble Club is sponsoring during the
Summer Quarter.

Refreshments of coffee, ice cream,
and cakes were served in the inner
lobby of the Hall. A committee head
ed by Helen Halderman managed the
at-home. Marjorie Moss gave piano
selections and Miss Olivia Boezinger,
social director of Roble Hall, acted
as hostess.
The next tea will be given Tuesday
afternoon at the same hour. All mem
bers of the faculty or summer student
body are welcome. .
More than one hundred people at
tended the last Roble Club at-home on
Tuesday afternoon from 3:30 to 5:30
o'clock. The tea was the third of a
series of informal afternoons which
Roble Club is sponsoring during the
Summer Quarter.

Refreshments of coffee, ice cream,
and cakes were served in the inner
lobby of the Hall. A committee head
ed by Helen Halderman managed the
at-home. Marjorie Moss gave piano
selections and Miss Olivia Boezinger,
social director of Roble Hall, acted
as hostess.
The next tea will be given Tuesday
afternoon at the same hour. All mem
bers of the faculty or summer student
body are welcome. .
More than one hundred people at
tended the last Roble Club at-home on
Tuesday afternoon from 3:30 to 5:30
o'clock. The tea was the third of a
series of informal afternoons which
Roble Club is sponsoring during the
Summer Quarter.

Refreshments of coffee, ice cream,
and cakes were served in the inner
lobby of the Hall. A committee head
ed by Helen Halderman managed the
at-home. Marjorie Moss gave piano
selections and Miss Olivia Boezinger,
social director of Roble Hall, acted
as hostess.
The next tea will be given Tuesday
afternoon at the same hour. All mem
bers of the faculty or summer student
body are welcome. .
More than one hundred people at
tended the last Roble Club at-home on
Tuesday afternoon from 3:30 to 5:30
o'clock. The tea was the third of a
series of informal afternoons which
Roble Club is sponsoring during the
Summer Quarter.

Refreshments of coffee, ice cream,
and cakes were served in the inner
lobby of the Hall. A committee head
ed by Helen Halderman managed the
at-home. Marjorie Moss gave piano
selections and Miss Olivia Boezinger,
social director of Roble Hall, acted
as hostess.
The next tea will be given Tuesday
afternoon at the same hour. All mem
bers of the faculty or summer student
body are welcome. .
More than one hundred people at
tended the last Roble Club at-home on
Tuesday afternoon from 3:30 to 5:30
o'clock. The tea was the third of a
series of informal afternoons which
Roble Club is sponsoring during the
Summer Quarter.

Refreshments of coffee, ice cream,
and cakes were served in the inner
lobby of the Hall. A committee head
ed by Helen Halderman managed the
at-home. Marjorie Moss gave piano
selections and Miss Olivia Boezinger,
social director of Roble Hall, acted
as hostess.
The next tea will be given Tuesday
afternoon at the same hour. All mem
bers of the faculty or summer student
body are welcome. .
