# Bulletin
## 
### 
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn.
(AP) — Four police officers
were shot and a fifth was
wounded trying to rescue his
comrades last night as gunfire
erupted during the city's third
night of racial unrest, police
said.
Circumstances surround
ing the shootings at a city
housing project were not im
mediately clear.
Minutes after the shooting
erupted shortly after night
fall, riot-equipped police,
some carrying carbines and
others armed with shotguns,
swarmed into the area in their
gold-and-white patrol cars.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn.
(AP) — Four police officers
were shot and a fifth was
wounded trying to rescue his
comrades last night as gunfire
erupted during the city's third
night of racial unrest, police
said.
Circumstances surround
ing the shootings at a city
housing project were not im
mediately clear.
Minutes after the shooting
erupted shortly after night
fall, riot-equipped police,
some carrying carbines and
others armed with shotguns,
swarmed into the area in their
gold-and-white patrol cars.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn.
(AP) — Four police officers
were shot and a fifth was
wounded trying to rescue his
comrades last night as gunfire
erupted during the city's third
night of racial unrest, police
said.
Circumstances surround
ing the shootings at a city
housing project were not im
mediately clear.
Minutes after the shooting
erupted shortly after night
fall, riot-equipped police,
some carrying carbines and
others armed with shotguns,
swarmed into the area in their
gold-and-white patrol cars.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn.
(AP) — Four police officers
were shot and a fifth was
wounded trying to rescue his
comrades last night as gunfire
erupted during the city's third
night of racial unrest, police
said.
Circumstances surround
ing the shootings at a city
housing project were not im
mediately clear.
Minutes after the shooting
erupted shortly after night
fall, riot-equipped police,
some carrying carbines and
others armed with shotguns,
swarmed into the area in their
gold-and-white patrol cars.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn.
(AP) — Four police officers
were shot and a fifth was
wounded trying to rescue his
comrades last night as gunfire
erupted during the city's third
night of racial unrest, police
said.
Circumstances surround
ing the shootings at a city
housing project were not im
mediately clear.
Minutes after the shooting
erupted shortly after night
fall, riot-equipped police,
some carrying carbines and
others armed with shotguns,
swarmed into the area in their
gold-and-white patrol cars.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn.
(AP) — Four police officers
were shot and a fifth was
wounded trying to rescue his
comrades last night as gunfire
erupted during the city's third
night of racial unrest, police
said.
Circumstances surround
ing the shootings at a city
housing project were not im
mediately clear.
Minutes after the shooting
erupted shortly after night
fall, riot-equipped police,
some carrying carbines and
others armed with shotguns,
swarmed into the area in their
gold-and-white patrol cars.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn.
(AP) — Four police officers
were shot and a fifth was
wounded trying to rescue his
comrades last night as gunfire
erupted during the city's third
night of racial unrest, police
said.
Circumstances surround
ing the shootings at a city
housing project were not im
mediately clear.
Minutes after the shooting
erupted shortly after night
fall, riot-equipped police,
some carrying carbines and
others armed with shotguns,
swarmed into the area in their
gold-and-white patrol cars.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn.
(AP) — Four police officers
were shot and a fifth was
wounded trying to rescue his
comrades last night as gunfire
erupted during the city's third
night of racial unrest, police
said.
Circumstances surround
ing the shootings at a city
housing project were not im
mediately clear.
Minutes after the shooting
erupted shortly after night
fall, riot-equipped police,
some carrying carbines and
others armed with shotguns,
swarmed into the area in their
gold-and-white patrol cars.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn.
(AP) — Four police officers
were shot and a fifth was
wounded trying to rescue his
comrades last night as gunfire
erupted during the city's third
night of racial unrest, police
said.
Circumstances surround
ing the shootings at a city
housing project were not im
mediately clear.
Minutes after the shooting
erupted shortly after night
fall, riot-equipped police,
some carrying carbines and
others armed with shotguns,
swarmed into the area in their
gold-and-white patrol cars.
