# News of the Day.
## 
### 
Yale defeated Urown Saturday by a
score of 10 to 0.
Mexico was vistcd by an earthquake
Friday evening that did much damage.
The Chinese are retreating at all l
points before the advance of the Jap-!
ancsc.
France is preparing for war against J
the Hovas, the tilling tribe of Mada
gascar.
A lire in San Francisco yesterday
destroyed Goldberg, Bowen it Leben
bauiu's groccry and the rooms of the
San Francisco l'rcss Club. Loss i
8275,000.
Yale defeated Urown Saturday by a
score of 10 to 0.
Mexico was vistcd by an earthquake
Friday evening that did much damage.
The Chinese are retreating at all l
points before the advance of the Jap-!
ancsc.
France is preparing for war against J
the Hovas, the tilling tribe of Mada
gascar.
A lire in San Francisco yesterday
destroyed Goldberg, Bowen it Leben
bauiu's groccry and the rooms of the
San Francisco l'rcss Club. Loss i
8275,000.
Yale defeated Urown Saturday by a
score of 10 to 0.
Mexico was vistcd by an earthquake
Friday evening that did much damage.
The Chinese are retreating at all l
points before the advance of the Jap-!
ancsc.
France is preparing for war against J
the Hovas, the tilling tribe of Mada
gascar.
A lire in San Francisco yesterday
destroyed Goldberg, Bowen it Leben
bauiu's groccry and the rooms of the
San Francisco l'rcss Club. Loss i
8275,000.
