# Untitled Article
## 
### 
During the past week a number of
bicycles kept in the basement of En
ema have been tnken out '.luring the ■
niyht and wrecked, piesumably in aj
pure spiii of mischief. Iu case the j
wheels were locked, the c hains were I
rent asunder with no regard to iliel
damage done tlio wheel. Some of
the s udents buve found their wheels j
tilmost coinple'ely mined; others,
have found the frames bent, spokes
bioken, or liies punc'.ured The
offenders should bj suminurily dealt
with.
During the past week a number of
bicycles kept in the basement of En
ema have been tnken out '.luring the ■
niyht and wrecked, piesumably in aj
pure spiii of mischief. Iu case the j
wheels were locked, the c hains were I
rent asunder with no regard to iliel
damage done tlio wheel. Some of
the s udents buve found their wheels j
tilmost coinple'ely mined; others,
have found the frames bent, spokes
bioken, or liies punc'.ured The
offenders should bj suminurily dealt
with.
During the past week a number of
bicycles kept in the basement of En
ema have been tnken out '.luring the ■
niyht and wrecked, piesumably in aj
pure spiii of mischief. Iu case the j
wheels were locked, the c hains were I
rent asunder with no regard to iliel
damage done tlio wheel. Some of
the s udents buve found their wheels j
tilmost coinple'ely mined; others,
have found the frames bent, spokes
bioken, or liies punc'.ured The
offenders should bj suminurily dealt
with.
