# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
! •
I PHtLPX-TC^KFt
SEE P."TVS
Exclusive
• Cloth of the Islands"
Sport Shirt
red, navy, blue, and
brown check
plaids
$3.95
3 for $11.00
Phelps
Tterftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
! •
I PHtLPX-TC^KFt
SEE P."TVS
Exclusive
• Cloth of the Islands"
Sport Shirt
red, navy, blue, and
brown check
plaids
$3.95
3 for $11.00
Phelps
Tterftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
! •
I PHtLPX-TC^KFt
SEE P."TVS
Exclusive
• Cloth of the Islands"
Sport Shirt
red, navy, blue, and
brown check
plaids
$3.95
3 for $11.00
Phelps
Tterftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
! •
I PHtLPX-TC^KFt
SEE P."TVS
Exclusive
• Cloth of the Islands"
Sport Shirt
red, navy, blue, and
brown check
plaids
$3.95
3 for $11.00
Phelps
Tterftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
! •
I PHtLPX-TC^KFt
SEE P."TVS
Exclusive
• Cloth of the Islands"
Sport Shirt
red, navy, blue, and
brown check
plaids
$3.95
3 for $11.00
Phelps
Tterftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
! •
I PHtLPX-TC^KFt
SEE P."TVS
Exclusive
• Cloth of the Islands"
Sport Shirt
red, navy, blue, and
brown check
plaids
$3.95
3 for $11.00
Phelps
Tterftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
! •
I PHtLPX-TC^KFt
SEE P."TVS
Exclusive
• Cloth of the Islands"
Sport Shirt
red, navy, blue, and
brown check
plaids
$3.95
3 for $11.00
Phelps
Tterftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
! •
I PHtLPX-TC^KFt
SEE P."TVS
Exclusive
• Cloth of the Islands"
Sport Shirt
red, navy, blue, and
brown check
plaids
$3.95
3 for $11.00
Phelps
Tterftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
! •
I PHtLPX-TC^KFt
SEE P."TVS
Exclusive
• Cloth of the Islands"
Sport Shirt
red, navy, blue, and
brown check
plaids
$3.95
3 for $11.00
Phelps
Tterftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
! •
I PHtLPX-TC^KFt
SEE P."TVS
Exclusive
• Cloth of the Islands"
Sport Shirt
red, navy, blue, and
brown check
plaids
$3.95
3 for $11.00
Phelps
Tterftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
! •
I PHtLPX-TC^KFt
SEE P."TVS
Exclusive
• Cloth of the Islands"
Sport Shirt
red, navy, blue, and
brown check
plaids
$3.95
3 for $11.00
Phelps
Tterftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
! •
I PHtLPX-TC^KFt
SEE P."TVS
Exclusive
• Cloth of the Islands"
Sport Shirt
red, navy, blue, and
brown check
plaids
$3.95
3 for $11.00
Phelps
Tterftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
! •
I PHtLPX-TC^KFt
SEE P."TVS
Exclusive
• Cloth of the Islands"
Sport Shirt
red, navy, blue, and
brown check
plaids
$3.95
3 for $11.00
Phelps
Tterftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
! •
I PHtLPX-TC^KFt
SEE P."TVS
Exclusive
• Cloth of the Islands"
Sport Shirt
red, navy, blue, and
brown check
plaids
$3.95
3 for $11.00
Phelps
Tterftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
