# ATTENTION OARSMEN
## 
### 
All new freshman and upper class
oarsmen report in front of the BAC
Building at either 3 or 5 p.m. today
for transportation to the boathouse
All new freshman and upper class
oarsmen report in front of the BAC
Building at either 3 or 5 p.m. today
for transportation to the boathouse
All new freshman and upper class
oarsmen report in front of the BAC
Building at either 3 or 5 p.m. today
for transportation to the boathouse
All new freshman and upper class
oarsmen report in front of the BAC
Building at either 3 or 5 p.m. today
for transportation to the boathouse
All new freshman and upper class
oarsmen report in front of the BAC
Building at either 3 or 5 p.m. today
for transportation to the boathouse
All new freshman and upper class
oarsmen report in front of the BAC
Building at either 3 or 5 p.m. today
for transportation to the boathouse
All new freshman and upper class
oarsmen report in front of the BAC
Building at either 3 or 5 p.m. today
for transportation to the boathouse
All new freshman and upper class
oarsmen report in front of the BAC
Building at either 3 or 5 p.m. today
for transportation to the boathouse
All new freshman and upper class
oarsmen report in front of the BAC
Building at either 3 or 5 p.m. today
for transportation to the boathouse
All new freshman and upper class
oarsmen report in front of the BAC
Building at either 3 or 5 p.m. today
for transportation to the boathouse
All new freshman and upper class
oarsmen report in front of the BAC
Building at either 3 or 5 p.m. today
for transportation to the boathouse
All new freshman and upper class
oarsmen report in front of the BAC
Building at either 3 or 5 p.m. today
for transportation to the boathouse
All new freshman and upper class
oarsmen report in front of the BAC
Building at either 3 or 5 p.m. today
for transportation to the boathouse
All new freshman and upper class
oarsmen report in front of the BAC
Building at either 3 or 5 p.m. today
for transportation to the boathouse
