# OATQ Deadline
## 
### 
All announcements in t en ded
for this column must be tiled al
the Daily Shack on or before 7
p.m. the day before publication.
All announcements in t en ded
for this column must be tiled al
the Daily Shack on or before 7
p.m. the day before publication.
All announcements in t en ded
for this column must be tiled al
the Daily Shack on or before 7
p.m. the day before publication.
All announcements in t en ded
for this column must be tiled al
the Daily Shack on or before 7
p.m. the day before publication.
All announcements in t en ded
for this column must be tiled al
the Daily Shack on or before 7
p.m. the day before publication.
All announcements in t en ded
for this column must be tiled al
the Daily Shack on or before 7
p.m. the day before publication.
All announcements in t en ded
for this column must be tiled al
the Daily Shack on or before 7
p.m. the day before publication.
All announcements in t en ded
for this column must be tiled al
the Daily Shack on or before 7
p.m. the day before publication.
All announcements in t en ded
for this column must be tiled al
the Daily Shack on or before 7
p.m. the day before publication.
All announcements in t en ded
for this column must be tiled al
the Daily Shack on or before 7
p.m. the day before publication.
All announcements in t en ded
for this column must be tiled al
the Daily Shack on or before 7
p.m. the day before publication.
All announcements in t en ded
for this column must be tiled al
the Daily Shack on or before 7
p.m. the day before publication.
All announcements in t en ded
for this column must be tiled al
the Daily Shack on or before 7
p.m. the day before publication.
All announcements in t en ded
for this column must be tiled al
the Daily Shack on or before 7
p.m. the day before publication.
