# KZSU
## 
### 
KZSU will hold auditions for men
and women radio actors at its stu
dios in Memorial Auditorium this
afternoon from 3 to 5. Those who
wish to produce recorded music
shows should also be present at the
same time.
KZSU will hold auditions for men
and women radio actors at its stu
dios in Memorial Auditorium this
afternoon from 3 to 5. Those who
wish to produce recorded music
shows should also be present at the
same time.
KZSU will hold auditions for men
and women radio actors at its stu
dios in Memorial Auditorium this
afternoon from 3 to 5. Those who
wish to produce recorded music
shows should also be present at the
same time.
KZSU will hold auditions for men
and women radio actors at its stu
dios in Memorial Auditorium this
afternoon from 3 to 5. Those who
wish to produce recorded music
shows should also be present at the
same time.
KZSU will hold auditions for men
and women radio actors at its stu
dios in Memorial Auditorium this
afternoon from 3 to 5. Those who
wish to produce recorded music
shows should also be present at the
same time.
KZSU will hold auditions for men
and women radio actors at its stu
dios in Memorial Auditorium this
afternoon from 3 to 5. Those who
wish to produce recorded music
shows should also be present at the
same time.
KZSU will hold auditions for men
and women radio actors at its stu
dios in Memorial Auditorium this
afternoon from 3 to 5. Those who
wish to produce recorded music
shows should also be present at the
same time.
KZSU will hold auditions for men
and women radio actors at its stu
dios in Memorial Auditorium this
afternoon from 3 to 5. Those who
wish to produce recorded music
shows should also be present at the
same time.
KZSU will hold auditions for men
and women radio actors at its stu
dios in Memorial Auditorium this
afternoon from 3 to 5. Those who
wish to produce recorded music
shows should also be present at the
same time.
KZSU will hold auditions for men
and women radio actors at its stu
dios in Memorial Auditorium this
afternoon from 3 to 5. Those who
wish to produce recorded music
shows should also be present at the
same time.
KZSU will hold auditions for men
and women radio actors at its stu
dios in Memorial Auditorium this
afternoon from 3 to 5. Those who
wish to produce recorded music
shows should also be present at the
same time.
KZSU will hold auditions for men
and women radio actors at its stu
dios in Memorial Auditorium this
afternoon from 3 to 5. Those who
wish to produce recorded music
shows should also be present at the
same time.
KZSU will hold auditions for men
and women radio actors at its stu
dios in Memorial Auditorium this
afternoon from 3 to 5. Those who
wish to produce recorded music
shows should also be present at the
same time.
KZSU will hold auditions for men
and women radio actors at its stu
dios in Memorial Auditorium this
afternoon from 3 to 5. Those who
wish to produce recorded music
shows should also be present at the
same time.
