# DR. MERRILL IS SPEAKER AT ROBLE CLUB MEETING
## 
### 
"The university man or woman who
says he can obtain a definite and sat
isfactory religion without a practical
study of it, is contradicting the prin
ciples on which the university is
founded,'' said Dr. Merrill of Prince
ton, in an address to the women of
Roble Club last evening. "It is as
necessary to study the philosophy and
art of religion in order to master it
as it is to make a thorough study of
any branch of university work with
the object of gaining a complete
knowledge of it.
"You are living in two worlds, â€”the
world of facts and the world of values.
And just as religion has no right to
dogmatize in the world of science, so
science has no right to dogmatize in
the world of religion. Religious love
must come through faith and the ac
ceptance of what is true and worth
while in other religious lives."
