# PRACTICE SOCCER GAME FOR TOMORROW MORNING
## 
### 
A practice soccer game between the
first and second Stanford teams will
entertain the followers of that sport
at 10:30 tomorrow morning on the
soccer field next to the track. Regu
lar practices are being held Monday,
Tuesday and Thursday afternoons at
five o'clock under the supervision of
Trainer Maloney.
A practice soccer game between the
first and second Stanford teams will
entertain the followers of that sport
at 10:30 tomorrow morning on the
soccer field next to the track. Regu
lar practices are being held Monday,
Tuesday and Thursday afternoons at
five o'clock under the supervision of
Trainer Maloney.
A practice soccer game between the
first and second Stanford teams will
entertain the followers of that sport
at 10:30 tomorrow morning on the
soccer field next to the track. Regu
lar practices are being held Monday,
Tuesday and Thursday afternoons at
five o'clock under the supervision of
Trainer Maloney.
A practice soccer game between the
first and second Stanford teams will
entertain the followers of that sport
at 10:30 tomorrow morning on the
soccer field next to the track. Regu
lar practices are being held Monday,
Tuesday and Thursday afternoons at
five o'clock under the supervision of
Trainer Maloney.
A practice soccer game between the
first and second Stanford teams will
entertain the followers of that sport
at 10:30 tomorrow morning on the
soccer field next to the track. Regu
lar practices are being held Monday,
Tuesday and Thursday afternoons at
five o'clock under the supervision of
Trainer Maloney.
A practice soccer game between the
first and second Stanford teams will
entertain the followers of that sport
at 10:30 tomorrow morning on the
soccer field next to the track. Regu
lar practices are being held Monday,
Tuesday and Thursday afternoons at
five o'clock under the supervision of
Trainer Maloney.
A practice soccer game between the
first and second Stanford teams will
entertain the followers of that sport
at 10:30 tomorrow morning on the
soccer field next to the track. Regu
lar practices are being held Monday,
Tuesday and Thursday afternoons at
five o'clock under the supervision of
Trainer Maloney.
A practice soccer game between the
first and second Stanford teams will
entertain the followers of that sport
at 10:30 tomorrow morning on the
soccer field next to the track. Regu
lar practices are being held Monday,
Tuesday and Thursday afternoons at
five o'clock under the supervision of
Trainer Maloney.
A practice soccer game between the
first and second Stanford teams will
entertain the followers of that sport
at 10:30 tomorrow morning on the
soccer field next to the track. Regu
lar practices are being held Monday,
Tuesday and Thursday afternoons at
five o'clock under the supervision of
Trainer Maloney.
A practice soccer game between the
first and second Stanford teams will
entertain the followers of that sport
at 10:30 tomorrow morning on the
soccer field next to the track. Regu
lar practices are being held Monday,
Tuesday and Thursday afternoons at
five o'clock under the supervision of
Trainer Maloney.
A practice soccer game between the
first and second Stanford teams will
entertain the followers of that sport
at 10:30 tomorrow morning on the
soccer field next to the track. Regu
lar practices are being held Monday,
Tuesday and Thursday afternoons at
five o'clock under the supervision of
Trainer Maloney.
A practice soccer game between the
first and second Stanford teams will
entertain the followers of that sport
at 10:30 tomorrow morning on the
soccer field next to the track. Regu
lar practices are being held Monday,
Tuesday and Thursday afternoons at
five o'clock under the supervision of
Trainer Maloney.
A practice soccer game between the
first and second Stanford teams will
entertain the followers of that sport
at 10:30 tomorrow morning on the
soccer field next to the track. Regu
lar practices are being held Monday,
Tuesday and Thursday afternoons at
five o'clock under the supervision of
Trainer Maloney.
