# Untitled Article
## 
### 

FOUNTAIN TAKES BATH - Students found the
usually languid library fountain overflowing with

bubbly foam yesterday morning, no doubt the
secret work of the Great Pumpkin.

FOUNTAIN TAKES BATH - Students found the
usually languid library fountain overflowing with

bubbly foam yesterday morning, no doubt the
secret work of the Great Pumpkin.

FOUNTAIN TAKES BATH - Students found the
usually languid library fountain overflowing with

bubbly foam yesterday morning, no doubt the
secret work of the Great Pumpkin.

FOUNTAIN TAKES BATH - Students found the
usually languid library fountain overflowing with

bubbly foam yesterday morning, no doubt the
secret work of the Great Pumpkin.

FOUNTAIN TAKES BATH - Students found the
usually languid library fountain overflowing with

bubbly foam yesterday morning, no doubt the
secret work of the Great Pumpkin.

FOUNTAIN TAKES BATH - Students found the
usually languid library fountain overflowing with

bubbly foam yesterday morning, no doubt the
secret work of the Great Pumpkin.

FOUNTAIN TAKES BATH - Students found the
usually languid library fountain overflowing with

bubbly foam yesterday morning, no doubt the
secret work of the Great Pumpkin.

FOUNTAIN TAKES BATH - Students found the
usually languid library fountain overflowing with

bubbly foam yesterday morning, no doubt the
secret work of the Great Pumpkin.

FOUNTAIN TAKES BATH - Students found the
usually languid library fountain overflowing with

bubbly foam yesterday morning, no doubt the
secret work of the Great Pumpkin.

FOUNTAIN TAKES BATH - Students found the
usually languid library fountain overflowing with

bubbly foam yesterday morning, no doubt the
secret work of the Great Pumpkin.

FOUNTAIN TAKES BATH - Students found the
usually languid library fountain overflowing with

bubbly foam yesterday morning, no doubt the
secret work of the Great Pumpkin.

FOUNTAIN TAKES BATH - Students found the
usually languid library fountain overflowing with

bubbly foam yesterday morning, no doubt the
secret work of the Great Pumpkin.

FOUNTAIN TAKES BATH - Students found the
usually languid library fountain overflowing with

bubbly foam yesterday morning, no doubt the
secret work of the Great Pumpkin.

FOUNTAIN TAKES BATH - Students found the
usually languid library fountain overflowing with

bubbly foam yesterday morning, no doubt the
secret work of the Great Pumpkin.

FOUNTAIN TAKES BATH - Students found the
usually languid library fountain overflowing with

bubbly foam yesterday morning, no doubt the
secret work of the Great Pumpkin.
