# Adv. 30 Page 13
## 
### 
AUTOS
Win a Millenium Bug!! Convince
us that you deserve it (in 500
words or less), and we'll send you
a brand new VW Beetle. Check us
out at Winning Letter.com.
CHILDCARE
Reliable and enthusiastic baby
sitter needed. Mon/Wed
afternoons and evenings.
English-speaking, good driving
record Call Janet: 854-8034.
P/T nanny for two girls ages 3
and 6. Hours flex. Must have own
car, N/S, English speaking
Excellent salary for fun-loving
individual with good references
Call 650-559-9382
Wanted: responsible, live-out
nanny/mother's helper for
people-loving 4 mo old girl. 25-
35 hrs/wk, M-Th in PA. Non
smoking, English-speaking.
Reference please. 415-789-8384
EDITING/ WP
THE WRITER'S PLACE â€¢ 853-9673
Expect Top Quality Here & Get It
Editor/Writer, Ph.D.
Edited 70+ books for UC Press,
Stanford, Oxford, Sierra Club
Also Theses, essays, etc.
650-233-9333
