# Adv. 40 Page 6
## 
### 
bring your own.
ST. ANN’S CHOI
Women's Clubhouse,
rehearsal.
TOMORROW
1-CLUB .MEXICAN
p.m., 1566 Cowper, P.
will include two films
showing Mexico City
and other sights of t
and marachis musi
will follow, and tacos
ladas will be served.
INTERNATIONAL
VAL: 10:30 a.m., Mer
torium. Films from al
Frost Amphitheatre
featuring internation;
sale and students and
lies in national die
Frost Amphithealn
show of fashions fr
1:30 p.m., Frost At
International Talent
sented by Communi
tee for Internationa
$1.50 adults, 75 cents
der 12. Tickets on sa
der Ticket Office or
321-5596 or 968-2172.
MEMORIAL (111
a.m.. Morning Prayr
by Bible Study.
SUNDAY
ALPINE CLUB: 9 ;
Corner, practice cli
Caves.
BAHA'I ( LI B: 1 |
der. Room 269, infoi
sion of the Baha’i Fa
ther information, c
Dahl (DA 3-3121 ext,
BAPTISTS: Sec at
Adams and new Mem
; Vesper approach at
days.
BRIDLE TOLRN.J
bring your own.
ST. ANN’S CHOI
Women's Clubhouse,
rehearsal.
TOMORROW
1-CLUB .MEXICAN
p.m., 1566 Cowper, P.
will include two films
showing Mexico City
and other sights of t
and marachis musi
will follow, and tacos
ladas will be served.
INTERNATIONAL
VAL: 10:30 a.m., Mer
torium. Films from al
Frost Amphitheatre
featuring internation;
sale and students and
lies in national die
Frost Amphithealn
show of fashions fr
1:30 p.m., Frost At
International Talent
sented by Communi
tee for Internationa
$1.50 adults, 75 cents
der 12. Tickets on sa
der Ticket Office or
321-5596 or 968-2172.
MEMORIAL (111
a.m.. Morning Prayr
by Bible Study.
SUNDAY
ALPINE CLUB: 9 ;
Corner, practice cli
Caves.
BAHA'I ( LI B: 1 |
der. Room 269, infoi
sion of the Baha’i Fa
ther information, c
Dahl (DA 3-3121 ext,
BAPTISTS: Sec at
Adams and new Mem
; Vesper approach at
days.
BRIDLE TOLRN.J
bring your own.
ST. ANN’S CHOI
Women's Clubhouse,
rehearsal.
TOMORROW
1-CLUB .MEXICAN
p.m., 1566 Cowper, P.
will include two films
showing Mexico City
and other sights of t
and marachis musi
will follow, and tacos
ladas will be served.
INTERNATIONAL
VAL: 10:30 a.m., Mer
torium. Films from al
Frost Amphitheatre
featuring internation;
sale and students and
lies in national die
Frost Amphithealn
show of fashions fr
1:30 p.m., Frost At
International Talent
sented by Communi
tee for Internationa
$1.50 adults, 75 cents
der 12. Tickets on sa
der Ticket Office or
321-5596 or 968-2172.
MEMORIAL (111
a.m.. Morning Prayr
by Bible Study.
SUNDAY
ALPINE CLUB: 9 ;
Corner, practice cli
Caves.
BAHA'I ( LI B: 1 |
der. Room 269, infoi
sion of the Baha’i Fa
ther information, c
Dahl (DA 3-3121 ext,
BAPTISTS: Sec at
Adams and new Mem
; Vesper approach at
days.
BRIDLE TOLRN.J
bring your own.
ST. ANN’S CHOI
Women's Clubhouse,
rehearsal.
TOMORROW
1-CLUB .MEXICAN
p.m., 1566 Cowper, P.
will include two films
showing Mexico City
and other sights of t
and marachis musi
will follow, and tacos
ladas will be served.
INTERNATIONAL
VAL: 10:30 a.m., Mer
torium. Films from al
Frost Amphitheatre
featuring internation;
sale and students and
lies in national die
Frost Amphithealn
show of fashions fr
1:30 p.m., Frost At
International Talent
sented by Communi
tee for Internationa
$1.50 adults, 75 cents
der 12. Tickets on sa
der Ticket Office or
321-5596 or 968-2172.
MEMORIAL (111
a.m.. Morning Prayr
by Bible Study.
SUNDAY
ALPINE CLUB: 9 ;
Corner, practice cli
Caves.
BAHA'I ( LI B: 1 |
der. Room 269, infoi
sion of the Baha’i Fa
ther information, c
Dahl (DA 3-3121 ext,
BAPTISTS: Sec at
Adams and new Mem
; Vesper approach at
days.
BRIDLE TOLRN.J
bring your own.
ST. ANN’S CHOI
Women's Clubhouse,
rehearsal.
TOMORROW
1-CLUB .MEXICAN
p.m., 1566 Cowper, P.
will include two films
showing Mexico City
and other sights of t
and marachis musi
will follow, and tacos
ladas will be served.
INTERNATIONAL
VAL: 10:30 a.m., Mer
torium. Films from al
Frost Amphitheatre
featuring internation;
sale and students and
lies in national die
Frost Amphithealn
show of fashions fr
1:30 p.m., Frost At
International Talent
sented by Communi
tee for Internationa
$1.50 adults, 75 cents
der 12. Tickets on sa
der Ticket Office or
321-5596 or 968-2172.
MEMORIAL (111
a.m.. Morning Prayr
by Bible Study.
SUNDAY
ALPINE CLUB: 9 ;
Corner, practice cli
Caves.
BAHA'I ( LI B: 1 |
der. Room 269, infoi
sion of the Baha’i Fa
ther information, c
Dahl (DA 3-3121 ext,
BAPTISTS: Sec at
Adams and new Mem
; Vesper approach at
days.
BRIDLE TOLRN.J
bring your own.
ST. ANN’S CHOI
Women's Clubhouse,
rehearsal.
TOMORROW
1-CLUB .MEXICAN
p.m., 1566 Cowper, P.
will include two films
showing Mexico City
and other sights of t
and marachis musi
will follow, and tacos
ladas will be served.
INTERNATIONAL
VAL: 10:30 a.m., Mer
torium. Films from al
Frost Amphitheatre
featuring internation;
sale and students and
lies in national die
Frost Amphithealn
show of fashions fr
1:30 p.m., Frost At
International Talent
sented by Communi
tee for Internationa
$1.50 adults, 75 cents
der 12. Tickets on sa
der Ticket Office or
321-5596 or 968-2172.
MEMORIAL (111
a.m.. Morning Prayr
by Bible Study.
SUNDAY
ALPINE CLUB: 9 ;
Corner, practice cli
Caves.
BAHA'I ( LI B: 1 |
der. Room 269, infoi
sion of the Baha’i Fa
ther information, c
Dahl (DA 3-3121 ext,
BAPTISTS: Sec at
Adams and new Mem
; Vesper approach at
days.
BRIDLE TOLRN.J
bring your own.
ST. ANN’S CHOI
Women's Clubhouse,
rehearsal.
TOMORROW
1-CLUB .MEXICAN
p.m., 1566 Cowper, P.
will include two films
showing Mexico City
and other sights of t
and marachis musi
will follow, and tacos
ladas will be served.
INTERNATIONAL
VAL: 10:30 a.m., Mer
torium. Films from al
Frost Amphitheatre
featuring internation;
sale and students and
lies in national die
Frost Amphithealn
show of fashions fr
1:30 p.m., Frost At
International Talent
sented by Communi
tee for Internationa
$1.50 adults, 75 cents
der 12. Tickets on sa
der Ticket Office or
321-5596 or 968-2172.
MEMORIAL (111
a.m.. Morning Prayr
by Bible Study.
SUNDAY
ALPINE CLUB: 9 ;
Corner, practice cli
Caves.
BAHA'I ( LI B: 1 |
der. Room 269, infoi
sion of the Baha’i Fa
ther information, c
Dahl (DA 3-3121 ext,
BAPTISTS: Sec at
Adams and new Mem
; Vesper approach at
days.
BRIDLE TOLRN.J
bring your own.
ST. ANN’S CHOI
Women's Clubhouse,
rehearsal.
TOMORROW
1-CLUB .MEXICAN
p.m., 1566 Cowper, P.
will include two films
showing Mexico City
and other sights of t
and marachis musi
will follow, and tacos
ladas will be served.
INTERNATIONAL
VAL: 10:30 a.m., Mer
torium. Films from al
Frost Amphitheatre
featuring internation;
sale and students and
lies in national die
Frost Amphithealn
show of fashions fr
1:30 p.m., Frost At
International Talent
sented by Communi
tee for Internationa
$1.50 adults, 75 cents
der 12. Tickets on sa
der Ticket Office or
321-5596 or 968-2172.
MEMORIAL (111
a.m.. Morning Prayr
by Bible Study.
SUNDAY
ALPINE CLUB: 9 ;
Corner, practice cli
Caves.
BAHA'I ( LI B: 1 |
der. Room 269, infoi
sion of the Baha’i Fa
ther information, c
Dahl (DA 3-3121 ext,
BAPTISTS: Sec at
Adams and new Mem
; Vesper approach at
days.
BRIDLE TOLRN.J
bring your own.
ST. ANN’S CHOI
Women's Clubhouse,
rehearsal.
TOMORROW
1-CLUB .MEXICAN
p.m., 1566 Cowper, P.
will include two films
showing Mexico City
and other sights of t
and marachis musi
will follow, and tacos
ladas will be served.
INTERNATIONAL
VAL: 10:30 a.m., Mer
torium. Films from al
Frost Amphitheatre
featuring internation;
sale and students and
lies in national die
Frost Amphithealn
show of fashions fr
1:30 p.m., Frost At
International Talent
sented by Communi
tee for Internationa
$1.50 adults, 75 cents
der 12. Tickets on sa
der Ticket Office or
321-5596 or 968-2172.
MEMORIAL (111
a.m.. Morning Prayr
by Bible Study.
SUNDAY
ALPINE CLUB: 9 ;
Corner, practice cli
Caves.
BAHA'I ( LI B: 1 |
der. Room 269, infoi
sion of the Baha’i Fa
ther information, c
Dahl (DA 3-3121 ext,
BAPTISTS: Sec at
Adams and new Mem
; Vesper approach at
days.
BRIDLE TOLRN.J
bring your own.
ST. ANN’S CHOI
Women's Clubhouse,
rehearsal.
TOMORROW
1-CLUB .MEXICAN
p.m., 1566 Cowper, P.
will include two films
showing Mexico City
and other sights of t
and marachis musi
will follow, and tacos
ladas will be served.
INTERNATIONAL
VAL: 10:30 a.m., Mer
torium. Films from al
Frost Amphitheatre
featuring internation;
sale and students and
lies in national die
Frost Amphithealn
show of fashions fr
1:30 p.m., Frost At
International Talent
sented by Communi
tee for Internationa
$1.50 adults, 75 cents
der 12. Tickets on sa
der Ticket Office or
321-5596 or 968-2172.
MEMORIAL (111
a.m.. Morning Prayr
by Bible Study.
SUNDAY
ALPINE CLUB: 9 ;
Corner, practice cli
Caves.
BAHA'I ( LI B: 1 |
der. Room 269, infoi
sion of the Baha’i Fa
ther information, c
Dahl (DA 3-3121 ext,
BAPTISTS: Sec at
Adams and new Mem
; Vesper approach at
days.
BRIDLE TOLRN.J
bring your own.
ST. ANN’S CHOI
Women's Clubhouse,
rehearsal.
TOMORROW
1-CLUB .MEXICAN
p.m., 1566 Cowper, P.
will include two films
showing Mexico City
and other sights of t
and marachis musi
will follow, and tacos
ladas will be served.
INTERNATIONAL
VAL: 10:30 a.m., Mer
torium. Films from al
Frost Amphitheatre
featuring internation;
sale and students and
lies in national die
Frost Amphithealn
show of fashions fr
1:30 p.m., Frost At
International Talent
sented by Communi
tee for Internationa
$1.50 adults, 75 cents
der 12. Tickets on sa
der Ticket Office or
321-5596 or 968-2172.
MEMORIAL (111
a.m.. Morning Prayr
by Bible Study.
SUNDAY
ALPINE CLUB: 9 ;
Corner, practice cli
Caves.
BAHA'I ( LI B: 1 |
der. Room 269, infoi
sion of the Baha’i Fa
ther information, c
Dahl (DA 3-3121 ext,
BAPTISTS: Sec at
Adams and new Mem
; Vesper approach at
days.
BRIDLE TOLRN.J
bring your own.
ST. ANN’S CHOI
Women's Clubhouse,
rehearsal.
TOMORROW
1-CLUB .MEXICAN
p.m., 1566 Cowper, P.
will include two films
showing Mexico City
and other sights of t
and marachis musi
will follow, and tacos
ladas will be served.
INTERNATIONAL
VAL: 10:30 a.m., Mer
torium. Films from al
Frost Amphitheatre
featuring internation;
sale and students and
lies in national die
Frost Amphithealn
show of fashions fr
1:30 p.m., Frost At
International Talent
sented by Communi
tee for Internationa
$1.50 adults, 75 cents
der 12. Tickets on sa
der Ticket Office or
321-5596 or 968-2172.
MEMORIAL (111
a.m.. Morning Prayr
by Bible Study.
SUNDAY
ALPINE CLUB: 9 ;
Corner, practice cli
Caves.
BAHA'I ( LI B: 1 |
der. Room 269, infoi
sion of the Baha’i Fa
ther information, c
Dahl (DA 3-3121 ext,
BAPTISTS: Sec at
Adams and new Mem
; Vesper approach at
days.
BRIDLE TOLRN.J
bring your own.
ST. ANN’S CHOI
Women's Clubhouse,
rehearsal.
TOMORROW
1-CLUB .MEXICAN
p.m., 1566 Cowper, P.
will include two films
showing Mexico City
and other sights of t
and marachis musi
will follow, and tacos
ladas will be served.
INTERNATIONAL
VAL: 10:30 a.m., Mer
torium. Films from al
Frost Amphitheatre
featuring internation;
sale and students and
lies in national die
Frost Amphithealn
show of fashions fr
1:30 p.m., Frost At
International Talent
sented by Communi
tee for Internationa
$1.50 adults, 75 cents
der 12. Tickets on sa
der Ticket Office or
321-5596 or 968-2172.
MEMORIAL (111
a.m.. Morning Prayr
by Bible Study.
SUNDAY
ALPINE CLUB: 9 ;
Corner, practice cli
Caves.
BAHA'I ( LI B: 1 |
der. Room 269, infoi
sion of the Baha’i Fa
ther information, c
Dahl (DA 3-3121 ext,
BAPTISTS: Sec at
Adams and new Mem
; Vesper approach at
days.
BRIDLE TOLRN.J
bring your own.
ST. ANN’S CHOI
Women's Clubhouse,
rehearsal.
TOMORROW
1-CLUB .MEXICAN
p.m., 1566 Cowper, P.
will include two films
showing Mexico City
and other sights of t
and marachis musi
will follow, and tacos
ladas will be served.
INTERNATIONAL
VAL: 10:30 a.m., Mer
torium. Films from al
Frost Amphitheatre
featuring internation;
sale and students and
lies in national die
Frost Amphithealn
show of fashions fr
1:30 p.m., Frost At
International Talent
sented by Communi
tee for Internationa
$1.50 adults, 75 cents
der 12. Tickets on sa
der Ticket Office or
321-5596 or 968-2172.
MEMORIAL (111
a.m.. Morning Prayr
by Bible Study.
SUNDAY
ALPINE CLUB: 9 ;
Corner, practice cli
Caves.
BAHA'I ( LI B: 1 |
der. Room 269, infoi
sion of the Baha’i Fa
ther information, c
Dahl (DA 3-3121 ext,
BAPTISTS: Sec at
Adams and new Mem
; Vesper approach at
days.
BRIDLE TOLRN.J
bring your own.
ST. ANN’S CHOI
Women's Clubhouse,
rehearsal.
TOMORROW
1-CLUB .MEXICAN
p.m., 1566 Cowper, P.
will include two films
showing Mexico City
and other sights of t
and marachis musi
will follow, and tacos
ladas will be served.
INTERNATIONAL
VAL: 10:30 a.m., Mer
torium. Films from al
Frost Amphitheatre
featuring internation;
sale and students and
lies in national die
Frost Amphithealn
show of fashions fr
1:30 p.m., Frost At
International Talent
sented by Communi
tee for Internationa
$1.50 adults, 75 cents
der 12. Tickets on sa
der Ticket Office or
321-5596 or 968-2172.
MEMORIAL (111
a.m.. Morning Prayr
by Bible Study.
SUNDAY
ALPINE CLUB: 9 ;
Corner, practice cli
Caves.
BAHA'I ( LI B: 1 |
der. Room 269, infoi
sion of the Baha’i Fa
ther information, c
Dahl (DA 3-3121 ext,
BAPTISTS: Sec at
Adams and new Mem
; Vesper approach at
days.
BRIDLE TOLRN.J
