# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
1
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
If there’s any one item
in R/A’s extensive
stock that could be
considered a classic,
an indispensable, it
would have to be
crew socks, equally
at home on campus
or for casual week
end wear. Ours are
the s-f-r-e-f-c-h
variety, that fit all
10-11 feet, in white
with variously colored
bands around the top
for easy ID in the
laundry. Just one
buck per pr.
Stock up!
%
i
■
■
■
I
■
*
*
roos/atkins
INDIANS
1
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
If there’s any one item
in R/A’s extensive
stock that could be
considered a classic,
an indispensable, it
would have to be
crew socks, equally
at home on campus
or for casual week
end wear. Ours are
the s-f-r-e-f-c-h
variety, that fit all
10-11 feet, in white
with variously colored
bands around the top
for easy ID in the
laundry. Just one
buck per pr.
Stock up!
%
i
■
■
■
I
■
*
*
roos/atkins
INDIANS
1
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
If there’s any one item
in R/A’s extensive
stock that could be
considered a classic,
an indispensable, it
would have to be
crew socks, equally
at home on campus
or for casual week
end wear. Ours are
the s-f-r-e-f-c-h
variety, that fit all
10-11 feet, in white
with variously colored
bands around the top
for easy ID in the
laundry. Just one
buck per pr.
Stock up!
%
i
■
■
■
I
■
*
*
roos/atkins
INDIANS
1
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
If there’s any one item
in R/A’s extensive
stock that could be
considered a classic,
an indispensable, it
would have to be
crew socks, equally
at home on campus
or for casual week
end wear. Ours are
the s-f-r-e-f-c-h
variety, that fit all
10-11 feet, in white
with variously colored
bands around the top
for easy ID in the
laundry. Just one
buck per pr.
Stock up!
%
i
■
■
■
I
■
*
*
roos/atkins
INDIANS
1
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
If there’s any one item
in R/A’s extensive
stock that could be
considered a classic,
an indispensable, it
would have to be
crew socks, equally
at home on campus
or for casual week
end wear. Ours are
the s-f-r-e-f-c-h
variety, that fit all
10-11 feet, in white
with variously colored
bands around the top
for easy ID in the
laundry. Just one
buck per pr.
Stock up!
%
i
■
■
■
I
■
*
*
roos/atkins
INDIANS
1
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
If there’s any one item
in R/A’s extensive
stock that could be
considered a classic,
an indispensable, it
would have to be
crew socks, equally
at home on campus
or for casual week
end wear. Ours are
the s-f-r-e-f-c-h
variety, that fit all
10-11 feet, in white
with variously colored
bands around the top
for easy ID in the
laundry. Just one
buck per pr.
Stock up!
%
i
■
■
■
I
■
*
*
roos/atkins
INDIANS
1
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
If there’s any one item
in R/A’s extensive
stock that could be
considered a classic,
an indispensable, it
would have to be
crew socks, equally
at home on campus
or for casual week
end wear. Ours are
the s-f-r-e-f-c-h
variety, that fit all
10-11 feet, in white
with variously colored
bands around the top
for easy ID in the
laundry. Just one
buck per pr.
Stock up!
%
i
■
■
■
I
■
*
*
roos/atkins
INDIANS
1
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
If there’s any one item
in R/A’s extensive
stock that could be
considered a classic,
an indispensable, it
would have to be
crew socks, equally
at home on campus
or for casual week
end wear. Ours are
the s-f-r-e-f-c-h
variety, that fit all
10-11 feet, in white
with variously colored
bands around the top
for easy ID in the
laundry. Just one
buck per pr.
Stock up!
%
i
■
■
■
I
■
*
*
roos/atkins
INDIANS
1
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
If there’s any one item
in R/A’s extensive
stock that could be
considered a classic,
an indispensable, it
would have to be
crew socks, equally
at home on campus
or for casual week
end wear. Ours are
the s-f-r-e-f-c-h
variety, that fit all
10-11 feet, in white
with variously colored
bands around the top
for easy ID in the
laundry. Just one
buck per pr.
Stock up!
%
i
■
■
■
I
■
*
*
roos/atkins
INDIANS
1
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
If there’s any one item
in R/A’s extensive
stock that could be
considered a classic,
an indispensable, it
would have to be
crew socks, equally
at home on campus
or for casual week
end wear. Ours are
the s-f-r-e-f-c-h
variety, that fit all
10-11 feet, in white
with variously colored
bands around the top
for easy ID in the
laundry. Just one
buck per pr.
Stock up!
%
i
■
■
■
I
■
*
*
roos/atkins
INDIANS
1
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
If there’s any one item
in R/A’s extensive
stock that could be
considered a classic,
an indispensable, it
would have to be
crew socks, equally
at home on campus
or for casual week
end wear. Ours are
the s-f-r-e-f-c-h
variety, that fit all
10-11 feet, in white
with variously colored
bands around the top
for easy ID in the
laundry. Just one
buck per pr.
Stock up!
%
i
■
■
■
I
■
*
*
roos/atkins
INDIANS
1
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
If there’s any one item
in R/A’s extensive
stock that could be
considered a classic,
an indispensable, it
would have to be
crew socks, equally
at home on campus
or for casual week
end wear. Ours are
the s-f-r-e-f-c-h
variety, that fit all
10-11 feet, in white
with variously colored
bands around the top
for easy ID in the
laundry. Just one
buck per pr.
Stock up!
%
i
■
■
■
I
■
*
*
roos/atkins
INDIANS
1
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
If there’s any one item
in R/A’s extensive
stock that could be
considered a classic,
an indispensable, it
would have to be
crew socks, equally
at home on campus
or for casual week
end wear. Ours are
the s-f-r-e-f-c-h
variety, that fit all
10-11 feet, in white
with variously colored
bands around the top
for easy ID in the
laundry. Just one
buck per pr.
Stock up!
%
i
■
■
■
I
■
*
*
roos/atkins
INDIANS
1
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
If there’s any one item
in R/A’s extensive
stock that could be
considered a classic,
an indispensable, it
would have to be
crew socks, equally
at home on campus
or for casual week
end wear. Ours are
the s-f-r-e-f-c-h
variety, that fit all
10-11 feet, in white
with variously colored
bands around the top
for easy ID in the
laundry. Just one
buck per pr.
Stock up!
%
i
■
■
■
I
■
*
*
roos/atkins
INDIANS
1
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
If there’s any one item
in R/A’s extensive
stock that could be
considered a classic,
an indispensable, it
would have to be
crew socks, equally
at home on campus
or for casual week
end wear. Ours are
the s-f-r-e-f-c-h
variety, that fit all
10-11 feet, in white
with variously colored
bands around the top
for easy ID in the
laundry. Just one
buck per pr.
Stock up!
%
i
■
■
■
I
■
*
*
roos/atkins
