# Adv. 53 Page 6
## 
### 
“Fred, advising you as an older brother, I don't think
it is manly of you to allow your secretary to chase you
around the office."
“Fred, advising you as an older brother, I don't think
it is manly of you to allow your secretary to chase you
around the office."
“Fred, advising you as an older brother, I don't think
it is manly of you to allow your secretary to chase you
around the office."
“Fred, advising you as an older brother, I don't think
it is manly of you to allow your secretary to chase you
around the office."
“Fred, advising you as an older brother, I don't think
it is manly of you to allow your secretary to chase you
around the office."
“Fred, advising you as an older brother, I don't think
it is manly of you to allow your secretary to chase you
around the office."
“Fred, advising you as an older brother, I don't think
it is manly of you to allow your secretary to chase you
around the office."
“Fred, advising you as an older brother, I don't think
it is manly of you to allow your secretary to chase you
around the office."
“Fred, advising you as an older brother, I don't think
it is manly of you to allow your secretary to chase you
around the office."
“Fred, advising you as an older brother, I don't think
it is manly of you to allow your secretary to chase you
around the office."
“Fred, advising you as an older brother, I don't think
it is manly of you to allow your secretary to chase you
around the office."
“Fred, advising you as an older brother, I don't think
it is manly of you to allow your secretary to chase you
around the office."
“Fred, advising you as an older brother, I don't think
it is manly of you to allow your secretary to chase you
around the office."
“Fred, advising you as an older brother, I don't think
it is manly of you to allow your secretary to chase you
around the office."
“Fred, advising you as an older brother, I don't think
it is manly of you to allow your secretary to chase you
around the office."
