# Professor Brown To Preach Sunday
## 
### 
“Interpreting the Present Time”
will be Rev. Robert McAfee
Brown’s topic when he preaches
at Memorial Church Sunday at 11
a.m. Brown, professor of regli
gion, came to Stanford from
Union Theological Seminary, IVew
York. Special music will be pro
vided by assistant organist Thom
as Harmon and the Memorial
Church Choir, directed by Harold
Schmidt, performing works of
Bach, Haydn, and Thomas Tallis.
A service of Holy Communion
will be conducted at 9 a.m. Sun
day in Memorial Church. Vespers,
formerly held at 4:45 p.m., will
be at 7 p.m. beginning this Sun
day.
At the first 7 p.m. Vespers, Sun
day, Dr. Henry Adams will speak
on the topic “Towards Athens
’63.” Dr. Adam’s description will
be followed by a question and an
swer period.
Sunday’s 11 a.m. worship serv
ice will be broadcast over KXKX,
KM, 88.5 mcs., at 9 p.m. that
night.
Weekday services at Memorial
Church include morning prayer
daily at 7:35 a.m., candlelight
services Wednesday at 9:30 p.m.,
and Holy Communion Thursdays
at 5:15 p.m.
“Interpreting the Present Time”
will be Rev. Robert McAfee
Brown’s topic when he preaches
at Memorial Church Sunday at 11
a.m. Brown, professor of regli
gion, came to Stanford from
Union Theological Seminary, IVew
York. Special music will be pro
vided by assistant organist Thom
as Harmon and the Memorial
Church Choir, directed by Harold
Schmidt, performing works of
Bach, Haydn, and Thomas Tallis.
A service of Holy Communion
will be conducted at 9 a.m. Sun
day in Memorial Church. Vespers,
formerly held at 4:45 p.m., will
be at 7 p.m. beginning this Sun
day.
At the first 7 p.m. Vespers, Sun
day, Dr. Henry Adams will speak
on the topic “Towards Athens
’63.” Dr. Adam’s description will
be followed by a question and an
swer period.
Sunday’s 11 a.m. worship serv
ice will be broadcast over KXKX,
KM, 88.5 mcs., at 9 p.m. that
night.
Weekday services at Memorial
Church include morning prayer
daily at 7:35 a.m., candlelight
services Wednesday at 9:30 p.m.,
and Holy Communion Thursdays
at 5:15 p.m.
“Interpreting the Present Time”
will be Rev. Robert McAfee
Brown’s topic when he preaches
at Memorial Church Sunday at 11
a.m. Brown, professor of regli
gion, came to Stanford from
Union Theological Seminary, IVew
York. Special music will be pro
vided by assistant organist Thom
as Harmon and the Memorial
Church Choir, directed by Harold
Schmidt, performing works of
Bach, Haydn, and Thomas Tallis.
A service of Holy Communion
will be conducted at 9 a.m. Sun
day in Memorial Church. Vespers,
formerly held at 4:45 p.m., will
be at 7 p.m. beginning this Sun
day.
At the first 7 p.m. Vespers, Sun
day, Dr. Henry Adams will speak
on the topic “Towards Athens
’63.” Dr. Adam’s description will
be followed by a question and an
swer period.
Sunday’s 11 a.m. worship serv
ice will be broadcast over KXKX,
KM, 88.5 mcs., at 9 p.m. that
night.
Weekday services at Memorial
Church include morning prayer
daily at 7:35 a.m., candlelight
services Wednesday at 9:30 p.m.,
and Holy Communion Thursdays
at 5:15 p.m.
“Interpreting the Present Time”
will be Rev. Robert McAfee
Brown’s topic when he preaches
at Memorial Church Sunday at 11
a.m. Brown, professor of regli
gion, came to Stanford from
Union Theological Seminary, IVew
York. Special music will be pro
vided by assistant organist Thom
as Harmon and the Memorial
Church Choir, directed by Harold
Schmidt, performing works of
Bach, Haydn, and Thomas Tallis.
A service of Holy Communion
will be conducted at 9 a.m. Sun
day in Memorial Church. Vespers,
formerly held at 4:45 p.m., will
be at 7 p.m. beginning this Sun
day.
At the first 7 p.m. Vespers, Sun
day, Dr. Henry Adams will speak
on the topic “Towards Athens
’63.” Dr. Adam’s description will
be followed by a question and an
swer period.
Sunday’s 11 a.m. worship serv
ice will be broadcast over KXKX,
KM, 88.5 mcs., at 9 p.m. that
night.
Weekday services at Memorial
Church include morning prayer
daily at 7:35 a.m., candlelight
services Wednesday at 9:30 p.m.,
and Holy Communion Thursdays
at 5:15 p.m.
“Interpreting the Present Time”
will be Rev. Robert McAfee
Brown’s topic when he preaches
at Memorial Church Sunday at 11
a.m. Brown, professor of regli
gion, came to Stanford from
Union Theological Seminary, IVew
York. Special music will be pro
vided by assistant organist Thom
as Harmon and the Memorial
Church Choir, directed by Harold
Schmidt, performing works of
Bach, Haydn, and Thomas Tallis.
A service of Holy Communion
will be conducted at 9 a.m. Sun
day in Memorial Church. Vespers,
formerly held at 4:45 p.m., will
be at 7 p.m. beginning this Sun
day.
At the first 7 p.m. Vespers, Sun
day, Dr. Henry Adams will speak
on the topic “Towards Athens
’63.” Dr. Adam’s description will
be followed by a question and an
swer period.
Sunday’s 11 a.m. worship serv
ice will be broadcast over KXKX,
KM, 88.5 mcs., at 9 p.m. that
night.
Weekday services at Memorial
Church include morning prayer
daily at 7:35 a.m., candlelight
services Wednesday at 9:30 p.m.,
and Holy Communion Thursdays
at 5:15 p.m.
“Interpreting the Present Time”
will be Rev. Robert McAfee
Brown’s topic when he preaches
at Memorial Church Sunday at 11
a.m. Brown, professor of regli
gion, came to Stanford from
Union Theological Seminary, IVew
York. Special music will be pro
vided by assistant organist Thom
as Harmon and the Memorial
Church Choir, directed by Harold
Schmidt, performing works of
Bach, Haydn, and Thomas Tallis.
A service of Holy Communion
will be conducted at 9 a.m. Sun
day in Memorial Church. Vespers,
formerly held at 4:45 p.m., will
be at 7 p.m. beginning this Sun
day.
At the first 7 p.m. Vespers, Sun
day, Dr. Henry Adams will speak
on the topic “Towards Athens
’63.” Dr. Adam’s description will
be followed by a question and an
swer period.
Sunday’s 11 a.m. worship serv
ice will be broadcast over KXKX,
KM, 88.5 mcs., at 9 p.m. that
night.
Weekday services at Memorial
Church include morning prayer
daily at 7:35 a.m., candlelight
services Wednesday at 9:30 p.m.,
and Holy Communion Thursdays
at 5:15 p.m.
“Interpreting the Present Time”
will be Rev. Robert McAfee
Brown’s topic when he preaches
at Memorial Church Sunday at 11
a.m. Brown, professor of regli
gion, came to Stanford from
Union Theological Seminary, IVew
York. Special music will be pro
vided by assistant organist Thom
as Harmon and the Memorial
Church Choir, directed by Harold
Schmidt, performing works of
Bach, Haydn, and Thomas Tallis.
A service of Holy Communion
will be conducted at 9 a.m. Sun
day in Memorial Church. Vespers,
formerly held at 4:45 p.m., will
be at 7 p.m. beginning this Sun
day.
At the first 7 p.m. Vespers, Sun
day, Dr. Henry Adams will speak
on the topic “Towards Athens
’63.” Dr. Adam’s description will
be followed by a question and an
swer period.
Sunday’s 11 a.m. worship serv
ice will be broadcast over KXKX,
KM, 88.5 mcs., at 9 p.m. that
night.
Weekday services at Memorial
Church include morning prayer
daily at 7:35 a.m., candlelight
services Wednesday at 9:30 p.m.,
and Holy Communion Thursdays
at 5:15 p.m.
“Interpreting the Present Time”
will be Rev. Robert McAfee
Brown’s topic when he preaches
at Memorial Church Sunday at 11
a.m. Brown, professor of regli
gion, came to Stanford from
Union Theological Seminary, IVew
York. Special music will be pro
vided by assistant organist Thom
as Harmon and the Memorial
Church Choir, directed by Harold
Schmidt, performing works of
Bach, Haydn, and Thomas Tallis.
A service of Holy Communion
will be conducted at 9 a.m. Sun
day in Memorial Church. Vespers,
formerly held at 4:45 p.m., will
be at 7 p.m. beginning this Sun
day.
At the first 7 p.m. Vespers, Sun
day, Dr. Henry Adams will speak
on the topic “Towards Athens
’63.” Dr. Adam’s description will
be followed by a question and an
swer period.
Sunday’s 11 a.m. worship serv
ice will be broadcast over KXKX,
KM, 88.5 mcs., at 9 p.m. that
night.
Weekday services at Memorial
Church include morning prayer
daily at 7:35 a.m., candlelight
services Wednesday at 9:30 p.m.,
and Holy Communion Thursdays
at 5:15 p.m.
“Interpreting the Present Time”
will be Rev. Robert McAfee
Brown’s topic when he preaches
at Memorial Church Sunday at 11
a.m. Brown, professor of regli
gion, came to Stanford from
Union Theological Seminary, IVew
York. Special music will be pro
vided by assistant organist Thom
as Harmon and the Memorial
Church Choir, directed by Harold
Schmidt, performing works of
Bach, Haydn, and Thomas Tallis.
A service of Holy Communion
will be conducted at 9 a.m. Sun
day in Memorial Church. Vespers,
formerly held at 4:45 p.m., will
be at 7 p.m. beginning this Sun
day.
At the first 7 p.m. Vespers, Sun
day, Dr. Henry Adams will speak
on the topic “Towards Athens
’63.” Dr. Adam’s description will
be followed by a question and an
swer period.
Sunday’s 11 a.m. worship serv
ice will be broadcast over KXKX,
KM, 88.5 mcs., at 9 p.m. that
night.
Weekday services at Memorial
Church include morning prayer
daily at 7:35 a.m., candlelight
services Wednesday at 9:30 p.m.,
and Holy Communion Thursdays
at 5:15 p.m.
“Interpreting the Present Time”
will be Rev. Robert McAfee
Brown’s topic when he preaches
at Memorial Church Sunday at 11
a.m. Brown, professor of regli
gion, came to Stanford from
Union Theological Seminary, IVew
York. Special music will be pro
vided by assistant organist Thom
as Harmon and the Memorial
Church Choir, directed by Harold
Schmidt, performing works of
Bach, Haydn, and Thomas Tallis.
A service of Holy Communion
will be conducted at 9 a.m. Sun
day in Memorial Church. Vespers,
formerly held at 4:45 p.m., will
be at 7 p.m. beginning this Sun
day.
At the first 7 p.m. Vespers, Sun
day, Dr. Henry Adams will speak
on the topic “Towards Athens
’63.” Dr. Adam’s description will
be followed by a question and an
swer period.
Sunday’s 11 a.m. worship serv
ice will be broadcast over KXKX,
KM, 88.5 mcs., at 9 p.m. that
night.
Weekday services at Memorial
Church include morning prayer
daily at 7:35 a.m., candlelight
services Wednesday at 9:30 p.m.,
and Holy Communion Thursdays
at 5:15 p.m.
“Interpreting the Present Time”
will be Rev. Robert McAfee
Brown’s topic when he preaches
at Memorial Church Sunday at 11
a.m. Brown, professor of regli
gion, came to Stanford from
Union Theological Seminary, IVew
York. Special music will be pro
vided by assistant organist Thom
as Harmon and the Memorial
Church Choir, directed by Harold
Schmidt, performing works of
Bach, Haydn, and Thomas Tallis.
A service of Holy Communion
will be conducted at 9 a.m. Sun
day in Memorial Church. Vespers,
formerly held at 4:45 p.m., will
be at 7 p.m. beginning this Sun
day.
At the first 7 p.m. Vespers, Sun
day, Dr. Henry Adams will speak
on the topic “Towards Athens
’63.” Dr. Adam’s description will
be followed by a question and an
swer period.
Sunday’s 11 a.m. worship serv
ice will be broadcast over KXKX,
KM, 88.5 mcs., at 9 p.m. that
night.
Weekday services at Memorial
Church include morning prayer
daily at 7:35 a.m., candlelight
services Wednesday at 9:30 p.m.,
and Holy Communion Thursdays
at 5:15 p.m.
“Interpreting the Present Time”
will be Rev. Robert McAfee
Brown’s topic when he preaches
at Memorial Church Sunday at 11
a.m. Brown, professor of regli
gion, came to Stanford from
Union Theological Seminary, IVew
York. Special music will be pro
vided by assistant organist Thom
as Harmon and the Memorial
Church Choir, directed by Harold
Schmidt, performing works of
Bach, Haydn, and Thomas Tallis.
A service of Holy Communion
will be conducted at 9 a.m. Sun
day in Memorial Church. Vespers,
formerly held at 4:45 p.m., will
be at 7 p.m. beginning this Sun
day.
At the first 7 p.m. Vespers, Sun
day, Dr. Henry Adams will speak
on the topic “Towards Athens
’63.” Dr. Adam’s description will
be followed by a question and an
swer period.
Sunday’s 11 a.m. worship serv
ice will be broadcast over KXKX,
KM, 88.5 mcs., at 9 p.m. that
night.
Weekday services at Memorial
Church include morning prayer
daily at 7:35 a.m., candlelight
services Wednesday at 9:30 p.m.,
and Holy Communion Thursdays
at 5:15 p.m.
“Interpreting the Present Time”
will be Rev. Robert McAfee
Brown’s topic when he preaches
at Memorial Church Sunday at 11
a.m. Brown, professor of regli
gion, came to Stanford from
Union Theological Seminary, IVew
York. Special music will be pro
vided by assistant organist Thom
as Harmon and the Memorial
Church Choir, directed by Harold
Schmidt, performing works of
Bach, Haydn, and Thomas Tallis.
A service of Holy Communion
will be conducted at 9 a.m. Sun
day in Memorial Church. Vespers,
formerly held at 4:45 p.m., will
be at 7 p.m. beginning this Sun
day.
At the first 7 p.m. Vespers, Sun
day, Dr. Henry Adams will speak
on the topic “Towards Athens
’63.” Dr. Adam’s description will
be followed by a question and an
swer period.
Sunday’s 11 a.m. worship serv
ice will be broadcast over KXKX,
KM, 88.5 mcs., at 9 p.m. that
night.
Weekday services at Memorial
Church include morning prayer
daily at 7:35 a.m., candlelight
services Wednesday at 9:30 p.m.,
and Holy Communion Thursdays
at 5:15 p.m.
“Interpreting the Present Time”
will be Rev. Robert McAfee
Brown’s topic when he preaches
at Memorial Church Sunday at 11
a.m. Brown, professor of regli
gion, came to Stanford from
Union Theological Seminary, IVew
York. Special music will be pro
vided by assistant organist Thom
as Harmon and the Memorial
Church Choir, directed by Harold
Schmidt, performing works of
Bach, Haydn, and Thomas Tallis.
A service of Holy Communion
will be conducted at 9 a.m. Sun
day in Memorial Church. Vespers,
formerly held at 4:45 p.m., will
be at 7 p.m. beginning this Sun
day.
At the first 7 p.m. Vespers, Sun
day, Dr. Henry Adams will speak
on the topic “Towards Athens
’63.” Dr. Adam’s description will
be followed by a question and an
swer period.
Sunday’s 11 a.m. worship serv
ice will be broadcast over KXKX,
KM, 88.5 mcs., at 9 p.m. that
night.
Weekday services at Memorial
Church include morning prayer
daily at 7:35 a.m., candlelight
services Wednesday at 9:30 p.m.,
and Holy Communion Thursdays
at 5:15 p.m.
“Interpreting the Present Time”
will be Rev. Robert McAfee
Brown’s topic when he preaches
at Memorial Church Sunday at 11
a.m. Brown, professor of regli
gion, came to Stanford from
Union Theological Seminary, IVew
York. Special music will be pro
vided by assistant organist Thom
as Harmon and the Memorial
Church Choir, directed by Harold
Schmidt, performing works of
Bach, Haydn, and Thomas Tallis.
A service of Holy Communion
will be conducted at 9 a.m. Sun
day in Memorial Church. Vespers,
formerly held at 4:45 p.m., will
be at 7 p.m. beginning this Sun
day.
At the first 7 p.m. Vespers, Sun
day, Dr. Henry Adams will speak
on the topic “Towards Athens
’63.” Dr. Adam’s description will
be followed by a question and an
swer period.
Sunday’s 11 a.m. worship serv
ice will be broadcast over KXKX,
KM, 88.5 mcs., at 9 p.m. that
night.
Weekday services at Memorial
Church include morning prayer
daily at 7:35 a.m., candlelight
services Wednesday at 9:30 p.m.,
and Holy Communion Thursdays
at 5:15 p.m.
