# MEMBERS OF 1925 NAME TEMPORARY CHAIRMAN
## 
### 
Members of the class of 1925 at a
meeting held last week provisionally
organized for the summer quarter,
Guy Dennis being elected temporary
class chairman.
In view of the fact that permanent
class organization would be made in
the fall, it was deemed wise to make
no election of officers at this time.
Short talks on Stanford traditions
were made by Everet Layman, '19, and
W. F. Leiser, '21, representing the
upperclass men.
Members of the class of 1925 at a
meeting held last week provisionally
organized for the summer quarter,
Guy Dennis being elected temporary
class chairman.
In view of the fact that permanent
class organization would be made in
the fall, it was deemed wise to make
no election of officers at this time.
Short talks on Stanford traditions
were made by Everet Layman, '19, and
W. F. Leiser, '21, representing the
upperclass men.
Members of the class of 1925 at a
meeting held last week provisionally
organized for the summer quarter,
Guy Dennis being elected temporary
class chairman.
In view of the fact that permanent
class organization would be made in
the fall, it was deemed wise to make
no election of officers at this time.
Short talks on Stanford traditions
were made by Everet Layman, '19, and
W. F. Leiser, '21, representing the
upperclass men.
Members of the class of 1925 at a
meeting held last week provisionally
organized for the summer quarter,
Guy Dennis being elected temporary
class chairman.
In view of the fact that permanent
class organization would be made in
the fall, it was deemed wise to make
no election of officers at this time.
Short talks on Stanford traditions
were made by Everet Layman, '19, and
W. F. Leiser, '21, representing the
upperclass men.
Members of the class of 1925 at a
meeting held last week provisionally
organized for the summer quarter,
Guy Dennis being elected temporary
class chairman.
In view of the fact that permanent
class organization would be made in
the fall, it was deemed wise to make
no election of officers at this time.
Short talks on Stanford traditions
were made by Everet Layman, '19, and
W. F. Leiser, '21, representing the
upperclass men.
Members of the class of 1925 at a
meeting held last week provisionally
organized for the summer quarter,
Guy Dennis being elected temporary
class chairman.
In view of the fact that permanent
class organization would be made in
the fall, it was deemed wise to make
no election of officers at this time.
Short talks on Stanford traditions
were made by Everet Layman, '19, and
W. F. Leiser, '21, representing the
upperclass men.
Members of the class of 1925 at a
meeting held last week provisionally
organized for the summer quarter,
Guy Dennis being elected temporary
class chairman.
In view of the fact that permanent
class organization would be made in
the fall, it was deemed wise to make
no election of officers at this time.
Short talks on Stanford traditions
were made by Everet Layman, '19, and
W. F. Leiser, '21, representing the
upperclass men.
Members of the class of 1925 at a
meeting held last week provisionally
organized for the summer quarter,
Guy Dennis being elected temporary
class chairman.
In view of the fact that permanent
class organization would be made in
the fall, it was deemed wise to make
no election of officers at this time.
Short talks on Stanford traditions
were made by Everet Layman, '19, and
W. F. Leiser, '21, representing the
upperclass men.
Members of the class of 1925 at a
meeting held last week provisionally
organized for the summer quarter,
Guy Dennis being elected temporary
class chairman.
In view of the fact that permanent
class organization would be made in
the fall, it was deemed wise to make
no election of officers at this time.
Short talks on Stanford traditions
were made by Everet Layman, '19, and
W. F. Leiser, '21, representing the
upperclass men.
Members of the class of 1925 at a
meeting held last week provisionally
organized for the summer quarter,
Guy Dennis being elected temporary
class chairman.
In view of the fact that permanent
class organization would be made in
the fall, it was deemed wise to make
no election of officers at this time.
Short talks on Stanford traditions
were made by Everet Layman, '19, and
W. F. Leiser, '21, representing the
upperclass men.
Members of the class of 1925 at a
meeting held last week provisionally
organized for the summer quarter,
Guy Dennis being elected temporary
class chairman.
In view of the fact that permanent
class organization would be made in
the fall, it was deemed wise to make
no election of officers at this time.
Short talks on Stanford traditions
were made by Everet Layman, '19, and
W. F. Leiser, '21, representing the
upperclass men.
Members of the class of 1925 at a
meeting held last week provisionally
organized for the summer quarter,
Guy Dennis being elected temporary
class chairman.
In view of the fact that permanent
class organization would be made in
the fall, it was deemed wise to make
no election of officers at this time.
Short talks on Stanford traditions
were made by Everet Layman, '19, and
W. F. Leiser, '21, representing the
upperclass men.
Members of the class of 1925 at a
meeting held last week provisionally
organized for the summer quarter,
Guy Dennis being elected temporary
class chairman.
In view of the fact that permanent
class organization would be made in
the fall, it was deemed wise to make
no election of officers at this time.
Short talks on Stanford traditions
were made by Everet Layman, '19, and
W. F. Leiser, '21, representing the
upperclass men.
