# TONG MURDER
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Feb. 12. (#>)—Two
Chinese were held in jail today,
charged with the murder of another
in the Strand Street Theatre last
night.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12. (#>)—Two
Chinese were held in jail today,
charged with the murder of another
in the Strand Street Theatre last
night.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12. (#>)—Two
Chinese were held in jail today,
charged with the murder of another
in the Strand Street Theatre last
night.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12. (#>)—Two
Chinese were held in jail today,
charged with the murder of another
in the Strand Street Theatre last
night.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12. (#>)—Two
Chinese were held in jail today,
charged with the murder of another
in the Strand Street Theatre last
night.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12. (#>)—Two
Chinese were held in jail today,
charged with the murder of another
in the Strand Street Theatre last
night.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12. (#>)—Two
Chinese were held in jail today,
charged with the murder of another
in the Strand Street Theatre last
night.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12. (#>)—Two
Chinese were held in jail today,
charged with the murder of another
in the Strand Street Theatre last
night.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12. (#>)—Two
Chinese were held in jail today,
charged with the murder of another
in the Strand Street Theatre last
night.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12. (#>)—Two
Chinese were held in jail today,
charged with the murder of another
in the Strand Street Theatre last
night.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12. (#>)—Two
Chinese were held in jail today,
charged with the murder of another
in the Strand Street Theatre last
night.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12. (#>)—Two
Chinese were held in jail today,
charged with the murder of another
in the Strand Street Theatre last
night.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12. (#>)—Two
Chinese were held in jail today,
charged with the murder of another
in the Strand Street Theatre last
night.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12. (#>)—Two
Chinese were held in jail today,
charged with the murder of another
in the Strand Street Theatre last
night.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12. (#>)—Two
Chinese were held in jail today,
charged with the murder of another
in the Strand Street Theatre last
night.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12. (#>)—Two
Chinese were held in jail today,
charged with the murder of another
in the Strand Street Theatre last
night.
