# PAY UP OR LEAVE LATEST UKASE OF STONY REGISTRAR
## 
### 
With the roll of registration
red tape about depleted, the
Registrar's Office announces
that syllabus fees must be
paid by r> o'clock tonight or
the debtors will have their
registration cancelled.
The money, it was stated,
should be brought fo the Aud
itor's office on the second
floor of the Administration
building.
According to University
regulation the syllabus fees
should have been paid by
Thursday, February 6, and
after that date a $2 fine was
levied on all late payments.
If the fees are not paid by 5
o'clock this evening, the of
fenders will be referred to the
registration committee and
their registration is subject
to cancellation.
With the roll of registration
red tape about depleted, the
Registrar's Office announces
that syllabus fees must be
paid by r> o'clock tonight or
the debtors will have their
registration cancelled.
The money, it was stated,
should be brought fo the Aud
itor's office on the second
floor of the Administration
building.
According to University
regulation the syllabus fees
should have been paid by
Thursday, February 6, and
after that date a $2 fine was
levied on all late payments.
If the fees are not paid by 5
o'clock this evening, the of
fenders will be referred to the
registration committee and
their registration is subject
to cancellation.
With the roll of registration
red tape about depleted, the
Registrar's Office announces
that syllabus fees must be
paid by r> o'clock tonight or
the debtors will have their
registration cancelled.
The money, it was stated,
should be brought fo the Aud
itor's office on the second
floor of the Administration
building.
According to University
regulation the syllabus fees
should have been paid by
Thursday, February 6, and
after that date a $2 fine was
levied on all late payments.
If the fees are not paid by 5
o'clock this evening, the of
fenders will be referred to the
registration committee and
their registration is subject
to cancellation.
With the roll of registration
red tape about depleted, the
Registrar's Office announces
that syllabus fees must be
paid by r> o'clock tonight or
the debtors will have their
registration cancelled.
The money, it was stated,
should be brought fo the Aud
itor's office on the second
floor of the Administration
building.
According to University
regulation the syllabus fees
should have been paid by
Thursday, February 6, and
after that date a $2 fine was
levied on all late payments.
If the fees are not paid by 5
o'clock this evening, the of
fenders will be referred to the
registration committee and
their registration is subject
to cancellation.
With the roll of registration
red tape about depleted, the
Registrar's Office announces
that syllabus fees must be
paid by r> o'clock tonight or
the debtors will have their
registration cancelled.
The money, it was stated,
should be brought fo the Aud
itor's office on the second
floor of the Administration
building.
According to University
regulation the syllabus fees
should have been paid by
Thursday, February 6, and
after that date a $2 fine was
levied on all late payments.
If the fees are not paid by 5
o'clock this evening, the of
fenders will be referred to the
registration committee and
their registration is subject
to cancellation.
With the roll of registration
red tape about depleted, the
Registrar's Office announces
that syllabus fees must be
paid by r> o'clock tonight or
the debtors will have their
registration cancelled.
The money, it was stated,
should be brought fo the Aud
itor's office on the second
floor of the Administration
building.
According to University
regulation the syllabus fees
should have been paid by
Thursday, February 6, and
after that date a $2 fine was
levied on all late payments.
If the fees are not paid by 5
o'clock this evening, the of
fenders will be referred to the
registration committee and
their registration is subject
to cancellation.
With the roll of registration
red tape about depleted, the
Registrar's Office announces
that syllabus fees must be
paid by r> o'clock tonight or
the debtors will have their
registration cancelled.
The money, it was stated,
should be brought fo the Aud
itor's office on the second
floor of the Administration
building.
According to University
regulation the syllabus fees
should have been paid by
Thursday, February 6, and
after that date a $2 fine was
levied on all late payments.
If the fees are not paid by 5
o'clock this evening, the of
fenders will be referred to the
registration committee and
their registration is subject
to cancellation.
With the roll of registration
red tape about depleted, the
Registrar's Office announces
that syllabus fees must be
paid by r> o'clock tonight or
the debtors will have their
registration cancelled.
The money, it was stated,
should be brought fo the Aud
itor's office on the second
floor of the Administration
building.
According to University
regulation the syllabus fees
should have been paid by
Thursday, February 6, and
after that date a $2 fine was
levied on all late payments.
If the fees are not paid by 5
o'clock this evening, the of
fenders will be referred to the
registration committee and
their registration is subject
to cancellation.
With the roll of registration
red tape about depleted, the
Registrar's Office announces
that syllabus fees must be
paid by r> o'clock tonight or
the debtors will have their
registration cancelled.
The money, it was stated,
should be brought fo the Aud
itor's office on the second
floor of the Administration
building.
According to University
regulation the syllabus fees
should have been paid by
Thursday, February 6, and
after that date a $2 fine was
levied on all late payments.
If the fees are not paid by 5
o'clock this evening, the of
fenders will be referred to the
registration committee and
their registration is subject
to cancellation.
With the roll of registration
red tape about depleted, the
Registrar's Office announces
that syllabus fees must be
paid by r> o'clock tonight or
the debtors will have their
registration cancelled.
The money, it was stated,
should be brought fo the Aud
itor's office on the second
floor of the Administration
building.
According to University
regulation the syllabus fees
should have been paid by
Thursday, February 6, and
after that date a $2 fine was
levied on all late payments.
If the fees are not paid by 5
o'clock this evening, the of
fenders will be referred to the
registration committee and
their registration is subject
to cancellation.
With the roll of registration
red tape about depleted, the
Registrar's Office announces
that syllabus fees must be
paid by r> o'clock tonight or
the debtors will have their
registration cancelled.
The money, it was stated,
should be brought fo the Aud
itor's office on the second
floor of the Administration
building.
According to University
regulation the syllabus fees
should have been paid by
Thursday, February 6, and
after that date a $2 fine was
levied on all late payments.
If the fees are not paid by 5
o'clock this evening, the of
fenders will be referred to the
registration committee and
their registration is subject
to cancellation.
With the roll of registration
red tape about depleted, the
Registrar's Office announces
that syllabus fees must be
paid by r> o'clock tonight or
the debtors will have their
registration cancelled.
The money, it was stated,
should be brought fo the Aud
itor's office on the second
floor of the Administration
building.
According to University
regulation the syllabus fees
should have been paid by
Thursday, February 6, and
after that date a $2 fine was
levied on all late payments.
If the fees are not paid by 5
o'clock this evening, the of
fenders will be referred to the
registration committee and
their registration is subject
to cancellation.
With the roll of registration
red tape about depleted, the
Registrar's Office announces
that syllabus fees must be
paid by r> o'clock tonight or
the debtors will have their
registration cancelled.
The money, it was stated,
should be brought fo the Aud
itor's office on the second
floor of the Administration
building.
According to University
regulation the syllabus fees
should have been paid by
Thursday, February 6, and
after that date a $2 fine was
levied on all late payments.
If the fees are not paid by 5
o'clock this evening, the of
fenders will be referred to the
registration committee and
their registration is subject
to cancellation.
With the roll of registration
red tape about depleted, the
Registrar's Office announces
that syllabus fees must be
paid by r> o'clock tonight or
the debtors will have their
registration cancelled.
The money, it was stated,
should be brought fo the Aud
itor's office on the second
floor of the Administration
building.
According to University
regulation the syllabus fees
should have been paid by
Thursday, February 6, and
after that date a $2 fine was
levied on all late payments.
If the fees are not paid by 5
o'clock this evening, the of
fenders will be referred to the
registration committee and
their registration is subject
to cancellation.
With the roll of registration
red tape about depleted, the
Registrar's Office announces
that syllabus fees must be
paid by r> o'clock tonight or
the debtors will have their
registration cancelled.
The money, it was stated,
should be brought fo the Aud
itor's office on the second
floor of the Administration
building.
According to University
regulation the syllabus fees
should have been paid by
Thursday, February 6, and
after that date a $2 fine was
levied on all late payments.
If the fees are not paid by 5
o'clock this evening, the of
fenders will be referred to the
registration committee and
their registration is subject
to cancellation.
With the roll of registration
red tape about depleted, the
Registrar's Office announces
that syllabus fees must be
paid by r> o'clock tonight or
the debtors will have their
registration cancelled.
The money, it was stated,
should be brought fo the Aud
itor's office on the second
floor of the Administration
building.
According to University
regulation the syllabus fees
should have been paid by
Thursday, February 6, and
after that date a $2 fine was
levied on all late payments.
If the fees are not paid by 5
o'clock this evening, the of
fenders will be referred to the
registration committee and
their registration is subject
to cancellation.
