# SWAIN HOST TO ROW MEN
## 
### 
Members of (lie Interfraternity
Council and presidents of rumpus
fraternities wen* entertained ;il
dinner last ninlit by Acting Presi
dent and Mrs. Swain. Fraternity
problems were discussed after Hi"
dinner.
Members of (lie Interfraternity
Council and presidents of rumpus
fraternities wen* entertained ;il
dinner last ninlit by Acting Presi
dent and Mrs. Swain. Fraternity
problems were discussed after Hi"
dinner.
Members of (lie Interfraternity
Council and presidents of rumpus
fraternities wen* entertained ;il
dinner last ninlit by Acting Presi
dent and Mrs. Swain. Fraternity
problems were discussed after Hi"
dinner.
Members of (lie Interfraternity
Council and presidents of rumpus
fraternities wen* entertained ;il
dinner last ninlit by Acting Presi
dent and Mrs. Swain. Fraternity
problems were discussed after Hi"
dinner.
Members of (lie Interfraternity
Council and presidents of rumpus
fraternities wen* entertained ;il
dinner last ninlit by Acting Presi
dent and Mrs. Swain. Fraternity
problems were discussed after Hi"
dinner.
Members of (lie Interfraternity
Council and presidents of rumpus
fraternities wen* entertained ;il
dinner last ninlit by Acting Presi
dent and Mrs. Swain. Fraternity
problems were discussed after Hi"
dinner.
Members of (lie Interfraternity
Council and presidents of rumpus
fraternities wen* entertained ;il
dinner last ninlit by Acting Presi
dent and Mrs. Swain. Fraternity
problems were discussed after Hi"
dinner.
Members of (lie Interfraternity
Council and presidents of rumpus
fraternities wen* entertained ;il
dinner last ninlit by Acting Presi
dent and Mrs. Swain. Fraternity
problems were discussed after Hi"
dinner.
Members of (lie Interfraternity
Council and presidents of rumpus
fraternities wen* entertained ;il
dinner last ninlit by Acting Presi
dent and Mrs. Swain. Fraternity
problems were discussed after Hi"
dinner.
Members of (lie Interfraternity
Council and presidents of rumpus
fraternities wen* entertained ;il
dinner last ninlit by Acting Presi
dent and Mrs. Swain. Fraternity
problems were discussed after Hi"
dinner.
Members of (lie Interfraternity
Council and presidents of rumpus
fraternities wen* entertained ;il
dinner last ninlit by Acting Presi
dent and Mrs. Swain. Fraternity
problems were discussed after Hi"
dinner.
Members of (lie Interfraternity
Council and presidents of rumpus
fraternities wen* entertained ;il
dinner last ninlit by Acting Presi
dent and Mrs. Swain. Fraternity
problems were discussed after Hi"
dinner.
Members of (lie Interfraternity
Council and presidents of rumpus
fraternities wen* entertained ;il
dinner last ninlit by Acting Presi
dent and Mrs. Swain. Fraternity
problems were discussed after Hi"
dinner.
Members of (lie Interfraternity
Council and presidents of rumpus
fraternities wen* entertained ;il
dinner last ninlit by Acting Presi
dent and Mrs. Swain. Fraternity
problems were discussed after Hi"
dinner.
Members of (lie Interfraternity
Council and presidents of rumpus
fraternities wen* entertained ;il
dinner last ninlit by Acting Presi
dent and Mrs. Swain. Fraternity
problems were discussed after Hi"
dinner.
Members of (lie Interfraternity
Council and presidents of rumpus
fraternities wen* entertained ;il
dinner last ninlit by Acting Presi
dent and Mrs. Swain. Fraternity
problems were discussed after Hi"
dinner.
