# MACHINE RECORDS SEVERAL TREMORS IN QUAKE TUESDAY
## 
### 
Development of the photo
graphic plates in the Stanford
seismograph showed yester
day that seven distinct trem
ors were recorded when the
slight earthquake rattled doors
and windows and swayed
chandeliers Tuesday. The seis
mogram was sent to Berkeley
yesterday by Professor S. I).
Townley, to lie correlated with
the results obtained there.
Development of the photo
graphic plates in the Stanford
seismograph showed yester
day that seven distinct trem
ors were recorded when the
slight earthquake rattled doors
and windows and swayed
chandeliers Tuesday. The seis
mogram was sent to Berkeley
yesterday by Professor S. I).
Townley, to lie correlated with
the results obtained there.
Development of the photo
graphic plates in the Stanford
seismograph showed yester
day that seven distinct trem
ors were recorded when the
slight earthquake rattled doors
and windows and swayed
chandeliers Tuesday. The seis
mogram was sent to Berkeley
yesterday by Professor S. I).
Townley, to lie correlated with
the results obtained there.
Development of the photo
graphic plates in the Stanford
seismograph showed yester
day that seven distinct trem
ors were recorded when the
slight earthquake rattled doors
and windows and swayed
chandeliers Tuesday. The seis
mogram was sent to Berkeley
yesterday by Professor S. I).
Townley, to lie correlated with
the results obtained there.
Development of the photo
graphic plates in the Stanford
seismograph showed yester
day that seven distinct trem
ors were recorded when the
slight earthquake rattled doors
and windows and swayed
chandeliers Tuesday. The seis
mogram was sent to Berkeley
yesterday by Professor S. I).
Townley, to lie correlated with
the results obtained there.
Development of the photo
graphic plates in the Stanford
seismograph showed yester
day that seven distinct trem
ors were recorded when the
slight earthquake rattled doors
and windows and swayed
chandeliers Tuesday. The seis
mogram was sent to Berkeley
yesterday by Professor S. I).
Townley, to lie correlated with
the results obtained there.
Development of the photo
graphic plates in the Stanford
seismograph showed yester
day that seven distinct trem
ors were recorded when the
slight earthquake rattled doors
and windows and swayed
chandeliers Tuesday. The seis
mogram was sent to Berkeley
yesterday by Professor S. I).
Townley, to lie correlated with
the results obtained there.
Development of the photo
graphic plates in the Stanford
seismograph showed yester
day that seven distinct trem
ors were recorded when the
slight earthquake rattled doors
and windows and swayed
chandeliers Tuesday. The seis
mogram was sent to Berkeley
yesterday by Professor S. I).
Townley, to lie correlated with
the results obtained there.
Development of the photo
graphic plates in the Stanford
seismograph showed yester
day that seven distinct trem
ors were recorded when the
slight earthquake rattled doors
and windows and swayed
chandeliers Tuesday. The seis
mogram was sent to Berkeley
yesterday by Professor S. I).
Townley, to lie correlated with
the results obtained there.
Development of the photo
graphic plates in the Stanford
seismograph showed yester
day that seven distinct trem
ors were recorded when the
slight earthquake rattled doors
and windows and swayed
chandeliers Tuesday. The seis
mogram was sent to Berkeley
yesterday by Professor S. I).
Townley, to lie correlated with
the results obtained there.
Development of the photo
graphic plates in the Stanford
seismograph showed yester
day that seven distinct trem
ors were recorded when the
slight earthquake rattled doors
and windows and swayed
chandeliers Tuesday. The seis
mogram was sent to Berkeley
yesterday by Professor S. I).
Townley, to lie correlated with
the results obtained there.
Development of the photo
graphic plates in the Stanford
seismograph showed yester
day that seven distinct trem
ors were recorded when the
slight earthquake rattled doors
and windows and swayed
chandeliers Tuesday. The seis
mogram was sent to Berkeley
yesterday by Professor S. I).
Townley, to lie correlated with
the results obtained there.
Development of the photo
graphic plates in the Stanford
seismograph showed yester
day that seven distinct trem
ors were recorded when the
slight earthquake rattled doors
and windows and swayed
chandeliers Tuesday. The seis
mogram was sent to Berkeley
yesterday by Professor S. I).
Townley, to lie correlated with
the results obtained there.
Development of the photo
graphic plates in the Stanford
seismograph showed yester
day that seven distinct trem
ors were recorded when the
slight earthquake rattled doors
and windows and swayed
chandeliers Tuesday. The seis
mogram was sent to Berkeley
yesterday by Professor S. I).
Townley, to lie correlated with
the results obtained there.
Development of the photo
graphic plates in the Stanford
seismograph showed yester
day that seven distinct trem
ors were recorded when the
slight earthquake rattled doors
and windows and swayed
chandeliers Tuesday. The seis
mogram was sent to Berkeley
yesterday by Professor S. I).
Townley, to lie correlated with
the results obtained there.
Development of the photo
graphic plates in the Stanford
seismograph showed yester
day that seven distinct trem
ors were recorded when the
slight earthquake rattled doors
and windows and swayed
chandeliers Tuesday. The seis
mogram was sent to Berkeley
yesterday by Professor S. I).
Townley, to lie correlated with
the results obtained there.
