# ICHIHASHI TALKS TO PALO ALTO WOMEN ON LONDON PARLEY
## 
### 
"In watching the progress of the
London Naval Conference, be pa
tient, and don't believe newspaper
heads," said Professor Ichihashi ot
the history department in a talk
last night*at a dinner of the Ameri
can Association of University Wo
men, Palo Alto Branch.
"To get an accurate idea of th«■
progress of the conference," he
continued, "one should read ac
counts in papers of all the eoun
tries represented, so that one may
see the problems from the differ
ent points of view."
In discussing the problems con
fronting the parley, Professor Ichi
hashi touched upon one of the vital
difficulties encountered. "All na
lions are justifying their armament
as a means of defense," lie said,
"but can you conceive of a first
class football team so considered
on a basis of its being purely de
fensive in character?"
Professor Ichihashi believes thai
the world is headed toward dis
armament, and tinl eventually w<
will be rid of the enormous burden
of carrying arms. "When mutual
confidence is developed to take the
place of mutual suspicion," lie con
cluded, "it. may become possible
for nations to get along without
any armaments."
"In watching the progress of the
London Naval Conference, be pa
tient, and don't believe newspaper
heads," said Professor Ichihashi ot
the history department in a talk
last night*at a dinner of the Ameri
can Association of University Wo
men, Palo Alto Branch.
"To get an accurate idea of th«■
progress of the conference," he
continued, "one should read ac
counts in papers of all the eoun
tries represented, so that one may
see the problems from the differ
ent points of view."
In discussing the problems con
fronting the parley, Professor Ichi
hashi touched upon one of the vital
difficulties encountered. "All na
lions are justifying their armament
as a means of defense," lie said,
"but can you conceive of a first
class football team so considered
on a basis of its being purely de
fensive in character?"
Professor Ichihashi believes thai
the world is headed toward dis
armament, and tinl eventually w<
will be rid of the enormous burden
of carrying arms. "When mutual
confidence is developed to take the
place of mutual suspicion," lie con
cluded, "it. may become possible
for nations to get along without
any armaments."
"In watching the progress of the
London Naval Conference, be pa
tient, and don't believe newspaper
heads," said Professor Ichihashi ot
the history department in a talk
last night*at a dinner of the Ameri
can Association of University Wo
men, Palo Alto Branch.
"To get an accurate idea of th«■
progress of the conference," he
continued, "one should read ac
counts in papers of all the eoun
tries represented, so that one may
see the problems from the differ
ent points of view."
In discussing the problems con
fronting the parley, Professor Ichi
hashi touched upon one of the vital
difficulties encountered. "All na
lions are justifying their armament
as a means of defense," lie said,
"but can you conceive of a first
class football team so considered
on a basis of its being purely de
fensive in character?"
Professor Ichihashi believes thai
the world is headed toward dis
armament, and tinl eventually w<
will be rid of the enormous burden
of carrying arms. "When mutual
confidence is developed to take the
place of mutual suspicion," lie con
cluded, "it. may become possible
for nations to get along without
any armaments."
"In watching the progress of the
London Naval Conference, be pa
tient, and don't believe newspaper
heads," said Professor Ichihashi ot
the history department in a talk
last night*at a dinner of the Ameri
can Association of University Wo
men, Palo Alto Branch.
"To get an accurate idea of th«■
progress of the conference," he
continued, "one should read ac
counts in papers of all the eoun
tries represented, so that one may
see the problems from the differ
ent points of view."
In discussing the problems con
fronting the parley, Professor Ichi
hashi touched upon one of the vital
difficulties encountered. "All na
lions are justifying their armament
as a means of defense," lie said,
"but can you conceive of a first
class football team so considered
on a basis of its being purely de
fensive in character?"
Professor Ichihashi believes thai
the world is headed toward dis
armament, and tinl eventually w<
will be rid of the enormous burden
of carrying arms. "When mutual
confidence is developed to take the
place of mutual suspicion," lie con
cluded, "it. may become possible
for nations to get along without
any armaments."
"In watching the progress of the
London Naval Conference, be pa
tient, and don't believe newspaper
heads," said Professor Ichihashi ot
the history department in a talk
last night*at a dinner of the Ameri
can Association of University Wo
men, Palo Alto Branch.
"To get an accurate idea of th«■
progress of the conference," he
continued, "one should read ac
counts in papers of all the eoun
tries represented, so that one may
see the problems from the differ
ent points of view."
In discussing the problems con
fronting the parley, Professor Ichi
hashi touched upon one of the vital
difficulties encountered. "All na
lions are justifying their armament
as a means of defense," lie said,
"but can you conceive of a first
class football team so considered
on a basis of its being purely de
fensive in character?"
Professor Ichihashi believes thai
the world is headed toward dis
armament, and tinl eventually w<
will be rid of the enormous burden
of carrying arms. "When mutual
confidence is developed to take the
place of mutual suspicion," lie con
cluded, "it. may become possible
for nations to get along without
any armaments."
"In watching the progress of the
London Naval Conference, be pa
tient, and don't believe newspaper
heads," said Professor Ichihashi ot
the history department in a talk
last night*at a dinner of the Ameri
can Association of University Wo
men, Palo Alto Branch.
"To get an accurate idea of th«■
progress of the conference," he
continued, "one should read ac
counts in papers of all the eoun
tries represented, so that one may
see the problems from the differ
ent points of view."
In discussing the problems con
fronting the parley, Professor Ichi
hashi touched upon one of the vital
difficulties encountered. "All na
lions are justifying their armament
as a means of defense," lie said,
"but can you conceive of a first
class football team so considered
on a basis of its being purely de
fensive in character?"
Professor Ichihashi believes thai
the world is headed toward dis
armament, and tinl eventually w<
will be rid of the enormous burden
of carrying arms. "When mutual
confidence is developed to take the
place of mutual suspicion," lie con
cluded, "it. may become possible
for nations to get along without
any armaments."
"In watching the progress of the
London Naval Conference, be pa
tient, and don't believe newspaper
heads," said Professor Ichihashi ot
the history department in a talk
last night*at a dinner of the Ameri
can Association of University Wo
men, Palo Alto Branch.
"To get an accurate idea of th«■
progress of the conference," he
continued, "one should read ac
counts in papers of all the eoun
tries represented, so that one may
see the problems from the differ
ent points of view."
In discussing the problems con
fronting the parley, Professor Ichi
hashi touched upon one of the vital
difficulties encountered. "All na
lions are justifying their armament
as a means of defense," lie said,
"but can you conceive of a first
class football team so considered
on a basis of its being purely de
fensive in character?"
Professor Ichihashi believes thai
the world is headed toward dis
armament, and tinl eventually w<
will be rid of the enormous burden
of carrying arms. "When mutual
confidence is developed to take the
place of mutual suspicion," lie con
cluded, "it. may become possible
for nations to get along without
any armaments."
"In watching the progress of the
London Naval Conference, be pa
tient, and don't believe newspaper
heads," said Professor Ichihashi ot
the history department in a talk
last night*at a dinner of the Ameri
can Association of University Wo
men, Palo Alto Branch.
"To get an accurate idea of th«■
progress of the conference," he
continued, "one should read ac
counts in papers of all the eoun
tries represented, so that one may
see the problems from the differ
ent points of view."
In discussing the problems con
fronting the parley, Professor Ichi
hashi touched upon one of the vital
difficulties encountered. "All na
lions are justifying their armament
as a means of defense," lie said,
"but can you conceive of a first
class football team so considered
on a basis of its being purely de
fensive in character?"
Professor Ichihashi believes thai
the world is headed toward dis
armament, and tinl eventually w<
will be rid of the enormous burden
of carrying arms. "When mutual
confidence is developed to take the
place of mutual suspicion," lie con
cluded, "it. may become possible
for nations to get along without
any armaments."
"In watching the progress of the
London Naval Conference, be pa
tient, and don't believe newspaper
heads," said Professor Ichihashi ot
the history department in a talk
last night*at a dinner of the Ameri
can Association of University Wo
men, Palo Alto Branch.
"To get an accurate idea of th«■
progress of the conference," he
continued, "one should read ac
counts in papers of all the eoun
tries represented, so that one may
see the problems from the differ
ent points of view."
In discussing the problems con
fronting the parley, Professor Ichi
hashi touched upon one of the vital
difficulties encountered. "All na
lions are justifying their armament
as a means of defense," lie said,
"but can you conceive of a first
class football team so considered
on a basis of its being purely de
fensive in character?"
Professor Ichihashi believes thai
the world is headed toward dis
armament, and tinl eventually w<
will be rid of the enormous burden
of carrying arms. "When mutual
confidence is developed to take the
place of mutual suspicion," lie con
cluded, "it. may become possible
for nations to get along without
any armaments."
"In watching the progress of the
London Naval Conference, be pa
tient, and don't believe newspaper
heads," said Professor Ichihashi ot
the history department in a talk
last night*at a dinner of the Ameri
can Association of University Wo
men, Palo Alto Branch.
"To get an accurate idea of th«■
progress of the conference," he
continued, "one should read ac
counts in papers of all the eoun
tries represented, so that one may
see the problems from the differ
ent points of view."
In discussing the problems con
fronting the parley, Professor Ichi
hashi touched upon one of the vital
difficulties encountered. "All na
lions are justifying their armament
as a means of defense," lie said,
"but can you conceive of a first
class football team so considered
on a basis of its being purely de
fensive in character?"
Professor Ichihashi believes thai
the world is headed toward dis
armament, and tinl eventually w<
will be rid of the enormous burden
of carrying arms. "When mutual
confidence is developed to take the
place of mutual suspicion," lie con
cluded, "it. may become possible
for nations to get along without
any armaments."
"In watching the progress of the
London Naval Conference, be pa
tient, and don't believe newspaper
heads," said Professor Ichihashi ot
the history department in a talk
last night*at a dinner of the Ameri
can Association of University Wo
men, Palo Alto Branch.
"To get an accurate idea of th«■
progress of the conference," he
continued, "one should read ac
counts in papers of all the eoun
tries represented, so that one may
see the problems from the differ
ent points of view."
In discussing the problems con
fronting the parley, Professor Ichi
hashi touched upon one of the vital
difficulties encountered. "All na
lions are justifying their armament
as a means of defense," lie said,
"but can you conceive of a first
class football team so considered
on a basis of its being purely de
fensive in character?"
Professor Ichihashi believes thai
the world is headed toward dis
armament, and tinl eventually w<
will be rid of the enormous burden
of carrying arms. "When mutual
confidence is developed to take the
place of mutual suspicion," lie con
cluded, "it. may become possible
for nations to get along without
any armaments."
"In watching the progress of the
London Naval Conference, be pa
tient, and don't believe newspaper
heads," said Professor Ichihashi ot
the history department in a talk
last night*at a dinner of the Ameri
can Association of University Wo
men, Palo Alto Branch.
"To get an accurate idea of th«■
progress of the conference," he
continued, "one should read ac
counts in papers of all the eoun
tries represented, so that one may
see the problems from the differ
ent points of view."
In discussing the problems con
fronting the parley, Professor Ichi
hashi touched upon one of the vital
difficulties encountered. "All na
lions are justifying their armament
as a means of defense," lie said,
"but can you conceive of a first
class football team so considered
on a basis of its being purely de
fensive in character?"
Professor Ichihashi believes thai
the world is headed toward dis
armament, and tinl eventually w<
will be rid of the enormous burden
of carrying arms. "When mutual
confidence is developed to take the
place of mutual suspicion," lie con
cluded, "it. may become possible
for nations to get along without
any armaments."
"In watching the progress of the
London Naval Conference, be pa
tient, and don't believe newspaper
heads," said Professor Ichihashi ot
the history department in a talk
last night*at a dinner of the Ameri
can Association of University Wo
men, Palo Alto Branch.
"To get an accurate idea of th«■
progress of the conference," he
continued, "one should read ac
counts in papers of all the eoun
tries represented, so that one may
see the problems from the differ
ent points of view."
In discussing the problems con
fronting the parley, Professor Ichi
hashi touched upon one of the vital
difficulties encountered. "All na
lions are justifying their armament
as a means of defense," lie said,
"but can you conceive of a first
class football team so considered
on a basis of its being purely de
fensive in character?"
Professor Ichihashi believes thai
the world is headed toward dis
armament, and tinl eventually w<
will be rid of the enormous burden
of carrying arms. "When mutual
confidence is developed to take the
place of mutual suspicion," lie con
cluded, "it. may become possible
for nations to get along without
any armaments."
"In watching the progress of the
London Naval Conference, be pa
tient, and don't believe newspaper
heads," said Professor Ichihashi ot
the history department in a talk
last night*at a dinner of the Ameri
can Association of University Wo
men, Palo Alto Branch.
"To get an accurate idea of th«■
progress of the conference," he
continued, "one should read ac
counts in papers of all the eoun
tries represented, so that one may
see the problems from the differ
ent points of view."
In discussing the problems con
fronting the parley, Professor Ichi
hashi touched upon one of the vital
difficulties encountered. "All na
lions are justifying their armament
as a means of defense," lie said,
"but can you conceive of a first
class football team so considered
on a basis of its being purely de
fensive in character?"
Professor Ichihashi believes thai
the world is headed toward dis
armament, and tinl eventually w<
will be rid of the enormous burden
of carrying arms. "When mutual
confidence is developed to take the
place of mutual suspicion," lie con
cluded, "it. may become possible
for nations to get along without
any armaments."
"In watching the progress of the
London Naval Conference, be pa
tient, and don't believe newspaper
heads," said Professor Ichihashi ot
the history department in a talk
last night*at a dinner of the Ameri
can Association of University Wo
men, Palo Alto Branch.
"To get an accurate idea of th«■
progress of the conference," he
continued, "one should read ac
counts in papers of all the eoun
tries represented, so that one may
see the problems from the differ
ent points of view."
In discussing the problems con
fronting the parley, Professor Ichi
hashi touched upon one of the vital
difficulties encountered. "All na
lions are justifying their armament
as a means of defense," lie said,
"but can you conceive of a first
class football team so considered
on a basis of its being purely de
fensive in character?"
Professor Ichihashi believes thai
the world is headed toward dis
armament, and tinl eventually w<
will be rid of the enormous burden
of carrying arms. "When mutual
confidence is developed to take the
place of mutual suspicion," lie con
cluded, "it. may become possible
for nations to get along without
any armaments."
"In watching the progress of the
London Naval Conference, be pa
tient, and don't believe newspaper
heads," said Professor Ichihashi ot
the history department in a talk
last night*at a dinner of the Ameri
can Association of University Wo
men, Palo Alto Branch.
"To get an accurate idea of th«■
progress of the conference," he
continued, "one should read ac
counts in papers of all the eoun
tries represented, so that one may
see the problems from the differ
ent points of view."
In discussing the problems con
fronting the parley, Professor Ichi
hashi touched upon one of the vital
difficulties encountered. "All na
lions are justifying their armament
as a means of defense," lie said,
"but can you conceive of a first
class football team so considered
on a basis of its being purely de
fensive in character?"
Professor Ichihashi believes thai
the world is headed toward dis
armament, and tinl eventually w<
will be rid of the enormous burden
of carrying arms. "When mutual
confidence is developed to take the
place of mutual suspicion," lie con
cluded, "it. may become possible
for nations to get along without
any armaments."
