# TIME SET FOR BAND PICTURE POSTPONED
## 
### 
According to an- announcement
from the editorial office of the
Quad, taking tlk; picture of the
Stanford Band has been postponed
until a week from today, February
20, when it will be taken at 4:15
o'clock on the Museum steps. The
picture was originally scheduled
for this afternoon.
According to an- announcement
from the editorial office of the
Quad, taking tlk; picture of the
Stanford Band has been postponed
until a week from today, February
20, when it will be taken at 4:15
o'clock on the Museum steps. The
picture was originally scheduled
for this afternoon.
According to an- announcement
from the editorial office of the
Quad, taking tlk; picture of the
Stanford Band has been postponed
until a week from today, February
20, when it will be taken at 4:15
o'clock on the Museum steps. The
picture was originally scheduled
for this afternoon.
According to an- announcement
from the editorial office of the
Quad, taking tlk; picture of the
Stanford Band has been postponed
until a week from today, February
20, when it will be taken at 4:15
o'clock on the Museum steps. The
picture was originally scheduled
for this afternoon.
According to an- announcement
from the editorial office of the
Quad, taking tlk; picture of the
Stanford Band has been postponed
until a week from today, February
20, when it will be taken at 4:15
o'clock on the Museum steps. The
picture was originally scheduled
for this afternoon.
According to an- announcement
from the editorial office of the
Quad, taking tlk; picture of the
Stanford Band has been postponed
until a week from today, February
20, when it will be taken at 4:15
o'clock on the Museum steps. The
picture was originally scheduled
for this afternoon.
According to an- announcement
from the editorial office of the
Quad, taking tlk; picture of the
Stanford Band has been postponed
until a week from today, February
20, when it will be taken at 4:15
o'clock on the Museum steps. The
picture was originally scheduled
for this afternoon.
According to an- announcement
from the editorial office of the
Quad, taking tlk; picture of the
Stanford Band has been postponed
until a week from today, February
20, when it will be taken at 4:15
o'clock on the Museum steps. The
picture was originally scheduled
for this afternoon.
According to an- announcement
from the editorial office of the
Quad, taking tlk; picture of the
Stanford Band has been postponed
until a week from today, February
20, when it will be taken at 4:15
o'clock on the Museum steps. The
picture was originally scheduled
for this afternoon.
According to an- announcement
from the editorial office of the
Quad, taking tlk; picture of the
Stanford Band has been postponed
until a week from today, February
20, when it will be taken at 4:15
o'clock on the Museum steps. The
picture was originally scheduled
for this afternoon.
According to an- announcement
from the editorial office of the
Quad, taking tlk; picture of the
Stanford Band has been postponed
until a week from today, February
20, when it will be taken at 4:15
o'clock on the Museum steps. The
picture was originally scheduled
for this afternoon.
According to an- announcement
from the editorial office of the
Quad, taking tlk; picture of the
Stanford Band has been postponed
until a week from today, February
20, when it will be taken at 4:15
o'clock on the Museum steps. The
picture was originally scheduled
for this afternoon.
According to an- announcement
from the editorial office of the
Quad, taking tlk; picture of the
Stanford Band has been postponed
until a week from today, February
20, when it will be taken at 4:15
o'clock on the Museum steps. The
picture was originally scheduled
for this afternoon.
According to an- announcement
from the editorial office of the
Quad, taking tlk; picture of the
Stanford Band has been postponed
until a week from today, February
20, when it will be taken at 4:15
o'clock on the Museum steps. The
picture was originally scheduled
for this afternoon.
According to an- announcement
from the editorial office of the
Quad, taking tlk; picture of the
Stanford Band has been postponed
until a week from today, February
20, when it will be taken at 4:15
o'clock on the Museum steps. The
picture was originally scheduled
for this afternoon.
According to an- announcement
from the editorial office of the
Quad, taking tlk; picture of the
Stanford Band has been postponed
until a week from today, February
20, when it will be taken at 4:15
o'clock on the Museum steps. The
picture was originally scheduled
for this afternoon.
