# 1910 DEBATERS ORGANIZE.
## 
### 
At a meeting of the Freshman De
bating Society last night, it was voted
to continue the organization this se
mester and make an attempt to set a
precedent which will increase the in
terest taken in debating by the enter
ing classes of subsequent years.
A committee composed of S. J. Tal
bot, M. B. Rounds, and A. L. Tuttle,
was appointed to draw up a constitu
tion and by-laws under which the
Freshman Debating Society will be
formally launched as a permanent or
ganization, each succeeding class as
suming the name and receiving the
recently purchased gavel, inscribed
with various emblems of the Univer
sity and the present Freshman class.
The officers chosen for the present
semester are: President, P. J. Bat
kin; Vice-president, S. Bryan; Secre
tary, A. L. Tuttle; Treasurer, F. B.
Wood. The program committee ap
pointed by the new president is: S.
Bryan, S. J. Talbot, and S. A. Lind
auer.
At a meeting of the Freshman De
bating Society last night, it was voted
to continue the organization this se
mester and make an attempt to set a
precedent which will increase the in
terest taken in debating by the enter
ing classes of subsequent years.
A committee composed of S. J. Tal
bot, M. B. Rounds, and A. L. Tuttle,
was appointed to draw up a constitu
tion and by-laws under which the
Freshman Debating Society will be
formally launched as a permanent or
ganization, each succeeding class as
suming the name and receiving the
recently purchased gavel, inscribed
with various emblems of the Univer
sity and the present Freshman class.
The officers chosen for the present
semester are: President, P. J. Bat
kin; Vice-president, S. Bryan; Secre
tary, A. L. Tuttle; Treasurer, F. B.
Wood. The program committee ap
pointed by the new president is: S.
Bryan, S. J. Talbot, and S. A. Lind
auer.
At a meeting of the Freshman De
bating Society last night, it was voted
to continue the organization this se
mester and make an attempt to set a
precedent which will increase the in
terest taken in debating by the enter
ing classes of subsequent years.
A committee composed of S. J. Tal
bot, M. B. Rounds, and A. L. Tuttle,
was appointed to draw up a constitu
tion and by-laws under which the
Freshman Debating Society will be
formally launched as a permanent or
ganization, each succeeding class as
suming the name and receiving the
recently purchased gavel, inscribed
with various emblems of the Univer
sity and the present Freshman class.
The officers chosen for the present
semester are: President, P. J. Bat
kin; Vice-president, S. Bryan; Secre
tary, A. L. Tuttle; Treasurer, F. B.
Wood. The program committee ap
pointed by the new president is: S.
Bryan, S. J. Talbot, and S. A. Lind
auer.
At a meeting of the Freshman De
bating Society last night, it was voted
to continue the organization this se
mester and make an attempt to set a
precedent which will increase the in
terest taken in debating by the enter
ing classes of subsequent years.
A committee composed of S. J. Tal
bot, M. B. Rounds, and A. L. Tuttle,
was appointed to draw up a constitu
tion and by-laws under which the
Freshman Debating Society will be
formally launched as a permanent or
ganization, each succeeding class as
suming the name and receiving the
recently purchased gavel, inscribed
with various emblems of the Univer
sity and the present Freshman class.
The officers chosen for the present
semester are: President, P. J. Bat
kin; Vice-president, S. Bryan; Secre
tary, A. L. Tuttle; Treasurer, F. B.
Wood. The program committee ap
pointed by the new president is: S.
Bryan, S. J. Talbot, and S. A. Lind
auer.
At a meeting of the Freshman De
bating Society last night, it was voted
to continue the organization this se
mester and make an attempt to set a
precedent which will increase the in
terest taken in debating by the enter
ing classes of subsequent years.
A committee composed of S. J. Tal
bot, M. B. Rounds, and A. L. Tuttle,
was appointed to draw up a constitu
tion and by-laws under which the
Freshman Debating Society will be
formally launched as a permanent or
ganization, each succeeding class as
suming the name and receiving the
recently purchased gavel, inscribed
with various emblems of the Univer
sity and the present Freshman class.
The officers chosen for the present
semester are: President, P. J. Bat
kin; Vice-president, S. Bryan; Secre
tary, A. L. Tuttle; Treasurer, F. B.
Wood. The program committee ap
pointed by the new president is: S.
Bryan, S. J. Talbot, and S. A. Lind
auer.
At a meeting of the Freshman De
bating Society last night, it was voted
to continue the organization this se
mester and make an attempt to set a
precedent which will increase the in
terest taken in debating by the enter
ing classes of subsequent years.
A committee composed of S. J. Tal
bot, M. B. Rounds, and A. L. Tuttle,
was appointed to draw up a constitu
tion and by-laws under which the
Freshman Debating Society will be
formally launched as a permanent or
ganization, each succeeding class as
suming the name and receiving the
recently purchased gavel, inscribed
with various emblems of the Univer
sity and the present Freshman class.
The officers chosen for the present
semester are: President, P. J. Bat
kin; Vice-president, S. Bryan; Secre
tary, A. L. Tuttle; Treasurer, F. B.
Wood. The program committee ap
pointed by the new president is: S.
Bryan, S. J. Talbot, and S. A. Lind
auer.
At a meeting of the Freshman De
bating Society last night, it was voted
to continue the organization this se
mester and make an attempt to set a
precedent which will increase the in
terest taken in debating by the enter
ing classes of subsequent years.
A committee composed of S. J. Tal
bot, M. B. Rounds, and A. L. Tuttle,
was appointed to draw up a constitu
tion and by-laws under which the
Freshman Debating Society will be
formally launched as a permanent or
ganization, each succeeding class as
suming the name and receiving the
recently purchased gavel, inscribed
with various emblems of the Univer
sity and the present Freshman class.
The officers chosen for the present
semester are: President, P. J. Bat
kin; Vice-president, S. Bryan; Secre
tary, A. L. Tuttle; Treasurer, F. B.
Wood. The program committee ap
pointed by the new president is: S.
Bryan, S. J. Talbot, and S. A. Lind
auer.
At a meeting of the Freshman De
bating Society last night, it was voted
to continue the organization this se
mester and make an attempt to set a
precedent which will increase the in
terest taken in debating by the enter
ing classes of subsequent years.
A committee composed of S. J. Tal
bot, M. B. Rounds, and A. L. Tuttle,
was appointed to draw up a constitu
tion and by-laws under which the
Freshman Debating Society will be
formally launched as a permanent or
ganization, each succeeding class as
suming the name and receiving the
recently purchased gavel, inscribed
with various emblems of the Univer
sity and the present Freshman class.
The officers chosen for the present
semester are: President, P. J. Bat
kin; Vice-president, S. Bryan; Secre
tary, A. L. Tuttle; Treasurer, F. B.
Wood. The program committee ap
pointed by the new president is: S.
Bryan, S. J. Talbot, and S. A. Lind
auer.
At a meeting of the Freshman De
bating Society last night, it was voted
to continue the organization this se
mester and make an attempt to set a
precedent which will increase the in
terest taken in debating by the enter
ing classes of subsequent years.
A committee composed of S. J. Tal
bot, M. B. Rounds, and A. L. Tuttle,
was appointed to draw up a constitu
tion and by-laws under which the
Freshman Debating Society will be
formally launched as a permanent or
ganization, each succeeding class as
suming the name and receiving the
recently purchased gavel, inscribed
with various emblems of the Univer
sity and the present Freshman class.
The officers chosen for the present
semester are: President, P. J. Bat
kin; Vice-president, S. Bryan; Secre
tary, A. L. Tuttle; Treasurer, F. B.
Wood. The program committee ap
pointed by the new president is: S.
Bryan, S. J. Talbot, and S. A. Lind
auer.
