# ALIENISM INQUEST
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, April 8 (U.R).—
Suggested inquiries into alien "un-
American activities" and sit-down
strikes stirred the House to angry
debate today with a liberal group
employing filibuster tactics in an
effort to kill both proposals.
WASHINGTON, April 8 (U.R).—
Suggested inquiries into alien "un-
American activities" and sit-down
strikes stirred the House to angry
debate today with a liberal group
employing filibuster tactics in an
effort to kill both proposals.
WASHINGTON, April 8 (U.R).—
Suggested inquiries into alien "un-
American activities" and sit-down
strikes stirred the House to angry
debate today with a liberal group
employing filibuster tactics in an
effort to kill both proposals.
WASHINGTON, April 8 (U.R).—
Suggested inquiries into alien "un-
American activities" and sit-down
strikes stirred the House to angry
debate today with a liberal group
employing filibuster tactics in an
effort to kill both proposals.
WASHINGTON, April 8 (U.R).—
Suggested inquiries into alien "un-
American activities" and sit-down
strikes stirred the House to angry
debate today with a liberal group
employing filibuster tactics in an
effort to kill both proposals.
WASHINGTON, April 8 (U.R).—
Suggested inquiries into alien "un-
American activities" and sit-down
strikes stirred the House to angry
debate today with a liberal group
employing filibuster tactics in an
effort to kill both proposals.
WASHINGTON, April 8 (U.R).—
Suggested inquiries into alien "un-
American activities" and sit-down
strikes stirred the House to angry
debate today with a liberal group
employing filibuster tactics in an
effort to kill both proposals.
WASHINGTON, April 8 (U.R).—
Suggested inquiries into alien "un-
American activities" and sit-down
strikes stirred the House to angry
debate today with a liberal group
employing filibuster tactics in an
effort to kill both proposals.
WASHINGTON, April 8 (U.R).—
Suggested inquiries into alien "un-
American activities" and sit-down
strikes stirred the House to angry
debate today with a liberal group
employing filibuster tactics in an
effort to kill both proposals.
WASHINGTON, April 8 (U.R).—
Suggested inquiries into alien "un-
American activities" and sit-down
strikes stirred the House to angry
debate today with a liberal group
employing filibuster tactics in an
effort to kill both proposals.
WASHINGTON, April 8 (U.R).—
Suggested inquiries into alien "un-
American activities" and sit-down
strikes stirred the House to angry
debate today with a liberal group
employing filibuster tactics in an
effort to kill both proposals.
WASHINGTON, April 8 (U.R).—
Suggested inquiries into alien "un-
American activities" and sit-down
strikes stirred the House to angry
debate today with a liberal group
employing filibuster tactics in an
effort to kill both proposals.
WASHINGTON, April 8 (U.R).—
Suggested inquiries into alien "un-
American activities" and sit-down
strikes stirred the House to angry
debate today with a liberal group
employing filibuster tactics in an
effort to kill both proposals.
WASHINGTON, April 8 (U.R).—
Suggested inquiries into alien "un-
American activities" and sit-down
strikes stirred the House to angry
debate today with a liberal group
employing filibuster tactics in an
effort to kill both proposals.
WASHINGTON, April 8 (U.R).—
Suggested inquiries into alien "un-
American activities" and sit-down
strikes stirred the House to angry
debate today with a liberal group
employing filibuster tactics in an
effort to kill both proposals.
