# STUDY CHANGES DUE
## 
### 
Monday, April 12, is the last day
to change study lists this quarter
without fine.
Monday, April 12, is the last day
to change study lists this quarter
without fine.
Monday, April 12, is the last day
to change study lists this quarter
without fine.
Monday, April 12, is the last day
to change study lists this quarter
without fine.
Monday, April 12, is the last day
to change study lists this quarter
without fine.
Monday, April 12, is the last day
to change study lists this quarter
without fine.
Monday, April 12, is the last day
to change study lists this quarter
without fine.
Monday, April 12, is the last day
to change study lists this quarter
without fine.
Monday, April 12, is the last day
to change study lists this quarter
without fine.
Monday, April 12, is the last day
to change study lists this quarter
without fine.
Monday, April 12, is the last day
to change study lists this quarter
without fine.
Monday, April 12, is the last day
to change study lists this quarter
without fine.
Monday, April 12, is the last day
to change study lists this quarter
without fine.
Monday, April 12, is the last day
to change study lists this quarter
without fine.
Monday, April 12, is the last day
to change study lists this quarter
without fine.
