# SEASON ACTIVITIES AT LAKE LAGUNITA START MOVING EARLY
## 
### 
Human voices have once more com-1
menccd to mingle with the frog choirs of
West Lagunita. Because of the early
filling of the lake and the encouragement;
of a few days of sunshine, campus canoe-!
ists have begun to re-explore the willow
coves and cow pastures about the shores, j
The total craft to date has reached the j
sum of twelveâ€”nine canoes and three '
rowboats.
The lake was filled to its usual mark'
soon after Christmas because the over- ;
flow from the upper University lands was
accumulated unusually early. This is the
earliest time at which Lagunita has been
filled for some years. The first canoe j
was floated on January 5. shortly after !
the beginning of this quarter.
Preparations are going on daily for the
big "Spring Drive;" and boats may be,
seen in back yards ready to receive the
yearly coat of paint.
