# STANFORD MEN ISSUE NEW SPORT MONTHLY
## 
### 
Under the direction of two Stanford
graduates a new monthly sporting maga
zine has appeared on the Pacific Coast,
with the name of "Western Sports." The
editor of the new periodical, which re
leased its first number last Friday, is
Marion Kyle, '18, who was a member of
the Press Club while attending Stan
ford. Paul H. Talbert, '22, the manager,
belonged to the Press Club and managed
the Pictorial.
"Western Sports" will feature inter
collegiate and amateur events, but will
include every branch of sports entered
into on the Pacific Coast. The board of
editors includes names well known in
sport circles and ranging from New York
to San Francisco, among which are Jack
Patrick, captain of the 1921 Stanford
Varsity, and Charley Paddock, the jour
nalist-sprinter of Southern California.
"Impartiality, Interest, Illustrations and
Integrity" will be the watchwords of the
magazine, according to a preliminary an
nouncement issued by the staff.
