# WILSON'S MANAGERS MEET IN CONFERENCE
## 
### 
At a meeting of the managers of the
various Wilson stores held recently in
San Francisco, Reynolds Applegate, gen
eral manager, discussed the question of
obtaining the co-operation of the em
ployes in putting the Wilson Creed into
constant use. He attacked the question
from the point of view of super-service.
Several addresses of value were given
by friends in other lines of business.
"Secrets of Success of the Owl Drug
Company" was the subject of a talk by
W. E. Brown, district manager of the
tirm. Walter Rolley of the Emporium
and Gilber Joyce of the Hazelwood
stores were the other speakers.
At the close of the two-day conference
an elaborate dinner, followed by a the
ater party, was given to the persons at
tending the meetings.
