# Explorer Wright Joins Researchers
## 
### 
Sii* Charles Wright, Canadian
born explorer and scientist, has
joined researchers of Stanford
University's Radioscience Labora
tory in new pole-to-pole radio
studies of the exosphere space
that extends from 200 to many
thousands of miles above the
earth.
Now 73, Sir Charles was a mem
ber of the Scott antarctic expedi
tion of 1910.
With an associate, electronics
engineer Donald J. Evans, he is
once more in Anarctica after leav
ing Stanford early in December.
Both men are from Canada's
Pacific Naval Laboratory in Es
quimau, 8.C., which is cooper
ating with Stanford on the proj
ect .
Sii* Charles Wright, Canadian
born explorer and scientist, has
joined researchers of Stanford
University's Radioscience Labora
tory in new pole-to-pole radio
studies of the exosphere space
that extends from 200 to many
thousands of miles above the
earth.
Now 73, Sir Charles was a mem
ber of the Scott antarctic expedi
tion of 1910.
With an associate, electronics
engineer Donald J. Evans, he is
once more in Anarctica after leav
ing Stanford early in December.
Both men are from Canada's
Pacific Naval Laboratory in Es
quimau, 8.C., which is cooper
ating with Stanford on the proj
ect .
Sii* Charles Wright, Canadian
born explorer and scientist, has
joined researchers of Stanford
University's Radioscience Labora
tory in new pole-to-pole radio
studies of the exosphere space
that extends from 200 to many
thousands of miles above the
earth.
Now 73, Sir Charles was a mem
ber of the Scott antarctic expedi
tion of 1910.
With an associate, electronics
engineer Donald J. Evans, he is
once more in Anarctica after leav
ing Stanford early in December.
Both men are from Canada's
Pacific Naval Laboratory in Es
quimau, 8.C., which is cooper
ating with Stanford on the proj
ect .
Sii* Charles Wright, Canadian
born explorer and scientist, has
joined researchers of Stanford
University's Radioscience Labora
tory in new pole-to-pole radio
studies of the exosphere space
that extends from 200 to many
thousands of miles above the
earth.
Now 73, Sir Charles was a mem
ber of the Scott antarctic expedi
tion of 1910.
With an associate, electronics
engineer Donald J. Evans, he is
once more in Anarctica after leav
ing Stanford early in December.
Both men are from Canada's
Pacific Naval Laboratory in Es
quimau, 8.C., which is cooper
ating with Stanford on the proj
ect .
Sii* Charles Wright, Canadian
born explorer and scientist, has
joined researchers of Stanford
University's Radioscience Labora
tory in new pole-to-pole radio
studies of the exosphere space
that extends from 200 to many
thousands of miles above the
earth.
Now 73, Sir Charles was a mem
ber of the Scott antarctic expedi
tion of 1910.
With an associate, electronics
engineer Donald J. Evans, he is
once more in Anarctica after leav
ing Stanford early in December.
Both men are from Canada's
Pacific Naval Laboratory in Es
quimau, 8.C., which is cooper
ating with Stanford on the proj
ect .
Sii* Charles Wright, Canadian
born explorer and scientist, has
joined researchers of Stanford
University's Radioscience Labora
tory in new pole-to-pole radio
studies of the exosphere space
that extends from 200 to many
thousands of miles above the
earth.
Now 73, Sir Charles was a mem
ber of the Scott antarctic expedi
tion of 1910.
With an associate, electronics
engineer Donald J. Evans, he is
once more in Anarctica after leav
ing Stanford early in December.
Both men are from Canada's
Pacific Naval Laboratory in Es
quimau, 8.C., which is cooper
ating with Stanford on the proj
ect .
Sii* Charles Wright, Canadian
born explorer and scientist, has
joined researchers of Stanford
University's Radioscience Labora
tory in new pole-to-pole radio
studies of the exosphere space
that extends from 200 to many
thousands of miles above the
earth.
Now 73, Sir Charles was a mem
ber of the Scott antarctic expedi
tion of 1910.
With an associate, electronics
engineer Donald J. Evans, he is
once more in Anarctica after leav
ing Stanford early in December.
Both men are from Canada's
Pacific Naval Laboratory in Es
quimau, 8.C., which is cooper
ating with Stanford on the proj
ect .
Sii* Charles Wright, Canadian
born explorer and scientist, has
joined researchers of Stanford
University's Radioscience Labora
tory in new pole-to-pole radio
studies of the exosphere space
that extends from 200 to many
thousands of miles above the
earth.
Now 73, Sir Charles was a mem
ber of the Scott antarctic expedi
tion of 1910.
With an associate, electronics
engineer Donald J. Evans, he is
once more in Anarctica after leav
ing Stanford early in December.
Both men are from Canada's
Pacific Naval Laboratory in Es
quimau, 8.C., which is cooper
ating with Stanford on the proj
ect .
Sii* Charles Wright, Canadian
born explorer and scientist, has
joined researchers of Stanford
University's Radioscience Labora
tory in new pole-to-pole radio
studies of the exosphere space
that extends from 200 to many
thousands of miles above the
earth.
Now 73, Sir Charles was a mem
ber of the Scott antarctic expedi
tion of 1910.
With an associate, electronics
engineer Donald J. Evans, he is
once more in Anarctica after leav
ing Stanford early in December.
Both men are from Canada's
Pacific Naval Laboratory in Es
quimau, 8.C., which is cooper
ating with Stanford on the proj
ect .
Sii* Charles Wright, Canadian
born explorer and scientist, has
joined researchers of Stanford
University's Radioscience Labora
tory in new pole-to-pole radio
studies of the exosphere space
that extends from 200 to many
thousands of miles above the
earth.
Now 73, Sir Charles was a mem
ber of the Scott antarctic expedi
tion of 1910.
With an associate, electronics
engineer Donald J. Evans, he is
once more in Anarctica after leav
ing Stanford early in December.
Both men are from Canada's
Pacific Naval Laboratory in Es
quimau, 8.C., which is cooper
ating with Stanford on the proj
ect .
Sii* Charles Wright, Canadian
born explorer and scientist, has
joined researchers of Stanford
University's Radioscience Labora
tory in new pole-to-pole radio
studies of the exosphere space
that extends from 200 to many
thousands of miles above the
earth.
Now 73, Sir Charles was a mem
ber of the Scott antarctic expedi
tion of 1910.
With an associate, electronics
engineer Donald J. Evans, he is
once more in Anarctica after leav
ing Stanford early in December.
Both men are from Canada's
Pacific Naval Laboratory in Es
quimau, 8.C., which is cooper
ating with Stanford on the proj
ect .
Sii* Charles Wright, Canadian
born explorer and scientist, has
joined researchers of Stanford
University's Radioscience Labora
tory in new pole-to-pole radio
studies of the exosphere space
that extends from 200 to many
thousands of miles above the
earth.
Now 73, Sir Charles was a mem
ber of the Scott antarctic expedi
tion of 1910.
With an associate, electronics
engineer Donald J. Evans, he is
once more in Anarctica after leav
ing Stanford early in December.
Both men are from Canada's
Pacific Naval Laboratory in Es
quimau, 8.C., which is cooper
ating with Stanford on the proj
ect .
Sii* Charles Wright, Canadian
born explorer and scientist, has
joined researchers of Stanford
University's Radioscience Labora
tory in new pole-to-pole radio
studies of the exosphere space
that extends from 200 to many
thousands of miles above the
earth.
Now 73, Sir Charles was a mem
ber of the Scott antarctic expedi
tion of 1910.
With an associate, electronics
engineer Donald J. Evans, he is
once more in Anarctica after leav
ing Stanford early in December.
Both men are from Canada's
Pacific Naval Laboratory in Es
quimau, 8.C., which is cooper
ating with Stanford on the proj
ect .
Sii* Charles Wright, Canadian
born explorer and scientist, has
joined researchers of Stanford
University's Radioscience Labora
tory in new pole-to-pole radio
studies of the exosphere space
that extends from 200 to many
thousands of miles above the
earth.
Now 73, Sir Charles was a mem
ber of the Scott antarctic expedi
tion of 1910.
With an associate, electronics
engineer Donald J. Evans, he is
once more in Anarctica after leav
ing Stanford early in December.
Both men are from Canada's
Pacific Naval Laboratory in Es
quimau, 8.C., which is cooper
ating with Stanford on the proj
ect .
Sii* Charles Wright, Canadian
born explorer and scientist, has
joined researchers of Stanford
University's Radioscience Labora
tory in new pole-to-pole radio
studies of the exosphere space
that extends from 200 to many
thousands of miles above the
earth.
Now 73, Sir Charles was a mem
ber of the Scott antarctic expedi
tion of 1910.
With an associate, electronics
engineer Donald J. Evans, he is
once more in Anarctica after leav
ing Stanford early in December.
Both men are from Canada's
Pacific Naval Laboratory in Es
quimau, 8.C., which is cooper
ating with Stanford on the proj
ect .
Sii* Charles Wright, Canadian
born explorer and scientist, has
joined researchers of Stanford
University's Radioscience Labora
tory in new pole-to-pole radio
studies of the exosphere space
that extends from 200 to many
thousands of miles above the
earth.
Now 73, Sir Charles was a mem
ber of the Scott antarctic expedi
tion of 1910.
With an associate, electronics
engineer Donald J. Evans, he is
once more in Anarctica after leav
ing Stanford early in December.
Both men are from Canada's
Pacific Naval Laboratory in Es
quimau, 8.C., which is cooper
ating with Stanford on the proj
ect .
