# Mural Schedule
## 
### 
BASKETBALL
Eiu'ina Gym
9:00 Mavericks vs. Barflys
10:00 Theta Chi II vs. Cam
pos II
11:00 Kappa Si»- II vs. Break
ers II
Pavilion
0:00 Delt II vs. Capitan II
10:00 Kinconada II vs. Ar
royo II
11:00 Chi INi II vs. Alpha
Biz II
BASKETBALL
Eiu'ina Gym
9:00 Mavericks vs. Barflys
10:00 Theta Chi II vs. Cam
pos II
11:00 Kappa Si»- II vs. Break
ers II
Pavilion
0:00 Delt II vs. Capitan II
10:00 Kinconada II vs. Ar
royo II
11:00 Chi INi II vs. Alpha
Biz II
BASKETBALL
Eiu'ina Gym
9:00 Mavericks vs. Barflys
10:00 Theta Chi II vs. Cam
pos II
11:00 Kappa Si»- II vs. Break
ers II
Pavilion
0:00 Delt II vs. Capitan II
10:00 Kinconada II vs. Ar
royo II
11:00 Chi INi II vs. Alpha
Biz II
BASKETBALL
Eiu'ina Gym
9:00 Mavericks vs. Barflys
10:00 Theta Chi II vs. Cam
pos II
11:00 Kappa Si»- II vs. Break
ers II
Pavilion
0:00 Delt II vs. Capitan II
10:00 Kinconada II vs. Ar
royo II
11:00 Chi INi II vs. Alpha
Biz II
BASKETBALL
Eiu'ina Gym
9:00 Mavericks vs. Barflys
10:00 Theta Chi II vs. Cam
pos II
11:00 Kappa Si»- II vs. Break
ers II
Pavilion
0:00 Delt II vs. Capitan II
10:00 Kinconada II vs. Ar
royo II
11:00 Chi INi II vs. Alpha
Biz II
BASKETBALL
Eiu'ina Gym
9:00 Mavericks vs. Barflys
10:00 Theta Chi II vs. Cam
pos II
11:00 Kappa Si»- II vs. Break
ers II
Pavilion
0:00 Delt II vs. Capitan II
10:00 Kinconada II vs. Ar
royo II
11:00 Chi INi II vs. Alpha
Biz II
BASKETBALL
Eiu'ina Gym
9:00 Mavericks vs. Barflys
10:00 Theta Chi II vs. Cam
pos II
11:00 Kappa Si»- II vs. Break
ers II
Pavilion
0:00 Delt II vs. Capitan II
10:00 Kinconada II vs. Ar
royo II
11:00 Chi INi II vs. Alpha
Biz II
BASKETBALL
Eiu'ina Gym
9:00 Mavericks vs. Barflys
10:00 Theta Chi II vs. Cam
pos II
11:00 Kappa Si»- II vs. Break
ers II
Pavilion
0:00 Delt II vs. Capitan II
10:00 Kinconada II vs. Ar
royo II
11:00 Chi INi II vs. Alpha
Biz II
BASKETBALL
Eiu'ina Gym
9:00 Mavericks vs. Barflys
10:00 Theta Chi II vs. Cam
pos II
11:00 Kappa Si»- II vs. Break
ers II
Pavilion
0:00 Delt II vs. Capitan II
10:00 Kinconada II vs. Ar
royo II
11:00 Chi INi II vs. Alpha
Biz II
BASKETBALL
Eiu'ina Gym
9:00 Mavericks vs. Barflys
10:00 Theta Chi II vs. Cam
pos II
11:00 Kappa Si»- II vs. Break
ers II
Pavilion
0:00 Delt II vs. Capitan II
10:00 Kinconada II vs. Ar
royo II
11:00 Chi INi II vs. Alpha
Biz II
BASKETBALL
Eiu'ina Gym
9:00 Mavericks vs. Barflys
10:00 Theta Chi II vs. Cam
pos II
11:00 Kappa Si»- II vs. Break
ers II
Pavilion
0:00 Delt II vs. Capitan II
10:00 Kinconada II vs. Ar
royo II
11:00 Chi INi II vs. Alpha
Biz II
BASKETBALL
Eiu'ina Gym
9:00 Mavericks vs. Barflys
10:00 Theta Chi II vs. Cam
pos II
11:00 Kappa Si»- II vs. Break
ers II
Pavilion
0:00 Delt II vs. Capitan II
10:00 Kinconada II vs. Ar
royo II
11:00 Chi INi II vs. Alpha
Biz II
BASKETBALL
Eiu'ina Gym
9:00 Mavericks vs. Barflys
10:00 Theta Chi II vs. Cam
pos II
11:00 Kappa Si»- II vs. Break
ers II
Pavilion
0:00 Delt II vs. Capitan II
10:00 Kinconada II vs. Ar
royo II
11:00 Chi INi II vs. Alpha
Biz II
BASKETBALL
Eiu'ina Gym
9:00 Mavericks vs. Barflys
10:00 Theta Chi II vs. Cam
pos II
11:00 Kappa Si»- II vs. Break
ers II
Pavilion
0:00 Delt II vs. Capitan II
10:00 Kinconada II vs. Ar
royo II
11:00 Chi INi II vs. Alpha
Biz II
BASKETBALL
Eiu'ina Gym
9:00 Mavericks vs. Barflys
10:00 Theta Chi II vs. Cam
pos II
11:00 Kappa Si»- II vs. Break
ers II
Pavilion
0:00 Delt II vs. Capitan II
10:00 Kinconada II vs. Ar
royo II
11:00 Chi INi II vs. Alpha
Biz II
BASKETBALL
Eiu'ina Gym
9:00 Mavericks vs. Barflys
10:00 Theta Chi II vs. Cam
pos II
11:00 Kappa Si»- II vs. Break
ers II
Pavilion
0:00 Delt II vs. Capitan II
10:00 Kinconada II vs. Ar
royo II
11:00 Chi INi II vs. Alpha
Biz II
