# Benefit-Tribute Set for Patchen
## 
### 
The poetry of Palo Alto's Ken
neth Patchen, well known and al
most totally disabled American
poet, will be read by Kenneth
Rexroth, Michael McClure, James
Broughton, Philip Whalen and
Robert Duncan at a benefit-trib
ute for the poet Sunday afternoon
at 4:30 at the Loft Theatre, Emer
son and Hamilton, Palo Alto. A
similar program is planned for
that evening.
A second benefit on Sunday will
feature Sally Smaller, Stan Wil
son. and Erica Speyer at Pagli
acei's.
Patchen. who has spent the last
23 years undergoing surgery as
the result of a spinal condition
and throat ailment, is in dire need
of funds, say friends, to see him
through an operation scheduled
for Monday.
The only American poet to have
received the honor of being in
vited to appear at the Brussels
World's Fair, Patchen was unable
to accept because of his throat
ailment and subsequent surgery.
Patchen has written more than
25 volumes of poetry, prose, and
jazz poetry.
Patchen's idea of reading poetry
to modern jazz was a success in
San Francisco when he opened in
1957 at the Blackhawk. lie laler
made a tour of American colleges
and universities. A display of
Patchen's work is currently being
featured in the lobby of Hie main
library on campus.
