# Olympic Day at the Midwinter Fair.
## 
### 
On May 5, 1894. the Olympic
Club will celebrate its thirty-fourth an
niversary at the Midwinter Fair ath
letic grounds. The following events
will take place: ICO yards, handicap,
run; 220 yards, I amlicap, run; 440
yards, handicap, run; 38U yards, handi
cap, run; one mile hurdle race; 120
yards hurdle race, handicap; running
broad jump, handicap; polo vault for
height, handicap; running high jump,
handicap; putting 16 pound shot, hand
icap; throwing 16 pound hammer,
handicap; one-half mile bicycle race,
handicap ('dub ; one mile bicycle race,
handicap (club), one mile bicycle race,
open, scratch; two. mile bicycle race,
open, handicap
Eu'ries close at. the Olympic Club
office wn ,- pril 28, IK9I. Entrance
free. John Elliott, Captain.
On May 5, 1894. the Olympic
Club will celebrate its thirty-fourth an
niversary at the Midwinter Fair ath
letic grounds. The following events
will take place: ICO yards, handicap,
run; 220 yards, I amlicap, run; 440
yards, handicap, run; 38U yards, handi
cap, run; one mile hurdle race; 120
yards hurdle race, handicap; running
broad jump, handicap; polo vault for
height, handicap; running high jump,
handicap; putting 16 pound shot, hand
icap; throwing 16 pound hammer,
handicap; one-half mile bicycle race,
handicap ('dub ; one mile bicycle race,
handicap (club), one mile bicycle race,
open, scratch; two. mile bicycle race,
open, handicap
Eu'ries close at. the Olympic Club
office wn ,- pril 28, IK9I. Entrance
free. John Elliott, Captain.
On May 5, 1894. the Olympic
Club will celebrate its thirty-fourth an
niversary at the Midwinter Fair ath
letic grounds. The following events
will take place: ICO yards, handicap,
run; 220 yards, I amlicap, run; 440
yards, handicap, run; 38U yards, handi
cap, run; one mile hurdle race; 120
yards hurdle race, handicap; running
broad jump, handicap; polo vault for
height, handicap; running high jump,
handicap; putting 16 pound shot, hand
icap; throwing 16 pound hammer,
handicap; one-half mile bicycle race,
handicap ('dub ; one mile bicycle race,
handicap (club), one mile bicycle race,
open, scratch; two. mile bicycle race,
open, handicap
Eu'ries close at. the Olympic Club
office wn ,- pril 28, IK9I. Entrance
free. John Elliott, Captain.
