# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Candidates for the ASSU Senate and the
Council of Presidents and spokespersons for
fee-assessment groups wishing to receive
Daily editorial endorsements should sign up
for interview appointments on the outside
door of The Daily. Endorsement interviews
will be held tomorrow for fee-assessment
groups and Saturday for senate and COP can
didates. Only candidates and groups who
schedule interviews will be considered for en
dorsements.
Candidates for the ASSU Senate and the
Council of Presidents and spokespersons for
fee-assessment groups wishing to receive
Daily editorial endorsements should sign up
for interview appointments on the outside
door of The Daily. Endorsement interviews
will be held tomorrow for fee-assessment
groups and Saturday for senate and COP can
didates. Only candidates and groups who
schedule interviews will be considered for en
dorsements.
Candidates for the ASSU Senate and the
Council of Presidents and spokespersons for
fee-assessment groups wishing to receive
Daily editorial endorsements should sign up
for interview appointments on the outside
door of The Daily. Endorsement interviews
will be held tomorrow for fee-assessment
groups and Saturday for senate and COP can
didates. Only candidates and groups who
schedule interviews will be considered for en
dorsements.
Candidates for the ASSU Senate and the
Council of Presidents and spokespersons for
fee-assessment groups wishing to receive
Daily editorial endorsements should sign up
for interview appointments on the outside
door of The Daily. Endorsement interviews
will be held tomorrow for fee-assessment
groups and Saturday for senate and COP can
didates. Only candidates and groups who
schedule interviews will be considered for en
dorsements.
Candidates for the ASSU Senate and the
Council of Presidents and spokespersons for
fee-assessment groups wishing to receive
Daily editorial endorsements should sign up
for interview appointments on the outside
door of The Daily. Endorsement interviews
will be held tomorrow for fee-assessment
groups and Saturday for senate and COP can
didates. Only candidates and groups who
schedule interviews will be considered for en
dorsements.
Candidates for the ASSU Senate and the
Council of Presidents and spokespersons for
fee-assessment groups wishing to receive
Daily editorial endorsements should sign up
for interview appointments on the outside
door of The Daily. Endorsement interviews
will be held tomorrow for fee-assessment
groups and Saturday for senate and COP can
didates. Only candidates and groups who
schedule interviews will be considered for en
dorsements.
Candidates for the ASSU Senate and the
Council of Presidents and spokespersons for
fee-assessment groups wishing to receive
Daily editorial endorsements should sign up
for interview appointments on the outside
door of The Daily. Endorsement interviews
will be held tomorrow for fee-assessment
groups and Saturday for senate and COP can
didates. Only candidates and groups who
schedule interviews will be considered for en
dorsements.
