# Untitled Article
## 
### 
'THUMB-SUCKERS 7
Have liberal' and 'progres
sive' really become dirty
words? Rescue them.
OPINION/4

DEEP IN THOUGHT
Is cognitive ability really the
key to the emergence of the
human species?
INNOVATION/9


'THUMB-SUCKERS 7
Have liberal' and 'progres
sive' really become dirty
words? Rescue them.
OPINION/4

DEEP IN THOUGHT
Is cognitive ability really the
key to the emergence of the
human species?
INNOVATION/9


'THUMB-SUCKERS 7
Have liberal' and 'progres
sive' really become dirty
words? Rescue them.
OPINION/4

DEEP IN THOUGHT
Is cognitive ability really the
key to the emergence of the
human species?
INNOVATION/9


'THUMB-SUCKERS 7
Have liberal' and 'progres
sive' really become dirty
words? Rescue them.
OPINION/4

DEEP IN THOUGHT
Is cognitive ability really the
key to the emergence of the
human species?
INNOVATION/9


'THUMB-SUCKERS 7
Have liberal' and 'progres
sive' really become dirty
words? Rescue them.
OPINION/4

DEEP IN THOUGHT
Is cognitive ability really the
key to the emergence of the
human species?
INNOVATION/9


'THUMB-SUCKERS 7
Have liberal' and 'progres
sive' really become dirty
words? Rescue them.
OPINION/4

DEEP IN THOUGHT
Is cognitive ability really the
key to the emergence of the
human species?
INNOVATION/9


'THUMB-SUCKERS 7
Have liberal' and 'progres
sive' really become dirty
words? Rescue them.
OPINION/4

DEEP IN THOUGHT
Is cognitive ability really the
key to the emergence of the
human species?
INNOVATION/9


'THUMB-SUCKERS 7
Have liberal' and 'progres
sive' really become dirty
words? Rescue them.
OPINION/4

DEEP IN THOUGHT
Is cognitive ability really the
key to the emergence of the
human species?
INNOVATION/9


