# SPAIN ASKS TO BAN SOVIET LUMBER SHIPS
## 
### 
MADRID, Jan. 25 (#*). — Spanish
lumber importers protested to the
government today against efforts of
Soviet Russia to "dump" cheaply
produced lumber on the Spanish
market.
The Catalonian Agricultural In
stitute. in calling the attention of
the government to shipments of
Russian lumber now said to be
available at Tarragona and other
Mediterranean ports, asked that the
vessels be prohibited from unload
ing.
MADRID, Jan. 25 (#*). — Spanish
lumber importers protested to the
government today against efforts of
Soviet Russia to "dump" cheaply
produced lumber on the Spanish
market.
The Catalonian Agricultural In
stitute. in calling the attention of
the government to shipments of
Russian lumber now said to be
available at Tarragona and other
Mediterranean ports, asked that the
vessels be prohibited from unload
ing.
MADRID, Jan. 25 (#*). — Spanish
lumber importers protested to the
government today against efforts of
Soviet Russia to "dump" cheaply
produced lumber on the Spanish
market.
The Catalonian Agricultural In
stitute. in calling the attention of
the government to shipments of
Russian lumber now said to be
available at Tarragona and other
Mediterranean ports, asked that the
vessels be prohibited from unload
ing.
MADRID, Jan. 25 (#*). — Spanish
lumber importers protested to the
government today against efforts of
Soviet Russia to "dump" cheaply
produced lumber on the Spanish
market.
The Catalonian Agricultural In
stitute. in calling the attention of
the government to shipments of
Russian lumber now said to be
available at Tarragona and other
Mediterranean ports, asked that the
vessels be prohibited from unload
ing.
MADRID, Jan. 25 (#*). — Spanish
lumber importers protested to the
government today against efforts of
Soviet Russia to "dump" cheaply
produced lumber on the Spanish
market.
The Catalonian Agricultural In
stitute. in calling the attention of
the government to shipments of
Russian lumber now said to be
available at Tarragona and other
Mediterranean ports, asked that the
vessels be prohibited from unload
ing.
MADRID, Jan. 25 (#*). — Spanish
lumber importers protested to the
government today against efforts of
Soviet Russia to "dump" cheaply
produced lumber on the Spanish
market.
The Catalonian Agricultural In
stitute. in calling the attention of
the government to shipments of
Russian lumber now said to be
available at Tarragona and other
Mediterranean ports, asked that the
vessels be prohibited from unload
ing.
MADRID, Jan. 25 (#*). — Spanish
lumber importers protested to the
government today against efforts of
Soviet Russia to "dump" cheaply
produced lumber on the Spanish
market.
The Catalonian Agricultural In
stitute. in calling the attention of
the government to shipments of
Russian lumber now said to be
available at Tarragona and other
Mediterranean ports, asked that the
vessels be prohibited from unload
ing.
MADRID, Jan. 25 (#*). — Spanish
lumber importers protested to the
government today against efforts of
Soviet Russia to "dump" cheaply
produced lumber on the Spanish
market.
The Catalonian Agricultural In
stitute. in calling the attention of
the government to shipments of
Russian lumber now said to be
available at Tarragona and other
Mediterranean ports, asked that the
vessels be prohibited from unload
ing.
MADRID, Jan. 25 (#*). — Spanish
lumber importers protested to the
government today against efforts of
Soviet Russia to "dump" cheaply
produced lumber on the Spanish
market.
The Catalonian Agricultural In
stitute. in calling the attention of
the government to shipments of
Russian lumber now said to be
available at Tarragona and other
Mediterranean ports, asked that the
vessels be prohibited from unload
ing.
MADRID, Jan. 25 (#*). — Spanish
lumber importers protested to the
government today against efforts of
Soviet Russia to "dump" cheaply
produced lumber on the Spanish
market.
The Catalonian Agricultural In
stitute. in calling the attention of
the government to shipments of
Russian lumber now said to be
available at Tarragona and other
Mediterranean ports, asked that the
vessels be prohibited from unload
ing.
MADRID, Jan. 25 (#*). — Spanish
lumber importers protested to the
government today against efforts of
Soviet Russia to "dump" cheaply
produced lumber on the Spanish
market.
The Catalonian Agricultural In
stitute. in calling the attention of
the government to shipments of
Russian lumber now said to be
available at Tarragona and other
Mediterranean ports, asked that the
vessels be prohibited from unload
ing.
MADRID, Jan. 25 (#*). — Spanish
lumber importers protested to the
government today against efforts of
Soviet Russia to "dump" cheaply
produced lumber on the Spanish
market.
The Catalonian Agricultural In
stitute. in calling the attention of
the government to shipments of
Russian lumber now said to be
available at Tarragona and other
Mediterranean ports, asked that the
vessels be prohibited from unload
ing.
MADRID, Jan. 25 (#*). — Spanish
lumber importers protested to the
government today against efforts of
Soviet Russia to "dump" cheaply
produced lumber on the Spanish
market.
The Catalonian Agricultural In
stitute. in calling the attention of
the government to shipments of
Russian lumber now said to be
available at Tarragona and other
Mediterranean ports, asked that the
vessels be prohibited from unload
ing.
MADRID, Jan. 25 (#*). — Spanish
lumber importers protested to the
government today against efforts of
Soviet Russia to "dump" cheaply
produced lumber on the Spanish
market.
The Catalonian Agricultural In
stitute. in calling the attention of
the government to shipments of
Russian lumber now said to be
available at Tarragona and other
Mediterranean ports, asked that the
vessels be prohibited from unload
ing.
MADRID, Jan. 25 (#*). — Spanish
lumber importers protested to the
government today against efforts of
Soviet Russia to "dump" cheaply
produced lumber on the Spanish
market.
The Catalonian Agricultural In
stitute. in calling the attention of
the government to shipments of
Russian lumber now said to be
available at Tarragona and other
Mediterranean ports, asked that the
vessels be prohibited from unload
ing.
