# COUNCIL TAKES FINES
## 
### 
Four speeders and five parking
violators, hailed before Men's Coun
cil at its regular weekly meeting
Friday afternoon, were given fines
totalling $42.50.
Four speeders and five parking
violators, hailed before Men's Coun
cil at its regular weekly meeting
Friday afternoon, were given fines
totalling $42.50.
Four speeders and five parking
violators, hailed before Men's Coun
cil at its regular weekly meeting
Friday afternoon, were given fines
totalling $42.50.
Four speeders and five parking
violators, hailed before Men's Coun
cil at its regular weekly meeting
Friday afternoon, were given fines
totalling $42.50.
Four speeders and five parking
violators, hailed before Men's Coun
cil at its regular weekly meeting
Friday afternoon, were given fines
totalling $42.50.
Four speeders and five parking
violators, hailed before Men's Coun
cil at its regular weekly meeting
Friday afternoon, were given fines
totalling $42.50.
Four speeders and five parking
violators, hailed before Men's Coun
cil at its regular weekly meeting
Friday afternoon, were given fines
totalling $42.50.
Four speeders and five parking
violators, hailed before Men's Coun
cil at its regular weekly meeting
Friday afternoon, were given fines
totalling $42.50.
Four speeders and five parking
violators, hailed before Men's Coun
cil at its regular weekly meeting
Friday afternoon, were given fines
totalling $42.50.
Four speeders and five parking
violators, hailed before Men's Coun
cil at its regular weekly meeting
Friday afternoon, were given fines
totalling $42.50.
Four speeders and five parking
violators, hailed before Men's Coun
cil at its regular weekly meeting
Friday afternoon, were given fines
totalling $42.50.
Four speeders and five parking
violators, hailed before Men's Coun
cil at its regular weekly meeting
Friday afternoon, were given fines
totalling $42.50.
Four speeders and five parking
violators, hailed before Men's Coun
cil at its regular weekly meeting
Friday afternoon, were given fines
totalling $42.50.
Four speeders and five parking
violators, hailed before Men's Coun
cil at its regular weekly meeting
Friday afternoon, were given fines
totalling $42.50.
Four speeders and five parking
violators, hailed before Men's Coun
cil at its regular weekly meeting
Friday afternoon, were given fines
totalling $42.50.
