# SWAIN TO MEET WITH ALUMNI WHILE EAST
## 
### 
Dr. Robert E. Swain left Friday
on an eastern trip of two weeks. En
route to Washington where he will
spend a day with Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur in discussion of University
matters, Dr. Swain was entertained
al a Stanford alumni banquet in
Salt Lake City Saturday night. He
will also meet with alumni groups
in Pittsburgh, New York, and Chi-
Dr. Robert E. Swain left Friday
on an eastern trip of two weeks. En
route to Washington where he will
spend a day with Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur in discussion of University
matters, Dr. Swain was entertained
al a Stanford alumni banquet in
Salt Lake City Saturday night. He
will also meet with alumni groups
in Pittsburgh, New York, and Chi-
Dr. Robert E. Swain left Friday
on an eastern trip of two weeks. En
route to Washington where he will
spend a day with Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur in discussion of University
matters, Dr. Swain was entertained
al a Stanford alumni banquet in
Salt Lake City Saturday night. He
will also meet with alumni groups
in Pittsburgh, New York, and Chi-
Dr. Robert E. Swain left Friday
on an eastern trip of two weeks. En
route to Washington where he will
spend a day with Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur in discussion of University
matters, Dr. Swain was entertained
al a Stanford alumni banquet in
Salt Lake City Saturday night. He
will also meet with alumni groups
in Pittsburgh, New York, and Chi-
Dr. Robert E. Swain left Friday
on an eastern trip of two weeks. En
route to Washington where he will
spend a day with Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur in discussion of University
matters, Dr. Swain was entertained
al a Stanford alumni banquet in
Salt Lake City Saturday night. He
will also meet with alumni groups
in Pittsburgh, New York, and Chi-
Dr. Robert E. Swain left Friday
on an eastern trip of two weeks. En
route to Washington where he will
spend a day with Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur in discussion of University
matters, Dr. Swain was entertained
al a Stanford alumni banquet in
Salt Lake City Saturday night. He
will also meet with alumni groups
in Pittsburgh, New York, and Chi-
Dr. Robert E. Swain left Friday
on an eastern trip of two weeks. En
route to Washington where he will
spend a day with Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur in discussion of University
matters, Dr. Swain was entertained
al a Stanford alumni banquet in
Salt Lake City Saturday night. He
will also meet with alumni groups
in Pittsburgh, New York, and Chi-
Dr. Robert E. Swain left Friday
on an eastern trip of two weeks. En
route to Washington where he will
spend a day with Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur in discussion of University
matters, Dr. Swain was entertained
al a Stanford alumni banquet in
Salt Lake City Saturday night. He
will also meet with alumni groups
in Pittsburgh, New York, and Chi-
Dr. Robert E. Swain left Friday
on an eastern trip of two weeks. En
route to Washington where he will
spend a day with Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur in discussion of University
matters, Dr. Swain was entertained
al a Stanford alumni banquet in
Salt Lake City Saturday night. He
will also meet with alumni groups
in Pittsburgh, New York, and Chi-
Dr. Robert E. Swain left Friday
on an eastern trip of two weeks. En
route to Washington where he will
spend a day with Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur in discussion of University
matters, Dr. Swain was entertained
al a Stanford alumni banquet in
Salt Lake City Saturday night. He
will also meet with alumni groups
in Pittsburgh, New York, and Chi-
Dr. Robert E. Swain left Friday
on an eastern trip of two weeks. En
route to Washington where he will
spend a day with Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur in discussion of University
matters, Dr. Swain was entertained
al a Stanford alumni banquet in
Salt Lake City Saturday night. He
will also meet with alumni groups
in Pittsburgh, New York, and Chi-
Dr. Robert E. Swain left Friday
on an eastern trip of two weeks. En
route to Washington where he will
spend a day with Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur in discussion of University
matters, Dr. Swain was entertained
al a Stanford alumni banquet in
Salt Lake City Saturday night. He
will also meet with alumni groups
in Pittsburgh, New York, and Chi-
Dr. Robert E. Swain left Friday
on an eastern trip of two weeks. En
route to Washington where he will
spend a day with Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur in discussion of University
matters, Dr. Swain was entertained
al a Stanford alumni banquet in
Salt Lake City Saturday night. He
will also meet with alumni groups
in Pittsburgh, New York, and Chi-
Dr. Robert E. Swain left Friday
on an eastern trip of two weeks. En
route to Washington where he will
spend a day with Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur in discussion of University
matters, Dr. Swain was entertained
al a Stanford alumni banquet in
Salt Lake City Saturday night. He
will also meet with alumni groups
in Pittsburgh, New York, and Chi-
Dr. Robert E. Swain left Friday
on an eastern trip of two weeks. En
route to Washington where he will
spend a day with Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur in discussion of University
matters, Dr. Swain was entertained
al a Stanford alumni banquet in
Salt Lake City Saturday night. He
will also meet with alumni groups
in Pittsburgh, New York, and Chi-
