# Untitled Article
## 
### 
If James R. Angell, president of
Yale University, has his way stu
dents will get to. see their own col
lego games free.
If James R. Angell, president of
Yale University, has his way stu
dents will get to. see their own col
lego games free.
If James R. Angell, president of
Yale University, has his way stu
dents will get to. see their own col
lego games free.
If James R. Angell, president of
Yale University, has his way stu
dents will get to. see their own col
lego games free.
If James R. Angell, president of
Yale University, has his way stu
dents will get to. see their own col
lego games free.
If James R. Angell, president of
Yale University, has his way stu
dents will get to. see their own col
lego games free.
If James R. Angell, president of
Yale University, has his way stu
dents will get to. see their own col
lego games free.
If James R. Angell, president of
Yale University, has his way stu
dents will get to. see their own col
lego games free.
If James R. Angell, president of
Yale University, has his way stu
dents will get to. see their own col
lego games free.
If James R. Angell, president of
Yale University, has his way stu
dents will get to. see their own col
lego games free.
If James R. Angell, president of
Yale University, has his way stu
dents will get to. see their own col
lego games free.
If James R. Angell, president of
Yale University, has his way stu
dents will get to. see their own col
lego games free.
If James R. Angell, president of
Yale University, has his way stu
dents will get to. see their own col
lego games free.
If James R. Angell, president of
Yale University, has his way stu
dents will get to. see their own col
lego games free.
If James R. Angell, president of
Yale University, has his way stu
dents will get to. see their own col
lego games free.
