# ALPHA O'S PLEDGE
## 
### 
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging on Saturday night of Elea
nor Furst.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging on Saturday night of Elea
nor Furst.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging on Saturday night of Elea
nor Furst.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging on Saturday night of Elea
nor Furst.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging on Saturday night of Elea
nor Furst.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging on Saturday night of Elea
nor Furst.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging on Saturday night of Elea
nor Furst.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging on Saturday night of Elea
nor Furst.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging on Saturday night of Elea
nor Furst.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging on Saturday night of Elea
nor Furst.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging on Saturday night of Elea
nor Furst.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging on Saturday night of Elea
nor Furst.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging on Saturday night of Elea
nor Furst.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging on Saturday night of Elea
nor Furst.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging on Saturday night of Elea
nor Furst.
