# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
. • Lowest cost
112 V • good student
discount
" proper coverage
v\* • complete, prompt
\\P " rVICC
\* THOITS INSURANCE
140 University Ave.
Palo Alto
. • Lowest cost
112 V • good student
discount
" proper coverage
v\* • complete, prompt
\\P " rVICC
\* THOITS INSURANCE
140 University Ave.
Palo Alto
. • Lowest cost
112 V • good student
discount
" proper coverage
v\* • complete, prompt
\\P " rVICC
\* THOITS INSURANCE
140 University Ave.
Palo Alto
. • Lowest cost
112 V • good student
discount
" proper coverage
v\* • complete, prompt
\\P " rVICC
\* THOITS INSURANCE
140 University Ave.
Palo Alto
. • Lowest cost
112 V • good student
discount
" proper coverage
v\* • complete, prompt
\\P " rVICC
\* THOITS INSURANCE
140 University Ave.
Palo Alto
. • Lowest cost
112 V • good student
discount
" proper coverage
v\* • complete, prompt
\\P " rVICC
\* THOITS INSURANCE
140 University Ave.
Palo Alto
. • Lowest cost
112 V • good student
discount
" proper coverage
v\* • complete, prompt
\\P " rVICC
\* THOITS INSURANCE
140 University Ave.
Palo Alto
. • Lowest cost
112 V • good student
discount
" proper coverage
v\* • complete, prompt
\\P " rVICC
\* THOITS INSURANCE
140 University Ave.
Palo Alto
. • Lowest cost
112 V • good student
discount
" proper coverage
v\* • complete, prompt
\\P " rVICC
\* THOITS INSURANCE
140 University Ave.
Palo Alto
. • Lowest cost
112 V • good student
discount
" proper coverage
v\* • complete, prompt
\\P " rVICC
\* THOITS INSURANCE
140 University Ave.
Palo Alto
. • Lowest cost
112 V • good student
discount
" proper coverage
v\* • complete, prompt
\\P " rVICC
\* THOITS INSURANCE
140 University Ave.
Palo Alto
. • Lowest cost
112 V • good student
discount
" proper coverage
v\* • complete, prompt
\\P " rVICC
\* THOITS INSURANCE
140 University Ave.
Palo Alto
. • Lowest cost
112 V • good student
discount
" proper coverage
v\* • complete, prompt
\\P " rVICC
\* THOITS INSURANCE
140 University Ave.
Palo Alto
