# PICTURES FOR QUAD MUST BE TAKEN BY TUESDAY AFTERNOON
## 
### 
Organization and group pictures for
the Quad must be taken by Tuesday
afternoon. Those organizations which
do not have appointments yet should
make arrangements for them immedi
ately, Mac Lewis, manager, declares.
Those seniors and other individuals
who were not photographed last fall
or which must be taken again will be
taken on Wednesday and Thursday.
Members of the organizations who
wish to buy their group pictures may
order them through the president of
the organization.
Organization and group pictures for
the Quad must be taken by Tuesday
afternoon. Those organizations which
do not have appointments yet should
make arrangements for them immedi
ately, Mac Lewis, manager, declares.
Those seniors and other individuals
who were not photographed last fall
or which must be taken again will be
taken on Wednesday and Thursday.
Members of the organizations who
wish to buy their group pictures may
order them through the president of
the organization.
Organization and group pictures for
the Quad must be taken by Tuesday
afternoon. Those organizations which
do not have appointments yet should
make arrangements for them immedi
ately, Mac Lewis, manager, declares.
Those seniors and other individuals
who were not photographed last fall
or which must be taken again will be
taken on Wednesday and Thursday.
Members of the organizations who
wish to buy their group pictures may
order them through the president of
the organization.
Organization and group pictures for
the Quad must be taken by Tuesday
afternoon. Those organizations which
do not have appointments yet should
make arrangements for them immedi
ately, Mac Lewis, manager, declares.
Those seniors and other individuals
who were not photographed last fall
or which must be taken again will be
taken on Wednesday and Thursday.
Members of the organizations who
wish to buy their group pictures may
order them through the president of
the organization.
Organization and group pictures for
the Quad must be taken by Tuesday
afternoon. Those organizations which
do not have appointments yet should
make arrangements for them immedi
ately, Mac Lewis, manager, declares.
Those seniors and other individuals
who were not photographed last fall
or which must be taken again will be
taken on Wednesday and Thursday.
Members of the organizations who
wish to buy their group pictures may
order them through the president of
the organization.
Organization and group pictures for
the Quad must be taken by Tuesday
afternoon. Those organizations which
do not have appointments yet should
make arrangements for them immedi
ately, Mac Lewis, manager, declares.
Those seniors and other individuals
who were not photographed last fall
or which must be taken again will be
taken on Wednesday and Thursday.
Members of the organizations who
wish to buy their group pictures may
order them through the president of
the organization.
Organization and group pictures for
the Quad must be taken by Tuesday
afternoon. Those organizations which
do not have appointments yet should
make arrangements for them immedi
ately, Mac Lewis, manager, declares.
Those seniors and other individuals
who were not photographed last fall
or which must be taken again will be
taken on Wednesday and Thursday.
Members of the organizations who
wish to buy their group pictures may
order them through the president of
the organization.
Organization and group pictures for
the Quad must be taken by Tuesday
afternoon. Those organizations which
do not have appointments yet should
make arrangements for them immedi
ately, Mac Lewis, manager, declares.
Those seniors and other individuals
who were not photographed last fall
or which must be taken again will be
taken on Wednesday and Thursday.
Members of the organizations who
wish to buy their group pictures may
order them through the president of
the organization.
Organization and group pictures for
the Quad must be taken by Tuesday
afternoon. Those organizations which
do not have appointments yet should
make arrangements for them immedi
ately, Mac Lewis, manager, declares.
Those seniors and other individuals
who were not photographed last fall
or which must be taken again will be
taken on Wednesday and Thursday.
Members of the organizations who
wish to buy their group pictures may
order them through the president of
the organization.
Organization and group pictures for
the Quad must be taken by Tuesday
afternoon. Those organizations which
do not have appointments yet should
make arrangements for them immedi
ately, Mac Lewis, manager, declares.
Those seniors and other individuals
who were not photographed last fall
or which must be taken again will be
taken on Wednesday and Thursday.
Members of the organizations who
wish to buy their group pictures may
order them through the president of
the organization.
Organization and group pictures for
the Quad must be taken by Tuesday
afternoon. Those organizations which
do not have appointments yet should
make arrangements for them immedi
ately, Mac Lewis, manager, declares.
Those seniors and other individuals
who were not photographed last fall
or which must be taken again will be
taken on Wednesday and Thursday.
Members of the organizations who
wish to buy their group pictures may
order them through the president of
the organization.
Organization and group pictures for
the Quad must be taken by Tuesday
afternoon. Those organizations which
do not have appointments yet should
make arrangements for them immedi
ately, Mac Lewis, manager, declares.
Those seniors and other individuals
who were not photographed last fall
or which must be taken again will be
taken on Wednesday and Thursday.
Members of the organizations who
wish to buy their group pictures may
order them through the president of
the organization.
Organization and group pictures for
the Quad must be taken by Tuesday
afternoon. Those organizations which
do not have appointments yet should
make arrangements for them immedi
ately, Mac Lewis, manager, declares.
Those seniors and other individuals
who were not photographed last fall
or which must be taken again will be
taken on Wednesday and Thursday.
Members of the organizations who
wish to buy their group pictures may
order them through the president of
the organization.
Organization and group pictures for
the Quad must be taken by Tuesday
afternoon. Those organizations which
do not have appointments yet should
make arrangements for them immedi
ately, Mac Lewis, manager, declares.
Those seniors and other individuals
who were not photographed last fall
or which must be taken again will be
taken on Wednesday and Thursday.
Members of the organizations who
wish to buy their group pictures may
order them through the president of
the organization.
Organization and group pictures for
the Quad must be taken by Tuesday
afternoon. Those organizations which
do not have appointments yet should
make arrangements for them immedi
ately, Mac Lewis, manager, declares.
Those seniors and other individuals
who were not photographed last fall
or which must be taken again will be
taken on Wednesday and Thursday.
Members of the organizations who
wish to buy their group pictures may
order them through the president of
the organization.
Organization and group pictures for
the Quad must be taken by Tuesday
afternoon. Those organizations which
do not have appointments yet should
make arrangements for them immedi
ately, Mac Lewis, manager, declares.
Those seniors and other individuals
who were not photographed last fall
or which must be taken again will be
taken on Wednesday and Thursday.
Members of the organizations who
wish to buy their group pictures may
order them through the president of
the organization.
