# LA 						Microwave Lab Acquired by SRI
## 
### 
The Stanford Research Institute
recently announced that it had ae
quired the Microwave Engineering
Co. of Los Angeles.
The Institute also announced that
Microwaves former president and
chief engineer Robert Krausz will
head the engineering division's ra
dio systems laboratory for the In
stitute.
The laboratory will be known as
the Mount Lee Laboratory of Stan
ford Research Institute. It is lo
cated on Mount Lee in the Holly
wood district.
The Stanford Research Institute
recently announced that it had ae
quired the Microwave Engineering
Co. of Los Angeles.
The Institute also announced that
Microwaves former president and
chief engineer Robert Krausz will
head the engineering division's ra
dio systems laboratory for the In
stitute.
The laboratory will be known as
the Mount Lee Laboratory of Stan
ford Research Institute. It is lo
cated on Mount Lee in the Holly
wood district.
The Stanford Research Institute
recently announced that it had ae
quired the Microwave Engineering
Co. of Los Angeles.
The Institute also announced that
Microwaves former president and
chief engineer Robert Krausz will
head the engineering division's ra
dio systems laboratory for the In
stitute.
The laboratory will be known as
the Mount Lee Laboratory of Stan
ford Research Institute. It is lo
cated on Mount Lee in the Holly
wood district.
The Stanford Research Institute
recently announced that it had ae
quired the Microwave Engineering
Co. of Los Angeles.
The Institute also announced that
Microwaves former president and
chief engineer Robert Krausz will
head the engineering division's ra
dio systems laboratory for the In
stitute.
The laboratory will be known as
the Mount Lee Laboratory of Stan
ford Research Institute. It is lo
cated on Mount Lee in the Holly
wood district.
The Stanford Research Institute
recently announced that it had ae
quired the Microwave Engineering
Co. of Los Angeles.
The Institute also announced that
Microwaves former president and
chief engineer Robert Krausz will
head the engineering division's ra
dio systems laboratory for the In
stitute.
The laboratory will be known as
the Mount Lee Laboratory of Stan
ford Research Institute. It is lo
cated on Mount Lee in the Holly
wood district.
The Stanford Research Institute
recently announced that it had ae
quired the Microwave Engineering
Co. of Los Angeles.
The Institute also announced that
Microwaves former president and
chief engineer Robert Krausz will
head the engineering division's ra
dio systems laboratory for the In
stitute.
The laboratory will be known as
the Mount Lee Laboratory of Stan
ford Research Institute. It is lo
cated on Mount Lee in the Holly
wood district.
The Stanford Research Institute
recently announced that it had ae
quired the Microwave Engineering
Co. of Los Angeles.
The Institute also announced that
Microwaves former president and
chief engineer Robert Krausz will
head the engineering division's ra
dio systems laboratory for the In
stitute.
The laboratory will be known as
the Mount Lee Laboratory of Stan
ford Research Institute. It is lo
cated on Mount Lee in the Holly
wood district.
The Stanford Research Institute
recently announced that it had ae
quired the Microwave Engineering
Co. of Los Angeles.
The Institute also announced that
Microwaves former president and
chief engineer Robert Krausz will
head the engineering division's ra
dio systems laboratory for the In
stitute.
The laboratory will be known as
the Mount Lee Laboratory of Stan
ford Research Institute. It is lo
cated on Mount Lee in the Holly
wood district.
The Stanford Research Institute
recently announced that it had ae
quired the Microwave Engineering
Co. of Los Angeles.
The Institute also announced that
Microwaves former president and
chief engineer Robert Krausz will
head the engineering division's ra
dio systems laboratory for the In
stitute.
The laboratory will be known as
the Mount Lee Laboratory of Stan
ford Research Institute. It is lo
cated on Mount Lee in the Holly
wood district.
The Stanford Research Institute
recently announced that it had ae
quired the Microwave Engineering
Co. of Los Angeles.
The Institute also announced that
Microwaves former president and
chief engineer Robert Krausz will
head the engineering division's ra
dio systems laboratory for the In
stitute.
The laboratory will be known as
the Mount Lee Laboratory of Stan
ford Research Institute. It is lo
cated on Mount Lee in the Holly
wood district.
The Stanford Research Institute
recently announced that it had ae
quired the Microwave Engineering
Co. of Los Angeles.
The Institute also announced that
Microwaves former president and
chief engineer Robert Krausz will
head the engineering division's ra
dio systems laboratory for the In
stitute.
The laboratory will be known as
the Mount Lee Laboratory of Stan
ford Research Institute. It is lo
cated on Mount Lee in the Holly
wood district.
The Stanford Research Institute
recently announced that it had ae
quired the Microwave Engineering
Co. of Los Angeles.
The Institute also announced that
Microwaves former president and
chief engineer Robert Krausz will
head the engineering division's ra
dio systems laboratory for the In
stitute.
The laboratory will be known as
the Mount Lee Laboratory of Stan
ford Research Institute. It is lo
cated on Mount Lee in the Holly
wood district.
The Stanford Research Institute
recently announced that it had ae
quired the Microwave Engineering
Co. of Los Angeles.
The Institute also announced that
Microwaves former president and
chief engineer Robert Krausz will
head the engineering division's ra
dio systems laboratory for the In
stitute.
The laboratory will be known as
the Mount Lee Laboratory of Stan
ford Research Institute. It is lo
cated on Mount Lee in the Holly
wood district.
The Stanford Research Institute
recently announced that it had ae
quired the Microwave Engineering
Co. of Los Angeles.
The Institute also announced that
Microwaves former president and
chief engineer Robert Krausz will
head the engineering division's ra
dio systems laboratory for the In
stitute.
The laboratory will be known as
the Mount Lee Laboratory of Stan
ford Research Institute. It is lo
cated on Mount Lee in the Holly
wood district.
The Stanford Research Institute
recently announced that it had ae
quired the Microwave Engineering
Co. of Los Angeles.
The Institute also announced that
Microwaves former president and
chief engineer Robert Krausz will
head the engineering division's ra
dio systems laboratory for the In
stitute.
The laboratory will be known as
the Mount Lee Laboratory of Stan
ford Research Institute. It is lo
cated on Mount Lee in the Holly
wood district.
The Stanford Research Institute
recently announced that it had ae
quired the Microwave Engineering
Co. of Los Angeles.
The Institute also announced that
Microwaves former president and
chief engineer Robert Krausz will
head the engineering division's ra
dio systems laboratory for the In
stitute.
The laboratory will be known as
the Mount Lee Laboratory of Stan
ford Research Institute. It is lo
cated on Mount Lee in the Holly
wood district.
