# Housing Office Lists Vacancies
## 
### 
House drawing for winter quar
ter will be helcT tomorrow in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house from 9 to 4. Senior sponsors
will draw today in the Housing Of
fice.
All women except freshmen are
eligible to draw out of their pres
ent residences. If they are not

Housing vacancies listed for
winter quarter are as follows:
LaKunita S
Ventura (i
Union 5
Hawthorne Cottage 2
Elm 1
Mariposa 1
Madrono 3
Manzanita 1
Durand 1
Ilurlhurt 2
Lathrop 1
Roth 2
Russell 1
Stillman 1
Storey 2

placed in one of the first three
choices listed on their drawing
cards, they may cancel their num
bers. Cancellations must be made
by 4 p.m. Friday in the Housing
Office, Room 101-A, Inner Quad.
House drawing for winter quar
ter will be helcT tomorrow in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house from 9 to 4. Senior sponsors
will draw today in the Housing Of
fice.
All women except freshmen are
eligible to draw out of their pres
ent residences. If they are not

Housing vacancies listed for
winter quarter are as follows:
LaKunita S
Ventura (i
Union 5
Hawthorne Cottage 2
Elm 1
Mariposa 1
Madrono 3
Manzanita 1
Durand 1
Ilurlhurt 2
Lathrop 1
Roth 2
Russell 1
Stillman 1
Storey 2

placed in one of the first three
choices listed on their drawing
cards, they may cancel their num
bers. Cancellations must be made
by 4 p.m. Friday in the Housing
Office, Room 101-A, Inner Quad.
House drawing for winter quar
ter will be helcT tomorrow in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house from 9 to 4. Senior sponsors
will draw today in the Housing Of
fice.
All women except freshmen are
eligible to draw out of their pres
ent residences. If they are not

Housing vacancies listed for
winter quarter are as follows:
LaKunita S
Ventura (i
Union 5
Hawthorne Cottage 2
Elm 1
Mariposa 1
Madrono 3
Manzanita 1
Durand 1
Ilurlhurt 2
Lathrop 1
Roth 2
Russell 1
Stillman 1
Storey 2

placed in one of the first three
choices listed on their drawing
cards, they may cancel their num
bers. Cancellations must be made
by 4 p.m. Friday in the Housing
Office, Room 101-A, Inner Quad.
House drawing for winter quar
ter will be helcT tomorrow in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house from 9 to 4. Senior sponsors
will draw today in the Housing Of
fice.
All women except freshmen are
eligible to draw out of their pres
ent residences. If they are not

Housing vacancies listed for
winter quarter are as follows:
LaKunita S
Ventura (i
Union 5
Hawthorne Cottage 2
Elm 1
Mariposa 1
Madrono 3
Manzanita 1
Durand 1
Ilurlhurt 2
Lathrop 1
Roth 2
Russell 1
Stillman 1
Storey 2

placed in one of the first three
choices listed on their drawing
cards, they may cancel their num
bers. Cancellations must be made
by 4 p.m. Friday in the Housing
Office, Room 101-A, Inner Quad.
House drawing for winter quar
ter will be helcT tomorrow in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house from 9 to 4. Senior sponsors
will draw today in the Housing Of
fice.
All women except freshmen are
eligible to draw out of their pres
ent residences. If they are not

Housing vacancies listed for
winter quarter are as follows:
LaKunita S
Ventura (i
Union 5
Hawthorne Cottage 2
Elm 1
Mariposa 1
Madrono 3
Manzanita 1
Durand 1
Ilurlhurt 2
Lathrop 1
Roth 2
Russell 1
Stillman 1
Storey 2

placed in one of the first three
choices listed on their drawing
cards, they may cancel their num
bers. Cancellations must be made
by 4 p.m. Friday in the Housing
Office, Room 101-A, Inner Quad.
House drawing for winter quar
ter will be helcT tomorrow in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house from 9 to 4. Senior sponsors
will draw today in the Housing Of
fice.
All women except freshmen are
eligible to draw out of their pres
ent residences. If they are not

Housing vacancies listed for
winter quarter are as follows:
LaKunita S
Ventura (i
Union 5
Hawthorne Cottage 2
Elm 1
Mariposa 1
Madrono 3
Manzanita 1
Durand 1
Ilurlhurt 2
Lathrop 1
Roth 2
Russell 1
Stillman 1
Storey 2

placed in one of the first three
choices listed on their drawing
cards, they may cancel their num
bers. Cancellations must be made
by 4 p.m. Friday in the Housing
Office, Room 101-A, Inner Quad.
House drawing for winter quar
ter will be helcT tomorrow in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house from 9 to 4. Senior sponsors
will draw today in the Housing Of
fice.
All women except freshmen are
eligible to draw out of their pres
ent residences. If they are not

Housing vacancies listed for
winter quarter are as follows:
LaKunita S
Ventura (i
Union 5
Hawthorne Cottage 2
Elm 1
Mariposa 1
Madrono 3
Manzanita 1
Durand 1
Ilurlhurt 2
Lathrop 1
Roth 2
Russell 1
Stillman 1
Storey 2

placed in one of the first three
choices listed on their drawing
cards, they may cancel their num
bers. Cancellations must be made
by 4 p.m. Friday in the Housing
Office, Room 101-A, Inner Quad.
House drawing for winter quar
ter will be helcT tomorrow in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house from 9 to 4. Senior sponsors
will draw today in the Housing Of
fice.
All women except freshmen are
eligible to draw out of their pres
ent residences. If they are not

Housing vacancies listed for
winter quarter are as follows:
LaKunita S
Ventura (i
Union 5
Hawthorne Cottage 2
Elm 1
Mariposa 1
Madrono 3
Manzanita 1
Durand 1
Ilurlhurt 2
Lathrop 1
Roth 2
Russell 1
Stillman 1
Storey 2

placed in one of the first three
choices listed on their drawing
cards, they may cancel their num
bers. Cancellations must be made
by 4 p.m. Friday in the Housing
Office, Room 101-A, Inner Quad.
House drawing for winter quar
ter will be helcT tomorrow in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house from 9 to 4. Senior sponsors
will draw today in the Housing Of
fice.
All women except freshmen are
eligible to draw out of their pres
ent residences. If they are not

Housing vacancies listed for
winter quarter are as follows:
LaKunita S
Ventura (i
Union 5
Hawthorne Cottage 2
Elm 1
Mariposa 1
Madrono 3
Manzanita 1
Durand 1
Ilurlhurt 2
Lathrop 1
Roth 2
Russell 1
Stillman 1
Storey 2

placed in one of the first three
choices listed on their drawing
cards, they may cancel their num
bers. Cancellations must be made
by 4 p.m. Friday in the Housing
Office, Room 101-A, Inner Quad.
House drawing for winter quar
ter will be helcT tomorrow in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house from 9 to 4. Senior sponsors
will draw today in the Housing Of
fice.
All women except freshmen are
eligible to draw out of their pres
ent residences. If they are not

Housing vacancies listed for
winter quarter are as follows:
LaKunita S
Ventura (i
Union 5
Hawthorne Cottage 2
Elm 1
Mariposa 1
Madrono 3
Manzanita 1
Durand 1
Ilurlhurt 2
Lathrop 1
Roth 2
Russell 1
Stillman 1
Storey 2

placed in one of the first three
choices listed on their drawing
cards, they may cancel their num
bers. Cancellations must be made
by 4 p.m. Friday in the Housing
Office, Room 101-A, Inner Quad.
House drawing for winter quar
ter will be helcT tomorrow in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house from 9 to 4. Senior sponsors
will draw today in the Housing Of
fice.
All women except freshmen are
eligible to draw out of their pres
ent residences. If they are not

Housing vacancies listed for
winter quarter are as follows:
LaKunita S
Ventura (i
Union 5
Hawthorne Cottage 2
Elm 1
Mariposa 1
Madrono 3
Manzanita 1
Durand 1
Ilurlhurt 2
Lathrop 1
Roth 2
Russell 1
Stillman 1
Storey 2

placed in one of the first three
choices listed on their drawing
cards, they may cancel their num
bers. Cancellations must be made
by 4 p.m. Friday in the Housing
Office, Room 101-A, Inner Quad.
House drawing for winter quar
ter will be helcT tomorrow in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house from 9 to 4. Senior sponsors
will draw today in the Housing Of
fice.
All women except freshmen are
eligible to draw out of their pres
ent residences. If they are not

Housing vacancies listed for
winter quarter are as follows:
LaKunita S
Ventura (i
Union 5
Hawthorne Cottage 2
Elm 1
Mariposa 1
Madrono 3
Manzanita 1
Durand 1
Ilurlhurt 2
Lathrop 1
Roth 2
Russell 1
Stillman 1
Storey 2

placed in one of the first three
choices listed on their drawing
cards, they may cancel their num
bers. Cancellations must be made
by 4 p.m. Friday in the Housing
Office, Room 101-A, Inner Quad.
House drawing for winter quar
ter will be helcT tomorrow in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house from 9 to 4. Senior sponsors
will draw today in the Housing Of
fice.
All women except freshmen are
eligible to draw out of their pres
ent residences. If they are not

Housing vacancies listed for
winter quarter are as follows:
LaKunita S
Ventura (i
Union 5
Hawthorne Cottage 2
Elm 1
Mariposa 1
Madrono 3
Manzanita 1
Durand 1
Ilurlhurt 2
Lathrop 1
Roth 2
Russell 1
Stillman 1
Storey 2

placed in one of the first three
choices listed on their drawing
cards, they may cancel their num
bers. Cancellations must be made
by 4 p.m. Friday in the Housing
Office, Room 101-A, Inner Quad.
House drawing for winter quar
ter will be helcT tomorrow in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house from 9 to 4. Senior sponsors
will draw today in the Housing Of
fice.
All women except freshmen are
eligible to draw out of their pres
ent residences. If they are not

Housing vacancies listed for
winter quarter are as follows:
LaKunita S
Ventura (i
Union 5
Hawthorne Cottage 2
Elm 1
Mariposa 1
Madrono 3
Manzanita 1
Durand 1
Ilurlhurt 2
Lathrop 1
Roth 2
Russell 1
Stillman 1
Storey 2

placed in one of the first three
choices listed on their drawing
cards, they may cancel their num
bers. Cancellations must be made
by 4 p.m. Friday in the Housing
Office, Room 101-A, Inner Quad.
House drawing for winter quar
ter will be helcT tomorrow in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house from 9 to 4. Senior sponsors
will draw today in the Housing Of
fice.
All women except freshmen are
eligible to draw out of their pres
ent residences. If they are not

Housing vacancies listed for
winter quarter are as follows:
LaKunita S
Ventura (i
Union 5
Hawthorne Cottage 2
Elm 1
Mariposa 1
Madrono 3
Manzanita 1
Durand 1
Ilurlhurt 2
Lathrop 1
Roth 2
Russell 1
Stillman 1
Storey 2

placed in one of the first three
choices listed on their drawing
cards, they may cancel their num
bers. Cancellations must be made
by 4 p.m. Friday in the Housing
Office, Room 101-A, Inner Quad.
House drawing for winter quar
ter will be helcT tomorrow in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house from 9 to 4. Senior sponsors
will draw today in the Housing Of
fice.
All women except freshmen are
eligible to draw out of their pres
ent residences. If they are not

Housing vacancies listed for
winter quarter are as follows:
LaKunita S
Ventura (i
Union 5
Hawthorne Cottage 2
Elm 1
Mariposa 1
Madrono 3
Manzanita 1
Durand 1
Ilurlhurt 2
Lathrop 1
Roth 2
Russell 1
Stillman 1
Storey 2

placed in one of the first three
choices listed on their drawing
cards, they may cancel their num
bers. Cancellations must be made
by 4 p.m. Friday in the Housing
Office, Room 101-A, Inner Quad.
