# Deadline for Final Exam Petitions Set
## 
### 
Petitions for final examination
changes will not be accepted after
the deadline, Monday, Nov. 2'A.
Petition blanks may be obtained
from Miss Brandon, 111-K. Reg
istrar's Oflice, and should be
signed by the instructor before
being turned in.
Petitions for final examination
changes will not be accepted after
the deadline, Monday, Nov. 2'A.
Petition blanks may be obtained
from Miss Brandon, 111-K. Reg
istrar's Oflice, and should be
signed by the instructor before
being turned in.
Petitions for final examination
changes will not be accepted after
the deadline, Monday, Nov. 2'A.
Petition blanks may be obtained
from Miss Brandon, 111-K. Reg
istrar's Oflice, and should be
signed by the instructor before
being turned in.
Petitions for final examination
changes will not be accepted after
the deadline, Monday, Nov. 2'A.
Petition blanks may be obtained
from Miss Brandon, 111-K. Reg
istrar's Oflice, and should be
signed by the instructor before
being turned in.
Petitions for final examination
changes will not be accepted after
the deadline, Monday, Nov. 2'A.
Petition blanks may be obtained
from Miss Brandon, 111-K. Reg
istrar's Oflice, and should be
signed by the instructor before
being turned in.
Petitions for final examination
changes will not be accepted after
the deadline, Monday, Nov. 2'A.
Petition blanks may be obtained
from Miss Brandon, 111-K. Reg
istrar's Oflice, and should be
signed by the instructor before
being turned in.
Petitions for final examination
changes will not be accepted after
the deadline, Monday, Nov. 2'A.
Petition blanks may be obtained
from Miss Brandon, 111-K. Reg
istrar's Oflice, and should be
signed by the instructor before
being turned in.
Petitions for final examination
changes will not be accepted after
the deadline, Monday, Nov. 2'A.
Petition blanks may be obtained
from Miss Brandon, 111-K. Reg
istrar's Oflice, and should be
signed by the instructor before
being turned in.
Petitions for final examination
changes will not be accepted after
the deadline, Monday, Nov. 2'A.
Petition blanks may be obtained
from Miss Brandon, 111-K. Reg
istrar's Oflice, and should be
signed by the instructor before
being turned in.
Petitions for final examination
changes will not be accepted after
the deadline, Monday, Nov. 2'A.
Petition blanks may be obtained
from Miss Brandon, 111-K. Reg
istrar's Oflice, and should be
signed by the instructor before
being turned in.
Petitions for final examination
changes will not be accepted after
the deadline, Monday, Nov. 2'A.
Petition blanks may be obtained
from Miss Brandon, 111-K. Reg
istrar's Oflice, and should be
signed by the instructor before
being turned in.
Petitions for final examination
changes will not be accepted after
the deadline, Monday, Nov. 2'A.
Petition blanks may be obtained
from Miss Brandon, 111-K. Reg
istrar's Oflice, and should be
signed by the instructor before
being turned in.
Petitions for final examination
changes will not be accepted after
the deadline, Monday, Nov. 2'A.
Petition blanks may be obtained
from Miss Brandon, 111-K. Reg
istrar's Oflice, and should be
signed by the instructor before
being turned in.
Petitions for final examination
changes will not be accepted after
the deadline, Monday, Nov. 2'A.
Petition blanks may be obtained
from Miss Brandon, 111-K. Reg
istrar's Oflice, and should be
signed by the instructor before
being turned in.
Petitions for final examination
changes will not be accepted after
the deadline, Monday, Nov. 2'A.
Petition blanks may be obtained
from Miss Brandon, 111-K. Reg
istrar's Oflice, and should be
signed by the instructor before
being turned in.
Petitions for final examination
changes will not be accepted after
the deadline, Monday, Nov. 2'A.
Petition blanks may be obtained
from Miss Brandon, 111-K. Reg
istrar's Oflice, and should be
signed by the instructor before
being turned in.
