# Enemy Alert Tests To Begin Monday
## 
### 
The first in a series of tests to
alert the public against possible en
emy attack.s will be helrl nn Mon
day, Nov. 23. The warnings will
sound at 12 noon throughout the
state.
The signals to be used will con
sist of a three-minute wailing siren
or short blasts followed by the all
clear signal of three one - minute
blasts with a two-minute silence
between.
These warnings arc merely to ac
quaint the general public with tin
signals and determine the present
warning coverage. There will be no
participation by the general public
in these tests.
The first in a series of tests to
alert the public against possible en
emy attack.s will be helrl nn Mon
day, Nov. 23. The warnings will
sound at 12 noon throughout the
state.
The signals to be used will con
sist of a three-minute wailing siren
or short blasts followed by the all
clear signal of three one - minute
blasts with a two-minute silence
between.
These warnings arc merely to ac
quaint the general public with tin
signals and determine the present
warning coverage. There will be no
participation by the general public
in these tests.
The first in a series of tests to
alert the public against possible en
emy attack.s will be helrl nn Mon
day, Nov. 23. The warnings will
sound at 12 noon throughout the
state.
The signals to be used will con
sist of a three-minute wailing siren
or short blasts followed by the all
clear signal of three one - minute
blasts with a two-minute silence
between.
These warnings arc merely to ac
quaint the general public with tin
signals and determine the present
warning coverage. There will be no
participation by the general public
in these tests.
The first in a series of tests to
alert the public against possible en
emy attack.s will be helrl nn Mon
day, Nov. 23. The warnings will
sound at 12 noon throughout the
state.
The signals to be used will con
sist of a three-minute wailing siren
or short blasts followed by the all
clear signal of three one - minute
blasts with a two-minute silence
between.
These warnings arc merely to ac
quaint the general public with tin
signals and determine the present
warning coverage. There will be no
participation by the general public
in these tests.
The first in a series of tests to
alert the public against possible en
emy attack.s will be helrl nn Mon
day, Nov. 23. The warnings will
sound at 12 noon throughout the
state.
The signals to be used will con
sist of a three-minute wailing siren
or short blasts followed by the all
clear signal of three one - minute
blasts with a two-minute silence
between.
These warnings arc merely to ac
quaint the general public with tin
signals and determine the present
warning coverage. There will be no
participation by the general public
in these tests.
The first in a series of tests to
alert the public against possible en
emy attack.s will be helrl nn Mon
day, Nov. 23. The warnings will
sound at 12 noon throughout the
state.
The signals to be used will con
sist of a three-minute wailing siren
or short blasts followed by the all
clear signal of three one - minute
blasts with a two-minute silence
between.
These warnings arc merely to ac
quaint the general public with tin
signals and determine the present
warning coverage. There will be no
participation by the general public
in these tests.
The first in a series of tests to
alert the public against possible en
emy attack.s will be helrl nn Mon
day, Nov. 23. The warnings will
sound at 12 noon throughout the
state.
The signals to be used will con
sist of a three-minute wailing siren
or short blasts followed by the all
clear signal of three one - minute
blasts with a two-minute silence
between.
These warnings arc merely to ac
quaint the general public with tin
signals and determine the present
warning coverage. There will be no
participation by the general public
in these tests.
The first in a series of tests to
alert the public against possible en
emy attack.s will be helrl nn Mon
day, Nov. 23. The warnings will
sound at 12 noon throughout the
state.
The signals to be used will con
sist of a three-minute wailing siren
or short blasts followed by the all
clear signal of three one - minute
blasts with a two-minute silence
between.
These warnings arc merely to ac
quaint the general public with tin
signals and determine the present
warning coverage. There will be no
participation by the general public
in these tests.
The first in a series of tests to
alert the public against possible en
emy attack.s will be helrl nn Mon
day, Nov. 23. The warnings will
sound at 12 noon throughout the
state.
The signals to be used will con
sist of a three-minute wailing siren
or short blasts followed by the all
clear signal of three one - minute
blasts with a two-minute silence
between.
These warnings arc merely to ac
quaint the general public with tin
signals and determine the present
warning coverage. There will be no
participation by the general public
in these tests.
The first in a series of tests to
alert the public against possible en
emy attack.s will be helrl nn Mon
day, Nov. 23. The warnings will
sound at 12 noon throughout the
state.
The signals to be used will con
sist of a three-minute wailing siren
or short blasts followed by the all
clear signal of three one - minute
blasts with a two-minute silence
between.
These warnings arc merely to ac
quaint the general public with tin
signals and determine the present
warning coverage. There will be no
participation by the general public
in these tests.
The first in a series of tests to
alert the public against possible en
emy attack.s will be helrl nn Mon
day, Nov. 23. The warnings will
sound at 12 noon throughout the
state.
The signals to be used will con
sist of a three-minute wailing siren
or short blasts followed by the all
clear signal of three one - minute
blasts with a two-minute silence
between.
These warnings arc merely to ac
quaint the general public with tin
signals and determine the present
warning coverage. There will be no
participation by the general public
in these tests.
The first in a series of tests to
alert the public against possible en
emy attack.s will be helrl nn Mon
day, Nov. 23. The warnings will
sound at 12 noon throughout the
state.
The signals to be used will con
sist of a three-minute wailing siren
or short blasts followed by the all
clear signal of three one - minute
blasts with a two-minute silence
between.
These warnings arc merely to ac
quaint the general public with tin
signals and determine the present
warning coverage. There will be no
participation by the general public
in these tests.
The first in a series of tests to
alert the public against possible en
emy attack.s will be helrl nn Mon
day, Nov. 23. The warnings will
sound at 12 noon throughout the
state.
The signals to be used will con
sist of a three-minute wailing siren
or short blasts followed by the all
clear signal of three one - minute
blasts with a two-minute silence
between.
These warnings arc merely to ac
quaint the general public with tin
signals and determine the present
warning coverage. There will be no
participation by the general public
in these tests.
The first in a series of tests to
alert the public against possible en
emy attack.s will be helrl nn Mon
day, Nov. 23. The warnings will
sound at 12 noon throughout the
state.
The signals to be used will con
sist of a three-minute wailing siren
or short blasts followed by the all
clear signal of three one - minute
blasts with a two-minute silence
between.
These warnings arc merely to ac
quaint the general public with tin
signals and determine the present
warning coverage. There will be no
participation by the general public
in these tests.
The first in a series of tests to
alert the public against possible en
emy attack.s will be helrl nn Mon
day, Nov. 23. The warnings will
sound at 12 noon throughout the
state.
The signals to be used will con
sist of a three-minute wailing siren
or short blasts followed by the all
clear signal of three one - minute
blasts with a two-minute silence
between.
These warnings arc merely to ac
quaint the general public with tin
signals and determine the present
warning coverage. There will be no
participation by the general public
in these tests.
The first in a series of tests to
alert the public against possible en
emy attack.s will be helrl nn Mon
day, Nov. 23. The warnings will
sound at 12 noon throughout the
state.
The signals to be used will con
sist of a three-minute wailing siren
or short blasts followed by the all
clear signal of three one - minute
blasts with a two-minute silence
between.
These warnings arc merely to ac
quaint the general public with tin
signals and determine the present
warning coverage. There will be no
participation by the general public
in these tests.
