# Y. W. C. A. Secretary Announces Engagement
## 
### 
The engagement 01' Miss Ruth Bacon,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Albert S.
Bacon of San Jose, to Robert Kingston
Vickery was announced last week. Miss
Bacon is a member of Gamma Phi Beta
sorority and Vickery of Sigma Xi,
scientific honorary society. Since her
graduation Miss Bacon served as
secretary of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association at the San Jose Normal
School, until she came back to Stanford
to take charge of the activities here.
Vickery served as a first lieutenant in
the Sanitary Corps. He is now con
nected with the Bean Spray Pump com
pany of San Jose.
The engagement 01' Miss Ruth Bacon,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Albert S.
Bacon of San Jose, to Robert Kingston
Vickery was announced last week. Miss
Bacon is a member of Gamma Phi Beta
sorority and Vickery of Sigma Xi,
scientific honorary society. Since her
graduation Miss Bacon served as
secretary of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association at the San Jose Normal
School, until she came back to Stanford
to take charge of the activities here.
Vickery served as a first lieutenant in
the Sanitary Corps. He is now con
nected with the Bean Spray Pump com
pany of San Jose.
The engagement 01' Miss Ruth Bacon,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Albert S.
Bacon of San Jose, to Robert Kingston
Vickery was announced last week. Miss
Bacon is a member of Gamma Phi Beta
sorority and Vickery of Sigma Xi,
scientific honorary society. Since her
graduation Miss Bacon served as
secretary of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association at the San Jose Normal
School, until she came back to Stanford
to take charge of the activities here.
Vickery served as a first lieutenant in
the Sanitary Corps. He is now con
nected with the Bean Spray Pump com
pany of San Jose.
The engagement 01' Miss Ruth Bacon,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Albert S.
Bacon of San Jose, to Robert Kingston
Vickery was announced last week. Miss
Bacon is a member of Gamma Phi Beta
sorority and Vickery of Sigma Xi,
scientific honorary society. Since her
graduation Miss Bacon served as
secretary of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association at the San Jose Normal
School, until she came back to Stanford
to take charge of the activities here.
Vickery served as a first lieutenant in
the Sanitary Corps. He is now con
nected with the Bean Spray Pump com
pany of San Jose.
The engagement 01' Miss Ruth Bacon,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Albert S.
Bacon of San Jose, to Robert Kingston
Vickery was announced last week. Miss
Bacon is a member of Gamma Phi Beta
sorority and Vickery of Sigma Xi,
scientific honorary society. Since her
graduation Miss Bacon served as
secretary of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association at the San Jose Normal
School, until she came back to Stanford
to take charge of the activities here.
Vickery served as a first lieutenant in
the Sanitary Corps. He is now con
nected with the Bean Spray Pump com
pany of San Jose.
The engagement 01' Miss Ruth Bacon,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Albert S.
Bacon of San Jose, to Robert Kingston
Vickery was announced last week. Miss
Bacon is a member of Gamma Phi Beta
sorority and Vickery of Sigma Xi,
scientific honorary society. Since her
graduation Miss Bacon served as
secretary of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association at the San Jose Normal
School, until she came back to Stanford
to take charge of the activities here.
Vickery served as a first lieutenant in
the Sanitary Corps. He is now con
nected with the Bean Spray Pump com
pany of San Jose.
The engagement 01' Miss Ruth Bacon,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Albert S.
Bacon of San Jose, to Robert Kingston
Vickery was announced last week. Miss
Bacon is a member of Gamma Phi Beta
sorority and Vickery of Sigma Xi,
scientific honorary society. Since her
graduation Miss Bacon served as
secretary of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association at the San Jose Normal
School, until she came back to Stanford
to take charge of the activities here.
Vickery served as a first lieutenant in
the Sanitary Corps. He is now con
nected with the Bean Spray Pump com
pany of San Jose.
The engagement 01' Miss Ruth Bacon,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Albert S.
Bacon of San Jose, to Robert Kingston
Vickery was announced last week. Miss
Bacon is a member of Gamma Phi Beta
sorority and Vickery of Sigma Xi,
scientific honorary society. Since her
graduation Miss Bacon served as
secretary of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association at the San Jose Normal
School, until she came back to Stanford
to take charge of the activities here.
Vickery served as a first lieutenant in
the Sanitary Corps. He is now con
nected with the Bean Spray Pump com
pany of San Jose.
The engagement 01' Miss Ruth Bacon,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Albert S.
Bacon of San Jose, to Robert Kingston
Vickery was announced last week. Miss
Bacon is a member of Gamma Phi Beta
sorority and Vickery of Sigma Xi,
scientific honorary society. Since her
graduation Miss Bacon served as
secretary of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association at the San Jose Normal
School, until she came back to Stanford
to take charge of the activities here.
Vickery served as a first lieutenant in
the Sanitary Corps. He is now con
nected with the Bean Spray Pump com
pany of San Jose.
The engagement 01' Miss Ruth Bacon,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Albert S.
Bacon of San Jose, to Robert Kingston
Vickery was announced last week. Miss
Bacon is a member of Gamma Phi Beta
sorority and Vickery of Sigma Xi,
scientific honorary society. Since her
graduation Miss Bacon served as
secretary of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association at the San Jose Normal
School, until she came back to Stanford
to take charge of the activities here.
Vickery served as a first lieutenant in
the Sanitary Corps. He is now con
nected with the Bean Spray Pump com
pany of San Jose.
The engagement 01' Miss Ruth Bacon,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Albert S.
Bacon of San Jose, to Robert Kingston
Vickery was announced last week. Miss
Bacon is a member of Gamma Phi Beta
sorority and Vickery of Sigma Xi,
scientific honorary society. Since her
graduation Miss Bacon served as
secretary of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association at the San Jose Normal
School, until she came back to Stanford
to take charge of the activities here.
Vickery served as a first lieutenant in
the Sanitary Corps. He is now con
nected with the Bean Spray Pump com
pany of San Jose.
The engagement 01' Miss Ruth Bacon,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Albert S.
Bacon of San Jose, to Robert Kingston
Vickery was announced last week. Miss
Bacon is a member of Gamma Phi Beta
sorority and Vickery of Sigma Xi,
scientific honorary society. Since her
graduation Miss Bacon served as
secretary of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association at the San Jose Normal
School, until she came back to Stanford
to take charge of the activities here.
Vickery served as a first lieutenant in
the Sanitary Corps. He is now con
nected with the Bean Spray Pump com
pany of San Jose.
The engagement 01' Miss Ruth Bacon,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Albert S.
Bacon of San Jose, to Robert Kingston
Vickery was announced last week. Miss
Bacon is a member of Gamma Phi Beta
sorority and Vickery of Sigma Xi,
scientific honorary society. Since her
graduation Miss Bacon served as
secretary of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association at the San Jose Normal
School, until she came back to Stanford
to take charge of the activities here.
Vickery served as a first lieutenant in
the Sanitary Corps. He is now con
nected with the Bean Spray Pump com
pany of San Jose.
