# WOMEN USING CANOES URGED TO TAKE TEST
## 
### 
Arrangements have been made to
give canoe tests to all women stu
dents who wish to take canoes out on
Lagunita. The passing of this test
is required of all women registered
in the University before they are al
lowed on the lake and this year the
rule will he strictly enforced.
The test usually consists of a tak
ing a canoe a designated (distance
from land, turning it over and bring
ing the canoe to shore. The method
has been modified to a certain extent
this year and the women will report
at Roble Gymnasium instead of at
Lagunita for the test. The require
ments this year will consist of swim
ming six lengths of the Roble pool
without touching at either end in
turning, and paddling a certain dis
tance on the lake under supervision
to demonstrate the ability to handle
a canoe.
All those who wish to take the testa
should see Miss Bunting as soon as
possible for an appointment.
Arrangements have been made to
give canoe tests to all women stu
dents who wish to take canoes out on
Lagunita. The passing of this test
is required of all women registered
in the University before they are al
lowed on the lake and this year the
rule will he strictly enforced.
The test usually consists of a tak
ing a canoe a designated (distance
from land, turning it over and bring
ing the canoe to shore. The method
has been modified to a certain extent
this year and the women will report
at Roble Gymnasium instead of at
Lagunita for the test. The require
ments this year will consist of swim
ming six lengths of the Roble pool
without touching at either end in
turning, and paddling a certain dis
tance on the lake under supervision
to demonstrate the ability to handle
a canoe.
All those who wish to take the testa
should see Miss Bunting as soon as
possible for an appointment.
Arrangements have been made to
give canoe tests to all women stu
dents who wish to take canoes out on
Lagunita. The passing of this test
is required of all women registered
in the University before they are al
lowed on the lake and this year the
rule will he strictly enforced.
The test usually consists of a tak
ing a canoe a designated (distance
from land, turning it over and bring
ing the canoe to shore. The method
has been modified to a certain extent
this year and the women will report
at Roble Gymnasium instead of at
Lagunita for the test. The require
ments this year will consist of swim
ming six lengths of the Roble pool
without touching at either end in
turning, and paddling a certain dis
tance on the lake under supervision
to demonstrate the ability to handle
a canoe.
All those who wish to take the testa
should see Miss Bunting as soon as
possible for an appointment.
Arrangements have been made to
give canoe tests to all women stu
dents who wish to take canoes out on
Lagunita. The passing of this test
is required of all women registered
in the University before they are al
lowed on the lake and this year the
rule will he strictly enforced.
The test usually consists of a tak
ing a canoe a designated (distance
from land, turning it over and bring
ing the canoe to shore. The method
has been modified to a certain extent
this year and the women will report
at Roble Gymnasium instead of at
Lagunita for the test. The require
ments this year will consist of swim
ming six lengths of the Roble pool
without touching at either end in
turning, and paddling a certain dis
tance on the lake under supervision
to demonstrate the ability to handle
a canoe.
All those who wish to take the testa
should see Miss Bunting as soon as
possible for an appointment.
Arrangements have been made to
give canoe tests to all women stu
dents who wish to take canoes out on
Lagunita. The passing of this test
is required of all women registered
in the University before they are al
lowed on the lake and this year the
rule will he strictly enforced.
The test usually consists of a tak
ing a canoe a designated (distance
from land, turning it over and bring
ing the canoe to shore. The method
has been modified to a certain extent
this year and the women will report
at Roble Gymnasium instead of at
Lagunita for the test. The require
ments this year will consist of swim
ming six lengths of the Roble pool
without touching at either end in
turning, and paddling a certain dis
tance on the lake under supervision
to demonstrate the ability to handle
a canoe.
All those who wish to take the testa
should see Miss Bunting as soon as
possible for an appointment.
Arrangements have been made to
give canoe tests to all women stu
dents who wish to take canoes out on
Lagunita. The passing of this test
is required of all women registered
in the University before they are al
lowed on the lake and this year the
rule will he strictly enforced.
The test usually consists of a tak
ing a canoe a designated (distance
from land, turning it over and bring
ing the canoe to shore. The method
has been modified to a certain extent
this year and the women will report
at Roble Gymnasium instead of at
Lagunita for the test. The require
ments this year will consist of swim
ming six lengths of the Roble pool
without touching at either end in
turning, and paddling a certain dis
tance on the lake under supervision
to demonstrate the ability to handle
a canoe.
All those who wish to take the testa
should see Miss Bunting as soon as
possible for an appointment.
Arrangements have been made to
give canoe tests to all women stu
dents who wish to take canoes out on
Lagunita. The passing of this test
is required of all women registered
in the University before they are al
lowed on the lake and this year the
rule will he strictly enforced.
The test usually consists of a tak
ing a canoe a designated (distance
from land, turning it over and bring
ing the canoe to shore. The method
has been modified to a certain extent
this year and the women will report
at Roble Gymnasium instead of at
Lagunita for the test. The require
ments this year will consist of swim
ming six lengths of the Roble pool
without touching at either end in
turning, and paddling a certain dis
tance on the lake under supervision
to demonstrate the ability to handle
a canoe.
All those who wish to take the testa
should see Miss Bunting as soon as
possible for an appointment.
Arrangements have been made to
give canoe tests to all women stu
dents who wish to take canoes out on
Lagunita. The passing of this test
is required of all women registered
in the University before they are al
lowed on the lake and this year the
rule will he strictly enforced.
The test usually consists of a tak
ing a canoe a designated (distance
from land, turning it over and bring
ing the canoe to shore. The method
has been modified to a certain extent
this year and the women will report
at Roble Gymnasium instead of at
Lagunita for the test. The require
ments this year will consist of swim
ming six lengths of the Roble pool
without touching at either end in
turning, and paddling a certain dis
tance on the lake under supervision
to demonstrate the ability to handle
a canoe.
All those who wish to take the testa
should see Miss Bunting as soon as
possible for an appointment.
Arrangements have been made to
give canoe tests to all women stu
dents who wish to take canoes out on
Lagunita. The passing of this test
is required of all women registered
in the University before they are al
lowed on the lake and this year the
rule will he strictly enforced.
The test usually consists of a tak
ing a canoe a designated (distance
from land, turning it over and bring
ing the canoe to shore. The method
has been modified to a certain extent
this year and the women will report
at Roble Gymnasium instead of at
Lagunita for the test. The require
ments this year will consist of swim
ming six lengths of the Roble pool
without touching at either end in
turning, and paddling a certain dis
tance on the lake under supervision
to demonstrate the ability to handle
a canoe.
All those who wish to take the testa
should see Miss Bunting as soon as
possible for an appointment.
Arrangements have been made to
give canoe tests to all women stu
dents who wish to take canoes out on
Lagunita. The passing of this test
is required of all women registered
in the University before they are al
lowed on the lake and this year the
rule will he strictly enforced.
The test usually consists of a tak
ing a canoe a designated (distance
from land, turning it over and bring
ing the canoe to shore. The method
has been modified to a certain extent
this year and the women will report
at Roble Gymnasium instead of at
Lagunita for the test. The require
ments this year will consist of swim
ming six lengths of the Roble pool
without touching at either end in
turning, and paddling a certain dis
tance on the lake under supervision
to demonstrate the ability to handle
a canoe.
All those who wish to take the testa
should see Miss Bunting as soon as
possible for an appointment.
Arrangements have been made to
give canoe tests to all women stu
dents who wish to take canoes out on
Lagunita. The passing of this test
is required of all women registered
in the University before they are al
lowed on the lake and this year the
rule will he strictly enforced.
The test usually consists of a tak
ing a canoe a designated (distance
from land, turning it over and bring
ing the canoe to shore. The method
has been modified to a certain extent
this year and the women will report
at Roble Gymnasium instead of at
Lagunita for the test. The require
ments this year will consist of swim
ming six lengths of the Roble pool
without touching at either end in
turning, and paddling a certain dis
tance on the lake under supervision
to demonstrate the ability to handle
a canoe.
All those who wish to take the testa
should see Miss Bunting as soon as
possible for an appointment.
Arrangements have been made to
give canoe tests to all women stu
dents who wish to take canoes out on
Lagunita. The passing of this test
is required of all women registered
in the University before they are al
lowed on the lake and this year the
rule will he strictly enforced.
The test usually consists of a tak
ing a canoe a designated (distance
from land, turning it over and bring
ing the canoe to shore. The method
has been modified to a certain extent
this year and the women will report
at Roble Gymnasium instead of at
Lagunita for the test. The require
ments this year will consist of swim
ming six lengths of the Roble pool
without touching at either end in
turning, and paddling a certain dis
tance on the lake under supervision
to demonstrate the ability to handle
a canoe.
All those who wish to take the testa
should see Miss Bunting as soon as
possible for an appointment.
Arrangements have been made to
give canoe tests to all women stu
dents who wish to take canoes out on
Lagunita. The passing of this test
is required of all women registered
in the University before they are al
lowed on the lake and this year the
rule will he strictly enforced.
The test usually consists of a tak
ing a canoe a designated (distance
from land, turning it over and bring
ing the canoe to shore. The method
has been modified to a certain extent
this year and the women will report
at Roble Gymnasium instead of at
Lagunita for the test. The require
ments this year will consist of swim
ming six lengths of the Roble pool
without touching at either end in
turning, and paddling a certain dis
tance on the lake under supervision
to demonstrate the ability to handle
a canoe.
All those who wish to take the testa
should see Miss Bunting as soon as
possible for an appointment.
