# Adv. 5 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
Somehow, the ap
proaching weekend
puts one in mind of
jackets. And if you’re
of a mind, R A is the
place to visit for the
best selection of styles
and prices you'll see
anywhere. Example?
Our quilted nylon ski
jacket, warm and
easy-fitting for real
comfort. Reversible
too—black to blue,
black to olive. Great
for now, for the snow
country later.
19.95 and 22.95.
ROOS/AT^INS
INDIANS
Somehow, the ap
proaching weekend
puts one in mind of
jackets. And if you’re
of a mind, R A is the
place to visit for the
best selection of styles
and prices you'll see
anywhere. Example?
Our quilted nylon ski
jacket, warm and
easy-fitting for real
comfort. Reversible
too—black to blue,
black to olive. Great
for now, for the snow
country later.
19.95 and 22.95.
ROOS/AT^INS
INDIANS
Somehow, the ap
proaching weekend
puts one in mind of
jackets. And if you’re
of a mind, R A is the
place to visit for the
best selection of styles
and prices you'll see
anywhere. Example?
Our quilted nylon ski
jacket, warm and
easy-fitting for real
comfort. Reversible
too—black to blue,
black to olive. Great
for now, for the snow
country later.
19.95 and 22.95.
ROOS/AT^INS
INDIANS
Somehow, the ap
proaching weekend
puts one in mind of
jackets. And if you’re
of a mind, R A is the
place to visit for the
best selection of styles
and prices you'll see
anywhere. Example?
Our quilted nylon ski
jacket, warm and
easy-fitting for real
comfort. Reversible
too—black to blue,
black to olive. Great
for now, for the snow
country later.
19.95 and 22.95.
ROOS/AT^INS
INDIANS
Somehow, the ap
proaching weekend
puts one in mind of
jackets. And if you’re
of a mind, R A is the
place to visit for the
best selection of styles
and prices you'll see
anywhere. Example?
Our quilted nylon ski
jacket, warm and
easy-fitting for real
comfort. Reversible
too—black to blue,
black to olive. Great
for now, for the snow
country later.
19.95 and 22.95.
ROOS/AT^INS
INDIANS
Somehow, the ap
proaching weekend
puts one in mind of
jackets. And if you’re
of a mind, R A is the
place to visit for the
best selection of styles
and prices you'll see
anywhere. Example?
Our quilted nylon ski
jacket, warm and
easy-fitting for real
comfort. Reversible
too—black to blue,
black to olive. Great
for now, for the snow
country later.
19.95 and 22.95.
ROOS/AT^INS
INDIANS
Somehow, the ap
proaching weekend
puts one in mind of
jackets. And if you’re
of a mind, R A is the
place to visit for the
best selection of styles
and prices you'll see
anywhere. Example?
Our quilted nylon ski
jacket, warm and
easy-fitting for real
comfort. Reversible
too—black to blue,
black to olive. Great
for now, for the snow
country later.
19.95 and 22.95.
ROOS/AT^INS
INDIANS
Somehow, the ap
proaching weekend
puts one in mind of
jackets. And if you’re
of a mind, R A is the
place to visit for the
best selection of styles
and prices you'll see
anywhere. Example?
Our quilted nylon ski
jacket, warm and
easy-fitting for real
comfort. Reversible
too—black to blue,
black to olive. Great
for now, for the snow
country later.
19.95 and 22.95.
ROOS/AT^INS
INDIANS
Somehow, the ap
proaching weekend
puts one in mind of
jackets. And if you’re
of a mind, R A is the
place to visit for the
best selection of styles
and prices you'll see
anywhere. Example?
Our quilted nylon ski
jacket, warm and
easy-fitting for real
comfort. Reversible
too—black to blue,
black to olive. Great
for now, for the snow
country later.
19.95 and 22.95.
ROOS/AT^INS
INDIANS
Somehow, the ap
proaching weekend
puts one in mind of
jackets. And if you’re
of a mind, R A is the
place to visit for the
best selection of styles
and prices you'll see
anywhere. Example?
Our quilted nylon ski
jacket, warm and
easy-fitting for real
comfort. Reversible
too—black to blue,
black to olive. Great
for now, for the snow
country later.
19.95 and 22.95.
ROOS/AT^INS
INDIANS
Somehow, the ap
proaching weekend
puts one in mind of
jackets. And if you’re
of a mind, R A is the
place to visit for the
best selection of styles
and prices you'll see
anywhere. Example?
Our quilted nylon ski
jacket, warm and
easy-fitting for real
comfort. Reversible
too—black to blue,
black to olive. Great
for now, for the snow
country later.
19.95 and 22.95.
ROOS/AT^INS
INDIANS
Somehow, the ap
proaching weekend
puts one in mind of
jackets. And if you’re
of a mind, R A is the
place to visit for the
best selection of styles
and prices you'll see
anywhere. Example?
Our quilted nylon ski
jacket, warm and
easy-fitting for real
comfort. Reversible
too—black to blue,
black to olive. Great
for now, for the snow
country later.
19.95 and 22.95.
ROOS/AT^INS
INDIANS
Somehow, the ap
proaching weekend
puts one in mind of
jackets. And if you’re
of a mind, R A is the
place to visit for the
best selection of styles
and prices you'll see
anywhere. Example?
Our quilted nylon ski
jacket, warm and
easy-fitting for real
comfort. Reversible
too—black to blue,
black to olive. Great
for now, for the snow
country later.
19.95 and 22.95.
ROOS/AT^INS
INDIANS
Somehow, the ap
proaching weekend
puts one in mind of
jackets. And if you’re
of a mind, R A is the
place to visit for the
best selection of styles
and prices you'll see
anywhere. Example?
Our quilted nylon ski
jacket, warm and
easy-fitting for real
comfort. Reversible
too—black to blue,
black to olive. Great
for now, for the snow
country later.
19.95 and 22.95.
ROOS/AT^INS
INDIANS
Somehow, the ap
proaching weekend
puts one in mind of
jackets. And if you’re
of a mind, R A is the
place to visit for the
best selection of styles
and prices you'll see
anywhere. Example?
Our quilted nylon ski
jacket, warm and
easy-fitting for real
comfort. Reversible
too—black to blue,
black to olive. Great
for now, for the snow
country later.
19.95 and 22.95.
ROOS/AT^INS
INDIANS
Somehow, the ap
proaching weekend
puts one in mind of
jackets. And if you’re
of a mind, R A is the
place to visit for the
best selection of styles
and prices you'll see
anywhere. Example?
Our quilted nylon ski
jacket, warm and
easy-fitting for real
comfort. Reversible
too—black to blue,
black to olive. Great
for now, for the snow
country later.
19.95 and 22.95.
ROOS/AT^INS
INDIANS
Somehow, the ap
proaching weekend
puts one in mind of
jackets. And if you’re
of a mind, R A is the
place to visit for the
best selection of styles
and prices you'll see
anywhere. Example?
Our quilted nylon ski
jacket, warm and
easy-fitting for real
comfort. Reversible
too—black to blue,
black to olive. Great
for now, for the snow
country later.
19.95 and 22.95.
ROOS/AT^INS
