# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Correspondents for off-campus
publications are asked by Profes
sor Everett W. Smith to register
with him as soon as possible, giv
ing their address and telephone
number. This insures immediate
notice if anything of importance
turns up.
Correspondents for off-campus
publications are asked by Profes
sor Everett W. Smith to register
with him as soon as possible, giv
ing their address and telephone
number. This insures immediate
notice if anything of importance
turns up.
Correspondents for off-campus
publications are asked by Profes
sor Everett W. Smith to register
with him as soon as possible, giv
ing their address and telephone
number. This insures immediate
notice if anything of importance
turns up.
Correspondents for off-campus
publications are asked by Profes
sor Everett W. Smith to register
with him as soon as possible, giv
ing their address and telephone
number. This insures immediate
notice if anything of importance
turns up.
Correspondents for off-campus
publications are asked by Profes
sor Everett W. Smith to register
with him as soon as possible, giv
ing their address and telephone
number. This insures immediate
notice if anything of importance
turns up.
Correspondents for off-campus
publications are asked by Profes
sor Everett W. Smith to register
with him as soon as possible, giv
ing their address and telephone
number. This insures immediate
notice if anything of importance
turns up.
Correspondents for off-campus
publications are asked by Profes
sor Everett W. Smith to register
with him as soon as possible, giv
ing their address and telephone
number. This insures immediate
notice if anything of importance
turns up.
Correspondents for off-campus
publications are asked by Profes
sor Everett W. Smith to register
with him as soon as possible, giv
ing their address and telephone
number. This insures immediate
notice if anything of importance
turns up.
Correspondents for off-campus
publications are asked by Profes
sor Everett W. Smith to register
with him as soon as possible, giv
ing their address and telephone
number. This insures immediate
notice if anything of importance
turns up.
Correspondents for off-campus
publications are asked by Profes
sor Everett W. Smith to register
with him as soon as possible, giv
ing their address and telephone
number. This insures immediate
notice if anything of importance
turns up.
Correspondents for off-campus
publications are asked by Profes
sor Everett W. Smith to register
with him as soon as possible, giv
ing their address and telephone
number. This insures immediate
notice if anything of importance
turns up.
Correspondents for off-campus
publications are asked by Profes
sor Everett W. Smith to register
with him as soon as possible, giv
ing their address and telephone
number. This insures immediate
notice if anything of importance
turns up.
Correspondents for off-campus
publications are asked by Profes
sor Everett W. Smith to register
with him as soon as possible, giv
ing their address and telephone
number. This insures immediate
notice if anything of importance
turns up.
Correspondents for off-campus
publications are asked by Profes
sor Everett W. Smith to register
with him as soon as possible, giv
ing their address and telephone
number. This insures immediate
notice if anything of importance
turns up.
Correspondents for off-campus
publications are asked by Profes
sor Everett W. Smith to register
with him as soon as possible, giv
ing their address and telephone
number. This insures immediate
notice if anything of importance
turns up.
