# STANFORD BAND RETURNS FROM SUCCESSFUL TRIP
## 
### 
The Stanford band returned last Fri
day after a most successful tour ot
Southern California. The band playen
at the Stanford Club, Harvard Mili
tary Academy, Whittier, Fullerton,
Hollywood and Orange high schools,
Beverly Hills Hotel, and the Hotel
Green in Pasadena.
The players were given a royal re
ception everywhere and urgently re
quested to "call again." At the Manual
Arts High School of Los Angeles the
band played to an audience of over
two thousand.
The Stanford band returned last Fri
day after a most successful tour ot
Southern California. The band playen
at the Stanford Club, Harvard Mili
tary Academy, Whittier, Fullerton,
Hollywood and Orange high schools,
Beverly Hills Hotel, and the Hotel
Green in Pasadena.
The players were given a royal re
ception everywhere and urgently re
quested to "call again." At the Manual
Arts High School of Los Angeles the
band played to an audience of over
two thousand.
The Stanford band returned last Fri
day after a most successful tour ot
Southern California. The band playen
at the Stanford Club, Harvard Mili
tary Academy, Whittier, Fullerton,
Hollywood and Orange high schools,
Beverly Hills Hotel, and the Hotel
Green in Pasadena.
The players were given a royal re
ception everywhere and urgently re
quested to "call again." At the Manual
Arts High School of Los Angeles the
band played to an audience of over
two thousand.
The Stanford band returned last Fri
day after a most successful tour ot
Southern California. The band playen
at the Stanford Club, Harvard Mili
tary Academy, Whittier, Fullerton,
Hollywood and Orange high schools,
Beverly Hills Hotel, and the Hotel
Green in Pasadena.
The players were given a royal re
ception everywhere and urgently re
quested to "call again." At the Manual
Arts High School of Los Angeles the
band played to an audience of over
two thousand.
The Stanford band returned last Fri
day after a most successful tour ot
Southern California. The band playen
at the Stanford Club, Harvard Mili
tary Academy, Whittier, Fullerton,
Hollywood and Orange high schools,
Beverly Hills Hotel, and the Hotel
Green in Pasadena.
The players were given a royal re
ception everywhere and urgently re
quested to "call again." At the Manual
Arts High School of Los Angeles the
band played to an audience of over
two thousand.
The Stanford band returned last Fri
day after a most successful tour ot
Southern California. The band playen
at the Stanford Club, Harvard Mili
tary Academy, Whittier, Fullerton,
Hollywood and Orange high schools,
Beverly Hills Hotel, and the Hotel
Green in Pasadena.
The players were given a royal re
ception everywhere and urgently re
quested to "call again." At the Manual
Arts High School of Los Angeles the
band played to an audience of over
two thousand.
The Stanford band returned last Fri
day after a most successful tour ot
Southern California. The band playen
at the Stanford Club, Harvard Mili
tary Academy, Whittier, Fullerton,
Hollywood and Orange high schools,
Beverly Hills Hotel, and the Hotel
Green in Pasadena.
The players were given a royal re
ception everywhere and urgently re
quested to "call again." At the Manual
Arts High School of Los Angeles the
band played to an audience of over
two thousand.
The Stanford band returned last Fri
day after a most successful tour ot
Southern California. The band playen
at the Stanford Club, Harvard Mili
tary Academy, Whittier, Fullerton,
Hollywood and Orange high schools,
Beverly Hills Hotel, and the Hotel
Green in Pasadena.
The players were given a royal re
ception everywhere and urgently re
quested to "call again." At the Manual
Arts High School of Los Angeles the
band played to an audience of over
two thousand.
The Stanford band returned last Fri
day after a most successful tour ot
Southern California. The band playen
at the Stanford Club, Harvard Mili
tary Academy, Whittier, Fullerton,
Hollywood and Orange high schools,
Beverly Hills Hotel, and the Hotel
Green in Pasadena.
The players were given a royal re
ception everywhere and urgently re
quested to "call again." At the Manual
Arts High School of Los Angeles the
band played to an audience of over
two thousand.
The Stanford band returned last Fri
day after a most successful tour ot
Southern California. The band playen
at the Stanford Club, Harvard Mili
tary Academy, Whittier, Fullerton,
Hollywood and Orange high schools,
Beverly Hills Hotel, and the Hotel
Green in Pasadena.
The players were given a royal re
ception everywhere and urgently re
quested to "call again." At the Manual
Arts High School of Los Angeles the
band played to an audience of over
two thousand.
The Stanford band returned last Fri
day after a most successful tour ot
Southern California. The band playen
at the Stanford Club, Harvard Mili
tary Academy, Whittier, Fullerton,
Hollywood and Orange high schools,
Beverly Hills Hotel, and the Hotel
Green in Pasadena.
The players were given a royal re
ception everywhere and urgently re
quested to "call again." At the Manual
Arts High School of Los Angeles the
band played to an audience of over
two thousand.
The Stanford band returned last Fri
day after a most successful tour ot
Southern California. The band playen
at the Stanford Club, Harvard Mili
tary Academy, Whittier, Fullerton,
Hollywood and Orange high schools,
Beverly Hills Hotel, and the Hotel
Green in Pasadena.
The players were given a royal re
ception everywhere and urgently re
quested to "call again." At the Manual
Arts High School of Los Angeles the
band played to an audience of over
two thousand.
The Stanford band returned last Fri
day after a most successful tour ot
Southern California. The band playen
at the Stanford Club, Harvard Mili
tary Academy, Whittier, Fullerton,
Hollywood and Orange high schools,
Beverly Hills Hotel, and the Hotel
Green in Pasadena.
The players were given a royal re
ception everywhere and urgently re
quested to "call again." At the Manual
Arts High School of Los Angeles the
band played to an audience of over
two thousand.
The Stanford band returned last Fri
day after a most successful tour ot
Southern California. The band playen
at the Stanford Club, Harvard Mili
tary Academy, Whittier, Fullerton,
Hollywood and Orange high schools,
Beverly Hills Hotel, and the Hotel
Green in Pasadena.
The players were given a royal re
ception everywhere and urgently re
quested to "call again." At the Manual
Arts High School of Los Angeles the
band played to an audience of over
two thousand.
