# EVERYBODY IN THE CITY
## 
### 
In 1940 when the last census was
taken 52 per cent of the population
of the United States lived in cities.
In 1940 when the last census was
taken 52 per cent of the population
of the United States lived in cities.
In 1940 when the last census was
taken 52 per cent of the population
of the United States lived in cities.
In 1940 when the last census was
taken 52 per cent of the population
of the United States lived in cities.
In 1940 when the last census was
taken 52 per cent of the population
of the United States lived in cities.
In 1940 when the last census was
taken 52 per cent of the population
of the United States lived in cities.
In 1940 when the last census was
taken 52 per cent of the population
of the United States lived in cities.
In 1940 when the last census was
taken 52 per cent of the population
of the United States lived in cities.
In 1940 when the last census was
taken 52 per cent of the population
of the United States lived in cities.
In 1940 when the last census was
taken 52 per cent of the population
of the United States lived in cities.
In 1940 when the last census was
taken 52 per cent of the population
of the United States lived in cities.
In 1940 when the last census was
taken 52 per cent of the population
of the United States lived in cities.
In 1940 when the last census was
taken 52 per cent of the population
of the United States lived in cities.
In 1940 when the last census was
taken 52 per cent of the population
of the United States lived in cities.
In 1940 when the last census was
taken 52 per cent of the population
of the United States lived in cities.
In 1940 when the last census was
taken 52 per cent of the population
of the United States lived in cities.
