# 'Black Magic' Haunts Farm Tomorrow
## 
### 
Tomorrow night Lagunita and
Union will present their "Black
Magic" formal from 9 to 1 p.m. in
the women's gym, according to the
dance chairman.
The formal will feature music by
Art Weidner and his orchestra, and
will have a theme exemplified by
witches and brooms, "gruesome
grottoes," ghost huts, spiders and
their webs, and mysterious black
and silver lighting effects.
Tickets are on sale to the whole
campus at the A.S.S.U. office for
$2.00 each.
Dr. and Mrs. John Stalnaker are
among the patrons for the dance.
Refreshments will be served and
will consist of punch, sandwiches,
cakes and cookies.
Tomorrow night Lagunita and
Union will present their "Black
Magic" formal from 9 to 1 p.m. in
the women's gym, according to the
dance chairman.
The formal will feature music by
Art Weidner and his orchestra, and
will have a theme exemplified by
witches and brooms, "gruesome
grottoes," ghost huts, spiders and
their webs, and mysterious black
and silver lighting effects.
Tickets are on sale to the whole
campus at the A.S.S.U. office for
$2.00 each.
Dr. and Mrs. John Stalnaker are
among the patrons for the dance.
Refreshments will be served and
will consist of punch, sandwiches,
cakes and cookies.
Tomorrow night Lagunita and
Union will present their "Black
Magic" formal from 9 to 1 p.m. in
the women's gym, according to the
dance chairman.
The formal will feature music by
Art Weidner and his orchestra, and
will have a theme exemplified by
witches and brooms, "gruesome
grottoes," ghost huts, spiders and
their webs, and mysterious black
and silver lighting effects.
Tickets are on sale to the whole
campus at the A.S.S.U. office for
$2.00 each.
Dr. and Mrs. John Stalnaker are
among the patrons for the dance.
Refreshments will be served and
will consist of punch, sandwiches,
cakes and cookies.
Tomorrow night Lagunita and
Union will present their "Black
Magic" formal from 9 to 1 p.m. in
the women's gym, according to the
dance chairman.
The formal will feature music by
Art Weidner and his orchestra, and
will have a theme exemplified by
witches and brooms, "gruesome
grottoes," ghost huts, spiders and
their webs, and mysterious black
and silver lighting effects.
Tickets are on sale to the whole
campus at the A.S.S.U. office for
$2.00 each.
Dr. and Mrs. John Stalnaker are
among the patrons for the dance.
Refreshments will be served and
will consist of punch, sandwiches,
cakes and cookies.
Tomorrow night Lagunita and
Union will present their "Black
Magic" formal from 9 to 1 p.m. in
the women's gym, according to the
dance chairman.
The formal will feature music by
Art Weidner and his orchestra, and
will have a theme exemplified by
witches and brooms, "gruesome
grottoes," ghost huts, spiders and
their webs, and mysterious black
and silver lighting effects.
Tickets are on sale to the whole
campus at the A.S.S.U. office for
$2.00 each.
Dr. and Mrs. John Stalnaker are
among the patrons for the dance.
Refreshments will be served and
will consist of punch, sandwiches,
cakes and cookies.
Tomorrow night Lagunita and
Union will present their "Black
Magic" formal from 9 to 1 p.m. in
the women's gym, according to the
dance chairman.
The formal will feature music by
Art Weidner and his orchestra, and
will have a theme exemplified by
witches and brooms, "gruesome
grottoes," ghost huts, spiders and
their webs, and mysterious black
and silver lighting effects.
Tickets are on sale to the whole
campus at the A.S.S.U. office for
$2.00 each.
Dr. and Mrs. John Stalnaker are
among the patrons for the dance.
Refreshments will be served and
will consist of punch, sandwiches,
cakes and cookies.
Tomorrow night Lagunita and
Union will present their "Black
Magic" formal from 9 to 1 p.m. in
the women's gym, according to the
dance chairman.
The formal will feature music by
Art Weidner and his orchestra, and
will have a theme exemplified by
witches and brooms, "gruesome
grottoes," ghost huts, spiders and
their webs, and mysterious black
and silver lighting effects.
Tickets are on sale to the whole
campus at the A.S.S.U. office for
$2.00 each.
Dr. and Mrs. John Stalnaker are
among the patrons for the dance.
Refreshments will be served and
will consist of punch, sandwiches,
cakes and cookies.
Tomorrow night Lagunita and
Union will present their "Black
Magic" formal from 9 to 1 p.m. in
the women's gym, according to the
dance chairman.
The formal will feature music by
Art Weidner and his orchestra, and
will have a theme exemplified by
witches and brooms, "gruesome
grottoes," ghost huts, spiders and
their webs, and mysterious black
and silver lighting effects.
Tickets are on sale to the whole
campus at the A.S.S.U. office for
$2.00 each.
Dr. and Mrs. John Stalnaker are
among the patrons for the dance.
Refreshments will be served and
will consist of punch, sandwiches,
cakes and cookies.
Tomorrow night Lagunita and
Union will present their "Black
Magic" formal from 9 to 1 p.m. in
the women's gym, according to the
dance chairman.
The formal will feature music by
Art Weidner and his orchestra, and
will have a theme exemplified by
witches and brooms, "gruesome
grottoes," ghost huts, spiders and
their webs, and mysterious black
and silver lighting effects.
Tickets are on sale to the whole
campus at the A.S.S.U. office for
$2.00 each.
Dr. and Mrs. John Stalnaker are
among the patrons for the dance.
Refreshments will be served and
will consist of punch, sandwiches,
cakes and cookies.
Tomorrow night Lagunita and
Union will present their "Black
Magic" formal from 9 to 1 p.m. in
the women's gym, according to the
dance chairman.
The formal will feature music by
Art Weidner and his orchestra, and
will have a theme exemplified by
witches and brooms, "gruesome
grottoes," ghost huts, spiders and
their webs, and mysterious black
and silver lighting effects.
Tickets are on sale to the whole
campus at the A.S.S.U. office for
$2.00 each.
Dr. and Mrs. John Stalnaker are
among the patrons for the dance.
Refreshments will be served and
will consist of punch, sandwiches,
cakes and cookies.
Tomorrow night Lagunita and
Union will present their "Black
Magic" formal from 9 to 1 p.m. in
the women's gym, according to the
dance chairman.
The formal will feature music by
Art Weidner and his orchestra, and
will have a theme exemplified by
witches and brooms, "gruesome
grottoes," ghost huts, spiders and
their webs, and mysterious black
and silver lighting effects.
Tickets are on sale to the whole
campus at the A.S.S.U. office for
$2.00 each.
Dr. and Mrs. John Stalnaker are
among the patrons for the dance.
Refreshments will be served and
will consist of punch, sandwiches,
cakes and cookies.
Tomorrow night Lagunita and
Union will present their "Black
Magic" formal from 9 to 1 p.m. in
the women's gym, according to the
dance chairman.
The formal will feature music by
Art Weidner and his orchestra, and
will have a theme exemplified by
witches and brooms, "gruesome
grottoes," ghost huts, spiders and
their webs, and mysterious black
and silver lighting effects.
Tickets are on sale to the whole
campus at the A.S.S.U. office for
$2.00 each.
Dr. and Mrs. John Stalnaker are
among the patrons for the dance.
Refreshments will be served and
will consist of punch, sandwiches,
cakes and cookies.
Tomorrow night Lagunita and
Union will present their "Black
Magic" formal from 9 to 1 p.m. in
the women's gym, according to the
dance chairman.
The formal will feature music by
Art Weidner and his orchestra, and
will have a theme exemplified by
witches and brooms, "gruesome
grottoes," ghost huts, spiders and
their webs, and mysterious black
and silver lighting effects.
Tickets are on sale to the whole
campus at the A.S.S.U. office for
$2.00 each.
Dr. and Mrs. John Stalnaker are
among the patrons for the dance.
Refreshments will be served and
will consist of punch, sandwiches,
cakes and cookies.
Tomorrow night Lagunita and
Union will present their "Black
Magic" formal from 9 to 1 p.m. in
the women's gym, according to the
dance chairman.
The formal will feature music by
Art Weidner and his orchestra, and
will have a theme exemplified by
witches and brooms, "gruesome
grottoes," ghost huts, spiders and
their webs, and mysterious black
and silver lighting effects.
Tickets are on sale to the whole
campus at the A.S.S.U. office for
$2.00 each.
Dr. and Mrs. John Stalnaker are
among the patrons for the dance.
Refreshments will be served and
will consist of punch, sandwiches,
cakes and cookies.
Tomorrow night Lagunita and
Union will present their "Black
Magic" formal from 9 to 1 p.m. in
the women's gym, according to the
dance chairman.
The formal will feature music by
Art Weidner and his orchestra, and
will have a theme exemplified by
witches and brooms, "gruesome
grottoes," ghost huts, spiders and
their webs, and mysterious black
and silver lighting effects.
Tickets are on sale to the whole
campus at the A.S.S.U. office for
$2.00 each.
Dr. and Mrs. John Stalnaker are
among the patrons for the dance.
Refreshments will be served and
will consist of punch, sandwiches,
cakes and cookies.
Tomorrow night Lagunita and
Union will present their "Black
Magic" formal from 9 to 1 p.m. in
the women's gym, according to the
dance chairman.
The formal will feature music by
Art Weidner and his orchestra, and
will have a theme exemplified by
witches and brooms, "gruesome
grottoes," ghost huts, spiders and
their webs, and mysterious black
and silver lighting effects.
Tickets are on sale to the whole
campus at the A.S.S.U. office for
$2.00 each.
Dr. and Mrs. John Stalnaker are
among the patrons for the dance.
Refreshments will be served and
will consist of punch, sandwiches,
cakes and cookies.
