# AUTOS SCRAPPED
## 
### 
American automobiles arc being
scrapped at the rate of 150,000
monthly.
American automobiles arc being
scrapped at the rate of 150,000
monthly.
American automobiles arc being
scrapped at the rate of 150,000
monthly.
American automobiles arc being
scrapped at the rate of 150,000
monthly.
American automobiles arc being
scrapped at the rate of 150,000
monthly.
American automobiles arc being
scrapped at the rate of 150,000
monthly.
American automobiles arc being
scrapped at the rate of 150,000
monthly.
American automobiles arc being
scrapped at the rate of 150,000
monthly.
American automobiles arc being
scrapped at the rate of 150,000
monthly.
American automobiles arc being
scrapped at the rate of 150,000
monthly.
American automobiles arc being
scrapped at the rate of 150,000
monthly.
American automobiles arc being
scrapped at the rate of 150,000
monthly.
American automobiles arc being
scrapped at the rate of 150,000
monthly.
American automobiles arc being
scrapped at the rate of 150,000
monthly.
American automobiles arc being
scrapped at the rate of 150,000
monthly.
American automobiles arc being
scrapped at the rate of 150,000
monthly.
