# Concert Tryoutee Meet Announced
## 
### 
Jo Gla.sson, concert manager, has
announced that there will be a try
outec meeting Monday at 4 p.m. in
the concert series oflice for ushers
and assistant managers for the con
certs.
This is especially for students who
have been helping in the office this
quarter and wish to usher or bccome
assistant concert managers. Also this
is an opportunity for anyone espe
cially interested in this work to show
up for assignments.
Jo Gla.sson, concert manager, has
announced that there will be a try
outec meeting Monday at 4 p.m. in
the concert series oflice for ushers
and assistant managers for the con
certs.
This is especially for students who
have been helping in the office this
quarter and wish to usher or bccome
assistant concert managers. Also this
is an opportunity for anyone espe
cially interested in this work to show
up for assignments.
Jo Gla.sson, concert manager, has
announced that there will be a try
outec meeting Monday at 4 p.m. in
the concert series oflice for ushers
and assistant managers for the con
certs.
This is especially for students who
have been helping in the office this
quarter and wish to usher or bccome
assistant concert managers. Also this
is an opportunity for anyone espe
cially interested in this work to show
up for assignments.
Jo Gla.sson, concert manager, has
announced that there will be a try
outec meeting Monday at 4 p.m. in
the concert series oflice for ushers
and assistant managers for the con
certs.
This is especially for students who
have been helping in the office this
quarter and wish to usher or bccome
assistant concert managers. Also this
is an opportunity for anyone espe
cially interested in this work to show
up for assignments.
Jo Gla.sson, concert manager, has
announced that there will be a try
outec meeting Monday at 4 p.m. in
the concert series oflice for ushers
and assistant managers for the con
certs.
This is especially for students who
have been helping in the office this
quarter and wish to usher or bccome
assistant concert managers. Also this
is an opportunity for anyone espe
cially interested in this work to show
up for assignments.
Jo Gla.sson, concert manager, has
announced that there will be a try
outec meeting Monday at 4 p.m. in
the concert series oflice for ushers
and assistant managers for the con
certs.
This is especially for students who
have been helping in the office this
quarter and wish to usher or bccome
assistant concert managers. Also this
is an opportunity for anyone espe
cially interested in this work to show
up for assignments.
Jo Gla.sson, concert manager, has
announced that there will be a try
outec meeting Monday at 4 p.m. in
the concert series oflice for ushers
and assistant managers for the con
certs.
This is especially for students who
have been helping in the office this
quarter and wish to usher or bccome
assistant concert managers. Also this
is an opportunity for anyone espe
cially interested in this work to show
up for assignments.
Jo Gla.sson, concert manager, has
announced that there will be a try
outec meeting Monday at 4 p.m. in
the concert series oflice for ushers
and assistant managers for the con
certs.
This is especially for students who
have been helping in the office this
quarter and wish to usher or bccome
assistant concert managers. Also this
is an opportunity for anyone espe
cially interested in this work to show
up for assignments.
Jo Gla.sson, concert manager, has
announced that there will be a try
outec meeting Monday at 4 p.m. in
the concert series oflice for ushers
and assistant managers for the con
certs.
This is especially for students who
have been helping in the office this
quarter and wish to usher or bccome
assistant concert managers. Also this
is an opportunity for anyone espe
cially interested in this work to show
up for assignments.
Jo Gla.sson, concert manager, has
announced that there will be a try
outec meeting Monday at 4 p.m. in
the concert series oflice for ushers
and assistant managers for the con
certs.
This is especially for students who
have been helping in the office this
quarter and wish to usher or bccome
assistant concert managers. Also this
is an opportunity for anyone espe
cially interested in this work to show
up for assignments.
Jo Gla.sson, concert manager, has
announced that there will be a try
outec meeting Monday at 4 p.m. in
the concert series oflice for ushers
and assistant managers for the con
certs.
This is especially for students who
have been helping in the office this
quarter and wish to usher or bccome
assistant concert managers. Also this
is an opportunity for anyone espe
cially interested in this work to show
up for assignments.
Jo Gla.sson, concert manager, has
announced that there will be a try
outec meeting Monday at 4 p.m. in
the concert series oflice for ushers
and assistant managers for the con
certs.
This is especially for students who
have been helping in the office this
quarter and wish to usher or bccome
assistant concert managers. Also this
is an opportunity for anyone espe
cially interested in this work to show
up for assignments.
Jo Gla.sson, concert manager, has
announced that there will be a try
outec meeting Monday at 4 p.m. in
the concert series oflice for ushers
and assistant managers for the con
certs.
This is especially for students who
have been helping in the office this
quarter and wish to usher or bccome
assistant concert managers. Also this
is an opportunity for anyone espe
cially interested in this work to show
up for assignments.
Jo Gla.sson, concert manager, has
announced that there will be a try
outec meeting Monday at 4 p.m. in
the concert series oflice for ushers
and assistant managers for the con
certs.
This is especially for students who
have been helping in the office this
quarter and wish to usher or bccome
assistant concert managers. Also this
is an opportunity for anyone espe
cially interested in this work to show
up for assignments.
Jo Gla.sson, concert manager, has
announced that there will be a try
outec meeting Monday at 4 p.m. in
the concert series oflice for ushers
and assistant managers for the con
certs.
This is especially for students who
have been helping in the office this
quarter and wish to usher or bccome
assistant concert managers. Also this
is an opportunity for anyone espe
cially interested in this work to show
up for assignments.
Jo Gla.sson, concert manager, has
announced that there will be a try
outec meeting Monday at 4 p.m. in
the concert series oflice for ushers
and assistant managers for the con
certs.
This is especially for students who
have been helping in the office this
quarter and wish to usher or bccome
assistant concert managers. Also this
is an opportunity for anyone espe
cially interested in this work to show
up for assignments.
