# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A mistake in the make-up of the
paper last evening caused the omis
sion of any reference to the Sopho
more-Freshman debate try-outs,
although an account was set up.
Complete reviews are published to
day.
A mistake in the make-up of the
paper last evening caused the omis
sion of any reference to the Sopho
more-Freshman debate try-outs,
although an account was set up.
Complete reviews are published to
day.
A mistake in the make-up of the
paper last evening caused the omis
sion of any reference to the Sopho
more-Freshman debate try-outs,
although an account was set up.
Complete reviews are published to
day.
A mistake in the make-up of the
paper last evening caused the omis
sion of any reference to the Sopho
more-Freshman debate try-outs,
although an account was set up.
Complete reviews are published to
day.
A mistake in the make-up of the
paper last evening caused the omis
sion of any reference to the Sopho
more-Freshman debate try-outs,
although an account was set up.
Complete reviews are published to
day.
A mistake in the make-up of the
paper last evening caused the omis
sion of any reference to the Sopho
more-Freshman debate try-outs,
although an account was set up.
Complete reviews are published to
day.
A mistake in the make-up of the
paper last evening caused the omis
sion of any reference to the Sopho
more-Freshman debate try-outs,
although an account was set up.
Complete reviews are published to
day.
