# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The following men have been
initiated into membership in
Delta Sigma Rho:
D. W. Evans, '20
H. A. Fendler, '21
Knox Miller, '23
J. H. Anglim,. '23
The following men have been
initiated into membership in
Delta Sigma Rho:
D. W. Evans, '20
H. A. Fendler, '21
Knox Miller, '23
J. H. Anglim,. '23
The following men have been
initiated into membership in
Delta Sigma Rho:
D. W. Evans, '20
H. A. Fendler, '21
Knox Miller, '23
J. H. Anglim,. '23
The following men have been
initiated into membership in
Delta Sigma Rho:
D. W. Evans, '20
H. A. Fendler, '21
Knox Miller, '23
J. H. Anglim,. '23
The following men have been
initiated into membership in
Delta Sigma Rho:
D. W. Evans, '20
H. A. Fendler, '21
Knox Miller, '23
J. H. Anglim,. '23
The following men have been
initiated into membership in
Delta Sigma Rho:
D. W. Evans, '20
H. A. Fendler, '21
Knox Miller, '23
J. H. Anglim,. '23
The following men have been
initiated into membership in
Delta Sigma Rho:
D. W. Evans, '20
H. A. Fendler, '21
Knox Miller, '23
J. H. Anglim,. '23
The following men have been
initiated into membership in
Delta Sigma Rho:
D. W. Evans, '20
H. A. Fendler, '21
Knox Miller, '23
J. H. Anglim,. '23
The following men have been
initiated into membership in
Delta Sigma Rho:
D. W. Evans, '20
H. A. Fendler, '21
Knox Miller, '23
J. H. Anglim,. '23
The following men have been
initiated into membership in
Delta Sigma Rho:
D. W. Evans, '20
H. A. Fendler, '21
Knox Miller, '23
J. H. Anglim,. '23
The following men have been
initiated into membership in
Delta Sigma Rho:
D. W. Evans, '20
H. A. Fendler, '21
Knox Miller, '23
J. H. Anglim,. '23
The following men have been
initiated into membership in
Delta Sigma Rho:
D. W. Evans, '20
H. A. Fendler, '21
Knox Miller, '23
J. H. Anglim,. '23
The following men have been
initiated into membership in
Delta Sigma Rho:
D. W. Evans, '20
H. A. Fendler, '21
Knox Miller, '23
J. H. Anglim,. '23
The following men have been
initiated into membership in
Delta Sigma Rho:
D. W. Evans, '20
H. A. Fendler, '21
Knox Miller, '23
J. H. Anglim,. '23
