# Professor Ryan Speaks To Electrical Engineers
## 
### 
Professor Harris J. Ryan of the Elec
trical Engineering department ,gave a
demonstration on "High Voltage" at a
regular meeting of the Electrical En
gineering Society, last Friday evening.
A feature of Professor Ryan's experi
ments was the production of a ten-foot
spark from the oscillator. He also ex
plained the various tests on insulators
and demonstrated the use of the Poulsen
arc machine.
This'was the final meeting of the Elec
trical Engineering Society for the win
ter quarter.
Professor Harris J. Ryan of the Elec
trical Engineering department ,gave a
demonstration on "High Voltage" at a
regular meeting of the Electrical En
gineering Society, last Friday evening.
A feature of Professor Ryan's experi
ments was the production of a ten-foot
spark from the oscillator. He also ex
plained the various tests on insulators
and demonstrated the use of the Poulsen
arc machine.
This'was the final meeting of the Elec
trical Engineering Society for the win
ter quarter.
Professor Harris J. Ryan of the Elec
trical Engineering department ,gave a
demonstration on "High Voltage" at a
regular meeting of the Electrical En
gineering Society, last Friday evening.
A feature of Professor Ryan's experi
ments was the production of a ten-foot
spark from the oscillator. He also ex
plained the various tests on insulators
and demonstrated the use of the Poulsen
arc machine.
This'was the final meeting of the Elec
trical Engineering Society for the win
ter quarter.
Professor Harris J. Ryan of the Elec
trical Engineering department ,gave a
demonstration on "High Voltage" at a
regular meeting of the Electrical En
gineering Society, last Friday evening.
A feature of Professor Ryan's experi
ments was the production of a ten-foot
spark from the oscillator. He also ex
plained the various tests on insulators
and demonstrated the use of the Poulsen
arc machine.
This'was the final meeting of the Elec
trical Engineering Society for the win
ter quarter.
Professor Harris J. Ryan of the Elec
trical Engineering department ,gave a
demonstration on "High Voltage" at a
regular meeting of the Electrical En
gineering Society, last Friday evening.
A feature of Professor Ryan's experi
ments was the production of a ten-foot
spark from the oscillator. He also ex
plained the various tests on insulators
and demonstrated the use of the Poulsen
arc machine.
This'was the final meeting of the Elec
trical Engineering Society for the win
ter quarter.
Professor Harris J. Ryan of the Elec
trical Engineering department ,gave a
demonstration on "High Voltage" at a
regular meeting of the Electrical En
gineering Society, last Friday evening.
A feature of Professor Ryan's experi
ments was the production of a ten-foot
spark from the oscillator. He also ex
plained the various tests on insulators
and demonstrated the use of the Poulsen
arc machine.
This'was the final meeting of the Elec
trical Engineering Society for the win
ter quarter.
Professor Harris J. Ryan of the Elec
trical Engineering department ,gave a
demonstration on "High Voltage" at a
regular meeting of the Electrical En
gineering Society, last Friday evening.
A feature of Professor Ryan's experi
ments was the production of a ten-foot
spark from the oscillator. He also ex
plained the various tests on insulators
and demonstrated the use of the Poulsen
arc machine.
This'was the final meeting of the Elec
trical Engineering Society for the win
ter quarter.
Professor Harris J. Ryan of the Elec
trical Engineering department ,gave a
demonstration on "High Voltage" at a
regular meeting of the Electrical En
gineering Society, last Friday evening.
A feature of Professor Ryan's experi
ments was the production of a ten-foot
spark from the oscillator. He also ex
plained the various tests on insulators
and demonstrated the use of the Poulsen
arc machine.
This'was the final meeting of the Elec
trical Engineering Society for the win
ter quarter.
Professor Harris J. Ryan of the Elec
trical Engineering department ,gave a
demonstration on "High Voltage" at a
regular meeting of the Electrical En
gineering Society, last Friday evening.
A feature of Professor Ryan's experi
ments was the production of a ten-foot
spark from the oscillator. He also ex
plained the various tests on insulators
and demonstrated the use of the Poulsen
arc machine.
This'was the final meeting of the Elec
trical Engineering Society for the win
ter quarter.
Professor Harris J. Ryan of the Elec
trical Engineering department ,gave a
demonstration on "High Voltage" at a
regular meeting of the Electrical En
gineering Society, last Friday evening.
A feature of Professor Ryan's experi
ments was the production of a ten-foot
spark from the oscillator. He also ex
plained the various tests on insulators
and demonstrated the use of the Poulsen
arc machine.
This'was the final meeting of the Elec
trical Engineering Society for the win
ter quarter.
Professor Harris J. Ryan of the Elec
trical Engineering department ,gave a
demonstration on "High Voltage" at a
regular meeting of the Electrical En
gineering Society, last Friday evening.
A feature of Professor Ryan's experi
ments was the production of a ten-foot
spark from the oscillator. He also ex
plained the various tests on insulators
and demonstrated the use of the Poulsen
arc machine.
This'was the final meeting of the Elec
trical Engineering Society for the win
ter quarter.
Professor Harris J. Ryan of the Elec
trical Engineering department ,gave a
demonstration on "High Voltage" at a
regular meeting of the Electrical En
gineering Society, last Friday evening.
A feature of Professor Ryan's experi
ments was the production of a ten-foot
spark from the oscillator. He also ex
plained the various tests on insulators
and demonstrated the use of the Poulsen
arc machine.
This'was the final meeting of the Elec
trical Engineering Society for the win
ter quarter.
Professor Harris J. Ryan of the Elec
trical Engineering department ,gave a
demonstration on "High Voltage" at a
regular meeting of the Electrical En
gineering Society, last Friday evening.
A feature of Professor Ryan's experi
ments was the production of a ten-foot
spark from the oscillator. He also ex
plained the various tests on insulators
and demonstrated the use of the Poulsen
arc machine.
This'was the final meeting of the Elec
trical Engineering Society for the win
ter quarter.
Professor Harris J. Ryan of the Elec
trical Engineering department ,gave a
demonstration on "High Voltage" at a
regular meeting of the Electrical En
gineering Society, last Friday evening.
A feature of Professor Ryan's experi
ments was the production of a ten-foot
spark from the oscillator. He also ex
plained the various tests on insulators
and demonstrated the use of the Poulsen
arc machine.
This'was the final meeting of the Elec
trical Engineering Society for the win
ter quarter.
