# Untitled Article
## 
### 
One hundred and fifty men of the
Columbia University College of Phar
macy have organized a battalion and
hospital corps, which will engage in
daily drill together with the Columbia
army division.
One hundred and fifty men of the
Columbia University College of Phar
macy have organized a battalion and
hospital corps, which will engage in
daily drill together with the Columbia
army division.
One hundred and fifty men of the
Columbia University College of Phar
macy have organized a battalion and
hospital corps, which will engage in
daily drill together with the Columbia
army division.
One hundred and fifty men of the
Columbia University College of Phar
macy have organized a battalion and
hospital corps, which will engage in
daily drill together with the Columbia
army division.
One hundred and fifty men of the
Columbia University College of Phar
macy have organized a battalion and
hospital corps, which will engage in
daily drill together with the Columbia
army division.
One hundred and fifty men of the
Columbia University College of Phar
macy have organized a battalion and
hospital corps, which will engage in
daily drill together with the Columbia
army division.
One hundred and fifty men of the
Columbia University College of Phar
macy have organized a battalion and
hospital corps, which will engage in
daily drill together with the Columbia
army division.
One hundred and fifty men of the
Columbia University College of Phar
macy have organized a battalion and
hospital corps, which will engage in
daily drill together with the Columbia
army division.
One hundred and fifty men of the
Columbia University College of Phar
macy have organized a battalion and
hospital corps, which will engage in
daily drill together with the Columbia
army division.
One hundred and fifty men of the
Columbia University College of Phar
macy have organized a battalion and
hospital corps, which will engage in
daily drill together with the Columbia
army division.
One hundred and fifty men of the
Columbia University College of Phar
macy have organized a battalion and
hospital corps, which will engage in
daily drill together with the Columbia
army division.
One hundred and fifty men of the
Columbia University College of Phar
macy have organized a battalion and
hospital corps, which will engage in
daily drill together with the Columbia
army division.
One hundred and fifty men of the
Columbia University College of Phar
macy have organized a battalion and
hospital corps, which will engage in
daily drill together with the Columbia
army division.
One hundred and fifty men of the
Columbia University College of Phar
macy have organized a battalion and
hospital corps, which will engage in
daily drill together with the Columbia
army division.
One hundred and fifty men of the
Columbia University College of Phar
macy have organized a battalion and
hospital corps, which will engage in
daily drill together with the Columbia
army division.
