# L.C. STEARNS, '17, MARRIES MISS LAURA VAN BUREN, U.C., '17
## 
### 
Local members of Sigma Chi were
given a surprise today when L. C.
Stearns, '17, announced that he had
been married yesterday to Miss Laura
Van Buren, a senior at the Univer
sity of California. The marriage was
solemnized at the home of the bride
in Oakland. Miss Vau Buren is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Local members of Sigma Chi were
given a surprise today when L. C.
Stearns, '17, announced that he had
been married yesterday to Miss Laura
Van Buren, a senior at the Univer
sity of California. The marriage was
solemnized at the home of the bride
in Oakland. Miss Vau Buren is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Local members of Sigma Chi were
given a surprise today when L. C.
Stearns, '17, announced that he had
been married yesterday to Miss Laura
Van Buren, a senior at the Univer
sity of California. The marriage was
solemnized at the home of the bride
in Oakland. Miss Vau Buren is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Local members of Sigma Chi were
given a surprise today when L. C.
Stearns, '17, announced that he had
been married yesterday to Miss Laura
Van Buren, a senior at the Univer
sity of California. The marriage was
solemnized at the home of the bride
in Oakland. Miss Vau Buren is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Local members of Sigma Chi were
given a surprise today when L. C.
Stearns, '17, announced that he had
been married yesterday to Miss Laura
Van Buren, a senior at the Univer
sity of California. The marriage was
solemnized at the home of the bride
in Oakland. Miss Vau Buren is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Local members of Sigma Chi were
given a surprise today when L. C.
Stearns, '17, announced that he had
been married yesterday to Miss Laura
Van Buren, a senior at the Univer
sity of California. The marriage was
solemnized at the home of the bride
in Oakland. Miss Vau Buren is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Local members of Sigma Chi were
given a surprise today when L. C.
Stearns, '17, announced that he had
been married yesterday to Miss Laura
Van Buren, a senior at the Univer
sity of California. The marriage was
solemnized at the home of the bride
in Oakland. Miss Vau Buren is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Local members of Sigma Chi were
given a surprise today when L. C.
Stearns, '17, announced that he had
been married yesterday to Miss Laura
Van Buren, a senior at the Univer
sity of California. The marriage was
solemnized at the home of the bride
in Oakland. Miss Vau Buren is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Local members of Sigma Chi were
given a surprise today when L. C.
Stearns, '17, announced that he had
been married yesterday to Miss Laura
Van Buren, a senior at the Univer
sity of California. The marriage was
solemnized at the home of the bride
in Oakland. Miss Vau Buren is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Local members of Sigma Chi were
given a surprise today when L. C.
Stearns, '17, announced that he had
been married yesterday to Miss Laura
Van Buren, a senior at the Univer
sity of California. The marriage was
solemnized at the home of the bride
in Oakland. Miss Vau Buren is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Local members of Sigma Chi were
given a surprise today when L. C.
Stearns, '17, announced that he had
been married yesterday to Miss Laura
Van Buren, a senior at the Univer
sity of California. The marriage was
solemnized at the home of the bride
in Oakland. Miss Vau Buren is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Local members of Sigma Chi were
given a surprise today when L. C.
Stearns, '17, announced that he had
been married yesterday to Miss Laura
Van Buren, a senior at the Univer
sity of California. The marriage was
solemnized at the home of the bride
in Oakland. Miss Vau Buren is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Local members of Sigma Chi were
given a surprise today when L. C.
Stearns, '17, announced that he had
been married yesterday to Miss Laura
Van Buren, a senior at the Univer
sity of California. The marriage was
solemnized at the home of the bride
in Oakland. Miss Vau Buren is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Local members of Sigma Chi were
given a surprise today when L. C.
Stearns, '17, announced that he had
been married yesterday to Miss Laura
Van Buren, a senior at the Univer
sity of California. The marriage was
solemnized at the home of the bride
in Oakland. Miss Vau Buren is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Local members of Sigma Chi were
given a surprise today when L. C.
Stearns, '17, announced that he had
been married yesterday to Miss Laura
Van Buren, a senior at the Univer
sity of California. The marriage was
solemnized at the home of the bride
in Oakland. Miss Vau Buren is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
