# EARTHQUAKKE TRACED TO FAULT IN HILLS BEHIND UNIVERSITY
## 
### 
The fault which caused the
earthquake, left last Sunday all
over the peninsula region, has
been traced by Father J. S.
Ricard, from the record of the
Santa Clara College seismo
graph, and found to be not very
far from here, in the same foot
hills behind the university,
where the fault of the great
quake was. In the Santa Clara
region, persons feeling the shock
reported it to be very slight.
According to the investigation,
the quake increased in intensity
toward the north and people in
several houses along the row re
ported the swinging of pictures,
and the moving of castered fur
niture.
The fault is calculated as al
most sixty miles to the north
west of Santa Clara, where it
has been recorded by the college
instrument.
The fault which caused the
earthquake, left last Sunday all
over the peninsula region, has
been traced by Father J. S.
Ricard, from the record of the
Santa Clara College seismo
graph, and found to be not very
far from here, in the same foot
hills behind the university,
where the fault of the great
quake was. In the Santa Clara
region, persons feeling the shock
reported it to be very slight.
According to the investigation,
the quake increased in intensity
toward the north and people in
several houses along the row re
ported the swinging of pictures,
and the moving of castered fur
niture.
The fault is calculated as al
most sixty miles to the north
west of Santa Clara, where it
has been recorded by the college
instrument.
The fault which caused the
earthquake, left last Sunday all
over the peninsula region, has
been traced by Father J. S.
Ricard, from the record of the
Santa Clara College seismo
graph, and found to be not very
far from here, in the same foot
hills behind the university,
where the fault of the great
quake was. In the Santa Clara
region, persons feeling the shock
reported it to be very slight.
According to the investigation,
the quake increased in intensity
toward the north and people in
several houses along the row re
ported the swinging of pictures,
and the moving of castered fur
niture.
The fault is calculated as al
most sixty miles to the north
west of Santa Clara, where it
has been recorded by the college
instrument.
The fault which caused the
earthquake, left last Sunday all
over the peninsula region, has
been traced by Father J. S.
Ricard, from the record of the
Santa Clara College seismo
graph, and found to be not very
far from here, in the same foot
hills behind the university,
where the fault of the great
quake was. In the Santa Clara
region, persons feeling the shock
reported it to be very slight.
According to the investigation,
the quake increased in intensity
toward the north and people in
several houses along the row re
ported the swinging of pictures,
and the moving of castered fur
niture.
The fault is calculated as al
most sixty miles to the north
west of Santa Clara, where it
has been recorded by the college
instrument.
The fault which caused the
earthquake, left last Sunday all
over the peninsula region, has
been traced by Father J. S.
Ricard, from the record of the
Santa Clara College seismo
graph, and found to be not very
far from here, in the same foot
hills behind the university,
where the fault of the great
quake was. In the Santa Clara
region, persons feeling the shock
reported it to be very slight.
According to the investigation,
the quake increased in intensity
toward the north and people in
several houses along the row re
ported the swinging of pictures,
and the moving of castered fur
niture.
The fault is calculated as al
most sixty miles to the north
west of Santa Clara, where it
has been recorded by the college
instrument.
The fault which caused the
earthquake, left last Sunday all
over the peninsula region, has
been traced by Father J. S.
Ricard, from the record of the
Santa Clara College seismo
graph, and found to be not very
far from here, in the same foot
hills behind the university,
where the fault of the great
quake was. In the Santa Clara
region, persons feeling the shock
reported it to be very slight.
According to the investigation,
the quake increased in intensity
toward the north and people in
several houses along the row re
ported the swinging of pictures,
and the moving of castered fur
niture.
The fault is calculated as al
most sixty miles to the north
west of Santa Clara, where it
has been recorded by the college
instrument.
The fault which caused the
earthquake, left last Sunday all
over the peninsula region, has
been traced by Father J. S.
Ricard, from the record of the
Santa Clara College seismo
graph, and found to be not very
far from here, in the same foot
hills behind the university,
where the fault of the great
quake was. In the Santa Clara
region, persons feeling the shock
reported it to be very slight.
According to the investigation,
the quake increased in intensity
toward the north and people in
several houses along the row re
ported the swinging of pictures,
and the moving of castered fur
niture.
The fault is calculated as al
most sixty miles to the north
west of Santa Clara, where it
has been recorded by the college
instrument.
The fault which caused the
earthquake, left last Sunday all
over the peninsula region, has
been traced by Father J. S.
Ricard, from the record of the
Santa Clara College seismo
graph, and found to be not very
far from here, in the same foot
hills behind the university,
where the fault of the great
quake was. In the Santa Clara
region, persons feeling the shock
reported it to be very slight.
According to the investigation,
the quake increased in intensity
toward the north and people in
several houses along the row re
ported the swinging of pictures,
and the moving of castered fur
niture.
The fault is calculated as al
most sixty miles to the north
west of Santa Clara, where it
has been recorded by the college
instrument.
The fault which caused the
earthquake, left last Sunday all
over the peninsula region, has
been traced by Father J. S.
Ricard, from the record of the
Santa Clara College seismo
graph, and found to be not very
far from here, in the same foot
hills behind the university,
where the fault of the great
quake was. In the Santa Clara
region, persons feeling the shock
reported it to be very slight.
According to the investigation,
the quake increased in intensity
toward the north and people in
several houses along the row re
ported the swinging of pictures,
and the moving of castered fur
niture.
The fault is calculated as al
most sixty miles to the north
west of Santa Clara, where it
has been recorded by the college
instrument.
The fault which caused the
earthquake, left last Sunday all
over the peninsula region, has
been traced by Father J. S.
Ricard, from the record of the
Santa Clara College seismo
graph, and found to be not very
far from here, in the same foot
hills behind the university,
where the fault of the great
quake was. In the Santa Clara
region, persons feeling the shock
reported it to be very slight.
According to the investigation,
the quake increased in intensity
toward the north and people in
several houses along the row re
ported the swinging of pictures,
and the moving of castered fur
niture.
The fault is calculated as al
most sixty miles to the north
west of Santa Clara, where it
has been recorded by the college
instrument.
The fault which caused the
earthquake, left last Sunday all
over the peninsula region, has
been traced by Father J. S.
Ricard, from the record of the
Santa Clara College seismo
graph, and found to be not very
far from here, in the same foot
hills behind the university,
where the fault of the great
quake was. In the Santa Clara
region, persons feeling the shock
reported it to be very slight.
According to the investigation,
the quake increased in intensity
toward the north and people in
several houses along the row re
ported the swinging of pictures,
and the moving of castered fur
niture.
The fault is calculated as al
most sixty miles to the north
west of Santa Clara, where it
has been recorded by the college
instrument.
The fault which caused the
earthquake, left last Sunday all
over the peninsula region, has
been traced by Father J. S.
Ricard, from the record of the
Santa Clara College seismo
graph, and found to be not very
far from here, in the same foot
hills behind the university,
where the fault of the great
quake was. In the Santa Clara
region, persons feeling the shock
reported it to be very slight.
According to the investigation,
the quake increased in intensity
toward the north and people in
several houses along the row re
ported the swinging of pictures,
and the moving of castered fur
niture.
The fault is calculated as al
most sixty miles to the north
west of Santa Clara, where it
has been recorded by the college
instrument.
The fault which caused the
earthquake, left last Sunday all
over the peninsula region, has
been traced by Father J. S.
Ricard, from the record of the
Santa Clara College seismo
graph, and found to be not very
far from here, in the same foot
hills behind the university,
where the fault of the great
quake was. In the Santa Clara
region, persons feeling the shock
reported it to be very slight.
According to the investigation,
the quake increased in intensity
toward the north and people in
several houses along the row re
ported the swinging of pictures,
and the moving of castered fur
niture.
The fault is calculated as al
most sixty miles to the north
west of Santa Clara, where it
has been recorded by the college
instrument.
