# Stand Back!
## 
### 

Dave Lewis lias punt blocked in the middle of an onslaught of
Ifuskie rushers in last year's game with Washington. Stanford lost
41-8 in Seattle. Last Saturday against Illinois I>ewis got off a 57-
yard boot and kept the Illini deep In their own territory all day
with his talenled t<*». He was the number one punter in the nation i
last year.

Dave Lewis lias punt blocked in the middle of an onslaught of
Ifuskie rushers in last year's game with Washington. Stanford lost
41-8 in Seattle. Last Saturday against Illinois I>ewis got off a 57-
yard boot and kept the Illini deep In their own territory all day
with his talenled t<*». He was the number one punter in the nation i
last year.

Dave Lewis lias punt blocked in the middle of an onslaught of
Ifuskie rushers in last year's game with Washington. Stanford lost
41-8 in Seattle. Last Saturday against Illinois I>ewis got off a 57-
yard boot and kept the Illini deep In their own territory all day
with his talenled t<*». He was the number one punter in the nation i
last year.

Dave Lewis lias punt blocked in the middle of an onslaught of
Ifuskie rushers in last year's game with Washington. Stanford lost
41-8 in Seattle. Last Saturday against Illinois I>ewis got off a 57-
yard boot and kept the Illini deep In their own territory all day
with his talenled t<*». He was the number one punter in the nation i
last year.

Dave Lewis lias punt blocked in the middle of an onslaught of
Ifuskie rushers in last year's game with Washington. Stanford lost
41-8 in Seattle. Last Saturday against Illinois I>ewis got off a 57-
yard boot and kept the Illini deep In their own territory all day
with his talenled t<*». He was the number one punter in the nation i
last year.

Dave Lewis lias punt blocked in the middle of an onslaught of
Ifuskie rushers in last year's game with Washington. Stanford lost
41-8 in Seattle. Last Saturday against Illinois I>ewis got off a 57-
yard boot and kept the Illini deep In their own territory all day
with his talenled t<*». He was the number one punter in the nation i
last year.

Dave Lewis lias punt blocked in the middle of an onslaught of
Ifuskie rushers in last year's game with Washington. Stanford lost
41-8 in Seattle. Last Saturday against Illinois I>ewis got off a 57-
yard boot and kept the Illini deep In their own territory all day
with his talenled t<*». He was the number one punter in the nation i
last year.

Dave Lewis lias punt blocked in the middle of an onslaught of
Ifuskie rushers in last year's game with Washington. Stanford lost
41-8 in Seattle. Last Saturday against Illinois I>ewis got off a 57-
yard boot and kept the Illini deep In their own territory all day
with his talenled t<*». He was the number one punter in the nation i
last year.

Dave Lewis lias punt blocked in the middle of an onslaught of
Ifuskie rushers in last year's game with Washington. Stanford lost
41-8 in Seattle. Last Saturday against Illinois I>ewis got off a 57-
yard boot and kept the Illini deep In their own territory all day
with his talenled t<*». He was the number one punter in the nation i
last year.

Dave Lewis lias punt blocked in the middle of an onslaught of
Ifuskie rushers in last year's game with Washington. Stanford lost
41-8 in Seattle. Last Saturday against Illinois I>ewis got off a 57-
yard boot and kept the Illini deep In their own territory all day
with his talenled t<*». He was the number one punter in the nation i
last year.

Dave Lewis lias punt blocked in the middle of an onslaught of
Ifuskie rushers in last year's game with Washington. Stanford lost
41-8 in Seattle. Last Saturday against Illinois I>ewis got off a 57-
yard boot and kept the Illini deep In their own territory all day
with his talenled t<*». He was the number one punter in the nation i
last year.

Dave Lewis lias punt blocked in the middle of an onslaught of
Ifuskie rushers in last year's game with Washington. Stanford lost
41-8 in Seattle. Last Saturday against Illinois I>ewis got off a 57-
yard boot and kept the Illini deep In their own territory all day
with his talenled t<*». He was the number one punter in the nation i
last year.

Dave Lewis lias punt blocked in the middle of an onslaught of
Ifuskie rushers in last year's game with Washington. Stanford lost
41-8 in Seattle. Last Saturday against Illinois I>ewis got off a 57-
yard boot and kept the Illini deep In their own territory all day
with his talenled t<*». He was the number one punter in the nation i
last year.

Dave Lewis lias punt blocked in the middle of an onslaught of
Ifuskie rushers in last year's game with Washington. Stanford lost
41-8 in Seattle. Last Saturday against Illinois I>ewis got off a 57-
yard boot and kept the Illini deep In their own territory all day
with his talenled t<*». He was the number one punter in the nation i
last year.

Dave Lewis lias punt blocked in the middle of an onslaught of
Ifuskie rushers in last year's game with Washington. Stanford lost
41-8 in Seattle. Last Saturday against Illinois I>ewis got off a 57-
yard boot and kept the Illini deep In their own territory all day
with his talenled t<*». He was the number one punter in the nation i
last year.

Dave Lewis lias punt blocked in the middle of an onslaught of
Ifuskie rushers in last year's game with Washington. Stanford lost
41-8 in Seattle. Last Saturday against Illinois I>ewis got off a 57-
yard boot and kept the Illini deep In their own territory all day
with his talenled t<*». He was the number one punter in the nation i
last year.
