# AMERICAN LEGION TO HEAR NOTED SPEAKER
## 
### 
There will be a special meeting of the
Palo Alto Post of the American Legion,
Wednesday evening, at the Base Hos
pital, to which all ex-service men as
well as the regular members arc in
vited. Vice National Commander Lewis,
now a student of vocational training at
Stanford, will address the meeting. It
will convene at the Red Cross Hut at the
Base Hospital, and to facilitate trans
portation the post has arranged for free
' taxi service, which will commence leav
ing the Community Clubhouse at 7:30.
There will also be other entertainment
besides the speech during the evening.
Men wishing to join the American
Legion or renew a lapsed membership
should see Mr. Gilroy in the office of the
Gymnasium from 4 to 6 on Monday,
Wednesday or Friday.
