# Untitled Article
## 
### 

IS HE TOUGH! —Norman S. Standlee of Long Beach. Cal.,
former All-America fullback at Stanford, shows how he'll
Irighten Japs. He's officer candidate at- Camp Davis, N. C.

IS HE TOUGH! —Norman S. Standlee of Long Beach. Cal.,
former All-America fullback at Stanford, shows how he'll
Irighten Japs. He's officer candidate at- Camp Davis, N. C.

IS HE TOUGH! —Norman S. Standlee of Long Beach. Cal.,
former All-America fullback at Stanford, shows how he'll
Irighten Japs. He's officer candidate at- Camp Davis, N. C.

IS HE TOUGH! —Norman S. Standlee of Long Beach. Cal.,
former All-America fullback at Stanford, shows how he'll
Irighten Japs. He's officer candidate at- Camp Davis, N. C.

IS HE TOUGH! —Norman S. Standlee of Long Beach. Cal.,
former All-America fullback at Stanford, shows how he'll
Irighten Japs. He's officer candidate at- Camp Davis, N. C.

IS HE TOUGH! —Norman S. Standlee of Long Beach. Cal.,
former All-America fullback at Stanford, shows how he'll
Irighten Japs. He's officer candidate at- Camp Davis, N. C.

IS HE TOUGH! —Norman S. Standlee of Long Beach. Cal.,
former All-America fullback at Stanford, shows how he'll
Irighten Japs. He's officer candidate at- Camp Davis, N. C.

IS HE TOUGH! —Norman S. Standlee of Long Beach. Cal.,
former All-America fullback at Stanford, shows how he'll
Irighten Japs. He's officer candidate at- Camp Davis, N. C.

IS HE TOUGH! —Norman S. Standlee of Long Beach. Cal.,
former All-America fullback at Stanford, shows how he'll
Irighten Japs. He's officer candidate at- Camp Davis, N. C.

IS HE TOUGH! —Norman S. Standlee of Long Beach. Cal.,
former All-America fullback at Stanford, shows how he'll
Irighten Japs. He's officer candidate at- Camp Davis, N. C.

IS HE TOUGH! —Norman S. Standlee of Long Beach. Cal.,
former All-America fullback at Stanford, shows how he'll
Irighten Japs. He's officer candidate at- Camp Davis, N. C.

IS HE TOUGH! —Norman S. Standlee of Long Beach. Cal.,
former All-America fullback at Stanford, shows how he'll
Irighten Japs. He's officer candidate at- Camp Davis, N. C.

IS HE TOUGH! —Norman S. Standlee of Long Beach. Cal.,
former All-America fullback at Stanford, shows how he'll
Irighten Japs. He's officer candidate at- Camp Davis, N. C.

IS HE TOUGH! —Norman S. Standlee of Long Beach. Cal.,
former All-America fullback at Stanford, shows how he'll
Irighten Japs. He's officer candidate at- Camp Davis, N. C.

IS HE TOUGH! —Norman S. Standlee of Long Beach. Cal.,
former All-America fullback at Stanford, shows how he'll
Irighten Japs. He's officer candidate at- Camp Davis, N. C.

IS HE TOUGH! —Norman S. Standlee of Long Beach. Cal.,
former All-America fullback at Stanford, shows how he'll
Irighten Japs. He's officer candidate at- Camp Davis, N. C.

IS HE TOUGH! —Norman S. Standlee of Long Beach. Cal.,
former All-America fullback at Stanford, shows how he'll
Irighten Japs. He's officer candidate at- Camp Davis, N. C.
