# DANCE TICKET SALE
## 
### 
Tickets are now on sale for the
VVelakahao Beach Ball. Roble and
Lagunita women may purchase them
from their corridor representatives
for 51.75. Frances Stong and Jean
Hall are co-chairmen of the ticket
committee.
Tickets are now on sale for the
VVelakahao Beach Ball. Roble and
Lagunita women may purchase them
from their corridor representatives
for 51.75. Frances Stong and Jean
Hall are co-chairmen of the ticket
committee.
Tickets are now on sale for the
VVelakahao Beach Ball. Roble and
Lagunita women may purchase them
from their corridor representatives
for 51.75. Frances Stong and Jean
Hall are co-chairmen of the ticket
committee.
Tickets are now on sale for the
VVelakahao Beach Ball. Roble and
Lagunita women may purchase them
from their corridor representatives
for 51.75. Frances Stong and Jean
Hall are co-chairmen of the ticket
committee.
Tickets are now on sale for the
VVelakahao Beach Ball. Roble and
Lagunita women may purchase them
from their corridor representatives
for 51.75. Frances Stong and Jean
Hall are co-chairmen of the ticket
committee.
Tickets are now on sale for the
VVelakahao Beach Ball. Roble and
Lagunita women may purchase them
from their corridor representatives
for 51.75. Frances Stong and Jean
Hall are co-chairmen of the ticket
committee.
Tickets are now on sale for the
VVelakahao Beach Ball. Roble and
Lagunita women may purchase them
from their corridor representatives
for 51.75. Frances Stong and Jean
Hall are co-chairmen of the ticket
committee.
Tickets are now on sale for the
VVelakahao Beach Ball. Roble and
Lagunita women may purchase them
from their corridor representatives
for 51.75. Frances Stong and Jean
Hall are co-chairmen of the ticket
committee.
Tickets are now on sale for the
VVelakahao Beach Ball. Roble and
Lagunita women may purchase them
from their corridor representatives
for 51.75. Frances Stong and Jean
Hall are co-chairmen of the ticket
committee.
Tickets are now on sale for the
VVelakahao Beach Ball. Roble and
Lagunita women may purchase them
from their corridor representatives
for 51.75. Frances Stong and Jean
Hall are co-chairmen of the ticket
committee.
Tickets are now on sale for the
VVelakahao Beach Ball. Roble and
Lagunita women may purchase them
from their corridor representatives
for 51.75. Frances Stong and Jean
Hall are co-chairmen of the ticket
committee.
Tickets are now on sale for the
VVelakahao Beach Ball. Roble and
Lagunita women may purchase them
from their corridor representatives
for 51.75. Frances Stong and Jean
Hall are co-chairmen of the ticket
committee.
Tickets are now on sale for the
VVelakahao Beach Ball. Roble and
Lagunita women may purchase them
from their corridor representatives
for 51.75. Frances Stong and Jean
Hall are co-chairmen of the ticket
committee.
Tickets are now on sale for the
VVelakahao Beach Ball. Roble and
Lagunita women may purchase them
from their corridor representatives
for 51.75. Frances Stong and Jean
Hall are co-chairmen of the ticket
committee.
Tickets are now on sale for the
VVelakahao Beach Ball. Roble and
Lagunita women may purchase them
from their corridor representatives
for 51.75. Frances Stong and Jean
Hall are co-chairmen of the ticket
committee.
Tickets are now on sale for the
VVelakahao Beach Ball. Roble and
Lagunita women may purchase them
from their corridor representatives
for 51.75. Frances Stong and Jean
Hall are co-chairmen of the ticket
committee.
Tickets are now on sale for the
VVelakahao Beach Ball. Roble and
Lagunita women may purchase them
from their corridor representatives
for 51.75. Frances Stong and Jean
Hall are co-chairmen of the ticket
committee.
