# Concert
## 
### 

Four members of the Bandy Weston
Sextet give a specimen of the jazz
sound they'll belt out at a benefit
concert Sunday evening In Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. See story on page 4.

Four members of the Bandy Weston
Sextet give a specimen of the jazz
sound they'll belt out at a benefit
concert Sunday evening In Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. See story on page 4.

Four members of the Bandy Weston
Sextet give a specimen of the jazz
sound they'll belt out at a benefit
concert Sunday evening In Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. See story on page 4.

Four members of the Bandy Weston
Sextet give a specimen of the jazz
sound they'll belt out at a benefit
concert Sunday evening In Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. See story on page 4.

Four members of the Bandy Weston
Sextet give a specimen of the jazz
sound they'll belt out at a benefit
concert Sunday evening In Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. See story on page 4.

Four members of the Bandy Weston
Sextet give a specimen of the jazz
sound they'll belt out at a benefit
concert Sunday evening In Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. See story on page 4.

Four members of the Bandy Weston
Sextet give a specimen of the jazz
sound they'll belt out at a benefit
concert Sunday evening In Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. See story on page 4.

Four members of the Bandy Weston
Sextet give a specimen of the jazz
sound they'll belt out at a benefit
concert Sunday evening In Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. See story on page 4.

Four members of the Bandy Weston
Sextet give a specimen of the jazz
sound they'll belt out at a benefit
concert Sunday evening In Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. See story on page 4.

Four members of the Bandy Weston
Sextet give a specimen of the jazz
sound they'll belt out at a benefit
concert Sunday evening In Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. See story on page 4.

Four members of the Bandy Weston
Sextet give a specimen of the jazz
sound they'll belt out at a benefit
concert Sunday evening In Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. See story on page 4.

Four members of the Bandy Weston
Sextet give a specimen of the jazz
sound they'll belt out at a benefit
concert Sunday evening In Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. See story on page 4.

Four members of the Bandy Weston
Sextet give a specimen of the jazz
sound they'll belt out at a benefit
concert Sunday evening In Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. See story on page 4.

Four members of the Bandy Weston
Sextet give a specimen of the jazz
sound they'll belt out at a benefit
concert Sunday evening In Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. See story on page 4.

Four members of the Bandy Weston
Sextet give a specimen of the jazz
sound they'll belt out at a benefit
concert Sunday evening In Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. See story on page 4.

Four members of the Bandy Weston
Sextet give a specimen of the jazz
sound they'll belt out at a benefit
concert Sunday evening In Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. See story on page 4.
