# BONE PLANS PERSONAL RELIGION CONFERENCES
## 
### 
"The Religious Implications of Stu
dent Life" will be the subject of con
ferences which Harry Bone, member
of the National Staff of the Student
Department of the Y.M.C.A., will hold
on the campus today. Mr. Bone will
arrive here about 11 o'clock this)
morning and will be available for per
sonal interviews at the Y.M.C.A.
building on the campus this after
noon.

Bone is at present associated with
the New York office of the Y.M.C.A.,
and is out on the coast for a short
time. Ho will leave tomorrow night
for the meeting of the Field Council
of the Northwest to be held In Port
land, Oregon.
! Scientists have become greatly in
terested in a Russian whose heart
action has apparently ceased but who
still retains normal body tempera-
I ture.
