# Remains Of Larry Semon Taken To San Bernardino
## 
### 
VICTORVILLE, Calif., Oct. 8.
Out of the desert where he had sought
the healing air to regain his waning
strength, the body of Larry Semon,
comedian of the silver screen, late
today was taken to San Bernardino,
where funeral services will be held.
Semon died of pneumonia early today
at a health ranch seven miles from
here, to which he had gone to re
cuperate from a nervous breakdown.
VICTORVILLE, Calif., Oct. 8.
Out of the desert where he had sought
the healing air to regain his waning
strength, the body of Larry Semon,
comedian of the silver screen, late
today was taken to San Bernardino,
where funeral services will be held.
Semon died of pneumonia early today
at a health ranch seven miles from
here, to which he had gone to re
cuperate from a nervous breakdown.
VICTORVILLE, Calif., Oct. 8.
Out of the desert where he had sought
the healing air to regain his waning
strength, the body of Larry Semon,
comedian of the silver screen, late
today was taken to San Bernardino,
where funeral services will be held.
Semon died of pneumonia early today
at a health ranch seven miles from
here, to which he had gone to re
cuperate from a nervous breakdown.
VICTORVILLE, Calif., Oct. 8.
Out of the desert where he had sought
the healing air to regain his waning
strength, the body of Larry Semon,
comedian of the silver screen, late
today was taken to San Bernardino,
where funeral services will be held.
Semon died of pneumonia early today
at a health ranch seven miles from
here, to which he had gone to re
cuperate from a nervous breakdown.
VICTORVILLE, Calif., Oct. 8.
Out of the desert where he had sought
the healing air to regain his waning
strength, the body of Larry Semon,
comedian of the silver screen, late
today was taken to San Bernardino,
where funeral services will be held.
Semon died of pneumonia early today
at a health ranch seven miles from
here, to which he had gone to re
cuperate from a nervous breakdown.
VICTORVILLE, Calif., Oct. 8.
Out of the desert where he had sought
the healing air to regain his waning
strength, the body of Larry Semon,
comedian of the silver screen, late
today was taken to San Bernardino,
where funeral services will be held.
Semon died of pneumonia early today
at a health ranch seven miles from
here, to which he had gone to re
cuperate from a nervous breakdown.
VICTORVILLE, Calif., Oct. 8.
Out of the desert where he had sought
the healing air to regain his waning
strength, the body of Larry Semon,
comedian of the silver screen, late
today was taken to San Bernardino,
where funeral services will be held.
Semon died of pneumonia early today
at a health ranch seven miles from
here, to which he had gone to re
cuperate from a nervous breakdown.
VICTORVILLE, Calif., Oct. 8.
Out of the desert where he had sought
the healing air to regain his waning
strength, the body of Larry Semon,
comedian of the silver screen, late
today was taken to San Bernardino,
where funeral services will be held.
Semon died of pneumonia early today
at a health ranch seven miles from
here, to which he had gone to re
cuperate from a nervous breakdown.
VICTORVILLE, Calif., Oct. 8.
Out of the desert where he had sought
the healing air to regain his waning
strength, the body of Larry Semon,
comedian of the silver screen, late
today was taken to San Bernardino,
where funeral services will be held.
Semon died of pneumonia early today
at a health ranch seven miles from
here, to which he had gone to re
cuperate from a nervous breakdown.
VICTORVILLE, Calif., Oct. 8.
Out of the desert where he had sought
the healing air to regain his waning
strength, the body of Larry Semon,
comedian of the silver screen, late
today was taken to San Bernardino,
where funeral services will be held.
Semon died of pneumonia early today
at a health ranch seven miles from
here, to which he had gone to re
cuperate from a nervous breakdown.
VICTORVILLE, Calif., Oct. 8.
Out of the desert where he had sought
the healing air to regain his waning
strength, the body of Larry Semon,
comedian of the silver screen, late
today was taken to San Bernardino,
where funeral services will be held.
Semon died of pneumonia early today
at a health ranch seven miles from
here, to which he had gone to re
cuperate from a nervous breakdown.
VICTORVILLE, Calif., Oct. 8.
Out of the desert where he had sought
the healing air to regain his waning
strength, the body of Larry Semon,
comedian of the silver screen, late
today was taken to San Bernardino,
where funeral services will be held.
Semon died of pneumonia early today
at a health ranch seven miles from
here, to which he had gone to re
cuperate from a nervous breakdown.
VICTORVILLE, Calif., Oct. 8.
Out of the desert where he had sought
the healing air to regain his waning
strength, the body of Larry Semon,
comedian of the silver screen, late
today was taken to San Bernardino,
where funeral services will be held.
Semon died of pneumonia early today
at a health ranch seven miles from
here, to which he had gone to re
cuperate from a nervous breakdown.
VICTORVILLE, Calif., Oct. 8.
Out of the desert where he had sought
the healing air to regain his waning
strength, the body of Larry Semon,
comedian of the silver screen, late
today was taken to San Bernardino,
where funeral services will be held.
Semon died of pneumonia early today
at a health ranch seven miles from
here, to which he had gone to re
cuperate from a nervous breakdown.
VICTORVILLE, Calif., Oct. 8.
Out of the desert where he had sought
the healing air to regain his waning
strength, the body of Larry Semon,
comedian of the silver screen, late
today was taken to San Bernardino,
where funeral services will be held.
Semon died of pneumonia early today
at a health ranch seven miles from
here, to which he had gone to re
cuperate from a nervous breakdown.
VICTORVILLE, Calif., Oct. 8.
Out of the desert where he had sought
the healing air to regain his waning
strength, the body of Larry Semon,
comedian of the silver screen, late
today was taken to San Bernardino,
where funeral services will be held.
Semon died of pneumonia early today
at a health ranch seven miles from
here, to which he had gone to re
cuperate from a nervous breakdown.
