# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
MASQUERS ELECT
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, announces the
election of the following to
membership:
Frances Farmer
Onyet Watson
Geraldine Schreibcr
Barbara Harmon
Janet Dole
MASQUERS ELECT
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, announces the
election of the following to
membership:
Frances Farmer
Onyet Watson
Geraldine Schreibcr
Barbara Harmon
Janet Dole
MASQUERS ELECT
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, announces the
election of the following to
membership:
Frances Farmer
Onyet Watson
Geraldine Schreibcr
Barbara Harmon
Janet Dole
MASQUERS ELECT
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, announces the
election of the following to
membership:
Frances Farmer
Onyet Watson
Geraldine Schreibcr
Barbara Harmon
Janet Dole
MASQUERS ELECT
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, announces the
election of the following to
membership:
Frances Farmer
Onyet Watson
Geraldine Schreibcr
Barbara Harmon
Janet Dole
MASQUERS ELECT
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, announces the
election of the following to
membership:
Frances Farmer
Onyet Watson
Geraldine Schreibcr
Barbara Harmon
Janet Dole
MASQUERS ELECT
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, announces the
election of the following to
membership:
Frances Farmer
Onyet Watson
Geraldine Schreibcr
Barbara Harmon
Janet Dole
MASQUERS ELECT
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, announces the
election of the following to
membership:
Frances Farmer
Onyet Watson
Geraldine Schreibcr
Barbara Harmon
Janet Dole
MASQUERS ELECT
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, announces the
election of the following to
membership:
Frances Farmer
Onyet Watson
Geraldine Schreibcr
Barbara Harmon
Janet Dole
MASQUERS ELECT
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, announces the
election of the following to
membership:
Frances Farmer
Onyet Watson
Geraldine Schreibcr
Barbara Harmon
Janet Dole
MASQUERS ELECT
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, announces the
election of the following to
membership:
Frances Farmer
Onyet Watson
Geraldine Schreibcr
Barbara Harmon
Janet Dole
MASQUERS ELECT
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, announces the
election of the following to
membership:
Frances Farmer
Onyet Watson
Geraldine Schreibcr
Barbara Harmon
Janet Dole
MASQUERS ELECT
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, announces the
election of the following to
membership:
Frances Farmer
Onyet Watson
Geraldine Schreibcr
Barbara Harmon
Janet Dole
MASQUERS ELECT
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, announces the
election of the following to
membership:
Frances Farmer
Onyet Watson
Geraldine Schreibcr
Barbara Harmon
Janet Dole
MASQUERS ELECT
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, announces the
election of the following to
membership:
Frances Farmer
Onyet Watson
Geraldine Schreibcr
Barbara Harmon
Janet Dole
MASQUERS ELECT
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, announces the
election of the following to
membership:
Frances Farmer
Onyet Watson
Geraldine Schreibcr
Barbara Harmon
Janet Dole
