# New Dramatic Setup Foreseen
## Daugherty Predicts Dual Theater Organization 
### 
With the completion of the new
Memorial Theater, the present Stan
ford dramatic set-up should be
changed, according to Dramatic
Manager Dick Daugherty, to in
clude two separate working units.
These would be the newly estab
lished University School of Drama,
which would conduct classes in
technical instruction and direction,
and a student group similar to that
now controlling dramatic produc
tions Daugherty suggests.
Under this plan, students in these
classes in drama would put on their
own productions, probably of the
workshop type, with University fi
nancial backing, and with the as
sistance of faculty directors.
The student group, according to
Daugherty, would work as a separate
unit, producing their own shows and
any play.s they might want. Assist
ance of the University directors
might be obtained if necessary.
Decision on these student plays
would be made by a dramatic coun
cil, smaller and working on a differ
ent basis than the present one, which
would also handle the financial end.
Daugherty believes that students
should have the use of the theater,
and that the equipment should be
available to them, although a fac
ulty member should be in charge of
this equipment and keep continual
check on it.
After the theater is finished,
Daugherty also hopes to continue the
policy of cutting admission prices
begun this year with the presenta
tion of "Roadside," thereby making
the productions available to more
people. The cut in expenses coming
with the complete equipment avail
able would make this possible.
With the completion of the new
Memorial Theater, the present Stan
ford dramatic set-up should be
changed, according to Dramatic
Manager Dick Daugherty, to in
clude two separate working units.
These would be the newly estab
lished University School of Drama,
which would conduct classes in
technical instruction and direction,
and a student group similar to that
now controlling dramatic produc
tions Daugherty suggests.
Under this plan, students in these
classes in drama would put on their
own productions, probably of the
workshop type, with University fi
nancial backing, and with the as
sistance of faculty directors.
The student group, according to
Daugherty, would work as a separate
unit, producing their own shows and
any play.s they might want. Assist
ance of the University directors
might be obtained if necessary.
Decision on these student plays
would be made by a dramatic coun
cil, smaller and working on a differ
ent basis than the present one, which
would also handle the financial end.
Daugherty believes that students
should have the use of the theater,
and that the equipment should be
available to them, although a fac
ulty member should be in charge of
this equipment and keep continual
check on it.
After the theater is finished,
Daugherty also hopes to continue the
policy of cutting admission prices
begun this year with the presenta
tion of "Roadside," thereby making
the productions available to more
people. The cut in expenses coming
with the complete equipment avail
able would make this possible.
With the completion of the new
Memorial Theater, the present Stan
ford dramatic set-up should be
changed, according to Dramatic
Manager Dick Daugherty, to in
clude two separate working units.
These would be the newly estab
lished University School of Drama,
which would conduct classes in
technical instruction and direction,
and a student group similar to that
now controlling dramatic produc
tions Daugherty suggests.
Under this plan, students in these
classes in drama would put on their
own productions, probably of the
workshop type, with University fi
nancial backing, and with the as
sistance of faculty directors.
The student group, according to
Daugherty, would work as a separate
unit, producing their own shows and
any play.s they might want. Assist
ance of the University directors
might be obtained if necessary.
Decision on these student plays
would be made by a dramatic coun
cil, smaller and working on a differ
ent basis than the present one, which
would also handle the financial end.
Daugherty believes that students
should have the use of the theater,
and that the equipment should be
available to them, although a fac
ulty member should be in charge of
this equipment and keep continual
check on it.
After the theater is finished,
Daugherty also hopes to continue the
policy of cutting admission prices
begun this year with the presenta
tion of "Roadside," thereby making
the productions available to more
people. The cut in expenses coming
with the complete equipment avail
able would make this possible.
With the completion of the new
Memorial Theater, the present Stan
ford dramatic set-up should be
changed, according to Dramatic
Manager Dick Daugherty, to in
clude two separate working units.
These would be the newly estab
lished University School of Drama,
which would conduct classes in
technical instruction and direction,
and a student group similar to that
now controlling dramatic produc
tions Daugherty suggests.
Under this plan, students in these
classes in drama would put on their
own productions, probably of the
workshop type, with University fi
nancial backing, and with the as
sistance of faculty directors.
The student group, according to
Daugherty, would work as a separate
unit, producing their own shows and
any play.s they might want. Assist
ance of the University directors
might be obtained if necessary.
Decision on these student plays
would be made by a dramatic coun
cil, smaller and working on a differ
ent basis than the present one, which
would also handle the financial end.
Daugherty believes that students
should have the use of the theater,
and that the equipment should be
available to them, although a fac
ulty member should be in charge of
this equipment and keep continual
check on it.
After the theater is finished,
Daugherty also hopes to continue the
policy of cutting admission prices
begun this year with the presenta
tion of "Roadside," thereby making
the productions available to more
people. The cut in expenses coming
with the complete equipment avail
able would make this possible.
With the completion of the new
Memorial Theater, the present Stan
ford dramatic set-up should be
changed, according to Dramatic
Manager Dick Daugherty, to in
clude two separate working units.
These would be the newly estab
lished University School of Drama,
which would conduct classes in
technical instruction and direction,
and a student group similar to that
now controlling dramatic produc
tions Daugherty suggests.
Under this plan, students in these
classes in drama would put on their
own productions, probably of the
workshop type, with University fi
nancial backing, and with the as
sistance of faculty directors.
The student group, according to
Daugherty, would work as a separate
unit, producing their own shows and
any play.s they might want. Assist
ance of the University directors
might be obtained if necessary.
Decision on these student plays
would be made by a dramatic coun
cil, smaller and working on a differ
ent basis than the present one, which
would also handle the financial end.
Daugherty believes that students
should have the use of the theater,
and that the equipment should be
available to them, although a fac
ulty member should be in charge of
this equipment and keep continual
check on it.
After the theater is finished,
Daugherty also hopes to continue the
policy of cutting admission prices
begun this year with the presenta
tion of "Roadside," thereby making
the productions available to more
people. The cut in expenses coming
with the complete equipment avail
able would make this possible.
With the completion of the new
Memorial Theater, the present Stan
ford dramatic set-up should be
changed, according to Dramatic
Manager Dick Daugherty, to in
clude two separate working units.
These would be the newly estab
lished University School of Drama,
which would conduct classes in
technical instruction and direction,
and a student group similar to that
now controlling dramatic produc
tions Daugherty suggests.
Under this plan, students in these
classes in drama would put on their
own productions, probably of the
workshop type, with University fi
nancial backing, and with the as
sistance of faculty directors.
The student group, according to
Daugherty, would work as a separate
unit, producing their own shows and
any play.s they might want. Assist
ance of the University directors
might be obtained if necessary.
Decision on these student plays
would be made by a dramatic coun
cil, smaller and working on a differ
ent basis than the present one, which
would also handle the financial end.
Daugherty believes that students
should have the use of the theater,
and that the equipment should be
available to them, although a fac
ulty member should be in charge of
this equipment and keep continual
check on it.
After the theater is finished,
Daugherty also hopes to continue the
policy of cutting admission prices
begun this year with the presenta
tion of "Roadside," thereby making
the productions available to more
people. The cut in expenses coming
with the complete equipment avail
able would make this possible.
With the completion of the new
Memorial Theater, the present Stan
ford dramatic set-up should be
changed, according to Dramatic
Manager Dick Daugherty, to in
clude two separate working units.
These would be the newly estab
lished University School of Drama,
which would conduct classes in
technical instruction and direction,
and a student group similar to that
now controlling dramatic produc
tions Daugherty suggests.
Under this plan, students in these
classes in drama would put on their
own productions, probably of the
workshop type, with University fi
nancial backing, and with the as
sistance of faculty directors.
The student group, according to
Daugherty, would work as a separate
unit, producing their own shows and
any play.s they might want. Assist
ance of the University directors
might be obtained if necessary.
Decision on these student plays
would be made by a dramatic coun
cil, smaller and working on a differ
ent basis than the present one, which
would also handle the financial end.
Daugherty believes that students
should have the use of the theater,
and that the equipment should be
available to them, although a fac
ulty member should be in charge of
this equipment and keep continual
check on it.
After the theater is finished,
Daugherty also hopes to continue the
policy of cutting admission prices
begun this year with the presenta
tion of "Roadside," thereby making
the productions available to more
people. The cut in expenses coming
with the complete equipment avail
able would make this possible.
With the completion of the new
Memorial Theater, the present Stan
ford dramatic set-up should be
changed, according to Dramatic
Manager Dick Daugherty, to in
clude two separate working units.
These would be the newly estab
lished University School of Drama,
which would conduct classes in
technical instruction and direction,
and a student group similar to that
now controlling dramatic produc
tions Daugherty suggests.
Under this plan, students in these
classes in drama would put on their
own productions, probably of the
workshop type, with University fi
nancial backing, and with the as
sistance of faculty directors.
The student group, according to
Daugherty, would work as a separate
unit, producing their own shows and
any play.s they might want. Assist
ance of the University directors
might be obtained if necessary.
Decision on these student plays
would be made by a dramatic coun
cil, smaller and working on a differ
ent basis than the present one, which
would also handle the financial end.
Daugherty believes that students
should have the use of the theater,
and that the equipment should be
available to them, although a fac
ulty member should be in charge of
this equipment and keep continual
check on it.
After the theater is finished,
Daugherty also hopes to continue the
policy of cutting admission prices
begun this year with the presenta
tion of "Roadside," thereby making
the productions available to more
people. The cut in expenses coming
with the complete equipment avail
able would make this possible.
With the completion of the new
Memorial Theater, the present Stan
ford dramatic set-up should be
changed, according to Dramatic
Manager Dick Daugherty, to in
clude two separate working units.
These would be the newly estab
lished University School of Drama,
which would conduct classes in
technical instruction and direction,
and a student group similar to that
now controlling dramatic produc
tions Daugherty suggests.
Under this plan, students in these
classes in drama would put on their
own productions, probably of the
workshop type, with University fi
nancial backing, and with the as
sistance of faculty directors.
The student group, according to
Daugherty, would work as a separate
unit, producing their own shows and
any play.s they might want. Assist
ance of the University directors
might be obtained if necessary.
Decision on these student plays
would be made by a dramatic coun
cil, smaller and working on a differ
ent basis than the present one, which
would also handle the financial end.
Daugherty believes that students
should have the use of the theater,
and that the equipment should be
available to them, although a fac
ulty member should be in charge of
this equipment and keep continual
check on it.
After the theater is finished,
Daugherty also hopes to continue the
policy of cutting admission prices
begun this year with the presenta
tion of "Roadside," thereby making
the productions available to more
people. The cut in expenses coming
with the complete equipment avail
able would make this possible.
With the completion of the new
Memorial Theater, the present Stan
ford dramatic set-up should be
changed, according to Dramatic
Manager Dick Daugherty, to in
clude two separate working units.
These would be the newly estab
lished University School of Drama,
which would conduct classes in
technical instruction and direction,
and a student group similar to that
now controlling dramatic produc
tions Daugherty suggests.
Under this plan, students in these
classes in drama would put on their
own productions, probably of the
workshop type, with University fi
nancial backing, and with the as
sistance of faculty directors.
The student group, according to
Daugherty, would work as a separate
unit, producing their own shows and
any play.s they might want. Assist
ance of the University directors
might be obtained if necessary.
Decision on these student plays
would be made by a dramatic coun
cil, smaller and working on a differ
ent basis than the present one, which
would also handle the financial end.
Daugherty believes that students
should have the use of the theater,
and that the equipment should be
available to them, although a fac
ulty member should be in charge of
this equipment and keep continual
check on it.
After the theater is finished,
Daugherty also hopes to continue the
policy of cutting admission prices
begun this year with the presenta
tion of "Roadside," thereby making
the productions available to more
people. The cut in expenses coming
with the complete equipment avail
able would make this possible.
With the completion of the new
Memorial Theater, the present Stan
ford dramatic set-up should be
changed, according to Dramatic
Manager Dick Daugherty, to in
clude two separate working units.
These would be the newly estab
lished University School of Drama,
which would conduct classes in
technical instruction and direction,
and a student group similar to that
now controlling dramatic produc
tions Daugherty suggests.
Under this plan, students in these
classes in drama would put on their
own productions, probably of the
workshop type, with University fi
nancial backing, and with the as
sistance of faculty directors.
The student group, according to
Daugherty, would work as a separate
unit, producing their own shows and
any play.s they might want. Assist
ance of the University directors
might be obtained if necessary.
Decision on these student plays
would be made by a dramatic coun
cil, smaller and working on a differ
ent basis than the present one, which
would also handle the financial end.
Daugherty believes that students
should have the use of the theater,
and that the equipment should be
available to them, although a fac
ulty member should be in charge of
this equipment and keep continual
check on it.
After the theater is finished,
Daugherty also hopes to continue the
policy of cutting admission prices
begun this year with the presenta
tion of "Roadside," thereby making
the productions available to more
people. The cut in expenses coming
with the complete equipment avail
able would make this possible.
With the completion of the new
Memorial Theater, the present Stan
ford dramatic set-up should be
changed, according to Dramatic
Manager Dick Daugherty, to in
clude two separate working units.
These would be the newly estab
lished University School of Drama,
which would conduct classes in
technical instruction and direction,
and a student group similar to that
now controlling dramatic produc
tions Daugherty suggests.
Under this plan, students in these
classes in drama would put on their
own productions, probably of the
workshop type, with University fi
nancial backing, and with the as
sistance of faculty directors.
The student group, according to
Daugherty, would work as a separate
unit, producing their own shows and
any play.s they might want. Assist
ance of the University directors
might be obtained if necessary.
Decision on these student plays
would be made by a dramatic coun
cil, smaller and working on a differ
ent basis than the present one, which
would also handle the financial end.
Daugherty believes that students
should have the use of the theater,
and that the equipment should be
available to them, although a fac
ulty member should be in charge of
this equipment and keep continual
check on it.
After the theater is finished,
Daugherty also hopes to continue the
policy of cutting admission prices
begun this year with the presenta
tion of "Roadside," thereby making
the productions available to more
people. The cut in expenses coming
with the complete equipment avail
able would make this possible.
With the completion of the new
Memorial Theater, the present Stan
ford dramatic set-up should be
changed, according to Dramatic
Manager Dick Daugherty, to in
clude two separate working units.
These would be the newly estab
lished University School of Drama,
which would conduct classes in
technical instruction and direction,
and a student group similar to that
now controlling dramatic produc
tions Daugherty suggests.
Under this plan, students in these
classes in drama would put on their
own productions, probably of the
workshop type, with University fi
nancial backing, and with the as
sistance of faculty directors.
The student group, according to
Daugherty, would work as a separate
unit, producing their own shows and
any play.s they might want. Assist
ance of the University directors
might be obtained if necessary.
Decision on these student plays
would be made by a dramatic coun
cil, smaller and working on a differ
ent basis than the present one, which
would also handle the financial end.
Daugherty believes that students
should have the use of the theater,
and that the equipment should be
available to them, although a fac
ulty member should be in charge of
this equipment and keep continual
check on it.
After the theater is finished,
Daugherty also hopes to continue the
policy of cutting admission prices
begun this year with the presenta
tion of "Roadside," thereby making
the productions available to more
people. The cut in expenses coming
with the complete equipment avail
able would make this possible.
With the completion of the new
Memorial Theater, the present Stan
ford dramatic set-up should be
changed, according to Dramatic
Manager Dick Daugherty, to in
clude two separate working units.
These would be the newly estab
lished University School of Drama,
which would conduct classes in
technical instruction and direction,
and a student group similar to that
now controlling dramatic produc
tions Daugherty suggests.
Under this plan, students in these
classes in drama would put on their
own productions, probably of the
workshop type, with University fi
nancial backing, and with the as
sistance of faculty directors.
The student group, according to
Daugherty, would work as a separate
unit, producing their own shows and
any play.s they might want. Assist
ance of the University directors
might be obtained if necessary.
Decision on these student plays
would be made by a dramatic coun
cil, smaller and working on a differ
ent basis than the present one, which
would also handle the financial end.
Daugherty believes that students
should have the use of the theater,
and that the equipment should be
available to them, although a fac
ulty member should be in charge of
this equipment and keep continual
check on it.
After the theater is finished,
Daugherty also hopes to continue the
policy of cutting admission prices
begun this year with the presenta
tion of "Roadside," thereby making
the productions available to more
people. The cut in expenses coming
with the complete equipment avail
able would make this possible.
With the completion of the new
Memorial Theater, the present Stan
ford dramatic set-up should be
changed, according to Dramatic
Manager Dick Daugherty, to in
clude two separate working units.
These would be the newly estab
lished University School of Drama,
which would conduct classes in
technical instruction and direction,
and a student group similar to that
now controlling dramatic produc
tions Daugherty suggests.
Under this plan, students in these
classes in drama would put on their
own productions, probably of the
workshop type, with University fi
nancial backing, and with the as
sistance of faculty directors.
The student group, according to
Daugherty, would work as a separate
unit, producing their own shows and
any play.s they might want. Assist
ance of the University directors
might be obtained if necessary.
Decision on these student plays
would be made by a dramatic coun
cil, smaller and working on a differ
ent basis than the present one, which
would also handle the financial end.
Daugherty believes that students
should have the use of the theater,
and that the equipment should be
available to them, although a fac
ulty member should be in charge of
this equipment and keep continual
check on it.
After the theater is finished,
Daugherty also hopes to continue the
policy of cutting admission prices
begun this year with the presenta
tion of "Roadside," thereby making
the productions available to more
people. The cut in expenses coming
with the complete equipment avail
able would make this possible.
With the completion of the new
Memorial Theater, the present Stan
ford dramatic set-up should be
changed, according to Dramatic
Manager Dick Daugherty, to in
clude two separate working units.
These would be the newly estab
lished University School of Drama,
which would conduct classes in
technical instruction and direction,
and a student group similar to that
now controlling dramatic produc
tions Daugherty suggests.
Under this plan, students in these
classes in drama would put on their
own productions, probably of the
workshop type, with University fi
nancial backing, and with the as
sistance of faculty directors.
The student group, according to
Daugherty, would work as a separate
unit, producing their own shows and
any play.s they might want. Assist
ance of the University directors
might be obtained if necessary.
Decision on these student plays
would be made by a dramatic coun
cil, smaller and working on a differ
ent basis than the present one, which
would also handle the financial end.
Daugherty believes that students
should have the use of the theater,
and that the equipment should be
available to them, although a fac
ulty member should be in charge of
this equipment and keep continual
check on it.
After the theater is finished,
Daugherty also hopes to continue the
policy of cutting admission prices
begun this year with the presenta
tion of "Roadside," thereby making
the productions available to more
people. The cut in expenses coming
with the complete equipment avail
able would make this possible.
