# Books
## 
### 
Hundreds of books are kicking around living
quarters without a mother and without anyone
to love them, just because somebody took them
from the Libe and neglected to take them back.
The proper place for those books is the
Library, which will keep them neatly in a spot
where other students can get the benefit of
them.
Students should co-operate with the Library
Director in trying to rescue fhese volumes from
limbo. The Director has set up the A.S.S.U.
office as an intermediary in a campaign to get
the books returned to the Libe, asking students
to look around their rooms for abandoned
volumes and to turn them in to the designated
spots, where no questions will be asked.
Hundreds of books are kicking around living
quarters without a mother and without anyone
to love them, just because somebody took them
from the Libe and neglected to take them back.
The proper place for those books is the
Library, which will keep them neatly in a spot
where other students can get the benefit of
them.
Students should co-operate with the Library
Director in trying to rescue fhese volumes from
limbo. The Director has set up the A.S.S.U.
office as an intermediary in a campaign to get
the books returned to the Libe, asking students
to look around their rooms for abandoned
volumes and to turn them in to the designated
spots, where no questions will be asked.
Hundreds of books are kicking around living
quarters without a mother and without anyone
to love them, just because somebody took them
from the Libe and neglected to take them back.
The proper place for those books is the
Library, which will keep them neatly in a spot
where other students can get the benefit of
them.
Students should co-operate with the Library
Director in trying to rescue fhese volumes from
limbo. The Director has set up the A.S.S.U.
office as an intermediary in a campaign to get
the books returned to the Libe, asking students
to look around their rooms for abandoned
volumes and to turn them in to the designated
spots, where no questions will be asked.
Hundreds of books are kicking around living
quarters without a mother and without anyone
to love them, just because somebody took them
from the Libe and neglected to take them back.
The proper place for those books is the
Library, which will keep them neatly in a spot
where other students can get the benefit of
them.
Students should co-operate with the Library
Director in trying to rescue fhese volumes from
limbo. The Director has set up the A.S.S.U.
office as an intermediary in a campaign to get
the books returned to the Libe, asking students
to look around their rooms for abandoned
volumes and to turn them in to the designated
spots, where no questions will be asked.
Hundreds of books are kicking around living
quarters without a mother and without anyone
to love them, just because somebody took them
from the Libe and neglected to take them back.
The proper place for those books is the
Library, which will keep them neatly in a spot
where other students can get the benefit of
them.
Students should co-operate with the Library
Director in trying to rescue fhese volumes from
limbo. The Director has set up the A.S.S.U.
office as an intermediary in a campaign to get
the books returned to the Libe, asking students
to look around their rooms for abandoned
volumes and to turn them in to the designated
spots, where no questions will be asked.
Hundreds of books are kicking around living
quarters without a mother and without anyone
to love them, just because somebody took them
from the Libe and neglected to take them back.
The proper place for those books is the
Library, which will keep them neatly in a spot
where other students can get the benefit of
them.
Students should co-operate with the Library
Director in trying to rescue fhese volumes from
limbo. The Director has set up the A.S.S.U.
office as an intermediary in a campaign to get
the books returned to the Libe, asking students
to look around their rooms for abandoned
volumes and to turn them in to the designated
spots, where no questions will be asked.
Hundreds of books are kicking around living
quarters without a mother and without anyone
to love them, just because somebody took them
from the Libe and neglected to take them back.
The proper place for those books is the
Library, which will keep them neatly in a spot
where other students can get the benefit of
them.
Students should co-operate with the Library
Director in trying to rescue fhese volumes from
limbo. The Director has set up the A.S.S.U.
office as an intermediary in a campaign to get
the books returned to the Libe, asking students
to look around their rooms for abandoned
volumes and to turn them in to the designated
spots, where no questions will be asked.
Hundreds of books are kicking around living
quarters without a mother and without anyone
to love them, just because somebody took them
from the Libe and neglected to take them back.
The proper place for those books is the
Library, which will keep them neatly in a spot
where other students can get the benefit of
them.
Students should co-operate with the Library
Director in trying to rescue fhese volumes from
limbo. The Director has set up the A.S.S.U.
office as an intermediary in a campaign to get
the books returned to the Libe, asking students
to look around their rooms for abandoned
volumes and to turn them in to the designated
spots, where no questions will be asked.
Hundreds of books are kicking around living
quarters without a mother and without anyone
to love them, just because somebody took them
from the Libe and neglected to take them back.
The proper place for those books is the
Library, which will keep them neatly in a spot
where other students can get the benefit of
them.
Students should co-operate with the Library
Director in trying to rescue fhese volumes from
limbo. The Director has set up the A.S.S.U.
office as an intermediary in a campaign to get
the books returned to the Libe, asking students
to look around their rooms for abandoned
volumes and to turn them in to the designated
spots, where no questions will be asked.
Hundreds of books are kicking around living
quarters without a mother and without anyone
to love them, just because somebody took them
from the Libe and neglected to take them back.
The proper place for those books is the
Library, which will keep them neatly in a spot
where other students can get the benefit of
them.
Students should co-operate with the Library
Director in trying to rescue fhese volumes from
limbo. The Director has set up the A.S.S.U.
office as an intermediary in a campaign to get
the books returned to the Libe, asking students
to look around their rooms for abandoned
volumes and to turn them in to the designated
spots, where no questions will be asked.
Hundreds of books are kicking around living
quarters without a mother and without anyone
to love them, just because somebody took them
from the Libe and neglected to take them back.
The proper place for those books is the
Library, which will keep them neatly in a spot
where other students can get the benefit of
them.
Students should co-operate with the Library
Director in trying to rescue fhese volumes from
limbo. The Director has set up the A.S.S.U.
office as an intermediary in a campaign to get
the books returned to the Libe, asking students
to look around their rooms for abandoned
volumes and to turn them in to the designated
spots, where no questions will be asked.
Hundreds of books are kicking around living
quarters without a mother and without anyone
to love them, just because somebody took them
from the Libe and neglected to take them back.
The proper place for those books is the
Library, which will keep them neatly in a spot
where other students can get the benefit of
them.
Students should co-operate with the Library
Director in trying to rescue fhese volumes from
limbo. The Director has set up the A.S.S.U.
office as an intermediary in a campaign to get
the books returned to the Libe, asking students
to look around their rooms for abandoned
volumes and to turn them in to the designated
spots, where no questions will be asked.
Hundreds of books are kicking around living
quarters without a mother and without anyone
to love them, just because somebody took them
from the Libe and neglected to take them back.
The proper place for those books is the
Library, which will keep them neatly in a spot
where other students can get the benefit of
them.
Students should co-operate with the Library
Director in trying to rescue fhese volumes from
limbo. The Director has set up the A.S.S.U.
office as an intermediary in a campaign to get
the books returned to the Libe, asking students
to look around their rooms for abandoned
volumes and to turn them in to the designated
spots, where no questions will be asked.
Hundreds of books are kicking around living
quarters without a mother and without anyone
to love them, just because somebody took them
from the Libe and neglected to take them back.
The proper place for those books is the
Library, which will keep them neatly in a spot
where other students can get the benefit of
them.
Students should co-operate with the Library
Director in trying to rescue fhese volumes from
limbo. The Director has set up the A.S.S.U.
office as an intermediary in a campaign to get
the books returned to the Libe, asking students
to look around their rooms for abandoned
volumes and to turn them in to the designated
spots, where no questions will be asked.
Hundreds of books are kicking around living
quarters without a mother and without anyone
to love them, just because somebody took them
from the Libe and neglected to take them back.
The proper place for those books is the
Library, which will keep them neatly in a spot
where other students can get the benefit of
them.
Students should co-operate with the Library
Director in trying to rescue fhese volumes from
limbo. The Director has set up the A.S.S.U.
office as an intermediary in a campaign to get
the books returned to the Libe, asking students
to look around their rooms for abandoned
volumes and to turn them in to the designated
spots, where no questions will be asked.
Hundreds of books are kicking around living
quarters without a mother and without anyone
to love them, just because somebody took them
from the Libe and neglected to take them back.
The proper place for those books is the
Library, which will keep them neatly in a spot
where other students can get the benefit of
them.
Students should co-operate with the Library
Director in trying to rescue fhese volumes from
limbo. The Director has set up the A.S.S.U.
office as an intermediary in a campaign to get
the books returned to the Libe, asking students
to look around their rooms for abandoned
volumes and to turn them in to the designated
spots, where no questions will be asked.
