# Loyalist Money Sent Overseas
## 
### 
BARCELONA, Spain., Oct. 12
(UP). —Julian Gomez Garcia, one of
(he principal defendants in Loyalist
Spain's "Trotskyist treason" trial,
today testified confiscated funds
have been sent to the United States,
Canada, and Great Britain to help
finance anti-Soviet and anti-Fascist
activities.
Although the seven defendants are
accused of betraying the Loyalists
government to the Spanish rebels
and firing the May 1937 Catalonian
revolt in which close to 1000 per
sons were reported killed in week
long street fighting, the main charge
against them is they treasonably
attempted to picture the Loyalist
government as a radical one rather
than a republican regime, 1 hereby
encouraging German and Italian in
tervention.
Gomez, who testified as two guards
stood over him with rifles and bay
onets in the tiny courtroom, said
funds were sent to groups abroad
which were "interested in the same
anti-Fascist and anti-Soviet ideals'
as the Marxist Unification party.
BARCELONA, Spain., Oct. 12
(UP). —Julian Gomez Garcia, one of
(he principal defendants in Loyalist
Spain's "Trotskyist treason" trial,
today testified confiscated funds
have been sent to the United States,
Canada, and Great Britain to help
finance anti-Soviet and anti-Fascist
activities.
Although the seven defendants are
accused of betraying the Loyalists
government to the Spanish rebels
and firing the May 1937 Catalonian
revolt in which close to 1000 per
sons were reported killed in week
long street fighting, the main charge
against them is they treasonably
attempted to picture the Loyalist
government as a radical one rather
than a republican regime, 1 hereby
encouraging German and Italian in
tervention.
Gomez, who testified as two guards
stood over him with rifles and bay
onets in the tiny courtroom, said
funds were sent to groups abroad
which were "interested in the same
anti-Fascist and anti-Soviet ideals'
as the Marxist Unification party.
BARCELONA, Spain., Oct. 12
(UP). —Julian Gomez Garcia, one of
(he principal defendants in Loyalist
Spain's "Trotskyist treason" trial,
today testified confiscated funds
have been sent to the United States,
Canada, and Great Britain to help
finance anti-Soviet and anti-Fascist
activities.
Although the seven defendants are
accused of betraying the Loyalists
government to the Spanish rebels
and firing the May 1937 Catalonian
revolt in which close to 1000 per
sons were reported killed in week
long street fighting, the main charge
against them is they treasonably
attempted to picture the Loyalist
government as a radical one rather
than a republican regime, 1 hereby
encouraging German and Italian in
tervention.
Gomez, who testified as two guards
stood over him with rifles and bay
onets in the tiny courtroom, said
funds were sent to groups abroad
which were "interested in the same
anti-Fascist and anti-Soviet ideals'
as the Marxist Unification party.
BARCELONA, Spain., Oct. 12
(UP). —Julian Gomez Garcia, one of
(he principal defendants in Loyalist
Spain's "Trotskyist treason" trial,
today testified confiscated funds
have been sent to the United States,
Canada, and Great Britain to help
finance anti-Soviet and anti-Fascist
activities.
Although the seven defendants are
accused of betraying the Loyalists
government to the Spanish rebels
and firing the May 1937 Catalonian
revolt in which close to 1000 per
sons were reported killed in week
long street fighting, the main charge
against them is they treasonably
attempted to picture the Loyalist
government as a radical one rather
than a republican regime, 1 hereby
encouraging German and Italian in
tervention.
Gomez, who testified as two guards
stood over him with rifles and bay
onets in the tiny courtroom, said
funds were sent to groups abroad
which were "interested in the same
anti-Fascist and anti-Soviet ideals'
as the Marxist Unification party.
BARCELONA, Spain., Oct. 12
(UP). —Julian Gomez Garcia, one of
(he principal defendants in Loyalist
Spain's "Trotskyist treason" trial,
today testified confiscated funds
have been sent to the United States,
Canada, and Great Britain to help
finance anti-Soviet and anti-Fascist
activities.
Although the seven defendants are
accused of betraying the Loyalists
government to the Spanish rebels
and firing the May 1937 Catalonian
revolt in which close to 1000 per
sons were reported killed in week
long street fighting, the main charge
against them is they treasonably
attempted to picture the Loyalist
government as a radical one rather
than a republican regime, 1 hereby
encouraging German and Italian in
tervention.
Gomez, who testified as two guards
stood over him with rifles and bay
onets in the tiny courtroom, said
funds were sent to groups abroad
which were "interested in the same
anti-Fascist and anti-Soviet ideals'
as the Marxist Unification party.
BARCELONA, Spain., Oct. 12
(UP). —Julian Gomez Garcia, one of
(he principal defendants in Loyalist
Spain's "Trotskyist treason" trial,
today testified confiscated funds
have been sent to the United States,
Canada, and Great Britain to help
finance anti-Soviet and anti-Fascist
activities.
Although the seven defendants are
accused of betraying the Loyalists
government to the Spanish rebels
and firing the May 1937 Catalonian
revolt in which close to 1000 per
sons were reported killed in week
long street fighting, the main charge
against them is they treasonably
attempted to picture the Loyalist
government as a radical one rather
than a republican regime, 1 hereby
encouraging German and Italian in
tervention.
Gomez, who testified as two guards
stood over him with rifles and bay
onets in the tiny courtroom, said
funds were sent to groups abroad
which were "interested in the same
anti-Fascist and anti-Soviet ideals'
as the Marxist Unification party.
BARCELONA, Spain., Oct. 12
(UP). —Julian Gomez Garcia, one of
(he principal defendants in Loyalist
Spain's "Trotskyist treason" trial,
today testified confiscated funds
have been sent to the United States,
Canada, and Great Britain to help
finance anti-Soviet and anti-Fascist
activities.
Although the seven defendants are
accused of betraying the Loyalists
government to the Spanish rebels
and firing the May 1937 Catalonian
revolt in which close to 1000 per
sons were reported killed in week
long street fighting, the main charge
against them is they treasonably
attempted to picture the Loyalist
government as a radical one rather
than a republican regime, 1 hereby
encouraging German and Italian in
tervention.
Gomez, who testified as two guards
stood over him with rifles and bay
onets in the tiny courtroom, said
funds were sent to groups abroad
which were "interested in the same
anti-Fascist and anti-Soviet ideals'
as the Marxist Unification party.
BARCELONA, Spain., Oct. 12
(UP). —Julian Gomez Garcia, one of
(he principal defendants in Loyalist
Spain's "Trotskyist treason" trial,
today testified confiscated funds
have been sent to the United States,
Canada, and Great Britain to help
finance anti-Soviet and anti-Fascist
activities.
Although the seven defendants are
accused of betraying the Loyalists
government to the Spanish rebels
and firing the May 1937 Catalonian
revolt in which close to 1000 per
sons were reported killed in week
long street fighting, the main charge
against them is they treasonably
attempted to picture the Loyalist
government as a radical one rather
than a republican regime, 1 hereby
encouraging German and Italian in
tervention.
Gomez, who testified as two guards
stood over him with rifles and bay
onets in the tiny courtroom, said
funds were sent to groups abroad
which were "interested in the same
anti-Fascist and anti-Soviet ideals'
as the Marxist Unification party.
BARCELONA, Spain., Oct. 12
(UP). —Julian Gomez Garcia, one of
(he principal defendants in Loyalist
Spain's "Trotskyist treason" trial,
today testified confiscated funds
have been sent to the United States,
Canada, and Great Britain to help
finance anti-Soviet and anti-Fascist
activities.
Although the seven defendants are
accused of betraying the Loyalists
government to the Spanish rebels
and firing the May 1937 Catalonian
revolt in which close to 1000 per
sons were reported killed in week
long street fighting, the main charge
against them is they treasonably
attempted to picture the Loyalist
government as a radical one rather
than a republican regime, 1 hereby
encouraging German and Italian in
tervention.
Gomez, who testified as two guards
stood over him with rifles and bay
onets in the tiny courtroom, said
funds were sent to groups abroad
which were "interested in the same
anti-Fascist and anti-Soviet ideals'
as the Marxist Unification party.
BARCELONA, Spain., Oct. 12
(UP). —Julian Gomez Garcia, one of
(he principal defendants in Loyalist
Spain's "Trotskyist treason" trial,
today testified confiscated funds
have been sent to the United States,
Canada, and Great Britain to help
finance anti-Soviet and anti-Fascist
activities.
Although the seven defendants are
accused of betraying the Loyalists
government to the Spanish rebels
and firing the May 1937 Catalonian
revolt in which close to 1000 per
sons were reported killed in week
long street fighting, the main charge
against them is they treasonably
attempted to picture the Loyalist
government as a radical one rather
than a republican regime, 1 hereby
encouraging German and Italian in
tervention.
Gomez, who testified as two guards
stood over him with rifles and bay
onets in the tiny courtroom, said
funds were sent to groups abroad
which were "interested in the same
anti-Fascist and anti-Soviet ideals'
as the Marxist Unification party.
BARCELONA, Spain., Oct. 12
(UP). —Julian Gomez Garcia, one of
(he principal defendants in Loyalist
Spain's "Trotskyist treason" trial,
today testified confiscated funds
have been sent to the United States,
Canada, and Great Britain to help
finance anti-Soviet and anti-Fascist
activities.
Although the seven defendants are
accused of betraying the Loyalists
government to the Spanish rebels
and firing the May 1937 Catalonian
revolt in which close to 1000 per
sons were reported killed in week
long street fighting, the main charge
against them is they treasonably
attempted to picture the Loyalist
government as a radical one rather
than a republican regime, 1 hereby
encouraging German and Italian in
tervention.
Gomez, who testified as two guards
stood over him with rifles and bay
onets in the tiny courtroom, said
funds were sent to groups abroad
which were "interested in the same
anti-Fascist and anti-Soviet ideals'
as the Marxist Unification party.
BARCELONA, Spain., Oct. 12
(UP). —Julian Gomez Garcia, one of
(he principal defendants in Loyalist
Spain's "Trotskyist treason" trial,
today testified confiscated funds
have been sent to the United States,
Canada, and Great Britain to help
finance anti-Soviet and anti-Fascist
activities.
Although the seven defendants are
accused of betraying the Loyalists
government to the Spanish rebels
and firing the May 1937 Catalonian
revolt in which close to 1000 per
sons were reported killed in week
long street fighting, the main charge
against them is they treasonably
attempted to picture the Loyalist
government as a radical one rather
than a republican regime, 1 hereby
encouraging German and Italian in
tervention.
Gomez, who testified as two guards
stood over him with rifles and bay
onets in the tiny courtroom, said
funds were sent to groups abroad
which were "interested in the same
anti-Fascist and anti-Soviet ideals'
as the Marxist Unification party.
BARCELONA, Spain., Oct. 12
(UP). —Julian Gomez Garcia, one of
(he principal defendants in Loyalist
Spain's "Trotskyist treason" trial,
today testified confiscated funds
have been sent to the United States,
Canada, and Great Britain to help
finance anti-Soviet and anti-Fascist
activities.
Although the seven defendants are
accused of betraying the Loyalists
government to the Spanish rebels
and firing the May 1937 Catalonian
revolt in which close to 1000 per
sons were reported killed in week
long street fighting, the main charge
against them is they treasonably
attempted to picture the Loyalist
government as a radical one rather
than a republican regime, 1 hereby
encouraging German and Italian in
tervention.
Gomez, who testified as two guards
stood over him with rifles and bay
onets in the tiny courtroom, said
funds were sent to groups abroad
which were "interested in the same
anti-Fascist and anti-Soviet ideals'
as the Marxist Unification party.
BARCELONA, Spain., Oct. 12
(UP). —Julian Gomez Garcia, one of
(he principal defendants in Loyalist
Spain's "Trotskyist treason" trial,
today testified confiscated funds
have been sent to the United States,
Canada, and Great Britain to help
finance anti-Soviet and anti-Fascist
activities.
Although the seven defendants are
accused of betraying the Loyalists
government to the Spanish rebels
and firing the May 1937 Catalonian
revolt in which close to 1000 per
sons were reported killed in week
long street fighting, the main charge
against them is they treasonably
attempted to picture the Loyalist
government as a radical one rather
than a republican regime, 1 hereby
encouraging German and Italian in
tervention.
Gomez, who testified as two guards
stood over him with rifles and bay
onets in the tiny courtroom, said
funds were sent to groups abroad
which were "interested in the same
anti-Fascist and anti-Soviet ideals'
as the Marxist Unification party.
BARCELONA, Spain., Oct. 12
(UP). —Julian Gomez Garcia, one of
(he principal defendants in Loyalist
Spain's "Trotskyist treason" trial,
today testified confiscated funds
have been sent to the United States,
Canada, and Great Britain to help
finance anti-Soviet and anti-Fascist
activities.
Although the seven defendants are
accused of betraying the Loyalists
government to the Spanish rebels
and firing the May 1937 Catalonian
revolt in which close to 1000 per
sons were reported killed in week
long street fighting, the main charge
against them is they treasonably
attempted to picture the Loyalist
government as a radical one rather
than a republican regime, 1 hereby
encouraging German and Italian in
tervention.
Gomez, who testified as two guards
stood over him with rifles and bay
onets in the tiny courtroom, said
funds were sent to groups abroad
which were "interested in the same
anti-Fascist and anti-Soviet ideals'
as the Marxist Unification party.
BARCELONA, Spain., Oct. 12
(UP). —Julian Gomez Garcia, one of
(he principal defendants in Loyalist
Spain's "Trotskyist treason" trial,
today testified confiscated funds
have been sent to the United States,
Canada, and Great Britain to help
finance anti-Soviet and anti-Fascist
activities.
Although the seven defendants are
accused of betraying the Loyalists
government to the Spanish rebels
and firing the May 1937 Catalonian
revolt in which close to 1000 per
sons were reported killed in week
long street fighting, the main charge
against them is they treasonably
attempted to picture the Loyalist
government as a radical one rather
than a republican regime, 1 hereby
encouraging German and Italian in
tervention.
Gomez, who testified as two guards
stood over him with rifles and bay
onets in the tiny courtroom, said
funds were sent to groups abroad
which were "interested in the same
anti-Fascist and anti-Soviet ideals'
as the Marxist Unification party.
