# THETA CHI PLEDGE
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Lyons, class of
11, to Theta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Lyons, class of
11, to Theta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Lyons, class of
11, to Theta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Lyons, class of
11, to Theta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Lyons, class of
11, to Theta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Lyons, class of
11, to Theta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Lyons, class of
11, to Theta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Lyons, class of
11, to Theta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Lyons, class of
11, to Theta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Lyons, class of
11, to Theta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Lyons, class of
11, to Theta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Lyons, class of
11, to Theta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Lyons, class of
11, to Theta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Lyons, class of
11, to Theta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Lyons, class of
11, to Theta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Lyons, class of
11, to Theta Chi.
