# PHI KAP PLEDGE
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of David Bloom, class
of '40, and John Hughmanick, '40, to
Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of David Bloom, class
of '40, and John Hughmanick, '40, to
Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of David Bloom, class
of '40, and John Hughmanick, '40, to
Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of David Bloom, class
of '40, and John Hughmanick, '40, to
Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of David Bloom, class
of '40, and John Hughmanick, '40, to
Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of David Bloom, class
of '40, and John Hughmanick, '40, to
Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of David Bloom, class
of '40, and John Hughmanick, '40, to
Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of David Bloom, class
of '40, and John Hughmanick, '40, to
Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of David Bloom, class
of '40, and John Hughmanick, '40, to
Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of David Bloom, class
of '40, and John Hughmanick, '40, to
Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of David Bloom, class
of '40, and John Hughmanick, '40, to
Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of David Bloom, class
of '40, and John Hughmanick, '40, to
Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of David Bloom, class
of '40, and John Hughmanick, '40, to
Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of David Bloom, class
of '40, and John Hughmanick, '40, to
Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of David Bloom, class
of '40, and John Hughmanick, '40, to
Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of David Bloom, class
of '40, and John Hughmanick, '40, to
Phi Kappa Sigma.
