# Wallace Approves Dumping Plan
## 
### 
Surplus products are to he dump
ed into the hands of poor Americans
at prices below those prevailing in
the market, said Henry Wallace,
head of the Dcpartmenl r»f Agricul
ture, late yesterday. lie also added
that the government would pay for
the losses sustained in such sales.
This program, which has been de
signed primarily to reduce surpluses
and thus buoy prices received by
farmers, is the answer of the Ad
ministration to the unrest in the
farm bells.
"Such a plan should certainly ap
peal to the American people. Of
course such commodities as cotton,
vegetables, fruits, and dairy prod
ucts will be most affected, but if
there is to be any dumping of sur
plus farm products," said Wallace in
closing, "it will be done at home to
help the lower third of our people
rather than foreign countries.
Surplus products are to he dump
ed into the hands of poor Americans
at prices below those prevailing in
the market, said Henry Wallace,
head of the Dcpartmenl r»f Agricul
ture, late yesterday. lie also added
that the government would pay for
the losses sustained in such sales.
This program, which has been de
signed primarily to reduce surpluses
and thus buoy prices received by
farmers, is the answer of the Ad
ministration to the unrest in the
farm bells.
"Such a plan should certainly ap
peal to the American people. Of
course such commodities as cotton,
vegetables, fruits, and dairy prod
ucts will be most affected, but if
there is to be any dumping of sur
plus farm products," said Wallace in
closing, "it will be done at home to
help the lower third of our people
rather than foreign countries.
Surplus products are to he dump
ed into the hands of poor Americans
at prices below those prevailing in
the market, said Henry Wallace,
head of the Dcpartmenl r»f Agricul
ture, late yesterday. lie also added
that the government would pay for
the losses sustained in such sales.
This program, which has been de
signed primarily to reduce surpluses
and thus buoy prices received by
farmers, is the answer of the Ad
ministration to the unrest in the
farm bells.
"Such a plan should certainly ap
peal to the American people. Of
course such commodities as cotton,
vegetables, fruits, and dairy prod
ucts will be most affected, but if
there is to be any dumping of sur
plus farm products," said Wallace in
closing, "it will be done at home to
help the lower third of our people
rather than foreign countries.
Surplus products are to he dump
ed into the hands of poor Americans
at prices below those prevailing in
the market, said Henry Wallace,
head of the Dcpartmenl r»f Agricul
ture, late yesterday. lie also added
that the government would pay for
the losses sustained in such sales.
This program, which has been de
signed primarily to reduce surpluses
and thus buoy prices received by
farmers, is the answer of the Ad
ministration to the unrest in the
farm bells.
"Such a plan should certainly ap
peal to the American people. Of
course such commodities as cotton,
vegetables, fruits, and dairy prod
ucts will be most affected, but if
there is to be any dumping of sur
plus farm products," said Wallace in
closing, "it will be done at home to
help the lower third of our people
rather than foreign countries.
Surplus products are to he dump
ed into the hands of poor Americans
at prices below those prevailing in
the market, said Henry Wallace,
head of the Dcpartmenl r»f Agricul
ture, late yesterday. lie also added
that the government would pay for
the losses sustained in such sales.
This program, which has been de
signed primarily to reduce surpluses
and thus buoy prices received by
farmers, is the answer of the Ad
ministration to the unrest in the
farm bells.
"Such a plan should certainly ap
peal to the American people. Of
course such commodities as cotton,
vegetables, fruits, and dairy prod
ucts will be most affected, but if
there is to be any dumping of sur
plus farm products," said Wallace in
closing, "it will be done at home to
help the lower third of our people
rather than foreign countries.
Surplus products are to he dump
ed into the hands of poor Americans
at prices below those prevailing in
the market, said Henry Wallace,
head of the Dcpartmenl r»f Agricul
ture, late yesterday. lie also added
that the government would pay for
the losses sustained in such sales.
This program, which has been de
signed primarily to reduce surpluses
and thus buoy prices received by
farmers, is the answer of the Ad
ministration to the unrest in the
farm bells.
"Such a plan should certainly ap
peal to the American people. Of
course such commodities as cotton,
vegetables, fruits, and dairy prod
ucts will be most affected, but if
there is to be any dumping of sur
plus farm products," said Wallace in
closing, "it will be done at home to
help the lower third of our people
rather than foreign countries.
Surplus products are to he dump
ed into the hands of poor Americans
at prices below those prevailing in
the market, said Henry Wallace,
head of the Dcpartmenl r»f Agricul
ture, late yesterday. lie also added
that the government would pay for
the losses sustained in such sales.
This program, which has been de
signed primarily to reduce surpluses
and thus buoy prices received by
farmers, is the answer of the Ad
ministration to the unrest in the
farm bells.
"Such a plan should certainly ap
peal to the American people. Of
course such commodities as cotton,
vegetables, fruits, and dairy prod
ucts will be most affected, but if
there is to be any dumping of sur
plus farm products," said Wallace in
closing, "it will be done at home to
help the lower third of our people
rather than foreign countries.
Surplus products are to he dump
ed into the hands of poor Americans
at prices below those prevailing in
the market, said Henry Wallace,
head of the Dcpartmenl r»f Agricul
ture, late yesterday. lie also added
that the government would pay for
the losses sustained in such sales.
This program, which has been de
signed primarily to reduce surpluses
and thus buoy prices received by
farmers, is the answer of the Ad
ministration to the unrest in the
farm bells.
"Such a plan should certainly ap
peal to the American people. Of
course such commodities as cotton,
vegetables, fruits, and dairy prod
ucts will be most affected, but if
there is to be any dumping of sur
plus farm products," said Wallace in
closing, "it will be done at home to
help the lower third of our people
rather than foreign countries.
Surplus products are to he dump
ed into the hands of poor Americans
at prices below those prevailing in
the market, said Henry Wallace,
head of the Dcpartmenl r»f Agricul
ture, late yesterday. lie also added
that the government would pay for
the losses sustained in such sales.
This program, which has been de
signed primarily to reduce surpluses
and thus buoy prices received by
farmers, is the answer of the Ad
ministration to the unrest in the
farm bells.
"Such a plan should certainly ap
peal to the American people. Of
course such commodities as cotton,
vegetables, fruits, and dairy prod
ucts will be most affected, but if
there is to be any dumping of sur
plus farm products," said Wallace in
closing, "it will be done at home to
help the lower third of our people
rather than foreign countries.
Surplus products are to he dump
ed into the hands of poor Americans
at prices below those prevailing in
the market, said Henry Wallace,
head of the Dcpartmenl r»f Agricul
ture, late yesterday. lie also added
that the government would pay for
the losses sustained in such sales.
This program, which has been de
signed primarily to reduce surpluses
and thus buoy prices received by
farmers, is the answer of the Ad
ministration to the unrest in the
farm bells.
"Such a plan should certainly ap
peal to the American people. Of
course such commodities as cotton,
vegetables, fruits, and dairy prod
ucts will be most affected, but if
there is to be any dumping of sur
plus farm products," said Wallace in
closing, "it will be done at home to
help the lower third of our people
rather than foreign countries.
Surplus products are to he dump
ed into the hands of poor Americans
at prices below those prevailing in
the market, said Henry Wallace,
head of the Dcpartmenl r»f Agricul
ture, late yesterday. lie also added
that the government would pay for
the losses sustained in such sales.
This program, which has been de
signed primarily to reduce surpluses
and thus buoy prices received by
farmers, is the answer of the Ad
ministration to the unrest in the
farm bells.
"Such a plan should certainly ap
peal to the American people. Of
course such commodities as cotton,
vegetables, fruits, and dairy prod
ucts will be most affected, but if
there is to be any dumping of sur
plus farm products," said Wallace in
closing, "it will be done at home to
help the lower third of our people
rather than foreign countries.
Surplus products are to he dump
ed into the hands of poor Americans
at prices below those prevailing in
the market, said Henry Wallace,
head of the Dcpartmenl r»f Agricul
ture, late yesterday. lie also added
that the government would pay for
the losses sustained in such sales.
This program, which has been de
signed primarily to reduce surpluses
and thus buoy prices received by
farmers, is the answer of the Ad
ministration to the unrest in the
farm bells.
"Such a plan should certainly ap
peal to the American people. Of
course such commodities as cotton,
vegetables, fruits, and dairy prod
ucts will be most affected, but if
there is to be any dumping of sur
plus farm products," said Wallace in
closing, "it will be done at home to
help the lower third of our people
rather than foreign countries.
Surplus products are to he dump
ed into the hands of poor Americans
at prices below those prevailing in
the market, said Henry Wallace,
head of the Dcpartmenl r»f Agricul
ture, late yesterday. lie also added
that the government would pay for
the losses sustained in such sales.
This program, which has been de
signed primarily to reduce surpluses
and thus buoy prices received by
farmers, is the answer of the Ad
ministration to the unrest in the
farm bells.
"Such a plan should certainly ap
peal to the American people. Of
course such commodities as cotton,
vegetables, fruits, and dairy prod
ucts will be most affected, but if
there is to be any dumping of sur
plus farm products," said Wallace in
closing, "it will be done at home to
help the lower third of our people
rather than foreign countries.
Surplus products are to he dump
ed into the hands of poor Americans
at prices below those prevailing in
the market, said Henry Wallace,
head of the Dcpartmenl r»f Agricul
ture, late yesterday. lie also added
that the government would pay for
the losses sustained in such sales.
This program, which has been de
signed primarily to reduce surpluses
and thus buoy prices received by
farmers, is the answer of the Ad
ministration to the unrest in the
farm bells.
"Such a plan should certainly ap
peal to the American people. Of
course such commodities as cotton,
vegetables, fruits, and dairy prod
ucts will be most affected, but if
there is to be any dumping of sur
plus farm products," said Wallace in
closing, "it will be done at home to
help the lower third of our people
rather than foreign countries.
Surplus products are to he dump
ed into the hands of poor Americans
at prices below those prevailing in
the market, said Henry Wallace,
head of the Dcpartmenl r»f Agricul
ture, late yesterday. lie also added
that the government would pay for
the losses sustained in such sales.
This program, which has been de
signed primarily to reduce surpluses
and thus buoy prices received by
farmers, is the answer of the Ad
ministration to the unrest in the
farm bells.
"Such a plan should certainly ap
peal to the American people. Of
course such commodities as cotton,
vegetables, fruits, and dairy prod
ucts will be most affected, but if
there is to be any dumping of sur
plus farm products," said Wallace in
closing, "it will be done at home to
help the lower third of our people
rather than foreign countries.
Surplus products are to he dump
ed into the hands of poor Americans
at prices below those prevailing in
the market, said Henry Wallace,
head of the Dcpartmenl r»f Agricul
ture, late yesterday. lie also added
that the government would pay for
the losses sustained in such sales.
This program, which has been de
signed primarily to reduce surpluses
and thus buoy prices received by
farmers, is the answer of the Ad
ministration to the unrest in the
farm bells.
"Such a plan should certainly ap
peal to the American people. Of
course such commodities as cotton,
vegetables, fruits, and dairy prod
ucts will be most affected, but if
there is to be any dumping of sur
plus farm products," said Wallace in
closing, "it will be done at home to
help the lower third of our people
rather than foreign countries.
