# Laboratory Operation
## 
### 

DIKTKICII BODKN'STKIN. researcli associate in the School of Biol
ogy, at the microscope, prepares to perform a delicate ligature on
chrvsallis of the California oak moth. One experiment includes the
fusing of two complete oak moth chry-allcs head to head by means of
wax. The result: Two completely developed moths grown together.

DIKTKICII BODKN'STKIN. researcli associate in the School of Biol
ogy, at the microscope, prepares to perform a delicate ligature on
chrvsallis of the California oak moth. One experiment includes the
fusing of two complete oak moth chry-allcs head to head by means of
wax. The result: Two completely developed moths grown together.

DIKTKICII BODKN'STKIN. researcli associate in the School of Biol
ogy, at the microscope, prepares to perform a delicate ligature on
chrvsallis of the California oak moth. One experiment includes the
fusing of two complete oak moth chry-allcs head to head by means of
wax. The result: Two completely developed moths grown together.

DIKTKICII BODKN'STKIN. researcli associate in the School of Biol
ogy, at the microscope, prepares to perform a delicate ligature on
chrvsallis of the California oak moth. One experiment includes the
fusing of two complete oak moth chry-allcs head to head by means of
wax. The result: Two completely developed moths grown together.

DIKTKICII BODKN'STKIN. researcli associate in the School of Biol
ogy, at the microscope, prepares to perform a delicate ligature on
chrvsallis of the California oak moth. One experiment includes the
fusing of two complete oak moth chry-allcs head to head by means of
wax. The result: Two completely developed moths grown together.

DIKTKICII BODKN'STKIN. researcli associate in the School of Biol
ogy, at the microscope, prepares to perform a delicate ligature on
chrvsallis of the California oak moth. One experiment includes the
fusing of two complete oak moth chry-allcs head to head by means of
wax. The result: Two completely developed moths grown together.

DIKTKICII BODKN'STKIN. researcli associate in the School of Biol
ogy, at the microscope, prepares to perform a delicate ligature on
chrvsallis of the California oak moth. One experiment includes the
fusing of two complete oak moth chry-allcs head to head by means of
wax. The result: Two completely developed moths grown together.

DIKTKICII BODKN'STKIN. researcli associate in the School of Biol
ogy, at the microscope, prepares to perform a delicate ligature on
chrvsallis of the California oak moth. One experiment includes the
fusing of two complete oak moth chry-allcs head to head by means of
wax. The result: Two completely developed moths grown together.

DIKTKICII BODKN'STKIN. researcli associate in the School of Biol
ogy, at the microscope, prepares to perform a delicate ligature on
chrvsallis of the California oak moth. One experiment includes the
fusing of two complete oak moth chry-allcs head to head by means of
wax. The result: Two completely developed moths grown together.

DIKTKICII BODKN'STKIN. researcli associate in the School of Biol
ogy, at the microscope, prepares to perform a delicate ligature on
chrvsallis of the California oak moth. One experiment includes the
fusing of two complete oak moth chry-allcs head to head by means of
wax. The result: Two completely developed moths grown together.

DIKTKICII BODKN'STKIN. researcli associate in the School of Biol
ogy, at the microscope, prepares to perform a delicate ligature on
chrvsallis of the California oak moth. One experiment includes the
fusing of two complete oak moth chry-allcs head to head by means of
wax. The result: Two completely developed moths grown together.

DIKTKICII BODKN'STKIN. researcli associate in the School of Biol
ogy, at the microscope, prepares to perform a delicate ligature on
chrvsallis of the California oak moth. One experiment includes the
fusing of two complete oak moth chry-allcs head to head by means of
wax. The result: Two completely developed moths grown together.

DIKTKICII BODKN'STKIN. researcli associate in the School of Biol
ogy, at the microscope, prepares to perform a delicate ligature on
chrvsallis of the California oak moth. One experiment includes the
fusing of two complete oak moth chry-allcs head to head by means of
wax. The result: Two completely developed moths grown together.

DIKTKICII BODKN'STKIN. researcli associate in the School of Biol
ogy, at the microscope, prepares to perform a delicate ligature on
chrvsallis of the California oak moth. One experiment includes the
fusing of two complete oak moth chry-allcs head to head by means of
wax. The result: Two completely developed moths grown together.

DIKTKICII BODKN'STKIN. researcli associate in the School of Biol
ogy, at the microscope, prepares to perform a delicate ligature on
chrvsallis of the California oak moth. One experiment includes the
fusing of two complete oak moth chry-allcs head to head by means of
wax. The result: Two completely developed moths grown together.

DIKTKICII BODKN'STKIN. researcli associate in the School of Biol
ogy, at the microscope, prepares to perform a delicate ligature on
chrvsallis of the California oak moth. One experiment includes the
fusing of two complete oak moth chry-allcs head to head by means of
wax. The result: Two completely developed moths grown together.
