# DELTA CHI PLEDGE
## 
### 
Intel fraternity Council announces
lie pledging of Don Benton, class of
40, to Delta Chi.
Intel fraternity Council announces
lie pledging of Don Benton, class of
40, to Delta Chi.
Intel fraternity Council announces
lie pledging of Don Benton, class of
40, to Delta Chi.
Intel fraternity Council announces
lie pledging of Don Benton, class of
40, to Delta Chi.
Intel fraternity Council announces
lie pledging of Don Benton, class of
40, to Delta Chi.
Intel fraternity Council announces
lie pledging of Don Benton, class of
40, to Delta Chi.
Intel fraternity Council announces
lie pledging of Don Benton, class of
40, to Delta Chi.
Intel fraternity Council announces
lie pledging of Don Benton, class of
40, to Delta Chi.
Intel fraternity Council announces
lie pledging of Don Benton, class of
40, to Delta Chi.
Intel fraternity Council announces
lie pledging of Don Benton, class of
40, to Delta Chi.
Intel fraternity Council announces
lie pledging of Don Benton, class of
40, to Delta Chi.
Intel fraternity Council announces
lie pledging of Don Benton, class of
40, to Delta Chi.
Intel fraternity Council announces
lie pledging of Don Benton, class of
40, to Delta Chi.
Intel fraternity Council announces
lie pledging of Don Benton, class of
40, to Delta Chi.
Intel fraternity Council announces
lie pledging of Don Benton, class of
40, to Delta Chi.
Intel fraternity Council announces
lie pledging of Don Benton, class of
40, to Delta Chi.
