# Morris Addresses A.S.C.E. Meeting
## 
### 
Featuring short talks by Dean
Samuel B. Morris, Eugene L. Grant,
and Leon B. Reynolds, of the
School of Engineering, the first
meeting of the Stanford chapter of
the American Society of Civil En
gineers was held last night at the
home of Professor Harry Williams,
Menlo Park.
A motion picture comedy of sum
mer surveying was also presented,
according to Thorburn Riebcn, pres
ident of the club.
Featuring short talks by Dean
Samuel B. Morris, Eugene L. Grant,
and Leon B. Reynolds, of the
School of Engineering, the first
meeting of the Stanford chapter of
the American Society of Civil En
gineers was held last night at the
home of Professor Harry Williams,
Menlo Park.
A motion picture comedy of sum
mer surveying was also presented,
according to Thorburn Riebcn, pres
ident of the club.
Featuring short talks by Dean
Samuel B. Morris, Eugene L. Grant,
and Leon B. Reynolds, of the
School of Engineering, the first
meeting of the Stanford chapter of
the American Society of Civil En
gineers was held last night at the
home of Professor Harry Williams,
Menlo Park.
A motion picture comedy of sum
mer surveying was also presented,
according to Thorburn Riebcn, pres
ident of the club.
Featuring short talks by Dean
Samuel B. Morris, Eugene L. Grant,
and Leon B. Reynolds, of the
School of Engineering, the first
meeting of the Stanford chapter of
the American Society of Civil En
gineers was held last night at the
home of Professor Harry Williams,
Menlo Park.
A motion picture comedy of sum
mer surveying was also presented,
according to Thorburn Riebcn, pres
ident of the club.
Featuring short talks by Dean
Samuel B. Morris, Eugene L. Grant,
and Leon B. Reynolds, of the
School of Engineering, the first
meeting of the Stanford chapter of
the American Society of Civil En
gineers was held last night at the
home of Professor Harry Williams,
Menlo Park.
A motion picture comedy of sum
mer surveying was also presented,
according to Thorburn Riebcn, pres
ident of the club.
Featuring short talks by Dean
Samuel B. Morris, Eugene L. Grant,
and Leon B. Reynolds, of the
School of Engineering, the first
meeting of the Stanford chapter of
the American Society of Civil En
gineers was held last night at the
home of Professor Harry Williams,
Menlo Park.
A motion picture comedy of sum
mer surveying was also presented,
according to Thorburn Riebcn, pres
ident of the club.
Featuring short talks by Dean
Samuel B. Morris, Eugene L. Grant,
and Leon B. Reynolds, of the
School of Engineering, the first
meeting of the Stanford chapter of
the American Society of Civil En
gineers was held last night at the
home of Professor Harry Williams,
Menlo Park.
A motion picture comedy of sum
mer surveying was also presented,
according to Thorburn Riebcn, pres
ident of the club.
Featuring short talks by Dean
Samuel B. Morris, Eugene L. Grant,
and Leon B. Reynolds, of the
School of Engineering, the first
meeting of the Stanford chapter of
the American Society of Civil En
gineers was held last night at the
home of Professor Harry Williams,
Menlo Park.
A motion picture comedy of sum
mer surveying was also presented,
according to Thorburn Riebcn, pres
ident of the club.
Featuring short talks by Dean
Samuel B. Morris, Eugene L. Grant,
and Leon B. Reynolds, of the
School of Engineering, the first
meeting of the Stanford chapter of
the American Society of Civil En
gineers was held last night at the
home of Professor Harry Williams,
Menlo Park.
A motion picture comedy of sum
mer surveying was also presented,
according to Thorburn Riebcn, pres
ident of the club.
Featuring short talks by Dean
Samuel B. Morris, Eugene L. Grant,
and Leon B. Reynolds, of the
School of Engineering, the first
meeting of the Stanford chapter of
the American Society of Civil En
gineers was held last night at the
home of Professor Harry Williams,
Menlo Park.
A motion picture comedy of sum
mer surveying was also presented,
according to Thorburn Riebcn, pres
ident of the club.
Featuring short talks by Dean
Samuel B. Morris, Eugene L. Grant,
and Leon B. Reynolds, of the
School of Engineering, the first
meeting of the Stanford chapter of
the American Society of Civil En
gineers was held last night at the
home of Professor Harry Williams,
Menlo Park.
A motion picture comedy of sum
mer surveying was also presented,
according to Thorburn Riebcn, pres
ident of the club.
Featuring short talks by Dean
Samuel B. Morris, Eugene L. Grant,
and Leon B. Reynolds, of the
School of Engineering, the first
meeting of the Stanford chapter of
the American Society of Civil En
gineers was held last night at the
home of Professor Harry Williams,
Menlo Park.
A motion picture comedy of sum
mer surveying was also presented,
according to Thorburn Riebcn, pres
ident of the club.
Featuring short talks by Dean
Samuel B. Morris, Eugene L. Grant,
and Leon B. Reynolds, of the
School of Engineering, the first
meeting of the Stanford chapter of
the American Society of Civil En
gineers was held last night at the
home of Professor Harry Williams,
Menlo Park.
A motion picture comedy of sum
mer surveying was also presented,
according to Thorburn Riebcn, pres
ident of the club.
Featuring short talks by Dean
Samuel B. Morris, Eugene L. Grant,
and Leon B. Reynolds, of the
School of Engineering, the first
meeting of the Stanford chapter of
the American Society of Civil En
gineers was held last night at the
home of Professor Harry Williams,
Menlo Park.
A motion picture comedy of sum
mer surveying was also presented,
according to Thorburn Riebcn, pres
ident of the club.
Featuring short talks by Dean
Samuel B. Morris, Eugene L. Grant,
and Leon B. Reynolds, of the
School of Engineering, the first
meeting of the Stanford chapter of
the American Society of Civil En
gineers was held last night at the
home of Professor Harry Williams,
Menlo Park.
A motion picture comedy of sum
mer surveying was also presented,
according to Thorburn Riebcn, pres
ident of the club.
Featuring short talks by Dean
Samuel B. Morris, Eugene L. Grant,
and Leon B. Reynolds, of the
School of Engineering, the first
meeting of the Stanford chapter of
the American Society of Civil En
gineers was held last night at the
home of Professor Harry Williams,
Menlo Park.
A motion picture comedy of sum
mer surveying was also presented,
according to Thorburn Riebcn, pres
ident of the club.
