# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Thk Carnot Debate, which has
been definitely fixed upon for a
week from today, is now fast be
coming the supreme topic of con
versation at Stanford. Unless we
win the debate this year the Uni
versity of California will have a
long lead in this intercollegiate
event, it being remembered that
the score now stands two to one in
favor of our opponents. A victory
is especially needed this year. We
have entire confidence in the team,
and what will help the team more
toward victory will be the presence
of a large Stanford delegation at
the debate to remove some of the
chill of a Berkeley audience. The
team has done its best in prepar
ing arguments, the student body
must give in return cordial sup
port.
Thk Carnot Debate, which has
been definitely fixed upon for a
week from today, is now fast be
coming the supreme topic of con
versation at Stanford. Unless we
win the debate this year the Uni
versity of California will have a
long lead in this intercollegiate
event, it being remembered that
the score now stands two to one in
favor of our opponents. A victory
is especially needed this year. We
have entire confidence in the team,
and what will help the team more
toward victory will be the presence
of a large Stanford delegation at
the debate to remove some of the
chill of a Berkeley audience. The
team has done its best in prepar
ing arguments, the student body
must give in return cordial sup
port.
Thk Carnot Debate, which has
been definitely fixed upon for a
week from today, is now fast be
coming the supreme topic of con
versation at Stanford. Unless we
win the debate this year the Uni
versity of California will have a
long lead in this intercollegiate
event, it being remembered that
the score now stands two to one in
favor of our opponents. A victory
is especially needed this year. We
have entire confidence in the team,
and what will help the team more
toward victory will be the presence
of a large Stanford delegation at
the debate to remove some of the
chill of a Berkeley audience. The
team has done its best in prepar
ing arguments, the student body
must give in return cordial sup
port.
Thk Carnot Debate, which has
been definitely fixed upon for a
week from today, is now fast be
coming the supreme topic of con
versation at Stanford. Unless we
win the debate this year the Uni
versity of California will have a
long lead in this intercollegiate
event, it being remembered that
the score now stands two to one in
favor of our opponents. A victory
is especially needed this year. We
have entire confidence in the team,
and what will help the team more
toward victory will be the presence
of a large Stanford delegation at
the debate to remove some of the
chill of a Berkeley audience. The
team has done its best in prepar
ing arguments, the student body
must give in return cordial sup
port.
Thk Carnot Debate, which has
been definitely fixed upon for a
week from today, is now fast be
coming the supreme topic of con
versation at Stanford. Unless we
win the debate this year the Uni
versity of California will have a
long lead in this intercollegiate
event, it being remembered that
the score now stands two to one in
favor of our opponents. A victory
is especially needed this year. We
have entire confidence in the team,
and what will help the team more
toward victory will be the presence
of a large Stanford delegation at
the debate to remove some of the
chill of a Berkeley audience. The
team has done its best in prepar
ing arguments, the student body
must give in return cordial sup
port.
