# Adv. 19 Page 5
## 
### 
ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Caflyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
w
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlule
J jewelers
535 Bryant Streat
Downtown Palo Alto
| 323-2834
ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Caflyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
w
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlule
J jewelers
535 Bryant Streat
Downtown Palo Alto
| 323-2834
ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Caflyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
w
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlule
J jewelers
535 Bryant Streat
Downtown Palo Alto
| 323-2834
ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Caflyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
w
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlule
J jewelers
535 Bryant Streat
Downtown Palo Alto
| 323-2834
ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Caflyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
w
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlule
J jewelers
535 Bryant Streat
Downtown Palo Alto
| 323-2834
ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Caflyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
w
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlule
J jewelers
535 Bryant Streat
Downtown Palo Alto
| 323-2834
ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Caflyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
w
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlule
J jewelers
535 Bryant Streat
Downtown Palo Alto
| 323-2834
ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Caflyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
w
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlule
J jewelers
535 Bryant Streat
Downtown Palo Alto
| 323-2834
ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Caflyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
w
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlule
J jewelers
535 Bryant Streat
Downtown Palo Alto
| 323-2834
ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Caflyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
w
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlule
J jewelers
535 Bryant Streat
Downtown Palo Alto
| 323-2834
ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Caflyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
w
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlule
J jewelers
535 Bryant Streat
Downtown Palo Alto
| 323-2834
ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Caflyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
w
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlule
J jewelers
535 Bryant Streat
Downtown Palo Alto
| 323-2834
ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Caflyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
w
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlule
J jewelers
535 Bryant Streat
Downtown Palo Alto
| 323-2834
ore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Caflyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
w
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlule
J jewelers
535 Bryant Streat
Downtown Palo Alto
| 323-2834
