# KSU Appoints New Directors
## 
### 
KSU department heads were ap
pointed yesterday afternoon in a
meeting of the newly elected oper
ating staff members, announced Bill
Kane, station manager. They in
clude:
Sales manager, Fred Stciner; con
tinuity director, Maybell Zobel (a
co-director of continuity will be
appointed at a later date); person
nel manager, Kay Lloyd; traffic
manager, Elaine Elliott; special
events director, Ralph Stevens;
publicity director, Mary Ann Yct
tei; art director, Noel Shoemaker;
dramatics director, Monte Himmel
baum; commercial continuity direc
tor. Van Brady; transcription li
brarian, Helen Gaylord; and chief
photographer, Howard Halbert.
Operating staff members elected
in the KSU second term elections
held last week are Bill Kane, re
elected as station manager; Gerry
Winkler, program director; Jack
Wernli, chief engineer; and Mary
Hill, station relations manager.
Others elected include Kay Mc-
Kenna, music director; Stu Whittcl
sey, chief announcer; Mort Rosen
blum, news director; and Claude
Rosenberg, sports director.
Those elected, taking office this
week, will serve the rest of the
school year.


BILL KANE
KSU department heads were ap
pointed yesterday afternoon in a
meeting of the newly elected oper
ating staff members, announced Bill
Kane, station manager. They in
clude:
Sales manager, Fred Stciner; con
tinuity director, Maybell Zobel (a
co-director of continuity will be
appointed at a later date); person
nel manager, Kay Lloyd; traffic
manager, Elaine Elliott; special
events director, Ralph Stevens;
publicity director, Mary Ann Yct
tei; art director, Noel Shoemaker;
dramatics director, Monte Himmel
baum; commercial continuity direc
tor. Van Brady; transcription li
brarian, Helen Gaylord; and chief
photographer, Howard Halbert.
Operating staff members elected
in the KSU second term elections
held last week are Bill Kane, re
elected as station manager; Gerry
Winkler, program director; Jack
Wernli, chief engineer; and Mary
Hill, station relations manager.
Others elected include Kay Mc-
Kenna, music director; Stu Whittcl
sey, chief announcer; Mort Rosen
blum, news director; and Claude
Rosenberg, sports director.
Those elected, taking office this
week, will serve the rest of the
school year.


BILL KANE
KSU department heads were ap
pointed yesterday afternoon in a
meeting of the newly elected oper
ating staff members, announced Bill
Kane, station manager. They in
clude:
Sales manager, Fred Stciner; con
tinuity director, Maybell Zobel (a
co-director of continuity will be
appointed at a later date); person
nel manager, Kay Lloyd; traffic
manager, Elaine Elliott; special
events director, Ralph Stevens;
publicity director, Mary Ann Yct
tei; art director, Noel Shoemaker;
dramatics director, Monte Himmel
baum; commercial continuity direc
tor. Van Brady; transcription li
brarian, Helen Gaylord; and chief
photographer, Howard Halbert.
Operating staff members elected
in the KSU second term elections
held last week are Bill Kane, re
elected as station manager; Gerry
Winkler, program director; Jack
Wernli, chief engineer; and Mary
Hill, station relations manager.
Others elected include Kay Mc-
Kenna, music director; Stu Whittcl
sey, chief announcer; Mort Rosen
blum, news director; and Claude
Rosenberg, sports director.
Those elected, taking office this
week, will serve the rest of the
school year.


BILL KANE
KSU department heads were ap
pointed yesterday afternoon in a
meeting of the newly elected oper
ating staff members, announced Bill
Kane, station manager. They in
clude:
Sales manager, Fred Stciner; con
tinuity director, Maybell Zobel (a
co-director of continuity will be
appointed at a later date); person
nel manager, Kay Lloyd; traffic
manager, Elaine Elliott; special
events director, Ralph Stevens;
publicity director, Mary Ann Yct
tei; art director, Noel Shoemaker;
dramatics director, Monte Himmel
baum; commercial continuity direc
tor. Van Brady; transcription li
brarian, Helen Gaylord; and chief
photographer, Howard Halbert.
Operating staff members elected
in the KSU second term elections
held last week are Bill Kane, re
elected as station manager; Gerry
Winkler, program director; Jack
Wernli, chief engineer; and Mary
Hill, station relations manager.
Others elected include Kay Mc-
Kenna, music director; Stu Whittcl
sey, chief announcer; Mort Rosen
blum, news director; and Claude
Rosenberg, sports director.
Those elected, taking office this
week, will serve the rest of the
school year.


BILL KANE
KSU department heads were ap
pointed yesterday afternoon in a
meeting of the newly elected oper
ating staff members, announced Bill
Kane, station manager. They in
clude:
Sales manager, Fred Stciner; con
tinuity director, Maybell Zobel (a
co-director of continuity will be
appointed at a later date); person
nel manager, Kay Lloyd; traffic
manager, Elaine Elliott; special
events director, Ralph Stevens;
publicity director, Mary Ann Yct
tei; art director, Noel Shoemaker;
dramatics director, Monte Himmel
baum; commercial continuity direc
tor. Van Brady; transcription li
brarian, Helen Gaylord; and chief
photographer, Howard Halbert.
Operating staff members elected
in the KSU second term elections
held last week are Bill Kane, re
elected as station manager; Gerry
Winkler, program director; Jack
Wernli, chief engineer; and Mary
Hill, station relations manager.
Others elected include Kay Mc-
Kenna, music director; Stu Whittcl
sey, chief announcer; Mort Rosen
blum, news director; and Claude
Rosenberg, sports director.
Those elected, taking office this
week, will serve the rest of the
school year.


BILL KANE
KSU department heads were ap
pointed yesterday afternoon in a
meeting of the newly elected oper
ating staff members, announced Bill
Kane, station manager. They in
clude:
Sales manager, Fred Stciner; con
tinuity director, Maybell Zobel (a
co-director of continuity will be
appointed at a later date); person
nel manager, Kay Lloyd; traffic
manager, Elaine Elliott; special
events director, Ralph Stevens;
publicity director, Mary Ann Yct
tei; art director, Noel Shoemaker;
dramatics director, Monte Himmel
baum; commercial continuity direc
tor. Van Brady; transcription li
brarian, Helen Gaylord; and chief
photographer, Howard Halbert.
Operating staff members elected
in the KSU second term elections
held last week are Bill Kane, re
elected as station manager; Gerry
Winkler, program director; Jack
Wernli, chief engineer; and Mary
Hill, station relations manager.
Others elected include Kay Mc-
Kenna, music director; Stu Whittcl
sey, chief announcer; Mort Rosen
blum, news director; and Claude
Rosenberg, sports director.
Those elected, taking office this
week, will serve the rest of the
school year.


BILL KANE
KSU department heads were ap
pointed yesterday afternoon in a
meeting of the newly elected oper
ating staff members, announced Bill
Kane, station manager. They in
clude:
Sales manager, Fred Stciner; con
tinuity director, Maybell Zobel (a
co-director of continuity will be
appointed at a later date); person
nel manager, Kay Lloyd; traffic
manager, Elaine Elliott; special
events director, Ralph Stevens;
publicity director, Mary Ann Yct
tei; art director, Noel Shoemaker;
dramatics director, Monte Himmel
baum; commercial continuity direc
tor. Van Brady; transcription li
brarian, Helen Gaylord; and chief
photographer, Howard Halbert.
Operating staff members elected
in the KSU second term elections
held last week are Bill Kane, re
elected as station manager; Gerry
Winkler, program director; Jack
Wernli, chief engineer; and Mary
Hill, station relations manager.
Others elected include Kay Mc-
Kenna, music director; Stu Whittcl
sey, chief announcer; Mort Rosen
blum, news director; and Claude
Rosenberg, sports director.
Those elected, taking office this
week, will serve the rest of the
school year.


BILL KANE
KSU department heads were ap
pointed yesterday afternoon in a
meeting of the newly elected oper
ating staff members, announced Bill
Kane, station manager. They in
clude:
Sales manager, Fred Stciner; con
tinuity director, Maybell Zobel (a
co-director of continuity will be
appointed at a later date); person
nel manager, Kay Lloyd; traffic
manager, Elaine Elliott; special
events director, Ralph Stevens;
publicity director, Mary Ann Yct
tei; art director, Noel Shoemaker;
dramatics director, Monte Himmel
baum; commercial continuity direc
tor. Van Brady; transcription li
brarian, Helen Gaylord; and chief
photographer, Howard Halbert.
Operating staff members elected
in the KSU second term elections
held last week are Bill Kane, re
elected as station manager; Gerry
Winkler, program director; Jack
Wernli, chief engineer; and Mary
Hill, station relations manager.
Others elected include Kay Mc-
Kenna, music director; Stu Whittcl
sey, chief announcer; Mort Rosen
blum, news director; and Claude
Rosenberg, sports director.
Those elected, taking office this
week, will serve the rest of the
school year.


BILL KANE
KSU department heads were ap
pointed yesterday afternoon in a
meeting of the newly elected oper
ating staff members, announced Bill
Kane, station manager. They in
clude:
Sales manager, Fred Stciner; con
tinuity director, Maybell Zobel (a
co-director of continuity will be
appointed at a later date); person
nel manager, Kay Lloyd; traffic
manager, Elaine Elliott; special
events director, Ralph Stevens;
publicity director, Mary Ann Yct
tei; art director, Noel Shoemaker;
dramatics director, Monte Himmel
baum; commercial continuity direc
tor. Van Brady; transcription li
brarian, Helen Gaylord; and chief
photographer, Howard Halbert.
Operating staff members elected
in the KSU second term elections
held last week are Bill Kane, re
elected as station manager; Gerry
Winkler, program director; Jack
Wernli, chief engineer; and Mary
Hill, station relations manager.
Others elected include Kay Mc-
Kenna, music director; Stu Whittcl
sey, chief announcer; Mort Rosen
blum, news director; and Claude
Rosenberg, sports director.
Those elected, taking office this
week, will serve the rest of the
school year.


BILL KANE
KSU department heads were ap
pointed yesterday afternoon in a
meeting of the newly elected oper
ating staff members, announced Bill
Kane, station manager. They in
clude:
Sales manager, Fred Stciner; con
tinuity director, Maybell Zobel (a
co-director of continuity will be
appointed at a later date); person
nel manager, Kay Lloyd; traffic
manager, Elaine Elliott; special
events director, Ralph Stevens;
publicity director, Mary Ann Yct
tei; art director, Noel Shoemaker;
dramatics director, Monte Himmel
baum; commercial continuity direc
tor. Van Brady; transcription li
brarian, Helen Gaylord; and chief
photographer, Howard Halbert.
Operating staff members elected
in the KSU second term elections
held last week are Bill Kane, re
elected as station manager; Gerry
Winkler, program director; Jack
Wernli, chief engineer; and Mary
Hill, station relations manager.
Others elected include Kay Mc-
Kenna, music director; Stu Whittcl
sey, chief announcer; Mort Rosen
blum, news director; and Claude
Rosenberg, sports director.
Those elected, taking office this
week, will serve the rest of the
school year.


BILL KANE
KSU department heads were ap
pointed yesterday afternoon in a
meeting of the newly elected oper
ating staff members, announced Bill
Kane, station manager. They in
clude:
Sales manager, Fred Stciner; con
tinuity director, Maybell Zobel (a
co-director of continuity will be
appointed at a later date); person
nel manager, Kay Lloyd; traffic
manager, Elaine Elliott; special
events director, Ralph Stevens;
publicity director, Mary Ann Yct
tei; art director, Noel Shoemaker;
dramatics director, Monte Himmel
baum; commercial continuity direc
tor. Van Brady; transcription li
brarian, Helen Gaylord; and chief
photographer, Howard Halbert.
Operating staff members elected
in the KSU second term elections
held last week are Bill Kane, re
elected as station manager; Gerry
Winkler, program director; Jack
Wernli, chief engineer; and Mary
Hill, station relations manager.
Others elected include Kay Mc-
Kenna, music director; Stu Whittcl
sey, chief announcer; Mort Rosen
blum, news director; and Claude
Rosenberg, sports director.
Those elected, taking office this
week, will serve the rest of the
school year.


BILL KANE
KSU department heads were ap
pointed yesterday afternoon in a
meeting of the newly elected oper
ating staff members, announced Bill
Kane, station manager. They in
clude:
Sales manager, Fred Stciner; con
tinuity director, Maybell Zobel (a
co-director of continuity will be
appointed at a later date); person
nel manager, Kay Lloyd; traffic
manager, Elaine Elliott; special
events director, Ralph Stevens;
publicity director, Mary Ann Yct
tei; art director, Noel Shoemaker;
dramatics director, Monte Himmel
baum; commercial continuity direc
tor. Van Brady; transcription li
brarian, Helen Gaylord; and chief
photographer, Howard Halbert.
Operating staff members elected
in the KSU second term elections
held last week are Bill Kane, re
elected as station manager; Gerry
Winkler, program director; Jack
Wernli, chief engineer; and Mary
Hill, station relations manager.
Others elected include Kay Mc-
Kenna, music director; Stu Whittcl
sey, chief announcer; Mort Rosen
blum, news director; and Claude
Rosenberg, sports director.
Those elected, taking office this
week, will serve the rest of the
school year.


BILL KANE
KSU department heads were ap
pointed yesterday afternoon in a
meeting of the newly elected oper
ating staff members, announced Bill
Kane, station manager. They in
clude:
Sales manager, Fred Stciner; con
tinuity director, Maybell Zobel (a
co-director of continuity will be
appointed at a later date); person
nel manager, Kay Lloyd; traffic
manager, Elaine Elliott; special
events director, Ralph Stevens;
publicity director, Mary Ann Yct
tei; art director, Noel Shoemaker;
dramatics director, Monte Himmel
baum; commercial continuity direc
tor. Van Brady; transcription li
brarian, Helen Gaylord; and chief
photographer, Howard Halbert.
Operating staff members elected
in the KSU second term elections
held last week are Bill Kane, re
elected as station manager; Gerry
Winkler, program director; Jack
Wernli, chief engineer; and Mary
Hill, station relations manager.
Others elected include Kay Mc-
Kenna, music director; Stu Whittcl
sey, chief announcer; Mort Rosen
blum, news director; and Claude
Rosenberg, sports director.
Those elected, taking office this
week, will serve the rest of the
school year.


BILL KANE
KSU department heads were ap
pointed yesterday afternoon in a
meeting of the newly elected oper
ating staff members, announced Bill
Kane, station manager. They in
clude:
Sales manager, Fred Stciner; con
tinuity director, Maybell Zobel (a
co-director of continuity will be
appointed at a later date); person
nel manager, Kay Lloyd; traffic
manager, Elaine Elliott; special
events director, Ralph Stevens;
publicity director, Mary Ann Yct
tei; art director, Noel Shoemaker;
dramatics director, Monte Himmel
baum; commercial continuity direc
tor. Van Brady; transcription li
brarian, Helen Gaylord; and chief
photographer, Howard Halbert.
Operating staff members elected
in the KSU second term elections
held last week are Bill Kane, re
elected as station manager; Gerry
Winkler, program director; Jack
Wernli, chief engineer; and Mary
Hill, station relations manager.
Others elected include Kay Mc-
Kenna, music director; Stu Whittcl
sey, chief announcer; Mort Rosen
blum, news director; and Claude
Rosenberg, sports director.
Those elected, taking office this
week, will serve the rest of the
school year.


BILL KANE
KSU department heads were ap
pointed yesterday afternoon in a
meeting of the newly elected oper
ating staff members, announced Bill
Kane, station manager. They in
clude:
Sales manager, Fred Stciner; con
tinuity director, Maybell Zobel (a
co-director of continuity will be
appointed at a later date); person
nel manager, Kay Lloyd; traffic
manager, Elaine Elliott; special
events director, Ralph Stevens;
publicity director, Mary Ann Yct
tei; art director, Noel Shoemaker;
dramatics director, Monte Himmel
baum; commercial continuity direc
tor. Van Brady; transcription li
brarian, Helen Gaylord; and chief
photographer, Howard Halbert.
Operating staff members elected
in the KSU second term elections
held last week are Bill Kane, re
elected as station manager; Gerry
Winkler, program director; Jack
Wernli, chief engineer; and Mary
Hill, station relations manager.
Others elected include Kay Mc-
Kenna, music director; Stu Whittcl
sey, chief announcer; Mort Rosen
blum, news director; and Claude
Rosenberg, sports director.
Those elected, taking office this
week, will serve the rest of the
school year.


BILL KANE
