# Concert Replaces Tonight's Series
## 
### 
Tuesday Evening Series lec
tures have been postponed until
March 1. No lecture is scheduled
for tonight because the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra is per
forming in the Memorial Hall at
8::J0.
Students unable to attend to
night's concert may return their
tickets to the Public Exercises Of
lice. Temporary Building B, room
55. by 4 p.m. today for refunds.
A few tickets are available at the
ollice now.
Next week there will be no lec
ture due to the George Washing
ton's Birthday holiday. The next
Tuesday Evening Series is set for
March 1 when Professor B. E. C.
Davis of the English department
presents '"English Education at
the Crossroads."
