# Last Hockey Game at Taits Tonight
## 
### 
California and Stanford ice hockey
teams clash tonight in the final con
test of the season at Tait's Winter
Garden Ice Palace, Sutter and Pierce
streets, San Francisco, at 8:15.
Although the Stanford team lost the
first two games, 4-1 and 3-0, with the
return of D. F. Purdy, '18, into the
lineup, and the rest of the men in
good condition, the Cardinal's chances
are bright for victory in this last
match of the year.
The teams will line up as follows:
Stanford —H. H. Sayre, '19, goal;
W. Bateman, '18, point; S. A. Saund
ers, 'IS, cover-point; D. C. Upp (cap
tain), '18, rover; D. F. Purdy, '18,
center; L, Jones, '19, right wing; W.
W. Collins, '19, left wing; spares, L.
Schlesinger, '18, and W. H. Atwater,
'14.
California —Stebbins, goal; Taylor,
point; McKiru, cover-point; Young
(captain), rover; Favycett, center;
Holm, right wing; Maddox, left wing;
spares, Turner and Radii.
