# Los Angeles Engineering Society Hears W. R. Eckart
## 
### 
Professor W. R. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department pre
sented a paper, "Specific Heat, Specific
Gravity, and Temperature Relations of
Petroleum Oils" before the last meet
ing of the Los Angeles section, Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engineers.
This paper represents the results of
extended research made in the Engi
neering laboratories and presents data
of great importance to petroleum engi
neers. x
Professor W. R. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department pre
sented a paper, "Specific Heat, Specific
Gravity, and Temperature Relations of
Petroleum Oils" before the last meet
ing of the Los Angeles section, Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engineers.
This paper represents the results of
extended research made in the Engi
neering laboratories and presents data
of great importance to petroleum engi
neers. x
Professor W. R. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department pre
sented a paper, "Specific Heat, Specific
Gravity, and Temperature Relations of
Petroleum Oils" before the last meet
ing of the Los Angeles section, Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engineers.
This paper represents the results of
extended research made in the Engi
neering laboratories and presents data
of great importance to petroleum engi
neers. x
Professor W. R. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department pre
sented a paper, "Specific Heat, Specific
Gravity, and Temperature Relations of
Petroleum Oils" before the last meet
ing of the Los Angeles section, Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engineers.
This paper represents the results of
extended research made in the Engi
neering laboratories and presents data
of great importance to petroleum engi
neers. x
Professor W. R. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department pre
sented a paper, "Specific Heat, Specific
Gravity, and Temperature Relations of
Petroleum Oils" before the last meet
ing of the Los Angeles section, Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engineers.
This paper represents the results of
extended research made in the Engi
neering laboratories and presents data
of great importance to petroleum engi
neers. x
Professor W. R. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department pre
sented a paper, "Specific Heat, Specific
Gravity, and Temperature Relations of
Petroleum Oils" before the last meet
ing of the Los Angeles section, Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engineers.
This paper represents the results of
extended research made in the Engi
neering laboratories and presents data
of great importance to petroleum engi
neers. x
Professor W. R. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department pre
sented a paper, "Specific Heat, Specific
Gravity, and Temperature Relations of
Petroleum Oils" before the last meet
ing of the Los Angeles section, Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engineers.
This paper represents the results of
extended research made in the Engi
neering laboratories and presents data
of great importance to petroleum engi
neers. x
Professor W. R. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department pre
sented a paper, "Specific Heat, Specific
Gravity, and Temperature Relations of
Petroleum Oils" before the last meet
ing of the Los Angeles section, Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engineers.
This paper represents the results of
extended research made in the Engi
neering laboratories and presents data
of great importance to petroleum engi
neers. x
Professor W. R. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department pre
sented a paper, "Specific Heat, Specific
Gravity, and Temperature Relations of
Petroleum Oils" before the last meet
ing of the Los Angeles section, Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engineers.
This paper represents the results of
extended research made in the Engi
neering laboratories and presents data
of great importance to petroleum engi
neers. x
Professor W. R. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department pre
sented a paper, "Specific Heat, Specific
Gravity, and Temperature Relations of
Petroleum Oils" before the last meet
ing of the Los Angeles section, Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engineers.
This paper represents the results of
extended research made in the Engi
neering laboratories and presents data
of great importance to petroleum engi
neers. x
Professor W. R. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department pre
sented a paper, "Specific Heat, Specific
Gravity, and Temperature Relations of
Petroleum Oils" before the last meet
ing of the Los Angeles section, Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engineers.
This paper represents the results of
extended research made in the Engi
neering laboratories and presents data
of great importance to petroleum engi
neers. x
Professor W. R. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department pre
sented a paper, "Specific Heat, Specific
Gravity, and Temperature Relations of
Petroleum Oils" before the last meet
ing of the Los Angeles section, Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engineers.
This paper represents the results of
extended research made in the Engi
neering laboratories and presents data
of great importance to petroleum engi
neers. x
Professor W. R. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department pre
sented a paper, "Specific Heat, Specific
Gravity, and Temperature Relations of
Petroleum Oils" before the last meet
ing of the Los Angeles section, Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engineers.
This paper represents the results of
extended research made in the Engi
neering laboratories and presents data
of great importance to petroleum engi
neers. x
Professor W. R. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department pre
sented a paper, "Specific Heat, Specific
Gravity, and Temperature Relations of
Petroleum Oils" before the last meet
ing of the Los Angeles section, Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engineers.
This paper represents the results of
extended research made in the Engi
neering laboratories and presents data
of great importance to petroleum engi
neers. x
Professor W. R. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department pre
sented a paper, "Specific Heat, Specific
Gravity, and Temperature Relations of
Petroleum Oils" before the last meet
ing of the Los Angeles section, Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engineers.
This paper represents the results of
extended research made in the Engi
neering laboratories and presents data
of great importance to petroleum engi
neers. x
