# Track Captain Will Be Chosen Tomorrow Night
## 
### 
The election for the track captain
that was to take place last night was
postponed because of the varsity bas
ketball game. The election will take
place Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock
in the Old Union.
Besides electing a new captain to
take Marshall Hale's place, Coach
"Dink" Templeton will outline the sys
tem of training that will be used this
year. Training rules will be issued,
and strict training will start next
week.
The election for the track captain
that was to take place last night was
postponed because of the varsity bas
ketball game. The election will take
place Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock
in the Old Union.
Besides electing a new captain to
take Marshall Hale's place, Coach
"Dink" Templeton will outline the sys
tem of training that will be used this
year. Training rules will be issued,
and strict training will start next
week.
The election for the track captain
that was to take place last night was
postponed because of the varsity bas
ketball game. The election will take
place Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock
in the Old Union.
Besides electing a new captain to
take Marshall Hale's place, Coach
"Dink" Templeton will outline the sys
tem of training that will be used this
year. Training rules will be issued,
and strict training will start next
week.
The election for the track captain
that was to take place last night was
postponed because of the varsity bas
ketball game. The election will take
place Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock
in the Old Union.
Besides electing a new captain to
take Marshall Hale's place, Coach
"Dink" Templeton will outline the sys
tem of training that will be used this
year. Training rules will be issued,
and strict training will start next
week.
The election for the track captain
that was to take place last night was
postponed because of the varsity bas
ketball game. The election will take
place Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock
in the Old Union.
Besides electing a new captain to
take Marshall Hale's place, Coach
"Dink" Templeton will outline the sys
tem of training that will be used this
year. Training rules will be issued,
and strict training will start next
week.
The election for the track captain
that was to take place last night was
postponed because of the varsity bas
ketball game. The election will take
place Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock
in the Old Union.
Besides electing a new captain to
take Marshall Hale's place, Coach
"Dink" Templeton will outline the sys
tem of training that will be used this
year. Training rules will be issued,
and strict training will start next
week.
The election for the track captain
that was to take place last night was
postponed because of the varsity bas
ketball game. The election will take
place Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock
in the Old Union.
Besides electing a new captain to
take Marshall Hale's place, Coach
"Dink" Templeton will outline the sys
tem of training that will be used this
year. Training rules will be issued,
and strict training will start next
week.
The election for the track captain
that was to take place last night was
postponed because of the varsity bas
ketball game. The election will take
place Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock
in the Old Union.
Besides electing a new captain to
take Marshall Hale's place, Coach
"Dink" Templeton will outline the sys
tem of training that will be used this
year. Training rules will be issued,
and strict training will start next
week.
The election for the track captain
that was to take place last night was
postponed because of the varsity bas
ketball game. The election will take
place Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock
in the Old Union.
Besides electing a new captain to
take Marshall Hale's place, Coach
"Dink" Templeton will outline the sys
tem of training that will be used this
year. Training rules will be issued,
and strict training will start next
week.
The election for the track captain
that was to take place last night was
postponed because of the varsity bas
ketball game. The election will take
place Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock
in the Old Union.
Besides electing a new captain to
take Marshall Hale's place, Coach
"Dink" Templeton will outline the sys
tem of training that will be used this
year. Training rules will be issued,
and strict training will start next
week.
The election for the track captain
that was to take place last night was
postponed because of the varsity bas
ketball game. The election will take
place Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock
in the Old Union.
Besides electing a new captain to
take Marshall Hale's place, Coach
"Dink" Templeton will outline the sys
tem of training that will be used this
year. Training rules will be issued,
and strict training will start next
week.
The election for the track captain
that was to take place last night was
postponed because of the varsity bas
ketball game. The election will take
place Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock
in the Old Union.
Besides electing a new captain to
take Marshall Hale's place, Coach
"Dink" Templeton will outline the sys
tem of training that will be used this
year. Training rules will be issued,
and strict training will start next
week.
The election for the track captain
that was to take place last night was
postponed because of the varsity bas
ketball game. The election will take
place Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock
in the Old Union.
Besides electing a new captain to
take Marshall Hale's place, Coach
"Dink" Templeton will outline the sys
tem of training that will be used this
year. Training rules will be issued,
and strict training will start next
week.
The election for the track captain
that was to take place last night was
postponed because of the varsity bas
ketball game. The election will take
place Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock
in the Old Union.
Besides electing a new captain to
take Marshall Hale's place, Coach
"Dink" Templeton will outline the sys
tem of training that will be used this
year. Training rules will be issued,
and strict training will start next
week.
The election for the track captain
that was to take place last night was
postponed because of the varsity bas
ketball game. The election will take
place Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock
in the Old Union.
Besides electing a new captain to
take Marshall Hale's place, Coach
"Dink" Templeton will outline the sys
tem of training that will be used this
year. Training rules will be issued,
and strict training will start next
week.
