# Crossword
## 
### 
ACROSS
1 "I'm clueless!"
6 Half of Ethiopia's
capital
11 Finger-to-lips
syllable
14 1994 peace prize
sharer Yitzhak
15 C.S. who created
Namia
16 Chinese word of
enlightenment
17 St. Patrick's day
shout
19 IV administrators
20 0, in Spain
21 Linus awaits the
Great Pumpkin in
one
22 Singer's aid
23 Unconventional
merchandise
quantity
25 "Breaking Up Is
Hard to Do"
singer Neil
27 Lewinsky
confidante Linda
30 Delinquency
word more
commonly heard
in the plural
32 Business that
serves smokers
36 Fifth in NYC, e.g.
37 Contraire vis-&-
vis la : illegal,
in Lyons
38 Finished first
39 With "leave."
settle for the
existing situation
46 "M*A*S*H"
system
47 Drum major 's cap
48 Heat rub product
50 Oysters-on-the
half-shell seller
54 Menlo Park
middle name
55 Somewhat warm
58 Wave radio
maker
59 Work the soil
60 Privileged group,
and an aptly
highlighted
feature of 17-,
32- and 39-
Across
62 Bachelor in
personals, briefly
63 Short explosive?

64 It's not an
express
65 Half and half
66 Yam unit
67 Buck of country
music
DOWN
1 Artist El
2 Rowed
3 Classic Ford
4 Company that
merged with
Konica
5 Stonehenge loc.
6 Actress Jessica
7 Lion player Lahr
8 Sky surveillance
acronym
9 Swollen ego
10 Smudge on
Santa?
11 Ump'scall
12 "Hammerin"
baseballer
13 Watering aid
18 Fiber-
22 Fourth planet
24 Dungeons &
Dragons
monster
26 R&B's _ Hill
28 Casual shirt
29 Reverent

31 Sandberg with
nine Gold Gloves
32 "I I taw a
poddy..."
33 Excessive
34 This is no lie"
35 Expected soon
40 Turner on screen
41 Poached fare
42 Slob's opposite
43 Either of the first
two consonants
in "coccyx"

44 Wanted poster
abbr.
45 Unintellectual
49 Broadway
matchmaker
51 Italian ball game
52 Namia lion
53 Fishing gear
54 Facetious "I see"
56 Prefix with scope
57 Crease remover
60 Access points
61 UN workers'gp.

By Don Gagliardo

Puzzle Solved

(c)2011 Trtbuna Madia S«rvic««. Inc.


ACROSS
1 "I'm clueless!"
6 Half of Ethiopia's
capital
11 Finger-to-lips
syllable
14 1994 peace prize
sharer Yitzhak
15 C.S. who created
Namia
16 Chinese word of
enlightenment
17 St. Patrick's day
shout
19 IV administrators
20 0, in Spain
21 Linus awaits the
Great Pumpkin in
one
22 Singer's aid
23 Unconventional
merchandise
quantity
25 "Breaking Up Is
Hard to Do"
singer Neil
27 Lewinsky
confidante Linda
30 Delinquency
word more
commonly heard
in the plural
32 Business that
serves smokers
36 Fifth in NYC, e.g.
37 Contraire vis-&-
vis la : illegal,
in Lyons
38 Finished first
39 With "leave."
settle for the
existing situation
46 "M*A*S*H"
system
47 Drum major 's cap
48 Heat rub product
50 Oysters-on-the
half-shell seller
54 Menlo Park
middle name
55 Somewhat warm
58 Wave radio
maker
59 Work the soil
60 Privileged group,
and an aptly
highlighted
feature of 17-,
32- and 39-
Across
62 Bachelor in
personals, briefly
63 Short explosive?

64 It's not an
express
65 Half and half
66 Yam unit
67 Buck of country
music
DOWN
1 Artist El
2 Rowed
3 Classic Ford
4 Company that
merged with
Konica
5 Stonehenge loc.
6 Actress Jessica
7 Lion player Lahr
8 Sky surveillance
acronym
9 Swollen ego
10 Smudge on
Santa?
11 Ump'scall
12 "Hammerin"
baseballer
13 Watering aid
18 Fiber-
22 Fourth planet
24 Dungeons &
Dragons
monster
26 R&B's _ Hill
28 Casual shirt
29 Reverent

31 Sandberg with
nine Gold Gloves
32 "I I taw a
poddy..."
33 Excessive
34 This is no lie"
35 Expected soon
40 Turner on screen
41 Poached fare
42 Slob's opposite
43 Either of the first
two consonants
in "coccyx"

44 Wanted poster
abbr.
45 Unintellectual
49 Broadway
matchmaker
51 Italian ball game
52 Namia lion
53 Fishing gear
54 Facetious "I see"
56 Prefix with scope
57 Crease remover
60 Access points
61 UN workers'gp.

By Don Gagliardo

Puzzle Solved

(c)2011 Trtbuna Madia S«rvic««. Inc.


ACROSS
1 "I'm clueless!"
6 Half of Ethiopia's
capital
11 Finger-to-lips
syllable
14 1994 peace prize
sharer Yitzhak
15 C.S. who created
Namia
16 Chinese word of
enlightenment
17 St. Patrick's day
shout
19 IV administrators
20 0, in Spain
21 Linus awaits the
Great Pumpkin in
one
22 Singer's aid
23 Unconventional
merchandise
quantity
25 "Breaking Up Is
Hard to Do"
singer Neil
27 Lewinsky
confidante Linda
30 Delinquency
word more
commonly heard
in the plural
32 Business that
serves smokers
36 Fifth in NYC, e.g.
37 Contraire vis-&-
vis la : illegal,
in Lyons
38 Finished first
39 With "leave."
settle for the
existing situation
46 "M*A*S*H"
system
47 Drum major 's cap
48 Heat rub product
50 Oysters-on-the
half-shell seller
54 Menlo Park
middle name
55 Somewhat warm
58 Wave radio
maker
59 Work the soil
60 Privileged group,
and an aptly
highlighted
feature of 17-,
32- and 39-
Across
62 Bachelor in
personals, briefly
63 Short explosive?

64 It's not an
express
65 Half and half
66 Yam unit
67 Buck of country
music
DOWN
1 Artist El
2 Rowed
3 Classic Ford
4 Company that
merged with
Konica
5 Stonehenge loc.
6 Actress Jessica
7 Lion player Lahr
8 Sky surveillance
acronym
9 Swollen ego
10 Smudge on
Santa?
11 Ump'scall
12 "Hammerin"
baseballer
13 Watering aid
18 Fiber-
22 Fourth planet
24 Dungeons &
Dragons
monster
26 R&B's _ Hill
28 Casual shirt
29 Reverent

31 Sandberg with
nine Gold Gloves
32 "I I taw a
poddy..."
33 Excessive
34 This is no lie"
35 Expected soon
40 Turner on screen
41 Poached fare
42 Slob's opposite
43 Either of the first
two consonants
in "coccyx"

44 Wanted poster
abbr.
45 Unintellectual
49 Broadway
matchmaker
51 Italian ball game
52 Namia lion
53 Fishing gear
54 Facetious "I see"
56 Prefix with scope
57 Crease remover
60 Access points
61 UN workers'gp.

By Don Gagliardo

Puzzle Solved

(c)2011 Trtbuna Madia S«rvic««. Inc.


ACROSS
1 "I'm clueless!"
6 Half of Ethiopia's
capital
11 Finger-to-lips
syllable
14 1994 peace prize
sharer Yitzhak
15 C.S. who created
Namia
16 Chinese word of
enlightenment
17 St. Patrick's day
shout
19 IV administrators
20 0, in Spain
21 Linus awaits the
Great Pumpkin in
one
22 Singer's aid
23 Unconventional
merchandise
quantity
25 "Breaking Up Is
Hard to Do"
singer Neil
27 Lewinsky
confidante Linda
30 Delinquency
word more
commonly heard
in the plural
32 Business that
serves smokers
36 Fifth in NYC, e.g.
37 Contraire vis-&-
vis la : illegal,
in Lyons
38 Finished first
39 With "leave."
settle for the
existing situation
46 "M*A*S*H"
system
47 Drum major 's cap
48 Heat rub product
50 Oysters-on-the
half-shell seller
54 Menlo Park
middle name
55 Somewhat warm
58 Wave radio
maker
59 Work the soil
60 Privileged group,
and an aptly
highlighted
feature of 17-,
32- and 39-
Across
62 Bachelor in
personals, briefly
63 Short explosive?

64 It's not an
express
65 Half and half
66 Yam unit
67 Buck of country
music
DOWN
1 Artist El
2 Rowed
3 Classic Ford
4 Company that
merged with
Konica
5 Stonehenge loc.
6 Actress Jessica
7 Lion player Lahr
8 Sky surveillance
acronym
9 Swollen ego
10 Smudge on
Santa?
11 Ump'scall
12 "Hammerin"
baseballer
13 Watering aid
18 Fiber-
22 Fourth planet
24 Dungeons &
Dragons
monster
26 R&B's _ Hill
28 Casual shirt
29 Reverent

31 Sandberg with
nine Gold Gloves
32 "I I taw a
poddy..."
33 Excessive
34 This is no lie"
35 Expected soon
40 Turner on screen
41 Poached fare
42 Slob's opposite
43 Either of the first
two consonants
in "coccyx"

44 Wanted poster
abbr.
45 Unintellectual
49 Broadway
matchmaker
51 Italian ball game
52 Namia lion
53 Fishing gear
54 Facetious "I see"
56 Prefix with scope
57 Crease remover
60 Access points
61 UN workers'gp.

By Don Gagliardo

Puzzle Solved

(c)2011 Trtbuna Madia S«rvic««. Inc.


ACROSS
1 "I'm clueless!"
6 Half of Ethiopia's
capital
11 Finger-to-lips
syllable
14 1994 peace prize
sharer Yitzhak
15 C.S. who created
Namia
16 Chinese word of
enlightenment
17 St. Patrick's day
shout
19 IV administrators
20 0, in Spain
21 Linus awaits the
Great Pumpkin in
one
22 Singer's aid
23 Unconventional
merchandise
quantity
25 "Breaking Up Is
Hard to Do"
singer Neil
27 Lewinsky
confidante Linda
30 Delinquency
word more
commonly heard
in the plural
32 Business that
serves smokers
36 Fifth in NYC, e.g.
37 Contraire vis-&-
vis la : illegal,
in Lyons
38 Finished first
39 With "leave."
settle for the
existing situation
46 "M*A*S*H"
system
47 Drum major 's cap
48 Heat rub product
50 Oysters-on-the
half-shell seller
54 Menlo Park
middle name
55 Somewhat warm
58 Wave radio
maker
59 Work the soil
60 Privileged group,
and an aptly
highlighted
feature of 17-,
32- and 39-
Across
62 Bachelor in
personals, briefly
63 Short explosive?

64 It's not an
express
65 Half and half
66 Yam unit
67 Buck of country
music
DOWN
1 Artist El
2 Rowed
3 Classic Ford
4 Company that
merged with
Konica
5 Stonehenge loc.
6 Actress Jessica
7 Lion player Lahr
8 Sky surveillance
acronym
9 Swollen ego
10 Smudge on
Santa?
11 Ump'scall
12 "Hammerin"
baseballer
13 Watering aid
18 Fiber-
22 Fourth planet
24 Dungeons &
Dragons
monster
26 R&B's _ Hill
28 Casual shirt
29 Reverent

31 Sandberg with
nine Gold Gloves
32 "I I taw a
poddy..."
33 Excessive
34 This is no lie"
35 Expected soon
40 Turner on screen
41 Poached fare
42 Slob's opposite
43 Either of the first
two consonants
in "coccyx"

44 Wanted poster
abbr.
45 Unintellectual
49 Broadway
matchmaker
51 Italian ball game
52 Namia lion
53 Fishing gear
54 Facetious "I see"
56 Prefix with scope
57 Crease remover
60 Access points
61 UN workers'gp.

By Don Gagliardo

Puzzle Solved

(c)2011 Trtbuna Madia S«rvic««. Inc.


ACROSS
1 "I'm clueless!"
6 Half of Ethiopia's
capital
11 Finger-to-lips
syllable
14 1994 peace prize
sharer Yitzhak
15 C.S. who created
Namia
16 Chinese word of
enlightenment
17 St. Patrick's day
shout
19 IV administrators
20 0, in Spain
21 Linus awaits the
Great Pumpkin in
one
22 Singer's aid
23 Unconventional
merchandise
quantity
25 "Breaking Up Is
Hard to Do"
singer Neil
27 Lewinsky
confidante Linda
30 Delinquency
word more
commonly heard
in the plural
32 Business that
serves smokers
36 Fifth in NYC, e.g.
37 Contraire vis-&-
vis la : illegal,
in Lyons
38 Finished first
39 With "leave."
settle for the
existing situation
46 "M*A*S*H"
system
47 Drum major 's cap
48 Heat rub product
50 Oysters-on-the
half-shell seller
54 Menlo Park
middle name
55 Somewhat warm
58 Wave radio
maker
59 Work the soil
60 Privileged group,
and an aptly
highlighted
feature of 17-,
32- and 39-
Across
62 Bachelor in
personals, briefly
63 Short explosive?

64 It's not an
express
65 Half and half
66 Yam unit
67 Buck of country
music
DOWN
1 Artist El
2 Rowed
3 Classic Ford
4 Company that
merged with
Konica
5 Stonehenge loc.
6 Actress Jessica
7 Lion player Lahr
8 Sky surveillance
acronym
9 Swollen ego
10 Smudge on
Santa?
11 Ump'scall
12 "Hammerin"
baseballer
13 Watering aid
18 Fiber-
22 Fourth planet
24 Dungeons &
Dragons
monster
26 R&B's _ Hill
28 Casual shirt
29 Reverent

31 Sandberg with
nine Gold Gloves
32 "I I taw a
poddy..."
33 Excessive
34 This is no lie"
35 Expected soon
40 Turner on screen
41 Poached fare
42 Slob's opposite
43 Either of the first
two consonants
in "coccyx"

44 Wanted poster
abbr.
45 Unintellectual
49 Broadway
matchmaker
51 Italian ball game
52 Namia lion
53 Fishing gear
54 Facetious "I see"
56 Prefix with scope
57 Crease remover
60 Access points
61 UN workers'gp.

By Don Gagliardo

Puzzle Solved

(c)2011 Trtbuna Madia S«rvic««. Inc.


ACROSS
1 "I'm clueless!"
6 Half of Ethiopia's
capital
11 Finger-to-lips
syllable
14 1994 peace prize
sharer Yitzhak
15 C.S. who created
Namia
16 Chinese word of
enlightenment
17 St. Patrick's day
shout
19 IV administrators
20 0, in Spain
21 Linus awaits the
Great Pumpkin in
one
22 Singer's aid
23 Unconventional
merchandise
quantity
25 "Breaking Up Is
Hard to Do"
singer Neil
27 Lewinsky
confidante Linda
30 Delinquency
word more
commonly heard
in the plural
32 Business that
serves smokers
36 Fifth in NYC, e.g.
37 Contraire vis-&-
vis la : illegal,
in Lyons
38 Finished first
39 With "leave."
settle for the
existing situation
46 "M*A*S*H"
system
47 Drum major 's cap
48 Heat rub product
50 Oysters-on-the
half-shell seller
54 Menlo Park
middle name
55 Somewhat warm
58 Wave radio
maker
59 Work the soil
60 Privileged group,
and an aptly
highlighted
feature of 17-,
32- and 39-
Across
62 Bachelor in
personals, briefly
63 Short explosive?

64 It's not an
express
65 Half and half
66 Yam unit
67 Buck of country
music
DOWN
1 Artist El
2 Rowed
3 Classic Ford
4 Company that
merged with
Konica
5 Stonehenge loc.
6 Actress Jessica
7 Lion player Lahr
8 Sky surveillance
acronym
9 Swollen ego
10 Smudge on
Santa?
11 Ump'scall
12 "Hammerin"
baseballer
13 Watering aid
18 Fiber-
22 Fourth planet
24 Dungeons &
Dragons
monster
26 R&B's _ Hill
28 Casual shirt
29 Reverent

31 Sandberg with
nine Gold Gloves
32 "I I taw a
poddy..."
33 Excessive
34 This is no lie"
35 Expected soon
40 Turner on screen
41 Poached fare
42 Slob's opposite
43 Either of the first
two consonants
in "coccyx"

44 Wanted poster
abbr.
45 Unintellectual
49 Broadway
matchmaker
51 Italian ball game
52 Namia lion
53 Fishing gear
54 Facetious "I see"
56 Prefix with scope
57 Crease remover
60 Access points
61 UN workers'gp.

By Don Gagliardo

Puzzle Solved

(c)2011 Trtbuna Madia S«rvic««. Inc.


