# SCHUBERT CLUB TO HAVE NEW MUSICAL DIRECTOR.
## 
### 
Prof. .John Francis Jones, the Welsh
baritone, will assume the position of
director of the Schubert Club at the
first regular meeting of the semester
tomorrow. Professor .lone?, now of
Palo Alto, is well known throughout
the East for his ability and success
as a great chorus director and soloist
in oratorio work, and he comes here
highly recommende:!. Those who know
of his work consider themselves for
tunate in obtaining such able assist
ance. Plans are being made for the
club to appear before the college au
dience in the near future and for the
revival of interest in the Choral So
ciety.
Prof. .John Francis Jones, the Welsh
baritone, will assume the position of
director of the Schubert Club at the
first regular meeting of the semester
tomorrow. Professor .lone?, now of
Palo Alto, is well known throughout
the East for his ability and success
as a great chorus director and soloist
in oratorio work, and he comes here
highly recommende:!. Those who know
of his work consider themselves for
tunate in obtaining such able assist
ance. Plans are being made for the
club to appear before the college au
dience in the near future and for the
revival of interest in the Choral So
ciety.
Prof. .John Francis Jones, the Welsh
baritone, will assume the position of
director of the Schubert Club at the
first regular meeting of the semester
tomorrow. Professor .lone?, now of
Palo Alto, is well known throughout
the East for his ability and success
as a great chorus director and soloist
in oratorio work, and he comes here
highly recommende:!. Those who know
of his work consider themselves for
tunate in obtaining such able assist
ance. Plans are being made for the
club to appear before the college au
dience in the near future and for the
revival of interest in the Choral So
ciety.
Prof. .John Francis Jones, the Welsh
baritone, will assume the position of
director of the Schubert Club at the
first regular meeting of the semester
tomorrow. Professor .lone?, now of
Palo Alto, is well known throughout
the East for his ability and success
as a great chorus director and soloist
in oratorio work, and he comes here
highly recommende:!. Those who know
of his work consider themselves for
tunate in obtaining such able assist
ance. Plans are being made for the
club to appear before the college au
dience in the near future and for the
revival of interest in the Choral So
ciety.
Prof. .John Francis Jones, the Welsh
baritone, will assume the position of
director of the Schubert Club at the
first regular meeting of the semester
tomorrow. Professor .lone?, now of
Palo Alto, is well known throughout
the East for his ability and success
as a great chorus director and soloist
in oratorio work, and he comes here
highly recommende:!. Those who know
of his work consider themselves for
tunate in obtaining such able assist
ance. Plans are being made for the
club to appear before the college au
dience in the near future and for the
revival of interest in the Choral So
ciety.
Prof. .John Francis Jones, the Welsh
baritone, will assume the position of
director of the Schubert Club at the
first regular meeting of the semester
tomorrow. Professor .lone?, now of
Palo Alto, is well known throughout
the East for his ability and success
as a great chorus director and soloist
in oratorio work, and he comes here
highly recommende:!. Those who know
of his work consider themselves for
tunate in obtaining such able assist
ance. Plans are being made for the
club to appear before the college au
dience in the near future and for the
revival of interest in the Choral So
ciety.
Prof. .John Francis Jones, the Welsh
baritone, will assume the position of
director of the Schubert Club at the
first regular meeting of the semester
tomorrow. Professor .lone?, now of
Palo Alto, is well known throughout
the East for his ability and success
as a great chorus director and soloist
in oratorio work, and he comes here
highly recommende:!. Those who know
of his work consider themselves for
tunate in obtaining such able assist
ance. Plans are being made for the
club to appear before the college au
dience in the near future and for the
revival of interest in the Choral So
ciety.
Prof. .John Francis Jones, the Welsh
baritone, will assume the position of
director of the Schubert Club at the
first regular meeting of the semester
tomorrow. Professor .lone?, now of
Palo Alto, is well known throughout
the East for his ability and success
as a great chorus director and soloist
in oratorio work, and he comes here
highly recommende:!. Those who know
of his work consider themselves for
tunate in obtaining such able assist
ance. Plans are being made for the
club to appear before the college au
dience in the near future and for the
revival of interest in the Choral So
ciety.
Prof. .John Francis Jones, the Welsh
baritone, will assume the position of
director of the Schubert Club at the
first regular meeting of the semester
tomorrow. Professor .lone?, now of
Palo Alto, is well known throughout
the East for his ability and success
as a great chorus director and soloist
in oratorio work, and he comes here
highly recommende:!. Those who know
of his work consider themselves for
tunate in obtaining such able assist
ance. Plans are being made for the
club to appear before the college au
dience in the near future and for the
revival of interest in the Choral So
ciety.
Prof. .John Francis Jones, the Welsh
baritone, will assume the position of
director of the Schubert Club at the
first regular meeting of the semester
tomorrow. Professor .lone?, now of
Palo Alto, is well known throughout
the East for his ability and success
as a great chorus director and soloist
in oratorio work, and he comes here
highly recommende:!. Those who know
of his work consider themselves for
tunate in obtaining such able assist
ance. Plans are being made for the
club to appear before the college au
dience in the near future and for the
revival of interest in the Choral So
ciety.
Prof. .John Francis Jones, the Welsh
baritone, will assume the position of
director of the Schubert Club at the
first regular meeting of the semester
tomorrow. Professor .lone?, now of
Palo Alto, is well known throughout
the East for his ability and success
as a great chorus director and soloist
in oratorio work, and he comes here
highly recommende:!. Those who know
of his work consider themselves for
tunate in obtaining such able assist
ance. Plans are being made for the
club to appear before the college au
dience in the near future and for the
revival of interest in the Choral So
ciety.
Prof. .John Francis Jones, the Welsh
baritone, will assume the position of
director of the Schubert Club at the
first regular meeting of the semester
tomorrow. Professor .lone?, now of
Palo Alto, is well known throughout
the East for his ability and success
as a great chorus director and soloist
in oratorio work, and he comes here
highly recommende:!. Those who know
of his work consider themselves for
tunate in obtaining such able assist
ance. Plans are being made for the
club to appear before the college au
dience in the near future and for the
revival of interest in the Choral So
ciety.
Prof. .John Francis Jones, the Welsh
baritone, will assume the position of
director of the Schubert Club at the
first regular meeting of the semester
tomorrow. Professor .lone?, now of
Palo Alto, is well known throughout
the East for his ability and success
as a great chorus director and soloist
in oratorio work, and he comes here
highly recommende:!. Those who know
of his work consider themselves for
tunate in obtaining such able assist
ance. Plans are being made for the
club to appear before the college au
dience in the near future and for the
revival of interest in the Choral So
ciety.
