# George Horine Injured.
## 
### 
George Horine, Stanford's mainstay

in the high jump, was taken to (he
Peninsula Hospital this afternoon and
will be operated upon tomorrow for a
defective cartilage in the kneecap.
The trouble is regarded as serious.
George Horine, Stanford's mainstay

in the high jump, was taken to (he
Peninsula Hospital this afternoon and
will be operated upon tomorrow for a
defective cartilage in the kneecap.
The trouble is regarded as serious.
George Horine, Stanford's mainstay

in the high jump, was taken to (he
Peninsula Hospital this afternoon and
will be operated upon tomorrow for a
defective cartilage in the kneecap.
The trouble is regarded as serious.
George Horine, Stanford's mainstay

in the high jump, was taken to (he
Peninsula Hospital this afternoon and
will be operated upon tomorrow for a
defective cartilage in the kneecap.
The trouble is regarded as serious.
George Horine, Stanford's mainstay

in the high jump, was taken to (he
Peninsula Hospital this afternoon and
will be operated upon tomorrow for a
defective cartilage in the kneecap.
The trouble is regarded as serious.
George Horine, Stanford's mainstay

in the high jump, was taken to (he
Peninsula Hospital this afternoon and
will be operated upon tomorrow for a
defective cartilage in the kneecap.
The trouble is regarded as serious.
George Horine, Stanford's mainstay

in the high jump, was taken to (he
Peninsula Hospital this afternoon and
will be operated upon tomorrow for a
defective cartilage in the kneecap.
The trouble is regarded as serious.
George Horine, Stanford's mainstay

in the high jump, was taken to (he
Peninsula Hospital this afternoon and
will be operated upon tomorrow for a
defective cartilage in the kneecap.
The trouble is regarded as serious.
George Horine, Stanford's mainstay

in the high jump, was taken to (he
Peninsula Hospital this afternoon and
will be operated upon tomorrow for a
defective cartilage in the kneecap.
The trouble is regarded as serious.
George Horine, Stanford's mainstay

in the high jump, was taken to (he
Peninsula Hospital this afternoon and
will be operated upon tomorrow for a
defective cartilage in the kneecap.
The trouble is regarded as serious.
George Horine, Stanford's mainstay

in the high jump, was taken to (he
Peninsula Hospital this afternoon and
will be operated upon tomorrow for a
defective cartilage in the kneecap.
The trouble is regarded as serious.
George Horine, Stanford's mainstay

in the high jump, was taken to (he
Peninsula Hospital this afternoon and
will be operated upon tomorrow for a
defective cartilage in the kneecap.
The trouble is regarded as serious.
George Horine, Stanford's mainstay

in the high jump, was taken to (he
Peninsula Hospital this afternoon and
will be operated upon tomorrow for a
defective cartilage in the kneecap.
The trouble is regarded as serious.
