# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
ZETA PSI HOUSE
(on Lagunita Drive)
Room and Board
Summer Quarter
for
GRADUATE WOMEN
Attractive Rates for
double or single rooms,
or board without room.
Linen and bedding fur
nished. Reservations
can be made now.
ELIZ. DOYLE Phone 1027
ZETA PSI HOUSE
(on Lagunita Drive)
Room and Board
Summer Quarter
for
GRADUATE WOMEN
Attractive Rates for
double or single rooms,
or board without room.
Linen and bedding fur
nished. Reservations
can be made now.
ELIZ. DOYLE Phone 1027
ZETA PSI HOUSE
(on Lagunita Drive)
Room and Board
Summer Quarter
for
GRADUATE WOMEN
Attractive Rates for
double or single rooms,
or board without room.
Linen and bedding fur
nished. Reservations
can be made now.
ELIZ. DOYLE Phone 1027
ZETA PSI HOUSE
(on Lagunita Drive)
Room and Board
Summer Quarter
for
GRADUATE WOMEN
Attractive Rates for
double or single rooms,
or board without room.
Linen and bedding fur
nished. Reservations
can be made now.
ELIZ. DOYLE Phone 1027
ZETA PSI HOUSE
(on Lagunita Drive)
Room and Board
Summer Quarter
for
GRADUATE WOMEN
Attractive Rates for
double or single rooms,
or board without room.
Linen and bedding fur
nished. Reservations
can be made now.
ELIZ. DOYLE Phone 1027
ZETA PSI HOUSE
(on Lagunita Drive)
Room and Board
Summer Quarter
for
GRADUATE WOMEN
Attractive Rates for
double or single rooms,
or board without room.
Linen and bedding fur
nished. Reservations
can be made now.
ELIZ. DOYLE Phone 1027
ZETA PSI HOUSE
(on Lagunita Drive)
Room and Board
Summer Quarter
for
GRADUATE WOMEN
Attractive Rates for
double or single rooms,
or board without room.
Linen and bedding fur
nished. Reservations
can be made now.
ELIZ. DOYLE Phone 1027
ZETA PSI HOUSE
(on Lagunita Drive)
Room and Board
Summer Quarter
for
GRADUATE WOMEN
Attractive Rates for
double or single rooms,
or board without room.
Linen and bedding fur
nished. Reservations
can be made now.
ELIZ. DOYLE Phone 1027
ZETA PSI HOUSE
(on Lagunita Drive)
Room and Board
Summer Quarter
for
GRADUATE WOMEN
Attractive Rates for
double or single rooms,
or board without room.
Linen and bedding fur
nished. Reservations
can be made now.
ELIZ. DOYLE Phone 1027
ZETA PSI HOUSE
(on Lagunita Drive)
Room and Board
Summer Quarter
for
GRADUATE WOMEN
Attractive Rates for
double or single rooms,
or board without room.
Linen and bedding fur
nished. Reservations
can be made now.
ELIZ. DOYLE Phone 1027
ZETA PSI HOUSE
(on Lagunita Drive)
Room and Board
Summer Quarter
for
GRADUATE WOMEN
Attractive Rates for
double or single rooms,
or board without room.
Linen and bedding fur
nished. Reservations
can be made now.
ELIZ. DOYLE Phone 1027
ZETA PSI HOUSE
(on Lagunita Drive)
Room and Board
Summer Quarter
for
GRADUATE WOMEN
Attractive Rates for
double or single rooms,
or board without room.
Linen and bedding fur
nished. Reservations
can be made now.
ELIZ. DOYLE Phone 1027
ZETA PSI HOUSE
(on Lagunita Drive)
Room and Board
Summer Quarter
for
GRADUATE WOMEN
Attractive Rates for
double or single rooms,
or board without room.
Linen and bedding fur
nished. Reservations
can be made now.
ELIZ. DOYLE Phone 1027
ZETA PSI HOUSE
(on Lagunita Drive)
Room and Board
Summer Quarter
for
GRADUATE WOMEN
Attractive Rates for
double or single rooms,
or board without room.
Linen and bedding fur
nished. Reservations
can be made now.
ELIZ. DOYLE Phone 1027
ZETA PSI HOUSE
(on Lagunita Drive)
Room and Board
Summer Quarter
for
GRADUATE WOMEN
Attractive Rates for
double or single rooms,
or board without room.
Linen and bedding fur
nished. Reservations
can be made now.
ELIZ. DOYLE Phone 1027
ZETA PSI HOUSE
(on Lagunita Drive)
Room and Board
Summer Quarter
for
GRADUATE WOMEN
Attractive Rates for
double or single rooms,
or board without room.
Linen and bedding fur
nished. Reservations
can be made now.
ELIZ. DOYLE Phone 1027
