# DR. AND MRS. GARDNER LEAVE FOR EUROPE TO STAY UNTIL MARCH
## 
### 
Dr. D. Charles Gardner, chaplain of
the University, wlil be absent until
next March, having left for a visit in
Europe Monday. Sailing from Montreal
on July 3 for Scotland, Mr. and Mrs.
Gardner plan to visit relatives and
friends during the first part of their
stay in Europe, and then to spend
several months in rest and recreation
in some quiet rural place.
Dr. D. Charles Gardner, chaplain of
the University, wlil be absent until
next March, having left for a visit in
Europe Monday. Sailing from Montreal
on July 3 for Scotland, Mr. and Mrs.
Gardner plan to visit relatives and
friends during the first part of their
stay in Europe, and then to spend
several months in rest and recreation
in some quiet rural place.
Dr. D. Charles Gardner, chaplain of
the University, wlil be absent until
next March, having left for a visit in
Europe Monday. Sailing from Montreal
on July 3 for Scotland, Mr. and Mrs.
Gardner plan to visit relatives and
friends during the first part of their
stay in Europe, and then to spend
several months in rest and recreation
in some quiet rural place.
Dr. D. Charles Gardner, chaplain of
the University, wlil be absent until
next March, having left for a visit in
Europe Monday. Sailing from Montreal
on July 3 for Scotland, Mr. and Mrs.
Gardner plan to visit relatives and
friends during the first part of their
stay in Europe, and then to spend
several months in rest and recreation
in some quiet rural place.
Dr. D. Charles Gardner, chaplain of
the University, wlil be absent until
next March, having left for a visit in
Europe Monday. Sailing from Montreal
on July 3 for Scotland, Mr. and Mrs.
Gardner plan to visit relatives and
friends during the first part of their
stay in Europe, and then to spend
several months in rest and recreation
in some quiet rural place.
Dr. D. Charles Gardner, chaplain of
the University, wlil be absent until
next March, having left for a visit in
Europe Monday. Sailing from Montreal
on July 3 for Scotland, Mr. and Mrs.
Gardner plan to visit relatives and
friends during the first part of their
stay in Europe, and then to spend
several months in rest and recreation
in some quiet rural place.
Dr. D. Charles Gardner, chaplain of
the University, wlil be absent until
next March, having left for a visit in
Europe Monday. Sailing from Montreal
on July 3 for Scotland, Mr. and Mrs.
Gardner plan to visit relatives and
friends during the first part of their
stay in Europe, and then to spend
several months in rest and recreation
in some quiet rural place.
Dr. D. Charles Gardner, chaplain of
the University, wlil be absent until
next March, having left for a visit in
Europe Monday. Sailing from Montreal
on July 3 for Scotland, Mr. and Mrs.
Gardner plan to visit relatives and
friends during the first part of their
stay in Europe, and then to spend
several months in rest and recreation
in some quiet rural place.
Dr. D. Charles Gardner, chaplain of
the University, wlil be absent until
next March, having left for a visit in
Europe Monday. Sailing from Montreal
on July 3 for Scotland, Mr. and Mrs.
Gardner plan to visit relatives and
friends during the first part of their
stay in Europe, and then to spend
several months in rest and recreation
in some quiet rural place.
Dr. D. Charles Gardner, chaplain of
the University, wlil be absent until
next March, having left for a visit in
Europe Monday. Sailing from Montreal
on July 3 for Scotland, Mr. and Mrs.
Gardner plan to visit relatives and
friends during the first part of their
stay in Europe, and then to spend
several months in rest and recreation
in some quiet rural place.
Dr. D. Charles Gardner, chaplain of
the University, wlil be absent until
next March, having left for a visit in
Europe Monday. Sailing from Montreal
on July 3 for Scotland, Mr. and Mrs.
Gardner plan to visit relatives and
friends during the first part of their
stay in Europe, and then to spend
several months in rest and recreation
in some quiet rural place.
Dr. D. Charles Gardner, chaplain of
the University, wlil be absent until
next March, having left for a visit in
Europe Monday. Sailing from Montreal
on July 3 for Scotland, Mr. and Mrs.
Gardner plan to visit relatives and
friends during the first part of their
stay in Europe, and then to spend
several months in rest and recreation
in some quiet rural place.
Dr. D. Charles Gardner, chaplain of
the University, wlil be absent until
next March, having left for a visit in
Europe Monday. Sailing from Montreal
on July 3 for Scotland, Mr. and Mrs.
Gardner plan to visit relatives and
friends during the first part of their
stay in Europe, and then to spend
several months in rest and recreation
in some quiet rural place.
Dr. D. Charles Gardner, chaplain of
the University, wlil be absent until
next March, having left for a visit in
Europe Monday. Sailing from Montreal
on July 3 for Scotland, Mr. and Mrs.
Gardner plan to visit relatives and
friends during the first part of their
stay in Europe, and then to spend
several months in rest and recreation
in some quiet rural place.
Dr. D. Charles Gardner, chaplain of
the University, wlil be absent until
next March, having left for a visit in
Europe Monday. Sailing from Montreal
on July 3 for Scotland, Mr. and Mrs.
Gardner plan to visit relatives and
friends during the first part of their
stay in Europe, and then to spend
several months in rest and recreation
in some quiet rural place.
Dr. D. Charles Gardner, chaplain of
the University, wlil be absent until
next March, having left for a visit in
Europe Monday. Sailing from Montreal
on July 3 for Scotland, Mr. and Mrs.
Gardner plan to visit relatives and
friends during the first part of their
stay in Europe, and then to spend
several months in rest and recreation
in some quiet rural place.
