# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
In the bullet and shell-pocked Rizal stadium in Manila, a cleaned
out Jap stronghold, the Army and Navy tangled on the baseball dia
mond. At bat taking a lusty swing is Ed Waitkus, former first base
man for the Chicago Cubs, now of Los Angeles.

By United Press
In the bullet and shell-pocked Rizal stadium in Manila, a cleaned
out Jap stronghold, the Army and Navy tangled on the baseball dia
mond. At bat taking a lusty swing is Ed Waitkus, former first base
man for the Chicago Cubs, now of Los Angeles.

By United Press
In the bullet and shell-pocked Rizal stadium in Manila, a cleaned
out Jap stronghold, the Army and Navy tangled on the baseball dia
mond. At bat taking a lusty swing is Ed Waitkus, former first base
man for the Chicago Cubs, now of Los Angeles.

By United Press
In the bullet and shell-pocked Rizal stadium in Manila, a cleaned
out Jap stronghold, the Army and Navy tangled on the baseball dia
mond. At bat taking a lusty swing is Ed Waitkus, former first base
man for the Chicago Cubs, now of Los Angeles.

By United Press
In the bullet and shell-pocked Rizal stadium in Manila, a cleaned
out Jap stronghold, the Army and Navy tangled on the baseball dia
mond. At bat taking a lusty swing is Ed Waitkus, former first base
man for the Chicago Cubs, now of Los Angeles.

By United Press
In the bullet and shell-pocked Rizal stadium in Manila, a cleaned
out Jap stronghold, the Army and Navy tangled on the baseball dia
mond. At bat taking a lusty swing is Ed Waitkus, former first base
man for the Chicago Cubs, now of Los Angeles.

By United Press
In the bullet and shell-pocked Rizal stadium in Manila, a cleaned
out Jap stronghold, the Army and Navy tangled on the baseball dia
mond. At bat taking a lusty swing is Ed Waitkus, former first base
man for the Chicago Cubs, now of Los Angeles.

By United Press
In the bullet and shell-pocked Rizal stadium in Manila, a cleaned
out Jap stronghold, the Army and Navy tangled on the baseball dia
mond. At bat taking a lusty swing is Ed Waitkus, former first base
man for the Chicago Cubs, now of Los Angeles.

By United Press
In the bullet and shell-pocked Rizal stadium in Manila, a cleaned
out Jap stronghold, the Army and Navy tangled on the baseball dia
mond. At bat taking a lusty swing is Ed Waitkus, former first base
man for the Chicago Cubs, now of Los Angeles.

By United Press
In the bullet and shell-pocked Rizal stadium in Manila, a cleaned
out Jap stronghold, the Army and Navy tangled on the baseball dia
mond. At bat taking a lusty swing is Ed Waitkus, former first base
man for the Chicago Cubs, now of Los Angeles.

By United Press
In the bullet and shell-pocked Rizal stadium in Manila, a cleaned
out Jap stronghold, the Army and Navy tangled on the baseball dia
mond. At bat taking a lusty swing is Ed Waitkus, former first base
man for the Chicago Cubs, now of Los Angeles.

By United Press
In the bullet and shell-pocked Rizal stadium in Manila, a cleaned
out Jap stronghold, the Army and Navy tangled on the baseball dia
mond. At bat taking a lusty swing is Ed Waitkus, former first base
man for the Chicago Cubs, now of Los Angeles.

By United Press
In the bullet and shell-pocked Rizal stadium in Manila, a cleaned
out Jap stronghold, the Army and Navy tangled on the baseball dia
mond. At bat taking a lusty swing is Ed Waitkus, former first base
man for the Chicago Cubs, now of Los Angeles.

By United Press
In the bullet and shell-pocked Rizal stadium in Manila, a cleaned
out Jap stronghold, the Army and Navy tangled on the baseball dia
mond. At bat taking a lusty swing is Ed Waitkus, former first base
man for the Chicago Cubs, now of Los Angeles.

By United Press
In the bullet and shell-pocked Rizal stadium in Manila, a cleaned
out Jap stronghold, the Army and Navy tangled on the baseball dia
mond. At bat taking a lusty swing is Ed Waitkus, former first base
man for the Chicago Cubs, now of Los Angeles.
