# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
Unfazed by the sinking of two
ships on which he served as an ex
ecutive officer, Lt. Comm. Thomas
B. Owen, USN, 25, told his experi
ences to Twelfth Naval District
public relations officers in San
Francisco where he is a resident.
The ships were the U. S. S. Bush
and the U. S. S. Northampton.

By United Press
Unfazed by the sinking of two
ships on which he served as an ex
ecutive officer, Lt. Comm. Thomas
B. Owen, USN, 25, told his experi
ences to Twelfth Naval District
public relations officers in San
Francisco where he is a resident.
The ships were the U. S. S. Bush
and the U. S. S. Northampton.

By United Press
Unfazed by the sinking of two
ships on which he served as an ex
ecutive officer, Lt. Comm. Thomas
B. Owen, USN, 25, told his experi
ences to Twelfth Naval District
public relations officers in San
Francisco where he is a resident.
The ships were the U. S. S. Bush
and the U. S. S. Northampton.

By United Press
Unfazed by the sinking of two
ships on which he served as an ex
ecutive officer, Lt. Comm. Thomas
B. Owen, USN, 25, told his experi
ences to Twelfth Naval District
public relations officers in San
Francisco where he is a resident.
The ships were the U. S. S. Bush
and the U. S. S. Northampton.

By United Press
Unfazed by the sinking of two
ships on which he served as an ex
ecutive officer, Lt. Comm. Thomas
B. Owen, USN, 25, told his experi
ences to Twelfth Naval District
public relations officers in San
Francisco where he is a resident.
The ships were the U. S. S. Bush
and the U. S. S. Northampton.

By United Press
Unfazed by the sinking of two
ships on which he served as an ex
ecutive officer, Lt. Comm. Thomas
B. Owen, USN, 25, told his experi
ences to Twelfth Naval District
public relations officers in San
Francisco where he is a resident.
The ships were the U. S. S. Bush
and the U. S. S. Northampton.

By United Press
Unfazed by the sinking of two
ships on which he served as an ex
ecutive officer, Lt. Comm. Thomas
B. Owen, USN, 25, told his experi
ences to Twelfth Naval District
public relations officers in San
Francisco where he is a resident.
The ships were the U. S. S. Bush
and the U. S. S. Northampton.

By United Press
Unfazed by the sinking of two
ships on which he served as an ex
ecutive officer, Lt. Comm. Thomas
B. Owen, USN, 25, told his experi
ences to Twelfth Naval District
public relations officers in San
Francisco where he is a resident.
The ships were the U. S. S. Bush
and the U. S. S. Northampton.

By United Press
Unfazed by the sinking of two
ships on which he served as an ex
ecutive officer, Lt. Comm. Thomas
B. Owen, USN, 25, told his experi
ences to Twelfth Naval District
public relations officers in San
Francisco where he is a resident.
The ships were the U. S. S. Bush
and the U. S. S. Northampton.

By United Press
Unfazed by the sinking of two
ships on which he served as an ex
ecutive officer, Lt. Comm. Thomas
B. Owen, USN, 25, told his experi
ences to Twelfth Naval District
public relations officers in San
Francisco where he is a resident.
The ships were the U. S. S. Bush
and the U. S. S. Northampton.

By United Press
Unfazed by the sinking of two
ships on which he served as an ex
ecutive officer, Lt. Comm. Thomas
B. Owen, USN, 25, told his experi
ences to Twelfth Naval District
public relations officers in San
Francisco where he is a resident.
The ships were the U. S. S. Bush
and the U. S. S. Northampton.

By United Press
Unfazed by the sinking of two
ships on which he served as an ex
ecutive officer, Lt. Comm. Thomas
B. Owen, USN, 25, told his experi
ences to Twelfth Naval District
public relations officers in San
Francisco where he is a resident.
The ships were the U. S. S. Bush
and the U. S. S. Northampton.

By United Press
Unfazed by the sinking of two
ships on which he served as an ex
ecutive officer, Lt. Comm. Thomas
B. Owen, USN, 25, told his experi
ences to Twelfth Naval District
public relations officers in San
Francisco where he is a resident.
The ships were the U. S. S. Bush
and the U. S. S. Northampton.

By United Press
Unfazed by the sinking of two
ships on which he served as an ex
ecutive officer, Lt. Comm. Thomas
B. Owen, USN, 25, told his experi
ences to Twelfth Naval District
public relations officers in San
Francisco where he is a resident.
The ships were the U. S. S. Bush
and the U. S. S. Northampton.

By United Press
Unfazed by the sinking of two
ships on which he served as an ex
ecutive officer, Lt. Comm. Thomas
B. Owen, USN, 25, told his experi
ences to Twelfth Naval District
public relations officers in San
Francisco where he is a resident.
The ships were the U. S. S. Bush
and the U. S. S. Northampton.
