# Exhibition of Art Work.
## 
### 
On Thursday and Friday of the
present week from 1:30 to 4:30
there will he an exhibition at Ihe
art studio of the work of advanced
students in the department of
Drawing and Painting. The studio
will be open to all visitors who
wish to attend.
On Thursday and Friday of the
present week from 1:30 to 4:30
there will he an exhibition at Ihe
art studio of the work of advanced
students in the department of
Drawing and Painting. The studio
will be open to all visitors who
wish to attend.
On Thursday and Friday of the
present week from 1:30 to 4:30
there will he an exhibition at Ihe
art studio of the work of advanced
students in the department of
Drawing and Painting. The studio
will be open to all visitors who
wish to attend.
On Thursday and Friday of the
present week from 1:30 to 4:30
there will he an exhibition at Ihe
art studio of the work of advanced
students in the department of
Drawing and Painting. The studio
will be open to all visitors who
wish to attend.
On Thursday and Friday of the
present week from 1:30 to 4:30
there will he an exhibition at Ihe
art studio of the work of advanced
students in the department of
Drawing and Painting. The studio
will be open to all visitors who
wish to attend.
On Thursday and Friday of the
present week from 1:30 to 4:30
there will he an exhibition at Ihe
art studio of the work of advanced
students in the department of
Drawing and Painting. The studio
will be open to all visitors who
wish to attend.
On Thursday and Friday of the
present week from 1:30 to 4:30
there will he an exhibition at Ihe
art studio of the work of advanced
students in the department of
Drawing and Painting. The studio
will be open to all visitors who
wish to attend.
On Thursday and Friday of the
present week from 1:30 to 4:30
there will he an exhibition at Ihe
art studio of the work of advanced
students in the department of
Drawing and Painting. The studio
will be open to all visitors who
wish to attend.
