# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Meetings Start
As Volume Ends
This is the last paper of
Daily volume 142.
There will be a mandatory
meeting Sunday afternoon at
1:30 for all Daily staff mem
bers in Room 320. Penalties
will be imposed for unex
cused absences.
Rides to the Daily banquet
tonight at L’Omelette will
leave the Shack at 6:45.
Meetings Start
As Volume Ends
This is the last paper of
Daily volume 142.
There will be a mandatory
meeting Sunday afternoon at
1:30 for all Daily staff mem
bers in Room 320. Penalties
will be imposed for unex
cused absences.
Rides to the Daily banquet
tonight at L’Omelette will
leave the Shack at 6:45.
Meetings Start
As Volume Ends
This is the last paper of
Daily volume 142.
There will be a mandatory
meeting Sunday afternoon at
1:30 for all Daily staff mem
bers in Room 320. Penalties
will be imposed for unex
cused absences.
Rides to the Daily banquet
tonight at L’Omelette will
leave the Shack at 6:45.
Meetings Start
As Volume Ends
This is the last paper of
Daily volume 142.
There will be a mandatory
meeting Sunday afternoon at
1:30 for all Daily staff mem
bers in Room 320. Penalties
will be imposed for unex
cused absences.
Rides to the Daily banquet
tonight at L’Omelette will
leave the Shack at 6:45.
Meetings Start
As Volume Ends
This is the last paper of
Daily volume 142.
There will be a mandatory
meeting Sunday afternoon at
1:30 for all Daily staff mem
bers in Room 320. Penalties
will be imposed for unex
cused absences.
Rides to the Daily banquet
tonight at L’Omelette will
leave the Shack at 6:45.
Meetings Start
As Volume Ends
This is the last paper of
Daily volume 142.
There will be a mandatory
meeting Sunday afternoon at
1:30 for all Daily staff mem
bers in Room 320. Penalties
will be imposed for unex
cused absences.
Rides to the Daily banquet
tonight at L’Omelette will
leave the Shack at 6:45.
Meetings Start
As Volume Ends
This is the last paper of
Daily volume 142.
There will be a mandatory
meeting Sunday afternoon at
1:30 for all Daily staff mem
bers in Room 320. Penalties
will be imposed for unex
cused absences.
Rides to the Daily banquet
tonight at L’Omelette will
leave the Shack at 6:45.
Meetings Start
As Volume Ends
This is the last paper of
Daily volume 142.
There will be a mandatory
meeting Sunday afternoon at
1:30 for all Daily staff mem
bers in Room 320. Penalties
will be imposed for unex
cused absences.
Rides to the Daily banquet
tonight at L’Omelette will
leave the Shack at 6:45.
Meetings Start
As Volume Ends
This is the last paper of
Daily volume 142.
There will be a mandatory
meeting Sunday afternoon at
1:30 for all Daily staff mem
bers in Room 320. Penalties
will be imposed for unex
cused absences.
Rides to the Daily banquet
tonight at L’Omelette will
leave the Shack at 6:45.
Meetings Start
As Volume Ends
This is the last paper of
Daily volume 142.
There will be a mandatory
meeting Sunday afternoon at
1:30 for all Daily staff mem
bers in Room 320. Penalties
will be imposed for unex
cused absences.
Rides to the Daily banquet
tonight at L’Omelette will
leave the Shack at 6:45.
Meetings Start
As Volume Ends
This is the last paper of
Daily volume 142.
There will be a mandatory
meeting Sunday afternoon at
1:30 for all Daily staff mem
bers in Room 320. Penalties
will be imposed for unex
cused absences.
Rides to the Daily banquet
tonight at L’Omelette will
leave the Shack at 6:45.
Meetings Start
As Volume Ends
This is the last paper of
Daily volume 142.
There will be a mandatory
meeting Sunday afternoon at
1:30 for all Daily staff mem
bers in Room 320. Penalties
will be imposed for unex
cused absences.
Rides to the Daily banquet
tonight at L’Omelette will
leave the Shack at 6:45.
Meetings Start
As Volume Ends
This is the last paper of
Daily volume 142.
There will be a mandatory
meeting Sunday afternoon at
1:30 for all Daily staff mem
bers in Room 320. Penalties
will be imposed for unex
cused absences.
Rides to the Daily banquet
tonight at L’Omelette will
leave the Shack at 6:45.
Meetings Start
As Volume Ends
This is the last paper of
Daily volume 142.
There will be a mandatory
meeting Sunday afternoon at
1:30 for all Daily staff mem
bers in Room 320. Penalties
will be imposed for unex
cused absences.
Rides to the Daily banquet
tonight at L’Omelette will
leave the Shack at 6:45.
Meetings Start
As Volume Ends
This is the last paper of
Daily volume 142.
There will be a mandatory
meeting Sunday afternoon at
1:30 for all Daily staff mem
bers in Room 320. Penalties
will be imposed for unex
cused absences.
Rides to the Daily banquet
tonight at L’Omelette will
leave the Shack at 6:45.
Meetings Start
As Volume Ends
This is the last paper of
Daily volume 142.
There will be a mandatory
meeting Sunday afternoon at
1:30 for all Daily staff mem
bers in Room 320. Penalties
will be imposed for unex
cused absences.
Rides to the Daily banquet
tonight at L’Omelette will
leave the Shack at 6:45.
