# Letters to the Editor
## 
### 
Editor, The Dally:
The proceeds from the movie
“Munna” being presented by the
Asia desk of the HR and the In
dia Association will go to the Na
tional Defense Fund of India. Ac
cording to the India Consul in
San Francisco the purpose of this
fund is to raise money to arm
and clothe the Indian soldiers at
the front in the India-China dis
pute.

I am opposed to the use of
arms and war as a method of
dealing with human conflicts. Vi
olence can only subdue one side
without answering the real needs
of either. I will picket the movie
asking people who plan to buy
tickets to realize that they will
be suppoi’ting and aiding in the
killing of human beings. People
who buy tickets must share the
responsibility for that killing
along with the soldier who fires
the gun.
I urge the Asia desk and the
India Association to raise money

for the Border Relief Fund which
is used for the rehabilitation of
refugees.
Concerned people are invited to
join me in the picket.
Kit Ilavice
Editor, The Daily:
Whether we are taking our re
sponsibility to our school, com
munity, nation, and world seri
ously enough is a question which
many of us seem not to have re
solved. Whether anyone is taking
Armin Rosencranz seriously is
easier to answer. I, for one, am.
Whether Jim Andruss is taking
Armin’s tongue-in-cheek state
ments seriously, or his own po
litical defeat graciously does not
seem much in doubt.
Let’s all take ourselves less
seriously and the issues before
us more seriously.
Tony Komaroff

(Editor’s note: Mr. Andruss ran
for ASSU President against Mr.
Rosencranz last May.)
Editor, The Dally:
The proceeds from the movie
“Munna” being presented by the
Asia desk of the HR and the In
dia Association will go to the Na
tional Defense Fund of India. Ac
cording to the India Consul in
San Francisco the purpose of this
fund is to raise money to arm
and clothe the Indian soldiers at
the front in the India-China dis
pute.

I am opposed to the use of
arms and war as a method of
dealing with human conflicts. Vi
olence can only subdue one side
without answering the real needs
of either. I will picket the movie
asking people who plan to buy
tickets to realize that they will
be suppoi’ting and aiding in the
killing of human beings. People
who buy tickets must share the
responsibility for that killing
along with the soldier who fires
the gun.
I urge the Asia desk and the
India Association to raise money

for the Border Relief Fund which
is used for the rehabilitation of
refugees.
Concerned people are invited to
join me in the picket.
Kit Ilavice
Editor, The Daily:
Whether we are taking our re
sponsibility to our school, com
munity, nation, and world seri
ously enough is a question which
many of us seem not to have re
solved. Whether anyone is taking
Armin Rosencranz seriously is
easier to answer. I, for one, am.
Whether Jim Andruss is taking
Armin’s tongue-in-cheek state
ments seriously, or his own po
litical defeat graciously does not
seem much in doubt.
Let’s all take ourselves less
seriously and the issues before
us more seriously.
Tony Komaroff

(Editor’s note: Mr. Andruss ran
for ASSU President against Mr.
Rosencranz last May.)
Editor, The Dally:
The proceeds from the movie
“Munna” being presented by the
Asia desk of the HR and the In
dia Association will go to the Na
tional Defense Fund of India. Ac
cording to the India Consul in
San Francisco the purpose of this
fund is to raise money to arm
and clothe the Indian soldiers at
the front in the India-China dis
pute.

I am opposed to the use of
arms and war as a method of
dealing with human conflicts. Vi
olence can only subdue one side
without answering the real needs
of either. I will picket the movie
asking people who plan to buy
tickets to realize that they will
be suppoi’ting and aiding in the
killing of human beings. People
who buy tickets must share the
responsibility for that killing
along with the soldier who fires
the gun.
I urge the Asia desk and the
India Association to raise money

for the Border Relief Fund which
is used for the rehabilitation of
refugees.
Concerned people are invited to
join me in the picket.
Kit Ilavice
Editor, The Daily:
Whether we are taking our re
sponsibility to our school, com
munity, nation, and world seri
ously enough is a question which
many of us seem not to have re
solved. Whether anyone is taking
Armin Rosencranz seriously is
easier to answer. I, for one, am.
Whether Jim Andruss is taking
Armin’s tongue-in-cheek state
ments seriously, or his own po
litical defeat graciously does not
seem much in doubt.
Let’s all take ourselves less
seriously and the issues before
us more seriously.
Tony Komaroff

(Editor’s note: Mr. Andruss ran
for ASSU President against Mr.
Rosencranz last May.)
Editor, The Dally:
The proceeds from the movie
“Munna” being presented by the
Asia desk of the HR and the In
dia Association will go to the Na
tional Defense Fund of India. Ac
cording to the India Consul in
San Francisco the purpose of this
fund is to raise money to arm
and clothe the Indian soldiers at
the front in the India-China dis
pute.

I am opposed to the use of
arms and war as a method of
dealing with human conflicts. Vi
olence can only subdue one side
without answering the real needs
of either. I will picket the movie
asking people who plan to buy
tickets to realize that they will
be suppoi’ting and aiding in the
killing of human beings. People
who buy tickets must share the
responsibility for that killing
along with the soldier who fires
the gun.
I urge the Asia desk and the
India Association to raise money

for the Border Relief Fund which
is used for the rehabilitation of
refugees.
Concerned people are invited to
join me in the picket.
Kit Ilavice
Editor, The Daily:
Whether we are taking our re
sponsibility to our school, com
munity, nation, and world seri
ously enough is a question which
many of us seem not to have re
solved. Whether anyone is taking
Armin Rosencranz seriously is
easier to answer. I, for one, am.
Whether Jim Andruss is taking
Armin’s tongue-in-cheek state
ments seriously, or his own po
litical defeat graciously does not
seem much in doubt.
Let’s all take ourselves less
seriously and the issues before
us more seriously.
Tony Komaroff

(Editor’s note: Mr. Andruss ran
for ASSU President against Mr.
Rosencranz last May.)
Editor, The Dally:
The proceeds from the movie
“Munna” being presented by the
Asia desk of the HR and the In
dia Association will go to the Na
tional Defense Fund of India. Ac
cording to the India Consul in
San Francisco the purpose of this
fund is to raise money to arm
and clothe the Indian soldiers at
the front in the India-China dis
pute.

I am opposed to the use of
arms and war as a method of
dealing with human conflicts. Vi
olence can only subdue one side
without answering the real needs
of either. I will picket the movie
asking people who plan to buy
tickets to realize that they will
be suppoi’ting and aiding in the
killing of human beings. People
who buy tickets must share the
responsibility for that killing
along with the soldier who fires
the gun.
I urge the Asia desk and the
India Association to raise money

for the Border Relief Fund which
is used for the rehabilitation of
refugees.
Concerned people are invited to
join me in the picket.
Kit Ilavice
Editor, The Daily:
Whether we are taking our re
sponsibility to our school, com
munity, nation, and world seri
ously enough is a question which
many of us seem not to have re
solved. Whether anyone is taking
Armin Rosencranz seriously is
easier to answer. I, for one, am.
Whether Jim Andruss is taking
Armin’s tongue-in-cheek state
ments seriously, or his own po
litical defeat graciously does not
seem much in doubt.
Let’s all take ourselves less
seriously and the issues before
us more seriously.
Tony Komaroff

(Editor’s note: Mr. Andruss ran
for ASSU President against Mr.
Rosencranz last May.)
Editor, The Dally:
The proceeds from the movie
“Munna” being presented by the
Asia desk of the HR and the In
dia Association will go to the Na
tional Defense Fund of India. Ac
cording to the India Consul in
San Francisco the purpose of this
fund is to raise money to arm
and clothe the Indian soldiers at
the front in the India-China dis
pute.

I am opposed to the use of
arms and war as a method of
dealing with human conflicts. Vi
olence can only subdue one side
without answering the real needs
of either. I will picket the movie
asking people who plan to buy
tickets to realize that they will
be suppoi’ting and aiding in the
killing of human beings. People
who buy tickets must share the
responsibility for that killing
along with the soldier who fires
the gun.
I urge the Asia desk and the
India Association to raise money

for the Border Relief Fund which
is used for the rehabilitation of
refugees.
Concerned people are invited to
join me in the picket.
Kit Ilavice
Editor, The Daily:
Whether we are taking our re
sponsibility to our school, com
munity, nation, and world seri
ously enough is a question which
many of us seem not to have re
solved. Whether anyone is taking
Armin Rosencranz seriously is
easier to answer. I, for one, am.
Whether Jim Andruss is taking
Armin’s tongue-in-cheek state
ments seriously, or his own po
litical defeat graciously does not
seem much in doubt.
Let’s all take ourselves less
seriously and the issues before
us more seriously.
Tony Komaroff

(Editor’s note: Mr. Andruss ran
for ASSU President against Mr.
Rosencranz last May.)
Editor, The Dally:
The proceeds from the movie
“Munna” being presented by the
Asia desk of the HR and the In
dia Association will go to the Na
tional Defense Fund of India. Ac
cording to the India Consul in
San Francisco the purpose of this
fund is to raise money to arm
and clothe the Indian soldiers at
the front in the India-China dis
pute.

I am opposed to the use of
arms and war as a method of
dealing with human conflicts. Vi
olence can only subdue one side
without answering the real needs
of either. I will picket the movie
asking people who plan to buy
tickets to realize that they will
be suppoi’ting and aiding in the
killing of human beings. People
who buy tickets must share the
responsibility for that killing
along with the soldier who fires
the gun.
I urge the Asia desk and the
India Association to raise money

for the Border Relief Fund which
is used for the rehabilitation of
refugees.
Concerned people are invited to
join me in the picket.
Kit Ilavice
Editor, The Daily:
Whether we are taking our re
sponsibility to our school, com
munity, nation, and world seri
ously enough is a question which
many of us seem not to have re
solved. Whether anyone is taking
Armin Rosencranz seriously is
easier to answer. I, for one, am.
Whether Jim Andruss is taking
Armin’s tongue-in-cheek state
ments seriously, or his own po
litical defeat graciously does not
seem much in doubt.
Let’s all take ourselves less
seriously and the issues before
us more seriously.
Tony Komaroff

(Editor’s note: Mr. Andruss ran
for ASSU President against Mr.
Rosencranz last May.)
Editor, The Dally:
The proceeds from the movie
“Munna” being presented by the
Asia desk of the HR and the In
dia Association will go to the Na
tional Defense Fund of India. Ac
cording to the India Consul in
San Francisco the purpose of this
fund is to raise money to arm
and clothe the Indian soldiers at
the front in the India-China dis
pute.

I am opposed to the use of
arms and war as a method of
dealing with human conflicts. Vi
olence can only subdue one side
without answering the real needs
of either. I will picket the movie
asking people who plan to buy
tickets to realize that they will
be suppoi’ting and aiding in the
killing of human beings. People
who buy tickets must share the
responsibility for that killing
along with the soldier who fires
the gun.
I urge the Asia desk and the
India Association to raise money

for the Border Relief Fund which
is used for the rehabilitation of
refugees.
Concerned people are invited to
join me in the picket.
Kit Ilavice
Editor, The Daily:
Whether we are taking our re
sponsibility to our school, com
munity, nation, and world seri
ously enough is a question which
many of us seem not to have re
solved. Whether anyone is taking
Armin Rosencranz seriously is
easier to answer. I, for one, am.
Whether Jim Andruss is taking
Armin’s tongue-in-cheek state
ments seriously, or his own po
litical defeat graciously does not
seem much in doubt.
Let’s all take ourselves less
seriously and the issues before
us more seriously.
Tony Komaroff

(Editor’s note: Mr. Andruss ran
for ASSU President against Mr.
Rosencranz last May.)
Editor, The Dally:
The proceeds from the movie
“Munna” being presented by the
Asia desk of the HR and the In
dia Association will go to the Na
tional Defense Fund of India. Ac
cording to the India Consul in
San Francisco the purpose of this
fund is to raise money to arm
and clothe the Indian soldiers at
the front in the India-China dis
pute.

I am opposed to the use of
arms and war as a method of
dealing with human conflicts. Vi
olence can only subdue one side
without answering the real needs
of either. I will picket the movie
asking people who plan to buy
tickets to realize that they will
be suppoi’ting and aiding in the
killing of human beings. People
who buy tickets must share the
responsibility for that killing
along with the soldier who fires
the gun.
I urge the Asia desk and the
India Association to raise money

for the Border Relief Fund which
is used for the rehabilitation of
refugees.
Concerned people are invited to
join me in the picket.
Kit Ilavice
Editor, The Daily:
Whether we are taking our re
sponsibility to our school, com
munity, nation, and world seri
ously enough is a question which
many of us seem not to have re
solved. Whether anyone is taking
Armin Rosencranz seriously is
easier to answer. I, for one, am.
Whether Jim Andruss is taking
Armin’s tongue-in-cheek state
ments seriously, or his own po
litical defeat graciously does not
seem much in doubt.
Let’s all take ourselves less
seriously and the issues before
us more seriously.
Tony Komaroff

(Editor’s note: Mr. Andruss ran
for ASSU President against Mr.
Rosencranz last May.)
Editor, The Dally:
The proceeds from the movie
“Munna” being presented by the
Asia desk of the HR and the In
dia Association will go to the Na
tional Defense Fund of India. Ac
cording to the India Consul in
San Francisco the purpose of this
fund is to raise money to arm
and clothe the Indian soldiers at
the front in the India-China dis
pute.

I am opposed to the use of
arms and war as a method of
dealing with human conflicts. Vi
olence can only subdue one side
without answering the real needs
of either. I will picket the movie
asking people who plan to buy
tickets to realize that they will
be suppoi’ting and aiding in the
killing of human beings. People
who buy tickets must share the
responsibility for that killing
along with the soldier who fires
the gun.
I urge the Asia desk and the
India Association to raise money

for the Border Relief Fund which
is used for the rehabilitation of
refugees.
Concerned people are invited to
join me in the picket.
Kit Ilavice
Editor, The Daily:
Whether we are taking our re
sponsibility to our school, com
munity, nation, and world seri
ously enough is a question which
many of us seem not to have re
solved. Whether anyone is taking
Armin Rosencranz seriously is
easier to answer. I, for one, am.
Whether Jim Andruss is taking
Armin’s tongue-in-cheek state
ments seriously, or his own po
litical defeat graciously does not
seem much in doubt.
Let’s all take ourselves less
seriously and the issues before
us more seriously.
Tony Komaroff

(Editor’s note: Mr. Andruss ran
for ASSU President against Mr.
Rosencranz last May.)
Editor, The Dally:
The proceeds from the movie
“Munna” being presented by the
Asia desk of the HR and the In
dia Association will go to the Na
tional Defense Fund of India. Ac
cording to the India Consul in
San Francisco the purpose of this
fund is to raise money to arm
and clothe the Indian soldiers at
the front in the India-China dis
pute.

I am opposed to the use of
arms and war as a method of
dealing with human conflicts. Vi
olence can only subdue one side
without answering the real needs
of either. I will picket the movie
asking people who plan to buy
tickets to realize that they will
be suppoi’ting and aiding in the
killing of human beings. People
who buy tickets must share the
responsibility for that killing
along with the soldier who fires
the gun.
I urge the Asia desk and the
India Association to raise money

for the Border Relief Fund which
is used for the rehabilitation of
refugees.
Concerned people are invited to
join me in the picket.
Kit Ilavice
Editor, The Daily:
Whether we are taking our re
sponsibility to our school, com
munity, nation, and world seri
ously enough is a question which
many of us seem not to have re
solved. Whether anyone is taking
Armin Rosencranz seriously is
easier to answer. I, for one, am.
Whether Jim Andruss is taking
Armin’s tongue-in-cheek state
ments seriously, or his own po
litical defeat graciously does not
seem much in doubt.
Let’s all take ourselves less
seriously and the issues before
us more seriously.
Tony Komaroff

(Editor’s note: Mr. Andruss ran
for ASSU President against Mr.
Rosencranz last May.)
Editor, The Dally:
The proceeds from the movie
“Munna” being presented by the
Asia desk of the HR and the In
dia Association will go to the Na
tional Defense Fund of India. Ac
cording to the India Consul in
San Francisco the purpose of this
fund is to raise money to arm
and clothe the Indian soldiers at
the front in the India-China dis
pute.

I am opposed to the use of
arms and war as a method of
dealing with human conflicts. Vi
olence can only subdue one side
without answering the real needs
of either. I will picket the movie
asking people who plan to buy
tickets to realize that they will
be suppoi’ting and aiding in the
killing of human beings. People
who buy tickets must share the
responsibility for that killing
along with the soldier who fires
the gun.
I urge the Asia desk and the
India Association to raise money

for the Border Relief Fund which
is used for the rehabilitation of
refugees.
Concerned people are invited to
join me in the picket.
Kit Ilavice
Editor, The Daily:
Whether we are taking our re
sponsibility to our school, com
munity, nation, and world seri
ously enough is a question which
many of us seem not to have re
solved. Whether anyone is taking
Armin Rosencranz seriously is
easier to answer. I, for one, am.
Whether Jim Andruss is taking
Armin’s tongue-in-cheek state
ments seriously, or his own po
litical defeat graciously does not
seem much in doubt.
Let’s all take ourselves less
seriously and the issues before
us more seriously.
Tony Komaroff

(Editor’s note: Mr. Andruss ran
for ASSU President against Mr.
Rosencranz last May.)
Editor, The Dally:
The proceeds from the movie
“Munna” being presented by the
Asia desk of the HR and the In
dia Association will go to the Na
tional Defense Fund of India. Ac
cording to the India Consul in
San Francisco the purpose of this
fund is to raise money to arm
and clothe the Indian soldiers at
the front in the India-China dis
pute.

I am opposed to the use of
arms and war as a method of
dealing with human conflicts. Vi
olence can only subdue one side
without answering the real needs
of either. I will picket the movie
asking people who plan to buy
tickets to realize that they will
be suppoi’ting and aiding in the
killing of human beings. People
who buy tickets must share the
responsibility for that killing
along with the soldier who fires
the gun.
I urge the Asia desk and the
India Association to raise money

for the Border Relief Fund which
is used for the rehabilitation of
refugees.
Concerned people are invited to
join me in the picket.
Kit Ilavice
Editor, The Daily:
Whether we are taking our re
sponsibility to our school, com
munity, nation, and world seri
ously enough is a question which
many of us seem not to have re
solved. Whether anyone is taking
Armin Rosencranz seriously is
easier to answer. I, for one, am.
Whether Jim Andruss is taking
Armin’s tongue-in-cheek state
ments seriously, or his own po
litical defeat graciously does not
seem much in doubt.
Let’s all take ourselves less
seriously and the issues before
us more seriously.
Tony Komaroff

(Editor’s note: Mr. Andruss ran
for ASSU President against Mr.
Rosencranz last May.)
Editor, The Dally:
The proceeds from the movie
“Munna” being presented by the
Asia desk of the HR and the In
dia Association will go to the Na
tional Defense Fund of India. Ac
cording to the India Consul in
San Francisco the purpose of this
fund is to raise money to arm
and clothe the Indian soldiers at
the front in the India-China dis
pute.

I am opposed to the use of
arms and war as a method of
dealing with human conflicts. Vi
olence can only subdue one side
without answering the real needs
of either. I will picket the movie
asking people who plan to buy
tickets to realize that they will
be suppoi’ting and aiding in the
killing of human beings. People
who buy tickets must share the
responsibility for that killing
along with the soldier who fires
the gun.
I urge the Asia desk and the
India Association to raise money

for the Border Relief Fund which
is used for the rehabilitation of
refugees.
Concerned people are invited to
join me in the picket.
Kit Ilavice
Editor, The Daily:
Whether we are taking our re
sponsibility to our school, com
munity, nation, and world seri
ously enough is a question which
many of us seem not to have re
solved. Whether anyone is taking
Armin Rosencranz seriously is
easier to answer. I, for one, am.
Whether Jim Andruss is taking
Armin’s tongue-in-cheek state
ments seriously, or his own po
litical defeat graciously does not
seem much in doubt.
Let’s all take ourselves less
seriously and the issues before
us more seriously.
Tony Komaroff

(Editor’s note: Mr. Andruss ran
for ASSU President against Mr.
Rosencranz last May.)
Editor, The Dally:
The proceeds from the movie
“Munna” being presented by the
Asia desk of the HR and the In
dia Association will go to the Na
tional Defense Fund of India. Ac
cording to the India Consul in
San Francisco the purpose of this
fund is to raise money to arm
and clothe the Indian soldiers at
the front in the India-China dis
pute.

I am opposed to the use of
arms and war as a method of
dealing with human conflicts. Vi
olence can only subdue one side
without answering the real needs
of either. I will picket the movie
asking people who plan to buy
tickets to realize that they will
be suppoi’ting and aiding in the
killing of human beings. People
who buy tickets must share the
responsibility for that killing
along with the soldier who fires
the gun.
I urge the Asia desk and the
India Association to raise money

for the Border Relief Fund which
is used for the rehabilitation of
refugees.
Concerned people are invited to
join me in the picket.
Kit Ilavice
Editor, The Daily:
Whether we are taking our re
sponsibility to our school, com
munity, nation, and world seri
ously enough is a question which
many of us seem not to have re
solved. Whether anyone is taking
Armin Rosencranz seriously is
easier to answer. I, for one, am.
Whether Jim Andruss is taking
Armin’s tongue-in-cheek state
ments seriously, or his own po
litical defeat graciously does not
seem much in doubt.
Let’s all take ourselves less
seriously and the issues before
us more seriously.
Tony Komaroff

(Editor’s note: Mr. Andruss ran
for ASSU President against Mr.
Rosencranz last May.)
Editor, The Dally:
The proceeds from the movie
“Munna” being presented by the
Asia desk of the HR and the In
dia Association will go to the Na
tional Defense Fund of India. Ac
cording to the India Consul in
San Francisco the purpose of this
fund is to raise money to arm
and clothe the Indian soldiers at
the front in the India-China dis
pute.

I am opposed to the use of
arms and war as a method of
dealing with human conflicts. Vi
olence can only subdue one side
without answering the real needs
of either. I will picket the movie
asking people who plan to buy
tickets to realize that they will
be suppoi’ting and aiding in the
killing of human beings. People
who buy tickets must share the
responsibility for that killing
along with the soldier who fires
the gun.
I urge the Asia desk and the
India Association to raise money

for the Border Relief Fund which
is used for the rehabilitation of
refugees.
Concerned people are invited to
join me in the picket.
Kit Ilavice
Editor, The Daily:
Whether we are taking our re
sponsibility to our school, com
munity, nation, and world seri
ously enough is a question which
many of us seem not to have re
solved. Whether anyone is taking
Armin Rosencranz seriously is
easier to answer. I, for one, am.
Whether Jim Andruss is taking
Armin’s tongue-in-cheek state
ments seriously, or his own po
litical defeat graciously does not
seem much in doubt.
Let’s all take ourselves less
seriously and the issues before
us more seriously.
Tony Komaroff

(Editor’s note: Mr. Andruss ran
for ASSU President against Mr.
Rosencranz last May.)
