# NEW COACH
## 
### 

Jesse C. Harper becomes athletic
director at Notre Dame, succeeding
Ktiute Rorkne. Harper resigned as
athletic director in 1918, turning
over the reins to Rockne.

Jesse C. Harper becomes athletic
director at Notre Dame, succeeding
Ktiute Rorkne. Harper resigned as
athletic director in 1918, turning
over the reins to Rockne.

Jesse C. Harper becomes athletic
director at Notre Dame, succeeding
Ktiute Rorkne. Harper resigned as
athletic director in 1918, turning
over the reins to Rockne.

Jesse C. Harper becomes athletic
director at Notre Dame, succeeding
Ktiute Rorkne. Harper resigned as
athletic director in 1918, turning
over the reins to Rockne.

Jesse C. Harper becomes athletic
director at Notre Dame, succeeding
Ktiute Rorkne. Harper resigned as
athletic director in 1918, turning
over the reins to Rockne.

Jesse C. Harper becomes athletic
director at Notre Dame, succeeding
Ktiute Rorkne. Harper resigned as
athletic director in 1918, turning
over the reins to Rockne.

Jesse C. Harper becomes athletic
director at Notre Dame, succeeding
Ktiute Rorkne. Harper resigned as
athletic director in 1918, turning
over the reins to Rockne.

Jesse C. Harper becomes athletic
director at Notre Dame, succeeding
Ktiute Rorkne. Harper resigned as
athletic director in 1918, turning
over the reins to Rockne.

Jesse C. Harper becomes athletic
director at Notre Dame, succeeding
Ktiute Rorkne. Harper resigned as
athletic director in 1918, turning
over the reins to Rockne.

Jesse C. Harper becomes athletic
director at Notre Dame, succeeding
Ktiute Rorkne. Harper resigned as
athletic director in 1918, turning
over the reins to Rockne.

Jesse C. Harper becomes athletic
director at Notre Dame, succeeding
Ktiute Rorkne. Harper resigned as
athletic director in 1918, turning
over the reins to Rockne.

Jesse C. Harper becomes athletic
director at Notre Dame, succeeding
Ktiute Rorkne. Harper resigned as
athletic director in 1918, turning
over the reins to Rockne.

Jesse C. Harper becomes athletic
director at Notre Dame, succeeding
Ktiute Rorkne. Harper resigned as
athletic director in 1918, turning
over the reins to Rockne.

Jesse C. Harper becomes athletic
director at Notre Dame, succeeding
Ktiute Rorkne. Harper resigned as
athletic director in 1918, turning
over the reins to Rockne.

Jesse C. Harper becomes athletic
director at Notre Dame, succeeding
Ktiute Rorkne. Harper resigned as
athletic director in 1918, turning
over the reins to Rockne.
