# CONDUCTOR
## 
### 

I)r. Arthur Rodzinski, dynamic
director of the Los Angeles Sym
phony, will he one of the guest con
ductors at the Woodland theatre
during the sumer quarter.

I)r. Arthur Rodzinski, dynamic
director of the Los Angeles Sym
phony, will he one of the guest con
ductors at the Woodland theatre
during the sumer quarter.

I)r. Arthur Rodzinski, dynamic
director of the Los Angeles Sym
phony, will he one of the guest con
ductors at the Woodland theatre
during the sumer quarter.

I)r. Arthur Rodzinski, dynamic
director of the Los Angeles Sym
phony, will he one of the guest con
ductors at the Woodland theatre
during the sumer quarter.

I)r. Arthur Rodzinski, dynamic
director of the Los Angeles Sym
phony, will he one of the guest con
ductors at the Woodland theatre
during the sumer quarter.

I)r. Arthur Rodzinski, dynamic
director of the Los Angeles Sym
phony, will he one of the guest con
ductors at the Woodland theatre
during the sumer quarter.

I)r. Arthur Rodzinski, dynamic
director of the Los Angeles Sym
phony, will he one of the guest con
ductors at the Woodland theatre
during the sumer quarter.

I)r. Arthur Rodzinski, dynamic
director of the Los Angeles Sym
phony, will he one of the guest con
ductors at the Woodland theatre
during the sumer quarter.

I)r. Arthur Rodzinski, dynamic
director of the Los Angeles Sym
phony, will he one of the guest con
ductors at the Woodland theatre
during the sumer quarter.

I)r. Arthur Rodzinski, dynamic
director of the Los Angeles Sym
phony, will he one of the guest con
ductors at the Woodland theatre
during the sumer quarter.

I)r. Arthur Rodzinski, dynamic
director of the Los Angeles Sym
phony, will he one of the guest con
ductors at the Woodland theatre
during the sumer quarter.

I)r. Arthur Rodzinski, dynamic
director of the Los Angeles Sym
phony, will he one of the guest con
ductors at the Woodland theatre
during the sumer quarter.

I)r. Arthur Rodzinski, dynamic
director of the Los Angeles Sym
phony, will he one of the guest con
ductors at the Woodland theatre
during the sumer quarter.

I)r. Arthur Rodzinski, dynamic
director of the Los Angeles Sym
phony, will he one of the guest con
ductors at the Woodland theatre
during the sumer quarter.

I)r. Arthur Rodzinski, dynamic
director of the Los Angeles Sym
phony, will he one of the guest con
ductors at the Woodland theatre
during the sumer quarter.
