# DECISION ON ARIZONA DAM CLAIM AWAITED
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P)
Arizona's challenge of the act au
thorizing construction of Hoovei
Dam in the Colorado river today
awaited decision as the Supreme
Court term drew near its close with
the jurists' work well in hand.
This case has been argued, but
the day on which the court's deci
sion will be announced its problem
atical.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P)
Arizona's challenge of the act au
thorizing construction of Hoovei
Dam in the Colorado river today
awaited decision as the Supreme
Court term drew near its close with
the jurists' work well in hand.
This case has been argued, but
the day on which the court's deci
sion will be announced its problem
atical.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P)
Arizona's challenge of the act au
thorizing construction of Hoovei
Dam in the Colorado river today
awaited decision as the Supreme
Court term drew near its close with
the jurists' work well in hand.
This case has been argued, but
the day on which the court's deci
sion will be announced its problem
atical.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P)
Arizona's challenge of the act au
thorizing construction of Hoovei
Dam in the Colorado river today
awaited decision as the Supreme
Court term drew near its close with
the jurists' work well in hand.
This case has been argued, but
the day on which the court's deci
sion will be announced its problem
atical.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P)
Arizona's challenge of the act au
thorizing construction of Hoovei
Dam in the Colorado river today
awaited decision as the Supreme
Court term drew near its close with
the jurists' work well in hand.
This case has been argued, but
the day on which the court's deci
sion will be announced its problem
atical.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P)
Arizona's challenge of the act au
thorizing construction of Hoovei
Dam in the Colorado river today
awaited decision as the Supreme
Court term drew near its close with
the jurists' work well in hand.
This case has been argued, but
the day on which the court's deci
sion will be announced its problem
atical.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P)
Arizona's challenge of the act au
thorizing construction of Hoovei
Dam in the Colorado river today
awaited decision as the Supreme
Court term drew near its close with
the jurists' work well in hand.
This case has been argued, but
the day on which the court's deci
sion will be announced its problem
atical.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P)
Arizona's challenge of the act au
thorizing construction of Hoovei
Dam in the Colorado river today
awaited decision as the Supreme
Court term drew near its close with
the jurists' work well in hand.
This case has been argued, but
the day on which the court's deci
sion will be announced its problem
atical.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P)
Arizona's challenge of the act au
thorizing construction of Hoovei
Dam in the Colorado river today
awaited decision as the Supreme
Court term drew near its close with
the jurists' work well in hand.
This case has been argued, but
the day on which the court's deci
sion will be announced its problem
atical.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P)
Arizona's challenge of the act au
thorizing construction of Hoovei
Dam in the Colorado river today
awaited decision as the Supreme
Court term drew near its close with
the jurists' work well in hand.
This case has been argued, but
the day on which the court's deci
sion will be announced its problem
atical.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P)
Arizona's challenge of the act au
thorizing construction of Hoovei
Dam in the Colorado river today
awaited decision as the Supreme
Court term drew near its close with
the jurists' work well in hand.
This case has been argued, but
the day on which the court's deci
sion will be announced its problem
atical.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P)
Arizona's challenge of the act au
thorizing construction of Hoovei
Dam in the Colorado river today
awaited decision as the Supreme
Court term drew near its close with
the jurists' work well in hand.
This case has been argued, but
the day on which the court's deci
sion will be announced its problem
atical.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P)
Arizona's challenge of the act au
thorizing construction of Hoovei
Dam in the Colorado river today
awaited decision as the Supreme
Court term drew near its close with
the jurists' work well in hand.
This case has been argued, but
the day on which the court's deci
sion will be announced its problem
atical.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P)
Arizona's challenge of the act au
thorizing construction of Hoovei
Dam in the Colorado river today
awaited decision as the Supreme
Court term drew near its close with
the jurists' work well in hand.
This case has been argued, but
the day on which the court's deci
sion will be announced its problem
atical.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P)
Arizona's challenge of the act au
thorizing construction of Hoovei
Dam in the Colorado river today
awaited decision as the Supreme
Court term drew near its close with
the jurists' work well in hand.
This case has been argued, but
the day on which the court's deci
sion will be announced its problem
atical.
