# TO ATTEND CONVENTION
## 
### 
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering,
leaves today for Miami, Florida,
where he will attend the annual
convention of Kiwanis International
May 3-8. Professor Reynolds is lieu
tentant-governor of Kiwanis Club:,
located between Palo Alto and Mon
terey.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering,
leaves today for Miami, Florida,
where he will attend the annual
convention of Kiwanis International
May 3-8. Professor Reynolds is lieu
tentant-governor of Kiwanis Club:,
located between Palo Alto and Mon
terey.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering,
leaves today for Miami, Florida,
where he will attend the annual
convention of Kiwanis International
May 3-8. Professor Reynolds is lieu
tentant-governor of Kiwanis Club:,
located between Palo Alto and Mon
terey.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering,
leaves today for Miami, Florida,
where he will attend the annual
convention of Kiwanis International
May 3-8. Professor Reynolds is lieu
tentant-governor of Kiwanis Club:,
located between Palo Alto and Mon
terey.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering,
leaves today for Miami, Florida,
where he will attend the annual
convention of Kiwanis International
May 3-8. Professor Reynolds is lieu
tentant-governor of Kiwanis Club:,
located between Palo Alto and Mon
terey.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering,
leaves today for Miami, Florida,
where he will attend the annual
convention of Kiwanis International
May 3-8. Professor Reynolds is lieu
tentant-governor of Kiwanis Club:,
located between Palo Alto and Mon
terey.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering,
leaves today for Miami, Florida,
where he will attend the annual
convention of Kiwanis International
May 3-8. Professor Reynolds is lieu
tentant-governor of Kiwanis Club:,
located between Palo Alto and Mon
terey.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering,
leaves today for Miami, Florida,
where he will attend the annual
convention of Kiwanis International
May 3-8. Professor Reynolds is lieu
tentant-governor of Kiwanis Club:,
located between Palo Alto and Mon
terey.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering,
leaves today for Miami, Florida,
where he will attend the annual
convention of Kiwanis International
May 3-8. Professor Reynolds is lieu
tentant-governor of Kiwanis Club:,
located between Palo Alto and Mon
terey.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering,
leaves today for Miami, Florida,
where he will attend the annual
convention of Kiwanis International
May 3-8. Professor Reynolds is lieu
tentant-governor of Kiwanis Club:,
located between Palo Alto and Mon
terey.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering,
leaves today for Miami, Florida,
where he will attend the annual
convention of Kiwanis International
May 3-8. Professor Reynolds is lieu
tentant-governor of Kiwanis Club:,
located between Palo Alto and Mon
terey.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering,
leaves today for Miami, Florida,
where he will attend the annual
convention of Kiwanis International
May 3-8. Professor Reynolds is lieu
tentant-governor of Kiwanis Club:,
located between Palo Alto and Mon
terey.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering,
leaves today for Miami, Florida,
where he will attend the annual
convention of Kiwanis International
May 3-8. Professor Reynolds is lieu
tentant-governor of Kiwanis Club:,
located between Palo Alto and Mon
terey.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering,
leaves today for Miami, Florida,
where he will attend the annual
convention of Kiwanis International
May 3-8. Professor Reynolds is lieu
tentant-governor of Kiwanis Club:,
located between Palo Alto and Mon
terey.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering,
leaves today for Miami, Florida,
where he will attend the annual
convention of Kiwanis International
May 3-8. Professor Reynolds is lieu
tentant-governor of Kiwanis Club:,
located between Palo Alto and Mon
terey.
