# WALKER REPLIES TO ACCUSERS IN SPEECH
## 
### 
NEW YORK, April 26 (#).—Mayor
Walker today struck back at his ac
cusers with statements he was being
made "the goat," in a campaign to
undermine public confidence in mu
nicipal, state, and national govern
ment by communists and those al
lied with them.
He spoke at the annual commun
ion breakfast of the Holy Name So
ciety of the fire department, which
had as guest the Rev. Charles E.
Coughlin of Detroit. The speeches
were broadcast.
NEW YORK, April 26 (#).—Mayor
Walker today struck back at his ac
cusers with statements he was being
made "the goat," in a campaign to
undermine public confidence in mu
nicipal, state, and national govern
ment by communists and those al
lied with them.
He spoke at the annual commun
ion breakfast of the Holy Name So
ciety of the fire department, which
had as guest the Rev. Charles E.
Coughlin of Detroit. The speeches
were broadcast.
NEW YORK, April 26 (#).—Mayor
Walker today struck back at his ac
cusers with statements he was being
made "the goat," in a campaign to
undermine public confidence in mu
nicipal, state, and national govern
ment by communists and those al
lied with them.
He spoke at the annual commun
ion breakfast of the Holy Name So
ciety of the fire department, which
had as guest the Rev. Charles E.
Coughlin of Detroit. The speeches
were broadcast.
NEW YORK, April 26 (#).—Mayor
Walker today struck back at his ac
cusers with statements he was being
made "the goat," in a campaign to
undermine public confidence in mu
nicipal, state, and national govern
ment by communists and those al
lied with them.
He spoke at the annual commun
ion breakfast of the Holy Name So
ciety of the fire department, which
had as guest the Rev. Charles E.
Coughlin of Detroit. The speeches
were broadcast.
NEW YORK, April 26 (#).—Mayor
Walker today struck back at his ac
cusers with statements he was being
made "the goat," in a campaign to
undermine public confidence in mu
nicipal, state, and national govern
ment by communists and those al
lied with them.
He spoke at the annual commun
ion breakfast of the Holy Name So
ciety of the fire department, which
had as guest the Rev. Charles E.
Coughlin of Detroit. The speeches
were broadcast.
NEW YORK, April 26 (#).—Mayor
Walker today struck back at his ac
cusers with statements he was being
made "the goat," in a campaign to
undermine public confidence in mu
nicipal, state, and national govern
ment by communists and those al
lied with them.
He spoke at the annual commun
ion breakfast of the Holy Name So
ciety of the fire department, which
had as guest the Rev. Charles E.
Coughlin of Detroit. The speeches
were broadcast.
NEW YORK, April 26 (#).—Mayor
Walker today struck back at his ac
cusers with statements he was being
made "the goat," in a campaign to
undermine public confidence in mu
nicipal, state, and national govern
ment by communists and those al
lied with them.
He spoke at the annual commun
ion breakfast of the Holy Name So
ciety of the fire department, which
had as guest the Rev. Charles E.
Coughlin of Detroit. The speeches
were broadcast.
NEW YORK, April 26 (#).—Mayor
Walker today struck back at his ac
cusers with statements he was being
made "the goat," in a campaign to
undermine public confidence in mu
nicipal, state, and national govern
ment by communists and those al
lied with them.
He spoke at the annual commun
ion breakfast of the Holy Name So
ciety of the fire department, which
had as guest the Rev. Charles E.
Coughlin of Detroit. The speeches
were broadcast.
NEW YORK, April 26 (#).—Mayor
Walker today struck back at his ac
cusers with statements he was being
made "the goat," in a campaign to
undermine public confidence in mu
nicipal, state, and national govern
ment by communists and those al
lied with them.
He spoke at the annual commun
ion breakfast of the Holy Name So
ciety of the fire department, which
had as guest the Rev. Charles E.
Coughlin of Detroit. The speeches
were broadcast.
NEW YORK, April 26 (#).—Mayor
Walker today struck back at his ac
cusers with statements he was being
made "the goat," in a campaign to
undermine public confidence in mu
nicipal, state, and national govern
ment by communists and those al
lied with them.
He spoke at the annual commun
ion breakfast of the Holy Name So
ciety of the fire department, which
had as guest the Rev. Charles E.
Coughlin of Detroit. The speeches
were broadcast.
NEW YORK, April 26 (#).—Mayor
Walker today struck back at his ac
cusers with statements he was being
made "the goat," in a campaign to
undermine public confidence in mu
nicipal, state, and national govern
ment by communists and those al
lied with them.
He spoke at the annual commun
ion breakfast of the Holy Name So
ciety of the fire department, which
had as guest the Rev. Charles E.
Coughlin of Detroit. The speeches
were broadcast.
NEW YORK, April 26 (#).—Mayor
Walker today struck back at his ac
cusers with statements he was being
made "the goat," in a campaign to
undermine public confidence in mu
nicipal, state, and national govern
ment by communists and those al
lied with them.
He spoke at the annual commun
ion breakfast of the Holy Name So
ciety of the fire department, which
had as guest the Rev. Charles E.
Coughlin of Detroit. The speeches
were broadcast.
NEW YORK, April 26 (#).—Mayor
Walker today struck back at his ac
cusers with statements he was being
made "the goat," in a campaign to
undermine public confidence in mu
nicipal, state, and national govern
ment by communists and those al
lied with them.
He spoke at the annual commun
ion breakfast of the Holy Name So
ciety of the fire department, which
had as guest the Rev. Charles E.
Coughlin of Detroit. The speeches
were broadcast.
NEW YORK, April 26 (#).—Mayor
Walker today struck back at his ac
cusers with statements he was being
made "the goat," in a campaign to
undermine public confidence in mu
nicipal, state, and national govern
ment by communists and those al
lied with them.
He spoke at the annual commun
ion breakfast of the Holy Name So
ciety of the fire department, which
had as guest the Rev. Charles E.
Coughlin of Detroit. The speeches
were broadcast.
NEW YORK, April 26 (#).—Mayor
Walker today struck back at his ac
cusers with statements he was being
made "the goat," in a campaign to
undermine public confidence in mu
nicipal, state, and national govern
ment by communists and those al
lied with them.
He spoke at the annual commun
ion breakfast of the Holy Name So
ciety of the fire department, which
had as guest the Rev. Charles E.
Coughlin of Detroit. The speeches
were broadcast.
