# RASKOB ASSAILED BY TEMPERANCE BOARD
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, April 26. (/P) -
Chairman Raskob of the Democratic
National Committee was assailed to
day by the Methodist Episcopal
Board of Temperance as having en
dangered "the excellent political op
portunity" of the Democratic Party
in the 1932 presidential campaign.
In its weekly slip-sheet, the Board
said Raskob had "administered af
fairs of the Committee in the 'sole
interest of a minority of the party,
a minority which has never hesi
tated to knife any ticket which it
was not permitted to name."
WASHINGTON, April 26. (/P) -
Chairman Raskob of the Democratic
National Committee was assailed to
day by the Methodist Episcopal
Board of Temperance as having en
dangered "the excellent political op
portunity" of the Democratic Party
in the 1932 presidential campaign.
In its weekly slip-sheet, the Board
said Raskob had "administered af
fairs of the Committee in the 'sole
interest of a minority of the party,
a minority which has never hesi
tated to knife any ticket which it
was not permitted to name."
WASHINGTON, April 26. (/P) -
Chairman Raskob of the Democratic
National Committee was assailed to
day by the Methodist Episcopal
Board of Temperance as having en
dangered "the excellent political op
portunity" of the Democratic Party
in the 1932 presidential campaign.
In its weekly slip-sheet, the Board
said Raskob had "administered af
fairs of the Committee in the 'sole
interest of a minority of the party,
a minority which has never hesi
tated to knife any ticket which it
was not permitted to name."
WASHINGTON, April 26. (/P) -
Chairman Raskob of the Democratic
National Committee was assailed to
day by the Methodist Episcopal
Board of Temperance as having en
dangered "the excellent political op
portunity" of the Democratic Party
in the 1932 presidential campaign.
In its weekly slip-sheet, the Board
said Raskob had "administered af
fairs of the Committee in the 'sole
interest of a minority of the party,
a minority which has never hesi
tated to knife any ticket which it
was not permitted to name."
WASHINGTON, April 26. (/P) -
Chairman Raskob of the Democratic
National Committee was assailed to
day by the Methodist Episcopal
Board of Temperance as having en
dangered "the excellent political op
portunity" of the Democratic Party
in the 1932 presidential campaign.
In its weekly slip-sheet, the Board
said Raskob had "administered af
fairs of the Committee in the 'sole
interest of a minority of the party,
a minority which has never hesi
tated to knife any ticket which it
was not permitted to name."
WASHINGTON, April 26. (/P) -
Chairman Raskob of the Democratic
National Committee was assailed to
day by the Methodist Episcopal
Board of Temperance as having en
dangered "the excellent political op
portunity" of the Democratic Party
in the 1932 presidential campaign.
In its weekly slip-sheet, the Board
said Raskob had "administered af
fairs of the Committee in the 'sole
interest of a minority of the party,
a minority which has never hesi
tated to knife any ticket which it
was not permitted to name."
WASHINGTON, April 26. (/P) -
Chairman Raskob of the Democratic
National Committee was assailed to
day by the Methodist Episcopal
Board of Temperance as having en
dangered "the excellent political op
portunity" of the Democratic Party
in the 1932 presidential campaign.
In its weekly slip-sheet, the Board
said Raskob had "administered af
fairs of the Committee in the 'sole
interest of a minority of the party,
a minority which has never hesi
tated to knife any ticket which it
was not permitted to name."
WASHINGTON, April 26. (/P) -
Chairman Raskob of the Democratic
National Committee was assailed to
day by the Methodist Episcopal
Board of Temperance as having en
dangered "the excellent political op
portunity" of the Democratic Party
in the 1932 presidential campaign.
In its weekly slip-sheet, the Board
said Raskob had "administered af
fairs of the Committee in the 'sole
interest of a minority of the party,
a minority which has never hesi
tated to knife any ticket which it
was not permitted to name."
WASHINGTON, April 26. (/P) -
Chairman Raskob of the Democratic
National Committee was assailed to
day by the Methodist Episcopal
Board of Temperance as having en
dangered "the excellent political op
portunity" of the Democratic Party
in the 1932 presidential campaign.
In its weekly slip-sheet, the Board
said Raskob had "administered af
fairs of the Committee in the 'sole
interest of a minority of the party,
a minority which has never hesi
tated to knife any ticket which it
was not permitted to name."
WASHINGTON, April 26. (/P) -
Chairman Raskob of the Democratic
National Committee was assailed to
day by the Methodist Episcopal
Board of Temperance as having en
dangered "the excellent political op
portunity" of the Democratic Party
in the 1932 presidential campaign.
In its weekly slip-sheet, the Board
said Raskob had "administered af
fairs of the Committee in the 'sole
interest of a minority of the party,
a minority which has never hesi
tated to knife any ticket which it
was not permitted to name."
WASHINGTON, April 26. (/P) -
Chairman Raskob of the Democratic
National Committee was assailed to
day by the Methodist Episcopal
Board of Temperance as having en
dangered "the excellent political op
portunity" of the Democratic Party
in the 1932 presidential campaign.
In its weekly slip-sheet, the Board
said Raskob had "administered af
fairs of the Committee in the 'sole
interest of a minority of the party,
a minority which has never hesi
tated to knife any ticket which it
was not permitted to name."
WASHINGTON, April 26. (/P) -
Chairman Raskob of the Democratic
National Committee was assailed to
day by the Methodist Episcopal
Board of Temperance as having en
dangered "the excellent political op
portunity" of the Democratic Party
in the 1932 presidential campaign.
In its weekly slip-sheet, the Board
said Raskob had "administered af
fairs of the Committee in the 'sole
interest of a minority of the party,
a minority which has never hesi
tated to knife any ticket which it
was not permitted to name."
WASHINGTON, April 26. (/P) -
Chairman Raskob of the Democratic
National Committee was assailed to
day by the Methodist Episcopal
Board of Temperance as having en
dangered "the excellent political op
portunity" of the Democratic Party
in the 1932 presidential campaign.
In its weekly slip-sheet, the Board
said Raskob had "administered af
fairs of the Committee in the 'sole
interest of a minority of the party,
a minority which has never hesi
tated to knife any ticket which it
was not permitted to name."
WASHINGTON, April 26. (/P) -
Chairman Raskob of the Democratic
National Committee was assailed to
day by the Methodist Episcopal
Board of Temperance as having en
dangered "the excellent political op
portunity" of the Democratic Party
in the 1932 presidential campaign.
In its weekly slip-sheet, the Board
said Raskob had "administered af
fairs of the Committee in the 'sole
interest of a minority of the party,
a minority which has never hesi
tated to knife any ticket which it
was not permitted to name."
WASHINGTON, April 26. (/P) -
Chairman Raskob of the Democratic
National Committee was assailed to
day by the Methodist Episcopal
Board of Temperance as having en
dangered "the excellent political op
portunity" of the Democratic Party
in the 1932 presidential campaign.
In its weekly slip-sheet, the Board
said Raskob had "administered af
fairs of the Committee in the 'sole
interest of a minority of the party,
a minority which has never hesi
tated to knife any ticket which it
was not permitted to name."
