# Reprieve; Saturday
## 
### 
Lucky you.
Through the munificent goner
osity of the California Slate De
partment of Motor Vehicles, Ihe
deadline for getting your 1956 li
cense plates (with those crazy
mixed-np initials on them) is not
today, as reported in yesterday's
Daily.
The automobile potentates have
allowed the gas-consuming public
until Feb. 4 (that's Saturday) to
pay their money and get their
slice of metal.
Then it's every man for himself
for another year.
Lucky you.
Through the munificent goner
osity of the California Slate De
partment of Motor Vehicles, Ihe
deadline for getting your 1956 li
cense plates (with those crazy
mixed-np initials on them) is not
today, as reported in yesterday's
Daily.
The automobile potentates have
allowed the gas-consuming public
until Feb. 4 (that's Saturday) to
pay their money and get their
slice of metal.
Then it's every man for himself
for another year.
Lucky you.
Through the munificent goner
osity of the California Slate De
partment of Motor Vehicles, Ihe
deadline for getting your 1956 li
cense plates (with those crazy
mixed-np initials on them) is not
today, as reported in yesterday's
Daily.
The automobile potentates have
allowed the gas-consuming public
until Feb. 4 (that's Saturday) to
pay their money and get their
slice of metal.
Then it's every man for himself
for another year.
Lucky you.
Through the munificent goner
osity of the California Slate De
partment of Motor Vehicles, Ihe
deadline for getting your 1956 li
cense plates (with those crazy
mixed-np initials on them) is not
today, as reported in yesterday's
Daily.
The automobile potentates have
allowed the gas-consuming public
until Feb. 4 (that's Saturday) to
pay their money and get their
slice of metal.
Then it's every man for himself
for another year.
Lucky you.
Through the munificent goner
osity of the California Slate De
partment of Motor Vehicles, Ihe
deadline for getting your 1956 li
cense plates (with those crazy
mixed-np initials on them) is not
today, as reported in yesterday's
Daily.
The automobile potentates have
allowed the gas-consuming public
until Feb. 4 (that's Saturday) to
pay their money and get their
slice of metal.
Then it's every man for himself
for another year.
Lucky you.
Through the munificent goner
osity of the California Slate De
partment of Motor Vehicles, Ihe
deadline for getting your 1956 li
cense plates (with those crazy
mixed-np initials on them) is not
today, as reported in yesterday's
Daily.
The automobile potentates have
allowed the gas-consuming public
until Feb. 4 (that's Saturday) to
pay their money and get their
slice of metal.
Then it's every man for himself
for another year.
Lucky you.
Through the munificent goner
osity of the California Slate De
partment of Motor Vehicles, Ihe
deadline for getting your 1956 li
cense plates (with those crazy
mixed-np initials on them) is not
today, as reported in yesterday's
Daily.
The automobile potentates have
allowed the gas-consuming public
until Feb. 4 (that's Saturday) to
pay their money and get their
slice of metal.
Then it's every man for himself
for another year.
Lucky you.
Through the munificent goner
osity of the California Slate De
partment of Motor Vehicles, Ihe
deadline for getting your 1956 li
cense plates (with those crazy
mixed-np initials on them) is not
today, as reported in yesterday's
Daily.
The automobile potentates have
allowed the gas-consuming public
until Feb. 4 (that's Saturday) to
pay their money and get their
slice of metal.
Then it's every man for himself
for another year.
Lucky you.
Through the munificent goner
osity of the California Slate De
partment of Motor Vehicles, Ihe
deadline for getting your 1956 li
cense plates (with those crazy
mixed-np initials on them) is not
today, as reported in yesterday's
Daily.
The automobile potentates have
allowed the gas-consuming public
until Feb. 4 (that's Saturday) to
pay their money and get their
slice of metal.
Then it's every man for himself
for another year.
Lucky you.
Through the munificent goner
osity of the California Slate De
partment of Motor Vehicles, Ihe
deadline for getting your 1956 li
cense plates (with those crazy
mixed-np initials on them) is not
today, as reported in yesterday's
Daily.
The automobile potentates have
allowed the gas-consuming public
until Feb. 4 (that's Saturday) to
pay their money and get their
slice of metal.
Then it's every man for himself
for another year.
Lucky you.
Through the munificent goner
osity of the California Slate De
partment of Motor Vehicles, Ihe
deadline for getting your 1956 li
cense plates (with those crazy
mixed-np initials on them) is not
today, as reported in yesterday's
Daily.
The automobile potentates have
allowed the gas-consuming public
until Feb. 4 (that's Saturday) to
pay their money and get their
slice of metal.
Then it's every man for himself
for another year.
Lucky you.
Through the munificent goner
osity of the California Slate De
partment of Motor Vehicles, Ihe
deadline for getting your 1956 li
cense plates (with those crazy
mixed-np initials on them) is not
today, as reported in yesterday's
Daily.
The automobile potentates have
allowed the gas-consuming public
until Feb. 4 (that's Saturday) to
pay their money and get their
slice of metal.
Then it's every man for himself
for another year.
Lucky you.
Through the munificent goner
osity of the California Slate De
partment of Motor Vehicles, Ihe
deadline for getting your 1956 li
cense plates (with those crazy
mixed-np initials on them) is not
today, as reported in yesterday's
Daily.
The automobile potentates have
allowed the gas-consuming public
until Feb. 4 (that's Saturday) to
pay their money and get their
slice of metal.
Then it's every man for himself
for another year.
Lucky you.
Through the munificent goner
osity of the California Slate De
partment of Motor Vehicles, Ihe
deadline for getting your 1956 li
cense plates (with those crazy
mixed-np initials on them) is not
today, as reported in yesterday's
Daily.
The automobile potentates have
allowed the gas-consuming public
until Feb. 4 (that's Saturday) to
pay their money and get their
slice of metal.
Then it's every man for himself
for another year.
Lucky you.
Through the munificent goner
osity of the California Slate De
partment of Motor Vehicles, Ihe
deadline for getting your 1956 li
cense plates (with those crazy
mixed-np initials on them) is not
today, as reported in yesterday's
Daily.
The automobile potentates have
allowed the gas-consuming public
until Feb. 4 (that's Saturday) to
pay their money and get their
slice of metal.
Then it's every man for himself
for another year.
