# Author to Speak On Solar Energy
## 
### 
Charles A. Scarlott of the
Stanford Research Institute
will speak at. the Tuesday Eve
ning Series tonight at 7:30 in
Memorial Auditorium.
"Harnessing the Sun" will be
Scarlett's topic for the illus
trated lecture.
Scarlott is manager of the
Technical Information Services
in the Public Relations Depart
ment of SRI, having joined the
staff in 1954.
He has co-authored several
books and established the
"Westinghouse Engineer" mag
azine while working for that
company.


CHARLES A. SCARLOT'I
Series Speaker
Charles A. Scarlott of the
Stanford Research Institute
will speak at. the Tuesday Eve
ning Series tonight at 7:30 in
Memorial Auditorium.
"Harnessing the Sun" will be
Scarlett's topic for the illus
trated lecture.
Scarlott is manager of the
Technical Information Services
in the Public Relations Depart
ment of SRI, having joined the
staff in 1954.
He has co-authored several
books and established the
"Westinghouse Engineer" mag
azine while working for that
company.


CHARLES A. SCARLOT'I
Series Speaker
Charles A. Scarlott of the
Stanford Research Institute
will speak at. the Tuesday Eve
ning Series tonight at 7:30 in
Memorial Auditorium.
"Harnessing the Sun" will be
Scarlett's topic for the illus
trated lecture.
Scarlott is manager of the
Technical Information Services
in the Public Relations Depart
ment of SRI, having joined the
staff in 1954.
He has co-authored several
books and established the
"Westinghouse Engineer" mag
azine while working for that
company.


CHARLES A. SCARLOT'I
Series Speaker
Charles A. Scarlott of the
Stanford Research Institute
will speak at. the Tuesday Eve
ning Series tonight at 7:30 in
Memorial Auditorium.
"Harnessing the Sun" will be
Scarlett's topic for the illus
trated lecture.
Scarlott is manager of the
Technical Information Services
in the Public Relations Depart
ment of SRI, having joined the
staff in 1954.
He has co-authored several
books and established the
"Westinghouse Engineer" mag
azine while working for that
company.


CHARLES A. SCARLOT'I
Series Speaker
Charles A. Scarlott of the
Stanford Research Institute
will speak at. the Tuesday Eve
ning Series tonight at 7:30 in
Memorial Auditorium.
"Harnessing the Sun" will be
Scarlett's topic for the illus
trated lecture.
Scarlott is manager of the
Technical Information Services
in the Public Relations Depart
ment of SRI, having joined the
staff in 1954.
He has co-authored several
books and established the
"Westinghouse Engineer" mag
azine while working for that
company.


CHARLES A. SCARLOT'I
Series Speaker
Charles A. Scarlott of the
Stanford Research Institute
will speak at. the Tuesday Eve
ning Series tonight at 7:30 in
Memorial Auditorium.
"Harnessing the Sun" will be
Scarlett's topic for the illus
trated lecture.
Scarlott is manager of the
Technical Information Services
in the Public Relations Depart
ment of SRI, having joined the
staff in 1954.
He has co-authored several
books and established the
"Westinghouse Engineer" mag
azine while working for that
company.


CHARLES A. SCARLOT'I
Series Speaker
Charles A. Scarlott of the
Stanford Research Institute
will speak at. the Tuesday Eve
ning Series tonight at 7:30 in
Memorial Auditorium.
"Harnessing the Sun" will be
Scarlett's topic for the illus
trated lecture.
Scarlott is manager of the
Technical Information Services
in the Public Relations Depart
ment of SRI, having joined the
staff in 1954.
He has co-authored several
books and established the
"Westinghouse Engineer" mag
azine while working for that
company.


CHARLES A. SCARLOT'I
Series Speaker
Charles A. Scarlott of the
Stanford Research Institute
will speak at. the Tuesday Eve
ning Series tonight at 7:30 in
Memorial Auditorium.
"Harnessing the Sun" will be
Scarlett's topic for the illus
trated lecture.
Scarlott is manager of the
Technical Information Services
in the Public Relations Depart
ment of SRI, having joined the
staff in 1954.
He has co-authored several
books and established the
"Westinghouse Engineer" mag
azine while working for that
company.


CHARLES A. SCARLOT'I
Series Speaker
Charles A. Scarlott of the
Stanford Research Institute
will speak at. the Tuesday Eve
ning Series tonight at 7:30 in
Memorial Auditorium.
"Harnessing the Sun" will be
Scarlett's topic for the illus
trated lecture.
Scarlott is manager of the
Technical Information Services
in the Public Relations Depart
ment of SRI, having joined the
staff in 1954.
He has co-authored several
books and established the
"Westinghouse Engineer" mag
azine while working for that
company.


CHARLES A. SCARLOT'I
Series Speaker
Charles A. Scarlott of the
Stanford Research Institute
will speak at. the Tuesday Eve
ning Series tonight at 7:30 in
Memorial Auditorium.
"Harnessing the Sun" will be
Scarlett's topic for the illus
trated lecture.
Scarlott is manager of the
Technical Information Services
in the Public Relations Depart
ment of SRI, having joined the
staff in 1954.
He has co-authored several
books and established the
"Westinghouse Engineer" mag
azine while working for that
company.


CHARLES A. SCARLOT'I
Series Speaker
Charles A. Scarlott of the
Stanford Research Institute
will speak at. the Tuesday Eve
ning Series tonight at 7:30 in
Memorial Auditorium.
"Harnessing the Sun" will be
Scarlett's topic for the illus
trated lecture.
Scarlott is manager of the
Technical Information Services
in the Public Relations Depart
ment of SRI, having joined the
staff in 1954.
He has co-authored several
books and established the
"Westinghouse Engineer" mag
azine while working for that
company.


CHARLES A. SCARLOT'I
Series Speaker
Charles A. Scarlott of the
Stanford Research Institute
will speak at. the Tuesday Eve
ning Series tonight at 7:30 in
Memorial Auditorium.
"Harnessing the Sun" will be
Scarlett's topic for the illus
trated lecture.
Scarlott is manager of the
Technical Information Services
in the Public Relations Depart
ment of SRI, having joined the
staff in 1954.
He has co-authored several
books and established the
"Westinghouse Engineer" mag
azine while working for that
company.


CHARLES A. SCARLOT'I
Series Speaker
Charles A. Scarlott of the
Stanford Research Institute
will speak at. the Tuesday Eve
ning Series tonight at 7:30 in
Memorial Auditorium.
"Harnessing the Sun" will be
Scarlett's topic for the illus
trated lecture.
Scarlott is manager of the
Technical Information Services
in the Public Relations Depart
ment of SRI, having joined the
staff in 1954.
He has co-authored several
books and established the
"Westinghouse Engineer" mag
azine while working for that
company.


CHARLES A. SCARLOT'I
Series Speaker
Charles A. Scarlott of the
Stanford Research Institute
will speak at. the Tuesday Eve
ning Series tonight at 7:30 in
Memorial Auditorium.
"Harnessing the Sun" will be
Scarlett's topic for the illus
trated lecture.
Scarlott is manager of the
Technical Information Services
in the Public Relations Depart
ment of SRI, having joined the
staff in 1954.
He has co-authored several
books and established the
"Westinghouse Engineer" mag
azine while working for that
company.


CHARLES A. SCARLOT'I
Series Speaker
Charles A. Scarlott of the
Stanford Research Institute
will speak at. the Tuesday Eve
ning Series tonight at 7:30 in
Memorial Auditorium.
"Harnessing the Sun" will be
Scarlett's topic for the illus
trated lecture.
Scarlott is manager of the
Technical Information Services
in the Public Relations Depart
ment of SRI, having joined the
staff in 1954.
He has co-authored several
books and established the
"Westinghouse Engineer" mag
azine while working for that
company.


CHARLES A. SCARLOT'I
Series Speaker
