# SECOND PRESIDENT
## 
### 
John Casper Branner was Stan
ford's second president, from 1913
to 1916.
John Casper Branner was Stan
ford's second president, from 1913
to 1916.
John Casper Branner was Stan
ford's second president, from 1913
to 1916.
John Casper Branner was Stan
ford's second president, from 1913
to 1916.
John Casper Branner was Stan
ford's second president, from 1913
to 1916.
John Casper Branner was Stan
ford's second president, from 1913
to 1916.
John Casper Branner was Stan
ford's second president, from 1913
to 1916.
John Casper Branner was Stan
ford's second president, from 1913
to 1916.
John Casper Branner was Stan
ford's second president, from 1913
to 1916.
John Casper Branner was Stan
ford's second president, from 1913
to 1916.
John Casper Branner was Stan
ford's second president, from 1913
to 1916.
John Casper Branner was Stan
ford's second president, from 1913
to 1916.
John Casper Branner was Stan
ford's second president, from 1913
to 1916.
John Casper Branner was Stan
ford's second president, from 1913
to 1916.
John Casper Branner was Stan
ford's second president, from 1913
to 1916.
