# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—C. K. Hyde, '05, Varsity center
last year, left for the East to-day.
He is going to study medicine at
Johns Hopkins University, Balti
more.
—C. K. Hyde, '05, Varsity center
last year, left for the East to-day.
He is going to study medicine at
Johns Hopkins University, Balti
more.
—C. K. Hyde, '05, Varsity center
last year, left for the East to-day.
He is going to study medicine at
Johns Hopkins University, Balti
more.
—C. K. Hyde, '05, Varsity center
last year, left for the East to-day.
He is going to study medicine at
Johns Hopkins University, Balti
more.
—C. K. Hyde, '05, Varsity center
last year, left for the East to-day.
He is going to study medicine at
Johns Hopkins University, Balti
more.
—C. K. Hyde, '05, Varsity center
last year, left for the East to-day.
He is going to study medicine at
Johns Hopkins University, Balti
more.
—C. K. Hyde, '05, Varsity center
last year, left for the East to-day.
He is going to study medicine at
Johns Hopkins University, Balti
more.
—C. K. Hyde, '05, Varsity center
last year, left for the East to-day.
He is going to study medicine at
Johns Hopkins University, Balti
more.
