# The 						Chaucer Dictionary.
## 
### 
During the summer work on the
Chaucer Dictionary, which Dr. Flu

gel of the Department of English
Philology is preparing under the
auspices of the Carnegie Institute,
was transferred from the Univer
sity to Europe.
Dr. Fliigel has gone to Germany
and during the next two years will
remain away from the University.
By making his headquarters in
Europe he can work to better ad
vantage on the Chaucer manu
scripts, examination of which is
necessary in order to settle many
doubtful points in the text. It is
probable that the dictionary will
not be ready for publication until
after Dr. Fliigel returns to Stan
ford.
During Dr. Fliigel's absence this
year the courses in English Philol
ogy are being given by Professors
Alden and Seward.
