# Special Lecturer at Wisconsin.
## 
### 
Professor Max Farrand is now at
Cornell University as acting pro
fessor of American history in the
temporary absence of Professor
Hull. Professor Farrand has been
appointed special lecturer at the
University of Wisconsin and will
give a short course there next
spring.
Professor Max Farrand is now at
Cornell University as acting pro
fessor of American history in the
temporary absence of Professor
Hull. Professor Farrand has been
appointed special lecturer at the
University of Wisconsin and will
give a short course there next
spring.
Professor Max Farrand is now at
Cornell University as acting pro
fessor of American history in the
temporary absence of Professor
Hull. Professor Farrand has been
appointed special lecturer at the
University of Wisconsin and will
give a short course there next
spring.
Professor Max Farrand is now at
Cornell University as acting pro
fessor of American history in the
temporary absence of Professor
Hull. Professor Farrand has been
appointed special lecturer at the
University of Wisconsin and will
give a short course there next
spring.
Professor Max Farrand is now at
Cornell University as acting pro
fessor of American history in the
temporary absence of Professor
Hull. Professor Farrand has been
appointed special lecturer at the
University of Wisconsin and will
give a short course there next
spring.
Professor Max Farrand is now at
Cornell University as acting pro
fessor of American history in the
temporary absence of Professor
Hull. Professor Farrand has been
appointed special lecturer at the
University of Wisconsin and will
give a short course there next
spring.
Professor Max Farrand is now at
Cornell University as acting pro
fessor of American history in the
temporary absence of Professor
Hull. Professor Farrand has been
appointed special lecturer at the
University of Wisconsin and will
give a short course there next
spring.
Professor Max Farrand is now at
Cornell University as acting pro
fessor of American history in the
temporary absence of Professor
Hull. Professor Farrand has been
appointed special lecturer at the
University of Wisconsin and will
give a short course there next
spring.
