# Dr. Wilbur to Speak at Y.M.C.A. Meeting
## 
### 
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
address the thirty-fifth annual state
convention of the California Young
Men's Christian Association at San
Jose, this evening, at a banquet in
the Hotel Vendome. Other guests of
honor will be J. E. Spruuger, state
secretary; Lieutenant-Colonel E. W.
Ilalford, vice-president of the Lay
men's Missionary Movement, and Pro
fessor C. H. Robertson, international
secretary and science lecturer on
China.
Tomorrow evening, Professor F. C.
Woodward, dean of the Stanford Law
School, will speak at a "student din
ner" in the First Methodist Church.
Others on the Saturday evening pro
gram will be Lyman L. Pierce, gen
eral secretary of the San Francisco
Association; Dr. J. A. Francis, pastor
of the First Baptist Church of Los
Angeles; Professor C. E. Rugli, Stan
ford, '03, now of the University of
California; Dr. Sherrell W. Hall of
Berkeley; Arthur Arlett of Oakland,
and Thomas B. Scott of Modesto.
Preceding this dinner, at 4 o'clock,
in the Association building, an open
discussion meeting will consider the
problems relating to college life.
There will also be special sessions
Sunday morning, afternoon, and eve
ning. Delegates attending from Stan
ford will be entertained as the guests
of the San .Tose Y. M. C. A.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
address the thirty-fifth annual state
convention of the California Young
Men's Christian Association at San
Jose, this evening, at a banquet in
the Hotel Vendome. Other guests of
honor will be J. E. Spruuger, state
secretary; Lieutenant-Colonel E. W.
Ilalford, vice-president of the Lay
men's Missionary Movement, and Pro
fessor C. H. Robertson, international
secretary and science lecturer on
China.
Tomorrow evening, Professor F. C.
Woodward, dean of the Stanford Law
School, will speak at a "student din
ner" in the First Methodist Church.
Others on the Saturday evening pro
gram will be Lyman L. Pierce, gen
eral secretary of the San Francisco
Association; Dr. J. A. Francis, pastor
of the First Baptist Church of Los
Angeles; Professor C. E. Rugli, Stan
ford, '03, now of the University of
California; Dr. Sherrell W. Hall of
Berkeley; Arthur Arlett of Oakland,
and Thomas B. Scott of Modesto.
Preceding this dinner, at 4 o'clock,
in the Association building, an open
discussion meeting will consider the
problems relating to college life.
There will also be special sessions
Sunday morning, afternoon, and eve
ning. Delegates attending from Stan
ford will be entertained as the guests
of the San .Tose Y. M. C. A.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
address the thirty-fifth annual state
convention of the California Young
Men's Christian Association at San
Jose, this evening, at a banquet in
the Hotel Vendome. Other guests of
honor will be J. E. Spruuger, state
secretary; Lieutenant-Colonel E. W.
Ilalford, vice-president of the Lay
men's Missionary Movement, and Pro
fessor C. H. Robertson, international
secretary and science lecturer on
China.
Tomorrow evening, Professor F. C.
Woodward, dean of the Stanford Law
School, will speak at a "student din
ner" in the First Methodist Church.
Others on the Saturday evening pro
gram will be Lyman L. Pierce, gen
eral secretary of the San Francisco
Association; Dr. J. A. Francis, pastor
of the First Baptist Church of Los
Angeles; Professor C. E. Rugli, Stan
ford, '03, now of the University of
California; Dr. Sherrell W. Hall of
Berkeley; Arthur Arlett of Oakland,
and Thomas B. Scott of Modesto.
Preceding this dinner, at 4 o'clock,
in the Association building, an open
discussion meeting will consider the
problems relating to college life.
There will also be special sessions
Sunday morning, afternoon, and eve
ning. Delegates attending from Stan
ford will be entertained as the guests
of the San .Tose Y. M. C. A.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
address the thirty-fifth annual state
convention of the California Young
Men's Christian Association at San
Jose, this evening, at a banquet in
the Hotel Vendome. Other guests of
honor will be J. E. Spruuger, state
secretary; Lieutenant-Colonel E. W.
Ilalford, vice-president of the Lay
men's Missionary Movement, and Pro
fessor C. H. Robertson, international
secretary and science lecturer on
China.
Tomorrow evening, Professor F. C.
Woodward, dean of the Stanford Law
School, will speak at a "student din
ner" in the First Methodist Church.
Others on the Saturday evening pro
gram will be Lyman L. Pierce, gen
eral secretary of the San Francisco
Association; Dr. J. A. Francis, pastor
of the First Baptist Church of Los
Angeles; Professor C. E. Rugli, Stan
ford, '03, now of the University of
California; Dr. Sherrell W. Hall of
Berkeley; Arthur Arlett of Oakland,
and Thomas B. Scott of Modesto.
Preceding this dinner, at 4 o'clock,
in the Association building, an open
discussion meeting will consider the
problems relating to college life.
There will also be special sessions
Sunday morning, afternoon, and eve
ning. Delegates attending from Stan
ford will be entertained as the guests
of the San .Tose Y. M. C. A.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
address the thirty-fifth annual state
convention of the California Young
Men's Christian Association at San
Jose, this evening, at a banquet in
the Hotel Vendome. Other guests of
honor will be J. E. Spruuger, state
secretary; Lieutenant-Colonel E. W.
Ilalford, vice-president of the Lay
men's Missionary Movement, and Pro
fessor C. H. Robertson, international
secretary and science lecturer on
China.
Tomorrow evening, Professor F. C.
Woodward, dean of the Stanford Law
School, will speak at a "student din
ner" in the First Methodist Church.
Others on the Saturday evening pro
gram will be Lyman L. Pierce, gen
eral secretary of the San Francisco
Association; Dr. J. A. Francis, pastor
of the First Baptist Church of Los
Angeles; Professor C. E. Rugli, Stan
ford, '03, now of the University of
California; Dr. Sherrell W. Hall of
Berkeley; Arthur Arlett of Oakland,
and Thomas B. Scott of Modesto.
Preceding this dinner, at 4 o'clock,
in the Association building, an open
discussion meeting will consider the
problems relating to college life.
There will also be special sessions
Sunday morning, afternoon, and eve
ning. Delegates attending from Stan
ford will be entertained as the guests
of the San .Tose Y. M. C. A.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
address the thirty-fifth annual state
convention of the California Young
Men's Christian Association at San
Jose, this evening, at a banquet in
the Hotel Vendome. Other guests of
honor will be J. E. Spruuger, state
secretary; Lieutenant-Colonel E. W.
Ilalford, vice-president of the Lay
men's Missionary Movement, and Pro
fessor C. H. Robertson, international
secretary and science lecturer on
China.
Tomorrow evening, Professor F. C.
Woodward, dean of the Stanford Law
School, will speak at a "student din
ner" in the First Methodist Church.
Others on the Saturday evening pro
gram will be Lyman L. Pierce, gen
eral secretary of the San Francisco
Association; Dr. J. A. Francis, pastor
of the First Baptist Church of Los
Angeles; Professor C. E. Rugli, Stan
ford, '03, now of the University of
California; Dr. Sherrell W. Hall of
Berkeley; Arthur Arlett of Oakland,
and Thomas B. Scott of Modesto.
Preceding this dinner, at 4 o'clock,
in the Association building, an open
discussion meeting will consider the
problems relating to college life.
There will also be special sessions
Sunday morning, afternoon, and eve
ning. Delegates attending from Stan
ford will be entertained as the guests
of the San .Tose Y. M. C. A.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
address the thirty-fifth annual state
convention of the California Young
Men's Christian Association at San
Jose, this evening, at a banquet in
the Hotel Vendome. Other guests of
honor will be J. E. Spruuger, state
secretary; Lieutenant-Colonel E. W.
Ilalford, vice-president of the Lay
men's Missionary Movement, and Pro
fessor C. H. Robertson, international
secretary and science lecturer on
China.
Tomorrow evening, Professor F. C.
Woodward, dean of the Stanford Law
School, will speak at a "student din
ner" in the First Methodist Church.
Others on the Saturday evening pro
gram will be Lyman L. Pierce, gen
eral secretary of the San Francisco
Association; Dr. J. A. Francis, pastor
of the First Baptist Church of Los
Angeles; Professor C. E. Rugli, Stan
ford, '03, now of the University of
California; Dr. Sherrell W. Hall of
Berkeley; Arthur Arlett of Oakland,
and Thomas B. Scott of Modesto.
Preceding this dinner, at 4 o'clock,
in the Association building, an open
discussion meeting will consider the
problems relating to college life.
There will also be special sessions
Sunday morning, afternoon, and eve
ning. Delegates attending from Stan
ford will be entertained as the guests
of the San .Tose Y. M. C. A.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
address the thirty-fifth annual state
convention of the California Young
Men's Christian Association at San
Jose, this evening, at a banquet in
the Hotel Vendome. Other guests of
honor will be J. E. Spruuger, state
secretary; Lieutenant-Colonel E. W.
Ilalford, vice-president of the Lay
men's Missionary Movement, and Pro
fessor C. H. Robertson, international
secretary and science lecturer on
China.
Tomorrow evening, Professor F. C.
Woodward, dean of the Stanford Law
School, will speak at a "student din
ner" in the First Methodist Church.
Others on the Saturday evening pro
gram will be Lyman L. Pierce, gen
eral secretary of the San Francisco
Association; Dr. J. A. Francis, pastor
of the First Baptist Church of Los
Angeles; Professor C. E. Rugli, Stan
ford, '03, now of the University of
California; Dr. Sherrell W. Hall of
Berkeley; Arthur Arlett of Oakland,
and Thomas B. Scott of Modesto.
Preceding this dinner, at 4 o'clock,
in the Association building, an open
discussion meeting will consider the
problems relating to college life.
There will also be special sessions
Sunday morning, afternoon, and eve
ning. Delegates attending from Stan
ford will be entertained as the guests
of the San .Tose Y. M. C. A.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
address the thirty-fifth annual state
convention of the California Young
Men's Christian Association at San
Jose, this evening, at a banquet in
the Hotel Vendome. Other guests of
honor will be J. E. Spruuger, state
secretary; Lieutenant-Colonel E. W.
Ilalford, vice-president of the Lay
men's Missionary Movement, and Pro
fessor C. H. Robertson, international
secretary and science lecturer on
China.
Tomorrow evening, Professor F. C.
Woodward, dean of the Stanford Law
School, will speak at a "student din
ner" in the First Methodist Church.
Others on the Saturday evening pro
gram will be Lyman L. Pierce, gen
eral secretary of the San Francisco
Association; Dr. J. A. Francis, pastor
of the First Baptist Church of Los
Angeles; Professor C. E. Rugli, Stan
ford, '03, now of the University of
California; Dr. Sherrell W. Hall of
Berkeley; Arthur Arlett of Oakland,
and Thomas B. Scott of Modesto.
Preceding this dinner, at 4 o'clock,
in the Association building, an open
discussion meeting will consider the
problems relating to college life.
There will also be special sessions
Sunday morning, afternoon, and eve
ning. Delegates attending from Stan
ford will be entertained as the guests
of the San .Tose Y. M. C. A.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
address the thirty-fifth annual state
convention of the California Young
Men's Christian Association at San
Jose, this evening, at a banquet in
the Hotel Vendome. Other guests of
honor will be J. E. Spruuger, state
secretary; Lieutenant-Colonel E. W.
Ilalford, vice-president of the Lay
men's Missionary Movement, and Pro
fessor C. H. Robertson, international
secretary and science lecturer on
China.
Tomorrow evening, Professor F. C.
Woodward, dean of the Stanford Law
School, will speak at a "student din
ner" in the First Methodist Church.
Others on the Saturday evening pro
gram will be Lyman L. Pierce, gen
eral secretary of the San Francisco
Association; Dr. J. A. Francis, pastor
of the First Baptist Church of Los
Angeles; Professor C. E. Rugli, Stan
ford, '03, now of the University of
California; Dr. Sherrell W. Hall of
Berkeley; Arthur Arlett of Oakland,
and Thomas B. Scott of Modesto.
Preceding this dinner, at 4 o'clock,
in the Association building, an open
discussion meeting will consider the
problems relating to college life.
There will also be special sessions
Sunday morning, afternoon, and eve
ning. Delegates attending from Stan
ford will be entertained as the guests
of the San .Tose Y. M. C. A.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
address the thirty-fifth annual state
convention of the California Young
Men's Christian Association at San
Jose, this evening, at a banquet in
the Hotel Vendome. Other guests of
honor will be J. E. Spruuger, state
secretary; Lieutenant-Colonel E. W.
Ilalford, vice-president of the Lay
men's Missionary Movement, and Pro
fessor C. H. Robertson, international
secretary and science lecturer on
China.
Tomorrow evening, Professor F. C.
Woodward, dean of the Stanford Law
School, will speak at a "student din
ner" in the First Methodist Church.
Others on the Saturday evening pro
gram will be Lyman L. Pierce, gen
eral secretary of the San Francisco
Association; Dr. J. A. Francis, pastor
of the First Baptist Church of Los
Angeles; Professor C. E. Rugli, Stan
ford, '03, now of the University of
California; Dr. Sherrell W. Hall of
Berkeley; Arthur Arlett of Oakland,
and Thomas B. Scott of Modesto.
Preceding this dinner, at 4 o'clock,
in the Association building, an open
discussion meeting will consider the
problems relating to college life.
There will also be special sessions
Sunday morning, afternoon, and eve
ning. Delegates attending from Stan
ford will be entertained as the guests
of the San .Tose Y. M. C. A.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
address the thirty-fifth annual state
convention of the California Young
Men's Christian Association at San
Jose, this evening, at a banquet in
the Hotel Vendome. Other guests of
honor will be J. E. Spruuger, state
secretary; Lieutenant-Colonel E. W.
Ilalford, vice-president of the Lay
men's Missionary Movement, and Pro
fessor C. H. Robertson, international
secretary and science lecturer on
China.
Tomorrow evening, Professor F. C.
Woodward, dean of the Stanford Law
School, will speak at a "student din
ner" in the First Methodist Church.
Others on the Saturday evening pro
gram will be Lyman L. Pierce, gen
eral secretary of the San Francisco
Association; Dr. J. A. Francis, pastor
of the First Baptist Church of Los
Angeles; Professor C. E. Rugli, Stan
ford, '03, now of the University of
California; Dr. Sherrell W. Hall of
Berkeley; Arthur Arlett of Oakland,
and Thomas B. Scott of Modesto.
Preceding this dinner, at 4 o'clock,
in the Association building, an open
discussion meeting will consider the
problems relating to college life.
There will also be special sessions
Sunday morning, afternoon, and eve
ning. Delegates attending from Stan
ford will be entertained as the guests
of the San .Tose Y. M. C. A.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
address the thirty-fifth annual state
convention of the California Young
Men's Christian Association at San
Jose, this evening, at a banquet in
the Hotel Vendome. Other guests of
honor will be J. E. Spruuger, state
secretary; Lieutenant-Colonel E. W.
Ilalford, vice-president of the Lay
men's Missionary Movement, and Pro
fessor C. H. Robertson, international
secretary and science lecturer on
China.
Tomorrow evening, Professor F. C.
Woodward, dean of the Stanford Law
School, will speak at a "student din
ner" in the First Methodist Church.
Others on the Saturday evening pro
gram will be Lyman L. Pierce, gen
eral secretary of the San Francisco
Association; Dr. J. A. Francis, pastor
of the First Baptist Church of Los
Angeles; Professor C. E. Rugli, Stan
ford, '03, now of the University of
California; Dr. Sherrell W. Hall of
Berkeley; Arthur Arlett of Oakland,
and Thomas B. Scott of Modesto.
Preceding this dinner, at 4 o'clock,
in the Association building, an open
discussion meeting will consider the
problems relating to college life.
There will also be special sessions
Sunday morning, afternoon, and eve
ning. Delegates attending from Stan
ford will be entertained as the guests
of the San .Tose Y. M. C. A.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
address the thirty-fifth annual state
convention of the California Young
Men's Christian Association at San
Jose, this evening, at a banquet in
the Hotel Vendome. Other guests of
honor will be J. E. Spruuger, state
secretary; Lieutenant-Colonel E. W.
Ilalford, vice-president of the Lay
men's Missionary Movement, and Pro
fessor C. H. Robertson, international
secretary and science lecturer on
China.
Tomorrow evening, Professor F. C.
Woodward, dean of the Stanford Law
School, will speak at a "student din
ner" in the First Methodist Church.
Others on the Saturday evening pro
gram will be Lyman L. Pierce, gen
eral secretary of the San Francisco
Association; Dr. J. A. Francis, pastor
of the First Baptist Church of Los
Angeles; Professor C. E. Rugli, Stan
ford, '03, now of the University of
California; Dr. Sherrell W. Hall of
Berkeley; Arthur Arlett of Oakland,
and Thomas B. Scott of Modesto.
Preceding this dinner, at 4 o'clock,
in the Association building, an open
discussion meeting will consider the
problems relating to college life.
There will also be special sessions
Sunday morning, afternoon, and eve
ning. Delegates attending from Stan
ford will be entertained as the guests
of the San .Tose Y. M. C. A.
