# October 1, 1916
## 
### 
October 1 of this year is the twen
ty-fifth anniversary of the opening of
the University for instruction. It
will he decidedly in keeping to ob
serve this date in some appropriate
manner, and it is not too early to
begin to consider plans for the ob
servance.
Stanford is a young University.
Rut the twenty-fifth anniversary is a
milestone in its growth of sufficient
importance to he given notice. The
University is actually older now than
most of the students who attend it —
something which could not be said
till very recently. If the University
was a man—or a woman in Cali
fornia—it would vote for the presi
dent the second time next November.
Tho twenty-fifth anniversary is an
important anniversary.
It's not a hard search to find one
appropriate observance of this day.
We suggest an informal program, re
sembling Founders' Day, with all the
alumni back who can be induced to
accept the hospitality of the campus.
The '95ers might even be allowed, on
this particular occasion, to talk of
the "good old days" to their pioneer
heart's content.
October 1 is on Sunday. So was
the Fourth of July, last year—but the
National holiday was fittingly ob
served on Monday.
October 1 of this year is the twen
ty-fifth anniversary of the opening of
the University for instruction. It
will he decidedly in keeping to ob
serve this date in some appropriate
manner, and it is not too early to
begin to consider plans for the ob
servance.
Stanford is a young University.
Rut the twenty-fifth anniversary is a
milestone in its growth of sufficient
importance to he given notice. The
University is actually older now than
most of the students who attend it —
something which could not be said
till very recently. If the University
was a man—or a woman in Cali
fornia—it would vote for the presi
dent the second time next November.
Tho twenty-fifth anniversary is an
important anniversary.
It's not a hard search to find one
appropriate observance of this day.
We suggest an informal program, re
sembling Founders' Day, with all the
alumni back who can be induced to
accept the hospitality of the campus.
The '95ers might even be allowed, on
this particular occasion, to talk of
the "good old days" to their pioneer
heart's content.
October 1 is on Sunday. So was
the Fourth of July, last year—but the
National holiday was fittingly ob
served on Monday.
October 1 of this year is the twen
ty-fifth anniversary of the opening of
the University for instruction. It
will he decidedly in keeping to ob
serve this date in some appropriate
manner, and it is not too early to
begin to consider plans for the ob
servance.
Stanford is a young University.
Rut the twenty-fifth anniversary is a
milestone in its growth of sufficient
importance to he given notice. The
University is actually older now than
most of the students who attend it —
something which could not be said
till very recently. If the University
was a man—or a woman in Cali
fornia—it would vote for the presi
dent the second time next November.
Tho twenty-fifth anniversary is an
important anniversary.
It's not a hard search to find one
appropriate observance of this day.
We suggest an informal program, re
sembling Founders' Day, with all the
alumni back who can be induced to
accept the hospitality of the campus.
The '95ers might even be allowed, on
this particular occasion, to talk of
the "good old days" to their pioneer
heart's content.
October 1 is on Sunday. So was
the Fourth of July, last year—but the
National holiday was fittingly ob
served on Monday.
October 1 of this year is the twen
ty-fifth anniversary of the opening of
the University for instruction. It
will he decidedly in keeping to ob
serve this date in some appropriate
manner, and it is not too early to
begin to consider plans for the ob
servance.
Stanford is a young University.
Rut the twenty-fifth anniversary is a
milestone in its growth of sufficient
importance to he given notice. The
University is actually older now than
most of the students who attend it —
something which could not be said
till very recently. If the University
was a man—or a woman in Cali
fornia—it would vote for the presi
dent the second time next November.
Tho twenty-fifth anniversary is an
important anniversary.
It's not a hard search to find one
appropriate observance of this day.
We suggest an informal program, re
sembling Founders' Day, with all the
alumni back who can be induced to
accept the hospitality of the campus.
The '95ers might even be allowed, on
this particular occasion, to talk of
the "good old days" to their pioneer
heart's content.
October 1 is on Sunday. So was
the Fourth of July, last year—but the
National holiday was fittingly ob
served on Monday.
October 1 of this year is the twen
ty-fifth anniversary of the opening of
the University for instruction. It
will he decidedly in keeping to ob
serve this date in some appropriate
manner, and it is not too early to
begin to consider plans for the ob
servance.
Stanford is a young University.
Rut the twenty-fifth anniversary is a
milestone in its growth of sufficient
importance to he given notice. The
University is actually older now than
most of the students who attend it —
something which could not be said
till very recently. If the University
was a man—or a woman in Cali
fornia—it would vote for the presi
dent the second time next November.
Tho twenty-fifth anniversary is an
important anniversary.
It's not a hard search to find one
appropriate observance of this day.
We suggest an informal program, re
sembling Founders' Day, with all the
alumni back who can be induced to
accept the hospitality of the campus.
The '95ers might even be allowed, on
this particular occasion, to talk of
the "good old days" to their pioneer
heart's content.
October 1 is on Sunday. So was
the Fourth of July, last year—but the
National holiday was fittingly ob
served on Monday.
October 1 of this year is the twen
ty-fifth anniversary of the opening of
the University for instruction. It
will he decidedly in keeping to ob
serve this date in some appropriate
manner, and it is not too early to
begin to consider plans for the ob
servance.
Stanford is a young University.
Rut the twenty-fifth anniversary is a
milestone in its growth of sufficient
importance to he given notice. The
University is actually older now than
most of the students who attend it —
something which could not be said
till very recently. If the University
was a man—or a woman in Cali
fornia—it would vote for the presi
dent the second time next November.
Tho twenty-fifth anniversary is an
important anniversary.
It's not a hard search to find one
appropriate observance of this day.
We suggest an informal program, re
sembling Founders' Day, with all the
alumni back who can be induced to
accept the hospitality of the campus.
The '95ers might even be allowed, on
this particular occasion, to talk of
the "good old days" to their pioneer
heart's content.
October 1 is on Sunday. So was
the Fourth of July, last year—but the
National holiday was fittingly ob
served on Monday.
October 1 of this year is the twen
ty-fifth anniversary of the opening of
the University for instruction. It
will he decidedly in keeping to ob
serve this date in some appropriate
manner, and it is not too early to
begin to consider plans for the ob
servance.
Stanford is a young University.
Rut the twenty-fifth anniversary is a
milestone in its growth of sufficient
importance to he given notice. The
University is actually older now than
most of the students who attend it —
something which could not be said
till very recently. If the University
was a man—or a woman in Cali
fornia—it would vote for the presi
dent the second time next November.
Tho twenty-fifth anniversary is an
important anniversary.
It's not a hard search to find one
appropriate observance of this day.
We suggest an informal program, re
sembling Founders' Day, with all the
alumni back who can be induced to
accept the hospitality of the campus.
The '95ers might even be allowed, on
this particular occasion, to talk of
the "good old days" to their pioneer
heart's content.
October 1 is on Sunday. So was
the Fourth of July, last year—but the
National holiday was fittingly ob
served on Monday.
October 1 of this year is the twen
ty-fifth anniversary of the opening of
the University for instruction. It
will he decidedly in keeping to ob
serve this date in some appropriate
manner, and it is not too early to
begin to consider plans for the ob
servance.
Stanford is a young University.
Rut the twenty-fifth anniversary is a
milestone in its growth of sufficient
importance to he given notice. The
University is actually older now than
most of the students who attend it —
something which could not be said
till very recently. If the University
was a man—or a woman in Cali
fornia—it would vote for the presi
dent the second time next November.
Tho twenty-fifth anniversary is an
important anniversary.
It's not a hard search to find one
appropriate observance of this day.
We suggest an informal program, re
sembling Founders' Day, with all the
alumni back who can be induced to
accept the hospitality of the campus.
The '95ers might even be allowed, on
this particular occasion, to talk of
the "good old days" to their pioneer
heart's content.
October 1 is on Sunday. So was
the Fourth of July, last year—but the
National holiday was fittingly ob
served on Monday.
October 1 of this year is the twen
ty-fifth anniversary of the opening of
the University for instruction. It
will he decidedly in keeping to ob
serve this date in some appropriate
manner, and it is not too early to
begin to consider plans for the ob
servance.
Stanford is a young University.
Rut the twenty-fifth anniversary is a
milestone in its growth of sufficient
importance to he given notice. The
University is actually older now than
most of the students who attend it —
something which could not be said
till very recently. If the University
was a man—or a woman in Cali
fornia—it would vote for the presi
dent the second time next November.
Tho twenty-fifth anniversary is an
important anniversary.
It's not a hard search to find one
appropriate observance of this day.
We suggest an informal program, re
sembling Founders' Day, with all the
alumni back who can be induced to
accept the hospitality of the campus.
The '95ers might even be allowed, on
this particular occasion, to talk of
the "good old days" to their pioneer
heart's content.
October 1 is on Sunday. So was
the Fourth of July, last year—but the
National holiday was fittingly ob
served on Monday.
October 1 of this year is the twen
ty-fifth anniversary of the opening of
the University for instruction. It
will he decidedly in keeping to ob
serve this date in some appropriate
manner, and it is not too early to
begin to consider plans for the ob
servance.
Stanford is a young University.
Rut the twenty-fifth anniversary is a
milestone in its growth of sufficient
importance to he given notice. The
University is actually older now than
most of the students who attend it —
something which could not be said
till very recently. If the University
was a man—or a woman in Cali
fornia—it would vote for the presi
dent the second time next November.
Tho twenty-fifth anniversary is an
important anniversary.
It's not a hard search to find one
appropriate observance of this day.
We suggest an informal program, re
sembling Founders' Day, with all the
alumni back who can be induced to
accept the hospitality of the campus.
The '95ers might even be allowed, on
this particular occasion, to talk of
the "good old days" to their pioneer
heart's content.
October 1 is on Sunday. So was
the Fourth of July, last year—but the
National holiday was fittingly ob
served on Monday.
October 1 of this year is the twen
ty-fifth anniversary of the opening of
the University for instruction. It
will he decidedly in keeping to ob
serve this date in some appropriate
manner, and it is not too early to
begin to consider plans for the ob
servance.
Stanford is a young University.
Rut the twenty-fifth anniversary is a
milestone in its growth of sufficient
importance to he given notice. The
University is actually older now than
most of the students who attend it —
something which could not be said
till very recently. If the University
was a man—or a woman in Cali
fornia—it would vote for the presi
dent the second time next November.
Tho twenty-fifth anniversary is an
important anniversary.
It's not a hard search to find one
appropriate observance of this day.
We suggest an informal program, re
sembling Founders' Day, with all the
alumni back who can be induced to
accept the hospitality of the campus.
The '95ers might even be allowed, on
this particular occasion, to talk of
the "good old days" to their pioneer
heart's content.
October 1 is on Sunday. So was
the Fourth of July, last year—but the
National holiday was fittingly ob
served on Monday.
October 1 of this year is the twen
ty-fifth anniversary of the opening of
the University for instruction. It
will he decidedly in keeping to ob
serve this date in some appropriate
manner, and it is not too early to
begin to consider plans for the ob
servance.
Stanford is a young University.
Rut the twenty-fifth anniversary is a
milestone in its growth of sufficient
importance to he given notice. The
University is actually older now than
most of the students who attend it —
something which could not be said
till very recently. If the University
was a man—or a woman in Cali
fornia—it would vote for the presi
dent the second time next November.
Tho twenty-fifth anniversary is an
important anniversary.
It's not a hard search to find one
appropriate observance of this day.
We suggest an informal program, re
sembling Founders' Day, with all the
alumni back who can be induced to
accept the hospitality of the campus.
The '95ers might even be allowed, on
this particular occasion, to talk of
the "good old days" to their pioneer
heart's content.
October 1 is on Sunday. So was
the Fourth of July, last year—but the
National holiday was fittingly ob
served on Monday.
October 1 of this year is the twen
ty-fifth anniversary of the opening of
the University for instruction. It
will he decidedly in keeping to ob
serve this date in some appropriate
manner, and it is not too early to
begin to consider plans for the ob
servance.
Stanford is a young University.
Rut the twenty-fifth anniversary is a
milestone in its growth of sufficient
importance to he given notice. The
University is actually older now than
most of the students who attend it —
something which could not be said
till very recently. If the University
was a man—or a woman in Cali
fornia—it would vote for the presi
dent the second time next November.
Tho twenty-fifth anniversary is an
important anniversary.
It's not a hard search to find one
appropriate observance of this day.
We suggest an informal program, re
sembling Founders' Day, with all the
alumni back who can be induced to
accept the hospitality of the campus.
The '95ers might even be allowed, on
this particular occasion, to talk of
the "good old days" to their pioneer
heart's content.
October 1 is on Sunday. So was
the Fourth of July, last year—but the
National holiday was fittingly ob
served on Monday.
October 1 of this year is the twen
ty-fifth anniversary of the opening of
the University for instruction. It
will he decidedly in keeping to ob
serve this date in some appropriate
manner, and it is not too early to
begin to consider plans for the ob
servance.
Stanford is a young University.
Rut the twenty-fifth anniversary is a
milestone in its growth of sufficient
importance to he given notice. The
University is actually older now than
most of the students who attend it —
something which could not be said
till very recently. If the University
was a man—or a woman in Cali
fornia—it would vote for the presi
dent the second time next November.
Tho twenty-fifth anniversary is an
important anniversary.
It's not a hard search to find one
appropriate observance of this day.
We suggest an informal program, re
sembling Founders' Day, with all the
alumni back who can be induced to
accept the hospitality of the campus.
The '95ers might even be allowed, on
this particular occasion, to talk of
the "good old days" to their pioneer
heart's content.
October 1 is on Sunday. So was
the Fourth of July, last year—but the
National holiday was fittingly ob
served on Monday.
