# Freshman Students Must Wear Green Dinks at U.S.C
## 
### 
Green dinks with cardinal and gold
buttons will be worn by next year's fresh
man class at U.S.C, the executive com
mittee of that school has just decided.
Green dinks with cardinal and gold
buttons will be worn by next year's fresh
man class at U.S.C, the executive com
mittee of that school has just decided.
Green dinks with cardinal and gold
buttons will be worn by next year's fresh
man class at U.S.C, the executive com
mittee of that school has just decided.
Green dinks with cardinal and gold
buttons will be worn by next year's fresh
man class at U.S.C, the executive com
mittee of that school has just decided.
Green dinks with cardinal and gold
buttons will be worn by next year's fresh
man class at U.S.C, the executive com
mittee of that school has just decided.
Green dinks with cardinal and gold
buttons will be worn by next year's fresh
man class at U.S.C, the executive com
mittee of that school has just decided.
Green dinks with cardinal and gold
buttons will be worn by next year's fresh
man class at U.S.C, the executive com
mittee of that school has just decided.
Green dinks with cardinal and gold
buttons will be worn by next year's fresh
man class at U.S.C, the executive com
mittee of that school has just decided.
Green dinks with cardinal and gold
buttons will be worn by next year's fresh
man class at U.S.C, the executive com
mittee of that school has just decided.
Green dinks with cardinal and gold
buttons will be worn by next year's fresh
man class at U.S.C, the executive com
mittee of that school has just decided.
Green dinks with cardinal and gold
buttons will be worn by next year's fresh
man class at U.S.C, the executive com
mittee of that school has just decided.
Green dinks with cardinal and gold
buttons will be worn by next year's fresh
man class at U.S.C, the executive com
mittee of that school has just decided.
Green dinks with cardinal and gold
buttons will be worn by next year's fresh
man class at U.S.C, the executive com
mittee of that school has just decided.
Green dinks with cardinal and gold
buttons will be worn by next year's fresh
man class at U.S.C, the executive com
mittee of that school has just decided.
Green dinks with cardinal and gold
buttons will be worn by next year's fresh
man class at U.S.C, the executive com
mittee of that school has just decided.
