# Dr. Carl Alsberg Talks On Bacteria at Seminar
## 
### 
What mold can do to food in pro
ducing disease was discussed by Dr.
Carl L. Alsberg, director of the Food
Research Institute, at the weekly
bacteriological seminar held yester
day afternoon in the Anatomy
Building.
Dr. Alsberg first started research
into the role modls play in produc
ing disease and fermentation of
foodstuffs in 1910 during the out
break of pellagra epidemic, thought
to be caused by molds.
What mold can do to food in pro
ducing disease was discussed by Dr.
Carl L. Alsberg, director of the Food
Research Institute, at the weekly
bacteriological seminar held yester
day afternoon in the Anatomy
Building.
Dr. Alsberg first started research
into the role modls play in produc
ing disease and fermentation of
foodstuffs in 1910 during the out
break of pellagra epidemic, thought
to be caused by molds.
What mold can do to food in pro
ducing disease was discussed by Dr.
Carl L. Alsberg, director of the Food
Research Institute, at the weekly
bacteriological seminar held yester
day afternoon in the Anatomy
Building.
Dr. Alsberg first started research
into the role modls play in produc
ing disease and fermentation of
foodstuffs in 1910 during the out
break of pellagra epidemic, thought
to be caused by molds.
What mold can do to food in pro
ducing disease was discussed by Dr.
Carl L. Alsberg, director of the Food
Research Institute, at the weekly
bacteriological seminar held yester
day afternoon in the Anatomy
Building.
Dr. Alsberg first started research
into the role modls play in produc
ing disease and fermentation of
foodstuffs in 1910 during the out
break of pellagra epidemic, thought
to be caused by molds.
What mold can do to food in pro
ducing disease was discussed by Dr.
Carl L. Alsberg, director of the Food
Research Institute, at the weekly
bacteriological seminar held yester
day afternoon in the Anatomy
Building.
Dr. Alsberg first started research
into the role modls play in produc
ing disease and fermentation of
foodstuffs in 1910 during the out
break of pellagra epidemic, thought
to be caused by molds.
What mold can do to food in pro
ducing disease was discussed by Dr.
Carl L. Alsberg, director of the Food
Research Institute, at the weekly
bacteriological seminar held yester
day afternoon in the Anatomy
Building.
Dr. Alsberg first started research
into the role modls play in produc
ing disease and fermentation of
foodstuffs in 1910 during the out
break of pellagra epidemic, thought
to be caused by molds.
What mold can do to food in pro
ducing disease was discussed by Dr.
Carl L. Alsberg, director of the Food
Research Institute, at the weekly
bacteriological seminar held yester
day afternoon in the Anatomy
Building.
Dr. Alsberg first started research
into the role modls play in produc
ing disease and fermentation of
foodstuffs in 1910 during the out
break of pellagra epidemic, thought
to be caused by molds.
What mold can do to food in pro
ducing disease was discussed by Dr.
Carl L. Alsberg, director of the Food
Research Institute, at the weekly
bacteriological seminar held yester
day afternoon in the Anatomy
Building.
Dr. Alsberg first started research
into the role modls play in produc
ing disease and fermentation of
foodstuffs in 1910 during the out
break of pellagra epidemic, thought
to be caused by molds.
What mold can do to food in pro
ducing disease was discussed by Dr.
Carl L. Alsberg, director of the Food
Research Institute, at the weekly
bacteriological seminar held yester
day afternoon in the Anatomy
Building.
Dr. Alsberg first started research
into the role modls play in produc
ing disease and fermentation of
foodstuffs in 1910 during the out
break of pellagra epidemic, thought
to be caused by molds.
What mold can do to food in pro
ducing disease was discussed by Dr.
Carl L. Alsberg, director of the Food
Research Institute, at the weekly
bacteriological seminar held yester
day afternoon in the Anatomy
Building.
Dr. Alsberg first started research
into the role modls play in produc
ing disease and fermentation of
foodstuffs in 1910 during the out
break of pellagra epidemic, thought
to be caused by molds.
What mold can do to food in pro
ducing disease was discussed by Dr.
Carl L. Alsberg, director of the Food
Research Institute, at the weekly
bacteriological seminar held yester
day afternoon in the Anatomy
Building.
Dr. Alsberg first started research
into the role modls play in produc
ing disease and fermentation of
foodstuffs in 1910 during the out
break of pellagra epidemic, thought
to be caused by molds.
What mold can do to food in pro
ducing disease was discussed by Dr.
Carl L. Alsberg, director of the Food
Research Institute, at the weekly
bacteriological seminar held yester
day afternoon in the Anatomy
Building.
Dr. Alsberg first started research
into the role modls play in produc
ing disease and fermentation of
foodstuffs in 1910 during the out
break of pellagra epidemic, thought
to be caused by molds.
What mold can do to food in pro
ducing disease was discussed by Dr.
Carl L. Alsberg, director of the Food
Research Institute, at the weekly
bacteriological seminar held yester
day afternoon in the Anatomy
Building.
Dr. Alsberg first started research
into the role modls play in produc
ing disease and fermentation of
foodstuffs in 1910 during the out
break of pellagra epidemic, thought
to be caused by molds.
What mold can do to food in pro
ducing disease was discussed by Dr.
Carl L. Alsberg, director of the Food
Research Institute, at the weekly
bacteriological seminar held yester
day afternoon in the Anatomy
Building.
Dr. Alsberg first started research
into the role modls play in produc
ing disease and fermentation of
foodstuffs in 1910 during the out
break of pellagra epidemic, thought
to be caused by molds.
What mold can do to food in pro
ducing disease was discussed by Dr.
Carl L. Alsberg, director of the Food
Research Institute, at the weekly
bacteriological seminar held yester
day afternoon in the Anatomy
Building.
Dr. Alsberg first started research
into the role modls play in produc
ing disease and fermentation of
foodstuffs in 1910 during the out
break of pellagra epidemic, thought
to be caused by molds.
