# CORP YARD HEAD ILL
## 
### 
Hoy H. Button, superintendent of
building and grounds, is in the Palo
Alto Hospital recovering from a se
rious operation. According to Dr.
Frederick Roth, his physician, his
condition at a late hour yesterday
was much improved.
Hoy H. Button, superintendent of
building and grounds, is in the Palo
Alto Hospital recovering from a se
rious operation. According to Dr.
Frederick Roth, his physician, his
condition at a late hour yesterday
was much improved.
Hoy H. Button, superintendent of
building and grounds, is in the Palo
Alto Hospital recovering from a se
rious operation. According to Dr.
Frederick Roth, his physician, his
condition at a late hour yesterday
was much improved.
Hoy H. Button, superintendent of
building and grounds, is in the Palo
Alto Hospital recovering from a se
rious operation. According to Dr.
Frederick Roth, his physician, his
condition at a late hour yesterday
was much improved.
Hoy H. Button, superintendent of
building and grounds, is in the Palo
Alto Hospital recovering from a se
rious operation. According to Dr.
Frederick Roth, his physician, his
condition at a late hour yesterday
was much improved.
Hoy H. Button, superintendent of
building and grounds, is in the Palo
Alto Hospital recovering from a se
rious operation. According to Dr.
Frederick Roth, his physician, his
condition at a late hour yesterday
was much improved.
Hoy H. Button, superintendent of
building and grounds, is in the Palo
Alto Hospital recovering from a se
rious operation. According to Dr.
Frederick Roth, his physician, his
condition at a late hour yesterday
was much improved.
Hoy H. Button, superintendent of
building and grounds, is in the Palo
Alto Hospital recovering from a se
rious operation. According to Dr.
Frederick Roth, his physician, his
condition at a late hour yesterday
was much improved.
Hoy H. Button, superintendent of
building and grounds, is in the Palo
Alto Hospital recovering from a se
rious operation. According to Dr.
Frederick Roth, his physician, his
condition at a late hour yesterday
was much improved.
Hoy H. Button, superintendent of
building and grounds, is in the Palo
Alto Hospital recovering from a se
rious operation. According to Dr.
Frederick Roth, his physician, his
condition at a late hour yesterday
was much improved.
Hoy H. Button, superintendent of
building and grounds, is in the Palo
Alto Hospital recovering from a se
rious operation. According to Dr.
Frederick Roth, his physician, his
condition at a late hour yesterday
was much improved.
Hoy H. Button, superintendent of
building and grounds, is in the Palo
Alto Hospital recovering from a se
rious operation. According to Dr.
Frederick Roth, his physician, his
condition at a late hour yesterday
was much improved.
Hoy H. Button, superintendent of
building and grounds, is in the Palo
Alto Hospital recovering from a se
rious operation. According to Dr.
Frederick Roth, his physician, his
condition at a late hour yesterday
was much improved.
Hoy H. Button, superintendent of
building and grounds, is in the Palo
Alto Hospital recovering from a se
rious operation. According to Dr.
Frederick Roth, his physician, his
condition at a late hour yesterday
was much improved.
Hoy H. Button, superintendent of
building and grounds, is in the Palo
Alto Hospital recovering from a se
rious operation. According to Dr.
Frederick Roth, his physician, his
condition at a late hour yesterday
was much improved.
