# Secretary Hull Calls on President of Panama
## 
### 

Cordell Hull (right). U. S
Secretary of State, as lie called

on President Arias of Panama
en route home from the Pan-

American Conference in Uru
guay.

Cordell Hull (right). U. S
Secretary of State, as lie called

on President Arias of Panama
en route home from the Pan-

American Conference in Uru
guay.

Cordell Hull (right). U. S
Secretary of State, as lie called

on President Arias of Panama
en route home from the Pan-

American Conference in Uru
guay.

Cordell Hull (right). U. S
Secretary of State, as lie called

on President Arias of Panama
en route home from the Pan-

American Conference in Uru
guay.

Cordell Hull (right). U. S
Secretary of State, as lie called

on President Arias of Panama
en route home from the Pan-

American Conference in Uru
guay.

Cordell Hull (right). U. S
Secretary of State, as lie called

on President Arias of Panama
en route home from the Pan-

American Conference in Uru
guay.

Cordell Hull (right). U. S
Secretary of State, as lie called

on President Arias of Panama
en route home from the Pan-

American Conference in Uru
guay.

Cordell Hull (right). U. S
Secretary of State, as lie called

on President Arias of Panama
en route home from the Pan-

American Conference in Uru
guay.

Cordell Hull (right). U. S
Secretary of State, as lie called

on President Arias of Panama
en route home from the Pan-

American Conference in Uru
guay.

Cordell Hull (right). U. S
Secretary of State, as lie called

on President Arias of Panama
en route home from the Pan-

American Conference in Uru
guay.

Cordell Hull (right). U. S
Secretary of State, as lie called

on President Arias of Panama
en route home from the Pan-

American Conference in Uru
guay.

Cordell Hull (right). U. S
Secretary of State, as lie called

on President Arias of Panama
en route home from the Pan-

American Conference in Uru
guay.

Cordell Hull (right). U. S
Secretary of State, as lie called

on President Arias of Panama
en route home from the Pan-

American Conference in Uru
guay.

Cordell Hull (right). U. S
Secretary of State, as lie called

on President Arias of Panama
en route home from the Pan-

American Conference in Uru
guay.

Cordell Hull (right). U. S
Secretary of State, as lie called

on President Arias of Panama
en route home from the Pan-

American Conference in Uru
guay.
