# Mallott, Milias Battle For '62 Presidency
## 
### 
With responsible leadership, the
senior class can become an effec
tive cultural and social branch of
the university. By sponsoring pro
grams designed to help us under
stand our responsibilities, inform
ative talks by leaders in their
fields, a teacher-student exchange
program to acquaint us with our
professors, and a social program
designed to unite the class for its
last year at Stanford, we can set
an excellent example for Stan
ford's undergraduate classes.

Class government exists in a
unique sphere with its own prece
dents and criterions. Usually a
candidate’s platform is guided by
these precedents. The senior class
government is always responsible
for activities such as Happy
Hours, the Senior Ball, Heritage
Fund, just to name a few. Beyond
these, my primary consideration
will be class spirit. The class of
’62 will always have memories
about our individual dorms,
houses and eating groups, but as
a unified body, something is lack
ing. If elected, I hope to provide
effective leadership and close co
operation with ex-corn (o fulfill
these objectives.


JIM MALOTT
'62 President


MITCH MILIAS
'62 President
With responsible leadership, the
senior class can become an effec
tive cultural and social branch of
the university. By sponsoring pro
grams designed to help us under
stand our responsibilities, inform
ative talks by leaders in their
fields, a teacher-student exchange
program to acquaint us with our
professors, and a social program
designed to unite the class for its
last year at Stanford, we can set
an excellent example for Stan
ford's undergraduate classes.

Class government exists in a
unique sphere with its own prece
dents and criterions. Usually a
candidate’s platform is guided by
these precedents. The senior class
government is always responsible
for activities such as Happy
Hours, the Senior Ball, Heritage
Fund, just to name a few. Beyond
these, my primary consideration
will be class spirit. The class of
’62 will always have memories
about our individual dorms,
houses and eating groups, but as
a unified body, something is lack
ing. If elected, I hope to provide
effective leadership and close co
operation with ex-corn (o fulfill
these objectives.


JIM MALOTT
'62 President


MITCH MILIAS
'62 President
With responsible leadership, the
senior class can become an effec
tive cultural and social branch of
the university. By sponsoring pro
grams designed to help us under
stand our responsibilities, inform
ative talks by leaders in their
fields, a teacher-student exchange
program to acquaint us with our
professors, and a social program
designed to unite the class for its
last year at Stanford, we can set
an excellent example for Stan
ford's undergraduate classes.

Class government exists in a
unique sphere with its own prece
dents and criterions. Usually a
candidate’s platform is guided by
these precedents. The senior class
government is always responsible
for activities such as Happy
Hours, the Senior Ball, Heritage
Fund, just to name a few. Beyond
these, my primary consideration
will be class spirit. The class of
’62 will always have memories
about our individual dorms,
houses and eating groups, but as
a unified body, something is lack
ing. If elected, I hope to provide
effective leadership and close co
operation with ex-corn (o fulfill
these objectives.


JIM MALOTT
'62 President


MITCH MILIAS
'62 President
With responsible leadership, the
senior class can become an effec
tive cultural and social branch of
the university. By sponsoring pro
grams designed to help us under
stand our responsibilities, inform
ative talks by leaders in their
fields, a teacher-student exchange
program to acquaint us with our
professors, and a social program
designed to unite the class for its
last year at Stanford, we can set
an excellent example for Stan
ford's undergraduate classes.

Class government exists in a
unique sphere with its own prece
dents and criterions. Usually a
candidate’s platform is guided by
these precedents. The senior class
government is always responsible
for activities such as Happy
Hours, the Senior Ball, Heritage
Fund, just to name a few. Beyond
these, my primary consideration
will be class spirit. The class of
’62 will always have memories
about our individual dorms,
houses and eating groups, but as
a unified body, something is lack
ing. If elected, I hope to provide
effective leadership and close co
operation with ex-corn (o fulfill
these objectives.


JIM MALOTT
'62 President


MITCH MILIAS
'62 President
With responsible leadership, the
senior class can become an effec
tive cultural and social branch of
the university. By sponsoring pro
grams designed to help us under
stand our responsibilities, inform
ative talks by leaders in their
fields, a teacher-student exchange
program to acquaint us with our
professors, and a social program
designed to unite the class for its
last year at Stanford, we can set
an excellent example for Stan
ford's undergraduate classes.

Class government exists in a
unique sphere with its own prece
dents and criterions. Usually a
candidate’s platform is guided by
these precedents. The senior class
government is always responsible
for activities such as Happy
Hours, the Senior Ball, Heritage
Fund, just to name a few. Beyond
these, my primary consideration
will be class spirit. The class of
’62 will always have memories
about our individual dorms,
houses and eating groups, but as
a unified body, something is lack
ing. If elected, I hope to provide
effective leadership and close co
operation with ex-corn (o fulfill
these objectives.


JIM MALOTT
'62 President


MITCH MILIAS
'62 President
With responsible leadership, the
senior class can become an effec
tive cultural and social branch of
the university. By sponsoring pro
grams designed to help us under
stand our responsibilities, inform
ative talks by leaders in their
fields, a teacher-student exchange
program to acquaint us with our
professors, and a social program
designed to unite the class for its
last year at Stanford, we can set
an excellent example for Stan
ford's undergraduate classes.

Class government exists in a
unique sphere with its own prece
dents and criterions. Usually a
candidate’s platform is guided by
these precedents. The senior class
government is always responsible
for activities such as Happy
Hours, the Senior Ball, Heritage
Fund, just to name a few. Beyond
these, my primary consideration
will be class spirit. The class of
’62 will always have memories
about our individual dorms,
houses and eating groups, but as
a unified body, something is lack
ing. If elected, I hope to provide
effective leadership and close co
operation with ex-corn (o fulfill
these objectives.


JIM MALOTT
'62 President


MITCH MILIAS
'62 President
With responsible leadership, the
senior class can become an effec
tive cultural and social branch of
the university. By sponsoring pro
grams designed to help us under
stand our responsibilities, inform
ative talks by leaders in their
fields, a teacher-student exchange
program to acquaint us with our
professors, and a social program
designed to unite the class for its
last year at Stanford, we can set
an excellent example for Stan
ford's undergraduate classes.

Class government exists in a
unique sphere with its own prece
dents and criterions. Usually a
candidate’s platform is guided by
these precedents. The senior class
government is always responsible
for activities such as Happy
Hours, the Senior Ball, Heritage
Fund, just to name a few. Beyond
these, my primary consideration
will be class spirit. The class of
’62 will always have memories
about our individual dorms,
houses and eating groups, but as
a unified body, something is lack
ing. If elected, I hope to provide
effective leadership and close co
operation with ex-corn (o fulfill
these objectives.


JIM MALOTT
'62 President


MITCH MILIAS
'62 President
With responsible leadership, the
senior class can become an effec
tive cultural and social branch of
the university. By sponsoring pro
grams designed to help us under
stand our responsibilities, inform
ative talks by leaders in their
fields, a teacher-student exchange
program to acquaint us with our
professors, and a social program
designed to unite the class for its
last year at Stanford, we can set
an excellent example for Stan
ford's undergraduate classes.

Class government exists in a
unique sphere with its own prece
dents and criterions. Usually a
candidate’s platform is guided by
these precedents. The senior class
government is always responsible
for activities such as Happy
Hours, the Senior Ball, Heritage
Fund, just to name a few. Beyond
these, my primary consideration
will be class spirit. The class of
’62 will always have memories
about our individual dorms,
houses and eating groups, but as
a unified body, something is lack
ing. If elected, I hope to provide
effective leadership and close co
operation with ex-corn (o fulfill
these objectives.


JIM MALOTT
'62 President


MITCH MILIAS
'62 President
With responsible leadership, the
senior class can become an effec
tive cultural and social branch of
the university. By sponsoring pro
grams designed to help us under
stand our responsibilities, inform
ative talks by leaders in their
fields, a teacher-student exchange
program to acquaint us with our
professors, and a social program
designed to unite the class for its
last year at Stanford, we can set
an excellent example for Stan
ford's undergraduate classes.

Class government exists in a
unique sphere with its own prece
dents and criterions. Usually a
candidate’s platform is guided by
these precedents. The senior class
government is always responsible
for activities such as Happy
Hours, the Senior Ball, Heritage
Fund, just to name a few. Beyond
these, my primary consideration
will be class spirit. The class of
’62 will always have memories
about our individual dorms,
houses and eating groups, but as
a unified body, something is lack
ing. If elected, I hope to provide
effective leadership and close co
operation with ex-corn (o fulfill
these objectives.


JIM MALOTT
'62 President


MITCH MILIAS
'62 President
With responsible leadership, the
senior class can become an effec
tive cultural and social branch of
the university. By sponsoring pro
grams designed to help us under
stand our responsibilities, inform
ative talks by leaders in their
fields, a teacher-student exchange
program to acquaint us with our
professors, and a social program
designed to unite the class for its
last year at Stanford, we can set
an excellent example for Stan
ford's undergraduate classes.

Class government exists in a
unique sphere with its own prece
dents and criterions. Usually a
candidate’s platform is guided by
these precedents. The senior class
government is always responsible
for activities such as Happy
Hours, the Senior Ball, Heritage
Fund, just to name a few. Beyond
these, my primary consideration
will be class spirit. The class of
’62 will always have memories
about our individual dorms,
houses and eating groups, but as
a unified body, something is lack
ing. If elected, I hope to provide
effective leadership and close co
operation with ex-corn (o fulfill
these objectives.


JIM MALOTT
'62 President


MITCH MILIAS
'62 President
With responsible leadership, the
senior class can become an effec
tive cultural and social branch of
the university. By sponsoring pro
grams designed to help us under
stand our responsibilities, inform
ative talks by leaders in their
fields, a teacher-student exchange
program to acquaint us with our
professors, and a social program
designed to unite the class for its
last year at Stanford, we can set
an excellent example for Stan
ford's undergraduate classes.

Class government exists in a
unique sphere with its own prece
dents and criterions. Usually a
candidate’s platform is guided by
these precedents. The senior class
government is always responsible
for activities such as Happy
Hours, the Senior Ball, Heritage
Fund, just to name a few. Beyond
these, my primary consideration
will be class spirit. The class of
’62 will always have memories
about our individual dorms,
houses and eating groups, but as
a unified body, something is lack
ing. If elected, I hope to provide
effective leadership and close co
operation with ex-corn (o fulfill
these objectives.


JIM MALOTT
'62 President


MITCH MILIAS
'62 President
With responsible leadership, the
senior class can become an effec
tive cultural and social branch of
the university. By sponsoring pro
grams designed to help us under
stand our responsibilities, inform
ative talks by leaders in their
fields, a teacher-student exchange
program to acquaint us with our
professors, and a social program
designed to unite the class for its
last year at Stanford, we can set
an excellent example for Stan
ford's undergraduate classes.

Class government exists in a
unique sphere with its own prece
dents and criterions. Usually a
candidate’s platform is guided by
these precedents. The senior class
government is always responsible
for activities such as Happy
Hours, the Senior Ball, Heritage
Fund, just to name a few. Beyond
these, my primary consideration
will be class spirit. The class of
’62 will always have memories
about our individual dorms,
houses and eating groups, but as
a unified body, something is lack
ing. If elected, I hope to provide
effective leadership and close co
operation with ex-corn (o fulfill
these objectives.


JIM MALOTT
'62 President


MITCH MILIAS
'62 President
With responsible leadership, the
senior class can become an effec
tive cultural and social branch of
the university. By sponsoring pro
grams designed to help us under
stand our responsibilities, inform
ative talks by leaders in their
fields, a teacher-student exchange
program to acquaint us with our
professors, and a social program
designed to unite the class for its
last year at Stanford, we can set
an excellent example for Stan
ford's undergraduate classes.

Class government exists in a
unique sphere with its own prece
dents and criterions. Usually a
candidate’s platform is guided by
these precedents. The senior class
government is always responsible
for activities such as Happy
Hours, the Senior Ball, Heritage
Fund, just to name a few. Beyond
these, my primary consideration
will be class spirit. The class of
’62 will always have memories
about our individual dorms,
houses and eating groups, but as
a unified body, something is lack
ing. If elected, I hope to provide
effective leadership and close co
operation with ex-corn (o fulfill
these objectives.


JIM MALOTT
'62 President


MITCH MILIAS
'62 President
With responsible leadership, the
senior class can become an effec
tive cultural and social branch of
the university. By sponsoring pro
grams designed to help us under
stand our responsibilities, inform
ative talks by leaders in their
fields, a teacher-student exchange
program to acquaint us with our
professors, and a social program
designed to unite the class for its
last year at Stanford, we can set
an excellent example for Stan
ford's undergraduate classes.

Class government exists in a
unique sphere with its own prece
dents and criterions. Usually a
candidate’s platform is guided by
these precedents. The senior class
government is always responsible
for activities such as Happy
Hours, the Senior Ball, Heritage
Fund, just to name a few. Beyond
these, my primary consideration
will be class spirit. The class of
’62 will always have memories
about our individual dorms,
houses and eating groups, but as
a unified body, something is lack
ing. If elected, I hope to provide
effective leadership and close co
operation with ex-corn (o fulfill
these objectives.


JIM MALOTT
'62 President


MITCH MILIAS
'62 President
With responsible leadership, the
senior class can become an effec
tive cultural and social branch of
the university. By sponsoring pro
grams designed to help us under
stand our responsibilities, inform
ative talks by leaders in their
fields, a teacher-student exchange
program to acquaint us with our
professors, and a social program
designed to unite the class for its
last year at Stanford, we can set
an excellent example for Stan
ford's undergraduate classes.

Class government exists in a
unique sphere with its own prece
dents and criterions. Usually a
candidate’s platform is guided by
these precedents. The senior class
government is always responsible
for activities such as Happy
Hours, the Senior Ball, Heritage
Fund, just to name a few. Beyond
these, my primary consideration
will be class spirit. The class of
’62 will always have memories
about our individual dorms,
houses and eating groups, but as
a unified body, something is lack
ing. If elected, I hope to provide
effective leadership and close co
operation with ex-corn (o fulfill
these objectives.


JIM MALOTT
'62 President


MITCH MILIAS
'62 President
With responsible leadership, the
senior class can become an effec
tive cultural and social branch of
the university. By sponsoring pro
grams designed to help us under
stand our responsibilities, inform
ative talks by leaders in their
fields, a teacher-student exchange
program to acquaint us with our
professors, and a social program
designed to unite the class for its
last year at Stanford, we can set
an excellent example for Stan
ford's undergraduate classes.

Class government exists in a
unique sphere with its own prece
dents and criterions. Usually a
candidate’s platform is guided by
these precedents. The senior class
government is always responsible
for activities such as Happy
Hours, the Senior Ball, Heritage
Fund, just to name a few. Beyond
these, my primary consideration
will be class spirit. The class of
’62 will always have memories
about our individual dorms,
houses and eating groups, but as
a unified body, something is lack
ing. If elected, I hope to provide
effective leadership and close co
operation with ex-corn (o fulfill
these objectives.


JIM MALOTT
'62 President


MITCH MILIAS
'62 President
