# LETTERS Sayler
## 
### 
It was my understanding that
Barry Greenberg intended to ob
jectively unfold rather than eval
uate the issues of the ASSU cam
paign. Consequently, I was sur
prised to discover that Barry had
presented but two of the issues
which I have raised, junking the
others as “good . . . tbut) incon
sequential as far as the average
voter is concerned.”

Either the average voter is in
terested in the issues or he is not.
If he is not, then there was no
need for Greenberg’s column, at
least according to Greenberg's
original intentions. If the voter is
interested, the platform of the
ASSU presidential candidates can
not be coast rued to be inconse
quential, particularly if they are
“good.”
At least in my case, Greenberg
did not do what he set out to do;
moreover, he did do what he set
out not to do. I strongly object to
Greenberg’s wholly subjective
evaluation of the issue that the
ASSU president should be re
lieved of his duties in the chair,
not only because Greenberg indi
cated that he would not suggest
his personal opinions, but also be
cause I am convinced, particularly
after debating the issue with
Greenberg personally yesterday,
that Greenberg is incapable of de
fending his position.
It has been my consistent con
tention that no advantages and
several disadvantages would di
rectly result from the adoption of
the past editor’s view. My op
ponents have indicated an ignor
ance of the existing channels for
executive opinion. At any time,
the president can relinquish his
chair to the administrative assist
ant in order to present his views.
Moreover, the administrative
assistant can advocate and defend
the position of the president. The
ostensible advantages of giving
up the chair are imagined—there
are already fully adequate means
for expressing executive view
points. The disadvantages, how
ever, are real.
First, allowing the president to
present himself to the Legislature
to "lobby his ideas through it” (a
direct quotation from the plat
form of one of my opponents) de
feats the desired end of close co
operation between the organs of
the ASSU. If student government
is to move, it must move together
as a whole—we cannot afford a
power struggle.
The legislators will not bo im
pressed by a president who shows
up only to "lobby his ideas” on
his way to more important duties.
They will not be unaware that the
real decisions have been made
elsewhere.
Secondly, the tone of LASSU is
set by the chair. This year it has
been casual, informal, loggy. The
tone of the next session must be
one of vigor. The strength of the
gavel will determine the strength
of the Legislature.
ROBERT SAYLER
Candidate for
ASSU President
