# Corp Yard Records .26 Inch of Rain fall
## 
### 
The Corporation Yard recorded
.26 inch />f rainfall for Sunday
night. Previously, 1.37 inches
had been recorded for the cur
rent rainfall year, which begins
in August. This brings the total
to 1.63 inches.
The total precipitation from
August 1940 to this August was
12.ft? inches.
The Corporation Yard recorded
.26 inch />f rainfall for Sunday
night. Previously, 1.37 inches
had been recorded for the cur
rent rainfall year, which begins
in August. This brings the total
to 1.63 inches.
The total precipitation from
August 1940 to this August was
12.ft? inches.
The Corporation Yard recorded
.26 inch />f rainfall for Sunday
night. Previously, 1.37 inches
had been recorded for the cur
rent rainfall year, which begins
in August. This brings the total
to 1.63 inches.
The total precipitation from
August 1940 to this August was
12.ft? inches.
The Corporation Yard recorded
.26 inch />f rainfall for Sunday
night. Previously, 1.37 inches
had been recorded for the cur
rent rainfall year, which begins
in August. This brings the total
to 1.63 inches.
The total precipitation from
August 1940 to this August was
12.ft? inches.
The Corporation Yard recorded
.26 inch />f rainfall for Sunday
night. Previously, 1.37 inches
had been recorded for the cur
rent rainfall year, which begins
in August. This brings the total
to 1.63 inches.
The total precipitation from
August 1940 to this August was
12.ft? inches.
The Corporation Yard recorded
.26 inch />f rainfall for Sunday
night. Previously, 1.37 inches
had been recorded for the cur
rent rainfall year, which begins
in August. This brings the total
to 1.63 inches.
The total precipitation from
August 1940 to this August was
12.ft? inches.
The Corporation Yard recorded
.26 inch />f rainfall for Sunday
night. Previously, 1.37 inches
had been recorded for the cur
rent rainfall year, which begins
in August. This brings the total
to 1.63 inches.
The total precipitation from
August 1940 to this August was
12.ft? inches.
The Corporation Yard recorded
.26 inch />f rainfall for Sunday
night. Previously, 1.37 inches
had been recorded for the cur
rent rainfall year, which begins
in August. This brings the total
to 1.63 inches.
The total precipitation from
August 1940 to this August was
12.ft? inches.
The Corporation Yard recorded
.26 inch />f rainfall for Sunday
night. Previously, 1.37 inches
had been recorded for the cur
rent rainfall year, which begins
in August. This brings the total
to 1.63 inches.
The total precipitation from
August 1940 to this August was
12.ft? inches.
The Corporation Yard recorded
.26 inch />f rainfall for Sunday
night. Previously, 1.37 inches
had been recorded for the cur
rent rainfall year, which begins
in August. This brings the total
to 1.63 inches.
The total precipitation from
August 1940 to this August was
12.ft? inches.
The Corporation Yard recorded
.26 inch />f rainfall for Sunday
night. Previously, 1.37 inches
had been recorded for the cur
rent rainfall year, which begins
in August. This brings the total
to 1.63 inches.
The total precipitation from
August 1940 to this August was
12.ft? inches.
The Corporation Yard recorded
.26 inch />f rainfall for Sunday
night. Previously, 1.37 inches
had been recorded for the cur
rent rainfall year, which begins
in August. This brings the total
to 1.63 inches.
The total precipitation from
August 1940 to this August was
12.ft? inches.
The Corporation Yard recorded
.26 inch />f rainfall for Sunday
night. Previously, 1.37 inches
had been recorded for the cur
rent rainfall year, which begins
in August. This brings the total
to 1.63 inches.
The total precipitation from
August 1940 to this August was
12.ft? inches.
The Corporation Yard recorded
.26 inch />f rainfall for Sunday
night. Previously, 1.37 inches
had been recorded for the cur
rent rainfall year, which begins
in August. This brings the total
to 1.63 inches.
The total precipitation from
August 1940 to this August was
12.ft? inches.
