# SPANISH SONGS
## 
### 
Senor Cobos of the Spanish De
partment will be at Casa Espariola
tonight from 7 to 7:45 to lead inter
ested students in singing and learn
ing Spanish songs.
Senor Cobos of the Spanish De
partment will be at Casa Espariola
tonight from 7 to 7:45 to lead inter
ested students in singing and learn
ing Spanish songs.
Senor Cobos of the Spanish De
partment will be at Casa Espariola
tonight from 7 to 7:45 to lead inter
ested students in singing and learn
ing Spanish songs.
Senor Cobos of the Spanish De
partment will be at Casa Espariola
tonight from 7 to 7:45 to lead inter
ested students in singing and learn
ing Spanish songs.
Senor Cobos of the Spanish De
partment will be at Casa Espariola
tonight from 7 to 7:45 to lead inter
ested students in singing and learn
ing Spanish songs.
Senor Cobos of the Spanish De
partment will be at Casa Espariola
tonight from 7 to 7:45 to lead inter
ested students in singing and learn
ing Spanish songs.
Senor Cobos of the Spanish De
partment will be at Casa Espariola
tonight from 7 to 7:45 to lead inter
ested students in singing and learn
ing Spanish songs.
Senor Cobos of the Spanish De
partment will be at Casa Espariola
tonight from 7 to 7:45 to lead inter
ested students in singing and learn
ing Spanish songs.
Senor Cobos of the Spanish De
partment will be at Casa Espariola
tonight from 7 to 7:45 to lead inter
ested students in singing and learn
ing Spanish songs.
Senor Cobos of the Spanish De
partment will be at Casa Espariola
tonight from 7 to 7:45 to lead inter
ested students in singing and learn
ing Spanish songs.
Senor Cobos of the Spanish De
partment will be at Casa Espariola
tonight from 7 to 7:45 to lead inter
ested students in singing and learn
ing Spanish songs.
Senor Cobos of the Spanish De
partment will be at Casa Espariola
tonight from 7 to 7:45 to lead inter
ested students in singing and learn
ing Spanish songs.
Senor Cobos of the Spanish De
partment will be at Casa Espariola
tonight from 7 to 7:45 to lead inter
ested students in singing and learn
ing Spanish songs.
Senor Cobos of the Spanish De
partment will be at Casa Espariola
tonight from 7 to 7:45 to lead inter
ested students in singing and learn
ing Spanish songs.
