# Watch It, Boys! Don't Miss!
## 
### 
Four worried-looking water skiers go through
one of many stunts to be performed Sunday at
the Hyrlrofollies on Inkp Laqunita flic Pol

lies inaugurate Con Home Week, part of a
campus-wide fund raising drive for ihe Stan
ford Convrtlpsront Homn

Four worried-looking water skiers go through
one of many stunts to be performed Sunday at
the Hyrlrofollies on Inkp Laqunita flic Pol

lies inaugurate Con Home Week, part of a
campus-wide fund raising drive for ihe Stan
ford Convrtlpsront Homn

Four worried-looking water skiers go through
one of many stunts to be performed Sunday at
the Hyrlrofollies on Inkp Laqunita flic Pol

lies inaugurate Con Home Week, part of a
campus-wide fund raising drive for ihe Stan
ford Convrtlpsront Homn

Four worried-looking water skiers go through
one of many stunts to be performed Sunday at
the Hyrlrofollies on Inkp Laqunita flic Pol

lies inaugurate Con Home Week, part of a
campus-wide fund raising drive for ihe Stan
ford Convrtlpsront Homn

Four worried-looking water skiers go through
one of many stunts to be performed Sunday at
the Hyrlrofollies on Inkp Laqunita flic Pol

lies inaugurate Con Home Week, part of a
campus-wide fund raising drive for ihe Stan
ford Convrtlpsront Homn

Four worried-looking water skiers go through
one of many stunts to be performed Sunday at
the Hyrlrofollies on Inkp Laqunita flic Pol

lies inaugurate Con Home Week, part of a
campus-wide fund raising drive for ihe Stan
ford Convrtlpsront Homn

Four worried-looking water skiers go through
one of many stunts to be performed Sunday at
the Hyrlrofollies on Inkp Laqunita flic Pol

lies inaugurate Con Home Week, part of a
campus-wide fund raising drive for ihe Stan
ford Convrtlpsront Homn

Four worried-looking water skiers go through
one of many stunts to be performed Sunday at
the Hyrlrofollies on Inkp Laqunita flic Pol

lies inaugurate Con Home Week, part of a
campus-wide fund raising drive for ihe Stan
ford Convrtlpsront Homn

Four worried-looking water skiers go through
one of many stunts to be performed Sunday at
the Hyrlrofollies on Inkp Laqunita flic Pol

lies inaugurate Con Home Week, part of a
campus-wide fund raising drive for ihe Stan
ford Convrtlpsront Homn

Four worried-looking water skiers go through
one of many stunts to be performed Sunday at
the Hyrlrofollies on Inkp Laqunita flic Pol

lies inaugurate Con Home Week, part of a
campus-wide fund raising drive for ihe Stan
ford Convrtlpsront Homn

Four worried-looking water skiers go through
one of many stunts to be performed Sunday at
the Hyrlrofollies on Inkp Laqunita flic Pol

lies inaugurate Con Home Week, part of a
campus-wide fund raising drive for ihe Stan
ford Convrtlpsront Homn

Four worried-looking water skiers go through
one of many stunts to be performed Sunday at
the Hyrlrofollies on Inkp Laqunita flic Pol

lies inaugurate Con Home Week, part of a
campus-wide fund raising drive for ihe Stan
ford Convrtlpsront Homn

Four worried-looking water skiers go through
one of many stunts to be performed Sunday at
the Hyrlrofollies on Inkp Laqunita flic Pol

lies inaugurate Con Home Week, part of a
campus-wide fund raising drive for ihe Stan
ford Convrtlpsront Homn

Four worried-looking water skiers go through
one of many stunts to be performed Sunday at
the Hyrlrofollies on Inkp Laqunita flic Pol

lies inaugurate Con Home Week, part of a
campus-wide fund raising drive for ihe Stan
ford Convrtlpsront Homn

Four worried-looking water skiers go through
one of many stunts to be performed Sunday at
the Hyrlrofollies on Inkp Laqunita flic Pol

lies inaugurate Con Home Week, part of a
campus-wide fund raising drive for ihe Stan
ford Convrtlpsront Homn

