# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Colonel William Pietsch addresses an audience
of 500 students in White Memorial Plaza sup
porting the Vietnam Defense Committee.

Colonel Pietsch has made several tours of
Southeast Asia and is now a graduate student
working for his doctorate in communications.

Colonel William Pietsch addresses an audience
of 500 students in White Memorial Plaza sup
porting the Vietnam Defense Committee.

Colonel Pietsch has made several tours of
Southeast Asia and is now a graduate student
working for his doctorate in communications.

Colonel William Pietsch addresses an audience
of 500 students in White Memorial Plaza sup
porting the Vietnam Defense Committee.

Colonel Pietsch has made several tours of
Southeast Asia and is now a graduate student
working for his doctorate in communications.

Colonel William Pietsch addresses an audience
of 500 students in White Memorial Plaza sup
porting the Vietnam Defense Committee.

Colonel Pietsch has made several tours of
Southeast Asia and is now a graduate student
working for his doctorate in communications.

Colonel William Pietsch addresses an audience
of 500 students in White Memorial Plaza sup
porting the Vietnam Defense Committee.

Colonel Pietsch has made several tours of
Southeast Asia and is now a graduate student
working for his doctorate in communications.

Colonel William Pietsch addresses an audience
of 500 students in White Memorial Plaza sup
porting the Vietnam Defense Committee.

Colonel Pietsch has made several tours of
Southeast Asia and is now a graduate student
working for his doctorate in communications.

Colonel William Pietsch addresses an audience
of 500 students in White Memorial Plaza sup
porting the Vietnam Defense Committee.

Colonel Pietsch has made several tours of
Southeast Asia and is now a graduate student
working for his doctorate in communications.

Colonel William Pietsch addresses an audience
of 500 students in White Memorial Plaza sup
porting the Vietnam Defense Committee.

Colonel Pietsch has made several tours of
Southeast Asia and is now a graduate student
working for his doctorate in communications.

Colonel William Pietsch addresses an audience
of 500 students in White Memorial Plaza sup
porting the Vietnam Defense Committee.

Colonel Pietsch has made several tours of
Southeast Asia and is now a graduate student
working for his doctorate in communications.

Colonel William Pietsch addresses an audience
of 500 students in White Memorial Plaza sup
porting the Vietnam Defense Committee.

Colonel Pietsch has made several tours of
Southeast Asia and is now a graduate student
working for his doctorate in communications.

Colonel William Pietsch addresses an audience
of 500 students in White Memorial Plaza sup
porting the Vietnam Defense Committee.

Colonel Pietsch has made several tours of
Southeast Asia and is now a graduate student
working for his doctorate in communications.

Colonel William Pietsch addresses an audience
of 500 students in White Memorial Plaza sup
porting the Vietnam Defense Committee.

Colonel Pietsch has made several tours of
Southeast Asia and is now a graduate student
working for his doctorate in communications.

Colonel William Pietsch addresses an audience
of 500 students in White Memorial Plaza sup
porting the Vietnam Defense Committee.

Colonel Pietsch has made several tours of
Southeast Asia and is now a graduate student
working for his doctorate in communications.

Colonel William Pietsch addresses an audience
of 500 students in White Memorial Plaza sup
porting the Vietnam Defense Committee.

Colonel Pietsch has made several tours of
Southeast Asia and is now a graduate student
working for his doctorate in communications.

Colonel William Pietsch addresses an audience
of 500 students in White Memorial Plaza sup
porting the Vietnam Defense Committee.

Colonel Pietsch has made several tours of
Southeast Asia and is now a graduate student
working for his doctorate in communications.
