# Maloney Starts Soccer Practice
## 
### 
Soccer Coach Harry Maloney an
nounced today that spring practice
for soccer would begin next week.
The practice days will be Monday,
Wednesday, and Thursday, and the
time will be 4:15.
A total of 58 men have already
signed up for this sport and thus
giving Maloney a large field to
choose from to replace the 14 grad
uating lettermen.
Soccer Coach Harry Maloney an
nounced today that spring practice
for soccer would begin next week.
The practice days will be Monday,
Wednesday, and Thursday, and the
time will be 4:15.
A total of 58 men have already
signed up for this sport and thus
giving Maloney a large field to
choose from to replace the 14 grad
uating lettermen.
Soccer Coach Harry Maloney an
nounced today that spring practice
for soccer would begin next week.
The practice days will be Monday,
Wednesday, and Thursday, and the
time will be 4:15.
A total of 58 men have already
signed up for this sport and thus
giving Maloney a large field to
choose from to replace the 14 grad
uating lettermen.
Soccer Coach Harry Maloney an
nounced today that spring practice
for soccer would begin next week.
The practice days will be Monday,
Wednesday, and Thursday, and the
time will be 4:15.
A total of 58 men have already
signed up for this sport and thus
giving Maloney a large field to
choose from to replace the 14 grad
uating lettermen.
Soccer Coach Harry Maloney an
nounced today that spring practice
for soccer would begin next week.
The practice days will be Monday,
Wednesday, and Thursday, and the
time will be 4:15.
A total of 58 men have already
signed up for this sport and thus
giving Maloney a large field to
choose from to replace the 14 grad
uating lettermen.
Soccer Coach Harry Maloney an
nounced today that spring practice
for soccer would begin next week.
The practice days will be Monday,
Wednesday, and Thursday, and the
time will be 4:15.
A total of 58 men have already
signed up for this sport and thus
giving Maloney a large field to
choose from to replace the 14 grad
uating lettermen.
Soccer Coach Harry Maloney an
nounced today that spring practice
for soccer would begin next week.
The practice days will be Monday,
Wednesday, and Thursday, and the
time will be 4:15.
A total of 58 men have already
signed up for this sport and thus
giving Maloney a large field to
choose from to replace the 14 grad
uating lettermen.
Soccer Coach Harry Maloney an
nounced today that spring practice
for soccer would begin next week.
The practice days will be Monday,
Wednesday, and Thursday, and the
time will be 4:15.
A total of 58 men have already
signed up for this sport and thus
giving Maloney a large field to
choose from to replace the 14 grad
uating lettermen.
Soccer Coach Harry Maloney an
nounced today that spring practice
for soccer would begin next week.
The practice days will be Monday,
Wednesday, and Thursday, and the
time will be 4:15.
A total of 58 men have already
signed up for this sport and thus
giving Maloney a large field to
choose from to replace the 14 grad
uating lettermen.
Soccer Coach Harry Maloney an
nounced today that spring practice
for soccer would begin next week.
The practice days will be Monday,
Wednesday, and Thursday, and the
time will be 4:15.
A total of 58 men have already
signed up for this sport and thus
giving Maloney a large field to
choose from to replace the 14 grad
uating lettermen.
Soccer Coach Harry Maloney an
nounced today that spring practice
for soccer would begin next week.
The practice days will be Monday,
Wednesday, and Thursday, and the
time will be 4:15.
A total of 58 men have already
signed up for this sport and thus
giving Maloney a large field to
choose from to replace the 14 grad
uating lettermen.
Soccer Coach Harry Maloney an
nounced today that spring practice
for soccer would begin next week.
The practice days will be Monday,
Wednesday, and Thursday, and the
time will be 4:15.
A total of 58 men have already
signed up for this sport and thus
giving Maloney a large field to
choose from to replace the 14 grad
uating lettermen.
Soccer Coach Harry Maloney an
nounced today that spring practice
for soccer would begin next week.
The practice days will be Monday,
Wednesday, and Thursday, and the
time will be 4:15.
A total of 58 men have already
signed up for this sport and thus
giving Maloney a large field to
choose from to replace the 14 grad
uating lettermen.
Soccer Coach Harry Maloney an
nounced today that spring practice
for soccer would begin next week.
The practice days will be Monday,
Wednesday, and Thursday, and the
time will be 4:15.
A total of 58 men have already
signed up for this sport and thus
giving Maloney a large field to
choose from to replace the 14 grad
uating lettermen.
Soccer Coach Harry Maloney an
nounced today that spring practice
for soccer would begin next week.
The practice days will be Monday,
Wednesday, and Thursday, and the
time will be 4:15.
A total of 58 men have already
signed up for this sport and thus
giving Maloney a large field to
choose from to replace the 14 grad
uating lettermen.
Soccer Coach Harry Maloney an
nounced today that spring practice
for soccer would begin next week.
The practice days will be Monday,
Wednesday, and Thursday, and the
time will be 4:15.
A total of 58 men have already
signed up for this sport and thus
giving Maloney a large field to
choose from to replace the 14 grad
uating lettermen.
Soccer Coach Harry Maloney an
nounced today that spring practice
for soccer would begin next week.
The practice days will be Monday,
Wednesday, and Thursday, and the
time will be 4:15.
A total of 58 men have already
signed up for this sport and thus
giving Maloney a large field to
choose from to replace the 14 grad
uating lettermen.
