# Chappie Sets Date For Copy Deadline
## 
### 
Deadline for copy for the May
Chaparral has been set for April 15
by Bert Rosenfeld. associate editor
of Chappie. Composite theme of the
issue, he announced, will be spring
and politics.
Poetry, short essays, stories, sat
ires are wanted, he said, and added
that new talent is always welcome.
The last issue of Chappie, the June
number, will come out during the
week before finals.
Deadline for copy for the May
Chaparral has been set for April 15
by Bert Rosenfeld. associate editor
of Chappie. Composite theme of the
issue, he announced, will be spring
and politics.
Poetry, short essays, stories, sat
ires are wanted, he said, and added
that new talent is always welcome.
The last issue of Chappie, the June
number, will come out during the
week before finals.
Deadline for copy for the May
Chaparral has been set for April 15
by Bert Rosenfeld. associate editor
of Chappie. Composite theme of the
issue, he announced, will be spring
and politics.
Poetry, short essays, stories, sat
ires are wanted, he said, and added
that new talent is always welcome.
The last issue of Chappie, the June
number, will come out during the
week before finals.
Deadline for copy for the May
Chaparral has been set for April 15
by Bert Rosenfeld. associate editor
of Chappie. Composite theme of the
issue, he announced, will be spring
and politics.
Poetry, short essays, stories, sat
ires are wanted, he said, and added
that new talent is always welcome.
The last issue of Chappie, the June
number, will come out during the
week before finals.
Deadline for copy for the May
Chaparral has been set for April 15
by Bert Rosenfeld. associate editor
of Chappie. Composite theme of the
issue, he announced, will be spring
and politics.
Poetry, short essays, stories, sat
ires are wanted, he said, and added
that new talent is always welcome.
The last issue of Chappie, the June
number, will come out during the
week before finals.
Deadline for copy for the May
Chaparral has been set for April 15
by Bert Rosenfeld. associate editor
of Chappie. Composite theme of the
issue, he announced, will be spring
and politics.
Poetry, short essays, stories, sat
ires are wanted, he said, and added
that new talent is always welcome.
The last issue of Chappie, the June
number, will come out during the
week before finals.
Deadline for copy for the May
Chaparral has been set for April 15
by Bert Rosenfeld. associate editor
of Chappie. Composite theme of the
issue, he announced, will be spring
and politics.
Poetry, short essays, stories, sat
ires are wanted, he said, and added
that new talent is always welcome.
The last issue of Chappie, the June
number, will come out during the
week before finals.
Deadline for copy for the May
Chaparral has been set for April 15
by Bert Rosenfeld. associate editor
of Chappie. Composite theme of the
issue, he announced, will be spring
and politics.
Poetry, short essays, stories, sat
ires are wanted, he said, and added
that new talent is always welcome.
The last issue of Chappie, the June
number, will come out during the
week before finals.
Deadline for copy for the May
Chaparral has been set for April 15
by Bert Rosenfeld. associate editor
of Chappie. Composite theme of the
issue, he announced, will be spring
and politics.
Poetry, short essays, stories, sat
ires are wanted, he said, and added
that new talent is always welcome.
The last issue of Chappie, the June
number, will come out during the
week before finals.
Deadline for copy for the May
Chaparral has been set for April 15
by Bert Rosenfeld. associate editor
of Chappie. Composite theme of the
issue, he announced, will be spring
and politics.
Poetry, short essays, stories, sat
ires are wanted, he said, and added
that new talent is always welcome.
The last issue of Chappie, the June
number, will come out during the
week before finals.
Deadline for copy for the May
Chaparral has been set for April 15
by Bert Rosenfeld. associate editor
of Chappie. Composite theme of the
issue, he announced, will be spring
and politics.
Poetry, short essays, stories, sat
ires are wanted, he said, and added
that new talent is always welcome.
The last issue of Chappie, the June
number, will come out during the
week before finals.
Deadline for copy for the May
Chaparral has been set for April 15
by Bert Rosenfeld. associate editor
of Chappie. Composite theme of the
issue, he announced, will be spring
and politics.
Poetry, short essays, stories, sat
ires are wanted, he said, and added
that new talent is always welcome.
The last issue of Chappie, the June
number, will come out during the
week before finals.
Deadline for copy for the May
Chaparral has been set for April 15
by Bert Rosenfeld. associate editor
of Chappie. Composite theme of the
issue, he announced, will be spring
and politics.
Poetry, short essays, stories, sat
ires are wanted, he said, and added
that new talent is always welcome.
The last issue of Chappie, the June
number, will come out during the
week before finals.
Deadline for copy for the May
Chaparral has been set for April 15
by Bert Rosenfeld. associate editor
of Chappie. Composite theme of the
issue, he announced, will be spring
and politics.
Poetry, short essays, stories, sat
ires are wanted, he said, and added
that new talent is always welcome.
The last issue of Chappie, the June
number, will come out during the
week before finals.
Deadline for copy for the May
Chaparral has been set for April 15
by Bert Rosenfeld. associate editor
of Chappie. Composite theme of the
issue, he announced, will be spring
and politics.
Poetry, short essays, stories, sat
ires are wanted, he said, and added
that new talent is always welcome.
The last issue of Chappie, the June
number, will come out during the
week before finals.
Deadline for copy for the May
Chaparral has been set for April 15
by Bert Rosenfeld. associate editor
of Chappie. Composite theme of the
issue, he announced, will be spring
and politics.
Poetry, short essays, stories, sat
ires are wanted, he said, and added
that new talent is always welcome.
The last issue of Chappie, the June
number, will come out during the
week before finals.
Deadline for copy for the May
Chaparral has been set for April 15
by Bert Rosenfeld. associate editor
of Chappie. Composite theme of the
issue, he announced, will be spring
and politics.
Poetry, short essays, stories, sat
ires are wanted, he said, and added
that new talent is always welcome.
The last issue of Chappie, the June
number, will come out during the
week before finals.
