# Frosh Debate Men To Meet S.J. State
## 
### 
Debating on the subject, "Re
solved, "That the fraternity initia
tions should be abolished," Jim Fro
lik and Denny Green will meet the
San Jose State frosh forensic men
tomorrow at 5 o'clock over KROW.
Frolik and Green will uphold the
affirmative. Coach E. B. Mortensen
will accompany the debaters to Oak
land for the contest.
Debating on the subject, "Re
solved, "That the fraternity initia
tions should be abolished," Jim Fro
lik and Denny Green will meet the
San Jose State frosh forensic men
tomorrow at 5 o'clock over KROW.
Frolik and Green will uphold the
affirmative. Coach E. B. Mortensen
will accompany the debaters to Oak
land for the contest.
Debating on the subject, "Re
solved, "That the fraternity initia
tions should be abolished," Jim Fro
lik and Denny Green will meet the
San Jose State frosh forensic men
tomorrow at 5 o'clock over KROW.
Frolik and Green will uphold the
affirmative. Coach E. B. Mortensen
will accompany the debaters to Oak
land for the contest.
Debating on the subject, "Re
solved, "That the fraternity initia
tions should be abolished," Jim Fro
lik and Denny Green will meet the
San Jose State frosh forensic men
tomorrow at 5 o'clock over KROW.
Frolik and Green will uphold the
affirmative. Coach E. B. Mortensen
will accompany the debaters to Oak
land for the contest.
Debating on the subject, "Re
solved, "That the fraternity initia
tions should be abolished," Jim Fro
lik and Denny Green will meet the
San Jose State frosh forensic men
tomorrow at 5 o'clock over KROW.
Frolik and Green will uphold the
affirmative. Coach E. B. Mortensen
will accompany the debaters to Oak
land for the contest.
Debating on the subject, "Re
solved, "That the fraternity initia
tions should be abolished," Jim Fro
lik and Denny Green will meet the
San Jose State frosh forensic men
tomorrow at 5 o'clock over KROW.
Frolik and Green will uphold the
affirmative. Coach E. B. Mortensen
will accompany the debaters to Oak
land for the contest.
Debating on the subject, "Re
solved, "That the fraternity initia
tions should be abolished," Jim Fro
lik and Denny Green will meet the
San Jose State frosh forensic men
tomorrow at 5 o'clock over KROW.
Frolik and Green will uphold the
affirmative. Coach E. B. Mortensen
will accompany the debaters to Oak
land for the contest.
Debating on the subject, "Re
solved, "That the fraternity initia
tions should be abolished," Jim Fro
lik and Denny Green will meet the
San Jose State frosh forensic men
tomorrow at 5 o'clock over KROW.
Frolik and Green will uphold the
affirmative. Coach E. B. Mortensen
will accompany the debaters to Oak
land for the contest.
Debating on the subject, "Re
solved, "That the fraternity initia
tions should be abolished," Jim Fro
lik and Denny Green will meet the
San Jose State frosh forensic men
tomorrow at 5 o'clock over KROW.
Frolik and Green will uphold the
affirmative. Coach E. B. Mortensen
will accompany the debaters to Oak
land for the contest.
Debating on the subject, "Re
solved, "That the fraternity initia
tions should be abolished," Jim Fro
lik and Denny Green will meet the
San Jose State frosh forensic men
tomorrow at 5 o'clock over KROW.
Frolik and Green will uphold the
affirmative. Coach E. B. Mortensen
will accompany the debaters to Oak
land for the contest.
Debating on the subject, "Re
solved, "That the fraternity initia
tions should be abolished," Jim Fro
lik and Denny Green will meet the
San Jose State frosh forensic men
tomorrow at 5 o'clock over KROW.
Frolik and Green will uphold the
affirmative. Coach E. B. Mortensen
will accompany the debaters to Oak
land for the contest.
Debating on the subject, "Re
solved, "That the fraternity initia
tions should be abolished," Jim Fro
lik and Denny Green will meet the
San Jose State frosh forensic men
tomorrow at 5 o'clock over KROW.
Frolik and Green will uphold the
affirmative. Coach E. B. Mortensen
will accompany the debaters to Oak
land for the contest.
Debating on the subject, "Re
solved, "That the fraternity initia
tions should be abolished," Jim Fro
lik and Denny Green will meet the
San Jose State frosh forensic men
tomorrow at 5 o'clock over KROW.
Frolik and Green will uphold the
affirmative. Coach E. B. Mortensen
will accompany the debaters to Oak
land for the contest.
Debating on the subject, "Re
solved, "That the fraternity initia
tions should be abolished," Jim Fro
lik and Denny Green will meet the
San Jose State frosh forensic men
tomorrow at 5 o'clock over KROW.
Frolik and Green will uphold the
affirmative. Coach E. B. Mortensen
will accompany the debaters to Oak
land for the contest.
Debating on the subject, "Re
solved, "That the fraternity initia
tions should be abolished," Jim Fro
lik and Denny Green will meet the
San Jose State frosh forensic men
tomorrow at 5 o'clock over KROW.
Frolik and Green will uphold the
affirmative. Coach E. B. Mortensen
will accompany the debaters to Oak
land for the contest.
Debating on the subject, "Re
solved, "That the fraternity initia
tions should be abolished," Jim Fro
lik and Denny Green will meet the
San Jose State frosh forensic men
tomorrow at 5 o'clock over KROW.
Frolik and Green will uphold the
affirmative. Coach E. B. Mortensen
will accompany the debaters to Oak
land for the contest.
Debating on the subject, "Re
solved, "That the fraternity initia
tions should be abolished," Jim Fro
lik and Denny Green will meet the
San Jose State frosh forensic men
tomorrow at 5 o'clock over KROW.
Frolik and Green will uphold the
affirmative. Coach E. B. Mortensen
will accompany the debaters to Oak
land for the contest.
