# PRETTY CAL HITCH HIKERS
## 
### 

WINSTON lIILL, left, and Belly Johnson of University of California
have smiles that will make tongh competition for U. C. and Fresno
Stale men who are entered with them in a novel hitch hike race to
Seattle and back to Berkeley. Tlu* stunt is being sponsored by the
newly formed Thumb Waggers Association.

WINSTON lIILL, left, and Belly Johnson of University of California
have smiles that will make tongh competition for U. C. and Fresno
Stale men who are entered with them in a novel hitch hike race to
Seattle and back to Berkeley. Tlu* stunt is being sponsored by the
newly formed Thumb Waggers Association.

WINSTON lIILL, left, and Belly Johnson of University of California
have smiles that will make tongh competition for U. C. and Fresno
Stale men who are entered with them in a novel hitch hike race to
Seattle and back to Berkeley. Tlu* stunt is being sponsored by the
newly formed Thumb Waggers Association.

WINSTON lIILL, left, and Belly Johnson of University of California
have smiles that will make tongh competition for U. C. and Fresno
Stale men who are entered with them in a novel hitch hike race to
Seattle and back to Berkeley. Tlu* stunt is being sponsored by the
newly formed Thumb Waggers Association.

WINSTON lIILL, left, and Belly Johnson of University of California
have smiles that will make tongh competition for U. C. and Fresno
Stale men who are entered with them in a novel hitch hike race to
Seattle and back to Berkeley. Tlu* stunt is being sponsored by the
newly formed Thumb Waggers Association.

WINSTON lIILL, left, and Belly Johnson of University of California
have smiles that will make tongh competition for U. C. and Fresno
Stale men who are entered with them in a novel hitch hike race to
Seattle and back to Berkeley. Tlu* stunt is being sponsored by the
newly formed Thumb Waggers Association.

WINSTON lIILL, left, and Belly Johnson of University of California
have smiles that will make tongh competition for U. C. and Fresno
Stale men who are entered with them in a novel hitch hike race to
Seattle and back to Berkeley. Tlu* stunt is being sponsored by the
newly formed Thumb Waggers Association.

WINSTON lIILL, left, and Belly Johnson of University of California
have smiles that will make tongh competition for U. C. and Fresno
Stale men who are entered with them in a novel hitch hike race to
Seattle and back to Berkeley. Tlu* stunt is being sponsored by the
newly formed Thumb Waggers Association.

WINSTON lIILL, left, and Belly Johnson of University of California
have smiles that will make tongh competition for U. C. and Fresno
Stale men who are entered with them in a novel hitch hike race to
Seattle and back to Berkeley. Tlu* stunt is being sponsored by the
newly formed Thumb Waggers Association.

WINSTON lIILL, left, and Belly Johnson of University of California
have smiles that will make tongh competition for U. C. and Fresno
Stale men who are entered with them in a novel hitch hike race to
Seattle and back to Berkeley. Tlu* stunt is being sponsored by the
newly formed Thumb Waggers Association.

WINSTON lIILL, left, and Belly Johnson of University of California
have smiles that will make tongh competition for U. C. and Fresno
Stale men who are entered with them in a novel hitch hike race to
Seattle and back to Berkeley. Tlu* stunt is being sponsored by the
newly formed Thumb Waggers Association.

WINSTON lIILL, left, and Belly Johnson of University of California
have smiles that will make tongh competition for U. C. and Fresno
Stale men who are entered with them in a novel hitch hike race to
Seattle and back to Berkeley. Tlu* stunt is being sponsored by the
newly formed Thumb Waggers Association.

WINSTON lIILL, left, and Belly Johnson of University of California
have smiles that will make tongh competition for U. C. and Fresno
Stale men who are entered with them in a novel hitch hike race to
Seattle and back to Berkeley. Tlu* stunt is being sponsored by the
newly formed Thumb Waggers Association.

WINSTON lIILL, left, and Belly Johnson of University of California
have smiles that will make tongh competition for U. C. and Fresno
Stale men who are entered with them in a novel hitch hike race to
Seattle and back to Berkeley. Tlu* stunt is being sponsored by the
newly formed Thumb Waggers Association.

WINSTON lIILL, left, and Belly Johnson of University of California
have smiles that will make tongh competition for U. C. and Fresno
Stale men who are entered with them in a novel hitch hike race to
Seattle and back to Berkeley. Tlu* stunt is being sponsored by the
newly formed Thumb Waggers Association.

WINSTON lIILL, left, and Belly Johnson of University of California
have smiles that will make tongh competition for U. C. and Fresno
Stale men who are entered with them in a novel hitch hike race to
Seattle and back to Berkeley. Tlu* stunt is being sponsored by the
newly formed Thumb Waggers Association.

WINSTON lIILL, left, and Belly Johnson of University of California
have smiles that will make tongh competition for U. C. and Fresno
Stale men who are entered with them in a novel hitch hike race to
Seattle and back to Berkeley. Tlu* stunt is being sponsored by the
newly formed Thumb Waggers Association.
