# Phillips to Head 'Y' for 1940-41
## 
### 
Martha Phillips, Lagunita junior,
was elected president of the Stan
ford Y.W.C.A. for 1940-41 in the
Y's annual election held yesterday,
according to an announcement made
late last night by Ann McGuigun,
chairman of the vote-counting com
mittee.
Other new officers arc Helen
Johnson, vice-president; Bessie
Paulson, secretary; and Martha Van
Fleet, treasurer. Officers will take
over their duties immediately.
Martha Phillips, Lagunita junior,
was elected president of the Stan
ford Y.W.C.A. for 1940-41 in the
Y's annual election held yesterday,
according to an announcement made
late last night by Ann McGuigun,
chairman of the vote-counting com
mittee.
Other new officers arc Helen
Johnson, vice-president; Bessie
Paulson, secretary; and Martha Van
Fleet, treasurer. Officers will take
over their duties immediately.
Martha Phillips, Lagunita junior,
was elected president of the Stan
ford Y.W.C.A. for 1940-41 in the
Y's annual election held yesterday,
according to an announcement made
late last night by Ann McGuigun,
chairman of the vote-counting com
mittee.
Other new officers arc Helen
Johnson, vice-president; Bessie
Paulson, secretary; and Martha Van
Fleet, treasurer. Officers will take
over their duties immediately.
Martha Phillips, Lagunita junior,
was elected president of the Stan
ford Y.W.C.A. for 1940-41 in the
Y's annual election held yesterday,
according to an announcement made
late last night by Ann McGuigun,
chairman of the vote-counting com
mittee.
Other new officers arc Helen
Johnson, vice-president; Bessie
Paulson, secretary; and Martha Van
Fleet, treasurer. Officers will take
over their duties immediately.
Martha Phillips, Lagunita junior,
was elected president of the Stan
ford Y.W.C.A. for 1940-41 in the
Y's annual election held yesterday,
according to an announcement made
late last night by Ann McGuigun,
chairman of the vote-counting com
mittee.
Other new officers arc Helen
Johnson, vice-president; Bessie
Paulson, secretary; and Martha Van
Fleet, treasurer. Officers will take
over their duties immediately.
Martha Phillips, Lagunita junior,
was elected president of the Stan
ford Y.W.C.A. for 1940-41 in the
Y's annual election held yesterday,
according to an announcement made
late last night by Ann McGuigun,
chairman of the vote-counting com
mittee.
Other new officers arc Helen
Johnson, vice-president; Bessie
Paulson, secretary; and Martha Van
Fleet, treasurer. Officers will take
over their duties immediately.
Martha Phillips, Lagunita junior,
was elected president of the Stan
ford Y.W.C.A. for 1940-41 in the
Y's annual election held yesterday,
according to an announcement made
late last night by Ann McGuigun,
chairman of the vote-counting com
mittee.
Other new officers arc Helen
Johnson, vice-president; Bessie
Paulson, secretary; and Martha Van
Fleet, treasurer. Officers will take
over their duties immediately.
Martha Phillips, Lagunita junior,
was elected president of the Stan
ford Y.W.C.A. for 1940-41 in the
Y's annual election held yesterday,
according to an announcement made
late last night by Ann McGuigun,
chairman of the vote-counting com
mittee.
Other new officers arc Helen
Johnson, vice-president; Bessie
Paulson, secretary; and Martha Van
Fleet, treasurer. Officers will take
over their duties immediately.
Martha Phillips, Lagunita junior,
was elected president of the Stan
ford Y.W.C.A. for 1940-41 in the
Y's annual election held yesterday,
according to an announcement made
late last night by Ann McGuigun,
chairman of the vote-counting com
mittee.
Other new officers arc Helen
Johnson, vice-president; Bessie
Paulson, secretary; and Martha Van
Fleet, treasurer. Officers will take
over their duties immediately.
Martha Phillips, Lagunita junior,
was elected president of the Stan
ford Y.W.C.A. for 1940-41 in the
Y's annual election held yesterday,
according to an announcement made
late last night by Ann McGuigun,
chairman of the vote-counting com
mittee.
Other new officers arc Helen
Johnson, vice-president; Bessie
Paulson, secretary; and Martha Van
Fleet, treasurer. Officers will take
over their duties immediately.
Martha Phillips, Lagunita junior,
was elected president of the Stan
ford Y.W.C.A. for 1940-41 in the
Y's annual election held yesterday,
according to an announcement made
late last night by Ann McGuigun,
chairman of the vote-counting com
mittee.
Other new officers arc Helen
Johnson, vice-president; Bessie
Paulson, secretary; and Martha Van
Fleet, treasurer. Officers will take
over their duties immediately.
Martha Phillips, Lagunita junior,
was elected president of the Stan
ford Y.W.C.A. for 1940-41 in the
Y's annual election held yesterday,
according to an announcement made
late last night by Ann McGuigun,
chairman of the vote-counting com
mittee.
Other new officers arc Helen
Johnson, vice-president; Bessie
Paulson, secretary; and Martha Van
Fleet, treasurer. Officers will take
over their duties immediately.
Martha Phillips, Lagunita junior,
was elected president of the Stan
ford Y.W.C.A. for 1940-41 in the
Y's annual election held yesterday,
according to an announcement made
late last night by Ann McGuigun,
chairman of the vote-counting com
mittee.
Other new officers arc Helen
Johnson, vice-president; Bessie
Paulson, secretary; and Martha Van
Fleet, treasurer. Officers will take
over their duties immediately.
Martha Phillips, Lagunita junior,
was elected president of the Stan
ford Y.W.C.A. for 1940-41 in the
Y's annual election held yesterday,
according to an announcement made
late last night by Ann McGuigun,
chairman of the vote-counting com
mittee.
Other new officers arc Helen
Johnson, vice-president; Bessie
Paulson, secretary; and Martha Van
Fleet, treasurer. Officers will take
over their duties immediately.
Martha Phillips, Lagunita junior,
was elected president of the Stan
ford Y.W.C.A. for 1940-41 in the
Y's annual election held yesterday,
according to an announcement made
late last night by Ann McGuigun,
chairman of the vote-counting com
mittee.
Other new officers arc Helen
Johnson, vice-president; Bessie
Paulson, secretary; and Martha Van
Fleet, treasurer. Officers will take
over their duties immediately.
Martha Phillips, Lagunita junior,
was elected president of the Stan
ford Y.W.C.A. for 1940-41 in the
Y's annual election held yesterday,
according to an announcement made
late last night by Ann McGuigun,
chairman of the vote-counting com
mittee.
Other new officers arc Helen
Johnson, vice-president; Bessie
Paulson, secretary; and Martha Van
Fleet, treasurer. Officers will take
over their duties immediately.
Martha Phillips, Lagunita junior,
was elected president of the Stan
ford Y.W.C.A. for 1940-41 in the
Y's annual election held yesterday,
according to an announcement made
late last night by Ann McGuigun,
chairman of the vote-counting com
mittee.
Other new officers arc Helen
Johnson, vice-president; Bessie
Paulson, secretary; and Martha Van
Fleet, treasurer. Officers will take
over their duties immediately.
