# TWO STANFORD PROFS PREPARE TO LEAVE FOR KENNEDY INAUGURAL
## 
### 
Drs. Joshua Lederberg and Arthur Kornberg, both of the Med School, are among the 155
leading figures in the arts and sciences whom President-elect John F. Kennedy invited to
his inaugural ceremonies Jan. 19 and 20 "in recognition of their importance." The profes
sors and their wives will fly to Washington this afternoon. Invitational telegrams were
sent to the persons "who have been judged to be the most creative, eminent and world
renowned in the arts, sciences and humanities," a spokesman said. Lederberg commented
"In attending I feel I will be representing my colleagues at Stanford, other universities."


Drs. Joshua Lederberg and Arthur Kornberg, both of the Med School, are among the 155
leading figures in the arts and sciences whom President-elect John F. Kennedy invited to
his inaugural ceremonies Jan. 19 and 20 "in recognition of their importance." The profes
sors and their wives will fly to Washington this afternoon. Invitational telegrams were
sent to the persons "who have been judged to be the most creative, eminent and world
renowned in the arts, sciences and humanities," a spokesman said. Lederberg commented
"In attending I feel I will be representing my colleagues at Stanford, other universities."


Drs. Joshua Lederberg and Arthur Kornberg, both of the Med School, are among the 155
leading figures in the arts and sciences whom President-elect John F. Kennedy invited to
his inaugural ceremonies Jan. 19 and 20 "in recognition of their importance." The profes
sors and their wives will fly to Washington this afternoon. Invitational telegrams were
sent to the persons "who have been judged to be the most creative, eminent and world
renowned in the arts, sciences and humanities," a spokesman said. Lederberg commented
"In attending I feel I will be representing my colleagues at Stanford, other universities."


Drs. Joshua Lederberg and Arthur Kornberg, both of the Med School, are among the 155
leading figures in the arts and sciences whom President-elect John F. Kennedy invited to
his inaugural ceremonies Jan. 19 and 20 "in recognition of their importance." The profes
sors and their wives will fly to Washington this afternoon. Invitational telegrams were
sent to the persons "who have been judged to be the most creative, eminent and world
renowned in the arts, sciences and humanities," a spokesman said. Lederberg commented
"In attending I feel I will be representing my colleagues at Stanford, other universities."


Drs. Joshua Lederberg and Arthur Kornberg, both of the Med School, are among the 155
leading figures in the arts and sciences whom President-elect John F. Kennedy invited to
his inaugural ceremonies Jan. 19 and 20 "in recognition of their importance." The profes
sors and their wives will fly to Washington this afternoon. Invitational telegrams were
sent to the persons "who have been judged to be the most creative, eminent and world
renowned in the arts, sciences and humanities," a spokesman said. Lederberg commented
"In attending I feel I will be representing my colleagues at Stanford, other universities."


Drs. Joshua Lederberg and Arthur Kornberg, both of the Med School, are among the 155
leading figures in the arts and sciences whom President-elect John F. Kennedy invited to
his inaugural ceremonies Jan. 19 and 20 "in recognition of their importance." The profes
sors and their wives will fly to Washington this afternoon. Invitational telegrams were
sent to the persons "who have been judged to be the most creative, eminent and world
renowned in the arts, sciences and humanities," a spokesman said. Lederberg commented
"In attending I feel I will be representing my colleagues at Stanford, other universities."


Drs. Joshua Lederberg and Arthur Kornberg, both of the Med School, are among the 155
leading figures in the arts and sciences whom President-elect John F. Kennedy invited to
his inaugural ceremonies Jan. 19 and 20 "in recognition of their importance." The profes
sors and their wives will fly to Washington this afternoon. Invitational telegrams were
sent to the persons "who have been judged to be the most creative, eminent and world
renowned in the arts, sciences and humanities," a spokesman said. Lederberg commented
"In attending I feel I will be representing my colleagues at Stanford, other universities."


Drs. Joshua Lederberg and Arthur Kornberg, both of the Med School, are among the 155
leading figures in the arts and sciences whom President-elect John F. Kennedy invited to
his inaugural ceremonies Jan. 19 and 20 "in recognition of their importance." The profes
sors and their wives will fly to Washington this afternoon. Invitational telegrams were
sent to the persons "who have been judged to be the most creative, eminent and world
renowned in the arts, sciences and humanities," a spokesman said. Lederberg commented
"In attending I feel I will be representing my colleagues at Stanford, other universities."


Drs. Joshua Lederberg and Arthur Kornberg, both of the Med School, are among the 155
leading figures in the arts and sciences whom President-elect John F. Kennedy invited to
his inaugural ceremonies Jan. 19 and 20 "in recognition of their importance." The profes
sors and their wives will fly to Washington this afternoon. Invitational telegrams were
sent to the persons "who have been judged to be the most creative, eminent and world
renowned in the arts, sciences and humanities," a spokesman said. Lederberg commented
"In attending I feel I will be representing my colleagues at Stanford, other universities."


Drs. Joshua Lederberg and Arthur Kornberg, both of the Med School, are among the 155
leading figures in the arts and sciences whom President-elect John F. Kennedy invited to
his inaugural ceremonies Jan. 19 and 20 "in recognition of their importance." The profes
sors and their wives will fly to Washington this afternoon. Invitational telegrams were
sent to the persons "who have been judged to be the most creative, eminent and world
renowned in the arts, sciences and humanities," a spokesman said. Lederberg commented
"In attending I feel I will be representing my colleagues at Stanford, other universities."


Drs. Joshua Lederberg and Arthur Kornberg, both of the Med School, are among the 155
leading figures in the arts and sciences whom President-elect John F. Kennedy invited to
his inaugural ceremonies Jan. 19 and 20 "in recognition of their importance." The profes
sors and their wives will fly to Washington this afternoon. Invitational telegrams were
sent to the persons "who have been judged to be the most creative, eminent and world
renowned in the arts, sciences and humanities," a spokesman said. Lederberg commented
"In attending I feel I will be representing my colleagues at Stanford, other universities."


Drs. Joshua Lederberg and Arthur Kornberg, both of the Med School, are among the 155
leading figures in the arts and sciences whom President-elect John F. Kennedy invited to
his inaugural ceremonies Jan. 19 and 20 "in recognition of their importance." The profes
sors and their wives will fly to Washington this afternoon. Invitational telegrams were
sent to the persons "who have been judged to be the most creative, eminent and world
renowned in the arts, sciences and humanities," a spokesman said. Lederberg commented
"In attending I feel I will be representing my colleagues at Stanford, other universities."


Drs. Joshua Lederberg and Arthur Kornberg, both of the Med School, are among the 155
leading figures in the arts and sciences whom President-elect John F. Kennedy invited to
his inaugural ceremonies Jan. 19 and 20 "in recognition of their importance." The profes
sors and their wives will fly to Washington this afternoon. Invitational telegrams were
sent to the persons "who have been judged to be the most creative, eminent and world
renowned in the arts, sciences and humanities," a spokesman said. Lederberg commented
"In attending I feel I will be representing my colleagues at Stanford, other universities."


Drs. Joshua Lederberg and Arthur Kornberg, both of the Med School, are among the 155
leading figures in the arts and sciences whom President-elect John F. Kennedy invited to
his inaugural ceremonies Jan. 19 and 20 "in recognition of their importance." The profes
sors and their wives will fly to Washington this afternoon. Invitational telegrams were
sent to the persons "who have been judged to be the most creative, eminent and world
renowned in the arts, sciences and humanities," a spokesman said. Lederberg commented
"In attending I feel I will be representing my colleagues at Stanford, other universities."


Drs. Joshua Lederberg and Arthur Kornberg, both of the Med School, are among the 155
leading figures in the arts and sciences whom President-elect John F. Kennedy invited to
his inaugural ceremonies Jan. 19 and 20 "in recognition of their importance." The profes
sors and their wives will fly to Washington this afternoon. Invitational telegrams were
sent to the persons "who have been judged to be the most creative, eminent and world
renowned in the arts, sciences and humanities," a spokesman said. Lederberg commented
"In attending I feel I will be representing my colleagues at Stanford, other universities."


Drs. Joshua Lederberg and Arthur Kornberg, both of the Med School, are among the 155
leading figures in the arts and sciences whom President-elect John F. Kennedy invited to
his inaugural ceremonies Jan. 19 and 20 "in recognition of their importance." The profes
sors and their wives will fly to Washington this afternoon. Invitational telegrams were
sent to the persons "who have been judged to be the most creative, eminent and world
renowned in the arts, sciences and humanities," a spokesman said. Lederberg commented
"In attending I feel I will be representing my colleagues at Stanford, other universities."


