# Quad Bills Payable
## 
### 
Bills for 19, if) Quads may be
paid during registration today at
the Quad table in the Pavilion, ac
cording to the Quad office. Books
paid for today will cost $G.7j.
Bills for 19, if) Quads may be
paid during registration today at
the Quad table in the Pavilion, ac
cording to the Quad office. Books
paid for today will cost $G.7j.
Bills for 19, if) Quads may be
paid during registration today at
the Quad table in the Pavilion, ac
cording to the Quad office. Books
paid for today will cost $G.7j.
Bills for 19, if) Quads may be
paid during registration today at
the Quad table in the Pavilion, ac
cording to the Quad office. Books
paid for today will cost $G.7j.
Bills for 19, if) Quads may be
paid during registration today at
the Quad table in the Pavilion, ac
cording to the Quad office. Books
paid for today will cost $G.7j.
Bills for 19, if) Quads may be
paid during registration today at
the Quad table in the Pavilion, ac
cording to the Quad office. Books
paid for today will cost $G.7j.
Bills for 19, if) Quads may be
paid during registration today at
the Quad table in the Pavilion, ac
cording to the Quad office. Books
paid for today will cost $G.7j.
Bills for 19, if) Quads may be
paid during registration today at
the Quad table in the Pavilion, ac
cording to the Quad office. Books
paid for today will cost $G.7j.
Bills for 19, if) Quads may be
paid during registration today at
the Quad table in the Pavilion, ac
cording to the Quad office. Books
paid for today will cost $G.7j.
Bills for 19, if) Quads may be
paid during registration today at
the Quad table in the Pavilion, ac
cording to the Quad office. Books
paid for today will cost $G.7j.
Bills for 19, if) Quads may be
paid during registration today at
the Quad table in the Pavilion, ac
cording to the Quad office. Books
paid for today will cost $G.7j.
Bills for 19, if) Quads may be
paid during registration today at
the Quad table in the Pavilion, ac
cording to the Quad office. Books
paid for today will cost $G.7j.
Bills for 19, if) Quads may be
paid during registration today at
the Quad table in the Pavilion, ac
cording to the Quad office. Books
paid for today will cost $G.7j.
Bills for 19, if) Quads may be
paid during registration today at
the Quad table in the Pavilion, ac
cording to the Quad office. Books
paid for today will cost $G.7j.
Bills for 19, if) Quads may be
paid during registration today at
the Quad table in the Pavilion, ac
cording to the Quad office. Books
paid for today will cost $G.7j.
Bills for 19, if) Quads may be
paid during registration today at
the Quad table in the Pavilion, ac
cording to the Quad office. Books
paid for today will cost $G.7j.
Bills for 19, if) Quads may be
paid during registration today at
the Quad table in the Pavilion, ac
cording to the Quad office. Books
paid for today will cost $G.7j.
