# THE 						DAILY
## 
### 
The Daily will not be published
Wednesday due to the Fourth of
July holiday. Publication will be
resumed on Friday. All notices for
publication should be at the Daily
Shack before 4 p.m. the day pre
ceding publication.
The Daily will not be published
Wednesday due to the Fourth of
July holiday. Publication will be
resumed on Friday. All notices for
publication should be at the Daily
Shack before 4 p.m. the day pre
ceding publication.
The Daily will not be published
Wednesday due to the Fourth of
July holiday. Publication will be
resumed on Friday. All notices for
publication should be at the Daily
Shack before 4 p.m. the day pre
ceding publication.
The Daily will not be published
Wednesday due to the Fourth of
July holiday. Publication will be
resumed on Friday. All notices for
publication should be at the Daily
Shack before 4 p.m. the day pre
ceding publication.
The Daily will not be published
Wednesday due to the Fourth of
July holiday. Publication will be
resumed on Friday. All notices for
publication should be at the Daily
Shack before 4 p.m. the day pre
ceding publication.
The Daily will not be published
Wednesday due to the Fourth of
July holiday. Publication will be
resumed on Friday. All notices for
publication should be at the Daily
Shack before 4 p.m. the day pre
ceding publication.
The Daily will not be published
Wednesday due to the Fourth of
July holiday. Publication will be
resumed on Friday. All notices for
publication should be at the Daily
Shack before 4 p.m. the day pre
ceding publication.
The Daily will not be published
Wednesday due to the Fourth of
July holiday. Publication will be
resumed on Friday. All notices for
publication should be at the Daily
Shack before 4 p.m. the day pre
ceding publication.
The Daily will not be published
Wednesday due to the Fourth of
July holiday. Publication will be
resumed on Friday. All notices for
publication should be at the Daily
Shack before 4 p.m. the day pre
ceding publication.
The Daily will not be published
Wednesday due to the Fourth of
July holiday. Publication will be
resumed on Friday. All notices for
publication should be at the Daily
Shack before 4 p.m. the day pre
ceding publication.
The Daily will not be published
Wednesday due to the Fourth of
July holiday. Publication will be
resumed on Friday. All notices for
publication should be at the Daily
Shack before 4 p.m. the day pre
ceding publication.
The Daily will not be published
Wednesday due to the Fourth of
July holiday. Publication will be
resumed on Friday. All notices for
publication should be at the Daily
Shack before 4 p.m. the day pre
ceding publication.
The Daily will not be published
Wednesday due to the Fourth of
July holiday. Publication will be
resumed on Friday. All notices for
publication should be at the Daily
Shack before 4 p.m. the day pre
ceding publication.
The Daily will not be published
Wednesday due to the Fourth of
July holiday. Publication will be
resumed on Friday. All notices for
publication should be at the Daily
Shack before 4 p.m. the day pre
ceding publication.
