# Once Around the Quad
## Fourth of July! UNIVERSITY OFFICES 
### 
All University oilices and the Li
brary, Union Cellar, Union Store,
and the Encina Store will be closed
tomorrow, July 4. The Snack Bar
will be open from 7:30 a.m. to 4:30
p.m.
All University oilices and the Li
brary, Union Cellar, Union Store,
and the Encina Store will be closed
tomorrow, July 4. The Snack Bar
will be open from 7:30 a.m. to 4:30
p.m.
All University oilices and the Li
brary, Union Cellar, Union Store,
and the Encina Store will be closed
tomorrow, July 4. The Snack Bar
will be open from 7:30 a.m. to 4:30
p.m.
All University oilices and the Li
brary, Union Cellar, Union Store,
and the Encina Store will be closed
tomorrow, July 4. The Snack Bar
will be open from 7:30 a.m. to 4:30
p.m.
All University oilices and the Li
brary, Union Cellar, Union Store,
and the Encina Store will be closed
tomorrow, July 4. The Snack Bar
will be open from 7:30 a.m. to 4:30
p.m.
All University oilices and the Li
brary, Union Cellar, Union Store,
and the Encina Store will be closed
tomorrow, July 4. The Snack Bar
will be open from 7:30 a.m. to 4:30
p.m.
All University oilices and the Li
brary, Union Cellar, Union Store,
and the Encina Store will be closed
tomorrow, July 4. The Snack Bar
will be open from 7:30 a.m. to 4:30
p.m.
All University oilices and the Li
brary, Union Cellar, Union Store,
and the Encina Store will be closed
tomorrow, July 4. The Snack Bar
will be open from 7:30 a.m. to 4:30
p.m.
All University oilices and the Li
brary, Union Cellar, Union Store,
and the Encina Store will be closed
tomorrow, July 4. The Snack Bar
will be open from 7:30 a.m. to 4:30
p.m.
All University oilices and the Li
brary, Union Cellar, Union Store,
and the Encina Store will be closed
tomorrow, July 4. The Snack Bar
will be open from 7:30 a.m. to 4:30
p.m.
All University oilices and the Li
brary, Union Cellar, Union Store,
and the Encina Store will be closed
tomorrow, July 4. The Snack Bar
will be open from 7:30 a.m. to 4:30
p.m.
All University oilices and the Li
brary, Union Cellar, Union Store,
and the Encina Store will be closed
tomorrow, July 4. The Snack Bar
will be open from 7:30 a.m. to 4:30
p.m.
All University oilices and the Li
brary, Union Cellar, Union Store,
and the Encina Store will be closed
tomorrow, July 4. The Snack Bar
will be open from 7:30 a.m. to 4:30
p.m.
All University oilices and the Li
brary, Union Cellar, Union Store,
and the Encina Store will be closed
tomorrow, July 4. The Snack Bar
will be open from 7:30 a.m. to 4:30
p.m.
