# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Alan Merian
This man, a renowned classical guitarist, will be performing on Thursday, Oct. 16, at the Tresidder
Lounge in the opening concert of the Student Arts at Stanford music series. In addition to being a
concert guitarist, Merian is also a music professor at the University of Southern California, which
certainly should not be held against him. The STARTS series will continue on Thursday nights
throughout the quarter.

Alan Merian
This man, a renowned classical guitarist, will be performing on Thursday, Oct. 16, at the Tresidder
Lounge in the opening concert of the Student Arts at Stanford music series. In addition to being a
concert guitarist, Merian is also a music professor at the University of Southern California, which
certainly should not be held against him. The STARTS series will continue on Thursday nights
throughout the quarter.

Alan Merian
This man, a renowned classical guitarist, will be performing on Thursday, Oct. 16, at the Tresidder
Lounge in the opening concert of the Student Arts at Stanford music series. In addition to being a
concert guitarist, Merian is also a music professor at the University of Southern California, which
certainly should not be held against him. The STARTS series will continue on Thursday nights
throughout the quarter.

Alan Merian
This man, a renowned classical guitarist, will be performing on Thursday, Oct. 16, at the Tresidder
Lounge in the opening concert of the Student Arts at Stanford music series. In addition to being a
concert guitarist, Merian is also a music professor at the University of Southern California, which
certainly should not be held against him. The STARTS series will continue on Thursday nights
throughout the quarter.

Alan Merian
This man, a renowned classical guitarist, will be performing on Thursday, Oct. 16, at the Tresidder
Lounge in the opening concert of the Student Arts at Stanford music series. In addition to being a
concert guitarist, Merian is also a music professor at the University of Southern California, which
certainly should not be held against him. The STARTS series will continue on Thursday nights
throughout the quarter.

Alan Merian
This man, a renowned classical guitarist, will be performing on Thursday, Oct. 16, at the Tresidder
Lounge in the opening concert of the Student Arts at Stanford music series. In addition to being a
concert guitarist, Merian is also a music professor at the University of Southern California, which
certainly should not be held against him. The STARTS series will continue on Thursday nights
throughout the quarter.

Alan Merian
This man, a renowned classical guitarist, will be performing on Thursday, Oct. 16, at the Tresidder
Lounge in the opening concert of the Student Arts at Stanford music series. In addition to being a
concert guitarist, Merian is also a music professor at the University of Southern California, which
certainly should not be held against him. The STARTS series will continue on Thursday nights
throughout the quarter.

Alan Merian
This man, a renowned classical guitarist, will be performing on Thursday, Oct. 16, at the Tresidder
Lounge in the opening concert of the Student Arts at Stanford music series. In addition to being a
concert guitarist, Merian is also a music professor at the University of Southern California, which
certainly should not be held against him. The STARTS series will continue on Thursday nights
throughout the quarter.

Alan Merian
This man, a renowned classical guitarist, will be performing on Thursday, Oct. 16, at the Tresidder
Lounge in the opening concert of the Student Arts at Stanford music series. In addition to being a
concert guitarist, Merian is also a music professor at the University of Southern California, which
certainly should not be held against him. The STARTS series will continue on Thursday nights
throughout the quarter.

Alan Merian
This man, a renowned classical guitarist, will be performing on Thursday, Oct. 16, at the Tresidder
Lounge in the opening concert of the Student Arts at Stanford music series. In addition to being a
concert guitarist, Merian is also a music professor at the University of Southern California, which
certainly should not be held against him. The STARTS series will continue on Thursday nights
throughout the quarter.
