# Adv. 34 Page 4
## 
### 
-yr•
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolutely none. As a
matter of fact, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
open Thurs. 'Til 9 p.m.
-yr•
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolutely none. As a
matter of fact, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
open Thurs. 'Til 9 p.m.
-yr•
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolutely none. As a
matter of fact, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
open Thurs. 'Til 9 p.m.
-yr•
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolutely none. As a
matter of fact, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
open Thurs. 'Til 9 p.m.
-yr•
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolutely none. As a
matter of fact, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
open Thurs. 'Til 9 p.m.
-yr•
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolutely none. As a
matter of fact, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
open Thurs. 'Til 9 p.m.
-yr•
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolutely none. As a
matter of fact, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
open Thurs. 'Til 9 p.m.
-yr•
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolutely none. As a
matter of fact, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
open Thurs. 'Til 9 p.m.
-yr•
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolutely none. As a
matter of fact, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
open Thurs. 'Til 9 p.m.
-yr•
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolutely none. As a
matter of fact, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
open Thurs. 'Til 9 p.m.
-yr•
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolutely none. As a
matter of fact, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
open Thurs. 'Til 9 p.m.
-yr•
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolutely none. As a
matter of fact, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
open Thurs. 'Til 9 p.m.
-yr•
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolutely none. As a
matter of fact, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
open Thurs. 'Til 9 p.m.
-yr•
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolutely none. As a
matter of fact, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
open Thurs. 'Til 9 p.m.
-yr•
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolutely none. As a
matter of fact, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
open Thurs. 'Til 9 p.m.
