# Spring Sports Begin To Blossom At The Farm
## 
### 

Daily l'hotns By Jim Hurtle


SPRING SPORTS SCENE-On the left the Indian
varsity 400 yard freestyle relay team executes
a man change against UCLA while Bruin and


Indian Ruggers battle in the center. In the
right Stanford catcher Jim Hibbs is forced at
second base in Saturday's game with SFS.

Daily l'hotns By Jim Hurtle


SPRING SPORTS SCENE-On the left the Indian
varsity 400 yard freestyle relay team executes
a man change against UCLA while Bruin and


Indian Ruggers battle in the center. In the
right Stanford catcher Jim Hibbs is forced at
second base in Saturday's game with SFS.

Daily l'hotns By Jim Hurtle


SPRING SPORTS SCENE-On the left the Indian
varsity 400 yard freestyle relay team executes
a man change against UCLA while Bruin and


Indian Ruggers battle in the center. In the
right Stanford catcher Jim Hibbs is forced at
second base in Saturday's game with SFS.

Daily l'hotns By Jim Hurtle


SPRING SPORTS SCENE-On the left the Indian
varsity 400 yard freestyle relay team executes
a man change against UCLA while Bruin and


Indian Ruggers battle in the center. In the
right Stanford catcher Jim Hibbs is forced at
second base in Saturday's game with SFS.

Daily l'hotns By Jim Hurtle


SPRING SPORTS SCENE-On the left the Indian
varsity 400 yard freestyle relay team executes
a man change against UCLA while Bruin and


Indian Ruggers battle in the center. In the
right Stanford catcher Jim Hibbs is forced at
second base in Saturday's game with SFS.

Daily l'hotns By Jim Hurtle


SPRING SPORTS SCENE-On the left the Indian
varsity 400 yard freestyle relay team executes
a man change against UCLA while Bruin and


Indian Ruggers battle in the center. In the
right Stanford catcher Jim Hibbs is forced at
second base in Saturday's game with SFS.

Daily l'hotns By Jim Hurtle


SPRING SPORTS SCENE-On the left the Indian
varsity 400 yard freestyle relay team executes
a man change against UCLA while Bruin and


Indian Ruggers battle in the center. In the
right Stanford catcher Jim Hibbs is forced at
second base in Saturday's game with SFS.

Daily l'hotns By Jim Hurtle


SPRING SPORTS SCENE-On the left the Indian
varsity 400 yard freestyle relay team executes
a man change against UCLA while Bruin and


Indian Ruggers battle in the center. In the
right Stanford catcher Jim Hibbs is forced at
second base in Saturday's game with SFS.

Daily l'hotns By Jim Hurtle


SPRING SPORTS SCENE-On the left the Indian
varsity 400 yard freestyle relay team executes
a man change against UCLA while Bruin and


Indian Ruggers battle in the center. In the
right Stanford catcher Jim Hibbs is forced at
second base in Saturday's game with SFS.

Daily l'hotns By Jim Hurtle


SPRING SPORTS SCENE-On the left the Indian
varsity 400 yard freestyle relay team executes
a man change against UCLA while Bruin and


Indian Ruggers battle in the center. In the
right Stanford catcher Jim Hibbs is forced at
second base in Saturday's game with SFS.

Daily l'hotns By Jim Hurtle


SPRING SPORTS SCENE-On the left the Indian
varsity 400 yard freestyle relay team executes
a man change against UCLA while Bruin and


Indian Ruggers battle in the center. In the
right Stanford catcher Jim Hibbs is forced at
second base in Saturday's game with SFS.

Daily l'hotns By Jim Hurtle


SPRING SPORTS SCENE-On the left the Indian
varsity 400 yard freestyle relay team executes
a man change against UCLA while Bruin and


Indian Ruggers battle in the center. In the
right Stanford catcher Jim Hibbs is forced at
second base in Saturday's game with SFS.

Daily l'hotns By Jim Hurtle


SPRING SPORTS SCENE-On the left the Indian
varsity 400 yard freestyle relay team executes
a man change against UCLA while Bruin and


Indian Ruggers battle in the center. In the
right Stanford catcher Jim Hibbs is forced at
second base in Saturday's game with SFS.

Daily l'hotns By Jim Hurtle


SPRING SPORTS SCENE-On the left the Indian
varsity 400 yard freestyle relay team executes
a man change against UCLA while Bruin and


Indian Ruggers battle in the center. In the
right Stanford catcher Jim Hibbs is forced at
second base in Saturday's game with SFS.

Daily l'hotns By Jim Hurtle


SPRING SPORTS SCENE-On the left the Indian
varsity 400 yard freestyle relay team executes
a man change against UCLA while Bruin and


Indian Ruggers battle in the center. In the
right Stanford catcher Jim Hibbs is forced at
second base in Saturday's game with SFS.
