# BIG GAME TICKETS
## 
### 
Student and faculty tickets for
the March 5 basketball game
between Stanford and Cal at Ber
keley will ro on sale at the De
partment of Athletics Ticket
Office lorlay.
The tickets are priced at 50
cents each.
Student and faculty tickets for
the March 5 basketball game
between Stanford and Cal at Ber
keley will ro on sale at the De
partment of Athletics Ticket
Office lorlay.
The tickets are priced at 50
cents each.
Student and faculty tickets for
the March 5 basketball game
between Stanford and Cal at Ber
keley will ro on sale at the De
partment of Athletics Ticket
Office lorlay.
The tickets are priced at 50
cents each.
Student and faculty tickets for
the March 5 basketball game
between Stanford and Cal at Ber
keley will ro on sale at the De
partment of Athletics Ticket
Office lorlay.
The tickets are priced at 50
cents each.
Student and faculty tickets for
the March 5 basketball game
between Stanford and Cal at Ber
keley will ro on sale at the De
partment of Athletics Ticket
Office lorlay.
The tickets are priced at 50
cents each.
Student and faculty tickets for
the March 5 basketball game
between Stanford and Cal at Ber
keley will ro on sale at the De
partment of Athletics Ticket
Office lorlay.
The tickets are priced at 50
cents each.
Student and faculty tickets for
the March 5 basketball game
between Stanford and Cal at Ber
keley will ro on sale at the De
partment of Athletics Ticket
Office lorlay.
The tickets are priced at 50
cents each.
Student and faculty tickets for
the March 5 basketball game
between Stanford and Cal at Ber
keley will ro on sale at the De
partment of Athletics Ticket
Office lorlay.
The tickets are priced at 50
cents each.
Student and faculty tickets for
the March 5 basketball game
between Stanford and Cal at Ber
keley will ro on sale at the De
partment of Athletics Ticket
Office lorlay.
The tickets are priced at 50
cents each.
Student and faculty tickets for
the March 5 basketball game
between Stanford and Cal at Ber
keley will ro on sale at the De
partment of Athletics Ticket
Office lorlay.
The tickets are priced at 50
cents each.
Student and faculty tickets for
the March 5 basketball game
between Stanford and Cal at Ber
keley will ro on sale at the De
partment of Athletics Ticket
Office lorlay.
The tickets are priced at 50
cents each.
Student and faculty tickets for
the March 5 basketball game
between Stanford and Cal at Ber
keley will ro on sale at the De
partment of Athletics Ticket
Office lorlay.
The tickets are priced at 50
cents each.
Student and faculty tickets for
the March 5 basketball game
between Stanford and Cal at Ber
keley will ro on sale at the De
partment of Athletics Ticket
Office lorlay.
The tickets are priced at 50
cents each.
Student and faculty tickets for
the March 5 basketball game
between Stanford and Cal at Ber
keley will ro on sale at the De
partment of Athletics Ticket
Office lorlay.
The tickets are priced at 50
cents each.
Student and faculty tickets for
the March 5 basketball game
between Stanford and Cal at Ber
keley will ro on sale at the De
partment of Athletics Ticket
Office lorlay.
The tickets are priced at 50
cents each.
