# Foreign Students Invited to Party
## 
### 
All new foreign students are in
vited to attend a party to be spon
sored by the International Commit
tee, Sunday night from 7:30 to 9:30
at the home of Betty Moser, 440
Foothill Drive, according to Betty
McClintock, committee chairman.
Several faculty members, includ
ing Mrs. J. W. Mcßain of the chem
istry department, and American
students will assist the committee
as hosts. Except for movies no spe
cial entertainment has been plan
ned, the party being intended as a
get-acquainted gathering.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27 (U.R).—
Representatives of 45 states attend
ing Secretary of Labor Frances Per
kins' labor conference here today
unanimously passed a resolution
urging enactment of a federal wages
and hours law.
