# Veteran Harriers Prepare for Meet
## 
### 
Stanford cross country prospects
look good this year as veterans and
some very likely looking new mem
bers go into 'their third week of
practice. Heading the list of well
known Farm runners are Ed Bur
rows, newly appointed captain, Jack
Dixon, Rusty March, and Jack Be
man. John Emanuel is the most
likely looking of the new material
with Jerry McCall, Paul Ganahl, and
Dave Delameter adding strength to
the team. i
The big cross country meet of the
season is that held just before the
big game with U.C. While the Cards
were defeated last year they have
good prospects and high hopes of
turning the tables this season.
Stanford cross country prospects
look good this year as veterans and
some very likely looking new mem
bers go into 'their third week of
practice. Heading the list of well
known Farm runners are Ed Bur
rows, newly appointed captain, Jack
Dixon, Rusty March, and Jack Be
man. John Emanuel is the most
likely looking of the new material
with Jerry McCall, Paul Ganahl, and
Dave Delameter adding strength to
the team. i
The big cross country meet of the
season is that held just before the
big game with U.C. While the Cards
were defeated last year they have
good prospects and high hopes of
turning the tables this season.
Stanford cross country prospects
look good this year as veterans and
some very likely looking new mem
bers go into 'their third week of
practice. Heading the list of well
known Farm runners are Ed Bur
rows, newly appointed captain, Jack
Dixon, Rusty March, and Jack Be
man. John Emanuel is the most
likely looking of the new material
with Jerry McCall, Paul Ganahl, and
Dave Delameter adding strength to
the team. i
The big cross country meet of the
season is that held just before the
big game with U.C. While the Cards
were defeated last year they have
good prospects and high hopes of
turning the tables this season.
Stanford cross country prospects
look good this year as veterans and
some very likely looking new mem
bers go into 'their third week of
practice. Heading the list of well
known Farm runners are Ed Bur
rows, newly appointed captain, Jack
Dixon, Rusty March, and Jack Be
man. John Emanuel is the most
likely looking of the new material
with Jerry McCall, Paul Ganahl, and
Dave Delameter adding strength to
the team. i
The big cross country meet of the
season is that held just before the
big game with U.C. While the Cards
were defeated last year they have
good prospects and high hopes of
turning the tables this season.
Stanford cross country prospects
look good this year as veterans and
some very likely looking new mem
bers go into 'their third week of
practice. Heading the list of well
known Farm runners are Ed Bur
rows, newly appointed captain, Jack
Dixon, Rusty March, and Jack Be
man. John Emanuel is the most
likely looking of the new material
with Jerry McCall, Paul Ganahl, and
Dave Delameter adding strength to
the team. i
The big cross country meet of the
season is that held just before the
big game with U.C. While the Cards
were defeated last year they have
good prospects and high hopes of
turning the tables this season.
Stanford cross country prospects
look good this year as veterans and
some very likely looking new mem
bers go into 'their third week of
practice. Heading the list of well
known Farm runners are Ed Bur
rows, newly appointed captain, Jack
Dixon, Rusty March, and Jack Be
man. John Emanuel is the most
likely looking of the new material
with Jerry McCall, Paul Ganahl, and
Dave Delameter adding strength to
the team. i
The big cross country meet of the
season is that held just before the
big game with U.C. While the Cards
were defeated last year they have
good prospects and high hopes of
turning the tables this season.
Stanford cross country prospects
look good this year as veterans and
some very likely looking new mem
bers go into 'their third week of
practice. Heading the list of well
known Farm runners are Ed Bur
rows, newly appointed captain, Jack
Dixon, Rusty March, and Jack Be
man. John Emanuel is the most
likely looking of the new material
with Jerry McCall, Paul Ganahl, and
Dave Delameter adding strength to
the team. i
The big cross country meet of the
season is that held just before the
big game with U.C. While the Cards
were defeated last year they have
good prospects and high hopes of
turning the tables this season.
Stanford cross country prospects
look good this year as veterans and
some very likely looking new mem
bers go into 'their third week of
practice. Heading the list of well
known Farm runners are Ed Bur
rows, newly appointed captain, Jack
Dixon, Rusty March, and Jack Be
man. John Emanuel is the most
likely looking of the new material
with Jerry McCall, Paul Ganahl, and
Dave Delameter adding strength to
the team. i
The big cross country meet of the
season is that held just before the
big game with U.C. While the Cards
were defeated last year they have
good prospects and high hopes of
turning the tables this season.
Stanford cross country prospects
look good this year as veterans and
some very likely looking new mem
bers go into 'their third week of
practice. Heading the list of well
known Farm runners are Ed Bur
rows, newly appointed captain, Jack
Dixon, Rusty March, and Jack Be
man. John Emanuel is the most
likely looking of the new material
with Jerry McCall, Paul Ganahl, and
Dave Delameter adding strength to
the team. i
The big cross country meet of the
season is that held just before the
big game with U.C. While the Cards
were defeated last year they have
good prospects and high hopes of
turning the tables this season.
Stanford cross country prospects
look good this year as veterans and
some very likely looking new mem
bers go into 'their third week of
practice. Heading the list of well
known Farm runners are Ed Bur
rows, newly appointed captain, Jack
Dixon, Rusty March, and Jack Be
man. John Emanuel is the most
likely looking of the new material
with Jerry McCall, Paul Ganahl, and
Dave Delameter adding strength to
the team. i
The big cross country meet of the
season is that held just before the
big game with U.C. While the Cards
were defeated last year they have
good prospects and high hopes of
turning the tables this season.
Stanford cross country prospects
look good this year as veterans and
some very likely looking new mem
bers go into 'their third week of
practice. Heading the list of well
known Farm runners are Ed Bur
rows, newly appointed captain, Jack
Dixon, Rusty March, and Jack Be
man. John Emanuel is the most
likely looking of the new material
with Jerry McCall, Paul Ganahl, and
Dave Delameter adding strength to
the team. i
The big cross country meet of the
season is that held just before the
big game with U.C. While the Cards
were defeated last year they have
good prospects and high hopes of
turning the tables this season.
Stanford cross country prospects
look good this year as veterans and
some very likely looking new mem
bers go into 'their third week of
practice. Heading the list of well
known Farm runners are Ed Bur
rows, newly appointed captain, Jack
Dixon, Rusty March, and Jack Be
man. John Emanuel is the most
likely looking of the new material
with Jerry McCall, Paul Ganahl, and
Dave Delameter adding strength to
the team. i
The big cross country meet of the
season is that held just before the
big game with U.C. While the Cards
were defeated last year they have
good prospects and high hopes of
turning the tables this season.
Stanford cross country prospects
look good this year as veterans and
some very likely looking new mem
bers go into 'their third week of
practice. Heading the list of well
known Farm runners are Ed Bur
rows, newly appointed captain, Jack
Dixon, Rusty March, and Jack Be
man. John Emanuel is the most
likely looking of the new material
with Jerry McCall, Paul Ganahl, and
Dave Delameter adding strength to
the team. i
The big cross country meet of the
season is that held just before the
big game with U.C. While the Cards
were defeated last year they have
good prospects and high hopes of
turning the tables this season.
Stanford cross country prospects
look good this year as veterans and
some very likely looking new mem
bers go into 'their third week of
practice. Heading the list of well
known Farm runners are Ed Bur
rows, newly appointed captain, Jack
Dixon, Rusty March, and Jack Be
man. John Emanuel is the most
likely looking of the new material
with Jerry McCall, Paul Ganahl, and
Dave Delameter adding strength to
the team. i
The big cross country meet of the
season is that held just before the
big game with U.C. While the Cards
were defeated last year they have
good prospects and high hopes of
turning the tables this season.
Stanford cross country prospects
look good this year as veterans and
some very likely looking new mem
bers go into 'their third week of
practice. Heading the list of well
known Farm runners are Ed Bur
rows, newly appointed captain, Jack
Dixon, Rusty March, and Jack Be
man. John Emanuel is the most
likely looking of the new material
with Jerry McCall, Paul Ganahl, and
Dave Delameter adding strength to
the team. i
The big cross country meet of the
season is that held just before the
big game with U.C. While the Cards
were defeated last year they have
good prospects and high hopes of
turning the tables this season.
Stanford cross country prospects
look good this year as veterans and
some very likely looking new mem
bers go into 'their third week of
practice. Heading the list of well
known Farm runners are Ed Bur
rows, newly appointed captain, Jack
Dixon, Rusty March, and Jack Be
man. John Emanuel is the most
likely looking of the new material
with Jerry McCall, Paul Ganahl, and
Dave Delameter adding strength to
the team. i
The big cross country meet of the
season is that held just before the
big game with U.C. While the Cards
were defeated last year they have
good prospects and high hopes of
turning the tables this season.
Stanford cross country prospects
look good this year as veterans and
some very likely looking new mem
bers go into 'their third week of
practice. Heading the list of well
known Farm runners are Ed Bur
rows, newly appointed captain, Jack
Dixon, Rusty March, and Jack Be
man. John Emanuel is the most
likely looking of the new material
with Jerry McCall, Paul Ganahl, and
Dave Delameter adding strength to
the team. i
The big cross country meet of the
season is that held just before the
big game with U.C. While the Cards
were defeated last year they have
good prospects and high hopes of
turning the tables this season.
