# Farm Soccermen To Play San Jose
## 
### 
Preparing for its third conference
game, against San Jose State here
Saturday, the Indian soccer squad
stressed offensive tactics during
practice sessions this week in hopes
of finding a scoring punch, not in
evidence in two tilts played thus
far.
Defensively the Cardinals are set,
having limited the opposition to one
goal per game, but the goal-produc
ing part of the Card attack has not
been functioning. Coach Harry Ma
loney has shifted his players into
new combinations and expects an
improved forward line for the San
Jose game.
The Indian frosh eleven showed
improvement over previous per
formances this week when they
came part way out of their losing
streak by earning a 1-1 tie with
Pescadero High School. It was the
first time in three starts that the
Papooses were not on the short end
of the score.
Preparing for its third conference
game, against San Jose State here
Saturday, the Indian soccer squad
stressed offensive tactics during
practice sessions this week in hopes
of finding a scoring punch, not in
evidence in two tilts played thus
far.
Defensively the Cardinals are set,
having limited the opposition to one
goal per game, but the goal-produc
ing part of the Card attack has not
been functioning. Coach Harry Ma
loney has shifted his players into
new combinations and expects an
improved forward line for the San
Jose game.
The Indian frosh eleven showed
improvement over previous per
formances this week when they
came part way out of their losing
streak by earning a 1-1 tie with
Pescadero High School. It was the
first time in three starts that the
Papooses were not on the short end
of the score.
Preparing for its third conference
game, against San Jose State here
Saturday, the Indian soccer squad
stressed offensive tactics during
practice sessions this week in hopes
of finding a scoring punch, not in
evidence in two tilts played thus
far.
Defensively the Cardinals are set,
having limited the opposition to one
goal per game, but the goal-produc
ing part of the Card attack has not
been functioning. Coach Harry Ma
loney has shifted his players into
new combinations and expects an
improved forward line for the San
Jose game.
The Indian frosh eleven showed
improvement over previous per
formances this week when they
came part way out of their losing
streak by earning a 1-1 tie with
Pescadero High School. It was the
first time in three starts that the
Papooses were not on the short end
of the score.
Preparing for its third conference
game, against San Jose State here
Saturday, the Indian soccer squad
stressed offensive tactics during
practice sessions this week in hopes
of finding a scoring punch, not in
evidence in two tilts played thus
far.
Defensively the Cardinals are set,
having limited the opposition to one
goal per game, but the goal-produc
ing part of the Card attack has not
been functioning. Coach Harry Ma
loney has shifted his players into
new combinations and expects an
improved forward line for the San
Jose game.
The Indian frosh eleven showed
improvement over previous per
formances this week when they
came part way out of their losing
streak by earning a 1-1 tie with
Pescadero High School. It was the
first time in three starts that the
Papooses were not on the short end
of the score.
Preparing for its third conference
game, against San Jose State here
Saturday, the Indian soccer squad
stressed offensive tactics during
practice sessions this week in hopes
of finding a scoring punch, not in
evidence in two tilts played thus
far.
Defensively the Cardinals are set,
having limited the opposition to one
goal per game, but the goal-produc
ing part of the Card attack has not
been functioning. Coach Harry Ma
loney has shifted his players into
new combinations and expects an
improved forward line for the San
Jose game.
The Indian frosh eleven showed
improvement over previous per
formances this week when they
came part way out of their losing
streak by earning a 1-1 tie with
Pescadero High School. It was the
first time in three starts that the
Papooses were not on the short end
of the score.
Preparing for its third conference
game, against San Jose State here
Saturday, the Indian soccer squad
stressed offensive tactics during
practice sessions this week in hopes
of finding a scoring punch, not in
evidence in two tilts played thus
far.
Defensively the Cardinals are set,
having limited the opposition to one
goal per game, but the goal-produc
ing part of the Card attack has not
been functioning. Coach Harry Ma
loney has shifted his players into
new combinations and expects an
improved forward line for the San
Jose game.
The Indian frosh eleven showed
improvement over previous per
formances this week when they
came part way out of their losing
streak by earning a 1-1 tie with
Pescadero High School. It was the
first time in three starts that the
Papooses were not on the short end
of the score.
Preparing for its third conference
game, against San Jose State here
Saturday, the Indian soccer squad
stressed offensive tactics during
practice sessions this week in hopes
of finding a scoring punch, not in
evidence in two tilts played thus
far.
Defensively the Cardinals are set,
having limited the opposition to one
goal per game, but the goal-produc
ing part of the Card attack has not
been functioning. Coach Harry Ma
loney has shifted his players into
new combinations and expects an
improved forward line for the San
Jose game.
The Indian frosh eleven showed
improvement over previous per
formances this week when they
came part way out of their losing
streak by earning a 1-1 tie with
Pescadero High School. It was the
first time in three starts that the
Papooses were not on the short end
of the score.
Preparing for its third conference
game, against San Jose State here
Saturday, the Indian soccer squad
stressed offensive tactics during
practice sessions this week in hopes
of finding a scoring punch, not in
evidence in two tilts played thus
far.
Defensively the Cardinals are set,
having limited the opposition to one
goal per game, but the goal-produc
ing part of the Card attack has not
been functioning. Coach Harry Ma
loney has shifted his players into
new combinations and expects an
improved forward line for the San
Jose game.
The Indian frosh eleven showed
improvement over previous per
formances this week when they
came part way out of their losing
streak by earning a 1-1 tie with
Pescadero High School. It was the
first time in three starts that the
Papooses were not on the short end
of the score.
Preparing for its third conference
game, against San Jose State here
Saturday, the Indian soccer squad
stressed offensive tactics during
practice sessions this week in hopes
of finding a scoring punch, not in
evidence in two tilts played thus
far.
Defensively the Cardinals are set,
having limited the opposition to one
goal per game, but the goal-produc
ing part of the Card attack has not
been functioning. Coach Harry Ma
loney has shifted his players into
new combinations and expects an
improved forward line for the San
Jose game.
The Indian frosh eleven showed
improvement over previous per
formances this week when they
came part way out of their losing
streak by earning a 1-1 tie with
Pescadero High School. It was the
first time in three starts that the
Papooses were not on the short end
of the score.
Preparing for its third conference
game, against San Jose State here
Saturday, the Indian soccer squad
stressed offensive tactics during
practice sessions this week in hopes
of finding a scoring punch, not in
evidence in two tilts played thus
far.
Defensively the Cardinals are set,
having limited the opposition to one
goal per game, but the goal-produc
ing part of the Card attack has not
been functioning. Coach Harry Ma
loney has shifted his players into
new combinations and expects an
improved forward line for the San
Jose game.
The Indian frosh eleven showed
improvement over previous per
formances this week when they
came part way out of their losing
streak by earning a 1-1 tie with
Pescadero High School. It was the
first time in three starts that the
Papooses were not on the short end
of the score.
Preparing for its third conference
game, against San Jose State here
Saturday, the Indian soccer squad
stressed offensive tactics during
practice sessions this week in hopes
of finding a scoring punch, not in
evidence in two tilts played thus
far.
Defensively the Cardinals are set,
having limited the opposition to one
goal per game, but the goal-produc
ing part of the Card attack has not
been functioning. Coach Harry Ma
loney has shifted his players into
new combinations and expects an
improved forward line for the San
Jose game.
The Indian frosh eleven showed
improvement over previous per
formances this week when they
came part way out of their losing
streak by earning a 1-1 tie with
Pescadero High School. It was the
first time in three starts that the
Papooses were not on the short end
of the score.
Preparing for its third conference
game, against San Jose State here
Saturday, the Indian soccer squad
stressed offensive tactics during
practice sessions this week in hopes
of finding a scoring punch, not in
evidence in two tilts played thus
far.
Defensively the Cardinals are set,
having limited the opposition to one
goal per game, but the goal-produc
ing part of the Card attack has not
been functioning. Coach Harry Ma
loney has shifted his players into
new combinations and expects an
improved forward line for the San
Jose game.
The Indian frosh eleven showed
improvement over previous per
formances this week when they
came part way out of their losing
streak by earning a 1-1 tie with
Pescadero High School. It was the
first time in three starts that the
Papooses were not on the short end
of the score.
Preparing for its third conference
game, against San Jose State here
Saturday, the Indian soccer squad
stressed offensive tactics during
practice sessions this week in hopes
of finding a scoring punch, not in
evidence in two tilts played thus
far.
Defensively the Cardinals are set,
having limited the opposition to one
goal per game, but the goal-produc
ing part of the Card attack has not
been functioning. Coach Harry Ma
loney has shifted his players into
new combinations and expects an
improved forward line for the San
Jose game.
The Indian frosh eleven showed
improvement over previous per
formances this week when they
came part way out of their losing
streak by earning a 1-1 tie with
Pescadero High School. It was the
first time in three starts that the
Papooses were not on the short end
of the score.
Preparing for its third conference
game, against San Jose State here
Saturday, the Indian soccer squad
stressed offensive tactics during
practice sessions this week in hopes
of finding a scoring punch, not in
evidence in two tilts played thus
far.
Defensively the Cardinals are set,
having limited the opposition to one
goal per game, but the goal-produc
ing part of the Card attack has not
been functioning. Coach Harry Ma
loney has shifted his players into
new combinations and expects an
improved forward line for the San
Jose game.
The Indian frosh eleven showed
improvement over previous per
formances this week when they
came part way out of their losing
streak by earning a 1-1 tie with
Pescadero High School. It was the
first time in three starts that the
Papooses were not on the short end
of the score.
Preparing for its third conference
game, against San Jose State here
Saturday, the Indian soccer squad
stressed offensive tactics during
practice sessions this week in hopes
of finding a scoring punch, not in
evidence in two tilts played thus
far.
Defensively the Cardinals are set,
having limited the opposition to one
goal per game, but the goal-produc
ing part of the Card attack has not
been functioning. Coach Harry Ma
loney has shifted his players into
new combinations and expects an
improved forward line for the San
Jose game.
The Indian frosh eleven showed
improvement over previous per
formances this week when they
came part way out of their losing
streak by earning a 1-1 tie with
Pescadero High School. It was the
first time in three starts that the
Papooses were not on the short end
of the score.
Preparing for its third conference
game, against San Jose State here
Saturday, the Indian soccer squad
stressed offensive tactics during
practice sessions this week in hopes
of finding a scoring punch, not in
evidence in two tilts played thus
far.
Defensively the Cardinals are set,
having limited the opposition to one
goal per game, but the goal-produc
ing part of the Card attack has not
been functioning. Coach Harry Ma
loney has shifted his players into
new combinations and expects an
improved forward line for the San
Jose game.
The Indian frosh eleven showed
improvement over previous per
formances this week when they
came part way out of their losing
streak by earning a 1-1 tie with
Pescadero High School. It was the
first time in three starts that the
Papooses were not on the short end
of the score.
Preparing for its third conference
game, against San Jose State here
Saturday, the Indian soccer squad
stressed offensive tactics during
practice sessions this week in hopes
of finding a scoring punch, not in
evidence in two tilts played thus
far.
Defensively the Cardinals are set,
having limited the opposition to one
goal per game, but the goal-produc
ing part of the Card attack has not
been functioning. Coach Harry Ma
loney has shifted his players into
new combinations and expects an
improved forward line for the San
Jose game.
The Indian frosh eleven showed
improvement over previous per
formances this week when they
came part way out of their losing
streak by earning a 1-1 tie with
Pescadero High School. It was the
first time in three starts that the
Papooses were not on the short end
of the score.
