# Murder "King's English" Says College Professor
## 
### 
"Murder the 'King's English' at will,
if punch and conviction in speech re
j suit," stated Dr. Edward Sapir, pro
fessor of English in the University of
Chicako in an address before the Eng
lish Language Congress recently held
in Philadelphia.
"The less attention paid to rules, the
better becomes the expression of the
human tongue, thereby developing the
fluency and conviction carried by
human speech," the professor de
clared.
"Murder the 'King's English' at will,
if punch and conviction in speech re
j suit," stated Dr. Edward Sapir, pro
fessor of English in the University of
Chicako in an address before the Eng
lish Language Congress recently held
in Philadelphia.
"The less attention paid to rules, the
better becomes the expression of the
human tongue, thereby developing the
fluency and conviction carried by
human speech," the professor de
clared.
"Murder the 'King's English' at will,
if punch and conviction in speech re
j suit," stated Dr. Edward Sapir, pro
fessor of English in the University of
Chicako in an address before the Eng
lish Language Congress recently held
in Philadelphia.
"The less attention paid to rules, the
better becomes the expression of the
human tongue, thereby developing the
fluency and conviction carried by
human speech," the professor de
clared.
"Murder the 'King's English' at will,
if punch and conviction in speech re
j suit," stated Dr. Edward Sapir, pro
fessor of English in the University of
Chicako in an address before the Eng
lish Language Congress recently held
in Philadelphia.
"The less attention paid to rules, the
better becomes the expression of the
human tongue, thereby developing the
fluency and conviction carried by
human speech," the professor de
clared.
"Murder the 'King's English' at will,
if punch and conviction in speech re
j suit," stated Dr. Edward Sapir, pro
fessor of English in the University of
Chicako in an address before the Eng
lish Language Congress recently held
in Philadelphia.
"The less attention paid to rules, the
better becomes the expression of the
human tongue, thereby developing the
fluency and conviction carried by
human speech," the professor de
clared.
"Murder the 'King's English' at will,
if punch and conviction in speech re
j suit," stated Dr. Edward Sapir, pro
fessor of English in the University of
Chicako in an address before the Eng
lish Language Congress recently held
in Philadelphia.
"The less attention paid to rules, the
better becomes the expression of the
human tongue, thereby developing the
fluency and conviction carried by
human speech," the professor de
clared.
"Murder the 'King's English' at will,
if punch and conviction in speech re
j suit," stated Dr. Edward Sapir, pro
fessor of English in the University of
Chicako in an address before the Eng
lish Language Congress recently held
in Philadelphia.
"The less attention paid to rules, the
better becomes the expression of the
human tongue, thereby developing the
fluency and conviction carried by
human speech," the professor de
clared.
"Murder the 'King's English' at will,
if punch and conviction in speech re
j suit," stated Dr. Edward Sapir, pro
fessor of English in the University of
Chicako in an address before the Eng
lish Language Congress recently held
in Philadelphia.
"The less attention paid to rules, the
better becomes the expression of the
human tongue, thereby developing the
fluency and conviction carried by
human speech," the professor de
clared.
"Murder the 'King's English' at will,
if punch and conviction in speech re
j suit," stated Dr. Edward Sapir, pro
fessor of English in the University of
Chicako in an address before the Eng
lish Language Congress recently held
in Philadelphia.
"The less attention paid to rules, the
better becomes the expression of the
human tongue, thereby developing the
fluency and conviction carried by
human speech," the professor de
clared.
"Murder the 'King's English' at will,
if punch and conviction in speech re
j suit," stated Dr. Edward Sapir, pro
fessor of English in the University of
Chicako in an address before the Eng
lish Language Congress recently held
in Philadelphia.
"The less attention paid to rules, the
better becomes the expression of the
human tongue, thereby developing the
fluency and conviction carried by
human speech," the professor de
clared.
"Murder the 'King's English' at will,
if punch and conviction in speech re
j suit," stated Dr. Edward Sapir, pro
fessor of English in the University of
Chicako in an address before the Eng
lish Language Congress recently held
in Philadelphia.
"The less attention paid to rules, the
better becomes the expression of the
human tongue, thereby developing the
fluency and conviction carried by
human speech," the professor de
clared.
"Murder the 'King's English' at will,
if punch and conviction in speech re
j suit," stated Dr. Edward Sapir, pro
fessor of English in the University of
Chicako in an address before the Eng
lish Language Congress recently held
in Philadelphia.
"The less attention paid to rules, the
better becomes the expression of the
human tongue, thereby developing the
fluency and conviction carried by
human speech," the professor de
clared.
"Murder the 'King's English' at will,
if punch and conviction in speech re
j suit," stated Dr. Edward Sapir, pro
fessor of English in the University of
Chicako in an address before the Eng
lish Language Congress recently held
in Philadelphia.
"The less attention paid to rules, the
better becomes the expression of the
human tongue, thereby developing the
fluency and conviction carried by
human speech," the professor de
clared.
"Murder the 'King's English' at will,
if punch and conviction in speech re
j suit," stated Dr. Edward Sapir, pro
fessor of English in the University of
Chicako in an address before the Eng
lish Language Congress recently held
in Philadelphia.
"The less attention paid to rules, the
better becomes the expression of the
human tongue, thereby developing the
fluency and conviction carried by
human speech," the professor de
clared.
