# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and the Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office tojluy or tomorrow.
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and the Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office tojluy or tomorrow.
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and the Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office tojluy or tomorrow.
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and the Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office tojluy or tomorrow.
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and the Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office tojluy or tomorrow.
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and the Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office tojluy or tomorrow.
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and the Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office tojluy or tomorrow.
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and the Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office tojluy or tomorrow.
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and the Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office tojluy or tomorrow.
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and the Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office tojluy or tomorrow.
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and the Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office tojluy or tomorrow.
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and the Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office tojluy or tomorrow.
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and the Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office tojluy or tomorrow.
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and the Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office tojluy or tomorrow.
December 9 or 10.
