# Coit to Be Excused From West Point Examinations
## 
### 
William S. Coit, '31, a graduate of
the San Rafael Military Academy, will
not be faced with the usual scholar
ship examinations when he reports in
July as a cadet at the United States
Military Academy at West Point.
Coit's scholastic record at an ac
credited school was such that the
West Point authorities excused him
from the examinations. This, accord
ing to officials, is an unusual case.
William S. Coit, '31, a graduate of
the San Rafael Military Academy, will
not be faced with the usual scholar
ship examinations when he reports in
July as a cadet at the United States
Military Academy at West Point.
Coit's scholastic record at an ac
credited school was such that the
West Point authorities excused him
from the examinations. This, accord
ing to officials, is an unusual case.
William S. Coit, '31, a graduate of
the San Rafael Military Academy, will
not be faced with the usual scholar
ship examinations when he reports in
July as a cadet at the United States
Military Academy at West Point.
Coit's scholastic record at an ac
credited school was such that the
West Point authorities excused him
from the examinations. This, accord
ing to officials, is an unusual case.
William S. Coit, '31, a graduate of
the San Rafael Military Academy, will
not be faced with the usual scholar
ship examinations when he reports in
July as a cadet at the United States
Military Academy at West Point.
Coit's scholastic record at an ac
credited school was such that the
West Point authorities excused him
from the examinations. This, accord
ing to officials, is an unusual case.
William S. Coit, '31, a graduate of
the San Rafael Military Academy, will
not be faced with the usual scholar
ship examinations when he reports in
July as a cadet at the United States
Military Academy at West Point.
Coit's scholastic record at an ac
credited school was such that the
West Point authorities excused him
from the examinations. This, accord
ing to officials, is an unusual case.
William S. Coit, '31, a graduate of
the San Rafael Military Academy, will
not be faced with the usual scholar
ship examinations when he reports in
July as a cadet at the United States
Military Academy at West Point.
Coit's scholastic record at an ac
credited school was such that the
West Point authorities excused him
from the examinations. This, accord
ing to officials, is an unusual case.
William S. Coit, '31, a graduate of
the San Rafael Military Academy, will
not be faced with the usual scholar
ship examinations when he reports in
July as a cadet at the United States
Military Academy at West Point.
Coit's scholastic record at an ac
credited school was such that the
West Point authorities excused him
from the examinations. This, accord
ing to officials, is an unusual case.
William S. Coit, '31, a graduate of
the San Rafael Military Academy, will
not be faced with the usual scholar
ship examinations when he reports in
July as a cadet at the United States
Military Academy at West Point.
Coit's scholastic record at an ac
credited school was such that the
West Point authorities excused him
from the examinations. This, accord
ing to officials, is an unusual case.
William S. Coit, '31, a graduate of
the San Rafael Military Academy, will
not be faced with the usual scholar
ship examinations when he reports in
July as a cadet at the United States
Military Academy at West Point.
Coit's scholastic record at an ac
credited school was such that the
West Point authorities excused him
from the examinations. This, accord
ing to officials, is an unusual case.
William S. Coit, '31, a graduate of
the San Rafael Military Academy, will
not be faced with the usual scholar
ship examinations when he reports in
July as a cadet at the United States
Military Academy at West Point.
Coit's scholastic record at an ac
credited school was such that the
West Point authorities excused him
from the examinations. This, accord
ing to officials, is an unusual case.
William S. Coit, '31, a graduate of
the San Rafael Military Academy, will
not be faced with the usual scholar
ship examinations when he reports in
July as a cadet at the United States
Military Academy at West Point.
Coit's scholastic record at an ac
credited school was such that the
West Point authorities excused him
from the examinations. This, accord
ing to officials, is an unusual case.
William S. Coit, '31, a graduate of
the San Rafael Military Academy, will
not be faced with the usual scholar
ship examinations when he reports in
July as a cadet at the United States
Military Academy at West Point.
Coit's scholastic record at an ac
credited school was such that the
West Point authorities excused him
from the examinations. This, accord
ing to officials, is an unusual case.
William S. Coit, '31, a graduate of
the San Rafael Military Academy, will
not be faced with the usual scholar
ship examinations when he reports in
July as a cadet at the United States
Military Academy at West Point.
Coit's scholastic record at an ac
credited school was such that the
West Point authorities excused him
from the examinations. This, accord
ing to officials, is an unusual case.
William S. Coit, '31, a graduate of
the San Rafael Military Academy, will
not be faced with the usual scholar
ship examinations when he reports in
July as a cadet at the United States
Military Academy at West Point.
Coit's scholastic record at an ac
credited school was such that the
West Point authorities excused him
from the examinations. This, accord
ing to officials, is an unusual case.
William S. Coit, '31, a graduate of
the San Rafael Military Academy, will
not be faced with the usual scholar
ship examinations when he reports in
July as a cadet at the United States
Military Academy at West Point.
Coit's scholastic record at an ac
credited school was such that the
West Point authorities excused him
from the examinations. This, accord
ing to officials, is an unusual case.
William S. Coit, '31, a graduate of
the San Rafael Military Academy, will
not be faced with the usual scholar
ship examinations when he reports in
July as a cadet at the United States
Military Academy at West Point.
Coit's scholastic record at an ac
credited school was such that the
West Point authorities excused him
from the examinations. This, accord
ing to officials, is an unusual case.
