# RANCHO SAN CARLO POLO TEAM DOWNS SAN MATEO SQUAD
## 
### 
Rancho San Carlo polo team <le-1
feated the San Mateo horseman 7 to 5 j
at El Cerrito Field yesterday after- j
noon in a fast same which starred j
Thomas Hitchcock, Jr., member of the [
American international team. A large |
crowd saw the San Carlo team, with •
its pick of international stars, barely
win from the San Mateo Blues, who
have three eight-goal men led by Ar
thur Perkins.
Hitchcock, playing only two horses
during the entire game, was easily i
the most superior player of the day
with his long, accurate drives and
clever strategy in riding his oppo
nents.
Yesterday afternoon's contest was
notable for its "aerial attack." The
bnll shot around in the air on 100-
yard drives like football passes, and
Hitchcock made one high goal which
passed between tlie posts and cleanly
over a 15-foot hedge beyond.
The line-tips wore as follows: San i
Carlos —George Gordon Moore, Thorn- j
as Hitchcock, Jr., Captain Roark, of;
(lie British Army, and W. Averill Har
riman. San Mateo —Jean St. Cyr, Wil
liam S. Tevis, Jr., Arthur P. Perkins,
and Cyril R. Tobin.
Rancho San Carlo polo team <le-1
feated the San Mateo horseman 7 to 5 j
at El Cerrito Field yesterday after- j
noon in a fast same which starred j
Thomas Hitchcock, Jr., member of the [
American international team. A large |
crowd saw the San Carlo team, with •
its pick of international stars, barely
win from the San Mateo Blues, who
have three eight-goal men led by Ar
thur Perkins.
Hitchcock, playing only two horses
during the entire game, was easily i
the most superior player of the day
with his long, accurate drives and
clever strategy in riding his oppo
nents.
Yesterday afternoon's contest was
notable for its "aerial attack." The
bnll shot around in the air on 100-
yard drives like football passes, and
Hitchcock made one high goal which
passed between tlie posts and cleanly
over a 15-foot hedge beyond.
The line-tips wore as follows: San i
Carlos —George Gordon Moore, Thorn- j
as Hitchcock, Jr., Captain Roark, of;
(lie British Army, and W. Averill Har
riman. San Mateo —Jean St. Cyr, Wil
liam S. Tevis, Jr., Arthur P. Perkins,
and Cyril R. Tobin.
Rancho San Carlo polo team <le-1
feated the San Mateo horseman 7 to 5 j
at El Cerrito Field yesterday after- j
noon in a fast same which starred j
Thomas Hitchcock, Jr., member of the [
American international team. A large |
crowd saw the San Carlo team, with •
its pick of international stars, barely
win from the San Mateo Blues, who
have three eight-goal men led by Ar
thur Perkins.
Hitchcock, playing only two horses
during the entire game, was easily i
the most superior player of the day
with his long, accurate drives and
clever strategy in riding his oppo
nents.
Yesterday afternoon's contest was
notable for its "aerial attack." The
bnll shot around in the air on 100-
yard drives like football passes, and
Hitchcock made one high goal which
passed between tlie posts and cleanly
over a 15-foot hedge beyond.
The line-tips wore as follows: San i
Carlos —George Gordon Moore, Thorn- j
as Hitchcock, Jr., Captain Roark, of;
(lie British Army, and W. Averill Har
riman. San Mateo —Jean St. Cyr, Wil
liam S. Tevis, Jr., Arthur P. Perkins,
and Cyril R. Tobin.
Rancho San Carlo polo team <le-1
feated the San Mateo horseman 7 to 5 j
at El Cerrito Field yesterday after- j
noon in a fast same which starred j
Thomas Hitchcock, Jr., member of the [
American international team. A large |
crowd saw the San Carlo team, with •
its pick of international stars, barely
win from the San Mateo Blues, who
have three eight-goal men led by Ar
thur Perkins.
Hitchcock, playing only two horses
during the entire game, was easily i
the most superior player of the day
with his long, accurate drives and
clever strategy in riding his oppo
nents.
Yesterday afternoon's contest was
notable for its "aerial attack." The
bnll shot around in the air on 100-
yard drives like football passes, and
Hitchcock made one high goal which
passed between tlie posts and cleanly
over a 15-foot hedge beyond.
The line-tips wore as follows: San i
Carlos —George Gordon Moore, Thorn- j
as Hitchcock, Jr., Captain Roark, of;
(lie British Army, and W. Averill Har
riman. San Mateo —Jean St. Cyr, Wil
liam S. Tevis, Jr., Arthur P. Perkins,
and Cyril R. Tobin.
Rancho San Carlo polo team <le-1
feated the San Mateo horseman 7 to 5 j
at El Cerrito Field yesterday after- j
noon in a fast same which starred j
Thomas Hitchcock, Jr., member of the [
American international team. A large |
crowd saw the San Carlo team, with •
its pick of international stars, barely
win from the San Mateo Blues, who
have three eight-goal men led by Ar
thur Perkins.
Hitchcock, playing only two horses
during the entire game, was easily i
the most superior player of the day
with his long, accurate drives and
clever strategy in riding his oppo
nents.
Yesterday afternoon's contest was
notable for its "aerial attack." The
bnll shot around in the air on 100-
yard drives like football passes, and
Hitchcock made one high goal which
passed between tlie posts and cleanly
over a 15-foot hedge beyond.
The line-tips wore as follows: San i
Carlos —George Gordon Moore, Thorn- j
as Hitchcock, Jr., Captain Roark, of;
(lie British Army, and W. Averill Har
riman. San Mateo —Jean St. Cyr, Wil
liam S. Tevis, Jr., Arthur P. Perkins,
and Cyril R. Tobin.
Rancho San Carlo polo team <le-1
feated the San Mateo horseman 7 to 5 j
at El Cerrito Field yesterday after- j
noon in a fast same which starred j
Thomas Hitchcock, Jr., member of the [
American international team. A large |
crowd saw the San Carlo team, with •
its pick of international stars, barely
win from the San Mateo Blues, who
have three eight-goal men led by Ar
thur Perkins.
Hitchcock, playing only two horses
during the entire game, was easily i
the most superior player of the day
with his long, accurate drives and
clever strategy in riding his oppo
nents.
Yesterday afternoon's contest was
notable for its "aerial attack." The
bnll shot around in the air on 100-
yard drives like football passes, and
Hitchcock made one high goal which
passed between tlie posts and cleanly
over a 15-foot hedge beyond.
The line-tips wore as follows: San i
Carlos —George Gordon Moore, Thorn- j
as Hitchcock, Jr., Captain Roark, of;
(lie British Army, and W. Averill Har
riman. San Mateo —Jean St. Cyr, Wil
liam S. Tevis, Jr., Arthur P. Perkins,
and Cyril R. Tobin.
Rancho San Carlo polo team <le-1
feated the San Mateo horseman 7 to 5 j
at El Cerrito Field yesterday after- j
noon in a fast same which starred j
Thomas Hitchcock, Jr., member of the [
American international team. A large |
crowd saw the San Carlo team, with •
its pick of international stars, barely
win from the San Mateo Blues, who
have three eight-goal men led by Ar
thur Perkins.
Hitchcock, playing only two horses
during the entire game, was easily i
the most superior player of the day
with his long, accurate drives and
clever strategy in riding his oppo
nents.
Yesterday afternoon's contest was
notable for its "aerial attack." The
bnll shot around in the air on 100-
yard drives like football passes, and
Hitchcock made one high goal which
passed between tlie posts and cleanly
over a 15-foot hedge beyond.
The line-tips wore as follows: San i
Carlos —George Gordon Moore, Thorn- j
as Hitchcock, Jr., Captain Roark, of;
(lie British Army, and W. Averill Har
riman. San Mateo —Jean St. Cyr, Wil
liam S. Tevis, Jr., Arthur P. Perkins,
and Cyril R. Tobin.
Rancho San Carlo polo team <le-1
feated the San Mateo horseman 7 to 5 j
at El Cerrito Field yesterday after- j
noon in a fast same which starred j
Thomas Hitchcock, Jr., member of the [
American international team. A large |
crowd saw the San Carlo team, with •
its pick of international stars, barely
win from the San Mateo Blues, who
have three eight-goal men led by Ar
thur Perkins.
Hitchcock, playing only two horses
during the entire game, was easily i
the most superior player of the day
with his long, accurate drives and
clever strategy in riding his oppo
nents.
Yesterday afternoon's contest was
notable for its "aerial attack." The
bnll shot around in the air on 100-
yard drives like football passes, and
Hitchcock made one high goal which
passed between tlie posts and cleanly
over a 15-foot hedge beyond.
The line-tips wore as follows: San i
Carlos —George Gordon Moore, Thorn- j
as Hitchcock, Jr., Captain Roark, of;
(lie British Army, and W. Averill Har
riman. San Mateo —Jean St. Cyr, Wil
liam S. Tevis, Jr., Arthur P. Perkins,
and Cyril R. Tobin.
Rancho San Carlo polo team <le-1
feated the San Mateo horseman 7 to 5 j
at El Cerrito Field yesterday after- j
noon in a fast same which starred j
Thomas Hitchcock, Jr., member of the [
American international team. A large |
crowd saw the San Carlo team, with •
its pick of international stars, barely
win from the San Mateo Blues, who
have three eight-goal men led by Ar
thur Perkins.
Hitchcock, playing only two horses
during the entire game, was easily i
the most superior player of the day
with his long, accurate drives and
clever strategy in riding his oppo
nents.
Yesterday afternoon's contest was
notable for its "aerial attack." The
bnll shot around in the air on 100-
yard drives like football passes, and
Hitchcock made one high goal which
passed between tlie posts and cleanly
over a 15-foot hedge beyond.
The line-tips wore as follows: San i
Carlos —George Gordon Moore, Thorn- j
as Hitchcock, Jr., Captain Roark, of;
(lie British Army, and W. Averill Har
riman. San Mateo —Jean St. Cyr, Wil
liam S. Tevis, Jr., Arthur P. Perkins,
and Cyril R. Tobin.
Rancho San Carlo polo team <le-1
feated the San Mateo horseman 7 to 5 j
at El Cerrito Field yesterday after- j
noon in a fast same which starred j
Thomas Hitchcock, Jr., member of the [
American international team. A large |
crowd saw the San Carlo team, with •
its pick of international stars, barely
win from the San Mateo Blues, who
have three eight-goal men led by Ar
thur Perkins.
Hitchcock, playing only two horses
during the entire game, was easily i
the most superior player of the day
with his long, accurate drives and
clever strategy in riding his oppo
nents.
Yesterday afternoon's contest was
notable for its "aerial attack." The
bnll shot around in the air on 100-
yard drives like football passes, and
Hitchcock made one high goal which
passed between tlie posts and cleanly
over a 15-foot hedge beyond.
The line-tips wore as follows: San i
Carlos —George Gordon Moore, Thorn- j
as Hitchcock, Jr., Captain Roark, of;
(lie British Army, and W. Averill Har
riman. San Mateo —Jean St. Cyr, Wil
liam S. Tevis, Jr., Arthur P. Perkins,
and Cyril R. Tobin.
Rancho San Carlo polo team <le-1
feated the San Mateo horseman 7 to 5 j
at El Cerrito Field yesterday after- j
noon in a fast same which starred j
Thomas Hitchcock, Jr., member of the [
American international team. A large |
crowd saw the San Carlo team, with •
its pick of international stars, barely
win from the San Mateo Blues, who
have three eight-goal men led by Ar
thur Perkins.
Hitchcock, playing only two horses
during the entire game, was easily i
the most superior player of the day
with his long, accurate drives and
clever strategy in riding his oppo
nents.
Yesterday afternoon's contest was
notable for its "aerial attack." The
bnll shot around in the air on 100-
yard drives like football passes, and
Hitchcock made one high goal which
passed between tlie posts and cleanly
over a 15-foot hedge beyond.
The line-tips wore as follows: San i
Carlos —George Gordon Moore, Thorn- j
as Hitchcock, Jr., Captain Roark, of;
(lie British Army, and W. Averill Har
riman. San Mateo —Jean St. Cyr, Wil
liam S. Tevis, Jr., Arthur P. Perkins,
and Cyril R. Tobin.
Rancho San Carlo polo team <le-1
feated the San Mateo horseman 7 to 5 j
at El Cerrito Field yesterday after- j
noon in a fast same which starred j
Thomas Hitchcock, Jr., member of the [
American international team. A large |
crowd saw the San Carlo team, with •
its pick of international stars, barely
win from the San Mateo Blues, who
have three eight-goal men led by Ar
thur Perkins.
Hitchcock, playing only two horses
during the entire game, was easily i
the most superior player of the day
with his long, accurate drives and
clever strategy in riding his oppo
nents.
Yesterday afternoon's contest was
notable for its "aerial attack." The
bnll shot around in the air on 100-
yard drives like football passes, and
Hitchcock made one high goal which
passed between tlie posts and cleanly
over a 15-foot hedge beyond.
The line-tips wore as follows: San i
Carlos —George Gordon Moore, Thorn- j
as Hitchcock, Jr., Captain Roark, of;
(lie British Army, and W. Averill Har
riman. San Mateo —Jean St. Cyr, Wil
liam S. Tevis, Jr., Arthur P. Perkins,
and Cyril R. Tobin.
Rancho San Carlo polo team <le-1
feated the San Mateo horseman 7 to 5 j
at El Cerrito Field yesterday after- j
noon in a fast same which starred j
Thomas Hitchcock, Jr., member of the [
American international team. A large |
crowd saw the San Carlo team, with •
its pick of international stars, barely
win from the San Mateo Blues, who
have three eight-goal men led by Ar
thur Perkins.
Hitchcock, playing only two horses
during the entire game, was easily i
the most superior player of the day
with his long, accurate drives and
clever strategy in riding his oppo
nents.
Yesterday afternoon's contest was
notable for its "aerial attack." The
bnll shot around in the air on 100-
yard drives like football passes, and
Hitchcock made one high goal which
passed between tlie posts and cleanly
over a 15-foot hedge beyond.
The line-tips wore as follows: San i
Carlos —George Gordon Moore, Thorn- j
as Hitchcock, Jr., Captain Roark, of;
(lie British Army, and W. Averill Har
riman. San Mateo —Jean St. Cyr, Wil
liam S. Tevis, Jr., Arthur P. Perkins,
and Cyril R. Tobin.
Rancho San Carlo polo team <le-1
feated the San Mateo horseman 7 to 5 j
at El Cerrito Field yesterday after- j
noon in a fast same which starred j
Thomas Hitchcock, Jr., member of the [
American international team. A large |
crowd saw the San Carlo team, with •
its pick of international stars, barely
win from the San Mateo Blues, who
have three eight-goal men led by Ar
thur Perkins.
Hitchcock, playing only two horses
during the entire game, was easily i
the most superior player of the day
with his long, accurate drives and
clever strategy in riding his oppo
nents.
Yesterday afternoon's contest was
notable for its "aerial attack." The
bnll shot around in the air on 100-
yard drives like football passes, and
Hitchcock made one high goal which
passed between tlie posts and cleanly
over a 15-foot hedge beyond.
The line-tips wore as follows: San i
Carlos —George Gordon Moore, Thorn- j
as Hitchcock, Jr., Captain Roark, of;
(lie British Army, and W. Averill Har
riman. San Mateo —Jean St. Cyr, Wil
liam S. Tevis, Jr., Arthur P. Perkins,
and Cyril R. Tobin.
Rancho San Carlo polo team <le-1
feated the San Mateo horseman 7 to 5 j
at El Cerrito Field yesterday after- j
noon in a fast same which starred j
Thomas Hitchcock, Jr., member of the [
American international team. A large |
crowd saw the San Carlo team, with •
its pick of international stars, barely
win from the San Mateo Blues, who
have three eight-goal men led by Ar
thur Perkins.
Hitchcock, playing only two horses
during the entire game, was easily i
the most superior player of the day
with his long, accurate drives and
clever strategy in riding his oppo
nents.
Yesterday afternoon's contest was
notable for its "aerial attack." The
bnll shot around in the air on 100-
yard drives like football passes, and
Hitchcock made one high goal which
passed between tlie posts and cleanly
over a 15-foot hedge beyond.
The line-tips wore as follows: San i
Carlos —George Gordon Moore, Thorn- j
as Hitchcock, Jr., Captain Roark, of;
(lie British Army, and W. Averill Har
riman. San Mateo —Jean St. Cyr, Wil
liam S. Tevis, Jr., Arthur P. Perkins,
and Cyril R. Tobin.
Rancho San Carlo polo team <le-1
feated the San Mateo horseman 7 to 5 j
at El Cerrito Field yesterday after- j
noon in a fast same which starred j
Thomas Hitchcock, Jr., member of the [
American international team. A large |
crowd saw the San Carlo team, with •
its pick of international stars, barely
win from the San Mateo Blues, who
have three eight-goal men led by Ar
thur Perkins.
Hitchcock, playing only two horses
during the entire game, was easily i
the most superior player of the day
with his long, accurate drives and
clever strategy in riding his oppo
nents.
Yesterday afternoon's contest was
notable for its "aerial attack." The
bnll shot around in the air on 100-
yard drives like football passes, and
Hitchcock made one high goal which
passed between tlie posts and cleanly
over a 15-foot hedge beyond.
The line-tips wore as follows: San i
Carlos —George Gordon Moore, Thorn- j
as Hitchcock, Jr., Captain Roark, of;
(lie British Army, and W. Averill Har
riman. San Mateo —Jean St. Cyr, Wil
liam S. Tevis, Jr., Arthur P. Perkins,
and Cyril R. Tobin.
