# Gigli Will Present Operatic Arias In Recital Thursday
## 
### Hubert Gagos 
Beniamino Gigli, Italian tenor, will
give a program of operatic arias and
concert songs in the third recital of
the Associated Students' Series
Thursday night.
Gigli, leading tenor of the Metro
politan Opera Company, comes to
Stanford with an enviable record of
concert triumphs on three continents.
In Europe, South America, and in the
United States, he has won the plaud
its of music lovers and the praise of
critics.
The tenor is famed for his keen
artistic appreciation of the songs he
sings so well. One critic said of him,
"He sings with his heart, and his
hearers open their hearts to him."
Tickets for the concert may still
be obtained in the lobby of the Old
Union at prices ranging from $1 to
$2.50. There are also a few season
tickets for sale which entitle the
holders to attend the three remaining
concerts for the sum of $2.25.
Beniamino Gigli, Italian tenor, will
give a program of operatic arias and
concert songs in the third recital of
the Associated Students' Series
Thursday night.
Gigli, leading tenor of the Metro
politan Opera Company, comes to
Stanford with an enviable record of
concert triumphs on three continents.
In Europe, South America, and in the
United States, he has won the plaud
its of music lovers and the praise of
critics.
The tenor is famed for his keen
artistic appreciation of the songs he
sings so well. One critic said of him,
"He sings with his heart, and his
hearers open their hearts to him."
Tickets for the concert may still
be obtained in the lobby of the Old
Union at prices ranging from $1 to
$2.50. There are also a few season
tickets for sale which entitle the
holders to attend the three remaining
concerts for the sum of $2.25.
Beniamino Gigli, Italian tenor, will
give a program of operatic arias and
concert songs in the third recital of
the Associated Students' Series
Thursday night.
Gigli, leading tenor of the Metro
politan Opera Company, comes to
Stanford with an enviable record of
concert triumphs on three continents.
In Europe, South America, and in the
United States, he has won the plaud
its of music lovers and the praise of
critics.
The tenor is famed for his keen
artistic appreciation of the songs he
sings so well. One critic said of him,
"He sings with his heart, and his
hearers open their hearts to him."
Tickets for the concert may still
be obtained in the lobby of the Old
Union at prices ranging from $1 to
$2.50. There are also a few season
tickets for sale which entitle the
holders to attend the three remaining
concerts for the sum of $2.25.
Beniamino Gigli, Italian tenor, will
give a program of operatic arias and
concert songs in the third recital of
the Associated Students' Series
Thursday night.
Gigli, leading tenor of the Metro
politan Opera Company, comes to
Stanford with an enviable record of
concert triumphs on three continents.
In Europe, South America, and in the
United States, he has won the plaud
its of music lovers and the praise of
critics.
The tenor is famed for his keen
artistic appreciation of the songs he
sings so well. One critic said of him,
"He sings with his heart, and his
hearers open their hearts to him."
Tickets for the concert may still
be obtained in the lobby of the Old
Union at prices ranging from $1 to
$2.50. There are also a few season
tickets for sale which entitle the
holders to attend the three remaining
concerts for the sum of $2.25.
Beniamino Gigli, Italian tenor, will
give a program of operatic arias and
concert songs in the third recital of
the Associated Students' Series
Thursday night.
Gigli, leading tenor of the Metro
politan Opera Company, comes to
Stanford with an enviable record of
concert triumphs on three continents.
In Europe, South America, and in the
United States, he has won the plaud
its of music lovers and the praise of
critics.
The tenor is famed for his keen
artistic appreciation of the songs he
sings so well. One critic said of him,
"He sings with his heart, and his
hearers open their hearts to him."
Tickets for the concert may still
be obtained in the lobby of the Old
Union at prices ranging from $1 to
$2.50. There are also a few season
tickets for sale which entitle the
holders to attend the three remaining
concerts for the sum of $2.25.
Beniamino Gigli, Italian tenor, will
give a program of operatic arias and
concert songs in the third recital of
the Associated Students' Series
Thursday night.
Gigli, leading tenor of the Metro
politan Opera Company, comes to
Stanford with an enviable record of
concert triumphs on three continents.
In Europe, South America, and in the
United States, he has won the plaud
its of music lovers and the praise of
critics.
The tenor is famed for his keen
artistic appreciation of the songs he
sings so well. One critic said of him,
"He sings with his heart, and his
hearers open their hearts to him."
Tickets for the concert may still
be obtained in the lobby of the Old
Union at prices ranging from $1 to
$2.50. There are also a few season
tickets for sale which entitle the
holders to attend the three remaining
concerts for the sum of $2.25.
Beniamino Gigli, Italian tenor, will
give a program of operatic arias and
concert songs in the third recital of
the Associated Students' Series
Thursday night.
Gigli, leading tenor of the Metro
politan Opera Company, comes to
Stanford with an enviable record of
concert triumphs on three continents.
In Europe, South America, and in the
United States, he has won the plaud
its of music lovers and the praise of
critics.
The tenor is famed for his keen
artistic appreciation of the songs he
sings so well. One critic said of him,
"He sings with his heart, and his
hearers open their hearts to him."
Tickets for the concert may still
be obtained in the lobby of the Old
Union at prices ranging from $1 to
$2.50. There are also a few season
tickets for sale which entitle the
holders to attend the three remaining
concerts for the sum of $2.25.
Beniamino Gigli, Italian tenor, will
give a program of operatic arias and
concert songs in the third recital of
the Associated Students' Series
Thursday night.
Gigli, leading tenor of the Metro
politan Opera Company, comes to
Stanford with an enviable record of
concert triumphs on three continents.
In Europe, South America, and in the
United States, he has won the plaud
its of music lovers and the praise of
critics.
The tenor is famed for his keen
artistic appreciation of the songs he
sings so well. One critic said of him,
"He sings with his heart, and his
hearers open their hearts to him."
Tickets for the concert may still
be obtained in the lobby of the Old
Union at prices ranging from $1 to
$2.50. There are also a few season
tickets for sale which entitle the
holders to attend the three remaining
concerts for the sum of $2.25.
Beniamino Gigli, Italian tenor, will
give a program of operatic arias and
concert songs in the third recital of
the Associated Students' Series
Thursday night.
Gigli, leading tenor of the Metro
politan Opera Company, comes to
Stanford with an enviable record of
concert triumphs on three continents.
In Europe, South America, and in the
United States, he has won the plaud
its of music lovers and the praise of
critics.
The tenor is famed for his keen
artistic appreciation of the songs he
sings so well. One critic said of him,
"He sings with his heart, and his
hearers open their hearts to him."
Tickets for the concert may still
be obtained in the lobby of the Old
Union at prices ranging from $1 to
$2.50. There are also a few season
tickets for sale which entitle the
holders to attend the three remaining
concerts for the sum of $2.25.
Beniamino Gigli, Italian tenor, will
give a program of operatic arias and
concert songs in the third recital of
the Associated Students' Series
Thursday night.
Gigli, leading tenor of the Metro
politan Opera Company, comes to
Stanford with an enviable record of
concert triumphs on three continents.
In Europe, South America, and in the
United States, he has won the plaud
its of music lovers and the praise of
critics.
The tenor is famed for his keen
artistic appreciation of the songs he
sings so well. One critic said of him,
"He sings with his heart, and his
hearers open their hearts to him."
Tickets for the concert may still
be obtained in the lobby of the Old
Union at prices ranging from $1 to
$2.50. There are also a few season
tickets for sale which entitle the
holders to attend the three remaining
concerts for the sum of $2.25.
Beniamino Gigli, Italian tenor, will
give a program of operatic arias and
concert songs in the third recital of
the Associated Students' Series
Thursday night.
Gigli, leading tenor of the Metro
politan Opera Company, comes to
Stanford with an enviable record of
concert triumphs on three continents.
In Europe, South America, and in the
United States, he has won the plaud
its of music lovers and the praise of
critics.
The tenor is famed for his keen
artistic appreciation of the songs he
sings so well. One critic said of him,
"He sings with his heart, and his
hearers open their hearts to him."
Tickets for the concert may still
be obtained in the lobby of the Old
Union at prices ranging from $1 to
$2.50. There are also a few season
tickets for sale which entitle the
holders to attend the three remaining
concerts for the sum of $2.25.
Beniamino Gigli, Italian tenor, will
give a program of operatic arias and
concert songs in the third recital of
the Associated Students' Series
Thursday night.
Gigli, leading tenor of the Metro
politan Opera Company, comes to
Stanford with an enviable record of
concert triumphs on three continents.
In Europe, South America, and in the
United States, he has won the plaud
its of music lovers and the praise of
critics.
The tenor is famed for his keen
artistic appreciation of the songs he
sings so well. One critic said of him,
"He sings with his heart, and his
hearers open their hearts to him."
Tickets for the concert may still
be obtained in the lobby of the Old
Union at prices ranging from $1 to
$2.50. There are also a few season
tickets for sale which entitle the
holders to attend the three remaining
concerts for the sum of $2.25.
Beniamino Gigli, Italian tenor, will
give a program of operatic arias and
concert songs in the third recital of
the Associated Students' Series
Thursday night.
Gigli, leading tenor of the Metro
politan Opera Company, comes to
Stanford with an enviable record of
concert triumphs on three continents.
In Europe, South America, and in the
United States, he has won the plaud
its of music lovers and the praise of
critics.
The tenor is famed for his keen
artistic appreciation of the songs he
sings so well. One critic said of him,
"He sings with his heart, and his
hearers open their hearts to him."
Tickets for the concert may still
be obtained in the lobby of the Old
Union at prices ranging from $1 to
$2.50. There are also a few season
tickets for sale which entitle the
holders to attend the three remaining
concerts for the sum of $2.25.
Beniamino Gigli, Italian tenor, will
give a program of operatic arias and
concert songs in the third recital of
the Associated Students' Series
Thursday night.
Gigli, leading tenor of the Metro
politan Opera Company, comes to
Stanford with an enviable record of
concert triumphs on three continents.
In Europe, South America, and in the
United States, he has won the plaud
its of music lovers and the praise of
critics.
The tenor is famed for his keen
artistic appreciation of the songs he
sings so well. One critic said of him,
"He sings with his heart, and his
hearers open their hearts to him."
Tickets for the concert may still
be obtained in the lobby of the Old
Union at prices ranging from $1 to
$2.50. There are also a few season
tickets for sale which entitle the
holders to attend the three remaining
concerts for the sum of $2.25.
Beniamino Gigli, Italian tenor, will
give a program of operatic arias and
concert songs in the third recital of
the Associated Students' Series
Thursday night.
Gigli, leading tenor of the Metro
politan Opera Company, comes to
Stanford with an enviable record of
concert triumphs on three continents.
In Europe, South America, and in the
United States, he has won the plaud
its of music lovers and the praise of
critics.
The tenor is famed for his keen
artistic appreciation of the songs he
sings so well. One critic said of him,
"He sings with his heart, and his
hearers open their hearts to him."
Tickets for the concert may still
be obtained in the lobby of the Old
Union at prices ranging from $1 to
$2.50. There are also a few season
tickets for sale which entitle the
holders to attend the three remaining
concerts for the sum of $2.25.
Beniamino Gigli, Italian tenor, will
give a program of operatic arias and
concert songs in the third recital of
the Associated Students' Series
Thursday night.
Gigli, leading tenor of the Metro
politan Opera Company, comes to
Stanford with an enviable record of
concert triumphs on three continents.
In Europe, South America, and in the
United States, he has won the plaud
its of music lovers and the praise of
critics.
The tenor is famed for his keen
artistic appreciation of the songs he
sings so well. One critic said of him,
"He sings with his heart, and his
hearers open their hearts to him."
Tickets for the concert may still
be obtained in the lobby of the Old
Union at prices ranging from $1 to
$2.50. There are also a few season
tickets for sale which entitle the
holders to attend the three remaining
concerts for the sum of $2.25.
