# Hold Funeral Services For La Barba's Father
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 5.—( U.P.) — |
Funeral services for Domenico La !
Barba, father of Fidel La Barba, who
retired recently as undefeated fly
weight champion of the world, will i
be held tomorrow. The elder La |
Barba died Friday night in his home I
here.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 5.—( U.P.) — |
Funeral services for Domenico La !
Barba, father of Fidel La Barba, who
retired recently as undefeated fly
weight champion of the world, will i
be held tomorrow. The elder La |
Barba died Friday night in his home I
here.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 5.—( U.P.) — |
Funeral services for Domenico La !
Barba, father of Fidel La Barba, who
retired recently as undefeated fly
weight champion of the world, will i
be held tomorrow. The elder La |
Barba died Friday night in his home I
here.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 5.—( U.P.) — |
Funeral services for Domenico La !
Barba, father of Fidel La Barba, who
retired recently as undefeated fly
weight champion of the world, will i
be held tomorrow. The elder La |
Barba died Friday night in his home I
here.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 5.—( U.P.) — |
Funeral services for Domenico La !
Barba, father of Fidel La Barba, who
retired recently as undefeated fly
weight champion of the world, will i
be held tomorrow. The elder La |
Barba died Friday night in his home I
here.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 5.—( U.P.) — |
Funeral services for Domenico La !
Barba, father of Fidel La Barba, who
retired recently as undefeated fly
weight champion of the world, will i
be held tomorrow. The elder La |
Barba died Friday night in his home I
here.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 5.—( U.P.) — |
Funeral services for Domenico La !
Barba, father of Fidel La Barba, who
retired recently as undefeated fly
weight champion of the world, will i
be held tomorrow. The elder La |
Barba died Friday night in his home I
here.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 5.—( U.P.) — |
Funeral services for Domenico La !
Barba, father of Fidel La Barba, who
retired recently as undefeated fly
weight champion of the world, will i
be held tomorrow. The elder La |
Barba died Friday night in his home I
here.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 5.—( U.P.) — |
Funeral services for Domenico La !
Barba, father of Fidel La Barba, who
retired recently as undefeated fly
weight champion of the world, will i
be held tomorrow. The elder La |
Barba died Friday night in his home I
here.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 5.—( U.P.) — |
Funeral services for Domenico La !
Barba, father of Fidel La Barba, who
retired recently as undefeated fly
weight champion of the world, will i
be held tomorrow. The elder La |
Barba died Friday night in his home I
here.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 5.—( U.P.) — |
Funeral services for Domenico La !
Barba, father of Fidel La Barba, who
retired recently as undefeated fly
weight champion of the world, will i
be held tomorrow. The elder La |
Barba died Friday night in his home I
here.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 5.—( U.P.) — |
Funeral services for Domenico La !
Barba, father of Fidel La Barba, who
retired recently as undefeated fly
weight champion of the world, will i
be held tomorrow. The elder La |
Barba died Friday night in his home I
here.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 5.—( U.P.) — |
Funeral services for Domenico La !
Barba, father of Fidel La Barba, who
retired recently as undefeated fly
weight champion of the world, will i
be held tomorrow. The elder La |
Barba died Friday night in his home I
here.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 5.—( U.P.) — |
Funeral services for Domenico La !
Barba, father of Fidel La Barba, who
retired recently as undefeated fly
weight champion of the world, will i
be held tomorrow. The elder La |
Barba died Friday night in his home I
here.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 5.—( U.P.) — |
Funeral services for Domenico La !
Barba, father of Fidel La Barba, who
retired recently as undefeated fly
weight champion of the world, will i
be held tomorrow. The elder La |
Barba died Friday night in his home I
here.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 5.—( U.P.) — |
Funeral services for Domenico La !
Barba, father of Fidel La Barba, who
retired recently as undefeated fly
weight champion of the world, will i
be held tomorrow. The elder La |
Barba died Friday night in his home I
here.
