# No Poison in Baking Powder.
## 
### 
Professor R. E. Swain of the Chem
istry department this morning com
pleted the analysis of the baking
powder, which was the last of the
four staples tested for poison in con
nection with the recent alleged pois
oning of the food supply of the Uni
versity Inn. Professor Swain had
no better success in discovering any
foreign substance in the baking
powder than in the lard, sugar and
Hour. To ascertain the absolute
purity of the food, however, lie will
from time to time continue the
analysis.
Professor R. E. Swain of the Chem
istry department this morning com
pleted the analysis of the baking
powder, which was the last of the
four staples tested for poison in con
nection with the recent alleged pois
oning of the food supply of the Uni
versity Inn. Professor Swain had
no better success in discovering any
foreign substance in the baking
powder than in the lard, sugar and
Hour. To ascertain the absolute
purity of the food, however, lie will
from time to time continue the
analysis.
Professor R. E. Swain of the Chem
istry department this morning com
pleted the analysis of the baking
powder, which was the last of the
four staples tested for poison in con
nection with the recent alleged pois
oning of the food supply of the Uni
versity Inn. Professor Swain had
no better success in discovering any
foreign substance in the baking
powder than in the lard, sugar and
Hour. To ascertain the absolute
purity of the food, however, lie will
from time to time continue the
analysis.
Professor R. E. Swain of the Chem
istry department this morning com
pleted the analysis of the baking
powder, which was the last of the
four staples tested for poison in con
nection with the recent alleged pois
oning of the food supply of the Uni
versity Inn. Professor Swain had
no better success in discovering any
foreign substance in the baking
powder than in the lard, sugar and
Hour. To ascertain the absolute
purity of the food, however, lie will
from time to time continue the
analysis.
Professor R. E. Swain of the Chem
istry department this morning com
pleted the analysis of the baking
powder, which was the last of the
four staples tested for poison in con
nection with the recent alleged pois
oning of the food supply of the Uni
versity Inn. Professor Swain had
no better success in discovering any
foreign substance in the baking
powder than in the lard, sugar and
Hour. To ascertain the absolute
purity of the food, however, lie will
from time to time continue the
analysis.
Professor R. E. Swain of the Chem
istry department this morning com
pleted the analysis of the baking
powder, which was the last of the
four staples tested for poison in con
nection with the recent alleged pois
oning of the food supply of the Uni
versity Inn. Professor Swain had
no better success in discovering any
foreign substance in the baking
powder than in the lard, sugar and
Hour. To ascertain the absolute
purity of the food, however, lie will
from time to time continue the
analysis.
Professor R. E. Swain of the Chem
istry department this morning com
pleted the analysis of the baking
powder, which was the last of the
four staples tested for poison in con
nection with the recent alleged pois
oning of the food supply of the Uni
versity Inn. Professor Swain had
no better success in discovering any
foreign substance in the baking
powder than in the lard, sugar and
Hour. To ascertain the absolute
purity of the food, however, lie will
from time to time continue the
analysis.
Professor R. E. Swain of the Chem
istry department this morning com
pleted the analysis of the baking
powder, which was the last of the
four staples tested for poison in con
nection with the recent alleged pois
oning of the food supply of the Uni
versity Inn. Professor Swain had
no better success in discovering any
foreign substance in the baking
powder than in the lard, sugar and
Hour. To ascertain the absolute
purity of the food, however, lie will
from time to time continue the
analysis.
Professor R. E. Swain of the Chem
istry department this morning com
pleted the analysis of the baking
powder, which was the last of the
four staples tested for poison in con
nection with the recent alleged pois
oning of the food supply of the Uni
versity Inn. Professor Swain had
no better success in discovering any
foreign substance in the baking
powder than in the lard, sugar and
Hour. To ascertain the absolute
purity of the food, however, lie will
from time to time continue the
analysis.
Professor R. E. Swain of the Chem
istry department this morning com
pleted the analysis of the baking
powder, which was the last of the
four staples tested for poison in con
nection with the recent alleged pois
oning of the food supply of the Uni
versity Inn. Professor Swain had
no better success in discovering any
foreign substance in the baking
powder than in the lard, sugar and
Hour. To ascertain the absolute
purity of the food, however, lie will
from time to time continue the
analysis.
