# Hostage says U.S. is impeding his release
## 
### 
BEIRUT, Lebanon (AP) -
Pro-Iranian Shiite Moslem kid
nappers yesterday released a
videotape of American jour
nalist Terry Anderson, who
read a message accusing the
U.S. government of preventing
his release.
Copies of the tape were
delivered to two Western news
agencies in Beirut four days
after Anderson, 41, spent a
fourth birthday in captivity.
They were accompanied by a
statement in Arabic from Is
lamic Jihad, which holds An
derson.
In Los Angeles, President
Reagan denied his administra

tion impeded the release of the
hostages.
"I don't think that was Terry
speaking," Reagan said of the
videotape. "I think he had a
script that was given to him."
He president added: "We
have been doing everything we
can for the release of the
hostages, and the very simple
answer is, for those people, to
let them go."
Reagan's chief spokesman,
Marlin Fitzwater, said the kid
nappers were trying to influ
ence the U.S. election.
"This is a cynical attempt to
use the hostages to influence
public opinion," Fitzwater said.
