# Adv. 5 Page 3
## 
### 
A New
Tradition
Like that after-the-show
malt at the University
Creamery, a new tradition
has been formed with the
installation of the new
electric waffle iron.
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Next the Stanford Theatre
A New
Tradition
Like that after-the-show
malt at the University
Creamery, a new tradition
has been formed with the
installation of the new
electric waffle iron.
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Next the Stanford Theatre
A New
Tradition
Like that after-the-show
malt at the University
Creamery, a new tradition
has been formed with the
installation of the new
electric waffle iron.
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Next the Stanford Theatre
A New
Tradition
Like that after-the-show
malt at the University
Creamery, a new tradition
has been formed with the
installation of the new
electric waffle iron.
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Next the Stanford Theatre
A New
Tradition
Like that after-the-show
malt at the University
Creamery, a new tradition
has been formed with the
installation of the new
electric waffle iron.
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Next the Stanford Theatre
A New
Tradition
Like that after-the-show
malt at the University
Creamery, a new tradition
has been formed with the
installation of the new
electric waffle iron.
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Next the Stanford Theatre
A New
Tradition
Like that after-the-show
malt at the University
Creamery, a new tradition
has been formed with the
installation of the new
electric waffle iron.
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Next the Stanford Theatre
A New
Tradition
Like that after-the-show
malt at the University
Creamery, a new tradition
has been formed with the
installation of the new
electric waffle iron.
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Next the Stanford Theatre
A New
Tradition
Like that after-the-show
malt at the University
Creamery, a new tradition
has been formed with the
installation of the new
electric waffle iron.
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Next the Stanford Theatre
A New
Tradition
Like that after-the-show
malt at the University
Creamery, a new tradition
has been formed with the
installation of the new
electric waffle iron.
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Next the Stanford Theatre
A New
Tradition
Like that after-the-show
malt at the University
Creamery, a new tradition
has been formed with the
installation of the new
electric waffle iron.
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Next the Stanford Theatre
A New
Tradition
Like that after-the-show
malt at the University
Creamery, a new tradition
has been formed with the
installation of the new
electric waffle iron.
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Next the Stanford Theatre
A New
Tradition
Like that after-the-show
malt at the University
Creamery, a new tradition
has been formed with the
installation of the new
electric waffle iron.
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Next the Stanford Theatre
A New
Tradition
Like that after-the-show
malt at the University
Creamery, a new tradition
has been formed with the
installation of the new
electric waffle iron.
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Next the Stanford Theatre
A New
Tradition
Like that after-the-show
malt at the University
Creamery, a new tradition
has been formed with the
installation of the new
electric waffle iron.
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Next the Stanford Theatre
A New
Tradition
Like that after-the-show
malt at the University
Creamery, a new tradition
has been formed with the
installation of the new
electric waffle iron.
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Next the Stanford Theatre
