# STANFORD CANDIDATES RATED HIGH TOWARD RHODES SCHOLARSHIP
## 
### 
Out of the twenty-one candidates
from Cailfornia competing for the
Rhodes scholarship, the five Stanford
men were very highly considered by
the committee, which chose the stu
dent who is to receive the scholar
ship, last month at a meeting in San
Francisco at the University Club.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Classical department presided at the
meeting on account of the unavoid
able absence of President Wilbur.
All the candidates were present at
the meeting, and gave talks about
their past work and future aspira
tions. The committee is made up of
ex-Rhodes scholars. Although a man
fron the University of California
was chosen for the scholarship this
year, the Stanford representation
stood very high. The two previous
years, Stanford men were selected
for the honor from among all the
California candidates.
Out of the twenty-one candidates
from Cailfornia competing for the
Rhodes scholarship, the five Stanford
men were very highly considered by
the committee, which chose the stu
dent who is to receive the scholar
ship, last month at a meeting in San
Francisco at the University Club.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Classical department presided at the
meeting on account of the unavoid
able absence of President Wilbur.
All the candidates were present at
the meeting, and gave talks about
their past work and future aspira
tions. The committee is made up of
ex-Rhodes scholars. Although a man
fron the University of California
was chosen for the scholarship this
year, the Stanford representation
stood very high. The two previous
years, Stanford men were selected
for the honor from among all the
California candidates.
Out of the twenty-one candidates
from Cailfornia competing for the
Rhodes scholarship, the five Stanford
men were very highly considered by
the committee, which chose the stu
dent who is to receive the scholar
ship, last month at a meeting in San
Francisco at the University Club.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Classical department presided at the
meeting on account of the unavoid
able absence of President Wilbur.
All the candidates were present at
the meeting, and gave talks about
their past work and future aspira
tions. The committee is made up of
ex-Rhodes scholars. Although a man
fron the University of California
was chosen for the scholarship this
year, the Stanford representation
stood very high. The two previous
years, Stanford men were selected
for the honor from among all the
California candidates.
Out of the twenty-one candidates
from Cailfornia competing for the
Rhodes scholarship, the five Stanford
men were very highly considered by
the committee, which chose the stu
dent who is to receive the scholar
ship, last month at a meeting in San
Francisco at the University Club.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Classical department presided at the
meeting on account of the unavoid
able absence of President Wilbur.
All the candidates were present at
the meeting, and gave talks about
their past work and future aspira
tions. The committee is made up of
ex-Rhodes scholars. Although a man
fron the University of California
was chosen for the scholarship this
year, the Stanford representation
stood very high. The two previous
years, Stanford men were selected
for the honor from among all the
California candidates.
Out of the twenty-one candidates
from Cailfornia competing for the
Rhodes scholarship, the five Stanford
men were very highly considered by
the committee, which chose the stu
dent who is to receive the scholar
ship, last month at a meeting in San
Francisco at the University Club.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Classical department presided at the
meeting on account of the unavoid
able absence of President Wilbur.
All the candidates were present at
the meeting, and gave talks about
their past work and future aspira
tions. The committee is made up of
ex-Rhodes scholars. Although a man
fron the University of California
was chosen for the scholarship this
year, the Stanford representation
stood very high. The two previous
years, Stanford men were selected
for the honor from among all the
California candidates.
Out of the twenty-one candidates
from Cailfornia competing for the
Rhodes scholarship, the five Stanford
men were very highly considered by
the committee, which chose the stu
dent who is to receive the scholar
ship, last month at a meeting in San
Francisco at the University Club.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Classical department presided at the
meeting on account of the unavoid
able absence of President Wilbur.
All the candidates were present at
the meeting, and gave talks about
their past work and future aspira
tions. The committee is made up of
ex-Rhodes scholars. Although a man
fron the University of California
was chosen for the scholarship this
year, the Stanford representation
stood very high. The two previous
years, Stanford men were selected
for the honor from among all the
California candidates.
Out of the twenty-one candidates
from Cailfornia competing for the
Rhodes scholarship, the five Stanford
men were very highly considered by
the committee, which chose the stu
dent who is to receive the scholar
ship, last month at a meeting in San
Francisco at the University Club.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Classical department presided at the
meeting on account of the unavoid
able absence of President Wilbur.
All the candidates were present at
the meeting, and gave talks about
their past work and future aspira
tions. The committee is made up of
ex-Rhodes scholars. Although a man
fron the University of California
was chosen for the scholarship this
year, the Stanford representation
stood very high. The two previous
years, Stanford men were selected
for the honor from among all the
California candidates.
Out of the twenty-one candidates
from Cailfornia competing for the
Rhodes scholarship, the five Stanford
men were very highly considered by
the committee, which chose the stu
dent who is to receive the scholar
ship, last month at a meeting in San
Francisco at the University Club.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Classical department presided at the
meeting on account of the unavoid
able absence of President Wilbur.
All the candidates were present at
the meeting, and gave talks about
their past work and future aspira
tions. The committee is made up of
ex-Rhodes scholars. Although a man
fron the University of California
was chosen for the scholarship this
year, the Stanford representation
stood very high. The two previous
years, Stanford men were selected
for the honor from among all the
California candidates.
Out of the twenty-one candidates
from Cailfornia competing for the
Rhodes scholarship, the five Stanford
men were very highly considered by
the committee, which chose the stu
dent who is to receive the scholar
ship, last month at a meeting in San
Francisco at the University Club.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Classical department presided at the
meeting on account of the unavoid
able absence of President Wilbur.
All the candidates were present at
the meeting, and gave talks about
their past work and future aspira
tions. The committee is made up of
ex-Rhodes scholars. Although a man
fron the University of California
was chosen for the scholarship this
year, the Stanford representation
stood very high. The two previous
years, Stanford men were selected
for the honor from among all the
California candidates.
Out of the twenty-one candidates
from Cailfornia competing for the
Rhodes scholarship, the five Stanford
men were very highly considered by
the committee, which chose the stu
dent who is to receive the scholar
ship, last month at a meeting in San
Francisco at the University Club.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Classical department presided at the
meeting on account of the unavoid
able absence of President Wilbur.
All the candidates were present at
the meeting, and gave talks about
their past work and future aspira
tions. The committee is made up of
ex-Rhodes scholars. Although a man
fron the University of California
was chosen for the scholarship this
year, the Stanford representation
stood very high. The two previous
years, Stanford men were selected
for the honor from among all the
California candidates.
Out of the twenty-one candidates
from Cailfornia competing for the
Rhodes scholarship, the five Stanford
men were very highly considered by
the committee, which chose the stu
dent who is to receive the scholar
ship, last month at a meeting in San
Francisco at the University Club.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Classical department presided at the
meeting on account of the unavoid
able absence of President Wilbur.
All the candidates were present at
the meeting, and gave talks about
their past work and future aspira
tions. The committee is made up of
ex-Rhodes scholars. Although a man
fron the University of California
was chosen for the scholarship this
year, the Stanford representation
stood very high. The two previous
years, Stanford men were selected
for the honor from among all the
California candidates.
Out of the twenty-one candidates
from Cailfornia competing for the
Rhodes scholarship, the five Stanford
men were very highly considered by
the committee, which chose the stu
dent who is to receive the scholar
ship, last month at a meeting in San
Francisco at the University Club.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Classical department presided at the
meeting on account of the unavoid
able absence of President Wilbur.
All the candidates were present at
the meeting, and gave talks about
their past work and future aspira
tions. The committee is made up of
ex-Rhodes scholars. Although a man
fron the University of California
was chosen for the scholarship this
year, the Stanford representation
stood very high. The two previous
years, Stanford men were selected
for the honor from among all the
California candidates.
Out of the twenty-one candidates
from Cailfornia competing for the
Rhodes scholarship, the five Stanford
men were very highly considered by
the committee, which chose the stu
dent who is to receive the scholar
ship, last month at a meeting in San
Francisco at the University Club.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Classical department presided at the
meeting on account of the unavoid
able absence of President Wilbur.
All the candidates were present at
the meeting, and gave talks about
their past work and future aspira
tions. The committee is made up of
ex-Rhodes scholars. Although a man
fron the University of California
was chosen for the scholarship this
year, the Stanford representation
stood very high. The two previous
years, Stanford men were selected
for the honor from among all the
California candidates.
Out of the twenty-one candidates
from Cailfornia competing for the
Rhodes scholarship, the five Stanford
men were very highly considered by
the committee, which chose the stu
dent who is to receive the scholar
ship, last month at a meeting in San
Francisco at the University Club.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Classical department presided at the
meeting on account of the unavoid
able absence of President Wilbur.
All the candidates were present at
the meeting, and gave talks about
their past work and future aspira
tions. The committee is made up of
ex-Rhodes scholars. Although a man
fron the University of California
was chosen for the scholarship this
year, the Stanford representation
stood very high. The two previous
years, Stanford men were selected
for the honor from among all the
California candidates.
Out of the twenty-one candidates
from Cailfornia competing for the
Rhodes scholarship, the five Stanford
men were very highly considered by
the committee, which chose the stu
dent who is to receive the scholar
ship, last month at a meeting in San
Francisco at the University Club.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Classical department presided at the
meeting on account of the unavoid
able absence of President Wilbur.
All the candidates were present at
the meeting, and gave talks about
their past work and future aspira
tions. The committee is made up of
ex-Rhodes scholars. Although a man
fron the University of California
was chosen for the scholarship this
year, the Stanford representation
stood very high. The two previous
years, Stanford men were selected
for the honor from among all the
California candidates.
Out of the twenty-one candidates
from Cailfornia competing for the
Rhodes scholarship, the five Stanford
men were very highly considered by
the committee, which chose the stu
dent who is to receive the scholar
ship, last month at a meeting in San
Francisco at the University Club.
Professor H. R. Fairclough of the
Classical department presided at the
meeting on account of the unavoid
able absence of President Wilbur.
All the candidates were present at
the meeting, and gave talks about
their past work and future aspira
tions. The committee is made up of
ex-Rhodes scholars. Although a man
fron the University of California
was chosen for the scholarship this
year, the Stanford representation
stood very high. The two previous
years, Stanford men were selected
for the honor from among all the
California candidates.
