# Tickets for Freshman Game.
## 
### 
Admission to the Freshman foot
hall game has been placed at one
dollar. As heretofore, there will
he no reserved seats. Manager
Barrett has arranged for an ad
vance sale on the campus. Tick
ets may he procured on the quad
Wednesday morning after 9:30.
Admission to the Freshman foot
hall game has been placed at one
dollar. As heretofore, there will
he no reserved seats. Manager
Barrett has arranged for an ad
vance sale on the campus. Tick
ets may he procured on the quad
Wednesday morning after 9:30.
Admission to the Freshman foot
hall game has been placed at one
dollar. As heretofore, there will
he no reserved seats. Manager
Barrett has arranged for an ad
vance sale on the campus. Tick
ets may he procured on the quad
Wednesday morning after 9:30.
Admission to the Freshman foot
hall game has been placed at one
dollar. As heretofore, there will
he no reserved seats. Manager
Barrett has arranged for an ad
vance sale on the campus. Tick
ets may he procured on the quad
Wednesday morning after 9:30.
Admission to the Freshman foot
hall game has been placed at one
dollar. As heretofore, there will
he no reserved seats. Manager
Barrett has arranged for an ad
vance sale on the campus. Tick
ets may he procured on the quad
Wednesday morning after 9:30.
Admission to the Freshman foot
hall game has been placed at one
dollar. As heretofore, there will
he no reserved seats. Manager
Barrett has arranged for an ad
vance sale on the campus. Tick
ets may he procured on the quad
Wednesday morning after 9:30.
Admission to the Freshman foot
hall game has been placed at one
dollar. As heretofore, there will
he no reserved seats. Manager
Barrett has arranged for an ad
vance sale on the campus. Tick
ets may he procured on the quad
Wednesday morning after 9:30.
Admission to the Freshman foot
hall game has been placed at one
dollar. As heretofore, there will
he no reserved seats. Manager
Barrett has arranged for an ad
vance sale on the campus. Tick
ets may he procured on the quad
Wednesday morning after 9:30.
Admission to the Freshman foot
hall game has been placed at one
dollar. As heretofore, there will
he no reserved seats. Manager
Barrett has arranged for an ad
vance sale on the campus. Tick
ets may he procured on the quad
Wednesday morning after 9:30.
