# Adv. 42 Page 6
## 
### 
ENGAGEMENT
Ruble Hall announces the en
gagement of Jane Ann Podesta,
Class of ’65 to Edward A. Chris
tensen, Otero. Class of '65.
ENGAGEMENT
Ruble Hall announces the en
gagement of Jane Ann Podesta,
Class of ’65 to Edward A. Chris
tensen, Otero. Class of '65.
ENGAGEMENT
Ruble Hall announces the en
gagement of Jane Ann Podesta,
Class of ’65 to Edward A. Chris
tensen, Otero. Class of '65.
ENGAGEMENT
Ruble Hall announces the en
gagement of Jane Ann Podesta,
Class of ’65 to Edward A. Chris
tensen, Otero. Class of '65.
ENGAGEMENT
Ruble Hall announces the en
gagement of Jane Ann Podesta,
Class of ’65 to Edward A. Chris
tensen, Otero. Class of '65.
ENGAGEMENT
Ruble Hall announces the en
gagement of Jane Ann Podesta,
Class of ’65 to Edward A. Chris
tensen, Otero. Class of '65.
ENGAGEMENT
Ruble Hall announces the en
gagement of Jane Ann Podesta,
Class of ’65 to Edward A. Chris
tensen, Otero. Class of '65.
ENGAGEMENT
Ruble Hall announces the en
gagement of Jane Ann Podesta,
Class of ’65 to Edward A. Chris
tensen, Otero. Class of '65.
ENGAGEMENT
Ruble Hall announces the en
gagement of Jane Ann Podesta,
Class of ’65 to Edward A. Chris
tensen, Otero. Class of '65.
ENGAGEMENT
Ruble Hall announces the en
gagement of Jane Ann Podesta,
Class of ’65 to Edward A. Chris
tensen, Otero. Class of '65.
ENGAGEMENT
Ruble Hall announces the en
gagement of Jane Ann Podesta,
Class of ’65 to Edward A. Chris
tensen, Otero. Class of '65.
ENGAGEMENT
Ruble Hall announces the en
gagement of Jane Ann Podesta,
Class of ’65 to Edward A. Chris
tensen, Otero. Class of '65.
ENGAGEMENT
Ruble Hall announces the en
gagement of Jane Ann Podesta,
Class of ’65 to Edward A. Chris
tensen, Otero. Class of '65.
ENGAGEMENT
Ruble Hall announces the en
gagement of Jane Ann Podesta,
Class of ’65 to Edward A. Chris
tensen, Otero. Class of '65.
ENGAGEMENT
Ruble Hall announces the en
gagement of Jane Ann Podesta,
Class of ’65 to Edward A. Chris
tensen, Otero. Class of '65.
ENGAGEMENT
Ruble Hall announces the en
gagement of Jane Ann Podesta,
Class of ’65 to Edward A. Chris
tensen, Otero. Class of '65.
ENGAGEMENT
Ruble Hall announces the en
gagement of Jane Ann Podesta,
Class of ’65 to Edward A. Chris
tensen, Otero. Class of '65.
