# BELIEVED HELD BY REDS
## Vanished Student in East German Prison? 
### 
WASHINGTON i UPI) —A Cal
ifornia Congressman said yester
day that 19-year-old Stanford stu
dent Robert E. Mann, of Sepo
lueda, Calif., who disappered be
hind the Berlin wall last month
is believed to he in an East Gcr-

man prison.
Representative Edgar VV. Hie
stand, (R-Cal), said the report
about the youth was unoficial.
But no said U.S. officials said it
probably is true.
"We have no knowledge of why
the hoy is behind bars," Hiestand
said. "There is nothing to indi
cate what charges have been
made against him or even what
prison in which lie is being held
captive.”
The U.S. mission in West Berlin
was notified by another American
student that Mann never returned
after going to East Berlin for a
one day visit.
Mann left the campus at Stutt
gart just before Christmas. Hie
stand said it was known that
while living in a boarding house
there, Mann made friends with
some students at a Humboldt
school in the Communist zone.
Hiestand said, “Further inves
tigations will be conducted to
determine methods to bring the
youth from behind the wall.”
WASHINGTON i UPI) —A Cal
ifornia Congressman said yester
day that 19-year-old Stanford stu
dent Robert E. Mann, of Sepo
lueda, Calif., who disappered be
hind the Berlin wall last month
is believed to he in an East Gcr-

man prison.
Representative Edgar VV. Hie
stand, (R-Cal), said the report
about the youth was unoficial.
But no said U.S. officials said it
probably is true.
"We have no knowledge of why
the hoy is behind bars," Hiestand
said. "There is nothing to indi
cate what charges have been
made against him or even what
prison in which lie is being held
captive.”
The U.S. mission in West Berlin
was notified by another American
student that Mann never returned
after going to East Berlin for a
one day visit.
Mann left the campus at Stutt
gart just before Christmas. Hie
stand said it was known that
while living in a boarding house
there, Mann made friends with
some students at a Humboldt
school in the Communist zone.
Hiestand said, “Further inves
tigations will be conducted to
determine methods to bring the
youth from behind the wall.”
WASHINGTON i UPI) —A Cal
ifornia Congressman said yester
day that 19-year-old Stanford stu
dent Robert E. Mann, of Sepo
lueda, Calif., who disappered be
hind the Berlin wall last month
is believed to he in an East Gcr-

man prison.
Representative Edgar VV. Hie
stand, (R-Cal), said the report
about the youth was unoficial.
But no said U.S. officials said it
probably is true.
"We have no knowledge of why
the hoy is behind bars," Hiestand
said. "There is nothing to indi
cate what charges have been
made against him or even what
prison in which lie is being held
captive.”
The U.S. mission in West Berlin
was notified by another American
student that Mann never returned
after going to East Berlin for a
one day visit.
Mann left the campus at Stutt
gart just before Christmas. Hie
stand said it was known that
while living in a boarding house
there, Mann made friends with
some students at a Humboldt
school in the Communist zone.
Hiestand said, “Further inves
tigations will be conducted to
determine methods to bring the
youth from behind the wall.”
WASHINGTON i UPI) —A Cal
ifornia Congressman said yester
day that 19-year-old Stanford stu
dent Robert E. Mann, of Sepo
lueda, Calif., who disappered be
hind the Berlin wall last month
is believed to he in an East Gcr-

man prison.
Representative Edgar VV. Hie
stand, (R-Cal), said the report
about the youth was unoficial.
But no said U.S. officials said it
probably is true.
"We have no knowledge of why
the hoy is behind bars," Hiestand
said. "There is nothing to indi
cate what charges have been
made against him or even what
prison in which lie is being held
captive.”
The U.S. mission in West Berlin
was notified by another American
student that Mann never returned
after going to East Berlin for a
one day visit.
Mann left the campus at Stutt
gart just before Christmas. Hie
stand said it was known that
while living in a boarding house
there, Mann made friends with
some students at a Humboldt
school in the Communist zone.
Hiestand said, “Further inves
tigations will be conducted to
determine methods to bring the
youth from behind the wall.”
WASHINGTON i UPI) —A Cal
ifornia Congressman said yester
day that 19-year-old Stanford stu
dent Robert E. Mann, of Sepo
lueda, Calif., who disappered be
hind the Berlin wall last month
is believed to he in an East Gcr-

man prison.
Representative Edgar VV. Hie
stand, (R-Cal), said the report
about the youth was unoficial.
But no said U.S. officials said it
probably is true.
"We have no knowledge of why
the hoy is behind bars," Hiestand
said. "There is nothing to indi
cate what charges have been
made against him or even what
prison in which lie is being held
captive.”
The U.S. mission in West Berlin
was notified by another American
student that Mann never returned
after going to East Berlin for a
one day visit.
Mann left the campus at Stutt
gart just before Christmas. Hie
stand said it was known that
while living in a boarding house
there, Mann made friends with
some students at a Humboldt
school in the Communist zone.
Hiestand said, “Further inves
tigations will be conducted to
determine methods to bring the
youth from behind the wall.”
WASHINGTON i UPI) —A Cal
ifornia Congressman said yester
day that 19-year-old Stanford stu
dent Robert E. Mann, of Sepo
lueda, Calif., who disappered be
hind the Berlin wall last month
is believed to he in an East Gcr-

man prison.
Representative Edgar VV. Hie
stand, (R-Cal), said the report
about the youth was unoficial.
But no said U.S. officials said it
probably is true.
"We have no knowledge of why
the hoy is behind bars," Hiestand
said. "There is nothing to indi
cate what charges have been
made against him or even what
prison in which lie is being held
captive.”
The U.S. mission in West Berlin
was notified by another American
student that Mann never returned
after going to East Berlin for a
one day visit.
Mann left the campus at Stutt
gart just before Christmas. Hie
stand said it was known that
while living in a boarding house
there, Mann made friends with
some students at a Humboldt
school in the Communist zone.
Hiestand said, “Further inves
tigations will be conducted to
determine methods to bring the
youth from behind the wall.”
WASHINGTON i UPI) —A Cal
ifornia Congressman said yester
day that 19-year-old Stanford stu
dent Robert E. Mann, of Sepo
lueda, Calif., who disappered be
hind the Berlin wall last month
is believed to he in an East Gcr-

man prison.
Representative Edgar VV. Hie
stand, (R-Cal), said the report
about the youth was unoficial.
But no said U.S. officials said it
probably is true.
"We have no knowledge of why
the hoy is behind bars," Hiestand
said. "There is nothing to indi
cate what charges have been
made against him or even what
prison in which lie is being held
captive.”
The U.S. mission in West Berlin
was notified by another American
student that Mann never returned
after going to East Berlin for a
one day visit.
Mann left the campus at Stutt
gart just before Christmas. Hie
stand said it was known that
while living in a boarding house
there, Mann made friends with
some students at a Humboldt
school in the Communist zone.
Hiestand said, “Further inves
tigations will be conducted to
determine methods to bring the
youth from behind the wall.”
WASHINGTON i UPI) —A Cal
ifornia Congressman said yester
day that 19-year-old Stanford stu
dent Robert E. Mann, of Sepo
lueda, Calif., who disappered be
hind the Berlin wall last month
is believed to he in an East Gcr-

man prison.
Representative Edgar VV. Hie
stand, (R-Cal), said the report
about the youth was unoficial.
But no said U.S. officials said it
probably is true.
"We have no knowledge of why
the hoy is behind bars," Hiestand
said. "There is nothing to indi
cate what charges have been
made against him or even what
prison in which lie is being held
captive.”
The U.S. mission in West Berlin
was notified by another American
student that Mann never returned
after going to East Berlin for a
one day visit.
Mann left the campus at Stutt
gart just before Christmas. Hie
stand said it was known that
while living in a boarding house
there, Mann made friends with
some students at a Humboldt
school in the Communist zone.
Hiestand said, “Further inves
tigations will be conducted to
determine methods to bring the
youth from behind the wall.”
WASHINGTON i UPI) —A Cal
ifornia Congressman said yester
day that 19-year-old Stanford stu
dent Robert E. Mann, of Sepo
lueda, Calif., who disappered be
hind the Berlin wall last month
is believed to he in an East Gcr-

man prison.
Representative Edgar VV. Hie
stand, (R-Cal), said the report
about the youth was unoficial.
But no said U.S. officials said it
probably is true.
"We have no knowledge of why
the hoy is behind bars," Hiestand
said. "There is nothing to indi
cate what charges have been
made against him or even what
prison in which lie is being held
captive.”
The U.S. mission in West Berlin
was notified by another American
student that Mann never returned
after going to East Berlin for a
one day visit.
Mann left the campus at Stutt
gart just before Christmas. Hie
stand said it was known that
while living in a boarding house
there, Mann made friends with
some students at a Humboldt
school in the Communist zone.
Hiestand said, “Further inves
tigations will be conducted to
determine methods to bring the
youth from behind the wall.”
WASHINGTON i UPI) —A Cal
ifornia Congressman said yester
day that 19-year-old Stanford stu
dent Robert E. Mann, of Sepo
lueda, Calif., who disappered be
hind the Berlin wall last month
is believed to he in an East Gcr-

man prison.
Representative Edgar VV. Hie
stand, (R-Cal), said the report
about the youth was unoficial.
But no said U.S. officials said it
probably is true.
"We have no knowledge of why
the hoy is behind bars," Hiestand
said. "There is nothing to indi
cate what charges have been
made against him or even what
prison in which lie is being held
captive.”
The U.S. mission in West Berlin
was notified by another American
student that Mann never returned
after going to East Berlin for a
one day visit.
Mann left the campus at Stutt
gart just before Christmas. Hie
stand said it was known that
while living in a boarding house
there, Mann made friends with
some students at a Humboldt
school in the Communist zone.
Hiestand said, “Further inves
tigations will be conducted to
determine methods to bring the
youth from behind the wall.”
WASHINGTON i UPI) —A Cal
ifornia Congressman said yester
day that 19-year-old Stanford stu
dent Robert E. Mann, of Sepo
lueda, Calif., who disappered be
hind the Berlin wall last month
is believed to he in an East Gcr-

man prison.
Representative Edgar VV. Hie
stand, (R-Cal), said the report
about the youth was unoficial.
But no said U.S. officials said it
probably is true.
"We have no knowledge of why
the hoy is behind bars," Hiestand
said. "There is nothing to indi
cate what charges have been
made against him or even what
prison in which lie is being held
captive.”
The U.S. mission in West Berlin
was notified by another American
student that Mann never returned
after going to East Berlin for a
one day visit.
Mann left the campus at Stutt
gart just before Christmas. Hie
stand said it was known that
while living in a boarding house
there, Mann made friends with
some students at a Humboldt
school in the Communist zone.
Hiestand said, “Further inves
tigations will be conducted to
determine methods to bring the
youth from behind the wall.”
WASHINGTON i UPI) —A Cal
ifornia Congressman said yester
day that 19-year-old Stanford stu
dent Robert E. Mann, of Sepo
lueda, Calif., who disappered be
hind the Berlin wall last month
is believed to he in an East Gcr-

man prison.
Representative Edgar VV. Hie
stand, (R-Cal), said the report
about the youth was unoficial.
But no said U.S. officials said it
probably is true.
"We have no knowledge of why
the hoy is behind bars," Hiestand
said. "There is nothing to indi
cate what charges have been
made against him or even what
prison in which lie is being held
captive.”
The U.S. mission in West Berlin
was notified by another American
student that Mann never returned
after going to East Berlin for a
one day visit.
Mann left the campus at Stutt
gart just before Christmas. Hie
stand said it was known that
while living in a boarding house
there, Mann made friends with
some students at a Humboldt
school in the Communist zone.
Hiestand said, “Further inves
tigations will be conducted to
determine methods to bring the
youth from behind the wall.”
WASHINGTON i UPI) —A Cal
ifornia Congressman said yester
day that 19-year-old Stanford stu
dent Robert E. Mann, of Sepo
lueda, Calif., who disappered be
hind the Berlin wall last month
is believed to he in an East Gcr-

man prison.
Representative Edgar VV. Hie
stand, (R-Cal), said the report
about the youth was unoficial.
But no said U.S. officials said it
probably is true.
"We have no knowledge of why
the hoy is behind bars," Hiestand
said. "There is nothing to indi
cate what charges have been
made against him or even what
prison in which lie is being held
captive.”
The U.S. mission in West Berlin
was notified by another American
student that Mann never returned
after going to East Berlin for a
one day visit.
Mann left the campus at Stutt
gart just before Christmas. Hie
stand said it was known that
while living in a boarding house
there, Mann made friends with
some students at a Humboldt
school in the Communist zone.
Hiestand said, “Further inves
tigations will be conducted to
determine methods to bring the
youth from behind the wall.”
WASHINGTON i UPI) —A Cal
ifornia Congressman said yester
day that 19-year-old Stanford stu
dent Robert E. Mann, of Sepo
lueda, Calif., who disappered be
hind the Berlin wall last month
is believed to he in an East Gcr-

man prison.
Representative Edgar VV. Hie
stand, (R-Cal), said the report
about the youth was unoficial.
But no said U.S. officials said it
probably is true.
"We have no knowledge of why
the hoy is behind bars," Hiestand
said. "There is nothing to indi
cate what charges have been
made against him or even what
prison in which lie is being held
captive.”
The U.S. mission in West Berlin
was notified by another American
student that Mann never returned
after going to East Berlin for a
one day visit.
Mann left the campus at Stutt
gart just before Christmas. Hie
stand said it was known that
while living in a boarding house
there, Mann made friends with
some students at a Humboldt
school in the Communist zone.
Hiestand said, “Further inves
tigations will be conducted to
determine methods to bring the
youth from behind the wall.”
WASHINGTON i UPI) —A Cal
ifornia Congressman said yester
day that 19-year-old Stanford stu
dent Robert E. Mann, of Sepo
lueda, Calif., who disappered be
hind the Berlin wall last month
is believed to he in an East Gcr-

man prison.
Representative Edgar VV. Hie
stand, (R-Cal), said the report
about the youth was unoficial.
But no said U.S. officials said it
probably is true.
"We have no knowledge of why
the hoy is behind bars," Hiestand
said. "There is nothing to indi
cate what charges have been
made against him or even what
prison in which lie is being held
captive.”
The U.S. mission in West Berlin
was notified by another American
student that Mann never returned
after going to East Berlin for a
one day visit.
Mann left the campus at Stutt
gart just before Christmas. Hie
stand said it was known that
while living in a boarding house
there, Mann made friends with
some students at a Humboldt
school in the Communist zone.
Hiestand said, “Further inves
tigations will be conducted to
determine methods to bring the
youth from behind the wall.”
WASHINGTON i UPI) —A Cal
ifornia Congressman said yester
day that 19-year-old Stanford stu
dent Robert E. Mann, of Sepo
lueda, Calif., who disappered be
hind the Berlin wall last month
is believed to he in an East Gcr-

man prison.
Representative Edgar VV. Hie
stand, (R-Cal), said the report
about the youth was unoficial.
But no said U.S. officials said it
probably is true.
"We have no knowledge of why
the hoy is behind bars," Hiestand
said. "There is nothing to indi
cate what charges have been
made against him or even what
prison in which lie is being held
captive.”
The U.S. mission in West Berlin
was notified by another American
student that Mann never returned
after going to East Berlin for a
one day visit.
Mann left the campus at Stutt
gart just before Christmas. Hie
stand said it was known that
while living in a boarding house
there, Mann made friends with
some students at a Humboldt
school in the Communist zone.
Hiestand said, “Further inves
tigations will be conducted to
determine methods to bring the
youth from behind the wall.”
WASHINGTON i UPI) —A Cal
ifornia Congressman said yester
day that 19-year-old Stanford stu
dent Robert E. Mann, of Sepo
lueda, Calif., who disappered be
hind the Berlin wall last month
is believed to he in an East Gcr-

man prison.
Representative Edgar VV. Hie
stand, (R-Cal), said the report
about the youth was unoficial.
But no said U.S. officials said it
probably is true.
"We have no knowledge of why
the hoy is behind bars," Hiestand
said. "There is nothing to indi
cate what charges have been
made against him or even what
prison in which lie is being held
captive.”
The U.S. mission in West Berlin
was notified by another American
student that Mann never returned
after going to East Berlin for a
one day visit.
Mann left the campus at Stutt
gart just before Christmas. Hie
stand said it was known that
while living in a boarding house
there, Mann made friends with
some students at a Humboldt
school in the Communist zone.
Hiestand said, “Further inves
tigations will be conducted to
determine methods to bring the
youth from behind the wall.”
