# NEW SOCIETY FORMED
## CHEMISTRY MAJORS ORGANIZE INTO CLUB. Application to Be Made for Membership to Mim Kaph Mim of the University of California. 
### 
A new honorary society has been
organized among the Chemistry
students in the University as a
result of a movement begun earlier
in the semester. A meeting was
held at which officers were elected
and a constitution adopted, but be
yond this nothing more has been
done. There are fifteen charter
members in the society, all of them
upperclassmen and graduate stu
dents. The instructors in the
Chemistry department are to be
granted honorary membership.
The society has not yet chosen a
name, but it has been suggested
that it affiliate with the Mim Kaph
Mim, the chemistry society at the
University of California, of which
Professor Still man of Stanford is an
honorary member. However, no
decisive action has yet been taken
as the matter has not been brought
formally before the society for con
sideration, though this will prob
ably soon be done if satisfactory
arrangements can be made with
California. The officers of the new
society are: W. D. Forbes, '06, pres
ident; I). M. Greer, '05, vice-pres
ident; and \V. Shearer, '05, secre
tary and treasurer.
A new honorary society has been
organized among the Chemistry
students in the University as a
result of a movement begun earlier
in the semester. A meeting was
held at which officers were elected
and a constitution adopted, but be
yond this nothing more has been
done. There are fifteen charter
members in the society, all of them
upperclassmen and graduate stu
dents. The instructors in the
Chemistry department are to be
granted honorary membership.
The society has not yet chosen a
name, but it has been suggested
that it affiliate with the Mim Kaph
Mim, the chemistry society at the
University of California, of which
Professor Still man of Stanford is an
honorary member. However, no
decisive action has yet been taken
as the matter has not been brought
formally before the society for con
sideration, though this will prob
ably soon be done if satisfactory
arrangements can be made with
California. The officers of the new
society are: W. D. Forbes, '06, pres
ident; I). M. Greer, '05, vice-pres
ident; and \V. Shearer, '05, secre
tary and treasurer.
A new honorary society has been
organized among the Chemistry
students in the University as a
result of a movement begun earlier
in the semester. A meeting was
held at which officers were elected
and a constitution adopted, but be
yond this nothing more has been
done. There are fifteen charter
members in the society, all of them
upperclassmen and graduate stu
dents. The instructors in the
Chemistry department are to be
granted honorary membership.
The society has not yet chosen a
name, but it has been suggested
that it affiliate with the Mim Kaph
Mim, the chemistry society at the
University of California, of which
Professor Still man of Stanford is an
honorary member. However, no
decisive action has yet been taken
as the matter has not been brought
formally before the society for con
sideration, though this will prob
ably soon be done if satisfactory
arrangements can be made with
California. The officers of the new
society are: W. D. Forbes, '06, pres
ident; I). M. Greer, '05, vice-pres
ident; and \V. Shearer, '05, secre
tary and treasurer.
A new honorary society has been
organized among the Chemistry
students in the University as a
result of a movement begun earlier
in the semester. A meeting was
held at which officers were elected
and a constitution adopted, but be
yond this nothing more has been
done. There are fifteen charter
members in the society, all of them
upperclassmen and graduate stu
dents. The instructors in the
Chemistry department are to be
granted honorary membership.
The society has not yet chosen a
name, but it has been suggested
that it affiliate with the Mim Kaph
Mim, the chemistry society at the
University of California, of which
Professor Still man of Stanford is an
honorary member. However, no
decisive action has yet been taken
as the matter has not been brought
formally before the society for con
sideration, though this will prob
ably soon be done if satisfactory
arrangements can be made with
California. The officers of the new
society are: W. D. Forbes, '06, pres
ident; I). M. Greer, '05, vice-pres
ident; and \V. Shearer, '05, secre
tary and treasurer.
A new honorary society has been
organized among the Chemistry
students in the University as a
result of a movement begun earlier
in the semester. A meeting was
held at which officers were elected
and a constitution adopted, but be
yond this nothing more has been
done. There are fifteen charter
members in the society, all of them
upperclassmen and graduate stu
dents. The instructors in the
Chemistry department are to be
granted honorary membership.
The society has not yet chosen a
name, but it has been suggested
that it affiliate with the Mim Kaph
Mim, the chemistry society at the
University of California, of which
Professor Still man of Stanford is an
honorary member. However, no
decisive action has yet been taken
as the matter has not been brought
formally before the society for con
sideration, though this will prob
ably soon be done if satisfactory
arrangements can be made with
California. The officers of the new
society are: W. D. Forbes, '06, pres
ident; I). M. Greer, '05, vice-pres
ident; and \V. Shearer, '05, secre
tary and treasurer.
A new honorary society has been
organized among the Chemistry
students in the University as a
result of a movement begun earlier
in the semester. A meeting was
held at which officers were elected
and a constitution adopted, but be
yond this nothing more has been
done. There are fifteen charter
members in the society, all of them
upperclassmen and graduate stu
dents. The instructors in the
Chemistry department are to be
granted honorary membership.
The society has not yet chosen a
name, but it has been suggested
that it affiliate with the Mim Kaph
Mim, the chemistry society at the
University of California, of which
Professor Still man of Stanford is an
honorary member. However, no
decisive action has yet been taken
as the matter has not been brought
formally before the society for con
sideration, though this will prob
ably soon be done if satisfactory
arrangements can be made with
California. The officers of the new
society are: W. D. Forbes, '06, pres
ident; I). M. Greer, '05, vice-pres
ident; and \V. Shearer, '05, secre
tary and treasurer.
A new honorary society has been
organized among the Chemistry
students in the University as a
result of a movement begun earlier
in the semester. A meeting was
held at which officers were elected
and a constitution adopted, but be
yond this nothing more has been
done. There are fifteen charter
members in the society, all of them
upperclassmen and graduate stu
dents. The instructors in the
Chemistry department are to be
granted honorary membership.
The society has not yet chosen a
name, but it has been suggested
that it affiliate with the Mim Kaph
Mim, the chemistry society at the
University of California, of which
Professor Still man of Stanford is an
honorary member. However, no
decisive action has yet been taken
as the matter has not been brought
formally before the society for con
sideration, though this will prob
ably soon be done if satisfactory
arrangements can be made with
California. The officers of the new
society are: W. D. Forbes, '06, pres
ident; I). M. Greer, '05, vice-pres
ident; and \V. Shearer, '05, secre
tary and treasurer.
A new honorary society has been
organized among the Chemistry
students in the University as a
result of a movement begun earlier
in the semester. A meeting was
held at which officers were elected
and a constitution adopted, but be
yond this nothing more has been
done. There are fifteen charter
members in the society, all of them
upperclassmen and graduate stu
dents. The instructors in the
Chemistry department are to be
granted honorary membership.
The society has not yet chosen a
name, but it has been suggested
that it affiliate with the Mim Kaph
Mim, the chemistry society at the
University of California, of which
Professor Still man of Stanford is an
honorary member. However, no
decisive action has yet been taken
as the matter has not been brought
formally before the society for con
sideration, though this will prob
ably soon be done if satisfactory
arrangements can be made with
California. The officers of the new
society are: W. D. Forbes, '06, pres
ident; I). M. Greer, '05, vice-pres
ident; and \V. Shearer, '05, secre
tary and treasurer.
