# Miss Paxson to Speak Again.
## 
### 
Miss Ruth I'axson, the national
secretary of the Young Women's
Christian Association, has post
poned her return to the East, and
will return from San Francisco to
speak before the young women of
the University next Sunday even
ing at 7:30 in the chapel on " An
Eastern Message."
Miss Ruth I'axson, the national
secretary of the Young Women's
Christian Association, has post
poned her return to the East, and
will return from San Francisco to
speak before the young women of
the University next Sunday even
ing at 7:30 in the chapel on " An
Eastern Message."
Miss Ruth I'axson, the national
secretary of the Young Women's
Christian Association, has post
poned her return to the East, and
will return from San Francisco to
speak before the young women of
the University next Sunday even
ing at 7:30 in the chapel on " An
Eastern Message."
Miss Ruth I'axson, the national
secretary of the Young Women's
Christian Association, has post
poned her return to the East, and
will return from San Francisco to
speak before the young women of
the University next Sunday even
ing at 7:30 in the chapel on " An
Eastern Message."
Miss Ruth I'axson, the national
secretary of the Young Women's
Christian Association, has post
poned her return to the East, and
will return from San Francisco to
speak before the young women of
the University next Sunday even
ing at 7:30 in the chapel on " An
Eastern Message."
Miss Ruth I'axson, the national
secretary of the Young Women's
Christian Association, has post
poned her return to the East, and
will return from San Francisco to
speak before the young women of
the University next Sunday even
ing at 7:30 in the chapel on " An
Eastern Message."
Miss Ruth I'axson, the national
secretary of the Young Women's
Christian Association, has post
poned her return to the East, and
will return from San Francisco to
speak before the young women of
the University next Sunday even
ing at 7:30 in the chapel on " An
Eastern Message."
Miss Ruth I'axson, the national
secretary of the Young Women's
Christian Association, has post
poned her return to the East, and
will return from San Francisco to
speak before the young women of
the University next Sunday even
ing at 7:30 in the chapel on " An
Eastern Message."
