# Religion Professor Plans KPIX Talks
## 
### 
"Man and His Problems" vvill be
discussed by Dr. Alexander Mil
ler, professor of religion, on
KPIX each Sunday morning from
9:30 to 10 until April 26. A lele
course on the Christian faith de
signed for college students, lay
people of the churches and other
interested persons, the program
is presented by the Northern
California - Nevada Council of
Churches.
"Man and His Problems" vvill be
discussed by Dr. Alexander Mil
ler, professor of religion, on
KPIX each Sunday morning from
9:30 to 10 until April 26. A lele
course on the Christian faith de
signed for college students, lay
people of the churches and other
interested persons, the program
is presented by the Northern
California - Nevada Council of
Churches.
"Man and His Problems" vvill be
discussed by Dr. Alexander Mil
ler, professor of religion, on
KPIX each Sunday morning from
9:30 to 10 until April 26. A lele
course on the Christian faith de
signed for college students, lay
people of the churches and other
interested persons, the program
is presented by the Northern
California - Nevada Council of
Churches.
"Man and His Problems" vvill be
discussed by Dr. Alexander Mil
ler, professor of religion, on
KPIX each Sunday morning from
9:30 to 10 until April 26. A lele
course on the Christian faith de
signed for college students, lay
people of the churches and other
interested persons, the program
is presented by the Northern
California - Nevada Council of
Churches.
"Man and His Problems" vvill be
discussed by Dr. Alexander Mil
ler, professor of religion, on
KPIX each Sunday morning from
9:30 to 10 until April 26. A lele
course on the Christian faith de
signed for college students, lay
people of the churches and other
interested persons, the program
is presented by the Northern
California - Nevada Council of
Churches.
"Man and His Problems" vvill be
discussed by Dr. Alexander Mil
ler, professor of religion, on
KPIX each Sunday morning from
9:30 to 10 until April 26. A lele
course on the Christian faith de
signed for college students, lay
people of the churches and other
interested persons, the program
is presented by the Northern
California - Nevada Council of
Churches.
"Man and His Problems" vvill be
discussed by Dr. Alexander Mil
ler, professor of religion, on
KPIX each Sunday morning from
9:30 to 10 until April 26. A lele
course on the Christian faith de
signed for college students, lay
people of the churches and other
interested persons, the program
is presented by the Northern
California - Nevada Council of
Churches.
"Man and His Problems" vvill be
discussed by Dr. Alexander Mil
ler, professor of religion, on
KPIX each Sunday morning from
9:30 to 10 until April 26. A lele
course on the Christian faith de
signed for college students, lay
people of the churches and other
interested persons, the program
is presented by the Northern
California - Nevada Council of
Churches.
"Man and His Problems" vvill be
discussed by Dr. Alexander Mil
ler, professor of religion, on
KPIX each Sunday morning from
9:30 to 10 until April 26. A lele
course on the Christian faith de
signed for college students, lay
people of the churches and other
interested persons, the program
is presented by the Northern
California - Nevada Council of
Churches.
"Man and His Problems" vvill be
discussed by Dr. Alexander Mil
ler, professor of religion, on
KPIX each Sunday morning from
9:30 to 10 until April 26. A lele
course on the Christian faith de
signed for college students, lay
people of the churches and other
interested persons, the program
is presented by the Northern
California - Nevada Council of
Churches.
"Man and His Problems" vvill be
discussed by Dr. Alexander Mil
ler, professor of religion, on
KPIX each Sunday morning from
9:30 to 10 until April 26. A lele
course on the Christian faith de
signed for college students, lay
people of the churches and other
interested persons, the program
is presented by the Northern
California - Nevada Council of
Churches.
"Man and His Problems" vvill be
discussed by Dr. Alexander Mil
ler, professor of religion, on
KPIX each Sunday morning from
9:30 to 10 until April 26. A lele
course on the Christian faith de
signed for college students, lay
people of the churches and other
interested persons, the program
is presented by the Northern
California - Nevada Council of
Churches.
"Man and His Problems" vvill be
discussed by Dr. Alexander Mil
ler, professor of religion, on
KPIX each Sunday morning from
9:30 to 10 until April 26. A lele
course on the Christian faith de
signed for college students, lay
people of the churches and other
interested persons, the program
is presented by the Northern
California - Nevada Council of
Churches.
"Man and His Problems" vvill be
discussed by Dr. Alexander Mil
ler, professor of religion, on
KPIX each Sunday morning from
9:30 to 10 until April 26. A lele
course on the Christian faith de
signed for college students, lay
people of the churches and other
interested persons, the program
is presented by the Northern
California - Nevada Council of
Churches.
"Man and His Problems" vvill be
discussed by Dr. Alexander Mil
ler, professor of religion, on
KPIX each Sunday morning from
9:30 to 10 until April 26. A lele
course on the Christian faith de
signed for college students, lay
people of the churches and other
interested persons, the program
is presented by the Northern
California - Nevada Council of
Churches.
"Man and His Problems" vvill be
discussed by Dr. Alexander Mil
ler, professor of religion, on
KPIX each Sunday morning from
9:30 to 10 until April 26. A lele
course on the Christian faith de
signed for college students, lay
people of the churches and other
interested persons, the program
is presented by the Northern
California - Nevada Council of
Churches.
"Man and His Problems" vvill be
discussed by Dr. Alexander Mil
ler, professor of religion, on
KPIX each Sunday morning from
9:30 to 10 until April 26. A lele
course on the Christian faith de
signed for college students, lay
people of the churches and other
interested persons, the program
is presented by the Northern
California - Nevada Council of
Churches.
