# Fairclough Returns Tomorrow.
## 
### 
Professor H. R. Fairclough will re
turn to the campus tomorrow from his
lecture tour of the societies of the
Archaeological Institute of America in
the northwest.
Professor H. R. Fairclough will re
turn to the campus tomorrow from his
lecture tour of the societies of the
Archaeological Institute of America in
the northwest.
Professor H. R. Fairclough will re
turn to the campus tomorrow from his
lecture tour of the societies of the
Archaeological Institute of America in
the northwest.
Professor H. R. Fairclough will re
turn to the campus tomorrow from his
lecture tour of the societies of the
Archaeological Institute of America in
the northwest.
Professor H. R. Fairclough will re
turn to the campus tomorrow from his
lecture tour of the societies of the
Archaeological Institute of America in
the northwest.
Professor H. R. Fairclough will re
turn to the campus tomorrow from his
lecture tour of the societies of the
Archaeological Institute of America in
the northwest.
Professor H. R. Fairclough will re
turn to the campus tomorrow from his
lecture tour of the societies of the
Archaeological Institute of America in
the northwest.
Professor H. R. Fairclough will re
turn to the campus tomorrow from his
lecture tour of the societies of the
Archaeological Institute of America in
the northwest.
Professor H. R. Fairclough will re
turn to the campus tomorrow from his
lecture tour of the societies of the
Archaeological Institute of America in
the northwest.
Professor H. R. Fairclough will re
turn to the campus tomorrow from his
lecture tour of the societies of the
Archaeological Institute of America in
the northwest.
Professor H. R. Fairclough will re
turn to the campus tomorrow from his
lecture tour of the societies of the
Archaeological Institute of America in
the northwest.
Professor H. R. Fairclough will re
turn to the campus tomorrow from his
lecture tour of the societies of the
Archaeological Institute of America in
the northwest.
Professor H. R. Fairclough will re
turn to the campus tomorrow from his
lecture tour of the societies of the
Archaeological Institute of America in
the northwest.
Professor H. R. Fairclough will re
turn to the campus tomorrow from his
lecture tour of the societies of the
Archaeological Institute of America in
the northwest.
