# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
■
«
i
a
■
■
£
■
■
p
p
* INDIANS,
Once upon a time,
there lived a guy
named Hansel who
was trying to make
the scene with a
blond beauty named
Crete!. He was
frankly a flop for his
pants were un
creased forever!
Then he heard about
the Warranty
Worsted suits at
R A for 69.50 with
the crease that never
comes out. Success!
i
■
■
■
a
■
■
«
■
«
i
a
■
■
£
■
■
p
p
* INDIANS,
Once upon a time,
there lived a guy
named Hansel who
was trying to make
the scene with a
blond beauty named
Crete!. He was
frankly a flop for his
pants were un
creased forever!
Then he heard about
the Warranty
Worsted suits at
R A for 69.50 with
the crease that never
comes out. Success!
i
■
■
■
a
■
■
«
■
«
i
a
■
■
£
■
■
p
p
* INDIANS,
Once upon a time,
there lived a guy
named Hansel who
was trying to make
the scene with a
blond beauty named
Crete!. He was
frankly a flop for his
pants were un
creased forever!
Then he heard about
the Warranty
Worsted suits at
R A for 69.50 with
the crease that never
comes out. Success!
i
■
■
■
a
■
■
«
■
«
i
a
■
■
£
■
■
p
p
* INDIANS,
Once upon a time,
there lived a guy
named Hansel who
was trying to make
the scene with a
blond beauty named
Crete!. He was
frankly a flop for his
pants were un
creased forever!
Then he heard about
the Warranty
Worsted suits at
R A for 69.50 with
the crease that never
comes out. Success!
i
■
■
■
a
■
■
«
■
«
i
a
■
■
£
■
■
p
p
* INDIANS,
Once upon a time,
there lived a guy
named Hansel who
was trying to make
the scene with a
blond beauty named
Crete!. He was
frankly a flop for his
pants were un
creased forever!
Then he heard about
the Warranty
Worsted suits at
R A for 69.50 with
the crease that never
comes out. Success!
i
■
■
■
a
■
■
«
■
«
i
a
■
■
£
■
■
p
p
* INDIANS,
Once upon a time,
there lived a guy
named Hansel who
was trying to make
the scene with a
blond beauty named
Crete!. He was
frankly a flop for his
pants were un
creased forever!
Then he heard about
the Warranty
Worsted suits at
R A for 69.50 with
the crease that never
comes out. Success!
i
■
■
■
a
■
■
«
■
«
i
a
■
■
£
■
■
p
p
* INDIANS,
Once upon a time,
there lived a guy
named Hansel who
was trying to make
the scene with a
blond beauty named
Crete!. He was
frankly a flop for his
pants were un
creased forever!
Then he heard about
the Warranty
Worsted suits at
R A for 69.50 with
the crease that never
comes out. Success!
i
■
■
■
a
■
■
«
■
«
i
a
■
■
£
■
■
p
p
* INDIANS,
Once upon a time,
there lived a guy
named Hansel who
was trying to make
the scene with a
blond beauty named
Crete!. He was
frankly a flop for his
pants were un
creased forever!
Then he heard about
the Warranty
Worsted suits at
R A for 69.50 with
the crease that never
comes out. Success!
i
■
■
■
a
■
■
«
■
«
i
a
■
■
£
■
■
p
p
* INDIANS,
Once upon a time,
there lived a guy
named Hansel who
was trying to make
the scene with a
blond beauty named
Crete!. He was
frankly a flop for his
pants were un
creased forever!
Then he heard about
the Warranty
Worsted suits at
R A for 69.50 with
the crease that never
comes out. Success!
i
■
■
■
a
■
■
«
■
«
i
a
■
■
£
■
■
p
p
* INDIANS,
Once upon a time,
there lived a guy
named Hansel who
was trying to make
the scene with a
blond beauty named
Crete!. He was
frankly a flop for his
pants were un
creased forever!
Then he heard about
the Warranty
Worsted suits at
R A for 69.50 with
the crease that never
comes out. Success!
i
■
■
■
a
■
■
«
■
«
i
a
■
■
£
■
■
p
p
* INDIANS,
Once upon a time,
there lived a guy
named Hansel who
was trying to make
the scene with a
blond beauty named
Crete!. He was
frankly a flop for his
pants were un
creased forever!
Then he heard about
the Warranty
Worsted suits at
R A for 69.50 with
the crease that never
comes out. Success!
i
■
■
■
a
■
■
«
■
«
i
a
■
■
£
■
■
p
p
* INDIANS,
Once upon a time,
there lived a guy
named Hansel who
was trying to make
the scene with a
blond beauty named
Crete!. He was
frankly a flop for his
pants were un
creased forever!
Then he heard about
the Warranty
Worsted suits at
R A for 69.50 with
the crease that never
comes out. Success!
i
■
■
■
a
■
■
«
■
«
i
a
■
■
£
■
■
p
p
* INDIANS,
Once upon a time,
there lived a guy
named Hansel who
was trying to make
the scene with a
blond beauty named
Crete!. He was
frankly a flop for his
pants were un
creased forever!
Then he heard about
the Warranty
Worsted suits at
R A for 69.50 with
the crease that never
comes out. Success!
i
■
■
■
a
■
■
«
■
«
i
a
■
■
£
■
■
p
p
* INDIANS,
Once upon a time,
there lived a guy
named Hansel who
was trying to make
the scene with a
blond beauty named
Crete!. He was
frankly a flop for his
pants were un
creased forever!
Then he heard about
the Warranty
Worsted suits at
R A for 69.50 with
the crease that never
comes out. Success!
i
■
■
■
a
■
■
«
■
«
i
a
■
■
£
■
■
p
p
* INDIANS,
Once upon a time,
there lived a guy
named Hansel who
was trying to make
the scene with a
blond beauty named
Crete!. He was
frankly a flop for his
pants were un
creased forever!
Then he heard about
the Warranty
Worsted suits at
R A for 69.50 with
the crease that never
comes out. Success!
i
■
■
■
a
■
■
«
■
«
i
a
■
■
£
■
■
p
p
* INDIANS,
Once upon a time,
there lived a guy
named Hansel who
was trying to make
the scene with a
blond beauty named
Crete!. He was
frankly a flop for his
pants were un
creased forever!
Then he heard about
the Warranty
Worsted suits at
R A for 69.50 with
the crease that never
comes out. Success!
i
■
■
■
a
■
■
«
