# RIFLERS WIN
## 
### 
Stanford rifle team defeated Uni
versity of San Francisco, 1.353 to
1.297. in a match here Wednesday
afternon. High for the Indians was
B. Spencer with 274 points.
Stanford rifle team defeated Uni
versity of San Francisco, 1.353 to
1.297. in a match here Wednesday
afternon. High for the Indians was
B. Spencer with 274 points.
Stanford rifle team defeated Uni
versity of San Francisco, 1.353 to
1.297. in a match here Wednesday
afternon. High for the Indians was
B. Spencer with 274 points.
Stanford rifle team defeated Uni
versity of San Francisco, 1.353 to
1.297. in a match here Wednesday
afternon. High for the Indians was
B. Spencer with 274 points.
Stanford rifle team defeated Uni
versity of San Francisco, 1.353 to
1.297. in a match here Wednesday
afternon. High for the Indians was
B. Spencer with 274 points.
Stanford rifle team defeated Uni
versity of San Francisco, 1.353 to
1.297. in a match here Wednesday
afternon. High for the Indians was
B. Spencer with 274 points.
Stanford rifle team defeated Uni
versity of San Francisco, 1.353 to
1.297. in a match here Wednesday
afternon. High for the Indians was
B. Spencer with 274 points.
Stanford rifle team defeated Uni
versity of San Francisco, 1.353 to
1.297. in a match here Wednesday
afternon. High for the Indians was
B. Spencer with 274 points.
Stanford rifle team defeated Uni
versity of San Francisco, 1.353 to
1.297. in a match here Wednesday
afternon. High for the Indians was
B. Spencer with 274 points.
Stanford rifle team defeated Uni
versity of San Francisco, 1.353 to
1.297. in a match here Wednesday
afternon. High for the Indians was
B. Spencer with 274 points.
Stanford rifle team defeated Uni
versity of San Francisco, 1.353 to
1.297. in a match here Wednesday
afternon. High for the Indians was
B. Spencer with 274 points.
Stanford rifle team defeated Uni
versity of San Francisco, 1.353 to
1.297. in a match here Wednesday
afternon. High for the Indians was
B. Spencer with 274 points.
Stanford rifle team defeated Uni
versity of San Francisco, 1.353 to
1.297. in a match here Wednesday
afternon. High for the Indians was
B. Spencer with 274 points.
Stanford rifle team defeated Uni
versity of San Francisco, 1.353 to
1.297. in a match here Wednesday
afternon. High for the Indians was
B. Spencer with 274 points.
Stanford rifle team defeated Uni
versity of San Francisco, 1.353 to
1.297. in a match here Wednesday
afternon. High for the Indians was
B. Spencer with 274 points.
