# Alpine Club Hikers Will Climb Sunday
## 
### 
Members of the Alpine Club will
climb the Pinnacles National Mon
ument Sunday, Larry Taylor an
nounced yesterday. The rock is ap
proximately 36 miles south of Hol
lister.
There will be no definite leaders,
so persons must make their own ar
rangements as 1o time of departure
and transportation. Ropes may be
obtained from the Alpha Sig house.
At least one member of each rope
team should have had previous
experience on this rock, Taylor
stressed.
During the vacation period, club
members will attempt climbing the
Middle Palisade Peak.
Members of the Alpine Club will
climb the Pinnacles National Mon
ument Sunday, Larry Taylor an
nounced yesterday. The rock is ap
proximately 36 miles south of Hol
lister.
There will be no definite leaders,
so persons must make their own ar
rangements as 1o time of departure
and transportation. Ropes may be
obtained from the Alpha Sig house.
At least one member of each rope
team should have had previous
experience on this rock, Taylor
stressed.
During the vacation period, club
members will attempt climbing the
Middle Palisade Peak.
Members of the Alpine Club will
climb the Pinnacles National Mon
ument Sunday, Larry Taylor an
nounced yesterday. The rock is ap
proximately 36 miles south of Hol
lister.
There will be no definite leaders,
so persons must make their own ar
rangements as 1o time of departure
and transportation. Ropes may be
obtained from the Alpha Sig house.
At least one member of each rope
team should have had previous
experience on this rock, Taylor
stressed.
During the vacation period, club
members will attempt climbing the
Middle Palisade Peak.
Members of the Alpine Club will
climb the Pinnacles National Mon
ument Sunday, Larry Taylor an
nounced yesterday. The rock is ap
proximately 36 miles south of Hol
lister.
There will be no definite leaders,
so persons must make their own ar
rangements as 1o time of departure
and transportation. Ropes may be
obtained from the Alpha Sig house.
At least one member of each rope
team should have had previous
experience on this rock, Taylor
stressed.
During the vacation period, club
members will attempt climbing the
Middle Palisade Peak.
Members of the Alpine Club will
climb the Pinnacles National Mon
ument Sunday, Larry Taylor an
nounced yesterday. The rock is ap
proximately 36 miles south of Hol
lister.
There will be no definite leaders,
so persons must make their own ar
rangements as 1o time of departure
and transportation. Ropes may be
obtained from the Alpha Sig house.
At least one member of each rope
team should have had previous
experience on this rock, Taylor
stressed.
During the vacation period, club
members will attempt climbing the
Middle Palisade Peak.
Members of the Alpine Club will
climb the Pinnacles National Mon
ument Sunday, Larry Taylor an
nounced yesterday. The rock is ap
proximately 36 miles south of Hol
lister.
There will be no definite leaders,
so persons must make their own ar
rangements as 1o time of departure
and transportation. Ropes may be
obtained from the Alpha Sig house.
At least one member of each rope
team should have had previous
experience on this rock, Taylor
stressed.
During the vacation period, club
members will attempt climbing the
Middle Palisade Peak.
Members of the Alpine Club will
climb the Pinnacles National Mon
ument Sunday, Larry Taylor an
nounced yesterday. The rock is ap
proximately 36 miles south of Hol
lister.
There will be no definite leaders,
so persons must make their own ar
rangements as 1o time of departure
and transportation. Ropes may be
obtained from the Alpha Sig house.
At least one member of each rope
team should have had previous
experience on this rock, Taylor
stressed.
During the vacation period, club
members will attempt climbing the
Middle Palisade Peak.
Members of the Alpine Club will
climb the Pinnacles National Mon
ument Sunday, Larry Taylor an
nounced yesterday. The rock is ap
proximately 36 miles south of Hol
lister.
There will be no definite leaders,
so persons must make their own ar
rangements as 1o time of departure
and transportation. Ropes may be
obtained from the Alpha Sig house.
At least one member of each rope
team should have had previous
experience on this rock, Taylor
stressed.
During the vacation period, club
members will attempt climbing the
Middle Palisade Peak.
Members of the Alpine Club will
climb the Pinnacles National Mon
ument Sunday, Larry Taylor an
nounced yesterday. The rock is ap
proximately 36 miles south of Hol
lister.
There will be no definite leaders,
so persons must make their own ar
rangements as 1o time of departure
and transportation. Ropes may be
obtained from the Alpha Sig house.
At least one member of each rope
team should have had previous
experience on this rock, Taylor
stressed.
During the vacation period, club
members will attempt climbing the
Middle Palisade Peak.
Members of the Alpine Club will
climb the Pinnacles National Mon
ument Sunday, Larry Taylor an
nounced yesterday. The rock is ap
proximately 36 miles south of Hol
lister.
There will be no definite leaders,
so persons must make their own ar
rangements as 1o time of departure
and transportation. Ropes may be
obtained from the Alpha Sig house.
At least one member of each rope
team should have had previous
experience on this rock, Taylor
stressed.
During the vacation period, club
members will attempt climbing the
Middle Palisade Peak.
Members of the Alpine Club will
climb the Pinnacles National Mon
ument Sunday, Larry Taylor an
nounced yesterday. The rock is ap
proximately 36 miles south of Hol
lister.
There will be no definite leaders,
so persons must make their own ar
rangements as 1o time of departure
and transportation. Ropes may be
obtained from the Alpha Sig house.
At least one member of each rope
team should have had previous
experience on this rock, Taylor
stressed.
During the vacation period, club
members will attempt climbing the
Middle Palisade Peak.
Members of the Alpine Club will
climb the Pinnacles National Mon
ument Sunday, Larry Taylor an
nounced yesterday. The rock is ap
proximately 36 miles south of Hol
lister.
There will be no definite leaders,
so persons must make their own ar
rangements as 1o time of departure
and transportation. Ropes may be
obtained from the Alpha Sig house.
At least one member of each rope
team should have had previous
experience on this rock, Taylor
stressed.
During the vacation period, club
members will attempt climbing the
Middle Palisade Peak.
Members of the Alpine Club will
climb the Pinnacles National Mon
ument Sunday, Larry Taylor an
nounced yesterday. The rock is ap
proximately 36 miles south of Hol
lister.
There will be no definite leaders,
so persons must make their own ar
rangements as 1o time of departure
and transportation. Ropes may be
obtained from the Alpha Sig house.
At least one member of each rope
team should have had previous
experience on this rock, Taylor
stressed.
During the vacation period, club
members will attempt climbing the
Middle Palisade Peak.
Members of the Alpine Club will
climb the Pinnacles National Mon
ument Sunday, Larry Taylor an
nounced yesterday. The rock is ap
proximately 36 miles south of Hol
lister.
There will be no definite leaders,
so persons must make their own ar
rangements as 1o time of departure
and transportation. Ropes may be
obtained from the Alpha Sig house.
At least one member of each rope
team should have had previous
experience on this rock, Taylor
stressed.
During the vacation period, club
members will attempt climbing the
Middle Palisade Peak.
Members of the Alpine Club will
climb the Pinnacles National Mon
ument Sunday, Larry Taylor an
nounced yesterday. The rock is ap
proximately 36 miles south of Hol
lister.
There will be no definite leaders,
so persons must make their own ar
rangements as 1o time of departure
and transportation. Ropes may be
obtained from the Alpha Sig house.
At least one member of each rope
team should have had previous
experience on this rock, Taylor
stressed.
During the vacation period, club
members will attempt climbing the
Middle Palisade Peak.
