# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The work of the Commission ot' En
gineers lias been completed. The re
sults accomplished by Professors
Marx, Durand and Wing cannot be
reckoned in dollars and cents. In re
pairing and reconstructing the builJ
ings of the University in such an ex
peditious manner that no break oc
curred in the regular work of the in
stitution, they have performed a serv
ice of inestimable value. They retire
with the merited congratulations and
thanks of the Student Body.
The work of the Commission ot' En
gineers lias been completed. The re
sults accomplished by Professors
Marx, Durand and Wing cannot be
reckoned in dollars and cents. In re
pairing and reconstructing the builJ
ings of the University in such an ex
peditious manner that no break oc
curred in the regular work of the in
stitution, they have performed a serv
ice of inestimable value. They retire
with the merited congratulations and
thanks of the Student Body.
The work of the Commission ot' En
gineers lias been completed. The re
sults accomplished by Professors
Marx, Durand and Wing cannot be
reckoned in dollars and cents. In re
pairing and reconstructing the builJ
ings of the University in such an ex
peditious manner that no break oc
curred in the regular work of the in
stitution, they have performed a serv
ice of inestimable value. They retire
with the merited congratulations and
thanks of the Student Body.
The work of the Commission ot' En
gineers lias been completed. The re
sults accomplished by Professors
Marx, Durand and Wing cannot be
reckoned in dollars and cents. In re
pairing and reconstructing the builJ
ings of the University in such an ex
peditious manner that no break oc
curred in the regular work of the in
stitution, they have performed a serv
ice of inestimable value. They retire
with the merited congratulations and
thanks of the Student Body.
The work of the Commission ot' En
gineers lias been completed. The re
sults accomplished by Professors
Marx, Durand and Wing cannot be
reckoned in dollars and cents. In re
pairing and reconstructing the builJ
ings of the University in such an ex
peditious manner that no break oc
curred in the regular work of the in
stitution, they have performed a serv
ice of inestimable value. They retire
with the merited congratulations and
thanks of the Student Body.
The work of the Commission ot' En
gineers lias been completed. The re
sults accomplished by Professors
Marx, Durand and Wing cannot be
reckoned in dollars and cents. In re
pairing and reconstructing the builJ
ings of the University in such an ex
peditious manner that no break oc
curred in the regular work of the in
stitution, they have performed a serv
ice of inestimable value. They retire
with the merited congratulations and
thanks of the Student Body.
The work of the Commission ot' En
gineers lias been completed. The re
sults accomplished by Professors
Marx, Durand and Wing cannot be
reckoned in dollars and cents. In re
pairing and reconstructing the builJ
ings of the University in such an ex
peditious manner that no break oc
curred in the regular work of the in
stitution, they have performed a serv
ice of inestimable value. They retire
with the merited congratulations and
thanks of the Student Body.
The work of the Commission ot' En
gineers lias been completed. The re
sults accomplished by Professors
Marx, Durand and Wing cannot be
reckoned in dollars and cents. In re
pairing and reconstructing the builJ
ings of the University in such an ex
peditious manner that no break oc
curred in the regular work of the in
stitution, they have performed a serv
ice of inestimable value. They retire
with the merited congratulations and
thanks of the Student Body.
The work of the Commission ot' En
gineers lias been completed. The re
sults accomplished by Professors
Marx, Durand and Wing cannot be
reckoned in dollars and cents. In re
pairing and reconstructing the builJ
ings of the University in such an ex
peditious manner that no break oc
curred in the regular work of the in
stitution, they have performed a serv
ice of inestimable value. They retire
with the merited congratulations and
thanks of the Student Body.
The work of the Commission ot' En
gineers lias been completed. The re
sults accomplished by Professors
Marx, Durand and Wing cannot be
reckoned in dollars and cents. In re
pairing and reconstructing the builJ
ings of the University in such an ex
peditious manner that no break oc
curred in the regular work of the in
stitution, they have performed a serv
ice of inestimable value. They retire
with the merited congratulations and
thanks of the Student Body.
The work of the Commission ot' En
gineers lias been completed. The re
sults accomplished by Professors
Marx, Durand and Wing cannot be
reckoned in dollars and cents. In re
pairing and reconstructing the builJ
ings of the University in such an ex
peditious manner that no break oc
curred in the regular work of the in
stitution, they have performed a serv
ice of inestimable value. They retire
with the merited congratulations and
thanks of the Student Body.
