# Will Address Forestry Club.
## 
### 
Professor W. R. Dudley of the De
partment. of Systematic Botany will
talk before the Forestry Club next
Wednesday evening, January 1. 9 >, on
"The Xeed of Trained Foresters." The
meeting will be held at the residence
of \V. L. Schofield, *10, 800 University

avenue, Palo Alto, at 7:30 p. ni. The
club invites all those interested to at
tend. Professor Dudley's subject is of
interest to all, and of particular im
portance to those who are preparing
for Forestry as a profession.
This is the first of a series of sev
eral lectures which will be given be
fore the club this semester by men
prominent in Forestry work. The club
has secured the co-operation of the
United States Forestry Service, which
will send some of its officers to speak
at these meetings. A lecture will be
given in the near future by one of the
prominent officers of a California for
est club.
Professor W. R. Dudley of the De
partment. of Systematic Botany will
talk before the Forestry Club next
Wednesday evening, January 1. 9 >, on
"The Xeed of Trained Foresters." The
meeting will be held at the residence
of \V. L. Schofield, *10, 800 University

avenue, Palo Alto, at 7:30 p. ni. The
club invites all those interested to at
tend. Professor Dudley's subject is of
interest to all, and of particular im
portance to those who are preparing
for Forestry as a profession.
This is the first of a series of sev
eral lectures which will be given be
fore the club this semester by men
prominent in Forestry work. The club
has secured the co-operation of the
United States Forestry Service, which
will send some of its officers to speak
at these meetings. A lecture will be
given in the near future by one of the
prominent officers of a California for
est club.
Professor W. R. Dudley of the De
partment. of Systematic Botany will
talk before the Forestry Club next
Wednesday evening, January 1. 9 >, on
"The Xeed of Trained Foresters." The
meeting will be held at the residence
of \V. L. Schofield, *10, 800 University

avenue, Palo Alto, at 7:30 p. ni. The
club invites all those interested to at
tend. Professor Dudley's subject is of
interest to all, and of particular im
portance to those who are preparing
for Forestry as a profession.
This is the first of a series of sev
eral lectures which will be given be
fore the club this semester by men
prominent in Forestry work. The club
has secured the co-operation of the
United States Forestry Service, which
will send some of its officers to speak
at these meetings. A lecture will be
given in the near future by one of the
prominent officers of a California for
est club.
Professor W. R. Dudley of the De
partment. of Systematic Botany will
talk before the Forestry Club next
Wednesday evening, January 1. 9 >, on
"The Xeed of Trained Foresters." The
meeting will be held at the residence
of \V. L. Schofield, *10, 800 University

avenue, Palo Alto, at 7:30 p. ni. The
club invites all those interested to at
tend. Professor Dudley's subject is of
interest to all, and of particular im
portance to those who are preparing
for Forestry as a profession.
This is the first of a series of sev
eral lectures which will be given be
fore the club this semester by men
prominent in Forestry work. The club
has secured the co-operation of the
United States Forestry Service, which
will send some of its officers to speak
at these meetings. A lecture will be
given in the near future by one of the
prominent officers of a California for
est club.
Professor W. R. Dudley of the De
partment. of Systematic Botany will
talk before the Forestry Club next
Wednesday evening, January 1. 9 >, on
"The Xeed of Trained Foresters." The
meeting will be held at the residence
of \V. L. Schofield, *10, 800 University

avenue, Palo Alto, at 7:30 p. ni. The
club invites all those interested to at
tend. Professor Dudley's subject is of
interest to all, and of particular im
portance to those who are preparing
for Forestry as a profession.
This is the first of a series of sev
eral lectures which will be given be
fore the club this semester by men
prominent in Forestry work. The club
has secured the co-operation of the
United States Forestry Service, which
will send some of its officers to speak
at these meetings. A lecture will be
given in the near future by one of the
prominent officers of a California for
est club.
Professor W. R. Dudley of the De
partment. of Systematic Botany will
talk before the Forestry Club next
Wednesday evening, January 1. 9 >, on
"The Xeed of Trained Foresters." The
meeting will be held at the residence
of \V. L. Schofield, *10, 800 University

avenue, Palo Alto, at 7:30 p. ni. The
club invites all those interested to at
tend. Professor Dudley's subject is of
interest to all, and of particular im
portance to those who are preparing
for Forestry as a profession.
This is the first of a series of sev
eral lectures which will be given be
fore the club this semester by men
prominent in Forestry work. The club
has secured the co-operation of the
United States Forestry Service, which
will send some of its officers to speak
at these meetings. A lecture will be
given in the near future by one of the
prominent officers of a California for
est club.
Professor W. R. Dudley of the De
partment. of Systematic Botany will
talk before the Forestry Club next
Wednesday evening, January 1. 9 >, on
"The Xeed of Trained Foresters." The
meeting will be held at the residence
of \V. L. Schofield, *10, 800 University

avenue, Palo Alto, at 7:30 p. ni. The
club invites all those interested to at
tend. Professor Dudley's subject is of
interest to all, and of particular im
portance to those who are preparing
for Forestry as a profession.
This is the first of a series of sev
eral lectures which will be given be
fore the club this semester by men
prominent in Forestry work. The club
has secured the co-operation of the
United States Forestry Service, which
will send some of its officers to speak
at these meetings. A lecture will be
given in the near future by one of the
prominent officers of a California for
est club.
Professor W. R. Dudley of the De
partment. of Systematic Botany will
talk before the Forestry Club next
Wednesday evening, January 1. 9 >, on
"The Xeed of Trained Foresters." The
meeting will be held at the residence
of \V. L. Schofield, *10, 800 University

avenue, Palo Alto, at 7:30 p. ni. The
club invites all those interested to at
tend. Professor Dudley's subject is of
interest to all, and of particular im
portance to those who are preparing
for Forestry as a profession.
This is the first of a series of sev
eral lectures which will be given be
fore the club this semester by men
prominent in Forestry work. The club
has secured the co-operation of the
United States Forestry Service, which
will send some of its officers to speak
at these meetings. A lecture will be
given in the near future by one of the
prominent officers of a California for
est club.
Professor W. R. Dudley of the De
partment. of Systematic Botany will
talk before the Forestry Club next
Wednesday evening, January 1. 9 >, on
"The Xeed of Trained Foresters." The
meeting will be held at the residence
of \V. L. Schofield, *10, 800 University

avenue, Palo Alto, at 7:30 p. ni. The
club invites all those interested to at
tend. Professor Dudley's subject is of
interest to all, and of particular im
portance to those who are preparing
for Forestry as a profession.
This is the first of a series of sev
eral lectures which will be given be
fore the club this semester by men
prominent in Forestry work. The club
has secured the co-operation of the
United States Forestry Service, which
will send some of its officers to speak
at these meetings. A lecture will be
given in the near future by one of the
prominent officers of a California for
est club.
Professor W. R. Dudley of the De
partment. of Systematic Botany will
talk before the Forestry Club next
Wednesday evening, January 1. 9 >, on
"The Xeed of Trained Foresters." The
meeting will be held at the residence
of \V. L. Schofield, *10, 800 University

avenue, Palo Alto, at 7:30 p. ni. The
club invites all those interested to at
tend. Professor Dudley's subject is of
interest to all, and of particular im
portance to those who are preparing
for Forestry as a profession.
This is the first of a series of sev
eral lectures which will be given be
fore the club this semester by men
prominent in Forestry work. The club
has secured the co-operation of the
United States Forestry Service, which
will send some of its officers to speak
at these meetings. A lecture will be
given in the near future by one of the
prominent officers of a California for
est club.
Professor W. R. Dudley of the De
partment. of Systematic Botany will
talk before the Forestry Club next
Wednesday evening, January 1. 9 >, on
"The Xeed of Trained Foresters." The
meeting will be held at the residence
of \V. L. Schofield, *10, 800 University

avenue, Palo Alto, at 7:30 p. ni. The
club invites all those interested to at
tend. Professor Dudley's subject is of
interest to all, and of particular im
portance to those who are preparing
for Forestry as a profession.
This is the first of a series of sev
eral lectures which will be given be
fore the club this semester by men
prominent in Forestry work. The club
has secured the co-operation of the
United States Forestry Service, which
will send some of its officers to speak
at these meetings. A lecture will be
given in the near future by one of the
prominent officers of a California for
est club.
