# FORMER CARDS PLAY FOR O.C.
## 
### 
Percy Locey, athletic director of the
Olympic Club, announces that several
former Stanford gridiron stars will per
form for (he Winged "O" during the
coming season. Among Ihem are found:
Lud Frentrup, backfield star of two
years ago; "Tiny" Sellman and Dick
Bogue, tackles; and Bill Clark, diminu
tive halfback. They v/ill meet their
former team-mates in the stadium on
September 2(>, when the Olympic Club
plays Stanford.
Percy Locey, athletic director of the
Olympic Club, announces that several
former Stanford gridiron stars will per
form for (he Winged "O" during the
coming season. Among Ihem are found:
Lud Frentrup, backfield star of two
years ago; "Tiny" Sellman and Dick
Bogue, tackles; and Bill Clark, diminu
tive halfback. They v/ill meet their
former team-mates in the stadium on
September 2(>, when the Olympic Club
plays Stanford.
Percy Locey, athletic director of the
Olympic Club, announces that several
former Stanford gridiron stars will per
form for (he Winged "O" during the
coming season. Among Ihem are found:
Lud Frentrup, backfield star of two
years ago; "Tiny" Sellman and Dick
Bogue, tackles; and Bill Clark, diminu
tive halfback. They v/ill meet their
former team-mates in the stadium on
September 2(>, when the Olympic Club
plays Stanford.
Percy Locey, athletic director of the
Olympic Club, announces that several
former Stanford gridiron stars will per
form for (he Winged "O" during the
coming season. Among Ihem are found:
Lud Frentrup, backfield star of two
years ago; "Tiny" Sellman and Dick
Bogue, tackles; and Bill Clark, diminu
tive halfback. They v/ill meet their
former team-mates in the stadium on
September 2(>, when the Olympic Club
plays Stanford.
Percy Locey, athletic director of the
Olympic Club, announces that several
former Stanford gridiron stars will per
form for (he Winged "O" during the
coming season. Among Ihem are found:
Lud Frentrup, backfield star of two
years ago; "Tiny" Sellman and Dick
Bogue, tackles; and Bill Clark, diminu
tive halfback. They v/ill meet their
former team-mates in the stadium on
September 2(>, when the Olympic Club
plays Stanford.
Percy Locey, athletic director of the
Olympic Club, announces that several
former Stanford gridiron stars will per
form for (he Winged "O" during the
coming season. Among Ihem are found:
Lud Frentrup, backfield star of two
years ago; "Tiny" Sellman and Dick
Bogue, tackles; and Bill Clark, diminu
tive halfback. They v/ill meet their
former team-mates in the stadium on
September 2(>, when the Olympic Club
plays Stanford.
Percy Locey, athletic director of the
Olympic Club, announces that several
former Stanford gridiron stars will per
form for (he Winged "O" during the
coming season. Among Ihem are found:
Lud Frentrup, backfield star of two
years ago; "Tiny" Sellman and Dick
Bogue, tackles; and Bill Clark, diminu
tive halfback. They v/ill meet their
former team-mates in the stadium on
September 2(>, when the Olympic Club
plays Stanford.
Percy Locey, athletic director of the
Olympic Club, announces that several
former Stanford gridiron stars will per
form for (he Winged "O" during the
coming season. Among Ihem are found:
Lud Frentrup, backfield star of two
years ago; "Tiny" Sellman and Dick
Bogue, tackles; and Bill Clark, diminu
tive halfback. They v/ill meet their
former team-mates in the stadium on
September 2(>, when the Olympic Club
plays Stanford.
Percy Locey, athletic director of the
Olympic Club, announces that several
former Stanford gridiron stars will per
form for (he Winged "O" during the
coming season. Among Ihem are found:
Lud Frentrup, backfield star of two
years ago; "Tiny" Sellman and Dick
Bogue, tackles; and Bill Clark, diminu
tive halfback. They v/ill meet their
former team-mates in the stadium on
September 2(>, when the Olympic Club
plays Stanford.
Percy Locey, athletic director of the
Olympic Club, announces that several
former Stanford gridiron stars will per
form for (he Winged "O" during the
coming season. Among Ihem are found:
Lud Frentrup, backfield star of two
years ago; "Tiny" Sellman and Dick
Bogue, tackles; and Bill Clark, diminu
tive halfback. They v/ill meet their
former team-mates in the stadium on
September 2(>, when the Olympic Club
plays Stanford.
Percy Locey, athletic director of the
Olympic Club, announces that several
former Stanford gridiron stars will per
form for (he Winged "O" during the
coming season. Among Ihem are found:
Lud Frentrup, backfield star of two
years ago; "Tiny" Sellman and Dick
Bogue, tackles; and Bill Clark, diminu
tive halfback. They v/ill meet their
former team-mates in the stadium on
September 2(>, when the Olympic Club
plays Stanford.
Percy Locey, athletic director of the
Olympic Club, announces that several
former Stanford gridiron stars will per
form for (he Winged "O" during the
coming season. Among Ihem are found:
Lud Frentrup, backfield star of two
years ago; "Tiny" Sellman and Dick
Bogue, tackles; and Bill Clark, diminu
tive halfback. They v/ill meet their
former team-mates in the stadium on
September 2(>, when the Olympic Club
plays Stanford.
Percy Locey, athletic director of the
Olympic Club, announces that several
former Stanford gridiron stars will per
form for (he Winged "O" during the
coming season. Among Ihem are found:
Lud Frentrup, backfield star of two
years ago; "Tiny" Sellman and Dick
Bogue, tackles; and Bill Clark, diminu
tive halfback. They v/ill meet their
former team-mates in the stadium on
September 2(>, when the Olympic Club
plays Stanford.
Percy Locey, athletic director of the
Olympic Club, announces that several
former Stanford gridiron stars will per
form for (he Winged "O" during the
coming season. Among Ihem are found:
Lud Frentrup, backfield star of two
years ago; "Tiny" Sellman and Dick
Bogue, tackles; and Bill Clark, diminu
tive halfback. They v/ill meet their
former team-mates in the stadium on
September 2(>, when the Olympic Club
plays Stanford.
Percy Locey, athletic director of the
Olympic Club, announces that several
former Stanford gridiron stars will per
form for (he Winged "O" during the
coming season. Among Ihem are found:
Lud Frentrup, backfield star of two
years ago; "Tiny" Sellman and Dick
Bogue, tackles; and Bill Clark, diminu
tive halfback. They v/ill meet their
former team-mates in the stadium on
September 2(>, when the Olympic Club
plays Stanford.
