# MR. AND MRS. COWDERY RETURN
## 
### 
Assistant Registrar and Mrs. Karl M.
Cowdery and children and the former's
parents, Professor and Mrs. K. L. Cow
dery of Oberlin College, have returned
from a short stay at Carmel. Both Pro
fessor and Mrs. K. L. Cowdery are
members of the French department at
Oberlin.
Assistant Registrar and Mrs. Karl M.
Cowdery and children and the former's
parents, Professor and Mrs. K. L. Cow
dery of Oberlin College, have returned
from a short stay at Carmel. Both Pro
fessor and Mrs. K. L. Cowdery are
members of the French department at
Oberlin.
Assistant Registrar and Mrs. Karl M.
Cowdery and children and the former's
parents, Professor and Mrs. K. L. Cow
dery of Oberlin College, have returned
from a short stay at Carmel. Both Pro
fessor and Mrs. K. L. Cowdery are
members of the French department at
Oberlin.
Assistant Registrar and Mrs. Karl M.
Cowdery and children and the former's
parents, Professor and Mrs. K. L. Cow
dery of Oberlin College, have returned
from a short stay at Carmel. Both Pro
fessor and Mrs. K. L. Cowdery are
members of the French department at
Oberlin.
Assistant Registrar and Mrs. Karl M.
Cowdery and children and the former's
parents, Professor and Mrs. K. L. Cow
dery of Oberlin College, have returned
from a short stay at Carmel. Both Pro
fessor and Mrs. K. L. Cowdery are
members of the French department at
Oberlin.
Assistant Registrar and Mrs. Karl M.
Cowdery and children and the former's
parents, Professor and Mrs. K. L. Cow
dery of Oberlin College, have returned
from a short stay at Carmel. Both Pro
fessor and Mrs. K. L. Cowdery are
members of the French department at
Oberlin.
Assistant Registrar and Mrs. Karl M.
Cowdery and children and the former's
parents, Professor and Mrs. K. L. Cow
dery of Oberlin College, have returned
from a short stay at Carmel. Both Pro
fessor and Mrs. K. L. Cowdery are
members of the French department at
Oberlin.
Assistant Registrar and Mrs. Karl M.
Cowdery and children and the former's
parents, Professor and Mrs. K. L. Cow
dery of Oberlin College, have returned
from a short stay at Carmel. Both Pro
fessor and Mrs. K. L. Cowdery are
members of the French department at
Oberlin.
Assistant Registrar and Mrs. Karl M.
Cowdery and children and the former's
parents, Professor and Mrs. K. L. Cow
dery of Oberlin College, have returned
from a short stay at Carmel. Both Pro
fessor and Mrs. K. L. Cowdery are
members of the French department at
Oberlin.
Assistant Registrar and Mrs. Karl M.
Cowdery and children and the former's
parents, Professor and Mrs. K. L. Cow
dery of Oberlin College, have returned
from a short stay at Carmel. Both Pro
fessor and Mrs. K. L. Cowdery are
members of the French department at
Oberlin.
Assistant Registrar and Mrs. Karl M.
Cowdery and children and the former's
parents, Professor and Mrs. K. L. Cow
dery of Oberlin College, have returned
from a short stay at Carmel. Both Pro
fessor and Mrs. K. L. Cowdery are
members of the French department at
Oberlin.
Assistant Registrar and Mrs. Karl M.
Cowdery and children and the former's
parents, Professor and Mrs. K. L. Cow
dery of Oberlin College, have returned
from a short stay at Carmel. Both Pro
fessor and Mrs. K. L. Cowdery are
members of the French department at
Oberlin.
Assistant Registrar and Mrs. Karl M.
Cowdery and children and the former's
parents, Professor and Mrs. K. L. Cow
dery of Oberlin College, have returned
from a short stay at Carmel. Both Pro
fessor and Mrs. K. L. Cowdery are
members of the French department at
Oberlin.
Assistant Registrar and Mrs. Karl M.
Cowdery and children and the former's
parents, Professor and Mrs. K. L. Cow
dery of Oberlin College, have returned
from a short stay at Carmel. Both Pro
fessor and Mrs. K. L. Cowdery are
members of the French department at
Oberlin.
Assistant Registrar and Mrs. Karl M.
Cowdery and children and the former's
parents, Professor and Mrs. K. L. Cow
dery of Oberlin College, have returned
from a short stay at Carmel. Both Pro
fessor and Mrs. K. L. Cowdery are
members of the French department at
Oberlin.
