# CORRECTION
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
Permit me to correct both the use
of English und statement of facts
attributed to me in your issue of
Friday.
I said that judging by the type of
meetings held in the clubhouse, the
student of today has a broader out
look on world affairs, has maturer
thoughts beyond the student of two
decades ago.
The announcement of "weddings"
held in the clubhouse should have
been, instead, "wedding receptions"
—the weddings were in Memorial
Church.
Ethel C. Ewell
The Editor, Sir:
Permit me to correct both the use
of English und statement of facts
attributed to me in your issue of
Friday.
I said that judging by the type of
meetings held in the clubhouse, the
student of today has a broader out
look on world affairs, has maturer
thoughts beyond the student of two
decades ago.
The announcement of "weddings"
held in the clubhouse should have
been, instead, "wedding receptions"
—the weddings were in Memorial
Church.
Ethel C. Ewell
The Editor, Sir:
Permit me to correct both the use
of English und statement of facts
attributed to me in your issue of
Friday.
I said that judging by the type of
meetings held in the clubhouse, the
student of today has a broader out
look on world affairs, has maturer
thoughts beyond the student of two
decades ago.
The announcement of "weddings"
held in the clubhouse should have
been, instead, "wedding receptions"
—the weddings were in Memorial
Church.
Ethel C. Ewell
The Editor, Sir:
Permit me to correct both the use
of English und statement of facts
attributed to me in your issue of
Friday.
I said that judging by the type of
meetings held in the clubhouse, the
student of today has a broader out
look on world affairs, has maturer
thoughts beyond the student of two
decades ago.
The announcement of "weddings"
held in the clubhouse should have
been, instead, "wedding receptions"
—the weddings were in Memorial
Church.
Ethel C. Ewell
The Editor, Sir:
Permit me to correct both the use
of English und statement of facts
attributed to me in your issue of
Friday.
I said that judging by the type of
meetings held in the clubhouse, the
student of today has a broader out
look on world affairs, has maturer
thoughts beyond the student of two
decades ago.
The announcement of "weddings"
held in the clubhouse should have
been, instead, "wedding receptions"
—the weddings were in Memorial
Church.
Ethel C. Ewell
The Editor, Sir:
Permit me to correct both the use
of English und statement of facts
attributed to me in your issue of
Friday.
I said that judging by the type of
meetings held in the clubhouse, the
student of today has a broader out
look on world affairs, has maturer
thoughts beyond the student of two
decades ago.
The announcement of "weddings"
held in the clubhouse should have
been, instead, "wedding receptions"
—the weddings were in Memorial
Church.
Ethel C. Ewell
The Editor, Sir:
Permit me to correct both the use
of English und statement of facts
attributed to me in your issue of
Friday.
I said that judging by the type of
meetings held in the clubhouse, the
student of today has a broader out
look on world affairs, has maturer
thoughts beyond the student of two
decades ago.
The announcement of "weddings"
held in the clubhouse should have
been, instead, "wedding receptions"
—the weddings were in Memorial
Church.
Ethel C. Ewell
The Editor, Sir:
Permit me to correct both the use
of English und statement of facts
attributed to me in your issue of
Friday.
I said that judging by the type of
meetings held in the clubhouse, the
student of today has a broader out
look on world affairs, has maturer
thoughts beyond the student of two
decades ago.
The announcement of "weddings"
held in the clubhouse should have
been, instead, "wedding receptions"
—the weddings were in Memorial
Church.
Ethel C. Ewell
The Editor, Sir:
Permit me to correct both the use
of English und statement of facts
attributed to me in your issue of
Friday.
I said that judging by the type of
meetings held in the clubhouse, the
student of today has a broader out
look on world affairs, has maturer
thoughts beyond the student of two
decades ago.
The announcement of "weddings"
held in the clubhouse should have
been, instead, "wedding receptions"
—the weddings were in Memorial
Church.
Ethel C. Ewell
The Editor, Sir:
Permit me to correct both the use
of English und statement of facts
attributed to me in your issue of
Friday.
I said that judging by the type of
meetings held in the clubhouse, the
student of today has a broader out
look on world affairs, has maturer
thoughts beyond the student of two
decades ago.
The announcement of "weddings"
held in the clubhouse should have
been, instead, "wedding receptions"
—the weddings were in Memorial
Church.
Ethel C. Ewell
The Editor, Sir:
Permit me to correct both the use
of English und statement of facts
attributed to me in your issue of
Friday.
I said that judging by the type of
meetings held in the clubhouse, the
student of today has a broader out
look on world affairs, has maturer
thoughts beyond the student of two
decades ago.
The announcement of "weddings"
held in the clubhouse should have
been, instead, "wedding receptions"
—the weddings were in Memorial
Church.
Ethel C. Ewell
The Editor, Sir:
Permit me to correct both the use
of English und statement of facts
attributed to me in your issue of
Friday.
I said that judging by the type of
meetings held in the clubhouse, the
student of today has a broader out
look on world affairs, has maturer
thoughts beyond the student of two
decades ago.
The announcement of "weddings"
held in the clubhouse should have
been, instead, "wedding receptions"
—the weddings were in Memorial
Church.
Ethel C. Ewell
The Editor, Sir:
Permit me to correct both the use
of English und statement of facts
attributed to me in your issue of
Friday.
I said that judging by the type of
meetings held in the clubhouse, the
student of today has a broader out
look on world affairs, has maturer
thoughts beyond the student of two
decades ago.
The announcement of "weddings"
held in the clubhouse should have
been, instead, "wedding receptions"
—the weddings were in Memorial
Church.
Ethel C. Ewell
The Editor, Sir:
Permit me to correct both the use
of English und statement of facts
attributed to me in your issue of
Friday.
I said that judging by the type of
meetings held in the clubhouse, the
student of today has a broader out
look on world affairs, has maturer
thoughts beyond the student of two
decades ago.
The announcement of "weddings"
held in the clubhouse should have
been, instead, "wedding receptions"
—the weddings were in Memorial
Church.
Ethel C. Ewell
The Editor, Sir:
Permit me to correct both the use
of English und statement of facts
attributed to me in your issue of
Friday.
I said that judging by the type of
meetings held in the clubhouse, the
student of today has a broader out
look on world affairs, has maturer
thoughts beyond the student of two
decades ago.
The announcement of "weddings"
held in the clubhouse should have
been, instead, "wedding receptions"
—the weddings were in Memorial
Church.
Ethel C. Ewell
The Editor, Sir:
Permit me to correct both the use
of English und statement of facts
attributed to me in your issue of
Friday.
I said that judging by the type of
meetings held in the clubhouse, the
student of today has a broader out
look on world affairs, has maturer
thoughts beyond the student of two
decades ago.
The announcement of "weddings"
held in the clubhouse should have
been, instead, "wedding receptions"
—the weddings were in Memorial
Church.
Ethel C. Ewell
