# ALPHA O ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Muriel Pleasant, '37,
to Lowell Johnson, Theta Xi, '38.
Topeka, Kansas, claims distinction
as the nation's largest city without
a city jail.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Muriel Pleasant, '37,
to Lowell Johnson, Theta Xi, '38.
Topeka, Kansas, claims distinction
as the nation's largest city without
a city jail.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Muriel Pleasant, '37,
to Lowell Johnson, Theta Xi, '38.
Topeka, Kansas, claims distinction
as the nation's largest city without
a city jail.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Muriel Pleasant, '37,
to Lowell Johnson, Theta Xi, '38.
Topeka, Kansas, claims distinction
as the nation's largest city without
a city jail.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Muriel Pleasant, '37,
to Lowell Johnson, Theta Xi, '38.
Topeka, Kansas, claims distinction
as the nation's largest city without
a city jail.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Muriel Pleasant, '37,
to Lowell Johnson, Theta Xi, '38.
Topeka, Kansas, claims distinction
as the nation's largest city without
a city jail.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Muriel Pleasant, '37,
to Lowell Johnson, Theta Xi, '38.
Topeka, Kansas, claims distinction
as the nation's largest city without
a city jail.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Muriel Pleasant, '37,
to Lowell Johnson, Theta Xi, '38.
Topeka, Kansas, claims distinction
as the nation's largest city without
a city jail.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Muriel Pleasant, '37,
to Lowell Johnson, Theta Xi, '38.
Topeka, Kansas, claims distinction
as the nation's largest city without
a city jail.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Muriel Pleasant, '37,
to Lowell Johnson, Theta Xi, '38.
Topeka, Kansas, claims distinction
as the nation's largest city without
a city jail.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Muriel Pleasant, '37,
to Lowell Johnson, Theta Xi, '38.
Topeka, Kansas, claims distinction
as the nation's largest city without
a city jail.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Muriel Pleasant, '37,
to Lowell Johnson, Theta Xi, '38.
Topeka, Kansas, claims distinction
as the nation's largest city without
a city jail.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Muriel Pleasant, '37,
to Lowell Johnson, Theta Xi, '38.
Topeka, Kansas, claims distinction
as the nation's largest city without
a city jail.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Muriel Pleasant, '37,
to Lowell Johnson, Theta Xi, '38.
Topeka, Kansas, claims distinction
as the nation's largest city without
a city jail.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Muriel Pleasant, '37,
to Lowell Johnson, Theta Xi, '38.
Topeka, Kansas, claims distinction
as the nation's largest city without
a city jail.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Muriel Pleasant, '37,
to Lowell Johnson, Theta Xi, '38.
Topeka, Kansas, claims distinction
as the nation's largest city without
a city jail.
