# Final Chappie Will Feature Farm Scenes
## 
### 
Stanford and Stanford students
will be the main feature of the
June Chaparral, which will make
its appearance on the campus a
week from today.
A full page of the issue will be
devoted to registration day photo
graphs of well known campus fig
ures. Intimate glimpses of the
graduation ceremony will be re
vealed in the cover by Rodcli
Johnson. Literary work will in
clude a page of correspondence
between Bob Gros and a San
Francisco chef.
Gilman Gist has contributed a
sequel to his Rasslcrs Russlers
feature of the last issue. Other
funny-bone ticklers will be of
fered by Jim Copp, Bob Hartmann,
and Curtis Prendergast, in this is
sue, one of the largest Chappies
of the year. Farewell appearances
will be made by Little Pop-Off
and Woodlake Echoes.
