# Adv. 15 Page 5
## 
### 
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA vSH
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J jcwiLina
111 Bryant ItrNt
A It®
323 2134
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA vSH
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J jcwiLina
111 Bryant ItrNt
A It®
323 2134
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA vSH
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J jcwiLina
111 Bryant ItrNt
A It®
323 2134
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA vSH
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J jcwiLina
111 Bryant ItrNt
A It®
323 2134
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA vSH
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J jcwiLina
111 Bryant ItrNt
A It®
323 2134
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA vSH
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J jcwiLina
111 Bryant ItrNt
A It®
323 2134
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA vSH
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J jcwiLina
111 Bryant ItrNt
A It®
323 2134
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA vSH
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J jcwiLina
111 Bryant ItrNt
A It®
323 2134
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA vSH
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J jcwiLina
111 Bryant ItrNt
A It®
323 2134
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA vSH
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J jcwiLina
111 Bryant ItrNt
A It®
323 2134
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA vSH
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J jcwiLina
111 Bryant ItrNt
A It®
323 2134
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA vSH
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J jcwiLina
111 Bryant ItrNt
A It®
323 2134
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA vSH
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J jcwiLina
111 Bryant ItrNt
A It®
323 2134
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA vSH
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J jcwiLina
111 Bryant ItrNt
A It®
323 2134
