# Rice Tells Encina Men of Early Days.
## 
### 
Stories of early days at Stanford,
anecdotes of personal experiences in
the making of the University's history
and traditions, and comments upon
conditions of things as they are, were
told to the men of Encina Hall last
evening by Archie Rice, '95. The
pioneer held forth in the club room
for the entire evening and kept his
good-sized audience interested at all
times.
Stories of early days at Stanford,
anecdotes of personal experiences in
the making of the University's history
and traditions, and comments upon
conditions of things as they are, were
told to the men of Encina Hall last
evening by Archie Rice, '95. The
pioneer held forth in the club room
for the entire evening and kept his
good-sized audience interested at all
times.
Stories of early days at Stanford,
anecdotes of personal experiences in
the making of the University's history
and traditions, and comments upon
conditions of things as they are, were
told to the men of Encina Hall last
evening by Archie Rice, '95. The
pioneer held forth in the club room
for the entire evening and kept his
good-sized audience interested at all
times.
Stories of early days at Stanford,
anecdotes of personal experiences in
the making of the University's history
and traditions, and comments upon
conditions of things as they are, were
told to the men of Encina Hall last
evening by Archie Rice, '95. The
pioneer held forth in the club room
for the entire evening and kept his
good-sized audience interested at all
times.
Stories of early days at Stanford,
anecdotes of personal experiences in
the making of the University's history
and traditions, and comments upon
conditions of things as they are, were
told to the men of Encina Hall last
evening by Archie Rice, '95. The
pioneer held forth in the club room
for the entire evening and kept his
good-sized audience interested at all
times.
Stories of early days at Stanford,
anecdotes of personal experiences in
the making of the University's history
and traditions, and comments upon
conditions of things as they are, were
told to the men of Encina Hall last
evening by Archie Rice, '95. The
pioneer held forth in the club room
for the entire evening and kept his
good-sized audience interested at all
times.
Stories of early days at Stanford,
anecdotes of personal experiences in
the making of the University's history
and traditions, and comments upon
conditions of things as they are, were
told to the men of Encina Hall last
evening by Archie Rice, '95. The
pioneer held forth in the club room
for the entire evening and kept his
good-sized audience interested at all
times.
Stories of early days at Stanford,
anecdotes of personal experiences in
the making of the University's history
and traditions, and comments upon
conditions of things as they are, were
told to the men of Encina Hall last
evening by Archie Rice, '95. The
pioneer held forth in the club room
for the entire evening and kept his
good-sized audience interested at all
times.
Stories of early days at Stanford,
anecdotes of personal experiences in
the making of the University's history
and traditions, and comments upon
conditions of things as they are, were
told to the men of Encina Hall last
evening by Archie Rice, '95. The
pioneer held forth in the club room
for the entire evening and kept his
good-sized audience interested at all
times.
Stories of early days at Stanford,
anecdotes of personal experiences in
the making of the University's history
and traditions, and comments upon
conditions of things as they are, were
told to the men of Encina Hall last
evening by Archie Rice, '95. The
pioneer held forth in the club room
for the entire evening and kept his
good-sized audience interested at all
times.
Stories of early days at Stanford,
anecdotes of personal experiences in
the making of the University's history
and traditions, and comments upon
conditions of things as they are, were
told to the men of Encina Hall last
evening by Archie Rice, '95. The
pioneer held forth in the club room
for the entire evening and kept his
good-sized audience interested at all
times.
Stories of early days at Stanford,
anecdotes of personal experiences in
the making of the University's history
and traditions, and comments upon
conditions of things as they are, were
told to the men of Encina Hall last
evening by Archie Rice, '95. The
pioneer held forth in the club room
for the entire evening and kept his
good-sized audience interested at all
times.
Stories of early days at Stanford,
anecdotes of personal experiences in
the making of the University's history
and traditions, and comments upon
conditions of things as they are, were
told to the men of Encina Hall last
evening by Archie Rice, '95. The
pioneer held forth in the club room
for the entire evening and kept his
good-sized audience interested at all
times.
