# Guatemala relief fund
## 
### 
In response to the Feb. 4 Guatemalan
earthquake, students here have or
ganized a committee to raise relief
funds.
Donations received by the commit
tee at Bechtel International Center will
be channeled through a special ac
count at the Bank of America directly
to private relief organizations in
Guatemala.
Committee Chairman Sergio Aragon
reports $200 has been received since
the drive's inception on Feb. 13.
Faculty and staff have been mailed
letters explaining the campaign and
requesting donations. Specific efforts
have also been directed in the Food
Research Institute, the Business
School, and the School of Education. A
subcommittee dealing with under
graduates is currently organizing a
campaign through residence staff
members.
There has been no time limit set for
the funding campaign. Money will
continue to be channeled to the Bank
of America and the Guatemala Relief
Organization of San Francisco.
