# QUAD PROOF DEADLINE
## 
### 
That senior proofs not selected
and returned to the Quad's Wood
pecker Lodge office by 5 o'clock
today would be omitted from the
1936 Quad was announced finally
by Editor Don Hanson last night.
That senior proofs not selected
and returned to the Quad's Wood
pecker Lodge office by 5 o'clock
today would be omitted from the
1936 Quad was announced finally
by Editor Don Hanson last night.
That senior proofs not selected
and returned to the Quad's Wood
pecker Lodge office by 5 o'clock
today would be omitted from the
1936 Quad was announced finally
by Editor Don Hanson last night.
That senior proofs not selected
and returned to the Quad's Wood
pecker Lodge office by 5 o'clock
today would be omitted from the
1936 Quad was announced finally
by Editor Don Hanson last night.
That senior proofs not selected
and returned to the Quad's Wood
pecker Lodge office by 5 o'clock
today would be omitted from the
1936 Quad was announced finally
by Editor Don Hanson last night.
That senior proofs not selected
and returned to the Quad's Wood
pecker Lodge office by 5 o'clock
today would be omitted from the
1936 Quad was announced finally
by Editor Don Hanson last night.
That senior proofs not selected
and returned to the Quad's Wood
pecker Lodge office by 5 o'clock
today would be omitted from the
1936 Quad was announced finally
by Editor Don Hanson last night.
That senior proofs not selected
and returned to the Quad's Wood
pecker Lodge office by 5 o'clock
today would be omitted from the
1936 Quad was announced finally
by Editor Don Hanson last night.
That senior proofs not selected
and returned to the Quad's Wood
pecker Lodge office by 5 o'clock
today would be omitted from the
1936 Quad was announced finally
by Editor Don Hanson last night.
That senior proofs not selected
and returned to the Quad's Wood
pecker Lodge office by 5 o'clock
today would be omitted from the
1936 Quad was announced finally
by Editor Don Hanson last night.
That senior proofs not selected
and returned to the Quad's Wood
pecker Lodge office by 5 o'clock
today would be omitted from the
1936 Quad was announced finally
by Editor Don Hanson last night.
That senior proofs not selected
and returned to the Quad's Wood
pecker Lodge office by 5 o'clock
today would be omitted from the
1936 Quad was announced finally
by Editor Don Hanson last night.
That senior proofs not selected
and returned to the Quad's Wood
pecker Lodge office by 5 o'clock
today would be omitted from the
1936 Quad was announced finally
by Editor Don Hanson last night.
That senior proofs not selected
and returned to the Quad's Wood
pecker Lodge office by 5 o'clock
today would be omitted from the
1936 Quad was announced finally
by Editor Don Hanson last night.
That senior proofs not selected
and returned to the Quad's Wood
pecker Lodge office by 5 o'clock
today would be omitted from the
1936 Quad was announced finally
by Editor Don Hanson last night.
That senior proofs not selected
and returned to the Quad's Wood
pecker Lodge office by 5 o'clock
today would be omitted from the
1936 Quad was announced finally
by Editor Don Hanson last night.
