# Heart Attack Ends Screen Star's Career
## 
### 
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 9 (;p)._The
spectacular and tragic career of
"Handsome Jack" Gilbert, romantic
idol of the movies, ended today
when he died suddenly of a heart
attack.
He was 38 years old.
The last half of his life was spent
in Hollywood, where he knew the
ultimate of success and failure in
both his personal and professional
life.
Married four times, beloved by
many women, by turns admired and
sought after, Gilbert was alone and
forgotten when death came today.
His only companions were his doc
tor, a nurse, and two firemen. They
stood beside him in the bedroom of
his mammoth, silent home that
stands in the hills, between Holly
wood and the ocean.
Gilbert was born in Logan, Utah,
July 10, 1897. His father was Wal
ter B. Gilbert, who starred on the
Salt Lake City stage with the late
Willard Mack.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 9 (;p)._The
spectacular and tragic career of
"Handsome Jack" Gilbert, romantic
idol of the movies, ended today
when he died suddenly of a heart
attack.
He was 38 years old.
The last half of his life was spent
in Hollywood, where he knew the
ultimate of success and failure in
both his personal and professional
life.
Married four times, beloved by
many women, by turns admired and
sought after, Gilbert was alone and
forgotten when death came today.
His only companions were his doc
tor, a nurse, and two firemen. They
stood beside him in the bedroom of
his mammoth, silent home that
stands in the hills, between Holly
wood and the ocean.
Gilbert was born in Logan, Utah,
July 10, 1897. His father was Wal
ter B. Gilbert, who starred on the
Salt Lake City stage with the late
Willard Mack.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 9 (;p)._The
spectacular and tragic career of
"Handsome Jack" Gilbert, romantic
idol of the movies, ended today
when he died suddenly of a heart
attack.
He was 38 years old.
The last half of his life was spent
in Hollywood, where he knew the
ultimate of success and failure in
both his personal and professional
life.
Married four times, beloved by
many women, by turns admired and
sought after, Gilbert was alone and
forgotten when death came today.
His only companions were his doc
tor, a nurse, and two firemen. They
stood beside him in the bedroom of
his mammoth, silent home that
stands in the hills, between Holly
wood and the ocean.
Gilbert was born in Logan, Utah,
July 10, 1897. His father was Wal
ter B. Gilbert, who starred on the
Salt Lake City stage with the late
Willard Mack.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 9 (;p)._The
spectacular and tragic career of
"Handsome Jack" Gilbert, romantic
idol of the movies, ended today
when he died suddenly of a heart
attack.
He was 38 years old.
The last half of his life was spent
in Hollywood, where he knew the
ultimate of success and failure in
both his personal and professional
life.
Married four times, beloved by
many women, by turns admired and
sought after, Gilbert was alone and
forgotten when death came today.
His only companions were his doc
tor, a nurse, and two firemen. They
stood beside him in the bedroom of
his mammoth, silent home that
stands in the hills, between Holly
wood and the ocean.
Gilbert was born in Logan, Utah,
July 10, 1897. His father was Wal
ter B. Gilbert, who starred on the
Salt Lake City stage with the late
Willard Mack.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 9 (;p)._The
spectacular and tragic career of
"Handsome Jack" Gilbert, romantic
idol of the movies, ended today
when he died suddenly of a heart
attack.
He was 38 years old.
The last half of his life was spent
in Hollywood, where he knew the
ultimate of success and failure in
both his personal and professional
life.
Married four times, beloved by
many women, by turns admired and
sought after, Gilbert was alone and
forgotten when death came today.
His only companions were his doc
tor, a nurse, and two firemen. They
stood beside him in the bedroom of
his mammoth, silent home that
stands in the hills, between Holly
wood and the ocean.
Gilbert was born in Logan, Utah,
July 10, 1897. His father was Wal
ter B. Gilbert, who starred on the
Salt Lake City stage with the late
Willard Mack.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 9 (;p)._The
spectacular and tragic career of
"Handsome Jack" Gilbert, romantic
idol of the movies, ended today
when he died suddenly of a heart
attack.
He was 38 years old.
The last half of his life was spent
in Hollywood, where he knew the
ultimate of success and failure in
both his personal and professional
life.
Married four times, beloved by
many women, by turns admired and
sought after, Gilbert was alone and
forgotten when death came today.
His only companions were his doc
tor, a nurse, and two firemen. They
stood beside him in the bedroom of
his mammoth, silent home that
stands in the hills, between Holly
wood and the ocean.
Gilbert was born in Logan, Utah,
July 10, 1897. His father was Wal
ter B. Gilbert, who starred on the
Salt Lake City stage with the late
Willard Mack.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 9 (;p)._The
spectacular and tragic career of
"Handsome Jack" Gilbert, romantic
idol of the movies, ended today
when he died suddenly of a heart
attack.
He was 38 years old.
The last half of his life was spent
in Hollywood, where he knew the
ultimate of success and failure in
both his personal and professional
life.
Married four times, beloved by
many women, by turns admired and
sought after, Gilbert was alone and
forgotten when death came today.
His only companions were his doc
tor, a nurse, and two firemen. They
stood beside him in the bedroom of
his mammoth, silent home that
stands in the hills, between Holly
wood and the ocean.
Gilbert was born in Logan, Utah,
July 10, 1897. His father was Wal
ter B. Gilbert, who starred on the
Salt Lake City stage with the late
Willard Mack.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 9 (;p)._The
spectacular and tragic career of
"Handsome Jack" Gilbert, romantic
idol of the movies, ended today
when he died suddenly of a heart
attack.
He was 38 years old.
The last half of his life was spent
in Hollywood, where he knew the
ultimate of success and failure in
both his personal and professional
life.
Married four times, beloved by
many women, by turns admired and
sought after, Gilbert was alone and
forgotten when death came today.
His only companions were his doc
tor, a nurse, and two firemen. They
stood beside him in the bedroom of
his mammoth, silent home that
stands in the hills, between Holly
wood and the ocean.
Gilbert was born in Logan, Utah,
July 10, 1897. His father was Wal
ter B. Gilbert, who starred on the
Salt Lake City stage with the late
Willard Mack.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 9 (;p)._The
spectacular and tragic career of
"Handsome Jack" Gilbert, romantic
idol of the movies, ended today
when he died suddenly of a heart
attack.
He was 38 years old.
The last half of his life was spent
in Hollywood, where he knew the
ultimate of success and failure in
both his personal and professional
life.
Married four times, beloved by
many women, by turns admired and
sought after, Gilbert was alone and
forgotten when death came today.
His only companions were his doc
tor, a nurse, and two firemen. They
stood beside him in the bedroom of
his mammoth, silent home that
stands in the hills, between Holly
wood and the ocean.
Gilbert was born in Logan, Utah,
July 10, 1897. His father was Wal
ter B. Gilbert, who starred on the
Salt Lake City stage with the late
Willard Mack.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 9 (;p)._The
spectacular and tragic career of
"Handsome Jack" Gilbert, romantic
idol of the movies, ended today
when he died suddenly of a heart
attack.
He was 38 years old.
The last half of his life was spent
in Hollywood, where he knew the
ultimate of success and failure in
both his personal and professional
life.
Married four times, beloved by
many women, by turns admired and
sought after, Gilbert was alone and
forgotten when death came today.
His only companions were his doc
tor, a nurse, and two firemen. They
stood beside him in the bedroom of
his mammoth, silent home that
stands in the hills, between Holly
wood and the ocean.
Gilbert was born in Logan, Utah,
July 10, 1897. His father was Wal
ter B. Gilbert, who starred on the
Salt Lake City stage with the late
Willard Mack.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 9 (;p)._The
spectacular and tragic career of
"Handsome Jack" Gilbert, romantic
idol of the movies, ended today
when he died suddenly of a heart
attack.
He was 38 years old.
The last half of his life was spent
in Hollywood, where he knew the
ultimate of success and failure in
both his personal and professional
life.
Married four times, beloved by
many women, by turns admired and
sought after, Gilbert was alone and
forgotten when death came today.
His only companions were his doc
tor, a nurse, and two firemen. They
stood beside him in the bedroom of
his mammoth, silent home that
stands in the hills, between Holly
wood and the ocean.
Gilbert was born in Logan, Utah,
July 10, 1897. His father was Wal
ter B. Gilbert, who starred on the
Salt Lake City stage with the late
Willard Mack.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 9 (;p)._The
spectacular and tragic career of
"Handsome Jack" Gilbert, romantic
idol of the movies, ended today
when he died suddenly of a heart
attack.
He was 38 years old.
The last half of his life was spent
in Hollywood, where he knew the
ultimate of success and failure in
both his personal and professional
life.
Married four times, beloved by
many women, by turns admired and
sought after, Gilbert was alone and
forgotten when death came today.
His only companions were his doc
tor, a nurse, and two firemen. They
stood beside him in the bedroom of
his mammoth, silent home that
stands in the hills, between Holly
wood and the ocean.
Gilbert was born in Logan, Utah,
July 10, 1897. His father was Wal
ter B. Gilbert, who starred on the
Salt Lake City stage with the late
Willard Mack.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 9 (;p)._The
spectacular and tragic career of
"Handsome Jack" Gilbert, romantic
idol of the movies, ended today
when he died suddenly of a heart
attack.
He was 38 years old.
The last half of his life was spent
in Hollywood, where he knew the
ultimate of success and failure in
both his personal and professional
life.
Married four times, beloved by
many women, by turns admired and
sought after, Gilbert was alone and
forgotten when death came today.
His only companions were his doc
tor, a nurse, and two firemen. They
stood beside him in the bedroom of
his mammoth, silent home that
stands in the hills, between Holly
wood and the ocean.
Gilbert was born in Logan, Utah,
July 10, 1897. His father was Wal
ter B. Gilbert, who starred on the
Salt Lake City stage with the late
Willard Mack.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 9 (;p)._The
spectacular and tragic career of
"Handsome Jack" Gilbert, romantic
idol of the movies, ended today
when he died suddenly of a heart
attack.
He was 38 years old.
The last half of his life was spent
in Hollywood, where he knew the
ultimate of success and failure in
both his personal and professional
life.
Married four times, beloved by
many women, by turns admired and
sought after, Gilbert was alone and
forgotten when death came today.
His only companions were his doc
tor, a nurse, and two firemen. They
stood beside him in the bedroom of
his mammoth, silent home that
stands in the hills, between Holly
wood and the ocean.
Gilbert was born in Logan, Utah,
July 10, 1897. His father was Wal
ter B. Gilbert, who starred on the
Salt Lake City stage with the late
Willard Mack.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 9 (;p)._The
spectacular and tragic career of
"Handsome Jack" Gilbert, romantic
idol of the movies, ended today
when he died suddenly of a heart
attack.
He was 38 years old.
The last half of his life was spent
in Hollywood, where he knew the
ultimate of success and failure in
both his personal and professional
life.
Married four times, beloved by
many women, by turns admired and
sought after, Gilbert was alone and
forgotten when death came today.
His only companions were his doc
tor, a nurse, and two firemen. They
stood beside him in the bedroom of
his mammoth, silent home that
stands in the hills, between Holly
wood and the ocean.
Gilbert was born in Logan, Utah,
July 10, 1897. His father was Wal
ter B. Gilbert, who starred on the
Salt Lake City stage with the late
Willard Mack.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 9 (;p)._The
spectacular and tragic career of
"Handsome Jack" Gilbert, romantic
idol of the movies, ended today
when he died suddenly of a heart
attack.
He was 38 years old.
The last half of his life was spent
in Hollywood, where he knew the
ultimate of success and failure in
both his personal and professional
life.
Married four times, beloved by
many women, by turns admired and
sought after, Gilbert was alone and
forgotten when death came today.
His only companions were his doc
tor, a nurse, and two firemen. They
stood beside him in the bedroom of
his mammoth, silent home that
stands in the hills, between Holly
wood and the ocean.
Gilbert was born in Logan, Utah,
July 10, 1897. His father was Wal
ter B. Gilbert, who starred on the
Salt Lake City stage with the late
Willard Mack.
