# Visiting Pastor Will Preach Sunday
## 
### 
Dr. Joel Harper, pastor of the
Westminster Congregational Church
of Spokane, Wash., will conduct the
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.
At 4 o'clock Sunday afternoon
Warren D. Allen will give an or
gan recital in the Chapel. Of ex
ceptional interest on this program,
according to Mr. Allen, will be an
excerpt from the only symphonic
work ever written by Wagner, his
"Symphony in C."
Dr. Joel Harper, pastor of the
Westminster Congregational Church
of Spokane, Wash., will conduct the
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.
At 4 o'clock Sunday afternoon
Warren D. Allen will give an or
gan recital in the Chapel. Of ex
ceptional interest on this program,
according to Mr. Allen, will be an
excerpt from the only symphonic
work ever written by Wagner, his
"Symphony in C."
Dr. Joel Harper, pastor of the
Westminster Congregational Church
of Spokane, Wash., will conduct the
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.
At 4 o'clock Sunday afternoon
Warren D. Allen will give an or
gan recital in the Chapel. Of ex
ceptional interest on this program,
according to Mr. Allen, will be an
excerpt from the only symphonic
work ever written by Wagner, his
"Symphony in C."
Dr. Joel Harper, pastor of the
Westminster Congregational Church
of Spokane, Wash., will conduct the
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.
At 4 o'clock Sunday afternoon
Warren D. Allen will give an or
gan recital in the Chapel. Of ex
ceptional interest on this program,
according to Mr. Allen, will be an
excerpt from the only symphonic
work ever written by Wagner, his
"Symphony in C."
Dr. Joel Harper, pastor of the
Westminster Congregational Church
of Spokane, Wash., will conduct the
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.
At 4 o'clock Sunday afternoon
Warren D. Allen will give an or
gan recital in the Chapel. Of ex
ceptional interest on this program,
according to Mr. Allen, will be an
excerpt from the only symphonic
work ever written by Wagner, his
"Symphony in C."
Dr. Joel Harper, pastor of the
Westminster Congregational Church
of Spokane, Wash., will conduct the
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.
At 4 o'clock Sunday afternoon
Warren D. Allen will give an or
gan recital in the Chapel. Of ex
ceptional interest on this program,
according to Mr. Allen, will be an
excerpt from the only symphonic
work ever written by Wagner, his
"Symphony in C."
Dr. Joel Harper, pastor of the
Westminster Congregational Church
of Spokane, Wash., will conduct the
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.
At 4 o'clock Sunday afternoon
Warren D. Allen will give an or
gan recital in the Chapel. Of ex
ceptional interest on this program,
according to Mr. Allen, will be an
excerpt from the only symphonic
work ever written by Wagner, his
"Symphony in C."
Dr. Joel Harper, pastor of the
Westminster Congregational Church
of Spokane, Wash., will conduct the
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.
At 4 o'clock Sunday afternoon
Warren D. Allen will give an or
gan recital in the Chapel. Of ex
ceptional interest on this program,
according to Mr. Allen, will be an
excerpt from the only symphonic
work ever written by Wagner, his
"Symphony in C."
Dr. Joel Harper, pastor of the
Westminster Congregational Church
of Spokane, Wash., will conduct the
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.
At 4 o'clock Sunday afternoon
Warren D. Allen will give an or
gan recital in the Chapel. Of ex
ceptional interest on this program,
according to Mr. Allen, will be an
excerpt from the only symphonic
work ever written by Wagner, his
"Symphony in C."
Dr. Joel Harper, pastor of the
Westminster Congregational Church
of Spokane, Wash., will conduct the
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.
At 4 o'clock Sunday afternoon
Warren D. Allen will give an or
gan recital in the Chapel. Of ex
ceptional interest on this program,
according to Mr. Allen, will be an
excerpt from the only symphonic
work ever written by Wagner, his
"Symphony in C."
Dr. Joel Harper, pastor of the
Westminster Congregational Church
of Spokane, Wash., will conduct the
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.
At 4 o'clock Sunday afternoon
Warren D. Allen will give an or
gan recital in the Chapel. Of ex
ceptional interest on this program,
according to Mr. Allen, will be an
excerpt from the only symphonic
work ever written by Wagner, his
"Symphony in C."
Dr. Joel Harper, pastor of the
Westminster Congregational Church
of Spokane, Wash., will conduct the
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.
At 4 o'clock Sunday afternoon
Warren D. Allen will give an or
gan recital in the Chapel. Of ex
ceptional interest on this program,
according to Mr. Allen, will be an
excerpt from the only symphonic
work ever written by Wagner, his
"Symphony in C."
Dr. Joel Harper, pastor of the
Westminster Congregational Church
of Spokane, Wash., will conduct the
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.
At 4 o'clock Sunday afternoon
Warren D. Allen will give an or
gan recital in the Chapel. Of ex
ceptional interest on this program,
according to Mr. Allen, will be an
excerpt from the only symphonic
work ever written by Wagner, his
"Symphony in C."
Dr. Joel Harper, pastor of the
Westminster Congregational Church
of Spokane, Wash., will conduct the
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.
At 4 o'clock Sunday afternoon
Warren D. Allen will give an or
gan recital in the Chapel. Of ex
ceptional interest on this program,
according to Mr. Allen, will be an
excerpt from the only symphonic
work ever written by Wagner, his
"Symphony in C."
Dr. Joel Harper, pastor of the
Westminster Congregational Church
of Spokane, Wash., will conduct the
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.
At 4 o'clock Sunday afternoon
Warren D. Allen will give an or
gan recital in the Chapel. Of ex
ceptional interest on this program,
according to Mr. Allen, will be an
excerpt from the only symphonic
work ever written by Wagner, his
"Symphony in C."
Dr. Joel Harper, pastor of the
Westminster Congregational Church
of Spokane, Wash., will conduct the
services in the Memorial Church
Sunday.
At 4 o'clock Sunday afternoon
Warren D. Allen will give an or
gan recital in the Chapel. Of ex
ceptional interest on this program,
according to Mr. Allen, will be an
excerpt from the only symphonic
work ever written by Wagner, his
"Symphony in C."
