# Semi-Final Rushing Ends
## 
### 
Tonight's rush dinner finishes the
next to last chance frosh men will
have to size up the various houses
on the Row. With final pledge day
set for a week from today, the cus
tomary period of silence will begin
Thursday evening at 8 o'clock.
During this period there are to be
no contacts between Encina men
and fraternity members. There will
be rush lunches and dinners Tues
day, Wednesday, and Thursday of
next week.
Ed Littlefield, president of the In
terfraternity Council, announced
that the council has been complet
ing plans for the dance to be held
Friday, the 17th, which is an an
nual affair given for pledges. It
will be informal.
The council has also asked the
various houses to compute their
scholarship ratings. Rush cards for
the final period will be on sale Sat
urday morning.
Tonight's rush dinner finishes the
next to last chance frosh men will
have to size up the various houses
on the Row. With final pledge day
set for a week from today, the cus
tomary period of silence will begin
Thursday evening at 8 o'clock.
During this period there are to be
no contacts between Encina men
and fraternity members. There will
be rush lunches and dinners Tues
day, Wednesday, and Thursday of
next week.
Ed Littlefield, president of the In
terfraternity Council, announced
that the council has been complet
ing plans for the dance to be held
Friday, the 17th, which is an an
nual affair given for pledges. It
will be informal.
The council has also asked the
various houses to compute their
scholarship ratings. Rush cards for
the final period will be on sale Sat
urday morning.
Tonight's rush dinner finishes the
next to last chance frosh men will
have to size up the various houses
on the Row. With final pledge day
set for a week from today, the cus
tomary period of silence will begin
Thursday evening at 8 o'clock.
During this period there are to be
no contacts between Encina men
and fraternity members. There will
be rush lunches and dinners Tues
day, Wednesday, and Thursday of
next week.
Ed Littlefield, president of the In
terfraternity Council, announced
that the council has been complet
ing plans for the dance to be held
Friday, the 17th, which is an an
nual affair given for pledges. It
will be informal.
The council has also asked the
various houses to compute their
scholarship ratings. Rush cards for
the final period will be on sale Sat
urday morning.
Tonight's rush dinner finishes the
next to last chance frosh men will
have to size up the various houses
on the Row. With final pledge day
set for a week from today, the cus
tomary period of silence will begin
Thursday evening at 8 o'clock.
During this period there are to be
no contacts between Encina men
and fraternity members. There will
be rush lunches and dinners Tues
day, Wednesday, and Thursday of
next week.
Ed Littlefield, president of the In
terfraternity Council, announced
that the council has been complet
ing plans for the dance to be held
Friday, the 17th, which is an an
nual affair given for pledges. It
will be informal.
The council has also asked the
various houses to compute their
scholarship ratings. Rush cards for
the final period will be on sale Sat
urday morning.
Tonight's rush dinner finishes the
next to last chance frosh men will
have to size up the various houses
on the Row. With final pledge day
set for a week from today, the cus
tomary period of silence will begin
Thursday evening at 8 o'clock.
During this period there are to be
no contacts between Encina men
and fraternity members. There will
be rush lunches and dinners Tues
day, Wednesday, and Thursday of
next week.
Ed Littlefield, president of the In
terfraternity Council, announced
that the council has been complet
ing plans for the dance to be held
Friday, the 17th, which is an an
nual affair given for pledges. It
will be informal.
The council has also asked the
various houses to compute their
scholarship ratings. Rush cards for
the final period will be on sale Sat
urday morning.
Tonight's rush dinner finishes the
next to last chance frosh men will
have to size up the various houses
on the Row. With final pledge day
set for a week from today, the cus
tomary period of silence will begin
Thursday evening at 8 o'clock.
During this period there are to be
no contacts between Encina men
and fraternity members. There will
be rush lunches and dinners Tues
day, Wednesday, and Thursday of
next week.
Ed Littlefield, president of the In
terfraternity Council, announced
that the council has been complet
ing plans for the dance to be held
Friday, the 17th, which is an an
nual affair given for pledges. It
will be informal.
The council has also asked the
various houses to compute their
scholarship ratings. Rush cards for
the final period will be on sale Sat
urday morning.
Tonight's rush dinner finishes the
next to last chance frosh men will
have to size up the various houses
on the Row. With final pledge day
set for a week from today, the cus
tomary period of silence will begin
Thursday evening at 8 o'clock.
During this period there are to be
no contacts between Encina men
and fraternity members. There will
be rush lunches and dinners Tues
day, Wednesday, and Thursday of
next week.
Ed Littlefield, president of the In
terfraternity Council, announced
that the council has been complet
ing plans for the dance to be held
Friday, the 17th, which is an an
nual affair given for pledges. It
will be informal.
The council has also asked the
various houses to compute their
scholarship ratings. Rush cards for
the final period will be on sale Sat
urday morning.
Tonight's rush dinner finishes the
next to last chance frosh men will
have to size up the various houses
on the Row. With final pledge day
set for a week from today, the cus
tomary period of silence will begin
Thursday evening at 8 o'clock.
During this period there are to be
no contacts between Encina men
and fraternity members. There will
be rush lunches and dinners Tues
day, Wednesday, and Thursday of
next week.
Ed Littlefield, president of the In
terfraternity Council, announced
that the council has been complet
ing plans for the dance to be held
Friday, the 17th, which is an an
nual affair given for pledges. It
will be informal.
The council has also asked the
various houses to compute their
scholarship ratings. Rush cards for
the final period will be on sale Sat
urday morning.
Tonight's rush dinner finishes the
next to last chance frosh men will
have to size up the various houses
on the Row. With final pledge day
set for a week from today, the cus
tomary period of silence will begin
Thursday evening at 8 o'clock.
During this period there are to be
no contacts between Encina men
and fraternity members. There will
be rush lunches and dinners Tues
day, Wednesday, and Thursday of
next week.
Ed Littlefield, president of the In
terfraternity Council, announced
that the council has been complet
ing plans for the dance to be held
Friday, the 17th, which is an an
nual affair given for pledges. It
will be informal.
The council has also asked the
various houses to compute their
scholarship ratings. Rush cards for
the final period will be on sale Sat
urday morning.
Tonight's rush dinner finishes the
next to last chance frosh men will
have to size up the various houses
on the Row. With final pledge day
set for a week from today, the cus
tomary period of silence will begin
Thursday evening at 8 o'clock.
During this period there are to be
no contacts between Encina men
and fraternity members. There will
be rush lunches and dinners Tues
day, Wednesday, and Thursday of
next week.
Ed Littlefield, president of the In
terfraternity Council, announced
that the council has been complet
ing plans for the dance to be held
Friday, the 17th, which is an an
nual affair given for pledges. It
will be informal.
The council has also asked the
various houses to compute their
scholarship ratings. Rush cards for
the final period will be on sale Sat
urday morning.
Tonight's rush dinner finishes the
next to last chance frosh men will
have to size up the various houses
on the Row. With final pledge day
set for a week from today, the cus
tomary period of silence will begin
Thursday evening at 8 o'clock.
During this period there are to be
no contacts between Encina men
and fraternity members. There will
be rush lunches and dinners Tues
day, Wednesday, and Thursday of
next week.
Ed Littlefield, president of the In
terfraternity Council, announced
that the council has been complet
ing plans for the dance to be held
Friday, the 17th, which is an an
nual affair given for pledges. It
will be informal.
The council has also asked the
various houses to compute their
scholarship ratings. Rush cards for
the final period will be on sale Sat
urday morning.
Tonight's rush dinner finishes the
next to last chance frosh men will
have to size up the various houses
on the Row. With final pledge day
set for a week from today, the cus
tomary period of silence will begin
Thursday evening at 8 o'clock.
During this period there are to be
no contacts between Encina men
and fraternity members. There will
be rush lunches and dinners Tues
day, Wednesday, and Thursday of
next week.
Ed Littlefield, president of the In
terfraternity Council, announced
that the council has been complet
ing plans for the dance to be held
Friday, the 17th, which is an an
nual affair given for pledges. It
will be informal.
The council has also asked the
various houses to compute their
scholarship ratings. Rush cards for
the final period will be on sale Sat
urday morning.
Tonight's rush dinner finishes the
next to last chance frosh men will
have to size up the various houses
on the Row. With final pledge day
set for a week from today, the cus
tomary period of silence will begin
Thursday evening at 8 o'clock.
During this period there are to be
no contacts between Encina men
and fraternity members. There will
be rush lunches and dinners Tues
day, Wednesday, and Thursday of
next week.
Ed Littlefield, president of the In
terfraternity Council, announced
that the council has been complet
ing plans for the dance to be held
Friday, the 17th, which is an an
nual affair given for pledges. It
will be informal.
The council has also asked the
various houses to compute their
scholarship ratings. Rush cards for
the final period will be on sale Sat
urday morning.
Tonight's rush dinner finishes the
next to last chance frosh men will
have to size up the various houses
on the Row. With final pledge day
set for a week from today, the cus
tomary period of silence will begin
Thursday evening at 8 o'clock.
During this period there are to be
no contacts between Encina men
and fraternity members. There will
be rush lunches and dinners Tues
day, Wednesday, and Thursday of
next week.
Ed Littlefield, president of the In
terfraternity Council, announced
that the council has been complet
ing plans for the dance to be held
Friday, the 17th, which is an an
nual affair given for pledges. It
will be informal.
The council has also asked the
various houses to compute their
scholarship ratings. Rush cards for
the final period will be on sale Sat
urday morning.
Tonight's rush dinner finishes the
next to last chance frosh men will
have to size up the various houses
on the Row. With final pledge day
set for a week from today, the cus
tomary period of silence will begin
Thursday evening at 8 o'clock.
During this period there are to be
no contacts between Encina men
and fraternity members. There will
be rush lunches and dinners Tues
day, Wednesday, and Thursday of
next week.
Ed Littlefield, president of the In
terfraternity Council, announced
that the council has been complet
ing plans for the dance to be held
Friday, the 17th, which is an an
nual affair given for pledges. It
will be informal.
The council has also asked the
various houses to compute their
scholarship ratings. Rush cards for
the final period will be on sale Sat
urday morning.
Tonight's rush dinner finishes the
next to last chance frosh men will
have to size up the various houses
on the Row. With final pledge day
set for a week from today, the cus
tomary period of silence will begin
Thursday evening at 8 o'clock.
During this period there are to be
no contacts between Encina men
and fraternity members. There will
be rush lunches and dinners Tues
day, Wednesday, and Thursday of
next week.
Ed Littlefield, president of the In
terfraternity Council, announced
that the council has been complet
ing plans for the dance to be held
Friday, the 17th, which is an an
nual affair given for pledges. It
will be informal.
The council has also asked the
various houses to compute their
scholarship ratings. Rush cards for
the final period will be on sale Sat
urday morning.
