# Murray Defeated by Johnson.
## 
### 
R. L. Murray, '13, was defeated yes
terday afternoon in the State Cham
pionship on the Claremont Country
Club courts by William Johnston, 6-4,
5-7,6-4,6-4.
R. L. Murray, '13, was defeated yes
terday afternoon in the State Cham
pionship on the Claremont Country
Club courts by William Johnston, 6-4,
5-7,6-4,6-4.
R. L. Murray, '13, was defeated yes
terday afternoon in the State Cham
pionship on the Claremont Country
Club courts by William Johnston, 6-4,
5-7,6-4,6-4.
R. L. Murray, '13, was defeated yes
terday afternoon in the State Cham
pionship on the Claremont Country
Club courts by William Johnston, 6-4,
5-7,6-4,6-4.
R. L. Murray, '13, was defeated yes
terday afternoon in the State Cham
pionship on the Claremont Country
Club courts by William Johnston, 6-4,
5-7,6-4,6-4.
R. L. Murray, '13, was defeated yes
terday afternoon in the State Cham
pionship on the Claremont Country
Club courts by William Johnston, 6-4,
5-7,6-4,6-4.
R. L. Murray, '13, was defeated yes
terday afternoon in the State Cham
pionship on the Claremont Country
Club courts by William Johnston, 6-4,
5-7,6-4,6-4.
R. L. Murray, '13, was defeated yes
terday afternoon in the State Cham
pionship on the Claremont Country
Club courts by William Johnston, 6-4,
5-7,6-4,6-4.
R. L. Murray, '13, was defeated yes
terday afternoon in the State Cham
pionship on the Claremont Country
Club courts by William Johnston, 6-4,
5-7,6-4,6-4.
R. L. Murray, '13, was defeated yes
terday afternoon in the State Cham
pionship on the Claremont Country
Club courts by William Johnston, 6-4,
5-7,6-4,6-4.
R. L. Murray, '13, was defeated yes
terday afternoon in the State Cham
pionship on the Claremont Country
Club courts by William Johnston, 6-4,
5-7,6-4,6-4.
R. L. Murray, '13, was defeated yes
terday afternoon in the State Cham
pionship on the Claremont Country
Club courts by William Johnston, 6-4,
5-7,6-4,6-4.
R. L. Murray, '13, was defeated yes
terday afternoon in the State Cham
pionship on the Claremont Country
Club courts by William Johnston, 6-4,
5-7,6-4,6-4.
