# Defends Title.
## 
### 
E. R Wolford, '15, successfully de
fended his junior skiff championship
title at Lake Merritt regetta held un
der the auspices of the Northern Sons
of the Golden West at Oakland yes
terday.
E. R Wolford, '15, successfully de
fended his junior skiff championship
title at Lake Merritt regetta held un
der the auspices of the Northern Sons
of the Golden West at Oakland yes
terday.
E. R Wolford, '15, successfully de
fended his junior skiff championship
title at Lake Merritt regetta held un
der the auspices of the Northern Sons
of the Golden West at Oakland yes
terday.
E. R Wolford, '15, successfully de
fended his junior skiff championship
title at Lake Merritt regetta held un
der the auspices of the Northern Sons
of the Golden West at Oakland yes
terday.
E. R Wolford, '15, successfully de
fended his junior skiff championship
title at Lake Merritt regetta held un
der the auspices of the Northern Sons
of the Golden West at Oakland yes
terday.
E. R Wolford, '15, successfully de
fended his junior skiff championship
title at Lake Merritt regetta held un
der the auspices of the Northern Sons
of the Golden West at Oakland yes
terday.
E. R Wolford, '15, successfully de
fended his junior skiff championship
title at Lake Merritt regetta held un
der the auspices of the Northern Sons
of the Golden West at Oakland yes
terday.
E. R Wolford, '15, successfully de
fended his junior skiff championship
title at Lake Merritt regetta held un
der the auspices of the Northern Sons
of the Golden West at Oakland yes
terday.
E. R Wolford, '15, successfully de
fended his junior skiff championship
title at Lake Merritt regetta held un
der the auspices of the Northern Sons
of the Golden West at Oakland yes
terday.
E. R Wolford, '15, successfully de
fended his junior skiff championship
title at Lake Merritt regetta held un
der the auspices of the Northern Sons
of the Golden West at Oakland yes
terday.
E. R Wolford, '15, successfully de
fended his junior skiff championship
title at Lake Merritt regetta held un
der the auspices of the Northern Sons
of the Golden West at Oakland yes
terday.
E. R Wolford, '15, successfully de
fended his junior skiff championship
title at Lake Merritt regetta held un
der the auspices of the Northern Sons
of the Golden West at Oakland yes
terday.
E. R Wolford, '15, successfully de
fended his junior skiff championship
title at Lake Merritt regetta held un
der the auspices of the Northern Sons
of the Golden West at Oakland yes
terday.
