# Engineer Clubs To Meet At One O'Clock Today
## 
### 
All members of the A.S.C.E. and
A.S.M.E. who are going with Pro
fessor A. S. Niles to inspect con
struction c,f the hangar at the
Sunnyvale Air Base today will meet
outside the aeronautics building at
1 o'clock.
Professor Niles is acquainted with
\ Lieutenant F. R. Hewes, second in
command of operations at the base,
and the party will be permitted a
close view of the work.
Seven to eight inches was the le
gal length for beards in Hohamet's
I time.
All members of the A.S.C.E. and
A.S.M.E. who are going with Pro
fessor A. S. Niles to inspect con
struction c,f the hangar at the
Sunnyvale Air Base today will meet
outside the aeronautics building at
1 o'clock.
Professor Niles is acquainted with
\ Lieutenant F. R. Hewes, second in
command of operations at the base,
and the party will be permitted a
close view of the work.
Seven to eight inches was the le
gal length for beards in Hohamet's
I time.
All members of the A.S.C.E. and
A.S.M.E. who are going with Pro
fessor A. S. Niles to inspect con
struction c,f the hangar at the
Sunnyvale Air Base today will meet
outside the aeronautics building at
1 o'clock.
Professor Niles is acquainted with
\ Lieutenant F. R. Hewes, second in
command of operations at the base,
and the party will be permitted a
close view of the work.
Seven to eight inches was the le
gal length for beards in Hohamet's
I time.
All members of the A.S.C.E. and
A.S.M.E. who are going with Pro
fessor A. S. Niles to inspect con
struction c,f the hangar at the
Sunnyvale Air Base today will meet
outside the aeronautics building at
1 o'clock.
Professor Niles is acquainted with
\ Lieutenant F. R. Hewes, second in
command of operations at the base,
and the party will be permitted a
close view of the work.
Seven to eight inches was the le
gal length for beards in Hohamet's
I time.
All members of the A.S.C.E. and
A.S.M.E. who are going with Pro
fessor A. S. Niles to inspect con
struction c,f the hangar at the
Sunnyvale Air Base today will meet
outside the aeronautics building at
1 o'clock.
Professor Niles is acquainted with
\ Lieutenant F. R. Hewes, second in
command of operations at the base,
and the party will be permitted a
close view of the work.
Seven to eight inches was the le
gal length for beards in Hohamet's
I time.
All members of the A.S.C.E. and
A.S.M.E. who are going with Pro
fessor A. S. Niles to inspect con
struction c,f the hangar at the
Sunnyvale Air Base today will meet
outside the aeronautics building at
1 o'clock.
Professor Niles is acquainted with
\ Lieutenant F. R. Hewes, second in
command of operations at the base,
and the party will be permitted a
close view of the work.
Seven to eight inches was the le
gal length for beards in Hohamet's
I time.
All members of the A.S.C.E. and
A.S.M.E. who are going with Pro
fessor A. S. Niles to inspect con
struction c,f the hangar at the
Sunnyvale Air Base today will meet
outside the aeronautics building at
1 o'clock.
Professor Niles is acquainted with
\ Lieutenant F. R. Hewes, second in
command of operations at the base,
and the party will be permitted a
close view of the work.
Seven to eight inches was the le
gal length for beards in Hohamet's
I time.
All members of the A.S.C.E. and
A.S.M.E. who are going with Pro
fessor A. S. Niles to inspect con
struction c,f the hangar at the
Sunnyvale Air Base today will meet
outside the aeronautics building at
1 o'clock.
Professor Niles is acquainted with
\ Lieutenant F. R. Hewes, second in
command of operations at the base,
and the party will be permitted a
close view of the work.
Seven to eight inches was the le
gal length for beards in Hohamet's
I time.
All members of the A.S.C.E. and
A.S.M.E. who are going with Pro
fessor A. S. Niles to inspect con
struction c,f the hangar at the
Sunnyvale Air Base today will meet
outside the aeronautics building at
1 o'clock.
Professor Niles is acquainted with
\ Lieutenant F. R. Hewes, second in
command of operations at the base,
and the party will be permitted a
close view of the work.
Seven to eight inches was the le
gal length for beards in Hohamet's
I time.
All members of the A.S.C.E. and
A.S.M.E. who are going with Pro
fessor A. S. Niles to inspect con
struction c,f the hangar at the
Sunnyvale Air Base today will meet
outside the aeronautics building at
1 o'clock.
Professor Niles is acquainted with
\ Lieutenant F. R. Hewes, second in
command of operations at the base,
and the party will be permitted a
close view of the work.
Seven to eight inches was the le
gal length for beards in Hohamet's
I time.
All members of the A.S.C.E. and
A.S.M.E. who are going with Pro
fessor A. S. Niles to inspect con
struction c,f the hangar at the
Sunnyvale Air Base today will meet
outside the aeronautics building at
1 o'clock.
Professor Niles is acquainted with
\ Lieutenant F. R. Hewes, second in
command of operations at the base,
and the party will be permitted a
close view of the work.
Seven to eight inches was the le
gal length for beards in Hohamet's
I time.
All members of the A.S.C.E. and
A.S.M.E. who are going with Pro
fessor A. S. Niles to inspect con
struction c,f the hangar at the
Sunnyvale Air Base today will meet
outside the aeronautics building at
1 o'clock.
Professor Niles is acquainted with
\ Lieutenant F. R. Hewes, second in
command of operations at the base,
and the party will be permitted a
close view of the work.
Seven to eight inches was the le
gal length for beards in Hohamet's
I time.
All members of the A.S.C.E. and
A.S.M.E. who are going with Pro
fessor A. S. Niles to inspect con
struction c,f the hangar at the
Sunnyvale Air Base today will meet
outside the aeronautics building at
1 o'clock.
Professor Niles is acquainted with
\ Lieutenant F. R. Hewes, second in
command of operations at the base,
and the party will be permitted a
close view of the work.
Seven to eight inches was the le
gal length for beards in Hohamet's
I time.
All members of the A.S.C.E. and
A.S.M.E. who are going with Pro
fessor A. S. Niles to inspect con
struction c,f the hangar at the
Sunnyvale Air Base today will meet
outside the aeronautics building at
1 o'clock.
Professor Niles is acquainted with
\ Lieutenant F. R. Hewes, second in
command of operations at the base,
and the party will be permitted a
close view of the work.
Seven to eight inches was the le
gal length for beards in Hohamet's
I time.
