# SOLDIERS TO RETURN.
## Stanford Boys in Manila Will Soon be Ordered Home With the First Regiment. 
### 
The official dispatcher from
Washington announce that the First
California Regiment, now at Man
ila. in which regiment Stanford has
nearly forty men, will he immedi
ately ordered home.
It is the intention of the war de
partment to replace al! volunteers
now in the Philippines by regulars.
To accomplish this as soon as pos
sible orders have been issued to all
the regulars, stationed along the
Pacific coast and in Indian reserva
tions, to immediately prepare to
depart on the first transport that
leaves San Francisco. This trans
port is scheduled to leave in about
twelve days. As it is the intention
to have the regiments returned in
the order of their departure, the
First Regiment of California, being
among the first to leave, will be
among the first to return.
The trip by transport to the Phil
ippines is gem-rally estimated to
take six weeks, and if the present
announced plan of the war depart
ment is carried out, the Stanford
members of company K. First Cali
fornia Volunteers, will be on the
coast in time To witness the inter
collegiate field day and debate.
The official dispatcher from
Washington announce that the First
California Regiment, now at Man
ila. in which regiment Stanford has
nearly forty men, will he immedi
ately ordered home.
It is the intention of the war de
partment to replace al! volunteers
now in the Philippines by regulars.
To accomplish this as soon as pos
sible orders have been issued to all
the regulars, stationed along the
Pacific coast and in Indian reserva
tions, to immediately prepare to
depart on the first transport that
leaves San Francisco. This trans
port is scheduled to leave in about
twelve days. As it is the intention
to have the regiments returned in
the order of their departure, the
First Regiment of California, being
among the first to leave, will be
among the first to return.
The trip by transport to the Phil
ippines is gem-rally estimated to
take six weeks, and if the present
announced plan of the war depart
ment is carried out, the Stanford
members of company K. First Cali
fornia Volunteers, will be on the
coast in time To witness the inter
collegiate field day and debate.
The official dispatcher from
Washington announce that the First
California Regiment, now at Man
ila. in which regiment Stanford has
nearly forty men, will he immedi
ately ordered home.
It is the intention of the war de
partment to replace al! volunteers
now in the Philippines by regulars.
To accomplish this as soon as pos
sible orders have been issued to all
the regulars, stationed along the
Pacific coast and in Indian reserva
tions, to immediately prepare to
depart on the first transport that
leaves San Francisco. This trans
port is scheduled to leave in about
twelve days. As it is the intention
to have the regiments returned in
the order of their departure, the
First Regiment of California, being
among the first to leave, will be
among the first to return.
The trip by transport to the Phil
ippines is gem-rally estimated to
take six weeks, and if the present
announced plan of the war depart
ment is carried out, the Stanford
members of company K. First Cali
fornia Volunteers, will be on the
coast in time To witness the inter
collegiate field day and debate.
The official dispatcher from
Washington announce that the First
California Regiment, now at Man
ila. in which regiment Stanford has
nearly forty men, will he immedi
ately ordered home.
It is the intention of the war de
partment to replace al! volunteers
now in the Philippines by regulars.
To accomplish this as soon as pos
sible orders have been issued to all
the regulars, stationed along the
Pacific coast and in Indian reserva
tions, to immediately prepare to
depart on the first transport that
leaves San Francisco. This trans
port is scheduled to leave in about
twelve days. As it is the intention
to have the regiments returned in
the order of their departure, the
First Regiment of California, being
among the first to leave, will be
among the first to return.
The trip by transport to the Phil
ippines is gem-rally estimated to
take six weeks, and if the present
announced plan of the war depart
ment is carried out, the Stanford
members of company K. First Cali
fornia Volunteers, will be on the
coast in time To witness the inter
collegiate field day and debate.
The official dispatcher from
Washington announce that the First
California Regiment, now at Man
ila. in which regiment Stanford has
nearly forty men, will he immedi
ately ordered home.
It is the intention of the war de
partment to replace al! volunteers
now in the Philippines by regulars.
To accomplish this as soon as pos
sible orders have been issued to all
the regulars, stationed along the
Pacific coast and in Indian reserva
tions, to immediately prepare to
depart on the first transport that
leaves San Francisco. This trans
port is scheduled to leave in about
twelve days. As it is the intention
to have the regiments returned in
the order of their departure, the
First Regiment of California, being
among the first to leave, will be
among the first to return.
The trip by transport to the Phil
ippines is gem-rally estimated to
take six weeks, and if the present
announced plan of the war depart
ment is carried out, the Stanford
members of company K. First Cali
fornia Volunteers, will be on the
coast in time To witness the inter
collegiate field day and debate.
