# TOYON MEETING
## 
### 
There will be a meeting of all Toyon
Ilall residents at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow
evening in the lobby, according to Mer
vin Shippey, summer quarter manager.
There will be a meeting of all Toyon
Ilall residents at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow
evening in the lobby, according to Mer
vin Shippey, summer quarter manager.
There will be a meeting of all Toyon
Ilall residents at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow
evening in the lobby, according to Mer
vin Shippey, summer quarter manager.
There will be a meeting of all Toyon
Ilall residents at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow
evening in the lobby, according to Mer
vin Shippey, summer quarter manager.
There will be a meeting of all Toyon
Ilall residents at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow
evening in the lobby, according to Mer
vin Shippey, summer quarter manager.
There will be a meeting of all Toyon
Ilall residents at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow
evening in the lobby, according to Mer
vin Shippey, summer quarter manager.
There will be a meeting of all Toyon
Ilall residents at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow
evening in the lobby, according to Mer
vin Shippey, summer quarter manager.
There will be a meeting of all Toyon
Ilall residents at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow
evening in the lobby, according to Mer
vin Shippey, summer quarter manager.
There will be a meeting of all Toyon
Ilall residents at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow
evening in the lobby, according to Mer
vin Shippey, summer quarter manager.
There will be a meeting of all Toyon
Ilall residents at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow
evening in the lobby, according to Mer
vin Shippey, summer quarter manager.
There will be a meeting of all Toyon
Ilall residents at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow
evening in the lobby, according to Mer
vin Shippey, summer quarter manager.
There will be a meeting of all Toyon
Ilall residents at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow
evening in the lobby, according to Mer
vin Shippey, summer quarter manager.
There will be a meeting of all Toyon
Ilall residents at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow
evening in the lobby, according to Mer
vin Shippey, summer quarter manager.
There will be a meeting of all Toyon
Ilall residents at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow
evening in the lobby, according to Mer
vin Shippey, summer quarter manager.
