# Jefferson Stephens, '32, Marries Eastern Girl
## 
### 
Jefferson Chandler Stephens, '32, of
Los Angeles, was married last week to
Miss Sallie Hanks Gibson of Green
wich, Connecticut. Stephens is a mem
ber of Delta Kappa Epsilon and a for
mer football manager.
Mr. and Mrs. Stephens are now visit
ing around Monterey. They intend to
make their home in southern Califor
nia, where Stephens is to enter busi
ness.
Jefferson Chandler Stephens, '32, of
Los Angeles, was married last week to
Miss Sallie Hanks Gibson of Green
wich, Connecticut. Stephens is a mem
ber of Delta Kappa Epsilon and a for
mer football manager.
Mr. and Mrs. Stephens are now visit
ing around Monterey. They intend to
make their home in southern Califor
nia, where Stephens is to enter busi
ness.
Jefferson Chandler Stephens, '32, of
Los Angeles, was married last week to
Miss Sallie Hanks Gibson of Green
wich, Connecticut. Stephens is a mem
ber of Delta Kappa Epsilon and a for
mer football manager.
Mr. and Mrs. Stephens are now visit
ing around Monterey. They intend to
make their home in southern Califor
nia, where Stephens is to enter busi
ness.
Jefferson Chandler Stephens, '32, of
Los Angeles, was married last week to
Miss Sallie Hanks Gibson of Green
wich, Connecticut. Stephens is a mem
ber of Delta Kappa Epsilon and a for
mer football manager.
Mr. and Mrs. Stephens are now visit
ing around Monterey. They intend to
make their home in southern Califor
nia, where Stephens is to enter busi
ness.
Jefferson Chandler Stephens, '32, of
Los Angeles, was married last week to
Miss Sallie Hanks Gibson of Green
wich, Connecticut. Stephens is a mem
ber of Delta Kappa Epsilon and a for
mer football manager.
Mr. and Mrs. Stephens are now visit
ing around Monterey. They intend to
make their home in southern Califor
nia, where Stephens is to enter busi
ness.
Jefferson Chandler Stephens, '32, of
Los Angeles, was married last week to
Miss Sallie Hanks Gibson of Green
wich, Connecticut. Stephens is a mem
ber of Delta Kappa Epsilon and a for
mer football manager.
Mr. and Mrs. Stephens are now visit
ing around Monterey. They intend to
make their home in southern Califor
nia, where Stephens is to enter busi
ness.
Jefferson Chandler Stephens, '32, of
Los Angeles, was married last week to
Miss Sallie Hanks Gibson of Green
wich, Connecticut. Stephens is a mem
ber of Delta Kappa Epsilon and a for
mer football manager.
Mr. and Mrs. Stephens are now visit
ing around Monterey. They intend to
make their home in southern Califor
nia, where Stephens is to enter busi
ness.
Jefferson Chandler Stephens, '32, of
Los Angeles, was married last week to
Miss Sallie Hanks Gibson of Green
wich, Connecticut. Stephens is a mem
ber of Delta Kappa Epsilon and a for
mer football manager.
Mr. and Mrs. Stephens are now visit
ing around Monterey. They intend to
make their home in southern Califor
nia, where Stephens is to enter busi
ness.
Jefferson Chandler Stephens, '32, of
Los Angeles, was married last week to
Miss Sallie Hanks Gibson of Green
wich, Connecticut. Stephens is a mem
ber of Delta Kappa Epsilon and a for
mer football manager.
Mr. and Mrs. Stephens are now visit
ing around Monterey. They intend to
make their home in southern Califor
nia, where Stephens is to enter busi
ness.
Jefferson Chandler Stephens, '32, of
Los Angeles, was married last week to
Miss Sallie Hanks Gibson of Green
wich, Connecticut. Stephens is a mem
ber of Delta Kappa Epsilon and a for
mer football manager.
Mr. and Mrs. Stephens are now visit
ing around Monterey. They intend to
make their home in southern Califor
nia, where Stephens is to enter busi
ness.
Jefferson Chandler Stephens, '32, of
Los Angeles, was married last week to
Miss Sallie Hanks Gibson of Green
wich, Connecticut. Stephens is a mem
ber of Delta Kappa Epsilon and a for
mer football manager.
Mr. and Mrs. Stephens are now visit
ing around Monterey. They intend to
make their home in southern Califor
nia, where Stephens is to enter busi
ness.
Jefferson Chandler Stephens, '32, of
Los Angeles, was married last week to
Miss Sallie Hanks Gibson of Green
wich, Connecticut. Stephens is a mem
ber of Delta Kappa Epsilon and a for
mer football manager.
Mr. and Mrs. Stephens are now visit
ing around Monterey. They intend to
make their home in southern Califor
nia, where Stephens is to enter busi
ness.
Jefferson Chandler Stephens, '32, of
Los Angeles, was married last week to
Miss Sallie Hanks Gibson of Green
wich, Connecticut. Stephens is a mem
ber of Delta Kappa Epsilon and a for
mer football manager.
Mr. and Mrs. Stephens are now visit
ing around Monterey. They intend to
make their home in southern Califor
nia, where Stephens is to enter busi
ness.
Jefferson Chandler Stephens, '32, of
Los Angeles, was married last week to
Miss Sallie Hanks Gibson of Green
wich, Connecticut. Stephens is a mem
ber of Delta Kappa Epsilon and a for
mer football manager.
Mr. and Mrs. Stephens are now visit
ing around Monterey. They intend to
make their home in southern Califor
nia, where Stephens is to enter busi
ness.
