# "Widow" Bites Death Valley Scotty
## 
### 

Death again struck at Death Valley Scotty, or Walter Scott, famous desert
character, as lie prospected in the lower end of Death Valley. Scotty crawled
under an old blanket in a deserted shack and was bitten on the foot by a
poisonous black widow spider. Whether it was the weird dance put on by the
Indians to drive the devil out of his foot or the kerosene he applied to the
infection, Hollywood physicians soon declared the famous character out of
danger, lie is shown above resting his badlv swollen lez.

Death again struck at Death Valley Scotty, or Walter Scott, famous desert
character, as lie prospected in the lower end of Death Valley. Scotty crawled
under an old blanket in a deserted shack and was bitten on the foot by a
poisonous black widow spider. Whether it was the weird dance put on by the
Indians to drive the devil out of his foot or the kerosene he applied to the
infection, Hollywood physicians soon declared the famous character out of
danger, lie is shown above resting his badlv swollen lez.

Death again struck at Death Valley Scotty, or Walter Scott, famous desert
character, as lie prospected in the lower end of Death Valley. Scotty crawled
under an old blanket in a deserted shack and was bitten on the foot by a
poisonous black widow spider. Whether it was the weird dance put on by the
Indians to drive the devil out of his foot or the kerosene he applied to the
infection, Hollywood physicians soon declared the famous character out of
danger, lie is shown above resting his badlv swollen lez.

Death again struck at Death Valley Scotty, or Walter Scott, famous desert
character, as lie prospected in the lower end of Death Valley. Scotty crawled
under an old blanket in a deserted shack and was bitten on the foot by a
poisonous black widow spider. Whether it was the weird dance put on by the
Indians to drive the devil out of his foot or the kerosene he applied to the
infection, Hollywood physicians soon declared the famous character out of
danger, lie is shown above resting his badlv swollen lez.

Death again struck at Death Valley Scotty, or Walter Scott, famous desert
character, as lie prospected in the lower end of Death Valley. Scotty crawled
under an old blanket in a deserted shack and was bitten on the foot by a
poisonous black widow spider. Whether it was the weird dance put on by the
Indians to drive the devil out of his foot or the kerosene he applied to the
infection, Hollywood physicians soon declared the famous character out of
danger, lie is shown above resting his badlv swollen lez.

Death again struck at Death Valley Scotty, or Walter Scott, famous desert
character, as lie prospected in the lower end of Death Valley. Scotty crawled
under an old blanket in a deserted shack and was bitten on the foot by a
poisonous black widow spider. Whether it was the weird dance put on by the
Indians to drive the devil out of his foot or the kerosene he applied to the
infection, Hollywood physicians soon declared the famous character out of
danger, lie is shown above resting his badlv swollen lez.

Death again struck at Death Valley Scotty, or Walter Scott, famous desert
character, as lie prospected in the lower end of Death Valley. Scotty crawled
under an old blanket in a deserted shack and was bitten on the foot by a
poisonous black widow spider. Whether it was the weird dance put on by the
Indians to drive the devil out of his foot or the kerosene he applied to the
infection, Hollywood physicians soon declared the famous character out of
danger, lie is shown above resting his badlv swollen lez.

Death again struck at Death Valley Scotty, or Walter Scott, famous desert
character, as lie prospected in the lower end of Death Valley. Scotty crawled
under an old blanket in a deserted shack and was bitten on the foot by a
poisonous black widow spider. Whether it was the weird dance put on by the
Indians to drive the devil out of his foot or the kerosene he applied to the
infection, Hollywood physicians soon declared the famous character out of
danger, lie is shown above resting his badlv swollen lez.

Death again struck at Death Valley Scotty, or Walter Scott, famous desert
character, as lie prospected in the lower end of Death Valley. Scotty crawled
under an old blanket in a deserted shack and was bitten on the foot by a
poisonous black widow spider. Whether it was the weird dance put on by the
Indians to drive the devil out of his foot or the kerosene he applied to the
infection, Hollywood physicians soon declared the famous character out of
danger, lie is shown above resting his badlv swollen lez.

Death again struck at Death Valley Scotty, or Walter Scott, famous desert
character, as lie prospected in the lower end of Death Valley. Scotty crawled
under an old blanket in a deserted shack and was bitten on the foot by a
poisonous black widow spider. Whether it was the weird dance put on by the
Indians to drive the devil out of his foot or the kerosene he applied to the
infection, Hollywood physicians soon declared the famous character out of
danger, lie is shown above resting his badlv swollen lez.

Death again struck at Death Valley Scotty, or Walter Scott, famous desert
character, as lie prospected in the lower end of Death Valley. Scotty crawled
under an old blanket in a deserted shack and was bitten on the foot by a
poisonous black widow spider. Whether it was the weird dance put on by the
Indians to drive the devil out of his foot or the kerosene he applied to the
infection, Hollywood physicians soon declared the famous character out of
danger, lie is shown above resting his badlv swollen lez.

Death again struck at Death Valley Scotty, or Walter Scott, famous desert
character, as lie prospected in the lower end of Death Valley. Scotty crawled
under an old blanket in a deserted shack and was bitten on the foot by a
poisonous black widow spider. Whether it was the weird dance put on by the
Indians to drive the devil out of his foot or the kerosene he applied to the
infection, Hollywood physicians soon declared the famous character out of
danger, lie is shown above resting his badlv swollen lez.

Death again struck at Death Valley Scotty, or Walter Scott, famous desert
character, as lie prospected in the lower end of Death Valley. Scotty crawled
under an old blanket in a deserted shack and was bitten on the foot by a
poisonous black widow spider. Whether it was the weird dance put on by the
Indians to drive the devil out of his foot or the kerosene he applied to the
infection, Hollywood physicians soon declared the famous character out of
danger, lie is shown above resting his badlv swollen lez.

Death again struck at Death Valley Scotty, or Walter Scott, famous desert
character, as lie prospected in the lower end of Death Valley. Scotty crawled
under an old blanket in a deserted shack and was bitten on the foot by a
poisonous black widow spider. Whether it was the weird dance put on by the
Indians to drive the devil out of his foot or the kerosene he applied to the
infection, Hollywood physicians soon declared the famous character out of
danger, lie is shown above resting his badlv swollen lez.
