# Wanting List to Be Opened Jan. 11.
## 
### 
Manager A. A. Quinn of Encina Hali
lias announced that rooms will be
opened to those 011 the waiting list,
Tuesday, January 11. The present oc
cupants of the hall who will not be
011 the campus during the Christmas
vacation are requested to report to
the office on the day ot' their return
or the rent charged will be reckoned
from January 1.
Manager A. A. Quinn of Encina Hali
lias announced that rooms will be
opened to those 011 the waiting list,
Tuesday, January 11. The present oc
cupants of the hall who will not be
011 the campus during the Christmas
vacation are requested to report to
the office on the day ot' their return
or the rent charged will be reckoned
from January 1.
Manager A. A. Quinn of Encina Hali
lias announced that rooms will be
opened to those 011 the waiting list,
Tuesday, January 11. The present oc
cupants of the hall who will not be
011 the campus during the Christmas
vacation are requested to report to
the office on the day ot' their return
or the rent charged will be reckoned
from January 1.
Manager A. A. Quinn of Encina Hali
lias announced that rooms will be
opened to those 011 the waiting list,
Tuesday, January 11. The present oc
cupants of the hall who will not be
011 the campus during the Christmas
vacation are requested to report to
the office on the day ot' their return
or the rent charged will be reckoned
from January 1.
Manager A. A. Quinn of Encina Hali
lias announced that rooms will be
opened to those 011 the waiting list,
Tuesday, January 11. The present oc
cupants of the hall who will not be
011 the campus during the Christmas
vacation are requested to report to
the office on the day ot' their return
or the rent charged will be reckoned
from January 1.
Manager A. A. Quinn of Encina Hali
lias announced that rooms will be
opened to those 011 the waiting list,
Tuesday, January 11. The present oc
cupants of the hall who will not be
011 the campus during the Christmas
vacation are requested to report to
the office on the day ot' their return
or the rent charged will be reckoned
from January 1.
Manager A. A. Quinn of Encina Hali
lias announced that rooms will be
opened to those 011 the waiting list,
Tuesday, January 11. The present oc
cupants of the hall who will not be
011 the campus during the Christmas
vacation are requested to report to
the office on the day ot' their return
or the rent charged will be reckoned
from January 1.
Manager A. A. Quinn of Encina Hali
lias announced that rooms will be
opened to those 011 the waiting list,
Tuesday, January 11. The present oc
cupants of the hall who will not be
011 the campus during the Christmas
vacation are requested to report to
the office on the day ot' their return
or the rent charged will be reckoned
from January 1.
Manager A. A. Quinn of Encina Hali
lias announced that rooms will be
opened to those 011 the waiting list,
Tuesday, January 11. The present oc
cupants of the hall who will not be
011 the campus during the Christmas
vacation are requested to report to
the office on the day ot' their return
or the rent charged will be reckoned
from January 1.
Manager A. A. Quinn of Encina Hali
lias announced that rooms will be
opened to those 011 the waiting list,
Tuesday, January 11. The present oc
cupants of the hall who will not be
011 the campus during the Christmas
vacation are requested to report to
the office on the day ot' their return
or the rent charged will be reckoned
from January 1.
Manager A. A. Quinn of Encina Hali
lias announced that rooms will be
opened to those 011 the waiting list,
Tuesday, January 11. The present oc
cupants of the hall who will not be
011 the campus during the Christmas
vacation are requested to report to
the office on the day ot' their return
or the rent charged will be reckoned
from January 1.
