# WHERE TO GO
## 
### 
Tuesday—Freshmen vs. California
in Oakland auditorium. (Bas
ketball.)
Varsity vs. California in Oak
land auditorium. (Basketball.)
Wednesday—Freshman baseball
team vs. Los Gatos high school.
Varsity baseball team vs. Am
brose Tailors on varsity field.
Thursday—lrish Marathon on
track oval.
Friday—Freshman water polo
team vs. California at Sutro
Baths.
Varsity water polo team vs.
California at Sutro Baths.
Saturday—Varsity soccer team
vs. Russian A. C. at San Fran
cisco.
Varsity baseball team vs. Ken
ealy Seals on Varsity field.
Freshman baseball team vs.
Alameda high school.
Tuesday—Freshmen vs. California
in Oakland auditorium. (Bas
ketball.)
Varsity vs. California in Oak
land auditorium. (Basketball.)
Wednesday—Freshman baseball
team vs. Los Gatos high school.
Varsity baseball team vs. Am
brose Tailors on varsity field.
Thursday—lrish Marathon on
track oval.
Friday—Freshman water polo
team vs. California at Sutro
Baths.
Varsity water polo team vs.
California at Sutro Baths.
Saturday—Varsity soccer team
vs. Russian A. C. at San Fran
cisco.
Varsity baseball team vs. Ken
ealy Seals on Varsity field.
Freshman baseball team vs.
Alameda high school.
Tuesday—Freshmen vs. California
in Oakland auditorium. (Bas
ketball.)
Varsity vs. California in Oak
land auditorium. (Basketball.)
Wednesday—Freshman baseball
team vs. Los Gatos high school.
Varsity baseball team vs. Am
brose Tailors on varsity field.
Thursday—lrish Marathon on
track oval.
Friday—Freshman water polo
team vs. California at Sutro
Baths.
Varsity water polo team vs.
California at Sutro Baths.
Saturday—Varsity soccer team
vs. Russian A. C. at San Fran
cisco.
Varsity baseball team vs. Ken
ealy Seals on Varsity field.
Freshman baseball team vs.
Alameda high school.
Tuesday—Freshmen vs. California
in Oakland auditorium. (Bas
ketball.)
Varsity vs. California in Oak
land auditorium. (Basketball.)
Wednesday—Freshman baseball
team vs. Los Gatos high school.
Varsity baseball team vs. Am
brose Tailors on varsity field.
Thursday—lrish Marathon on
track oval.
Friday—Freshman water polo
team vs. California at Sutro
Baths.
Varsity water polo team vs.
California at Sutro Baths.
Saturday—Varsity soccer team
vs. Russian A. C. at San Fran
cisco.
Varsity baseball team vs. Ken
ealy Seals on Varsity field.
Freshman baseball team vs.
Alameda high school.
Tuesday—Freshmen vs. California
in Oakland auditorium. (Bas
ketball.)
Varsity vs. California in Oak
land auditorium. (Basketball.)
Wednesday—Freshman baseball
team vs. Los Gatos high school.
Varsity baseball team vs. Am
brose Tailors on varsity field.
Thursday—lrish Marathon on
track oval.
Friday—Freshman water polo
team vs. California at Sutro
Baths.
Varsity water polo team vs.
California at Sutro Baths.
Saturday—Varsity soccer team
vs. Russian A. C. at San Fran
cisco.
Varsity baseball team vs. Ken
ealy Seals on Varsity field.
Freshman baseball team vs.
Alameda high school.
Tuesday—Freshmen vs. California
in Oakland auditorium. (Bas
ketball.)
Varsity vs. California in Oak
land auditorium. (Basketball.)
Wednesday—Freshman baseball
team vs. Los Gatos high school.
Varsity baseball team vs. Am
brose Tailors on varsity field.
Thursday—lrish Marathon on
track oval.
Friday—Freshman water polo
team vs. California at Sutro
Baths.
Varsity water polo team vs.
California at Sutro Baths.
Saturday—Varsity soccer team
vs. Russian A. C. at San Fran
cisco.
Varsity baseball team vs. Ken
ealy Seals on Varsity field.
Freshman baseball team vs.
Alameda high school.
Tuesday—Freshmen vs. California
in Oakland auditorium. (Bas
ketball.)
Varsity vs. California in Oak
land auditorium. (Basketball.)
Wednesday—Freshman baseball
team vs. Los Gatos high school.
Varsity baseball team vs. Am
brose Tailors on varsity field.
Thursday—lrish Marathon on
track oval.
Friday—Freshman water polo
team vs. California at Sutro
Baths.
Varsity water polo team vs.
California at Sutro Baths.
Saturday—Varsity soccer team
vs. Russian A. C. at San Fran
cisco.
Varsity baseball team vs. Ken
ealy Seals on Varsity field.
Freshman baseball team vs.
Alameda high school.
Tuesday—Freshmen vs. California
in Oakland auditorium. (Bas
ketball.)
Varsity vs. California in Oak
land auditorium. (Basketball.)
Wednesday—Freshman baseball
team vs. Los Gatos high school.
Varsity baseball team vs. Am
brose Tailors on varsity field.
Thursday—lrish Marathon on
track oval.
Friday—Freshman water polo
team vs. California at Sutro
Baths.
Varsity water polo team vs.
California at Sutro Baths.
Saturday—Varsity soccer team
vs. Russian A. C. at San Fran
cisco.
Varsity baseball team vs. Ken
ealy Seals on Varsity field.
Freshman baseball team vs.
Alameda high school.
Tuesday—Freshmen vs. California
in Oakland auditorium. (Bas
ketball.)
Varsity vs. California in Oak
land auditorium. (Basketball.)
Wednesday—Freshman baseball
team vs. Los Gatos high school.
Varsity baseball team vs. Am
brose Tailors on varsity field.
Thursday—lrish Marathon on
track oval.
Friday—Freshman water polo
team vs. California at Sutro
Baths.
Varsity water polo team vs.
California at Sutro Baths.
Saturday—Varsity soccer team
vs. Russian A. C. at San Fran
cisco.
Varsity baseball team vs. Ken
ealy Seals on Varsity field.
Freshman baseball team vs.
Alameda high school.
Tuesday—Freshmen vs. California
in Oakland auditorium. (Bas
ketball.)
Varsity vs. California in Oak
land auditorium. (Basketball.)
Wednesday—Freshman baseball
team vs. Los Gatos high school.
Varsity baseball team vs. Am
brose Tailors on varsity field.
Thursday—lrish Marathon on
track oval.
Friday—Freshman water polo
team vs. California at Sutro
Baths.
Varsity water polo team vs.
California at Sutro Baths.
Saturday—Varsity soccer team
vs. Russian A. C. at San Fran
cisco.
Varsity baseball team vs. Ken
ealy Seals on Varsity field.
Freshman baseball team vs.
Alameda high school.
Tuesday—Freshmen vs. California
in Oakland auditorium. (Bas
ketball.)
Varsity vs. California in Oak
land auditorium. (Basketball.)
Wednesday—Freshman baseball
team vs. Los Gatos high school.
Varsity baseball team vs. Am
brose Tailors on varsity field.
Thursday—lrish Marathon on
track oval.
Friday—Freshman water polo
team vs. California at Sutro
Baths.
Varsity water polo team vs.
California at Sutro Baths.
Saturday—Varsity soccer team
vs. Russian A. C. at San Fran
cisco.
Varsity baseball team vs. Ken
ealy Seals on Varsity field.
Freshman baseball team vs.
Alameda high school.
Tuesday—Freshmen vs. California
in Oakland auditorium. (Bas
ketball.)
Varsity vs. California in Oak
land auditorium. (Basketball.)
Wednesday—Freshman baseball
team vs. Los Gatos high school.
Varsity baseball team vs. Am
brose Tailors on varsity field.
Thursday—lrish Marathon on
track oval.
Friday—Freshman water polo
team vs. California at Sutro
Baths.
Varsity water polo team vs.
California at Sutro Baths.
Saturday—Varsity soccer team
vs. Russian A. C. at San Fran
cisco.
Varsity baseball team vs. Ken
ealy Seals on Varsity field.
Freshman baseball team vs.
Alameda high school.
Tuesday—Freshmen vs. California
in Oakland auditorium. (Bas
ketball.)
Varsity vs. California in Oak
land auditorium. (Basketball.)
Wednesday—Freshman baseball
team vs. Los Gatos high school.
Varsity baseball team vs. Am
brose Tailors on varsity field.
Thursday—lrish Marathon on
track oval.
Friday—Freshman water polo
team vs. California at Sutro
Baths.
Varsity water polo team vs.
California at Sutro Baths.
Saturday—Varsity soccer team
vs. Russian A. C. at San Fran
cisco.
Varsity baseball team vs. Ken
ealy Seals on Varsity field.
Freshman baseball team vs.
Alameda high school.
Tuesday—Freshmen vs. California
in Oakland auditorium. (Bas
ketball.)
Varsity vs. California in Oak
land auditorium. (Basketball.)
Wednesday—Freshman baseball
team vs. Los Gatos high school.
Varsity baseball team vs. Am
brose Tailors on varsity field.
Thursday—lrish Marathon on
track oval.
Friday—Freshman water polo
team vs. California at Sutro
Baths.
Varsity water polo team vs.
California at Sutro Baths.
Saturday—Varsity soccer team
vs. Russian A. C. at San Fran
cisco.
Varsity baseball team vs. Ken
ealy Seals on Varsity field.
Freshman baseball team vs.
Alameda high school.
Tuesday—Freshmen vs. California
in Oakland auditorium. (Bas
ketball.)
Varsity vs. California in Oak
land auditorium. (Basketball.)
Wednesday—Freshman baseball
team vs. Los Gatos high school.
Varsity baseball team vs. Am
brose Tailors on varsity field.
Thursday—lrish Marathon on
track oval.
Friday—Freshman water polo
team vs. California at Sutro
Baths.
Varsity water polo team vs.
California at Sutro Baths.
Saturday—Varsity soccer team
vs. Russian A. C. at San Fran
cisco.
Varsity baseball team vs. Ken
ealy Seals on Varsity field.
Freshman baseball team vs.
Alameda high school.
