# Creative Dancing Club Tryouts Monday Night
## 
### 
Tryouts for "Ochesis," a women's
club for creative dancing sponsored
by Mrs. Paul Radir, instructor in
the Women's Physical Education De
partment. will be held next Monday
evening. Women interested in par
ticipating are asked to sign up im
mediately with Mrs. Radir or Jane
Deering.
Membership is open to every wo
man who can pass the tryouts.
Judging the tryoutees will be Jane
Deering, Eleanor Day, Anna Markus,
Marion Storey, Phyllis Goldsmith,
and Mrs. Radir.
Tryouts for "Ochesis," a women's
club for creative dancing sponsored
by Mrs. Paul Radir, instructor in
the Women's Physical Education De
partment. will be held next Monday
evening. Women interested in par
ticipating are asked to sign up im
mediately with Mrs. Radir or Jane
Deering.
Membership is open to every wo
man who can pass the tryouts.
Judging the tryoutees will be Jane
Deering, Eleanor Day, Anna Markus,
Marion Storey, Phyllis Goldsmith,
and Mrs. Radir.
Tryouts for "Ochesis," a women's
club for creative dancing sponsored
by Mrs. Paul Radir, instructor in
the Women's Physical Education De
partment. will be held next Monday
evening. Women interested in par
ticipating are asked to sign up im
mediately with Mrs. Radir or Jane
Deering.
Membership is open to every wo
man who can pass the tryouts.
Judging the tryoutees will be Jane
Deering, Eleanor Day, Anna Markus,
Marion Storey, Phyllis Goldsmith,
and Mrs. Radir.
Tryouts for "Ochesis," a women's
club for creative dancing sponsored
by Mrs. Paul Radir, instructor in
the Women's Physical Education De
partment. will be held next Monday
evening. Women interested in par
ticipating are asked to sign up im
mediately with Mrs. Radir or Jane
Deering.
Membership is open to every wo
man who can pass the tryouts.
Judging the tryoutees will be Jane
Deering, Eleanor Day, Anna Markus,
Marion Storey, Phyllis Goldsmith,
and Mrs. Radir.
Tryouts for "Ochesis," a women's
club for creative dancing sponsored
by Mrs. Paul Radir, instructor in
the Women's Physical Education De
partment. will be held next Monday
evening. Women interested in par
ticipating are asked to sign up im
mediately with Mrs. Radir or Jane
Deering.
Membership is open to every wo
man who can pass the tryouts.
Judging the tryoutees will be Jane
Deering, Eleanor Day, Anna Markus,
Marion Storey, Phyllis Goldsmith,
and Mrs. Radir.
Tryouts for "Ochesis," a women's
club for creative dancing sponsored
by Mrs. Paul Radir, instructor in
the Women's Physical Education De
partment. will be held next Monday
evening. Women interested in par
ticipating are asked to sign up im
mediately with Mrs. Radir or Jane
Deering.
Membership is open to every wo
man who can pass the tryouts.
Judging the tryoutees will be Jane
Deering, Eleanor Day, Anna Markus,
Marion Storey, Phyllis Goldsmith,
and Mrs. Radir.
Tryouts for "Ochesis," a women's
club for creative dancing sponsored
by Mrs. Paul Radir, instructor in
the Women's Physical Education De
partment. will be held next Monday
evening. Women interested in par
ticipating are asked to sign up im
mediately with Mrs. Radir or Jane
Deering.
Membership is open to every wo
man who can pass the tryouts.
Judging the tryoutees will be Jane
Deering, Eleanor Day, Anna Markus,
Marion Storey, Phyllis Goldsmith,
and Mrs. Radir.
Tryouts for "Ochesis," a women's
club for creative dancing sponsored
by Mrs. Paul Radir, instructor in
the Women's Physical Education De
partment. will be held next Monday
evening. Women interested in par
ticipating are asked to sign up im
mediately with Mrs. Radir or Jane
Deering.
Membership is open to every wo
man who can pass the tryouts.
Judging the tryoutees will be Jane
Deering, Eleanor Day, Anna Markus,
Marion Storey, Phyllis Goldsmith,
and Mrs. Radir.
Tryouts for "Ochesis," a women's
club for creative dancing sponsored
by Mrs. Paul Radir, instructor in
the Women's Physical Education De
partment. will be held next Monday
evening. Women interested in par
ticipating are asked to sign up im
mediately with Mrs. Radir or Jane
Deering.
Membership is open to every wo
man who can pass the tryouts.
Judging the tryoutees will be Jane
Deering, Eleanor Day, Anna Markus,
Marion Storey, Phyllis Goldsmith,
and Mrs. Radir.
Tryouts for "Ochesis," a women's
club for creative dancing sponsored
by Mrs. Paul Radir, instructor in
the Women's Physical Education De
partment. will be held next Monday
evening. Women interested in par
ticipating are asked to sign up im
mediately with Mrs. Radir or Jane
Deering.
Membership is open to every wo
man who can pass the tryouts.
Judging the tryoutees will be Jane
Deering, Eleanor Day, Anna Markus,
Marion Storey, Phyllis Goldsmith,
and Mrs. Radir.
Tryouts for "Ochesis," a women's
club for creative dancing sponsored
by Mrs. Paul Radir, instructor in
the Women's Physical Education De
partment. will be held next Monday
evening. Women interested in par
ticipating are asked to sign up im
mediately with Mrs. Radir or Jane
Deering.
Membership is open to every wo
man who can pass the tryouts.
Judging the tryoutees will be Jane
Deering, Eleanor Day, Anna Markus,
Marion Storey, Phyllis Goldsmith,
and Mrs. Radir.
Tryouts for "Ochesis," a women's
club for creative dancing sponsored
by Mrs. Paul Radir, instructor in
the Women's Physical Education De
partment. will be held next Monday
evening. Women interested in par
ticipating are asked to sign up im
mediately with Mrs. Radir or Jane
Deering.
Membership is open to every wo
man who can pass the tryouts.
Judging the tryoutees will be Jane
Deering, Eleanor Day, Anna Markus,
Marion Storey, Phyllis Goldsmith,
and Mrs. Radir.
Tryouts for "Ochesis," a women's
club for creative dancing sponsored
by Mrs. Paul Radir, instructor in
the Women's Physical Education De
partment. will be held next Monday
evening. Women interested in par
ticipating are asked to sign up im
mediately with Mrs. Radir or Jane
Deering.
Membership is open to every wo
man who can pass the tryouts.
Judging the tryoutees will be Jane
Deering, Eleanor Day, Anna Markus,
Marion Storey, Phyllis Goldsmith,
and Mrs. Radir.
Tryouts for "Ochesis," a women's
club for creative dancing sponsored
by Mrs. Paul Radir, instructor in
the Women's Physical Education De
partment. will be held next Monday
evening. Women interested in par
ticipating are asked to sign up im
mediately with Mrs. Radir or Jane
Deering.
Membership is open to every wo
man who can pass the tryouts.
Judging the tryoutees will be Jane
Deering, Eleanor Day, Anna Markus,
Marion Storey, Phyllis Goldsmith,
and Mrs. Radir.
