# Technocracy Subject At Walrus Club Meet
## 
### 
Technocracy will be defined and
discussed by members of the Stan
ford Walrus Club under the auspices
of the Y.W.C.A., Thursday evening,
January 26, at 7:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Professor Theodore Kreps of
the Graduate School of Business
will lead the discussion. "Both men
and women students and faculty
members are welcome to attend the
meeting," says Florence Parsons,
president of the organization.
Technocracy will be defined and
discussed by members of the Stan
ford Walrus Club under the auspices
of the Y.W.C.A., Thursday evening,
January 26, at 7:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Professor Theodore Kreps of
the Graduate School of Business
will lead the discussion. "Both men
and women students and faculty
members are welcome to attend the
meeting," says Florence Parsons,
president of the organization.
Technocracy will be defined and
discussed by members of the Stan
ford Walrus Club under the auspices
of the Y.W.C.A., Thursday evening,
January 26, at 7:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Professor Theodore Kreps of
the Graduate School of Business
will lead the discussion. "Both men
and women students and faculty
members are welcome to attend the
meeting," says Florence Parsons,
president of the organization.
Technocracy will be defined and
discussed by members of the Stan
ford Walrus Club under the auspices
of the Y.W.C.A., Thursday evening,
January 26, at 7:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Professor Theodore Kreps of
the Graduate School of Business
will lead the discussion. "Both men
and women students and faculty
members are welcome to attend the
meeting," says Florence Parsons,
president of the organization.
Technocracy will be defined and
discussed by members of the Stan
ford Walrus Club under the auspices
of the Y.W.C.A., Thursday evening,
January 26, at 7:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Professor Theodore Kreps of
the Graduate School of Business
will lead the discussion. "Both men
and women students and faculty
members are welcome to attend the
meeting," says Florence Parsons,
president of the organization.
Technocracy will be defined and
discussed by members of the Stan
ford Walrus Club under the auspices
of the Y.W.C.A., Thursday evening,
January 26, at 7:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Professor Theodore Kreps of
the Graduate School of Business
will lead the discussion. "Both men
and women students and faculty
members are welcome to attend the
meeting," says Florence Parsons,
president of the organization.
Technocracy will be defined and
discussed by members of the Stan
ford Walrus Club under the auspices
of the Y.W.C.A., Thursday evening,
January 26, at 7:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Professor Theodore Kreps of
the Graduate School of Business
will lead the discussion. "Both men
and women students and faculty
members are welcome to attend the
meeting," says Florence Parsons,
president of the organization.
Technocracy will be defined and
discussed by members of the Stan
ford Walrus Club under the auspices
of the Y.W.C.A., Thursday evening,
January 26, at 7:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Professor Theodore Kreps of
the Graduate School of Business
will lead the discussion. "Both men
and women students and faculty
members are welcome to attend the
meeting," says Florence Parsons,
president of the organization.
Technocracy will be defined and
discussed by members of the Stan
ford Walrus Club under the auspices
of the Y.W.C.A., Thursday evening,
January 26, at 7:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Professor Theodore Kreps of
the Graduate School of Business
will lead the discussion. "Both men
and women students and faculty
members are welcome to attend the
meeting," says Florence Parsons,
president of the organization.
Technocracy will be defined and
discussed by members of the Stan
ford Walrus Club under the auspices
of the Y.W.C.A., Thursday evening,
January 26, at 7:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Professor Theodore Kreps of
the Graduate School of Business
will lead the discussion. "Both men
and women students and faculty
members are welcome to attend the
meeting," says Florence Parsons,
president of the organization.
Technocracy will be defined and
discussed by members of the Stan
ford Walrus Club under the auspices
of the Y.W.C.A., Thursday evening,
January 26, at 7:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Professor Theodore Kreps of
the Graduate School of Business
will lead the discussion. "Both men
and women students and faculty
members are welcome to attend the
meeting," says Florence Parsons,
president of the organization.
Technocracy will be defined and
discussed by members of the Stan
ford Walrus Club under the auspices
of the Y.W.C.A., Thursday evening,
January 26, at 7:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Professor Theodore Kreps of
the Graduate School of Business
will lead the discussion. "Both men
and women students and faculty
members are welcome to attend the
meeting," says Florence Parsons,
president of the organization.
Technocracy will be defined and
discussed by members of the Stan
ford Walrus Club under the auspices
of the Y.W.C.A., Thursday evening,
January 26, at 7:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Professor Theodore Kreps of
the Graduate School of Business
will lead the discussion. "Both men
and women students and faculty
members are welcome to attend the
meeting," says Florence Parsons,
president of the organization.
Technocracy will be defined and
discussed by members of the Stan
ford Walrus Club under the auspices
of the Y.W.C.A., Thursday evening,
January 26, at 7:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Professor Theodore Kreps of
the Graduate School of Business
will lead the discussion. "Both men
and women students and faculty
members are welcome to attend the
meeting," says Florence Parsons,
president of the organization.
