# ROTH DISCUSSES STUDENT STATUS
## Previous Prejudice Against Transfers Gone 
### 
"There has in the past been a
prejudice against transfer students
by alumni and other students which
is fortunately being overcome," said
Almon E. Roth, comptroller at Stan
ford, in an informal discussion of
Student-Body affairs at the regular
meeting of the Stanford Student
Committee at 4:30 o'clock yesterday
afternoon in the Old Union.
Rooming problems of junior and
senior transfer students were the
main problem of consideration, Roth
having been asked to attend the
meeting to give to the committee the
Administration's viewpoint of the
matter. He expressed himself favor
ably at the proposal of the committee
that a number of rooms be set aside
in each of the halls on the campus
for the primary purpose of accom
modating new upper division stu
dents.
Roth, however, stated that he was
opposed to any movement to put all
transfer students together, segre
gated from others of their class. At
the present time there are a number
of vacancies in Encina, Sequoia, and
the Union Buildings, but new stu
dents not assured of rooming facili
ties when they enter at the begin
ning of the quarter, usually get a
room in Palo Alto and make ar
rangements for the whole quarter,
it was brought out.
"There has in the past been a
prejudice against transfer students
by alumni and other students which
is fortunately being overcome," said
Almon E. Roth, comptroller at Stan
ford, in an informal discussion of
Student-Body affairs at the regular
meeting of the Stanford Student
Committee at 4:30 o'clock yesterday
afternoon in the Old Union.
Rooming problems of junior and
senior transfer students were the
main problem of consideration, Roth
having been asked to attend the
meeting to give to the committee the
Administration's viewpoint of the
matter. He expressed himself favor
ably at the proposal of the committee
that a number of rooms be set aside
in each of the halls on the campus
for the primary purpose of accom
modating new upper division stu
dents.
Roth, however, stated that he was
opposed to any movement to put all
transfer students together, segre
gated from others of their class. At
the present time there are a number
of vacancies in Encina, Sequoia, and
the Union Buildings, but new stu
dents not assured of rooming facili
ties when they enter at the begin
ning of the quarter, usually get a
room in Palo Alto and make ar
rangements for the whole quarter,
it was brought out.
"There has in the past been a
prejudice against transfer students
by alumni and other students which
is fortunately being overcome," said
Almon E. Roth, comptroller at Stan
ford, in an informal discussion of
Student-Body affairs at the regular
meeting of the Stanford Student
Committee at 4:30 o'clock yesterday
afternoon in the Old Union.
Rooming problems of junior and
senior transfer students were the
main problem of consideration, Roth
having been asked to attend the
meeting to give to the committee the
Administration's viewpoint of the
matter. He expressed himself favor
ably at the proposal of the committee
that a number of rooms be set aside
in each of the halls on the campus
for the primary purpose of accom
modating new upper division stu
dents.
Roth, however, stated that he was
opposed to any movement to put all
transfer students together, segre
gated from others of their class. At
the present time there are a number
of vacancies in Encina, Sequoia, and
the Union Buildings, but new stu
dents not assured of rooming facili
ties when they enter at the begin
ning of the quarter, usually get a
room in Palo Alto and make ar
rangements for the whole quarter,
it was brought out.
"There has in the past been a
prejudice against transfer students
by alumni and other students which
is fortunately being overcome," said
Almon E. Roth, comptroller at Stan
ford, in an informal discussion of
Student-Body affairs at the regular
meeting of the Stanford Student
Committee at 4:30 o'clock yesterday
afternoon in the Old Union.
Rooming problems of junior and
senior transfer students were the
main problem of consideration, Roth
having been asked to attend the
meeting to give to the committee the
Administration's viewpoint of the
matter. He expressed himself favor
ably at the proposal of the committee
that a number of rooms be set aside
in each of the halls on the campus
for the primary purpose of accom
modating new upper division stu
dents.
Roth, however, stated that he was
opposed to any movement to put all
transfer students together, segre
gated from others of their class. At
the present time there are a number
of vacancies in Encina, Sequoia, and
the Union Buildings, but new stu
dents not assured of rooming facili
ties when they enter at the begin
ning of the quarter, usually get a
room in Palo Alto and make ar
rangements for the whole quarter,
it was brought out.
"There has in the past been a
prejudice against transfer students
by alumni and other students which
is fortunately being overcome," said
Almon E. Roth, comptroller at Stan
ford, in an informal discussion of
Student-Body affairs at the regular
meeting of the Stanford Student
Committee at 4:30 o'clock yesterday
afternoon in the Old Union.
Rooming problems of junior and
senior transfer students were the
main problem of consideration, Roth
having been asked to attend the
meeting to give to the committee the
Administration's viewpoint of the
matter. He expressed himself favor
ably at the proposal of the committee
that a number of rooms be set aside
in each of the halls on the campus
for the primary purpose of accom
modating new upper division stu
dents.
Roth, however, stated that he was
opposed to any movement to put all
transfer students together, segre
gated from others of their class. At
the present time there are a number
of vacancies in Encina, Sequoia, and
the Union Buildings, but new stu
dents not assured of rooming facili
ties when they enter at the begin
ning of the quarter, usually get a
room in Palo Alto and make ar
rangements for the whole quarter,
it was brought out.
"There has in the past been a
prejudice against transfer students
by alumni and other students which
is fortunately being overcome," said
Almon E. Roth, comptroller at Stan
ford, in an informal discussion of
Student-Body affairs at the regular
meeting of the Stanford Student
Committee at 4:30 o'clock yesterday
afternoon in the Old Union.
Rooming problems of junior and
senior transfer students were the
main problem of consideration, Roth
having been asked to attend the
meeting to give to the committee the
Administration's viewpoint of the
matter. He expressed himself favor
ably at the proposal of the committee
that a number of rooms be set aside
in each of the halls on the campus
for the primary purpose of accom
modating new upper division stu
dents.
Roth, however, stated that he was
opposed to any movement to put all
transfer students together, segre
gated from others of their class. At
the present time there are a number
of vacancies in Encina, Sequoia, and
the Union Buildings, but new stu
dents not assured of rooming facili
ties when they enter at the begin
ning of the quarter, usually get a
room in Palo Alto and make ar
rangements for the whole quarter,
it was brought out.
"There has in the past been a
prejudice against transfer students
by alumni and other students which
is fortunately being overcome," said
Almon E. Roth, comptroller at Stan
ford, in an informal discussion of
Student-Body affairs at the regular
meeting of the Stanford Student
Committee at 4:30 o'clock yesterday
afternoon in the Old Union.
Rooming problems of junior and
senior transfer students were the
main problem of consideration, Roth
having been asked to attend the
meeting to give to the committee the
Administration's viewpoint of the
matter. He expressed himself favor
ably at the proposal of the committee
that a number of rooms be set aside
in each of the halls on the campus
for the primary purpose of accom
modating new upper division stu
dents.
Roth, however, stated that he was
opposed to any movement to put all
transfer students together, segre
gated from others of their class. At
the present time there are a number
of vacancies in Encina, Sequoia, and
the Union Buildings, but new stu
dents not assured of rooming facili
ties when they enter at the begin
ning of the quarter, usually get a
room in Palo Alto and make ar
rangements for the whole quarter,
it was brought out.
"There has in the past been a
prejudice against transfer students
by alumni and other students which
is fortunately being overcome," said
Almon E. Roth, comptroller at Stan
ford, in an informal discussion of
Student-Body affairs at the regular
meeting of the Stanford Student
Committee at 4:30 o'clock yesterday
afternoon in the Old Union.
Rooming problems of junior and
senior transfer students were the
main problem of consideration, Roth
having been asked to attend the
meeting to give to the committee the
Administration's viewpoint of the
matter. He expressed himself favor
ably at the proposal of the committee
that a number of rooms be set aside
in each of the halls on the campus
for the primary purpose of accom
modating new upper division stu
dents.
Roth, however, stated that he was
opposed to any movement to put all
transfer students together, segre
gated from others of their class. At
the present time there are a number
of vacancies in Encina, Sequoia, and
the Union Buildings, but new stu
dents not assured of rooming facili
ties when they enter at the begin
ning of the quarter, usually get a
room in Palo Alto and make ar
rangements for the whole quarter,
it was brought out.
"There has in the past been a
prejudice against transfer students
by alumni and other students which
is fortunately being overcome," said
Almon E. Roth, comptroller at Stan
ford, in an informal discussion of
Student-Body affairs at the regular
meeting of the Stanford Student
Committee at 4:30 o'clock yesterday
afternoon in the Old Union.
Rooming problems of junior and
senior transfer students were the
main problem of consideration, Roth
having been asked to attend the
meeting to give to the committee the
Administration's viewpoint of the
matter. He expressed himself favor
ably at the proposal of the committee
that a number of rooms be set aside
in each of the halls on the campus
for the primary purpose of accom
modating new upper division stu
dents.
Roth, however, stated that he was
opposed to any movement to put all
transfer students together, segre
gated from others of their class. At
the present time there are a number
of vacancies in Encina, Sequoia, and
the Union Buildings, but new stu
dents not assured of rooming facili
ties when they enter at the begin
ning of the quarter, usually get a
room in Palo Alto and make ar
rangements for the whole quarter,
it was brought out.
"There has in the past been a
prejudice against transfer students
by alumni and other students which
is fortunately being overcome," said
Almon E. Roth, comptroller at Stan
ford, in an informal discussion of
Student-Body affairs at the regular
meeting of the Stanford Student
Committee at 4:30 o'clock yesterday
afternoon in the Old Union.
Rooming problems of junior and
senior transfer students were the
main problem of consideration, Roth
having been asked to attend the
meeting to give to the committee the
Administration's viewpoint of the
matter. He expressed himself favor
ably at the proposal of the committee
that a number of rooms be set aside
in each of the halls on the campus
for the primary purpose of accom
modating new upper division stu
dents.
Roth, however, stated that he was
opposed to any movement to put all
transfer students together, segre
gated from others of their class. At
the present time there are a number
of vacancies in Encina, Sequoia, and
the Union Buildings, but new stu
dents not assured of rooming facili
ties when they enter at the begin
ning of the quarter, usually get a
room in Palo Alto and make ar
rangements for the whole quarter,
it was brought out.
"There has in the past been a
prejudice against transfer students
by alumni and other students which
is fortunately being overcome," said
Almon E. Roth, comptroller at Stan
ford, in an informal discussion of
Student-Body affairs at the regular
meeting of the Stanford Student
Committee at 4:30 o'clock yesterday
afternoon in the Old Union.
Rooming problems of junior and
senior transfer students were the
main problem of consideration, Roth
having been asked to attend the
meeting to give to the committee the
Administration's viewpoint of the
matter. He expressed himself favor
ably at the proposal of the committee
that a number of rooms be set aside
in each of the halls on the campus
for the primary purpose of accom
modating new upper division stu
dents.
Roth, however, stated that he was
opposed to any movement to put all
transfer students together, segre
gated from others of their class. At
the present time there are a number
of vacancies in Encina, Sequoia, and
the Union Buildings, but new stu
dents not assured of rooming facili
ties when they enter at the begin
ning of the quarter, usually get a
room in Palo Alto and make ar
rangements for the whole quarter,
it was brought out.
"There has in the past been a
prejudice against transfer students
by alumni and other students which
is fortunately being overcome," said
Almon E. Roth, comptroller at Stan
ford, in an informal discussion of
Student-Body affairs at the regular
meeting of the Stanford Student
Committee at 4:30 o'clock yesterday
afternoon in the Old Union.
Rooming problems of junior and
senior transfer students were the
main problem of consideration, Roth
having been asked to attend the
meeting to give to the committee the
Administration's viewpoint of the
matter. He expressed himself favor
ably at the proposal of the committee
that a number of rooms be set aside
in each of the halls on the campus
for the primary purpose of accom
modating new upper division stu
dents.
Roth, however, stated that he was
opposed to any movement to put all
transfer students together, segre
gated from others of their class. At
the present time there are a number
of vacancies in Encina, Sequoia, and
the Union Buildings, but new stu
dents not assured of rooming facili
ties when they enter at the begin
ning of the quarter, usually get a
room in Palo Alto and make ar
rangements for the whole quarter,
it was brought out.
"There has in the past been a
prejudice against transfer students
by alumni and other students which
is fortunately being overcome," said
Almon E. Roth, comptroller at Stan
ford, in an informal discussion of
Student-Body affairs at the regular
meeting of the Stanford Student
Committee at 4:30 o'clock yesterday
afternoon in the Old Union.
Rooming problems of junior and
senior transfer students were the
main problem of consideration, Roth
having been asked to attend the
meeting to give to the committee the
Administration's viewpoint of the
matter. He expressed himself favor
ably at the proposal of the committee
that a number of rooms be set aside
in each of the halls on the campus
for the primary purpose of accom
modating new upper division stu
dents.
Roth, however, stated that he was
opposed to any movement to put all
transfer students together, segre
gated from others of their class. At
the present time there are a number
of vacancies in Encina, Sequoia, and
the Union Buildings, but new stu
dents not assured of rooming facili
ties when they enter at the begin
ning of the quarter, usually get a
room in Palo Alto and make ar
rangements for the whole quarter,
it was brought out.
"There has in the past been a
prejudice against transfer students
by alumni and other students which
is fortunately being overcome," said
Almon E. Roth, comptroller at Stan
ford, in an informal discussion of
Student-Body affairs at the regular
meeting of the Stanford Student
Committee at 4:30 o'clock yesterday
afternoon in the Old Union.
Rooming problems of junior and
senior transfer students were the
main problem of consideration, Roth
having been asked to attend the
meeting to give to the committee the
Administration's viewpoint of the
matter. He expressed himself favor
ably at the proposal of the committee
that a number of rooms be set aside
in each of the halls on the campus
for the primary purpose of accom
modating new upper division stu
dents.
Roth, however, stated that he was
opposed to any movement to put all
transfer students together, segre
gated from others of their class. At
the present time there are a number
of vacancies in Encina, Sequoia, and
the Union Buildings, but new stu
dents not assured of rooming facili
ties when they enter at the begin
ning of the quarter, usually get a
room in Palo Alto and make ar
rangements for the whole quarter,
it was brought out.
