# Colombian Heads Split Over Technocrat Theory
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Jan. 23 (/P) â€”Profes-
sor Walter Rautenstrauch and three
other members of ihe technocracy
group at Columbia University is
sued a statement today that they
were "withdrawing from association
with technocracy" because they are
not "in accord with some of the
statements and altitudes expressed
by Howard Scott," head of the
group.
Those who signed the statement
with the Columbia professor were
Bassett Jones, Frederick L. Acker
man, and Leon Henderson.
They said they would continue the
researches and investigation that
have been carried on for months at
Columbia, but that the survey would
proceed "under a new organization
and a new name, the details of
which will be announced at an early
date."
