# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
VASSARETTES
All in one style for
every type of fig
ure. Smooth fit
ting and de
lightfully
comfort
able.
$5.00
Wals-berl<;
335 University Phone 4114
VASSARETTES
All in one style for
every type of fig
ure. Smooth fit
ting and de
lightfully
comfort
able.
$5.00
Wals-berl<;
335 University Phone 4114
VASSARETTES
All in one style for
every type of fig
ure. Smooth fit
ting and de
lightfully
comfort
able.
$5.00
Wals-berl<;
335 University Phone 4114
VASSARETTES
All in one style for
every type of fig
ure. Smooth fit
ting and de
lightfully
comfort
able.
$5.00
Wals-berl<;
335 University Phone 4114
VASSARETTES
All in one style for
every type of fig
ure. Smooth fit
ting and de
lightfully
comfort
able.
$5.00
Wals-berl<;
335 University Phone 4114
VASSARETTES
All in one style for
every type of fig
ure. Smooth fit
ting and de
lightfully
comfort
able.
$5.00
Wals-berl<;
335 University Phone 4114
VASSARETTES
All in one style for
every type of fig
ure. Smooth fit
ting and de
lightfully
comfort
able.
$5.00
Wals-berl<;
335 University Phone 4114
VASSARETTES
All in one style for
every type of fig
ure. Smooth fit
ting and de
lightfully
comfort
able.
$5.00
Wals-berl<;
335 University Phone 4114
VASSARETTES
All in one style for
every type of fig
ure. Smooth fit
ting and de
lightfully
comfort
able.
$5.00
Wals-berl<;
335 University Phone 4114
VASSARETTES
All in one style for
every type of fig
ure. Smooth fit
ting and de
lightfully
comfort
able.
$5.00
Wals-berl<;
335 University Phone 4114
VASSARETTES
All in one style for
every type of fig
ure. Smooth fit
ting and de
lightfully
comfort
able.
$5.00
Wals-berl<;
335 University Phone 4114
VASSARETTES
All in one style for
every type of fig
ure. Smooth fit
ting and de
lightfully
comfort
able.
$5.00
Wals-berl<;
335 University Phone 4114
VASSARETTES
All in one style for
every type of fig
ure. Smooth fit
ting and de
lightfully
comfort
able.
$5.00
Wals-berl<;
335 University Phone 4114
VASSARETTES
All in one style for
every type of fig
ure. Smooth fit
ting and de
lightfully
comfort
able.
$5.00
Wals-berl<;
335 University Phone 4114
VASSARETTES
All in one style for
every type of fig
ure. Smooth fit
ting and de
lightfully
comfort
able.
$5.00
Wals-berl<;
335 University Phone 4114
VASSARETTES
All in one style for
every type of fig
ure. Smooth fit
ting and de
lightfully
comfort
able.
$5.00
Wals-berl<;
335 University Phone 4114
VASSARETTES
All in one style for
every type of fig
ure. Smooth fit
ting and de
lightfully
comfort
able.
$5.00
Wals-berl<;
335 University Phone 4114
