# G.O.P. Financier
## 
### 

NAMED by the Republican Na
tional Committee to head its Fi
nance Committee was Ernest T.
Weir, chairman of the National
Steel Corp. The new iob of this
consistent New Deal Foe is to
raise money for National Com
mittee expenses until the conven
tion.

NAMED by the Republican Na
tional Committee to head its Fi
nance Committee was Ernest T.
Weir, chairman of the National
Steel Corp. The new iob of this
consistent New Deal Foe is to
raise money for National Com
mittee expenses until the conven
tion.

NAMED by the Republican Na
tional Committee to head its Fi
nance Committee was Ernest T.
Weir, chairman of the National
Steel Corp. The new iob of this
consistent New Deal Foe is to
raise money for National Com
mittee expenses until the conven
tion.

NAMED by the Republican Na
tional Committee to head its Fi
nance Committee was Ernest T.
Weir, chairman of the National
Steel Corp. The new iob of this
consistent New Deal Foe is to
raise money for National Com
mittee expenses until the conven
tion.

NAMED by the Republican Na
tional Committee to head its Fi
nance Committee was Ernest T.
Weir, chairman of the National
Steel Corp. The new iob of this
consistent New Deal Foe is to
raise money for National Com
mittee expenses until the conven
tion.

NAMED by the Republican Na
tional Committee to head its Fi
nance Committee was Ernest T.
Weir, chairman of the National
Steel Corp. The new iob of this
consistent New Deal Foe is to
raise money for National Com
mittee expenses until the conven
tion.

NAMED by the Republican Na
tional Committee to head its Fi
nance Committee was Ernest T.
Weir, chairman of the National
Steel Corp. The new iob of this
consistent New Deal Foe is to
raise money for National Com
mittee expenses until the conven
tion.

NAMED by the Republican Na
tional Committee to head its Fi
nance Committee was Ernest T.
Weir, chairman of the National
Steel Corp. The new iob of this
consistent New Deal Foe is to
raise money for National Com
mittee expenses until the conven
tion.

NAMED by the Republican Na
tional Committee to head its Fi
nance Committee was Ernest T.
Weir, chairman of the National
Steel Corp. The new iob of this
consistent New Deal Foe is to
raise money for National Com
mittee expenses until the conven
tion.

NAMED by the Republican Na
tional Committee to head its Fi
nance Committee was Ernest T.
Weir, chairman of the National
Steel Corp. The new iob of this
consistent New Deal Foe is to
raise money for National Com
mittee expenses until the conven
tion.

NAMED by the Republican Na
tional Committee to head its Fi
nance Committee was Ernest T.
Weir, chairman of the National
Steel Corp. The new iob of this
consistent New Deal Foe is to
raise money for National Com
mittee expenses until the conven
tion.

NAMED by the Republican Na
tional Committee to head its Fi
nance Committee was Ernest T.
Weir, chairman of the National
Steel Corp. The new iob of this
consistent New Deal Foe is to
raise money for National Com
mittee expenses until the conven
tion.

NAMED by the Republican Na
tional Committee to head its Fi
nance Committee was Ernest T.
Weir, chairman of the National
Steel Corp. The new iob of this
consistent New Deal Foe is to
raise money for National Com
mittee expenses until the conven
tion.

NAMED by the Republican Na
tional Committee to head its Fi
nance Committee was Ernest T.
Weir, chairman of the National
Steel Corp. The new iob of this
consistent New Deal Foe is to
raise money for National Com
mittee expenses until the conven
tion.

NAMED by the Republican Na
tional Committee to head its Fi
nance Committee was Ernest T.
Weir, chairman of the National
Steel Corp. The new iob of this
consistent New Deal Foe is to
raise money for National Com
mittee expenses until the conven
tion.

NAMED by the Republican Na
tional Committee to head its Fi
nance Committee was Ernest T.
Weir, chairman of the National
Steel Corp. The new iob of this
consistent New Deal Foe is to
raise money for National Com
mittee expenses until the conven
tion.

NAMED by the Republican Na
tional Committee to head its Fi
nance Committee was Ernest T.
Weir, chairman of the National
Steel Corp. The new iob of this
consistent New Deal Foe is to
raise money for National Com
mittee expenses until the conven
tion.
