# Adv. 9 Page 4
## 
### 
GREETING
STANFORDITES:
I
Miller's Clothes Shop has
moved to 203 University
Ave. Opposite the Ameri
can Trust Co.
Our featured lines of
Wilson Bros. Haberdash
ery Campus Cords and
Tweeds.
Rob Roy Sweaters are
distinctly this seasons
style leaders.
We invite you to drop in.
•
M. B. MILLER'S
CLOTHES SHOP
203 University Ave.
GREETING
STANFORDITES:
I
Miller's Clothes Shop has
moved to 203 University
Ave. Opposite the Ameri
can Trust Co.
Our featured lines of
Wilson Bros. Haberdash
ery Campus Cords and
Tweeds.
Rob Roy Sweaters are
distinctly this seasons
style leaders.
We invite you to drop in.
•
M. B. MILLER'S
CLOTHES SHOP
203 University Ave.
GREETING
STANFORDITES:
I
Miller's Clothes Shop has
moved to 203 University
Ave. Opposite the Ameri
can Trust Co.
Our featured lines of
Wilson Bros. Haberdash
ery Campus Cords and
Tweeds.
Rob Roy Sweaters are
distinctly this seasons
style leaders.
We invite you to drop in.
•
M. B. MILLER'S
CLOTHES SHOP
203 University Ave.
GREETING
STANFORDITES:
I
Miller's Clothes Shop has
moved to 203 University
Ave. Opposite the Ameri
can Trust Co.
Our featured lines of
Wilson Bros. Haberdash
ery Campus Cords and
Tweeds.
Rob Roy Sweaters are
distinctly this seasons
style leaders.
We invite you to drop in.
•
M. B. MILLER'S
CLOTHES SHOP
203 University Ave.
GREETING
STANFORDITES:
I
Miller's Clothes Shop has
moved to 203 University
Ave. Opposite the Ameri
can Trust Co.
Our featured lines of
Wilson Bros. Haberdash
ery Campus Cords and
Tweeds.
Rob Roy Sweaters are
distinctly this seasons
style leaders.
We invite you to drop in.
•
M. B. MILLER'S
CLOTHES SHOP
203 University Ave.
GREETING
STANFORDITES:
I
Miller's Clothes Shop has
moved to 203 University
Ave. Opposite the Ameri
can Trust Co.
Our featured lines of
Wilson Bros. Haberdash
ery Campus Cords and
Tweeds.
Rob Roy Sweaters are
distinctly this seasons
style leaders.
We invite you to drop in.
•
M. B. MILLER'S
CLOTHES SHOP
203 University Ave.
GREETING
STANFORDITES:
I
Miller's Clothes Shop has
moved to 203 University
Ave. Opposite the Ameri
can Trust Co.
Our featured lines of
Wilson Bros. Haberdash
ery Campus Cords and
Tweeds.
Rob Roy Sweaters are
distinctly this seasons
style leaders.
We invite you to drop in.
•
M. B. MILLER'S
CLOTHES SHOP
203 University Ave.
GREETING
STANFORDITES:
I
Miller's Clothes Shop has
moved to 203 University
Ave. Opposite the Ameri
can Trust Co.
Our featured lines of
Wilson Bros. Haberdash
ery Campus Cords and
Tweeds.
Rob Roy Sweaters are
distinctly this seasons
style leaders.
We invite you to drop in.
•
M. B. MILLER'S
CLOTHES SHOP
203 University Ave.
GREETING
STANFORDITES:
I
Miller's Clothes Shop has
moved to 203 University
Ave. Opposite the Ameri
can Trust Co.
Our featured lines of
Wilson Bros. Haberdash
ery Campus Cords and
Tweeds.
Rob Roy Sweaters are
distinctly this seasons
style leaders.
We invite you to drop in.
•
M. B. MILLER'S
CLOTHES SHOP
203 University Ave.
GREETING
STANFORDITES:
I
Miller's Clothes Shop has
moved to 203 University
Ave. Opposite the Ameri
can Trust Co.
Our featured lines of
Wilson Bros. Haberdash
ery Campus Cords and
Tweeds.
Rob Roy Sweaters are
distinctly this seasons
style leaders.
We invite you to drop in.
•
M. B. MILLER'S
CLOTHES SHOP
203 University Ave.
GREETING
STANFORDITES:
I
Miller's Clothes Shop has
moved to 203 University
Ave. Opposite the Ameri
can Trust Co.
Our featured lines of
Wilson Bros. Haberdash
ery Campus Cords and
Tweeds.
Rob Roy Sweaters are
distinctly this seasons
style leaders.
We invite you to drop in.
•
M. B. MILLER'S
CLOTHES SHOP
203 University Ave.
GREETING
STANFORDITES:
I
Miller's Clothes Shop has
moved to 203 University
Ave. Opposite the Ameri
can Trust Co.
Our featured lines of
Wilson Bros. Haberdash
ery Campus Cords and
Tweeds.
Rob Roy Sweaters are
distinctly this seasons
style leaders.
We invite you to drop in.
•
M. B. MILLER'S
CLOTHES SHOP
203 University Ave.
GREETING
STANFORDITES:
I
Miller's Clothes Shop has
moved to 203 University
Ave. Opposite the Ameri
can Trust Co.
Our featured lines of
Wilson Bros. Haberdash
ery Campus Cords and
Tweeds.
Rob Roy Sweaters are
distinctly this seasons
style leaders.
We invite you to drop in.
•
M. B. MILLER'S
CLOTHES SHOP
203 University Ave.
GREETING
STANFORDITES:
I
Miller's Clothes Shop has
moved to 203 University
Ave. Opposite the Ameri
can Trust Co.
Our featured lines of
Wilson Bros. Haberdash
ery Campus Cords and
Tweeds.
Rob Roy Sweaters are
distinctly this seasons
style leaders.
We invite you to drop in.
•
M. B. MILLER'S
CLOTHES SHOP
203 University Ave.
