# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
J&S REPAIRS
WELCOME!
Whether you are one
of our patrons in the
past or you are just
embarking on your
college career we
wish to extend you
a hearty welcome
and place our serv
ices a'- your disposal.
PAUL D. CULVER
pioneer ieweler
167 University Ave.
PARKER
SENSATIONAL
VACUUM PENS
Read Classified Ads
J&S REPAIRS
WELCOME!
Whether you are one
of our patrons in the
past or you are just
embarking on your
college career we
wish to extend you
a hearty welcome
and place our serv
ices a'- your disposal.
PAUL D. CULVER
pioneer ieweler
167 University Ave.
PARKER
SENSATIONAL
VACUUM PENS
Read Classified Ads
J&S REPAIRS
WELCOME!
Whether you are one
of our patrons in the
past or you are just
embarking on your
college career we
wish to extend you
a hearty welcome
and place our serv
ices a'- your disposal.
PAUL D. CULVER
pioneer ieweler
167 University Ave.
PARKER
SENSATIONAL
VACUUM PENS
Read Classified Ads
J&S REPAIRS
WELCOME!
Whether you are one
of our patrons in the
past or you are just
embarking on your
college career we
wish to extend you
a hearty welcome
and place our serv
ices a'- your disposal.
PAUL D. CULVER
pioneer ieweler
167 University Ave.
PARKER
SENSATIONAL
VACUUM PENS
Read Classified Ads
J&S REPAIRS
WELCOME!
Whether you are one
of our patrons in the
past or you are just
embarking on your
college career we
wish to extend you
a hearty welcome
and place our serv
ices a'- your disposal.
PAUL D. CULVER
pioneer ieweler
167 University Ave.
PARKER
SENSATIONAL
VACUUM PENS
Read Classified Ads
J&S REPAIRS
WELCOME!
Whether you are one
of our patrons in the
past or you are just
embarking on your
college career we
wish to extend you
a hearty welcome
and place our serv
ices a'- your disposal.
PAUL D. CULVER
pioneer ieweler
167 University Ave.
PARKER
SENSATIONAL
VACUUM PENS
Read Classified Ads
J&S REPAIRS
WELCOME!
Whether you are one
of our patrons in the
past or you are just
embarking on your
college career we
wish to extend you
a hearty welcome
and place our serv
ices a'- your disposal.
PAUL D. CULVER
pioneer ieweler
167 University Ave.
PARKER
SENSATIONAL
VACUUM PENS
Read Classified Ads
J&S REPAIRS
WELCOME!
Whether you are one
of our patrons in the
past or you are just
embarking on your
college career we
wish to extend you
a hearty welcome
and place our serv
ices a'- your disposal.
PAUL D. CULVER
pioneer ieweler
167 University Ave.
PARKER
SENSATIONAL
VACUUM PENS
Read Classified Ads
J&S REPAIRS
WELCOME!
Whether you are one
of our patrons in the
past or you are just
embarking on your
college career we
wish to extend you
a hearty welcome
and place our serv
ices a'- your disposal.
PAUL D. CULVER
pioneer ieweler
167 University Ave.
PARKER
SENSATIONAL
VACUUM PENS
Read Classified Ads
J&S REPAIRS
WELCOME!
Whether you are one
of our patrons in the
past or you are just
embarking on your
college career we
wish to extend you
a hearty welcome
and place our serv
ices a'- your disposal.
PAUL D. CULVER
pioneer ieweler
167 University Ave.
PARKER
SENSATIONAL
VACUUM PENS
Read Classified Ads
J&S REPAIRS
WELCOME!
Whether you are one
of our patrons in the
past or you are just
embarking on your
college career we
wish to extend you
a hearty welcome
and place our serv
ices a'- your disposal.
PAUL D. CULVER
pioneer ieweler
167 University Ave.
PARKER
SENSATIONAL
VACUUM PENS
Read Classified Ads
J&S REPAIRS
WELCOME!
Whether you are one
of our patrons in the
past or you are just
embarking on your
college career we
wish to extend you
a hearty welcome
and place our serv
ices a'- your disposal.
PAUL D. CULVER
pioneer ieweler
167 University Ave.
PARKER
SENSATIONAL
VACUUM PENS
Read Classified Ads
J&S REPAIRS
WELCOME!
Whether you are one
of our patrons in the
past or you are just
embarking on your
college career we
wish to extend you
a hearty welcome
and place our serv
ices a'- your disposal.
PAUL D. CULVER
pioneer ieweler
167 University Ave.
PARKER
SENSATIONAL
VACUUM PENS
Read Classified Ads
J&S REPAIRS
WELCOME!
Whether you are one
of our patrons in the
past or you are just
embarking on your
college career we
wish to extend you
a hearty welcome
and place our serv
ices a'- your disposal.
PAUL D. CULVER
pioneer ieweler
167 University Ave.
PARKER
SENSATIONAL
VACUUM PENS
Read Classified Ads
