# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Stanford Glee Club is the men's
choral club, open to all by tryouts.
Stanford Glee Club is the men's
choral club, open to all by tryouts.
Stanford Glee Club is the men's
choral club, open to all by tryouts.
Stanford Glee Club is the men's
choral club, open to all by tryouts.
Stanford Glee Club is the men's
choral club, open to all by tryouts.
Stanford Glee Club is the men's
choral club, open to all by tryouts.
Stanford Glee Club is the men's
choral club, open to all by tryouts.
Stanford Glee Club is the men's
choral club, open to all by tryouts.
Stanford Glee Club is the men's
choral club, open to all by tryouts.
Stanford Glee Club is the men's
choral club, open to all by tryouts.
Stanford Glee Club is the men's
choral club, open to all by tryouts.
Stanford Glee Club is the men's
choral club, open to all by tryouts.
Stanford Glee Club is the men's
choral club, open to all by tryouts.
Stanford Glee Club is the men's
choral club, open to all by tryouts.
