# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In the backfield, Bradshaw is still
shifting his men around in an at
tempt to find a working combina
tion. However the following will
likely see plenty of action against
San Mateo and also in the Modesto
contest in the Stanford Stadium be
fore the U.C.L.A. battle: Charles
Ledbetter, 190, Brayolinda; Joe Vig
na, 155, Stockton; Grigo Torretto,
165, San Jose; Albert Brent, 160,
San Diego; Jack Rolls, 160. San
Francisco; and Fred Williams, 165,
Olathe, Colorado.
In the backfield, Bradshaw is still
shifting his men around in an at
tempt to find a working combina
tion. However the following will
likely see plenty of action against
San Mateo and also in the Modesto
contest in the Stanford Stadium be
fore the U.C.L.A. battle: Charles
Ledbetter, 190, Brayolinda; Joe Vig
na, 155, Stockton; Grigo Torretto,
165, San Jose; Albert Brent, 160,
San Diego; Jack Rolls, 160. San
Francisco; and Fred Williams, 165,
Olathe, Colorado.
In the backfield, Bradshaw is still
shifting his men around in an at
tempt to find a working combina
tion. However the following will
likely see plenty of action against
San Mateo and also in the Modesto
contest in the Stanford Stadium be
fore the U.C.L.A. battle: Charles
Ledbetter, 190, Brayolinda; Joe Vig
na, 155, Stockton; Grigo Torretto,
165, San Jose; Albert Brent, 160,
San Diego; Jack Rolls, 160. San
Francisco; and Fred Williams, 165,
Olathe, Colorado.
In the backfield, Bradshaw is still
shifting his men around in an at
tempt to find a working combina
tion. However the following will
likely see plenty of action against
San Mateo and also in the Modesto
contest in the Stanford Stadium be
fore the U.C.L.A. battle: Charles
Ledbetter, 190, Brayolinda; Joe Vig
na, 155, Stockton; Grigo Torretto,
165, San Jose; Albert Brent, 160,
San Diego; Jack Rolls, 160. San
Francisco; and Fred Williams, 165,
Olathe, Colorado.
In the backfield, Bradshaw is still
shifting his men around in an at
tempt to find a working combina
tion. However the following will
likely see plenty of action against
San Mateo and also in the Modesto
contest in the Stanford Stadium be
fore the U.C.L.A. battle: Charles
Ledbetter, 190, Brayolinda; Joe Vig
na, 155, Stockton; Grigo Torretto,
165, San Jose; Albert Brent, 160,
San Diego; Jack Rolls, 160. San
Francisco; and Fred Williams, 165,
Olathe, Colorado.
In the backfield, Bradshaw is still
shifting his men around in an at
tempt to find a working combina
tion. However the following will
likely see plenty of action against
San Mateo and also in the Modesto
contest in the Stanford Stadium be
fore the U.C.L.A. battle: Charles
Ledbetter, 190, Brayolinda; Joe Vig
na, 155, Stockton; Grigo Torretto,
165, San Jose; Albert Brent, 160,
San Diego; Jack Rolls, 160. San
Francisco; and Fred Williams, 165,
Olathe, Colorado.
In the backfield, Bradshaw is still
shifting his men around in an at
tempt to find a working combina
tion. However the following will
likely see plenty of action against
San Mateo and also in the Modesto
contest in the Stanford Stadium be
fore the U.C.L.A. battle: Charles
Ledbetter, 190, Brayolinda; Joe Vig
na, 155, Stockton; Grigo Torretto,
165, San Jose; Albert Brent, 160,
San Diego; Jack Rolls, 160. San
Francisco; and Fred Williams, 165,
Olathe, Colorado.
In the backfield, Bradshaw is still
shifting his men around in an at
tempt to find a working combina
tion. However the following will
likely see plenty of action against
San Mateo and also in the Modesto
contest in the Stanford Stadium be
fore the U.C.L.A. battle: Charles
Ledbetter, 190, Brayolinda; Joe Vig
na, 155, Stockton; Grigo Torretto,
165, San Jose; Albert Brent, 160,
San Diego; Jack Rolls, 160. San
Francisco; and Fred Williams, 165,
Olathe, Colorado.
In the backfield, Bradshaw is still
shifting his men around in an at
tempt to find a working combina
tion. However the following will
likely see plenty of action against
San Mateo and also in the Modesto
contest in the Stanford Stadium be
fore the U.C.L.A. battle: Charles
Ledbetter, 190, Brayolinda; Joe Vig
na, 155, Stockton; Grigo Torretto,
165, San Jose; Albert Brent, 160,
San Diego; Jack Rolls, 160. San
Francisco; and Fred Williams, 165,
Olathe, Colorado.
In the backfield, Bradshaw is still
shifting his men around in an at
tempt to find a working combina
tion. However the following will
likely see plenty of action against
San Mateo and also in the Modesto
contest in the Stanford Stadium be
fore the U.C.L.A. battle: Charles
Ledbetter, 190, Brayolinda; Joe Vig
na, 155, Stockton; Grigo Torretto,
165, San Jose; Albert Brent, 160,
San Diego; Jack Rolls, 160. San
Francisco; and Fred Williams, 165,
Olathe, Colorado.
In the backfield, Bradshaw is still
shifting his men around in an at
tempt to find a working combina
tion. However the following will
likely see plenty of action against
San Mateo and also in the Modesto
contest in the Stanford Stadium be
fore the U.C.L.A. battle: Charles
Ledbetter, 190, Brayolinda; Joe Vig
na, 155, Stockton; Grigo Torretto,
165, San Jose; Albert Brent, 160,
San Diego; Jack Rolls, 160. San
Francisco; and Fred Williams, 165,
Olathe, Colorado.
In the backfield, Bradshaw is still
shifting his men around in an at
tempt to find a working combina
tion. However the following will
likely see plenty of action against
San Mateo and also in the Modesto
contest in the Stanford Stadium be
fore the U.C.L.A. battle: Charles
Ledbetter, 190, Brayolinda; Joe Vig
na, 155, Stockton; Grigo Torretto,
165, San Jose; Albert Brent, 160,
San Diego; Jack Rolls, 160. San
Francisco; and Fred Williams, 165,
Olathe, Colorado.
In the backfield, Bradshaw is still
shifting his men around in an at
tempt to find a working combina
tion. However the following will
likely see plenty of action against
San Mateo and also in the Modesto
contest in the Stanford Stadium be
fore the U.C.L.A. battle: Charles
Ledbetter, 190, Brayolinda; Joe Vig
na, 155, Stockton; Grigo Torretto,
165, San Jose; Albert Brent, 160,
San Diego; Jack Rolls, 160. San
Francisco; and Fred Williams, 165,
Olathe, Colorado.
In the backfield, Bradshaw is still
shifting his men around in an at
tempt to find a working combina
tion. However the following will
likely see plenty of action against
San Mateo and also in the Modesto
contest in the Stanford Stadium be
fore the U.C.L.A. battle: Charles
Ledbetter, 190, Brayolinda; Joe Vig
na, 155, Stockton; Grigo Torretto,
165, San Jose; Albert Brent, 160,
San Diego; Jack Rolls, 160. San
Francisco; and Fred Williams, 165,
Olathe, Colorado.
