# Persian Surgeon Now Ready To Practice
## 
### 
Dr. Howard L. Carpenter', '28, and
Mrs. Carpenter (Marzieh Nabil, '30)
are living in Teheran, where he ex
pects to begin practice, specializing
in eye surgery, as soon as he re
ceives the necessary Persian cre
dentials. Dr. Carpenter did inten
sive work in his chosen field in Vi
enna en route to the Near East. Mrs.
Carpenter, a Phi Beta Kappa, is the
daughter of a former Persian am
bassador.
Dr. Howard L. Carpenter', '28, and
Mrs. Carpenter (Marzieh Nabil, '30)
are living in Teheran, where he ex
pects to begin practice, specializing
in eye surgery, as soon as he re
ceives the necessary Persian cre
dentials. Dr. Carpenter did inten
sive work in his chosen field in Vi
enna en route to the Near East. Mrs.
Carpenter, a Phi Beta Kappa, is the
daughter of a former Persian am
bassador.
Dr. Howard L. Carpenter', '28, and
Mrs. Carpenter (Marzieh Nabil, '30)
are living in Teheran, where he ex
pects to begin practice, specializing
in eye surgery, as soon as he re
ceives the necessary Persian cre
dentials. Dr. Carpenter did inten
sive work in his chosen field in Vi
enna en route to the Near East. Mrs.
Carpenter, a Phi Beta Kappa, is the
daughter of a former Persian am
bassador.
Dr. Howard L. Carpenter', '28, and
Mrs. Carpenter (Marzieh Nabil, '30)
are living in Teheran, where he ex
pects to begin practice, specializing
in eye surgery, as soon as he re
ceives the necessary Persian cre
dentials. Dr. Carpenter did inten
sive work in his chosen field in Vi
enna en route to the Near East. Mrs.
Carpenter, a Phi Beta Kappa, is the
daughter of a former Persian am
bassador.
Dr. Howard L. Carpenter', '28, and
Mrs. Carpenter (Marzieh Nabil, '30)
are living in Teheran, where he ex
pects to begin practice, specializing
in eye surgery, as soon as he re
ceives the necessary Persian cre
dentials. Dr. Carpenter did inten
sive work in his chosen field in Vi
enna en route to the Near East. Mrs.
Carpenter, a Phi Beta Kappa, is the
daughter of a former Persian am
bassador.
Dr. Howard L. Carpenter', '28, and
Mrs. Carpenter (Marzieh Nabil, '30)
are living in Teheran, where he ex
pects to begin practice, specializing
in eye surgery, as soon as he re
ceives the necessary Persian cre
dentials. Dr. Carpenter did inten
sive work in his chosen field in Vi
enna en route to the Near East. Mrs.
Carpenter, a Phi Beta Kappa, is the
daughter of a former Persian am
bassador.
Dr. Howard L. Carpenter', '28, and
Mrs. Carpenter (Marzieh Nabil, '30)
are living in Teheran, where he ex
pects to begin practice, specializing
in eye surgery, as soon as he re
ceives the necessary Persian cre
dentials. Dr. Carpenter did inten
sive work in his chosen field in Vi
enna en route to the Near East. Mrs.
Carpenter, a Phi Beta Kappa, is the
daughter of a former Persian am
bassador.
Dr. Howard L. Carpenter', '28, and
Mrs. Carpenter (Marzieh Nabil, '30)
are living in Teheran, where he ex
pects to begin practice, specializing
in eye surgery, as soon as he re
ceives the necessary Persian cre
dentials. Dr. Carpenter did inten
sive work in his chosen field in Vi
enna en route to the Near East. Mrs.
Carpenter, a Phi Beta Kappa, is the
daughter of a former Persian am
bassador.
Dr. Howard L. Carpenter', '28, and
Mrs. Carpenter (Marzieh Nabil, '30)
are living in Teheran, where he ex
pects to begin practice, specializing
in eye surgery, as soon as he re
ceives the necessary Persian cre
dentials. Dr. Carpenter did inten
sive work in his chosen field in Vi
enna en route to the Near East. Mrs.
Carpenter, a Phi Beta Kappa, is the
daughter of a former Persian am
bassador.
Dr. Howard L. Carpenter', '28, and
Mrs. Carpenter (Marzieh Nabil, '30)
are living in Teheran, where he ex
pects to begin practice, specializing
in eye surgery, as soon as he re
ceives the necessary Persian cre
dentials. Dr. Carpenter did inten
sive work in his chosen field in Vi
enna en route to the Near East. Mrs.
Carpenter, a Phi Beta Kappa, is the
daughter of a former Persian am
bassador.
Dr. Howard L. Carpenter', '28, and
Mrs. Carpenter (Marzieh Nabil, '30)
are living in Teheran, where he ex
pects to begin practice, specializing
in eye surgery, as soon as he re
ceives the necessary Persian cre
dentials. Dr. Carpenter did inten
sive work in his chosen field in Vi
enna en route to the Near East. Mrs.
Carpenter, a Phi Beta Kappa, is the
daughter of a former Persian am
bassador.
Dr. Howard L. Carpenter', '28, and
Mrs. Carpenter (Marzieh Nabil, '30)
are living in Teheran, where he ex
pects to begin practice, specializing
in eye surgery, as soon as he re
ceives the necessary Persian cre
dentials. Dr. Carpenter did inten
sive work in his chosen field in Vi
enna en route to the Near East. Mrs.
Carpenter, a Phi Beta Kappa, is the
daughter of a former Persian am
bassador.
Dr. Howard L. Carpenter', '28, and
Mrs. Carpenter (Marzieh Nabil, '30)
are living in Teheran, where he ex
pects to begin practice, specializing
in eye surgery, as soon as he re
ceives the necessary Persian cre
dentials. Dr. Carpenter did inten
sive work in his chosen field in Vi
enna en route to the Near East. Mrs.
Carpenter, a Phi Beta Kappa, is the
daughter of a former Persian am
bassador.
Dr. Howard L. Carpenter', '28, and
Mrs. Carpenter (Marzieh Nabil, '30)
are living in Teheran, where he ex
pects to begin practice, specializing
in eye surgery, as soon as he re
ceives the necessary Persian cre
dentials. Dr. Carpenter did inten
sive work in his chosen field in Vi
enna en route to the Near East. Mrs.
Carpenter, a Phi Beta Kappa, is the
daughter of a former Persian am
bassador.
