# GUIDE STANFORD FOOTBALL DESTINY
## 
### 

The new coaching stall which takes over the reins this fall include:
(left to right): James W. Lawson, end coach; Ernie Nevers, hacklield men
tor, and Claude E. "Tiny" Thornhill, who makes his debut as head coacl
this season.

The new coaching stall which takes over the reins this fall include:
(left to right): James W. Lawson, end coach; Ernie Nevers, hacklield men
tor, and Claude E. "Tiny" Thornhill, who makes his debut as head coacl
this season.

The new coaching stall which takes over the reins this fall include:
(left to right): James W. Lawson, end coach; Ernie Nevers, hacklield men
tor, and Claude E. "Tiny" Thornhill, who makes his debut as head coacl
this season.

The new coaching stall which takes over the reins this fall include:
(left to right): James W. Lawson, end coach; Ernie Nevers, hacklield men
tor, and Claude E. "Tiny" Thornhill, who makes his debut as head coacl
this season.

The new coaching stall which takes over the reins this fall include:
(left to right): James W. Lawson, end coach; Ernie Nevers, hacklield men
tor, and Claude E. "Tiny" Thornhill, who makes his debut as head coacl
this season.

The new coaching stall which takes over the reins this fall include:
(left to right): James W. Lawson, end coach; Ernie Nevers, hacklield men
tor, and Claude E. "Tiny" Thornhill, who makes his debut as head coacl
this season.

The new coaching stall which takes over the reins this fall include:
(left to right): James W. Lawson, end coach; Ernie Nevers, hacklield men
tor, and Claude E. "Tiny" Thornhill, who makes his debut as head coacl
this season.

The new coaching stall which takes over the reins this fall include:
(left to right): James W. Lawson, end coach; Ernie Nevers, hacklield men
tor, and Claude E. "Tiny" Thornhill, who makes his debut as head coacl
this season.

The new coaching stall which takes over the reins this fall include:
(left to right): James W. Lawson, end coach; Ernie Nevers, hacklield men
tor, and Claude E. "Tiny" Thornhill, who makes his debut as head coacl
this season.

The new coaching stall which takes over the reins this fall include:
(left to right): James W. Lawson, end coach; Ernie Nevers, hacklield men
tor, and Claude E. "Tiny" Thornhill, who makes his debut as head coacl
this season.

The new coaching stall which takes over the reins this fall include:
(left to right): James W. Lawson, end coach; Ernie Nevers, hacklield men
tor, and Claude E. "Tiny" Thornhill, who makes his debut as head coacl
this season.

The new coaching stall which takes over the reins this fall include:
(left to right): James W. Lawson, end coach; Ernie Nevers, hacklield men
tor, and Claude E. "Tiny" Thornhill, who makes his debut as head coacl
this season.

The new coaching stall which takes over the reins this fall include:
(left to right): James W. Lawson, end coach; Ernie Nevers, hacklield men
tor, and Claude E. "Tiny" Thornhill, who makes his debut as head coacl
this season.

The new coaching stall which takes over the reins this fall include:
(left to right): James W. Lawson, end coach; Ernie Nevers, hacklield men
tor, and Claude E. "Tiny" Thornhill, who makes his debut as head coacl
this season.
