# It's Football Now
## 
### 

R. L. "Dink"' Teinpleton, Stanford
track coach, who in the fall lightly
turns to thoughts of football, at
which he is considered quite an
expert.

R. L. "Dink"' Teinpleton, Stanford
track coach, who in the fall lightly
turns to thoughts of football, at
which he is considered quite an
expert.

R. L. "Dink"' Teinpleton, Stanford
track coach, who in the fall lightly
turns to thoughts of football, at
which he is considered quite an
expert.

R. L. "Dink"' Teinpleton, Stanford
track coach, who in the fall lightly
turns to thoughts of football, at
which he is considered quite an
expert.

R. L. "Dink"' Teinpleton, Stanford
track coach, who in the fall lightly
turns to thoughts of football, at
which he is considered quite an
expert.

R. L. "Dink"' Teinpleton, Stanford
track coach, who in the fall lightly
turns to thoughts of football, at
which he is considered quite an
expert.

R. L. "Dink"' Teinpleton, Stanford
track coach, who in the fall lightly
turns to thoughts of football, at
which he is considered quite an
expert.

R. L. "Dink"' Teinpleton, Stanford
track coach, who in the fall lightly
turns to thoughts of football, at
which he is considered quite an
expert.

R. L. "Dink"' Teinpleton, Stanford
track coach, who in the fall lightly
turns to thoughts of football, at
which he is considered quite an
expert.

R. L. "Dink"' Teinpleton, Stanford
track coach, who in the fall lightly
turns to thoughts of football, at
which he is considered quite an
expert.

R. L. "Dink"' Teinpleton, Stanford
track coach, who in the fall lightly
turns to thoughts of football, at
which he is considered quite an
expert.

R. L. "Dink"' Teinpleton, Stanford
track coach, who in the fall lightly
turns to thoughts of football, at
which he is considered quite an
expert.

R. L. "Dink"' Teinpleton, Stanford
track coach, who in the fall lightly
turns to thoughts of football, at
which he is considered quite an
expert.

R. L. "Dink"' Teinpleton, Stanford
track coach, who in the fall lightly
turns to thoughts of football, at
which he is considered quite an
expert.
