# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Paul Eliel, '13, is Chief of Control
Division of the N.U.A. and recently
spoke before the San Francisco Ad
vertising Club. His subject was
"Behind the Scent s with the N.l' A
Paul Eliel, '13, is Chief of Control
Division of the N.U.A. and recently
spoke before the San Francisco Ad
vertising Club. His subject was
"Behind the Scent s with the N.l' A
Paul Eliel, '13, is Chief of Control
Division of the N.U.A. and recently
spoke before the San Francisco Ad
vertising Club. His subject was
"Behind the Scent s with the N.l' A
Paul Eliel, '13, is Chief of Control
Division of the N.U.A. and recently
spoke before the San Francisco Ad
vertising Club. His subject was
"Behind the Scent s with the N.l' A
Paul Eliel, '13, is Chief of Control
Division of the N.U.A. and recently
spoke before the San Francisco Ad
vertising Club. His subject was
"Behind the Scent s with the N.l' A
Paul Eliel, '13, is Chief of Control
Division of the N.U.A. and recently
spoke before the San Francisco Ad
vertising Club. His subject was
"Behind the Scent s with the N.l' A
Paul Eliel, '13, is Chief of Control
Division of the N.U.A. and recently
spoke before the San Francisco Ad
vertising Club. His subject was
"Behind the Scent s with the N.l' A
Paul Eliel, '13, is Chief of Control
Division of the N.U.A. and recently
spoke before the San Francisco Ad
vertising Club. His subject was
"Behind the Scent s with the N.l' A
Paul Eliel, '13, is Chief of Control
Division of the N.U.A. and recently
spoke before the San Francisco Ad
vertising Club. His subject was
"Behind the Scent s with the N.l' A
Paul Eliel, '13, is Chief of Control
Division of the N.U.A. and recently
spoke before the San Francisco Ad
vertising Club. His subject was
"Behind the Scent s with the N.l' A
Paul Eliel, '13, is Chief of Control
Division of the N.U.A. and recently
spoke before the San Francisco Ad
vertising Club. His subject was
"Behind the Scent s with the N.l' A
Paul Eliel, '13, is Chief of Control
Division of the N.U.A. and recently
spoke before the San Francisco Ad
vertising Club. His subject was
"Behind the Scent s with the N.l' A
Paul Eliel, '13, is Chief of Control
Division of the N.U.A. and recently
spoke before the San Francisco Ad
vertising Club. His subject was
"Behind the Scent s with the N.l' A
Paul Eliel, '13, is Chief of Control
Division of the N.U.A. and recently
spoke before the San Francisco Ad
vertising Club. His subject was
"Behind the Scent s with the N.l' A
