# Water Supply Decrease Shown in 1933 Figures
## 
### 
Statistics on the water supply for
Stanford reveal a slight decrease
over last year's figures. Searsville
Lake shows an increase of 15 mil
lion gallons, from 125 to 140 mil
lion. Felt Lake, on the other hand,
has dropped from 145 million 1o 75
million —a total decrease of 55 mil
lion gallons. The present level
both lakes is far below that of mnxi
mum capacity which is over 300
million gallons.
Water from Searsville and Felt is
used for irrigation purposes on the
campus. Artesian wells furnish
drinking water. The level in these
stands now at 100 feet below sea
level. Until two years ago the level
had sunk 15 feet per year, but has
since remained stationary.
Statistics on the water supply for
Stanford reveal a slight decrease
over last year's figures. Searsville
Lake shows an increase of 15 mil
lion gallons, from 125 to 140 mil
lion. Felt Lake, on the other hand,
has dropped from 145 million 1o 75
million —a total decrease of 55 mil
lion gallons. The present level
both lakes is far below that of mnxi
mum capacity which is over 300
million gallons.
Water from Searsville and Felt is
used for irrigation purposes on the
campus. Artesian wells furnish
drinking water. The level in these
stands now at 100 feet below sea
level. Until two years ago the level
had sunk 15 feet per year, but has
since remained stationary.
Statistics on the water supply for
Stanford reveal a slight decrease
over last year's figures. Searsville
Lake shows an increase of 15 mil
lion gallons, from 125 to 140 mil
lion. Felt Lake, on the other hand,
has dropped from 145 million 1o 75
million —a total decrease of 55 mil
lion gallons. The present level
both lakes is far below that of mnxi
mum capacity which is over 300
million gallons.
Water from Searsville and Felt is
used for irrigation purposes on the
campus. Artesian wells furnish
drinking water. The level in these
stands now at 100 feet below sea
level. Until two years ago the level
had sunk 15 feet per year, but has
since remained stationary.
Statistics on the water supply for
Stanford reveal a slight decrease
over last year's figures. Searsville
Lake shows an increase of 15 mil
lion gallons, from 125 to 140 mil
lion. Felt Lake, on the other hand,
has dropped from 145 million 1o 75
million —a total decrease of 55 mil
lion gallons. The present level
both lakes is far below that of mnxi
mum capacity which is over 300
million gallons.
Water from Searsville and Felt is
used for irrigation purposes on the
campus. Artesian wells furnish
drinking water. The level in these
stands now at 100 feet below sea
level. Until two years ago the level
had sunk 15 feet per year, but has
since remained stationary.
Statistics on the water supply for
Stanford reveal a slight decrease
over last year's figures. Searsville
Lake shows an increase of 15 mil
lion gallons, from 125 to 140 mil
lion. Felt Lake, on the other hand,
has dropped from 145 million 1o 75
million —a total decrease of 55 mil
lion gallons. The present level
both lakes is far below that of mnxi
mum capacity which is over 300
million gallons.
Water from Searsville and Felt is
used for irrigation purposes on the
campus. Artesian wells furnish
drinking water. The level in these
stands now at 100 feet below sea
level. Until two years ago the level
had sunk 15 feet per year, but has
since remained stationary.
Statistics on the water supply for
Stanford reveal a slight decrease
over last year's figures. Searsville
Lake shows an increase of 15 mil
lion gallons, from 125 to 140 mil
lion. Felt Lake, on the other hand,
has dropped from 145 million 1o 75
million —a total decrease of 55 mil
lion gallons. The present level
both lakes is far below that of mnxi
mum capacity which is over 300
million gallons.
Water from Searsville and Felt is
used for irrigation purposes on the
campus. Artesian wells furnish
drinking water. The level in these
stands now at 100 feet below sea
level. Until two years ago the level
had sunk 15 feet per year, but has
since remained stationary.
Statistics on the water supply for
Stanford reveal a slight decrease
over last year's figures. Searsville
Lake shows an increase of 15 mil
lion gallons, from 125 to 140 mil
lion. Felt Lake, on the other hand,
has dropped from 145 million 1o 75
million —a total decrease of 55 mil
lion gallons. The present level
both lakes is far below that of mnxi
mum capacity which is over 300
million gallons.
Water from Searsville and Felt is
used for irrigation purposes on the
campus. Artesian wells furnish
drinking water. The level in these
stands now at 100 feet below sea
level. Until two years ago the level
had sunk 15 feet per year, but has
since remained stationary.
Statistics on the water supply for
Stanford reveal a slight decrease
over last year's figures. Searsville
Lake shows an increase of 15 mil
lion gallons, from 125 to 140 mil
lion. Felt Lake, on the other hand,
has dropped from 145 million 1o 75
million —a total decrease of 55 mil
lion gallons. The present level
both lakes is far below that of mnxi
mum capacity which is over 300
million gallons.
Water from Searsville and Felt is
used for irrigation purposes on the
campus. Artesian wells furnish
drinking water. The level in these
stands now at 100 feet below sea
level. Until two years ago the level
had sunk 15 feet per year, but has
since remained stationary.
Statistics on the water supply for
Stanford reveal a slight decrease
over last year's figures. Searsville
Lake shows an increase of 15 mil
lion gallons, from 125 to 140 mil
lion. Felt Lake, on the other hand,
has dropped from 145 million 1o 75
million —a total decrease of 55 mil
lion gallons. The present level
both lakes is far below that of mnxi
mum capacity which is over 300
million gallons.
Water from Searsville and Felt is
used for irrigation purposes on the
campus. Artesian wells furnish
drinking water. The level in these
stands now at 100 feet below sea
level. Until two years ago the level
had sunk 15 feet per year, but has
since remained stationary.
Statistics on the water supply for
Stanford reveal a slight decrease
over last year's figures. Searsville
Lake shows an increase of 15 mil
lion gallons, from 125 to 140 mil
lion. Felt Lake, on the other hand,
has dropped from 145 million 1o 75
million —a total decrease of 55 mil
lion gallons. The present level
both lakes is far below that of mnxi
mum capacity which is over 300
million gallons.
Water from Searsville and Felt is
used for irrigation purposes on the
campus. Artesian wells furnish
drinking water. The level in these
stands now at 100 feet below sea
level. Until two years ago the level
had sunk 15 feet per year, but has
since remained stationary.
Statistics on the water supply for
Stanford reveal a slight decrease
over last year's figures. Searsville
Lake shows an increase of 15 mil
lion gallons, from 125 to 140 mil
lion. Felt Lake, on the other hand,
has dropped from 145 million 1o 75
million —a total decrease of 55 mil
lion gallons. The present level
both lakes is far below that of mnxi
mum capacity which is over 300
million gallons.
Water from Searsville and Felt is
used for irrigation purposes on the
campus. Artesian wells furnish
drinking water. The level in these
stands now at 100 feet below sea
level. Until two years ago the level
had sunk 15 feet per year, but has
since remained stationary.
Statistics on the water supply for
Stanford reveal a slight decrease
over last year's figures. Searsville
Lake shows an increase of 15 mil
lion gallons, from 125 to 140 mil
lion. Felt Lake, on the other hand,
has dropped from 145 million 1o 75
million —a total decrease of 55 mil
lion gallons. The present level
both lakes is far below that of mnxi
mum capacity which is over 300
million gallons.
Water from Searsville and Felt is
used for irrigation purposes on the
campus. Artesian wells furnish
drinking water. The level in these
stands now at 100 feet below sea
level. Until two years ago the level
had sunk 15 feet per year, but has
since remained stationary.
Statistics on the water supply for
Stanford reveal a slight decrease
over last year's figures. Searsville
Lake shows an increase of 15 mil
lion gallons, from 125 to 140 mil
lion. Felt Lake, on the other hand,
has dropped from 145 million 1o 75
million —a total decrease of 55 mil
lion gallons. The present level
both lakes is far below that of mnxi
mum capacity which is over 300
million gallons.
Water from Searsville and Felt is
used for irrigation purposes on the
campus. Artesian wells furnish
drinking water. The level in these
stands now at 100 feet below sea
level. Until two years ago the level
had sunk 15 feet per year, but has
since remained stationary.
Statistics on the water supply for
Stanford reveal a slight decrease
over last year's figures. Searsville
Lake shows an increase of 15 mil
lion gallons, from 125 to 140 mil
lion. Felt Lake, on the other hand,
has dropped from 145 million 1o 75
million —a total decrease of 55 mil
lion gallons. The present level
both lakes is far below that of mnxi
mum capacity which is over 300
million gallons.
Water from Searsville and Felt is
used for irrigation purposes on the
campus. Artesian wells furnish
drinking water. The level in these
stands now at 100 feet below sea
level. Until two years ago the level
had sunk 15 feet per year, but has
since remained stationary.
