# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Delta Gamma is the first women's
house to hang a service flag from its
front porch. The two stars which be
ceck its spotless field are in proud
lecognition of two patriotic sisters
v ho are now in government service in
France. Miss Edith Smith, '1(5, is at
the front as a Red Cross nurse with
the Stanford hospital unit. Mrs. J.
W. Bingham of Palo Alto is also in
the war zone doing private secreta
rial work in a hospital.
Delta Gamma is the first women's
house to hang a service flag from its
front porch. The two stars which be
ceck its spotless field are in proud
lecognition of two patriotic sisters
v ho are now in government service in
France. Miss Edith Smith, '1(5, is at
the front as a Red Cross nurse with
the Stanford hospital unit. Mrs. J.
W. Bingham of Palo Alto is also in
the war zone doing private secreta
rial work in a hospital.
Delta Gamma is the first women's
house to hang a service flag from its
front porch. The two stars which be
ceck its spotless field are in proud
lecognition of two patriotic sisters
v ho are now in government service in
France. Miss Edith Smith, '1(5, is at
the front as a Red Cross nurse with
the Stanford hospital unit. Mrs. J.
W. Bingham of Palo Alto is also in
the war zone doing private secreta
rial work in a hospital.
Delta Gamma is the first women's
house to hang a service flag from its
front porch. The two stars which be
ceck its spotless field are in proud
lecognition of two patriotic sisters
v ho are now in government service in
France. Miss Edith Smith, '1(5, is at
the front as a Red Cross nurse with
the Stanford hospital unit. Mrs. J.
W. Bingham of Palo Alto is also in
the war zone doing private secreta
rial work in a hospital.
Delta Gamma is the first women's
house to hang a service flag from its
front porch. The two stars which be
ceck its spotless field are in proud
lecognition of two patriotic sisters
v ho are now in government service in
France. Miss Edith Smith, '1(5, is at
the front as a Red Cross nurse with
the Stanford hospital unit. Mrs. J.
W. Bingham of Palo Alto is also in
the war zone doing private secreta
rial work in a hospital.
Delta Gamma is the first women's
house to hang a service flag from its
front porch. The two stars which be
ceck its spotless field are in proud
lecognition of two patriotic sisters
v ho are now in government service in
France. Miss Edith Smith, '1(5, is at
the front as a Red Cross nurse with
the Stanford hospital unit. Mrs. J.
W. Bingham of Palo Alto is also in
the war zone doing private secreta
rial work in a hospital.
Delta Gamma is the first women's
house to hang a service flag from its
front porch. The two stars which be
ceck its spotless field are in proud
lecognition of two patriotic sisters
v ho are now in government service in
France. Miss Edith Smith, '1(5, is at
the front as a Red Cross nurse with
the Stanford hospital unit. Mrs. J.
W. Bingham of Palo Alto is also in
the war zone doing private secreta
rial work in a hospital.
Delta Gamma is the first women's
house to hang a service flag from its
front porch. The two stars which be
ceck its spotless field are in proud
lecognition of two patriotic sisters
v ho are now in government service in
France. Miss Edith Smith, '1(5, is at
the front as a Red Cross nurse with
the Stanford hospital unit. Mrs. J.
W. Bingham of Palo Alto is also in
the war zone doing private secreta
rial work in a hospital.
Delta Gamma is the first women's
house to hang a service flag from its
front porch. The two stars which be
ceck its spotless field are in proud
lecognition of two patriotic sisters
v ho are now in government service in
France. Miss Edith Smith, '1(5, is at
the front as a Red Cross nurse with
the Stanford hospital unit. Mrs. J.
W. Bingham of Palo Alto is also in
the war zone doing private secreta
rial work in a hospital.
Delta Gamma is the first women's
house to hang a service flag from its
front porch. The two stars which be
ceck its spotless field are in proud
lecognition of two patriotic sisters
v ho are now in government service in
France. Miss Edith Smith, '1(5, is at
the front as a Red Cross nurse with
the Stanford hospital unit. Mrs. J.
W. Bingham of Palo Alto is also in
the war zone doing private secreta
rial work in a hospital.
Delta Gamma is the first women's
house to hang a service flag from its
front porch. The two stars which be
ceck its spotless field are in proud
lecognition of two patriotic sisters
v ho are now in government service in
France. Miss Edith Smith, '1(5, is at
the front as a Red Cross nurse with
the Stanford hospital unit. Mrs. J.
W. Bingham of Palo Alto is also in
the war zone doing private secreta
rial work in a hospital.
Delta Gamma is the first women's
house to hang a service flag from its
front porch. The two stars which be
ceck its spotless field are in proud
lecognition of two patriotic sisters
v ho are now in government service in
France. Miss Edith Smith, '1(5, is at
the front as a Red Cross nurse with
the Stanford hospital unit. Mrs. J.
W. Bingham of Palo Alto is also in
the war zone doing private secreta
rial work in a hospital.
Delta Gamma is the first women's
house to hang a service flag from its
front porch. The two stars which be
ceck its spotless field are in proud
lecognition of two patriotic sisters
v ho are now in government service in
France. Miss Edith Smith, '1(5, is at
the front as a Red Cross nurse with
the Stanford hospital unit. Mrs. J.
W. Bingham of Palo Alto is also in
the war zone doing private secreta
rial work in a hospital.
Delta Gamma is the first women's
house to hang a service flag from its
front porch. The two stars which be
ceck its spotless field are in proud
lecognition of two patriotic sisters
v ho are now in government service in
France. Miss Edith Smith, '1(5, is at
the front as a Red Cross nurse with
the Stanford hospital unit. Mrs. J.
W. Bingham of Palo Alto is also in
the war zone doing private secreta
rial work in a hospital.
Delta Gamma is the first women's
house to hang a service flag from its
front porch. The two stars which be
ceck its spotless field are in proud
lecognition of two patriotic sisters
v ho are now in government service in
France. Miss Edith Smith, '1(5, is at
the front as a Red Cross nurse with
the Stanford hospital unit. Mrs. J.
W. Bingham of Palo Alto is also in
the war zone doing private secreta
rial work in a hospital.
Delta Gamma is the first women's
house to hang a service flag from its
front porch. The two stars which be
ceck its spotless field are in proud
lecognition of two patriotic sisters
v ho are now in government service in
France. Miss Edith Smith, '1(5, is at
the front as a Red Cross nurse with
the Stanford hospital unit. Mrs. J.
W. Bingham of Palo Alto is also in
the war zone doing private secreta
rial work in a hospital.
