# Carruth, Bassett, and Tatlock On Vacation
## 
### 
Three professors in the English de
partment are taking their vacations
this quarter. They are W. H. Car
ruth, L. E. Bassett, and J. S. P. Tat
lock.
Professor Tatlock has received an
apponitment to the Committee of
Public Information from the govern
ment, and is at present in Washing
ton, D. C., doing editorial work for
the committee. During Christmas
vacation he delivered a paper on
"Layamon, the Middle English Poet,"
on whom he is an authority, at a
meeting of the Modern Language So
ciety.
Professor Bassett also read a paper
during vacation. He spoke on "The
Making of an Outline for a Speech,"
before the convention of the National
Association of Teachers of Public
Speaking, at Chicago, December 27,
28, and 29.
Professor R. M. Alden is filling Pro
fessor Carruth's place as head of the
department for this quarter.
