# TROJAN NINE BEATS CAL
## 
### 
BERKELEY, April 7 (UP).—The
University of Southern California
baseball team defeated the Univer
sity of California to complete a
Northern California tour.
BERKELEY, April 7 (UP).—The
University of Southern California
baseball team defeated the Univer
sity of California to complete a
Northern California tour.
BERKELEY, April 7 (UP).—The
University of Southern California
baseball team defeated the Univer
sity of California to complete a
Northern California tour.
BERKELEY, April 7 (UP).—The
University of Southern California
baseball team defeated the Univer
sity of California to complete a
Northern California tour.
BERKELEY, April 7 (UP).—The
University of Southern California
baseball team defeated the Univer
sity of California to complete a
Northern California tour.
BERKELEY, April 7 (UP).—The
University of Southern California
baseball team defeated the Univer
sity of California to complete a
Northern California tour.
BERKELEY, April 7 (UP).—The
University of Southern California
baseball team defeated the Univer
sity of California to complete a
Northern California tour.
BERKELEY, April 7 (UP).—The
University of Southern California
baseball team defeated the Univer
sity of California to complete a
Northern California tour.
BERKELEY, April 7 (UP).—The
University of Southern California
baseball team defeated the Univer
sity of California to complete a
Northern California tour.
BERKELEY, April 7 (UP).—The
University of Southern California
baseball team defeated the Univer
sity of California to complete a
Northern California tour.
BERKELEY, April 7 (UP).—The
University of Southern California
baseball team defeated the Univer
sity of California to complete a
Northern California tour.
BERKELEY, April 7 (UP).—The
University of Southern California
baseball team defeated the Univer
sity of California to complete a
Northern California tour.
BERKELEY, April 7 (UP).—The
University of Southern California
baseball team defeated the Univer
sity of California to complete a
Northern California tour.
BERKELEY, April 7 (UP).—The
University of Southern California
baseball team defeated the Univer
sity of California to complete a
Northern California tour.
BERKELEY, April 7 (UP).—The
University of Southern California
baseball team defeated the Univer
sity of California to complete a
Northern California tour.
