# Request Numbers Top Recital Today
## 
### 
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present an organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in the Memo
rial Church. Request numbers will
head the program, and some oi the
selections from the April Ist and 4th
recitals will be repeated.
Elizabeth Moser, violinist, and
Everett H. Breed, flutist, will accom
pany Mr. Allen in playing Bach's
Sonata, No. 3, in C Minor. George
Mead's "Fantasy," awarded the 1935
"Diapason Prize," offered by the
American Guild of Organists, will
also be played.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present an organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in the Memo
rial Church. Request numbers will
head the program, and some oi the
selections from the April Ist and 4th
recitals will be repeated.
Elizabeth Moser, violinist, and
Everett H. Breed, flutist, will accom
pany Mr. Allen in playing Bach's
Sonata, No. 3, in C Minor. George
Mead's "Fantasy," awarded the 1935
"Diapason Prize," offered by the
American Guild of Organists, will
also be played.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present an organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in the Memo
rial Church. Request numbers will
head the program, and some oi the
selections from the April Ist and 4th
recitals will be repeated.
Elizabeth Moser, violinist, and
Everett H. Breed, flutist, will accom
pany Mr. Allen in playing Bach's
Sonata, No. 3, in C Minor. George
Mead's "Fantasy," awarded the 1935
"Diapason Prize," offered by the
American Guild of Organists, will
also be played.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present an organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in the Memo
rial Church. Request numbers will
head the program, and some oi the
selections from the April Ist and 4th
recitals will be repeated.
Elizabeth Moser, violinist, and
Everett H. Breed, flutist, will accom
pany Mr. Allen in playing Bach's
Sonata, No. 3, in C Minor. George
Mead's "Fantasy," awarded the 1935
"Diapason Prize," offered by the
American Guild of Organists, will
also be played.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present an organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in the Memo
rial Church. Request numbers will
head the program, and some oi the
selections from the April Ist and 4th
recitals will be repeated.
Elizabeth Moser, violinist, and
Everett H. Breed, flutist, will accom
pany Mr. Allen in playing Bach's
Sonata, No. 3, in C Minor. George
Mead's "Fantasy," awarded the 1935
"Diapason Prize," offered by the
American Guild of Organists, will
also be played.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present an organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in the Memo
rial Church. Request numbers will
head the program, and some oi the
selections from the April Ist and 4th
recitals will be repeated.
Elizabeth Moser, violinist, and
Everett H. Breed, flutist, will accom
pany Mr. Allen in playing Bach's
Sonata, No. 3, in C Minor. George
Mead's "Fantasy," awarded the 1935
"Diapason Prize," offered by the
American Guild of Organists, will
also be played.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present an organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in the Memo
rial Church. Request numbers will
head the program, and some oi the
selections from the April Ist and 4th
recitals will be repeated.
Elizabeth Moser, violinist, and
Everett H. Breed, flutist, will accom
pany Mr. Allen in playing Bach's
Sonata, No. 3, in C Minor. George
Mead's "Fantasy," awarded the 1935
"Diapason Prize," offered by the
American Guild of Organists, will
also be played.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present an organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in the Memo
rial Church. Request numbers will
head the program, and some oi the
selections from the April Ist and 4th
recitals will be repeated.
Elizabeth Moser, violinist, and
Everett H. Breed, flutist, will accom
pany Mr. Allen in playing Bach's
Sonata, No. 3, in C Minor. George
Mead's "Fantasy," awarded the 1935
"Diapason Prize," offered by the
American Guild of Organists, will
also be played.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present an organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in the Memo
rial Church. Request numbers will
head the program, and some oi the
selections from the April Ist and 4th
recitals will be repeated.
Elizabeth Moser, violinist, and
Everett H. Breed, flutist, will accom
pany Mr. Allen in playing Bach's
Sonata, No. 3, in C Minor. George
Mead's "Fantasy," awarded the 1935
"Diapason Prize," offered by the
American Guild of Organists, will
also be played.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present an organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in the Memo
rial Church. Request numbers will
head the program, and some oi the
selections from the April Ist and 4th
recitals will be repeated.
Elizabeth Moser, violinist, and
Everett H. Breed, flutist, will accom
pany Mr. Allen in playing Bach's
Sonata, No. 3, in C Minor. George
Mead's "Fantasy," awarded the 1935
"Diapason Prize," offered by the
American Guild of Organists, will
also be played.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present an organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in the Memo
rial Church. Request numbers will
head the program, and some oi the
selections from the April Ist and 4th
recitals will be repeated.
Elizabeth Moser, violinist, and
Everett H. Breed, flutist, will accom
pany Mr. Allen in playing Bach's
Sonata, No. 3, in C Minor. George
Mead's "Fantasy," awarded the 1935
"Diapason Prize," offered by the
American Guild of Organists, will
also be played.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present an organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in the Memo
rial Church. Request numbers will
head the program, and some oi the
selections from the April Ist and 4th
recitals will be repeated.
Elizabeth Moser, violinist, and
Everett H. Breed, flutist, will accom
pany Mr. Allen in playing Bach's
Sonata, No. 3, in C Minor. George
Mead's "Fantasy," awarded the 1935
"Diapason Prize," offered by the
American Guild of Organists, will
also be played.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present an organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in the Memo
rial Church. Request numbers will
head the program, and some oi the
selections from the April Ist and 4th
recitals will be repeated.
Elizabeth Moser, violinist, and
Everett H. Breed, flutist, will accom
pany Mr. Allen in playing Bach's
Sonata, No. 3, in C Minor. George
Mead's "Fantasy," awarded the 1935
"Diapason Prize," offered by the
American Guild of Organists, will
also be played.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present an organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in the Memo
rial Church. Request numbers will
head the program, and some oi the
selections from the April Ist and 4th
recitals will be repeated.
Elizabeth Moser, violinist, and
Everett H. Breed, flutist, will accom
pany Mr. Allen in playing Bach's
Sonata, No. 3, in C Minor. George
Mead's "Fantasy," awarded the 1935
"Diapason Prize," offered by the
American Guild of Organists, will
also be played.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present an organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in the Memo
rial Church. Request numbers will
head the program, and some oi the
selections from the April Ist and 4th
recitals will be repeated.
Elizabeth Moser, violinist, and
Everett H. Breed, flutist, will accom
pany Mr. Allen in playing Bach's
Sonata, No. 3, in C Minor. George
Mead's "Fantasy," awarded the 1935
"Diapason Prize," offered by the
American Guild of Organists, will
also be played.
