# Ruggers Receive Awards at Dinner
## 
### 
Stanford's rugby team will hold a
banquet at Bertrand's on Highway
99 at 7:15 this evening. Awards, in
the form of jackets for the players
and autographed balls for the coach
es, will be presented, and a captain
will be elected for next year.
Those to receive jackets for per
forming in the Cal game include
the following: Don Pinnell, John
Partridge, George Ditz, Primo Pin
notti, McDonald, Wayne Richardson,
Bill Harrington, Marvin Taylor,
Carl Schaupp, Archie Zamloch, Jay
Holridge, Doc Luckett, Joe Vigna,
Harry Goff, Jim Grubbs ,Bob Mon
davi, Norman Hager, and Joe Clai'k.
BOSTON, April 7 (UP). â€”Joseph
Edward Cronin of San Francisco,
"boy-manager" of the Boston Red
Sox, will be back at his shortstop
job when the 1937 campaign begins,
and Robert Doerr of San Diego has
clinched the second-base assign
ment his first year in the big time.
