# Adv. 13 Page 3
## 
### 
The Little Theatre
presents in the
MEMORIAL HALL
THE FATHER''
By
AUCUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
Tickcts for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
The Little Theatre
presents in the
MEMORIAL HALL
THE FATHER''
By
AUCUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
Tickcts for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
The Little Theatre
presents in the
MEMORIAL HALL
THE FATHER''
By
AUCUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
Tickcts for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
The Little Theatre
presents in the
MEMORIAL HALL
THE FATHER''
By
AUCUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
Tickcts for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
The Little Theatre
presents in the
MEMORIAL HALL
THE FATHER''
By
AUCUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
Tickcts for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
The Little Theatre
presents in the
MEMORIAL HALL
THE FATHER''
By
AUCUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
Tickcts for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
The Little Theatre
presents in the
MEMORIAL HALL
THE FATHER''
By
AUCUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
Tickcts for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
The Little Theatre
presents in the
MEMORIAL HALL
THE FATHER''
By
AUCUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
Tickcts for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
The Little Theatre
presents in the
MEMORIAL HALL
THE FATHER''
By
AUCUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
Tickcts for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
The Little Theatre
presents in the
MEMORIAL HALL
THE FATHER''
By
AUCUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
Tickcts for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
The Little Theatre
presents in the
MEMORIAL HALL
THE FATHER''
By
AUCUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
Tickcts for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
The Little Theatre
presents in the
MEMORIAL HALL
THE FATHER''
By
AUCUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
Tickcts for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
The Little Theatre
presents in the
MEMORIAL HALL
THE FATHER''
By
AUCUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
Tickcts for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
The Little Theatre
presents in the
MEMORIAL HALL
THE FATHER''
By
AUCUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
Tickcts for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
The Little Theatre
presents in the
MEMORIAL HALL
THE FATHER''
By
AUCUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
Tickcts for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
The Little Theatre
presents in the
MEMORIAL HALL
THE FATHER''
By
AUCUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
Tickcts for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
