# Gaieties Seeking More Bandsmen
## 
### 
Meanwhile, Director George Eck
stein made the following announce
ments:
Dancers selected for the Gaieties
will meet Monday night at 8 in the
Ram's Head room. They are: Vein
Westburg, Richard Webb, Ken Pratt,
Don Biggs, Carolyn Johnston, Ade
lita Pellas, Diane Brown, Rita Cres
pin, Beverley Jacobs, Joan Pinto,
Elva Jackson, Lottc Martens, Mari
beth Harelson, Don Sobieske, Elea
nor Sather, Charles Gans.
The chorus will meet tonight at
7:30 in the Ram's Head room.
The fashion skit cast will meet at
the same time and the same place
as the chorus. They are: Bill Ed
lund, Ed Lefcourt, Lowell Miller,
Peter Slussen, Hu HefTner, Herb
Hertel, Jim Ramsey, Erroll French,
and Fred Wheeler.
