# Chaparral to Hold Picnic Tomorrow
## 
### 
Chaparral will have an informal
get-together tomorrow at 3:30 p.m.
at Rossotti's picnic grounds, an
nounced Jim Conner, Chaparral ed
itor.
Hammer and Coffin and Auxiliary
members and new and old Chappie
workers are invited. Everyone go
mg should meet at the Chappie of
fice at 3:30 p.m. Those with cars
are asked to bring them, said Con
ner. The affair is "Dutch treat."
Chaparral will have an informal
get-together tomorrow at 3:30 p.m.
at Rossotti's picnic grounds, an
nounced Jim Conner, Chaparral ed
itor.
Hammer and Coffin and Auxiliary
members and new and old Chappie
workers are invited. Everyone go
mg should meet at the Chappie of
fice at 3:30 p.m. Those with cars
are asked to bring them, said Con
ner. The affair is "Dutch treat."
Chaparral will have an informal
get-together tomorrow at 3:30 p.m.
at Rossotti's picnic grounds, an
nounced Jim Conner, Chaparral ed
itor.
Hammer and Coffin and Auxiliary
members and new and old Chappie
workers are invited. Everyone go
mg should meet at the Chappie of
fice at 3:30 p.m. Those with cars
are asked to bring them, said Con
ner. The affair is "Dutch treat."
Chaparral will have an informal
get-together tomorrow at 3:30 p.m.
at Rossotti's picnic grounds, an
nounced Jim Conner, Chaparral ed
itor.
Hammer and Coffin and Auxiliary
members and new and old Chappie
workers are invited. Everyone go
mg should meet at the Chappie of
fice at 3:30 p.m. Those with cars
are asked to bring them, said Con
ner. The affair is "Dutch treat."
Chaparral will have an informal
get-together tomorrow at 3:30 p.m.
at Rossotti's picnic grounds, an
nounced Jim Conner, Chaparral ed
itor.
Hammer and Coffin and Auxiliary
members and new and old Chappie
workers are invited. Everyone go
mg should meet at the Chappie of
fice at 3:30 p.m. Those with cars
are asked to bring them, said Con
ner. The affair is "Dutch treat."
Chaparral will have an informal
get-together tomorrow at 3:30 p.m.
at Rossotti's picnic grounds, an
nounced Jim Conner, Chaparral ed
itor.
Hammer and Coffin and Auxiliary
members and new and old Chappie
workers are invited. Everyone go
mg should meet at the Chappie of
fice at 3:30 p.m. Those with cars
are asked to bring them, said Con
ner. The affair is "Dutch treat."
Chaparral will have an informal
get-together tomorrow at 3:30 p.m.
at Rossotti's picnic grounds, an
nounced Jim Conner, Chaparral ed
itor.
Hammer and Coffin and Auxiliary
members and new and old Chappie
workers are invited. Everyone go
mg should meet at the Chappie of
fice at 3:30 p.m. Those with cars
are asked to bring them, said Con
ner. The affair is "Dutch treat."
Chaparral will have an informal
get-together tomorrow at 3:30 p.m.
at Rossotti's picnic grounds, an
nounced Jim Conner, Chaparral ed
itor.
Hammer and Coffin and Auxiliary
members and new and old Chappie
workers are invited. Everyone go
mg should meet at the Chappie of
fice at 3:30 p.m. Those with cars
are asked to bring them, said Con
ner. The affair is "Dutch treat."
Chaparral will have an informal
get-together tomorrow at 3:30 p.m.
at Rossotti's picnic grounds, an
nounced Jim Conner, Chaparral ed
itor.
Hammer and Coffin and Auxiliary
members and new and old Chappie
workers are invited. Everyone go
mg should meet at the Chappie of
fice at 3:30 p.m. Those with cars
are asked to bring them, said Con
ner. The affair is "Dutch treat."
Chaparral will have an informal
get-together tomorrow at 3:30 p.m.
at Rossotti's picnic grounds, an
nounced Jim Conner, Chaparral ed
itor.
Hammer and Coffin and Auxiliary
members and new and old Chappie
workers are invited. Everyone go
mg should meet at the Chappie of
fice at 3:30 p.m. Those with cars
are asked to bring them, said Con
ner. The affair is "Dutch treat."
Chaparral will have an informal
get-together tomorrow at 3:30 p.m.
at Rossotti's picnic grounds, an
nounced Jim Conner, Chaparral ed
itor.
Hammer and Coffin and Auxiliary
members and new and old Chappie
workers are invited. Everyone go
mg should meet at the Chappie of
fice at 3:30 p.m. Those with cars
are asked to bring them, said Con
ner. The affair is "Dutch treat."
Chaparral will have an informal
get-together tomorrow at 3:30 p.m.
at Rossotti's picnic grounds, an
nounced Jim Conner, Chaparral ed
itor.
Hammer and Coffin and Auxiliary
members and new and old Chappie
workers are invited. Everyone go
mg should meet at the Chappie of
fice at 3:30 p.m. Those with cars
are asked to bring them, said Con
ner. The affair is "Dutch treat."
Chaparral will have an informal
get-together tomorrow at 3:30 p.m.
at Rossotti's picnic grounds, an
nounced Jim Conner, Chaparral ed
itor.
Hammer and Coffin and Auxiliary
members and new and old Chappie
workers are invited. Everyone go
mg should meet at the Chappie of
fice at 3:30 p.m. Those with cars
are asked to bring them, said Con
ner. The affair is "Dutch treat."
Chaparral will have an informal
get-together tomorrow at 3:30 p.m.
at Rossotti's picnic grounds, an
nounced Jim Conner, Chaparral ed
itor.
Hammer and Coffin and Auxiliary
members and new and old Chappie
workers are invited. Everyone go
mg should meet at the Chappie of
fice at 3:30 p.m. Those with cars
are asked to bring them, said Con
ner. The affair is "Dutch treat."
Chaparral will have an informal
get-together tomorrow at 3:30 p.m.
at Rossotti's picnic grounds, an
nounced Jim Conner, Chaparral ed
itor.
Hammer and Coffin and Auxiliary
members and new and old Chappie
workers are invited. Everyone go
mg should meet at the Chappie of
fice at 3:30 p.m. Those with cars
are asked to bring them, said Con
ner. The affair is "Dutch treat."
Chaparral will have an informal
get-together tomorrow at 3:30 p.m.
at Rossotti's picnic grounds, an
nounced Jim Conner, Chaparral ed
itor.
Hammer and Coffin and Auxiliary
members and new and old Chappie
workers are invited. Everyone go
mg should meet at the Chappie of
fice at 3:30 p.m. Those with cars
are asked to bring them, said Con
ner. The affair is "Dutch treat."
