# Groups Plan Open Houses For Weekend
## 
### 
Stanford roughs and Bruins alike
will dance to the "strained" music
of Gene Bender and his "band of
unknowns" Saturday night, 9 to 1,
at the free, all-campus Alpha Tau
Omega "Hog Wallow" in the new
Mangini's Barn, said Don Richard
son, chairman.
Bringing his San Jose band to the
Farm for a four-hour running stop
to celebrate the Stanford - UCLA
football game, Bender will present
his own versions of "Turkey in the
Straw," "She Had to Go and Lose It
at the Astor," and his original com
position, "Bender's Lost His Gen
der," said Richardson.
"Bids to the annual dance have
unaccountably failed to return from
the printer, but come anyway," in
vited Richardson. "It's free."
Stanford roughs and Bruins alike
will dance to the "strained" music
of Gene Bender and his "band of
unknowns" Saturday night, 9 to 1,
at the free, all-campus Alpha Tau
Omega "Hog Wallow" in the new
Mangini's Barn, said Don Richard
son, chairman.
Bringing his San Jose band to the
Farm for a four-hour running stop
to celebrate the Stanford - UCLA
football game, Bender will present
his own versions of "Turkey in the
Straw," "She Had to Go and Lose It
at the Astor," and his original com
position, "Bender's Lost His Gen
der," said Richardson.
"Bids to the annual dance have
unaccountably failed to return from
the printer, but come anyway," in
vited Richardson. "It's free."
Stanford roughs and Bruins alike
will dance to the "strained" music
of Gene Bender and his "band of
unknowns" Saturday night, 9 to 1,
at the free, all-campus Alpha Tau
Omega "Hog Wallow" in the new
Mangini's Barn, said Don Richard
son, chairman.
Bringing his San Jose band to the
Farm for a four-hour running stop
to celebrate the Stanford - UCLA
football game, Bender will present
his own versions of "Turkey in the
Straw," "She Had to Go and Lose It
at the Astor," and his original com
position, "Bender's Lost His Gen
der," said Richardson.
"Bids to the annual dance have
unaccountably failed to return from
the printer, but come anyway," in
vited Richardson. "It's free."
Stanford roughs and Bruins alike
will dance to the "strained" music
of Gene Bender and his "band of
unknowns" Saturday night, 9 to 1,
at the free, all-campus Alpha Tau
Omega "Hog Wallow" in the new
Mangini's Barn, said Don Richard
son, chairman.
Bringing his San Jose band to the
Farm for a four-hour running stop
to celebrate the Stanford - UCLA
football game, Bender will present
his own versions of "Turkey in the
Straw," "She Had to Go and Lose It
at the Astor," and his original com
position, "Bender's Lost His Gen
der," said Richardson.
"Bids to the annual dance have
unaccountably failed to return from
the printer, but come anyway," in
vited Richardson. "It's free."
Stanford roughs and Bruins alike
will dance to the "strained" music
of Gene Bender and his "band of
unknowns" Saturday night, 9 to 1,
at the free, all-campus Alpha Tau
Omega "Hog Wallow" in the new
Mangini's Barn, said Don Richard
son, chairman.
Bringing his San Jose band to the
Farm for a four-hour running stop
to celebrate the Stanford - UCLA
football game, Bender will present
his own versions of "Turkey in the
Straw," "She Had to Go and Lose It
at the Astor," and his original com
position, "Bender's Lost His Gen
der," said Richardson.
"Bids to the annual dance have
unaccountably failed to return from
the printer, but come anyway," in
vited Richardson. "It's free."
Stanford roughs and Bruins alike
will dance to the "strained" music
of Gene Bender and his "band of
unknowns" Saturday night, 9 to 1,
at the free, all-campus Alpha Tau
Omega "Hog Wallow" in the new
Mangini's Barn, said Don Richard
son, chairman.
Bringing his San Jose band to the
Farm for a four-hour running stop
to celebrate the Stanford - UCLA
football game, Bender will present
his own versions of "Turkey in the
Straw," "She Had to Go and Lose It
at the Astor," and his original com
position, "Bender's Lost His Gen
der," said Richardson.
"Bids to the annual dance have
unaccountably failed to return from
the printer, but come anyway," in
vited Richardson. "It's free."
Stanford roughs and Bruins alike
will dance to the "strained" music
of Gene Bender and his "band of
unknowns" Saturday night, 9 to 1,
at the free, all-campus Alpha Tau
Omega "Hog Wallow" in the new
Mangini's Barn, said Don Richard
son, chairman.
Bringing his San Jose band to the
Farm for a four-hour running stop
to celebrate the Stanford - UCLA
football game, Bender will present
his own versions of "Turkey in the
Straw," "She Had to Go and Lose It
at the Astor," and his original com
position, "Bender's Lost His Gen
der," said Richardson.
"Bids to the annual dance have
unaccountably failed to return from
the printer, but come anyway," in
vited Richardson. "It's free."
Stanford roughs and Bruins alike
will dance to the "strained" music
of Gene Bender and his "band of
unknowns" Saturday night, 9 to 1,
at the free, all-campus Alpha Tau
Omega "Hog Wallow" in the new
Mangini's Barn, said Don Richard
son, chairman.
Bringing his San Jose band to the
Farm for a four-hour running stop
to celebrate the Stanford - UCLA
football game, Bender will present
his own versions of "Turkey in the
Straw," "She Had to Go and Lose It
at the Astor," and his original com
position, "Bender's Lost His Gen
der," said Richardson.
"Bids to the annual dance have
unaccountably failed to return from
the printer, but come anyway," in
vited Richardson. "It's free."
Stanford roughs and Bruins alike
will dance to the "strained" music
of Gene Bender and his "band of
unknowns" Saturday night, 9 to 1,
at the free, all-campus Alpha Tau
Omega "Hog Wallow" in the new
Mangini's Barn, said Don Richard
son, chairman.
Bringing his San Jose band to the
Farm for a four-hour running stop
to celebrate the Stanford - UCLA
football game, Bender will present
his own versions of "Turkey in the
Straw," "She Had to Go and Lose It
at the Astor," and his original com
position, "Bender's Lost His Gen
der," said Richardson.
"Bids to the annual dance have
unaccountably failed to return from
the printer, but come anyway," in
vited Richardson. "It's free."
Stanford roughs and Bruins alike
will dance to the "strained" music
of Gene Bender and his "band of
unknowns" Saturday night, 9 to 1,
at the free, all-campus Alpha Tau
Omega "Hog Wallow" in the new
Mangini's Barn, said Don Richard
son, chairman.
Bringing his San Jose band to the
Farm for a four-hour running stop
to celebrate the Stanford - UCLA
football game, Bender will present
his own versions of "Turkey in the
Straw," "She Had to Go and Lose It
at the Astor," and his original com
position, "Bender's Lost His Gen
der," said Richardson.
"Bids to the annual dance have
unaccountably failed to return from
the printer, but come anyway," in
vited Richardson. "It's free."
Stanford roughs and Bruins alike
will dance to the "strained" music
of Gene Bender and his "band of
unknowns" Saturday night, 9 to 1,
at the free, all-campus Alpha Tau
Omega "Hog Wallow" in the new
Mangini's Barn, said Don Richard
son, chairman.
Bringing his San Jose band to the
Farm for a four-hour running stop
to celebrate the Stanford - UCLA
football game, Bender will present
his own versions of "Turkey in the
Straw," "She Had to Go and Lose It
at the Astor," and his original com
position, "Bender's Lost His Gen
der," said Richardson.
"Bids to the annual dance have
unaccountably failed to return from
the printer, but come anyway," in
vited Richardson. "It's free."
Stanford roughs and Bruins alike
will dance to the "strained" music
of Gene Bender and his "band of
unknowns" Saturday night, 9 to 1,
at the free, all-campus Alpha Tau
Omega "Hog Wallow" in the new
Mangini's Barn, said Don Richard
son, chairman.
Bringing his San Jose band to the
Farm for a four-hour running stop
to celebrate the Stanford - UCLA
football game, Bender will present
his own versions of "Turkey in the
Straw," "She Had to Go and Lose It
at the Astor," and his original com
position, "Bender's Lost His Gen
der," said Richardson.
"Bids to the annual dance have
unaccountably failed to return from
the printer, but come anyway," in
vited Richardson. "It's free."
Stanford roughs and Bruins alike
will dance to the "strained" music
of Gene Bender and his "band of
unknowns" Saturday night, 9 to 1,
at the free, all-campus Alpha Tau
Omega "Hog Wallow" in the new
Mangini's Barn, said Don Richard
son, chairman.
Bringing his San Jose band to the
Farm for a four-hour running stop
to celebrate the Stanford - UCLA
football game, Bender will present
his own versions of "Turkey in the
Straw," "She Had to Go and Lose It
at the Astor," and his original com
position, "Bender's Lost His Gen
der," said Richardson.
"Bids to the annual dance have
unaccountably failed to return from
the printer, but come anyway," in
vited Richardson. "It's free."
Stanford roughs and Bruins alike
will dance to the "strained" music
of Gene Bender and his "band of
unknowns" Saturday night, 9 to 1,
at the free, all-campus Alpha Tau
Omega "Hog Wallow" in the new
Mangini's Barn, said Don Richard
son, chairman.
Bringing his San Jose band to the
Farm for a four-hour running stop
to celebrate the Stanford - UCLA
football game, Bender will present
his own versions of "Turkey in the
Straw," "She Had to Go and Lose It
at the Astor," and his original com
position, "Bender's Lost His Gen
der," said Richardson.
"Bids to the annual dance have
unaccountably failed to return from
the printer, but come anyway," in
vited Richardson. "It's free."
Stanford roughs and Bruins alike
will dance to the "strained" music
of Gene Bender and his "band of
unknowns" Saturday night, 9 to 1,
at the free, all-campus Alpha Tau
Omega "Hog Wallow" in the new
Mangini's Barn, said Don Richard
son, chairman.
Bringing his San Jose band to the
Farm for a four-hour running stop
to celebrate the Stanford - UCLA
football game, Bender will present
his own versions of "Turkey in the
Straw," "She Had to Go and Lose It
at the Astor," and his original com
position, "Bender's Lost His Gen
der," said Richardson.
"Bids to the annual dance have
unaccountably failed to return from
the printer, but come anyway," in
vited Richardson. "It's free."
Stanford roughs and Bruins alike
will dance to the "strained" music
of Gene Bender and his "band of
unknowns" Saturday night, 9 to 1,
at the free, all-campus Alpha Tau
Omega "Hog Wallow" in the new
Mangini's Barn, said Don Richard
son, chairman.
Bringing his San Jose band to the
Farm for a four-hour running stop
to celebrate the Stanford - UCLA
football game, Bender will present
his own versions of "Turkey in the
Straw," "She Had to Go and Lose It
at the Astor," and his original com
position, "Bender's Lost His Gen
der," said Richardson.
"Bids to the annual dance have
unaccountably failed to return from
the printer, but come anyway," in
vited Richardson. "It's free."
