# PINCHOT WILL LECTURE.
## Distinguished Authority on Forestry To Talk in Chapel Friday Night. 
### 
Gifford Pinchot, Chief of the
United States Bureau of Forestry,
at Washington, 1). C., will give an
address at the University Friday
evening, September 11th, at eight
o'clock, in the chapel. His subject
will include "Forestry as a Pro
fession," and some account of the
present work of the Bureau in the
California forests, where seventeen
of Mr. Pinchot's staff have been
engaged during the past summer
under his direction. The lecture
will be given under the auspices of
the scientific society of Sigma Xi.
Mr. Pinchot is a man of exceed
ingly interesting personality. He
and his immediate family have
founded and endowed a forestry
school at Yale, while he has devot
ed his university and technical
training in a very vigorous and
efficient manner to the solution of
one of the most important econom
ical problems of America—the rela
tion of her great forests to the
public welfare. He is now the lead
er of his profession in this country,
and has won the entire confidence
of the best men in administration
and business.
Gifford Pinchot, Chief of the
United States Bureau of Forestry,
at Washington, 1). C., will give an
address at the University Friday
evening, September 11th, at eight
o'clock, in the chapel. His subject
will include "Forestry as a Pro
fession," and some account of the
present work of the Bureau in the
California forests, where seventeen
of Mr. Pinchot's staff have been
engaged during the past summer
under his direction. The lecture
will be given under the auspices of
the scientific society of Sigma Xi.
Mr. Pinchot is a man of exceed
ingly interesting personality. He
and his immediate family have
founded and endowed a forestry
school at Yale, while he has devot
ed his university and technical
training in a very vigorous and
efficient manner to the solution of
one of the most important econom
ical problems of America—the rela
tion of her great forests to the
public welfare. He is now the lead
er of his profession in this country,
and has won the entire confidence
of the best men in administration
and business.
Gifford Pinchot, Chief of the
United States Bureau of Forestry,
at Washington, 1). C., will give an
address at the University Friday
evening, September 11th, at eight
o'clock, in the chapel. His subject
will include "Forestry as a Pro
fession," and some account of the
present work of the Bureau in the
California forests, where seventeen
of Mr. Pinchot's staff have been
engaged during the past summer
under his direction. The lecture
will be given under the auspices of
the scientific society of Sigma Xi.
Mr. Pinchot is a man of exceed
ingly interesting personality. He
and his immediate family have
founded and endowed a forestry
school at Yale, while he has devot
ed his university and technical
training in a very vigorous and
efficient manner to the solution of
one of the most important econom
ical problems of America—the rela
tion of her great forests to the
public welfare. He is now the lead
er of his profession in this country,
and has won the entire confidence
of the best men in administration
and business.
Gifford Pinchot, Chief of the
United States Bureau of Forestry,
at Washington, 1). C., will give an
address at the University Friday
evening, September 11th, at eight
o'clock, in the chapel. His subject
will include "Forestry as a Pro
fession," and some account of the
present work of the Bureau in the
California forests, where seventeen
of Mr. Pinchot's staff have been
engaged during the past summer
under his direction. The lecture
will be given under the auspices of
the scientific society of Sigma Xi.
Mr. Pinchot is a man of exceed
ingly interesting personality. He
and his immediate family have
founded and endowed a forestry
school at Yale, while he has devot
ed his university and technical
training in a very vigorous and
efficient manner to the solution of
one of the most important econom
ical problems of America—the rela
tion of her great forests to the
public welfare. He is now the lead
er of his profession in this country,
and has won the entire confidence
of the best men in administration
and business.
Gifford Pinchot, Chief of the
United States Bureau of Forestry,
at Washington, 1). C., will give an
address at the University Friday
evening, September 11th, at eight
o'clock, in the chapel. His subject
will include "Forestry as a Pro
fession," and some account of the
present work of the Bureau in the
California forests, where seventeen
of Mr. Pinchot's staff have been
engaged during the past summer
under his direction. The lecture
will be given under the auspices of
the scientific society of Sigma Xi.
Mr. Pinchot is a man of exceed
ingly interesting personality. He
and his immediate family have
founded and endowed a forestry
school at Yale, while he has devot
ed his university and technical
training in a very vigorous and
efficient manner to the solution of
one of the most important econom
ical problems of America—the rela
tion of her great forests to the
public welfare. He is now the lead
er of his profession in this country,
and has won the entire confidence
of the best men in administration
and business.
Gifford Pinchot, Chief of the
United States Bureau of Forestry,
at Washington, 1). C., will give an
address at the University Friday
evening, September 11th, at eight
o'clock, in the chapel. His subject
will include "Forestry as a Pro
fession," and some account of the
present work of the Bureau in the
California forests, where seventeen
of Mr. Pinchot's staff have been
engaged during the past summer
under his direction. The lecture
will be given under the auspices of
the scientific society of Sigma Xi.
Mr. Pinchot is a man of exceed
ingly interesting personality. He
and his immediate family have
founded and endowed a forestry
school at Yale, while he has devot
ed his university and technical
training in a very vigorous and
efficient manner to the solution of
one of the most important econom
ical problems of America—the rela
tion of her great forests to the
public welfare. He is now the lead
er of his profession in this country,
and has won the entire confidence
of the best men in administration
and business.
Gifford Pinchot, Chief of the
United States Bureau of Forestry,
at Washington, 1). C., will give an
address at the University Friday
evening, September 11th, at eight
o'clock, in the chapel. His subject
will include "Forestry as a Pro
fession," and some account of the
present work of the Bureau in the
California forests, where seventeen
of Mr. Pinchot's staff have been
engaged during the past summer
under his direction. The lecture
will be given under the auspices of
the scientific society of Sigma Xi.
Mr. Pinchot is a man of exceed
ingly interesting personality. He
and his immediate family have
founded and endowed a forestry
school at Yale, while he has devot
ed his university and technical
training in a very vigorous and
efficient manner to the solution of
one of the most important econom
ical problems of America—the rela
tion of her great forests to the
public welfare. He is now the lead
er of his profession in this country,
and has won the entire confidence
of the best men in administration
and business.
