# ADDITIONAL PLAY.
## London Company Will Present Shaksperian Drama in Connection with "Everyman." 
### 
"Everyman," the English mor
ality play to he presented here by
Ben Greet's London company, Sep
tember 28th, will be supplemented
by the presentation of one of Shak
spere's plays, either "As You Like
It" or "Twelfth Night," to be given
at a matinee performance on the
afternoon of the same date. Both
plays will be given under the
auspices of the English Club, in
stead of the University Band, as
previously stated. As provided in
the original arrangements, however,
the Band is to share in the pro
ceeds up to the amount of its in
debtedness. The management of
the Greet Company has left the
choice of the additional perform
ance to the English Club, and a
selection will be made tonight at
the first regular meeting of the
club. Some little hesitation was
felt in giving a double bill, but the
success of last year's presentation
of "The Knight of the Burning Pes
tle" is taken as an assurance of
good houses.
"Everyman," the English mor
ality play to he presented here by
Ben Greet's London company, Sep
tember 28th, will be supplemented
by the presentation of one of Shak
spere's plays, either "As You Like
It" or "Twelfth Night," to be given
at a matinee performance on the
afternoon of the same date. Both
plays will be given under the
auspices of the English Club, in
stead of the University Band, as
previously stated. As provided in
the original arrangements, however,
the Band is to share in the pro
ceeds up to the amount of its in
debtedness. The management of
the Greet Company has left the
choice of the additional perform
ance to the English Club, and a
selection will be made tonight at
the first regular meeting of the
club. Some little hesitation was
felt in giving a double bill, but the
success of last year's presentation
of "The Knight of the Burning Pes
tle" is taken as an assurance of
good houses.
"Everyman," the English mor
ality play to he presented here by
Ben Greet's London company, Sep
tember 28th, will be supplemented
by the presentation of one of Shak
spere's plays, either "As You Like
It" or "Twelfth Night," to be given
at a matinee performance on the
afternoon of the same date. Both
plays will be given under the
auspices of the English Club, in
stead of the University Band, as
previously stated. As provided in
the original arrangements, however,
the Band is to share in the pro
ceeds up to the amount of its in
debtedness. The management of
the Greet Company has left the
choice of the additional perform
ance to the English Club, and a
selection will be made tonight at
the first regular meeting of the
club. Some little hesitation was
felt in giving a double bill, but the
success of last year's presentation
of "The Knight of the Burning Pes
tle" is taken as an assurance of
good houses.
"Everyman," the English mor
ality play to he presented here by
Ben Greet's London company, Sep
tember 28th, will be supplemented
by the presentation of one of Shak
spere's plays, either "As You Like
It" or "Twelfth Night," to be given
at a matinee performance on the
afternoon of the same date. Both
plays will be given under the
auspices of the English Club, in
stead of the University Band, as
previously stated. As provided in
the original arrangements, however,
the Band is to share in the pro
ceeds up to the amount of its in
debtedness. The management of
the Greet Company has left the
choice of the additional perform
ance to the English Club, and a
selection will be made tonight at
the first regular meeting of the
club. Some little hesitation was
felt in giving a double bill, but the
success of last year's presentation
of "The Knight of the Burning Pes
tle" is taken as an assurance of
good houses.
"Everyman," the English mor
ality play to he presented here by
Ben Greet's London company, Sep
tember 28th, will be supplemented
by the presentation of one of Shak
spere's plays, either "As You Like
It" or "Twelfth Night," to be given
at a matinee performance on the
afternoon of the same date. Both
plays will be given under the
auspices of the English Club, in
stead of the University Band, as
previously stated. As provided in
the original arrangements, however,
the Band is to share in the pro
ceeds up to the amount of its in
debtedness. The management of
the Greet Company has left the
choice of the additional perform
ance to the English Club, and a
selection will be made tonight at
the first regular meeting of the
club. Some little hesitation was
felt in giving a double bill, but the
success of last year's presentation
of "The Knight of the Burning Pes
tle" is taken as an assurance of
good houses.
"Everyman," the English mor
ality play to he presented here by
Ben Greet's London company, Sep
tember 28th, will be supplemented
by the presentation of one of Shak
spere's plays, either "As You Like
It" or "Twelfth Night," to be given
at a matinee performance on the
afternoon of the same date. Both
plays will be given under the
auspices of the English Club, in
stead of the University Band, as
previously stated. As provided in
the original arrangements, however,
the Band is to share in the pro
ceeds up to the amount of its in
debtedness. The management of
the Greet Company has left the
choice of the additional perform
ance to the English Club, and a
selection will be made tonight at
the first regular meeting of the
club. Some little hesitation was
felt in giving a double bill, but the
success of last year's presentation
of "The Knight of the Burning Pes
tle" is taken as an assurance of
good houses.
"Everyman," the English mor
ality play to he presented here by
Ben Greet's London company, Sep
tember 28th, will be supplemented
by the presentation of one of Shak
spere's plays, either "As You Like
It" or "Twelfth Night," to be given
at a matinee performance on the
afternoon of the same date. Both
plays will be given under the
auspices of the English Club, in
stead of the University Band, as
previously stated. As provided in
the original arrangements, however,
the Band is to share in the pro
ceeds up to the amount of its in
debtedness. The management of
the Greet Company has left the
choice of the additional perform
ance to the English Club, and a
selection will be made tonight at
the first regular meeting of the
club. Some little hesitation was
felt in giving a double bill, but the
success of last year's presentation
of "The Knight of the Burning Pes
tle" is taken as an assurance of
good houses.
