# LEAD SENATE FARM BILL CRITICS
## 
### 

Senators Frazier of North Dakota (left) and Brookhart of lowa
criticized the administration farm relief bill as inadequate to meet
kh« farmer*' n»»H«

Senators Frazier of North Dakota (left) and Brookhart of lowa
criticized the administration farm relief bill as inadequate to meet
kh« farmer*' n»»H«

Senators Frazier of North Dakota (left) and Brookhart of lowa
criticized the administration farm relief bill as inadequate to meet
kh« farmer*' n»»H«

Senators Frazier of North Dakota (left) and Brookhart of lowa
criticized the administration farm relief bill as inadequate to meet
kh« farmer*' n»»H«

Senators Frazier of North Dakota (left) and Brookhart of lowa
criticized the administration farm relief bill as inadequate to meet
kh« farmer*' n»»H«

Senators Frazier of North Dakota (left) and Brookhart of lowa
criticized the administration farm relief bill as inadequate to meet
kh« farmer*' n»»H«

Senators Frazier of North Dakota (left) and Brookhart of lowa
criticized the administration farm relief bill as inadequate to meet
kh« farmer*' n»»H«

Senators Frazier of North Dakota (left) and Brookhart of lowa
criticized the administration farm relief bill as inadequate to meet
kh« farmer*' n»»H«

Senators Frazier of North Dakota (left) and Brookhart of lowa
criticized the administration farm relief bill as inadequate to meet
kh« farmer*' n»»H«

Senators Frazier of North Dakota (left) and Brookhart of lowa
criticized the administration farm relief bill as inadequate to meet
kh« farmer*' n»»H«

Senators Frazier of North Dakota (left) and Brookhart of lowa
criticized the administration farm relief bill as inadequate to meet
kh« farmer*' n»»H«

Senators Frazier of North Dakota (left) and Brookhart of lowa
criticized the administration farm relief bill as inadequate to meet
kh« farmer*' n»»H«

Senators Frazier of North Dakota (left) and Brookhart of lowa
criticized the administration farm relief bill as inadequate to meet
kh« farmer*' n»»H«

Senators Frazier of North Dakota (left) and Brookhart of lowa
criticized the administration farm relief bill as inadequate to meet
kh« farmer*' n»»H«

Senators Frazier of North Dakota (left) and Brookhart of lowa
criticized the administration farm relief bill as inadequate to meet
kh« farmer*' n»»H«

Senators Frazier of North Dakota (left) and Brookhart of lowa
criticized the administration farm relief bill as inadequate to meet
kh« farmer*' n»»H«
