# HORSESHOES FORFEITED
## 
### 
El Campo and El Toro won their in
tramural horseshoe matches yester
day by forfeits. The matches sched
uled for this afternoon are Alpha
Sigma Phi vs. Independents and Delta
Chi vs. Breakers.
El Campo and El Toro won their in
tramural horseshoe matches yester
day by forfeits. The matches sched
uled for this afternoon are Alpha
Sigma Phi vs. Independents and Delta
Chi vs. Breakers.
El Campo and El Toro won their in
tramural horseshoe matches yester
day by forfeits. The matches sched
uled for this afternoon are Alpha
Sigma Phi vs. Independents and Delta
Chi vs. Breakers.
El Campo and El Toro won their in
tramural horseshoe matches yester
day by forfeits. The matches sched
uled for this afternoon are Alpha
Sigma Phi vs. Independents and Delta
Chi vs. Breakers.
El Campo and El Toro won their in
tramural horseshoe matches yester
day by forfeits. The matches sched
uled for this afternoon are Alpha
Sigma Phi vs. Independents and Delta
Chi vs. Breakers.
El Campo and El Toro won their in
tramural horseshoe matches yester
day by forfeits. The matches sched
uled for this afternoon are Alpha
Sigma Phi vs. Independents and Delta
Chi vs. Breakers.
El Campo and El Toro won their in
tramural horseshoe matches yester
day by forfeits. The matches sched
uled for this afternoon are Alpha
Sigma Phi vs. Independents and Delta
Chi vs. Breakers.
El Campo and El Toro won their in
tramural horseshoe matches yester
day by forfeits. The matches sched
uled for this afternoon are Alpha
Sigma Phi vs. Independents and Delta
Chi vs. Breakers.
El Campo and El Toro won their in
tramural horseshoe matches yester
day by forfeits. The matches sched
uled for this afternoon are Alpha
Sigma Phi vs. Independents and Delta
Chi vs. Breakers.
El Campo and El Toro won their in
tramural horseshoe matches yester
day by forfeits. The matches sched
uled for this afternoon are Alpha
Sigma Phi vs. Independents and Delta
Chi vs. Breakers.
El Campo and El Toro won their in
tramural horseshoe matches yester
day by forfeits. The matches sched
uled for this afternoon are Alpha
Sigma Phi vs. Independents and Delta
Chi vs. Breakers.
El Campo and El Toro won their in
tramural horseshoe matches yester
day by forfeits. The matches sched
uled for this afternoon are Alpha
Sigma Phi vs. Independents and Delta
Chi vs. Breakers.
El Campo and El Toro won their in
tramural horseshoe matches yester
day by forfeits. The matches sched
uled for this afternoon are Alpha
Sigma Phi vs. Independents and Delta
Chi vs. Breakers.
El Campo and El Toro won their in
tramural horseshoe matches yester
day by forfeits. The matches sched
uled for this afternoon are Alpha
Sigma Phi vs. Independents and Delta
Chi vs. Breakers.
El Campo and El Toro won their in
tramural horseshoe matches yester
day by forfeits. The matches sched
uled for this afternoon are Alpha
Sigma Phi vs. Independents and Delta
Chi vs. Breakers.
El Campo and El Toro won their in
tramural horseshoe matches yester
day by forfeits. The matches sched
uled for this afternoon are Alpha
Sigma Phi vs. Independents and Delta
Chi vs. Breakers.
