# DIRECTORS OF HOME EXPRESS THANKS TO STANFORD WORKERS
## 
### 
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily Dr. Charles Gardner and Pro
fessor J. P. Mitchell, of the Board
of Directors of the Stanford Con
valescent Home, express their
thanks to the students of the Uni
versity for their work in putting
across this year's Fund Campaign
and Labor Day.
The letter is as follows:
"On behalf of the Board of Di
rectors of the Stanford Convales
cent Home we beg the hospitality of
your columns to thank the students
of the University for their work
and labor of love in the appeal for
funds and in organizing Labor Day.
I wish I could mention by name the
chairmen of all committees. That,
however, would overtax your good
nature. But they would, I am sure,
agree with us in applauding Ben
nie Craft, Stanford Steinbeck, and
Mary Barstow for their leadership.
To everyone who contributed to
ward the handsome sum gathered in
response to the appeal for our main
tenance budget of $37,000 for the
year we also give hearty thanks.
The whole experience is a fine
demonstration of the true Stanford
spirit. And may we thank you, sir,
for your support of this gracious
work for our sick and crippled
children."
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily Dr. Charles Gardner and Pro
fessor J. P. Mitchell, of the Board
of Directors of the Stanford Con
valescent Home, express their
thanks to the students of the Uni
versity for their work in putting
across this year's Fund Campaign
and Labor Day.
The letter is as follows:
"On behalf of the Board of Di
rectors of the Stanford Convales
cent Home we beg the hospitality of
your columns to thank the students
of the University for their work
and labor of love in the appeal for
funds and in organizing Labor Day.
I wish I could mention by name the
chairmen of all committees. That,
however, would overtax your good
nature. But they would, I am sure,
agree with us in applauding Ben
nie Craft, Stanford Steinbeck, and
Mary Barstow for their leadership.
To everyone who contributed to
ward the handsome sum gathered in
response to the appeal for our main
tenance budget of $37,000 for the
year we also give hearty thanks.
The whole experience is a fine
demonstration of the true Stanford
spirit. And may we thank you, sir,
for your support of this gracious
work for our sick and crippled
children."
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily Dr. Charles Gardner and Pro
fessor J. P. Mitchell, of the Board
of Directors of the Stanford Con
valescent Home, express their
thanks to the students of the Uni
versity for their work in putting
across this year's Fund Campaign
and Labor Day.
The letter is as follows:
"On behalf of the Board of Di
rectors of the Stanford Convales
cent Home we beg the hospitality of
your columns to thank the students
of the University for their work
and labor of love in the appeal for
funds and in organizing Labor Day.
I wish I could mention by name the
chairmen of all committees. That,
however, would overtax your good
nature. But they would, I am sure,
agree with us in applauding Ben
nie Craft, Stanford Steinbeck, and
Mary Barstow for their leadership.
To everyone who contributed to
ward the handsome sum gathered in
response to the appeal for our main
tenance budget of $37,000 for the
year we also give hearty thanks.
The whole experience is a fine
demonstration of the true Stanford
spirit. And may we thank you, sir,
for your support of this gracious
work for our sick and crippled
children."
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily Dr. Charles Gardner and Pro
fessor J. P. Mitchell, of the Board
of Directors of the Stanford Con
valescent Home, express their
thanks to the students of the Uni
versity for their work in putting
across this year's Fund Campaign
and Labor Day.
The letter is as follows:
"On behalf of the Board of Di
rectors of the Stanford Convales
cent Home we beg the hospitality of
your columns to thank the students
of the University for their work
and labor of love in the appeal for
funds and in organizing Labor Day.
I wish I could mention by name the
chairmen of all committees. That,
however, would overtax your good
nature. But they would, I am sure,
agree with us in applauding Ben
nie Craft, Stanford Steinbeck, and
Mary Barstow for their leadership.
To everyone who contributed to
ward the handsome sum gathered in
response to the appeal for our main
tenance budget of $37,000 for the
year we also give hearty thanks.
The whole experience is a fine
demonstration of the true Stanford
spirit. And may we thank you, sir,
for your support of this gracious
work for our sick and crippled
children."
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily Dr. Charles Gardner and Pro
fessor J. P. Mitchell, of the Board
of Directors of the Stanford Con
valescent Home, express their
thanks to the students of the Uni
versity for their work in putting
across this year's Fund Campaign
and Labor Day.
The letter is as follows:
"On behalf of the Board of Di
rectors of the Stanford Convales
cent Home we beg the hospitality of
your columns to thank the students
of the University for their work
and labor of love in the appeal for
funds and in organizing Labor Day.
I wish I could mention by name the
chairmen of all committees. That,
however, would overtax your good
nature. But they would, I am sure,
agree with us in applauding Ben
nie Craft, Stanford Steinbeck, and
Mary Barstow for their leadership.
To everyone who contributed to
ward the handsome sum gathered in
response to the appeal for our main
tenance budget of $37,000 for the
year we also give hearty thanks.
The whole experience is a fine
demonstration of the true Stanford
spirit. And may we thank you, sir,
for your support of this gracious
work for our sick and crippled
children."
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily Dr. Charles Gardner and Pro
fessor J. P. Mitchell, of the Board
of Directors of the Stanford Con
valescent Home, express their
thanks to the students of the Uni
versity for their work in putting
across this year's Fund Campaign
and Labor Day.
The letter is as follows:
"On behalf of the Board of Di
rectors of the Stanford Convales
cent Home we beg the hospitality of
your columns to thank the students
of the University for their work
and labor of love in the appeal for
funds and in organizing Labor Day.
I wish I could mention by name the
chairmen of all committees. That,
however, would overtax your good
nature. But they would, I am sure,
agree with us in applauding Ben
nie Craft, Stanford Steinbeck, and
Mary Barstow for their leadership.
To everyone who contributed to
ward the handsome sum gathered in
response to the appeal for our main
tenance budget of $37,000 for the
year we also give hearty thanks.
The whole experience is a fine
demonstration of the true Stanford
spirit. And may we thank you, sir,
for your support of this gracious
work for our sick and crippled
children."
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily Dr. Charles Gardner and Pro
fessor J. P. Mitchell, of the Board
of Directors of the Stanford Con
valescent Home, express their
thanks to the students of the Uni
versity for their work in putting
across this year's Fund Campaign
and Labor Day.
The letter is as follows:
"On behalf of the Board of Di
rectors of the Stanford Convales
cent Home we beg the hospitality of
your columns to thank the students
of the University for their work
and labor of love in the appeal for
funds and in organizing Labor Day.
I wish I could mention by name the
chairmen of all committees. That,
however, would overtax your good
nature. But they would, I am sure,
agree with us in applauding Ben
nie Craft, Stanford Steinbeck, and
Mary Barstow for their leadership.
To everyone who contributed to
ward the handsome sum gathered in
response to the appeal for our main
tenance budget of $37,000 for the
year we also give hearty thanks.
The whole experience is a fine
demonstration of the true Stanford
spirit. And may we thank you, sir,
for your support of this gracious
work for our sick and crippled
children."
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily Dr. Charles Gardner and Pro
fessor J. P. Mitchell, of the Board
of Directors of the Stanford Con
valescent Home, express their
thanks to the students of the Uni
versity for their work in putting
across this year's Fund Campaign
and Labor Day.
The letter is as follows:
"On behalf of the Board of Di
rectors of the Stanford Convales
cent Home we beg the hospitality of
your columns to thank the students
of the University for their work
and labor of love in the appeal for
funds and in organizing Labor Day.
I wish I could mention by name the
chairmen of all committees. That,
however, would overtax your good
nature. But they would, I am sure,
agree with us in applauding Ben
nie Craft, Stanford Steinbeck, and
Mary Barstow for their leadership.
To everyone who contributed to
ward the handsome sum gathered in
response to the appeal for our main
tenance budget of $37,000 for the
year we also give hearty thanks.
The whole experience is a fine
demonstration of the true Stanford
spirit. And may we thank you, sir,
for your support of this gracious
work for our sick and crippled
children."
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily Dr. Charles Gardner and Pro
fessor J. P. Mitchell, of the Board
of Directors of the Stanford Con
valescent Home, express their
thanks to the students of the Uni
versity for their work in putting
across this year's Fund Campaign
and Labor Day.
The letter is as follows:
"On behalf of the Board of Di
rectors of the Stanford Convales
cent Home we beg the hospitality of
your columns to thank the students
of the University for their work
and labor of love in the appeal for
funds and in organizing Labor Day.
I wish I could mention by name the
chairmen of all committees. That,
however, would overtax your good
nature. But they would, I am sure,
agree with us in applauding Ben
nie Craft, Stanford Steinbeck, and
Mary Barstow for their leadership.
To everyone who contributed to
ward the handsome sum gathered in
response to the appeal for our main
tenance budget of $37,000 for the
year we also give hearty thanks.
The whole experience is a fine
demonstration of the true Stanford
spirit. And may we thank you, sir,
for your support of this gracious
work for our sick and crippled
children."
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily Dr. Charles Gardner and Pro
fessor J. P. Mitchell, of the Board
of Directors of the Stanford Con
valescent Home, express their
thanks to the students of the Uni
versity for their work in putting
across this year's Fund Campaign
and Labor Day.
The letter is as follows:
"On behalf of the Board of Di
rectors of the Stanford Convales
cent Home we beg the hospitality of
your columns to thank the students
of the University for their work
and labor of love in the appeal for
funds and in organizing Labor Day.
I wish I could mention by name the
chairmen of all committees. That,
however, would overtax your good
nature. But they would, I am sure,
agree with us in applauding Ben
nie Craft, Stanford Steinbeck, and
Mary Barstow for their leadership.
To everyone who contributed to
ward the handsome sum gathered in
response to the appeal for our main
tenance budget of $37,000 for the
year we also give hearty thanks.
The whole experience is a fine
demonstration of the true Stanford
spirit. And may we thank you, sir,
for your support of this gracious
work for our sick and crippled
children."
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily Dr. Charles Gardner and Pro
fessor J. P. Mitchell, of the Board
of Directors of the Stanford Con
valescent Home, express their
thanks to the students of the Uni
versity for their work in putting
across this year's Fund Campaign
and Labor Day.
The letter is as follows:
"On behalf of the Board of Di
rectors of the Stanford Convales
cent Home we beg the hospitality of
your columns to thank the students
of the University for their work
and labor of love in the appeal for
funds and in organizing Labor Day.
I wish I could mention by name the
chairmen of all committees. That,
however, would overtax your good
nature. But they would, I am sure,
agree with us in applauding Ben
nie Craft, Stanford Steinbeck, and
Mary Barstow for their leadership.
To everyone who contributed to
ward the handsome sum gathered in
response to the appeal for our main
tenance budget of $37,000 for the
year we also give hearty thanks.
The whole experience is a fine
demonstration of the true Stanford
spirit. And may we thank you, sir,
for your support of this gracious
work for our sick and crippled
children."
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily Dr. Charles Gardner and Pro
fessor J. P. Mitchell, of the Board
of Directors of the Stanford Con
valescent Home, express their
thanks to the students of the Uni
versity for their work in putting
across this year's Fund Campaign
and Labor Day.
The letter is as follows:
"On behalf of the Board of Di
rectors of the Stanford Convales
cent Home we beg the hospitality of
your columns to thank the students
of the University for their work
and labor of love in the appeal for
funds and in organizing Labor Day.
I wish I could mention by name the
chairmen of all committees. That,
however, would overtax your good
nature. But they would, I am sure,
agree with us in applauding Ben
nie Craft, Stanford Steinbeck, and
Mary Barstow for their leadership.
To everyone who contributed to
ward the handsome sum gathered in
response to the appeal for our main
tenance budget of $37,000 for the
year we also give hearty thanks.
The whole experience is a fine
demonstration of the true Stanford
spirit. And may we thank you, sir,
for your support of this gracious
work for our sick and crippled
children."
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily Dr. Charles Gardner and Pro
fessor J. P. Mitchell, of the Board
of Directors of the Stanford Con
valescent Home, express their
thanks to the students of the Uni
versity for their work in putting
across this year's Fund Campaign
and Labor Day.
The letter is as follows:
"On behalf of the Board of Di
rectors of the Stanford Convales
cent Home we beg the hospitality of
your columns to thank the students
of the University for their work
and labor of love in the appeal for
funds and in organizing Labor Day.
I wish I could mention by name the
chairmen of all committees. That,
however, would overtax your good
nature. But they would, I am sure,
agree with us in applauding Ben
nie Craft, Stanford Steinbeck, and
Mary Barstow for their leadership.
To everyone who contributed to
ward the handsome sum gathered in
response to the appeal for our main
tenance budget of $37,000 for the
year we also give hearty thanks.
The whole experience is a fine
demonstration of the true Stanford
spirit. And may we thank you, sir,
for your support of this gracious
work for our sick and crippled
children."
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily Dr. Charles Gardner and Pro
fessor J. P. Mitchell, of the Board
of Directors of the Stanford Con
valescent Home, express their
thanks to the students of the Uni
versity for their work in putting
across this year's Fund Campaign
and Labor Day.
The letter is as follows:
"On behalf of the Board of Di
rectors of the Stanford Convales
cent Home we beg the hospitality of
your columns to thank the students
of the University for their work
and labor of love in the appeal for
funds and in organizing Labor Day.
I wish I could mention by name the
chairmen of all committees. That,
however, would overtax your good
nature. But they would, I am sure,
agree with us in applauding Ben
nie Craft, Stanford Steinbeck, and
Mary Barstow for their leadership.
To everyone who contributed to
ward the handsome sum gathered in
response to the appeal for our main
tenance budget of $37,000 for the
year we also give hearty thanks.
The whole experience is a fine
demonstration of the true Stanford
spirit. And may we thank you, sir,
for your support of this gracious
work for our sick and crippled
children."
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily Dr. Charles Gardner and Pro
fessor J. P. Mitchell, of the Board
of Directors of the Stanford Con
valescent Home, express their
thanks to the students of the Uni
versity for their work in putting
across this year's Fund Campaign
and Labor Day.
The letter is as follows:
"On behalf of the Board of Di
rectors of the Stanford Convales
cent Home we beg the hospitality of
your columns to thank the students
of the University for their work
and labor of love in the appeal for
funds and in organizing Labor Day.
I wish I could mention by name the
chairmen of all committees. That,
however, would overtax your good
nature. But they would, I am sure,
agree with us in applauding Ben
nie Craft, Stanford Steinbeck, and
Mary Barstow for their leadership.
To everyone who contributed to
ward the handsome sum gathered in
response to the appeal for our main
tenance budget of $37,000 for the
year we also give hearty thanks.
The whole experience is a fine
demonstration of the true Stanford
spirit. And may we thank you, sir,
for your support of this gracious
work for our sick and crippled
children."
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily Dr. Charles Gardner and Pro
fessor J. P. Mitchell, of the Board
of Directors of the Stanford Con
valescent Home, express their
thanks to the students of the Uni
versity for their work in putting
across this year's Fund Campaign
and Labor Day.
The letter is as follows:
"On behalf of the Board of Di
rectors of the Stanford Convales
cent Home we beg the hospitality of
your columns to thank the students
of the University for their work
and labor of love in the appeal for
funds and in organizing Labor Day.
I wish I could mention by name the
chairmen of all committees. That,
however, would overtax your good
nature. But they would, I am sure,
agree with us in applauding Ben
nie Craft, Stanford Steinbeck, and
Mary Barstow for their leadership.
To everyone who contributed to
ward the handsome sum gathered in
response to the appeal for our main
tenance budget of $37,000 for the
year we also give hearty thanks.
The whole experience is a fine
demonstration of the true Stanford
spirit. And may we thank you, sir,
for your support of this gracious
work for our sick and crippled
children."
