# Women Choose Athletic Committees.
## 
### 
At the meeting of the officers and
directors of the Women's Athletic
.\ssociation, the following comr.iii
tees were appointed: Tennis, Miss
l'.lise Dwen, '07. chairman; Miss May
Dunn, '08; Miss Lucy Howell, '08;
basket hall: Miss M. Monteith, '08,
chairman, Miss Ruth Lewis, '09, Miss
Beatrice Maine, '09; rowing: Miss
Mvra Sinclair, '00, chairman, Miss
Lavina hay, '10, Miss Frances Honk
ing. '09.
Miss May Dunn was chosen to rep
reesnt the Association in the Presi
dent's Conference of Young Women.
At the meeting of the officers and
directors of the Women's Athletic
.\ssociation, the following comr.iii
tees were appointed: Tennis, Miss
l'.lise Dwen, '07. chairman; Miss May
Dunn, '08; Miss Lucy Howell, '08;
basket hall: Miss M. Monteith, '08,
chairman, Miss Ruth Lewis, '09, Miss
Beatrice Maine, '09; rowing: Miss
Mvra Sinclair, '00, chairman, Miss
Lavina hay, '10, Miss Frances Honk
ing. '09.
Miss May Dunn was chosen to rep
reesnt the Association in the Presi
dent's Conference of Young Women.
At the meeting of the officers and
directors of the Women's Athletic
.\ssociation, the following comr.iii
tees were appointed: Tennis, Miss
l'.lise Dwen, '07. chairman; Miss May
Dunn, '08; Miss Lucy Howell, '08;
basket hall: Miss M. Monteith, '08,
chairman, Miss Ruth Lewis, '09, Miss
Beatrice Maine, '09; rowing: Miss
Mvra Sinclair, '00, chairman, Miss
Lavina hay, '10, Miss Frances Honk
ing. '09.
Miss May Dunn was chosen to rep
reesnt the Association in the Presi
dent's Conference of Young Women.
At the meeting of the officers and
directors of the Women's Athletic
.\ssociation, the following comr.iii
tees were appointed: Tennis, Miss
l'.lise Dwen, '07. chairman; Miss May
Dunn, '08; Miss Lucy Howell, '08;
basket hall: Miss M. Monteith, '08,
chairman, Miss Ruth Lewis, '09, Miss
Beatrice Maine, '09; rowing: Miss
Mvra Sinclair, '00, chairman, Miss
Lavina hay, '10, Miss Frances Honk
ing. '09.
Miss May Dunn was chosen to rep
reesnt the Association in the Presi
dent's Conference of Young Women.
At the meeting of the officers and
directors of the Women's Athletic
.\ssociation, the following comr.iii
tees were appointed: Tennis, Miss
l'.lise Dwen, '07. chairman; Miss May
Dunn, '08; Miss Lucy Howell, '08;
basket hall: Miss M. Monteith, '08,
chairman, Miss Ruth Lewis, '09, Miss
Beatrice Maine, '09; rowing: Miss
Mvra Sinclair, '00, chairman, Miss
Lavina hay, '10, Miss Frances Honk
ing. '09.
Miss May Dunn was chosen to rep
reesnt the Association in the Presi
dent's Conference of Young Women.
At the meeting of the officers and
directors of the Women's Athletic
.\ssociation, the following comr.iii
tees were appointed: Tennis, Miss
l'.lise Dwen, '07. chairman; Miss May
Dunn, '08; Miss Lucy Howell, '08;
basket hall: Miss M. Monteith, '08,
chairman, Miss Ruth Lewis, '09, Miss
Beatrice Maine, '09; rowing: Miss
Mvra Sinclair, '00, chairman, Miss
Lavina hay, '10, Miss Frances Honk
ing. '09.
Miss May Dunn was chosen to rep
reesnt the Association in the Presi
dent's Conference of Young Women.
At the meeting of the officers and
directors of the Women's Athletic
.\ssociation, the following comr.iii
tees were appointed: Tennis, Miss
l'.lise Dwen, '07. chairman; Miss May
Dunn, '08; Miss Lucy Howell, '08;
basket hall: Miss M. Monteith, '08,
chairman, Miss Ruth Lewis, '09, Miss
Beatrice Maine, '09; rowing: Miss
Mvra Sinclair, '00, chairman, Miss
Lavina hay, '10, Miss Frances Honk
ing. '09.
Miss May Dunn was chosen to rep
reesnt the Association in the Presi
dent's Conference of Young Women.
At the meeting of the officers and
directors of the Women's Athletic
.\ssociation, the following comr.iii
tees were appointed: Tennis, Miss
l'.lise Dwen, '07. chairman; Miss May
Dunn, '08; Miss Lucy Howell, '08;
basket hall: Miss M. Monteith, '08,
chairman, Miss Ruth Lewis, '09, Miss
Beatrice Maine, '09; rowing: Miss
Mvra Sinclair, '00, chairman, Miss
Lavina hay, '10, Miss Frances Honk
ing. '09.
Miss May Dunn was chosen to rep
reesnt the Association in the Presi
dent's Conference of Young Women.
