# Tennis clinic
## 
### 
The Stanford Varsity ten
nis team will present a clinic
and exhibition next Sunday,
May 14, at Mountain View's
Cuesta Park at 1 p.m.
Proceeds will be turned
over to the American Nar
colepsy Association, ac
cording to varsity player
Peter Rennert.
Following the clinic, a
doubles exhibition will
match John McEnroe and
Rennert against Matt Mitch
ell and Perry Wright.
Narcolepsy is a sleep dis
order, characterized by two
main symptoms — exces
sive daytime sleepiness and
cataplexy, complete and
sudden loss of muscle con
trol.
Tickets are $5 for adults,
$2 for students and $1 for
children 12-years-old and
younger, and can be ob
tained by sendingacheck to
the ANA, Sleep Disorder
Center, TD 114, Stanford
Medical School.
The Stanford Varsity ten
nis team will present a clinic
and exhibition next Sunday,
May 14, at Mountain View's
Cuesta Park at 1 p.m.
Proceeds will be turned
over to the American Nar
colepsy Association, ac
cording to varsity player
Peter Rennert.
Following the clinic, a
doubles exhibition will
match John McEnroe and
Rennert against Matt Mitch
ell and Perry Wright.
Narcolepsy is a sleep dis
order, characterized by two
main symptoms — exces
sive daytime sleepiness and
cataplexy, complete and
sudden loss of muscle con
trol.
Tickets are $5 for adults,
$2 for students and $1 for
children 12-years-old and
younger, and can be ob
tained by sendingacheck to
the ANA, Sleep Disorder
Center, TD 114, Stanford
Medical School.
The Stanford Varsity ten
nis team will present a clinic
and exhibition next Sunday,
May 14, at Mountain View's
Cuesta Park at 1 p.m.
Proceeds will be turned
over to the American Nar
colepsy Association, ac
cording to varsity player
Peter Rennert.
Following the clinic, a
doubles exhibition will
match John McEnroe and
Rennert against Matt Mitch
ell and Perry Wright.
Narcolepsy is a sleep dis
order, characterized by two
main symptoms — exces
sive daytime sleepiness and
cataplexy, complete and
sudden loss of muscle con
trol.
Tickets are $5 for adults,
$2 for students and $1 for
children 12-years-old and
younger, and can be ob
tained by sendingacheck to
the ANA, Sleep Disorder
Center, TD 114, Stanford
Medical School.
The Stanford Varsity ten
nis team will present a clinic
and exhibition next Sunday,
May 14, at Mountain View's
Cuesta Park at 1 p.m.
Proceeds will be turned
over to the American Nar
colepsy Association, ac
cording to varsity player
Peter Rennert.
Following the clinic, a
doubles exhibition will
match John McEnroe and
Rennert against Matt Mitch
ell and Perry Wright.
Narcolepsy is a sleep dis
order, characterized by two
main symptoms — exces
sive daytime sleepiness and
cataplexy, complete and
sudden loss of muscle con
trol.
Tickets are $5 for adults,
$2 for students and $1 for
children 12-years-old and
younger, and can be ob
tained by sendingacheck to
the ANA, Sleep Disorder
Center, TD 114, Stanford
Medical School.
The Stanford Varsity ten
nis team will present a clinic
and exhibition next Sunday,
May 14, at Mountain View's
Cuesta Park at 1 p.m.
Proceeds will be turned
over to the American Nar
colepsy Association, ac
cording to varsity player
Peter Rennert.
Following the clinic, a
doubles exhibition will
match John McEnroe and
Rennert against Matt Mitch
ell and Perry Wright.
Narcolepsy is a sleep dis
order, characterized by two
main symptoms — exces
sive daytime sleepiness and
cataplexy, complete and
sudden loss of muscle con
trol.
Tickets are $5 for adults,
$2 for students and $1 for
children 12-years-old and
younger, and can be ob
tained by sendingacheck to
the ANA, Sleep Disorder
Center, TD 114, Stanford
Medical School.
The Stanford Varsity ten
nis team will present a clinic
and exhibition next Sunday,
May 14, at Mountain View's
Cuesta Park at 1 p.m.
Proceeds will be turned
over to the American Nar
colepsy Association, ac
cording to varsity player
Peter Rennert.
Following the clinic, a
doubles exhibition will
match John McEnroe and
Rennert against Matt Mitch
ell and Perry Wright.
Narcolepsy is a sleep dis
order, characterized by two
main symptoms — exces
sive daytime sleepiness and
cataplexy, complete and
sudden loss of muscle con
trol.
Tickets are $5 for adults,
$2 for students and $1 for
children 12-years-old and
younger, and can be ob
tained by sendingacheck to
the ANA, Sleep Disorder
Center, TD 114, Stanford
Medical School.
The Stanford Varsity ten
nis team will present a clinic
and exhibition next Sunday,
May 14, at Mountain View's
Cuesta Park at 1 p.m.
Proceeds will be turned
over to the American Nar
colepsy Association, ac
cording to varsity player
Peter Rennert.
Following the clinic, a
doubles exhibition will
match John McEnroe and
Rennert against Matt Mitch
ell and Perry Wright.
Narcolepsy is a sleep dis
order, characterized by two
main symptoms — exces
sive daytime sleepiness and
cataplexy, complete and
sudden loss of muscle con
trol.
Tickets are $5 for adults,
$2 for students and $1 for
children 12-years-old and
younger, and can be ob
tained by sendingacheck to
the ANA, Sleep Disorder
Center, TD 114, Stanford
Medical School.
The Stanford Varsity ten
nis team will present a clinic
and exhibition next Sunday,
May 14, at Mountain View's
Cuesta Park at 1 p.m.
Proceeds will be turned
over to the American Nar
colepsy Association, ac
cording to varsity player
Peter Rennert.
Following the clinic, a
doubles exhibition will
match John McEnroe and
Rennert against Matt Mitch
ell and Perry Wright.
Narcolepsy is a sleep dis
order, characterized by two
main symptoms — exces
sive daytime sleepiness and
cataplexy, complete and
sudden loss of muscle con
trol.
Tickets are $5 for adults,
$2 for students and $1 for
children 12-years-old and
younger, and can be ob
tained by sendingacheck to
the ANA, Sleep Disorder
Center, TD 114, Stanford
Medical School.
