# Adv. 53 Page 18
## 
### 
The
Grapes
Stakes
Dialogue
Grape Workers
and
Farmers Coalition
United Farm
Workers
Moderator:
Professor Luis Fraga
Wednesday, Nov. 10
8:00 PM
Tresidder Oak West
Please note that the
location has been changed
from Kresge to Tresidder!!
The
Grapes
Stakes
Dialogue
Grape Workers
and
Farmers Coalition
United Farm
Workers
Moderator:
Professor Luis Fraga
Wednesday, Nov. 10
8:00 PM
Tresidder Oak West
Please note that the
location has been changed
from Kresge to Tresidder!!
The
Grapes
Stakes
Dialogue
Grape Workers
and
Farmers Coalition
United Farm
Workers
Moderator:
Professor Luis Fraga
Wednesday, Nov. 10
8:00 PM
Tresidder Oak West
Please note that the
location has been changed
from Kresge to Tresidder!!
The
Grapes
Stakes
Dialogue
Grape Workers
and
Farmers Coalition
United Farm
Workers
Moderator:
Professor Luis Fraga
Wednesday, Nov. 10
8:00 PM
Tresidder Oak West
Please note that the
location has been changed
from Kresge to Tresidder!!
The
Grapes
Stakes
Dialogue
Grape Workers
and
Farmers Coalition
United Farm
Workers
Moderator:
Professor Luis Fraga
Wednesday, Nov. 10
8:00 PM
Tresidder Oak West
Please note that the
location has been changed
from Kresge to Tresidder!!
The
Grapes
Stakes
Dialogue
Grape Workers
and
Farmers Coalition
United Farm
Workers
Moderator:
Professor Luis Fraga
Wednesday, Nov. 10
8:00 PM
Tresidder Oak West
Please note that the
location has been changed
from Kresge to Tresidder!!
