# Zoological Club Meeting.
## 
### 
At the meeting of the Zoological
Club hist evening Cloud Rut.ter.gr.,
gave the principal talk of the even
ing on (he different forms of animal
life to be found on the rocks and
beaches at Half Moon Bay. G. 11.
Culver, '97, also gave a talk on
some collecting done in Tulare
county last summer.
At the meeting of the Zoological
Club hist evening Cloud Rut.ter.gr.,
gave the principal talk of the even
ing on (he different forms of animal
life to be found on the rocks and
beaches at Half Moon Bay. G. 11.
Culver, '97, also gave a talk on
some collecting done in Tulare
county last summer.
At the meeting of the Zoological
Club hist evening Cloud Rut.ter.gr.,
gave the principal talk of the even
ing on (he different forms of animal
life to be found on the rocks and
beaches at Half Moon Bay. G. 11.
Culver, '97, also gave a talk on
some collecting done in Tulare
county last summer.
At the meeting of the Zoological
Club hist evening Cloud Rut.ter.gr.,
gave the principal talk of the even
ing on (he different forms of animal
life to be found on the rocks and
beaches at Half Moon Bay. G. 11.
Culver, '97, also gave a talk on
some collecting done in Tulare
county last summer.
