# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The noticeable improvement in
football practice last evening was
encouraging as showing that the
players are imbibing some of the
suggestions and directions of the
coach. A great fault up to the
present time consisted in the ap
parently slight desire of the men to
do anything beyond holding the
opposing player. Camp says,
"There is no more efficient method
for spoiling a trick play or de
moralizing an opposing line than
smashing through the rushers."
This idea seemed to characterize
last evening's play to a consider
able extent. The tardiness in giv
ing signals and in lining up after
a scrimmage, however, deserves at
tention ; every effort should be
made to quicken the playing.
Rapid work will often do wonders
in a game, and the fact that Berke
ley's play is to be unusually fast
this year should awaken Stanford
players to every effort tending
toward a more vigorous, snappy
game.
The noticeable improvement in
football practice last evening was
encouraging as showing that the
players are imbibing some of the
suggestions and directions of the
coach. A great fault up to the
present time consisted in the ap
parently slight desire of the men to
do anything beyond holding the
opposing player. Camp says,
"There is no more efficient method
for spoiling a trick play or de
moralizing an opposing line than
smashing through the rushers."
This idea seemed to characterize
last evening's play to a consider
able extent. The tardiness in giv
ing signals and in lining up after
a scrimmage, however, deserves at
tention ; every effort should be
made to quicken the playing.
Rapid work will often do wonders
in a game, and the fact that Berke
ley's play is to be unusually fast
this year should awaken Stanford
players to every effort tending
toward a more vigorous, snappy
game.
The noticeable improvement in
football practice last evening was
encouraging as showing that the
players are imbibing some of the
suggestions and directions of the
coach. A great fault up to the
present time consisted in the ap
parently slight desire of the men to
do anything beyond holding the
opposing player. Camp says,
"There is no more efficient method
for spoiling a trick play or de
moralizing an opposing line than
smashing through the rushers."
This idea seemed to characterize
last evening's play to a consider
able extent. The tardiness in giv
ing signals and in lining up after
a scrimmage, however, deserves at
tention ; every effort should be
made to quicken the playing.
Rapid work will often do wonders
in a game, and the fact that Berke
ley's play is to be unusually fast
this year should awaken Stanford
players to every effort tending
toward a more vigorous, snappy
game.
The noticeable improvement in
football practice last evening was
encouraging as showing that the
players are imbibing some of the
suggestions and directions of the
coach. A great fault up to the
present time consisted in the ap
parently slight desire of the men to
do anything beyond holding the
opposing player. Camp says,
"There is no more efficient method
for spoiling a trick play or de
moralizing an opposing line than
smashing through the rushers."
This idea seemed to characterize
last evening's play to a consider
able extent. The tardiness in giv
ing signals and in lining up after
a scrimmage, however, deserves at
tention ; every effort should be
made to quicken the playing.
Rapid work will often do wonders
in a game, and the fact that Berke
ley's play is to be unusually fast
this year should awaken Stanford
players to every effort tending
toward a more vigorous, snappy
game.
