# Untitled Article
## 
### 

The practical potentialities of
applied Christianity will be the
theme of a Christian Science lec
ture to be given by Henry Allen
Nichols of Los Angeles, California,
in the First Church of Christ Sci
entist on the corner of Forest end
Bryant Streets at 8:00 p.m., Thurs
day, May 1.
Mr. Nichols' local appearance is
being sponsored by members of
Christian Science Organization at
Stanford, who have invited the pub
lic to attend without charge. The
lecturer's subject will be: "The
Love and Logic of Christian Science
Healing."
Now on a nation-wide lecture
tour, Mr. Nichols is a member of
The Christian Science Board of
Lectureship of The Mother Church,
The First Church of Christ, Scien
tist, in Boston, Mass.
He has been active in education
both as a teacher as well as a rep
resentative of a publisher of text
books for colleges and universities.
During World War I he received the
Croix de Guerre for action in the
United States Army Ambulance
Service attached to the French
Army. He was a Christian Science
Wartime Minister during World
War 11, and has been in the public
practice of Christian S.ience heal
ing since 1 926.

The practical potentialities of
applied Christianity will be the
theme of a Christian Science lec
ture to be given by Henry Allen
Nichols of Los Angeles, California,
in the First Church of Christ Sci
entist on the corner of Forest end
Bryant Streets at 8:00 p.m., Thurs
day, May 1.
Mr. Nichols' local appearance is
being sponsored by members of
Christian Science Organization at
Stanford, who have invited the pub
lic to attend without charge. The
lecturer's subject will be: "The
Love and Logic of Christian Science
Healing."
Now on a nation-wide lecture
tour, Mr. Nichols is a member of
The Christian Science Board of
Lectureship of The Mother Church,
The First Church of Christ, Scien
tist, in Boston, Mass.
He has been active in education
both as a teacher as well as a rep
resentative of a publisher of text
books for colleges and universities.
During World War I he received the
Croix de Guerre for action in the
United States Army Ambulance
Service attached to the French
Army. He was a Christian Science
Wartime Minister during World
War 11, and has been in the public
practice of Christian S.ience heal
ing since 1 926.

The practical potentialities of
applied Christianity will be the
theme of a Christian Science lec
ture to be given by Henry Allen
Nichols of Los Angeles, California,
in the First Church of Christ Sci
entist on the corner of Forest end
Bryant Streets at 8:00 p.m., Thurs
day, May 1.
Mr. Nichols' local appearance is
being sponsored by members of
Christian Science Organization at
Stanford, who have invited the pub
lic to attend without charge. The
lecturer's subject will be: "The
Love and Logic of Christian Science
Healing."
Now on a nation-wide lecture
tour, Mr. Nichols is a member of
The Christian Science Board of
Lectureship of The Mother Church,
The First Church of Christ, Scien
tist, in Boston, Mass.
He has been active in education
both as a teacher as well as a rep
resentative of a publisher of text
books for colleges and universities.
During World War I he received the
Croix de Guerre for action in the
United States Army Ambulance
Service attached to the French
Army. He was a Christian Science
Wartime Minister during World
War 11, and has been in the public
practice of Christian S.ience heal
ing since 1 926.

The practical potentialities of
applied Christianity will be the
theme of a Christian Science lec
ture to be given by Henry Allen
Nichols of Los Angeles, California,
in the First Church of Christ Sci
entist on the corner of Forest end
Bryant Streets at 8:00 p.m., Thurs
day, May 1.
Mr. Nichols' local appearance is
being sponsored by members of
Christian Science Organization at
Stanford, who have invited the pub
lic to attend without charge. The
lecturer's subject will be: "The
Love and Logic of Christian Science
Healing."
Now on a nation-wide lecture
tour, Mr. Nichols is a member of
The Christian Science Board of
Lectureship of The Mother Church,
The First Church of Christ, Scien
tist, in Boston, Mass.
He has been active in education
both as a teacher as well as a rep
resentative of a publisher of text
books for colleges and universities.
During World War I he received the
Croix de Guerre for action in the
United States Army Ambulance
Service attached to the French
Army. He was a Christian Science
Wartime Minister during World
War 11, and has been in the public
practice of Christian S.ience heal
ing since 1 926.

The practical potentialities of
applied Christianity will be the
theme of a Christian Science lec
ture to be given by Henry Allen
Nichols of Los Angeles, California,
in the First Church of Christ Sci
entist on the corner of Forest end
Bryant Streets at 8:00 p.m., Thurs
day, May 1.
Mr. Nichols' local appearance is
being sponsored by members of
Christian Science Organization at
Stanford, who have invited the pub
lic to attend without charge. The
lecturer's subject will be: "The
Love and Logic of Christian Science
Healing."
Now on a nation-wide lecture
tour, Mr. Nichols is a member of
The Christian Science Board of
Lectureship of The Mother Church,
The First Church of Christ, Scien
tist, in Boston, Mass.
He has been active in education
both as a teacher as well as a rep
resentative of a publisher of text
books for colleges and universities.
During World War I he received the
Croix de Guerre for action in the
United States Army Ambulance
Service attached to the French
Army. He was a Christian Science
Wartime Minister during World
War 11, and has been in the public
practice of Christian S.ience heal
ing since 1 926.

The practical potentialities of
applied Christianity will be the
theme of a Christian Science lec
ture to be given by Henry Allen
Nichols of Los Angeles, California,
in the First Church of Christ Sci
entist on the corner of Forest end
Bryant Streets at 8:00 p.m., Thurs
day, May 1.
Mr. Nichols' local appearance is
being sponsored by members of
Christian Science Organization at
Stanford, who have invited the pub
lic to attend without charge. The
lecturer's subject will be: "The
Love and Logic of Christian Science
Healing."
Now on a nation-wide lecture
tour, Mr. Nichols is a member of
The Christian Science Board of
Lectureship of The Mother Church,
The First Church of Christ, Scien
tist, in Boston, Mass.
He has been active in education
both as a teacher as well as a rep
resentative of a publisher of text
books for colleges and universities.
During World War I he received the
Croix de Guerre for action in the
United States Army Ambulance
Service attached to the French
Army. He was a Christian Science
Wartime Minister during World
War 11, and has been in the public
practice of Christian S.ience heal
ing since 1 926.

The practical potentialities of
applied Christianity will be the
theme of a Christian Science lec
ture to be given by Henry Allen
Nichols of Los Angeles, California,
in the First Church of Christ Sci
entist on the corner of Forest end
Bryant Streets at 8:00 p.m., Thurs
day, May 1.
Mr. Nichols' local appearance is
being sponsored by members of
Christian Science Organization at
Stanford, who have invited the pub
lic to attend without charge. The
lecturer's subject will be: "The
Love and Logic of Christian Science
Healing."
Now on a nation-wide lecture
tour, Mr. Nichols is a member of
The Christian Science Board of
Lectureship of The Mother Church,
The First Church of Christ, Scien
tist, in Boston, Mass.
He has been active in education
both as a teacher as well as a rep
resentative of a publisher of text
books for colleges and universities.
During World War I he received the
Croix de Guerre for action in the
United States Army Ambulance
Service attached to the French
Army. He was a Christian Science
Wartime Minister during World
War 11, and has been in the public
practice of Christian S.ience heal
ing since 1 926.

The practical potentialities of
applied Christianity will be the
theme of a Christian Science lec
ture to be given by Henry Allen
Nichols of Los Angeles, California,
in the First Church of Christ Sci
entist on the corner of Forest end
Bryant Streets at 8:00 p.m., Thurs
day, May 1.
Mr. Nichols' local appearance is
being sponsored by members of
Christian Science Organization at
Stanford, who have invited the pub
lic to attend without charge. The
lecturer's subject will be: "The
Love and Logic of Christian Science
Healing."
Now on a nation-wide lecture
tour, Mr. Nichols is a member of
The Christian Science Board of
Lectureship of The Mother Church,
The First Church of Christ, Scien
tist, in Boston, Mass.
He has been active in education
both as a teacher as well as a rep
resentative of a publisher of text
books for colleges and universities.
During World War I he received the
Croix de Guerre for action in the
United States Army Ambulance
Service attached to the French
Army. He was a Christian Science
Wartime Minister during World
War 11, and has been in the public
practice of Christian S.ience heal
ing since 1 926.

The practical potentialities of
applied Christianity will be the
theme of a Christian Science lec
ture to be given by Henry Allen
Nichols of Los Angeles, California,
in the First Church of Christ Sci
entist on the corner of Forest end
Bryant Streets at 8:00 p.m., Thurs
day, May 1.
Mr. Nichols' local appearance is
being sponsored by members of
Christian Science Organization at
Stanford, who have invited the pub
lic to attend without charge. The
lecturer's subject will be: "The
Love and Logic of Christian Science
Healing."
Now on a nation-wide lecture
tour, Mr. Nichols is a member of
The Christian Science Board of
Lectureship of The Mother Church,
The First Church of Christ, Scien
tist, in Boston, Mass.
He has been active in education
both as a teacher as well as a rep
resentative of a publisher of text
books for colleges and universities.
During World War I he received the
Croix de Guerre for action in the
United States Army Ambulance
Service attached to the French
Army. He was a Christian Science
Wartime Minister during World
War 11, and has been in the public
practice of Christian S.ience heal
ing since 1 926.

The practical potentialities of
applied Christianity will be the
theme of a Christian Science lec
ture to be given by Henry Allen
Nichols of Los Angeles, California,
in the First Church of Christ Sci
entist on the corner of Forest end
Bryant Streets at 8:00 p.m., Thurs
day, May 1.
Mr. Nichols' local appearance is
being sponsored by members of
Christian Science Organization at
Stanford, who have invited the pub
lic to attend without charge. The
lecturer's subject will be: "The
Love and Logic of Christian Science
Healing."
Now on a nation-wide lecture
tour, Mr. Nichols is a member of
The Christian Science Board of
Lectureship of The Mother Church,
The First Church of Christ, Scien
tist, in Boston, Mass.
He has been active in education
both as a teacher as well as a rep
resentative of a publisher of text
books for colleges and universities.
During World War I he received the
Croix de Guerre for action in the
United States Army Ambulance
Service attached to the French
Army. He was a Christian Science
Wartime Minister during World
War 11, and has been in the public
practice of Christian S.ience heal
ing since 1 926.

The practical potentialities of
applied Christianity will be the
theme of a Christian Science lec
ture to be given by Henry Allen
Nichols of Los Angeles, California,
in the First Church of Christ Sci
entist on the corner of Forest end
Bryant Streets at 8:00 p.m., Thurs
day, May 1.
Mr. Nichols' local appearance is
being sponsored by members of
Christian Science Organization at
Stanford, who have invited the pub
lic to attend without charge. The
lecturer's subject will be: "The
Love and Logic of Christian Science
Healing."
Now on a nation-wide lecture
tour, Mr. Nichols is a member of
The Christian Science Board of
Lectureship of The Mother Church,
The First Church of Christ, Scien
tist, in Boston, Mass.
He has been active in education
both as a teacher as well as a rep
resentative of a publisher of text
books for colleges and universities.
During World War I he received the
Croix de Guerre for action in the
United States Army Ambulance
Service attached to the French
Army. He was a Christian Science
Wartime Minister during World
War 11, and has been in the public
practice of Christian S.ience heal
ing since 1 926.

The practical potentialities of
applied Christianity will be the
theme of a Christian Science lec
ture to be given by Henry Allen
Nichols of Los Angeles, California,
in the First Church of Christ Sci
entist on the corner of Forest end
Bryant Streets at 8:00 p.m., Thurs
day, May 1.
Mr. Nichols' local appearance is
being sponsored by members of
Christian Science Organization at
Stanford, who have invited the pub
lic to attend without charge. The
lecturer's subject will be: "The
Love and Logic of Christian Science
Healing."
Now on a nation-wide lecture
tour, Mr. Nichols is a member of
The Christian Science Board of
Lectureship of The Mother Church,
The First Church of Christ, Scien
tist, in Boston, Mass.
He has been active in education
both as a teacher as well as a rep
resentative of a publisher of text
books for colleges and universities.
During World War I he received the
Croix de Guerre for action in the
United States Army Ambulance
Service attached to the French
Army. He was a Christian Science
Wartime Minister during World
War 11, and has been in the public
practice of Christian S.ience heal
ing since 1 926.

The practical potentialities of
applied Christianity will be the
theme of a Christian Science lec
ture to be given by Henry Allen
Nichols of Los Angeles, California,
in the First Church of Christ Sci
entist on the corner of Forest end
Bryant Streets at 8:00 p.m., Thurs
day, May 1.
Mr. Nichols' local appearance is
being sponsored by members of
Christian Science Organization at
Stanford, who have invited the pub
lic to attend without charge. The
lecturer's subject will be: "The
Love and Logic of Christian Science
Healing."
Now on a nation-wide lecture
tour, Mr. Nichols is a member of
The Christian Science Board of
Lectureship of The Mother Church,
The First Church of Christ, Scien
tist, in Boston, Mass.
He has been active in education
both as a teacher as well as a rep
resentative of a publisher of text
books for colleges and universities.
During World War I he received the
Croix de Guerre for action in the
United States Army Ambulance
Service attached to the French
Army. He was a Christian Science
Wartime Minister during World
War 11, and has been in the public
practice of Christian S.ience heal
ing since 1 926.

The practical potentialities of
applied Christianity will be the
theme of a Christian Science lec
ture to be given by Henry Allen
Nichols of Los Angeles, California,
in the First Church of Christ Sci
entist on the corner of Forest end
Bryant Streets at 8:00 p.m., Thurs
day, May 1.
Mr. Nichols' local appearance is
being sponsored by members of
Christian Science Organization at
Stanford, who have invited the pub
lic to attend without charge. The
lecturer's subject will be: "The
Love and Logic of Christian Science
Healing."
Now on a nation-wide lecture
tour, Mr. Nichols is a member of
The Christian Science Board of
Lectureship of The Mother Church,
The First Church of Christ, Scien
tist, in Boston, Mass.
He has been active in education
both as a teacher as well as a rep
resentative of a publisher of text
books for colleges and universities.
During World War I he received the
Croix de Guerre for action in the
United States Army Ambulance
Service attached to the French
Army. He was a Christian Science
Wartime Minister during World
War 11, and has been in the public
practice of Christian S.ience heal
ing since 1 926.

The practical potentialities of
applied Christianity will be the
theme of a Christian Science lec
ture to be given by Henry Allen
Nichols of Los Angeles, California,
in the First Church of Christ Sci
entist on the corner of Forest end
Bryant Streets at 8:00 p.m., Thurs
day, May 1.
Mr. Nichols' local appearance is
being sponsored by members of
Christian Science Organization at
Stanford, who have invited the pub
lic to attend without charge. The
lecturer's subject will be: "The
Love and Logic of Christian Science
Healing."
Now on a nation-wide lecture
tour, Mr. Nichols is a member of
The Christian Science Board of
Lectureship of The Mother Church,
The First Church of Christ, Scien
tist, in Boston, Mass.
He has been active in education
both as a teacher as well as a rep
resentative of a publisher of text
books for colleges and universities.
During World War I he received the
Croix de Guerre for action in the
United States Army Ambulance
Service attached to the French
Army. He was a Christian Science
Wartime Minister during World
War 11, and has been in the public
practice of Christian S.ience heal
ing since 1 926.

The practical potentialities of
applied Christianity will be the
theme of a Christian Science lec
ture to be given by Henry Allen
Nichols of Los Angeles, California,
in the First Church of Christ Sci
entist on the corner of Forest end
Bryant Streets at 8:00 p.m., Thurs
day, May 1.
Mr. Nichols' local appearance is
being sponsored by members of
Christian Science Organization at
Stanford, who have invited the pub
lic to attend without charge. The
lecturer's subject will be: "The
Love and Logic of Christian Science
Healing."
Now on a nation-wide lecture
tour, Mr. Nichols is a member of
The Christian Science Board of
Lectureship of The Mother Church,
The First Church of Christ, Scien
tist, in Boston, Mass.
He has been active in education
both as a teacher as well as a rep
resentative of a publisher of text
books for colleges and universities.
During World War I he received the
Croix de Guerre for action in the
United States Army Ambulance
Service attached to the French
Army. He was a Christian Science
Wartime Minister during World
War 11, and has been in the public
practice of Christian S.ience heal
ing since 1 926.
