# HANK SANFORD
## 
### 
I'd like to present a few concrete
ideas without the usual campaign
embellishments: a pre - registration
program for transfers comparable to
that for freshmen; improved han
dling of housing of visiting teams
and bands; as little interference as
possible with individual organiza
tions by ASSU. In general, an ad
ministration not spectacular, but
conscientious and productive.

I'd like to present a few concrete
ideas without the usual campaign
embellishments: a pre - registration
program for transfers comparable to
that for freshmen; improved han
dling of housing of visiting teams
and bands; as little interference as
possible with individual organiza
tions by ASSU. In general, an ad
ministration not spectacular, but
conscientious and productive.

I'd like to present a few concrete
ideas without the usual campaign
embellishments: a pre - registration
program for transfers comparable to
that for freshmen; improved han
dling of housing of visiting teams
and bands; as little interference as
possible with individual organiza
tions by ASSU. In general, an ad
ministration not spectacular, but
conscientious and productive.

I'd like to present a few concrete
ideas without the usual campaign
embellishments: a pre - registration
program for transfers comparable to
that for freshmen; improved han
dling of housing of visiting teams
and bands; as little interference as
possible with individual organiza
tions by ASSU. In general, an ad
ministration not spectacular, but
conscientious and productive.

I'd like to present a few concrete
ideas without the usual campaign
embellishments: a pre - registration
program for transfers comparable to
that for freshmen; improved han
dling of housing of visiting teams
and bands; as little interference as
possible with individual organiza
tions by ASSU. In general, an ad
ministration not spectacular, but
conscientious and productive.

I'd like to present a few concrete
ideas without the usual campaign
embellishments: a pre - registration
program for transfers comparable to
that for freshmen; improved han
dling of housing of visiting teams
and bands; as little interference as
possible with individual organiza
tions by ASSU. In general, an ad
ministration not spectacular, but
conscientious and productive.

I'd like to present a few concrete
ideas without the usual campaign
embellishments: a pre - registration
program for transfers comparable to
that for freshmen; improved han
dling of housing of visiting teams
and bands; as little interference as
possible with individual organiza
tions by ASSU. In general, an ad
ministration not spectacular, but
conscientious and productive.

I'd like to present a few concrete
ideas without the usual campaign
embellishments: a pre - registration
program for transfers comparable to
that for freshmen; improved han
dling of housing of visiting teams
and bands; as little interference as
possible with individual organiza
tions by ASSU. In general, an ad
ministration not spectacular, but
conscientious and productive.

I'd like to present a few concrete
ideas without the usual campaign
embellishments: a pre - registration
program for transfers comparable to
that for freshmen; improved han
dling of housing of visiting teams
and bands; as little interference as
possible with individual organiza
tions by ASSU. In general, an ad
ministration not spectacular, but
conscientious and productive.

I'd like to present a few concrete
ideas without the usual campaign
embellishments: a pre - registration
program for transfers comparable to
that for freshmen; improved han
dling of housing of visiting teams
and bands; as little interference as
possible with individual organiza
tions by ASSU. In general, an ad
ministration not spectacular, but
conscientious and productive.

I'd like to present a few concrete
ideas without the usual campaign
embellishments: a pre - registration
program for transfers comparable to
that for freshmen; improved han
dling of housing of visiting teams
and bands; as little interference as
possible with individual organiza
tions by ASSU. In general, an ad
ministration not spectacular, but
conscientious and productive.

I'd like to present a few concrete
ideas without the usual campaign
embellishments: a pre - registration
program for transfers comparable to
that for freshmen; improved han
dling of housing of visiting teams
and bands; as little interference as
possible with individual organiza
tions by ASSU. In general, an ad
ministration not spectacular, but
conscientious and productive.

I'd like to present a few concrete
ideas without the usual campaign
embellishments: a pre - registration
program for transfers comparable to
that for freshmen; improved han
dling of housing of visiting teams
and bands; as little interference as
possible with individual organiza
tions by ASSU. In general, an ad
ministration not spectacular, but
conscientious and productive.

I'd like to present a few concrete
ideas without the usual campaign
embellishments: a pre - registration
program for transfers comparable to
that for freshmen; improved han
dling of housing of visiting teams
and bands; as little interference as
possible with individual organiza
tions by ASSU. In general, an ad
ministration not spectacular, but
conscientious and productive.

I'd like to present a few concrete
ideas without the usual campaign
embellishments: a pre - registration
program for transfers comparable to
that for freshmen; improved han
dling of housing of visiting teams
and bands; as little interference as
possible with individual organiza
tions by ASSU. In general, an ad
ministration not spectacular, but
conscientious and productive.

I'd like to present a few concrete
ideas without the usual campaign
embellishments: a pre - registration
program for transfers comparable to
that for freshmen; improved han
dling of housing of visiting teams
and bands; as little interference as
possible with individual organiza
tions by ASSU. In general, an ad
ministration not spectacular, but
conscientious and productive.

