# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
OfT-Campus Women announce the
engagement of Alice Steerc, '53, to
engagement of Beverly Gilhus, '52,
OfT-Campus Women announce the
engagement of Alice Steerc, '53, to
engagement of Beverly Gilhus, '52,
OfT-Campus Women announce the
engagement of Alice Steerc, '53, to
engagement of Beverly Gilhus, '52,
OfT-Campus Women announce the
engagement of Alice Steerc, '53, to
engagement of Beverly Gilhus, '52,
OfT-Campus Women announce the
engagement of Alice Steerc, '53, to
engagement of Beverly Gilhus, '52,
OfT-Campus Women announce the
engagement of Alice Steerc, '53, to
engagement of Beverly Gilhus, '52,
OfT-Campus Women announce the
engagement of Alice Steerc, '53, to
engagement of Beverly Gilhus, '52,
OfT-Campus Women announce the
engagement of Alice Steerc, '53, to
engagement of Beverly Gilhus, '52,
OfT-Campus Women announce the
engagement of Alice Steerc, '53, to
engagement of Beverly Gilhus, '52,
OfT-Campus Women announce the
engagement of Alice Steerc, '53, to
engagement of Beverly Gilhus, '52,
OfT-Campus Women announce the
engagement of Alice Steerc, '53, to
engagement of Beverly Gilhus, '52,
OfT-Campus Women announce the
engagement of Alice Steerc, '53, to
engagement of Beverly Gilhus, '52,
OfT-Campus Women announce the
engagement of Alice Steerc, '53, to
engagement of Beverly Gilhus, '52,
OfT-Campus Women announce the
engagement of Alice Steerc, '53, to
engagement of Beverly Gilhus, '52,
OfT-Campus Women announce the
engagement of Alice Steerc, '53, to
engagement of Beverly Gilhus, '52,
OfT-Campus Women announce the
engagement of Alice Steerc, '53, to
engagement of Beverly Gilhus, '52,
