# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Don't forget to sign up for the
Blood Bank when ten weeks have
gone by since your last donation;
somebody on Okinawa will be grate
ful!
Don't forget to sign up for the
Blood Bank when ten weeks have
gone by since your last donation;
somebody on Okinawa will be grate
ful!
Don't forget to sign up for the
Blood Bank when ten weeks have
gone by since your last donation;
somebody on Okinawa will be grate
ful!
Don't forget to sign up for the
Blood Bank when ten weeks have
gone by since your last donation;
somebody on Okinawa will be grate
ful!
Don't forget to sign up for the
Blood Bank when ten weeks have
gone by since your last donation;
somebody on Okinawa will be grate
ful!
Don't forget to sign up for the
Blood Bank when ten weeks have
gone by since your last donation;
somebody on Okinawa will be grate
ful!
Don't forget to sign up for the
Blood Bank when ten weeks have
gone by since your last donation;
somebody on Okinawa will be grate
ful!
Don't forget to sign up for the
Blood Bank when ten weeks have
gone by since your last donation;
somebody on Okinawa will be grate
ful!
Don't forget to sign up for the
Blood Bank when ten weeks have
gone by since your last donation;
somebody on Okinawa will be grate
ful!
Don't forget to sign up for the
Blood Bank when ten weeks have
gone by since your last donation;
somebody on Okinawa will be grate
ful!
Don't forget to sign up for the
Blood Bank when ten weeks have
gone by since your last donation;
somebody on Okinawa will be grate
ful!
Don't forget to sign up for the
Blood Bank when ten weeks have
gone by since your last donation;
somebody on Okinawa will be grate
ful!
Don't forget to sign up for the
Blood Bank when ten weeks have
gone by since your last donation;
somebody on Okinawa will be grate
ful!
Don't forget to sign up for the
Blood Bank when ten weeks have
gone by since your last donation;
somebody on Okinawa will be grate
ful!
Don't forget to sign up for the
Blood Bank when ten weeks have
gone by since your last donation;
somebody on Okinawa will be grate
ful!
