# Professor Arnautoff Exhibition Opens Stanford Art Gallery Autumn Season 2
## 
### 
Opening the fall season of the
Stanford Art Gallery is an exhibi
tion of oils and tempera paintings
hy Professor Victor Arnautoff.
One of the best-known artists of
the Cay Area, Professor Arnautoff
first attracted popular notice with
his murals in San Francisco's Coit
Tower on Telegraph Hill and at the
George Washington High School.
His murals are also in the San
Francisco Post Office and the post
offices in Richmond and Pacific
Grove. He is a foimer student of

Diego Rivera and attended the Cal
ifornia School of Fine Aits.
Included in the Arnautoff exhi
bition. which will be on view
through Oet. 14. are several of the
artist's drawings and lithographs.
On exhibit in the Gallery through
Oct. 1 are portraits by various art
ists of former Stanford presidents.
The Stanford Art Gallery is open
Tuesday through Saturday from 10
a.m. to 5 p.m and on Sunday., from
noon to \ p.m.
Opening the fall season of the
Stanford Art Gallery is an exhibi
tion of oils and tempera paintings
hy Professor Victor Arnautoff.
One of the best-known artists of
the Cay Area, Professor Arnautoff
first attracted popular notice with
his murals in San Francisco's Coit
Tower on Telegraph Hill and at the
George Washington High School.
His murals are also in the San
Francisco Post Office and the post
offices in Richmond and Pacific
Grove. He is a foimer student of

Diego Rivera and attended the Cal
ifornia School of Fine Aits.
Included in the Arnautoff exhi
bition. which will be on view
through Oet. 14. are several of the
artist's drawings and lithographs.
On exhibit in the Gallery through
Oct. 1 are portraits by various art
ists of former Stanford presidents.
The Stanford Art Gallery is open
Tuesday through Saturday from 10
a.m. to 5 p.m and on Sunday., from
noon to \ p.m.
Opening the fall season of the
Stanford Art Gallery is an exhibi
tion of oils and tempera paintings
hy Professor Victor Arnautoff.
One of the best-known artists of
the Cay Area, Professor Arnautoff
first attracted popular notice with
his murals in San Francisco's Coit
Tower on Telegraph Hill and at the
George Washington High School.
His murals are also in the San
Francisco Post Office and the post
offices in Richmond and Pacific
Grove. He is a foimer student of

Diego Rivera and attended the Cal
ifornia School of Fine Aits.
Included in the Arnautoff exhi
bition. which will be on view
through Oet. 14. are several of the
artist's drawings and lithographs.
On exhibit in the Gallery through
Oct. 1 are portraits by various art
ists of former Stanford presidents.
The Stanford Art Gallery is open
Tuesday through Saturday from 10
a.m. to 5 p.m and on Sunday., from
noon to \ p.m.
Opening the fall season of the
Stanford Art Gallery is an exhibi
tion of oils and tempera paintings
hy Professor Victor Arnautoff.
One of the best-known artists of
the Cay Area, Professor Arnautoff
first attracted popular notice with
his murals in San Francisco's Coit
Tower on Telegraph Hill and at the
George Washington High School.
His murals are also in the San
Francisco Post Office and the post
offices in Richmond and Pacific
Grove. He is a foimer student of

Diego Rivera and attended the Cal
ifornia School of Fine Aits.
Included in the Arnautoff exhi
bition. which will be on view
through Oet. 14. are several of the
artist's drawings and lithographs.
On exhibit in the Gallery through
Oct. 1 are portraits by various art
ists of former Stanford presidents.
The Stanford Art Gallery is open
Tuesday through Saturday from 10
a.m. to 5 p.m and on Sunday., from
noon to \ p.m.
Opening the fall season of the
Stanford Art Gallery is an exhibi
tion of oils and tempera paintings
hy Professor Victor Arnautoff.
One of the best-known artists of
the Cay Area, Professor Arnautoff
first attracted popular notice with
his murals in San Francisco's Coit
Tower on Telegraph Hill and at the
George Washington High School.
His murals are also in the San
Francisco Post Office and the post
offices in Richmond and Pacific
Grove. He is a foimer student of

Diego Rivera and attended the Cal
ifornia School of Fine Aits.
Included in the Arnautoff exhi
bition. which will be on view
through Oet. 14. are several of the
artist's drawings and lithographs.
On exhibit in the Gallery through
Oct. 1 are portraits by various art
ists of former Stanford presidents.
The Stanford Art Gallery is open
Tuesday through Saturday from 10
a.m. to 5 p.m and on Sunday., from
noon to \ p.m.
Opening the fall season of the
Stanford Art Gallery is an exhibi
tion of oils and tempera paintings
hy Professor Victor Arnautoff.
One of the best-known artists of
the Cay Area, Professor Arnautoff
first attracted popular notice with
his murals in San Francisco's Coit
Tower on Telegraph Hill and at the
George Washington High School.
His murals are also in the San
Francisco Post Office and the post
offices in Richmond and Pacific
Grove. He is a foimer student of

Diego Rivera and attended the Cal
ifornia School of Fine Aits.
Included in the Arnautoff exhi
bition. which will be on view
through Oet. 14. are several of the
artist's drawings and lithographs.
On exhibit in the Gallery through
Oct. 1 are portraits by various art
ists of former Stanford presidents.
The Stanford Art Gallery is open
Tuesday through Saturday from 10
a.m. to 5 p.m and on Sunday., from
noon to \ p.m.
Opening the fall season of the
Stanford Art Gallery is an exhibi
tion of oils and tempera paintings
hy Professor Victor Arnautoff.
One of the best-known artists of
the Cay Area, Professor Arnautoff
first attracted popular notice with
his murals in San Francisco's Coit
Tower on Telegraph Hill and at the
George Washington High School.
His murals are also in the San
Francisco Post Office and the post
offices in Richmond and Pacific
Grove. He is a foimer student of

Diego Rivera and attended the Cal
ifornia School of Fine Aits.
Included in the Arnautoff exhi
bition. which will be on view
through Oet. 14. are several of the
artist's drawings and lithographs.
On exhibit in the Gallery through
Oct. 1 are portraits by various art
ists of former Stanford presidents.
The Stanford Art Gallery is open
Tuesday through Saturday from 10
a.m. to 5 p.m and on Sunday., from
noon to \ p.m.
Opening the fall season of the
Stanford Art Gallery is an exhibi
tion of oils and tempera paintings
hy Professor Victor Arnautoff.
One of the best-known artists of
the Cay Area, Professor Arnautoff
first attracted popular notice with
his murals in San Francisco's Coit
Tower on Telegraph Hill and at the
George Washington High School.
His murals are also in the San
Francisco Post Office and the post
offices in Richmond and Pacific
Grove. He is a foimer student of

Diego Rivera and attended the Cal
ifornia School of Fine Aits.
Included in the Arnautoff exhi
bition. which will be on view
through Oet. 14. are several of the
artist's drawings and lithographs.
On exhibit in the Gallery through
Oct. 1 are portraits by various art
ists of former Stanford presidents.
The Stanford Art Gallery is open
Tuesday through Saturday from 10
a.m. to 5 p.m and on Sunday., from
noon to \ p.m.
Opening the fall season of the
Stanford Art Gallery is an exhibi
tion of oils and tempera paintings
hy Professor Victor Arnautoff.
One of the best-known artists of
the Cay Area, Professor Arnautoff
first attracted popular notice with
his murals in San Francisco's Coit
Tower on Telegraph Hill and at the
George Washington High School.
His murals are also in the San
Francisco Post Office and the post
offices in Richmond and Pacific
Grove. He is a foimer student of

Diego Rivera and attended the Cal
ifornia School of Fine Aits.
Included in the Arnautoff exhi
bition. which will be on view
through Oet. 14. are several of the
artist's drawings and lithographs.
On exhibit in the Gallery through
Oct. 1 are portraits by various art
ists of former Stanford presidents.
The Stanford Art Gallery is open
Tuesday through Saturday from 10
a.m. to 5 p.m and on Sunday., from
noon to \ p.m.
Opening the fall season of the
Stanford Art Gallery is an exhibi
tion of oils and tempera paintings
hy Professor Victor Arnautoff.
One of the best-known artists of
the Cay Area, Professor Arnautoff
first attracted popular notice with
his murals in San Francisco's Coit
Tower on Telegraph Hill and at the
George Washington High School.
His murals are also in the San
Francisco Post Office and the post
offices in Richmond and Pacific
Grove. He is a foimer student of

Diego Rivera and attended the Cal
ifornia School of Fine Aits.
Included in the Arnautoff exhi
bition. which will be on view
through Oet. 14. are several of the
artist's drawings and lithographs.
On exhibit in the Gallery through
Oct. 1 are portraits by various art
ists of former Stanford presidents.
The Stanford Art Gallery is open
Tuesday through Saturday from 10
a.m. to 5 p.m and on Sunday., from
noon to \ p.m.
Opening the fall season of the
Stanford Art Gallery is an exhibi
tion of oils and tempera paintings
hy Professor Victor Arnautoff.
One of the best-known artists of
the Cay Area, Professor Arnautoff
first attracted popular notice with
his murals in San Francisco's Coit
Tower on Telegraph Hill and at the
George Washington High School.
His murals are also in the San
Francisco Post Office and the post
offices in Richmond and Pacific
Grove. He is a foimer student of

Diego Rivera and attended the Cal
ifornia School of Fine Aits.
Included in the Arnautoff exhi
bition. which will be on view
through Oet. 14. are several of the
artist's drawings and lithographs.
On exhibit in the Gallery through
Oct. 1 are portraits by various art
ists of former Stanford presidents.
The Stanford Art Gallery is open
Tuesday through Saturday from 10
a.m. to 5 p.m and on Sunday., from
noon to \ p.m.
Opening the fall season of the
Stanford Art Gallery is an exhibi
tion of oils and tempera paintings
hy Professor Victor Arnautoff.
One of the best-known artists of
the Cay Area, Professor Arnautoff
first attracted popular notice with
his murals in San Francisco's Coit
Tower on Telegraph Hill and at the
George Washington High School.
His murals are also in the San
Francisco Post Office and the post
offices in Richmond and Pacific
Grove. He is a foimer student of

Diego Rivera and attended the Cal
ifornia School of Fine Aits.
Included in the Arnautoff exhi
bition. which will be on view
through Oet. 14. are several of the
artist's drawings and lithographs.
On exhibit in the Gallery through
Oct. 1 are portraits by various art
ists of former Stanford presidents.
The Stanford Art Gallery is open
Tuesday through Saturday from 10
a.m. to 5 p.m and on Sunday., from
noon to \ p.m.
Opening the fall season of the
Stanford Art Gallery is an exhibi
tion of oils and tempera paintings
hy Professor Victor Arnautoff.
One of the best-known artists of
the Cay Area, Professor Arnautoff
first attracted popular notice with
his murals in San Francisco's Coit
Tower on Telegraph Hill and at the
George Washington High School.
His murals are also in the San
Francisco Post Office and the post
offices in Richmond and Pacific
Grove. He is a foimer student of

Diego Rivera and attended the Cal
ifornia School of Fine Aits.
Included in the Arnautoff exhi
bition. which will be on view
through Oet. 14. are several of the
artist's drawings and lithographs.
On exhibit in the Gallery through
Oct. 1 are portraits by various art
ists of former Stanford presidents.
The Stanford Art Gallery is open
Tuesday through Saturday from 10
a.m. to 5 p.m and on Sunday., from
noon to \ p.m.
Opening the fall season of the
Stanford Art Gallery is an exhibi
tion of oils and tempera paintings
hy Professor Victor Arnautoff.
One of the best-known artists of
the Cay Area, Professor Arnautoff
first attracted popular notice with
his murals in San Francisco's Coit
Tower on Telegraph Hill and at the
George Washington High School.
His murals are also in the San
Francisco Post Office and the post
offices in Richmond and Pacific
Grove. He is a foimer student of

Diego Rivera and attended the Cal
ifornia School of Fine Aits.
Included in the Arnautoff exhi
bition. which will be on view
through Oet. 14. are several of the
artist's drawings and lithographs.
On exhibit in the Gallery through
Oct. 1 are portraits by various art
ists of former Stanford presidents.
The Stanford Art Gallery is open
Tuesday through Saturday from 10
a.m. to 5 p.m and on Sunday., from
noon to \ p.m.
Opening the fall season of the
Stanford Art Gallery is an exhibi
tion of oils and tempera paintings
hy Professor Victor Arnautoff.
One of the best-known artists of
the Cay Area, Professor Arnautoff
first attracted popular notice with
his murals in San Francisco's Coit
Tower on Telegraph Hill and at the
George Washington High School.
His murals are also in the San
Francisco Post Office and the post
offices in Richmond and Pacific
Grove. He is a foimer student of

Diego Rivera and attended the Cal
ifornia School of Fine Aits.
Included in the Arnautoff exhi
bition. which will be on view
through Oet. 14. are several of the
artist's drawings and lithographs.
On exhibit in the Gallery through
Oct. 1 are portraits by various art
ists of former Stanford presidents.
The Stanford Art Gallery is open
Tuesday through Saturday from 10
a.m. to 5 p.m and on Sunday., from
noon to \ p.m.
