# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Palo Alto Hospital — Mary Dan,
David O. Zopf, Barry Smith, Bar
bara Green.
Men's Rest Home—Brian Moore.
George Gildred, Richard Redden
Jr., George Frakes.
Women's Rest Home — No pa
tients.
Palo Alto Hospital — Mary Dan,
David O. Zopf, Barry Smith, Bar
bara Green.
Men's Rest Home—Brian Moore.
George Gildred, Richard Redden
Jr., George Frakes.
Women's Rest Home — No pa
tients.
Palo Alto Hospital — Mary Dan,
David O. Zopf, Barry Smith, Bar
bara Green.
Men's Rest Home—Brian Moore.
George Gildred, Richard Redden
Jr., George Frakes.
Women's Rest Home — No pa
tients.
Palo Alto Hospital — Mary Dan,
David O. Zopf, Barry Smith, Bar
bara Green.
Men's Rest Home—Brian Moore.
George Gildred, Richard Redden
Jr., George Frakes.
Women's Rest Home — No pa
tients.
Palo Alto Hospital — Mary Dan,
David O. Zopf, Barry Smith, Bar
bara Green.
Men's Rest Home—Brian Moore.
George Gildred, Richard Redden
Jr., George Frakes.
Women's Rest Home — No pa
tients.
Palo Alto Hospital — Mary Dan,
David O. Zopf, Barry Smith, Bar
bara Green.
Men's Rest Home—Brian Moore.
George Gildred, Richard Redden
Jr., George Frakes.
Women's Rest Home — No pa
tients.
Palo Alto Hospital — Mary Dan,
David O. Zopf, Barry Smith, Bar
bara Green.
Men's Rest Home—Brian Moore.
George Gildred, Richard Redden
Jr., George Frakes.
Women's Rest Home — No pa
tients.
Palo Alto Hospital — Mary Dan,
David O. Zopf, Barry Smith, Bar
bara Green.
Men's Rest Home—Brian Moore.
George Gildred, Richard Redden
Jr., George Frakes.
Women's Rest Home — No pa
tients.
Palo Alto Hospital — Mary Dan,
David O. Zopf, Barry Smith, Bar
bara Green.
Men's Rest Home—Brian Moore.
George Gildred, Richard Redden
Jr., George Frakes.
Women's Rest Home — No pa
tients.
Palo Alto Hospital — Mary Dan,
David O. Zopf, Barry Smith, Bar
bara Green.
Men's Rest Home—Brian Moore.
George Gildred, Richard Redden
Jr., George Frakes.
Women's Rest Home — No pa
tients.
Palo Alto Hospital — Mary Dan,
David O. Zopf, Barry Smith, Bar
bara Green.
Men's Rest Home—Brian Moore.
George Gildred, Richard Redden
Jr., George Frakes.
Women's Rest Home — No pa
tients.
Palo Alto Hospital — Mary Dan,
David O. Zopf, Barry Smith, Bar
bara Green.
Men's Rest Home—Brian Moore.
George Gildred, Richard Redden
Jr., George Frakes.
Women's Rest Home — No pa
tients.
Palo Alto Hospital — Mary Dan,
David O. Zopf, Barry Smith, Bar
bara Green.
Men's Rest Home—Brian Moore.
George Gildred, Richard Redden
Jr., George Frakes.
Women's Rest Home — No pa
tients.
Palo Alto Hospital — Mary Dan,
David O. Zopf, Barry Smith, Bar
bara Green.
Men's Rest Home—Brian Moore.
George Gildred, Richard Redden
Jr., George Frakes.
Women's Rest Home — No pa
tients.
Palo Alto Hospital — Mary Dan,
David O. Zopf, Barry Smith, Bar
bara Green.
Men's Rest Home—Brian Moore.
George Gildred, Richard Redden
Jr., George Frakes.
Women's Rest Home — No pa
tients.
