# POST-GAME OPEN HOUSE
## 
### 
Storey House, on the Lxjwer Row.
and Guthrie House, on the Upper
Row, are holding open houses im
mediately after the UCLA game to
morrow F.vervonc i« invited to at
tend.
Storey House, on the Lxjwer Row.
and Guthrie House, on the Upper
Row, are holding open houses im
mediately after the UCLA game to
morrow F.vervonc i« invited to at
tend.
Storey House, on the Lxjwer Row.
and Guthrie House, on the Upper
Row, are holding open houses im
mediately after the UCLA game to
morrow F.vervonc i« invited to at
tend.
Storey House, on the Lxjwer Row.
and Guthrie House, on the Upper
Row, are holding open houses im
mediately after the UCLA game to
morrow F.vervonc i« invited to at
tend.
Storey House, on the Lxjwer Row.
and Guthrie House, on the Upper
Row, are holding open houses im
mediately after the UCLA game to
morrow F.vervonc i« invited to at
tend.
Storey House, on the Lxjwer Row.
and Guthrie House, on the Upper
Row, are holding open houses im
mediately after the UCLA game to
morrow F.vervonc i« invited to at
tend.
Storey House, on the Lxjwer Row.
and Guthrie House, on the Upper
Row, are holding open houses im
mediately after the UCLA game to
morrow F.vervonc i« invited to at
tend.
Storey House, on the Lxjwer Row.
and Guthrie House, on the Upper
Row, are holding open houses im
mediately after the UCLA game to
morrow F.vervonc i« invited to at
tend.
Storey House, on the Lxjwer Row.
and Guthrie House, on the Upper
Row, are holding open houses im
mediately after the UCLA game to
morrow F.vervonc i« invited to at
tend.
Storey House, on the Lxjwer Row.
and Guthrie House, on the Upper
Row, are holding open houses im
mediately after the UCLA game to
morrow F.vervonc i« invited to at
tend.
Storey House, on the Lxjwer Row.
and Guthrie House, on the Upper
Row, are holding open houses im
mediately after the UCLA game to
morrow F.vervonc i« invited to at
tend.
Storey House, on the Lxjwer Row.
and Guthrie House, on the Upper
Row, are holding open houses im
mediately after the UCLA game to
morrow F.vervonc i« invited to at
tend.
Storey House, on the Lxjwer Row.
and Guthrie House, on the Upper
Row, are holding open houses im
mediately after the UCLA game to
morrow F.vervonc i« invited to at
tend.
Storey House, on the Lxjwer Row.
and Guthrie House, on the Upper
Row, are holding open houses im
mediately after the UCLA game to
morrow F.vervonc i« invited to at
tend.
Storey House, on the Lxjwer Row.
and Guthrie House, on the Upper
Row, are holding open houses im
mediately after the UCLA game to
morrow F.vervonc i« invited to at
tend.
Storey House, on the Lxjwer Row.
and Guthrie House, on the Upper
Row, are holding open houses im
mediately after the UCLA game to
morrow F.vervonc i« invited to at
tend.
Storey House, on the Lxjwer Row.
and Guthrie House, on the Upper
Row, are holding open houses im
mediately after the UCLA game to
morrow F.vervonc i« invited to at
tend.
