# KZSU WINS AWARD
## 
### 
Stanford's student-operated cam
pus radio station, KZSU, has been
awarded a transcription player for
taking runner-up position in a na
tional newscast contest.
Stanford's student-operated cam
pus radio station, KZSU, has been
awarded a transcription player for
taking runner-up position in a na
tional newscast contest.
Stanford's student-operated cam
pus radio station, KZSU, has been
awarded a transcription player for
taking runner-up position in a na
tional newscast contest.
Stanford's student-operated cam
pus radio station, KZSU, has been
awarded a transcription player for
taking runner-up position in a na
tional newscast contest.
Stanford's student-operated cam
pus radio station, KZSU, has been
awarded a transcription player for
taking runner-up position in a na
tional newscast contest.
Stanford's student-operated cam
pus radio station, KZSU, has been
awarded a transcription player for
taking runner-up position in a na
tional newscast contest.
Stanford's student-operated cam
pus radio station, KZSU, has been
awarded a transcription player for
taking runner-up position in a na
tional newscast contest.
Stanford's student-operated cam
pus radio station, KZSU, has been
awarded a transcription player for
taking runner-up position in a na
tional newscast contest.
Stanford's student-operated cam
pus radio station, KZSU, has been
awarded a transcription player for
taking runner-up position in a na
tional newscast contest.
Stanford's student-operated cam
pus radio station, KZSU, has been
awarded a transcription player for
taking runner-up position in a na
tional newscast contest.
Stanford's student-operated cam
pus radio station, KZSU, has been
awarded a transcription player for
taking runner-up position in a na
tional newscast contest.
Stanford's student-operated cam
pus radio station, KZSU, has been
awarded a transcription player for
taking runner-up position in a na
tional newscast contest.
Stanford's student-operated cam
pus radio station, KZSU, has been
awarded a transcription player for
taking runner-up position in a na
tional newscast contest.
Stanford's student-operated cam
pus radio station, KZSU, has been
awarded a transcription player for
taking runner-up position in a na
tional newscast contest.
Stanford's student-operated cam
pus radio station, KZSU, has been
awarded a transcription player for
taking runner-up position in a na
tional newscast contest.
Stanford's student-operated cam
pus radio station, KZSU, has been
awarded a transcription player for
taking runner-up position in a na
tional newscast contest.
Stanford's student-operated cam
pus radio station, KZSU, has been
awarded a transcription player for
taking runner-up position in a na
tional newscast contest.
