# British Government Offers Scholarships for Graduates
## 
### 
"Her Majesty's government has
chosen a method both imaginative
and practical for expressing . . .
gratitude . . . for the generous aid
extended by the United States un
der the Marshall Plan."
Thus British Ambassador Roger
Makins, in a letter to Stanford
President Wallace Sterling, outlined
the plan for 12 Marshall Scholar
ships now being offered to graduate
students for study in the United
Kingdom.
The scholarships will be competed
for annually from four regions in
the United States.
Stanford is included in the Pacific
region. Application forms may be
obtained by writing to British Con
sulate-General. 310 Sansome Street,
San Francisco 4.
Deadline for application is Oct. 31.
Students of either sex. binder 28,
who are United States citizens
graduated from an accredited col
lege or university are eligible to
apply. Thr scholarships are tenable
at any university in the United

Kingdom, beginning in fall 1954.
Value of the scholarships is about
$1,500 cach. Married men scholars
will receive an additional amount.
Students will receive transportation
to and from the university.
Selection will be based on scho
lastic achievements and activities.
The committee will show preference
to students with "high academic
ability with the capacity to play an
active part in the United Kingdom
university to which they go."
Students may apply either in the
region in which they live, or where
they have received the last two
years of college training. Candi
dates will be notified of acceptance
in spring 1954.
"Her Majesty's government has
chosen a method both imaginative
and practical for expressing . . .
gratitude . . . for the generous aid
extended by the United States un
der the Marshall Plan."
Thus British Ambassador Roger
Makins, in a letter to Stanford
President Wallace Sterling, outlined
the plan for 12 Marshall Scholar
ships now being offered to graduate
students for study in the United
Kingdom.
The scholarships will be competed
for annually from four regions in
the United States.
Stanford is included in the Pacific
region. Application forms may be
obtained by writing to British Con
sulate-General. 310 Sansome Street,
San Francisco 4.
Deadline for application is Oct. 31.
Students of either sex. binder 28,
who are United States citizens
graduated from an accredited col
lege or university are eligible to
apply. Thr scholarships are tenable
at any university in the United

Kingdom, beginning in fall 1954.
Value of the scholarships is about
$1,500 cach. Married men scholars
will receive an additional amount.
Students will receive transportation
to and from the university.
Selection will be based on scho
lastic achievements and activities.
The committee will show preference
to students with "high academic
ability with the capacity to play an
active part in the United Kingdom
university to which they go."
Students may apply either in the
region in which they live, or where
they have received the last two
years of college training. Candi
dates will be notified of acceptance
in spring 1954.
"Her Majesty's government has
chosen a method both imaginative
and practical for expressing . . .
gratitude . . . for the generous aid
extended by the United States un
der the Marshall Plan."
Thus British Ambassador Roger
Makins, in a letter to Stanford
President Wallace Sterling, outlined
the plan for 12 Marshall Scholar
ships now being offered to graduate
students for study in the United
Kingdom.
The scholarships will be competed
for annually from four regions in
the United States.
Stanford is included in the Pacific
region. Application forms may be
obtained by writing to British Con
sulate-General. 310 Sansome Street,
San Francisco 4.
Deadline for application is Oct. 31.
Students of either sex. binder 28,
who are United States citizens
graduated from an accredited col
lege or university are eligible to
apply. Thr scholarships are tenable
at any university in the United

Kingdom, beginning in fall 1954.
Value of the scholarships is about
$1,500 cach. Married men scholars
will receive an additional amount.
Students will receive transportation
to and from the university.
Selection will be based on scho
lastic achievements and activities.
The committee will show preference
to students with "high academic
ability with the capacity to play an
active part in the United Kingdom
university to which they go."
Students may apply either in the
region in which they live, or where
they have received the last two
years of college training. Candi
dates will be notified of acceptance
in spring 1954.
"Her Majesty's government has
chosen a method both imaginative
and practical for expressing . . .
gratitude . . . for the generous aid
extended by the United States un
der the Marshall Plan."
Thus British Ambassador Roger
Makins, in a letter to Stanford
President Wallace Sterling, outlined
the plan for 12 Marshall Scholar
ships now being offered to graduate
students for study in the United
Kingdom.
The scholarships will be competed
for annually from four regions in
the United States.
Stanford is included in the Pacific
region. Application forms may be
obtained by writing to British Con
sulate-General. 310 Sansome Street,
San Francisco 4.
Deadline for application is Oct. 31.
Students of either sex. binder 28,
who are United States citizens
graduated from an accredited col
lege or university are eligible to
apply. Thr scholarships are tenable
at any university in the United

Kingdom, beginning in fall 1954.
Value of the scholarships is about
$1,500 cach. Married men scholars
will receive an additional amount.
Students will receive transportation
to and from the university.
Selection will be based on scho
lastic achievements and activities.
The committee will show preference
to students with "high academic
ability with the capacity to play an
active part in the United Kingdom
university to which they go."
Students may apply either in the
region in which they live, or where
they have received the last two
years of college training. Candi
dates will be notified of acceptance
in spring 1954.
"Her Majesty's government has
chosen a method both imaginative
and practical for expressing . . .
gratitude . . . for the generous aid
extended by the United States un
der the Marshall Plan."
Thus British Ambassador Roger
Makins, in a letter to Stanford
President Wallace Sterling, outlined
the plan for 12 Marshall Scholar
ships now being offered to graduate
students for study in the United
Kingdom.
The scholarships will be competed
for annually from four regions in
the United States.
Stanford is included in the Pacific
region. Application forms may be
obtained by writing to British Con
sulate-General. 310 Sansome Street,
San Francisco 4.
Deadline for application is Oct. 31.
Students of either sex. binder 28,
who are United States citizens
graduated from an accredited col
lege or university are eligible to
apply. Thr scholarships are tenable
at any university in the United

Kingdom, beginning in fall 1954.
Value of the scholarships is about
$1,500 cach. Married men scholars
will receive an additional amount.
Students will receive transportation
to and from the university.
Selection will be based on scho
lastic achievements and activities.
The committee will show preference
to students with "high academic
ability with the capacity to play an
active part in the United Kingdom
university to which they go."
Students may apply either in the
region in which they live, or where
they have received the last two
years of college training. Candi
dates will be notified of acceptance
in spring 1954.
"Her Majesty's government has
chosen a method both imaginative
and practical for expressing . . .
gratitude . . . for the generous aid
extended by the United States un
der the Marshall Plan."
Thus British Ambassador Roger
Makins, in a letter to Stanford
President Wallace Sterling, outlined
the plan for 12 Marshall Scholar
ships now being offered to graduate
students for study in the United
Kingdom.
The scholarships will be competed
for annually from four regions in
the United States.
Stanford is included in the Pacific
region. Application forms may be
obtained by writing to British Con
sulate-General. 310 Sansome Street,
San Francisco 4.
Deadline for application is Oct. 31.
Students of either sex. binder 28,
who are United States citizens
graduated from an accredited col
lege or university are eligible to
apply. Thr scholarships are tenable
at any university in the United

Kingdom, beginning in fall 1954.
Value of the scholarships is about
$1,500 cach. Married men scholars
will receive an additional amount.
Students will receive transportation
to and from the university.
Selection will be based on scho
lastic achievements and activities.
The committee will show preference
to students with "high academic
ability with the capacity to play an
active part in the United Kingdom
university to which they go."
Students may apply either in the
region in which they live, or where
they have received the last two
years of college training. Candi
dates will be notified of acceptance
in spring 1954.
"Her Majesty's government has
chosen a method both imaginative
and practical for expressing . . .
gratitude . . . for the generous aid
extended by the United States un
der the Marshall Plan."
Thus British Ambassador Roger
Makins, in a letter to Stanford
President Wallace Sterling, outlined
the plan for 12 Marshall Scholar
ships now being offered to graduate
students for study in the United
Kingdom.
The scholarships will be competed
for annually from four regions in
the United States.
Stanford is included in the Pacific
region. Application forms may be
obtained by writing to British Con
sulate-General. 310 Sansome Street,
San Francisco 4.
Deadline for application is Oct. 31.
Students of either sex. binder 28,
who are United States citizens
graduated from an accredited col
lege or university are eligible to
apply. Thr scholarships are tenable
at any university in the United

Kingdom, beginning in fall 1954.
Value of the scholarships is about
$1,500 cach. Married men scholars
will receive an additional amount.
Students will receive transportation
to and from the university.
Selection will be based on scho
lastic achievements and activities.
The committee will show preference
to students with "high academic
ability with the capacity to play an
active part in the United Kingdom
university to which they go."
Students may apply either in the
region in which they live, or where
they have received the last two
years of college training. Candi
dates will be notified of acceptance
in spring 1954.
"Her Majesty's government has
chosen a method both imaginative
and practical for expressing . . .
gratitude . . . for the generous aid
extended by the United States un
der the Marshall Plan."
Thus British Ambassador Roger
Makins, in a letter to Stanford
President Wallace Sterling, outlined
the plan for 12 Marshall Scholar
ships now being offered to graduate
students for study in the United
Kingdom.
The scholarships will be competed
for annually from four regions in
the United States.
Stanford is included in the Pacific
region. Application forms may be
obtained by writing to British Con
sulate-General. 310 Sansome Street,
San Francisco 4.
Deadline for application is Oct. 31.
Students of either sex. binder 28,
who are United States citizens
graduated from an accredited col
lege or university are eligible to
apply. Thr scholarships are tenable
at any university in the United

Kingdom, beginning in fall 1954.
Value of the scholarships is about
$1,500 cach. Married men scholars
will receive an additional amount.
Students will receive transportation
to and from the university.
Selection will be based on scho
lastic achievements and activities.
The committee will show preference
to students with "high academic
ability with the capacity to play an
active part in the United Kingdom
university to which they go."
Students may apply either in the
region in which they live, or where
they have received the last two
years of college training. Candi
dates will be notified of acceptance
in spring 1954.
"Her Majesty's government has
chosen a method both imaginative
and practical for expressing . . .
gratitude . . . for the generous aid
extended by the United States un
der the Marshall Plan."
Thus British Ambassador Roger
Makins, in a letter to Stanford
President Wallace Sterling, outlined
the plan for 12 Marshall Scholar
ships now being offered to graduate
students for study in the United
Kingdom.
The scholarships will be competed
for annually from four regions in
the United States.
Stanford is included in the Pacific
region. Application forms may be
obtained by writing to British Con
sulate-General. 310 Sansome Street,
San Francisco 4.
Deadline for application is Oct. 31.
Students of either sex. binder 28,
who are United States citizens
graduated from an accredited col
lege or university are eligible to
apply. Thr scholarships are tenable
at any university in the United

Kingdom, beginning in fall 1954.
Value of the scholarships is about
$1,500 cach. Married men scholars
will receive an additional amount.
Students will receive transportation
to and from the university.
Selection will be based on scho
lastic achievements and activities.
The committee will show preference
to students with "high academic
ability with the capacity to play an
active part in the United Kingdom
university to which they go."
Students may apply either in the
region in which they live, or where
they have received the last two
years of college training. Candi
dates will be notified of acceptance
in spring 1954.
"Her Majesty's government has
chosen a method both imaginative
and practical for expressing . . .
gratitude . . . for the generous aid
extended by the United States un
der the Marshall Plan."
Thus British Ambassador Roger
Makins, in a letter to Stanford
President Wallace Sterling, outlined
the plan for 12 Marshall Scholar
ships now being offered to graduate
students for study in the United
Kingdom.
The scholarships will be competed
for annually from four regions in
the United States.
Stanford is included in the Pacific
region. Application forms may be
obtained by writing to British Con
sulate-General. 310 Sansome Street,
San Francisco 4.
Deadline for application is Oct. 31.
Students of either sex. binder 28,
who are United States citizens
graduated from an accredited col
lege or university are eligible to
apply. Thr scholarships are tenable
at any university in the United

Kingdom, beginning in fall 1954.
Value of the scholarships is about
$1,500 cach. Married men scholars
will receive an additional amount.
Students will receive transportation
to and from the university.
Selection will be based on scho
lastic achievements and activities.
The committee will show preference
to students with "high academic
ability with the capacity to play an
active part in the United Kingdom
university to which they go."
Students may apply either in the
region in which they live, or where
they have received the last two
years of college training. Candi
dates will be notified of acceptance
in spring 1954.
"Her Majesty's government has
chosen a method both imaginative
and practical for expressing . . .
gratitude . . . for the generous aid
extended by the United States un
der the Marshall Plan."
Thus British Ambassador Roger
Makins, in a letter to Stanford
President Wallace Sterling, outlined
the plan for 12 Marshall Scholar
ships now being offered to graduate
students for study in the United
Kingdom.
The scholarships will be competed
for annually from four regions in
the United States.
Stanford is included in the Pacific
region. Application forms may be
obtained by writing to British Con
sulate-General. 310 Sansome Street,
San Francisco 4.
Deadline for application is Oct. 31.
Students of either sex. binder 28,
who are United States citizens
graduated from an accredited col
lege or university are eligible to
apply. Thr scholarships are tenable
at any university in the United

Kingdom, beginning in fall 1954.
Value of the scholarships is about
$1,500 cach. Married men scholars
will receive an additional amount.
Students will receive transportation
to and from the university.
Selection will be based on scho
lastic achievements and activities.
The committee will show preference
to students with "high academic
ability with the capacity to play an
active part in the United Kingdom
university to which they go."
Students may apply either in the
region in which they live, or where
they have received the last two
years of college training. Candi
dates will be notified of acceptance
in spring 1954.
"Her Majesty's government has
chosen a method both imaginative
and practical for expressing . . .
gratitude . . . for the generous aid
extended by the United States un
der the Marshall Plan."
Thus British Ambassador Roger
Makins, in a letter to Stanford
President Wallace Sterling, outlined
the plan for 12 Marshall Scholar
ships now being offered to graduate
students for study in the United
Kingdom.
The scholarships will be competed
for annually from four regions in
the United States.
Stanford is included in the Pacific
region. Application forms may be
obtained by writing to British Con
sulate-General. 310 Sansome Street,
San Francisco 4.
Deadline for application is Oct. 31.
Students of either sex. binder 28,
who are United States citizens
graduated from an accredited col
lege or university are eligible to
apply. Thr scholarships are tenable
at any university in the United

Kingdom, beginning in fall 1954.
Value of the scholarships is about
$1,500 cach. Married men scholars
will receive an additional amount.
Students will receive transportation
to and from the university.
Selection will be based on scho
lastic achievements and activities.
The committee will show preference
to students with "high academic
ability with the capacity to play an
active part in the United Kingdom
university to which they go."
Students may apply either in the
region in which they live, or where
they have received the last two
years of college training. Candi
dates will be notified of acceptance
in spring 1954.
"Her Majesty's government has
chosen a method both imaginative
and practical for expressing . . .
gratitude . . . for the generous aid
extended by the United States un
der the Marshall Plan."
Thus British Ambassador Roger
Makins, in a letter to Stanford
President Wallace Sterling, outlined
the plan for 12 Marshall Scholar
ships now being offered to graduate
students for study in the United
Kingdom.
The scholarships will be competed
for annually from four regions in
the United States.
Stanford is included in the Pacific
region. Application forms may be
obtained by writing to British Con
sulate-General. 310 Sansome Street,
San Francisco 4.
Deadline for application is Oct. 31.
Students of either sex. binder 28,
who are United States citizens
graduated from an accredited col
lege or university are eligible to
apply. Thr scholarships are tenable
at any university in the United

Kingdom, beginning in fall 1954.
Value of the scholarships is about
$1,500 cach. Married men scholars
will receive an additional amount.
Students will receive transportation
to and from the university.
Selection will be based on scho
lastic achievements and activities.
The committee will show preference
to students with "high academic
ability with the capacity to play an
active part in the United Kingdom
university to which they go."
Students may apply either in the
region in which they live, or where
they have received the last two
years of college training. Candi
dates will be notified of acceptance
in spring 1954.
"Her Majesty's government has
chosen a method both imaginative
and practical for expressing . . .
gratitude . . . for the generous aid
extended by the United States un
der the Marshall Plan."
Thus British Ambassador Roger
Makins, in a letter to Stanford
President Wallace Sterling, outlined
the plan for 12 Marshall Scholar
ships now being offered to graduate
students for study in the United
Kingdom.
The scholarships will be competed
for annually from four regions in
the United States.
Stanford is included in the Pacific
region. Application forms may be
obtained by writing to British Con
sulate-General. 310 Sansome Street,
San Francisco 4.
Deadline for application is Oct. 31.
Students of either sex. binder 28,
who are United States citizens
graduated from an accredited col
lege or university are eligible to
apply. Thr scholarships are tenable
at any university in the United

Kingdom, beginning in fall 1954.
Value of the scholarships is about
$1,500 cach. Married men scholars
will receive an additional amount.
Students will receive transportation
to and from the university.
Selection will be based on scho
lastic achievements and activities.
The committee will show preference
to students with "high academic
ability with the capacity to play an
active part in the United Kingdom
university to which they go."
Students may apply either in the
region in which they live, or where
they have received the last two
years of college training. Candi
dates will be notified of acceptance
in spring 1954.
"Her Majesty's government has
chosen a method both imaginative
and practical for expressing . . .
gratitude . . . for the generous aid
extended by the United States un
der the Marshall Plan."
Thus British Ambassador Roger
Makins, in a letter to Stanford
President Wallace Sterling, outlined
the plan for 12 Marshall Scholar
ships now being offered to graduate
students for study in the United
Kingdom.
The scholarships will be competed
for annually from four regions in
the United States.
Stanford is included in the Pacific
region. Application forms may be
obtained by writing to British Con
sulate-General. 310 Sansome Street,
San Francisco 4.
Deadline for application is Oct. 31.
Students of either sex. binder 28,
who are United States citizens
graduated from an accredited col
lege or university are eligible to
apply. Thr scholarships are tenable
at any university in the United

Kingdom, beginning in fall 1954.
Value of the scholarships is about
$1,500 cach. Married men scholars
will receive an additional amount.
Students will receive transportation
to and from the university.
Selection will be based on scho
lastic achievements and activities.
The committee will show preference
to students with "high academic
ability with the capacity to play an
active part in the United Kingdom
university to which they go."
Students may apply either in the
region in which they live, or where
they have received the last two
years of college training. Candi
dates will be notified of acceptance
in spring 1954.
"Her Majesty's government has
chosen a method both imaginative
and practical for expressing . . .
gratitude . . . for the generous aid
extended by the United States un
der the Marshall Plan."
Thus British Ambassador Roger
Makins, in a letter to Stanford
President Wallace Sterling, outlined
the plan for 12 Marshall Scholar
ships now being offered to graduate
students for study in the United
Kingdom.
The scholarships will be competed
for annually from four regions in
the United States.
Stanford is included in the Pacific
region. Application forms may be
obtained by writing to British Con
sulate-General. 310 Sansome Street,
San Francisco 4.
Deadline for application is Oct. 31.
Students of either sex. binder 28,
who are United States citizens
graduated from an accredited col
lege or university are eligible to
apply. Thr scholarships are tenable
at any university in the United

Kingdom, beginning in fall 1954.
Value of the scholarships is about
$1,500 cach. Married men scholars
will receive an additional amount.
Students will receive transportation
to and from the university.
Selection will be based on scho
lastic achievements and activities.
The committee will show preference
to students with "high academic
ability with the capacity to play an
active part in the United Kingdom
university to which they go."
Students may apply either in the
region in which they live, or where
they have received the last two
years of college training. Candi
dates will be notified of acceptance
in spring 1954.
"Her Majesty's government has
chosen a method both imaginative
and practical for expressing . . .
gratitude . . . for the generous aid
extended by the United States un
der the Marshall Plan."
Thus British Ambassador Roger
Makins, in a letter to Stanford
President Wallace Sterling, outlined
the plan for 12 Marshall Scholar
ships now being offered to graduate
students for study in the United
Kingdom.
The scholarships will be competed
for annually from four regions in
the United States.
Stanford is included in the Pacific
region. Application forms may be
obtained by writing to British Con
sulate-General. 310 Sansome Street,
San Francisco 4.
Deadline for application is Oct. 31.
Students of either sex. binder 28,
who are United States citizens
graduated from an accredited col
lege or university are eligible to
apply. Thr scholarships are tenable
at any university in the United

Kingdom, beginning in fall 1954.
Value of the scholarships is about
$1,500 cach. Married men scholars
will receive an additional amount.
Students will receive transportation
to and from the university.
Selection will be based on scho
lastic achievements and activities.
The committee will show preference
to students with "high academic
ability with the capacity to play an
active part in the United Kingdom
university to which they go."
Students may apply either in the
region in which they live, or where
they have received the last two
years of college training. Candi
dates will be notified of acceptance
in spring 1954.
