# BAND TO GO WESTERN
## 
### 
The Stanford Band will open its
1!)5!> season at the UCLA game
this Saturday by presenting the
story of Slip-Shod Sam, a cowlha
who develops a cattle ranch and
later is run oft' by homesteaders
The Stanford Band will open its
1!)5!> season at the UCLA game
this Saturday by presenting the
story of Slip-Shod Sam, a cowlha
who develops a cattle ranch and
later is run oft' by homesteaders
The Stanford Band will open its
1!)5!> season at the UCLA game
this Saturday by presenting the
story of Slip-Shod Sam, a cowlha
who develops a cattle ranch and
later is run oft' by homesteaders
The Stanford Band will open its
1!)5!> season at the UCLA game
this Saturday by presenting the
story of Slip-Shod Sam, a cowlha
who develops a cattle ranch and
later is run oft' by homesteaders
The Stanford Band will open its
1!)5!> season at the UCLA game
this Saturday by presenting the
story of Slip-Shod Sam, a cowlha
who develops a cattle ranch and
later is run oft' by homesteaders
The Stanford Band will open its
1!)5!> season at the UCLA game
this Saturday by presenting the
story of Slip-Shod Sam, a cowlha
who develops a cattle ranch and
later is run oft' by homesteaders
The Stanford Band will open its
1!)5!> season at the UCLA game
this Saturday by presenting the
story of Slip-Shod Sam, a cowlha
who develops a cattle ranch and
later is run oft' by homesteaders
The Stanford Band will open its
1!)5!> season at the UCLA game
this Saturday by presenting the
story of Slip-Shod Sam, a cowlha
who develops a cattle ranch and
later is run oft' by homesteaders
The Stanford Band will open its
1!)5!> season at the UCLA game
this Saturday by presenting the
story of Slip-Shod Sam, a cowlha
who develops a cattle ranch and
later is run oft' by homesteaders
The Stanford Band will open its
1!)5!> season at the UCLA game
this Saturday by presenting the
story of Slip-Shod Sam, a cowlha
who develops a cattle ranch and
later is run oft' by homesteaders
The Stanford Band will open its
1!)5!> season at the UCLA game
this Saturday by presenting the
story of Slip-Shod Sam, a cowlha
who develops a cattle ranch and
later is run oft' by homesteaders
The Stanford Band will open its
1!)5!> season at the UCLA game
this Saturday by presenting the
story of Slip-Shod Sam, a cowlha
who develops a cattle ranch and
later is run oft' by homesteaders
The Stanford Band will open its
1!)5!> season at the UCLA game
this Saturday by presenting the
story of Slip-Shod Sam, a cowlha
who develops a cattle ranch and
later is run oft' by homesteaders
The Stanford Band will open its
1!)5!> season at the UCLA game
this Saturday by presenting the
story of Slip-Shod Sam, a cowlha
who develops a cattle ranch and
later is run oft' by homesteaders
The Stanford Band will open its
1!)5!> season at the UCLA game
this Saturday by presenting the
story of Slip-Shod Sam, a cowlha
who develops a cattle ranch and
later is run oft' by homesteaders
The Stanford Band will open its
1!)5!> season at the UCLA game
this Saturday by presenting the
story of Slip-Shod Sam, a cowlha
who develops a cattle ranch and
later is run oft' by homesteaders
The Stanford Band will open its
1!)5!> season at the UCLA game
this Saturday by presenting the
story of Slip-Shod Sam, a cowlha
who develops a cattle ranch and
later is run oft' by homesteaders
