# Tickets Go on Sale Monday for Class Of '60 Grand Triad
## 
### 
Tickets will go on sale Monday
for the Class of '60 sponsored
Grand Triad, which will be held
in Wilbur Hall court Friday, May
17.
The completely reorganized ex
change between Cal and Stanford
includes San Jose for the first
time, and promises to be one of
the best freshman activities of
the year.
Gerun Moore's hand has been
contracted for the dance, which
will be the highlight of the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
The exchange will begin at 7
p.m. in the Wilbur Hall court
with predance get-acquainted ac
tivities, arranged by San Jose.
There will also be an auction in
which something symbolic of
each school will he sold to the
highest bidder. A tug-of-war has
also been planned.
Tickets will be available in the
living groups.
Tickets will go on sale Monday
for the Class of '60 sponsored
Grand Triad, which will be held
in Wilbur Hall court Friday, May
17.
The completely reorganized ex
change between Cal and Stanford
includes San Jose for the first
time, and promises to be one of
the best freshman activities of
the year.
Gerun Moore's hand has been
contracted for the dance, which
will be the highlight of the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
The exchange will begin at 7
p.m. in the Wilbur Hall court
with predance get-acquainted ac
tivities, arranged by San Jose.
There will also be an auction in
which something symbolic of
each school will he sold to the
highest bidder. A tug-of-war has
also been planned.
Tickets will be available in the
living groups.
Tickets will go on sale Monday
for the Class of '60 sponsored
Grand Triad, which will be held
in Wilbur Hall court Friday, May
17.
The completely reorganized ex
change between Cal and Stanford
includes San Jose for the first
time, and promises to be one of
the best freshman activities of
the year.
Gerun Moore's hand has been
contracted for the dance, which
will be the highlight of the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
The exchange will begin at 7
p.m. in the Wilbur Hall court
with predance get-acquainted ac
tivities, arranged by San Jose.
There will also be an auction in
which something symbolic of
each school will he sold to the
highest bidder. A tug-of-war has
also been planned.
Tickets will be available in the
living groups.
Tickets will go on sale Monday
for the Class of '60 sponsored
Grand Triad, which will be held
in Wilbur Hall court Friday, May
17.
The completely reorganized ex
change between Cal and Stanford
includes San Jose for the first
time, and promises to be one of
the best freshman activities of
the year.
Gerun Moore's hand has been
contracted for the dance, which
will be the highlight of the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
The exchange will begin at 7
p.m. in the Wilbur Hall court
with predance get-acquainted ac
tivities, arranged by San Jose.
There will also be an auction in
which something symbolic of
each school will he sold to the
highest bidder. A tug-of-war has
also been planned.
Tickets will be available in the
living groups.
Tickets will go on sale Monday
for the Class of '60 sponsored
Grand Triad, which will be held
in Wilbur Hall court Friday, May
17.
The completely reorganized ex
change between Cal and Stanford
includes San Jose for the first
time, and promises to be one of
the best freshman activities of
the year.
Gerun Moore's hand has been
contracted for the dance, which
will be the highlight of the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
The exchange will begin at 7
p.m. in the Wilbur Hall court
with predance get-acquainted ac
tivities, arranged by San Jose.
There will also be an auction in
which something symbolic of
each school will he sold to the
highest bidder. A tug-of-war has
also been planned.
Tickets will be available in the
living groups.
Tickets will go on sale Monday
for the Class of '60 sponsored
Grand Triad, which will be held
in Wilbur Hall court Friday, May
17.
The completely reorganized ex
change between Cal and Stanford
includes San Jose for the first
time, and promises to be one of
the best freshman activities of
the year.
Gerun Moore's hand has been
contracted for the dance, which
will be the highlight of the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
The exchange will begin at 7
p.m. in the Wilbur Hall court
with predance get-acquainted ac
tivities, arranged by San Jose.
There will also be an auction in
which something symbolic of
each school will he sold to the
highest bidder. A tug-of-war has
also been planned.
Tickets will be available in the
living groups.
Tickets will go on sale Monday
for the Class of '60 sponsored
Grand Triad, which will be held
in Wilbur Hall court Friday, May
17.
The completely reorganized ex
change between Cal and Stanford
includes San Jose for the first
time, and promises to be one of
the best freshman activities of
the year.
Gerun Moore's hand has been
contracted for the dance, which
will be the highlight of the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
The exchange will begin at 7
p.m. in the Wilbur Hall court
with predance get-acquainted ac
tivities, arranged by San Jose.
There will also be an auction in
which something symbolic of
each school will he sold to the
highest bidder. A tug-of-war has
also been planned.
Tickets will be available in the
living groups.
Tickets will go on sale Monday
for the Class of '60 sponsored
Grand Triad, which will be held
in Wilbur Hall court Friday, May
17.
The completely reorganized ex
change between Cal and Stanford
includes San Jose for the first
time, and promises to be one of
the best freshman activities of
the year.
Gerun Moore's hand has been
contracted for the dance, which
will be the highlight of the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
The exchange will begin at 7
p.m. in the Wilbur Hall court
with predance get-acquainted ac
tivities, arranged by San Jose.
There will also be an auction in
which something symbolic of
each school will he sold to the
highest bidder. A tug-of-war has
also been planned.
Tickets will be available in the
living groups.
Tickets will go on sale Monday
for the Class of '60 sponsored
Grand Triad, which will be held
in Wilbur Hall court Friday, May
17.
The completely reorganized ex
change between Cal and Stanford
includes San Jose for the first
time, and promises to be one of
the best freshman activities of
the year.
Gerun Moore's hand has been
contracted for the dance, which
will be the highlight of the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
The exchange will begin at 7
p.m. in the Wilbur Hall court
with predance get-acquainted ac
tivities, arranged by San Jose.
There will also be an auction in
which something symbolic of
each school will he sold to the
highest bidder. A tug-of-war has
also been planned.
Tickets will be available in the
living groups.
Tickets will go on sale Monday
for the Class of '60 sponsored
Grand Triad, which will be held
in Wilbur Hall court Friday, May
17.
The completely reorganized ex
change between Cal and Stanford
includes San Jose for the first
time, and promises to be one of
the best freshman activities of
the year.
Gerun Moore's hand has been
contracted for the dance, which
will be the highlight of the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
The exchange will begin at 7
p.m. in the Wilbur Hall court
with predance get-acquainted ac
tivities, arranged by San Jose.
There will also be an auction in
which something symbolic of
each school will he sold to the
highest bidder. A tug-of-war has
also been planned.
Tickets will be available in the
living groups.
Tickets will go on sale Monday
for the Class of '60 sponsored
Grand Triad, which will be held
in Wilbur Hall court Friday, May
17.
The completely reorganized ex
change between Cal and Stanford
includes San Jose for the first
time, and promises to be one of
the best freshman activities of
the year.
Gerun Moore's hand has been
contracted for the dance, which
will be the highlight of the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
The exchange will begin at 7
p.m. in the Wilbur Hall court
with predance get-acquainted ac
tivities, arranged by San Jose.
There will also be an auction in
which something symbolic of
each school will he sold to the
highest bidder. A tug-of-war has
also been planned.
Tickets will be available in the
living groups.
Tickets will go on sale Monday
for the Class of '60 sponsored
Grand Triad, which will be held
in Wilbur Hall court Friday, May
17.
The completely reorganized ex
change between Cal and Stanford
includes San Jose for the first
time, and promises to be one of
the best freshman activities of
the year.
Gerun Moore's hand has been
contracted for the dance, which
will be the highlight of the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
The exchange will begin at 7
p.m. in the Wilbur Hall court
with predance get-acquainted ac
tivities, arranged by San Jose.
There will also be an auction in
which something symbolic of
each school will he sold to the
highest bidder. A tug-of-war has
also been planned.
Tickets will be available in the
living groups.
Tickets will go on sale Monday
for the Class of '60 sponsored
Grand Triad, which will be held
in Wilbur Hall court Friday, May
17.
The completely reorganized ex
change between Cal and Stanford
includes San Jose for the first
time, and promises to be one of
the best freshman activities of
the year.
Gerun Moore's hand has been
contracted for the dance, which
will be the highlight of the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
The exchange will begin at 7
p.m. in the Wilbur Hall court
with predance get-acquainted ac
tivities, arranged by San Jose.
There will also be an auction in
which something symbolic of
each school will he sold to the
highest bidder. A tug-of-war has
also been planned.
Tickets will be available in the
living groups.
Tickets will go on sale Monday
for the Class of '60 sponsored
Grand Triad, which will be held
in Wilbur Hall court Friday, May
17.
The completely reorganized ex
change between Cal and Stanford
includes San Jose for the first
time, and promises to be one of
the best freshman activities of
the year.
Gerun Moore's hand has been
contracted for the dance, which
will be the highlight of the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
The exchange will begin at 7
p.m. in the Wilbur Hall court
with predance get-acquainted ac
tivities, arranged by San Jose.
There will also be an auction in
which something symbolic of
each school will he sold to the
highest bidder. A tug-of-war has
also been planned.
Tickets will be available in the
living groups.
Tickets will go on sale Monday
for the Class of '60 sponsored
Grand Triad, which will be held
in Wilbur Hall court Friday, May
17.
The completely reorganized ex
change between Cal and Stanford
includes San Jose for the first
time, and promises to be one of
the best freshman activities of
the year.
Gerun Moore's hand has been
contracted for the dance, which
will be the highlight of the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
The exchange will begin at 7
p.m. in the Wilbur Hall court
with predance get-acquainted ac
tivities, arranged by San Jose.
There will also be an auction in
which something symbolic of
each school will he sold to the
highest bidder. A tug-of-war has
also been planned.
Tickets will be available in the
living groups.
Tickets will go on sale Monday
for the Class of '60 sponsored
Grand Triad, which will be held
in Wilbur Hall court Friday, May
17.
The completely reorganized ex
change between Cal and Stanford
includes San Jose for the first
time, and promises to be one of
the best freshman activities of
the year.
Gerun Moore's hand has been
contracted for the dance, which
will be the highlight of the eve
ning. Intermission entertainment
will be provided by all three
schools. Refreshments will also
be served.
The exchange will begin at 7
p.m. in the Wilbur Hall court
with predance get-acquainted ac
tivities, arranged by San Jose.
There will also be an auction in
which something symbolic of
each school will he sold to the
highest bidder. A tug-of-war has
also been planned.
Tickets will be available in the
living groups.
