# HEAR SKIERS LEAD
## 
### 
RENO, Jan. 29 (UP).—To lead the
intercollegiate ski competition on
Mt. Rose Saturday, University of
California won a two-mile relay.
The California team covered the
course in 17 minutes, 51 seconds.
Nevada placed second and Utah
third.
RENO, Jan. 29 (UP).—To lead the
intercollegiate ski competition on
Mt. Rose Saturday, University of
California won a two-mile relay.
The California team covered the
course in 17 minutes, 51 seconds.
Nevada placed second and Utah
third.
RENO, Jan. 29 (UP).—To lead the
intercollegiate ski competition on
Mt. Rose Saturday, University of
California won a two-mile relay.
The California team covered the
course in 17 minutes, 51 seconds.
Nevada placed second and Utah
third.
RENO, Jan. 29 (UP).—To lead the
intercollegiate ski competition on
Mt. Rose Saturday, University of
California won a two-mile relay.
The California team covered the
course in 17 minutes, 51 seconds.
Nevada placed second and Utah
third.
RENO, Jan. 29 (UP).—To lead the
intercollegiate ski competition on
Mt. Rose Saturday, University of
California won a two-mile relay.
The California team covered the
course in 17 minutes, 51 seconds.
Nevada placed second and Utah
third.
RENO, Jan. 29 (UP).—To lead the
intercollegiate ski competition on
Mt. Rose Saturday, University of
California won a two-mile relay.
The California team covered the
course in 17 minutes, 51 seconds.
Nevada placed second and Utah
third.
RENO, Jan. 29 (UP).—To lead the
intercollegiate ski competition on
Mt. Rose Saturday, University of
California won a two-mile relay.
The California team covered the
course in 17 minutes, 51 seconds.
Nevada placed second and Utah
third.
RENO, Jan. 29 (UP).—To lead the
intercollegiate ski competition on
Mt. Rose Saturday, University of
California won a two-mile relay.
The California team covered the
course in 17 minutes, 51 seconds.
Nevada placed second and Utah
third.
RENO, Jan. 29 (UP).—To lead the
intercollegiate ski competition on
Mt. Rose Saturday, University of
California won a two-mile relay.
The California team covered the
course in 17 minutes, 51 seconds.
Nevada placed second and Utah
third.
RENO, Jan. 29 (UP).—To lead the
intercollegiate ski competition on
Mt. Rose Saturday, University of
California won a two-mile relay.
The California team covered the
course in 17 minutes, 51 seconds.
Nevada placed second and Utah
third.
RENO, Jan. 29 (UP).—To lead the
intercollegiate ski competition on
Mt. Rose Saturday, University of
California won a two-mile relay.
The California team covered the
course in 17 minutes, 51 seconds.
Nevada placed second and Utah
third.
RENO, Jan. 29 (UP).—To lead the
intercollegiate ski competition on
Mt. Rose Saturday, University of
California won a two-mile relay.
The California team covered the
course in 17 minutes, 51 seconds.
Nevada placed second and Utah
third.
RENO, Jan. 29 (UP).—To lead the
intercollegiate ski competition on
Mt. Rose Saturday, University of
California won a two-mile relay.
The California team covered the
course in 17 minutes, 51 seconds.
Nevada placed second and Utah
third.
RENO, Jan. 29 (UP).—To lead the
intercollegiate ski competition on
Mt. Rose Saturday, University of
California won a two-mile relay.
The California team covered the
course in 17 minutes, 51 seconds.
Nevada placed second and Utah
third.
RENO, Jan. 29 (UP).—To lead the
intercollegiate ski competition on
Mt. Rose Saturday, University of
California won a two-mile relay.
The California team covered the
course in 17 minutes, 51 seconds.
Nevada placed second and Utah
third.
RENO, Jan. 29 (UP).—To lead the
intercollegiate ski competition on
Mt. Rose Saturday, University of
California won a two-mile relay.
The California team covered the
course in 17 minutes, 51 seconds.
Nevada placed second and Utah
third.
