# MOTHERS CLUB PARTY
## 
### 
Theta Chi Mothers Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, tomorrow afternoon at 1
o'clock. The entertainment will be
provided by Dolores Miller, 13-year
old violinist, who last year won a
national contest from 2000 contest-

Candidates for admission to West
Point must be at least 5 feet 4
inches tall.
Theta Chi Mothers Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, tomorrow afternoon at 1
o'clock. The entertainment will be
provided by Dolores Miller, 13-year
old violinist, who last year won a
national contest from 2000 contest-

Candidates for admission to West
Point must be at least 5 feet 4
inches tall.
Theta Chi Mothers Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, tomorrow afternoon at 1
o'clock. The entertainment will be
provided by Dolores Miller, 13-year
old violinist, who last year won a
national contest from 2000 contest-

Candidates for admission to West
Point must be at least 5 feet 4
inches tall.
Theta Chi Mothers Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, tomorrow afternoon at 1
o'clock. The entertainment will be
provided by Dolores Miller, 13-year
old violinist, who last year won a
national contest from 2000 contest-

Candidates for admission to West
Point must be at least 5 feet 4
inches tall.
Theta Chi Mothers Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, tomorrow afternoon at 1
o'clock. The entertainment will be
provided by Dolores Miller, 13-year
old violinist, who last year won a
national contest from 2000 contest-

Candidates for admission to West
Point must be at least 5 feet 4
inches tall.
Theta Chi Mothers Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, tomorrow afternoon at 1
o'clock. The entertainment will be
provided by Dolores Miller, 13-year
old violinist, who last year won a
national contest from 2000 contest-

Candidates for admission to West
Point must be at least 5 feet 4
inches tall.
Theta Chi Mothers Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, tomorrow afternoon at 1
o'clock. The entertainment will be
provided by Dolores Miller, 13-year
old violinist, who last year won a
national contest from 2000 contest-

Candidates for admission to West
Point must be at least 5 feet 4
inches tall.
Theta Chi Mothers Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, tomorrow afternoon at 1
o'clock. The entertainment will be
provided by Dolores Miller, 13-year
old violinist, who last year won a
national contest from 2000 contest-

Candidates for admission to West
Point must be at least 5 feet 4
inches tall.
Theta Chi Mothers Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, tomorrow afternoon at 1
o'clock. The entertainment will be
provided by Dolores Miller, 13-year
old violinist, who last year won a
national contest from 2000 contest-

Candidates for admission to West
Point must be at least 5 feet 4
inches tall.
Theta Chi Mothers Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, tomorrow afternoon at 1
o'clock. The entertainment will be
provided by Dolores Miller, 13-year
old violinist, who last year won a
national contest from 2000 contest-

Candidates for admission to West
Point must be at least 5 feet 4
inches tall.
Theta Chi Mothers Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, tomorrow afternoon at 1
o'clock. The entertainment will be
provided by Dolores Miller, 13-year
old violinist, who last year won a
national contest from 2000 contest-

Candidates for admission to West
Point must be at least 5 feet 4
inches tall.
Theta Chi Mothers Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, tomorrow afternoon at 1
o'clock. The entertainment will be
provided by Dolores Miller, 13-year
old violinist, who last year won a
national contest from 2000 contest-

Candidates for admission to West
Point must be at least 5 feet 4
inches tall.
Theta Chi Mothers Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, tomorrow afternoon at 1
o'clock. The entertainment will be
provided by Dolores Miller, 13-year
old violinist, who last year won a
national contest from 2000 contest-

Candidates for admission to West
Point must be at least 5 feet 4
inches tall.
Theta Chi Mothers Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, tomorrow afternoon at 1
o'clock. The entertainment will be
provided by Dolores Miller, 13-year
old violinist, who last year won a
national contest from 2000 contest-

Candidates for admission to West
Point must be at least 5 feet 4
inches tall.
Theta Chi Mothers Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, tomorrow afternoon at 1
o'clock. The entertainment will be
provided by Dolores Miller, 13-year
old violinist, who last year won a
national contest from 2000 contest-

Candidates for admission to West
Point must be at least 5 feet 4
inches tall.
Theta Chi Mothers Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, tomorrow afternoon at 1
o'clock. The entertainment will be
provided by Dolores Miller, 13-year
old violinist, who last year won a
national contest from 2000 contest-

Candidates for admission to West
Point must be at least 5 feet 4
inches tall.
