# Franco Watches the Buttle
## 
### 

WITH BARCELONA, the Loyalist capital of Spain, within his grasp.
General Primera Franco (left) eominandef-in-chief of (he Spanish
insurgent forces, is shown watching through his field glasses as his
troops enter suburbs of Barcelona. By his side is General Solohaga.
(Acme Iladiotelephoto)

WITH BARCELONA, the Loyalist capital of Spain, within his grasp.
General Primera Franco (left) eominandef-in-chief of (he Spanish
insurgent forces, is shown watching through his field glasses as his
troops enter suburbs of Barcelona. By his side is General Solohaga.
(Acme Iladiotelephoto)

WITH BARCELONA, the Loyalist capital of Spain, within his grasp.
General Primera Franco (left) eominandef-in-chief of (he Spanish
insurgent forces, is shown watching through his field glasses as his
troops enter suburbs of Barcelona. By his side is General Solohaga.
(Acme Iladiotelephoto)

WITH BARCELONA, the Loyalist capital of Spain, within his grasp.
General Primera Franco (left) eominandef-in-chief of (he Spanish
insurgent forces, is shown watching through his field glasses as his
troops enter suburbs of Barcelona. By his side is General Solohaga.
(Acme Iladiotelephoto)

WITH BARCELONA, the Loyalist capital of Spain, within his grasp.
General Primera Franco (left) eominandef-in-chief of (he Spanish
insurgent forces, is shown watching through his field glasses as his
troops enter suburbs of Barcelona. By his side is General Solohaga.
(Acme Iladiotelephoto)

WITH BARCELONA, the Loyalist capital of Spain, within his grasp.
General Primera Franco (left) eominandef-in-chief of (he Spanish
insurgent forces, is shown watching through his field glasses as his
troops enter suburbs of Barcelona. By his side is General Solohaga.
(Acme Iladiotelephoto)

WITH BARCELONA, the Loyalist capital of Spain, within his grasp.
General Primera Franco (left) eominandef-in-chief of (he Spanish
insurgent forces, is shown watching through his field glasses as his
troops enter suburbs of Barcelona. By his side is General Solohaga.
(Acme Iladiotelephoto)

WITH BARCELONA, the Loyalist capital of Spain, within his grasp.
General Primera Franco (left) eominandef-in-chief of (he Spanish
insurgent forces, is shown watching through his field glasses as his
troops enter suburbs of Barcelona. By his side is General Solohaga.
(Acme Iladiotelephoto)

WITH BARCELONA, the Loyalist capital of Spain, within his grasp.
General Primera Franco (left) eominandef-in-chief of (he Spanish
insurgent forces, is shown watching through his field glasses as his
troops enter suburbs of Barcelona. By his side is General Solohaga.
(Acme Iladiotelephoto)

WITH BARCELONA, the Loyalist capital of Spain, within his grasp.
General Primera Franco (left) eominandef-in-chief of (he Spanish
insurgent forces, is shown watching through his field glasses as his
troops enter suburbs of Barcelona. By his side is General Solohaga.
(Acme Iladiotelephoto)

WITH BARCELONA, the Loyalist capital of Spain, within his grasp.
General Primera Franco (left) eominandef-in-chief of (he Spanish
insurgent forces, is shown watching through his field glasses as his
troops enter suburbs of Barcelona. By his side is General Solohaga.
(Acme Iladiotelephoto)

WITH BARCELONA, the Loyalist capital of Spain, within his grasp.
General Primera Franco (left) eominandef-in-chief of (he Spanish
insurgent forces, is shown watching through his field glasses as his
troops enter suburbs of Barcelona. By his side is General Solohaga.
(Acme Iladiotelephoto)

WITH BARCELONA, the Loyalist capital of Spain, within his grasp.
General Primera Franco (left) eominandef-in-chief of (he Spanish
insurgent forces, is shown watching through his field glasses as his
troops enter suburbs of Barcelona. By his side is General Solohaga.
(Acme Iladiotelephoto)

WITH BARCELONA, the Loyalist capital of Spain, within his grasp.
General Primera Franco (left) eominandef-in-chief of (he Spanish
insurgent forces, is shown watching through his field glasses as his
troops enter suburbs of Barcelona. By his side is General Solohaga.
(Acme Iladiotelephoto)

WITH BARCELONA, the Loyalist capital of Spain, within his grasp.
General Primera Franco (left) eominandef-in-chief of (he Spanish
insurgent forces, is shown watching through his field glasses as his
troops enter suburbs of Barcelona. By his side is General Solohaga.
(Acme Iladiotelephoto)

WITH BARCELONA, the Loyalist capital of Spain, within his grasp.
General Primera Franco (left) eominandef-in-chief of (he Spanish
insurgent forces, is shown watching through his field glasses as his
troops enter suburbs of Barcelona. By his side is General Solohaga.
(Acme Iladiotelephoto)
