# A 						Bicentennial art exhibit
## 
### 
The Department of French &
Italian in conjunction with the
French Consulate General in San
Francisco, has organized an
exhibit of reproductions of his
torical documents which com
memorate the bicentennial
Franco-American friendship.
The exhibit, in the lobby of the
Main Library.will be open to the
public through the end of the
summer session. It consists of
lithographs, books and maps as
well as a letter from Lafayette.

Clio Dorr, senior lecturer
in French, arranged the exhibit
with the assistance of Emmanuel
deCasteja, Consul General of Fr
ance, and Jacques Beauroy, Cul
tural Attache.
Dr. Paul Kann, curator of the
Romance languages collections.
Prof. Peter Paret of the History
Department and David Langen
berg. specialist in the general re
ference department collaborated
in the organization of the
exhibit.

The Department of French &
Italian in conjunction with the
French Consulate General in San
Francisco, has organized an
exhibit of reproductions of his
torical documents which com
memorate the bicentennial
Franco-American friendship.
The exhibit, in the lobby of the
Main Library.will be open to the
public through the end of the
summer session. It consists of
lithographs, books and maps as
well as a letter from Lafayette.

Clio Dorr, senior lecturer
in French, arranged the exhibit
with the assistance of Emmanuel
deCasteja, Consul General of Fr
ance, and Jacques Beauroy, Cul
tural Attache.
Dr. Paul Kann, curator of the
Romance languages collections.
Prof. Peter Paret of the History
Department and David Langen
berg. specialist in the general re
ference department collaborated
in the organization of the
exhibit.

The Department of French &
Italian in conjunction with the
French Consulate General in San
Francisco, has organized an
exhibit of reproductions of his
torical documents which com
memorate the bicentennial
Franco-American friendship.
The exhibit, in the lobby of the
Main Library.will be open to the
public through the end of the
summer session. It consists of
lithographs, books and maps as
well as a letter from Lafayette.

Clio Dorr, senior lecturer
in French, arranged the exhibit
with the assistance of Emmanuel
deCasteja, Consul General of Fr
ance, and Jacques Beauroy, Cul
tural Attache.
Dr. Paul Kann, curator of the
Romance languages collections.
Prof. Peter Paret of the History
Department and David Langen
berg. specialist in the general re
ference department collaborated
in the organization of the
exhibit.

The Department of French &
Italian in conjunction with the
French Consulate General in San
Francisco, has organized an
exhibit of reproductions of his
torical documents which com
memorate the bicentennial
Franco-American friendship.
The exhibit, in the lobby of the
Main Library.will be open to the
public through the end of the
summer session. It consists of
lithographs, books and maps as
well as a letter from Lafayette.

Clio Dorr, senior lecturer
in French, arranged the exhibit
with the assistance of Emmanuel
deCasteja, Consul General of Fr
ance, and Jacques Beauroy, Cul
tural Attache.
Dr. Paul Kann, curator of the
Romance languages collections.
Prof. Peter Paret of the History
Department and David Langen
berg. specialist in the general re
ference department collaborated
in the organization of the
exhibit.

The Department of French &
Italian in conjunction with the
French Consulate General in San
Francisco, has organized an
exhibit of reproductions of his
torical documents which com
memorate the bicentennial
Franco-American friendship.
The exhibit, in the lobby of the
Main Library.will be open to the
public through the end of the
summer session. It consists of
lithographs, books and maps as
well as a letter from Lafayette.

Clio Dorr, senior lecturer
in French, arranged the exhibit
with the assistance of Emmanuel
deCasteja, Consul General of Fr
ance, and Jacques Beauroy, Cul
tural Attache.
Dr. Paul Kann, curator of the
Romance languages collections.
Prof. Peter Paret of the History
Department and David Langen
berg. specialist in the general re
ference department collaborated
in the organization of the
exhibit.

The Department of French &
Italian in conjunction with the
French Consulate General in San
Francisco, has organized an
exhibit of reproductions of his
torical documents which com
memorate the bicentennial
Franco-American friendship.
The exhibit, in the lobby of the
Main Library.will be open to the
public through the end of the
summer session. It consists of
lithographs, books and maps as
well as a letter from Lafayette.

Clio Dorr, senior lecturer
in French, arranged the exhibit
with the assistance of Emmanuel
deCasteja, Consul General of Fr
ance, and Jacques Beauroy, Cul
tural Attache.
Dr. Paul Kann, curator of the
Romance languages collections.
Prof. Peter Paret of the History
Department and David Langen
berg. specialist in the general re
ference department collaborated
in the organization of the
exhibit.

The Department of French &
Italian in conjunction with the
French Consulate General in San
Francisco, has organized an
exhibit of reproductions of his
torical documents which com
memorate the bicentennial
Franco-American friendship.
The exhibit, in the lobby of the
Main Library.will be open to the
public through the end of the
summer session. It consists of
lithographs, books and maps as
well as a letter from Lafayette.

Clio Dorr, senior lecturer
in French, arranged the exhibit
with the assistance of Emmanuel
deCasteja, Consul General of Fr
ance, and Jacques Beauroy, Cul
tural Attache.
Dr. Paul Kann, curator of the
Romance languages collections.
Prof. Peter Paret of the History
Department and David Langen
berg. specialist in the general re
ference department collaborated
in the organization of the
exhibit.

The Department of French &
Italian in conjunction with the
French Consulate General in San
Francisco, has organized an
exhibit of reproductions of his
torical documents which com
memorate the bicentennial
Franco-American friendship.
The exhibit, in the lobby of the
Main Library.will be open to the
public through the end of the
summer session. It consists of
lithographs, books and maps as
well as a letter from Lafayette.

Clio Dorr, senior lecturer
in French, arranged the exhibit
with the assistance of Emmanuel
deCasteja, Consul General of Fr
ance, and Jacques Beauroy, Cul
tural Attache.
Dr. Paul Kann, curator of the
Romance languages collections.
Prof. Peter Paret of the History
Department and David Langen
berg. specialist in the general re
ference department collaborated
in the organization of the
exhibit.

The Department of French &
Italian in conjunction with the
French Consulate General in San
Francisco, has organized an
exhibit of reproductions of his
torical documents which com
memorate the bicentennial
Franco-American friendship.
The exhibit, in the lobby of the
Main Library.will be open to the
public through the end of the
summer session. It consists of
lithographs, books and maps as
well as a letter from Lafayette.

Clio Dorr, senior lecturer
in French, arranged the exhibit
with the assistance of Emmanuel
deCasteja, Consul General of Fr
ance, and Jacques Beauroy, Cul
tural Attache.
Dr. Paul Kann, curator of the
Romance languages collections.
Prof. Peter Paret of the History
Department and David Langen
berg. specialist in the general re
ference department collaborated
in the organization of the
exhibit.

The Department of French &
Italian in conjunction with the
French Consulate General in San
Francisco, has organized an
exhibit of reproductions of his
torical documents which com
memorate the bicentennial
Franco-American friendship.
The exhibit, in the lobby of the
Main Library.will be open to the
public through the end of the
summer session. It consists of
lithographs, books and maps as
well as a letter from Lafayette.

Clio Dorr, senior lecturer
in French, arranged the exhibit
with the assistance of Emmanuel
deCasteja, Consul General of Fr
ance, and Jacques Beauroy, Cul
tural Attache.
Dr. Paul Kann, curator of the
Romance languages collections.
Prof. Peter Paret of the History
Department and David Langen
berg. specialist in the general re
ference department collaborated
in the organization of the
exhibit.

The Department of French &
Italian in conjunction with the
French Consulate General in San
Francisco, has organized an
exhibit of reproductions of his
torical documents which com
memorate the bicentennial
Franco-American friendship.
The exhibit, in the lobby of the
Main Library.will be open to the
public through the end of the
summer session. It consists of
lithographs, books and maps as
well as a letter from Lafayette.

Clio Dorr, senior lecturer
in French, arranged the exhibit
with the assistance of Emmanuel
deCasteja, Consul General of Fr
ance, and Jacques Beauroy, Cul
tural Attache.
Dr. Paul Kann, curator of the
Romance languages collections.
Prof. Peter Paret of the History
Department and David Langen
berg. specialist in the general re
ference department collaborated
in the organization of the
exhibit.

The Department of French &
Italian in conjunction with the
French Consulate General in San
Francisco, has organized an
exhibit of reproductions of his
torical documents which com
memorate the bicentennial
Franco-American friendship.
The exhibit, in the lobby of the
Main Library.will be open to the
public through the end of the
summer session. It consists of
lithographs, books and maps as
well as a letter from Lafayette.

Clio Dorr, senior lecturer
in French, arranged the exhibit
with the assistance of Emmanuel
deCasteja, Consul General of Fr
ance, and Jacques Beauroy, Cul
tural Attache.
Dr. Paul Kann, curator of the
Romance languages collections.
Prof. Peter Paret of the History
Department and David Langen
berg. specialist in the general re
ference department collaborated
in the organization of the
exhibit.

The Department of French &
Italian in conjunction with the
French Consulate General in San
Francisco, has organized an
exhibit of reproductions of his
torical documents which com
memorate the bicentennial
Franco-American friendship.
The exhibit, in the lobby of the
Main Library.will be open to the
public through the end of the
summer session. It consists of
lithographs, books and maps as
well as a letter from Lafayette.

Clio Dorr, senior lecturer
in French, arranged the exhibit
with the assistance of Emmanuel
deCasteja, Consul General of Fr
ance, and Jacques Beauroy, Cul
tural Attache.
Dr. Paul Kann, curator of the
Romance languages collections.
Prof. Peter Paret of the History
Department and David Langen
berg. specialist in the general re
ference department collaborated
in the organization of the
exhibit.

