# Nevadan Describes Campaign
## 
### ROBERT W. NAYLOR Staff Editor 
Where in the world can tele
vision advertising at 2 a.m. help
win an election? Only in Nevada.
This and a number of other
out-of-t he-ordinary eamp a i g n
techniques were described yester
day by Paul Laxalt, Lieutenant
Governor of Nevada and the
single Republican state-wide win
ner in 1962. In that year Demo
crats lolled up a two-to-one mar
gin of victory in almost every
other state race.
THE 41-YEAROLD Lieutenant
Governor contended that imagin
ative advertising and a willing
ness to experiment with campaign
ideas can bring Republican vic
tories in almost any state.
Laxalt, a lawyer from Carson
City, was asked in June 1962 to
run for office in the second slot
of a ticket headed by Rex Bell.
Bell was considered the only Re
publican who stood a good chance
of defeating incumbent Governor
Grant Sawyer. Laxalt consented.
BUT FOLLOWING a Fourth of
July picnic, Bell died suddenly
of a heart attack, and Laxalt was
faced with a moneyless campaign
in a predominantly democratic
state. "I've never seen money dis
appear so quickly," he said.
In describing the ensuing cam
paign, Laxalt showed films of
some of the unorthodox television
advertising he felt was instru
mental in attracting attention to
his campaign. One ad showed a
desert tortoise whose shell was
painted with "Paul Laxalt for
Lieutenant Governor." The tor
toise creeps across the screen to
a Sousa march.
Where in the world can tele
vision advertising at 2 a.m. help
win an election? Only in Nevada.
This and a number of other
out-of-t he-ordinary eamp a i g n
techniques were described yester
day by Paul Laxalt, Lieutenant
Governor of Nevada and the
single Republican state-wide win
ner in 1962. In that year Demo
crats lolled up a two-to-one mar
gin of victory in almost every
other state race.
THE 41-YEAROLD Lieutenant
Governor contended that imagin
ative advertising and a willing
ness to experiment with campaign
ideas can bring Republican vic
tories in almost any state.
Laxalt, a lawyer from Carson
City, was asked in June 1962 to
run for office in the second slot
of a ticket headed by Rex Bell.
Bell was considered the only Re
publican who stood a good chance
of defeating incumbent Governor
Grant Sawyer. Laxalt consented.
BUT FOLLOWING a Fourth of
July picnic, Bell died suddenly
of a heart attack, and Laxalt was
faced with a moneyless campaign
in a predominantly democratic
state. "I've never seen money dis
appear so quickly," he said.
In describing the ensuing cam
paign, Laxalt showed films of
some of the unorthodox television
advertising he felt was instru
mental in attracting attention to
his campaign. One ad showed a
desert tortoise whose shell was
painted with "Paul Laxalt for
Lieutenant Governor." The tor
toise creeps across the screen to
a Sousa march.
Where in the world can tele
vision advertising at 2 a.m. help
win an election? Only in Nevada.
This and a number of other
out-of-t he-ordinary eamp a i g n
techniques were described yester
day by Paul Laxalt, Lieutenant
Governor of Nevada and the
single Republican state-wide win
ner in 1962. In that year Demo
crats lolled up a two-to-one mar
gin of victory in almost every
other state race.
THE 41-YEAROLD Lieutenant
Governor contended that imagin
ative advertising and a willing
ness to experiment with campaign
ideas can bring Republican vic
tories in almost any state.
Laxalt, a lawyer from Carson
City, was asked in June 1962 to
run for office in the second slot
of a ticket headed by Rex Bell.
Bell was considered the only Re
publican who stood a good chance
of defeating incumbent Governor
Grant Sawyer. Laxalt consented.
BUT FOLLOWING a Fourth of
July picnic, Bell died suddenly
of a heart attack, and Laxalt was
faced with a moneyless campaign
in a predominantly democratic
state. "I've never seen money dis
appear so quickly," he said.
In describing the ensuing cam
paign, Laxalt showed films of
some of the unorthodox television
advertising he felt was instru
mental in attracting attention to
his campaign. One ad showed a
desert tortoise whose shell was
painted with "Paul Laxalt for
Lieutenant Governor." The tor
toise creeps across the screen to
a Sousa march.
Where in the world can tele
vision advertising at 2 a.m. help
win an election? Only in Nevada.
This and a number of other
out-of-t he-ordinary eamp a i g n
techniques were described yester
day by Paul Laxalt, Lieutenant
Governor of Nevada and the
single Republican state-wide win
ner in 1962. In that year Demo
crats lolled up a two-to-one mar
gin of victory in almost every
other state race.
THE 41-YEAROLD Lieutenant
Governor contended that imagin
ative advertising and a willing
ness to experiment with campaign
ideas can bring Republican vic
tories in almost any state.
Laxalt, a lawyer from Carson
City, was asked in June 1962 to
run for office in the second slot
of a ticket headed by Rex Bell.
Bell was considered the only Re
publican who stood a good chance
of defeating incumbent Governor
Grant Sawyer. Laxalt consented.
BUT FOLLOWING a Fourth of
July picnic, Bell died suddenly
of a heart attack, and Laxalt was
faced with a moneyless campaign
in a predominantly democratic
state. "I've never seen money dis
appear so quickly," he said.
In describing the ensuing cam
paign, Laxalt showed films of
some of the unorthodox television
advertising he felt was instru
mental in attracting attention to
his campaign. One ad showed a
desert tortoise whose shell was
painted with "Paul Laxalt for
Lieutenant Governor." The tor
toise creeps across the screen to
a Sousa march.
Where in the world can tele
vision advertising at 2 a.m. help
win an election? Only in Nevada.
This and a number of other
out-of-t he-ordinary eamp a i g n
techniques were described yester
day by Paul Laxalt, Lieutenant
Governor of Nevada and the
single Republican state-wide win
ner in 1962. In that year Demo
crats lolled up a two-to-one mar
gin of victory in almost every
other state race.
THE 41-YEAROLD Lieutenant
Governor contended that imagin
ative advertising and a willing
ness to experiment with campaign
ideas can bring Republican vic
tories in almost any state.
Laxalt, a lawyer from Carson
City, was asked in June 1962 to
run for office in the second slot
of a ticket headed by Rex Bell.
Bell was considered the only Re
publican who stood a good chance
of defeating incumbent Governor
Grant Sawyer. Laxalt consented.
BUT FOLLOWING a Fourth of
July picnic, Bell died suddenly
of a heart attack, and Laxalt was
faced with a moneyless campaign
in a predominantly democratic
state. "I've never seen money dis
appear so quickly," he said.
In describing the ensuing cam
paign, Laxalt showed films of
some of the unorthodox television
advertising he felt was instru
mental in attracting attention to
his campaign. One ad showed a
desert tortoise whose shell was
painted with "Paul Laxalt for
Lieutenant Governor." The tor
toise creeps across the screen to
a Sousa march.
Where in the world can tele
vision advertising at 2 a.m. help
win an election? Only in Nevada.
This and a number of other
out-of-t he-ordinary eamp a i g n
techniques were described yester
day by Paul Laxalt, Lieutenant
Governor of Nevada and the
single Republican state-wide win
ner in 1962. In that year Demo
crats lolled up a two-to-one mar
gin of victory in almost every
other state race.
THE 41-YEAROLD Lieutenant
Governor contended that imagin
ative advertising and a willing
ness to experiment with campaign
ideas can bring Republican vic
tories in almost any state.
Laxalt, a lawyer from Carson
City, was asked in June 1962 to
run for office in the second slot
of a ticket headed by Rex Bell.
Bell was considered the only Re
publican who stood a good chance
of defeating incumbent Governor
Grant Sawyer. Laxalt consented.
BUT FOLLOWING a Fourth of
July picnic, Bell died suddenly
of a heart attack, and Laxalt was
faced with a moneyless campaign
in a predominantly democratic
state. "I've never seen money dis
appear so quickly," he said.
In describing the ensuing cam
paign, Laxalt showed films of
some of the unorthodox television
advertising he felt was instru
mental in attracting attention to
his campaign. One ad showed a
desert tortoise whose shell was
painted with "Paul Laxalt for
Lieutenant Governor." The tor
toise creeps across the screen to
a Sousa march.
Where in the world can tele
vision advertising at 2 a.m. help
win an election? Only in Nevada.
This and a number of other
out-of-t he-ordinary eamp a i g n
techniques were described yester
day by Paul Laxalt, Lieutenant
Governor of Nevada and the
single Republican state-wide win
ner in 1962. In that year Demo
crats lolled up a two-to-one mar
gin of victory in almost every
other state race.
THE 41-YEAROLD Lieutenant
Governor contended that imagin
ative advertising and a willing
ness to experiment with campaign
ideas can bring Republican vic
tories in almost any state.
Laxalt, a lawyer from Carson
City, was asked in June 1962 to
run for office in the second slot
of a ticket headed by Rex Bell.
Bell was considered the only Re
publican who stood a good chance
of defeating incumbent Governor
Grant Sawyer. Laxalt consented.
BUT FOLLOWING a Fourth of
July picnic, Bell died suddenly
of a heart attack, and Laxalt was
faced with a moneyless campaign
in a predominantly democratic
state. "I've never seen money dis
appear so quickly," he said.
In describing the ensuing cam
paign, Laxalt showed films of
some of the unorthodox television
advertising he felt was instru
mental in attracting attention to
his campaign. One ad showed a
desert tortoise whose shell was
painted with "Paul Laxalt for
Lieutenant Governor." The tor
toise creeps across the screen to
a Sousa march.
Where in the world can tele
vision advertising at 2 a.m. help
win an election? Only in Nevada.
This and a number of other
out-of-t he-ordinary eamp a i g n
techniques were described yester
day by Paul Laxalt, Lieutenant
Governor of Nevada and the
single Republican state-wide win
ner in 1962. In that year Demo
crats lolled up a two-to-one mar
gin of victory in almost every
other state race.
THE 41-YEAROLD Lieutenant
Governor contended that imagin
ative advertising and a willing
ness to experiment with campaign
ideas can bring Republican vic
tories in almost any state.
Laxalt, a lawyer from Carson
City, was asked in June 1962 to
run for office in the second slot
of a ticket headed by Rex Bell.
Bell was considered the only Re
publican who stood a good chance
of defeating incumbent Governor
Grant Sawyer. Laxalt consented.
BUT FOLLOWING a Fourth of
July picnic, Bell died suddenly
of a heart attack, and Laxalt was
faced with a moneyless campaign
in a predominantly democratic
state. "I've never seen money dis
appear so quickly," he said.
In describing the ensuing cam
paign, Laxalt showed films of
some of the unorthodox television
advertising he felt was instru
mental in attracting attention to
his campaign. One ad showed a
desert tortoise whose shell was
painted with "Paul Laxalt for
Lieutenant Governor." The tor
toise creeps across the screen to
a Sousa march.
Where in the world can tele
vision advertising at 2 a.m. help
win an election? Only in Nevada.
This and a number of other
out-of-t he-ordinary eamp a i g n
techniques were described yester
day by Paul Laxalt, Lieutenant
Governor of Nevada and the
single Republican state-wide win
ner in 1962. In that year Demo
crats lolled up a two-to-one mar
gin of victory in almost every
other state race.
THE 41-YEAROLD Lieutenant
Governor contended that imagin
ative advertising and a willing
ness to experiment with campaign
ideas can bring Republican vic
tories in almost any state.
Laxalt, a lawyer from Carson
City, was asked in June 1962 to
run for office in the second slot
of a ticket headed by Rex Bell.
Bell was considered the only Re
publican who stood a good chance
of defeating incumbent Governor
Grant Sawyer. Laxalt consented.
BUT FOLLOWING a Fourth of
July picnic, Bell died suddenly
of a heart attack, and Laxalt was
faced with a moneyless campaign
in a predominantly democratic
state. "I've never seen money dis
appear so quickly," he said.
In describing the ensuing cam
paign, Laxalt showed films of
some of the unorthodox television
advertising he felt was instru
mental in attracting attention to
his campaign. One ad showed a
desert tortoise whose shell was
painted with "Paul Laxalt for
Lieutenant Governor." The tor
toise creeps across the screen to
a Sousa march.
Where in the world can tele
vision advertising at 2 a.m. help
win an election? Only in Nevada.
This and a number of other
out-of-t he-ordinary eamp a i g n
techniques were described yester
day by Paul Laxalt, Lieutenant
Governor of Nevada and the
single Republican state-wide win
ner in 1962. In that year Demo
crats lolled up a two-to-one mar
gin of victory in almost every
other state race.
THE 41-YEAROLD Lieutenant
Governor contended that imagin
ative advertising and a willing
ness to experiment with campaign
ideas can bring Republican vic
tories in almost any state.
Laxalt, a lawyer from Carson
City, was asked in June 1962 to
run for office in the second slot
of a ticket headed by Rex Bell.
Bell was considered the only Re
publican who stood a good chance
of defeating incumbent Governor
Grant Sawyer. Laxalt consented.
BUT FOLLOWING a Fourth of
July picnic, Bell died suddenly
of a heart attack, and Laxalt was
faced with a moneyless campaign
in a predominantly democratic
state. "I've never seen money dis
appear so quickly," he said.
In describing the ensuing cam
paign, Laxalt showed films of
some of the unorthodox television
advertising he felt was instru
mental in attracting attention to
his campaign. One ad showed a
desert tortoise whose shell was
painted with "Paul Laxalt for
Lieutenant Governor." The tor
toise creeps across the screen to
a Sousa march.
Where in the world can tele
vision advertising at 2 a.m. help
win an election? Only in Nevada.
This and a number of other
out-of-t he-ordinary eamp a i g n
techniques were described yester
day by Paul Laxalt, Lieutenant
Governor of Nevada and the
single Republican state-wide win
ner in 1962. In that year Demo
crats lolled up a two-to-one mar
gin of victory in almost every
other state race.
THE 41-YEAROLD Lieutenant
Governor contended that imagin
ative advertising and a willing
ness to experiment with campaign
ideas can bring Republican vic
tories in almost any state.
Laxalt, a lawyer from Carson
City, was asked in June 1962 to
run for office in the second slot
of a ticket headed by Rex Bell.
Bell was considered the only Re
publican who stood a good chance
of defeating incumbent Governor
Grant Sawyer. Laxalt consented.
BUT FOLLOWING a Fourth of
July picnic, Bell died suddenly
of a heart attack, and Laxalt was
faced with a moneyless campaign
in a predominantly democratic
state. "I've never seen money dis
appear so quickly," he said.
In describing the ensuing cam
paign, Laxalt showed films of
some of the unorthodox television
advertising he felt was instru
mental in attracting attention to
his campaign. One ad showed a
desert tortoise whose shell was
painted with "Paul Laxalt for
Lieutenant Governor." The tor
toise creeps across the screen to
a Sousa march.
Where in the world can tele
vision advertising at 2 a.m. help
win an election? Only in Nevada.
This and a number of other
out-of-t he-ordinary eamp a i g n
techniques were described yester
day by Paul Laxalt, Lieutenant
Governor of Nevada and the
single Republican state-wide win
ner in 1962. In that year Demo
crats lolled up a two-to-one mar
gin of victory in almost every
other state race.
THE 41-YEAROLD Lieutenant
Governor contended that imagin
ative advertising and a willing
ness to experiment with campaign
ideas can bring Republican vic
tories in almost any state.
Laxalt, a lawyer from Carson
City, was asked in June 1962 to
run for office in the second slot
of a ticket headed by Rex Bell.
Bell was considered the only Re
publican who stood a good chance
of defeating incumbent Governor
Grant Sawyer. Laxalt consented.
BUT FOLLOWING a Fourth of
July picnic, Bell died suddenly
of a heart attack, and Laxalt was
faced with a moneyless campaign
in a predominantly democratic
state. "I've never seen money dis
appear so quickly," he said.
In describing the ensuing cam
paign, Laxalt showed films of
some of the unorthodox television
advertising he felt was instru
mental in attracting attention to
his campaign. One ad showed a
desert tortoise whose shell was
painted with "Paul Laxalt for
Lieutenant Governor." The tor
toise creeps across the screen to
a Sousa march.
Where in the world can tele
vision advertising at 2 a.m. help
win an election? Only in Nevada.
This and a number of other
out-of-t he-ordinary eamp a i g n
techniques were described yester
day by Paul Laxalt, Lieutenant
Governor of Nevada and the
single Republican state-wide win
ner in 1962. In that year Demo
crats lolled up a two-to-one mar
gin of victory in almost every
other state race.
THE 41-YEAROLD Lieutenant
Governor contended that imagin
ative advertising and a willing
ness to experiment with campaign
ideas can bring Republican vic
tories in almost any state.
Laxalt, a lawyer from Carson
City, was asked in June 1962 to
run for office in the second slot
of a ticket headed by Rex Bell.
Bell was considered the only Re
publican who stood a good chance
of defeating incumbent Governor
Grant Sawyer. Laxalt consented.
BUT FOLLOWING a Fourth of
July picnic, Bell died suddenly
of a heart attack, and Laxalt was
faced with a moneyless campaign
in a predominantly democratic
state. "I've never seen money dis
appear so quickly," he said.
In describing the ensuing cam
paign, Laxalt showed films of
some of the unorthodox television
advertising he felt was instru
mental in attracting attention to
his campaign. One ad showed a
desert tortoise whose shell was
painted with "Paul Laxalt for
Lieutenant Governor." The tor
toise creeps across the screen to
a Sousa march.
Where in the world can tele
vision advertising at 2 a.m. help
win an election? Only in Nevada.
This and a number of other
out-of-t he-ordinary eamp a i g n
techniques were described yester
day by Paul Laxalt, Lieutenant
Governor of Nevada and the
single Republican state-wide win
ner in 1962. In that year Demo
crats lolled up a two-to-one mar
gin of victory in almost every
other state race.
THE 41-YEAROLD Lieutenant
Governor contended that imagin
ative advertising and a willing
ness to experiment with campaign
ideas can bring Republican vic
tories in almost any state.
Laxalt, a lawyer from Carson
City, was asked in June 1962 to
run for office in the second slot
of a ticket headed by Rex Bell.
Bell was considered the only Re
publican who stood a good chance
of defeating incumbent Governor
Grant Sawyer. Laxalt consented.
BUT FOLLOWING a Fourth of
July picnic, Bell died suddenly
of a heart attack, and Laxalt was
faced with a moneyless campaign
in a predominantly democratic
state. "I've never seen money dis
appear so quickly," he said.
In describing the ensuing cam
paign, Laxalt showed films of
some of the unorthodox television
advertising he felt was instru
mental in attracting attention to
his campaign. One ad showed a
desert tortoise whose shell was
painted with "Paul Laxalt for
Lieutenant Governor." The tor
toise creeps across the screen to
a Sousa march.
Where in the world can tele
vision advertising at 2 a.m. help
win an election? Only in Nevada.
This and a number of other
out-of-t he-ordinary eamp a i g n
techniques were described yester
day by Paul Laxalt, Lieutenant
Governor of Nevada and the
single Republican state-wide win
ner in 1962. In that year Demo
crats lolled up a two-to-one mar
gin of victory in almost every
other state race.
THE 41-YEAROLD Lieutenant
Governor contended that imagin
ative advertising and a willing
ness to experiment with campaign
ideas can bring Republican vic
tories in almost any state.
Laxalt, a lawyer from Carson
City, was asked in June 1962 to
run for office in the second slot
of a ticket headed by Rex Bell.
Bell was considered the only Re
publican who stood a good chance
of defeating incumbent Governor
Grant Sawyer. Laxalt consented.
BUT FOLLOWING a Fourth of
July picnic, Bell died suddenly
of a heart attack, and Laxalt was
faced with a moneyless campaign
in a predominantly democratic
state. "I've never seen money dis
appear so quickly," he said.
In describing the ensuing cam
paign, Laxalt showed films of
some of the unorthodox television
advertising he felt was instru
mental in attracting attention to
his campaign. One ad showed a
desert tortoise whose shell was
painted with "Paul Laxalt for
Lieutenant Governor." The tor
toise creeps across the screen to
a Sousa march.
