# Philolexian.
## 
### 
I'llilolexian met Saturday eveuiug at
7:30 in room 21 with President Switzer
in the ehair. The program was opened
by an impromptu debate between Haas
and Lillard on the subject "Are Amer
ican politics becoming more corrupt?"
The regular debate was on the subject
" Resolved, That woman suffrage should
be adopted in California." Irwin sup
ported the affirmative and Adams and
Switzer the negative. Uishop gave an
impromptu speech on "The rise of the
department store," and Switzer spoke
on "The personality of Lincoln."
I'llilolexian met Saturday eveuiug at
7:30 in room 21 with President Switzer
in the ehair. The program was opened
by an impromptu debate between Haas
and Lillard on the subject "Are Amer
ican politics becoming more corrupt?"
The regular debate was on the subject
" Resolved, That woman suffrage should
be adopted in California." Irwin sup
ported the affirmative and Adams and
Switzer the negative. Uishop gave an
impromptu speech on "The rise of the
department store," and Switzer spoke
on "The personality of Lincoln."
I'llilolexian met Saturday eveuiug at
7:30 in room 21 with President Switzer
in the ehair. The program was opened
by an impromptu debate between Haas
and Lillard on the subject "Are Amer
ican politics becoming more corrupt?"
The regular debate was on the subject
" Resolved, That woman suffrage should
be adopted in California." Irwin sup
ported the affirmative and Adams and
Switzer the negative. Uishop gave an
impromptu speech on "The rise of the
department store," and Switzer spoke
on "The personality of Lincoln."
I'llilolexian met Saturday eveuiug at
7:30 in room 21 with President Switzer
in the ehair. The program was opened
by an impromptu debate between Haas
and Lillard on the subject "Are Amer
ican politics becoming more corrupt?"
The regular debate was on the subject
" Resolved, That woman suffrage should
be adopted in California." Irwin sup
ported the affirmative and Adams and
Switzer the negative. Uishop gave an
impromptu speech on "The rise of the
department store," and Switzer spoke
on "The personality of Lincoln."
