# Clinic Open House
## 
### 
A physical therapy open house
will be held tomorrow morning
from 10 to 12 in the Stanford
physical therapy clinic, Building
101, Stanford Village. Physical
therapy techniques will be dem
onstrated. Interested pers on s
have been requested to phone DA
2-6253.
A physical therapy open house
will be held tomorrow morning
from 10 to 12 in the Stanford
physical therapy clinic, Building
101, Stanford Village. Physical
therapy techniques will be dem
onstrated. Interested pers on s
have been requested to phone DA
2-6253.
A physical therapy open house
will be held tomorrow morning
from 10 to 12 in the Stanford
physical therapy clinic, Building
101, Stanford Village. Physical
therapy techniques will be dem
onstrated. Interested pers on s
have been requested to phone DA
2-6253.
A physical therapy open house
will be held tomorrow morning
from 10 to 12 in the Stanford
physical therapy clinic, Building
101, Stanford Village. Physical
therapy techniques will be dem
onstrated. Interested pers on s
have been requested to phone DA
2-6253.
A physical therapy open house
will be held tomorrow morning
from 10 to 12 in the Stanford
physical therapy clinic, Building
101, Stanford Village. Physical
therapy techniques will be dem
onstrated. Interested pers on s
have been requested to phone DA
2-6253.
A physical therapy open house
will be held tomorrow morning
from 10 to 12 in the Stanford
physical therapy clinic, Building
101, Stanford Village. Physical
therapy techniques will be dem
onstrated. Interested pers on s
have been requested to phone DA
2-6253.
A physical therapy open house
will be held tomorrow morning
from 10 to 12 in the Stanford
physical therapy clinic, Building
101, Stanford Village. Physical
therapy techniques will be dem
onstrated. Interested pers on s
have been requested to phone DA
2-6253.
A physical therapy open house
will be held tomorrow morning
from 10 to 12 in the Stanford
physical therapy clinic, Building
101, Stanford Village. Physical
therapy techniques will be dem
onstrated. Interested pers on s
have been requested to phone DA
2-6253.
A physical therapy open house
will be held tomorrow morning
from 10 to 12 in the Stanford
physical therapy clinic, Building
101, Stanford Village. Physical
therapy techniques will be dem
onstrated. Interested pers on s
have been requested to phone DA
2-6253.
A physical therapy open house
will be held tomorrow morning
from 10 to 12 in the Stanford
physical therapy clinic, Building
101, Stanford Village. Physical
therapy techniques will be dem
onstrated. Interested pers on s
have been requested to phone DA
2-6253.
A physical therapy open house
will be held tomorrow morning
from 10 to 12 in the Stanford
physical therapy clinic, Building
101, Stanford Village. Physical
therapy techniques will be dem
onstrated. Interested pers on s
have been requested to phone DA
2-6253.
A physical therapy open house
will be held tomorrow morning
from 10 to 12 in the Stanford
physical therapy clinic, Building
101, Stanford Village. Physical
therapy techniques will be dem
onstrated. Interested pers on s
have been requested to phone DA
2-6253.
A physical therapy open house
will be held tomorrow morning
from 10 to 12 in the Stanford
physical therapy clinic, Building
101, Stanford Village. Physical
therapy techniques will be dem
onstrated. Interested pers on s
have been requested to phone DA
2-6253.
A physical therapy open house
will be held tomorrow morning
from 10 to 12 in the Stanford
physical therapy clinic, Building
101, Stanford Village. Physical
therapy techniques will be dem
onstrated. Interested pers on s
have been requested to phone DA
2-6253.
A physical therapy open house
will be held tomorrow morning
from 10 to 12 in the Stanford
physical therapy clinic, Building
101, Stanford Village. Physical
therapy techniques will be dem
onstrated. Interested pers on s
have been requested to phone DA
2-6253.
A physical therapy open house
will be held tomorrow morning
from 10 to 12 in the Stanford
physical therapy clinic, Building
101, Stanford Village. Physical
therapy techniques will be dem
onstrated. Interested pers on s
have been requested to phone DA
2-6253.
A physical therapy open house
will be held tomorrow morning
from 10 to 12 in the Stanford
physical therapy clinic, Building
101, Stanford Village. Physical
therapy techniques will be dem
onstrated. Interested pers on s
have been requested to phone DA
2-6253.
