# RIFLE CLUB LOOKING FOR BIG MEMBERSHIP
## 
### 
The Stanford Rifle Club is looking
forward to a good year and is out for
new members. The army ordnance has
supplied them with plenty of ammuni
tion for the year's work. Two hundred
rounds will be allotted to each mem
ber free.
A team will be entered in the national
intercollegiate matches, which are open
to all University clubs of the National
Rifle Association. The teams fire their
scores on their own ranges, and the
scores are sent to Washington. Every
two weeks the standing o fthe teams is
given out.
Stanford had a team in the inter
collegiate matches last year, but could
not compete because the rifles did not
arrive in time. The rifles arc here now
and ready for use.
The Stanford Rifle Club is looking
forward to a good year and is out for
new members. The army ordnance has
supplied them with plenty of ammuni
tion for the year's work. Two hundred
rounds will be allotted to each mem
ber free.
A team will be entered in the national
intercollegiate matches, which are open
to all University clubs of the National
Rifle Association. The teams fire their
scores on their own ranges, and the
scores are sent to Washington. Every
two weeks the standing o fthe teams is
given out.
Stanford had a team in the inter
collegiate matches last year, but could
not compete because the rifles did not
arrive in time. The rifles arc here now
and ready for use.
The Stanford Rifle Club is looking
forward to a good year and is out for
new members. The army ordnance has
supplied them with plenty of ammuni
tion for the year's work. Two hundred
rounds will be allotted to each mem
ber free.
A team will be entered in the national
intercollegiate matches, which are open
to all University clubs of the National
Rifle Association. The teams fire their
scores on their own ranges, and the
scores are sent to Washington. Every
two weeks the standing o fthe teams is
given out.
Stanford had a team in the inter
collegiate matches last year, but could
not compete because the rifles did not
arrive in time. The rifles arc here now
and ready for use.
The Stanford Rifle Club is looking
forward to a good year and is out for
new members. The army ordnance has
supplied them with plenty of ammuni
tion for the year's work. Two hundred
rounds will be allotted to each mem
ber free.
A team will be entered in the national
intercollegiate matches, which are open
to all University clubs of the National
Rifle Association. The teams fire their
scores on their own ranges, and the
scores are sent to Washington. Every
two weeks the standing o fthe teams is
given out.
Stanford had a team in the inter
collegiate matches last year, but could
not compete because the rifles did not
arrive in time. The rifles arc here now
and ready for use.
The Stanford Rifle Club is looking
forward to a good year and is out for
new members. The army ordnance has
supplied them with plenty of ammuni
tion for the year's work. Two hundred
rounds will be allotted to each mem
ber free.
A team will be entered in the national
intercollegiate matches, which are open
to all University clubs of the National
Rifle Association. The teams fire their
scores on their own ranges, and the
scores are sent to Washington. Every
two weeks the standing o fthe teams is
given out.
Stanford had a team in the inter
collegiate matches last year, but could
not compete because the rifles did not
arrive in time. The rifles arc here now
and ready for use.
The Stanford Rifle Club is looking
forward to a good year and is out for
new members. The army ordnance has
supplied them with plenty of ammuni
tion for the year's work. Two hundred
rounds will be allotted to each mem
ber free.
A team will be entered in the national
intercollegiate matches, which are open
to all University clubs of the National
Rifle Association. The teams fire their
scores on their own ranges, and the
scores are sent to Washington. Every
two weeks the standing o fthe teams is
given out.
Stanford had a team in the inter
collegiate matches last year, but could
not compete because the rifles did not
arrive in time. The rifles arc here now
and ready for use.
The Stanford Rifle Club is looking
forward to a good year and is out for
new members. The army ordnance has
supplied them with plenty of ammuni
tion for the year's work. Two hundred
rounds will be allotted to each mem
ber free.
A team will be entered in the national
intercollegiate matches, which are open
to all University clubs of the National
Rifle Association. The teams fire their
scores on their own ranges, and the
scores are sent to Washington. Every
two weeks the standing o fthe teams is
given out.
Stanford had a team in the inter
collegiate matches last year, but could
not compete because the rifles did not
arrive in time. The rifles arc here now
and ready for use.
The Stanford Rifle Club is looking
forward to a good year and is out for
new members. The army ordnance has
supplied them with plenty of ammuni
tion for the year's work. Two hundred
rounds will be allotted to each mem
ber free.
A team will be entered in the national
intercollegiate matches, which are open
to all University clubs of the National
Rifle Association. The teams fire their
scores on their own ranges, and the
scores are sent to Washington. Every
two weeks the standing o fthe teams is
given out.
Stanford had a team in the inter
collegiate matches last year, but could
not compete because the rifles did not
arrive in time. The rifles arc here now
and ready for use.
The Stanford Rifle Club is looking
forward to a good year and is out for
new members. The army ordnance has
supplied them with plenty of ammuni
tion for the year's work. Two hundred
rounds will be allotted to each mem
ber free.
A team will be entered in the national
intercollegiate matches, which are open
to all University clubs of the National
Rifle Association. The teams fire their
scores on their own ranges, and the
scores are sent to Washington. Every
two weeks the standing o fthe teams is
given out.
Stanford had a team in the inter
collegiate matches last year, but could
not compete because the rifles did not
arrive in time. The rifles arc here now
and ready for use.
The Stanford Rifle Club is looking
forward to a good year and is out for
new members. The army ordnance has
supplied them with plenty of ammuni
tion for the year's work. Two hundred
rounds will be allotted to each mem
ber free.
A team will be entered in the national
intercollegiate matches, which are open
to all University clubs of the National
Rifle Association. The teams fire their
scores on their own ranges, and the
scores are sent to Washington. Every
two weeks the standing o fthe teams is
given out.
Stanford had a team in the inter
collegiate matches last year, but could
not compete because the rifles did not
arrive in time. The rifles arc here now
and ready for use.
The Stanford Rifle Club is looking
forward to a good year and is out for
new members. The army ordnance has
supplied them with plenty of ammuni
tion for the year's work. Two hundred
rounds will be allotted to each mem
ber free.
A team will be entered in the national
intercollegiate matches, which are open
to all University clubs of the National
Rifle Association. The teams fire their
scores on their own ranges, and the
scores are sent to Washington. Every
two weeks the standing o fthe teams is
given out.
Stanford had a team in the inter
collegiate matches last year, but could
not compete because the rifles did not
arrive in time. The rifles arc here now
and ready for use.
The Stanford Rifle Club is looking
forward to a good year and is out for
new members. The army ordnance has
supplied them with plenty of ammuni
tion for the year's work. Two hundred
rounds will be allotted to each mem
ber free.
A team will be entered in the national
intercollegiate matches, which are open
to all University clubs of the National
Rifle Association. The teams fire their
scores on their own ranges, and the
scores are sent to Washington. Every
two weeks the standing o fthe teams is
given out.
Stanford had a team in the inter
collegiate matches last year, but could
not compete because the rifles did not
arrive in time. The rifles arc here now
and ready for use.
The Stanford Rifle Club is looking
forward to a good year and is out for
new members. The army ordnance has
supplied them with plenty of ammuni
tion for the year's work. Two hundred
rounds will be allotted to each mem
ber free.
A team will be entered in the national
intercollegiate matches, which are open
to all University clubs of the National
Rifle Association. The teams fire their
scores on their own ranges, and the
scores are sent to Washington. Every
two weeks the standing o fthe teams is
given out.
Stanford had a team in the inter
collegiate matches last year, but could
not compete because the rifles did not
arrive in time. The rifles arc here now
and ready for use.
The Stanford Rifle Club is looking
forward to a good year and is out for
new members. The army ordnance has
supplied them with plenty of ammuni
tion for the year's work. Two hundred
rounds will be allotted to each mem
ber free.
A team will be entered in the national
intercollegiate matches, which are open
to all University clubs of the National
Rifle Association. The teams fire their
scores on their own ranges, and the
scores are sent to Washington. Every
two weeks the standing o fthe teams is
given out.
Stanford had a team in the inter
collegiate matches last year, but could
not compete because the rifles did not
arrive in time. The rifles arc here now
and ready for use.
The Stanford Rifle Club is looking
forward to a good year and is out for
new members. The army ordnance has
supplied them with plenty of ammuni
tion for the year's work. Two hundred
rounds will be allotted to each mem
ber free.
A team will be entered in the national
intercollegiate matches, which are open
to all University clubs of the National
Rifle Association. The teams fire their
scores on their own ranges, and the
scores are sent to Washington. Every
two weeks the standing o fthe teams is
given out.
Stanford had a team in the inter
collegiate matches last year, but could
not compete because the rifles did not
arrive in time. The rifles arc here now
and ready for use.
The Stanford Rifle Club is looking
forward to a good year and is out for
new members. The army ordnance has
supplied them with plenty of ammuni
tion for the year's work. Two hundred
rounds will be allotted to each mem
ber free.
A team will be entered in the national
intercollegiate matches, which are open
to all University clubs of the National
Rifle Association. The teams fire their
scores on their own ranges, and the
scores are sent to Washington. Every
two weeks the standing o fthe teams is
given out.
Stanford had a team in the inter
collegiate matches last year, but could
not compete because the rifles did not
arrive in time. The rifles arc here now
and ready for use.
