# CONVENTION DETAILS STUDIED AT MEETING OF N.S.F.A. OFFICIALS
## 
### 
At a meeting of officials of the Na
tional Students Federation of America
in San Francisco Friday night, plans
for the convention to be held at Stan
ford during the first week of Janu
ary, 1930, were developed and progress
of the various committees reported.
Those present at the meeting in
cluded Ursel C. Narver, former stu
dent body president of Oregon Uni
versity and now president of the
N.S.F.A.; John Van Amridge, general
chairman of the association; Stan
Weigel, former Stanford student body
president and now acting in an ad
visory capacity for the association;
Herb Wenig, general convention
chairman; and Stanford Steinbeck,
present student body head at Stan
ford.
Van Amridge reported that Will F.
Durand, Stanford emeritus professor
of mechanical engineering, and Judge
Jackson W. Ralston, famous interna
tional law expert, had accepted an in
vitation to address the forthcoming
convention.
Plans were also discussed for a 32-
page convention program which will
contain messages of greeting to the
delegates from President Hoover, Dr.
Wilbur, Dr. Swain, and Steinbeck. It
is planned to have a short history of
Stanford and a description of points
of interest in the program along with
other information of importance to
the convention delegates.
The committee in charge of prepar
ing the programs is headed by Bill
Robinson and includes Kenneth Mans
field, Alice Ingraham, Kathryn Teach,
and Geraldine Kinne.
At a meeting of officials of the Na
tional Students Federation of America
in San Francisco Friday night, plans
for the convention to be held at Stan
ford during the first week of Janu
ary, 1930, were developed and progress
of the various committees reported.
Those present at the meeting in
cluded Ursel C. Narver, former stu
dent body president of Oregon Uni
versity and now president of the
N.S.F.A.; John Van Amridge, general
chairman of the association; Stan
Weigel, former Stanford student body
president and now acting in an ad
visory capacity for the association;
Herb Wenig, general convention
chairman; and Stanford Steinbeck,
present student body head at Stan
ford.
Van Amridge reported that Will F.
Durand, Stanford emeritus professor
of mechanical engineering, and Judge
Jackson W. Ralston, famous interna
tional law expert, had accepted an in
vitation to address the forthcoming
convention.
Plans were also discussed for a 32-
page convention program which will
contain messages of greeting to the
delegates from President Hoover, Dr.
Wilbur, Dr. Swain, and Steinbeck. It
is planned to have a short history of
Stanford and a description of points
of interest in the program along with
other information of importance to
the convention delegates.
The committee in charge of prepar
ing the programs is headed by Bill
Robinson and includes Kenneth Mans
field, Alice Ingraham, Kathryn Teach,
and Geraldine Kinne.
At a meeting of officials of the Na
tional Students Federation of America
in San Francisco Friday night, plans
for the convention to be held at Stan
ford during the first week of Janu
ary, 1930, were developed and progress
of the various committees reported.
Those present at the meeting in
cluded Ursel C. Narver, former stu
dent body president of Oregon Uni
versity and now president of the
N.S.F.A.; John Van Amridge, general
chairman of the association; Stan
Weigel, former Stanford student body
president and now acting in an ad
visory capacity for the association;
Herb Wenig, general convention
chairman; and Stanford Steinbeck,
present student body head at Stan
ford.
Van Amridge reported that Will F.
Durand, Stanford emeritus professor
of mechanical engineering, and Judge
Jackson W. Ralston, famous interna
tional law expert, had accepted an in
vitation to address the forthcoming
convention.
Plans were also discussed for a 32-
page convention program which will
contain messages of greeting to the
delegates from President Hoover, Dr.
Wilbur, Dr. Swain, and Steinbeck. It
is planned to have a short history of
Stanford and a description of points
of interest in the program along with
other information of importance to
the convention delegates.
The committee in charge of prepar
ing the programs is headed by Bill
Robinson and includes Kenneth Mans
field, Alice Ingraham, Kathryn Teach,
and Geraldine Kinne.
At a meeting of officials of the Na
tional Students Federation of America
in San Francisco Friday night, plans
for the convention to be held at Stan
ford during the first week of Janu
ary, 1930, were developed and progress
of the various committees reported.
Those present at the meeting in
cluded Ursel C. Narver, former stu
dent body president of Oregon Uni
versity and now president of the
N.S.F.A.; John Van Amridge, general
chairman of the association; Stan
Weigel, former Stanford student body
president and now acting in an ad
visory capacity for the association;
Herb Wenig, general convention
chairman; and Stanford Steinbeck,
present student body head at Stan
ford.
Van Amridge reported that Will F.
Durand, Stanford emeritus professor
of mechanical engineering, and Judge
Jackson W. Ralston, famous interna
tional law expert, had accepted an in
vitation to address the forthcoming
convention.
Plans were also discussed for a 32-
page convention program which will
contain messages of greeting to the
delegates from President Hoover, Dr.
Wilbur, Dr. Swain, and Steinbeck. It
is planned to have a short history of
Stanford and a description of points
of interest in the program along with
other information of importance to
the convention delegates.
The committee in charge of prepar
ing the programs is headed by Bill
Robinson and includes Kenneth Mans
field, Alice Ingraham, Kathryn Teach,
and Geraldine Kinne.
At a meeting of officials of the Na
tional Students Federation of America
in San Francisco Friday night, plans
for the convention to be held at Stan
ford during the first week of Janu
ary, 1930, were developed and progress
of the various committees reported.
Those present at the meeting in
cluded Ursel C. Narver, former stu
dent body president of Oregon Uni
versity and now president of the
N.S.F.A.; John Van Amridge, general
chairman of the association; Stan
Weigel, former Stanford student body
president and now acting in an ad
visory capacity for the association;
Herb Wenig, general convention
chairman; and Stanford Steinbeck,
present student body head at Stan
ford.
Van Amridge reported that Will F.
Durand, Stanford emeritus professor
of mechanical engineering, and Judge
Jackson W. Ralston, famous interna
tional law expert, had accepted an in
vitation to address the forthcoming
convention.
Plans were also discussed for a 32-
page convention program which will
contain messages of greeting to the
delegates from President Hoover, Dr.
Wilbur, Dr. Swain, and Steinbeck. It
is planned to have a short history of
Stanford and a description of points
of interest in the program along with
other information of importance to
the convention delegates.
The committee in charge of prepar
ing the programs is headed by Bill
Robinson and includes Kenneth Mans
field, Alice Ingraham, Kathryn Teach,
and Geraldine Kinne.
At a meeting of officials of the Na
tional Students Federation of America
in San Francisco Friday night, plans
for the convention to be held at Stan
ford during the first week of Janu
ary, 1930, were developed and progress
of the various committees reported.
Those present at the meeting in
cluded Ursel C. Narver, former stu
dent body president of Oregon Uni
versity and now president of the
N.S.F.A.; John Van Amridge, general
chairman of the association; Stan
Weigel, former Stanford student body
president and now acting in an ad
visory capacity for the association;
Herb Wenig, general convention
chairman; and Stanford Steinbeck,
present student body head at Stan
ford.
Van Amridge reported that Will F.
Durand, Stanford emeritus professor
of mechanical engineering, and Judge
Jackson W. Ralston, famous interna
tional law expert, had accepted an in
vitation to address the forthcoming
convention.
Plans were also discussed for a 32-
page convention program which will
contain messages of greeting to the
delegates from President Hoover, Dr.
Wilbur, Dr. Swain, and Steinbeck. It
is planned to have a short history of
Stanford and a description of points
of interest in the program along with
other information of importance to
the convention delegates.
The committee in charge of prepar
ing the programs is headed by Bill
Robinson and includes Kenneth Mans
field, Alice Ingraham, Kathryn Teach,
and Geraldine Kinne.
At a meeting of officials of the Na
tional Students Federation of America
in San Francisco Friday night, plans
for the convention to be held at Stan
ford during the first week of Janu
ary, 1930, were developed and progress
of the various committees reported.
Those present at the meeting in
cluded Ursel C. Narver, former stu
dent body president of Oregon Uni
versity and now president of the
N.S.F.A.; John Van Amridge, general
chairman of the association; Stan
Weigel, former Stanford student body
president and now acting in an ad
visory capacity for the association;
Herb Wenig, general convention
chairman; and Stanford Steinbeck,
present student body head at Stan
ford.
Van Amridge reported that Will F.
Durand, Stanford emeritus professor
of mechanical engineering, and Judge
Jackson W. Ralston, famous interna
tional law expert, had accepted an in
vitation to address the forthcoming
convention.
Plans were also discussed for a 32-
page convention program which will
contain messages of greeting to the
delegates from President Hoover, Dr.
Wilbur, Dr. Swain, and Steinbeck. It
is planned to have a short history of
Stanford and a description of points
of interest in the program along with
other information of importance to
the convention delegates.
The committee in charge of prepar
ing the programs is headed by Bill
Robinson and includes Kenneth Mans
field, Alice Ingraham, Kathryn Teach,
and Geraldine Kinne.
At a meeting of officials of the Na
tional Students Federation of America
in San Francisco Friday night, plans
for the convention to be held at Stan
ford during the first week of Janu
ary, 1930, were developed and progress
of the various committees reported.
Those present at the meeting in
cluded Ursel C. Narver, former stu
dent body president of Oregon Uni
versity and now president of the
N.S.F.A.; John Van Amridge, general
chairman of the association; Stan
Weigel, former Stanford student body
president and now acting in an ad
visory capacity for the association;
Herb Wenig, general convention
chairman; and Stanford Steinbeck,
present student body head at Stan
ford.
Van Amridge reported that Will F.
Durand, Stanford emeritus professor
of mechanical engineering, and Judge
Jackson W. Ralston, famous interna
tional law expert, had accepted an in
vitation to address the forthcoming
convention.
Plans were also discussed for a 32-
page convention program which will
contain messages of greeting to the
delegates from President Hoover, Dr.
Wilbur, Dr. Swain, and Steinbeck. It
is planned to have a short history of
Stanford and a description of points
of interest in the program along with
other information of importance to
the convention delegates.
The committee in charge of prepar
ing the programs is headed by Bill
Robinson and includes Kenneth Mans
field, Alice Ingraham, Kathryn Teach,
and Geraldine Kinne.
At a meeting of officials of the Na
tional Students Federation of America
in San Francisco Friday night, plans
for the convention to be held at Stan
ford during the first week of Janu
ary, 1930, were developed and progress
of the various committees reported.
Those present at the meeting in
cluded Ursel C. Narver, former stu
dent body president of Oregon Uni
versity and now president of the
N.S.F.A.; John Van Amridge, general
chairman of the association; Stan
Weigel, former Stanford student body
president and now acting in an ad
visory capacity for the association;
Herb Wenig, general convention
chairman; and Stanford Steinbeck,
present student body head at Stan
ford.
Van Amridge reported that Will F.
Durand, Stanford emeritus professor
of mechanical engineering, and Judge
Jackson W. Ralston, famous interna
tional law expert, had accepted an in
vitation to address the forthcoming
convention.
Plans were also discussed for a 32-
page convention program which will
contain messages of greeting to the
delegates from President Hoover, Dr.
Wilbur, Dr. Swain, and Steinbeck. It
is planned to have a short history of
Stanford and a description of points
of interest in the program along with
other information of importance to
the convention delegates.
The committee in charge of prepar
ing the programs is headed by Bill
Robinson and includes Kenneth Mans
field, Alice Ingraham, Kathryn Teach,
and Geraldine Kinne.
At a meeting of officials of the Na
tional Students Federation of America
in San Francisco Friday night, plans
for the convention to be held at Stan
ford during the first week of Janu
ary, 1930, were developed and progress
of the various committees reported.
Those present at the meeting in
cluded Ursel C. Narver, former stu
dent body president of Oregon Uni
versity and now president of the
N.S.F.A.; John Van Amridge, general
chairman of the association; Stan
Weigel, former Stanford student body
president and now acting in an ad
visory capacity for the association;
Herb Wenig, general convention
chairman; and Stanford Steinbeck,
present student body head at Stan
ford.
Van Amridge reported that Will F.
Durand, Stanford emeritus professor
of mechanical engineering, and Judge
Jackson W. Ralston, famous interna
tional law expert, had accepted an in
vitation to address the forthcoming
convention.
Plans were also discussed for a 32-
page convention program which will
contain messages of greeting to the
delegates from President Hoover, Dr.
Wilbur, Dr. Swain, and Steinbeck. It
is planned to have a short history of
Stanford and a description of points
of interest in the program along with
other information of importance to
the convention delegates.
The committee in charge of prepar
ing the programs is headed by Bill
Robinson and includes Kenneth Mans
field, Alice Ingraham, Kathryn Teach,
and Geraldine Kinne.
At a meeting of officials of the Na
tional Students Federation of America
in San Francisco Friday night, plans
for the convention to be held at Stan
ford during the first week of Janu
ary, 1930, were developed and progress
of the various committees reported.
Those present at the meeting in
cluded Ursel C. Narver, former stu
dent body president of Oregon Uni
versity and now president of the
N.S.F.A.; John Van Amridge, general
chairman of the association; Stan
Weigel, former Stanford student body
president and now acting in an ad
visory capacity for the association;
Herb Wenig, general convention
chairman; and Stanford Steinbeck,
present student body head at Stan
ford.
Van Amridge reported that Will F.
Durand, Stanford emeritus professor
of mechanical engineering, and Judge
Jackson W. Ralston, famous interna
tional law expert, had accepted an in
vitation to address the forthcoming
convention.
Plans were also discussed for a 32-
page convention program which will
contain messages of greeting to the
delegates from President Hoover, Dr.
Wilbur, Dr. Swain, and Steinbeck. It
is planned to have a short history of
Stanford and a description of points
of interest in the program along with
other information of importance to
the convention delegates.
The committee in charge of prepar
ing the programs is headed by Bill
Robinson and includes Kenneth Mans
field, Alice Ingraham, Kathryn Teach,
and Geraldine Kinne.
At a meeting of officials of the Na
tional Students Federation of America
in San Francisco Friday night, plans
for the convention to be held at Stan
ford during the first week of Janu
ary, 1930, were developed and progress
of the various committees reported.
Those present at the meeting in
cluded Ursel C. Narver, former stu
dent body president of Oregon Uni
versity and now president of the
N.S.F.A.; John Van Amridge, general
chairman of the association; Stan
Weigel, former Stanford student body
president and now acting in an ad
visory capacity for the association;
Herb Wenig, general convention
chairman; and Stanford Steinbeck,
present student body head at Stan
ford.
Van Amridge reported that Will F.
Durand, Stanford emeritus professor
of mechanical engineering, and Judge
Jackson W. Ralston, famous interna
tional law expert, had accepted an in
vitation to address the forthcoming
convention.
Plans were also discussed for a 32-
page convention program which will
contain messages of greeting to the
delegates from President Hoover, Dr.
Wilbur, Dr. Swain, and Steinbeck. It
is planned to have a short history of
Stanford and a description of points
of interest in the program along with
other information of importance to
the convention delegates.
The committee in charge of prepar
ing the programs is headed by Bill
Robinson and includes Kenneth Mans
field, Alice Ingraham, Kathryn Teach,
and Geraldine Kinne.
At a meeting of officials of the Na
tional Students Federation of America
in San Francisco Friday night, plans
for the convention to be held at Stan
ford during the first week of Janu
ary, 1930, were developed and progress
of the various committees reported.
Those present at the meeting in
cluded Ursel C. Narver, former stu
dent body president of Oregon Uni
versity and now president of the
N.S.F.A.; John Van Amridge, general
chairman of the association; Stan
Weigel, former Stanford student body
president and now acting in an ad
visory capacity for the association;
Herb Wenig, general convention
chairman; and Stanford Steinbeck,
present student body head at Stan
ford.
Van Amridge reported that Will F.
Durand, Stanford emeritus professor
of mechanical engineering, and Judge
Jackson W. Ralston, famous interna
tional law expert, had accepted an in
vitation to address the forthcoming
convention.
Plans were also discussed for a 32-
page convention program which will
contain messages of greeting to the
delegates from President Hoover, Dr.
Wilbur, Dr. Swain, and Steinbeck. It
is planned to have a short history of
Stanford and a description of points
of interest in the program along with
other information of importance to
the convention delegates.
The committee in charge of prepar
ing the programs is headed by Bill
Robinson and includes Kenneth Mans
field, Alice Ingraham, Kathryn Teach,
and Geraldine Kinne.
At a meeting of officials of the Na
tional Students Federation of America
in San Francisco Friday night, plans
for the convention to be held at Stan
ford during the first week of Janu
ary, 1930, were developed and progress
of the various committees reported.
Those present at the meeting in
cluded Ursel C. Narver, former stu
dent body president of Oregon Uni
versity and now president of the
N.S.F.A.; John Van Amridge, general
chairman of the association; Stan
Weigel, former Stanford student body
president and now acting in an ad
visory capacity for the association;
Herb Wenig, general convention
chairman; and Stanford Steinbeck,
present student body head at Stan
ford.
Van Amridge reported that Will F.
Durand, Stanford emeritus professor
of mechanical engineering, and Judge
Jackson W. Ralston, famous interna
tional law expert, had accepted an in
vitation to address the forthcoming
convention.
Plans were also discussed for a 32-
page convention program which will
contain messages of greeting to the
delegates from President Hoover, Dr.
Wilbur, Dr. Swain, and Steinbeck. It
is planned to have a short history of
Stanford and a description of points
of interest in the program along with
other information of importance to
the convention delegates.
The committee in charge of prepar
ing the programs is headed by Bill
Robinson and includes Kenneth Mans
field, Alice Ingraham, Kathryn Teach,
and Geraldine Kinne.
At a meeting of officials of the Na
tional Students Federation of America
in San Francisco Friday night, plans
for the convention to be held at Stan
ford during the first week of Janu
ary, 1930, were developed and progress
of the various committees reported.
Those present at the meeting in
cluded Ursel C. Narver, former stu
dent body president of Oregon Uni
versity and now president of the
N.S.F.A.; John Van Amridge, general
chairman of the association; Stan
Weigel, former Stanford student body
president and now acting in an ad
visory capacity for the association;
Herb Wenig, general convention
chairman; and Stanford Steinbeck,
present student body head at Stan
ford.
Van Amridge reported that Will F.
Durand, Stanford emeritus professor
of mechanical engineering, and Judge
Jackson W. Ralston, famous interna
tional law expert, had accepted an in
vitation to address the forthcoming
convention.
Plans were also discussed for a 32-
page convention program which will
contain messages of greeting to the
delegates from President Hoover, Dr.
Wilbur, Dr. Swain, and Steinbeck. It
is planned to have a short history of
Stanford and a description of points
of interest in the program along with
other information of importance to
the convention delegates.
The committee in charge of prepar
ing the programs is headed by Bill
Robinson and includes Kenneth Mans
field, Alice Ingraham, Kathryn Teach,
and Geraldine Kinne.
At a meeting of officials of the Na
tional Students Federation of America
in San Francisco Friday night, plans
for the convention to be held at Stan
ford during the first week of Janu
ary, 1930, were developed and progress
of the various committees reported.
Those present at the meeting in
cluded Ursel C. Narver, former stu
dent body president of Oregon Uni
versity and now president of the
N.S.F.A.; John Van Amridge, general
chairman of the association; Stan
Weigel, former Stanford student body
president and now acting in an ad
visory capacity for the association;
Herb Wenig, general convention
chairman; and Stanford Steinbeck,
present student body head at Stan
ford.
Van Amridge reported that Will F.
Durand, Stanford emeritus professor
of mechanical engineering, and Judge
Jackson W. Ralston, famous interna
tional law expert, had accepted an in
vitation to address the forthcoming
convention.
Plans were also discussed for a 32-
page convention program which will
contain messages of greeting to the
delegates from President Hoover, Dr.
Wilbur, Dr. Swain, and Steinbeck. It
is planned to have a short history of
Stanford and a description of points
of interest in the program along with
other information of importance to
the convention delegates.
The committee in charge of prepar
ing the programs is headed by Bill
Robinson and includes Kenneth Mans
field, Alice Ingraham, Kathryn Teach,
and Geraldine Kinne.
At a meeting of officials of the Na
tional Students Federation of America
in San Francisco Friday night, plans
for the convention to be held at Stan
ford during the first week of Janu
ary, 1930, were developed and progress
of the various committees reported.
Those present at the meeting in
cluded Ursel C. Narver, former stu
dent body president of Oregon Uni
versity and now president of the
N.S.F.A.; John Van Amridge, general
chairman of the association; Stan
Weigel, former Stanford student body
president and now acting in an ad
visory capacity for the association;
Herb Wenig, general convention
chairman; and Stanford Steinbeck,
present student body head at Stan
ford.
Van Amridge reported that Will F.
Durand, Stanford emeritus professor
of mechanical engineering, and Judge
Jackson W. Ralston, famous interna
tional law expert, had accepted an in
vitation to address the forthcoming
convention.
Plans were also discussed for a 32-
page convention program which will
contain messages of greeting to the
delegates from President Hoover, Dr.
Wilbur, Dr. Swain, and Steinbeck. It
is planned to have a short history of
Stanford and a description of points
of interest in the program along with
other information of importance to
the convention delegates.
The committee in charge of prepar
ing the programs is headed by Bill
Robinson and includes Kenneth Mans
field, Alice Ingraham, Kathryn Teach,
and Geraldine Kinne.
