# POP SAYS RALLY ON FIELD TODAY WILL HELP TEAM
## Last Chance to See Squad in Action Before Clash With U.C. To Be This Afternoon Parade to Form in Front of Fiji House; Warner Lauds Rooting at Saturday Game 
### 
Stanford students will have their
last chance to see the football squad
in action at a rally to be held this
afternoon on the practice field at 5
o'clock, according to Coach "Pop"
Warner.
"If the students show pep and en
thusiasm it will certainly cheer the
team," Warner said last night in com
menting on the rally.
"I think the school spirit shown at
the game Saturday was the best I've
ever seen since I've been at Stan
ford," said Warner. "It had a decided
effect on the players—while we didn't
win it was not because the boys did
not play hard."
Steinbeck Comments
"We want every member of the
A.S.S.U. to be down at the field and
show the players we are behind
them," said Stanford Steinbeck, stu
dent body president. "Our school
spirit is not a thing of the past and
it is up to us to prove it to the team."
Preceding the rally a parade will
form at 4:50 o'clock in front of the
Phi Gamma Delta house. It will go
down the Row, past the halls, and to
the practice field.
Coach Warner, after urging the stu
dents to attend the rally, said:
"Saturday's rooting section was an
indication that things are picking up
around the campus. However, I think
that the school spirit does need a
revival."
Stanford students will have their
last chance to see the football squad
in action at a rally to be held this
afternoon on the practice field at 5
o'clock, according to Coach "Pop"
Warner.
"If the students show pep and en
thusiasm it will certainly cheer the
team," Warner said last night in com
menting on the rally.
"I think the school spirit shown at
the game Saturday was the best I've
ever seen since I've been at Stan
ford," said Warner. "It had a decided
effect on the players—while we didn't
win it was not because the boys did
not play hard."
Steinbeck Comments
"We want every member of the
A.S.S.U. to be down at the field and
show the players we are behind
them," said Stanford Steinbeck, stu
dent body president. "Our school
spirit is not a thing of the past and
it is up to us to prove it to the team."
Preceding the rally a parade will
form at 4:50 o'clock in front of the
Phi Gamma Delta house. It will go
down the Row, past the halls, and to
the practice field.
Coach Warner, after urging the stu
dents to attend the rally, said:
"Saturday's rooting section was an
indication that things are picking up
around the campus. However, I think
that the school spirit does need a
revival."
Stanford students will have their
last chance to see the football squad
in action at a rally to be held this
afternoon on the practice field at 5
o'clock, according to Coach "Pop"
Warner.
"If the students show pep and en
thusiasm it will certainly cheer the
team," Warner said last night in com
menting on the rally.
"I think the school spirit shown at
the game Saturday was the best I've
ever seen since I've been at Stan
ford," said Warner. "It had a decided
effect on the players—while we didn't
win it was not because the boys did
not play hard."
Steinbeck Comments
"We want every member of the
A.S.S.U. to be down at the field and
show the players we are behind
them," said Stanford Steinbeck, stu
dent body president. "Our school
spirit is not a thing of the past and
it is up to us to prove it to the team."
Preceding the rally a parade will
form at 4:50 o'clock in front of the
Phi Gamma Delta house. It will go
down the Row, past the halls, and to
the practice field.
Coach Warner, after urging the stu
dents to attend the rally, said:
"Saturday's rooting section was an
indication that things are picking up
around the campus. However, I think
that the school spirit does need a
revival."
Stanford students will have their
last chance to see the football squad
in action at a rally to be held this
afternoon on the practice field at 5
o'clock, according to Coach "Pop"
Warner.
"If the students show pep and en
thusiasm it will certainly cheer the
team," Warner said last night in com
menting on the rally.
"I think the school spirit shown at
the game Saturday was the best I've
ever seen since I've been at Stan
ford," said Warner. "It had a decided
effect on the players—while we didn't
win it was not because the boys did
not play hard."
Steinbeck Comments
"We want every member of the
A.S.S.U. to be down at the field and
show the players we are behind
them," said Stanford Steinbeck, stu
dent body president. "Our school
spirit is not a thing of the past and
it is up to us to prove it to the team."
Preceding the rally a parade will
form at 4:50 o'clock in front of the
Phi Gamma Delta house. It will go
down the Row, past the halls, and to
the practice field.
Coach Warner, after urging the stu
dents to attend the rally, said:
"Saturday's rooting section was an
indication that things are picking up
around the campus. However, I think
that the school spirit does need a
revival."
Stanford students will have their
last chance to see the football squad
in action at a rally to be held this
afternoon on the practice field at 5
o'clock, according to Coach "Pop"
Warner.
"If the students show pep and en
thusiasm it will certainly cheer the
team," Warner said last night in com
menting on the rally.
"I think the school spirit shown at
the game Saturday was the best I've
ever seen since I've been at Stan
ford," said Warner. "It had a decided
effect on the players—while we didn't
win it was not because the boys did
not play hard."
Steinbeck Comments
"We want every member of the
A.S.S.U. to be down at the field and
show the players we are behind
them," said Stanford Steinbeck, stu
dent body president. "Our school
spirit is not a thing of the past and
it is up to us to prove it to the team."
Preceding the rally a parade will
form at 4:50 o'clock in front of the
Phi Gamma Delta house. It will go
down the Row, past the halls, and to
the practice field.
Coach Warner, after urging the stu
dents to attend the rally, said:
"Saturday's rooting section was an
indication that things are picking up
around the campus. However, I think
that the school spirit does need a
revival."
Stanford students will have their
last chance to see the football squad
in action at a rally to be held this
afternoon on the practice field at 5
o'clock, according to Coach "Pop"
Warner.
"If the students show pep and en
thusiasm it will certainly cheer the
team," Warner said last night in com
menting on the rally.
"I think the school spirit shown at
the game Saturday was the best I've
ever seen since I've been at Stan
ford," said Warner. "It had a decided
effect on the players—while we didn't
win it was not because the boys did
not play hard."
Steinbeck Comments
"We want every member of the
A.S.S.U. to be down at the field and
show the players we are behind
them," said Stanford Steinbeck, stu
dent body president. "Our school
spirit is not a thing of the past and
it is up to us to prove it to the team."
Preceding the rally a parade will
form at 4:50 o'clock in front of the
Phi Gamma Delta house. It will go
down the Row, past the halls, and to
the practice field.
Coach Warner, after urging the stu
dents to attend the rally, said:
"Saturday's rooting section was an
indication that things are picking up
around the campus. However, I think
that the school spirit does need a
revival."
Stanford students will have their
last chance to see the football squad
in action at a rally to be held this
afternoon on the practice field at 5
o'clock, according to Coach "Pop"
Warner.
"If the students show pep and en
thusiasm it will certainly cheer the
team," Warner said last night in com
menting on the rally.
"I think the school spirit shown at
the game Saturday was the best I've
ever seen since I've been at Stan
ford," said Warner. "It had a decided
effect on the players—while we didn't
win it was not because the boys did
not play hard."
Steinbeck Comments
"We want every member of the
A.S.S.U. to be down at the field and
show the players we are behind
them," said Stanford Steinbeck, stu
dent body president. "Our school
spirit is not a thing of the past and
it is up to us to prove it to the team."
Preceding the rally a parade will
form at 4:50 o'clock in front of the
Phi Gamma Delta house. It will go
down the Row, past the halls, and to
the practice field.
Coach Warner, after urging the stu
dents to attend the rally, said:
"Saturday's rooting section was an
indication that things are picking up
around the campus. However, I think
that the school spirit does need a
revival."
Stanford students will have their
last chance to see the football squad
in action at a rally to be held this
afternoon on the practice field at 5
o'clock, according to Coach "Pop"
Warner.
"If the students show pep and en
thusiasm it will certainly cheer the
team," Warner said last night in com
menting on the rally.
"I think the school spirit shown at
the game Saturday was the best I've
ever seen since I've been at Stan
ford," said Warner. "It had a decided
effect on the players—while we didn't
win it was not because the boys did
not play hard."
Steinbeck Comments
"We want every member of the
A.S.S.U. to be down at the field and
show the players we are behind
them," said Stanford Steinbeck, stu
dent body president. "Our school
spirit is not a thing of the past and
it is up to us to prove it to the team."
Preceding the rally a parade will
form at 4:50 o'clock in front of the
Phi Gamma Delta house. It will go
down the Row, past the halls, and to
the practice field.
Coach Warner, after urging the stu
dents to attend the rally, said:
"Saturday's rooting section was an
indication that things are picking up
around the campus. However, I think
that the school spirit does need a
revival."
Stanford students will have their
last chance to see the football squad
in action at a rally to be held this
afternoon on the practice field at 5
o'clock, according to Coach "Pop"
Warner.
"If the students show pep and en
thusiasm it will certainly cheer the
team," Warner said last night in com
menting on the rally.
"I think the school spirit shown at
the game Saturday was the best I've
ever seen since I've been at Stan
ford," said Warner. "It had a decided
effect on the players—while we didn't
win it was not because the boys did
not play hard."
Steinbeck Comments
"We want every member of the
A.S.S.U. to be down at the field and
show the players we are behind
them," said Stanford Steinbeck, stu
dent body president. "Our school
spirit is not a thing of the past and
it is up to us to prove it to the team."
Preceding the rally a parade will
form at 4:50 o'clock in front of the
Phi Gamma Delta house. It will go
down the Row, past the halls, and to
the practice field.
Coach Warner, after urging the stu
dents to attend the rally, said:
"Saturday's rooting section was an
indication that things are picking up
around the campus. However, I think
that the school spirit does need a
revival."
Stanford students will have their
last chance to see the football squad
in action at a rally to be held this
afternoon on the practice field at 5
o'clock, according to Coach "Pop"
Warner.
"If the students show pep and en
thusiasm it will certainly cheer the
team," Warner said last night in com
menting on the rally.
"I think the school spirit shown at
the game Saturday was the best I've
ever seen since I've been at Stan
ford," said Warner. "It had a decided
effect on the players—while we didn't
win it was not because the boys did
not play hard."
Steinbeck Comments
"We want every member of the
A.S.S.U. to be down at the field and
show the players we are behind
them," said Stanford Steinbeck, stu
dent body president. "Our school
spirit is not a thing of the past and
it is up to us to prove it to the team."
Preceding the rally a parade will
form at 4:50 o'clock in front of the
Phi Gamma Delta house. It will go
down the Row, past the halls, and to
the practice field.
Coach Warner, after urging the stu
dents to attend the rally, said:
"Saturday's rooting section was an
indication that things are picking up
around the campus. However, I think
that the school spirit does need a
revival."
Stanford students will have their
last chance to see the football squad
in action at a rally to be held this
afternoon on the practice field at 5
o'clock, according to Coach "Pop"
Warner.
"If the students show pep and en
thusiasm it will certainly cheer the
team," Warner said last night in com
menting on the rally.
"I think the school spirit shown at
the game Saturday was the best I've
ever seen since I've been at Stan
ford," said Warner. "It had a decided
effect on the players—while we didn't
win it was not because the boys did
not play hard."
Steinbeck Comments
"We want every member of the
A.S.S.U. to be down at the field and
show the players we are behind
them," said Stanford Steinbeck, stu
dent body president. "Our school
spirit is not a thing of the past and
it is up to us to prove it to the team."
Preceding the rally a parade will
form at 4:50 o'clock in front of the
Phi Gamma Delta house. It will go
down the Row, past the halls, and to
the practice field.
Coach Warner, after urging the stu
dents to attend the rally, said:
"Saturday's rooting section was an
indication that things are picking up
around the campus. However, I think
that the school spirit does need a
revival."
Stanford students will have their
last chance to see the football squad
in action at a rally to be held this
afternoon on the practice field at 5
o'clock, according to Coach "Pop"
Warner.
"If the students show pep and en
thusiasm it will certainly cheer the
team," Warner said last night in com
menting on the rally.
"I think the school spirit shown at
the game Saturday was the best I've
ever seen since I've been at Stan
ford," said Warner. "It had a decided
effect on the players—while we didn't
win it was not because the boys did
not play hard."
Steinbeck Comments
"We want every member of the
A.S.S.U. to be down at the field and
show the players we are behind
them," said Stanford Steinbeck, stu
dent body president. "Our school
spirit is not a thing of the past and
it is up to us to prove it to the team."
Preceding the rally a parade will
form at 4:50 o'clock in front of the
Phi Gamma Delta house. It will go
down the Row, past the halls, and to
the practice field.
Coach Warner, after urging the stu
dents to attend the rally, said:
"Saturday's rooting section was an
indication that things are picking up
around the campus. However, I think
that the school spirit does need a
revival."
Stanford students will have their
last chance to see the football squad
in action at a rally to be held this
afternoon on the practice field at 5
o'clock, according to Coach "Pop"
Warner.
"If the students show pep and en
thusiasm it will certainly cheer the
team," Warner said last night in com
menting on the rally.
"I think the school spirit shown at
the game Saturday was the best I've
ever seen since I've been at Stan
ford," said Warner. "It had a decided
effect on the players—while we didn't
win it was not because the boys did
not play hard."
Steinbeck Comments
"We want every member of the
A.S.S.U. to be down at the field and
show the players we are behind
them," said Stanford Steinbeck, stu
dent body president. "Our school
spirit is not a thing of the past and
it is up to us to prove it to the team."
Preceding the rally a parade will
form at 4:50 o'clock in front of the
Phi Gamma Delta house. It will go
down the Row, past the halls, and to
the practice field.
Coach Warner, after urging the stu
dents to attend the rally, said:
"Saturday's rooting section was an
indication that things are picking up
around the campus. However, I think
that the school spirit does need a
revival."
Stanford students will have their
last chance to see the football squad
in action at a rally to be held this
afternoon on the practice field at 5
o'clock, according to Coach "Pop"
Warner.
"If the students show pep and en
thusiasm it will certainly cheer the
team," Warner said last night in com
menting on the rally.
"I think the school spirit shown at
the game Saturday was the best I've
ever seen since I've been at Stan
ford," said Warner. "It had a decided
effect on the players—while we didn't
win it was not because the boys did
not play hard."
Steinbeck Comments
"We want every member of the
A.S.S.U. to be down at the field and
show the players we are behind
them," said Stanford Steinbeck, stu
dent body president. "Our school
spirit is not a thing of the past and
it is up to us to prove it to the team."
Preceding the rally a parade will
form at 4:50 o'clock in front of the
Phi Gamma Delta house. It will go
down the Row, past the halls, and to
the practice field.
Coach Warner, after urging the stu
dents to attend the rally, said:
"Saturday's rooting section was an
indication that things are picking up
around the campus. However, I think
that the school spirit does need a
revival."
Stanford students will have their
last chance to see the football squad
in action at a rally to be held this
afternoon on the practice field at 5
o'clock, according to Coach "Pop"
Warner.
"If the students show pep and en
thusiasm it will certainly cheer the
team," Warner said last night in com
menting on the rally.
"I think the school spirit shown at
the game Saturday was the best I've
ever seen since I've been at Stan
ford," said Warner. "It had a decided
effect on the players—while we didn't
win it was not because the boys did
not play hard."
Steinbeck Comments
"We want every member of the
A.S.S.U. to be down at the field and
show the players we are behind
them," said Stanford Steinbeck, stu
dent body president. "Our school
spirit is not a thing of the past and
it is up to us to prove it to the team."
Preceding the rally a parade will
form at 4:50 o'clock in front of the
Phi Gamma Delta house. It will go
down the Row, past the halls, and to
the practice field.
Coach Warner, after urging the stu
dents to attend the rally, said:
"Saturday's rooting section was an
indication that things are picking up
around the campus. However, I think
that the school spirit does need a
revival."
Stanford students will have their
last chance to see the football squad
in action at a rally to be held this
afternoon on the practice field at 5
o'clock, according to Coach "Pop"
Warner.
"If the students show pep and en
thusiasm it will certainly cheer the
team," Warner said last night in com
menting on the rally.
"I think the school spirit shown at
the game Saturday was the best I've
ever seen since I've been at Stan
ford," said Warner. "It had a decided
effect on the players—while we didn't
win it was not because the boys did
not play hard."
Steinbeck Comments
"We want every member of the
A.S.S.U. to be down at the field and
show the players we are behind
them," said Stanford Steinbeck, stu
dent body president. "Our school
spirit is not a thing of the past and
it is up to us to prove it to the team."
Preceding the rally a parade will
form at 4:50 o'clock in front of the
Phi Gamma Delta house. It will go
down the Row, past the halls, and to
the practice field.
Coach Warner, after urging the stu
dents to attend the rally, said:
"Saturday's rooting section was an
indication that things are picking up
around the campus. However, I think
that the school spirit does need a
revival."
Stanford students will have their
last chance to see the football squad
in action at a rally to be held this
afternoon on the practice field at 5
o'clock, according to Coach "Pop"
Warner.
"If the students show pep and en
thusiasm it will certainly cheer the
team," Warner said last night in com
menting on the rally.
"I think the school spirit shown at
the game Saturday was the best I've
ever seen since I've been at Stan
ford," said Warner. "It had a decided
effect on the players—while we didn't
win it was not because the boys did
not play hard."
Steinbeck Comments
"We want every member of the
A.S.S.U. to be down at the field and
show the players we are behind
them," said Stanford Steinbeck, stu
dent body president. "Our school
spirit is not a thing of the past and
it is up to us to prove it to the team."
Preceding the rally a parade will
form at 4:50 o'clock in front of the
Phi Gamma Delta house. It will go
down the Row, past the halls, and to
the practice field.
Coach Warner, after urging the stu
dents to attend the rally, said:
"Saturday's rooting section was an
indication that things are picking up
around the campus. However, I think
that the school spirit does need a
revival."
