# El Toro Wins Close Race For Cross-Country Trophy
## 
### 
Doug Aiken, Oliver Northcote, and
James Nunes won individual honors in
the annual intramural cross-country
run held Saturday, while El Toro
walked off with the team trophy for
the third consecutive year. The race
for team honors was the closest since
competition has begun, the club team
winning by a margin of one point
over the strong Independent organiza
tion.
The first five finishers in the five
mile run were: Doug Aiken, A.T.0.,
first; Oliver Northcote, El Toro, sec
ond; James Nunes, Independents,
third; Dick Wright, El Toro, fourth;
and Allen Storms, Independents, fifth.
With these men in, the team score
stood Toro 6, Independents 8. Titus,
Independent, finished ninth, and Uran
dall of Toro tenth, to make the final
score Toro 10, Independents 17.
