# Red Cross Increases Return 400 Per Cent Under A.S.S.U. Drive
## Full Support Pledged by 13 Houses to Date; $ 1000 Total Expected 
### 
Contributions to the annual Red
Cross drive on the campus this year
have shown an increase of 400 per
cent over those received last year.
This is the first drive which has been
conducted under the supervision of
the A.S.S.U., and Dr. Harry M. Rey
nolds, director for the Palo Alto dis
trict, expressed his approval of the
new system and extreme gratification
for the support given by the students
at Stanford.
Thirteen fraternities and sororities
have so far turned in 100 per cent
support to the drive, according to
George Bodle, chairman. These houses
are Theta Delta Chi, Theta Xi, Phi
Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Delta, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Delta Delta Delta, Pi
Beta Phi, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Delta
Gamma, Gamma Phi Beta, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Alpha Phi, and Alpha
Omicron Pi.
Roble Hall has reported $1G3.75, the
Union dormitories $51.00, Branner
$28.50, and Toyon $20. Encina shows
an incomplete total of $163.75, while
the drive in Sequoia will not start
until today.
"The complete total should run well
over $1000," states Bodle. "The total
to date is $822.47, as compared with
$300 last year. A final statement can
not be given until Wednesday, at
which time all the money will have
been turned in. Any persons who have
not yet had an opportunity to con
tribute and wish to do so may see
Sarah Grant, women's chairman, or
myself."
Contributions to the annual Red
Cross drive on the campus this year
have shown an increase of 400 per
cent over those received last year.
This is the first drive which has been
conducted under the supervision of
the A.S.S.U., and Dr. Harry M. Rey
nolds, director for the Palo Alto dis
trict, expressed his approval of the
new system and extreme gratification
for the support given by the students
at Stanford.
Thirteen fraternities and sororities
have so far turned in 100 per cent
support to the drive, according to
George Bodle, chairman. These houses
are Theta Delta Chi, Theta Xi, Phi
Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Delta, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Delta Delta Delta, Pi
Beta Phi, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Delta
Gamma, Gamma Phi Beta, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Alpha Phi, and Alpha
Omicron Pi.
Roble Hall has reported $1G3.75, the
Union dormitories $51.00, Branner
$28.50, and Toyon $20. Encina shows
an incomplete total of $163.75, while
the drive in Sequoia will not start
until today.
"The complete total should run well
over $1000," states Bodle. "The total
to date is $822.47, as compared with
$300 last year. A final statement can
not be given until Wednesday, at
which time all the money will have
been turned in. Any persons who have
not yet had an opportunity to con
tribute and wish to do so may see
Sarah Grant, women's chairman, or
myself."
Contributions to the annual Red
Cross drive on the campus this year
have shown an increase of 400 per
cent over those received last year.
This is the first drive which has been
conducted under the supervision of
the A.S.S.U., and Dr. Harry M. Rey
nolds, director for the Palo Alto dis
trict, expressed his approval of the
new system and extreme gratification
for the support given by the students
at Stanford.
Thirteen fraternities and sororities
have so far turned in 100 per cent
support to the drive, according to
George Bodle, chairman. These houses
are Theta Delta Chi, Theta Xi, Phi
Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Delta, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Delta Delta Delta, Pi
Beta Phi, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Delta
Gamma, Gamma Phi Beta, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Alpha Phi, and Alpha
Omicron Pi.
Roble Hall has reported $1G3.75, the
Union dormitories $51.00, Branner
$28.50, and Toyon $20. Encina shows
an incomplete total of $163.75, while
the drive in Sequoia will not start
until today.
"The complete total should run well
over $1000," states Bodle. "The total
to date is $822.47, as compared with
$300 last year. A final statement can
not be given until Wednesday, at
which time all the money will have
been turned in. Any persons who have
not yet had an opportunity to con
tribute and wish to do so may see
Sarah Grant, women's chairman, or
myself."
Contributions to the annual Red
Cross drive on the campus this year
have shown an increase of 400 per
cent over those received last year.
This is the first drive which has been
conducted under the supervision of
the A.S.S.U., and Dr. Harry M. Rey
nolds, director for the Palo Alto dis
trict, expressed his approval of the
new system and extreme gratification
for the support given by the students
at Stanford.
Thirteen fraternities and sororities
have so far turned in 100 per cent
support to the drive, according to
George Bodle, chairman. These houses
are Theta Delta Chi, Theta Xi, Phi
Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Delta, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Delta Delta Delta, Pi
Beta Phi, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Delta
Gamma, Gamma Phi Beta, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Alpha Phi, and Alpha
Omicron Pi.
Roble Hall has reported $1G3.75, the
Union dormitories $51.00, Branner
$28.50, and Toyon $20. Encina shows
an incomplete total of $163.75, while
the drive in Sequoia will not start
until today.
"The complete total should run well
over $1000," states Bodle. "The total
to date is $822.47, as compared with
$300 last year. A final statement can
not be given until Wednesday, at
which time all the money will have
been turned in. Any persons who have
not yet had an opportunity to con
tribute and wish to do so may see
Sarah Grant, women's chairman, or
myself."
Contributions to the annual Red
Cross drive on the campus this year
have shown an increase of 400 per
cent over those received last year.
This is the first drive which has been
conducted under the supervision of
the A.S.S.U., and Dr. Harry M. Rey
nolds, director for the Palo Alto dis
trict, expressed his approval of the
new system and extreme gratification
for the support given by the students
at Stanford.
Thirteen fraternities and sororities
have so far turned in 100 per cent
support to the drive, according to
George Bodle, chairman. These houses
are Theta Delta Chi, Theta Xi, Phi
Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Delta, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Delta Delta Delta, Pi
Beta Phi, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Delta
Gamma, Gamma Phi Beta, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Alpha Phi, and Alpha
Omicron Pi.
Roble Hall has reported $1G3.75, the
Union dormitories $51.00, Branner
$28.50, and Toyon $20. Encina shows
an incomplete total of $163.75, while
the drive in Sequoia will not start
until today.
"The complete total should run well
over $1000," states Bodle. "The total
to date is $822.47, as compared with
$300 last year. A final statement can
not be given until Wednesday, at
which time all the money will have
been turned in. Any persons who have
not yet had an opportunity to con
tribute and wish to do so may see
Sarah Grant, women's chairman, or
myself."
Contributions to the annual Red
Cross drive on the campus this year
have shown an increase of 400 per
cent over those received last year.
This is the first drive which has been
conducted under the supervision of
the A.S.S.U., and Dr. Harry M. Rey
nolds, director for the Palo Alto dis
trict, expressed his approval of the
new system and extreme gratification
for the support given by the students
at Stanford.
Thirteen fraternities and sororities
have so far turned in 100 per cent
support to the drive, according to
George Bodle, chairman. These houses
are Theta Delta Chi, Theta Xi, Phi
Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Delta, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Delta Delta Delta, Pi
Beta Phi, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Delta
Gamma, Gamma Phi Beta, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Alpha Phi, and Alpha
Omicron Pi.
Roble Hall has reported $1G3.75, the
Union dormitories $51.00, Branner
$28.50, and Toyon $20. Encina shows
an incomplete total of $163.75, while
the drive in Sequoia will not start
until today.
"The complete total should run well
over $1000," states Bodle. "The total
to date is $822.47, as compared with
$300 last year. A final statement can
not be given until Wednesday, at
which time all the money will have
been turned in. Any persons who have
not yet had an opportunity to con
tribute and wish to do so may see
Sarah Grant, women's chairman, or
myself."
Contributions to the annual Red
Cross drive on the campus this year
have shown an increase of 400 per
cent over those received last year.
This is the first drive which has been
conducted under the supervision of
the A.S.S.U., and Dr. Harry M. Rey
nolds, director for the Palo Alto dis
trict, expressed his approval of the
new system and extreme gratification
for the support given by the students
at Stanford.
Thirteen fraternities and sororities
have so far turned in 100 per cent
support to the drive, according to
George Bodle, chairman. These houses
are Theta Delta Chi, Theta Xi, Phi
Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Delta, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Delta Delta Delta, Pi
Beta Phi, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Delta
Gamma, Gamma Phi Beta, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Alpha Phi, and Alpha
Omicron Pi.
Roble Hall has reported $1G3.75, the
Union dormitories $51.00, Branner
$28.50, and Toyon $20. Encina shows
an incomplete total of $163.75, while
the drive in Sequoia will not start
until today.
"The complete total should run well
over $1000," states Bodle. "The total
to date is $822.47, as compared with
$300 last year. A final statement can
not be given until Wednesday, at
which time all the money will have
been turned in. Any persons who have
not yet had an opportunity to con
tribute and wish to do so may see
Sarah Grant, women's chairman, or
myself."
Contributions to the annual Red
Cross drive on the campus this year
have shown an increase of 400 per
cent over those received last year.
This is the first drive which has been
conducted under the supervision of
the A.S.S.U., and Dr. Harry M. Rey
nolds, director for the Palo Alto dis
trict, expressed his approval of the
new system and extreme gratification
for the support given by the students
at Stanford.
Thirteen fraternities and sororities
have so far turned in 100 per cent
support to the drive, according to
George Bodle, chairman. These houses
are Theta Delta Chi, Theta Xi, Phi
Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Delta, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Delta Delta Delta, Pi
Beta Phi, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Delta
Gamma, Gamma Phi Beta, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Alpha Phi, and Alpha
Omicron Pi.
Roble Hall has reported $1G3.75, the
Union dormitories $51.00, Branner
$28.50, and Toyon $20. Encina shows
an incomplete total of $163.75, while
the drive in Sequoia will not start
until today.
"The complete total should run well
over $1000," states Bodle. "The total
to date is $822.47, as compared with
$300 last year. A final statement can
not be given until Wednesday, at
which time all the money will have
been turned in. Any persons who have
not yet had an opportunity to con
tribute and wish to do so may see
Sarah Grant, women's chairman, or
myself."
Contributions to the annual Red
Cross drive on the campus this year
have shown an increase of 400 per
cent over those received last year.
This is the first drive which has been
conducted under the supervision of
the A.S.S.U., and Dr. Harry M. Rey
nolds, director for the Palo Alto dis
trict, expressed his approval of the
new system and extreme gratification
for the support given by the students
at Stanford.
Thirteen fraternities and sororities
have so far turned in 100 per cent
support to the drive, according to
George Bodle, chairman. These houses
are Theta Delta Chi, Theta Xi, Phi
Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Delta, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Delta Delta Delta, Pi
Beta Phi, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Delta
Gamma, Gamma Phi Beta, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Alpha Phi, and Alpha
Omicron Pi.
Roble Hall has reported $1G3.75, the
Union dormitories $51.00, Branner
$28.50, and Toyon $20. Encina shows
an incomplete total of $163.75, while
the drive in Sequoia will not start
until today.
"The complete total should run well
over $1000," states Bodle. "The total
to date is $822.47, as compared with
$300 last year. A final statement can
not be given until Wednesday, at
which time all the money will have
been turned in. Any persons who have
not yet had an opportunity to con
tribute and wish to do so may see
Sarah Grant, women's chairman, or
myself."
Contributions to the annual Red
Cross drive on the campus this year
have shown an increase of 400 per
cent over those received last year.
This is the first drive which has been
conducted under the supervision of
the A.S.S.U., and Dr. Harry M. Rey
nolds, director for the Palo Alto dis
trict, expressed his approval of the
new system and extreme gratification
for the support given by the students
at Stanford.
Thirteen fraternities and sororities
have so far turned in 100 per cent
support to the drive, according to
George Bodle, chairman. These houses
are Theta Delta Chi, Theta Xi, Phi
Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Delta, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Delta Delta Delta, Pi
Beta Phi, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Delta
Gamma, Gamma Phi Beta, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Alpha Phi, and Alpha
Omicron Pi.
Roble Hall has reported $1G3.75, the
Union dormitories $51.00, Branner
$28.50, and Toyon $20. Encina shows
an incomplete total of $163.75, while
the drive in Sequoia will not start
until today.
"The complete total should run well
over $1000," states Bodle. "The total
to date is $822.47, as compared with
$300 last year. A final statement can
not be given until Wednesday, at
which time all the money will have
been turned in. Any persons who have
not yet had an opportunity to con
tribute and wish to do so may see
Sarah Grant, women's chairman, or
myself."
Contributions to the annual Red
Cross drive on the campus this year
have shown an increase of 400 per
cent over those received last year.
This is the first drive which has been
conducted under the supervision of
the A.S.S.U., and Dr. Harry M. Rey
nolds, director for the Palo Alto dis
trict, expressed his approval of the
new system and extreme gratification
for the support given by the students
at Stanford.
Thirteen fraternities and sororities
have so far turned in 100 per cent
support to the drive, according to
George Bodle, chairman. These houses
are Theta Delta Chi, Theta Xi, Phi
Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Delta, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Delta Delta Delta, Pi
Beta Phi, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Delta
Gamma, Gamma Phi Beta, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Alpha Phi, and Alpha
Omicron Pi.
Roble Hall has reported $1G3.75, the
Union dormitories $51.00, Branner
$28.50, and Toyon $20. Encina shows
an incomplete total of $163.75, while
the drive in Sequoia will not start
until today.
"The complete total should run well
over $1000," states Bodle. "The total
to date is $822.47, as compared with
$300 last year. A final statement can
not be given until Wednesday, at
which time all the money will have
been turned in. Any persons who have
not yet had an opportunity to con
tribute and wish to do so may see
Sarah Grant, women's chairman, or
myself."
Contributions to the annual Red
Cross drive on the campus this year
have shown an increase of 400 per
cent over those received last year.
This is the first drive which has been
conducted under the supervision of
the A.S.S.U., and Dr. Harry M. Rey
nolds, director for the Palo Alto dis
trict, expressed his approval of the
new system and extreme gratification
for the support given by the students
at Stanford.
Thirteen fraternities and sororities
have so far turned in 100 per cent
support to the drive, according to
George Bodle, chairman. These houses
are Theta Delta Chi, Theta Xi, Phi
Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Delta, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Delta Delta Delta, Pi
Beta Phi, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Delta
Gamma, Gamma Phi Beta, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Alpha Phi, and Alpha
Omicron Pi.
Roble Hall has reported $1G3.75, the
Union dormitories $51.00, Branner
$28.50, and Toyon $20. Encina shows
an incomplete total of $163.75, while
the drive in Sequoia will not start
until today.
"The complete total should run well
over $1000," states Bodle. "The total
to date is $822.47, as compared with
$300 last year. A final statement can
not be given until Wednesday, at
which time all the money will have
been turned in. Any persons who have
not yet had an opportunity to con
tribute and wish to do so may see
Sarah Grant, women's chairman, or
myself."
Contributions to the annual Red
Cross drive on the campus this year
have shown an increase of 400 per
cent over those received last year.
This is the first drive which has been
conducted under the supervision of
the A.S.S.U., and Dr. Harry M. Rey
nolds, director for the Palo Alto dis
trict, expressed his approval of the
new system and extreme gratification
for the support given by the students
at Stanford.
Thirteen fraternities and sororities
have so far turned in 100 per cent
support to the drive, according to
George Bodle, chairman. These houses
are Theta Delta Chi, Theta Xi, Phi
Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Delta, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Delta Delta Delta, Pi
Beta Phi, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Delta
Gamma, Gamma Phi Beta, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Alpha Phi, and Alpha
Omicron Pi.
Roble Hall has reported $1G3.75, the
Union dormitories $51.00, Branner
$28.50, and Toyon $20. Encina shows
an incomplete total of $163.75, while
the drive in Sequoia will not start
until today.
"The complete total should run well
over $1000," states Bodle. "The total
to date is $822.47, as compared with
$300 last year. A final statement can
not be given until Wednesday, at
which time all the money will have
been turned in. Any persons who have
not yet had an opportunity to con
tribute and wish to do so may see
Sarah Grant, women's chairman, or
myself."
Contributions to the annual Red
Cross drive on the campus this year
have shown an increase of 400 per
cent over those received last year.
This is the first drive which has been
conducted under the supervision of
the A.S.S.U., and Dr. Harry M. Rey
nolds, director for the Palo Alto dis
trict, expressed his approval of the
new system and extreme gratification
for the support given by the students
at Stanford.
Thirteen fraternities and sororities
have so far turned in 100 per cent
support to the drive, according to
George Bodle, chairman. These houses
are Theta Delta Chi, Theta Xi, Phi
Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Delta, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Delta Delta Delta, Pi
Beta Phi, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Delta
Gamma, Gamma Phi Beta, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Alpha Phi, and Alpha
Omicron Pi.
Roble Hall has reported $1G3.75, the
Union dormitories $51.00, Branner
$28.50, and Toyon $20. Encina shows
an incomplete total of $163.75, while
the drive in Sequoia will not start
until today.
"The complete total should run well
over $1000," states Bodle. "The total
to date is $822.47, as compared with
$300 last year. A final statement can
not be given until Wednesday, at
which time all the money will have
been turned in. Any persons who have
not yet had an opportunity to con
tribute and wish to do so may see
Sarah Grant, women's chairman, or
myself."
Contributions to the annual Red
Cross drive on the campus this year
have shown an increase of 400 per
cent over those received last year.
This is the first drive which has been
conducted under the supervision of
the A.S.S.U., and Dr. Harry M. Rey
nolds, director for the Palo Alto dis
trict, expressed his approval of the
new system and extreme gratification
for the support given by the students
at Stanford.
Thirteen fraternities and sororities
have so far turned in 100 per cent
support to the drive, according to
George Bodle, chairman. These houses
are Theta Delta Chi, Theta Xi, Phi
Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Delta, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Delta Delta Delta, Pi
Beta Phi, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Delta
Gamma, Gamma Phi Beta, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Alpha Phi, and Alpha
Omicron Pi.
Roble Hall has reported $1G3.75, the
Union dormitories $51.00, Branner
$28.50, and Toyon $20. Encina shows
an incomplete total of $163.75, while
the drive in Sequoia will not start
until today.
"The complete total should run well
over $1000," states Bodle. "The total
to date is $822.47, as compared with
$300 last year. A final statement can
not be given until Wednesday, at
which time all the money will have
been turned in. Any persons who have
not yet had an opportunity to con
tribute and wish to do so may see
Sarah Grant, women's chairman, or
myself."
Contributions to the annual Red
Cross drive on the campus this year
have shown an increase of 400 per
cent over those received last year.
This is the first drive which has been
conducted under the supervision of
the A.S.S.U., and Dr. Harry M. Rey
nolds, director for the Palo Alto dis
trict, expressed his approval of the
new system and extreme gratification
for the support given by the students
at Stanford.
Thirteen fraternities and sororities
have so far turned in 100 per cent
support to the drive, according to
George Bodle, chairman. These houses
are Theta Delta Chi, Theta Xi, Phi
Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Delta, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Delta Delta Delta, Pi
Beta Phi, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Delta
Gamma, Gamma Phi Beta, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Alpha Phi, and Alpha
Omicron Pi.
Roble Hall has reported $1G3.75, the
Union dormitories $51.00, Branner
$28.50, and Toyon $20. Encina shows
an incomplete total of $163.75, while
the drive in Sequoia will not start
until today.
"The complete total should run well
over $1000," states Bodle. "The total
to date is $822.47, as compared with
$300 last year. A final statement can
not be given until Wednesday, at
which time all the money will have
been turned in. Any persons who have
not yet had an opportunity to con
tribute and wish to do so may see
Sarah Grant, women's chairman, or
myself."
Contributions to the annual Red
Cross drive on the campus this year
have shown an increase of 400 per
cent over those received last year.
This is the first drive which has been
conducted under the supervision of
the A.S.S.U., and Dr. Harry M. Rey
nolds, director for the Palo Alto dis
trict, expressed his approval of the
new system and extreme gratification
for the support given by the students
at Stanford.
Thirteen fraternities and sororities
have so far turned in 100 per cent
support to the drive, according to
George Bodle, chairman. These houses
are Theta Delta Chi, Theta Xi, Phi
Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Delta, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Delta Delta Delta, Pi
Beta Phi, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Delta
Gamma, Gamma Phi Beta, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Alpha Phi, and Alpha
Omicron Pi.
Roble Hall has reported $1G3.75, the
Union dormitories $51.00, Branner
$28.50, and Toyon $20. Encina shows
an incomplete total of $163.75, while
the drive in Sequoia will not start
until today.
"The complete total should run well
over $1000," states Bodle. "The total
to date is $822.47, as compared with
$300 last year. A final statement can
not be given until Wednesday, at
which time all the money will have
been turned in. Any persons who have
not yet had an opportunity to con
tribute and wish to do so may see
Sarah Grant, women's chairman, or
myself."
