# No-Date Dance Planned By Graduate Women
## 
### 
The Graduate Women's Club is
holding a no - date dance Friday
night from 9 to 12. Dancing will be
in the Village Auditorium to the
melodious music of Jack Little's or
chestra. The dance is open prima
rily to graduate men and women
students, and has been planned by
the dance committee under the
chairmanship of Lois Hartman. The
charge will be 75 cents.
The Graduate Women's Club is
holding a no - date dance Friday
night from 9 to 12. Dancing will be
in the Village Auditorium to the
melodious music of Jack Little's or
chestra. The dance is open prima
rily to graduate men and women
students, and has been planned by
the dance committee under the
chairmanship of Lois Hartman. The
charge will be 75 cents.
The Graduate Women's Club is
holding a no - date dance Friday
night from 9 to 12. Dancing will be
in the Village Auditorium to the
melodious music of Jack Little's or
chestra. The dance is open prima
rily to graduate men and women
students, and has been planned by
the dance committee under the
chairmanship of Lois Hartman. The
charge will be 75 cents.
The Graduate Women's Club is
holding a no - date dance Friday
night from 9 to 12. Dancing will be
in the Village Auditorium to the
melodious music of Jack Little's or
chestra. The dance is open prima
rily to graduate men and women
students, and has been planned by
the dance committee under the
chairmanship of Lois Hartman. The
charge will be 75 cents.
The Graduate Women's Club is
holding a no - date dance Friday
night from 9 to 12. Dancing will be
in the Village Auditorium to the
melodious music of Jack Little's or
chestra. The dance is open prima
rily to graduate men and women
students, and has been planned by
the dance committee under the
chairmanship of Lois Hartman. The
charge will be 75 cents.
The Graduate Women's Club is
holding a no - date dance Friday
night from 9 to 12. Dancing will be
in the Village Auditorium to the
melodious music of Jack Little's or
chestra. The dance is open prima
rily to graduate men and women
students, and has been planned by
the dance committee under the
chairmanship of Lois Hartman. The
charge will be 75 cents.
The Graduate Women's Club is
holding a no - date dance Friday
night from 9 to 12. Dancing will be
in the Village Auditorium to the
melodious music of Jack Little's or
chestra. The dance is open prima
rily to graduate men and women
students, and has been planned by
the dance committee under the
chairmanship of Lois Hartman. The
charge will be 75 cents.
The Graduate Women's Club is
holding a no - date dance Friday
night from 9 to 12. Dancing will be
in the Village Auditorium to the
melodious music of Jack Little's or
chestra. The dance is open prima
rily to graduate men and women
students, and has been planned by
the dance committee under the
chairmanship of Lois Hartman. The
charge will be 75 cents.
The Graduate Women's Club is
holding a no - date dance Friday
night from 9 to 12. Dancing will be
in the Village Auditorium to the
melodious music of Jack Little's or
chestra. The dance is open prima
rily to graduate men and women
students, and has been planned by
the dance committee under the
chairmanship of Lois Hartman. The
charge will be 75 cents.
The Graduate Women's Club is
holding a no - date dance Friday
night from 9 to 12. Dancing will be
in the Village Auditorium to the
melodious music of Jack Little's or
chestra. The dance is open prima
rily to graduate men and women
students, and has been planned by
the dance committee under the
chairmanship of Lois Hartman. The
charge will be 75 cents.
The Graduate Women's Club is
holding a no - date dance Friday
night from 9 to 12. Dancing will be
in the Village Auditorium to the
melodious music of Jack Little's or
chestra. The dance is open prima
rily to graduate men and women
students, and has been planned by
the dance committee under the
chairmanship of Lois Hartman. The
charge will be 75 cents.
The Graduate Women's Club is
holding a no - date dance Friday
night from 9 to 12. Dancing will be
in the Village Auditorium to the
melodious music of Jack Little's or
chestra. The dance is open prima
rily to graduate men and women
students, and has been planned by
the dance committee under the
chairmanship of Lois Hartman. The
charge will be 75 cents.
The Graduate Women's Club is
holding a no - date dance Friday
night from 9 to 12. Dancing will be
in the Village Auditorium to the
melodious music of Jack Little's or
chestra. The dance is open prima
rily to graduate men and women
students, and has been planned by
the dance committee under the
chairmanship of Lois Hartman. The
charge will be 75 cents.
The Graduate Women's Club is
holding a no - date dance Friday
night from 9 to 12. Dancing will be
in the Village Auditorium to the
melodious music of Jack Little's or
chestra. The dance is open prima
rily to graduate men and women
students, and has been planned by
the dance committee under the
chairmanship of Lois Hartman. The
charge will be 75 cents.
The Graduate Women's Club is
holding a no - date dance Friday
night from 9 to 12. Dancing will be
in the Village Auditorium to the
melodious music of Jack Little's or
chestra. The dance is open prima
rily to graduate men and women
students, and has been planned by
the dance committee under the
chairmanship of Lois Hartman. The
charge will be 75 cents.
The Graduate Women's Club is
holding a no - date dance Friday
night from 9 to 12. Dancing will be
in the Village Auditorium to the
melodious music of Jack Little's or
chestra. The dance is open prima
rily to graduate men and women
students, and has been planned by
the dance committee under the
chairmanship of Lois Hartman. The
charge will be 75 cents.
