# Latin Quarter Talk
## 
### 
Dr. Lucien WolfT, professor of
English literature at the University
of Rennes, France, currently a visit
ing professor at the University of
California, will lecture in French
today on "The History of the Latin
Quarter."
Dr. Lucien WolfT, professor of
English literature at the University
of Rennes, France, currently a visit
ing professor at the University of
California, will lecture in French
today on "The History of the Latin
Quarter."
Dr. Lucien WolfT, professor of
English literature at the University
of Rennes, France, currently a visit
ing professor at the University of
California, will lecture in French
today on "The History of the Latin
Quarter."
Dr. Lucien WolfT, professor of
English literature at the University
of Rennes, France, currently a visit
ing professor at the University of
California, will lecture in French
today on "The History of the Latin
Quarter."
Dr. Lucien WolfT, professor of
English literature at the University
of Rennes, France, currently a visit
ing professor at the University of
California, will lecture in French
today on "The History of the Latin
Quarter."
Dr. Lucien WolfT, professor of
English literature at the University
of Rennes, France, currently a visit
ing professor at the University of
California, will lecture in French
today on "The History of the Latin
Quarter."
Dr. Lucien WolfT, professor of
English literature at the University
of Rennes, France, currently a visit
ing professor at the University of
California, will lecture in French
today on "The History of the Latin
Quarter."
Dr. Lucien WolfT, professor of
English literature at the University
of Rennes, France, currently a visit
ing professor at the University of
California, will lecture in French
today on "The History of the Latin
Quarter."
Dr. Lucien WolfT, professor of
English literature at the University
of Rennes, France, currently a visit
ing professor at the University of
California, will lecture in French
today on "The History of the Latin
Quarter."
Dr. Lucien WolfT, professor of
English literature at the University
of Rennes, France, currently a visit
ing professor at the University of
California, will lecture in French
today on "The History of the Latin
Quarter."
Dr. Lucien WolfT, professor of
English literature at the University
of Rennes, France, currently a visit
ing professor at the University of
California, will lecture in French
today on "The History of the Latin
Quarter."
Dr. Lucien WolfT, professor of
English literature at the University
of Rennes, France, currently a visit
ing professor at the University of
California, will lecture in French
today on "The History of the Latin
Quarter."
Dr. Lucien WolfT, professor of
English literature at the University
of Rennes, France, currently a visit
ing professor at the University of
California, will lecture in French
today on "The History of the Latin
Quarter."
Dr. Lucien WolfT, professor of
English literature at the University
of Rennes, France, currently a visit
ing professor at the University of
California, will lecture in French
today on "The History of the Latin
Quarter."
Dr. Lucien WolfT, professor of
English literature at the University
of Rennes, France, currently a visit
ing professor at the University of
California, will lecture in French
today on "The History of the Latin
Quarter."
Dr. Lucien WolfT, professor of
English literature at the University
of Rennes, France, currently a visit
ing professor at the University of
California, will lecture in French
today on "The History of the Latin
Quarter."
