# ROW GIRLS CHALLENGE LAG
## 
### 
"We sophomore women of the
Row and Union will out-collect
both Lagunita and Branner next
week during the Stanford Relief
Fund Drive," claims Joan Donovan,
'50 collection head for the Row.
Sophomore girls will handle the
collection booths on Quad and at
the Village Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday of next week "to help
the drive off to a good start," ac
cording to Paula Smith, overall
sophomore collection chairman.
Branner girls wishing to work
should contact Ann Keifer, and Lag
women may sign up with Carolyn
Johnson this week.
"We sophomore women of the
Row and Union will out-collect
both Lagunita and Branner next
week during the Stanford Relief
Fund Drive," claims Joan Donovan,
'50 collection head for the Row.
Sophomore girls will handle the
collection booths on Quad and at
the Village Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday of next week "to help
the drive off to a good start," ac
cording to Paula Smith, overall
sophomore collection chairman.
Branner girls wishing to work
should contact Ann Keifer, and Lag
women may sign up with Carolyn
Johnson this week.
"We sophomore women of the
Row and Union will out-collect
both Lagunita and Branner next
week during the Stanford Relief
Fund Drive," claims Joan Donovan,
'50 collection head for the Row.
Sophomore girls will handle the
collection booths on Quad and at
the Village Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday of next week "to help
the drive off to a good start," ac
cording to Paula Smith, overall
sophomore collection chairman.
Branner girls wishing to work
should contact Ann Keifer, and Lag
women may sign up with Carolyn
Johnson this week.
"We sophomore women of the
Row and Union will out-collect
both Lagunita and Branner next
week during the Stanford Relief
Fund Drive," claims Joan Donovan,
'50 collection head for the Row.
Sophomore girls will handle the
collection booths on Quad and at
the Village Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday of next week "to help
the drive off to a good start," ac
cording to Paula Smith, overall
sophomore collection chairman.
Branner girls wishing to work
should contact Ann Keifer, and Lag
women may sign up with Carolyn
Johnson this week.
"We sophomore women of the
Row and Union will out-collect
both Lagunita and Branner next
week during the Stanford Relief
Fund Drive," claims Joan Donovan,
'50 collection head for the Row.
Sophomore girls will handle the
collection booths on Quad and at
the Village Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday of next week "to help
the drive off to a good start," ac
cording to Paula Smith, overall
sophomore collection chairman.
Branner girls wishing to work
should contact Ann Keifer, and Lag
women may sign up with Carolyn
Johnson this week.
"We sophomore women of the
Row and Union will out-collect
both Lagunita and Branner next
week during the Stanford Relief
Fund Drive," claims Joan Donovan,
'50 collection head for the Row.
Sophomore girls will handle the
collection booths on Quad and at
the Village Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday of next week "to help
the drive off to a good start," ac
cording to Paula Smith, overall
sophomore collection chairman.
Branner girls wishing to work
should contact Ann Keifer, and Lag
women may sign up with Carolyn
Johnson this week.
"We sophomore women of the
Row and Union will out-collect
both Lagunita and Branner next
week during the Stanford Relief
Fund Drive," claims Joan Donovan,
'50 collection head for the Row.
Sophomore girls will handle the
collection booths on Quad and at
the Village Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday of next week "to help
the drive off to a good start," ac
cording to Paula Smith, overall
sophomore collection chairman.
Branner girls wishing to work
should contact Ann Keifer, and Lag
women may sign up with Carolyn
Johnson this week.
"We sophomore women of the
Row and Union will out-collect
both Lagunita and Branner next
week during the Stanford Relief
Fund Drive," claims Joan Donovan,
'50 collection head for the Row.
Sophomore girls will handle the
collection booths on Quad and at
the Village Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday of next week "to help
the drive off to a good start," ac
cording to Paula Smith, overall
sophomore collection chairman.
Branner girls wishing to work
should contact Ann Keifer, and Lag
women may sign up with Carolyn
Johnson this week.
"We sophomore women of the
Row and Union will out-collect
both Lagunita and Branner next
week during the Stanford Relief
Fund Drive," claims Joan Donovan,
'50 collection head for the Row.
Sophomore girls will handle the
collection booths on Quad and at
the Village Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday of next week "to help
the drive off to a good start," ac
cording to Paula Smith, overall
sophomore collection chairman.
Branner girls wishing to work
should contact Ann Keifer, and Lag
women may sign up with Carolyn
Johnson this week.
"We sophomore women of the
Row and Union will out-collect
both Lagunita and Branner next
week during the Stanford Relief
Fund Drive," claims Joan Donovan,
'50 collection head for the Row.
Sophomore girls will handle the
collection booths on Quad and at
the Village Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday of next week "to help
the drive off to a good start," ac
cording to Paula Smith, overall
sophomore collection chairman.
Branner girls wishing to work
should contact Ann Keifer, and Lag
women may sign up with Carolyn
Johnson this week.
"We sophomore women of the
Row and Union will out-collect
both Lagunita and Branner next
week during the Stanford Relief
Fund Drive," claims Joan Donovan,
'50 collection head for the Row.
Sophomore girls will handle the
collection booths on Quad and at
the Village Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday of next week "to help
the drive off to a good start," ac
cording to Paula Smith, overall
sophomore collection chairman.
Branner girls wishing to work
should contact Ann Keifer, and Lag
women may sign up with Carolyn
Johnson this week.
"We sophomore women of the
Row and Union will out-collect
both Lagunita and Branner next
week during the Stanford Relief
Fund Drive," claims Joan Donovan,
'50 collection head for the Row.
Sophomore girls will handle the
collection booths on Quad and at
the Village Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday of next week "to help
the drive off to a good start," ac
cording to Paula Smith, overall
sophomore collection chairman.
Branner girls wishing to work
should contact Ann Keifer, and Lag
women may sign up with Carolyn
Johnson this week.
"We sophomore women of the
Row and Union will out-collect
both Lagunita and Branner next
week during the Stanford Relief
Fund Drive," claims Joan Donovan,
'50 collection head for the Row.
Sophomore girls will handle the
collection booths on Quad and at
the Village Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday of next week "to help
the drive off to a good start," ac
cording to Paula Smith, overall
sophomore collection chairman.
Branner girls wishing to work
should contact Ann Keifer, and Lag
women may sign up with Carolyn
Johnson this week.
"We sophomore women of the
Row and Union will out-collect
both Lagunita and Branner next
week during the Stanford Relief
Fund Drive," claims Joan Donovan,
'50 collection head for the Row.
Sophomore girls will handle the
collection booths on Quad and at
the Village Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday of next week "to help
the drive off to a good start," ac
cording to Paula Smith, overall
sophomore collection chairman.
Branner girls wishing to work
should contact Ann Keifer, and Lag
women may sign up with Carolyn
Johnson this week.
"We sophomore women of the
Row and Union will out-collect
both Lagunita and Branner next
week during the Stanford Relief
Fund Drive," claims Joan Donovan,
'50 collection head for the Row.
Sophomore girls will handle the
collection booths on Quad and at
the Village Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday of next week "to help
the drive off to a good start," ac
cording to Paula Smith, overall
sophomore collection chairman.
Branner girls wishing to work
should contact Ann Keifer, and Lag
women may sign up with Carolyn
Johnson this week.
"We sophomore women of the
Row and Union will out-collect
both Lagunita and Branner next
week during the Stanford Relief
Fund Drive," claims Joan Donovan,
'50 collection head for the Row.
Sophomore girls will handle the
collection booths on Quad and at
the Village Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday of next week "to help
the drive off to a good start," ac
cording to Paula Smith, overall
sophomore collection chairman.
Branner girls wishing to work
should contact Ann Keifer, and Lag
women may sign up with Carolyn
Johnson this week.
