# Dr. Jordan Speaks at Santa Cruz.
## 
### 
Dr. Jordan left the campus this
morning for Santa Cruz, where he will
attend the semi-annual convention of
the California Public Health Associa
tion that is now in session at that
place in conjunction with the Cali
fornia League of Municipalities. Dr.
Jordan spoke this afternoon before
these organizations upon the subject
of "The Strength of Being Clean."
Dr. Jordan left the campus this
morning for Santa Cruz, where he will
attend the semi-annual convention of
the California Public Health Associa
tion that is now in session at that
place in conjunction with the Cali
fornia League of Municipalities. Dr.
Jordan spoke this afternoon before
these organizations upon the subject
of "The Strength of Being Clean."
Dr. Jordan left the campus this
morning for Santa Cruz, where he will
attend the semi-annual convention of
the California Public Health Associa
tion that is now in session at that
place in conjunction with the Cali
fornia League of Municipalities. Dr.
Jordan spoke this afternoon before
these organizations upon the subject
of "The Strength of Being Clean."
Dr. Jordan left the campus this
morning for Santa Cruz, where he will
attend the semi-annual convention of
the California Public Health Associa
tion that is now in session at that
place in conjunction with the Cali
fornia League of Municipalities. Dr.
Jordan spoke this afternoon before
these organizations upon the subject
of "The Strength of Being Clean."
Dr. Jordan left the campus this
morning for Santa Cruz, where he will
attend the semi-annual convention of
the California Public Health Associa
tion that is now in session at that
place in conjunction with the Cali
fornia League of Municipalities. Dr.
Jordan spoke this afternoon before
these organizations upon the subject
of "The Strength of Being Clean."
Dr. Jordan left the campus this
morning for Santa Cruz, where he will
attend the semi-annual convention of
the California Public Health Associa
tion that is now in session at that
place in conjunction with the Cali
fornia League of Municipalities. Dr.
Jordan spoke this afternoon before
these organizations upon the subject
of "The Strength of Being Clean."
Dr. Jordan left the campus this
morning for Santa Cruz, where he will
attend the semi-annual convention of
the California Public Health Associa
tion that is now in session at that
place in conjunction with the Cali
fornia League of Municipalities. Dr.
Jordan spoke this afternoon before
these organizations upon the subject
of "The Strength of Being Clean."
Dr. Jordan left the campus this
morning for Santa Cruz, where he will
attend the semi-annual convention of
the California Public Health Associa
tion that is now in session at that
place in conjunction with the Cali
fornia League of Municipalities. Dr.
Jordan spoke this afternoon before
these organizations upon the subject
of "The Strength of Being Clean."
Dr. Jordan left the campus this
morning for Santa Cruz, where he will
attend the semi-annual convention of
the California Public Health Associa
tion that is now in session at that
place in conjunction with the Cali
fornia League of Municipalities. Dr.
Jordan spoke this afternoon before
these organizations upon the subject
of "The Strength of Being Clean."
Dr. Jordan left the campus this
morning for Santa Cruz, where he will
attend the semi-annual convention of
the California Public Health Associa
tion that is now in session at that
place in conjunction with the Cali
fornia League of Municipalities. Dr.
Jordan spoke this afternoon before
these organizations upon the subject
of "The Strength of Being Clean."
