# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Monday, September 27, has been set
as the date when the Associated Stu
dents of California will vote on the
boating qeustion. A meeting of the
A. S. U. C. has been called for to
morrow at 3 o'clock to discuss the
matter.
Monday, September 27, has been set
as the date when the Associated Stu
dents of California will vote on the
boating qeustion. A meeting of the
A. S. U. C. has been called for to
morrow at 3 o'clock to discuss the
matter.
Monday, September 27, has been set
as the date when the Associated Stu
dents of California will vote on the
boating qeustion. A meeting of the
A. S. U. C. has been called for to
morrow at 3 o'clock to discuss the
matter.
Monday, September 27, has been set
as the date when the Associated Stu
dents of California will vote on the
boating qeustion. A meeting of the
A. S. U. C. has been called for to
morrow at 3 o'clock to discuss the
matter.
Monday, September 27, has been set
as the date when the Associated Stu
dents of California will vote on the
boating qeustion. A meeting of the
A. S. U. C. has been called for to
morrow at 3 o'clock to discuss the
matter.
Monday, September 27, has been set
as the date when the Associated Stu
dents of California will vote on the
boating qeustion. A meeting of the
A. S. U. C. has been called for to
morrow at 3 o'clock to discuss the
matter.
Monday, September 27, has been set
as the date when the Associated Stu
dents of California will vote on the
boating qeustion. A meeting of the
A. S. U. C. has been called for to
morrow at 3 o'clock to discuss the
matter.
Monday, September 27, has been set
as the date when the Associated Stu
dents of California will vote on the
boating qeustion. A meeting of the
A. S. U. C. has been called for to
morrow at 3 o'clock to discuss the
matter.
Monday, September 27, has been set
as the date when the Associated Stu
dents of California will vote on the
boating qeustion. A meeting of the
A. S. U. C. has been called for to
morrow at 3 o'clock to discuss the
matter.
Monday, September 27, has been set
as the date when the Associated Stu
dents of California will vote on the
boating qeustion. A meeting of the
A. S. U. C. has been called for to
morrow at 3 o'clock to discuss the
matter.
