# STANFORD STUDENT HURT IN AUTO CRASH
## Arthur Miller, '22, and Companion Left Unconscious By Speeding Autoist 
### 
Arthur Miller, '22, and Miss Madeline
Saxe, 514 Bush street, San Francisco,
were seriously injured early yesterday
morning in an automobile accident which
occurred on the highway near the Cliff
House, San Francisco.
According to Miss Saxe, Miller was
backing his machine into the highway,
when they were struck from the rear by
another machine, without the slightest
warning. At this point she had lost con
sciousness, and could remember nothing
more. i
The couple were thrown from their
car by the impact of the two machines,
and lay in the road for more than an
hour before they were discovered. They
were finally found by Sam Winklebleck,
Stanford, '23, of Redwood City and Paul
Moore, '22, who lives at the Plaza Ho
tel, who were driving by. All three men
are members of the Stanford chapter of
Delta Tau Delta.
Miller was taken first to the Park
Emergency Hospital, and later removed
to St. Mary's Hospital. Last night, fif
teen hours after the accident, he was
still declared to be unconscious. His
condition is reported as very serious.
Miss Saxe is at the Mount Zion Hos
pital. Although her condition is also
serious on account of the injuries re
ceived, she recovered consciousness yes
terday morning. ,
The machine which struck Miller's car
sped away, apparently uninjured from
the accident. After an investigation, the
police declared that it must have been
a heavy car running at high speed.
Miller's machine, which was registered
under the name of Fewell brothers,
Fresno, also of Stanford, was wrecked
completely.
Arthur Miller, '22, and Miss Madeline
Saxe, 514 Bush street, San Francisco,
were seriously injured early yesterday
morning in an automobile accident which
occurred on the highway near the Cliff
House, San Francisco.
According to Miss Saxe, Miller was
backing his machine into the highway,
when they were struck from the rear by
another machine, without the slightest
warning. At this point she had lost con
sciousness, and could remember nothing
more. i
The couple were thrown from their
car by the impact of the two machines,
and lay in the road for more than an
hour before they were discovered. They
were finally found by Sam Winklebleck,
Stanford, '23, of Redwood City and Paul
Moore, '22, who lives at the Plaza Ho
tel, who were driving by. All three men
are members of the Stanford chapter of
Delta Tau Delta.
Miller was taken first to the Park
Emergency Hospital, and later removed
to St. Mary's Hospital. Last night, fif
teen hours after the accident, he was
still declared to be unconscious. His
condition is reported as very serious.
Miss Saxe is at the Mount Zion Hos
pital. Although her condition is also
serious on account of the injuries re
ceived, she recovered consciousness yes
terday morning. ,
The machine which struck Miller's car
sped away, apparently uninjured from
the accident. After an investigation, the
police declared that it must have been
a heavy car running at high speed.
Miller's machine, which was registered
under the name of Fewell brothers,
Fresno, also of Stanford, was wrecked
completely.
Arthur Miller, '22, and Miss Madeline
Saxe, 514 Bush street, San Francisco,
were seriously injured early yesterday
morning in an automobile accident which
occurred on the highway near the Cliff
House, San Francisco.
According to Miss Saxe, Miller was
backing his machine into the highway,
when they were struck from the rear by
another machine, without the slightest
warning. At this point she had lost con
sciousness, and could remember nothing
more. i
The couple were thrown from their
car by the impact of the two machines,
and lay in the road for more than an
hour before they were discovered. They
were finally found by Sam Winklebleck,
Stanford, '23, of Redwood City and Paul
Moore, '22, who lives at the Plaza Ho
tel, who were driving by. All three men
are members of the Stanford chapter of
Delta Tau Delta.
Miller was taken first to the Park
Emergency Hospital, and later removed
to St. Mary's Hospital. Last night, fif
teen hours after the accident, he was
still declared to be unconscious. His
condition is reported as very serious.
Miss Saxe is at the Mount Zion Hos
pital. Although her condition is also
serious on account of the injuries re
ceived, she recovered consciousness yes
terday morning. ,
The machine which struck Miller's car
sped away, apparently uninjured from
the accident. After an investigation, the
police declared that it must have been
a heavy car running at high speed.
Miller's machine, which was registered
under the name of Fewell brothers,
Fresno, also of Stanford, was wrecked
completely.
Arthur Miller, '22, and Miss Madeline
Saxe, 514 Bush street, San Francisco,
were seriously injured early yesterday
morning in an automobile accident which
occurred on the highway near the Cliff
House, San Francisco.
According to Miss Saxe, Miller was
backing his machine into the highway,
when they were struck from the rear by
another machine, without the slightest
warning. At this point she had lost con
sciousness, and could remember nothing
more. i
The couple were thrown from their
car by the impact of the two machines,
and lay in the road for more than an
hour before they were discovered. They
were finally found by Sam Winklebleck,
Stanford, '23, of Redwood City and Paul
Moore, '22, who lives at the Plaza Ho
tel, who were driving by. All three men
are members of the Stanford chapter of
Delta Tau Delta.
Miller was taken first to the Park
Emergency Hospital, and later removed
to St. Mary's Hospital. Last night, fif
teen hours after the accident, he was
still declared to be unconscious. His
condition is reported as very serious.
Miss Saxe is at the Mount Zion Hos
pital. Although her condition is also
serious on account of the injuries re
ceived, she recovered consciousness yes
terday morning. ,
The machine which struck Miller's car
sped away, apparently uninjured from
the accident. After an investigation, the
police declared that it must have been
a heavy car running at high speed.
Miller's machine, which was registered
under the name of Fewell brothers,
Fresno, also of Stanford, was wrecked
completely.
Arthur Miller, '22, and Miss Madeline
Saxe, 514 Bush street, San Francisco,
were seriously injured early yesterday
morning in an automobile accident which
occurred on the highway near the Cliff
House, San Francisco.
According to Miss Saxe, Miller was
backing his machine into the highway,
when they were struck from the rear by
another machine, without the slightest
warning. At this point she had lost con
sciousness, and could remember nothing
more. i
The couple were thrown from their
car by the impact of the two machines,
and lay in the road for more than an
hour before they were discovered. They
were finally found by Sam Winklebleck,
Stanford, '23, of Redwood City and Paul
Moore, '22, who lives at the Plaza Ho
tel, who were driving by. All three men
are members of the Stanford chapter of
Delta Tau Delta.
Miller was taken first to the Park
Emergency Hospital, and later removed
to St. Mary's Hospital. Last night, fif
teen hours after the accident, he was
still declared to be unconscious. His
condition is reported as very serious.
Miss Saxe is at the Mount Zion Hos
pital. Although her condition is also
serious on account of the injuries re
ceived, she recovered consciousness yes
terday morning. ,
The machine which struck Miller's car
sped away, apparently uninjured from
the accident. After an investigation, the
police declared that it must have been
a heavy car running at high speed.
Miller's machine, which was registered
under the name of Fewell brothers,
Fresno, also of Stanford, was wrecked
completely.
Arthur Miller, '22, and Miss Madeline
Saxe, 514 Bush street, San Francisco,
were seriously injured early yesterday
morning in an automobile accident which
occurred on the highway near the Cliff
House, San Francisco.
According to Miss Saxe, Miller was
backing his machine into the highway,
when they were struck from the rear by
another machine, without the slightest
warning. At this point she had lost con
sciousness, and could remember nothing
more. i
The couple were thrown from their
car by the impact of the two machines,
and lay in the road for more than an
hour before they were discovered. They
were finally found by Sam Winklebleck,
Stanford, '23, of Redwood City and Paul
Moore, '22, who lives at the Plaza Ho
tel, who were driving by. All three men
are members of the Stanford chapter of
Delta Tau Delta.
Miller was taken first to the Park
Emergency Hospital, and later removed
to St. Mary's Hospital. Last night, fif
teen hours after the accident, he was
still declared to be unconscious. His
condition is reported as very serious.
Miss Saxe is at the Mount Zion Hos
pital. Although her condition is also
serious on account of the injuries re
ceived, she recovered consciousness yes
terday morning. ,
The machine which struck Miller's car
sped away, apparently uninjured from
the accident. After an investigation, the
police declared that it must have been
a heavy car running at high speed.
Miller's machine, which was registered
under the name of Fewell brothers,
Fresno, also of Stanford, was wrecked
completely.
Arthur Miller, '22, and Miss Madeline
Saxe, 514 Bush street, San Francisco,
were seriously injured early yesterday
morning in an automobile accident which
occurred on the highway near the Cliff
House, San Francisco.
According to Miss Saxe, Miller was
backing his machine into the highway,
when they were struck from the rear by
another machine, without the slightest
warning. At this point she had lost con
sciousness, and could remember nothing
more. i
The couple were thrown from their
car by the impact of the two machines,
and lay in the road for more than an
hour before they were discovered. They
were finally found by Sam Winklebleck,
Stanford, '23, of Redwood City and Paul
Moore, '22, who lives at the Plaza Ho
tel, who were driving by. All three men
are members of the Stanford chapter of
Delta Tau Delta.
Miller was taken first to the Park
Emergency Hospital, and later removed
to St. Mary's Hospital. Last night, fif
teen hours after the accident, he was
still declared to be unconscious. His
condition is reported as very serious.
Miss Saxe is at the Mount Zion Hos
pital. Although her condition is also
serious on account of the injuries re
ceived, she recovered consciousness yes
terday morning. ,
The machine which struck Miller's car
sped away, apparently uninjured from
the accident. After an investigation, the
police declared that it must have been
a heavy car running at high speed.
Miller's machine, which was registered
under the name of Fewell brothers,
Fresno, also of Stanford, was wrecked
completely.
Arthur Miller, '22, and Miss Madeline
Saxe, 514 Bush street, San Francisco,
were seriously injured early yesterday
morning in an automobile accident which
occurred on the highway near the Cliff
House, San Francisco.
According to Miss Saxe, Miller was
backing his machine into the highway,
when they were struck from the rear by
another machine, without the slightest
warning. At this point she had lost con
sciousness, and could remember nothing
more. i
The couple were thrown from their
car by the impact of the two machines,
and lay in the road for more than an
hour before they were discovered. They
were finally found by Sam Winklebleck,
Stanford, '23, of Redwood City and Paul
Moore, '22, who lives at the Plaza Ho
tel, who were driving by. All three men
are members of the Stanford chapter of
Delta Tau Delta.
Miller was taken first to the Park
Emergency Hospital, and later removed
to St. Mary's Hospital. Last night, fif
teen hours after the accident, he was
still declared to be unconscious. His
condition is reported as very serious.
Miss Saxe is at the Mount Zion Hos
pital. Although her condition is also
serious on account of the injuries re
ceived, she recovered consciousness yes
terday morning. ,
The machine which struck Miller's car
sped away, apparently uninjured from
the accident. After an investigation, the
police declared that it must have been
a heavy car running at high speed.
Miller's machine, which was registered
under the name of Fewell brothers,
Fresno, also of Stanford, was wrecked
completely.
Arthur Miller, '22, and Miss Madeline
Saxe, 514 Bush street, San Francisco,
were seriously injured early yesterday
morning in an automobile accident which
occurred on the highway near the Cliff
House, San Francisco.
According to Miss Saxe, Miller was
backing his machine into the highway,
when they were struck from the rear by
another machine, without the slightest
warning. At this point she had lost con
sciousness, and could remember nothing
more. i
The couple were thrown from their
car by the impact of the two machines,
and lay in the road for more than an
hour before they were discovered. They
were finally found by Sam Winklebleck,
Stanford, '23, of Redwood City and Paul
Moore, '22, who lives at the Plaza Ho
tel, who were driving by. All three men
are members of the Stanford chapter of
Delta Tau Delta.
Miller was taken first to the Park
Emergency Hospital, and later removed
to St. Mary's Hospital. Last night, fif
teen hours after the accident, he was
still declared to be unconscious. His
condition is reported as very serious.
Miss Saxe is at the Mount Zion Hos
pital. Although her condition is also
serious on account of the injuries re
ceived, she recovered consciousness yes
terday morning. ,
The machine which struck Miller's car
sped away, apparently uninjured from
the accident. After an investigation, the
police declared that it must have been
a heavy car running at high speed.
Miller's machine, which was registered
under the name of Fewell brothers,
Fresno, also of Stanford, was wrecked
completely.
Arthur Miller, '22, and Miss Madeline
Saxe, 514 Bush street, San Francisco,
were seriously injured early yesterday
morning in an automobile accident which
occurred on the highway near the Cliff
House, San Francisco.
According to Miss Saxe, Miller was
backing his machine into the highway,
when they were struck from the rear by
another machine, without the slightest
warning. At this point she had lost con
sciousness, and could remember nothing
more. i
The couple were thrown from their
car by the impact of the two machines,
and lay in the road for more than an
hour before they were discovered. They
were finally found by Sam Winklebleck,
Stanford, '23, of Redwood City and Paul
Moore, '22, who lives at the Plaza Ho
tel, who were driving by. All three men
are members of the Stanford chapter of
Delta Tau Delta.
Miller was taken first to the Park
Emergency Hospital, and later removed
to St. Mary's Hospital. Last night, fif
teen hours after the accident, he was
still declared to be unconscious. His
condition is reported as very serious.
Miss Saxe is at the Mount Zion Hos
pital. Although her condition is also
serious on account of the injuries re
ceived, she recovered consciousness yes
terday morning. ,
The machine which struck Miller's car
sped away, apparently uninjured from
the accident. After an investigation, the
police declared that it must have been
a heavy car running at high speed.
Miller's machine, which was registered
under the name of Fewell brothers,
Fresno, also of Stanford, was wrecked
completely.
Arthur Miller, '22, and Miss Madeline
Saxe, 514 Bush street, San Francisco,
were seriously injured early yesterday
morning in an automobile accident which
occurred on the highway near the Cliff
House, San Francisco.
According to Miss Saxe, Miller was
backing his machine into the highway,
when they were struck from the rear by
another machine, without the slightest
warning. At this point she had lost con
sciousness, and could remember nothing
more. i
The couple were thrown from their
car by the impact of the two machines,
and lay in the road for more than an
hour before they were discovered. They
were finally found by Sam Winklebleck,
Stanford, '23, of Redwood City and Paul
Moore, '22, who lives at the Plaza Ho
tel, who were driving by. All three men
are members of the Stanford chapter of
Delta Tau Delta.
Miller was taken first to the Park
Emergency Hospital, and later removed
to St. Mary's Hospital. Last night, fif
teen hours after the accident, he was
still declared to be unconscious. His
condition is reported as very serious.
Miss Saxe is at the Mount Zion Hos
pital. Although her condition is also
serious on account of the injuries re
ceived, she recovered consciousness yes
terday morning. ,
The machine which struck Miller's car
sped away, apparently uninjured from
the accident. After an investigation, the
police declared that it must have been
a heavy car running at high speed.
Miller's machine, which was registered
under the name of Fewell brothers,
Fresno, also of Stanford, was wrecked
completely.
Arthur Miller, '22, and Miss Madeline
Saxe, 514 Bush street, San Francisco,
were seriously injured early yesterday
morning in an automobile accident which
occurred on the highway near the Cliff
House, San Francisco.
According to Miss Saxe, Miller was
backing his machine into the highway,
when they were struck from the rear by
another machine, without the slightest
warning. At this point she had lost con
sciousness, and could remember nothing
more. i
The couple were thrown from their
car by the impact of the two machines,
and lay in the road for more than an
hour before they were discovered. They
were finally found by Sam Winklebleck,
Stanford, '23, of Redwood City and Paul
Moore, '22, who lives at the Plaza Ho
tel, who were driving by. All three men
are members of the Stanford chapter of
Delta Tau Delta.
Miller was taken first to the Park
Emergency Hospital, and later removed
to St. Mary's Hospital. Last night, fif
teen hours after the accident, he was
still declared to be unconscious. His
condition is reported as very serious.
Miss Saxe is at the Mount Zion Hos
pital. Although her condition is also
serious on account of the injuries re
ceived, she recovered consciousness yes
terday morning. ,
The machine which struck Miller's car
sped away, apparently uninjured from
the accident. After an investigation, the
police declared that it must have been
a heavy car running at high speed.
Miller's machine, which was registered
under the name of Fewell brothers,
Fresno, also of Stanford, was wrecked
completely.
Arthur Miller, '22, and Miss Madeline
Saxe, 514 Bush street, San Francisco,
were seriously injured early yesterday
morning in an automobile accident which
occurred on the highway near the Cliff
House, San Francisco.
According to Miss Saxe, Miller was
backing his machine into the highway,
when they were struck from the rear by
another machine, without the slightest
warning. At this point she had lost con
sciousness, and could remember nothing
more. i
The couple were thrown from their
car by the impact of the two machines,
and lay in the road for more than an
hour before they were discovered. They
were finally found by Sam Winklebleck,
Stanford, '23, of Redwood City and Paul
Moore, '22, who lives at the Plaza Ho
tel, who were driving by. All three men
are members of the Stanford chapter of
Delta Tau Delta.
Miller was taken first to the Park
Emergency Hospital, and later removed
to St. Mary's Hospital. Last night, fif
teen hours after the accident, he was
still declared to be unconscious. His
condition is reported as very serious.
Miss Saxe is at the Mount Zion Hos
pital. Although her condition is also
serious on account of the injuries re
ceived, she recovered consciousness yes
terday morning. ,
The machine which struck Miller's car
sped away, apparently uninjured from
the accident. After an investigation, the
police declared that it must have been
a heavy car running at high speed.
Miller's machine, which was registered
under the name of Fewell brothers,
Fresno, also of Stanford, was wrecked
completely.
Arthur Miller, '22, and Miss Madeline
Saxe, 514 Bush street, San Francisco,
were seriously injured early yesterday
morning in an automobile accident which
occurred on the highway near the Cliff
House, San Francisco.
According to Miss Saxe, Miller was
backing his machine into the highway,
when they were struck from the rear by
another machine, without the slightest
warning. At this point she had lost con
sciousness, and could remember nothing
more. i
The couple were thrown from their
car by the impact of the two machines,
and lay in the road for more than an
hour before they were discovered. They
were finally found by Sam Winklebleck,
Stanford, '23, of Redwood City and Paul
Moore, '22, who lives at the Plaza Ho
tel, who were driving by. All three men
are members of the Stanford chapter of
Delta Tau Delta.
Miller was taken first to the Park
Emergency Hospital, and later removed
to St. Mary's Hospital. Last night, fif
teen hours after the accident, he was
still declared to be unconscious. His
condition is reported as very serious.
Miss Saxe is at the Mount Zion Hos
pital. Although her condition is also
serious on account of the injuries re
ceived, she recovered consciousness yes
terday morning. ,
The machine which struck Miller's car
sped away, apparently uninjured from
the accident. After an investigation, the
police declared that it must have been
a heavy car running at high speed.
Miller's machine, which was registered
under the name of Fewell brothers,
Fresno, also of Stanford, was wrecked
completely.
Arthur Miller, '22, and Miss Madeline
Saxe, 514 Bush street, San Francisco,
were seriously injured early yesterday
morning in an automobile accident which
occurred on the highway near the Cliff
House, San Francisco.
According to Miss Saxe, Miller was
backing his machine into the highway,
when they were struck from the rear by
another machine, without the slightest
warning. At this point she had lost con
sciousness, and could remember nothing
more. i
The couple were thrown from their
car by the impact of the two machines,
and lay in the road for more than an
hour before they were discovered. They
were finally found by Sam Winklebleck,
Stanford, '23, of Redwood City and Paul
Moore, '22, who lives at the Plaza Ho
tel, who were driving by. All three men
are members of the Stanford chapter of
Delta Tau Delta.
Miller was taken first to the Park
Emergency Hospital, and later removed
to St. Mary's Hospital. Last night, fif
teen hours after the accident, he was
still declared to be unconscious. His
condition is reported as very serious.
Miss Saxe is at the Mount Zion Hos
pital. Although her condition is also
serious on account of the injuries re
ceived, she recovered consciousness yes
terday morning. ,
The machine which struck Miller's car
sped away, apparently uninjured from
the accident. After an investigation, the
police declared that it must have been
a heavy car running at high speed.
Miller's machine, which was registered
under the name of Fewell brothers,
Fresno, also of Stanford, was wrecked
completely.
