# FRATERNITY MEN TO DINE WITH WILBUR
## To Discuss Questions Arising From Housing System Planned for Men 
### 
President Wilbur has invited repre
sentatives of the men's fraternities to
dinner tomorrow evening to discuss the
handling of the various problems that
will arise on the campus next year when
Encina becomes a freshman dormitory
and Toyon and Branner halls will be
ready for occupancy. This is one of a
number of such conferences that he is
holding with undergraduate groups to
consider the best handling of a number
of questions that will come up for solu
tion when all the freshmen in the Uni
versity are housed for a year in Encina
and have their meals in the new dining
rooms there.
President Wilbur has already talked
these problems over with the existing
eating clubs and with members of Skull
and Snakes, Quadrangle Club, and the
Men's Council with the purpose of get
ting the ideas of as many as possible in
working out the best working plans.
President Wilbur has invited repre
sentatives of the men's fraternities to
dinner tomorrow evening to discuss the
handling of the various problems that
will arise on the campus next year when
Encina becomes a freshman dormitory
and Toyon and Branner halls will be
ready for occupancy. This is one of a
number of such conferences that he is
holding with undergraduate groups to
consider the best handling of a number
of questions that will come up for solu
tion when all the freshmen in the Uni
versity are housed for a year in Encina
and have their meals in the new dining
rooms there.
President Wilbur has already talked
these problems over with the existing
eating clubs and with members of Skull
and Snakes, Quadrangle Club, and the
Men's Council with the purpose of get
ting the ideas of as many as possible in
working out the best working plans.
President Wilbur has invited repre
sentatives of the men's fraternities to
dinner tomorrow evening to discuss the
handling of the various problems that
will arise on the campus next year when
Encina becomes a freshman dormitory
and Toyon and Branner halls will be
ready for occupancy. This is one of a
number of such conferences that he is
holding with undergraduate groups to
consider the best handling of a number
of questions that will come up for solu
tion when all the freshmen in the Uni
versity are housed for a year in Encina
and have their meals in the new dining
rooms there.
President Wilbur has already talked
these problems over with the existing
eating clubs and with members of Skull
and Snakes, Quadrangle Club, and the
Men's Council with the purpose of get
ting the ideas of as many as possible in
working out the best working plans.
President Wilbur has invited repre
sentatives of the men's fraternities to
dinner tomorrow evening to discuss the
handling of the various problems that
will arise on the campus next year when
Encina becomes a freshman dormitory
and Toyon and Branner halls will be
ready for occupancy. This is one of a
number of such conferences that he is
holding with undergraduate groups to
consider the best handling of a number
of questions that will come up for solu
tion when all the freshmen in the Uni
versity are housed for a year in Encina
and have their meals in the new dining
rooms there.
President Wilbur has already talked
these problems over with the existing
eating clubs and with members of Skull
and Snakes, Quadrangle Club, and the
Men's Council with the purpose of get
ting the ideas of as many as possible in
working out the best working plans.
President Wilbur has invited repre
sentatives of the men's fraternities to
dinner tomorrow evening to discuss the
handling of the various problems that
will arise on the campus next year when
Encina becomes a freshman dormitory
and Toyon and Branner halls will be
ready for occupancy. This is one of a
number of such conferences that he is
holding with undergraduate groups to
consider the best handling of a number
of questions that will come up for solu
tion when all the freshmen in the Uni
versity are housed for a year in Encina
and have their meals in the new dining
rooms there.
President Wilbur has already talked
these problems over with the existing
eating clubs and with members of Skull
and Snakes, Quadrangle Club, and the
Men's Council with the purpose of get
ting the ideas of as many as possible in
working out the best working plans.
President Wilbur has invited repre
sentatives of the men's fraternities to
dinner tomorrow evening to discuss the
handling of the various problems that
will arise on the campus next year when
Encina becomes a freshman dormitory
and Toyon and Branner halls will be
ready for occupancy. This is one of a
number of such conferences that he is
holding with undergraduate groups to
consider the best handling of a number
of questions that will come up for solu
tion when all the freshmen in the Uni
versity are housed for a year in Encina
and have their meals in the new dining
rooms there.
President Wilbur has already talked
these problems over with the existing
eating clubs and with members of Skull
and Snakes, Quadrangle Club, and the
Men's Council with the purpose of get
ting the ideas of as many as possible in
working out the best working plans.
President Wilbur has invited repre
sentatives of the men's fraternities to
dinner tomorrow evening to discuss the
handling of the various problems that
will arise on the campus next year when
Encina becomes a freshman dormitory
and Toyon and Branner halls will be
ready for occupancy. This is one of a
number of such conferences that he is
holding with undergraduate groups to
consider the best handling of a number
of questions that will come up for solu
tion when all the freshmen in the Uni
versity are housed for a year in Encina
and have their meals in the new dining
rooms there.
President Wilbur has already talked
these problems over with the existing
eating clubs and with members of Skull
and Snakes, Quadrangle Club, and the
Men's Council with the purpose of get
ting the ideas of as many as possible in
working out the best working plans.
President Wilbur has invited repre
sentatives of the men's fraternities to
dinner tomorrow evening to discuss the
handling of the various problems that
will arise on the campus next year when
Encina becomes a freshman dormitory
and Toyon and Branner halls will be
ready for occupancy. This is one of a
number of such conferences that he is
holding with undergraduate groups to
consider the best handling of a number
of questions that will come up for solu
tion when all the freshmen in the Uni
versity are housed for a year in Encina
and have their meals in the new dining
rooms there.
President Wilbur has already talked
these problems over with the existing
eating clubs and with members of Skull
and Snakes, Quadrangle Club, and the
Men's Council with the purpose of get
ting the ideas of as many as possible in
working out the best working plans.
President Wilbur has invited repre
sentatives of the men's fraternities to
dinner tomorrow evening to discuss the
handling of the various problems that
will arise on the campus next year when
Encina becomes a freshman dormitory
and Toyon and Branner halls will be
ready for occupancy. This is one of a
number of such conferences that he is
holding with undergraduate groups to
consider the best handling of a number
of questions that will come up for solu
tion when all the freshmen in the Uni
versity are housed for a year in Encina
and have their meals in the new dining
rooms there.
President Wilbur has already talked
these problems over with the existing
eating clubs and with members of Skull
and Snakes, Quadrangle Club, and the
Men's Council with the purpose of get
ting the ideas of as many as possible in
working out the best working plans.
President Wilbur has invited repre
sentatives of the men's fraternities to
dinner tomorrow evening to discuss the
handling of the various problems that
will arise on the campus next year when
Encina becomes a freshman dormitory
and Toyon and Branner halls will be
ready for occupancy. This is one of a
number of such conferences that he is
holding with undergraduate groups to
consider the best handling of a number
of questions that will come up for solu
tion when all the freshmen in the Uni
versity are housed for a year in Encina
and have their meals in the new dining
rooms there.
President Wilbur has already talked
these problems over with the existing
eating clubs and with members of Skull
and Snakes, Quadrangle Club, and the
Men's Council with the purpose of get
ting the ideas of as many as possible in
working out the best working plans.
President Wilbur has invited repre
sentatives of the men's fraternities to
dinner tomorrow evening to discuss the
handling of the various problems that
will arise on the campus next year when
Encina becomes a freshman dormitory
and Toyon and Branner halls will be
ready for occupancy. This is one of a
number of such conferences that he is
holding with undergraduate groups to
consider the best handling of a number
of questions that will come up for solu
tion when all the freshmen in the Uni
versity are housed for a year in Encina
and have their meals in the new dining
rooms there.
President Wilbur has already talked
these problems over with the existing
eating clubs and with members of Skull
and Snakes, Quadrangle Club, and the
Men's Council with the purpose of get
ting the ideas of as many as possible in
working out the best working plans.
President Wilbur has invited repre
sentatives of the men's fraternities to
dinner tomorrow evening to discuss the
handling of the various problems that
will arise on the campus next year when
Encina becomes a freshman dormitory
and Toyon and Branner halls will be
ready for occupancy. This is one of a
number of such conferences that he is
holding with undergraduate groups to
consider the best handling of a number
of questions that will come up for solu
tion when all the freshmen in the Uni
versity are housed for a year in Encina
and have their meals in the new dining
rooms there.
President Wilbur has already talked
these problems over with the existing
eating clubs and with members of Skull
and Snakes, Quadrangle Club, and the
Men's Council with the purpose of get
ting the ideas of as many as possible in
working out the best working plans.
President Wilbur has invited repre
sentatives of the men's fraternities to
dinner tomorrow evening to discuss the
handling of the various problems that
will arise on the campus next year when
Encina becomes a freshman dormitory
and Toyon and Branner halls will be
ready for occupancy. This is one of a
number of such conferences that he is
holding with undergraduate groups to
consider the best handling of a number
of questions that will come up for solu
tion when all the freshmen in the Uni
versity are housed for a year in Encina
and have their meals in the new dining
rooms there.
President Wilbur has already talked
these problems over with the existing
eating clubs and with members of Skull
and Snakes, Quadrangle Club, and the
Men's Council with the purpose of get
ting the ideas of as many as possible in
working out the best working plans.
President Wilbur has invited repre
sentatives of the men's fraternities to
dinner tomorrow evening to discuss the
handling of the various problems that
will arise on the campus next year when
Encina becomes a freshman dormitory
and Toyon and Branner halls will be
ready for occupancy. This is one of a
number of such conferences that he is
holding with undergraduate groups to
consider the best handling of a number
of questions that will come up for solu
tion when all the freshmen in the Uni
versity are housed for a year in Encina
and have their meals in the new dining
rooms there.
President Wilbur has already talked
these problems over with the existing
eating clubs and with members of Skull
and Snakes, Quadrangle Club, and the
Men's Council with the purpose of get
ting the ideas of as many as possible in
working out the best working plans.
President Wilbur has invited repre
sentatives of the men's fraternities to
dinner tomorrow evening to discuss the
handling of the various problems that
will arise on the campus next year when
Encina becomes a freshman dormitory
and Toyon and Branner halls will be
ready for occupancy. This is one of a
number of such conferences that he is
holding with undergraduate groups to
consider the best handling of a number
of questions that will come up for solu
tion when all the freshmen in the Uni
versity are housed for a year in Encina
and have their meals in the new dining
rooms there.
President Wilbur has already talked
these problems over with the existing
eating clubs and with members of Skull
and Snakes, Quadrangle Club, and the
Men's Council with the purpose of get
ting the ideas of as many as possible in
working out the best working plans.
