# Husbands Honored In Sewing Group Barbecue
## 
### 
On Wednesday night at 5:30 o'clock
Ihe sewing group of the Stanford.,
Dames will give a barbecue in honor
of their husbands. The affair will be
held at the George W. Dowrie home. ;
On Wednesday night at 5:30 o'clock
Ihe sewing group of the Stanford.,
Dames will give a barbecue in honor
of their husbands. The affair will be
held at the George W. Dowrie home. ;
On Wednesday night at 5:30 o'clock
Ihe sewing group of the Stanford.,
Dames will give a barbecue in honor
of their husbands. The affair will be
held at the George W. Dowrie home. ;
On Wednesday night at 5:30 o'clock
Ihe sewing group of the Stanford.,
Dames will give a barbecue in honor
of their husbands. The affair will be
held at the George W. Dowrie home. ;
On Wednesday night at 5:30 o'clock
Ihe sewing group of the Stanford.,
Dames will give a barbecue in honor
of their husbands. The affair will be
held at the George W. Dowrie home. ;
On Wednesday night at 5:30 o'clock
Ihe sewing group of the Stanford.,
Dames will give a barbecue in honor
of their husbands. The affair will be
held at the George W. Dowrie home. ;
On Wednesday night at 5:30 o'clock
Ihe sewing group of the Stanford.,
Dames will give a barbecue in honor
of their husbands. The affair will be
held at the George W. Dowrie home. ;
On Wednesday night at 5:30 o'clock
Ihe sewing group of the Stanford.,
Dames will give a barbecue in honor
of their husbands. The affair will be
held at the George W. Dowrie home. ;
On Wednesday night at 5:30 o'clock
Ihe sewing group of the Stanford.,
Dames will give a barbecue in honor
of their husbands. The affair will be
held at the George W. Dowrie home. ;
On Wednesday night at 5:30 o'clock
Ihe sewing group of the Stanford.,
Dames will give a barbecue in honor
of their husbands. The affair will be
held at the George W. Dowrie home. ;
On Wednesday night at 5:30 o'clock
Ihe sewing group of the Stanford.,
Dames will give a barbecue in honor
of their husbands. The affair will be
held at the George W. Dowrie home. ;
On Wednesday night at 5:30 o'clock
Ihe sewing group of the Stanford.,
Dames will give a barbecue in honor
of their husbands. The affair will be
held at the George W. Dowrie home. ;
On Wednesday night at 5:30 o'clock
Ihe sewing group of the Stanford.,
Dames will give a barbecue in honor
of their husbands. The affair will be
held at the George W. Dowrie home. ;
On Wednesday night at 5:30 o'clock
Ihe sewing group of the Stanford.,
Dames will give a barbecue in honor
of their husbands. The affair will be
held at the George W. Dowrie home. ;
On Wednesday night at 5:30 o'clock
Ihe sewing group of the Stanford.,
Dames will give a barbecue in honor
of their husbands. The affair will be
held at the George W. Dowrie home. ;
