# Mears Explains Pacific Coast's Trading Position
## 
### 
Trade with the Far East holds the
key to Pacific Coast trade and mari
time shipping, according to Eliot G.
Mears, who last night spoke on the
Stanford University Hour over radio
station KPO.
The Coast is the extreme western
edge of Occidental civilization, he
explained, and its nearness to the
vast, unexplored resources of the
Far East would seem to indicate that
the "Pacific era" in world trade is
definitely in the near future. Dr.
Mears believes that new cargoes re
leased by development of Eastern
resources will result in keeping the
maritime trade of America's western
coast steadily on the increase.

The moon completes a circuit
around the earth in a period whose
average length is 27 days 7 hours
43.2 minutes.
Trade with the Far East holds the
key to Pacific Coast trade and mari
time shipping, according to Eliot G.
Mears, who last night spoke on the
Stanford University Hour over radio
station KPO.
The Coast is the extreme western
edge of Occidental civilization, he
explained, and its nearness to the
vast, unexplored resources of the
Far East would seem to indicate that
the "Pacific era" in world trade is
definitely in the near future. Dr.
Mears believes that new cargoes re
leased by development of Eastern
resources will result in keeping the
maritime trade of America's western
coast steadily on the increase.

The moon completes a circuit
around the earth in a period whose
average length is 27 days 7 hours
43.2 minutes.
Trade with the Far East holds the
key to Pacific Coast trade and mari
time shipping, according to Eliot G.
Mears, who last night spoke on the
Stanford University Hour over radio
station KPO.
The Coast is the extreme western
edge of Occidental civilization, he
explained, and its nearness to the
vast, unexplored resources of the
Far East would seem to indicate that
the "Pacific era" in world trade is
definitely in the near future. Dr.
Mears believes that new cargoes re
leased by development of Eastern
resources will result in keeping the
maritime trade of America's western
coast steadily on the increase.

The moon completes a circuit
around the earth in a period whose
average length is 27 days 7 hours
43.2 minutes.
Trade with the Far East holds the
key to Pacific Coast trade and mari
time shipping, according to Eliot G.
Mears, who last night spoke on the
Stanford University Hour over radio
station KPO.
The Coast is the extreme western
edge of Occidental civilization, he
explained, and its nearness to the
vast, unexplored resources of the
Far East would seem to indicate that
the "Pacific era" in world trade is
definitely in the near future. Dr.
Mears believes that new cargoes re
leased by development of Eastern
resources will result in keeping the
maritime trade of America's western
coast steadily on the increase.

The moon completes a circuit
around the earth in a period whose
average length is 27 days 7 hours
43.2 minutes.
Trade with the Far East holds the
key to Pacific Coast trade and mari
time shipping, according to Eliot G.
Mears, who last night spoke on the
Stanford University Hour over radio
station KPO.
The Coast is the extreme western
edge of Occidental civilization, he
explained, and its nearness to the
vast, unexplored resources of the
Far East would seem to indicate that
the "Pacific era" in world trade is
definitely in the near future. Dr.
Mears believes that new cargoes re
leased by development of Eastern
resources will result in keeping the
maritime trade of America's western
coast steadily on the increase.

The moon completes a circuit
around the earth in a period whose
average length is 27 days 7 hours
43.2 minutes.
Trade with the Far East holds the
key to Pacific Coast trade and mari
time shipping, according to Eliot G.
Mears, who last night spoke on the
Stanford University Hour over radio
station KPO.
The Coast is the extreme western
edge of Occidental civilization, he
explained, and its nearness to the
vast, unexplored resources of the
Far East would seem to indicate that
the "Pacific era" in world trade is
definitely in the near future. Dr.
Mears believes that new cargoes re
leased by development of Eastern
resources will result in keeping the
maritime trade of America's western
coast steadily on the increase.

The moon completes a circuit
around the earth in a period whose
average length is 27 days 7 hours
43.2 minutes.
Trade with the Far East holds the
key to Pacific Coast trade and mari
time shipping, according to Eliot G.
Mears, who last night spoke on the
Stanford University Hour over radio
station KPO.
The Coast is the extreme western
edge of Occidental civilization, he
explained, and its nearness to the
vast, unexplored resources of the
Far East would seem to indicate that
the "Pacific era" in world trade is
definitely in the near future. Dr.
Mears believes that new cargoes re
leased by development of Eastern
resources will result in keeping the
maritime trade of America's western
coast steadily on the increase.

The moon completes a circuit
around the earth in a period whose
average length is 27 days 7 hours
43.2 minutes.
Trade with the Far East holds the
key to Pacific Coast trade and mari
time shipping, according to Eliot G.
Mears, who last night spoke on the
Stanford University Hour over radio
station KPO.
The Coast is the extreme western
edge of Occidental civilization, he
explained, and its nearness to the
vast, unexplored resources of the
Far East would seem to indicate that
the "Pacific era" in world trade is
definitely in the near future. Dr.
Mears believes that new cargoes re
leased by development of Eastern
resources will result in keeping the
maritime trade of America's western
coast steadily on the increase.

The moon completes a circuit
around the earth in a period whose
average length is 27 days 7 hours
43.2 minutes.
Trade with the Far East holds the
key to Pacific Coast trade and mari
time shipping, according to Eliot G.
Mears, who last night spoke on the
Stanford University Hour over radio
station KPO.
The Coast is the extreme western
edge of Occidental civilization, he
explained, and its nearness to the
vast, unexplored resources of the
Far East would seem to indicate that
the "Pacific era" in world trade is
definitely in the near future. Dr.
Mears believes that new cargoes re
leased by development of Eastern
resources will result in keeping the
maritime trade of America's western
coast steadily on the increase.

The moon completes a circuit
around the earth in a period whose
average length is 27 days 7 hours
43.2 minutes.
Trade with the Far East holds the
key to Pacific Coast trade and mari
time shipping, according to Eliot G.
Mears, who last night spoke on the
Stanford University Hour over radio
station KPO.
The Coast is the extreme western
edge of Occidental civilization, he
explained, and its nearness to the
vast, unexplored resources of the
Far East would seem to indicate that
the "Pacific era" in world trade is
definitely in the near future. Dr.
Mears believes that new cargoes re
leased by development of Eastern
resources will result in keeping the
maritime trade of America's western
coast steadily on the increase.

The moon completes a circuit
around the earth in a period whose
average length is 27 days 7 hours
43.2 minutes.
Trade with the Far East holds the
key to Pacific Coast trade and mari
time shipping, according to Eliot G.
Mears, who last night spoke on the
Stanford University Hour over radio
station KPO.
The Coast is the extreme western
edge of Occidental civilization, he
explained, and its nearness to the
vast, unexplored resources of the
Far East would seem to indicate that
the "Pacific era" in world trade is
definitely in the near future. Dr.
Mears believes that new cargoes re
leased by development of Eastern
resources will result in keeping the
maritime trade of America's western
coast steadily on the increase.

The moon completes a circuit
around the earth in a period whose
average length is 27 days 7 hours
43.2 minutes.
Trade with the Far East holds the
key to Pacific Coast trade and mari
time shipping, according to Eliot G.
Mears, who last night spoke on the
Stanford University Hour over radio
station KPO.
The Coast is the extreme western
edge of Occidental civilization, he
explained, and its nearness to the
vast, unexplored resources of the
Far East would seem to indicate that
the "Pacific era" in world trade is
definitely in the near future. Dr.
Mears believes that new cargoes re
leased by development of Eastern
resources will result in keeping the
maritime trade of America's western
coast steadily on the increase.

The moon completes a circuit
around the earth in a period whose
average length is 27 days 7 hours
43.2 minutes.
Trade with the Far East holds the
key to Pacific Coast trade and mari
time shipping, according to Eliot G.
Mears, who last night spoke on the
Stanford University Hour over radio
station KPO.
The Coast is the extreme western
edge of Occidental civilization, he
explained, and its nearness to the
vast, unexplored resources of the
Far East would seem to indicate that
the "Pacific era" in world trade is
definitely in the near future. Dr.
Mears believes that new cargoes re
leased by development of Eastern
resources will result in keeping the
maritime trade of America's western
coast steadily on the increase.

The moon completes a circuit
around the earth in a period whose
average length is 27 days 7 hours
43.2 minutes.
Trade with the Far East holds the
key to Pacific Coast trade and mari
time shipping, according to Eliot G.
Mears, who last night spoke on the
Stanford University Hour over radio
station KPO.
The Coast is the extreme western
edge of Occidental civilization, he
explained, and its nearness to the
vast, unexplored resources of the
Far East would seem to indicate that
the "Pacific era" in world trade is
definitely in the near future. Dr.
Mears believes that new cargoes re
leased by development of Eastern
resources will result in keeping the
maritime trade of America's western
coast steadily on the increase.

The moon completes a circuit
around the earth in a period whose
average length is 27 days 7 hours
43.2 minutes.
Trade with the Far East holds the
key to Pacific Coast trade and mari
time shipping, according to Eliot G.
Mears, who last night spoke on the
Stanford University Hour over radio
station KPO.
The Coast is the extreme western
edge of Occidental civilization, he
explained, and its nearness to the
vast, unexplored resources of the
Far East would seem to indicate that
the "Pacific era" in world trade is
definitely in the near future. Dr.
Mears believes that new cargoes re
leased by development of Eastern
resources will result in keeping the
maritime trade of America's western
coast steadily on the increase.

The moon completes a circuit
around the earth in a period whose
average length is 27 days 7 hours
43.2 minutes.
