# LT.-COL. STARKEY ENDS REVIEWS OF STANFORD R.O.T.C.
## 
### 
Climaxing the year's activities in
the Department of Military Science
and Tactics is the annual two-day
tactical inspection of the Field Ar
tillery R.O.T.C. by Lt.-Col. John R.
Starkey which concludes this after
noon with an inspection of drill in
the stables area.
This visit, the results of which
will play an important part in the
determination of an efficiency rating
for the local department, has con
sisted in the inspection of all Field
Artillery activities including morn
ing theoretical classes and regular
afternoon drill routine of battery and
gun drill, local military authorities
announced.
This inspection also marks the cul
mination of six years of service in
the local department as supply of
ficer, officer in charge of mounted
instruction, and championship polo
coach, of Captain Richai'd A. Gor~.
dan, who has recently received or
ders directing him to duty at Mon
terey.
The captain ranks as one of the
leading horsemen in the United
States, having been a member of the
army Olympic riding team in 1928.
He is also a graduate of the French
army cavalry school at Saumur, one
of the most famous riding academies
in the world.
Climaxing the year's activities in
the Department of Military Science
and Tactics is the annual two-day
tactical inspection of the Field Ar
tillery R.O.T.C. by Lt.-Col. John R.
Starkey which concludes this after
noon with an inspection of drill in
the stables area.
This visit, the results of which
will play an important part in the
determination of an efficiency rating
for the local department, has con
sisted in the inspection of all Field
Artillery activities including morn
ing theoretical classes and regular
afternoon drill routine of battery and
gun drill, local military authorities
announced.
This inspection also marks the cul
mination of six years of service in
the local department as supply of
ficer, officer in charge of mounted
instruction, and championship polo
coach, of Captain Richai'd A. Gor~.
dan, who has recently received or
ders directing him to duty at Mon
terey.
The captain ranks as one of the
leading horsemen in the United
States, having been a member of the
army Olympic riding team in 1928.
He is also a graduate of the French
army cavalry school at Saumur, one
of the most famous riding academies
in the world.
Climaxing the year's activities in
the Department of Military Science
and Tactics is the annual two-day
tactical inspection of the Field Ar
tillery R.O.T.C. by Lt.-Col. John R.
Starkey which concludes this after
noon with an inspection of drill in
the stables area.
This visit, the results of which
will play an important part in the
determination of an efficiency rating
for the local department, has con
sisted in the inspection of all Field
Artillery activities including morn
ing theoretical classes and regular
afternoon drill routine of battery and
gun drill, local military authorities
announced.
This inspection also marks the cul
mination of six years of service in
the local department as supply of
ficer, officer in charge of mounted
instruction, and championship polo
coach, of Captain Richai'd A. Gor~.
dan, who has recently received or
ders directing him to duty at Mon
terey.
The captain ranks as one of the
leading horsemen in the United
States, having been a member of the
army Olympic riding team in 1928.
He is also a graduate of the French
army cavalry school at Saumur, one
of the most famous riding academies
in the world.
Climaxing the year's activities in
the Department of Military Science
and Tactics is the annual two-day
tactical inspection of the Field Ar
tillery R.O.T.C. by Lt.-Col. John R.
Starkey which concludes this after
noon with an inspection of drill in
the stables area.
This visit, the results of which
will play an important part in the
determination of an efficiency rating
for the local department, has con
sisted in the inspection of all Field
Artillery activities including morn
ing theoretical classes and regular
afternoon drill routine of battery and
gun drill, local military authorities
announced.
This inspection also marks the cul
mination of six years of service in
the local department as supply of
ficer, officer in charge of mounted
instruction, and championship polo
coach, of Captain Richai'd A. Gor~.
dan, who has recently received or
ders directing him to duty at Mon
terey.
The captain ranks as one of the
leading horsemen in the United
States, having been a member of the
army Olympic riding team in 1928.
He is also a graduate of the French
army cavalry school at Saumur, one
of the most famous riding academies
in the world.
Climaxing the year's activities in
the Department of Military Science
and Tactics is the annual two-day
tactical inspection of the Field Ar
tillery R.O.T.C. by Lt.-Col. John R.
Starkey which concludes this after
noon with an inspection of drill in
the stables area.
This visit, the results of which
will play an important part in the
determination of an efficiency rating
for the local department, has con
sisted in the inspection of all Field
Artillery activities including morn
ing theoretical classes and regular
afternoon drill routine of battery and
gun drill, local military authorities
announced.
This inspection also marks the cul
mination of six years of service in
the local department as supply of
ficer, officer in charge of mounted
instruction, and championship polo
coach, of Captain Richai'd A. Gor~.
dan, who has recently received or
ders directing him to duty at Mon
terey.
The captain ranks as one of the
leading horsemen in the United
States, having been a member of the
army Olympic riding team in 1928.
He is also a graduate of the French
army cavalry school at Saumur, one
of the most famous riding academies
in the world.
Climaxing the year's activities in
the Department of Military Science
and Tactics is the annual two-day
tactical inspection of the Field Ar
tillery R.O.T.C. by Lt.-Col. John R.
Starkey which concludes this after
noon with an inspection of drill in
the stables area.
This visit, the results of which
will play an important part in the
determination of an efficiency rating
for the local department, has con
sisted in the inspection of all Field
Artillery activities including morn
ing theoretical classes and regular
afternoon drill routine of battery and
gun drill, local military authorities
announced.
This inspection also marks the cul
mination of six years of service in
the local department as supply of
ficer, officer in charge of mounted
instruction, and championship polo
coach, of Captain Richai'd A. Gor~.
dan, who has recently received or
ders directing him to duty at Mon
terey.
The captain ranks as one of the
leading horsemen in the United
States, having been a member of the
army Olympic riding team in 1928.
He is also a graduate of the French
army cavalry school at Saumur, one
of the most famous riding academies
in the world.
Climaxing the year's activities in
the Department of Military Science
and Tactics is the annual two-day
tactical inspection of the Field Ar
tillery R.O.T.C. by Lt.-Col. John R.
Starkey which concludes this after
noon with an inspection of drill in
the stables area.
This visit, the results of which
will play an important part in the
determination of an efficiency rating
for the local department, has con
sisted in the inspection of all Field
Artillery activities including morn
ing theoretical classes and regular
afternoon drill routine of battery and
gun drill, local military authorities
announced.
This inspection also marks the cul
mination of six years of service in
the local department as supply of
ficer, officer in charge of mounted
instruction, and championship polo
coach, of Captain Richai'd A. Gor~.
dan, who has recently received or
ders directing him to duty at Mon
terey.
The captain ranks as one of the
leading horsemen in the United
States, having been a member of the
army Olympic riding team in 1928.
He is also a graduate of the French
army cavalry school at Saumur, one
of the most famous riding academies
in the world.
Climaxing the year's activities in
the Department of Military Science
and Tactics is the annual two-day
tactical inspection of the Field Ar
tillery R.O.T.C. by Lt.-Col. John R.
Starkey which concludes this after
noon with an inspection of drill in
the stables area.
This visit, the results of which
will play an important part in the
determination of an efficiency rating
for the local department, has con
sisted in the inspection of all Field
Artillery activities including morn
ing theoretical classes and regular
afternoon drill routine of battery and
gun drill, local military authorities
announced.
This inspection also marks the cul
mination of six years of service in
the local department as supply of
ficer, officer in charge of mounted
instruction, and championship polo
coach, of Captain Richai'd A. Gor~.
dan, who has recently received or
ders directing him to duty at Mon
terey.
The captain ranks as one of the
leading horsemen in the United
States, having been a member of the
army Olympic riding team in 1928.
He is also a graduate of the French
army cavalry school at Saumur, one
of the most famous riding academies
in the world.
Climaxing the year's activities in
the Department of Military Science
and Tactics is the annual two-day
tactical inspection of the Field Ar
tillery R.O.T.C. by Lt.-Col. John R.
Starkey which concludes this after
noon with an inspection of drill in
the stables area.
This visit, the results of which
will play an important part in the
determination of an efficiency rating
for the local department, has con
sisted in the inspection of all Field
Artillery activities including morn
ing theoretical classes and regular
afternoon drill routine of battery and
gun drill, local military authorities
announced.
This inspection also marks the cul
mination of six years of service in
the local department as supply of
ficer, officer in charge of mounted
instruction, and championship polo
coach, of Captain Richai'd A. Gor~.
dan, who has recently received or
ders directing him to duty at Mon
terey.
The captain ranks as one of the
leading horsemen in the United
States, having been a member of the
army Olympic riding team in 1928.
He is also a graduate of the French
army cavalry school at Saumur, one
of the most famous riding academies
in the world.
Climaxing the year's activities in
the Department of Military Science
and Tactics is the annual two-day
tactical inspection of the Field Ar
tillery R.O.T.C. by Lt.-Col. John R.
Starkey which concludes this after
noon with an inspection of drill in
the stables area.
This visit, the results of which
will play an important part in the
determination of an efficiency rating
for the local department, has con
sisted in the inspection of all Field
Artillery activities including morn
ing theoretical classes and regular
afternoon drill routine of battery and
gun drill, local military authorities
announced.
This inspection also marks the cul
mination of six years of service in
the local department as supply of
ficer, officer in charge of mounted
instruction, and championship polo
coach, of Captain Richai'd A. Gor~.
dan, who has recently received or
ders directing him to duty at Mon
terey.
The captain ranks as one of the
leading horsemen in the United
States, having been a member of the
army Olympic riding team in 1928.
He is also a graduate of the French
army cavalry school at Saumur, one
of the most famous riding academies
in the world.
Climaxing the year's activities in
the Department of Military Science
and Tactics is the annual two-day
tactical inspection of the Field Ar
tillery R.O.T.C. by Lt.-Col. John R.
Starkey which concludes this after
noon with an inspection of drill in
the stables area.
This visit, the results of which
will play an important part in the
determination of an efficiency rating
for the local department, has con
sisted in the inspection of all Field
Artillery activities including morn
ing theoretical classes and regular
afternoon drill routine of battery and
gun drill, local military authorities
announced.
This inspection also marks the cul
mination of six years of service in
the local department as supply of
ficer, officer in charge of mounted
instruction, and championship polo
coach, of Captain Richai'd A. Gor~.
dan, who has recently received or
ders directing him to duty at Mon
terey.
The captain ranks as one of the
leading horsemen in the United
States, having been a member of the
army Olympic riding team in 1928.
He is also a graduate of the French
army cavalry school at Saumur, one
of the most famous riding academies
in the world.
Climaxing the year's activities in
the Department of Military Science
and Tactics is the annual two-day
tactical inspection of the Field Ar
tillery R.O.T.C. by Lt.-Col. John R.
Starkey which concludes this after
noon with an inspection of drill in
the stables area.
This visit, the results of which
will play an important part in the
determination of an efficiency rating
for the local department, has con
sisted in the inspection of all Field
Artillery activities including morn
ing theoretical classes and regular
afternoon drill routine of battery and
gun drill, local military authorities
announced.
This inspection also marks the cul
mination of six years of service in
the local department as supply of
ficer, officer in charge of mounted
instruction, and championship polo
coach, of Captain Richai'd A. Gor~.
dan, who has recently received or
ders directing him to duty at Mon
terey.
The captain ranks as one of the
leading horsemen in the United
States, having been a member of the
army Olympic riding team in 1928.
He is also a graduate of the French
army cavalry school at Saumur, one
of the most famous riding academies
in the world.
Climaxing the year's activities in
the Department of Military Science
and Tactics is the annual two-day
tactical inspection of the Field Ar
tillery R.O.T.C. by Lt.-Col. John R.
Starkey which concludes this after
noon with an inspection of drill in
the stables area.
This visit, the results of which
will play an important part in the
determination of an efficiency rating
for the local department, has con
sisted in the inspection of all Field
Artillery activities including morn
ing theoretical classes and regular
afternoon drill routine of battery and
gun drill, local military authorities
announced.
This inspection also marks the cul
mination of six years of service in
the local department as supply of
ficer, officer in charge of mounted
instruction, and championship polo
coach, of Captain Richai'd A. Gor~.
dan, who has recently received or
ders directing him to duty at Mon
terey.
The captain ranks as one of the
leading horsemen in the United
States, having been a member of the
army Olympic riding team in 1928.
He is also a graduate of the French
army cavalry school at Saumur, one
of the most famous riding academies
in the world.
Climaxing the year's activities in
the Department of Military Science
and Tactics is the annual two-day
tactical inspection of the Field Ar
tillery R.O.T.C. by Lt.-Col. John R.
Starkey which concludes this after
noon with an inspection of drill in
the stables area.
This visit, the results of which
will play an important part in the
determination of an efficiency rating
for the local department, has con
sisted in the inspection of all Field
Artillery activities including morn
ing theoretical classes and regular
afternoon drill routine of battery and
gun drill, local military authorities
announced.
This inspection also marks the cul
mination of six years of service in
the local department as supply of
ficer, officer in charge of mounted
instruction, and championship polo
coach, of Captain Richai'd A. Gor~.
dan, who has recently received or
ders directing him to duty at Mon
terey.
The captain ranks as one of the
leading horsemen in the United
States, having been a member of the
army Olympic riding team in 1928.
He is also a graduate of the French
army cavalry school at Saumur, one
of the most famous riding academies
in the world.
Climaxing the year's activities in
the Department of Military Science
and Tactics is the annual two-day
tactical inspection of the Field Ar
tillery R.O.T.C. by Lt.-Col. John R.
Starkey which concludes this after
noon with an inspection of drill in
the stables area.
This visit, the results of which
will play an important part in the
determination of an efficiency rating
for the local department, has con
sisted in the inspection of all Field
Artillery activities including morn
ing theoretical classes and regular
afternoon drill routine of battery and
gun drill, local military authorities
announced.
This inspection also marks the cul
mination of six years of service in
the local department as supply of
ficer, officer in charge of mounted
instruction, and championship polo
coach, of Captain Richai'd A. Gor~.
dan, who has recently received or
ders directing him to duty at Mon
terey.
The captain ranks as one of the
leading horsemen in the United
States, having been a member of the
army Olympic riding team in 1928.
He is also a graduate of the French
army cavalry school at Saumur, one
of the most famous riding academies
in the world.
