# Friends.
## 
### 
For ten days th© travelers from
Australia have been the guests of the
Stanford Student Body. They came as

visitors and leave us as
friends that we are glad to

know. We look forward to
the time when they make anothei
sojourn with us. They have helped
materially to place rugby more firmly
upon an international basis and have
shown us many of the finer points of
the game. They have learned that the
way Stanford plays rugby is another
synonym for the English method—that
it is a game for gentlemen to play.
The basis is now firmly laid for fur
ther exchanges of games with Aus
tralia. It is now the turn of Califor
nia to send an All-American team to
the Antipodes, and also reminds us of
the fact that we must send the Stan
ford rowers to the East again next
summer. The scope of Stanford ath
letics now reaches half-way around
the world.
