# NAVY NEEDS OFFICERS
## 
### 
Citing an immediate need for li
censed merchant service officers to
serve as commissioned officers in the
Naval Reserve, the Navy gave assur
ance that its policy would be to per
mit such officers to continue on ves
sels with which they are familiar.
Prospective applicants should go to
the Office of Naval Officer Procure
ment, 703 Market Street, San Fran
cisco.
Citing an immediate need for li
censed merchant service officers to
serve as commissioned officers in the
Naval Reserve, the Navy gave assur
ance that its policy would be to per
mit such officers to continue on ves
sels with which they are familiar.
Prospective applicants should go to
the Office of Naval Officer Procure
ment, 703 Market Street, San Fran
cisco.
Citing an immediate need for li
censed merchant service officers to
serve as commissioned officers in the
Naval Reserve, the Navy gave assur
ance that its policy would be to per
mit such officers to continue on ves
sels with which they are familiar.
Prospective applicants should go to
the Office of Naval Officer Procure
ment, 703 Market Street, San Fran
cisco.
Citing an immediate need for li
censed merchant service officers to
serve as commissioned officers in the
Naval Reserve, the Navy gave assur
ance that its policy would be to per
mit such officers to continue on ves
sels with which they are familiar.
Prospective applicants should go to
the Office of Naval Officer Procure
ment, 703 Market Street, San Fran
cisco.
Citing an immediate need for li
censed merchant service officers to
serve as commissioned officers in the
Naval Reserve, the Navy gave assur
ance that its policy would be to per
mit such officers to continue on ves
sels with which they are familiar.
Prospective applicants should go to
the Office of Naval Officer Procure
ment, 703 Market Street, San Fran
cisco.
Citing an immediate need for li
censed merchant service officers to
serve as commissioned officers in the
Naval Reserve, the Navy gave assur
ance that its policy would be to per
mit such officers to continue on ves
sels with which they are familiar.
Prospective applicants should go to
the Office of Naval Officer Procure
ment, 703 Market Street, San Fran
cisco.
Citing an immediate need for li
censed merchant service officers to
serve as commissioned officers in the
Naval Reserve, the Navy gave assur
ance that its policy would be to per
mit such officers to continue on ves
sels with which they are familiar.
Prospective applicants should go to
the Office of Naval Officer Procure
ment, 703 Market Street, San Fran
cisco.
Citing an immediate need for li
censed merchant service officers to
serve as commissioned officers in the
Naval Reserve, the Navy gave assur
ance that its policy would be to per
mit such officers to continue on ves
sels with which they are familiar.
Prospective applicants should go to
the Office of Naval Officer Procure
ment, 703 Market Street, San Fran
cisco.
Citing an immediate need for li
censed merchant service officers to
serve as commissioned officers in the
Naval Reserve, the Navy gave assur
ance that its policy would be to per
mit such officers to continue on ves
sels with which they are familiar.
Prospective applicants should go to
the Office of Naval Officer Procure
ment, 703 Market Street, San Fran
cisco.
Citing an immediate need for li
censed merchant service officers to
serve as commissioned officers in the
Naval Reserve, the Navy gave assur
ance that its policy would be to per
mit such officers to continue on ves
sels with which they are familiar.
Prospective applicants should go to
the Office of Naval Officer Procure
ment, 703 Market Street, San Fran
cisco.
Citing an immediate need for li
censed merchant service officers to
serve as commissioned officers in the
Naval Reserve, the Navy gave assur
ance that its policy would be to per
mit such officers to continue on ves
sels with which they are familiar.
Prospective applicants should go to
the Office of Naval Officer Procure
ment, 703 Market Street, San Fran
cisco.
Citing an immediate need for li
censed merchant service officers to
serve as commissioned officers in the
Naval Reserve, the Navy gave assur
ance that its policy would be to per
mit such officers to continue on ves
sels with which they are familiar.
Prospective applicants should go to
the Office of Naval Officer Procure
ment, 703 Market Street, San Fran
cisco.
Citing an immediate need for li
censed merchant service officers to
serve as commissioned officers in the
Naval Reserve, the Navy gave assur
ance that its policy would be to per
mit such officers to continue on ves
sels with which they are familiar.
Prospective applicants should go to
the Office of Naval Officer Procure
ment, 703 Market Street, San Fran
cisco.
Citing an immediate need for li
censed merchant service officers to
serve as commissioned officers in the
Naval Reserve, the Navy gave assur
ance that its policy would be to per
mit such officers to continue on ves
sels with which they are familiar.
Prospective applicants should go to
the Office of Naval Officer Procure
ment, 703 Market Street, San Fran
cisco.
Citing an immediate need for li
censed merchant service officers to
serve as commissioned officers in the
Naval Reserve, the Navy gave assur
ance that its policy would be to per
mit such officers to continue on ves
sels with which they are familiar.
Prospective applicants should go to
the Office of Naval Officer Procure
ment, 703 Market Street, San Fran
cisco.
Citing an immediate need for li
censed merchant service officers to
serve as commissioned officers in the
Naval Reserve, the Navy gave assur
ance that its policy would be to per
mit such officers to continue on ves
sels with which they are familiar.
Prospective applicants should go to
the Office of Naval Officer Procure
ment, 703 Market Street, San Fran
cisco.
Citing an immediate need for li
censed merchant service officers to
serve as commissioned officers in the
Naval Reserve, the Navy gave assur
ance that its policy would be to per
mit such officers to continue on ves
sels with which they are familiar.
Prospective applicants should go to
the Office of Naval Officer Procure
ment, 703 Market Street, San Fran
cisco.
Citing an immediate need for li
censed merchant service officers to
serve as commissioned officers in the
Naval Reserve, the Navy gave assur
ance that its policy would be to per
mit such officers to continue on ves
sels with which they are familiar.
Prospective applicants should go to
the Office of Naval Officer Procure
ment, 703 Market Street, San Fran
cisco.
