# To Prepare for Navy
## 
### 
BOSTON, July B.—Tod Williams,
slugging outfielder of the Red Sox,
will enroll in a Boston trade school
Monday night. Williams, who is
scheduled to enter the Navy Air
Corps within a few months, will in
clude mathematics, elementary navi
gation, physios, and aerology in his
studies.
BOSTON, July B.—Tod Williams,
slugging outfielder of the Red Sox,
will enroll in a Boston trade school
Monday night. Williams, who is
scheduled to enter the Navy Air
Corps within a few months, will in
clude mathematics, elementary navi
gation, physios, and aerology in his
studies.
BOSTON, July B.—Tod Williams,
slugging outfielder of the Red Sox,
will enroll in a Boston trade school
Monday night. Williams, who is
scheduled to enter the Navy Air
Corps within a few months, will in
clude mathematics, elementary navi
gation, physios, and aerology in his
studies.
BOSTON, July B.—Tod Williams,
slugging outfielder of the Red Sox,
will enroll in a Boston trade school
Monday night. Williams, who is
scheduled to enter the Navy Air
Corps within a few months, will in
clude mathematics, elementary navi
gation, physios, and aerology in his
studies.
BOSTON, July B.—Tod Williams,
slugging outfielder of the Red Sox,
will enroll in a Boston trade school
Monday night. Williams, who is
scheduled to enter the Navy Air
Corps within a few months, will in
clude mathematics, elementary navi
gation, physios, and aerology in his
studies.
BOSTON, July B.—Tod Williams,
slugging outfielder of the Red Sox,
will enroll in a Boston trade school
Monday night. Williams, who is
scheduled to enter the Navy Air
Corps within a few months, will in
clude mathematics, elementary navi
gation, physios, and aerology in his
studies.
BOSTON, July B.—Tod Williams,
slugging outfielder of the Red Sox,
will enroll in a Boston trade school
Monday night. Williams, who is
scheduled to enter the Navy Air
Corps within a few months, will in
clude mathematics, elementary navi
gation, physios, and aerology in his
studies.
BOSTON, July B.—Tod Williams,
slugging outfielder of the Red Sox,
will enroll in a Boston trade school
Monday night. Williams, who is
scheduled to enter the Navy Air
Corps within a few months, will in
clude mathematics, elementary navi
gation, physios, and aerology in his
studies.
BOSTON, July B.—Tod Williams,
slugging outfielder of the Red Sox,
will enroll in a Boston trade school
Monday night. Williams, who is
scheduled to enter the Navy Air
Corps within a few months, will in
clude mathematics, elementary navi
gation, physios, and aerology in his
studies.
BOSTON, July B.—Tod Williams,
slugging outfielder of the Red Sox,
will enroll in a Boston trade school
Monday night. Williams, who is
scheduled to enter the Navy Air
Corps within a few months, will in
clude mathematics, elementary navi
gation, physios, and aerology in his
studies.
BOSTON, July B.—Tod Williams,
slugging outfielder of the Red Sox,
will enroll in a Boston trade school
Monday night. Williams, who is
scheduled to enter the Navy Air
Corps within a few months, will in
clude mathematics, elementary navi
gation, physios, and aerology in his
studies.
BOSTON, July B.—Tod Williams,
slugging outfielder of the Red Sox,
will enroll in a Boston trade school
Monday night. Williams, who is
scheduled to enter the Navy Air
Corps within a few months, will in
clude mathematics, elementary navi
gation, physios, and aerology in his
studies.
BOSTON, July B.—Tod Williams,
slugging outfielder of the Red Sox,
will enroll in a Boston trade school
Monday night. Williams, who is
scheduled to enter the Navy Air
Corps within a few months, will in
clude mathematics, elementary navi
gation, physios, and aerology in his
studies.
BOSTON, July B.—Tod Williams,
slugging outfielder of the Red Sox,
will enroll in a Boston trade school
Monday night. Williams, who is
scheduled to enter the Navy Air
Corps within a few months, will in
clude mathematics, elementary navi
gation, physios, and aerology in his
studies.
BOSTON, July B.—Tod Williams,
slugging outfielder of the Red Sox,
will enroll in a Boston trade school
Monday night. Williams, who is
scheduled to enter the Navy Air
Corps within a few months, will in
clude mathematics, elementary navi
gation, physios, and aerology in his
studies.
BOSTON, July B.—Tod Williams,
slugging outfielder of the Red Sox,
will enroll in a Boston trade school
Monday night. Williams, who is
scheduled to enter the Navy Air
Corps within a few months, will in
clude mathematics, elementary navi
gation, physios, and aerology in his
studies.
BOSTON, July B.—Tod Williams,
slugging outfielder of the Red Sox,
will enroll in a Boston trade school
Monday night. Williams, who is
scheduled to enter the Navy Air
Corps within a few months, will in
clude mathematics, elementary navi
gation, physios, and aerology in his
studies.
BOSTON, July B.—Tod Williams,
slugging outfielder of the Red Sox,
will enroll in a Boston trade school
Monday night. Williams, who is
scheduled to enter the Navy Air
Corps within a few months, will in
clude mathematics, elementary navi
gation, physios, and aerology in his
studies.
