# Next Church Service
## 
### 
The Encina sponsors will be in
charge of the Sunday service at the
Memorial Church July 12. Music for
the program will be provided by the
University Choir.
The Encina sponsors will be in
charge of the Sunday service at the
Memorial Church July 12. Music for
the program will be provided by the
University Choir.
The Encina sponsors will be in
charge of the Sunday service at the
Memorial Church July 12. Music for
the program will be provided by the
University Choir.
The Encina sponsors will be in
charge of the Sunday service at the
Memorial Church July 12. Music for
the program will be provided by the
University Choir.
The Encina sponsors will be in
charge of the Sunday service at the
Memorial Church July 12. Music for
the program will be provided by the
University Choir.
The Encina sponsors will be in
charge of the Sunday service at the
Memorial Church July 12. Music for
the program will be provided by the
University Choir.
The Encina sponsors will be in
charge of the Sunday service at the
Memorial Church July 12. Music for
the program will be provided by the
University Choir.
The Encina sponsors will be in
charge of the Sunday service at the
Memorial Church July 12. Music for
the program will be provided by the
University Choir.
The Encina sponsors will be in
charge of the Sunday service at the
Memorial Church July 12. Music for
the program will be provided by the
University Choir.
The Encina sponsors will be in
charge of the Sunday service at the
Memorial Church July 12. Music for
the program will be provided by the
University Choir.
The Encina sponsors will be in
charge of the Sunday service at the
Memorial Church July 12. Music for
the program will be provided by the
University Choir.
The Encina sponsors will be in
charge of the Sunday service at the
Memorial Church July 12. Music for
the program will be provided by the
University Choir.
The Encina sponsors will be in
charge of the Sunday service at the
Memorial Church July 12. Music for
the program will be provided by the
University Choir.
The Encina sponsors will be in
charge of the Sunday service at the
Memorial Church July 12. Music for
the program will be provided by the
University Choir.
The Encina sponsors will be in
charge of the Sunday service at the
Memorial Church July 12. Music for
the program will be provided by the
University Choir.
The Encina sponsors will be in
charge of the Sunday service at the
Memorial Church July 12. Music for
the program will be provided by the
University Choir.
The Encina sponsors will be in
charge of the Sunday service at the
Memorial Church July 12. Music for
the program will be provided by the
University Choir.
The Encina sponsors will be in
charge of the Sunday service at the
Memorial Church July 12. Music for
the program will be provided by the
University Choir.
