# 'Y' Bible Study Group Will Meet at Noon
## 
### 
Jacques Beaumont will conduct
the "Y" Bible study group at a noon
luncheon meeting today in the Y"
lounge on the third floor of 1.1"'
Women's Clubhouse.
The group will continue its t.udy,
begun last week, of the Bonk of
Ephesians, from the Standard Rr
vised Version of the Bible. Lund,
served at 12, will be 30 cents. All
interested arc invited to attend.
Jacques Beaumont will conduct
the "Y" Bible study group at a noon
luncheon meeting today in the Y"
lounge on the third floor of 1.1"'
Women's Clubhouse.
The group will continue its t.udy,
begun last week, of the Bonk of
Ephesians, from the Standard Rr
vised Version of the Bible. Lund,
served at 12, will be 30 cents. All
interested arc invited to attend.
Jacques Beaumont will conduct
the "Y" Bible study group at a noon
luncheon meeting today in the Y"
lounge on the third floor of 1.1"'
Women's Clubhouse.
The group will continue its t.udy,
begun last week, of the Bonk of
Ephesians, from the Standard Rr
vised Version of the Bible. Lund,
served at 12, will be 30 cents. All
interested arc invited to attend.
Jacques Beaumont will conduct
the "Y" Bible study group at a noon
luncheon meeting today in the Y"
lounge on the third floor of 1.1"'
Women's Clubhouse.
The group will continue its t.udy,
begun last week, of the Bonk of
Ephesians, from the Standard Rr
vised Version of the Bible. Lund,
served at 12, will be 30 cents. All
interested arc invited to attend.
Jacques Beaumont will conduct
the "Y" Bible study group at a noon
luncheon meeting today in the Y"
lounge on the third floor of 1.1"'
Women's Clubhouse.
The group will continue its t.udy,
begun last week, of the Bonk of
Ephesians, from the Standard Rr
vised Version of the Bible. Lund,
served at 12, will be 30 cents. All
interested arc invited to attend.
Jacques Beaumont will conduct
the "Y" Bible study group at a noon
luncheon meeting today in the Y"
lounge on the third floor of 1.1"'
Women's Clubhouse.
The group will continue its t.udy,
begun last week, of the Bonk of
Ephesians, from the Standard Rr
vised Version of the Bible. Lund,
served at 12, will be 30 cents. All
interested arc invited to attend.
Jacques Beaumont will conduct
the "Y" Bible study group at a noon
luncheon meeting today in the Y"
lounge on the third floor of 1.1"'
Women's Clubhouse.
The group will continue its t.udy,
begun last week, of the Bonk of
Ephesians, from the Standard Rr
vised Version of the Bible. Lund,
served at 12, will be 30 cents. All
interested arc invited to attend.
Jacques Beaumont will conduct
the "Y" Bible study group at a noon
luncheon meeting today in the Y"
lounge on the third floor of 1.1"'
Women's Clubhouse.
The group will continue its t.udy,
begun last week, of the Bonk of
Ephesians, from the Standard Rr
vised Version of the Bible. Lund,
served at 12, will be 30 cents. All
interested arc invited to attend.
Jacques Beaumont will conduct
the "Y" Bible study group at a noon
luncheon meeting today in the Y"
lounge on the third floor of 1.1"'
Women's Clubhouse.
The group will continue its t.udy,
begun last week, of the Bonk of
Ephesians, from the Standard Rr
vised Version of the Bible. Lund,
served at 12, will be 30 cents. All
interested arc invited to attend.
Jacques Beaumont will conduct
the "Y" Bible study group at a noon
luncheon meeting today in the Y"
lounge on the third floor of 1.1"'
Women's Clubhouse.
The group will continue its t.udy,
begun last week, of the Bonk of
Ephesians, from the Standard Rr
vised Version of the Bible. Lund,
served at 12, will be 30 cents. All
interested arc invited to attend.
Jacques Beaumont will conduct
the "Y" Bible study group at a noon
luncheon meeting today in the Y"
lounge on the third floor of 1.1"'
Women's Clubhouse.
The group will continue its t.udy,
begun last week, of the Bonk of
Ephesians, from the Standard Rr
vised Version of the Bible. Lund,
served at 12, will be 30 cents. All
interested arc invited to attend.
Jacques Beaumont will conduct
the "Y" Bible study group at a noon
luncheon meeting today in the Y"
lounge on the third floor of 1.1"'
Women's Clubhouse.
The group will continue its t.udy,
begun last week, of the Bonk of
Ephesians, from the Standard Rr
vised Version of the Bible. Lund,
served at 12, will be 30 cents. All
interested arc invited to attend.
Jacques Beaumont will conduct
the "Y" Bible study group at a noon
luncheon meeting today in the Y"
lounge on the third floor of 1.1"'
Women's Clubhouse.
The group will continue its t.udy,
begun last week, of the Bonk of
Ephesians, from the Standard Rr
vised Version of the Bible. Lund,
served at 12, will be 30 cents. All
interested arc invited to attend.
Jacques Beaumont will conduct
the "Y" Bible study group at a noon
luncheon meeting today in the Y"
lounge on the third floor of 1.1"'
Women's Clubhouse.
The group will continue its t.udy,
begun last week, of the Bonk of
Ephesians, from the Standard Rr
vised Version of the Bible. Lund,
served at 12, will be 30 cents. All
interested arc invited to attend.
