# Business Sales Up During September
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 31 (UP) â€”
Manufacturers received more new
orders for goods in September,
largely military items, than in any
month since the business downturn
started in mid-1953, the Commerce
Department reported today.
It also said that manufacturers'
sales rose "slightly" and that indus
try's backlog of "unfilled orders"
jumped for the first time in 19
months. Higher sales were general
throughout industry except for auto
makers who were egtting ready for
new model cars.
The report came on the heels of
Labor Secretary James P. Mitchell's
announcement, that unemployment
dropped by 358,000 early this month.
Manufacturers received $24,800,-
000,000 in new orders in September,
$2,000,000,000 more than in August.
The Department said only $400,000.-
000 of the increase could be attrib
uted to the usual upturn ;it this time
of year.
