# Men's Meeting Wednesday Evening.
## 
### 
D. W. Weist, secretary of the Stan
ford Y. M. C. A., will speak at the
regular weekly meeting of the Asso
ciation, Wednesday evening at 7:15,
in the Men's Room on the subject,
"Discipleship." R. G. Cole, '12, will
lead the singing. All the men of the
University are given a cordial invita
tion.
D. W. Weist, secretary of the Stan
ford Y. M. C. A., will speak at the
regular weekly meeting of the Asso
ciation, Wednesday evening at 7:15,
in the Men's Room on the subject,
"Discipleship." R. G. Cole, '12, will
lead the singing. All the men of the
University are given a cordial invita
tion.
D. W. Weist, secretary of the Stan
ford Y. M. C. A., will speak at the
regular weekly meeting of the Asso
ciation, Wednesday evening at 7:15,
in the Men's Room on the subject,
"Discipleship." R. G. Cole, '12, will
lead the singing. All the men of the
University are given a cordial invita
tion.
D. W. Weist, secretary of the Stan
ford Y. M. C. A., will speak at the
regular weekly meeting of the Asso
ciation, Wednesday evening at 7:15,
in the Men's Room on the subject,
"Discipleship." R. G. Cole, '12, will
lead the singing. All the men of the
University are given a cordial invita
tion.
D. W. Weist, secretary of the Stan
ford Y. M. C. A., will speak at the
regular weekly meeting of the Asso
ciation, Wednesday evening at 7:15,
in the Men's Room on the subject,
"Discipleship." R. G. Cole, '12, will
lead the singing. All the men of the
University are given a cordial invita
tion.
D. W. Weist, secretary of the Stan
ford Y. M. C. A., will speak at the
regular weekly meeting of the Asso
ciation, Wednesday evening at 7:15,
in the Men's Room on the subject,
"Discipleship." R. G. Cole, '12, will
lead the singing. All the men of the
University are given a cordial invita
tion.
D. W. Weist, secretary of the Stan
ford Y. M. C. A., will speak at the
regular weekly meeting of the Asso
ciation, Wednesday evening at 7:15,
in the Men's Room on the subject,
"Discipleship." R. G. Cole, '12, will
lead the singing. All the men of the
University are given a cordial invita
tion.
D. W. Weist, secretary of the Stan
ford Y. M. C. A., will speak at the
regular weekly meeting of the Asso
ciation, Wednesday evening at 7:15,
in the Men's Room on the subject,
"Discipleship." R. G. Cole, '12, will
lead the singing. All the men of the
University are given a cordial invita
tion.
D. W. Weist, secretary of the Stan
ford Y. M. C. A., will speak at the
regular weekly meeting of the Asso
ciation, Wednesday evening at 7:15,
in the Men's Room on the subject,
"Discipleship." R. G. Cole, '12, will
lead the singing. All the men of the
University are given a cordial invita
tion.
D. W. Weist, secretary of the Stan
ford Y. M. C. A., will speak at the
regular weekly meeting of the Asso
ciation, Wednesday evening at 7:15,
in the Men's Room on the subject,
"Discipleship." R. G. Cole, '12, will
lead the singing. All the men of the
University are given a cordial invita
tion.
D. W. Weist, secretary of the Stan
ford Y. M. C. A., will speak at the
regular weekly meeting of the Asso
ciation, Wednesday evening at 7:15,
in the Men's Room on the subject,
"Discipleship." R. G. Cole, '12, will
lead the singing. All the men of the
University are given a cordial invita
tion.
D. W. Weist, secretary of the Stan
ford Y. M. C. A., will speak at the
regular weekly meeting of the Asso
ciation, Wednesday evening at 7:15,
in the Men's Room on the subject,
"Discipleship." R. G. Cole, '12, will
lead the singing. All the men of the
University are given a cordial invita
tion.
