# TV HURT MICHIGAN GAME
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. I> (UP) —
Television "definitely hurt" attend
ance at ihc Michigan-Stanford foot
ball game on Saturday, Publicity
Director Don Liebendorfer said to
day.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. I> (UP) —
Television "definitely hurt" attend
ance at ihc Michigan-Stanford foot
ball game on Saturday, Publicity
Director Don Liebendorfer said to
day.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. I> (UP) —
Television "definitely hurt" attend
ance at ihc Michigan-Stanford foot
ball game on Saturday, Publicity
Director Don Liebendorfer said to
day.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. I> (UP) —
Television "definitely hurt" attend
ance at ihc Michigan-Stanford foot
ball game on Saturday, Publicity
Director Don Liebendorfer said to
day.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. I> (UP) —
Television "definitely hurt" attend
ance at ihc Michigan-Stanford foot
ball game on Saturday, Publicity
Director Don Liebendorfer said to
day.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. I> (UP) —
Television "definitely hurt" attend
ance at ihc Michigan-Stanford foot
ball game on Saturday, Publicity
Director Don Liebendorfer said to
day.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. I> (UP) —
Television "definitely hurt" attend
ance at ihc Michigan-Stanford foot
ball game on Saturday, Publicity
Director Don Liebendorfer said to
day.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. I> (UP) —
Television "definitely hurt" attend
ance at ihc Michigan-Stanford foot
ball game on Saturday, Publicity
Director Don Liebendorfer said to
day.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. I> (UP) —
Television "definitely hurt" attend
ance at ihc Michigan-Stanford foot
ball game on Saturday, Publicity
Director Don Liebendorfer said to
day.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. I> (UP) —
Television "definitely hurt" attend
ance at ihc Michigan-Stanford foot
ball game on Saturday, Publicity
Director Don Liebendorfer said to
day.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. I> (UP) —
Television "definitely hurt" attend
ance at ihc Michigan-Stanford foot
ball game on Saturday, Publicity
Director Don Liebendorfer said to
day.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. I> (UP) —
Television "definitely hurt" attend
ance at ihc Michigan-Stanford foot
ball game on Saturday, Publicity
Director Don Liebendorfer said to
day.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. I> (UP) —
Television "definitely hurt" attend
ance at ihc Michigan-Stanford foot
ball game on Saturday, Publicity
Director Don Liebendorfer said to
day.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. I> (UP) —
Television "definitely hurt" attend
ance at ihc Michigan-Stanford foot
ball game on Saturday, Publicity
Director Don Liebendorfer said to
day.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. I> (UP) —
Television "definitely hurt" attend
ance at ihc Michigan-Stanford foot
ball game on Saturday, Publicity
Director Don Liebendorfer said to
day.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. I> (UP) —
Television "definitely hurt" attend
ance at ihc Michigan-Stanford foot
ball game on Saturday, Publicity
Director Don Liebendorfer said to
day.
