# CLEAR TODAY
## 
### 
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Thursday and Friday except for
morning fog Friday; little tempera
ture change; moderate westerly
wind.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Thursday and Friday except for
morning fog Friday; little tempera
ture change; moderate westerly
wind.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Thursday and Friday except for
morning fog Friday; little tempera
ture change; moderate westerly
wind.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Thursday and Friday except for
morning fog Friday; little tempera
ture change; moderate westerly
wind.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Thursday and Friday except for
morning fog Friday; little tempera
ture change; moderate westerly
wind.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Thursday and Friday except for
morning fog Friday; little tempera
ture change; moderate westerly
wind.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Thursday and Friday except for
morning fog Friday; little tempera
ture change; moderate westerly
wind.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Thursday and Friday except for
morning fog Friday; little tempera
ture change; moderate westerly
wind.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Thursday and Friday except for
morning fog Friday; little tempera
ture change; moderate westerly
wind.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Thursday and Friday except for
morning fog Friday; little tempera
ture change; moderate westerly
wind.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Thursday and Friday except for
morning fog Friday; little tempera
ture change; moderate westerly
wind.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Thursday and Friday except for
morning fog Friday; little tempera
ture change; moderate westerly
wind.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Thursday and Friday except for
morning fog Friday; little tempera
ture change; moderate westerly
wind.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Thursday and Friday except for
morning fog Friday; little tempera
ture change; moderate westerly
wind.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Thursday and Friday except for
morning fog Friday; little tempera
ture change; moderate westerly
wind.
