# Roble 3C, Eucalypto In Softball Finals
## 
### 
ItoMc :5C an 'I Eucalypto will
play in the softball finals Friday
as the culmination of Field Week.
Fielu Week included exhibition
fencing, tennis matches, competi
tion swimming, and an aquacade,
which took place yesterday. Mary
Stafford was in charge of the
Field Week.
ItoMc :5C an 'I Eucalypto will
play in the softball finals Friday
as the culmination of Field Week.
Fielu Week included exhibition
fencing, tennis matches, competi
tion swimming, and an aquacade,
which took place yesterday. Mary
Stafford was in charge of the
Field Week.
ItoMc :5C an 'I Eucalypto will
play in the softball finals Friday
as the culmination of Field Week.
Fielu Week included exhibition
fencing, tennis matches, competi
tion swimming, and an aquacade,
which took place yesterday. Mary
Stafford was in charge of the
Field Week.
ItoMc :5C an 'I Eucalypto will
play in the softball finals Friday
as the culmination of Field Week.
Fielu Week included exhibition
fencing, tennis matches, competi
tion swimming, and an aquacade,
which took place yesterday. Mary
Stafford was in charge of the
Field Week.
ItoMc :5C an 'I Eucalypto will
play in the softball finals Friday
as the culmination of Field Week.
Fielu Week included exhibition
fencing, tennis matches, competi
tion swimming, and an aquacade,
which took place yesterday. Mary
Stafford was in charge of the
Field Week.
ItoMc :5C an 'I Eucalypto will
play in the softball finals Friday
as the culmination of Field Week.
Fielu Week included exhibition
fencing, tennis matches, competi
tion swimming, and an aquacade,
which took place yesterday. Mary
Stafford was in charge of the
Field Week.
ItoMc :5C an 'I Eucalypto will
play in the softball finals Friday
as the culmination of Field Week.
Fielu Week included exhibition
fencing, tennis matches, competi
tion swimming, and an aquacade,
which took place yesterday. Mary
Stafford was in charge of the
Field Week.
ItoMc :5C an 'I Eucalypto will
play in the softball finals Friday
as the culmination of Field Week.
Fielu Week included exhibition
fencing, tennis matches, competi
tion swimming, and an aquacade,
which took place yesterday. Mary
Stafford was in charge of the
Field Week.
ItoMc :5C an 'I Eucalypto will
play in the softball finals Friday
as the culmination of Field Week.
Fielu Week included exhibition
fencing, tennis matches, competi
tion swimming, and an aquacade,
which took place yesterday. Mary
Stafford was in charge of the
Field Week.
ItoMc :5C an 'I Eucalypto will
play in the softball finals Friday
as the culmination of Field Week.
Fielu Week included exhibition
fencing, tennis matches, competi
tion swimming, and an aquacade,
which took place yesterday. Mary
Stafford was in charge of the
Field Week.
ItoMc :5C an 'I Eucalypto will
play in the softball finals Friday
as the culmination of Field Week.
Fielu Week included exhibition
fencing, tennis matches, competi
tion swimming, and an aquacade,
which took place yesterday. Mary
Stafford was in charge of the
Field Week.
ItoMc :5C an 'I Eucalypto will
play in the softball finals Friday
as the culmination of Field Week.
Fielu Week included exhibition
fencing, tennis matches, competi
tion swimming, and an aquacade,
which took place yesterday. Mary
Stafford was in charge of the
Field Week.
ItoMc :5C an 'I Eucalypto will
play in the softball finals Friday
as the culmination of Field Week.
Fielu Week included exhibition
fencing, tennis matches, competi
tion swimming, and an aquacade,
which took place yesterday. Mary
Stafford was in charge of the
Field Week.
ItoMc :5C an 'I Eucalypto will
play in the softball finals Friday
as the culmination of Field Week.
Fielu Week included exhibition
fencing, tennis matches, competi
tion swimming, and an aquacade,
which took place yesterday. Mary
Stafford was in charge of the
Field Week.
ItoMc :5C an 'I Eucalypto will
play in the softball finals Friday
as the culmination of Field Week.
Fielu Week included exhibition
fencing, tennis matches, competi
tion swimming, and an aquacade,
which took place yesterday. Mary
Stafford was in charge of the
Field Week.
