# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Freshman women wear green hair-ribbons
and lirst-year men sport green
"beanies" in the annual "Green Pa
rade" at Willamette University.
Freshman women wear green hair-ribbons
and lirst-year men sport green
"beanies" in the annual "Green Pa
rade" at Willamette University.
Freshman women wear green hair-ribbons
and lirst-year men sport green
"beanies" in the annual "Green Pa
rade" at Willamette University.
Freshman women wear green hair-ribbons
and lirst-year men sport green
"beanies" in the annual "Green Pa
rade" at Willamette University.
Freshman women wear green hair-ribbons
and lirst-year men sport green
"beanies" in the annual "Green Pa
rade" at Willamette University.
Freshman women wear green hair-ribbons
and lirst-year men sport green
"beanies" in the annual "Green Pa
rade" at Willamette University.
Freshman women wear green hair-ribbons
and lirst-year men sport green
"beanies" in the annual "Green Pa
rade" at Willamette University.
Freshman women wear green hair-ribbons
and lirst-year men sport green
"beanies" in the annual "Green Pa
rade" at Willamette University.
Freshman women wear green hair-ribbons
and lirst-year men sport green
"beanies" in the annual "Green Pa
rade" at Willamette University.
Freshman women wear green hair-ribbons
and lirst-year men sport green
"beanies" in the annual "Green Pa
rade" at Willamette University.
Freshman women wear green hair-ribbons
and lirst-year men sport green
"beanies" in the annual "Green Pa
rade" at Willamette University.
Freshman women wear green hair-ribbons
and lirst-year men sport green
"beanies" in the annual "Green Pa
rade" at Willamette University.
Freshman women wear green hair-ribbons
and lirst-year men sport green
"beanies" in the annual "Green Pa
rade" at Willamette University.
Freshman women wear green hair-ribbons
and lirst-year men sport green
"beanies" in the annual "Green Pa
rade" at Willamette University.
Freshman women wear green hair-ribbons
and lirst-year men sport green
"beanies" in the annual "Green Pa
rade" at Willamette University.
