# Short, Swingy Skirt Will Be Popular
## 
### 
Skirts are fairly short but nobody
seems to want them to go much
shorter! They're often straight, on
suits, but may be gored or pleated
for flare. The back still seems more
important than the front, for its
movement and swish.
Watch your skirt length in rela
tion to your height. There's a point
just above the biggest part of the
calf at which a skirt looks best.
Skirts are fairly short but nobody
seems to want them to go much
shorter! They're often straight, on
suits, but may be gored or pleated
for flare. The back still seems more
important than the front, for its
movement and swish.
Watch your skirt length in rela
tion to your height. There's a point
just above the biggest part of the
calf at which a skirt looks best.
Skirts are fairly short but nobody
seems to want them to go much
shorter! They're often straight, on
suits, but may be gored or pleated
for flare. The back still seems more
important than the front, for its
movement and swish.
Watch your skirt length in rela
tion to your height. There's a point
just above the biggest part of the
calf at which a skirt looks best.
Skirts are fairly short but nobody
seems to want them to go much
shorter! They're often straight, on
suits, but may be gored or pleated
for flare. The back still seems more
important than the front, for its
movement and swish.
Watch your skirt length in rela
tion to your height. There's a point
just above the biggest part of the
calf at which a skirt looks best.
Skirts are fairly short but nobody
seems to want them to go much
shorter! They're often straight, on
suits, but may be gored or pleated
for flare. The back still seems more
important than the front, for its
movement and swish.
Watch your skirt length in rela
tion to your height. There's a point
just above the biggest part of the
calf at which a skirt looks best.
Skirts are fairly short but nobody
seems to want them to go much
shorter! They're often straight, on
suits, but may be gored or pleated
for flare. The back still seems more
important than the front, for its
movement and swish.
Watch your skirt length in rela
tion to your height. There's a point
just above the biggest part of the
calf at which a skirt looks best.
Skirts are fairly short but nobody
seems to want them to go much
shorter! They're often straight, on
suits, but may be gored or pleated
for flare. The back still seems more
important than the front, for its
movement and swish.
Watch your skirt length in rela
tion to your height. There's a point
just above the biggest part of the
calf at which a skirt looks best.
Skirts are fairly short but nobody
seems to want them to go much
shorter! They're often straight, on
suits, but may be gored or pleated
for flare. The back still seems more
important than the front, for its
movement and swish.
Watch your skirt length in rela
tion to your height. There's a point
just above the biggest part of the
calf at which a skirt looks best.
Skirts are fairly short but nobody
seems to want them to go much
shorter! They're often straight, on
suits, but may be gored or pleated
for flare. The back still seems more
important than the front, for its
movement and swish.
Watch your skirt length in rela
tion to your height. There's a point
just above the biggest part of the
calf at which a skirt looks best.
Skirts are fairly short but nobody
seems to want them to go much
shorter! They're often straight, on
suits, but may be gored or pleated
for flare. The back still seems more
important than the front, for its
movement and swish.
Watch your skirt length in rela
tion to your height. There's a point
just above the biggest part of the
calf at which a skirt looks best.
Skirts are fairly short but nobody
seems to want them to go much
shorter! They're often straight, on
suits, but may be gored or pleated
for flare. The back still seems more
important than the front, for its
movement and swish.
Watch your skirt length in rela
tion to your height. There's a point
just above the biggest part of the
calf at which a skirt looks best.
Skirts are fairly short but nobody
seems to want them to go much
shorter! They're often straight, on
suits, but may be gored or pleated
for flare. The back still seems more
important than the front, for its
movement and swish.
Watch your skirt length in rela
tion to your height. There's a point
just above the biggest part of the
calf at which a skirt looks best.
Skirts are fairly short but nobody
seems to want them to go much
shorter! They're often straight, on
suits, but may be gored or pleated
for flare. The back still seems more
important than the front, for its
movement and swish.
Watch your skirt length in rela
tion to your height. There's a point
just above the biggest part of the
calf at which a skirt looks best.
Skirts are fairly short but nobody
seems to want them to go much
shorter! They're often straight, on
suits, but may be gored or pleated
for flare. The back still seems more
important than the front, for its
movement and swish.
Watch your skirt length in rela
tion to your height. There's a point
just above the biggest part of the
calf at which a skirt looks best.
Skirts are fairly short but nobody
seems to want them to go much
shorter! They're often straight, on
suits, but may be gored or pleated
for flare. The back still seems more
important than the front, for its
movement and swish.
Watch your skirt length in rela
tion to your height. There's a point
just above the biggest part of the
calf at which a skirt looks best.
