# STAR DONS TROUSERS
## 
### 
Gay harlequin trousers of canary
yellow taffeta are worn by Elissa
Landi when she plays the role of
hostess. A long coat of changeable
orchid taffeta goes over them and
open-toed sandals of gold add the
finishing touch.
Gay harlequin trousers of canary
yellow taffeta are worn by Elissa
Landi when she plays the role of
hostess. A long coat of changeable
orchid taffeta goes over them and
open-toed sandals of gold add the
finishing touch.
Gay harlequin trousers of canary
yellow taffeta are worn by Elissa
Landi when she plays the role of
hostess. A long coat of changeable
orchid taffeta goes over them and
open-toed sandals of gold add the
finishing touch.
Gay harlequin trousers of canary
yellow taffeta are worn by Elissa
Landi when she plays the role of
hostess. A long coat of changeable
orchid taffeta goes over them and
open-toed sandals of gold add the
finishing touch.
Gay harlequin trousers of canary
yellow taffeta are worn by Elissa
Landi when she plays the role of
hostess. A long coat of changeable
orchid taffeta goes over them and
open-toed sandals of gold add the
finishing touch.
Gay harlequin trousers of canary
yellow taffeta are worn by Elissa
Landi when she plays the role of
hostess. A long coat of changeable
orchid taffeta goes over them and
open-toed sandals of gold add the
finishing touch.
Gay harlequin trousers of canary
yellow taffeta are worn by Elissa
Landi when she plays the role of
hostess. A long coat of changeable
orchid taffeta goes over them and
open-toed sandals of gold add the
finishing touch.
Gay harlequin trousers of canary
yellow taffeta are worn by Elissa
Landi when she plays the role of
hostess. A long coat of changeable
orchid taffeta goes over them and
open-toed sandals of gold add the
finishing touch.
Gay harlequin trousers of canary
yellow taffeta are worn by Elissa
Landi when she plays the role of
hostess. A long coat of changeable
orchid taffeta goes over them and
open-toed sandals of gold add the
finishing touch.
Gay harlequin trousers of canary
yellow taffeta are worn by Elissa
Landi when she plays the role of
hostess. A long coat of changeable
orchid taffeta goes over them and
open-toed sandals of gold add the
finishing touch.
Gay harlequin trousers of canary
yellow taffeta are worn by Elissa
Landi when she plays the role of
hostess. A long coat of changeable
orchid taffeta goes over them and
open-toed sandals of gold add the
finishing touch.
Gay harlequin trousers of canary
yellow taffeta are worn by Elissa
Landi when she plays the role of
hostess. A long coat of changeable
orchid taffeta goes over them and
open-toed sandals of gold add the
finishing touch.
Gay harlequin trousers of canary
yellow taffeta are worn by Elissa
Landi when she plays the role of
hostess. A long coat of changeable
orchid taffeta goes over them and
open-toed sandals of gold add the
finishing touch.
Gay harlequin trousers of canary
yellow taffeta are worn by Elissa
Landi when she plays the role of
hostess. A long coat of changeable
orchid taffeta goes over them and
open-toed sandals of gold add the
finishing touch.
Gay harlequin trousers of canary
yellow taffeta are worn by Elissa
Landi when she plays the role of
hostess. A long coat of changeable
orchid taffeta goes over them and
open-toed sandals of gold add the
finishing touch.
