# STAR KILLED AS SPY
## 
### 
GIBRALTAR, Feb. 25 (U.R).—The
Spanish cinema star, Rosita Diaz,
has been executed as a spy by Rebel
troops, unconfirmed reports said
today.
GIBRALTAR, Feb. 25 (U.R).—The
Spanish cinema star, Rosita Diaz,
has been executed as a spy by Rebel
troops, unconfirmed reports said
today.
GIBRALTAR, Feb. 25 (U.R).—The
Spanish cinema star, Rosita Diaz,
has been executed as a spy by Rebel
troops, unconfirmed reports said
today.
GIBRALTAR, Feb. 25 (U.R).—The
Spanish cinema star, Rosita Diaz,
has been executed as a spy by Rebel
troops, unconfirmed reports said
today.
GIBRALTAR, Feb. 25 (U.R).—The
Spanish cinema star, Rosita Diaz,
has been executed as a spy by Rebel
troops, unconfirmed reports said
today.
GIBRALTAR, Feb. 25 (U.R).—The
Spanish cinema star, Rosita Diaz,
has been executed as a spy by Rebel
troops, unconfirmed reports said
today.
GIBRALTAR, Feb. 25 (U.R).—The
Spanish cinema star, Rosita Diaz,
has been executed as a spy by Rebel
troops, unconfirmed reports said
today.
GIBRALTAR, Feb. 25 (U.R).—The
Spanish cinema star, Rosita Diaz,
has been executed as a spy by Rebel
troops, unconfirmed reports said
today.
GIBRALTAR, Feb. 25 (U.R).—The
Spanish cinema star, Rosita Diaz,
has been executed as a spy by Rebel
troops, unconfirmed reports said
today.
GIBRALTAR, Feb. 25 (U.R).—The
Spanish cinema star, Rosita Diaz,
has been executed as a spy by Rebel
troops, unconfirmed reports said
today.
GIBRALTAR, Feb. 25 (U.R).—The
Spanish cinema star, Rosita Diaz,
has been executed as a spy by Rebel
troops, unconfirmed reports said
today.
GIBRALTAR, Feb. 25 (U.R).—The
Spanish cinema star, Rosita Diaz,
has been executed as a spy by Rebel
troops, unconfirmed reports said
today.
GIBRALTAR, Feb. 25 (U.R).—The
Spanish cinema star, Rosita Diaz,
has been executed as a spy by Rebel
troops, unconfirmed reports said
today.
GIBRALTAR, Feb. 25 (U.R).—The
Spanish cinema star, Rosita Diaz,
has been executed as a spy by Rebel
troops, unconfirmed reports said
today.
GIBRALTAR, Feb. 25 (U.R).—The
Spanish cinema star, Rosita Diaz,
has been executed as a spy by Rebel
troops, unconfirmed reports said
today.
