# Stylists Forecast Hour Glass Curves
## 
### 
The curved, feminine figure rem
iniscent of the Gay Nineties is des
tined for renewed popularity, ac
cording to Paris stylists, who have
fattened up their manikins and arc
bringing back modified hourglass
figures.
The revival of Greek draping and
the rounded silhouette of the First
Empire, not to mention the ever
present influence of Mae West, her
ald the end of the 18-day diet, and
the return of the buxom woman.
The curved, feminine figure rem
iniscent of the Gay Nineties is des
tined for renewed popularity, ac
cording to Paris stylists, who have
fattened up their manikins and arc
bringing back modified hourglass
figures.
The revival of Greek draping and
the rounded silhouette of the First
Empire, not to mention the ever
present influence of Mae West, her
ald the end of the 18-day diet, and
the return of the buxom woman.
The curved, feminine figure rem
iniscent of the Gay Nineties is des
tined for renewed popularity, ac
cording to Paris stylists, who have
fattened up their manikins and arc
bringing back modified hourglass
figures.
The revival of Greek draping and
the rounded silhouette of the First
Empire, not to mention the ever
present influence of Mae West, her
ald the end of the 18-day diet, and
the return of the buxom woman.
The curved, feminine figure rem
iniscent of the Gay Nineties is des
tined for renewed popularity, ac
cording to Paris stylists, who have
fattened up their manikins and arc
bringing back modified hourglass
figures.
The revival of Greek draping and
the rounded silhouette of the First
Empire, not to mention the ever
present influence of Mae West, her
ald the end of the 18-day diet, and
the return of the buxom woman.
The curved, feminine figure rem
iniscent of the Gay Nineties is des
tined for renewed popularity, ac
cording to Paris stylists, who have
fattened up their manikins and arc
bringing back modified hourglass
figures.
The revival of Greek draping and
the rounded silhouette of the First
Empire, not to mention the ever
present influence of Mae West, her
ald the end of the 18-day diet, and
the return of the buxom woman.
The curved, feminine figure rem
iniscent of the Gay Nineties is des
tined for renewed popularity, ac
cording to Paris stylists, who have
fattened up their manikins and arc
bringing back modified hourglass
figures.
The revival of Greek draping and
the rounded silhouette of the First
Empire, not to mention the ever
present influence of Mae West, her
ald the end of the 18-day diet, and
the return of the buxom woman.
The curved, feminine figure rem
iniscent of the Gay Nineties is des
tined for renewed popularity, ac
cording to Paris stylists, who have
fattened up their manikins and arc
bringing back modified hourglass
figures.
The revival of Greek draping and
the rounded silhouette of the First
Empire, not to mention the ever
present influence of Mae West, her
ald the end of the 18-day diet, and
the return of the buxom woman.
The curved, feminine figure rem
iniscent of the Gay Nineties is des
tined for renewed popularity, ac
cording to Paris stylists, who have
fattened up their manikins and arc
bringing back modified hourglass
figures.
The revival of Greek draping and
the rounded silhouette of the First
Empire, not to mention the ever
present influence of Mae West, her
ald the end of the 18-day diet, and
the return of the buxom woman.
The curved, feminine figure rem
iniscent of the Gay Nineties is des
tined for renewed popularity, ac
cording to Paris stylists, who have
fattened up their manikins and arc
bringing back modified hourglass
figures.
The revival of Greek draping and
the rounded silhouette of the First
Empire, not to mention the ever
present influence of Mae West, her
ald the end of the 18-day diet, and
the return of the buxom woman.
The curved, feminine figure rem
iniscent of the Gay Nineties is des
tined for renewed popularity, ac
cording to Paris stylists, who have
fattened up their manikins and arc
bringing back modified hourglass
figures.
The revival of Greek draping and
the rounded silhouette of the First
Empire, not to mention the ever
present influence of Mae West, her
ald the end of the 18-day diet, and
the return of the buxom woman.
The curved, feminine figure rem
iniscent of the Gay Nineties is des
tined for renewed popularity, ac
cording to Paris stylists, who have
fattened up their manikins and arc
bringing back modified hourglass
figures.
The revival of Greek draping and
the rounded silhouette of the First
Empire, not to mention the ever
present influence of Mae West, her
ald the end of the 18-day diet, and
the return of the buxom woman.
The curved, feminine figure rem
iniscent of the Gay Nineties is des
tined for renewed popularity, ac
cording to Paris stylists, who have
fattened up their manikins and arc
bringing back modified hourglass
figures.
The revival of Greek draping and
the rounded silhouette of the First
Empire, not to mention the ever
present influence of Mae West, her
ald the end of the 18-day diet, and
the return of the buxom woman.
The curved, feminine figure rem
iniscent of the Gay Nineties is des
tined for renewed popularity, ac
cording to Paris stylists, who have
fattened up their manikins and arc
bringing back modified hourglass
figures.
The revival of Greek draping and
the rounded silhouette of the First
Empire, not to mention the ever
present influence of Mae West, her
ald the end of the 18-day diet, and
the return of the buxom woman.
The curved, feminine figure rem
iniscent of the Gay Nineties is des
tined for renewed popularity, ac
cording to Paris stylists, who have
fattened up their manikins and arc
bringing back modified hourglass
figures.
The revival of Greek draping and
the rounded silhouette of the First
Empire, not to mention the ever
present influence of Mae West, her
ald the end of the 18-day diet, and
the return of the buxom woman.
The curved, feminine figure rem
iniscent of the Gay Nineties is des
tined for renewed popularity, ac
cording to Paris stylists, who have
fattened up their manikins and arc
bringing back modified hourglass
figures.
The revival of Greek draping and
the rounded silhouette of the First
Empire, not to mention the ever
present influence of Mae West, her
ald the end of the 18-day diet, and
the return of the buxom woman.
