# Events, Continents Inspire Fashions
## 
### 
Events, countries, seasons are all
reflected in milady's clothes. During
depressions styles go drab and se
vere. During coronation times they
become regal and elaborate. In the
spring they vie with nature in color
and freshness.
This spring South America has in
fluenced designers. Bright little bo
leros, wide-striped sashes, sombre
ros are inspirations from the warm
countries where life is gay and lazy.
Events, countries, seasons are all
reflected in milady's clothes. During
depressions styles go drab and se
vere. During coronation times they
become regal and elaborate. In the
spring they vie with nature in color
and freshness.
This spring South America has in
fluenced designers. Bright little bo
leros, wide-striped sashes, sombre
ros are inspirations from the warm
countries where life is gay and lazy.
Events, countries, seasons are all
reflected in milady's clothes. During
depressions styles go drab and se
vere. During coronation times they
become regal and elaborate. In the
spring they vie with nature in color
and freshness.
This spring South America has in
fluenced designers. Bright little bo
leros, wide-striped sashes, sombre
ros are inspirations from the warm
countries where life is gay and lazy.
Events, countries, seasons are all
reflected in milady's clothes. During
depressions styles go drab and se
vere. During coronation times they
become regal and elaborate. In the
spring they vie with nature in color
and freshness.
This spring South America has in
fluenced designers. Bright little bo
leros, wide-striped sashes, sombre
ros are inspirations from the warm
countries where life is gay and lazy.
Events, countries, seasons are all
reflected in milady's clothes. During
depressions styles go drab and se
vere. During coronation times they
become regal and elaborate. In the
spring they vie with nature in color
and freshness.
This spring South America has in
fluenced designers. Bright little bo
leros, wide-striped sashes, sombre
ros are inspirations from the warm
countries where life is gay and lazy.
Events, countries, seasons are all
reflected in milady's clothes. During
depressions styles go drab and se
vere. During coronation times they
become regal and elaborate. In the
spring they vie with nature in color
and freshness.
This spring South America has in
fluenced designers. Bright little bo
leros, wide-striped sashes, sombre
ros are inspirations from the warm
countries where life is gay and lazy.
Events, countries, seasons are all
reflected in milady's clothes. During
depressions styles go drab and se
vere. During coronation times they
become regal and elaborate. In the
spring they vie with nature in color
and freshness.
This spring South America has in
fluenced designers. Bright little bo
leros, wide-striped sashes, sombre
ros are inspirations from the warm
countries where life is gay and lazy.
Events, countries, seasons are all
reflected in milady's clothes. During
depressions styles go drab and se
vere. During coronation times they
become regal and elaborate. In the
spring they vie with nature in color
and freshness.
This spring South America has in
fluenced designers. Bright little bo
leros, wide-striped sashes, sombre
ros are inspirations from the warm
countries where life is gay and lazy.
Events, countries, seasons are all
reflected in milady's clothes. During
depressions styles go drab and se
vere. During coronation times they
become regal and elaborate. In the
spring they vie with nature in color
and freshness.
This spring South America has in
fluenced designers. Bright little bo
leros, wide-striped sashes, sombre
ros are inspirations from the warm
countries where life is gay and lazy.
Events, countries, seasons are all
reflected in milady's clothes. During
depressions styles go drab and se
vere. During coronation times they
become regal and elaborate. In the
spring they vie with nature in color
and freshness.
This spring South America has in
fluenced designers. Bright little bo
leros, wide-striped sashes, sombre
ros are inspirations from the warm
countries where life is gay and lazy.
Events, countries, seasons are all
reflected in milady's clothes. During
depressions styles go drab and se
vere. During coronation times they
become regal and elaborate. In the
spring they vie with nature in color
and freshness.
This spring South America has in
fluenced designers. Bright little bo
leros, wide-striped sashes, sombre
ros are inspirations from the warm
countries where life is gay and lazy.
Events, countries, seasons are all
reflected in milady's clothes. During
depressions styles go drab and se
vere. During coronation times they
become regal and elaborate. In the
spring they vie with nature in color
and freshness.
This spring South America has in
fluenced designers. Bright little bo
leros, wide-striped sashes, sombre
ros are inspirations from the warm
countries where life is gay and lazy.
Events, countries, seasons are all
reflected in milady's clothes. During
depressions styles go drab and se
vere. During coronation times they
become regal and elaborate. In the
spring they vie with nature in color
and freshness.
This spring South America has in
fluenced designers. Bright little bo
leros, wide-striped sashes, sombre
ros are inspirations from the warm
countries where life is gay and lazy.
Events, countries, seasons are all
reflected in milady's clothes. During
depressions styles go drab and se
vere. During coronation times they
become regal and elaborate. In the
spring they vie with nature in color
and freshness.
This spring South America has in
fluenced designers. Bright little bo
leros, wide-striped sashes, sombre
ros are inspirations from the warm
countries where life is gay and lazy.
Events, countries, seasons are all
reflected in milady's clothes. During
depressions styles go drab and se
vere. During coronation times they
become regal and elaborate. In the
spring they vie with nature in color
and freshness.
This spring South America has in
fluenced designers. Bright little bo
leros, wide-striped sashes, sombre
ros are inspirations from the warm
countries where life is gay and lazy.
