# New Lingerie Features Swing
## Ruffles, Lace on Satins Give New Femininity 
### 
With the rhythm and movement of
dress design this year, it was in
evitable that this swish and "swing"
should be adapted to lingerie. And
with the modes of 1911 competing
with those of 1850 in present fash
ions, no one is surprised to hear the
rustle of taffeta petticoats again.
Ruffles and lace give the new fem
inine touch to lingerie of gleaming
satin or smooth crepe. Bias cuts and
special gorings help mould the figure
in the desired long diaphragm, high
bust lines. And to give the right
"swing," these slip skirts are cut
wide and flaring.
For those who adhere to the simple
straight lines of the more tailoi'ed
mode, there are the clinging knitted
slips, with straight-hanging skirts.
These are ideal under tailored suits,
or sport togs.
There are tqffeta petticoats for

afternoon and evening wear cut to
flare just enough to aid in the grace
ful swing of dress skirts. These are
ruffled at the bottom and come in
many bright colors. They give a
dashing bit of contrast under the
dark dress or suit, often chosen to
match the colored gloves or blouse
worn.
Smooth fitting chemise tops and
pantie sets are also designed to give
sleek lines to the figure. And the
more erect carriage of women now
adays is helped by the correct, com
fortable lines in undergarments.

With the rhythm and movement of
dress design this year, it was in
evitable that this swish and "swing"
should be adapted to lingerie. And
with the modes of 1911 competing
with those of 1850 in present fash
ions, no one is surprised to hear the
rustle of taffeta petticoats again.
Ruffles and lace give the new fem
inine touch to lingerie of gleaming
satin or smooth crepe. Bias cuts and
special gorings help mould the figure
in the desired long diaphragm, high
bust lines. And to give the right
"swing," these slip skirts are cut
wide and flaring.
For those who adhere to the simple
straight lines of the more tailoi'ed
mode, there are the clinging knitted
slips, with straight-hanging skirts.
These are ideal under tailored suits,
or sport togs.
There are tqffeta petticoats for

afternoon and evening wear cut to
flare just enough to aid in the grace
ful swing of dress skirts. These are
ruffled at the bottom and come in
many bright colors. They give a
dashing bit of contrast under the
dark dress or suit, often chosen to
match the colored gloves or blouse
worn.
Smooth fitting chemise tops and
pantie sets are also designed to give
sleek lines to the figure. And the
more erect carriage of women now
adays is helped by the correct, com
fortable lines in undergarments.

With the rhythm and movement of
dress design this year, it was in
evitable that this swish and "swing"
should be adapted to lingerie. And
with the modes of 1911 competing
with those of 1850 in present fash
ions, no one is surprised to hear the
rustle of taffeta petticoats again.
Ruffles and lace give the new fem
inine touch to lingerie of gleaming
satin or smooth crepe. Bias cuts and
special gorings help mould the figure
in the desired long diaphragm, high
bust lines. And to give the right
"swing," these slip skirts are cut
wide and flaring.
For those who adhere to the simple
straight lines of the more tailoi'ed
mode, there are the clinging knitted
slips, with straight-hanging skirts.
These are ideal under tailored suits,
or sport togs.
There are tqffeta petticoats for

afternoon and evening wear cut to
flare just enough to aid in the grace
ful swing of dress skirts. These are
ruffled at the bottom and come in
many bright colors. They give a
dashing bit of contrast under the
dark dress or suit, often chosen to
match the colored gloves or blouse
worn.
Smooth fitting chemise tops and
pantie sets are also designed to give
sleek lines to the figure. And the
more erect carriage of women now
adays is helped by the correct, com
fortable lines in undergarments.

With the rhythm and movement of
dress design this year, it was in
evitable that this swish and "swing"
should be adapted to lingerie. And
with the modes of 1911 competing
with those of 1850 in present fash
ions, no one is surprised to hear the
rustle of taffeta petticoats again.
Ruffles and lace give the new fem
inine touch to lingerie of gleaming
satin or smooth crepe. Bias cuts and
special gorings help mould the figure
in the desired long diaphragm, high
bust lines. And to give the right
"swing," these slip skirts are cut
wide and flaring.
For those who adhere to the simple
straight lines of the more tailoi'ed
mode, there are the clinging knitted
slips, with straight-hanging skirts.
These are ideal under tailored suits,
or sport togs.
There are tqffeta petticoats for

afternoon and evening wear cut to
flare just enough to aid in the grace
ful swing of dress skirts. These are
ruffled at the bottom and come in
many bright colors. They give a
dashing bit of contrast under the
dark dress or suit, often chosen to
match the colored gloves or blouse
worn.
Smooth fitting chemise tops and
pantie sets are also designed to give
sleek lines to the figure. And the
more erect carriage of women now
adays is helped by the correct, com
fortable lines in undergarments.

With the rhythm and movement of
dress design this year, it was in
evitable that this swish and "swing"
should be adapted to lingerie. And
with the modes of 1911 competing
with those of 1850 in present fash
ions, no one is surprised to hear the
rustle of taffeta petticoats again.
Ruffles and lace give the new fem
inine touch to lingerie of gleaming
satin or smooth crepe. Bias cuts and
special gorings help mould the figure
in the desired long diaphragm, high
bust lines. And to give the right
"swing," these slip skirts are cut
wide and flaring.
For those who adhere to the simple
straight lines of the more tailoi'ed
mode, there are the clinging knitted
slips, with straight-hanging skirts.
These are ideal under tailored suits,
or sport togs.
There are tqffeta petticoats for

afternoon and evening wear cut to
flare just enough to aid in the grace
ful swing of dress skirts. These are
ruffled at the bottom and come in
many bright colors. They give a
dashing bit of contrast under the
dark dress or suit, often chosen to
match the colored gloves or blouse
worn.
Smooth fitting chemise tops and
pantie sets are also designed to give
sleek lines to the figure. And the
more erect carriage of women now
adays is helped by the correct, com
fortable lines in undergarments.

With the rhythm and movement of
dress design this year, it was in
evitable that this swish and "swing"
should be adapted to lingerie. And
with the modes of 1911 competing
with those of 1850 in present fash
ions, no one is surprised to hear the
rustle of taffeta petticoats again.
Ruffles and lace give the new fem
inine touch to lingerie of gleaming
satin or smooth crepe. Bias cuts and
special gorings help mould the figure
in the desired long diaphragm, high
bust lines. And to give the right
"swing," these slip skirts are cut
wide and flaring.
For those who adhere to the simple
straight lines of the more tailoi'ed
mode, there are the clinging knitted
slips, with straight-hanging skirts.
These are ideal under tailored suits,
or sport togs.
There are tqffeta petticoats for

afternoon and evening wear cut to
flare just enough to aid in the grace
ful swing of dress skirts. These are
ruffled at the bottom and come in
many bright colors. They give a
dashing bit of contrast under the
dark dress or suit, often chosen to
match the colored gloves or blouse
worn.
Smooth fitting chemise tops and
pantie sets are also designed to give
sleek lines to the figure. And the
more erect carriage of women now
adays is helped by the correct, com
fortable lines in undergarments.

With the rhythm and movement of
dress design this year, it was in
evitable that this swish and "swing"
should be adapted to lingerie. And
with the modes of 1911 competing
with those of 1850 in present fash
ions, no one is surprised to hear the
rustle of taffeta petticoats again.
Ruffles and lace give the new fem
inine touch to lingerie of gleaming
satin or smooth crepe. Bias cuts and
special gorings help mould the figure
in the desired long diaphragm, high
bust lines. And to give the right
"swing," these slip skirts are cut
wide and flaring.
For those who adhere to the simple
straight lines of the more tailoi'ed
mode, there are the clinging knitted
slips, with straight-hanging skirts.
These are ideal under tailored suits,
or sport togs.
There are tqffeta petticoats for

afternoon and evening wear cut to
flare just enough to aid in the grace
ful swing of dress skirts. These are
ruffled at the bottom and come in
many bright colors. They give a
dashing bit of contrast under the
dark dress or suit, often chosen to
match the colored gloves or blouse
worn.
Smooth fitting chemise tops and
pantie sets are also designed to give
sleek lines to the figure. And the
more erect carriage of women now
adays is helped by the correct, com
fortable lines in undergarments.

With the rhythm and movement of
dress design this year, it was in
evitable that this swish and "swing"
should be adapted to lingerie. And
with the modes of 1911 competing
with those of 1850 in present fash
ions, no one is surprised to hear the
rustle of taffeta petticoats again.
Ruffles and lace give the new fem
inine touch to lingerie of gleaming
satin or smooth crepe. Bias cuts and
special gorings help mould the figure
in the desired long diaphragm, high
bust lines. And to give the right
"swing," these slip skirts are cut
wide and flaring.
For those who adhere to the simple
straight lines of the more tailoi'ed
mode, there are the clinging knitted
slips, with straight-hanging skirts.
These are ideal under tailored suits,
or sport togs.
There are tqffeta petticoats for

afternoon and evening wear cut to
flare just enough to aid in the grace
ful swing of dress skirts. These are
ruffled at the bottom and come in
many bright colors. They give a
dashing bit of contrast under the
dark dress or suit, often chosen to
match the colored gloves or blouse
worn.
Smooth fitting chemise tops and
pantie sets are also designed to give
sleek lines to the figure. And the
more erect carriage of women now
adays is helped by the correct, com
fortable lines in undergarments.

With the rhythm and movement of
dress design this year, it was in
evitable that this swish and "swing"
should be adapted to lingerie. And
with the modes of 1911 competing
with those of 1850 in present fash
ions, no one is surprised to hear the
rustle of taffeta petticoats again.
Ruffles and lace give the new fem
inine touch to lingerie of gleaming
satin or smooth crepe. Bias cuts and
special gorings help mould the figure
in the desired long diaphragm, high
bust lines. And to give the right
"swing," these slip skirts are cut
wide and flaring.
For those who adhere to the simple
straight lines of the more tailoi'ed
mode, there are the clinging knitted
slips, with straight-hanging skirts.
These are ideal under tailored suits,
or sport togs.
There are tqffeta petticoats for

afternoon and evening wear cut to
flare just enough to aid in the grace
ful swing of dress skirts. These are
ruffled at the bottom and come in
many bright colors. They give a
dashing bit of contrast under the
dark dress or suit, often chosen to
match the colored gloves or blouse
worn.
Smooth fitting chemise tops and
pantie sets are also designed to give
sleek lines to the figure. And the
more erect carriage of women now
adays is helped by the correct, com
fortable lines in undergarments.

With the rhythm and movement of
dress design this year, it was in
evitable that this swish and "swing"
should be adapted to lingerie. And
with the modes of 1911 competing
with those of 1850 in present fash
ions, no one is surprised to hear the
rustle of taffeta petticoats again.
Ruffles and lace give the new fem
inine touch to lingerie of gleaming
satin or smooth crepe. Bias cuts and
special gorings help mould the figure
in the desired long diaphragm, high
bust lines. And to give the right
"swing," these slip skirts are cut
wide and flaring.
For those who adhere to the simple
straight lines of the more tailoi'ed
mode, there are the clinging knitted
slips, with straight-hanging skirts.
These are ideal under tailored suits,
or sport togs.
There are tqffeta petticoats for

afternoon and evening wear cut to
flare just enough to aid in the grace
ful swing of dress skirts. These are
ruffled at the bottom and come in
many bright colors. They give a
dashing bit of contrast under the
dark dress or suit, often chosen to
match the colored gloves or blouse
worn.
Smooth fitting chemise tops and
pantie sets are also designed to give
sleek lines to the figure. And the
more erect carriage of women now
adays is helped by the correct, com
fortable lines in undergarments.

With the rhythm and movement of
dress design this year, it was in
evitable that this swish and "swing"
should be adapted to lingerie. And
with the modes of 1911 competing
with those of 1850 in present fash
ions, no one is surprised to hear the
rustle of taffeta petticoats again.
Ruffles and lace give the new fem
inine touch to lingerie of gleaming
satin or smooth crepe. Bias cuts and
special gorings help mould the figure
in the desired long diaphragm, high
bust lines. And to give the right
"swing," these slip skirts are cut
wide and flaring.
For those who adhere to the simple
straight lines of the more tailoi'ed
mode, there are the clinging knitted
slips, with straight-hanging skirts.
These are ideal under tailored suits,
or sport togs.
There are tqffeta petticoats for

afternoon and evening wear cut to
flare just enough to aid in the grace
ful swing of dress skirts. These are
ruffled at the bottom and come in
many bright colors. They give a
dashing bit of contrast under the
dark dress or suit, often chosen to
match the colored gloves or blouse
worn.
Smooth fitting chemise tops and
pantie sets are also designed to give
sleek lines to the figure. And the
more erect carriage of women now
adays is helped by the correct, com
fortable lines in undergarments.

With the rhythm and movement of
dress design this year, it was in
evitable that this swish and "swing"
should be adapted to lingerie. And
with the modes of 1911 competing
with those of 1850 in present fash
ions, no one is surprised to hear the
rustle of taffeta petticoats again.
Ruffles and lace give the new fem
inine touch to lingerie of gleaming
satin or smooth crepe. Bias cuts and
special gorings help mould the figure
in the desired long diaphragm, high
bust lines. And to give the right
"swing," these slip skirts are cut
wide and flaring.
For those who adhere to the simple
straight lines of the more tailoi'ed
mode, there are the clinging knitted
slips, with straight-hanging skirts.
These are ideal under tailored suits,
or sport togs.
There are tqffeta petticoats for

afternoon and evening wear cut to
flare just enough to aid in the grace
ful swing of dress skirts. These are
ruffled at the bottom and come in
many bright colors. They give a
dashing bit of contrast under the
dark dress or suit, often chosen to
match the colored gloves or blouse
worn.
Smooth fitting chemise tops and
pantie sets are also designed to give
sleek lines to the figure. And the
more erect carriage of women now
adays is helped by the correct, com
fortable lines in undergarments.

With the rhythm and movement of
dress design this year, it was in
evitable that this swish and "swing"
should be adapted to lingerie. And
with the modes of 1911 competing
with those of 1850 in present fash
ions, no one is surprised to hear the
rustle of taffeta petticoats again.
Ruffles and lace give the new fem
inine touch to lingerie of gleaming
satin or smooth crepe. Bias cuts and
special gorings help mould the figure
in the desired long diaphragm, high
bust lines. And to give the right
"swing," these slip skirts are cut
wide and flaring.
For those who adhere to the simple
straight lines of the more tailoi'ed
mode, there are the clinging knitted
slips, with straight-hanging skirts.
These are ideal under tailored suits,
or sport togs.
There are tqffeta petticoats for

afternoon and evening wear cut to
flare just enough to aid in the grace
ful swing of dress skirts. These are
ruffled at the bottom and come in
many bright colors. They give a
dashing bit of contrast under the
dark dress or suit, often chosen to
match the colored gloves or blouse
worn.
Smooth fitting chemise tops and
pantie sets are also designed to give
sleek lines to the figure. And the
more erect carriage of women now
adays is helped by the correct, com
fortable lines in undergarments.

With the rhythm and movement of
dress design this year, it was in
evitable that this swish and "swing"
should be adapted to lingerie. And
with the modes of 1911 competing
with those of 1850 in present fash
ions, no one is surprised to hear the
rustle of taffeta petticoats again.
Ruffles and lace give the new fem
inine touch to lingerie of gleaming
satin or smooth crepe. Bias cuts and
special gorings help mould the figure
in the desired long diaphragm, high
bust lines. And to give the right
"swing," these slip skirts are cut
wide and flaring.
For those who adhere to the simple
straight lines of the more tailoi'ed
mode, there are the clinging knitted
slips, with straight-hanging skirts.
These are ideal under tailored suits,
or sport togs.
There are tqffeta petticoats for

afternoon and evening wear cut to
flare just enough to aid in the grace
ful swing of dress skirts. These are
ruffled at the bottom and come in
many bright colors. They give a
dashing bit of contrast under the
dark dress or suit, often chosen to
match the colored gloves or blouse
worn.
Smooth fitting chemise tops and
pantie sets are also designed to give
sleek lines to the figure. And the
more erect carriage of women now
adays is helped by the correct, com
fortable lines in undergarments.

With the rhythm and movement of
dress design this year, it was in
evitable that this swish and "swing"
should be adapted to lingerie. And
with the modes of 1911 competing
with those of 1850 in present fash
ions, no one is surprised to hear the
rustle of taffeta petticoats again.
Ruffles and lace give the new fem
inine touch to lingerie of gleaming
satin or smooth crepe. Bias cuts and
special gorings help mould the figure
in the desired long diaphragm, high
bust lines. And to give the right
"swing," these slip skirts are cut
wide and flaring.
For those who adhere to the simple
straight lines of the more tailoi'ed
mode, there are the clinging knitted
slips, with straight-hanging skirts.
These are ideal under tailored suits,
or sport togs.
There are tqffeta petticoats for

afternoon and evening wear cut to
flare just enough to aid in the grace
ful swing of dress skirts. These are
ruffled at the bottom and come in
many bright colors. They give a
dashing bit of contrast under the
dark dress or suit, often chosen to
match the colored gloves or blouse
worn.
Smooth fitting chemise tops and
pantie sets are also designed to give
sleek lines to the figure. And the
more erect carriage of women now
adays is helped by the correct, com
fortable lines in undergarments.

