# Adv. 19 Page 4
## 
### 
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
