# Tickets on Sale
## 
### 
The Stanford Department of
Athletics announces that the sale
of season tickets for the varsity
basketball team's nine home
games, including six league
games, will terminate on Jan. 6.
The tickets are on sate at the
Ticket Office of the Department
of Athletics from 8:30 a.m.-12
noon, and 1:00-4:30 p.m.
The varsity basketball home
season begins its 19G0 games on
Saturday, Jan. 9. against the Uni
versity of California at 8 p.m.
The Stanford Department of
Athletics announces that the sale
of season tickets for the varsity
basketball team's nine home
games, including six league
games, will terminate on Jan. 6.
The tickets are on sate at the
Ticket Office of the Department
of Athletics from 8:30 a.m.-12
noon, and 1:00-4:30 p.m.
The varsity basketball home
season begins its 19G0 games on
Saturday, Jan. 9. against the Uni
versity of California at 8 p.m.
The Stanford Department of
Athletics announces that the sale
of season tickets for the varsity
basketball team's nine home
games, including six league
games, will terminate on Jan. 6.
The tickets are on sate at the
Ticket Office of the Department
of Athletics from 8:30 a.m.-12
noon, and 1:00-4:30 p.m.
The varsity basketball home
season begins its 19G0 games on
Saturday, Jan. 9. against the Uni
versity of California at 8 p.m.
The Stanford Department of
Athletics announces that the sale
of season tickets for the varsity
basketball team's nine home
games, including six league
games, will terminate on Jan. 6.
The tickets are on sate at the
Ticket Office of the Department
of Athletics from 8:30 a.m.-12
noon, and 1:00-4:30 p.m.
The varsity basketball home
season begins its 19G0 games on
Saturday, Jan. 9. against the Uni
versity of California at 8 p.m.
The Stanford Department of
Athletics announces that the sale
of season tickets for the varsity
basketball team's nine home
games, including six league
games, will terminate on Jan. 6.
The tickets are on sate at the
Ticket Office of the Department
of Athletics from 8:30 a.m.-12
noon, and 1:00-4:30 p.m.
The varsity basketball home
season begins its 19G0 games on
Saturday, Jan. 9. against the Uni
versity of California at 8 p.m.
The Stanford Department of
Athletics announces that the sale
of season tickets for the varsity
basketball team's nine home
games, including six league
games, will terminate on Jan. 6.
The tickets are on sate at the
Ticket Office of the Department
of Athletics from 8:30 a.m.-12
noon, and 1:00-4:30 p.m.
The varsity basketball home
season begins its 19G0 games on
Saturday, Jan. 9. against the Uni
versity of California at 8 p.m.
The Stanford Department of
Athletics announces that the sale
of season tickets for the varsity
basketball team's nine home
games, including six league
games, will terminate on Jan. 6.
The tickets are on sate at the
Ticket Office of the Department
of Athletics from 8:30 a.m.-12
noon, and 1:00-4:30 p.m.
The varsity basketball home
season begins its 19G0 games on
Saturday, Jan. 9. against the Uni
versity of California at 8 p.m.
The Stanford Department of
Athletics announces that the sale
of season tickets for the varsity
basketball team's nine home
games, including six league
games, will terminate on Jan. 6.
The tickets are on sate at the
Ticket Office of the Department
of Athletics from 8:30 a.m.-12
noon, and 1:00-4:30 p.m.
The varsity basketball home
season begins its 19G0 games on
Saturday, Jan. 9. against the Uni
versity of California at 8 p.m.
The Stanford Department of
Athletics announces that the sale
of season tickets for the varsity
basketball team's nine home
games, including six league
games, will terminate on Jan. 6.
The tickets are on sate at the
Ticket Office of the Department
of Athletics from 8:30 a.m.-12
noon, and 1:00-4:30 p.m.
The varsity basketball home
season begins its 19G0 games on
Saturday, Jan. 9. against the Uni
versity of California at 8 p.m.
The Stanford Department of
Athletics announces that the sale
of season tickets for the varsity
basketball team's nine home
games, including six league
games, will terminate on Jan. 6.
The tickets are on sate at the
Ticket Office of the Department
of Athletics from 8:30 a.m.-12
noon, and 1:00-4:30 p.m.
The varsity basketball home
season begins its 19G0 games on
Saturday, Jan. 9. against the Uni
versity of California at 8 p.m.
The Stanford Department of
Athletics announces that the sale
of season tickets for the varsity
basketball team's nine home
games, including six league
games, will terminate on Jan. 6.
The tickets are on sate at the
Ticket Office of the Department
of Athletics from 8:30 a.m.-12
noon, and 1:00-4:30 p.m.
The varsity basketball home
season begins its 19G0 games on
Saturday, Jan. 9. against the Uni
versity of California at 8 p.m.
The Stanford Department of
Athletics announces that the sale
of season tickets for the varsity
basketball team's nine home
games, including six league
games, will terminate on Jan. 6.
The tickets are on sate at the
Ticket Office of the Department
of Athletics from 8:30 a.m.-12
noon, and 1:00-4:30 p.m.
The varsity basketball home
season begins its 19G0 games on
Saturday, Jan. 9. against the Uni
versity of California at 8 p.m.
The Stanford Department of
Athletics announces that the sale
of season tickets for the varsity
basketball team's nine home
games, including six league
games, will terminate on Jan. 6.
The tickets are on sate at the
Ticket Office of the Department
of Athletics from 8:30 a.m.-12
noon, and 1:00-4:30 p.m.
The varsity basketball home
season begins its 19G0 games on
Saturday, Jan. 9. against the Uni
versity of California at 8 p.m.
The Stanford Department of
Athletics announces that the sale
of season tickets for the varsity
basketball team's nine home
games, including six league
games, will terminate on Jan. 6.
The tickets are on sate at the
Ticket Office of the Department
of Athletics from 8:30 a.m.-12
noon, and 1:00-4:30 p.m.
The varsity basketball home
season begins its 19G0 games on
Saturday, Jan. 9. against the Uni
versity of California at 8 p.m.
The Stanford Department of
Athletics announces that the sale
of season tickets for the varsity
basketball team's nine home
games, including six league
games, will terminate on Jan. 6.
The tickets are on sate at the
Ticket Office of the Department
of Athletics from 8:30 a.m.-12
noon, and 1:00-4:30 p.m.
The varsity basketball home
season begins its 19G0 games on
Saturday, Jan. 9. against the Uni
versity of California at 8 p.m.
The Stanford Department of
Athletics announces that the sale
of season tickets for the varsity
basketball team's nine home
games, including six league
games, will terminate on Jan. 6.
The tickets are on sate at the
Ticket Office of the Department
of Athletics from 8:30 a.m.-12
noon, and 1:00-4:30 p.m.
The varsity basketball home
season begins its 19G0 games on
Saturday, Jan. 9. against the Uni
versity of California at 8 p.m.
The Stanford Department of
Athletics announces that the sale
of season tickets for the varsity
basketball team's nine home
games, including six league
games, will terminate on Jan. 6.
The tickets are on sate at the
Ticket Office of the Department
of Athletics from 8:30 a.m.-12
noon, and 1:00-4:30 p.m.
The varsity basketball home
season begins its 19G0 games on
Saturday, Jan. 9. against the Uni
versity of California at 8 p.m.
