# The 						Stanford Daily SPORTS
## HONNEGER BIG GAME LOSS 
### 

INJURED Art ITonneger, former star halfback for the lf)4I Cal frosli
team and a key man in early season Golden Bear varsity sessions, will
watch the 1!)42 Big Game from the bench.

INJURED Art ITonneger, former star halfback for the lf)4I Cal frosli
team and a key man in early season Golden Bear varsity sessions, will
watch the 1!)42 Big Game from the bench.

INJURED Art ITonneger, former star halfback for the lf)4I Cal frosli
team and a key man in early season Golden Bear varsity sessions, will
watch the 1!)42 Big Game from the bench.

INJURED Art ITonneger, former star halfback for the lf)4I Cal frosli
team and a key man in early season Golden Bear varsity sessions, will
watch the 1!)42 Big Game from the bench.

INJURED Art ITonneger, former star halfback for the lf)4I Cal frosli
team and a key man in early season Golden Bear varsity sessions, will
watch the 1!)42 Big Game from the bench.

INJURED Art ITonneger, former star halfback for the lf)4I Cal frosli
team and a key man in early season Golden Bear varsity sessions, will
watch the 1!)42 Big Game from the bench.

INJURED Art ITonneger, former star halfback for the lf)4I Cal frosli
team and a key man in early season Golden Bear varsity sessions, will
watch the 1!)42 Big Game from the bench.

INJURED Art ITonneger, former star halfback for the lf)4I Cal frosli
team and a key man in early season Golden Bear varsity sessions, will
watch the 1!)42 Big Game from the bench.

INJURED Art ITonneger, former star halfback for the lf)4I Cal frosli
team and a key man in early season Golden Bear varsity sessions, will
watch the 1!)42 Big Game from the bench.

INJURED Art ITonneger, former star halfback for the lf)4I Cal frosli
team and a key man in early season Golden Bear varsity sessions, will
watch the 1!)42 Big Game from the bench.

INJURED Art ITonneger, former star halfback for the lf)4I Cal frosli
team and a key man in early season Golden Bear varsity sessions, will
watch the 1!)42 Big Game from the bench.

INJURED Art ITonneger, former star halfback for the lf)4I Cal frosli
team and a key man in early season Golden Bear varsity sessions, will
watch the 1!)42 Big Game from the bench.

INJURED Art ITonneger, former star halfback for the lf)4I Cal frosli
team and a key man in early season Golden Bear varsity sessions, will
watch the 1!)42 Big Game from the bench.

INJURED Art ITonneger, former star halfback for the lf)4I Cal frosli
team and a key man in early season Golden Bear varsity sessions, will
watch the 1!)42 Big Game from the bench.

INJURED Art ITonneger, former star halfback for the lf)4I Cal frosli
team and a key man in early season Golden Bear varsity sessions, will
watch the 1!)42 Big Game from the bench.

INJURED Art ITonneger, former star halfback for the lf)4I Cal frosli
team and a key man in early season Golden Bear varsity sessions, will
watch the 1!)42 Big Game from the bench.

INJURED Art ITonneger, former star halfback for the lf)4I Cal frosli
team and a key man in early season Golden Bear varsity sessions, will
watch the 1!)42 Big Game from the bench.

INJURED Art ITonneger, former star halfback for the lf)4I Cal frosli
team and a key man in early season Golden Bear varsity sessions, will
watch the 1!)42 Big Game from the bench.
