# LA—San Francisco TV Hookup Set Next Month
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES. Aug. G (UP)—A
chain of television relay stations
between Los Angeles and San
Francisco will be opened Sept. 15
by the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Co., it was announced today.
L. T. Cooper, assistant vice-pres
ident of the company, said the
opening of the relay system would
mark the first time that a network
television program is viewed on
screens in Los Angeles and the Bay
Area.
He said Los Angeles and San
Francisco stations would co-oper
ate to produce the inaugural show.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. G (UP)—A
chain of television relay stations
between Los Angeles and San
Francisco will be opened Sept. 15
by the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Co., it was announced today.
L. T. Cooper, assistant vice-pres
ident of the company, said the
opening of the relay system would
mark the first time that a network
television program is viewed on
screens in Los Angeles and the Bay
Area.
He said Los Angeles and San
Francisco stations would co-oper
ate to produce the inaugural show.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. G (UP)—A
chain of television relay stations
between Los Angeles and San
Francisco will be opened Sept. 15
by the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Co., it was announced today.
L. T. Cooper, assistant vice-pres
ident of the company, said the
opening of the relay system would
mark the first time that a network
television program is viewed on
screens in Los Angeles and the Bay
Area.
He said Los Angeles and San
Francisco stations would co-oper
ate to produce the inaugural show.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. G (UP)—A
chain of television relay stations
between Los Angeles and San
Francisco will be opened Sept. 15
by the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Co., it was announced today.
L. T. Cooper, assistant vice-pres
ident of the company, said the
opening of the relay system would
mark the first time that a network
television program is viewed on
screens in Los Angeles and the Bay
Area.
He said Los Angeles and San
Francisco stations would co-oper
ate to produce the inaugural show.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. G (UP)—A
chain of television relay stations
between Los Angeles and San
Francisco will be opened Sept. 15
by the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Co., it was announced today.
L. T. Cooper, assistant vice-pres
ident of the company, said the
opening of the relay system would
mark the first time that a network
television program is viewed on
screens in Los Angeles and the Bay
Area.
He said Los Angeles and San
Francisco stations would co-oper
ate to produce the inaugural show.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. G (UP)—A
chain of television relay stations
between Los Angeles and San
Francisco will be opened Sept. 15
by the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Co., it was announced today.
L. T. Cooper, assistant vice-pres
ident of the company, said the
opening of the relay system would
mark the first time that a network
television program is viewed on
screens in Los Angeles and the Bay
Area.
He said Los Angeles and San
Francisco stations would co-oper
ate to produce the inaugural show.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. G (UP)—A
chain of television relay stations
between Los Angeles and San
Francisco will be opened Sept. 15
by the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Co., it was announced today.
L. T. Cooper, assistant vice-pres
ident of the company, said the
opening of the relay system would
mark the first time that a network
television program is viewed on
screens in Los Angeles and the Bay
Area.
He said Los Angeles and San
Francisco stations would co-oper
ate to produce the inaugural show.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. G (UP)—A
chain of television relay stations
between Los Angeles and San
Francisco will be opened Sept. 15
by the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Co., it was announced today.
L. T. Cooper, assistant vice-pres
ident of the company, said the
opening of the relay system would
mark the first time that a network
television program is viewed on
screens in Los Angeles and the Bay
Area.
He said Los Angeles and San
Francisco stations would co-oper
ate to produce the inaugural show.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. G (UP)—A
chain of television relay stations
between Los Angeles and San
Francisco will be opened Sept. 15
by the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Co., it was announced today.
L. T. Cooper, assistant vice-pres
ident of the company, said the
opening of the relay system would
mark the first time that a network
television program is viewed on
screens in Los Angeles and the Bay
Area.
He said Los Angeles and San
Francisco stations would co-oper
ate to produce the inaugural show.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. G (UP)—A
chain of television relay stations
between Los Angeles and San
Francisco will be opened Sept. 15
by the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Co., it was announced today.
L. T. Cooper, assistant vice-pres
ident of the company, said the
opening of the relay system would
mark the first time that a network
television program is viewed on
screens in Los Angeles and the Bay
Area.
He said Los Angeles and San
Francisco stations would co-oper
ate to produce the inaugural show.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. G (UP)—A
chain of television relay stations
between Los Angeles and San
Francisco will be opened Sept. 15
by the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Co., it was announced today.
L. T. Cooper, assistant vice-pres
ident of the company, said the
opening of the relay system would
mark the first time that a network
television program is viewed on
screens in Los Angeles and the Bay
Area.
He said Los Angeles and San
Francisco stations would co-oper
ate to produce the inaugural show.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. G (UP)—A
chain of television relay stations
between Los Angeles and San
Francisco will be opened Sept. 15
by the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Co., it was announced today.
L. T. Cooper, assistant vice-pres
ident of the company, said the
opening of the relay system would
mark the first time that a network
television program is viewed on
screens in Los Angeles and the Bay
Area.
He said Los Angeles and San
Francisco stations would co-oper
ate to produce the inaugural show.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. G (UP)—A
chain of television relay stations
between Los Angeles and San
Francisco will be opened Sept. 15
by the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Co., it was announced today.
L. T. Cooper, assistant vice-pres
ident of the company, said the
opening of the relay system would
mark the first time that a network
television program is viewed on
screens in Los Angeles and the Bay
Area.
He said Los Angeles and San
Francisco stations would co-oper
ate to produce the inaugural show.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. G (UP)—A
chain of television relay stations
between Los Angeles and San
Francisco will be opened Sept. 15
by the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Co., it was announced today.
L. T. Cooper, assistant vice-pres
ident of the company, said the
opening of the relay system would
mark the first time that a network
television program is viewed on
screens in Los Angeles and the Bay
Area.
He said Los Angeles and San
Francisco stations would co-oper
ate to produce the inaugural show.
