# New head of internal audit named
## 
### John Wagner Senior staff writer 
Reed Brimhall, an accoun
tant from Big-Six firm Deloitte
& Touche, has been appointed
Stanford's new director of
internal audit, effective April
22.
The department Brimhall
will head has come under heavy
fire amid the controversy over
Stanford's indirect-cost poli
cies. An internal audit report
sent to University President
Donald Kennedy in October
concluded the University had
little to fear from a thorough
examination of its policies.
Months later, at a hearing of
the House Subcommittee on
Oversight and Investigations,
several congressmen castigated
the University for its lack of
internal review. "Stanford Uni
versity has performed abysmal
ly when it comes to accounting
for the federal dollars it
receives," declared Rep. Nor
man Lent, R-N.Y. "Its internal
audit system was to all appear
ances nonexistent."
As director of internal audit,

Brimhall will be Stanford's
principal adviser on internal
control and audit matters and
will report to the University's
chief financial officer. He will
also be the liaison with Stan
ford's outside public accoun
tants.
Brimhall, a certified public
accountant in Idaho and Ore
gon, has provided audit and
consulting services for several
educational institutions,
including Idaho State Universi
ty, Utah State University, the
University of New Mexico, the
Oregon Graduate Institute and
Oregon Health Sciences Uni
versity.
"Reed Brimhall comes to
Stanford at critical time,"
Kennedy said. "He has just the
quality and experience we
need."
Brimhall replaces Peter
Millington, who resigned from
the position last year. Milling
ton currently serves as execu
tive assistant to the Universi
ty's chief financial officer.
Steven Jung has been serving
as acting director of internal
audit.
Reed Brimhall, an accoun
tant from Big-Six firm Deloitte
& Touche, has been appointed
Stanford's new director of
internal audit, effective April
22.
The department Brimhall
will head has come under heavy
fire amid the controversy over
Stanford's indirect-cost poli
cies. An internal audit report
sent to University President
Donald Kennedy in October
concluded the University had
little to fear from a thorough
examination of its policies.
Months later, at a hearing of
the House Subcommittee on
Oversight and Investigations,
several congressmen castigated
the University for its lack of
internal review. "Stanford Uni
versity has performed abysmal
ly when it comes to accounting
for the federal dollars it
receives," declared Rep. Nor
man Lent, R-N.Y. "Its internal
audit system was to all appear
ances nonexistent."
As director of internal audit,

Brimhall will be Stanford's
principal adviser on internal
control and audit matters and
will report to the University's
chief financial officer. He will
also be the liaison with Stan
ford's outside public accoun
tants.
Brimhall, a certified public
accountant in Idaho and Ore
gon, has provided audit and
consulting services for several
educational institutions,
including Idaho State Universi
ty, Utah State University, the
University of New Mexico, the
Oregon Graduate Institute and
Oregon Health Sciences Uni
versity.
"Reed Brimhall comes to
Stanford at critical time,"
Kennedy said. "He has just the
quality and experience we
need."
Brimhall replaces Peter
Millington, who resigned from
the position last year. Milling
ton currently serves as execu
tive assistant to the Universi
ty's chief financial officer.
Steven Jung has been serving
as acting director of internal
audit.
Reed Brimhall, an accoun
tant from Big-Six firm Deloitte
& Touche, has been appointed
Stanford's new director of
internal audit, effective April
22.
The department Brimhall
will head has come under heavy
fire amid the controversy over
Stanford's indirect-cost poli
cies. An internal audit report
sent to University President
Donald Kennedy in October
concluded the University had
little to fear from a thorough
examination of its policies.
Months later, at a hearing of
the House Subcommittee on
Oversight and Investigations,
several congressmen castigated
the University for its lack of
internal review. "Stanford Uni
versity has performed abysmal
ly when it comes to accounting
for the federal dollars it
receives," declared Rep. Nor
man Lent, R-N.Y. "Its internal
audit system was to all appear
ances nonexistent."
As director of internal audit,

Brimhall will be Stanford's
principal adviser on internal
control and audit matters and
will report to the University's
chief financial officer. He will
also be the liaison with Stan
ford's outside public accoun
tants.
Brimhall, a certified public
accountant in Idaho and Ore
gon, has provided audit and
consulting services for several
educational institutions,
including Idaho State Universi
ty, Utah State University, the
University of New Mexico, the
Oregon Graduate Institute and
Oregon Health Sciences Uni
versity.
"Reed Brimhall comes to
Stanford at critical time,"
Kennedy said. "He has just the
quality and experience we
need."
Brimhall replaces Peter
Millington, who resigned from
the position last year. Milling
ton currently serves as execu
tive assistant to the Universi
ty's chief financial officer.
Steven Jung has been serving
as acting director of internal
audit.
Reed Brimhall, an accoun
tant from Big-Six firm Deloitte
& Touche, has been appointed
Stanford's new director of
internal audit, effective April
22.
The department Brimhall
will head has come under heavy
fire amid the controversy over
Stanford's indirect-cost poli
cies. An internal audit report
sent to University President
Donald Kennedy in October
concluded the University had
little to fear from a thorough
examination of its policies.
Months later, at a hearing of
the House Subcommittee on
Oversight and Investigations,
several congressmen castigated
the University for its lack of
internal review. "Stanford Uni
versity has performed abysmal
ly when it comes to accounting
for the federal dollars it
receives," declared Rep. Nor
man Lent, R-N.Y. "Its internal
audit system was to all appear
ances nonexistent."
As director of internal audit,

Brimhall will be Stanford's
principal adviser on internal
control and audit matters and
will report to the University's
chief financial officer. He will
also be the liaison with Stan
ford's outside public accoun
tants.
Brimhall, a certified public
accountant in Idaho and Ore
gon, has provided audit and
consulting services for several
educational institutions,
including Idaho State Universi
ty, Utah State University, the
University of New Mexico, the
Oregon Graduate Institute and
Oregon Health Sciences Uni
versity.
"Reed Brimhall comes to
Stanford at critical time,"
Kennedy said. "He has just the
quality and experience we
need."
Brimhall replaces Peter
Millington, who resigned from
the position last year. Milling
ton currently serves as execu
tive assistant to the Universi
ty's chief financial officer.
Steven Jung has been serving
as acting director of internal
audit.
Reed Brimhall, an accoun
tant from Big-Six firm Deloitte
& Touche, has been appointed
Stanford's new director of
internal audit, effective April
22.
The department Brimhall
will head has come under heavy
fire amid the controversy over
Stanford's indirect-cost poli
cies. An internal audit report
sent to University President
Donald Kennedy in October
concluded the University had
little to fear from a thorough
examination of its policies.
Months later, at a hearing of
the House Subcommittee on
Oversight and Investigations,
several congressmen castigated
the University for its lack of
internal review. "Stanford Uni
versity has performed abysmal
ly when it comes to accounting
for the federal dollars it
receives," declared Rep. Nor
man Lent, R-N.Y. "Its internal
audit system was to all appear
ances nonexistent."
As director of internal audit,

Brimhall will be Stanford's
principal adviser on internal
control and audit matters and
will report to the University's
chief financial officer. He will
also be the liaison with Stan
ford's outside public accoun
tants.
Brimhall, a certified public
accountant in Idaho and Ore
gon, has provided audit and
consulting services for several
educational institutions,
including Idaho State Universi
ty, Utah State University, the
University of New Mexico, the
Oregon Graduate Institute and
Oregon Health Sciences Uni
versity.
"Reed Brimhall comes to
Stanford at critical time,"
Kennedy said. "He has just the
quality and experience we
need."
Brimhall replaces Peter
Millington, who resigned from
the position last year. Milling
ton currently serves as execu
tive assistant to the Universi
ty's chief financial officer.
Steven Jung has been serving
as acting director of internal
audit.
Reed Brimhall, an accoun
tant from Big-Six firm Deloitte
& Touche, has been appointed
Stanford's new director of
internal audit, effective April
22.
The department Brimhall
will head has come under heavy
fire amid the controversy over
Stanford's indirect-cost poli
cies. An internal audit report
sent to University President
Donald Kennedy in October
concluded the University had
little to fear from a thorough
examination of its policies.
Months later, at a hearing of
the House Subcommittee on
Oversight and Investigations,
several congressmen castigated
the University for its lack of
internal review. "Stanford Uni
versity has performed abysmal
ly when it comes to accounting
for the federal dollars it
receives," declared Rep. Nor
man Lent, R-N.Y. "Its internal
audit system was to all appear
ances nonexistent."
As director of internal audit,

Brimhall will be Stanford's
principal adviser on internal
control and audit matters and
will report to the University's
chief financial officer. He will
also be the liaison with Stan
ford's outside public accoun
tants.
Brimhall, a certified public
accountant in Idaho and Ore
gon, has provided audit and
consulting services for several
educational institutions,
including Idaho State Universi
ty, Utah State University, the
University of New Mexico, the
Oregon Graduate Institute and
Oregon Health Sciences Uni
versity.
"Reed Brimhall comes to
Stanford at critical time,"
Kennedy said. "He has just the
quality and experience we
need."
Brimhall replaces Peter
Millington, who resigned from
the position last year. Milling
ton currently serves as execu
tive assistant to the Universi
ty's chief financial officer.
Steven Jung has been serving
as acting director of internal
audit.
Reed Brimhall, an accoun
tant from Big-Six firm Deloitte
& Touche, has been appointed
Stanford's new director of
internal audit, effective April
22.
The department Brimhall
will head has come under heavy
fire amid the controversy over
Stanford's indirect-cost poli
cies. An internal audit report
sent to University President
Donald Kennedy in October
concluded the University had
little to fear from a thorough
examination of its policies.
Months later, at a hearing of
the House Subcommittee on
Oversight and Investigations,
several congressmen castigated
the University for its lack of
internal review. "Stanford Uni
versity has performed abysmal
ly when it comes to accounting
for the federal dollars it
receives," declared Rep. Nor
man Lent, R-N.Y. "Its internal
audit system was to all appear
ances nonexistent."
As director of internal audit,

Brimhall will be Stanford's
principal adviser on internal
control and audit matters and
will report to the University's
chief financial officer. He will
also be the liaison with Stan
ford's outside public accoun
tants.
Brimhall, a certified public
accountant in Idaho and Ore
gon, has provided audit and
consulting services for several
educational institutions,
including Idaho State Universi
ty, Utah State University, the
University of New Mexico, the
Oregon Graduate Institute and
Oregon Health Sciences Uni
versity.
"Reed Brimhall comes to
Stanford at critical time,"
Kennedy said. "He has just the
quality and experience we
need."
Brimhall replaces Peter
Millington, who resigned from
the position last year. Milling
ton currently serves as execu
tive assistant to the Universi
ty's chief financial officer.
Steven Jung has been serving
as acting director of internal
audit.
