# BASEBALL WAR PLANS
## 
### 
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 11 (UP).-
Directors of the Western Interna
tional Baseball League today held
definite 1942 plans in abcyance pond
ing further clarification of problems
arising from the war.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—

Congress is scheduled shortly to be- |
gin hearings on a proposal to estab- i
lish a separate Department of Avia- !
tion on a basis of equality with the
Departments of War and Navy.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 11 (UP).-
Directors of the Western Interna
tional Baseball League today held
definite 1942 plans in abcyance pond
ing further clarification of problems
arising from the war.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—

Congress is scheduled shortly to be- |
gin hearings on a proposal to estab- i
lish a separate Department of Avia- !
tion on a basis of equality with the
Departments of War and Navy.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 11 (UP).-
Directors of the Western Interna
tional Baseball League today held
definite 1942 plans in abcyance pond
ing further clarification of problems
arising from the war.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—

Congress is scheduled shortly to be- |
gin hearings on a proposal to estab- i
lish a separate Department of Avia- !
tion on a basis of equality with the
Departments of War and Navy.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 11 (UP).-
Directors of the Western Interna
tional Baseball League today held
definite 1942 plans in abcyance pond
ing further clarification of problems
arising from the war.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—

Congress is scheduled shortly to be- |
gin hearings on a proposal to estab- i
lish a separate Department of Avia- !
tion on a basis of equality with the
Departments of War and Navy.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 11 (UP).-
Directors of the Western Interna
tional Baseball League today held
definite 1942 plans in abcyance pond
ing further clarification of problems
arising from the war.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—

Congress is scheduled shortly to be- |
gin hearings on a proposal to estab- i
lish a separate Department of Avia- !
tion on a basis of equality with the
Departments of War and Navy.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 11 (UP).-
Directors of the Western Interna
tional Baseball League today held
definite 1942 plans in abcyance pond
ing further clarification of problems
arising from the war.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—

Congress is scheduled shortly to be- |
gin hearings on a proposal to estab- i
lish a separate Department of Avia- !
tion on a basis of equality with the
Departments of War and Navy.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 11 (UP).-
Directors of the Western Interna
tional Baseball League today held
definite 1942 plans in abcyance pond
ing further clarification of problems
arising from the war.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—

Congress is scheduled shortly to be- |
gin hearings on a proposal to estab- i
lish a separate Department of Avia- !
tion on a basis of equality with the
Departments of War and Navy.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 11 (UP).-
Directors of the Western Interna
tional Baseball League today held
definite 1942 plans in abcyance pond
ing further clarification of problems
arising from the war.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—

Congress is scheduled shortly to be- |
gin hearings on a proposal to estab- i
lish a separate Department of Avia- !
tion on a basis of equality with the
Departments of War and Navy.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 11 (UP).-
Directors of the Western Interna
tional Baseball League today held
definite 1942 plans in abcyance pond
ing further clarification of problems
arising from the war.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—

Congress is scheduled shortly to be- |
gin hearings on a proposal to estab- i
lish a separate Department of Avia- !
tion on a basis of equality with the
Departments of War and Navy.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 11 (UP).-
Directors of the Western Interna
tional Baseball League today held
definite 1942 plans in abcyance pond
ing further clarification of problems
arising from the war.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—

Congress is scheduled shortly to be- |
gin hearings on a proposal to estab- i
lish a separate Department of Avia- !
tion on a basis of equality with the
Departments of War and Navy.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 11 (UP).-
Directors of the Western Interna
tional Baseball League today held
definite 1942 plans in abcyance pond
ing further clarification of problems
arising from the war.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—

Congress is scheduled shortly to be- |
gin hearings on a proposal to estab- i
lish a separate Department of Avia- !
tion on a basis of equality with the
Departments of War and Navy.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 11 (UP).-
Directors of the Western Interna
tional Baseball League today held
definite 1942 plans in abcyance pond
ing further clarification of problems
arising from the war.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—

Congress is scheduled shortly to be- |
gin hearings on a proposal to estab- i
lish a separate Department of Avia- !
tion on a basis of equality with the
Departments of War and Navy.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 11 (UP).-
Directors of the Western Interna
tional Baseball League today held
definite 1942 plans in abcyance pond
ing further clarification of problems
arising from the war.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—

Congress is scheduled shortly to be- |
gin hearings on a proposal to estab- i
lish a separate Department of Avia- !
tion on a basis of equality with the
Departments of War and Navy.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 11 (UP).-
Directors of the Western Interna
tional Baseball League today held
definite 1942 plans in abcyance pond
ing further clarification of problems
arising from the war.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—

Congress is scheduled shortly to be- |
gin hearings on a proposal to estab- i
lish a separate Department of Avia- !
tion on a basis of equality with the
Departments of War and Navy.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 11 (UP).-
Directors of the Western Interna
tional Baseball League today held
definite 1942 plans in abcyance pond
ing further clarification of problems
arising from the war.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—

Congress is scheduled shortly to be- |
gin hearings on a proposal to estab- i
lish a separate Department of Avia- !
tion on a basis of equality with the
Departments of War and Navy.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 11 (UP).-
Directors of the Western Interna
tional Baseball League today held
definite 1942 plans in abcyance pond
ing further clarification of problems
arising from the war.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—

Congress is scheduled shortly to be- |
gin hearings on a proposal to estab- i
lish a separate Department of Avia- !
tion on a basis of equality with the
Departments of War and Navy.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 11 (UP).-
Directors of the Western Interna
tional Baseball League today held
definite 1942 plans in abcyance pond
ing further clarification of problems
arising from the war.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—

Congress is scheduled shortly to be- |
gin hearings on a proposal to estab- i
lish a separate Department of Avia- !
tion on a basis of equality with the
Departments of War and Navy.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 11 (UP).-
Directors of the Western Interna
tional Baseball League today held
definite 1942 plans in abcyance pond
ing further clarification of problems
arising from the war.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—

Congress is scheduled shortly to be- |
gin hearings on a proposal to estab- i
lish a separate Department of Avia- !
tion on a basis of equality with the
Departments of War and Navy.
