# PLANE PRODUCTION INCREASES
## 
### 

SURPASSING THE TOTAL AXIS airplane production in 1942, and far outstepping it in 194:}— this graph
presents America's effort in the air as presented to Congress by President Roosevelt in his "Stale of the
Nation" address. In this year and the next, the President promised, 185,000 planes will be produced.

SURPASSING THE TOTAL AXIS airplane production in 1942, and far outstepping it in 194:}— this graph
presents America's effort in the air as presented to Congress by President Roosevelt in his "Stale of the
Nation" address. In this year and the next, the President promised, 185,000 planes will be produced.

SURPASSING THE TOTAL AXIS airplane production in 1942, and far outstepping it in 194:}— this graph
presents America's effort in the air as presented to Congress by President Roosevelt in his "Stale of the
Nation" address. In this year and the next, the President promised, 185,000 planes will be produced.

SURPASSING THE TOTAL AXIS airplane production in 1942, and far outstepping it in 194:}— this graph
presents America's effort in the air as presented to Congress by President Roosevelt in his "Stale of the
Nation" address. In this year and the next, the President promised, 185,000 planes will be produced.

SURPASSING THE TOTAL AXIS airplane production in 1942, and far outstepping it in 194:}— this graph
presents America's effort in the air as presented to Congress by President Roosevelt in his "Stale of the
Nation" address. In this year and the next, the President promised, 185,000 planes will be produced.

SURPASSING THE TOTAL AXIS airplane production in 1942, and far outstepping it in 194:}— this graph
presents America's effort in the air as presented to Congress by President Roosevelt in his "Stale of the
Nation" address. In this year and the next, the President promised, 185,000 planes will be produced.

SURPASSING THE TOTAL AXIS airplane production in 1942, and far outstepping it in 194:}— this graph
presents America's effort in the air as presented to Congress by President Roosevelt in his "Stale of the
Nation" address. In this year and the next, the President promised, 185,000 planes will be produced.

SURPASSING THE TOTAL AXIS airplane production in 1942, and far outstepping it in 194:}— this graph
presents America's effort in the air as presented to Congress by President Roosevelt in his "Stale of the
Nation" address. In this year and the next, the President promised, 185,000 planes will be produced.

SURPASSING THE TOTAL AXIS airplane production in 1942, and far outstepping it in 194:}— this graph
presents America's effort in the air as presented to Congress by President Roosevelt in his "Stale of the
Nation" address. In this year and the next, the President promised, 185,000 planes will be produced.

SURPASSING THE TOTAL AXIS airplane production in 1942, and far outstepping it in 194:}— this graph
presents America's effort in the air as presented to Congress by President Roosevelt in his "Stale of the
Nation" address. In this year and the next, the President promised, 185,000 planes will be produced.

SURPASSING THE TOTAL AXIS airplane production in 1942, and far outstepping it in 194:}— this graph
presents America's effort in the air as presented to Congress by President Roosevelt in his "Stale of the
Nation" address. In this year and the next, the President promised, 185,000 planes will be produced.

SURPASSING THE TOTAL AXIS airplane production in 1942, and far outstepping it in 194:}— this graph
presents America's effort in the air as presented to Congress by President Roosevelt in his "Stale of the
Nation" address. In this year and the next, the President promised, 185,000 planes will be produced.

SURPASSING THE TOTAL AXIS airplane production in 1942, and far outstepping it in 194:}— this graph
presents America's effort in the air as presented to Congress by President Roosevelt in his "Stale of the
Nation" address. In this year and the next, the President promised, 185,000 planes will be produced.

SURPASSING THE TOTAL AXIS airplane production in 1942, and far outstepping it in 194:}— this graph
presents America's effort in the air as presented to Congress by President Roosevelt in his "Stale of the
Nation" address. In this year and the next, the President promised, 185,000 planes will be produced.

SURPASSING THE TOTAL AXIS airplane production in 1942, and far outstepping it in 194:}— this graph
presents America's effort in the air as presented to Congress by President Roosevelt in his "Stale of the
Nation" address. In this year and the next, the President promised, 185,000 planes will be produced.

SURPASSING THE TOTAL AXIS airplane production in 1942, and far outstepping it in 194:}— this graph
presents America's effort in the air as presented to Congress by President Roosevelt in his "Stale of the
Nation" address. In this year and the next, the President promised, 185,000 planes will be produced.

SURPASSING THE TOTAL AXIS airplane production in 1942, and far outstepping it in 194:}— this graph
presents America's effort in the air as presented to Congress by President Roosevelt in his "Stale of the
Nation" address. In this year and the next, the President promised, 185,000 planes will be produced.

SURPASSING THE TOTAL AXIS airplane production in 1942, and far outstepping it in 194:}— this graph
presents America's effort in the air as presented to Congress by President Roosevelt in his "Stale of the
Nation" address. In this year and the next, the President promised, 185,000 planes will be produced.
