# HEADED FOR TENNIS STARDOM
## 
### 

LOUISE BROUGH, a Beverly Hills girl, national junior singles and
doubles champion, added another trophy to her laurels when she won
the 2Kth annual Southern California Midwinter tennis tourney at
Long Btach. She entered in several midwinter events.

LOUISE BROUGH, a Beverly Hills girl, national junior singles and
doubles champion, added another trophy to her laurels when she won
the 2Kth annual Southern California Midwinter tennis tourney at
Long Btach. She entered in several midwinter events.

LOUISE BROUGH, a Beverly Hills girl, national junior singles and
doubles champion, added another trophy to her laurels when she won
the 2Kth annual Southern California Midwinter tennis tourney at
Long Btach. She entered in several midwinter events.

LOUISE BROUGH, a Beverly Hills girl, national junior singles and
doubles champion, added another trophy to her laurels when she won
the 2Kth annual Southern California Midwinter tennis tourney at
Long Btach. She entered in several midwinter events.

LOUISE BROUGH, a Beverly Hills girl, national junior singles and
doubles champion, added another trophy to her laurels when she won
the 2Kth annual Southern California Midwinter tennis tourney at
Long Btach. She entered in several midwinter events.

LOUISE BROUGH, a Beverly Hills girl, national junior singles and
doubles champion, added another trophy to her laurels when she won
the 2Kth annual Southern California Midwinter tennis tourney at
Long Btach. She entered in several midwinter events.

LOUISE BROUGH, a Beverly Hills girl, national junior singles and
doubles champion, added another trophy to her laurels when she won
the 2Kth annual Southern California Midwinter tennis tourney at
Long Btach. She entered in several midwinter events.

LOUISE BROUGH, a Beverly Hills girl, national junior singles and
doubles champion, added another trophy to her laurels when she won
the 2Kth annual Southern California Midwinter tennis tourney at
Long Btach. She entered in several midwinter events.

LOUISE BROUGH, a Beverly Hills girl, national junior singles and
doubles champion, added another trophy to her laurels when she won
the 2Kth annual Southern California Midwinter tennis tourney at
Long Btach. She entered in several midwinter events.

LOUISE BROUGH, a Beverly Hills girl, national junior singles and
doubles champion, added another trophy to her laurels when she won
the 2Kth annual Southern California Midwinter tennis tourney at
Long Btach. She entered in several midwinter events.

LOUISE BROUGH, a Beverly Hills girl, national junior singles and
doubles champion, added another trophy to her laurels when she won
the 2Kth annual Southern California Midwinter tennis tourney at
Long Btach. She entered in several midwinter events.

LOUISE BROUGH, a Beverly Hills girl, national junior singles and
doubles champion, added another trophy to her laurels when she won
the 2Kth annual Southern California Midwinter tennis tourney at
Long Btach. She entered in several midwinter events.

LOUISE BROUGH, a Beverly Hills girl, national junior singles and
doubles champion, added another trophy to her laurels when she won
the 2Kth annual Southern California Midwinter tennis tourney at
Long Btach. She entered in several midwinter events.

LOUISE BROUGH, a Beverly Hills girl, national junior singles and
doubles champion, added another trophy to her laurels when she won
the 2Kth annual Southern California Midwinter tennis tourney at
Long Btach. She entered in several midwinter events.

LOUISE BROUGH, a Beverly Hills girl, national junior singles and
doubles champion, added another trophy to her laurels when she won
the 2Kth annual Southern California Midwinter tennis tourney at
Long Btach. She entered in several midwinter events.

LOUISE BROUGH, a Beverly Hills girl, national junior singles and
doubles champion, added another trophy to her laurels when she won
the 2Kth annual Southern California Midwinter tennis tourney at
Long Btach. She entered in several midwinter events.

LOUISE BROUGH, a Beverly Hills girl, national junior singles and
doubles champion, added another trophy to her laurels when she won
the 2Kth annual Southern California Midwinter tennis tourney at
Long Btach. She entered in several midwinter events.

LOUISE BROUGH, a Beverly Hills girl, national junior singles and
doubles champion, added another trophy to her laurels when she won
the 2Kth annual Southern California Midwinter tennis tourney at
Long Btach. She entered in several midwinter events.
