# BATAVIA CRIES FOR AIRCRAFT
## 
### 
MELBOURNE, Jan. 11 (Broadcast
Recorded by UP in San Francisco) —
Aircraft reinforcements are urgently
needed by the Dutch East Indies to
convert Java into an Allied offensive
base, Batavia dispatches said today,
as an Australian government spokes
man warned of the increasing danger
to Australian security.
General Douglas 'Mac Arthur's con
tinued resistance in the Philippines,
said the spokesman, was giving Aus
tralia "valuable time" and keeping a
considerable force of Japanese troops
"immobilized."
MELBOURNE, Jan. 11 (Broadcast
Recorded by UP in San Francisco) —
Aircraft reinforcements are urgently
needed by the Dutch East Indies to
convert Java into an Allied offensive
base, Batavia dispatches said today,
as an Australian government spokes
man warned of the increasing danger
to Australian security.
General Douglas 'Mac Arthur's con
tinued resistance in the Philippines,
said the spokesman, was giving Aus
tralia "valuable time" and keeping a
considerable force of Japanese troops
"immobilized."
MELBOURNE, Jan. 11 (Broadcast
Recorded by UP in San Francisco) —
Aircraft reinforcements are urgently
needed by the Dutch East Indies to
convert Java into an Allied offensive
base, Batavia dispatches said today,
as an Australian government spokes
man warned of the increasing danger
to Australian security.
General Douglas 'Mac Arthur's con
tinued resistance in the Philippines,
said the spokesman, was giving Aus
tralia "valuable time" and keeping a
considerable force of Japanese troops
"immobilized."
MELBOURNE, Jan. 11 (Broadcast
Recorded by UP in San Francisco) —
Aircraft reinforcements are urgently
needed by the Dutch East Indies to
convert Java into an Allied offensive
base, Batavia dispatches said today,
as an Australian government spokes
man warned of the increasing danger
to Australian security.
General Douglas 'Mac Arthur's con
tinued resistance in the Philippines,
said the spokesman, was giving Aus
tralia "valuable time" and keeping a
considerable force of Japanese troops
"immobilized."
MELBOURNE, Jan. 11 (Broadcast
Recorded by UP in San Francisco) —
Aircraft reinforcements are urgently
needed by the Dutch East Indies to
convert Java into an Allied offensive
base, Batavia dispatches said today,
as an Australian government spokes
man warned of the increasing danger
to Australian security.
General Douglas 'Mac Arthur's con
tinued resistance in the Philippines,
said the spokesman, was giving Aus
tralia "valuable time" and keeping a
considerable force of Japanese troops
"immobilized."
MELBOURNE, Jan. 11 (Broadcast
Recorded by UP in San Francisco) —
Aircraft reinforcements are urgently
needed by the Dutch East Indies to
convert Java into an Allied offensive
base, Batavia dispatches said today,
as an Australian government spokes
man warned of the increasing danger
to Australian security.
General Douglas 'Mac Arthur's con
tinued resistance in the Philippines,
said the spokesman, was giving Aus
tralia "valuable time" and keeping a
considerable force of Japanese troops
"immobilized."
MELBOURNE, Jan. 11 (Broadcast
Recorded by UP in San Francisco) —
Aircraft reinforcements are urgently
needed by the Dutch East Indies to
convert Java into an Allied offensive
base, Batavia dispatches said today,
as an Australian government spokes
man warned of the increasing danger
to Australian security.
General Douglas 'Mac Arthur's con
tinued resistance in the Philippines,
said the spokesman, was giving Aus
tralia "valuable time" and keeping a
considerable force of Japanese troops
"immobilized."
MELBOURNE, Jan. 11 (Broadcast
Recorded by UP in San Francisco) —
Aircraft reinforcements are urgently
needed by the Dutch East Indies to
convert Java into an Allied offensive
base, Batavia dispatches said today,
as an Australian government spokes
man warned of the increasing danger
to Australian security.
General Douglas 'Mac Arthur's con
tinued resistance in the Philippines,
said the spokesman, was giving Aus
tralia "valuable time" and keeping a
considerable force of Japanese troops
"immobilized."
MELBOURNE, Jan. 11 (Broadcast
Recorded by UP in San Francisco) —
Aircraft reinforcements are urgently
needed by the Dutch East Indies to
convert Java into an Allied offensive
base, Batavia dispatches said today,
as an Australian government spokes
man warned of the increasing danger
to Australian security.
General Douglas 'Mac Arthur's con
tinued resistance in the Philippines,
said the spokesman, was giving Aus
tralia "valuable time" and keeping a
considerable force of Japanese troops
"immobilized."
MELBOURNE, Jan. 11 (Broadcast
Recorded by UP in San Francisco) —
Aircraft reinforcements are urgently
needed by the Dutch East Indies to
convert Java into an Allied offensive
base, Batavia dispatches said today,
as an Australian government spokes
man warned of the increasing danger
to Australian security.
General Douglas 'Mac Arthur's con
tinued resistance in the Philippines,
said the spokesman, was giving Aus
tralia "valuable time" and keeping a
considerable force of Japanese troops
"immobilized."
MELBOURNE, Jan. 11 (Broadcast
Recorded by UP in San Francisco) —
Aircraft reinforcements are urgently
needed by the Dutch East Indies to
convert Java into an Allied offensive
base, Batavia dispatches said today,
as an Australian government spokes
man warned of the increasing danger
to Australian security.
General Douglas 'Mac Arthur's con
tinued resistance in the Philippines,
said the spokesman, was giving Aus
tralia "valuable time" and keeping a
considerable force of Japanese troops
"immobilized."
MELBOURNE, Jan. 11 (Broadcast
Recorded by UP in San Francisco) —
Aircraft reinforcements are urgently
needed by the Dutch East Indies to
convert Java into an Allied offensive
base, Batavia dispatches said today,
as an Australian government spokes
man warned of the increasing danger
to Australian security.
General Douglas 'Mac Arthur's con
tinued resistance in the Philippines,
said the spokesman, was giving Aus
tralia "valuable time" and keeping a
considerable force of Japanese troops
"immobilized."
MELBOURNE, Jan. 11 (Broadcast
Recorded by UP in San Francisco) —
Aircraft reinforcements are urgently
needed by the Dutch East Indies to
convert Java into an Allied offensive
base, Batavia dispatches said today,
as an Australian government spokes
man warned of the increasing danger
to Australian security.
General Douglas 'Mac Arthur's con
tinued resistance in the Philippines,
said the spokesman, was giving Aus
tralia "valuable time" and keeping a
considerable force of Japanese troops
"immobilized."
MELBOURNE, Jan. 11 (Broadcast
Recorded by UP in San Francisco) —
Aircraft reinforcements are urgently
needed by the Dutch East Indies to
convert Java into an Allied offensive
base, Batavia dispatches said today,
as an Australian government spokes
man warned of the increasing danger
to Australian security.
General Douglas 'Mac Arthur's con
tinued resistance in the Philippines,
said the spokesman, was giving Aus
tralia "valuable time" and keeping a
considerable force of Japanese troops
"immobilized."
MELBOURNE, Jan. 11 (Broadcast
Recorded by UP in San Francisco) —
Aircraft reinforcements are urgently
needed by the Dutch East Indies to
convert Java into an Allied offensive
base, Batavia dispatches said today,
as an Australian government spokes
man warned of the increasing danger
to Australian security.
General Douglas 'Mac Arthur's con
tinued resistance in the Philippines,
said the spokesman, was giving Aus
tralia "valuable time" and keeping a
considerable force of Japanese troops
"immobilized."
MELBOURNE, Jan. 11 (Broadcast
Recorded by UP in San Francisco) —
Aircraft reinforcements are urgently
needed by the Dutch East Indies to
convert Java into an Allied offensive
base, Batavia dispatches said today,
as an Australian government spokes
man warned of the increasing danger
to Australian security.
General Douglas 'Mac Arthur's con
tinued resistance in the Philippines,
said the spokesman, was giving Aus
tralia "valuable time" and keeping a
considerable force of Japanese troops
"immobilized."
MELBOURNE, Jan. 11 (Broadcast
Recorded by UP in San Francisco) —
Aircraft reinforcements are urgently
needed by the Dutch East Indies to
convert Java into an Allied offensive
base, Batavia dispatches said today,
as an Australian government spokes
man warned of the increasing danger
to Australian security.
General Douglas 'Mac Arthur's con
tinued resistance in the Philippines,
said the spokesman, was giving Aus
tralia "valuable time" and keeping a
considerable force of Japanese troops
"immobilized."
MELBOURNE, Jan. 11 (Broadcast
Recorded by UP in San Francisco) —
Aircraft reinforcements are urgently
needed by the Dutch East Indies to
convert Java into an Allied offensive
base, Batavia dispatches said today,
as an Australian government spokes
man warned of the increasing danger
to Australian security.
General Douglas 'Mac Arthur's con
tinued resistance in the Philippines,
said the spokesman, was giving Aus
tralia "valuable time" and keeping a
considerable force of Japanese troops
"immobilized."
