# BRITISH CORVETTE SUNK
## 
### 
LONDON, Jan. 11 (UP).—The Ad
miralty announced tonight that the
corvette Salvia had been sunk.
LONDON, Jan. 11 (UP).—The Ad
miralty announced tonight that the
corvette Salvia had been sunk.
LONDON, Jan. 11 (UP).—The Ad
miralty announced tonight that the
corvette Salvia had been sunk.
LONDON, Jan. 11 (UP).—The Ad
miralty announced tonight that the
corvette Salvia had been sunk.
LONDON, Jan. 11 (UP).—The Ad
miralty announced tonight that the
corvette Salvia had been sunk.
LONDON, Jan. 11 (UP).—The Ad
miralty announced tonight that the
corvette Salvia had been sunk.
LONDON, Jan. 11 (UP).—The Ad
miralty announced tonight that the
corvette Salvia had been sunk.
LONDON, Jan. 11 (UP).—The Ad
miralty announced tonight that the
corvette Salvia had been sunk.
LONDON, Jan. 11 (UP).—The Ad
miralty announced tonight that the
corvette Salvia had been sunk.
LONDON, Jan. 11 (UP).—The Ad
miralty announced tonight that the
corvette Salvia had been sunk.
LONDON, Jan. 11 (UP).—The Ad
miralty announced tonight that the
corvette Salvia had been sunk.
LONDON, Jan. 11 (UP).—The Ad
miralty announced tonight that the
corvette Salvia had been sunk.
LONDON, Jan. 11 (UP).—The Ad
miralty announced tonight that the
corvette Salvia had been sunk.
LONDON, Jan. 11 (UP).—The Ad
miralty announced tonight that the
corvette Salvia had been sunk.
LONDON, Jan. 11 (UP).—The Ad
miralty announced tonight that the
corvette Salvia had been sunk.
LONDON, Jan. 11 (UP).—The Ad
miralty announced tonight that the
corvette Salvia had been sunk.
LONDON, Jan. 11 (UP).—The Ad
miralty announced tonight that the
corvette Salvia had been sunk.
LONDON, Jan. 11 (UP).—The Ad
miralty announced tonight that the
corvette Salvia had been sunk.
