# Student who criticized Howard is ignorant of school's high standards
## 
### 
Ignorance confounds. Absolute
ignorance confounds absolutely. And
only absolute ignorance of Howard
University could spawn the state
ments of sophomore Gene Kavenoki
in his letter to The Daily published
yesterday:"I suggest you (N'Gai

Croal) go to Howard University. Sure,
the academics make San Jose State
look like Oxford, but at least you
won't have all those nasty white peo
ple. . . No, Gene, you should go to
Howard University to disabuse your
self of your elitist notions.
In your confusion, are you attempt
ing to defame Oxford, San Jose State
or Howard — all of which have pro
duced people you, or anyone else,
would be hard-pressed to match in
achievement? Howard, in particular,
boasts a list of alumni that reads like

a Who's Who of black and white
America, from white Senator Harris
Wofford to black 1994 Pulitzer Prize
winning reporter Isabel Wilkerson.
Just what aspect of their academic
preparation do you question? (Also,
for your information, Howard has
more non-black students than Stan
ford has black students and has a
more international student body.)
Having matriculated to both
Howard and Stanford, I can attest to
the highest of academic standards at
both institutions and would place nei

ther wholly above the other in terms
of the rigors of its curriculum. I have
the fortunate vantage point of being
one of the first American-native black
Ph.D. students in my department — a
feat that has eluded many a predeces
sor from every name-brand institu
tion you can imagine. Stop patting
yourself on the back for being here
and get back to work, you sophomoric
snot!
Damian Rouson
Doctoral candidate, mechanical
engineering
Ignorance confounds. Absolute
ignorance confounds absolutely. And
only absolute ignorance of Howard
University could spawn the state
ments of sophomore Gene Kavenoki
in his letter to The Daily published
yesterday:"I suggest you (N'Gai

Croal) go to Howard University. Sure,
the academics make San Jose State
look like Oxford, but at least you
won't have all those nasty white peo
ple. . . No, Gene, you should go to
Howard University to disabuse your
self of your elitist notions.
In your confusion, are you attempt
ing to defame Oxford, San Jose State
or Howard — all of which have pro
duced people you, or anyone else,
would be hard-pressed to match in
achievement? Howard, in particular,
boasts a list of alumni that reads like

a Who's Who of black and white
America, from white Senator Harris
Wofford to black 1994 Pulitzer Prize
winning reporter Isabel Wilkerson.
Just what aspect of their academic
preparation do you question? (Also,
for your information, Howard has
more non-black students than Stan
ford has black students and has a
more international student body.)
Having matriculated to both
Howard and Stanford, I can attest to
the highest of academic standards at
both institutions and would place nei

ther wholly above the other in terms
of the rigors of its curriculum. I have
the fortunate vantage point of being
one of the first American-native black
Ph.D. students in my department — a
feat that has eluded many a predeces
sor from every name-brand institu
tion you can imagine. Stop patting
yourself on the back for being here
and get back to work, you sophomoric
snot!
Damian Rouson
Doctoral candidate, mechanical
engineering
Ignorance confounds. Absolute
ignorance confounds absolutely. And
only absolute ignorance of Howard
University could spawn the state
ments of sophomore Gene Kavenoki
in his letter to The Daily published
yesterday:"I suggest you (N'Gai

Croal) go to Howard University. Sure,
the academics make San Jose State
look like Oxford, but at least you
won't have all those nasty white peo
ple. . . No, Gene, you should go to
Howard University to disabuse your
self of your elitist notions.
In your confusion, are you attempt
ing to defame Oxford, San Jose State
or Howard — all of which have pro
duced people you, or anyone else,
would be hard-pressed to match in
achievement? Howard, in particular,
boasts a list of alumni that reads like

a Who's Who of black and white
America, from white Senator Harris
Wofford to black 1994 Pulitzer Prize
winning reporter Isabel Wilkerson.
Just what aspect of their academic
preparation do you question? (Also,
for your information, Howard has
more non-black students than Stan
ford has black students and has a
more international student body.)
Having matriculated to both
Howard and Stanford, I can attest to
the highest of academic standards at
both institutions and would place nei

ther wholly above the other in terms
of the rigors of its curriculum. I have
the fortunate vantage point of being
one of the first American-native black
Ph.D. students in my department — a
feat that has eluded many a predeces
sor from every name-brand institu
tion you can imagine. Stop patting
yourself on the back for being here
and get back to work, you sophomoric
snot!
Damian Rouson
Doctoral candidate, mechanical
engineering
Ignorance confounds. Absolute
ignorance confounds absolutely. And
only absolute ignorance of Howard
University could spawn the state
ments of sophomore Gene Kavenoki
in his letter to The Daily published
yesterday:"I suggest you (N'Gai

Croal) go to Howard University. Sure,
the academics make San Jose State
look like Oxford, but at least you
won't have all those nasty white peo
ple. . . No, Gene, you should go to
Howard University to disabuse your
self of your elitist notions.
In your confusion, are you attempt
ing to defame Oxford, San Jose State
or Howard — all of which have pro
duced people you, or anyone else,
would be hard-pressed to match in
achievement? Howard, in particular,
boasts a list of alumni that reads like

a Who's Who of black and white
America, from white Senator Harris
Wofford to black 1994 Pulitzer Prize
winning reporter Isabel Wilkerson.
Just what aspect of their academic
preparation do you question? (Also,
for your information, Howard has
more non-black students than Stan
ford has black students and has a
more international student body.)
Having matriculated to both
Howard and Stanford, I can attest to
the highest of academic standards at
both institutions and would place nei

ther wholly above the other in terms
of the rigors of its curriculum. I have
the fortunate vantage point of being
one of the first American-native black
Ph.D. students in my department — a
feat that has eluded many a predeces
sor from every name-brand institu
tion you can imagine. Stop patting
yourself on the back for being here
and get back to work, you sophomoric
snot!
Damian Rouson
Doctoral candidate, mechanical
engineering
Ignorance confounds. Absolute
ignorance confounds absolutely. And
only absolute ignorance of Howard
University could spawn the state
ments of sophomore Gene Kavenoki
in his letter to The Daily published
yesterday:"I suggest you (N'Gai

Croal) go to Howard University. Sure,
the academics make San Jose State
look like Oxford, but at least you
won't have all those nasty white peo
ple. . . No, Gene, you should go to
Howard University to disabuse your
self of your elitist notions.
In your confusion, are you attempt
ing to defame Oxford, San Jose State
or Howard — all of which have pro
duced people you, or anyone else,
would be hard-pressed to match in
achievement? Howard, in particular,
boasts a list of alumni that reads like

a Who's Who of black and white
America, from white Senator Harris
Wofford to black 1994 Pulitzer Prize
winning reporter Isabel Wilkerson.
Just what aspect of their academic
preparation do you question? (Also,
for your information, Howard has
more non-black students than Stan
ford has black students and has a
more international student body.)
Having matriculated to both
Howard and Stanford, I can attest to
the highest of academic standards at
both institutions and would place nei

ther wholly above the other in terms
of the rigors of its curriculum. I have
the fortunate vantage point of being
one of the first American-native black
Ph.D. students in my department — a
feat that has eluded many a predeces
sor from every name-brand institu
tion you can imagine. Stop patting
yourself on the back for being here
and get back to work, you sophomoric
snot!
Damian Rouson
Doctoral candidate, mechanical
engineering
Ignorance confounds. Absolute
ignorance confounds absolutely. And
only absolute ignorance of Howard
University could spawn the state
ments of sophomore Gene Kavenoki
in his letter to The Daily published
yesterday:"I suggest you (N'Gai

Croal) go to Howard University. Sure,
the academics make San Jose State
look like Oxford, but at least you
won't have all those nasty white peo
ple. . . No, Gene, you should go to
Howard University to disabuse your
self of your elitist notions.
In your confusion, are you attempt
ing to defame Oxford, San Jose State
or Howard — all of which have pro
duced people you, or anyone else,
would be hard-pressed to match in
achievement? Howard, in particular,
boasts a list of alumni that reads like

a Who's Who of black and white
America, from white Senator Harris
Wofford to black 1994 Pulitzer Prize
winning reporter Isabel Wilkerson.
Just what aspect of their academic
preparation do you question? (Also,
for your information, Howard has
more non-black students than Stan
ford has black students and has a
more international student body.)
Having matriculated to both
Howard and Stanford, I can attest to
the highest of academic standards at
both institutions and would place nei

ther wholly above the other in terms
of the rigors of its curriculum. I have
the fortunate vantage point of being
one of the first American-native black
Ph.D. students in my department — a
feat that has eluded many a predeces
sor from every name-brand institu
tion you can imagine. Stop patting
yourself on the back for being here
and get back to work, you sophomoric
snot!
Damian Rouson
Doctoral candidate, mechanical
engineering
Ignorance confounds. Absolute
ignorance confounds absolutely. And
only absolute ignorance of Howard
University could spawn the state
ments of sophomore Gene Kavenoki
in his letter to The Daily published
yesterday:"I suggest you (N'Gai

Croal) go to Howard University. Sure,
the academics make San Jose State
look like Oxford, but at least you
won't have all those nasty white peo
ple. . . No, Gene, you should go to
Howard University to disabuse your
self of your elitist notions.
In your confusion, are you attempt
ing to defame Oxford, San Jose State
or Howard — all of which have pro
duced people you, or anyone else,
would be hard-pressed to match in
achievement? Howard, in particular,
boasts a list of alumni that reads like

a Who's Who of black and white
America, from white Senator Harris
Wofford to black 1994 Pulitzer Prize
winning reporter Isabel Wilkerson.
Just what aspect of their academic
preparation do you question? (Also,
for your information, Howard has
more non-black students than Stan
ford has black students and has a
more international student body.)
Having matriculated to both
Howard and Stanford, I can attest to
the highest of academic standards at
both institutions and would place nei

ther wholly above the other in terms
of the rigors of its curriculum. I have
the fortunate vantage point of being
one of the first American-native black
Ph.D. students in my department — a
feat that has eluded many a predeces
sor from every name-brand institu
tion you can imagine. Stop patting
yourself on the back for being here
and get back to work, you sophomoric
snot!
Damian Rouson
Doctoral candidate, mechanical
engineering
