# SEQUOIA SMOKER HELD LAST NIGHT
## 
### 
Members of Sequoia Club held a "get
acquainted" Smoker last night. The
program started with wrestling matches,
recitations, songs and a bushel of
smokes. Tickets to the movies were
distributed, and the evening topped off
by a trip to the Varsity theatre.
Members of Sequoia Club held a "get
acquainted" Smoker last night. The
program started with wrestling matches,
recitations, songs and a bushel of
smokes. Tickets to the movies were
distributed, and the evening topped off
by a trip to the Varsity theatre.
Members of Sequoia Club held a "get
acquainted" Smoker last night. The
program started with wrestling matches,
recitations, songs and a bushel of
smokes. Tickets to the movies were
distributed, and the evening topped off
by a trip to the Varsity theatre.
Members of Sequoia Club held a "get
acquainted" Smoker last night. The
program started with wrestling matches,
recitations, songs and a bushel of
smokes. Tickets to the movies were
distributed, and the evening topped off
by a trip to the Varsity theatre.
Members of Sequoia Club held a "get
acquainted" Smoker last night. The
program started with wrestling matches,
recitations, songs and a bushel of
smokes. Tickets to the movies were
distributed, and the evening topped off
by a trip to the Varsity theatre.
Members of Sequoia Club held a "get
acquainted" Smoker last night. The
program started with wrestling matches,
recitations, songs and a bushel of
smokes. Tickets to the movies were
distributed, and the evening topped off
by a trip to the Varsity theatre.
Members of Sequoia Club held a "get
acquainted" Smoker last night. The
program started with wrestling matches,
recitations, songs and a bushel of
smokes. Tickets to the movies were
distributed, and the evening topped off
by a trip to the Varsity theatre.
Members of Sequoia Club held a "get
acquainted" Smoker last night. The
program started with wrestling matches,
recitations, songs and a bushel of
smokes. Tickets to the movies were
distributed, and the evening topped off
by a trip to the Varsity theatre.
Members of Sequoia Club held a "get
acquainted" Smoker last night. The
program started with wrestling matches,
recitations, songs and a bushel of
smokes. Tickets to the movies were
distributed, and the evening topped off
by a trip to the Varsity theatre.
Members of Sequoia Club held a "get
acquainted" Smoker last night. The
program started with wrestling matches,
recitations, songs and a bushel of
smokes. Tickets to the movies were
distributed, and the evening topped off
by a trip to the Varsity theatre.
Members of Sequoia Club held a "get
acquainted" Smoker last night. The
program started with wrestling matches,
recitations, songs and a bushel of
smokes. Tickets to the movies were
distributed, and the evening topped off
by a trip to the Varsity theatre.
Members of Sequoia Club held a "get
acquainted" Smoker last night. The
program started with wrestling matches,
recitations, songs and a bushel of
smokes. Tickets to the movies were
distributed, and the evening topped off
by a trip to the Varsity theatre.
Members of Sequoia Club held a "get
acquainted" Smoker last night. The
program started with wrestling matches,
recitations, songs and a bushel of
smokes. Tickets to the movies were
distributed, and the evening topped off
by a trip to the Varsity theatre.
