# DR. WILBUR TO SPEAK AT LITTLE THEATRE
## Proposed Vivisection Law and Public Health Lecture Topic 
### 
"Vivisection and Public Health" will
be the theme of the lecture at 7:30
this evening in the Little Theater, and
President Wilbur will be the speaker.
This subject is one which is arousing
a great deal of state-wide comment,
and the fact that the University of
California and Stanford University
have united in making a joint state
ment to the public of their condemna
tion of the measure, shows its im
portance. The abolishment of vivi
section will be voted upon in the form
of an amendment to the Constitution
of the State of California in the No
vember election.
Adherents of the measure claim that
it is for the purpose of abolishing
cruelty to animals. Its opponents,
however, have proved that wherever
any cruelty may take place it is at
once checked and the perpetrator is
punished. It is only very rarely that
such a thing occurs, as an anaesthetic
is always administered to the animrl
to be axamined.
Really injurious results are to be
expected if the measure goes through.
For instance, there could be r.o certi
fied milk as the cows could not be
inoculated with tuberculin to see
there is tuberculosis in the herd. This
would naturally result in the contrac
tion of this disease by human beings,
through the drinking of uncertified
milk. Another instance is that hogs
could not be examined for cholera,
and this disease would become wide
spread. A little intelligent thinking
upon the part of the people of this
state will show them the necessity of
defeating this measure, which is mere
ly being introduced here as a trial to
see how it succeeds before it is tried
in other states.
Hr. Wilbur, being a graduate of the
College of Medicile, and for years a
practicing physician is eminently well
studied to speak upon the subject and
those who hear him will receive valu
able information.
"Vivisection and Public Health" will
be the theme of the lecture at 7:30
this evening in the Little Theater, and
President Wilbur will be the speaker.
This subject is one which is arousing
a great deal of state-wide comment,
and the fact that the University of
California and Stanford University
have united in making a joint state
ment to the public of their condemna
tion of the measure, shows its im
portance. The abolishment of vivi
section will be voted upon in the form
of an amendment to the Constitution
of the State of California in the No
vember election.
Adherents of the measure claim that
it is for the purpose of abolishing
cruelty to animals. Its opponents,
however, have proved that wherever
any cruelty may take place it is at
once checked and the perpetrator is
punished. It is only very rarely that
such a thing occurs, as an anaesthetic
is always administered to the animrl
to be axamined.
Really injurious results are to be
expected if the measure goes through.
For instance, there could be r.o certi
fied milk as the cows could not be
inoculated with tuberculin to see
there is tuberculosis in the herd. This
would naturally result in the contrac
tion of this disease by human beings,
through the drinking of uncertified
milk. Another instance is that hogs
could not be examined for cholera,
and this disease would become wide
spread. A little intelligent thinking
upon the part of the people of this
state will show them the necessity of
defeating this measure, which is mere
ly being introduced here as a trial to
see how it succeeds before it is tried
in other states.
Hr. Wilbur, being a graduate of the
College of Medicile, and for years a
practicing physician is eminently well
studied to speak upon the subject and
those who hear him will receive valu
able information.
"Vivisection and Public Health" will
be the theme of the lecture at 7:30
this evening in the Little Theater, and
President Wilbur will be the speaker.
This subject is one which is arousing
a great deal of state-wide comment,
and the fact that the University of
California and Stanford University
have united in making a joint state
ment to the public of their condemna
tion of the measure, shows its im
portance. The abolishment of vivi
section will be voted upon in the form
of an amendment to the Constitution
of the State of California in the No
vember election.
Adherents of the measure claim that
it is for the purpose of abolishing
cruelty to animals. Its opponents,
however, have proved that wherever
any cruelty may take place it is at
once checked and the perpetrator is
punished. It is only very rarely that
such a thing occurs, as an anaesthetic
is always administered to the animrl
to be axamined.
Really injurious results are to be
expected if the measure goes through.
For instance, there could be r.o certi
fied milk as the cows could not be
inoculated with tuberculin to see
there is tuberculosis in the herd. This
would naturally result in the contrac
tion of this disease by human beings,
through the drinking of uncertified
milk. Another instance is that hogs
could not be examined for cholera,
and this disease would become wide
spread. A little intelligent thinking
upon the part of the people of this
state will show them the necessity of
defeating this measure, which is mere
ly being introduced here as a trial to
see how it succeeds before it is tried
in other states.
Hr. Wilbur, being a graduate of the
College of Medicile, and for years a
practicing physician is eminently well
studied to speak upon the subject and
those who hear him will receive valu
able information.
"Vivisection and Public Health" will
be the theme of the lecture at 7:30
this evening in the Little Theater, and
President Wilbur will be the speaker.
This subject is one which is arousing
a great deal of state-wide comment,
and the fact that the University of
California and Stanford University
have united in making a joint state
ment to the public of their condemna
tion of the measure, shows its im
portance. The abolishment of vivi
section will be voted upon in the form
of an amendment to the Constitution
of the State of California in the No
vember election.
Adherents of the measure claim that
it is for the purpose of abolishing
cruelty to animals. Its opponents,
however, have proved that wherever
any cruelty may take place it is at
once checked and the perpetrator is
punished. It is only very rarely that
such a thing occurs, as an anaesthetic
is always administered to the animrl
to be axamined.
Really injurious results are to be
expected if the measure goes through.
For instance, there could be r.o certi
fied milk as the cows could not be
inoculated with tuberculin to see
there is tuberculosis in the herd. This
would naturally result in the contrac
tion of this disease by human beings,
through the drinking of uncertified
milk. Another instance is that hogs
could not be examined for cholera,
and this disease would become wide
spread. A little intelligent thinking
upon the part of the people of this
state will show them the necessity of
defeating this measure, which is mere
ly being introduced here as a trial to
see how it succeeds before it is tried
in other states.
Hr. Wilbur, being a graduate of the
College of Medicile, and for years a
practicing physician is eminently well
studied to speak upon the subject and
those who hear him will receive valu
able information.
"Vivisection and Public Health" will
be the theme of the lecture at 7:30
this evening in the Little Theater, and
President Wilbur will be the speaker.
This subject is one which is arousing
a great deal of state-wide comment,
and the fact that the University of
California and Stanford University
have united in making a joint state
ment to the public of their condemna
tion of the measure, shows its im
portance. The abolishment of vivi
section will be voted upon in the form
of an amendment to the Constitution
of the State of California in the No
vember election.
Adherents of the measure claim that
it is for the purpose of abolishing
cruelty to animals. Its opponents,
however, have proved that wherever
any cruelty may take place it is at
once checked and the perpetrator is
punished. It is only very rarely that
such a thing occurs, as an anaesthetic
is always administered to the animrl
to be axamined.
Really injurious results are to be
expected if the measure goes through.
For instance, there could be r.o certi
fied milk as the cows could not be
inoculated with tuberculin to see
there is tuberculosis in the herd. This
would naturally result in the contrac
tion of this disease by human beings,
through the drinking of uncertified
milk. Another instance is that hogs
could not be examined for cholera,
and this disease would become wide
spread. A little intelligent thinking
upon the part of the people of this
state will show them the necessity of
defeating this measure, which is mere
ly being introduced here as a trial to
see how it succeeds before it is tried
in other states.
Hr. Wilbur, being a graduate of the
College of Medicile, and for years a
practicing physician is eminently well
studied to speak upon the subject and
those who hear him will receive valu
able information.
"Vivisection and Public Health" will
be the theme of the lecture at 7:30
this evening in the Little Theater, and
President Wilbur will be the speaker.
This subject is one which is arousing
a great deal of state-wide comment,
and the fact that the University of
California and Stanford University
have united in making a joint state
ment to the public of their condemna
tion of the measure, shows its im
portance. The abolishment of vivi
section will be voted upon in the form
of an amendment to the Constitution
of the State of California in the No
vember election.
Adherents of the measure claim that
it is for the purpose of abolishing
cruelty to animals. Its opponents,
however, have proved that wherever
any cruelty may take place it is at
once checked and the perpetrator is
punished. It is only very rarely that
such a thing occurs, as an anaesthetic
is always administered to the animrl
to be axamined.
Really injurious results are to be
expected if the measure goes through.
For instance, there could be r.o certi
fied milk as the cows could not be
inoculated with tuberculin to see
there is tuberculosis in the herd. This
would naturally result in the contrac
tion of this disease by human beings,
through the drinking of uncertified
milk. Another instance is that hogs
could not be examined for cholera,
and this disease would become wide
spread. A little intelligent thinking
upon the part of the people of this
state will show them the necessity of
defeating this measure, which is mere
ly being introduced here as a trial to
see how it succeeds before it is tried
in other states.
Hr. Wilbur, being a graduate of the
College of Medicile, and for years a
practicing physician is eminently well
studied to speak upon the subject and
those who hear him will receive valu
able information.
"Vivisection and Public Health" will
be the theme of the lecture at 7:30
this evening in the Little Theater, and
President Wilbur will be the speaker.
This subject is one which is arousing
a great deal of state-wide comment,
and the fact that the University of
California and Stanford University
have united in making a joint state
ment to the public of their condemna
tion of the measure, shows its im
portance. The abolishment of vivi
section will be voted upon in the form
of an amendment to the Constitution
of the State of California in the No
vember election.
Adherents of the measure claim that
it is for the purpose of abolishing
cruelty to animals. Its opponents,
however, have proved that wherever
any cruelty may take place it is at
once checked and the perpetrator is
punished. It is only very rarely that
such a thing occurs, as an anaesthetic
is always administered to the animrl
to be axamined.
Really injurious results are to be
expected if the measure goes through.
For instance, there could be r.o certi
fied milk as the cows could not be
inoculated with tuberculin to see
there is tuberculosis in the herd. This
would naturally result in the contrac
tion of this disease by human beings,
through the drinking of uncertified
milk. Another instance is that hogs
could not be examined for cholera,
and this disease would become wide
spread. A little intelligent thinking
upon the part of the people of this
state will show them the necessity of
defeating this measure, which is mere
ly being introduced here as a trial to
see how it succeeds before it is tried
in other states.
Hr. Wilbur, being a graduate of the
College of Medicile, and for years a
practicing physician is eminently well
studied to speak upon the subject and
those who hear him will receive valu
able information.
"Vivisection and Public Health" will
be the theme of the lecture at 7:30
this evening in the Little Theater, and
President Wilbur will be the speaker.
This subject is one which is arousing
a great deal of state-wide comment,
and the fact that the University of
California and Stanford University
have united in making a joint state
ment to the public of their condemna
tion of the measure, shows its im
portance. The abolishment of vivi
section will be voted upon in the form
of an amendment to the Constitution
of the State of California in the No
vember election.
Adherents of the measure claim that
it is for the purpose of abolishing
cruelty to animals. Its opponents,
however, have proved that wherever
any cruelty may take place it is at
once checked and the perpetrator is
punished. It is only very rarely that
such a thing occurs, as an anaesthetic
is always administered to the animrl
to be axamined.
Really injurious results are to be
expected if the measure goes through.
For instance, there could be r.o certi
fied milk as the cows could not be
inoculated with tuberculin to see
there is tuberculosis in the herd. This
would naturally result in the contrac
tion of this disease by human beings,
through the drinking of uncertified
milk. Another instance is that hogs
could not be examined for cholera,
and this disease would become wide
spread. A little intelligent thinking
upon the part of the people of this
state will show them the necessity of
defeating this measure, which is mere
ly being introduced here as a trial to
see how it succeeds before it is tried
in other states.
Hr. Wilbur, being a graduate of the
College of Medicile, and for years a
practicing physician is eminently well
studied to speak upon the subject and
those who hear him will receive valu
able information.
"Vivisection and Public Health" will
be the theme of the lecture at 7:30
this evening in the Little Theater, and
President Wilbur will be the speaker.
This subject is one which is arousing
a great deal of state-wide comment,
and the fact that the University of
California and Stanford University
have united in making a joint state
ment to the public of their condemna
tion of the measure, shows its im
portance. The abolishment of vivi
section will be voted upon in the form
of an amendment to the Constitution
of the State of California in the No
vember election.
Adherents of the measure claim that
it is for the purpose of abolishing
cruelty to animals. Its opponents,
however, have proved that wherever
any cruelty may take place it is at
once checked and the perpetrator is
punished. It is only very rarely that
such a thing occurs, as an anaesthetic
is always administered to the animrl
to be axamined.
Really injurious results are to be
expected if the measure goes through.
For instance, there could be r.o certi
fied milk as the cows could not be
inoculated with tuberculin to see
there is tuberculosis in the herd. This
would naturally result in the contrac
tion of this disease by human beings,
through the drinking of uncertified
milk. Another instance is that hogs
could not be examined for cholera,
and this disease would become wide
spread. A little intelligent thinking
upon the part of the people of this
state will show them the necessity of
defeating this measure, which is mere
ly being introduced here as a trial to
see how it succeeds before it is tried
in other states.
Hr. Wilbur, being a graduate of the
College of Medicile, and for years a
practicing physician is eminently well
studied to speak upon the subject and
those who hear him will receive valu
able information.
"Vivisection and Public Health" will
be the theme of the lecture at 7:30
this evening in the Little Theater, and
President Wilbur will be the speaker.
This subject is one which is arousing
a great deal of state-wide comment,
and the fact that the University of
California and Stanford University
have united in making a joint state
ment to the public of their condemna
tion of the measure, shows its im
portance. The abolishment of vivi
section will be voted upon in the form
of an amendment to the Constitution
of the State of California in the No
vember election.
Adherents of the measure claim that
it is for the purpose of abolishing
cruelty to animals. Its opponents,
however, have proved that wherever
any cruelty may take place it is at
once checked and the perpetrator is
punished. It is only very rarely that
such a thing occurs, as an anaesthetic
is always administered to the animrl
to be axamined.
Really injurious results are to be
expected if the measure goes through.
For instance, there could be r.o certi
fied milk as the cows could not be
inoculated with tuberculin to see
there is tuberculosis in the herd. This
would naturally result in the contrac
tion of this disease by human beings,
through the drinking of uncertified
milk. Another instance is that hogs
could not be examined for cholera,
and this disease would become wide
spread. A little intelligent thinking
upon the part of the people of this
state will show them the necessity of
defeating this measure, which is mere
ly being introduced here as a trial to
see how it succeeds before it is tried
in other states.
Hr. Wilbur, being a graduate of the
College of Medicile, and for years a
practicing physician is eminently well
studied to speak upon the subject and
those who hear him will receive valu
able information.
"Vivisection and Public Health" will
be the theme of the lecture at 7:30
this evening in the Little Theater, and
President Wilbur will be the speaker.
This subject is one which is arousing
a great deal of state-wide comment,
and the fact that the University of
California and Stanford University
have united in making a joint state
ment to the public of their condemna
tion of the measure, shows its im
portance. The abolishment of vivi
section will be voted upon in the form
of an amendment to the Constitution
of the State of California in the No
vember election.
Adherents of the measure claim that
it is for the purpose of abolishing
cruelty to animals. Its opponents,
however, have proved that wherever
any cruelty may take place it is at
once checked and the perpetrator is
punished. It is only very rarely that
such a thing occurs, as an anaesthetic
is always administered to the animrl
to be axamined.
Really injurious results are to be
expected if the measure goes through.
For instance, there could be r.o certi
fied milk as the cows could not be
inoculated with tuberculin to see
there is tuberculosis in the herd. This
would naturally result in the contrac
tion of this disease by human beings,
through the drinking of uncertified
milk. Another instance is that hogs
could not be examined for cholera,
and this disease would become wide
spread. A little intelligent thinking
upon the part of the people of this
state will show them the necessity of
defeating this measure, which is mere
ly being introduced here as a trial to
see how it succeeds before it is tried
in other states.
Hr. Wilbur, being a graduate of the
College of Medicile, and for years a
practicing physician is eminently well
studied to speak upon the subject and
those who hear him will receive valu
able information.
"Vivisection and Public Health" will
be the theme of the lecture at 7:30
this evening in the Little Theater, and
President Wilbur will be the speaker.
This subject is one which is arousing
a great deal of state-wide comment,
and the fact that the University of
California and Stanford University
have united in making a joint state
ment to the public of their condemna
tion of the measure, shows its im
portance. The abolishment of vivi
section will be voted upon in the form
of an amendment to the Constitution
of the State of California in the No
vember election.
Adherents of the measure claim that
it is for the purpose of abolishing
cruelty to animals. Its opponents,
however, have proved that wherever
any cruelty may take place it is at
once checked and the perpetrator is
punished. It is only very rarely that
such a thing occurs, as an anaesthetic
is always administered to the animrl
to be axamined.
Really injurious results are to be
expected if the measure goes through.
For instance, there could be r.o certi
fied milk as the cows could not be
inoculated with tuberculin to see
there is tuberculosis in the herd. This
would naturally result in the contrac
tion of this disease by human beings,
through the drinking of uncertified
milk. Another instance is that hogs
could not be examined for cholera,
and this disease would become wide
spread. A little intelligent thinking
upon the part of the people of this
state will show them the necessity of
defeating this measure, which is mere
ly being introduced here as a trial to
see how it succeeds before it is tried
in other states.
Hr. Wilbur, being a graduate of the
College of Medicile, and for years a
practicing physician is eminently well
studied to speak upon the subject and
those who hear him will receive valu
able information.
"Vivisection and Public Health" will
be the theme of the lecture at 7:30
this evening in the Little Theater, and
President Wilbur will be the speaker.
This subject is one which is arousing
a great deal of state-wide comment,
and the fact that the University of
California and Stanford University
have united in making a joint state
ment to the public of their condemna
tion of the measure, shows its im
portance. The abolishment of vivi
section will be voted upon in the form
of an amendment to the Constitution
of the State of California in the No
vember election.
Adherents of the measure claim that
it is for the purpose of abolishing
cruelty to animals. Its opponents,
however, have proved that wherever
any cruelty may take place it is at
once checked and the perpetrator is
punished. It is only very rarely that
such a thing occurs, as an anaesthetic
is always administered to the animrl
to be axamined.
Really injurious results are to be
expected if the measure goes through.
For instance, there could be r.o certi
fied milk as the cows could not be
inoculated with tuberculin to see
there is tuberculosis in the herd. This
would naturally result in the contrac
tion of this disease by human beings,
through the drinking of uncertified
milk. Another instance is that hogs
could not be examined for cholera,
and this disease would become wide
spread. A little intelligent thinking
upon the part of the people of this
state will show them the necessity of
defeating this measure, which is mere
ly being introduced here as a trial to
see how it succeeds before it is tried
in other states.
Hr. Wilbur, being a graduate of the
College of Medicile, and for years a
practicing physician is eminently well
studied to speak upon the subject and
those who hear him will receive valu
able information.
