# PROSPECTS FOR A SUCCESSFUL CAST IS VERY EVIDENT
## 
### 
Prospects for a successful cast in the
production of the Sword and Sandal's
play to be given November 5, are al
ready bright. Coach Gordon Davis ex
pects a large crowd of tryoutees tomor
row afternoon between 2 and 4 o'clock
and from 8 to 9 o'clock in the evening
Students who wish to tryout for the
play should not fail to see Davis at the
Assembly hall between these hours.
Anyone, except freshman women, is
eligible to tryout. By using this new
system many new people will be brought
before the campus in dramatics, who
may be termed as "dark horses."
Manuscripts of the three play from
which one will be picked from are ex
pected today or tomorrow. A decision
will be made promptly and rehearsals
started.
The manuscripts for the three plays
from which one will be chosen to be
produced by the society have arrived.
According to Coacli Davis all three of
them have a gre'kt number of women's
parts and co-eds with dramatic ability
will be in great demand.
As to the plays themselves, Davis is
greatly pleased with all three of them.
A decision on the one to be used, will
probably be made tomorrow.
Prospects for a successful cast in the
production of the Sword and Sandal's
play to be given November 5, are al
ready bright. Coach Gordon Davis ex
pects a large crowd of tryoutees tomor
row afternoon between 2 and 4 o'clock
and from 8 to 9 o'clock in the evening
Students who wish to tryout for the
play should not fail to see Davis at the
Assembly hall between these hours.
Anyone, except freshman women, is
eligible to tryout. By using this new
system many new people will be brought
before the campus in dramatics, who
may be termed as "dark horses."
Manuscripts of the three play from
which one will be picked from are ex
pected today or tomorrow. A decision
will be made promptly and rehearsals
started.
The manuscripts for the three plays
from which one will be chosen to be
produced by the society have arrived.
According to Coacli Davis all three of
them have a gre'kt number of women's
parts and co-eds with dramatic ability
will be in great demand.
As to the plays themselves, Davis is
greatly pleased with all three of them.
A decision on the one to be used, will
probably be made tomorrow.
Prospects for a successful cast in the
production of the Sword and Sandal's
play to be given November 5, are al
ready bright. Coach Gordon Davis ex
pects a large crowd of tryoutees tomor
row afternoon between 2 and 4 o'clock
and from 8 to 9 o'clock in the evening
Students who wish to tryout for the
play should not fail to see Davis at the
Assembly hall between these hours.
Anyone, except freshman women, is
eligible to tryout. By using this new
system many new people will be brought
before the campus in dramatics, who
may be termed as "dark horses."
Manuscripts of the three play from
which one will be picked from are ex
pected today or tomorrow. A decision
will be made promptly and rehearsals
started.
The manuscripts for the three plays
from which one will be chosen to be
produced by the society have arrived.
According to Coacli Davis all three of
them have a gre'kt number of women's
parts and co-eds with dramatic ability
will be in great demand.
As to the plays themselves, Davis is
greatly pleased with all three of them.
A decision on the one to be used, will
probably be made tomorrow.
Prospects for a successful cast in the
production of the Sword and Sandal's
play to be given November 5, are al
ready bright. Coach Gordon Davis ex
pects a large crowd of tryoutees tomor
row afternoon between 2 and 4 o'clock
and from 8 to 9 o'clock in the evening
Students who wish to tryout for the
play should not fail to see Davis at the
Assembly hall between these hours.
Anyone, except freshman women, is
eligible to tryout. By using this new
system many new people will be brought
before the campus in dramatics, who
may be termed as "dark horses."
Manuscripts of the three play from
which one will be picked from are ex
pected today or tomorrow. A decision
will be made promptly and rehearsals
started.
The manuscripts for the three plays
from which one will be chosen to be
produced by the society have arrived.
According to Coacli Davis all three of
them have a gre'kt number of women's
parts and co-eds with dramatic ability
will be in great demand.
As to the plays themselves, Davis is
greatly pleased with all three of them.
A decision on the one to be used, will
probably be made tomorrow.
Prospects for a successful cast in the
production of the Sword and Sandal's
play to be given November 5, are al
ready bright. Coach Gordon Davis ex
pects a large crowd of tryoutees tomor
row afternoon between 2 and 4 o'clock
and from 8 to 9 o'clock in the evening
Students who wish to tryout for the
play should not fail to see Davis at the
Assembly hall between these hours.
Anyone, except freshman women, is
eligible to tryout. By using this new
system many new people will be brought
before the campus in dramatics, who
may be termed as "dark horses."
Manuscripts of the three play from
which one will be picked from are ex
pected today or tomorrow. A decision
will be made promptly and rehearsals
started.
The manuscripts for the three plays
from which one will be chosen to be
produced by the society have arrived.
According to Coacli Davis all three of
them have a gre'kt number of women's
parts and co-eds with dramatic ability
will be in great demand.
As to the plays themselves, Davis is
greatly pleased with all three of them.
A decision on the one to be used, will
probably be made tomorrow.
Prospects for a successful cast in the
production of the Sword and Sandal's
play to be given November 5, are al
ready bright. Coach Gordon Davis ex
pects a large crowd of tryoutees tomor
row afternoon between 2 and 4 o'clock
and from 8 to 9 o'clock in the evening
Students who wish to tryout for the
play should not fail to see Davis at the
Assembly hall between these hours.
Anyone, except freshman women, is
eligible to tryout. By using this new
system many new people will be brought
before the campus in dramatics, who
may be termed as "dark horses."
Manuscripts of the three play from
which one will be picked from are ex
pected today or tomorrow. A decision
will be made promptly and rehearsals
started.
The manuscripts for the three plays
from which one will be chosen to be
produced by the society have arrived.
According to Coacli Davis all three of
them have a gre'kt number of women's
parts and co-eds with dramatic ability
will be in great demand.
As to the plays themselves, Davis is
greatly pleased with all three of them.
A decision on the one to be used, will
probably be made tomorrow.
Prospects for a successful cast in the
production of the Sword and Sandal's
play to be given November 5, are al
ready bright. Coach Gordon Davis ex
pects a large crowd of tryoutees tomor
row afternoon between 2 and 4 o'clock
and from 8 to 9 o'clock in the evening
Students who wish to tryout for the
play should not fail to see Davis at the
Assembly hall between these hours.
Anyone, except freshman women, is
eligible to tryout. By using this new
system many new people will be brought
before the campus in dramatics, who
may be termed as "dark horses."
Manuscripts of the three play from
which one will be picked from are ex
pected today or tomorrow. A decision
will be made promptly and rehearsals
started.
The manuscripts for the three plays
from which one will be chosen to be
produced by the society have arrived.
According to Coacli Davis all three of
them have a gre'kt number of women's
parts and co-eds with dramatic ability
will be in great demand.
As to the plays themselves, Davis is
greatly pleased with all three of them.
A decision on the one to be used, will
probably be made tomorrow.
Prospects for a successful cast in the
production of the Sword and Sandal's
play to be given November 5, are al
ready bright. Coach Gordon Davis ex
pects a large crowd of tryoutees tomor
row afternoon between 2 and 4 o'clock
and from 8 to 9 o'clock in the evening
Students who wish to tryout for the
play should not fail to see Davis at the
Assembly hall between these hours.
Anyone, except freshman women, is
eligible to tryout. By using this new
system many new people will be brought
before the campus in dramatics, who
may be termed as "dark horses."
Manuscripts of the three play from
which one will be picked from are ex
pected today or tomorrow. A decision
will be made promptly and rehearsals
started.
The manuscripts for the three plays
from which one will be chosen to be
produced by the society have arrived.
According to Coacli Davis all three of
them have a gre'kt number of women's
parts and co-eds with dramatic ability
will be in great demand.
As to the plays themselves, Davis is
greatly pleased with all three of them.
A decision on the one to be used, will
probably be made tomorrow.
Prospects for a successful cast in the
production of the Sword and Sandal's
play to be given November 5, are al
ready bright. Coach Gordon Davis ex
pects a large crowd of tryoutees tomor
row afternoon between 2 and 4 o'clock
and from 8 to 9 o'clock in the evening
Students who wish to tryout for the
play should not fail to see Davis at the
Assembly hall between these hours.
Anyone, except freshman women, is
eligible to tryout. By using this new
system many new people will be brought
before the campus in dramatics, who
may be termed as "dark horses."
Manuscripts of the three play from
which one will be picked from are ex
pected today or tomorrow. A decision
will be made promptly and rehearsals
started.
The manuscripts for the three plays
from which one will be chosen to be
produced by the society have arrived.
According to Coacli Davis all three of
them have a gre'kt number of women's
parts and co-eds with dramatic ability
will be in great demand.
As to the plays themselves, Davis is
greatly pleased with all three of them.
A decision on the one to be used, will
probably be made tomorrow.
Prospects for a successful cast in the
production of the Sword and Sandal's
play to be given November 5, are al
ready bright. Coach Gordon Davis ex
pects a large crowd of tryoutees tomor
row afternoon between 2 and 4 o'clock
and from 8 to 9 o'clock in the evening
Students who wish to tryout for the
play should not fail to see Davis at the
Assembly hall between these hours.
Anyone, except freshman women, is
eligible to tryout. By using this new
system many new people will be brought
before the campus in dramatics, who
may be termed as "dark horses."
Manuscripts of the three play from
which one will be picked from are ex
pected today or tomorrow. A decision
will be made promptly and rehearsals
started.
The manuscripts for the three plays
from which one will be chosen to be
produced by the society have arrived.
According to Coacli Davis all three of
them have a gre'kt number of women's
parts and co-eds with dramatic ability
will be in great demand.
As to the plays themselves, Davis is
greatly pleased with all three of them.
A decision on the one to be used, will
probably be made tomorrow.
Prospects for a successful cast in the
production of the Sword and Sandal's
play to be given November 5, are al
ready bright. Coach Gordon Davis ex
pects a large crowd of tryoutees tomor
row afternoon between 2 and 4 o'clock
and from 8 to 9 o'clock in the evening
Students who wish to tryout for the
play should not fail to see Davis at the
Assembly hall between these hours.
Anyone, except freshman women, is
eligible to tryout. By using this new
system many new people will be brought
before the campus in dramatics, who
may be termed as "dark horses."
Manuscripts of the three play from
which one will be picked from are ex
pected today or tomorrow. A decision
will be made promptly and rehearsals
started.
The manuscripts for the three plays
from which one will be chosen to be
produced by the society have arrived.
According to Coacli Davis all three of
them have a gre'kt number of women's
parts and co-eds with dramatic ability
will be in great demand.
As to the plays themselves, Davis is
greatly pleased with all three of them.
A decision on the one to be used, will
probably be made tomorrow.
Prospects for a successful cast in the
production of the Sword and Sandal's
play to be given November 5, are al
ready bright. Coach Gordon Davis ex
pects a large crowd of tryoutees tomor
row afternoon between 2 and 4 o'clock
and from 8 to 9 o'clock in the evening
Students who wish to tryout for the
play should not fail to see Davis at the
Assembly hall between these hours.
Anyone, except freshman women, is
eligible to tryout. By using this new
system many new people will be brought
before the campus in dramatics, who
may be termed as "dark horses."
Manuscripts of the three play from
which one will be picked from are ex
pected today or tomorrow. A decision
will be made promptly and rehearsals
started.
The manuscripts for the three plays
from which one will be chosen to be
produced by the society have arrived.
According to Coacli Davis all three of
them have a gre'kt number of women's
parts and co-eds with dramatic ability
will be in great demand.
As to the plays themselves, Davis is
greatly pleased with all three of them.
A decision on the one to be used, will
probably be made tomorrow.
Prospects for a successful cast in the
production of the Sword and Sandal's
play to be given November 5, are al
ready bright. Coach Gordon Davis ex
pects a large crowd of tryoutees tomor
row afternoon between 2 and 4 o'clock
and from 8 to 9 o'clock in the evening
Students who wish to tryout for the
play should not fail to see Davis at the
Assembly hall between these hours.
Anyone, except freshman women, is
eligible to tryout. By using this new
system many new people will be brought
before the campus in dramatics, who
may be termed as "dark horses."
Manuscripts of the three play from
which one will be picked from are ex
pected today or tomorrow. A decision
will be made promptly and rehearsals
started.
The manuscripts for the three plays
from which one will be chosen to be
produced by the society have arrived.
According to Coacli Davis all three of
them have a gre'kt number of women's
parts and co-eds with dramatic ability
will be in great demand.
As to the plays themselves, Davis is
greatly pleased with all three of them.
A decision on the one to be used, will
probably be made tomorrow.
