# JAPANESE-AMERICAN NEGOTIATIONS CONTINUE
## 
### United Press 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.â€”American
Ambassador Morris and Ambassador
Shidehara of Japan today continued ne
gotiations at the state department over
Japanese immigration and anti- Japan
ese legislation in California. While the
state department and the Japanese Em
bassy maintain the strictest secrecy, the
two countries were said to have reached
an understanding on general principles
and the negotiations were believed to be
progressing toward a settlement. It was
understood that Japan may take the po
sition that all laws discriminating
against her subjects such as the existing
anti-alien land law in California must be
wiped out. The proposed California law
for prohibition even of land leasing by
Japanese also would be included in this
demand.
