# PARADE PLANNED TO BOOST AMENDMENT
## 
### 
Plans for a mammoth parade for
Amendment 12 are being made by U.
C. students. The parade will be held
on the night of October 31, in San
Francisco.
According to the Daily Californian
with 4000 California undergraduates.
The parade will end at the Civic Cen
ter. A huge dance will be given in
the Exposition Auditorium, where
reasons for the passage of the bill
will be given.
The sophomores have erected a large
"12" on Charter Hill above the Big
"C", to advertise the campaign.
Plans for a mammoth parade for
Amendment 12 are being made by U.
C. students. The parade will be held
on the night of October 31, in San
Francisco.
According to the Daily Californian
with 4000 California undergraduates.
The parade will end at the Civic Cen
ter. A huge dance will be given in
the Exposition Auditorium, where
reasons for the passage of the bill
will be given.
The sophomores have erected a large
"12" on Charter Hill above the Big
"C", to advertise the campaign.
Plans for a mammoth parade for
Amendment 12 are being made by U.
C. students. The parade will be held
on the night of October 31, in San
Francisco.
According to the Daily Californian
with 4000 California undergraduates.
The parade will end at the Civic Cen
ter. A huge dance will be given in
the Exposition Auditorium, where
reasons for the passage of the bill
will be given.
The sophomores have erected a large
"12" on Charter Hill above the Big
"C", to advertise the campaign.
Plans for a mammoth parade for
Amendment 12 are being made by U.
C. students. The parade will be held
on the night of October 31, in San
Francisco.
According to the Daily Californian
with 4000 California undergraduates.
The parade will end at the Civic Cen
ter. A huge dance will be given in
the Exposition Auditorium, where
reasons for the passage of the bill
will be given.
The sophomores have erected a large
"12" on Charter Hill above the Big
"C", to advertise the campaign.
Plans for a mammoth parade for
Amendment 12 are being made by U.
C. students. The parade will be held
on the night of October 31, in San
Francisco.
According to the Daily Californian
with 4000 California undergraduates.
The parade will end at the Civic Cen
ter. A huge dance will be given in
the Exposition Auditorium, where
reasons for the passage of the bill
will be given.
The sophomores have erected a large
"12" on Charter Hill above the Big
"C", to advertise the campaign.
Plans for a mammoth parade for
Amendment 12 are being made by U.
C. students. The parade will be held
on the night of October 31, in San
Francisco.
According to the Daily Californian
with 4000 California undergraduates.
The parade will end at the Civic Cen
ter. A huge dance will be given in
the Exposition Auditorium, where
reasons for the passage of the bill
will be given.
The sophomores have erected a large
"12" on Charter Hill above the Big
"C", to advertise the campaign.
Plans for a mammoth parade for
Amendment 12 are being made by U.
C. students. The parade will be held
on the night of October 31, in San
Francisco.
According to the Daily Californian
with 4000 California undergraduates.
The parade will end at the Civic Cen
ter. A huge dance will be given in
the Exposition Auditorium, where
reasons for the passage of the bill
will be given.
The sophomores have erected a large
"12" on Charter Hill above the Big
"C", to advertise the campaign.
Plans for a mammoth parade for
Amendment 12 are being made by U.
C. students. The parade will be held
on the night of October 31, in San
Francisco.
According to the Daily Californian
with 4000 California undergraduates.
The parade will end at the Civic Cen
ter. A huge dance will be given in
the Exposition Auditorium, where
reasons for the passage of the bill
will be given.
The sophomores have erected a large
"12" on Charter Hill above the Big
"C", to advertise the campaign.
Plans for a mammoth parade for
Amendment 12 are being made by U.
C. students. The parade will be held
on the night of October 31, in San
Francisco.
According to the Daily Californian
with 4000 California undergraduates.
The parade will end at the Civic Cen
ter. A huge dance will be given in
the Exposition Auditorium, where
reasons for the passage of the bill
will be given.
The sophomores have erected a large
"12" on Charter Hill above the Big
"C", to advertise the campaign.
Plans for a mammoth parade for
Amendment 12 are being made by U.
C. students. The parade will be held
on the night of October 31, in San
Francisco.
According to the Daily Californian
with 4000 California undergraduates.
The parade will end at the Civic Cen
ter. A huge dance will be given in
the Exposition Auditorium, where
reasons for the passage of the bill
will be given.
The sophomores have erected a large
"12" on Charter Hill above the Big
"C", to advertise the campaign.
Plans for a mammoth parade for
Amendment 12 are being made by U.
C. students. The parade will be held
on the night of October 31, in San
Francisco.
According to the Daily Californian
with 4000 California undergraduates.
The parade will end at the Civic Cen
ter. A huge dance will be given in
the Exposition Auditorium, where
reasons for the passage of the bill
will be given.
The sophomores have erected a large
"12" on Charter Hill above the Big
"C", to advertise the campaign.
Plans for a mammoth parade for
Amendment 12 are being made by U.
C. students. The parade will be held
on the night of October 31, in San
Francisco.
According to the Daily Californian
with 4000 California undergraduates.
The parade will end at the Civic Cen
ter. A huge dance will be given in
the Exposition Auditorium, where
reasons for the passage of the bill
will be given.
The sophomores have erected a large
"12" on Charter Hill above the Big
"C", to advertise the campaign.
Plans for a mammoth parade for
Amendment 12 are being made by U.
C. students. The parade will be held
on the night of October 31, in San
Francisco.
According to the Daily Californian
with 4000 California undergraduates.
The parade will end at the Civic Cen
ter. A huge dance will be given in
the Exposition Auditorium, where
reasons for the passage of the bill
will be given.
The sophomores have erected a large
"12" on Charter Hill above the Big
"C", to advertise the campaign.
