# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Florence Moore Hall announces
tlie engagement of Sally Mrllen
ry, '58, to Kenneth Mackenzie,
Cal, '58.
Florence Moore Hall announces
tlie engagement of Sally Mrllen
ry, '58, to Kenneth Mackenzie,
Cal, '58.
Florence Moore Hall announces
tlie engagement of Sally Mrllen
ry, '58, to Kenneth Mackenzie,
Cal, '58.
Florence Moore Hall announces
tlie engagement of Sally Mrllen
ry, '58, to Kenneth Mackenzie,
Cal, '58.
Florence Moore Hall announces
tlie engagement of Sally Mrllen
ry, '58, to Kenneth Mackenzie,
Cal, '58.
Florence Moore Hall announces
tlie engagement of Sally Mrllen
ry, '58, to Kenneth Mackenzie,
Cal, '58.
Florence Moore Hall announces
tlie engagement of Sally Mrllen
ry, '58, to Kenneth Mackenzie,
Cal, '58.
Florence Moore Hall announces
tlie engagement of Sally Mrllen
ry, '58, to Kenneth Mackenzie,
Cal, '58.
Florence Moore Hall announces
tlie engagement of Sally Mrllen
ry, '58, to Kenneth Mackenzie,
Cal, '58.
Florence Moore Hall announces
tlie engagement of Sally Mrllen
ry, '58, to Kenneth Mackenzie,
Cal, '58.
Florence Moore Hall announces
tlie engagement of Sally Mrllen
ry, '58, to Kenneth Mackenzie,
Cal, '58.
Florence Moore Hall announces
tlie engagement of Sally Mrllen
ry, '58, to Kenneth Mackenzie,
Cal, '58.
Florence Moore Hall announces
tlie engagement of Sally Mrllen
ry, '58, to Kenneth Mackenzie,
Cal, '58.
Florence Moore Hall announces
tlie engagement of Sally Mrllen
ry, '58, to Kenneth Mackenzie,
Cal, '58.
Florence Moore Hall announces
tlie engagement of Sally Mrllen
ry, '58, to Kenneth Mackenzie,
Cal, '58.
