# Sign-ups for Intramural In School Gymnasium
## 
### 
Information regarding sign-up
procedure for men's fall quar
ter intramurals has been an
nounced by Elwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the intramural program.
The sign-up sheets, posted in
the gymnasium, will be available
until Tuesday, Oct. 2. If inter
ested in bowling, see Bugge in
room 354 at the gym, as space is
limited.
Information regarding sign-up
procedure for men's fall quar
ter intramurals has been an
nounced by Elwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the intramural program.
The sign-up sheets, posted in
the gymnasium, will be available
until Tuesday, Oct. 2. If inter
ested in bowling, see Bugge in
room 354 at the gym, as space is
limited.
Information regarding sign-up
procedure for men's fall quar
ter intramurals has been an
nounced by Elwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the intramural program.
The sign-up sheets, posted in
the gymnasium, will be available
until Tuesday, Oct. 2. If inter
ested in bowling, see Bugge in
room 354 at the gym, as space is
limited.
Information regarding sign-up
procedure for men's fall quar
ter intramurals has been an
nounced by Elwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the intramural program.
The sign-up sheets, posted in
the gymnasium, will be available
until Tuesday, Oct. 2. If inter
ested in bowling, see Bugge in
room 354 at the gym, as space is
limited.
Information regarding sign-up
procedure for men's fall quar
ter intramurals has been an
nounced by Elwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the intramural program.
The sign-up sheets, posted in
the gymnasium, will be available
until Tuesday, Oct. 2. If inter
ested in bowling, see Bugge in
room 354 at the gym, as space is
limited.
Information regarding sign-up
procedure for men's fall quar
ter intramurals has been an
nounced by Elwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the intramural program.
The sign-up sheets, posted in
the gymnasium, will be available
until Tuesday, Oct. 2. If inter
ested in bowling, see Bugge in
room 354 at the gym, as space is
limited.
Information regarding sign-up
procedure for men's fall quar
ter intramurals has been an
nounced by Elwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the intramural program.
The sign-up sheets, posted in
the gymnasium, will be available
until Tuesday, Oct. 2. If inter
ested in bowling, see Bugge in
room 354 at the gym, as space is
limited.
Information regarding sign-up
procedure for men's fall quar
ter intramurals has been an
nounced by Elwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the intramural program.
The sign-up sheets, posted in
the gymnasium, will be available
until Tuesday, Oct. 2. If inter
ested in bowling, see Bugge in
room 354 at the gym, as space is
limited.
Information regarding sign-up
procedure for men's fall quar
ter intramurals has been an
nounced by Elwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the intramural program.
The sign-up sheets, posted in
the gymnasium, will be available
until Tuesday, Oct. 2. If inter
ested in bowling, see Bugge in
room 354 at the gym, as space is
limited.
Information regarding sign-up
procedure for men's fall quar
ter intramurals has been an
nounced by Elwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the intramural program.
The sign-up sheets, posted in
the gymnasium, will be available
until Tuesday, Oct. 2. If inter
ested in bowling, see Bugge in
room 354 at the gym, as space is
limited.
Information regarding sign-up
procedure for men's fall quar
ter intramurals has been an
nounced by Elwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the intramural program.
The sign-up sheets, posted in
the gymnasium, will be available
until Tuesday, Oct. 2. If inter
ested in bowling, see Bugge in
room 354 at the gym, as space is
limited.
Information regarding sign-up
procedure for men's fall quar
ter intramurals has been an
nounced by Elwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the intramural program.
The sign-up sheets, posted in
the gymnasium, will be available
until Tuesday, Oct. 2. If inter
ested in bowling, see Bugge in
room 354 at the gym, as space is
limited.
Information regarding sign-up
procedure for men's fall quar
ter intramurals has been an
nounced by Elwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the intramural program.
The sign-up sheets, posted in
the gymnasium, will be available
until Tuesday, Oct. 2. If inter
ested in bowling, see Bugge in
room 354 at the gym, as space is
limited.
Information regarding sign-up
procedure for men's fall quar
ter intramurals has been an
nounced by Elwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the intramural program.
The sign-up sheets, posted in
the gymnasium, will be available
until Tuesday, Oct. 2. If inter
ested in bowling, see Bugge in
room 354 at the gym, as space is
limited.
Information regarding sign-up
procedure for men's fall quar
ter intramurals has been an
nounced by Elwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the intramural program.
The sign-up sheets, posted in
the gymnasium, will be available
until Tuesday, Oct. 2. If inter
ested in bowling, see Bugge in
room 354 at the gym, as space is
limited.
