# Untitled Article
## 
### 
With an acclamation of ap
proval, students hail the decision
of the authorities to allow the Pa
cific States Telephone & Telegraph
Company to continue its service on
the campus. A public station will
he established at the post office
building, phones in private houses
will remain, and new ones may he
added. We are again within
speaking distance of the outside
world.
Captain Fisher's call for a meet
ing of football candidates Monday
evening should bring out all who

intend to play this year. At Cali
fornia, our nearest and most in
tense rival, the season is now well i
under way. It is important for'
every man who has ever played, or
who has ever cared to play the
game, to turn out and assist in
building up our team.
