# Instruction Offered For Hard-of-Hearing
## 
### 
Hard of hearing students and staff
members interested in obtaining in
dividual or group instruction during
the summer quarter in lip reading
should get in touch with Dr. Hayes
Newby at the speech and hearing
clinic, room 15, Physical Education
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411. lo
cal 587.
Hard of hearing students and staff
members interested in obtaining in
dividual or group instruction during
the summer quarter in lip reading
should get in touch with Dr. Hayes
Newby at the speech and hearing
clinic, room 15, Physical Education
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411. lo
cal 587.
Hard of hearing students and staff
members interested in obtaining in
dividual or group instruction during
the summer quarter in lip reading
should get in touch with Dr. Hayes
Newby at the speech and hearing
clinic, room 15, Physical Education
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411. lo
cal 587.
Hard of hearing students and staff
members interested in obtaining in
dividual or group instruction during
the summer quarter in lip reading
should get in touch with Dr. Hayes
Newby at the speech and hearing
clinic, room 15, Physical Education
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411. lo
cal 587.
Hard of hearing students and staff
members interested in obtaining in
dividual or group instruction during
the summer quarter in lip reading
should get in touch with Dr. Hayes
Newby at the speech and hearing
clinic, room 15, Physical Education
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411. lo
cal 587.
Hard of hearing students and staff
members interested in obtaining in
dividual or group instruction during
the summer quarter in lip reading
should get in touch with Dr. Hayes
Newby at the speech and hearing
clinic, room 15, Physical Education
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411. lo
cal 587.
Hard of hearing students and staff
members interested in obtaining in
dividual or group instruction during
the summer quarter in lip reading
should get in touch with Dr. Hayes
Newby at the speech and hearing
clinic, room 15, Physical Education
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411. lo
cal 587.
Hard of hearing students and staff
members interested in obtaining in
dividual or group instruction during
the summer quarter in lip reading
should get in touch with Dr. Hayes
Newby at the speech and hearing
clinic, room 15, Physical Education
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411. lo
cal 587.
Hard of hearing students and staff
members interested in obtaining in
dividual or group instruction during
the summer quarter in lip reading
should get in touch with Dr. Hayes
Newby at the speech and hearing
clinic, room 15, Physical Education
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411. lo
cal 587.
Hard of hearing students and staff
members interested in obtaining in
dividual or group instruction during
the summer quarter in lip reading
should get in touch with Dr. Hayes
Newby at the speech and hearing
clinic, room 15, Physical Education
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411. lo
cal 587.
Hard of hearing students and staff
members interested in obtaining in
dividual or group instruction during
the summer quarter in lip reading
should get in touch with Dr. Hayes
Newby at the speech and hearing
clinic, room 15, Physical Education
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411. lo
cal 587.
Hard of hearing students and staff
members interested in obtaining in
dividual or group instruction during
the summer quarter in lip reading
should get in touch with Dr. Hayes
Newby at the speech and hearing
clinic, room 15, Physical Education
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411. lo
cal 587.
Hard of hearing students and staff
members interested in obtaining in
dividual or group instruction during
the summer quarter in lip reading
should get in touch with Dr. Hayes
Newby at the speech and hearing
clinic, room 15, Physical Education
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411. lo
cal 587.
Hard of hearing students and staff
members interested in obtaining in
dividual or group instruction during
the summer quarter in lip reading
should get in touch with Dr. Hayes
Newby at the speech and hearing
clinic, room 15, Physical Education
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411. lo
cal 587.
