# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Football was the only paying sport
at Penn State College during the
year 1928-29.
Football was the only paying sport
at Penn State College during the
year 1928-29.
Football was the only paying sport
at Penn State College during the
year 1928-29.
Football was the only paying sport
at Penn State College during the
year 1928-29.
Football was the only paying sport
at Penn State College during the
year 1928-29.
Football was the only paying sport
at Penn State College during the
year 1928-29.
Football was the only paying sport
at Penn State College during the
year 1928-29.
Football was the only paying sport
at Penn State College during the
year 1928-29.
Football was the only paying sport
at Penn State College during the
year 1928-29.
Football was the only paying sport
at Penn State College during the
year 1928-29.
Football was the only paying sport
at Penn State College during the
year 1928-29.
Football was the only paying sport
at Penn State College during the
year 1928-29.
Football was the only paying sport
at Penn State College during the
year 1928-29.
Football was the only paying sport
at Penn State College during the
year 1928-29.
