# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
iiiiiiiiiitiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiminiiiiiiiiiii
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 2n
7-Passengcr and 5-Passenger Touring ?
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE |
| * Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiniiiutniMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiimiiiiiMiiilMiniiiiiiiniiiiiiiinHiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiii,
iiiiiiiiiitiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiminiiiiiiiiiii
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 2n
7-Passengcr and 5-Passenger Touring ?
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE |
| * Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiniiiutniMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiimiiiiiMiiilMiniiiiiiiniiiiiiiinHiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiii,
iiiiiiiiiitiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiminiiiiiiiiiii
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 2n
7-Passengcr and 5-Passenger Touring ?
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE |
| * Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiniiiutniMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiimiiiiiMiiilMiniiiiiiiniiiiiiiinHiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiii,
iiiiiiiiiitiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiminiiiiiiiiiii
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 2n
7-Passengcr and 5-Passenger Touring ?
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE |
| * Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiniiiutniMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiimiiiiiMiiilMiniiiiiiiniiiiiiiinHiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiii,
iiiiiiiiiitiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiminiiiiiiiiiii
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 2n
7-Passengcr and 5-Passenger Touring ?
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE |
| * Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiniiiutniMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiimiiiiiMiiilMiniiiiiiiniiiiiiiinHiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiii,
iiiiiiiiiitiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiminiiiiiiiiiii
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 2n
7-Passengcr and 5-Passenger Touring ?
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE |
| * Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiniiiutniMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiimiiiiiMiiilMiniiiiiiiniiiiiiiinHiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiii,
iiiiiiiiiitiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiminiiiiiiiiiii
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 2n
7-Passengcr and 5-Passenger Touring ?
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE |
| * Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiniiiutniMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiimiiiiiMiiilMiniiiiiiiniiiiiiiinHiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiii,
iiiiiiiiiitiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiminiiiiiiiiiii
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 2n
7-Passengcr and 5-Passenger Touring ?
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE |
| * Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiniiiutniMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiimiiiiiMiiilMiniiiiiiiniiiiiiiinHiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiii,
iiiiiiiiiitiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiminiiiiiiiiiii
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 2n
7-Passengcr and 5-Passenger Touring ?
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE |
| * Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiniiiutniMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiimiiiiiMiiilMiniiiiiiiniiiiiiiinHiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiii,
iiiiiiiiiitiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiminiiiiiiiiiii
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 2n
7-Passengcr and 5-Passenger Touring ?
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE |
| * Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiniiiutniMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiimiiiiiMiiilMiniiiiiiiniiiiiiiinHiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiii,
iiiiiiiiiitiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiminiiiiiiiiiii
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 2n
7-Passengcr and 5-Passenger Touring ?
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE |
| * Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiniiiutniMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiimiiiiiMiiilMiniiiiiiiniiiiiiiinHiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiii,
iiiiiiiiiitiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiminiiiiiiiiiii
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 2n
7-Passengcr and 5-Passenger Touring ?
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE |
| * Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiniiiutniMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiimiiiiiMiiilMiniiiiiiiniiiiiiiinHiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiii,
iiiiiiiiiitiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiminiiiiiiiiiii
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 2n
7-Passengcr and 5-Passenger Touring ?
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE |
| * Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiniiiutniMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiimiiiiiMiiilMiniiiiiiiniiiiiiiinHiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiii,
iiiiiiiiiitiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiminiiiiiiiiiii
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 2n
7-Passengcr and 5-Passenger Touring ?
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE |
| * Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiniiiutniMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiimiiiiiMiiilMiniiiiiiiniiiiiiiinHiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiii,
