# Summer Biological Lab Plans Extended Session
## 
### 
Since the present site of the Stan
ford Biological Laboratory at Pacific
Grove has been found inadequate in
some respects, a new location is being
considered and investigations are
being made toward that end. A larger
tract of beach than that now avail
able, is desired, and those in charge
believe that better work icould be
done if the laboratory were farther
removed from the amusement center
of town. If the present plans for a
continuous four-quarter year go into
effect, Dr. Wilbur said today, an en
tire summer of biology, at least, will
be given at Pacific Grove. It is pos
sible that other subjects will be of
fered there, also, during the coming
session.
Since the present site of the Stan
ford Biological Laboratory at Pacific
Grove has been found inadequate in
some respects, a new location is being
considered and investigations are
being made toward that end. A larger
tract of beach than that now avail
able, is desired, and those in charge
believe that better work icould be
done if the laboratory were farther
removed from the amusement center
of town. If the present plans for a
continuous four-quarter year go into
effect, Dr. Wilbur said today, an en
tire summer of biology, at least, will
be given at Pacific Grove. It is pos
sible that other subjects will be of
fered there, also, during the coming
session.
Since the present site of the Stan
ford Biological Laboratory at Pacific
Grove has been found inadequate in
some respects, a new location is being
considered and investigations are
being made toward that end. A larger
tract of beach than that now avail
able, is desired, and those in charge
believe that better work icould be
done if the laboratory were farther
removed from the amusement center
of town. If the present plans for a
continuous four-quarter year go into
effect, Dr. Wilbur said today, an en
tire summer of biology, at least, will
be given at Pacific Grove. It is pos
sible that other subjects will be of
fered there, also, during the coming
session.
Since the present site of the Stan
ford Biological Laboratory at Pacific
Grove has been found inadequate in
some respects, a new location is being
considered and investigations are
being made toward that end. A larger
tract of beach than that now avail
able, is desired, and those in charge
believe that better work icould be
done if the laboratory were farther
removed from the amusement center
of town. If the present plans for a
continuous four-quarter year go into
effect, Dr. Wilbur said today, an en
tire summer of biology, at least, will
be given at Pacific Grove. It is pos
sible that other subjects will be of
fered there, also, during the coming
session.
Since the present site of the Stan
ford Biological Laboratory at Pacific
Grove has been found inadequate in
some respects, a new location is being
considered and investigations are
being made toward that end. A larger
tract of beach than that now avail
able, is desired, and those in charge
believe that better work icould be
done if the laboratory were farther
removed from the amusement center
of town. If the present plans for a
continuous four-quarter year go into
effect, Dr. Wilbur said today, an en
tire summer of biology, at least, will
be given at Pacific Grove. It is pos
sible that other subjects will be of
fered there, also, during the coming
session.
Since the present site of the Stan
ford Biological Laboratory at Pacific
Grove has been found inadequate in
some respects, a new location is being
considered and investigations are
being made toward that end. A larger
tract of beach than that now avail
able, is desired, and those in charge
believe that better work icould be
done if the laboratory were farther
removed from the amusement center
of town. If the present plans for a
continuous four-quarter year go into
effect, Dr. Wilbur said today, an en
tire summer of biology, at least, will
be given at Pacific Grove. It is pos
sible that other subjects will be of
fered there, also, during the coming
session.
Since the present site of the Stan
ford Biological Laboratory at Pacific
Grove has been found inadequate in
some respects, a new location is being
considered and investigations are
being made toward that end. A larger
tract of beach than that now avail
able, is desired, and those in charge
believe that better work icould be
done if the laboratory were farther
removed from the amusement center
of town. If the present plans for a
continuous four-quarter year go into
effect, Dr. Wilbur said today, an en
tire summer of biology, at least, will
be given at Pacific Grove. It is pos
sible that other subjects will be of
fered there, also, during the coming
session.
Since the present site of the Stan
ford Biological Laboratory at Pacific
Grove has been found inadequate in
some respects, a new location is being
considered and investigations are
being made toward that end. A larger
tract of beach than that now avail
able, is desired, and those in charge
believe that better work icould be
done if the laboratory were farther
removed from the amusement center
of town. If the present plans for a
continuous four-quarter year go into
effect, Dr. Wilbur said today, an en
tire summer of biology, at least, will
be given at Pacific Grove. It is pos
sible that other subjects will be of
fered there, also, during the coming
session.
Since the present site of the Stan
ford Biological Laboratory at Pacific
Grove has been found inadequate in
some respects, a new location is being
considered and investigations are
being made toward that end. A larger
tract of beach than that now avail
able, is desired, and those in charge
believe that better work icould be
done if the laboratory were farther
removed from the amusement center
of town. If the present plans for a
continuous four-quarter year go into
effect, Dr. Wilbur said today, an en
tire summer of biology, at least, will
be given at Pacific Grove. It is pos
sible that other subjects will be of
fered there, also, during the coming
session.
Since the present site of the Stan
ford Biological Laboratory at Pacific
Grove has been found inadequate in
some respects, a new location is being
considered and investigations are
being made toward that end. A larger
tract of beach than that now avail
able, is desired, and those in charge
believe that better work icould be
done if the laboratory were farther
removed from the amusement center
of town. If the present plans for a
continuous four-quarter year go into
effect, Dr. Wilbur said today, an en
tire summer of biology, at least, will
be given at Pacific Grove. It is pos
sible that other subjects will be of
fered there, also, during the coming
session.
Since the present site of the Stan
ford Biological Laboratory at Pacific
Grove has been found inadequate in
some respects, a new location is being
considered and investigations are
being made toward that end. A larger
tract of beach than that now avail
able, is desired, and those in charge
believe that better work icould be
done if the laboratory were farther
removed from the amusement center
of town. If the present plans for a
continuous four-quarter year go into
effect, Dr. Wilbur said today, an en
tire summer of biology, at least, will
be given at Pacific Grove. It is pos
sible that other subjects will be of
fered there, also, during the coming
session.
Since the present site of the Stan
ford Biological Laboratory at Pacific
Grove has been found inadequate in
some respects, a new location is being
considered and investigations are
being made toward that end. A larger
tract of beach than that now avail
able, is desired, and those in charge
believe that better work icould be
done if the laboratory were farther
removed from the amusement center
of town. If the present plans for a
continuous four-quarter year go into
effect, Dr. Wilbur said today, an en
tire summer of biology, at least, will
be given at Pacific Grove. It is pos
sible that other subjects will be of
fered there, also, during the coming
session.
Since the present site of the Stan
ford Biological Laboratory at Pacific
Grove has been found inadequate in
some respects, a new location is being
considered and investigations are
being made toward that end. A larger
tract of beach than that now avail
able, is desired, and those in charge
believe that better work icould be
done if the laboratory were farther
removed from the amusement center
of town. If the present plans for a
continuous four-quarter year go into
effect, Dr. Wilbur said today, an en
tire summer of biology, at least, will
be given at Pacific Grove. It is pos
sible that other subjects will be of
fered there, also, during the coming
session.
Since the present site of the Stan
ford Biological Laboratory at Pacific
Grove has been found inadequate in
some respects, a new location is being
considered and investigations are
being made toward that end. A larger
tract of beach than that now avail
able, is desired, and those in charge
believe that better work icould be
done if the laboratory were farther
removed from the amusement center
of town. If the present plans for a
continuous four-quarter year go into
effect, Dr. Wilbur said today, an en
tire summer of biology, at least, will
be given at Pacific Grove. It is pos
sible that other subjects will be of
fered there, also, during the coming
session.
