# SATURDAY'S SPORT CALENDAR.
## 
### 
10 a.m. Third varsity rugby squad
vs. Fourth varsity.
1:30 p.m. Freshmen vs. San Fran
cisco Polytechnic High school.
3:00 p.m. Varsity vs. Olympic Club
of San Francisco.
4:00 p.m. Second varsity vs. Insur
rectos.
10 a.m. Third varsity rugby squad
vs. Fourth varsity.
1:30 p.m. Freshmen vs. San Fran
cisco Polytechnic High school.
3:00 p.m. Varsity vs. Olympic Club
of San Francisco.
4:00 p.m. Second varsity vs. Insur
rectos.
10 a.m. Third varsity rugby squad
vs. Fourth varsity.
1:30 p.m. Freshmen vs. San Fran
cisco Polytechnic High school.
3:00 p.m. Varsity vs. Olympic Club
of San Francisco.
4:00 p.m. Second varsity vs. Insur
rectos.
10 a.m. Third varsity rugby squad
vs. Fourth varsity.
1:30 p.m. Freshmen vs. San Fran
cisco Polytechnic High school.
3:00 p.m. Varsity vs. Olympic Club
of San Francisco.
4:00 p.m. Second varsity vs. Insur
rectos.
10 a.m. Third varsity rugby squad
vs. Fourth varsity.
1:30 p.m. Freshmen vs. San Fran
cisco Polytechnic High school.
3:00 p.m. Varsity vs. Olympic Club
of San Francisco.
4:00 p.m. Second varsity vs. Insur
rectos.
10 a.m. Third varsity rugby squad
vs. Fourth varsity.
1:30 p.m. Freshmen vs. San Fran
cisco Polytechnic High school.
3:00 p.m. Varsity vs. Olympic Club
of San Francisco.
4:00 p.m. Second varsity vs. Insur
rectos.
10 a.m. Third varsity rugby squad
vs. Fourth varsity.
1:30 p.m. Freshmen vs. San Fran
cisco Polytechnic High school.
3:00 p.m. Varsity vs. Olympic Club
of San Francisco.
4:00 p.m. Second varsity vs. Insur
rectos.
10 a.m. Third varsity rugby squad
vs. Fourth varsity.
1:30 p.m. Freshmen vs. San Fran
cisco Polytechnic High school.
3:00 p.m. Varsity vs. Olympic Club
of San Francisco.
4:00 p.m. Second varsity vs. Insur
rectos.
10 a.m. Third varsity rugby squad
vs. Fourth varsity.
1:30 p.m. Freshmen vs. San Fran
cisco Polytechnic High school.
3:00 p.m. Varsity vs. Olympic Club
of San Francisco.
4:00 p.m. Second varsity vs. Insur
rectos.
10 a.m. Third varsity rugby squad
vs. Fourth varsity.
1:30 p.m. Freshmen vs. San Fran
cisco Polytechnic High school.
3:00 p.m. Varsity vs. Olympic Club
of San Francisco.
4:00 p.m. Second varsity vs. Insur
rectos.
10 a.m. Third varsity rugby squad
vs. Fourth varsity.
1:30 p.m. Freshmen vs. San Fran
cisco Polytechnic High school.
3:00 p.m. Varsity vs. Olympic Club
of San Francisco.
4:00 p.m. Second varsity vs. Insur
rectos.
10 a.m. Third varsity rugby squad
vs. Fourth varsity.
1:30 p.m. Freshmen vs. San Fran
cisco Polytechnic High school.
3:00 p.m. Varsity vs. Olympic Club
of San Francisco.
4:00 p.m. Second varsity vs. Insur
rectos.
10 a.m. Third varsity rugby squad
vs. Fourth varsity.
1:30 p.m. Freshmen vs. San Fran
cisco Polytechnic High school.
3:00 p.m. Varsity vs. Olympic Club
of San Francisco.
4:00 p.m. Second varsity vs. Insur
rectos.
10 a.m. Third varsity rugby squad
vs. Fourth varsity.
1:30 p.m. Freshmen vs. San Fran
cisco Polytechnic High school.
3:00 p.m. Varsity vs. Olympic Club
of San Francisco.
4:00 p.m. Second varsity vs. Insur
rectos.
