# Untitled Article
## 
### 

COL. CHANG YA-MIN, former chief of the Shanghai Garrison economic
affairs section (center, rope around his neck), drank Chinese
wine before he was shot by a firing squad near Shanghai. He was
convicted on corruption chargcs. ((/P) YVirephoto)

COL. CHANG YA-MIN, former chief of the Shanghai Garrison economic
affairs section (center, rope around his neck), drank Chinese
wine before he was shot by a firing squad near Shanghai. He was
convicted on corruption chargcs. ((/P) YVirephoto)

COL. CHANG YA-MIN, former chief of the Shanghai Garrison economic
affairs section (center, rope around his neck), drank Chinese
wine before he was shot by a firing squad near Shanghai. He was
convicted on corruption chargcs. ((/P) YVirephoto)

COL. CHANG YA-MIN, former chief of the Shanghai Garrison economic
affairs section (center, rope around his neck), drank Chinese
wine before he was shot by a firing squad near Shanghai. He was
convicted on corruption chargcs. ((/P) YVirephoto)

COL. CHANG YA-MIN, former chief of the Shanghai Garrison economic
affairs section (center, rope around his neck), drank Chinese
wine before he was shot by a firing squad near Shanghai. He was
convicted on corruption chargcs. ((/P) YVirephoto)

COL. CHANG YA-MIN, former chief of the Shanghai Garrison economic
affairs section (center, rope around his neck), drank Chinese
wine before he was shot by a firing squad near Shanghai. He was
convicted on corruption chargcs. ((/P) YVirephoto)

COL. CHANG YA-MIN, former chief of the Shanghai Garrison economic
affairs section (center, rope around his neck), drank Chinese
wine before he was shot by a firing squad near Shanghai. He was
convicted on corruption chargcs. ((/P) YVirephoto)

COL. CHANG YA-MIN, former chief of the Shanghai Garrison economic
affairs section (center, rope around his neck), drank Chinese
wine before he was shot by a firing squad near Shanghai. He was
convicted on corruption chargcs. ((/P) YVirephoto)

COL. CHANG YA-MIN, former chief of the Shanghai Garrison economic
affairs section (center, rope around his neck), drank Chinese
wine before he was shot by a firing squad near Shanghai. He was
convicted on corruption chargcs. ((/P) YVirephoto)

COL. CHANG YA-MIN, former chief of the Shanghai Garrison economic
affairs section (center, rope around his neck), drank Chinese
wine before he was shot by a firing squad near Shanghai. He was
convicted on corruption chargcs. ((/P) YVirephoto)

COL. CHANG YA-MIN, former chief of the Shanghai Garrison economic
affairs section (center, rope around his neck), drank Chinese
wine before he was shot by a firing squad near Shanghai. He was
convicted on corruption chargcs. ((/P) YVirephoto)

COL. CHANG YA-MIN, former chief of the Shanghai Garrison economic
affairs section (center, rope around his neck), drank Chinese
wine before he was shot by a firing squad near Shanghai. He was
convicted on corruption chargcs. ((/P) YVirephoto)

COL. CHANG YA-MIN, former chief of the Shanghai Garrison economic
affairs section (center, rope around his neck), drank Chinese
wine before he was shot by a firing squad near Shanghai. He was
convicted on corruption chargcs. ((/P) YVirephoto)

COL. CHANG YA-MIN, former chief of the Shanghai Garrison economic
affairs section (center, rope around his neck), drank Chinese
wine before he was shot by a firing squad near Shanghai. He was
convicted on corruption chargcs. ((/P) YVirephoto)

COL. CHANG YA-MIN, former chief of the Shanghai Garrison economic
affairs section (center, rope around his neck), drank Chinese
wine before he was shot by a firing squad near Shanghai. He was
convicted on corruption chargcs. ((/P) YVirephoto)

COL. CHANG YA-MIN, former chief of the Shanghai Garrison economic
affairs section (center, rope around his neck), drank Chinese
wine before he was shot by a firing squad near Shanghai. He was
convicted on corruption chargcs. ((/P) YVirephoto)
