# Radio Club Calls For New Members
## 
### 
Students and faculty interested
in amateur radio work are invited
to attend the first meeting of the
Stanford Radio Club tonight at 7:30
in room 283, Engineering corner.
Members of the club have built
and now operate two short-wave
stations on the campus. With these
stations they stand ready to pro
vide emergency radiotelephone or
radiotelegraph communication to
any point in the world, when recep
tion conditions are satisfactory.
Last autumn the club arranged
without charge for an Argentine
student to talk directly with his
family in Buenos Aires concerning
a serious personal problem.
Professor O. G. Villard Jr., the
club sponsor, emphasized that all
those interested in joining should
come to this first meeting of the
season.
Students and faculty interested
in amateur radio work are invited
to attend the first meeting of the
Stanford Radio Club tonight at 7:30
in room 283, Engineering corner.
Members of the club have built
and now operate two short-wave
stations on the campus. With these
stations they stand ready to pro
vide emergency radiotelephone or
radiotelegraph communication to
any point in the world, when recep
tion conditions are satisfactory.
Last autumn the club arranged
without charge for an Argentine
student to talk directly with his
family in Buenos Aires concerning
a serious personal problem.
Professor O. G. Villard Jr., the
club sponsor, emphasized that all
those interested in joining should
come to this first meeting of the
season.
Students and faculty interested
in amateur radio work are invited
to attend the first meeting of the
Stanford Radio Club tonight at 7:30
in room 283, Engineering corner.
Members of the club have built
and now operate two short-wave
stations on the campus. With these
stations they stand ready to pro
vide emergency radiotelephone or
radiotelegraph communication to
any point in the world, when recep
tion conditions are satisfactory.
Last autumn the club arranged
without charge for an Argentine
student to talk directly with his
family in Buenos Aires concerning
a serious personal problem.
Professor O. G. Villard Jr., the
club sponsor, emphasized that all
those interested in joining should
come to this first meeting of the
season.
Students and faculty interested
in amateur radio work are invited
to attend the first meeting of the
Stanford Radio Club tonight at 7:30
in room 283, Engineering corner.
Members of the club have built
and now operate two short-wave
stations on the campus. With these
stations they stand ready to pro
vide emergency radiotelephone or
radiotelegraph communication to
any point in the world, when recep
tion conditions are satisfactory.
Last autumn the club arranged
without charge for an Argentine
student to talk directly with his
family in Buenos Aires concerning
a serious personal problem.
Professor O. G. Villard Jr., the
club sponsor, emphasized that all
those interested in joining should
come to this first meeting of the
season.
Students and faculty interested
in amateur radio work are invited
to attend the first meeting of the
Stanford Radio Club tonight at 7:30
in room 283, Engineering corner.
Members of the club have built
and now operate two short-wave
stations on the campus. With these
stations they stand ready to pro
vide emergency radiotelephone or
radiotelegraph communication to
any point in the world, when recep
tion conditions are satisfactory.
Last autumn the club arranged
without charge for an Argentine
student to talk directly with his
family in Buenos Aires concerning
a serious personal problem.
Professor O. G. Villard Jr., the
club sponsor, emphasized that all
those interested in joining should
come to this first meeting of the
season.
Students and faculty interested
in amateur radio work are invited
to attend the first meeting of the
Stanford Radio Club tonight at 7:30
in room 283, Engineering corner.
Members of the club have built
and now operate two short-wave
stations on the campus. With these
stations they stand ready to pro
vide emergency radiotelephone or
radiotelegraph communication to
any point in the world, when recep
tion conditions are satisfactory.
Last autumn the club arranged
without charge for an Argentine
student to talk directly with his
family in Buenos Aires concerning
a serious personal problem.
Professor O. G. Villard Jr., the
club sponsor, emphasized that all
those interested in joining should
come to this first meeting of the
season.
Students and faculty interested
in amateur radio work are invited
to attend the first meeting of the
Stanford Radio Club tonight at 7:30
in room 283, Engineering corner.
Members of the club have built
and now operate two short-wave
stations on the campus. With these
stations they stand ready to pro
vide emergency radiotelephone or
radiotelegraph communication to
any point in the world, when recep
tion conditions are satisfactory.
Last autumn the club arranged
without charge for an Argentine
student to talk directly with his
family in Buenos Aires concerning
a serious personal problem.
Professor O. G. Villard Jr., the
club sponsor, emphasized that all
those interested in joining should
come to this first meeting of the
season.
Students and faculty interested
in amateur radio work are invited
to attend the first meeting of the
Stanford Radio Club tonight at 7:30
in room 283, Engineering corner.
Members of the club have built
and now operate two short-wave
stations on the campus. With these
stations they stand ready to pro
vide emergency radiotelephone or
radiotelegraph communication to
any point in the world, when recep
tion conditions are satisfactory.
Last autumn the club arranged
without charge for an Argentine
student to talk directly with his
family in Buenos Aires concerning
a serious personal problem.
Professor O. G. Villard Jr., the
club sponsor, emphasized that all
those interested in joining should
come to this first meeting of the
season.
Students and faculty interested
in amateur radio work are invited
to attend the first meeting of the
Stanford Radio Club tonight at 7:30
in room 283, Engineering corner.
Members of the club have built
and now operate two short-wave
stations on the campus. With these
stations they stand ready to pro
vide emergency radiotelephone or
radiotelegraph communication to
any point in the world, when recep
tion conditions are satisfactory.
Last autumn the club arranged
without charge for an Argentine
student to talk directly with his
family in Buenos Aires concerning
a serious personal problem.
Professor O. G. Villard Jr., the
club sponsor, emphasized that all
those interested in joining should
come to this first meeting of the
season.
Students and faculty interested
in amateur radio work are invited
to attend the first meeting of the
Stanford Radio Club tonight at 7:30
in room 283, Engineering corner.
Members of the club have built
and now operate two short-wave
stations on the campus. With these
stations they stand ready to pro
vide emergency radiotelephone or
radiotelegraph communication to
any point in the world, when recep
tion conditions are satisfactory.
Last autumn the club arranged
without charge for an Argentine
student to talk directly with his
family in Buenos Aires concerning
a serious personal problem.
Professor O. G. Villard Jr., the
club sponsor, emphasized that all
those interested in joining should
come to this first meeting of the
season.
Students and faculty interested
in amateur radio work are invited
to attend the first meeting of the
Stanford Radio Club tonight at 7:30
in room 283, Engineering corner.
Members of the club have built
and now operate two short-wave
stations on the campus. With these
stations they stand ready to pro
vide emergency radiotelephone or
radiotelegraph communication to
any point in the world, when recep
tion conditions are satisfactory.
Last autumn the club arranged
without charge for an Argentine
student to talk directly with his
family in Buenos Aires concerning
a serious personal problem.
Professor O. G. Villard Jr., the
club sponsor, emphasized that all
those interested in joining should
come to this first meeting of the
season.
Students and faculty interested
in amateur radio work are invited
to attend the first meeting of the
Stanford Radio Club tonight at 7:30
in room 283, Engineering corner.
Members of the club have built
and now operate two short-wave
stations on the campus. With these
stations they stand ready to pro
vide emergency radiotelephone or
radiotelegraph communication to
any point in the world, when recep
tion conditions are satisfactory.
Last autumn the club arranged
without charge for an Argentine
student to talk directly with his
family in Buenos Aires concerning
a serious personal problem.
Professor O. G. Villard Jr., the
club sponsor, emphasized that all
those interested in joining should
come to this first meeting of the
season.
Students and faculty interested
in amateur radio work are invited
to attend the first meeting of the
Stanford Radio Club tonight at 7:30
in room 283, Engineering corner.
Members of the club have built
and now operate two short-wave
stations on the campus. With these
stations they stand ready to pro
vide emergency radiotelephone or
radiotelegraph communication to
any point in the world, when recep
tion conditions are satisfactory.
Last autumn the club arranged
without charge for an Argentine
student to talk directly with his
family in Buenos Aires concerning
a serious personal problem.
Professor O. G. Villard Jr., the
club sponsor, emphasized that all
those interested in joining should
come to this first meeting of the
season.
Students and faculty interested
in amateur radio work are invited
to attend the first meeting of the
Stanford Radio Club tonight at 7:30
in room 283, Engineering corner.
Members of the club have built
and now operate two short-wave
stations on the campus. With these
stations they stand ready to pro
vide emergency radiotelephone or
radiotelegraph communication to
any point in the world, when recep
tion conditions are satisfactory.
Last autumn the club arranged
without charge for an Argentine
student to talk directly with his
family in Buenos Aires concerning
a serious personal problem.
Professor O. G. Villard Jr., the
club sponsor, emphasized that all
those interested in joining should
come to this first meeting of the
season.
Students and faculty interested
in amateur radio work are invited
to attend the first meeting of the
Stanford Radio Club tonight at 7:30
in room 283, Engineering corner.
Members of the club have built
and now operate two short-wave
stations on the campus. With these
stations they stand ready to pro
vide emergency radiotelephone or
radiotelegraph communication to
any point in the world, when recep
tion conditions are satisfactory.
Last autumn the club arranged
without charge for an Argentine
student to talk directly with his
family in Buenos Aires concerning
a serious personal problem.
Professor O. G. Villard Jr., the
club sponsor, emphasized that all
those interested in joining should
come to this first meeting of the
season.
Students and faculty interested
in amateur radio work are invited
to attend the first meeting of the
Stanford Radio Club tonight at 7:30
in room 283, Engineering corner.
Members of the club have built
and now operate two short-wave
stations on the campus. With these
stations they stand ready to pro
vide emergency radiotelephone or
radiotelegraph communication to
any point in the world, when recep
tion conditions are satisfactory.
Last autumn the club arranged
without charge for an Argentine
student to talk directly with his
family in Buenos Aires concerning
a serious personal problem.
Professor O. G. Villard Jr., the
club sponsor, emphasized that all
those interested in joining should
come to this first meeting of the
season.
