# Lagunita Thanks A-Fair Workers
## 
### 
To the Editor:
On behalf of the girls at Lagunita
Court, we should like to thank the
many people who contributed to the
success of the "International A-
Fair." Although the plans were in
itiated at Lagunita, the A - Fair
could not have materialized with
out the enthusiasm and response of
the whole campus.
We are grateful to The Daily for
its effective publicity, to the for
eign students for their advice on
the decorations and costumes, and
to all students who so generouly
gave gifts, time, and talent.
One of the most interesting and
enjoyable aspects of the planning
was our contact with members of
the faculty and administration who
were always most encouraging and
helpful. As other campus groups
schedule their social calendars
throughout the year, we hope that
student-faculty functions will be
come more and more a part of our
campus life.
As soon as our financial account
ing has been completed, we shall
make a report to the campus.
MARJO LANGRELL
EKNA RADALJ
