# Bawlout Scheduled For Sale Next Week
## 
### 
Directory of Officers and Stu
dents, known as Rawlout, will be
available in about a week, an
nounced the Registrar's office.
Proofs are now in the Registrar's
office, and it depends on the press
when Rawlout will be ready.
Directory of Officers and Stu
dents, known as Rawlout, will be
available in about a week, an
nounced the Registrar's office.
Proofs are now in the Registrar's
office, and it depends on the press
when Rawlout will be ready.
Directory of Officers and Stu
dents, known as Rawlout, will be
available in about a week, an
nounced the Registrar's office.
Proofs are now in the Registrar's
office, and it depends on the press
when Rawlout will be ready.
Directory of Officers and Stu
dents, known as Rawlout, will be
available in about a week, an
nounced the Registrar's office.
Proofs are now in the Registrar's
office, and it depends on the press
when Rawlout will be ready.
Directory of Officers and Stu
dents, known as Rawlout, will be
available in about a week, an
nounced the Registrar's office.
Proofs are now in the Registrar's
office, and it depends on the press
when Rawlout will be ready.
Directory of Officers and Stu
dents, known as Rawlout, will be
available in about a week, an
nounced the Registrar's office.
Proofs are now in the Registrar's
office, and it depends on the press
when Rawlout will be ready.
Directory of Officers and Stu
dents, known as Rawlout, will be
available in about a week, an
nounced the Registrar's office.
Proofs are now in the Registrar's
office, and it depends on the press
when Rawlout will be ready.
Directory of Officers and Stu
dents, known as Rawlout, will be
available in about a week, an
nounced the Registrar's office.
Proofs are now in the Registrar's
office, and it depends on the press
when Rawlout will be ready.
Directory of Officers and Stu
dents, known as Rawlout, will be
available in about a week, an
nounced the Registrar's office.
Proofs are now in the Registrar's
office, and it depends on the press
when Rawlout will be ready.
Directory of Officers and Stu
dents, known as Rawlout, will be
available in about a week, an
nounced the Registrar's office.
Proofs are now in the Registrar's
office, and it depends on the press
when Rawlout will be ready.
Directory of Officers and Stu
dents, known as Rawlout, will be
available in about a week, an
nounced the Registrar's office.
Proofs are now in the Registrar's
office, and it depends on the press
when Rawlout will be ready.
Directory of Officers and Stu
dents, known as Rawlout, will be
available in about a week, an
nounced the Registrar's office.
Proofs are now in the Registrar's
office, and it depends on the press
when Rawlout will be ready.
Directory of Officers and Stu
dents, known as Rawlout, will be
available in about a week, an
nounced the Registrar's office.
Proofs are now in the Registrar's
office, and it depends on the press
when Rawlout will be ready.
Directory of Officers and Stu
dents, known as Rawlout, will be
available in about a week, an
nounced the Registrar's office.
Proofs are now in the Registrar's
office, and it depends on the press
when Rawlout will be ready.
Directory of Officers and Stu
dents, known as Rawlout, will be
available in about a week, an
nounced the Registrar's office.
Proofs are now in the Registrar's
office, and it depends on the press
when Rawlout will be ready.
