# KREPS ON LEAVE
## 
### 
Professor Theodore Krcps has
taken a leave of absence for the
winter quarter and is currently
working with a Congressional fact
finding board in Washington.
Professor Theodore Krcps has
taken a leave of absence for the
winter quarter and is currently
working with a Congressional fact
finding board in Washington.
Professor Theodore Krcps has
taken a leave of absence for the
winter quarter and is currently
working with a Congressional fact
finding board in Washington.
Professor Theodore Krcps has
taken a leave of absence for the
winter quarter and is currently
working with a Congressional fact
finding board in Washington.
Professor Theodore Krcps has
taken a leave of absence for the
winter quarter and is currently
working with a Congressional fact
finding board in Washington.
Professor Theodore Krcps has
taken a leave of absence for the
winter quarter and is currently
working with a Congressional fact
finding board in Washington.
Professor Theodore Krcps has
taken a leave of absence for the
winter quarter and is currently
working with a Congressional fact
finding board in Washington.
Professor Theodore Krcps has
taken a leave of absence for the
winter quarter and is currently
working with a Congressional fact
finding board in Washington.
Professor Theodore Krcps has
taken a leave of absence for the
winter quarter and is currently
working with a Congressional fact
finding board in Washington.
Professor Theodore Krcps has
taken a leave of absence for the
winter quarter and is currently
working with a Congressional fact
finding board in Washington.
Professor Theodore Krcps has
taken a leave of absence for the
winter quarter and is currently
working with a Congressional fact
finding board in Washington.
Professor Theodore Krcps has
taken a leave of absence for the
winter quarter and is currently
working with a Congressional fact
finding board in Washington.
Professor Theodore Krcps has
taken a leave of absence for the
winter quarter and is currently
working with a Congressional fact
finding board in Washington.
Professor Theodore Krcps has
taken a leave of absence for the
winter quarter and is currently
working with a Congressional fact
finding board in Washington.
Professor Theodore Krcps has
taken a leave of absence for the
winter quarter and is currently
working with a Congressional fact
finding board in Washington.
