# Pin Handicap Won By Foster-Haynes
## 
### 
With a winning score of 1,000
pins, Jane Foster of Branner Hall
and Tom Hayrvs of Stanford Village
won the mixed doubles bowling
tournament held at the Village al
leys Sunday evenig. The duo of
Foster and Haynes shared the top
prize of $10 in the handicap affair,
but were pressed for top money by
runners-up Virginia Blaine of Bran
ner and Herb Hawk of the Village,
who scored a 991.
Twenty-six teams competed in
the University - sponsored tourna
ment. which was open to all bowl
ers who had participated in the six
campus and Village leagues. The $30
prize money was split by 18
participants, representing Branner,
Toyon, and the Stanford Village.
Other* teams competing were: A 1
Goria and Celia Karpf, John Horth
and Barbara Cooke, Jai k Baty and
Martha Wood, Paul Smith and Pat
Anderson, Matt Gress and June
Mersereau, Bill Warren and Mar
jorie Porter.
