# Quad on Sale Again; Will Come out May 28
## 
### 
The in.ll Quad goes on general
campus sale today and tomorrow
from 10 to .1 at Ihe Cellar and
Fneincering corner.
Kdifnrial work on this year's
ho'ik is completed and delivery
date lias been set for May 2K.
''■■ ■ i ■
The in.ll Quad goes on general
campus sale today and tomorrow
from 10 to .1 at Ihe Cellar and
Fneincering corner.
Kdifnrial work on this year's
ho'ik is completed and delivery
date lias been set for May 2K.
''■■ ■ i ■
The in.ll Quad goes on general
campus sale today and tomorrow
from 10 to .1 at Ihe Cellar and
Fneincering corner.
Kdifnrial work on this year's
ho'ik is completed and delivery
date lias been set for May 2K.
''■■ ■ i ■
The in.ll Quad goes on general
campus sale today and tomorrow
from 10 to .1 at Ihe Cellar and
Fneincering corner.
Kdifnrial work on this year's
ho'ik is completed and delivery
date lias been set for May 2K.
''■■ ■ i ■
The in.ll Quad goes on general
campus sale today and tomorrow
from 10 to .1 at Ihe Cellar and
Fneincering corner.
Kdifnrial work on this year's
ho'ik is completed and delivery
date lias been set for May 2K.
''■■ ■ i ■
The in.ll Quad goes on general
campus sale today and tomorrow
from 10 to .1 at Ihe Cellar and
Fneincering corner.
Kdifnrial work on this year's
ho'ik is completed and delivery
date lias been set for May 2K.
''■■ ■ i ■
The in.ll Quad goes on general
campus sale today and tomorrow
from 10 to .1 at Ihe Cellar and
Fneincering corner.
Kdifnrial work on this year's
ho'ik is completed and delivery
date lias been set for May 2K.
''■■ ■ i ■
The in.ll Quad goes on general
campus sale today and tomorrow
from 10 to .1 at Ihe Cellar and
Fneincering corner.
Kdifnrial work on this year's
ho'ik is completed and delivery
date lias been set for May 2K.
''■■ ■ i ■
The in.ll Quad goes on general
campus sale today and tomorrow
from 10 to .1 at Ihe Cellar and
Fneincering corner.
Kdifnrial work on this year's
ho'ik is completed and delivery
date lias been set for May 2K.
''■■ ■ i ■
The in.ll Quad goes on general
campus sale today and tomorrow
from 10 to .1 at Ihe Cellar and
Fneincering corner.
Kdifnrial work on this year's
ho'ik is completed and delivery
date lias been set for May 2K.
''■■ ■ i ■
The in.ll Quad goes on general
campus sale today and tomorrow
from 10 to .1 at Ihe Cellar and
Fneincering corner.
Kdifnrial work on this year's
ho'ik is completed and delivery
date lias been set for May 2K.
''■■ ■ i ■
The in.ll Quad goes on general
campus sale today and tomorrow
from 10 to .1 at Ihe Cellar and
Fneincering corner.
Kdifnrial work on this year's
ho'ik is completed and delivery
date lias been set for May 2K.
''■■ ■ i ■
The in.ll Quad goes on general
campus sale today and tomorrow
from 10 to .1 at Ihe Cellar and
Fneincering corner.
Kdifnrial work on this year's
ho'ik is completed and delivery
date lias been set for May 2K.
''■■ ■ i ■
The in.ll Quad goes on general
campus sale today and tomorrow
from 10 to .1 at Ihe Cellar and
Fneincering corner.
Kdifnrial work on this year's
ho'ik is completed and delivery
date lias been set for May 2K.
''■■ ■ i ■
The in.ll Quad goes on general
campus sale today and tomorrow
from 10 to .1 at Ihe Cellar and
Fneincering corner.
Kdifnrial work on this year's
ho'ik is completed and delivery
date lias been set for May 2K.
''■■ ■ i ■
