# U. C. SUBMITS QUESTION
## 1906 DEBATING AGREEMENT IS RE-ADOPTED New Amendment Shortens Affirmative Rebuttal and Speech of the Third Negative Speaker. 
### 
The conference between the de
bating representatives of the Uni
versity of California and Stanford,
held in the Encina reception room
on Saturday afternoon, resulted in
the readoption of the Intercollegiate
Debating Agreement, of 1906 with
but one change. Instead of shorten
ing the time of all the participants
in the annual debate, as suggested
by the Californians, it was agreed
to allow the three speakers of the
affirmative and the first two speak
ers on the negative twenty minutes
each in which to present their ar
guments, as has been the custom in
the past. However, the third speaker
on the negative will be allowed only
twenty-two minutes in which to close
for his side, instead of twenty-five
minutes as formerly, while the re
buttal of the affirmative must be
given in seven instead of ten min
utes. This agreement will be in
force until February 22, 1910.
Immediately after the ratification
ot the regulations governing the de
bate, the California committee sub
mitted the subject for the intercol
legiate contest in April. The ques
tion is: "Resolved, That labor un
ions are justified in insisting,
through all lawful means at their
disposal, on the closed shop." Stan
ford has the next two weeks in which
to select the side of the question
that the Cardinal team will uphold
In the annual debate. Although the
topic as given by California is one
that has often been discussed before,
it is a question upon which a great
deal of important new material can
be found in recent books and maga
zines.
Unusual interest is being manifest
ed by the local debaters in the com
ing contest with California. Fifteen
men have already signified their in
tention of entering the preliminary
tryout and the squads will be ar
ranged by the Intersociety Debating
League the latter part of this week.
The conference between the de
bating representatives of the Uni
versity of California and Stanford,
held in the Encina reception room
on Saturday afternoon, resulted in
the readoption of the Intercollegiate
Debating Agreement, of 1906 with
but one change. Instead of shorten
ing the time of all the participants
in the annual debate, as suggested
by the Californians, it was agreed
to allow the three speakers of the
affirmative and the first two speak
ers on the negative twenty minutes
each in which to present their ar
guments, as has been the custom in
the past. However, the third speaker
on the negative will be allowed only
twenty-two minutes in which to close
for his side, instead of twenty-five
minutes as formerly, while the re
buttal of the affirmative must be
given in seven instead of ten min
utes. This agreement will be in
force until February 22, 1910.
Immediately after the ratification
ot the regulations governing the de
bate, the California committee sub
mitted the subject for the intercol
legiate contest in April. The ques
tion is: "Resolved, That labor un
ions are justified in insisting,
through all lawful means at their
disposal, on the closed shop." Stan
ford has the next two weeks in which
to select the side of the question
that the Cardinal team will uphold
In the annual debate. Although the
topic as given by California is one
that has often been discussed before,
it is a question upon which a great
deal of important new material can
be found in recent books and maga
zines.
Unusual interest is being manifest
ed by the local debaters in the com
ing contest with California. Fifteen
men have already signified their in
tention of entering the preliminary
tryout and the squads will be ar
ranged by the Intersociety Debating
League the latter part of this week.
The conference between the de
bating representatives of the Uni
versity of California and Stanford,
held in the Encina reception room
on Saturday afternoon, resulted in
the readoption of the Intercollegiate
Debating Agreement, of 1906 with
but one change. Instead of shorten
ing the time of all the participants
in the annual debate, as suggested
by the Californians, it was agreed
to allow the three speakers of the
affirmative and the first two speak
ers on the negative twenty minutes
each in which to present their ar
guments, as has been the custom in
the past. However, the third speaker
on the negative will be allowed only
twenty-two minutes in which to close
for his side, instead of twenty-five
minutes as formerly, while the re
buttal of the affirmative must be
given in seven instead of ten min
utes. This agreement will be in
force until February 22, 1910.
Immediately after the ratification
ot the regulations governing the de
bate, the California committee sub
mitted the subject for the intercol
legiate contest in April. The ques
tion is: "Resolved, That labor un
ions are justified in insisting,
through all lawful means at their
disposal, on the closed shop." Stan
ford has the next two weeks in which
to select the side of the question
that the Cardinal team will uphold
In the annual debate. Although the
topic as given by California is one
that has often been discussed before,
it is a question upon which a great
deal of important new material can
be found in recent books and maga
zines.
Unusual interest is being manifest
ed by the local debaters in the com
ing contest with California. Fifteen
men have already signified their in
tention of entering the preliminary
tryout and the squads will be ar
ranged by the Intersociety Debating
League the latter part of this week.
The conference between the de
bating representatives of the Uni
versity of California and Stanford,
held in the Encina reception room
on Saturday afternoon, resulted in
the readoption of the Intercollegiate
Debating Agreement, of 1906 with
but one change. Instead of shorten
ing the time of all the participants
in the annual debate, as suggested
by the Californians, it was agreed
to allow the three speakers of the
affirmative and the first two speak
ers on the negative twenty minutes
each in which to present their ar
guments, as has been the custom in
the past. However, the third speaker
on the negative will be allowed only
twenty-two minutes in which to close
for his side, instead of twenty-five
minutes as formerly, while the re
buttal of the affirmative must be
given in seven instead of ten min
utes. This agreement will be in
force until February 22, 1910.
Immediately after the ratification
ot the regulations governing the de
bate, the California committee sub
mitted the subject for the intercol
legiate contest in April. The ques
tion is: "Resolved, That labor un
ions are justified in insisting,
through all lawful means at their
disposal, on the closed shop." Stan
ford has the next two weeks in which
to select the side of the question
that the Cardinal team will uphold
In the annual debate. Although the
topic as given by California is one
that has often been discussed before,
it is a question upon which a great
deal of important new material can
be found in recent books and maga
zines.
Unusual interest is being manifest
ed by the local debaters in the com
ing contest with California. Fifteen
men have already signified their in
tention of entering the preliminary
tryout and the squads will be ar
ranged by the Intersociety Debating
League the latter part of this week.
The conference between the de
bating representatives of the Uni
versity of California and Stanford,
held in the Encina reception room
on Saturday afternoon, resulted in
the readoption of the Intercollegiate
Debating Agreement, of 1906 with
but one change. Instead of shorten
ing the time of all the participants
in the annual debate, as suggested
by the Californians, it was agreed
to allow the three speakers of the
affirmative and the first two speak
ers on the negative twenty minutes
each in which to present their ar
guments, as has been the custom in
the past. However, the third speaker
on the negative will be allowed only
twenty-two minutes in which to close
for his side, instead of twenty-five
minutes as formerly, while the re
buttal of the affirmative must be
given in seven instead of ten min
utes. This agreement will be in
force until February 22, 1910.
Immediately after the ratification
ot the regulations governing the de
bate, the California committee sub
mitted the subject for the intercol
legiate contest in April. The ques
tion is: "Resolved, That labor un
ions are justified in insisting,
through all lawful means at their
disposal, on the closed shop." Stan
ford has the next two weeks in which
to select the side of the question
that the Cardinal team will uphold
In the annual debate. Although the
topic as given by California is one
that has often been discussed before,
it is a question upon which a great
deal of important new material can
be found in recent books and maga
zines.
Unusual interest is being manifest
ed by the local debaters in the com
ing contest with California. Fifteen
men have already signified their in
tention of entering the preliminary
tryout and the squads will be ar
ranged by the Intersociety Debating
League the latter part of this week.
The conference between the de
bating representatives of the Uni
versity of California and Stanford,
held in the Encina reception room
on Saturday afternoon, resulted in
the readoption of the Intercollegiate
Debating Agreement, of 1906 with
but one change. Instead of shorten
ing the time of all the participants
in the annual debate, as suggested
by the Californians, it was agreed
to allow the three speakers of the
affirmative and the first two speak
ers on the negative twenty minutes
each in which to present their ar
guments, as has been the custom in
the past. However, the third speaker
on the negative will be allowed only
twenty-two minutes in which to close
for his side, instead of twenty-five
minutes as formerly, while the re
buttal of the affirmative must be
given in seven instead of ten min
utes. This agreement will be in
force until February 22, 1910.
Immediately after the ratification
ot the regulations governing the de
bate, the California committee sub
mitted the subject for the intercol
legiate contest in April. The ques
tion is: "Resolved, That labor un
ions are justified in insisting,
through all lawful means at their
disposal, on the closed shop." Stan
ford has the next two weeks in which
to select the side of the question
that the Cardinal team will uphold
In the annual debate. Although the
topic as given by California is one
that has often been discussed before,
it is a question upon which a great
deal of important new material can
be found in recent books and maga
zines.
Unusual interest is being manifest
ed by the local debaters in the com
ing contest with California. Fifteen
men have already signified their in
tention of entering the preliminary
tryout and the squads will be ar
ranged by the Intersociety Debating
League the latter part of this week.
The conference between the de
bating representatives of the Uni
versity of California and Stanford,
held in the Encina reception room
on Saturday afternoon, resulted in
the readoption of the Intercollegiate
Debating Agreement, of 1906 with
but one change. Instead of shorten
ing the time of all the participants
in the annual debate, as suggested
by the Californians, it was agreed
to allow the three speakers of the
affirmative and the first two speak
ers on the negative twenty minutes
each in which to present their ar
guments, as has been the custom in
the past. However, the third speaker
on the negative will be allowed only
twenty-two minutes in which to close
for his side, instead of twenty-five
minutes as formerly, while the re
buttal of the affirmative must be
given in seven instead of ten min
utes. This agreement will be in
force until February 22, 1910.
Immediately after the ratification
ot the regulations governing the de
bate, the California committee sub
mitted the subject for the intercol
legiate contest in April. The ques
tion is: "Resolved, That labor un
ions are justified in insisting,
through all lawful means at their
disposal, on the closed shop." Stan
ford has the next two weeks in which
to select the side of the question
that the Cardinal team will uphold
In the annual debate. Although the
topic as given by California is one
that has often been discussed before,
it is a question upon which a great
deal of important new material can
be found in recent books and maga
zines.
Unusual interest is being manifest
ed by the local debaters in the com
ing contest with California. Fifteen
men have already signified their in
tention of entering the preliminary
tryout and the squads will be ar
ranged by the Intersociety Debating
League the latter part of this week.
The conference between the de
bating representatives of the Uni
versity of California and Stanford,
held in the Encina reception room
on Saturday afternoon, resulted in
the readoption of the Intercollegiate
Debating Agreement, of 1906 with
but one change. Instead of shorten
ing the time of all the participants
in the annual debate, as suggested
by the Californians, it was agreed
to allow the three speakers of the
affirmative and the first two speak
ers on the negative twenty minutes
each in which to present their ar
guments, as has been the custom in
the past. However, the third speaker
on the negative will be allowed only
twenty-two minutes in which to close
for his side, instead of twenty-five
minutes as formerly, while the re
buttal of the affirmative must be
given in seven instead of ten min
utes. This agreement will be in
force until February 22, 1910.
Immediately after the ratification
ot the regulations governing the de
bate, the California committee sub
mitted the subject for the intercol
legiate contest in April. The ques
tion is: "Resolved, That labor un
ions are justified in insisting,
through all lawful means at their
disposal, on the closed shop." Stan
ford has the next two weeks in which
to select the side of the question
that the Cardinal team will uphold
In the annual debate. Although the
topic as given by California is one
that has often been discussed before,
it is a question upon which a great
deal of important new material can
be found in recent books and maga
zines.
Unusual interest is being manifest
ed by the local debaters in the com
ing contest with California. Fifteen
men have already signified their in
tention of entering the preliminary
tryout and the squads will be ar
ranged by the Intersociety Debating
League the latter part of this week.
The conference between the de
bating representatives of the Uni
versity of California and Stanford,
held in the Encina reception room
on Saturday afternoon, resulted in
the readoption of the Intercollegiate
Debating Agreement, of 1906 with
but one change. Instead of shorten
ing the time of all the participants
in the annual debate, as suggested
by the Californians, it was agreed
to allow the three speakers of the
affirmative and the first two speak
ers on the negative twenty minutes
each in which to present their ar
guments, as has been the custom in
the past. However, the third speaker
on the negative will be allowed only
twenty-two minutes in which to close
for his side, instead of twenty-five
minutes as formerly, while the re
buttal of the affirmative must be
given in seven instead of ten min
utes. This agreement will be in
force until February 22, 1910.
Immediately after the ratification
ot the regulations governing the de
bate, the California committee sub
mitted the subject for the intercol
legiate contest in April. The ques
tion is: "Resolved, That labor un
ions are justified in insisting,
through all lawful means at their
disposal, on the closed shop." Stan
ford has the next two weeks in which
to select the side of the question
that the Cardinal team will uphold
In the annual debate. Although the
topic as given by California is one
that has often been discussed before,
it is a question upon which a great
deal of important new material can
be found in recent books and maga
zines.
Unusual interest is being manifest
ed by the local debaters in the com
ing contest with California. Fifteen
men have already signified their in
tention of entering the preliminary
tryout and the squads will be ar
ranged by the Intersociety Debating
League the latter part of this week.
The conference between the de
bating representatives of the Uni
versity of California and Stanford,
held in the Encina reception room
on Saturday afternoon, resulted in
the readoption of the Intercollegiate
Debating Agreement, of 1906 with
but one change. Instead of shorten
ing the time of all the participants
in the annual debate, as suggested
by the Californians, it was agreed
to allow the three speakers of the
affirmative and the first two speak
ers on the negative twenty minutes
each in which to present their ar
guments, as has been the custom in
the past. However, the third speaker
on the negative will be allowed only
twenty-two minutes in which to close
for his side, instead of twenty-five
minutes as formerly, while the re
buttal of the affirmative must be
given in seven instead of ten min
utes. This agreement will be in
force until February 22, 1910.
Immediately after the ratification
ot the regulations governing the de
bate, the California committee sub
mitted the subject for the intercol
legiate contest in April. The ques
tion is: "Resolved, That labor un
ions are justified in insisting,
through all lawful means at their
disposal, on the closed shop." Stan
ford has the next two weeks in which
to select the side of the question
that the Cardinal team will uphold
In the annual debate. Although the
topic as given by California is one
that has often been discussed before,
it is a question upon which a great
deal of important new material can
be found in recent books and maga
zines.
Unusual interest is being manifest
ed by the local debaters in the com
ing contest with California. Fifteen
men have already signified their in
tention of entering the preliminary
tryout and the squads will be ar
ranged by the Intersociety Debating
League the latter part of this week.
