# Varsity vs. St. Ignatius.
## 
### 
The next varsity baseball game will
be played tomorrow afternoon at the
usual time, 3:45. The opposing team
will be the nine from St. Ignatins
College, and, although comparative
scores are lacking to surmise the
strength of the visitors, it is general
ly believed that the Cardinal men
will find a fairly formidable aggre
gation facing them tomorrow. This
will be the last contest before the
Varsity departs for the South on
Thursday.
It is probable that, several import
ant changes will be made in the line
up of the Cardinal nine, when the
game is called Tuesday. Coach Pres
ley contemplates moving Scott to
second and Bell to first, while Mit
chell will again be tried behind the
bat. Theile will be in the box.
