# Roble Dance Friday.
## 
### 
Invitations were issued today by
the Roble Club for a dance Friday
evening, December ~>th.
Invitations were issued today by
the Roble Club for a dance Friday
evening, December ~>th.
Invitations were issued today by
the Roble Club for a dance Friday
evening, December ~>th.
Invitations were issued today by
the Roble Club for a dance Friday
evening, December ~>th.
Invitations were issued today by
the Roble Club for a dance Friday
evening, December ~>th.
Invitations were issued today by
the Roble Club for a dance Friday
evening, December ~>th.
Invitations were issued today by
the Roble Club for a dance Friday
evening, December ~>th.
Invitations were issued today by
the Roble Club for a dance Friday
evening, December ~>th.
