# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The discussion of the honor sys
tem has brought out the fact that
the greatest objection arises from
the disinclination to report those
who cheat in examinations, and
also from the feeling that Stanford
is not in need of any change—that
conditions at present are good
enough. The first objection has
been met by the assertion that the
strongest point in favor of student
control of cheating is that it will
do away with dishonesty in exami
nations, and quite naturally the
irksome task of reporting on fellow
students will not occur. Of course the
system will not be a success until
the students show their willingness
to uphold the duty entrusted to
them, and it is to be expected that
some will brave the united disap
proval of the students and cheat.
By fearlessly and impartially pun
ishing these, the students will
have taken the necessary step
towards making the respect of the
honor system so strong a tradition
that violations will be practically
unheard of. It is contended that
because there is no widespread epi
demic of cheating going on at
present the honor code is superflu
ous. Those who see much good
from a change think the very rea
son that the agitation comes up

when no flagrant cheating is going
on to call for a spontaneous upris
ing of the students stamps the
Stanford men and women as per
fectly willing to put calm and
sober attention on any system that
is going to revolutionize the atti
tude of students toward students
and students toward faculty. The
absence of indignation over wide
spread dishonesty makes the dis
cussion all the more sane and dis
passionate. Communications from
students on this matter will be
published during the week, and
those who desire to write should
understand that their names must
be enclosed for publication.
The discussion of the honor sys
tem has brought out the fact that
the greatest objection arises from
the disinclination to report those
who cheat in examinations, and
also from the feeling that Stanford
is not in need of any change—that
conditions at present are good
enough. The first objection has
been met by the assertion that the
strongest point in favor of student
control of cheating is that it will
do away with dishonesty in exami
nations, and quite naturally the
irksome task of reporting on fellow
students will not occur. Of course the
system will not be a success until
the students show their willingness
to uphold the duty entrusted to
them, and it is to be expected that
some will brave the united disap
proval of the students and cheat.
By fearlessly and impartially pun
ishing these, the students will
have taken the necessary step
towards making the respect of the
honor system so strong a tradition
that violations will be practically
unheard of. It is contended that
because there is no widespread epi
demic of cheating going on at
present the honor code is superflu
ous. Those who see much good
from a change think the very rea
son that the agitation comes up

when no flagrant cheating is going
on to call for a spontaneous upris
ing of the students stamps the
Stanford men and women as per
fectly willing to put calm and
sober attention on any system that
is going to revolutionize the atti
tude of students toward students
and students toward faculty. The
absence of indignation over wide
spread dishonesty makes the dis
cussion all the more sane and dis
passionate. Communications from
students on this matter will be
published during the week, and
those who desire to write should
understand that their names must
be enclosed for publication.
The discussion of the honor sys
tem has brought out the fact that
the greatest objection arises from
the disinclination to report those
who cheat in examinations, and
also from the feeling that Stanford
is not in need of any change—that
conditions at present are good
enough. The first objection has
been met by the assertion that the
strongest point in favor of student
control of cheating is that it will
do away with dishonesty in exami
nations, and quite naturally the
irksome task of reporting on fellow
students will not occur. Of course the
system will not be a success until
the students show their willingness
to uphold the duty entrusted to
them, and it is to be expected that
some will brave the united disap
proval of the students and cheat.
By fearlessly and impartially pun
ishing these, the students will
have taken the necessary step
towards making the respect of the
honor system so strong a tradition
that violations will be practically
unheard of. It is contended that
because there is no widespread epi
demic of cheating going on at
present the honor code is superflu
ous. Those who see much good
from a change think the very rea
son that the agitation comes up

when no flagrant cheating is going
on to call for a spontaneous upris
ing of the students stamps the
Stanford men and women as per
fectly willing to put calm and
sober attention on any system that
is going to revolutionize the atti
tude of students toward students
and students toward faculty. The
absence of indignation over wide
spread dishonesty makes the dis
cussion all the more sane and dis
passionate. Communications from
students on this matter will be
published during the week, and
those who desire to write should
understand that their names must
be enclosed for publication.
The discussion of the honor sys
tem has brought out the fact that
the greatest objection arises from
the disinclination to report those
who cheat in examinations, and
also from the feeling that Stanford
is not in need of any change—that
conditions at present are good
enough. The first objection has
been met by the assertion that the
strongest point in favor of student
control of cheating is that it will
do away with dishonesty in exami
nations, and quite naturally the
irksome task of reporting on fellow
students will not occur. Of course the
system will not be a success until
the students show their willingness
to uphold the duty entrusted to
them, and it is to be expected that
some will brave the united disap
proval of the students and cheat.
By fearlessly and impartially pun
ishing these, the students will
have taken the necessary step
towards making the respect of the
honor system so strong a tradition
that violations will be practically
unheard of. It is contended that
because there is no widespread epi
demic of cheating going on at
present the honor code is superflu
ous. Those who see much good
from a change think the very rea
son that the agitation comes up

when no flagrant cheating is going
on to call for a spontaneous upris
ing of the students stamps the
Stanford men and women as per
fectly willing to put calm and
sober attention on any system that
is going to revolutionize the atti
tude of students toward students
and students toward faculty. The
absence of indignation over wide
spread dishonesty makes the dis
cussion all the more sane and dis
passionate. Communications from
students on this matter will be
published during the week, and
those who desire to write should
understand that their names must
be enclosed for publication.
The discussion of the honor sys
tem has brought out the fact that
the greatest objection arises from
the disinclination to report those
who cheat in examinations, and
also from the feeling that Stanford
is not in need of any change—that
conditions at present are good
enough. The first objection has
been met by the assertion that the
strongest point in favor of student
control of cheating is that it will
do away with dishonesty in exami
nations, and quite naturally the
irksome task of reporting on fellow
students will not occur. Of course the
system will not be a success until
the students show their willingness
to uphold the duty entrusted to
them, and it is to be expected that
some will brave the united disap
proval of the students and cheat.
By fearlessly and impartially pun
ishing these, the students will
have taken the necessary step
towards making the respect of the
honor system so strong a tradition
that violations will be practically
unheard of. It is contended that
because there is no widespread epi
demic of cheating going on at
present the honor code is superflu
ous. Those who see much good
from a change think the very rea
son that the agitation comes up

when no flagrant cheating is going
on to call for a spontaneous upris
ing of the students stamps the
Stanford men and women as per
fectly willing to put calm and
sober attention on any system that
is going to revolutionize the atti
tude of students toward students
and students toward faculty. The
absence of indignation over wide
spread dishonesty makes the dis
cussion all the more sane and dis
passionate. Communications from
students on this matter will be
published during the week, and
those who desire to write should
understand that their names must
be enclosed for publication.
The discussion of the honor sys
tem has brought out the fact that
the greatest objection arises from
the disinclination to report those
who cheat in examinations, and
also from the feeling that Stanford
is not in need of any change—that
conditions at present are good
enough. The first objection has
been met by the assertion that the
strongest point in favor of student
control of cheating is that it will
do away with dishonesty in exami
nations, and quite naturally the
irksome task of reporting on fellow
students will not occur. Of course the
system will not be a success until
the students show their willingness
to uphold the duty entrusted to
them, and it is to be expected that
some will brave the united disap
proval of the students and cheat.
By fearlessly and impartially pun
ishing these, the students will
have taken the necessary step
towards making the respect of the
honor system so strong a tradition
that violations will be practically
unheard of. It is contended that
because there is no widespread epi
demic of cheating going on at
present the honor code is superflu
ous. Those who see much good
from a change think the very rea
son that the agitation comes up

when no flagrant cheating is going
on to call for a spontaneous upris
ing of the students stamps the
Stanford men and women as per
fectly willing to put calm and
sober attention on any system that
is going to revolutionize the atti
tude of students toward students
and students toward faculty. The
absence of indignation over wide
spread dishonesty makes the dis
cussion all the more sane and dis
passionate. Communications from
students on this matter will be
published during the week, and
those who desire to write should
understand that their names must
be enclosed for publication.
The discussion of the honor sys
tem has brought out the fact that
the greatest objection arises from
the disinclination to report those
who cheat in examinations, and
also from the feeling that Stanford
is not in need of any change—that
conditions at present are good
enough. The first objection has
been met by the assertion that the
strongest point in favor of student
control of cheating is that it will
do away with dishonesty in exami
nations, and quite naturally the
irksome task of reporting on fellow
students will not occur. Of course the
system will not be a success until
the students show their willingness
to uphold the duty entrusted to
them, and it is to be expected that
some will brave the united disap
proval of the students and cheat.
By fearlessly and impartially pun
ishing these, the students will
have taken the necessary step
towards making the respect of the
honor system so strong a tradition
that violations will be practically
unheard of. It is contended that
because there is no widespread epi
demic of cheating going on at
present the honor code is superflu
ous. Those who see much good
from a change think the very rea
son that the agitation comes up

when no flagrant cheating is going
on to call for a spontaneous upris
ing of the students stamps the
Stanford men and women as per
fectly willing to put calm and
sober attention on any system that
is going to revolutionize the atti
tude of students toward students
and students toward faculty. The
absence of indignation over wide
spread dishonesty makes the dis
cussion all the more sane and dis
passionate. Communications from
students on this matter will be
published during the week, and
those who desire to write should
understand that their names must
be enclosed for publication.
The discussion of the honor sys
tem has brought out the fact that
the greatest objection arises from
the disinclination to report those
who cheat in examinations, and
also from the feeling that Stanford
is not in need of any change—that
conditions at present are good
enough. The first objection has
been met by the assertion that the
strongest point in favor of student
control of cheating is that it will
do away with dishonesty in exami
nations, and quite naturally the
irksome task of reporting on fellow
students will not occur. Of course the
system will not be a success until
the students show their willingness
to uphold the duty entrusted to
them, and it is to be expected that
some will brave the united disap
proval of the students and cheat.
By fearlessly and impartially pun
ishing these, the students will
have taken the necessary step
towards making the respect of the
honor system so strong a tradition
that violations will be practically
unheard of. It is contended that
because there is no widespread epi
demic of cheating going on at
present the honor code is superflu
ous. Those who see much good
from a change think the very rea
son that the agitation comes up

when no flagrant cheating is going
on to call for a spontaneous upris
ing of the students stamps the
Stanford men and women as per
fectly willing to put calm and
sober attention on any system that
is going to revolutionize the atti
tude of students toward students
and students toward faculty. The
absence of indignation over wide
spread dishonesty makes the dis
cussion all the more sane and dis
passionate. Communications from
students on this matter will be
published during the week, and
those who desire to write should
understand that their names must
be enclosed for publication.
