# NOTED TRIO IN NEW PLAY
## 
### 

Alfred Lunt (left), Lynn Fontanne and Noel Coward are to appear
together in Mr. Coward's new comedy, "Design for Living." For 11
years the three have been planning to act together in a play. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Alfred Lunt (left), Lynn Fontanne and Noel Coward are to appear
together in Mr. Coward's new comedy, "Design for Living." For 11
years the three have been planning to act together in a play. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Alfred Lunt (left), Lynn Fontanne and Noel Coward are to appear
together in Mr. Coward's new comedy, "Design for Living." For 11
years the three have been planning to act together in a play. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Alfred Lunt (left), Lynn Fontanne and Noel Coward are to appear
together in Mr. Coward's new comedy, "Design for Living." For 11
years the three have been planning to act together in a play. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Alfred Lunt (left), Lynn Fontanne and Noel Coward are to appear
together in Mr. Coward's new comedy, "Design for Living." For 11
years the three have been planning to act together in a play. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Alfred Lunt (left), Lynn Fontanne and Noel Coward are to appear
together in Mr. Coward's new comedy, "Design for Living." For 11
years the three have been planning to act together in a play. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Alfred Lunt (left), Lynn Fontanne and Noel Coward are to appear
together in Mr. Coward's new comedy, "Design for Living." For 11
years the three have been planning to act together in a play. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Alfred Lunt (left), Lynn Fontanne and Noel Coward are to appear
together in Mr. Coward's new comedy, "Design for Living." For 11
years the three have been planning to act together in a play. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Alfred Lunt (left), Lynn Fontanne and Noel Coward are to appear
together in Mr. Coward's new comedy, "Design for Living." For 11
years the three have been planning to act together in a play. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Alfred Lunt (left), Lynn Fontanne and Noel Coward are to appear
together in Mr. Coward's new comedy, "Design for Living." For 11
years the three have been planning to act together in a play. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Alfred Lunt (left), Lynn Fontanne and Noel Coward are to appear
together in Mr. Coward's new comedy, "Design for Living." For 11
years the three have been planning to act together in a play. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Alfred Lunt (left), Lynn Fontanne and Noel Coward are to appear
together in Mr. Coward's new comedy, "Design for Living." For 11
years the three have been planning to act together in a play. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Alfred Lunt (left), Lynn Fontanne and Noel Coward are to appear
together in Mr. Coward's new comedy, "Design for Living." For 11
years the three have been planning to act together in a play. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Alfred Lunt (left), Lynn Fontanne and Noel Coward are to appear
together in Mr. Coward's new comedy, "Design for Living." For 11
years the three have been planning to act together in a play. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Alfred Lunt (left), Lynn Fontanne and Noel Coward are to appear
together in Mr. Coward's new comedy, "Design for Living." For 11
years the three have been planning to act together in a play. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)
