# Latin-American Students Form Language Groups
## 
### 
Students of Latin-America met
last night in the Toyon Lobby and
completed plans for the formation
of a club divided into two groups:
one a Spanish-speaking group, and
the other a Portuguese-speaking
group.
Manoel Cardozo, prominent Latin
student, was in charge of the meet
ing. Others who were present at the
meeting included representatives
from Brazil, Portugal, Argentina,
Columbia, Panama, Bolivia, and
Cuban Mexico, as well as several
from Uncle Sam's democracy.
Students of Latin-America met
last night in the Toyon Lobby and
completed plans for the formation
of a club divided into two groups:
one a Spanish-speaking group, and
the other a Portuguese-speaking
group.
Manoel Cardozo, prominent Latin
student, was in charge of the meet
ing. Others who were present at the
meeting included representatives
from Brazil, Portugal, Argentina,
Columbia, Panama, Bolivia, and
Cuban Mexico, as well as several
from Uncle Sam's democracy.
Students of Latin-America met
last night in the Toyon Lobby and
completed plans for the formation
of a club divided into two groups:
one a Spanish-speaking group, and
the other a Portuguese-speaking
group.
Manoel Cardozo, prominent Latin
student, was in charge of the meet
ing. Others who were present at the
meeting included representatives
from Brazil, Portugal, Argentina,
Columbia, Panama, Bolivia, and
Cuban Mexico, as well as several
from Uncle Sam's democracy.
Students of Latin-America met
last night in the Toyon Lobby and
completed plans for the formation
of a club divided into two groups:
one a Spanish-speaking group, and
the other a Portuguese-speaking
group.
Manoel Cardozo, prominent Latin
student, was in charge of the meet
ing. Others who were present at the
meeting included representatives
from Brazil, Portugal, Argentina,
Columbia, Panama, Bolivia, and
Cuban Mexico, as well as several
from Uncle Sam's democracy.
Students of Latin-America met
last night in the Toyon Lobby and
completed plans for the formation
of a club divided into two groups:
one a Spanish-speaking group, and
the other a Portuguese-speaking
group.
Manoel Cardozo, prominent Latin
student, was in charge of the meet
ing. Others who were present at the
meeting included representatives
from Brazil, Portugal, Argentina,
Columbia, Panama, Bolivia, and
Cuban Mexico, as well as several
from Uncle Sam's democracy.
Students of Latin-America met
last night in the Toyon Lobby and
completed plans for the formation
of a club divided into two groups:
one a Spanish-speaking group, and
the other a Portuguese-speaking
group.
Manoel Cardozo, prominent Latin
student, was in charge of the meet
ing. Others who were present at the
meeting included representatives
from Brazil, Portugal, Argentina,
Columbia, Panama, Bolivia, and
Cuban Mexico, as well as several
from Uncle Sam's democracy.
Students of Latin-America met
last night in the Toyon Lobby and
completed plans for the formation
of a club divided into two groups:
one a Spanish-speaking group, and
the other a Portuguese-speaking
group.
Manoel Cardozo, prominent Latin
student, was in charge of the meet
ing. Others who were present at the
meeting included representatives
from Brazil, Portugal, Argentina,
Columbia, Panama, Bolivia, and
Cuban Mexico, as well as several
from Uncle Sam's democracy.
Students of Latin-America met
last night in the Toyon Lobby and
completed plans for the formation
of a club divided into two groups:
one a Spanish-speaking group, and
the other a Portuguese-speaking
group.
Manoel Cardozo, prominent Latin
student, was in charge of the meet
ing. Others who were present at the
meeting included representatives
from Brazil, Portugal, Argentina,
Columbia, Panama, Bolivia, and
Cuban Mexico, as well as several
from Uncle Sam's democracy.
Students of Latin-America met
last night in the Toyon Lobby and
completed plans for the formation
of a club divided into two groups:
one a Spanish-speaking group, and
the other a Portuguese-speaking
group.
Manoel Cardozo, prominent Latin
student, was in charge of the meet
ing. Others who were present at the
meeting included representatives
from Brazil, Portugal, Argentina,
Columbia, Panama, Bolivia, and
Cuban Mexico, as well as several
from Uncle Sam's democracy.
Students of Latin-America met
last night in the Toyon Lobby and
completed plans for the formation
of a club divided into two groups:
one a Spanish-speaking group, and
the other a Portuguese-speaking
group.
Manoel Cardozo, prominent Latin
student, was in charge of the meet
ing. Others who were present at the
meeting included representatives
from Brazil, Portugal, Argentina,
Columbia, Panama, Bolivia, and
Cuban Mexico, as well as several
from Uncle Sam's democracy.
Students of Latin-America met
last night in the Toyon Lobby and
completed plans for the formation
of a club divided into two groups:
one a Spanish-speaking group, and
the other a Portuguese-speaking
group.
Manoel Cardozo, prominent Latin
student, was in charge of the meet
ing. Others who were present at the
meeting included representatives
from Brazil, Portugal, Argentina,
Columbia, Panama, Bolivia, and
Cuban Mexico, as well as several
from Uncle Sam's democracy.
Students of Latin-America met
last night in the Toyon Lobby and
completed plans for the formation
of a club divided into two groups:
one a Spanish-speaking group, and
the other a Portuguese-speaking
group.
Manoel Cardozo, prominent Latin
student, was in charge of the meet
ing. Others who were present at the
meeting included representatives
from Brazil, Portugal, Argentina,
Columbia, Panama, Bolivia, and
Cuban Mexico, as well as several
from Uncle Sam's democracy.
Students of Latin-America met
last night in the Toyon Lobby and
completed plans for the formation
of a club divided into two groups:
one a Spanish-speaking group, and
the other a Portuguese-speaking
group.
Manoel Cardozo, prominent Latin
student, was in charge of the meet
ing. Others who were present at the
meeting included representatives
from Brazil, Portugal, Argentina,
Columbia, Panama, Bolivia, and
Cuban Mexico, as well as several
from Uncle Sam's democracy.
Students of Latin-America met
last night in the Toyon Lobby and
completed plans for the formation
of a club divided into two groups:
one a Spanish-speaking group, and
the other a Portuguese-speaking
group.
Manoel Cardozo, prominent Latin
student, was in charge of the meet
ing. Others who were present at the
meeting included representatives
from Brazil, Portugal, Argentina,
Columbia, Panama, Bolivia, and
Cuban Mexico, as well as several
from Uncle Sam's democracy.
Students of Latin-America met
last night in the Toyon Lobby and
completed plans for the formation
of a club divided into two groups:
one a Spanish-speaking group, and
the other a Portuguese-speaking
group.
Manoel Cardozo, prominent Latin
student, was in charge of the meet
ing. Others who were present at the
meeting included representatives
from Brazil, Portugal, Argentina,
Columbia, Panama, Bolivia, and
Cuban Mexico, as well as several
from Uncle Sam's democracy.
