# DEER MENACE CROPS
## 
### 
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 11 (/P) —
Pennsylvania's deer kill during Sep
tember, part of the closed season,
aggregated 12G animals, according to
State records. The kills were re
ported by farmers, who are privi
leged, under State law, to kill deer
damaging their fields and crops.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 11 (/P) —
Pennsylvania's deer kill during Sep
tember, part of the closed season,
aggregated 12G animals, according to
State records. The kills were re
ported by farmers, who are privi
leged, under State law, to kill deer
damaging their fields and crops.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 11 (/P) —
Pennsylvania's deer kill during Sep
tember, part of the closed season,
aggregated 12G animals, according to
State records. The kills were re
ported by farmers, who are privi
leged, under State law, to kill deer
damaging their fields and crops.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 11 (/P) —
Pennsylvania's deer kill during Sep
tember, part of the closed season,
aggregated 12G animals, according to
State records. The kills were re
ported by farmers, who are privi
leged, under State law, to kill deer
damaging their fields and crops.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 11 (/P) —
Pennsylvania's deer kill during Sep
tember, part of the closed season,
aggregated 12G animals, according to
State records. The kills were re
ported by farmers, who are privi
leged, under State law, to kill deer
damaging their fields and crops.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 11 (/P) —
Pennsylvania's deer kill during Sep
tember, part of the closed season,
aggregated 12G animals, according to
State records. The kills were re
ported by farmers, who are privi
leged, under State law, to kill deer
damaging their fields and crops.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 11 (/P) —
Pennsylvania's deer kill during Sep
tember, part of the closed season,
aggregated 12G animals, according to
State records. The kills were re
ported by farmers, who are privi
leged, under State law, to kill deer
damaging their fields and crops.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 11 (/P) —
Pennsylvania's deer kill during Sep
tember, part of the closed season,
aggregated 12G animals, according to
State records. The kills were re
ported by farmers, who are privi
leged, under State law, to kill deer
damaging their fields and crops.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 11 (/P) —
Pennsylvania's deer kill during Sep
tember, part of the closed season,
aggregated 12G animals, according to
State records. The kills were re
ported by farmers, who are privi
leged, under State law, to kill deer
damaging their fields and crops.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 11 (/P) —
Pennsylvania's deer kill during Sep
tember, part of the closed season,
aggregated 12G animals, according to
State records. The kills were re
ported by farmers, who are privi
leged, under State law, to kill deer
damaging their fields and crops.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 11 (/P) —
Pennsylvania's deer kill during Sep
tember, part of the closed season,
aggregated 12G animals, according to
State records. The kills were re
ported by farmers, who are privi
leged, under State law, to kill deer
damaging their fields and crops.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 11 (/P) —
Pennsylvania's deer kill during Sep
tember, part of the closed season,
aggregated 12G animals, according to
State records. The kills were re
ported by farmers, who are privi
leged, under State law, to kill deer
damaging their fields and crops.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 11 (/P) —
Pennsylvania's deer kill during Sep
tember, part of the closed season,
aggregated 12G animals, according to
State records. The kills were re
ported by farmers, who are privi
leged, under State law, to kill deer
damaging their fields and crops.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 11 (/P) —
Pennsylvania's deer kill during Sep
tember, part of the closed season,
aggregated 12G animals, according to
State records. The kills were re
ported by farmers, who are privi
leged, under State law, to kill deer
damaging their fields and crops.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 11 (/P) —
Pennsylvania's deer kill during Sep
tember, part of the closed season,
aggregated 12G animals, according to
State records. The kills were re
ported by farmers, who are privi
leged, under State law, to kill deer
damaging their fields and crops.
