# Adv. 4 Page 3
## 
### 
Something bugging
you?
Address all your complaints
about the University or life in
general, to Bug Me, c/o The
Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Bldg., Stanford,
CA 94305.
Something bugging
you?
Address all your complaints
about the University or life in
general, to Bug Me, c/o The
Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Bldg., Stanford,
CA 94305.
Something bugging
you?
Address all your complaints
about the University or life in
general, to Bug Me, c/o The
Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Bldg., Stanford,
CA 94305.
Something bugging
you?
Address all your complaints
about the University or life in
general, to Bug Me, c/o The
Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Bldg., Stanford,
CA 94305.
Something bugging
you?
Address all your complaints
about the University or life in
general, to Bug Me, c/o The
Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Bldg., Stanford,
CA 94305.
Something bugging
you?
Address all your complaints
about the University or life in
general, to Bug Me, c/o The
Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Bldg., Stanford,
CA 94305.
Something bugging
you?
Address all your complaints
about the University or life in
general, to Bug Me, c/o The
Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Bldg., Stanford,
CA 94305.
Something bugging
you?
Address all your complaints
about the University or life in
general, to Bug Me, c/o The
Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Bldg., Stanford,
CA 94305.
Something bugging
you?
Address all your complaints
about the University or life in
general, to Bug Me, c/o The
Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Bldg., Stanford,
CA 94305.
