# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
IB
m rwni I
IUJ
Don't Delay the ex
-IM(>, amination —to do so I
invites hazardous eye i
strain, permanent im- j
pairment.
y-21 I
IB
m rwni I
IUJ
Don't Delay the ex
-IM(>, amination —to do so I
invites hazardous eye i
strain, permanent im- j
pairment.
y-21 I
IB
m rwni I
IUJ
Don't Delay the ex
-IM(>, amination —to do so I
invites hazardous eye i
strain, permanent im- j
pairment.
y-21 I
IB
m rwni I
IUJ
Don't Delay the ex
-IM(>, amination —to do so I
invites hazardous eye i
strain, permanent im- j
pairment.
y-21 I
IB
m rwni I
IUJ
Don't Delay the ex
-IM(>, amination —to do so I
invites hazardous eye i
strain, permanent im- j
pairment.
y-21 I
IB
m rwni I
IUJ
Don't Delay the ex
-IM(>, amination —to do so I
invites hazardous eye i
strain, permanent im- j
pairment.
y-21 I
IB
m rwni I
IUJ
Don't Delay the ex
-IM(>, amination —to do so I
invites hazardous eye i
strain, permanent im- j
pairment.
y-21 I
IB
m rwni I
IUJ
Don't Delay the ex
-IM(>, amination —to do so I
invites hazardous eye i
strain, permanent im- j
pairment.
y-21 I
IB
m rwni I
IUJ
Don't Delay the ex
-IM(>, amination —to do so I
invites hazardous eye i
strain, permanent im- j
pairment.
y-21 I
IB
m rwni I
IUJ
Don't Delay the ex
-IM(>, amination —to do so I
invites hazardous eye i
strain, permanent im- j
pairment.
y-21 I
IB
m rwni I
IUJ
Don't Delay the ex
-IM(>, amination —to do so I
invites hazardous eye i
strain, permanent im- j
pairment.
y-21 I
IB
m rwni I
IUJ
Don't Delay the ex
-IM(>, amination —to do so I
invites hazardous eye i
strain, permanent im- j
pairment.
y-21 I
IB
m rwni I
IUJ
Don't Delay the ex
-IM(>, amination —to do so I
invites hazardous eye i
strain, permanent im- j
pairment.
y-21 I
IB
m rwni I
IUJ
Don't Delay the ex
-IM(>, amination —to do so I
invites hazardous eye i
strain, permanent im- j
pairment.
y-21 I
IB
m rwni I
IUJ
Don't Delay the ex
-IM(>, amination —to do so I
invites hazardous eye i
strain, permanent im- j
pairment.
y-21 I
IB
m rwni I
IUJ
Don't Delay the ex
-IM(>, amination —to do so I
invites hazardous eye i
strain, permanent im- j
pairment.
y-21 I
IB
m rwni I
IUJ
Don't Delay the ex
-IM(>, amination —to do so I
invites hazardous eye i
strain, permanent im- j
pairment.
y-21 I
