# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
'
Dancing Seven-Thirty Till One
JESSE STAFFORD
and his Orchestra
Scintillating symphonies...of
pound and color and light...
mysterious effects...ravishing
...romantic. Colorful rhapso
dies that visualize and intensi
fy Jesse Stafford's tingling
tempos ... that carry you to
rapturous heights. Agorpoona
experience enjoyed only im
the Palm Court.
The PALACE Hotel
SAN FRANCISCO
V.A-/
lfsnsgaineut •
D>un B. Mawwabiw#
'
Dancing Seven-Thirty Till One
JESSE STAFFORD
and his Orchestra
Scintillating symphonies...of
pound and color and light...
mysterious effects...ravishing
...romantic. Colorful rhapso
dies that visualize and intensi
fy Jesse Stafford's tingling
tempos ... that carry you to
rapturous heights. Agorpoona
experience enjoyed only im
the Palm Court.
The PALACE Hotel
SAN FRANCISCO
V.A-/
lfsnsgaineut •
D>un B. Mawwabiw#
'
Dancing Seven-Thirty Till One
JESSE STAFFORD
and his Orchestra
Scintillating symphonies...of
pound and color and light...
mysterious effects...ravishing
...romantic. Colorful rhapso
dies that visualize and intensi
fy Jesse Stafford's tingling
tempos ... that carry you to
rapturous heights. Agorpoona
experience enjoyed only im
the Palm Court.
The PALACE Hotel
SAN FRANCISCO
V.A-/
lfsnsgaineut •
D>un B. Mawwabiw#
'
Dancing Seven-Thirty Till One
JESSE STAFFORD
and his Orchestra
Scintillating symphonies...of
pound and color and light...
mysterious effects...ravishing
...romantic. Colorful rhapso
dies that visualize and intensi
fy Jesse Stafford's tingling
tempos ... that carry you to
rapturous heights. Agorpoona
experience enjoyed only im
the Palm Court.
The PALACE Hotel
SAN FRANCISCO
V.A-/
lfsnsgaineut •
D>un B. Mawwabiw#
'
Dancing Seven-Thirty Till One
JESSE STAFFORD
and his Orchestra
Scintillating symphonies...of
pound and color and light...
mysterious effects...ravishing
...romantic. Colorful rhapso
dies that visualize and intensi
fy Jesse Stafford's tingling
tempos ... that carry you to
rapturous heights. Agorpoona
experience enjoyed only im
the Palm Court.
The PALACE Hotel
SAN FRANCISCO
V.A-/
lfsnsgaineut •
D>un B. Mawwabiw#
'
Dancing Seven-Thirty Till One
JESSE STAFFORD
and his Orchestra
Scintillating symphonies...of
pound and color and light...
mysterious effects...ravishing
...romantic. Colorful rhapso
dies that visualize and intensi
fy Jesse Stafford's tingling
tempos ... that carry you to
rapturous heights. Agorpoona
experience enjoyed only im
the Palm Court.
The PALACE Hotel
SAN FRANCISCO
V.A-/
lfsnsgaineut •
D>un B. Mawwabiw#
'
Dancing Seven-Thirty Till One
JESSE STAFFORD
and his Orchestra
Scintillating symphonies...of
pound and color and light...
mysterious effects...ravishing
...romantic. Colorful rhapso
dies that visualize and intensi
fy Jesse Stafford's tingling
tempos ... that carry you to
rapturous heights. Agorpoona
experience enjoyed only im
the Palm Court.
The PALACE Hotel
SAN FRANCISCO
V.A-/
lfsnsgaineut •
D>un B. Mawwabiw#
'
Dancing Seven-Thirty Till One
JESSE STAFFORD
and his Orchestra
Scintillating symphonies...of
pound and color and light...
mysterious effects...ravishing
...romantic. Colorful rhapso
dies that visualize and intensi
fy Jesse Stafford's tingling
tempos ... that carry you to
rapturous heights. Agorpoona
experience enjoyed only im
the Palm Court.
The PALACE Hotel
SAN FRANCISCO
V.A-/
lfsnsgaineut •
D>un B. Mawwabiw#
'
Dancing Seven-Thirty Till One
JESSE STAFFORD
and his Orchestra
Scintillating symphonies...of
pound and color and light...
mysterious effects...ravishing
...romantic. Colorful rhapso
dies that visualize and intensi
fy Jesse Stafford's tingling
tempos ... that carry you to
rapturous heights. Agorpoona
experience enjoyed only im
the Palm Court.
The PALACE Hotel
SAN FRANCISCO
V.A-/
lfsnsgaineut •
D>un B. Mawwabiw#
'
Dancing Seven-Thirty Till One
JESSE STAFFORD
and his Orchestra
Scintillating symphonies...of
pound and color and light...
mysterious effects...ravishing
...romantic. Colorful rhapso
dies that visualize and intensi
fy Jesse Stafford's tingling
tempos ... that carry you to
rapturous heights. Agorpoona
experience enjoyed only im
the Palm Court.
The PALACE Hotel
SAN FRANCISCO
V.A-/
lfsnsgaineut •
D>un B. Mawwabiw#
'
Dancing Seven-Thirty Till One
JESSE STAFFORD
and his Orchestra
Scintillating symphonies...of
pound and color and light...
mysterious effects...ravishing
...romantic. Colorful rhapso
dies that visualize and intensi
fy Jesse Stafford's tingling
tempos ... that carry you to
rapturous heights. Agorpoona
experience enjoyed only im
the Palm Court.
The PALACE Hotel
SAN FRANCISCO
V.A-/
lfsnsgaineut •
D>un B. Mawwabiw#
'
Dancing Seven-Thirty Till One
JESSE STAFFORD
and his Orchestra
Scintillating symphonies...of
pound and color and light...
mysterious effects...ravishing
...romantic. Colorful rhapso
dies that visualize and intensi
fy Jesse Stafford's tingling
tempos ... that carry you to
rapturous heights. Agorpoona
experience enjoyed only im
the Palm Court.
The PALACE Hotel
SAN FRANCISCO
V.A-/
lfsnsgaineut •
D>un B. Mawwabiw#
'
Dancing Seven-Thirty Till One
JESSE STAFFORD
and his Orchestra
Scintillating symphonies...of
pound and color and light...
mysterious effects...ravishing
...romantic. Colorful rhapso
dies that visualize and intensi
fy Jesse Stafford's tingling
tempos ... that carry you to
rapturous heights. Agorpoona
experience enjoyed only im
the Palm Court.
The PALACE Hotel
SAN FRANCISCO
V.A-/
lfsnsgaineut •
D>un B. Mawwabiw#
'
Dancing Seven-Thirty Till One
JESSE STAFFORD
and his Orchestra
Scintillating symphonies...of
pound and color and light...
mysterious effects...ravishing
...romantic. Colorful rhapso
dies that visualize and intensi
fy Jesse Stafford's tingling
tempos ... that carry you to
rapturous heights. Agorpoona
experience enjoyed only im
the Palm Court.
The PALACE Hotel
SAN FRANCISCO
V.A-/
lfsnsgaineut •
D>un B. Mawwabiw#
'
Dancing Seven-Thirty Till One
JESSE STAFFORD
and his Orchestra
Scintillating symphonies...of
pound and color and light...
mysterious effects...ravishing
...romantic. Colorful rhapso
dies that visualize and intensi
fy Jesse Stafford's tingling
tempos ... that carry you to
rapturous heights. Agorpoona
experience enjoyed only im
the Palm Court.
The PALACE Hotel
SAN FRANCISCO
V.A-/
lfsnsgaineut •
D>un B. Mawwabiw#
'
Dancing Seven-Thirty Till One
JESSE STAFFORD
and his Orchestra
Scintillating symphonies...of
pound and color and light...
mysterious effects...ravishing
...romantic. Colorful rhapso
dies that visualize and intensi
fy Jesse Stafford's tingling
tempos ... that carry you to
rapturous heights. Agorpoona
experience enjoyed only im
the Palm Court.
The PALACE Hotel
SAN FRANCISCO
V.A-/
lfsnsgaineut •
D>un B. Mawwabiw#
'
Dancing Seven-Thirty Till One
JESSE STAFFORD
and his Orchestra
Scintillating symphonies...of
pound and color and light...
mysterious effects...ravishing
...romantic. Colorful rhapso
dies that visualize and intensi
fy Jesse Stafford's tingling
tempos ... that carry you to
rapturous heights. Agorpoona
experience enjoyed only im
the Palm Court.
The PALACE Hotel
SAN FRANCISCO
V.A-/
lfsnsgaineut •
D>un B. Mawwabiw#
