# Palo Alto D.A.R.'s Honor Jordan As Peace Prophet
## 
### 
The daily routine of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, convalescing from a recent
illness, was broken yesterday when a
committee of The Palo Alto Chapter
of the Daughters of the American
Revolution presented him at his home
with a resolution expressing deep
gratification for his activity as a
prophet in the disarmament move
ment.
"I have always been sure of the
ultimate triumph of peace," was Dr.
Jordan's response.
This action is a direct reversal of
the resolution made by the national
D.A.R. last spring when Dr. Jordan,
as well as a number of other men
who are famous for their work toward
the promotion of peace, were placed
on the "blacklist."
The daily routine of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, convalescing from a recent
illness, was broken yesterday when a
committee of The Palo Alto Chapter
of the Daughters of the American
Revolution presented him at his home
with a resolution expressing deep
gratification for his activity as a
prophet in the disarmament move
ment.
"I have always been sure of the
ultimate triumph of peace," was Dr.
Jordan's response.
This action is a direct reversal of
the resolution made by the national
D.A.R. last spring when Dr. Jordan,
as well as a number of other men
who are famous for their work toward
the promotion of peace, were placed
on the "blacklist."
The daily routine of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, convalescing from a recent
illness, was broken yesterday when a
committee of The Palo Alto Chapter
of the Daughters of the American
Revolution presented him at his home
with a resolution expressing deep
gratification for his activity as a
prophet in the disarmament move
ment.
"I have always been sure of the
ultimate triumph of peace," was Dr.
Jordan's response.
This action is a direct reversal of
the resolution made by the national
D.A.R. last spring when Dr. Jordan,
as well as a number of other men
who are famous for their work toward
the promotion of peace, were placed
on the "blacklist."
The daily routine of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, convalescing from a recent
illness, was broken yesterday when a
committee of The Palo Alto Chapter
of the Daughters of the American
Revolution presented him at his home
with a resolution expressing deep
gratification for his activity as a
prophet in the disarmament move
ment.
"I have always been sure of the
ultimate triumph of peace," was Dr.
Jordan's response.
This action is a direct reversal of
the resolution made by the national
D.A.R. last spring when Dr. Jordan,
as well as a number of other men
who are famous for their work toward
the promotion of peace, were placed
on the "blacklist."
The daily routine of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, convalescing from a recent
illness, was broken yesterday when a
committee of The Palo Alto Chapter
of the Daughters of the American
Revolution presented him at his home
with a resolution expressing deep
gratification for his activity as a
prophet in the disarmament move
ment.
"I have always been sure of the
ultimate triumph of peace," was Dr.
Jordan's response.
This action is a direct reversal of
the resolution made by the national
D.A.R. last spring when Dr. Jordan,
as well as a number of other men
who are famous for their work toward
the promotion of peace, were placed
on the "blacklist."
The daily routine of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, convalescing from a recent
illness, was broken yesterday when a
committee of The Palo Alto Chapter
of the Daughters of the American
Revolution presented him at his home
with a resolution expressing deep
gratification for his activity as a
prophet in the disarmament move
ment.
"I have always been sure of the
ultimate triumph of peace," was Dr.
Jordan's response.
This action is a direct reversal of
the resolution made by the national
D.A.R. last spring when Dr. Jordan,
as well as a number of other men
who are famous for their work toward
the promotion of peace, were placed
on the "blacklist."
The daily routine of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, convalescing from a recent
illness, was broken yesterday when a
committee of The Palo Alto Chapter
of the Daughters of the American
Revolution presented him at his home
with a resolution expressing deep
gratification for his activity as a
prophet in the disarmament move
ment.
"I have always been sure of the
ultimate triumph of peace," was Dr.
Jordan's response.
This action is a direct reversal of
the resolution made by the national
D.A.R. last spring when Dr. Jordan,
as well as a number of other men
who are famous for their work toward
the promotion of peace, were placed
on the "blacklist."
The daily routine of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, convalescing from a recent
illness, was broken yesterday when a
committee of The Palo Alto Chapter
of the Daughters of the American
Revolution presented him at his home
with a resolution expressing deep
gratification for his activity as a
prophet in the disarmament move
ment.
"I have always been sure of the
ultimate triumph of peace," was Dr.
Jordan's response.
This action is a direct reversal of
the resolution made by the national
D.A.R. last spring when Dr. Jordan,
as well as a number of other men
who are famous for their work toward
the promotion of peace, were placed
on the "blacklist."
The daily routine of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, convalescing from a recent
illness, was broken yesterday when a
committee of The Palo Alto Chapter
of the Daughters of the American
Revolution presented him at his home
with a resolution expressing deep
gratification for his activity as a
prophet in the disarmament move
ment.
"I have always been sure of the
ultimate triumph of peace," was Dr.
Jordan's response.
This action is a direct reversal of
the resolution made by the national
D.A.R. last spring when Dr. Jordan,
as well as a number of other men
who are famous for their work toward
the promotion of peace, were placed
on the "blacklist."
The daily routine of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, convalescing from a recent
illness, was broken yesterday when a
committee of The Palo Alto Chapter
of the Daughters of the American
Revolution presented him at his home
with a resolution expressing deep
gratification for his activity as a
prophet in the disarmament move
ment.
"I have always been sure of the
ultimate triumph of peace," was Dr.
Jordan's response.
This action is a direct reversal of
the resolution made by the national
D.A.R. last spring when Dr. Jordan,
as well as a number of other men
who are famous for their work toward
the promotion of peace, were placed
on the "blacklist."
The daily routine of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, convalescing from a recent
illness, was broken yesterday when a
committee of The Palo Alto Chapter
of the Daughters of the American
Revolution presented him at his home
with a resolution expressing deep
gratification for his activity as a
prophet in the disarmament move
ment.
"I have always been sure of the
ultimate triumph of peace," was Dr.
Jordan's response.
This action is a direct reversal of
the resolution made by the national
D.A.R. last spring when Dr. Jordan,
as well as a number of other men
who are famous for their work toward
the promotion of peace, were placed
on the "blacklist."
The daily routine of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, convalescing from a recent
illness, was broken yesterday when a
committee of The Palo Alto Chapter
of the Daughters of the American
Revolution presented him at his home
with a resolution expressing deep
gratification for his activity as a
prophet in the disarmament move
ment.
"I have always been sure of the
ultimate triumph of peace," was Dr.
Jordan's response.
This action is a direct reversal of
the resolution made by the national
D.A.R. last spring when Dr. Jordan,
as well as a number of other men
who are famous for their work toward
the promotion of peace, were placed
on the "blacklist."
The daily routine of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, convalescing from a recent
illness, was broken yesterday when a
committee of The Palo Alto Chapter
of the Daughters of the American
Revolution presented him at his home
with a resolution expressing deep
gratification for his activity as a
prophet in the disarmament move
ment.
"I have always been sure of the
ultimate triumph of peace," was Dr.
Jordan's response.
This action is a direct reversal of
the resolution made by the national
D.A.R. last spring when Dr. Jordan,
as well as a number of other men
who are famous for their work toward
the promotion of peace, were placed
on the "blacklist."
The daily routine of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, convalescing from a recent
illness, was broken yesterday when a
committee of The Palo Alto Chapter
of the Daughters of the American
Revolution presented him at his home
with a resolution expressing deep
gratification for his activity as a
prophet in the disarmament move
ment.
"I have always been sure of the
ultimate triumph of peace," was Dr.
Jordan's response.
This action is a direct reversal of
the resolution made by the national
D.A.R. last spring when Dr. Jordan,
as well as a number of other men
who are famous for their work toward
the promotion of peace, were placed
on the "blacklist."
The daily routine of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, convalescing from a recent
illness, was broken yesterday when a
committee of The Palo Alto Chapter
of the Daughters of the American
Revolution presented him at his home
with a resolution expressing deep
gratification for his activity as a
prophet in the disarmament move
ment.
"I have always been sure of the
ultimate triumph of peace," was Dr.
Jordan's response.
This action is a direct reversal of
the resolution made by the national
D.A.R. last spring when Dr. Jordan,
as well as a number of other men
who are famous for their work toward
the promotion of peace, were placed
on the "blacklist."
The daily routine of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, convalescing from a recent
illness, was broken yesterday when a
committee of The Palo Alto Chapter
of the Daughters of the American
Revolution presented him at his home
with a resolution expressing deep
gratification for his activity as a
prophet in the disarmament move
ment.
"I have always been sure of the
ultimate triumph of peace," was Dr.
Jordan's response.
This action is a direct reversal of
the resolution made by the national
D.A.R. last spring when Dr. Jordan,
as well as a number of other men
who are famous for their work toward
the promotion of peace, were placed
on the "blacklist."
The daily routine of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, convalescing from a recent
illness, was broken yesterday when a
committee of The Palo Alto Chapter
of the Daughters of the American
Revolution presented him at his home
with a resolution expressing deep
gratification for his activity as a
prophet in the disarmament move
ment.
"I have always been sure of the
ultimate triumph of peace," was Dr.
Jordan's response.
This action is a direct reversal of
the resolution made by the national
D.A.R. last spring when Dr. Jordan,
as well as a number of other men
who are famous for their work toward
the promotion of peace, were placed
on the "blacklist."
