# CLASSICAL LITERATURE FELLOWSHIPS OFFERED FOR STUDY IN GREECE
## 
### 
Three fellowships, each with a sti
pend of $1200, are being offered for
the year 1930-31 by the American
School of Classical Studies at Athens,
according to recent announcement by
the Stanford Classical Literature De
partment.
Two of the fellowships are to be
given in Greek archaeology and the
other will be awarded in the language,
literature, and history of Ancient
Greece. They are open to graduates of
universities in the United States and
are based on the results of competi
tive examinations to be held in March.
Three fellowships, each with a sti
pend of $1200, are being offered for
the year 1930-31 by the American
School of Classical Studies at Athens,
according to recent announcement by
the Stanford Classical Literature De
partment.
Two of the fellowships are to be
given in Greek archaeology and the
other will be awarded in the language,
literature, and history of Ancient
Greece. They are open to graduates of
universities in the United States and
are based on the results of competi
tive examinations to be held in March.
Three fellowships, each with a sti
pend of $1200, are being offered for
the year 1930-31 by the American
School of Classical Studies at Athens,
according to recent announcement by
the Stanford Classical Literature De
partment.
Two of the fellowships are to be
given in Greek archaeology and the
other will be awarded in the language,
literature, and history of Ancient
Greece. They are open to graduates of
universities in the United States and
are based on the results of competi
tive examinations to be held in March.
Three fellowships, each with a sti
pend of $1200, are being offered for
the year 1930-31 by the American
School of Classical Studies at Athens,
according to recent announcement by
the Stanford Classical Literature De
partment.
Two of the fellowships are to be
given in Greek archaeology and the
other will be awarded in the language,
literature, and history of Ancient
Greece. They are open to graduates of
universities in the United States and
are based on the results of competi
tive examinations to be held in March.
Three fellowships, each with a sti
pend of $1200, are being offered for
the year 1930-31 by the American
School of Classical Studies at Athens,
according to recent announcement by
the Stanford Classical Literature De
partment.
Two of the fellowships are to be
given in Greek archaeology and the
other will be awarded in the language,
literature, and history of Ancient
Greece. They are open to graduates of
universities in the United States and
are based on the results of competi
tive examinations to be held in March.
Three fellowships, each with a sti
pend of $1200, are being offered for
the year 1930-31 by the American
School of Classical Studies at Athens,
according to recent announcement by
the Stanford Classical Literature De
partment.
Two of the fellowships are to be
given in Greek archaeology and the
other will be awarded in the language,
literature, and history of Ancient
Greece. They are open to graduates of
universities in the United States and
are based on the results of competi
tive examinations to be held in March.
Three fellowships, each with a sti
pend of $1200, are being offered for
the year 1930-31 by the American
School of Classical Studies at Athens,
according to recent announcement by
the Stanford Classical Literature De
partment.
Two of the fellowships are to be
given in Greek archaeology and the
other will be awarded in the language,
literature, and history of Ancient
Greece. They are open to graduates of
universities in the United States and
are based on the results of competi
tive examinations to be held in March.
Three fellowships, each with a sti
pend of $1200, are being offered for
the year 1930-31 by the American
School of Classical Studies at Athens,
according to recent announcement by
the Stanford Classical Literature De
partment.
Two of the fellowships are to be
given in Greek archaeology and the
other will be awarded in the language,
literature, and history of Ancient
Greece. They are open to graduates of
universities in the United States and
are based on the results of competi
tive examinations to be held in March.
Three fellowships, each with a sti
pend of $1200, are being offered for
the year 1930-31 by the American
School of Classical Studies at Athens,
according to recent announcement by
the Stanford Classical Literature De
partment.
Two of the fellowships are to be
given in Greek archaeology and the
other will be awarded in the language,
literature, and history of Ancient
Greece. They are open to graduates of
universities in the United States and
are based on the results of competi
tive examinations to be held in March.
Three fellowships, each with a sti
pend of $1200, are being offered for
the year 1930-31 by the American
School of Classical Studies at Athens,
according to recent announcement by
the Stanford Classical Literature De
partment.
Two of the fellowships are to be
given in Greek archaeology and the
other will be awarded in the language,
literature, and history of Ancient
Greece. They are open to graduates of
universities in the United States and
are based on the results of competi
tive examinations to be held in March.
Three fellowships, each with a sti
pend of $1200, are being offered for
the year 1930-31 by the American
School of Classical Studies at Athens,
according to recent announcement by
the Stanford Classical Literature De
partment.
Two of the fellowships are to be
given in Greek archaeology and the
other will be awarded in the language,
literature, and history of Ancient
Greece. They are open to graduates of
universities in the United States and
are based on the results of competi
tive examinations to be held in March.
Three fellowships, each with a sti
pend of $1200, are being offered for
the year 1930-31 by the American
School of Classical Studies at Athens,
according to recent announcement by
the Stanford Classical Literature De
partment.
Two of the fellowships are to be
given in Greek archaeology and the
other will be awarded in the language,
literature, and history of Ancient
Greece. They are open to graduates of
universities in the United States and
are based on the results of competi
tive examinations to be held in March.
Three fellowships, each with a sti
pend of $1200, are being offered for
the year 1930-31 by the American
School of Classical Studies at Athens,
according to recent announcement by
the Stanford Classical Literature De
partment.
Two of the fellowships are to be
given in Greek archaeology and the
other will be awarded in the language,
literature, and history of Ancient
Greece. They are open to graduates of
universities in the United States and
are based on the results of competi
tive examinations to be held in March.
Three fellowships, each with a sti
pend of $1200, are being offered for
the year 1930-31 by the American
School of Classical Studies at Athens,
according to recent announcement by
the Stanford Classical Literature De
partment.
Two of the fellowships are to be
given in Greek archaeology and the
other will be awarded in the language,
literature, and history of Ancient
Greece. They are open to graduates of
universities in the United States and
are based on the results of competi
tive examinations to be held in March.
Three fellowships, each with a sti
pend of $1200, are being offered for
the year 1930-31 by the American
School of Classical Studies at Athens,
according to recent announcement by
the Stanford Classical Literature De
partment.
Two of the fellowships are to be
given in Greek archaeology and the
other will be awarded in the language,
literature, and history of Ancient
Greece. They are open to graduates of
universities in the United States and
are based on the results of competi
tive examinations to be held in March.
Three fellowships, each with a sti
pend of $1200, are being offered for
the year 1930-31 by the American
School of Classical Studies at Athens,
according to recent announcement by
the Stanford Classical Literature De
partment.
Two of the fellowships are to be
given in Greek archaeology and the
other will be awarded in the language,
literature, and history of Ancient
Greece. They are open to graduates of
universities in the United States and
are based on the results of competi
tive examinations to be held in March.
Three fellowships, each with a sti
pend of $1200, are being offered for
the year 1930-31 by the American
School of Classical Studies at Athens,
according to recent announcement by
the Stanford Classical Literature De
partment.
Two of the fellowships are to be
given in Greek archaeology and the
other will be awarded in the language,
literature, and history of Ancient
Greece. They are open to graduates of
universities in the United States and
are based on the results of competi
tive examinations to be held in March.
