# CAP AND GOWN ELECTION
## 
### 
Cap and Gown, senior women's hon
orary society, announces the election
of Rosamond Clarke, Miriam Miller,
and Helen Thompson.
Cap and Gown, senior women's hon
orary society, announces the election
of Rosamond Clarke, Miriam Miller,
and Helen Thompson.
Cap and Gown, senior women's hon
orary society, announces the election
of Rosamond Clarke, Miriam Miller,
and Helen Thompson.
Cap and Gown, senior women's hon
orary society, announces the election
of Rosamond Clarke, Miriam Miller,
and Helen Thompson.
Cap and Gown, senior women's hon
orary society, announces the election
of Rosamond Clarke, Miriam Miller,
and Helen Thompson.
Cap and Gown, senior women's hon
orary society, announces the election
of Rosamond Clarke, Miriam Miller,
and Helen Thompson.
Cap and Gown, senior women's hon
orary society, announces the election
of Rosamond Clarke, Miriam Miller,
and Helen Thompson.
Cap and Gown, senior women's hon
orary society, announces the election
of Rosamond Clarke, Miriam Miller,
and Helen Thompson.
Cap and Gown, senior women's hon
orary society, announces the election
of Rosamond Clarke, Miriam Miller,
and Helen Thompson.
Cap and Gown, senior women's hon
orary society, announces the election
of Rosamond Clarke, Miriam Miller,
and Helen Thompson.
Cap and Gown, senior women's hon
orary society, announces the election
of Rosamond Clarke, Miriam Miller,
and Helen Thompson.
Cap and Gown, senior women's hon
orary society, announces the election
of Rosamond Clarke, Miriam Miller,
and Helen Thompson.
Cap and Gown, senior women's hon
orary society, announces the election
of Rosamond Clarke, Miriam Miller,
and Helen Thompson.
Cap and Gown, senior women's hon
orary society, announces the election
of Rosamond Clarke, Miriam Miller,
and Helen Thompson.
Cap and Gown, senior women's hon
orary society, announces the election
of Rosamond Clarke, Miriam Miller,
and Helen Thompson.
Cap and Gown, senior women's hon
orary society, announces the election
of Rosamond Clarke, Miriam Miller,
and Helen Thompson.
Cap and Gown, senior women's hon
orary society, announces the election
of Rosamond Clarke, Miriam Miller,
and Helen Thompson.
