# BABE SPLASHERS WIN OVER PALY HIGH, 10-3
## 
### 
In an encounter featured by the
spectacular play of Vlad Taranik,
the Indian babe water poloists out
scored Palo Alto High School, 10 to
3, yesterday at the Encina pool.
Taranik was a bulwark of strength
to his side both offensively and de
fensively, and accounted for four
Indian tallies. Jim Triolo also was
responsible for four points, and
Chuck Boothe chalked up two. Bpth
of these men played fine defensive
games.
In an encounter featured by the
spectacular play of Vlad Taranik,
the Indian babe water poloists out
scored Palo Alto High School, 10 to
3, yesterday at the Encina pool.
Taranik was a bulwark of strength
to his side both offensively and de
fensively, and accounted for four
Indian tallies. Jim Triolo also was
responsible for four points, and
Chuck Boothe chalked up two. Bpth
of these men played fine defensive
games.
In an encounter featured by the
spectacular play of Vlad Taranik,
the Indian babe water poloists out
scored Palo Alto High School, 10 to
3, yesterday at the Encina pool.
Taranik was a bulwark of strength
to his side both offensively and de
fensively, and accounted for four
Indian tallies. Jim Triolo also was
responsible for four points, and
Chuck Boothe chalked up two. Bpth
of these men played fine defensive
games.
In an encounter featured by the
spectacular play of Vlad Taranik,
the Indian babe water poloists out
scored Palo Alto High School, 10 to
3, yesterday at the Encina pool.
Taranik was a bulwark of strength
to his side both offensively and de
fensively, and accounted for four
Indian tallies. Jim Triolo also was
responsible for four points, and
Chuck Boothe chalked up two. Bpth
of these men played fine defensive
games.
In an encounter featured by the
spectacular play of Vlad Taranik,
the Indian babe water poloists out
scored Palo Alto High School, 10 to
3, yesterday at the Encina pool.
Taranik was a bulwark of strength
to his side both offensively and de
fensively, and accounted for four
Indian tallies. Jim Triolo also was
responsible for four points, and
Chuck Boothe chalked up two. Bpth
of these men played fine defensive
games.
In an encounter featured by the
spectacular play of Vlad Taranik,
the Indian babe water poloists out
scored Palo Alto High School, 10 to
3, yesterday at the Encina pool.
Taranik was a bulwark of strength
to his side both offensively and de
fensively, and accounted for four
Indian tallies. Jim Triolo also was
responsible for four points, and
Chuck Boothe chalked up two. Bpth
of these men played fine defensive
games.
In an encounter featured by the
spectacular play of Vlad Taranik,
the Indian babe water poloists out
scored Palo Alto High School, 10 to
3, yesterday at the Encina pool.
Taranik was a bulwark of strength
to his side both offensively and de
fensively, and accounted for four
Indian tallies. Jim Triolo also was
responsible for four points, and
Chuck Boothe chalked up two. Bpth
of these men played fine defensive
games.
In an encounter featured by the
spectacular play of Vlad Taranik,
the Indian babe water poloists out
scored Palo Alto High School, 10 to
3, yesterday at the Encina pool.
Taranik was a bulwark of strength
to his side both offensively and de
fensively, and accounted for four
Indian tallies. Jim Triolo also was
responsible for four points, and
Chuck Boothe chalked up two. Bpth
of these men played fine defensive
games.
In an encounter featured by the
spectacular play of Vlad Taranik,
the Indian babe water poloists out
scored Palo Alto High School, 10 to
3, yesterday at the Encina pool.
Taranik was a bulwark of strength
to his side both offensively and de
fensively, and accounted for four
Indian tallies. Jim Triolo also was
responsible for four points, and
Chuck Boothe chalked up two. Bpth
of these men played fine defensive
games.
In an encounter featured by the
spectacular play of Vlad Taranik,
the Indian babe water poloists out
scored Palo Alto High School, 10 to
3, yesterday at the Encina pool.
Taranik was a bulwark of strength
to his side both offensively and de
fensively, and accounted for four
Indian tallies. Jim Triolo also was
responsible for four points, and
Chuck Boothe chalked up two. Bpth
of these men played fine defensive
games.
In an encounter featured by the
spectacular play of Vlad Taranik,
the Indian babe water poloists out
scored Palo Alto High School, 10 to
3, yesterday at the Encina pool.
Taranik was a bulwark of strength
to his side both offensively and de
fensively, and accounted for four
Indian tallies. Jim Triolo also was
responsible for four points, and
Chuck Boothe chalked up two. Bpth
of these men played fine defensive
games.
In an encounter featured by the
spectacular play of Vlad Taranik,
the Indian babe water poloists out
scored Palo Alto High School, 10 to
3, yesterday at the Encina pool.
Taranik was a bulwark of strength
to his side both offensively and de
fensively, and accounted for four
Indian tallies. Jim Triolo also was
responsible for four points, and
Chuck Boothe chalked up two. Bpth
of these men played fine defensive
games.
In an encounter featured by the
spectacular play of Vlad Taranik,
the Indian babe water poloists out
scored Palo Alto High School, 10 to
3, yesterday at the Encina pool.
Taranik was a bulwark of strength
to his side both offensively and de
fensively, and accounted for four
Indian tallies. Jim Triolo also was
responsible for four points, and
Chuck Boothe chalked up two. Bpth
of these men played fine defensive
games.
In an encounter featured by the
spectacular play of Vlad Taranik,
the Indian babe water poloists out
scored Palo Alto High School, 10 to
3, yesterday at the Encina pool.
Taranik was a bulwark of strength
to his side both offensively and de
fensively, and accounted for four
Indian tallies. Jim Triolo also was
responsible for four points, and
Chuck Boothe chalked up two. Bpth
of these men played fine defensive
games.
In an encounter featured by the
spectacular play of Vlad Taranik,
the Indian babe water poloists out
scored Palo Alto High School, 10 to
3, yesterday at the Encina pool.
Taranik was a bulwark of strength
to his side both offensively and de
fensively, and accounted for four
Indian tallies. Jim Triolo also was
responsible for four points, and
Chuck Boothe chalked up two. Bpth
of these men played fine defensive
games.
In an encounter featured by the
spectacular play of Vlad Taranik,
the Indian babe water poloists out
scored Palo Alto High School, 10 to
3, yesterday at the Encina pool.
Taranik was a bulwark of strength
to his side both offensively and de
fensively, and accounted for four
Indian tallies. Jim Triolo also was
responsible for four points, and
Chuck Boothe chalked up two. Bpth
of these men played fine defensive
games.
