# FACULTY MEMBERS TO GIVE ENTRANCE TESTS
## 
### 
Several members of the faculty
and administration will leave the
middle of next month for a tour of
California and other western slates
for th" purpose of giving the Stan
ford entrance examinations to pros
pective students.
Those who have been assigned to
administer the test in various re
gions are: Grover C. Hooker, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, and Dr. Karl M.
Cowdery. They will return early in
March.
Several members of the faculty
and administration will leave the
middle of next month for a tour of
California and other western slates
for th" purpose of giving the Stan
ford entrance examinations to pros
pective students.
Those who have been assigned to
administer the test in various re
gions are: Grover C. Hooker, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, and Dr. Karl M.
Cowdery. They will return early in
March.
Several members of the faculty
and administration will leave the
middle of next month for a tour of
California and other western slates
for th" purpose of giving the Stan
ford entrance examinations to pros
pective students.
Those who have been assigned to
administer the test in various re
gions are: Grover C. Hooker, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, and Dr. Karl M.
Cowdery. They will return early in
March.
Several members of the faculty
and administration will leave the
middle of next month for a tour of
California and other western slates
for th" purpose of giving the Stan
ford entrance examinations to pros
pective students.
Those who have been assigned to
administer the test in various re
gions are: Grover C. Hooker, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, and Dr. Karl M.
Cowdery. They will return early in
March.
Several members of the faculty
and administration will leave the
middle of next month for a tour of
California and other western slates
for th" purpose of giving the Stan
ford entrance examinations to pros
pective students.
Those who have been assigned to
administer the test in various re
gions are: Grover C. Hooker, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, and Dr. Karl M.
Cowdery. They will return early in
March.
Several members of the faculty
and administration will leave the
middle of next month for a tour of
California and other western slates
for th" purpose of giving the Stan
ford entrance examinations to pros
pective students.
Those who have been assigned to
administer the test in various re
gions are: Grover C. Hooker, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, and Dr. Karl M.
Cowdery. They will return early in
March.
Several members of the faculty
and administration will leave the
middle of next month for a tour of
California and other western slates
for th" purpose of giving the Stan
ford entrance examinations to pros
pective students.
Those who have been assigned to
administer the test in various re
gions are: Grover C. Hooker, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, and Dr. Karl M.
Cowdery. They will return early in
March.
Several members of the faculty
and administration will leave the
middle of next month for a tour of
California and other western slates
for th" purpose of giving the Stan
ford entrance examinations to pros
pective students.
Those who have been assigned to
administer the test in various re
gions are: Grover C. Hooker, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, and Dr. Karl M.
Cowdery. They will return early in
March.
Several members of the faculty
and administration will leave the
middle of next month for a tour of
California and other western slates
for th" purpose of giving the Stan
ford entrance examinations to pros
pective students.
Those who have been assigned to
administer the test in various re
gions are: Grover C. Hooker, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, and Dr. Karl M.
Cowdery. They will return early in
March.
Several members of the faculty
and administration will leave the
middle of next month for a tour of
California and other western slates
for th" purpose of giving the Stan
ford entrance examinations to pros
pective students.
Those who have been assigned to
administer the test in various re
gions are: Grover C. Hooker, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, and Dr. Karl M.
Cowdery. They will return early in
March.
Several members of the faculty
and administration will leave the
middle of next month for a tour of
California and other western slates
for th" purpose of giving the Stan
ford entrance examinations to pros
pective students.
Those who have been assigned to
administer the test in various re
gions are: Grover C. Hooker, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, and Dr. Karl M.
Cowdery. They will return early in
March.
Several members of the faculty
and administration will leave the
middle of next month for a tour of
California and other western slates
for th" purpose of giving the Stan
ford entrance examinations to pros
pective students.
Those who have been assigned to
administer the test in various re
gions are: Grover C. Hooker, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, and Dr. Karl M.
Cowdery. They will return early in
March.
Several members of the faculty
and administration will leave the
middle of next month for a tour of
California and other western slates
for th" purpose of giving the Stan
ford entrance examinations to pros
pective students.
Those who have been assigned to
administer the test in various re
gions are: Grover C. Hooker, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, and Dr. Karl M.
Cowdery. They will return early in
March.
Several members of the faculty
and administration will leave the
middle of next month for a tour of
California and other western slates
for th" purpose of giving the Stan
ford entrance examinations to pros
pective students.
Those who have been assigned to
administer the test in various re
gions are: Grover C. Hooker, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, and Dr. Karl M.
Cowdery. They will return early in
March.
Several members of the faculty
and administration will leave the
middle of next month for a tour of
California and other western slates
for th" purpose of giving the Stan
ford entrance examinations to pros
pective students.
Those who have been assigned to
administer the test in various re
gions are: Grover C. Hooker, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, and Dr. Karl M.
Cowdery. They will return early in
March.
Several members of the faculty
and administration will leave the
middle of next month for a tour of
California and other western slates
for th" purpose of giving the Stan
ford entrance examinations to pros
pective students.
Those who have been assigned to
administer the test in various re
gions are: Grover C. Hooker, C.
Gilbert Wrenn, and Dr. Karl M.
Cowdery. They will return early in
March.
