# Adv. 21 Page 4
## 
### 
§RECAPPINB
THAT STAYS PUT WHEN
YOU GO PLACES
You can depend on fast, low
cost Goodyear Extra-Mileage
Becapping to see you safely,
over thousands of
SELLAR'S
TIRE
ERVICE
513 High Street Phone 21 142
§RECAPPINB
THAT STAYS PUT WHEN
YOU GO PLACES
You can depend on fast, low
cost Goodyear Extra-Mileage
Becapping to see you safely,
over thousands of
SELLAR'S
TIRE
ERVICE
513 High Street Phone 21 142
§RECAPPINB
THAT STAYS PUT WHEN
YOU GO PLACES
You can depend on fast, low
cost Goodyear Extra-Mileage
Becapping to see you safely,
over thousands of
SELLAR'S
TIRE
ERVICE
513 High Street Phone 21 142
§RECAPPINB
THAT STAYS PUT WHEN
YOU GO PLACES
You can depend on fast, low
cost Goodyear Extra-Mileage
Becapping to see you safely,
over thousands of
SELLAR'S
TIRE
ERVICE
513 High Street Phone 21 142
§RECAPPINB
THAT STAYS PUT WHEN
YOU GO PLACES
You can depend on fast, low
cost Goodyear Extra-Mileage
Becapping to see you safely,
over thousands of
SELLAR'S
TIRE
ERVICE
513 High Street Phone 21 142
§RECAPPINB
THAT STAYS PUT WHEN
YOU GO PLACES
You can depend on fast, low
cost Goodyear Extra-Mileage
Becapping to see you safely,
over thousands of
SELLAR'S
TIRE
ERVICE
513 High Street Phone 21 142
§RECAPPINB
THAT STAYS PUT WHEN
YOU GO PLACES
You can depend on fast, low
cost Goodyear Extra-Mileage
Becapping to see you safely,
over thousands of
SELLAR'S
TIRE
ERVICE
513 High Street Phone 21 142
§RECAPPINB
THAT STAYS PUT WHEN
YOU GO PLACES
You can depend on fast, low
cost Goodyear Extra-Mileage
Becapping to see you safely,
over thousands of
SELLAR'S
TIRE
ERVICE
513 High Street Phone 21 142
§RECAPPINB
THAT STAYS PUT WHEN
YOU GO PLACES
You can depend on fast, low
cost Goodyear Extra-Mileage
Becapping to see you safely,
over thousands of
SELLAR'S
TIRE
ERVICE
513 High Street Phone 21 142
§RECAPPINB
THAT STAYS PUT WHEN
YOU GO PLACES
You can depend on fast, low
cost Goodyear Extra-Mileage
Becapping to see you safely,
over thousands of
SELLAR'S
TIRE
ERVICE
513 High Street Phone 21 142
§RECAPPINB
THAT STAYS PUT WHEN
YOU GO PLACES
You can depend on fast, low
cost Goodyear Extra-Mileage
Becapping to see you safely,
over thousands of
SELLAR'S
TIRE
ERVICE
513 High Street Phone 21 142
§RECAPPINB
THAT STAYS PUT WHEN
YOU GO PLACES
You can depend on fast, low
cost Goodyear Extra-Mileage
Becapping to see you safely,
over thousands of
SELLAR'S
TIRE
ERVICE
513 High Street Phone 21 142
§RECAPPINB
THAT STAYS PUT WHEN
YOU GO PLACES
You can depend on fast, low
cost Goodyear Extra-Mileage
Becapping to see you safely,
over thousands of
SELLAR'S
TIRE
ERVICE
513 High Street Phone 21 142
§RECAPPINB
THAT STAYS PUT WHEN
YOU GO PLACES
You can depend on fast, low
cost Goodyear Extra-Mileage
Becapping to see you safely,
over thousands of
SELLAR'S
TIRE
ERVICE
513 High Street Phone 21 142
§RECAPPINB
THAT STAYS PUT WHEN
YOU GO PLACES
You can depend on fast, low
cost Goodyear Extra-Mileage
Becapping to see you safely,
over thousands of
SELLAR'S
TIRE
ERVICE
513 High Street Phone 21 142
