# Adv. 21 Page 6
## 
### 
lamßMnaunnMi
Hlililiililill
MATINEES DAILY at 2 P.M. |'
LAST TIMES TODAY f
ROBERT DONAT «
ROSALIND RUSSELL }
"THE CITADEL" I
A. |. Cronin's sensational
best seller!
—Also—
Phillip Barry's
("SPRING
MADNESS"
With
LEW AYRES
MAUREEN O'SULLIVAN
BURGESS MEREDITH
)OYCE COMPTON
lamßMnaunnMi
Hlililiililill
MATINEES DAILY at 2 P.M. |'
LAST TIMES TODAY f
ROBERT DONAT «
ROSALIND RUSSELL }
"THE CITADEL" I
A. |. Cronin's sensational
best seller!
—Also—
Phillip Barry's
("SPRING
MADNESS"
With
LEW AYRES
MAUREEN O'SULLIVAN
BURGESS MEREDITH
)OYCE COMPTON
lamßMnaunnMi
Hlililiililill
MATINEES DAILY at 2 P.M. |'
LAST TIMES TODAY f
ROBERT DONAT «
ROSALIND RUSSELL }
"THE CITADEL" I
A. |. Cronin's sensational
best seller!
—Also—
Phillip Barry's
("SPRING
MADNESS"
With
LEW AYRES
MAUREEN O'SULLIVAN
BURGESS MEREDITH
)OYCE COMPTON
lamßMnaunnMi
Hlililiililill
MATINEES DAILY at 2 P.M. |'
LAST TIMES TODAY f
ROBERT DONAT «
ROSALIND RUSSELL }
"THE CITADEL" I
A. |. Cronin's sensational
best seller!
—Also—
Phillip Barry's
("SPRING
MADNESS"
With
LEW AYRES
MAUREEN O'SULLIVAN
BURGESS MEREDITH
)OYCE COMPTON
lamßMnaunnMi
Hlililiililill
MATINEES DAILY at 2 P.M. |'
LAST TIMES TODAY f
ROBERT DONAT «
ROSALIND RUSSELL }
"THE CITADEL" I
A. |. Cronin's sensational
best seller!
—Also—
Phillip Barry's
("SPRING
MADNESS"
With
LEW AYRES
MAUREEN O'SULLIVAN
BURGESS MEREDITH
)OYCE COMPTON
lamßMnaunnMi
Hlililiililill
MATINEES DAILY at 2 P.M. |'
LAST TIMES TODAY f
ROBERT DONAT «
ROSALIND RUSSELL }
"THE CITADEL" I
A. |. Cronin's sensational
best seller!
—Also—
Phillip Barry's
("SPRING
MADNESS"
With
LEW AYRES
MAUREEN O'SULLIVAN
BURGESS MEREDITH
)OYCE COMPTON
lamßMnaunnMi
Hlililiililill
MATINEES DAILY at 2 P.M. |'
LAST TIMES TODAY f
ROBERT DONAT «
ROSALIND RUSSELL }
"THE CITADEL" I
A. |. Cronin's sensational
best seller!
—Also—
Phillip Barry's
("SPRING
MADNESS"
With
LEW AYRES
MAUREEN O'SULLIVAN
BURGESS MEREDITH
)OYCE COMPTON
lamßMnaunnMi
Hlililiililill
MATINEES DAILY at 2 P.M. |'
LAST TIMES TODAY f
ROBERT DONAT «
ROSALIND RUSSELL }
"THE CITADEL" I
A. |. Cronin's sensational
best seller!
—Also—
Phillip Barry's
("SPRING
MADNESS"
With
LEW AYRES
MAUREEN O'SULLIVAN
BURGESS MEREDITH
)OYCE COMPTON
lamßMnaunnMi
Hlililiililill
MATINEES DAILY at 2 P.M. |'
LAST TIMES TODAY f
ROBERT DONAT «
ROSALIND RUSSELL }
"THE CITADEL" I
A. |. Cronin's sensational
best seller!
—Also—
Phillip Barry's
("SPRING
MADNESS"
With
LEW AYRES
MAUREEN O'SULLIVAN
BURGESS MEREDITH
)OYCE COMPTON
lamßMnaunnMi
Hlililiililill
MATINEES DAILY at 2 P.M. |'
LAST TIMES TODAY f
ROBERT DONAT «
ROSALIND RUSSELL }
"THE CITADEL" I
A. |. Cronin's sensational
best seller!
—Also—
Phillip Barry's
("SPRING
MADNESS"
With
LEW AYRES
MAUREEN O'SULLIVAN
BURGESS MEREDITH
)OYCE COMPTON
lamßMnaunnMi
Hlililiililill
MATINEES DAILY at 2 P.M. |'
LAST TIMES TODAY f
ROBERT DONAT «
ROSALIND RUSSELL }
"THE CITADEL" I
A. |. Cronin's sensational
best seller!
—Also—
Phillip Barry's
("SPRING
MADNESS"
With
LEW AYRES
MAUREEN O'SULLIVAN
BURGESS MEREDITH
)OYCE COMPTON
lamßMnaunnMi
Hlililiililill
MATINEES DAILY at 2 P.M. |'
LAST TIMES TODAY f
ROBERT DONAT «
ROSALIND RUSSELL }
"THE CITADEL" I
A. |. Cronin's sensational
best seller!
—Also—
Phillip Barry's
("SPRING
MADNESS"
With
LEW AYRES
MAUREEN O'SULLIVAN
BURGESS MEREDITH
)OYCE COMPTON
lamßMnaunnMi
Hlililiililill
MATINEES DAILY at 2 P.M. |'
LAST TIMES TODAY f
ROBERT DONAT «
ROSALIND RUSSELL }
"THE CITADEL" I
A. |. Cronin's sensational
best seller!
—Also—
Phillip Barry's
("SPRING
MADNESS"
With
LEW AYRES
MAUREEN O'SULLIVAN
BURGESS MEREDITH
)OYCE COMPTON
lamßMnaunnMi
Hlililiililill
MATINEES DAILY at 2 P.M. |'
LAST TIMES TODAY f
ROBERT DONAT «
ROSALIND RUSSELL }
"THE CITADEL" I
A. |. Cronin's sensational
best seller!
—Also—
Phillip Barry's
("SPRING
MADNESS"
With
LEW AYRES
MAUREEN O'SULLIVAN
BURGESS MEREDITH
)OYCE COMPTON
lamßMnaunnMi
Hlililiililill
MATINEES DAILY at 2 P.M. |'
LAST TIMES TODAY f
ROBERT DONAT «
ROSALIND RUSSELL }
"THE CITADEL" I
A. |. Cronin's sensational
best seller!
—Also—
Phillip Barry's
("SPRING
MADNESS"
With
LEW AYRES
MAUREEN O'SULLIVAN
BURGESS MEREDITH
)OYCE COMPTON
lamßMnaunnMi
Hlililiililill
MATINEES DAILY at 2 P.M. |'
LAST TIMES TODAY f
ROBERT DONAT «
ROSALIND RUSSELL }
"THE CITADEL" I
A. |. Cronin's sensational
best seller!
—Also—
Phillip Barry's
("SPRING
MADNESS"
With
LEW AYRES
MAUREEN O'SULLIVAN
BURGESS MEREDITH
)OYCE COMPTON
