# Women to Issue Row Bids Today
## 
### 
Bids for preliminary sorority
rushing period will be delivered to
the rooms of freshman and junior
transfer women tonight during din
ner, according to Jean Welch, pres
ident of Panhellenic Council.
New women may not accept more
than one date from a single house
during this first period, which in
cludes Friday dinner, Saturday
luncheon ; Saturday dinner, and Sun
day luncheon. A week of concen
trated activity will follow the pre
liminary period, including invita
tions for Monday dinner, Tuesday
lunch, and Tuesday dinner, with a
day of silence on Wednesday and
preference dinner Thursday and
Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
evening, January 14, at which time
open-house jolly-ups will be held
in all the houses. For any questions
concerning rushing procedure, new
women should consult their spon
sors.
Bids for preliminary sorority
rushing period will be delivered to
the rooms of freshman and junior
transfer women tonight during din
ner, according to Jean Welch, pres
ident of Panhellenic Council.
New women may not accept more
than one date from a single house
during this first period, which in
cludes Friday dinner, Saturday
luncheon ; Saturday dinner, and Sun
day luncheon. A week of concen
trated activity will follow the pre
liminary period, including invita
tions for Monday dinner, Tuesday
lunch, and Tuesday dinner, with a
day of silence on Wednesday and
preference dinner Thursday and
Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
evening, January 14, at which time
open-house jolly-ups will be held
in all the houses. For any questions
concerning rushing procedure, new
women should consult their spon
sors.
Bids for preliminary sorority
rushing period will be delivered to
the rooms of freshman and junior
transfer women tonight during din
ner, according to Jean Welch, pres
ident of Panhellenic Council.
New women may not accept more
than one date from a single house
during this first period, which in
cludes Friday dinner, Saturday
luncheon ; Saturday dinner, and Sun
day luncheon. A week of concen
trated activity will follow the pre
liminary period, including invita
tions for Monday dinner, Tuesday
lunch, and Tuesday dinner, with a
day of silence on Wednesday and
preference dinner Thursday and
Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
evening, January 14, at which time
open-house jolly-ups will be held
in all the houses. For any questions
concerning rushing procedure, new
women should consult their spon
sors.
Bids for preliminary sorority
rushing period will be delivered to
the rooms of freshman and junior
transfer women tonight during din
ner, according to Jean Welch, pres
ident of Panhellenic Council.
New women may not accept more
than one date from a single house
during this first period, which in
cludes Friday dinner, Saturday
luncheon ; Saturday dinner, and Sun
day luncheon. A week of concen
trated activity will follow the pre
liminary period, including invita
tions for Monday dinner, Tuesday
lunch, and Tuesday dinner, with a
day of silence on Wednesday and
preference dinner Thursday and
Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
evening, January 14, at which time
open-house jolly-ups will be held
in all the houses. For any questions
concerning rushing procedure, new
women should consult their spon
sors.
Bids for preliminary sorority
rushing period will be delivered to
the rooms of freshman and junior
transfer women tonight during din
ner, according to Jean Welch, pres
ident of Panhellenic Council.
New women may not accept more
than one date from a single house
during this first period, which in
cludes Friday dinner, Saturday
luncheon ; Saturday dinner, and Sun
day luncheon. A week of concen
trated activity will follow the pre
liminary period, including invita
tions for Monday dinner, Tuesday
lunch, and Tuesday dinner, with a
day of silence on Wednesday and
preference dinner Thursday and
Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
evening, January 14, at which time
open-house jolly-ups will be held
in all the houses. For any questions
concerning rushing procedure, new
women should consult their spon
sors.
Bids for preliminary sorority
rushing period will be delivered to
the rooms of freshman and junior
transfer women tonight during din
ner, according to Jean Welch, pres
ident of Panhellenic Council.
New women may not accept more
than one date from a single house
during this first period, which in
cludes Friday dinner, Saturday
luncheon ; Saturday dinner, and Sun
day luncheon. A week of concen
trated activity will follow the pre
liminary period, including invita
tions for Monday dinner, Tuesday
lunch, and Tuesday dinner, with a
day of silence on Wednesday and
preference dinner Thursday and
Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
evening, January 14, at which time
open-house jolly-ups will be held
in all the houses. For any questions
concerning rushing procedure, new
women should consult their spon
sors.
Bids for preliminary sorority
rushing period will be delivered to
the rooms of freshman and junior
transfer women tonight during din
ner, according to Jean Welch, pres
ident of Panhellenic Council.
New women may not accept more
than one date from a single house
during this first period, which in
cludes Friday dinner, Saturday
luncheon ; Saturday dinner, and Sun
day luncheon. A week of concen
trated activity will follow the pre
liminary period, including invita
tions for Monday dinner, Tuesday
lunch, and Tuesday dinner, with a
day of silence on Wednesday and
preference dinner Thursday and
Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
evening, January 14, at which time
open-house jolly-ups will be held
in all the houses. For any questions
concerning rushing procedure, new
women should consult their spon
sors.
Bids for preliminary sorority
rushing period will be delivered to
the rooms of freshman and junior
transfer women tonight during din
ner, according to Jean Welch, pres
ident of Panhellenic Council.
New women may not accept more
than one date from a single house
during this first period, which in
cludes Friday dinner, Saturday
luncheon ; Saturday dinner, and Sun
day luncheon. A week of concen
trated activity will follow the pre
liminary period, including invita
tions for Monday dinner, Tuesday
lunch, and Tuesday dinner, with a
day of silence on Wednesday and
preference dinner Thursday and
Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
evening, January 14, at which time
open-house jolly-ups will be held
in all the houses. For any questions
concerning rushing procedure, new
women should consult their spon
sors.
Bids for preliminary sorority
rushing period will be delivered to
the rooms of freshman and junior
transfer women tonight during din
ner, according to Jean Welch, pres
ident of Panhellenic Council.
New women may not accept more
than one date from a single house
during this first period, which in
cludes Friday dinner, Saturday
luncheon ; Saturday dinner, and Sun
day luncheon. A week of concen
trated activity will follow the pre
liminary period, including invita
tions for Monday dinner, Tuesday
lunch, and Tuesday dinner, with a
day of silence on Wednesday and
preference dinner Thursday and
Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
evening, January 14, at which time
open-house jolly-ups will be held
in all the houses. For any questions
concerning rushing procedure, new
women should consult their spon
sors.
Bids for preliminary sorority
rushing period will be delivered to
the rooms of freshman and junior
transfer women tonight during din
ner, according to Jean Welch, pres
ident of Panhellenic Council.
New women may not accept more
than one date from a single house
during this first period, which in
cludes Friday dinner, Saturday
luncheon ; Saturday dinner, and Sun
day luncheon. A week of concen
trated activity will follow the pre
liminary period, including invita
tions for Monday dinner, Tuesday
lunch, and Tuesday dinner, with a
day of silence on Wednesday and
preference dinner Thursday and
Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
evening, January 14, at which time
open-house jolly-ups will be held
in all the houses. For any questions
concerning rushing procedure, new
women should consult their spon
sors.
Bids for preliminary sorority
rushing period will be delivered to
the rooms of freshman and junior
transfer women tonight during din
ner, according to Jean Welch, pres
ident of Panhellenic Council.
New women may not accept more
than one date from a single house
during this first period, which in
cludes Friday dinner, Saturday
luncheon ; Saturday dinner, and Sun
day luncheon. A week of concen
trated activity will follow the pre
liminary period, including invita
tions for Monday dinner, Tuesday
lunch, and Tuesday dinner, with a
day of silence on Wednesday and
preference dinner Thursday and
Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
evening, January 14, at which time
open-house jolly-ups will be held
in all the houses. For any questions
concerning rushing procedure, new
women should consult their spon
sors.
Bids for preliminary sorority
rushing period will be delivered to
the rooms of freshman and junior
transfer women tonight during din
ner, according to Jean Welch, pres
ident of Panhellenic Council.
New women may not accept more
than one date from a single house
during this first period, which in
cludes Friday dinner, Saturday
luncheon ; Saturday dinner, and Sun
day luncheon. A week of concen
trated activity will follow the pre
liminary period, including invita
tions for Monday dinner, Tuesday
lunch, and Tuesday dinner, with a
day of silence on Wednesday and
preference dinner Thursday and
Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
evening, January 14, at which time
open-house jolly-ups will be held
in all the houses. For any questions
concerning rushing procedure, new
women should consult their spon
sors.
Bids for preliminary sorority
rushing period will be delivered to
the rooms of freshman and junior
transfer women tonight during din
ner, according to Jean Welch, pres
ident of Panhellenic Council.
New women may not accept more
than one date from a single house
during this first period, which in
cludes Friday dinner, Saturday
luncheon ; Saturday dinner, and Sun
day luncheon. A week of concen
trated activity will follow the pre
liminary period, including invita
tions for Monday dinner, Tuesday
lunch, and Tuesday dinner, with a
day of silence on Wednesday and
preference dinner Thursday and
Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
evening, January 14, at which time
open-house jolly-ups will be held
in all the houses. For any questions
concerning rushing procedure, new
women should consult their spon
sors.
Bids for preliminary sorority
rushing period will be delivered to
the rooms of freshman and junior
transfer women tonight during din
ner, according to Jean Welch, pres
ident of Panhellenic Council.
New women may not accept more
than one date from a single house
during this first period, which in
cludes Friday dinner, Saturday
luncheon ; Saturday dinner, and Sun
day luncheon. A week of concen
trated activity will follow the pre
liminary period, including invita
tions for Monday dinner, Tuesday
lunch, and Tuesday dinner, with a
day of silence on Wednesday and
preference dinner Thursday and
Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
evening, January 14, at which time
open-house jolly-ups will be held
in all the houses. For any questions
concerning rushing procedure, new
women should consult their spon
sors.
Bids for preliminary sorority
rushing period will be delivered to
the rooms of freshman and junior
transfer women tonight during din
ner, according to Jean Welch, pres
ident of Panhellenic Council.
New women may not accept more
than one date from a single house
during this first period, which in
cludes Friday dinner, Saturday
luncheon ; Saturday dinner, and Sun
day luncheon. A week of concen
trated activity will follow the pre
liminary period, including invita
tions for Monday dinner, Tuesday
lunch, and Tuesday dinner, with a
day of silence on Wednesday and
preference dinner Thursday and
Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
evening, January 14, at which time
open-house jolly-ups will be held
in all the houses. For any questions
concerning rushing procedure, new
women should consult their spon
sors.
Bids for preliminary sorority
rushing period will be delivered to
the rooms of freshman and junior
transfer women tonight during din
ner, according to Jean Welch, pres
ident of Panhellenic Council.
New women may not accept more
than one date from a single house
during this first period, which in
cludes Friday dinner, Saturday
luncheon ; Saturday dinner, and Sun
day luncheon. A week of concen
trated activity will follow the pre
liminary period, including invita
tions for Monday dinner, Tuesday
lunch, and Tuesday dinner, with a
day of silence on Wednesday and
preference dinner Thursday and
Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
evening, January 14, at which time
open-house jolly-ups will be held
in all the houses. For any questions
concerning rushing procedure, new
women should consult their spon
sors.
