# Peninsula Teams Enter Pro Finals
## 
### 
DEL MONTE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Bur
lingame and San Mateo teams, rivals
from the San Francisco Peninsula,
won their way into the finals of the
14-goal Del Monte New Year's polo
tournament.
With Dick Leuschern scoring three
goals and Ray Bell and Lloyd Din
kelspiel each two, Burlingame de
feated Santa Barbara, 12-6. Jackson
was high for the losers with three.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Bur
lingame and San Mateo teams, rivals
from the San Francisco Peninsula,
won their way into the finals of the
14-goal Del Monte New Year's polo
tournament.
With Dick Leuschern scoring three
goals and Ray Bell and Lloyd Din
kelspiel each two, Burlingame de
feated Santa Barbara, 12-6. Jackson
was high for the losers with three.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Bur
lingame and San Mateo teams, rivals
from the San Francisco Peninsula,
won their way into the finals of the
14-goal Del Monte New Year's polo
tournament.
With Dick Leuschern scoring three
goals and Ray Bell and Lloyd Din
kelspiel each two, Burlingame de
feated Santa Barbara, 12-6. Jackson
was high for the losers with three.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Bur
lingame and San Mateo teams, rivals
from the San Francisco Peninsula,
won their way into the finals of the
14-goal Del Monte New Year's polo
tournament.
With Dick Leuschern scoring three
goals and Ray Bell and Lloyd Din
kelspiel each two, Burlingame de
feated Santa Barbara, 12-6. Jackson
was high for the losers with three.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Bur
lingame and San Mateo teams, rivals
from the San Francisco Peninsula,
won their way into the finals of the
14-goal Del Monte New Year's polo
tournament.
With Dick Leuschern scoring three
goals and Ray Bell and Lloyd Din
kelspiel each two, Burlingame de
feated Santa Barbara, 12-6. Jackson
was high for the losers with three.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Bur
lingame and San Mateo teams, rivals
from the San Francisco Peninsula,
won their way into the finals of the
14-goal Del Monte New Year's polo
tournament.
With Dick Leuschern scoring three
goals and Ray Bell and Lloyd Din
kelspiel each two, Burlingame de
feated Santa Barbara, 12-6. Jackson
was high for the losers with three.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Bur
lingame and San Mateo teams, rivals
from the San Francisco Peninsula,
won their way into the finals of the
14-goal Del Monte New Year's polo
tournament.
With Dick Leuschern scoring three
goals and Ray Bell and Lloyd Din
kelspiel each two, Burlingame de
feated Santa Barbara, 12-6. Jackson
was high for the losers with three.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Bur
lingame and San Mateo teams, rivals
from the San Francisco Peninsula,
won their way into the finals of the
14-goal Del Monte New Year's polo
tournament.
With Dick Leuschern scoring three
goals and Ray Bell and Lloyd Din
kelspiel each two, Burlingame de
feated Santa Barbara, 12-6. Jackson
was high for the losers with three.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Bur
lingame and San Mateo teams, rivals
from the San Francisco Peninsula,
won their way into the finals of the
14-goal Del Monte New Year's polo
tournament.
With Dick Leuschern scoring three
goals and Ray Bell and Lloyd Din
kelspiel each two, Burlingame de
feated Santa Barbara, 12-6. Jackson
was high for the losers with three.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Bur
lingame and San Mateo teams, rivals
from the San Francisco Peninsula,
won their way into the finals of the
14-goal Del Monte New Year's polo
tournament.
With Dick Leuschern scoring three
goals and Ray Bell and Lloyd Din
kelspiel each two, Burlingame de
feated Santa Barbara, 12-6. Jackson
was high for the losers with three.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Bur
lingame and San Mateo teams, rivals
from the San Francisco Peninsula,
won their way into the finals of the
14-goal Del Monte New Year's polo
tournament.
With Dick Leuschern scoring three
goals and Ray Bell and Lloyd Din
kelspiel each two, Burlingame de
feated Santa Barbara, 12-6. Jackson
was high for the losers with three.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Bur
lingame and San Mateo teams, rivals
from the San Francisco Peninsula,
won their way into the finals of the
14-goal Del Monte New Year's polo
tournament.
With Dick Leuschern scoring three
goals and Ray Bell and Lloyd Din
kelspiel each two, Burlingame de
feated Santa Barbara, 12-6. Jackson
was high for the losers with three.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Bur
lingame and San Mateo teams, rivals
from the San Francisco Peninsula,
won their way into the finals of the
14-goal Del Monte New Year's polo
tournament.
With Dick Leuschern scoring three
goals and Ray Bell and Lloyd Din
kelspiel each two, Burlingame de
feated Santa Barbara, 12-6. Jackson
was high for the losers with three.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Bur
lingame and San Mateo teams, rivals
from the San Francisco Peninsula,
won their way into the finals of the
14-goal Del Monte New Year's polo
tournament.
With Dick Leuschern scoring three
goals and Ray Bell and Lloyd Din
kelspiel each two, Burlingame de
feated Santa Barbara, 12-6. Jackson
was high for the losers with three.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Bur
lingame and San Mateo teams, rivals
from the San Francisco Peninsula,
won their way into the finals of the
14-goal Del Monte New Year's polo
tournament.
With Dick Leuschern scoring three
goals and Ray Bell and Lloyd Din
kelspiel each two, Burlingame de
feated Santa Barbara, 12-6. Jackson
was high for the losers with three.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Bur
lingame and San Mateo teams, rivals
from the San Francisco Peninsula,
won their way into the finals of the
14-goal Del Monte New Year's polo
tournament.
With Dick Leuschern scoring three
goals and Ray Bell and Lloyd Din
kelspiel each two, Burlingame de
feated Santa Barbara, 12-6. Jackson
was high for the losers with three.
