# WOMEN'S DORM BILLS DUE
## 
### 
Room and board bills for all wom
en's dormitories are due today, and
will be collected in the Ad Building
from 8 to 12 o'clock and from 1 to
4:45 o'clock. Failure to make pay
ment today will result in the assess
ment of a fine.
Room and board bills for all wom
en's dormitories are due today, and
will be collected in the Ad Building
from 8 to 12 o'clock and from 1 to
4:45 o'clock. Failure to make pay
ment today will result in the assess
ment of a fine.
Room and board bills for all wom
en's dormitories are due today, and
will be collected in the Ad Building
from 8 to 12 o'clock and from 1 to
4:45 o'clock. Failure to make pay
ment today will result in the assess
ment of a fine.
Room and board bills for all wom
en's dormitories are due today, and
will be collected in the Ad Building
from 8 to 12 o'clock and from 1 to
4:45 o'clock. Failure to make pay
ment today will result in the assess
ment of a fine.
Room and board bills for all wom
en's dormitories are due today, and
will be collected in the Ad Building
from 8 to 12 o'clock and from 1 to
4:45 o'clock. Failure to make pay
ment today will result in the assess
ment of a fine.
Room and board bills for all wom
en's dormitories are due today, and
will be collected in the Ad Building
from 8 to 12 o'clock and from 1 to
4:45 o'clock. Failure to make pay
ment today will result in the assess
ment of a fine.
Room and board bills for all wom
en's dormitories are due today, and
will be collected in the Ad Building
from 8 to 12 o'clock and from 1 to
4:45 o'clock. Failure to make pay
ment today will result in the assess
ment of a fine.
Room and board bills for all wom
en's dormitories are due today, and
will be collected in the Ad Building
from 8 to 12 o'clock and from 1 to
4:45 o'clock. Failure to make pay
ment today will result in the assess
ment of a fine.
Room and board bills for all wom
en's dormitories are due today, and
will be collected in the Ad Building
from 8 to 12 o'clock and from 1 to
4:45 o'clock. Failure to make pay
ment today will result in the assess
ment of a fine.
Room and board bills for all wom
en's dormitories are due today, and
will be collected in the Ad Building
from 8 to 12 o'clock and from 1 to
4:45 o'clock. Failure to make pay
ment today will result in the assess
ment of a fine.
Room and board bills for all wom
en's dormitories are due today, and
will be collected in the Ad Building
from 8 to 12 o'clock and from 1 to
4:45 o'clock. Failure to make pay
ment today will result in the assess
ment of a fine.
Room and board bills for all wom
en's dormitories are due today, and
will be collected in the Ad Building
from 8 to 12 o'clock and from 1 to
4:45 o'clock. Failure to make pay
ment today will result in the assess
ment of a fine.
Room and board bills for all wom
en's dormitories are due today, and
will be collected in the Ad Building
from 8 to 12 o'clock and from 1 to
4:45 o'clock. Failure to make pay
ment today will result in the assess
ment of a fine.
Room and board bills for all wom
en's dormitories are due today, and
will be collected in the Ad Building
from 8 to 12 o'clock and from 1 to
4:45 o'clock. Failure to make pay
ment today will result in the assess
ment of a fine.
Room and board bills for all wom
en's dormitories are due today, and
will be collected in the Ad Building
from 8 to 12 o'clock and from 1 to
4:45 o'clock. Failure to make pay
ment today will result in the assess
ment of a fine.
Room and board bills for all wom
en's dormitories are due today, and
will be collected in the Ad Building
from 8 to 12 o'clock and from 1 to
4:45 o'clock. Failure to make pay
ment today will result in the assess
ment of a fine.
