# TRANS-ATLANTIC AIRMAIL
## 
### 
LONDON, Jan. 3 (UP).—Regular
weekly airplane service between
England and Canada was announced
today by Imperial Airways to start
in May.
LONDON, Jan. 3 (UP).—Regular
weekly airplane service between
England and Canada was announced
today by Imperial Airways to start
in May.
LONDON, Jan. 3 (UP).—Regular
weekly airplane service between
England and Canada was announced
today by Imperial Airways to start
in May.
LONDON, Jan. 3 (UP).—Regular
weekly airplane service between
England and Canada was announced
today by Imperial Airways to start
in May.
LONDON, Jan. 3 (UP).—Regular
weekly airplane service between
England and Canada was announced
today by Imperial Airways to start
in May.
LONDON, Jan. 3 (UP).—Regular
weekly airplane service between
England and Canada was announced
today by Imperial Airways to start
in May.
LONDON, Jan. 3 (UP).—Regular
weekly airplane service between
England and Canada was announced
today by Imperial Airways to start
in May.
LONDON, Jan. 3 (UP).—Regular
weekly airplane service between
England and Canada was announced
today by Imperial Airways to start
in May.
LONDON, Jan. 3 (UP).—Regular
weekly airplane service between
England and Canada was announced
today by Imperial Airways to start
in May.
LONDON, Jan. 3 (UP).—Regular
weekly airplane service between
England and Canada was announced
today by Imperial Airways to start
in May.
LONDON, Jan. 3 (UP).—Regular
weekly airplane service between
England and Canada was announced
today by Imperial Airways to start
in May.
LONDON, Jan. 3 (UP).—Regular
weekly airplane service between
England and Canada was announced
today by Imperial Airways to start
in May.
LONDON, Jan. 3 (UP).—Regular
weekly airplane service between
England and Canada was announced
today by Imperial Airways to start
in May.
LONDON, Jan. 3 (UP).—Regular
weekly airplane service between
England and Canada was announced
today by Imperial Airways to start
in May.
LONDON, Jan. 3 (UP).—Regular
weekly airplane service between
England and Canada was announced
today by Imperial Airways to start
in May.
LONDON, Jan. 3 (UP).—Regular
weekly airplane service between
England and Canada was announced
today by Imperial Airways to start
in May.
