# RESCUE COMPLETE
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Radio
messages today said the last man,
Captain Dick Fitzgibbons, had been
rescued from the icebound purse
seiner aY Sure off Grass Island.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Radio
messages today said the last man,
Captain Dick Fitzgibbons, had been
rescued from the icebound purse
seiner aY Sure off Grass Island.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Radio
messages today said the last man,
Captain Dick Fitzgibbons, had been
rescued from the icebound purse
seiner aY Sure off Grass Island.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Radio
messages today said the last man,
Captain Dick Fitzgibbons, had been
rescued from the icebound purse
seiner aY Sure off Grass Island.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Radio
messages today said the last man,
Captain Dick Fitzgibbons, had been
rescued from the icebound purse
seiner aY Sure off Grass Island.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Radio
messages today said the last man,
Captain Dick Fitzgibbons, had been
rescued from the icebound purse
seiner aY Sure off Grass Island.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Radio
messages today said the last man,
Captain Dick Fitzgibbons, had been
rescued from the icebound purse
seiner aY Sure off Grass Island.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Radio
messages today said the last man,
Captain Dick Fitzgibbons, had been
rescued from the icebound purse
seiner aY Sure off Grass Island.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Radio
messages today said the last man,
Captain Dick Fitzgibbons, had been
rescued from the icebound purse
seiner aY Sure off Grass Island.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Radio
messages today said the last man,
Captain Dick Fitzgibbons, had been
rescued from the icebound purse
seiner aY Sure off Grass Island.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Radio
messages today said the last man,
Captain Dick Fitzgibbons, had been
rescued from the icebound purse
seiner aY Sure off Grass Island.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Radio
messages today said the last man,
Captain Dick Fitzgibbons, had been
rescued from the icebound purse
seiner aY Sure off Grass Island.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Radio
messages today said the last man,
Captain Dick Fitzgibbons, had been
rescued from the icebound purse
seiner aY Sure off Grass Island.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Radio
messages today said the last man,
Captain Dick Fitzgibbons, had been
rescued from the icebound purse
seiner aY Sure off Grass Island.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Radio
messages today said the last man,
Captain Dick Fitzgibbons, had been
rescued from the icebound purse
seiner aY Sure off Grass Island.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP).—Radio
messages today said the last man,
Captain Dick Fitzgibbons, had been
rescued from the icebound purse
seiner aY Sure off Grass Island.
