# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Mon'.i Rest Home — Robert Sey
mour.
Isolation Hospital John Roberg.
Palo Alio Hospital -Marian Day,
Robert McFarlane, Heath McLcn
don, Dorothy Adams, William Lang,
Judy Dealing.
Mon'.i Rest Home — Robert Sey
mour.
Isolation Hospital John Roberg.
Palo Alio Hospital -Marian Day,
Robert McFarlane, Heath McLcn
don, Dorothy Adams, William Lang,
Judy Dealing.
Mon'.i Rest Home — Robert Sey
mour.
Isolation Hospital John Roberg.
Palo Alio Hospital -Marian Day,
Robert McFarlane, Heath McLcn
don, Dorothy Adams, William Lang,
Judy Dealing.
Mon'.i Rest Home — Robert Sey
mour.
Isolation Hospital John Roberg.
Palo Alio Hospital -Marian Day,
Robert McFarlane, Heath McLcn
don, Dorothy Adams, William Lang,
Judy Dealing.
Mon'.i Rest Home — Robert Sey
mour.
Isolation Hospital John Roberg.
Palo Alio Hospital -Marian Day,
Robert McFarlane, Heath McLcn
don, Dorothy Adams, William Lang,
Judy Dealing.
Mon'.i Rest Home — Robert Sey
mour.
Isolation Hospital John Roberg.
Palo Alio Hospital -Marian Day,
Robert McFarlane, Heath McLcn
don, Dorothy Adams, William Lang,
Judy Dealing.
Mon'.i Rest Home — Robert Sey
mour.
Isolation Hospital John Roberg.
Palo Alio Hospital -Marian Day,
Robert McFarlane, Heath McLcn
don, Dorothy Adams, William Lang,
Judy Dealing.
Mon'.i Rest Home — Robert Sey
mour.
Isolation Hospital John Roberg.
Palo Alio Hospital -Marian Day,
Robert McFarlane, Heath McLcn
don, Dorothy Adams, William Lang,
Judy Dealing.
Mon'.i Rest Home — Robert Sey
mour.
Isolation Hospital John Roberg.
Palo Alio Hospital -Marian Day,
Robert McFarlane, Heath McLcn
don, Dorothy Adams, William Lang,
Judy Dealing.
Mon'.i Rest Home — Robert Sey
mour.
Isolation Hospital John Roberg.
Palo Alio Hospital -Marian Day,
Robert McFarlane, Heath McLcn
don, Dorothy Adams, William Lang,
Judy Dealing.
Mon'.i Rest Home — Robert Sey
mour.
Isolation Hospital John Roberg.
Palo Alio Hospital -Marian Day,
Robert McFarlane, Heath McLcn
don, Dorothy Adams, William Lang,
Judy Dealing.
Mon'.i Rest Home — Robert Sey
mour.
Isolation Hospital John Roberg.
Palo Alio Hospital -Marian Day,
Robert McFarlane, Heath McLcn
don, Dorothy Adams, William Lang,
Judy Dealing.
Mon'.i Rest Home — Robert Sey
mour.
Isolation Hospital John Roberg.
Palo Alio Hospital -Marian Day,
Robert McFarlane, Heath McLcn
don, Dorothy Adams, William Lang,
Judy Dealing.
Mon'.i Rest Home — Robert Sey
mour.
Isolation Hospital John Roberg.
Palo Alio Hospital -Marian Day,
Robert McFarlane, Heath McLcn
don, Dorothy Adams, William Lang,
Judy Dealing.
Mon'.i Rest Home — Robert Sey
mour.
Isolation Hospital John Roberg.
Palo Alio Hospital -Marian Day,
Robert McFarlane, Heath McLcn
don, Dorothy Adams, William Lang,
Judy Dealing.
