# Germany, Austria To Be 'Y' Topic
## 
### 
"The Implications of West German
and Austrian Independence" will be
the topic of the "Y" Public Affairs
Luncheon this noon in the "Y"
lounge on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
Lunch is 30 cents.
"The Implications of West German
and Austrian Independence" will be
the topic of the "Y" Public Affairs
Luncheon this noon in the "Y"
lounge on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
Lunch is 30 cents.
"The Implications of West German
and Austrian Independence" will be
the topic of the "Y" Public Affairs
Luncheon this noon in the "Y"
lounge on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
Lunch is 30 cents.
"The Implications of West German
and Austrian Independence" will be
the topic of the "Y" Public Affairs
Luncheon this noon in the "Y"
lounge on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
Lunch is 30 cents.
"The Implications of West German
and Austrian Independence" will be
the topic of the "Y" Public Affairs
Luncheon this noon in the "Y"
lounge on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
Lunch is 30 cents.
"The Implications of West German
and Austrian Independence" will be
the topic of the "Y" Public Affairs
Luncheon this noon in the "Y"
lounge on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
Lunch is 30 cents.
"The Implications of West German
and Austrian Independence" will be
the topic of the "Y" Public Affairs
Luncheon this noon in the "Y"
lounge on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
Lunch is 30 cents.
"The Implications of West German
and Austrian Independence" will be
the topic of the "Y" Public Affairs
Luncheon this noon in the "Y"
lounge on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
Lunch is 30 cents.
"The Implications of West German
and Austrian Independence" will be
the topic of the "Y" Public Affairs
Luncheon this noon in the "Y"
lounge on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
Lunch is 30 cents.
"The Implications of West German
and Austrian Independence" will be
the topic of the "Y" Public Affairs
Luncheon this noon in the "Y"
lounge on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
Lunch is 30 cents.
"The Implications of West German
and Austrian Independence" will be
the topic of the "Y" Public Affairs
Luncheon this noon in the "Y"
lounge on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
Lunch is 30 cents.
"The Implications of West German
and Austrian Independence" will be
the topic of the "Y" Public Affairs
Luncheon this noon in the "Y"
lounge on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
Lunch is 30 cents.
"The Implications of West German
and Austrian Independence" will be
the topic of the "Y" Public Affairs
Luncheon this noon in the "Y"
lounge on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
Lunch is 30 cents.
"The Implications of West German
and Austrian Independence" will be
the topic of the "Y" Public Affairs
Luncheon this noon in the "Y"
lounge on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
Lunch is 30 cents.
"The Implications of West German
and Austrian Independence" will be
the topic of the "Y" Public Affairs
Luncheon this noon in the "Y"
lounge on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
Lunch is 30 cents.
