# Strangler Lewis To Meet Joe Malcewiez In South
## 
### 
LOS ANGEI.ES, Oct. o. (JP) — Ed
"Strangler" Lewis will step into the
ring here tonight to defend his heavy
weight wrestling championship and
$10,000 diamond studded belt, em
blematic of the title, against the sen
sational Ntica, N.Y., "Panther" Joe
Malcewicz, crafty exponent of the
backward body slam.
LOS ANGEI.ES, Oct. o. (JP) — Ed
"Strangler" Lewis will step into the
ring here tonight to defend his heavy
weight wrestling championship and
$10,000 diamond studded belt, em
blematic of the title, against the sen
sational Ntica, N.Y., "Panther" Joe
Malcewicz, crafty exponent of the
backward body slam.
LOS ANGEI.ES, Oct. o. (JP) — Ed
"Strangler" Lewis will step into the
ring here tonight to defend his heavy
weight wrestling championship and
$10,000 diamond studded belt, em
blematic of the title, against the sen
sational Ntica, N.Y., "Panther" Joe
Malcewicz, crafty exponent of the
backward body slam.
LOS ANGEI.ES, Oct. o. (JP) — Ed
"Strangler" Lewis will step into the
ring here tonight to defend his heavy
weight wrestling championship and
$10,000 diamond studded belt, em
blematic of the title, against the sen
sational Ntica, N.Y., "Panther" Joe
Malcewicz, crafty exponent of the
backward body slam.
LOS ANGEI.ES, Oct. o. (JP) — Ed
"Strangler" Lewis will step into the
ring here tonight to defend his heavy
weight wrestling championship and
$10,000 diamond studded belt, em
blematic of the title, against the sen
sational Ntica, N.Y., "Panther" Joe
Malcewicz, crafty exponent of the
backward body slam.
LOS ANGEI.ES, Oct. o. (JP) — Ed
"Strangler" Lewis will step into the
ring here tonight to defend his heavy
weight wrestling championship and
$10,000 diamond studded belt, em
blematic of the title, against the sen
sational Ntica, N.Y., "Panther" Joe
Malcewicz, crafty exponent of the
backward body slam.
LOS ANGEI.ES, Oct. o. (JP) — Ed
"Strangler" Lewis will step into the
ring here tonight to defend his heavy
weight wrestling championship and
$10,000 diamond studded belt, em
blematic of the title, against the sen
sational Ntica, N.Y., "Panther" Joe
Malcewicz, crafty exponent of the
backward body slam.
LOS ANGEI.ES, Oct. o. (JP) — Ed
"Strangler" Lewis will step into the
ring here tonight to defend his heavy
weight wrestling championship and
$10,000 diamond studded belt, em
blematic of the title, against the sen
sational Ntica, N.Y., "Panther" Joe
Malcewicz, crafty exponent of the
backward body slam.
LOS ANGEI.ES, Oct. o. (JP) — Ed
"Strangler" Lewis will step into the
ring here tonight to defend his heavy
weight wrestling championship and
$10,000 diamond studded belt, em
blematic of the title, against the sen
sational Ntica, N.Y., "Panther" Joe
Malcewicz, crafty exponent of the
backward body slam.
LOS ANGEI.ES, Oct. o. (JP) — Ed
"Strangler" Lewis will step into the
ring here tonight to defend his heavy
weight wrestling championship and
$10,000 diamond studded belt, em
blematic of the title, against the sen
sational Ntica, N.Y., "Panther" Joe
Malcewicz, crafty exponent of the
backward body slam.
LOS ANGEI.ES, Oct. o. (JP) — Ed
"Strangler" Lewis will step into the
ring here tonight to defend his heavy
weight wrestling championship and
$10,000 diamond studded belt, em
blematic of the title, against the sen
sational Ntica, N.Y., "Panther" Joe
Malcewicz, crafty exponent of the
backward body slam.
LOS ANGEI.ES, Oct. o. (JP) — Ed
"Strangler" Lewis will step into the
ring here tonight to defend his heavy
weight wrestling championship and
$10,000 diamond studded belt, em
blematic of the title, against the sen
sational Ntica, N.Y., "Panther" Joe
Malcewicz, crafty exponent of the
backward body slam.
LOS ANGEI.ES, Oct. o. (JP) — Ed
"Strangler" Lewis will step into the
ring here tonight to defend his heavy
weight wrestling championship and
$10,000 diamond studded belt, em
blematic of the title, against the sen
sational Ntica, N.Y., "Panther" Joe
Malcewicz, crafty exponent of the
backward body slam.
LOS ANGEI.ES, Oct. o. (JP) — Ed
"Strangler" Lewis will step into the
ring here tonight to defend his heavy
weight wrestling championship and
$10,000 diamond studded belt, em
blematic of the title, against the sen
sational Ntica, N.Y., "Panther" Joe
Malcewicz, crafty exponent of the
backward body slam.
LOS ANGEI.ES, Oct. o. (JP) — Ed
"Strangler" Lewis will step into the
ring here tonight to defend his heavy
weight wrestling championship and
$10,000 diamond studded belt, em
blematic of the title, against the sen
sational Ntica, N.Y., "Panther" Joe
Malcewicz, crafty exponent of the
backward body slam.
LOS ANGEI.ES, Oct. o. (JP) — Ed
"Strangler" Lewis will step into the
ring here tonight to defend his heavy
weight wrestling championship and
$10,000 diamond studded belt, em
blematic of the title, against the sen
sational Ntica, N.Y., "Panther" Joe
Malcewicz, crafty exponent of the
backward body slam.
