# U.S.C. END GETS JAW INJURY IN SCRIMMAGE
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3 (/P) —Francis
Tappaan, left end on the University of
Southern California eleven, may be out
of the game for several weeks as the
result of an injury received in scrim
mage with the Trojans yesterday after
noon.
The Southern California wingman was
kicked in the jaw and an x-ray was or
dered today to determine whether the
jaw was broken. Tappaan left the field
bleeding from the mouth and in much
pain from the injury.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3 (/P) —Francis
Tappaan, left end on the University of
Southern California eleven, may be out
of the game for several weeks as the
result of an injury received in scrim
mage with the Trojans yesterday after
noon.
The Southern California wingman was
kicked in the jaw and an x-ray was or
dered today to determine whether the
jaw was broken. Tappaan left the field
bleeding from the mouth and in much
pain from the injury.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3 (/P) —Francis
Tappaan, left end on the University of
Southern California eleven, may be out
of the game for several weeks as the
result of an injury received in scrim
mage with the Trojans yesterday after
noon.
The Southern California wingman was
kicked in the jaw and an x-ray was or
dered today to determine whether the
jaw was broken. Tappaan left the field
bleeding from the mouth and in much
pain from the injury.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3 (/P) —Francis
Tappaan, left end on the University of
Southern California eleven, may be out
of the game for several weeks as the
result of an injury received in scrim
mage with the Trojans yesterday after
noon.
The Southern California wingman was
kicked in the jaw and an x-ray was or
dered today to determine whether the
jaw was broken. Tappaan left the field
bleeding from the mouth and in much
pain from the injury.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3 (/P) —Francis
Tappaan, left end on the University of
Southern California eleven, may be out
of the game for several weeks as the
result of an injury received in scrim
mage with the Trojans yesterday after
noon.
The Southern California wingman was
kicked in the jaw and an x-ray was or
dered today to determine whether the
jaw was broken. Tappaan left the field
bleeding from the mouth and in much
pain from the injury.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3 (/P) —Francis
Tappaan, left end on the University of
Southern California eleven, may be out
of the game for several weeks as the
result of an injury received in scrim
mage with the Trojans yesterday after
noon.
The Southern California wingman was
kicked in the jaw and an x-ray was or
dered today to determine whether the
jaw was broken. Tappaan left the field
bleeding from the mouth and in much
pain from the injury.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3 (/P) —Francis
Tappaan, left end on the University of
Southern California eleven, may be out
of the game for several weeks as the
result of an injury received in scrim
mage with the Trojans yesterday after
noon.
The Southern California wingman was
kicked in the jaw and an x-ray was or
dered today to determine whether the
jaw was broken. Tappaan left the field
bleeding from the mouth and in much
pain from the injury.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3 (/P) —Francis
Tappaan, left end on the University of
Southern California eleven, may be out
of the game for several weeks as the
result of an injury received in scrim
mage with the Trojans yesterday after
noon.
The Southern California wingman was
kicked in the jaw and an x-ray was or
dered today to determine whether the
jaw was broken. Tappaan left the field
bleeding from the mouth and in much
pain from the injury.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3 (/P) —Francis
Tappaan, left end on the University of
Southern California eleven, may be out
of the game for several weeks as the
result of an injury received in scrim
mage with the Trojans yesterday after
noon.
The Southern California wingman was
kicked in the jaw and an x-ray was or
dered today to determine whether the
jaw was broken. Tappaan left the field
bleeding from the mouth and in much
pain from the injury.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3 (/P) —Francis
Tappaan, left end on the University of
Southern California eleven, may be out
of the game for several weeks as the
result of an injury received in scrim
mage with the Trojans yesterday after
noon.
The Southern California wingman was
kicked in the jaw and an x-ray was or
dered today to determine whether the
jaw was broken. Tappaan left the field
bleeding from the mouth and in much
pain from the injury.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3 (/P) —Francis
Tappaan, left end on the University of
Southern California eleven, may be out
of the game for several weeks as the
result of an injury received in scrim
mage with the Trojans yesterday after
noon.
The Southern California wingman was
kicked in the jaw and an x-ray was or
dered today to determine whether the
jaw was broken. Tappaan left the field
bleeding from the mouth and in much
pain from the injury.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3 (/P) —Francis
Tappaan, left end on the University of
Southern California eleven, may be out
of the game for several weeks as the
result of an injury received in scrim
mage with the Trojans yesterday after
noon.
The Southern California wingman was
kicked in the jaw and an x-ray was or
dered today to determine whether the
jaw was broken. Tappaan left the field
bleeding from the mouth and in much
pain from the injury.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3 (/P) —Francis
Tappaan, left end on the University of
Southern California eleven, may be out
of the game for several weeks as the
result of an injury received in scrim
mage with the Trojans yesterday after
noon.
The Southern California wingman was
kicked in the jaw and an x-ray was or
dered today to determine whether the
jaw was broken. Tappaan left the field
bleeding from the mouth and in much
pain from the injury.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3 (/P) —Francis
Tappaan, left end on the University of
Southern California eleven, may be out
of the game for several weeks as the
result of an injury received in scrim
mage with the Trojans yesterday after
noon.
The Southern California wingman was
kicked in the jaw and an x-ray was or
dered today to determine whether the
jaw was broken. Tappaan left the field
bleeding from the mouth and in much
pain from the injury.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3 (/P) —Francis
Tappaan, left end on the University of
Southern California eleven, may be out
of the game for several weeks as the
result of an injury received in scrim
mage with the Trojans yesterday after
noon.
The Southern California wingman was
kicked in the jaw and an x-ray was or
dered today to determine whether the
jaw was broken. Tappaan left the field
bleeding from the mouth and in much
pain from the injury.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3 (/P) —Francis
Tappaan, left end on the University of
Southern California eleven, may be out
of the game for several weeks as the
result of an injury received in scrim
mage with the Trojans yesterday after
noon.
The Southern California wingman was
kicked in the jaw and an x-ray was or
dered today to determine whether the
jaw was broken. Tappaan left the field
bleeding from the mouth and in much
pain from the injury.
