# POLO MEN TURN OUT FOR INITIAL SEASON'S DRILL
## 
### 
Varsity polo men had their first turn
out yesterday afternoon, when Captain
Richard A. Gordon gave a thorough dis
cussion of the game's fundamentals, ex
plained use of the wooden horse, care
of animals, and went over things in
general.
Twelve men are on the "A" squad at
present: McDougall and Mossman, let
termen; Revell, Cox, Shortridge, Clark,
Ddl, Gorham, Stevens, Givens, Gilbreath
and Austin.
"B" squad men will not turn out to
day, as the tie-up comes at the same
time. The first meeting of the second
team will be Saturday at 10:30 o'clock.
A new practice arrangement has been
costructed as an experiment, and will be
developed further if successful. It con
sists of a wooden horse enclosed by a
board fence, making a circle about fifty
feet in diameter. Balls can be thrown on
the ground at differet angles to the man
practicing.
