# Chappie Business Staff Open's Women's Tryouts
## 
### 
Trials for women's positions on the
business staff of the Chaparral will
open today at 1 o'clock in the Chapar
ral office, announces Florence Cooper,
women's business manager.
Duties of the tryoutees will include
office work, such as typing letters,
and making out bills; selling Chap
pies on tho Quad; and, canvassing
halls and houses for subscriptions.
Trials for women's positions on the
business staff of the Chaparral will
open today at 1 o'clock in the Chapar
ral office, announces Florence Cooper,
women's business manager.
Duties of the tryoutees will include
office work, such as typing letters,
and making out bills; selling Chap
pies on tho Quad; and, canvassing
halls and houses for subscriptions.
Trials for women's positions on the
business staff of the Chaparral will
open today at 1 o'clock in the Chapar
ral office, announces Florence Cooper,
women's business manager.
Duties of the tryoutees will include
office work, such as typing letters,
and making out bills; selling Chap
pies on tho Quad; and, canvassing
halls and houses for subscriptions.
Trials for women's positions on the
business staff of the Chaparral will
open today at 1 o'clock in the Chapar
ral office, announces Florence Cooper,
women's business manager.
Duties of the tryoutees will include
office work, such as typing letters,
and making out bills; selling Chap
pies on tho Quad; and, canvassing
halls and houses for subscriptions.
Trials for women's positions on the
business staff of the Chaparral will
open today at 1 o'clock in the Chapar
ral office, announces Florence Cooper,
women's business manager.
Duties of the tryoutees will include
office work, such as typing letters,
and making out bills; selling Chap
pies on tho Quad; and, canvassing
halls and houses for subscriptions.
Trials for women's positions on the
business staff of the Chaparral will
open today at 1 o'clock in the Chapar
ral office, announces Florence Cooper,
women's business manager.
Duties of the tryoutees will include
office work, such as typing letters,
and making out bills; selling Chap
pies on tho Quad; and, canvassing
halls and houses for subscriptions.
Trials for women's positions on the
business staff of the Chaparral will
open today at 1 o'clock in the Chapar
ral office, announces Florence Cooper,
women's business manager.
Duties of the tryoutees will include
office work, such as typing letters,
and making out bills; selling Chap
pies on tho Quad; and, canvassing
halls and houses for subscriptions.
Trials for women's positions on the
business staff of the Chaparral will
open today at 1 o'clock in the Chapar
ral office, announces Florence Cooper,
women's business manager.
Duties of the tryoutees will include
office work, such as typing letters,
and making out bills; selling Chap
pies on tho Quad; and, canvassing
halls and houses for subscriptions.
Trials for women's positions on the
business staff of the Chaparral will
open today at 1 o'clock in the Chapar
ral office, announces Florence Cooper,
women's business manager.
Duties of the tryoutees will include
office work, such as typing letters,
and making out bills; selling Chap
pies on tho Quad; and, canvassing
halls and houses for subscriptions.
Trials for women's positions on the
business staff of the Chaparral will
open today at 1 o'clock in the Chapar
ral office, announces Florence Cooper,
women's business manager.
Duties of the tryoutees will include
office work, such as typing letters,
and making out bills; selling Chap
pies on tho Quad; and, canvassing
halls and houses for subscriptions.
Trials for women's positions on the
business staff of the Chaparral will
open today at 1 o'clock in the Chapar
ral office, announces Florence Cooper,
women's business manager.
Duties of the tryoutees will include
office work, such as typing letters,
and making out bills; selling Chap
pies on tho Quad; and, canvassing
halls and houses for subscriptions.
Trials for women's positions on the
business staff of the Chaparral will
open today at 1 o'clock in the Chapar
ral office, announces Florence Cooper,
women's business manager.
Duties of the tryoutees will include
office work, such as typing letters,
and making out bills; selling Chap
pies on tho Quad; and, canvassing
halls and houses for subscriptions.
Trials for women's positions on the
business staff of the Chaparral will
open today at 1 o'clock in the Chapar
ral office, announces Florence Cooper,
women's business manager.
Duties of the tryoutees will include
office work, such as typing letters,
and making out bills; selling Chap
pies on tho Quad; and, canvassing
halls and houses for subscriptions.
Trials for women's positions on the
business staff of the Chaparral will
open today at 1 o'clock in the Chapar
ral office, announces Florence Cooper,
women's business manager.
Duties of the tryoutees will include
office work, such as typing letters,
and making out bills; selling Chap
pies on tho Quad; and, canvassing
halls and houses for subscriptions.
Trials for women's positions on the
business staff of the Chaparral will
open today at 1 o'clock in the Chapar
ral office, announces Florence Cooper,
women's business manager.
Duties of the tryoutees will include
office work, such as typing letters,
and making out bills; selling Chap
pies on tho Quad; and, canvassing
halls and houses for subscriptions.
Trials for women's positions on the
business staff of the Chaparral will
open today at 1 o'clock in the Chapar
ral office, announces Florence Cooper,
women's business manager.
Duties of the tryoutees will include
office work, such as typing letters,
and making out bills; selling Chap
pies on tho Quad; and, canvassing
halls and houses for subscriptions.
