# TWENTY-SEVEN HOUSES RENEW CO-OPERATION
## 
### 
Twenty-seven houses —seven sorori
ties and twenty fraternities — were
represented at the first meeting of
the Students' Co-operative Purchasing
Association held at the Theta Delta
Chi house last night. Elliott Ayres,
present manager of the organization,
acted as chairman.
The meeting was called for the pur
pose of discussing the problem of
purchasing supplies for the coming
year. Comptroller A. E. Roth was
present and gave a brief talk.
Twenty-seven houses —seven sorori
ties and twenty fraternities — were
represented at the first meeting of
the Students' Co-operative Purchasing
Association held at the Theta Delta
Chi house last night. Elliott Ayres,
present manager of the organization,
acted as chairman.
The meeting was called for the pur
pose of discussing the problem of
purchasing supplies for the coming
year. Comptroller A. E. Roth was
present and gave a brief talk.
Twenty-seven houses —seven sorori
ties and twenty fraternities — were
represented at the first meeting of
the Students' Co-operative Purchasing
Association held at the Theta Delta
Chi house last night. Elliott Ayres,
present manager of the organization,
acted as chairman.
The meeting was called for the pur
pose of discussing the problem of
purchasing supplies for the coming
year. Comptroller A. E. Roth was
present and gave a brief talk.
Twenty-seven houses —seven sorori
ties and twenty fraternities — were
represented at the first meeting of
the Students' Co-operative Purchasing
Association held at the Theta Delta
Chi house last night. Elliott Ayres,
present manager of the organization,
acted as chairman.
The meeting was called for the pur
pose of discussing the problem of
purchasing supplies for the coming
year. Comptroller A. E. Roth was
present and gave a brief talk.
Twenty-seven houses —seven sorori
ties and twenty fraternities — were
represented at the first meeting of
the Students' Co-operative Purchasing
Association held at the Theta Delta
Chi house last night. Elliott Ayres,
present manager of the organization,
acted as chairman.
The meeting was called for the pur
pose of discussing the problem of
purchasing supplies for the coming
year. Comptroller A. E. Roth was
present and gave a brief talk.
Twenty-seven houses —seven sorori
ties and twenty fraternities — were
represented at the first meeting of
the Students' Co-operative Purchasing
Association held at the Theta Delta
Chi house last night. Elliott Ayres,
present manager of the organization,
acted as chairman.
The meeting was called for the pur
pose of discussing the problem of
purchasing supplies for the coming
year. Comptroller A. E. Roth was
present and gave a brief talk.
Twenty-seven houses —seven sorori
ties and twenty fraternities — were
represented at the first meeting of
the Students' Co-operative Purchasing
Association held at the Theta Delta
Chi house last night. Elliott Ayres,
present manager of the organization,
acted as chairman.
The meeting was called for the pur
pose of discussing the problem of
purchasing supplies for the coming
year. Comptroller A. E. Roth was
present and gave a brief talk.
Twenty-seven houses —seven sorori
ties and twenty fraternities — were
represented at the first meeting of
the Students' Co-operative Purchasing
Association held at the Theta Delta
Chi house last night. Elliott Ayres,
present manager of the organization,
acted as chairman.
The meeting was called for the pur
pose of discussing the problem of
purchasing supplies for the coming
year. Comptroller A. E. Roth was
present and gave a brief talk.
Twenty-seven houses —seven sorori
ties and twenty fraternities — were
represented at the first meeting of
the Students' Co-operative Purchasing
Association held at the Theta Delta
Chi house last night. Elliott Ayres,
present manager of the organization,
acted as chairman.
The meeting was called for the pur
pose of discussing the problem of
purchasing supplies for the coming
year. Comptroller A. E. Roth was
present and gave a brief talk.
Twenty-seven houses —seven sorori
ties and twenty fraternities — were
represented at the first meeting of
the Students' Co-operative Purchasing
Association held at the Theta Delta
Chi house last night. Elliott Ayres,
present manager of the organization,
acted as chairman.
The meeting was called for the pur
pose of discussing the problem of
purchasing supplies for the coming
year. Comptroller A. E. Roth was
present and gave a brief talk.
Twenty-seven houses —seven sorori
ties and twenty fraternities — were
represented at the first meeting of
the Students' Co-operative Purchasing
Association held at the Theta Delta
Chi house last night. Elliott Ayres,
present manager of the organization,
acted as chairman.
The meeting was called for the pur
pose of discussing the problem of
purchasing supplies for the coming
year. Comptroller A. E. Roth was
present and gave a brief talk.
Twenty-seven houses —seven sorori
ties and twenty fraternities — were
represented at the first meeting of
the Students' Co-operative Purchasing
Association held at the Theta Delta
Chi house last night. Elliott Ayres,
present manager of the organization,
acted as chairman.
The meeting was called for the pur
pose of discussing the problem of
purchasing supplies for the coming
year. Comptroller A. E. Roth was
present and gave a brief talk.
Twenty-seven houses —seven sorori
ties and twenty fraternities — were
represented at the first meeting of
the Students' Co-operative Purchasing
Association held at the Theta Delta
Chi house last night. Elliott Ayres,
present manager of the organization,
acted as chairman.
The meeting was called for the pur
pose of discussing the problem of
purchasing supplies for the coming
year. Comptroller A. E. Roth was
present and gave a brief talk.
Twenty-seven houses —seven sorori
ties and twenty fraternities — were
represented at the first meeting of
the Students' Co-operative Purchasing
Association held at the Theta Delta
Chi house last night. Elliott Ayres,
present manager of the organization,
acted as chairman.
The meeting was called for the pur
pose of discussing the problem of
purchasing supplies for the coming
year. Comptroller A. E. Roth was
present and gave a brief talk.
Twenty-seven houses —seven sorori
ties and twenty fraternities — were
represented at the first meeting of
the Students' Co-operative Purchasing
Association held at the Theta Delta
Chi house last night. Elliott Ayres,
present manager of the organization,
acted as chairman.
The meeting was called for the pur
pose of discussing the problem of
purchasing supplies for the coming
year. Comptroller A. E. Roth was
present and gave a brief talk.
Twenty-seven houses —seven sorori
ties and twenty fraternities — were
represented at the first meeting of
the Students' Co-operative Purchasing
Association held at the Theta Delta
Chi house last night. Elliott Ayres,
present manager of the organization,
acted as chairman.
The meeting was called for the pur
pose of discussing the problem of
purchasing supplies for the coming
year. Comptroller A. E. Roth was
present and gave a brief talk.
