# Adv. 44 Page 12
## 
### 
—— .+
EATING
PROBLEMS
GROUP
Counseling and Psychological
Services at Cowell is offering a two
quarter group for women with
bulimia, problems of binge-eating,
and food obsession. This is not a
weight-loss group, but an on-going
program for those whose eating feels
out of control.
For information/
appointment,
call: 723-3785.
—— .+
EATING
PROBLEMS
GROUP
Counseling and Psychological
Services at Cowell is offering a two
quarter group for women with
bulimia, problems of binge-eating,
and food obsession. This is not a
weight-loss group, but an on-going
program for those whose eating feels
out of control.
For information/
appointment,
call: 723-3785.
—— .+
EATING
PROBLEMS
GROUP
Counseling and Psychological
Services at Cowell is offering a two
quarter group for women with
bulimia, problems of binge-eating,
and food obsession. This is not a
weight-loss group, but an on-going
program for those whose eating feels
out of control.
For information/
appointment,
call: 723-3785.
—— .+
EATING
PROBLEMS
GROUP
Counseling and Psychological
Services at Cowell is offering a two
quarter group for women with
bulimia, problems of binge-eating,
and food obsession. This is not a
weight-loss group, but an on-going
program for those whose eating feels
out of control.
For information/
appointment,
call: 723-3785.
—— .+
EATING
PROBLEMS
GROUP
Counseling and Psychological
Services at Cowell is offering a two
quarter group for women with
bulimia, problems of binge-eating,
and food obsession. This is not a
weight-loss group, but an on-going
program for those whose eating feels
out of control.
For information/
appointment,
call: 723-3785.
—— .+
EATING
PROBLEMS
GROUP
Counseling and Psychological
Services at Cowell is offering a two
quarter group for women with
bulimia, problems of binge-eating,
and food obsession. This is not a
weight-loss group, but an on-going
program for those whose eating feels
out of control.
For information/
appointment,
call: 723-3785.
—— .+
EATING
PROBLEMS
GROUP
Counseling and Psychological
Services at Cowell is offering a two
quarter group for women with
bulimia, problems of binge-eating,
and food obsession. This is not a
weight-loss group, but an on-going
program for those whose eating feels
out of control.
For information/
appointment,
call: 723-3785.
—— .+
EATING
PROBLEMS
GROUP
Counseling and Psychological
Services at Cowell is offering a two
quarter group for women with
bulimia, problems of binge-eating,
and food obsession. This is not a
weight-loss group, but an on-going
program for those whose eating feels
out of control.
For information/
appointment,
call: 723-3785.
—— .+
EATING
PROBLEMS
GROUP
Counseling and Psychological
Services at Cowell is offering a two
quarter group for women with
bulimia, problems of binge-eating,
and food obsession. This is not a
weight-loss group, but an on-going
program for those whose eating feels
out of control.
For information/
appointment,
call: 723-3785.
