# Bulletin Board
## 
### 
Quad Studio: Will be open today,
morning and afternoon, for individ
ual pictures of Glee Clubs, Cap and
Gown, and debating team members.
Glee Club men must wear dinner
coats.
Sword and Sandals Try outs: Will
be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock
in room 90 for "Pelias and Meli
sande."
International Relations Club: Will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the West Library of the Political
Science Building.
Organ Recital: Mr. Kendall plays
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
History of Motion Pictures Class:
Shows Rudolph Valentino in "Mon
sieur Beaucaire" thus evening at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall.
American Students Union: Open
chapter meeting tonight at 7:30 in
the lounge room of Women's Club
house.
Current Events Class: Professor
Thomas S. Barclay will speak today
on American politics and party or
ganization.
Quad Studio: Will be open today,
morning and afternoon, for individ
ual pictures of Glee Clubs, Cap and
Gown, and debating team members.
Glee Club men must wear dinner
coats.
Sword and Sandals Try outs: Will
be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock
in room 90 for "Pelias and Meli
sande."
International Relations Club: Will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the West Library of the Political
Science Building.
Organ Recital: Mr. Kendall plays
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
History of Motion Pictures Class:
Shows Rudolph Valentino in "Mon
sieur Beaucaire" thus evening at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall.
American Students Union: Open
chapter meeting tonight at 7:30 in
the lounge room of Women's Club
house.
Current Events Class: Professor
Thomas S. Barclay will speak today
on American politics and party or
ganization.
Quad Studio: Will be open today,
morning and afternoon, for individ
ual pictures of Glee Clubs, Cap and
Gown, and debating team members.
Glee Club men must wear dinner
coats.
Sword and Sandals Try outs: Will
be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock
in room 90 for "Pelias and Meli
sande."
International Relations Club: Will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the West Library of the Political
Science Building.
Organ Recital: Mr. Kendall plays
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
History of Motion Pictures Class:
Shows Rudolph Valentino in "Mon
sieur Beaucaire" thus evening at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall.
American Students Union: Open
chapter meeting tonight at 7:30 in
the lounge room of Women's Club
house.
Current Events Class: Professor
Thomas S. Barclay will speak today
on American politics and party or
ganization.
Quad Studio: Will be open today,
morning and afternoon, for individ
ual pictures of Glee Clubs, Cap and
Gown, and debating team members.
Glee Club men must wear dinner
coats.
Sword and Sandals Try outs: Will
be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock
in room 90 for "Pelias and Meli
sande."
International Relations Club: Will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the West Library of the Political
Science Building.
Organ Recital: Mr. Kendall plays
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
History of Motion Pictures Class:
Shows Rudolph Valentino in "Mon
sieur Beaucaire" thus evening at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall.
American Students Union: Open
chapter meeting tonight at 7:30 in
the lounge room of Women's Club
house.
Current Events Class: Professor
Thomas S. Barclay will speak today
on American politics and party or
ganization.
Quad Studio: Will be open today,
morning and afternoon, for individ
ual pictures of Glee Clubs, Cap and
Gown, and debating team members.
Glee Club men must wear dinner
coats.
Sword and Sandals Try outs: Will
be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock
in room 90 for "Pelias and Meli
sande."
International Relations Club: Will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the West Library of the Political
Science Building.
Organ Recital: Mr. Kendall plays
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
History of Motion Pictures Class:
Shows Rudolph Valentino in "Mon
sieur Beaucaire" thus evening at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall.
American Students Union: Open
chapter meeting tonight at 7:30 in
the lounge room of Women's Club
house.
Current Events Class: Professor
Thomas S. Barclay will speak today
on American politics and party or
ganization.
Quad Studio: Will be open today,
morning and afternoon, for individ
ual pictures of Glee Clubs, Cap and
Gown, and debating team members.
Glee Club men must wear dinner
coats.
Sword and Sandals Try outs: Will
be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock
in room 90 for "Pelias and Meli
sande."
International Relations Club: Will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the West Library of the Political
Science Building.
Organ Recital: Mr. Kendall plays
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
History of Motion Pictures Class:
Shows Rudolph Valentino in "Mon
sieur Beaucaire" thus evening at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall.
American Students Union: Open
chapter meeting tonight at 7:30 in
the lounge room of Women's Club
house.
Current Events Class: Professor
Thomas S. Barclay will speak today
on American politics and party or
ganization.
Quad Studio: Will be open today,
morning and afternoon, for individ
ual pictures of Glee Clubs, Cap and
Gown, and debating team members.
Glee Club men must wear dinner
coats.
Sword and Sandals Try outs: Will
be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock
in room 90 for "Pelias and Meli
sande."
International Relations Club: Will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the West Library of the Political
Science Building.
Organ Recital: Mr. Kendall plays
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
History of Motion Pictures Class:
Shows Rudolph Valentino in "Mon
sieur Beaucaire" thus evening at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall.
American Students Union: Open
chapter meeting tonight at 7:30 in
the lounge room of Women's Club
house.
Current Events Class: Professor
Thomas S. Barclay will speak today
on American politics and party or
ganization.
Quad Studio: Will be open today,
morning and afternoon, for individ
ual pictures of Glee Clubs, Cap and
Gown, and debating team members.
Glee Club men must wear dinner
coats.
Sword and Sandals Try outs: Will
be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock
in room 90 for "Pelias and Meli
sande."
International Relations Club: Will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the West Library of the Political
Science Building.
Organ Recital: Mr. Kendall plays
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
History of Motion Pictures Class:
Shows Rudolph Valentino in "Mon
sieur Beaucaire" thus evening at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall.
American Students Union: Open
chapter meeting tonight at 7:30 in
the lounge room of Women's Club
house.
Current Events Class: Professor
Thomas S. Barclay will speak today
on American politics and party or
ganization.
Quad Studio: Will be open today,
morning and afternoon, for individ
ual pictures of Glee Clubs, Cap and
Gown, and debating team members.
Glee Club men must wear dinner
coats.
Sword and Sandals Try outs: Will
be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock
in room 90 for "Pelias and Meli
sande."
International Relations Club: Will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the West Library of the Political
Science Building.
Organ Recital: Mr. Kendall plays
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
History of Motion Pictures Class:
Shows Rudolph Valentino in "Mon
sieur Beaucaire" thus evening at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall.
American Students Union: Open
chapter meeting tonight at 7:30 in
the lounge room of Women's Club
house.
Current Events Class: Professor
Thomas S. Barclay will speak today
on American politics and party or
ganization.
Quad Studio: Will be open today,
morning and afternoon, for individ
ual pictures of Glee Clubs, Cap and
Gown, and debating team members.
Glee Club men must wear dinner
coats.
Sword and Sandals Try outs: Will
be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock
in room 90 for "Pelias and Meli
sande."
International Relations Club: Will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the West Library of the Political
Science Building.
Organ Recital: Mr. Kendall plays
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
History of Motion Pictures Class:
Shows Rudolph Valentino in "Mon
sieur Beaucaire" thus evening at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall.
American Students Union: Open
chapter meeting tonight at 7:30 in
the lounge room of Women's Club
house.
Current Events Class: Professor
Thomas S. Barclay will speak today
on American politics and party or
ganization.
Quad Studio: Will be open today,
morning and afternoon, for individ
ual pictures of Glee Clubs, Cap and
Gown, and debating team members.
Glee Club men must wear dinner
coats.
Sword and Sandals Try outs: Will
be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock
in room 90 for "Pelias and Meli
sande."
International Relations Club: Will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the West Library of the Political
Science Building.
Organ Recital: Mr. Kendall plays
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
History of Motion Pictures Class:
Shows Rudolph Valentino in "Mon
sieur Beaucaire" thus evening at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall.
American Students Union: Open
chapter meeting tonight at 7:30 in
the lounge room of Women's Club
house.
Current Events Class: Professor
Thomas S. Barclay will speak today
on American politics and party or
ganization.
Quad Studio: Will be open today,
morning and afternoon, for individ
ual pictures of Glee Clubs, Cap and
Gown, and debating team members.
Glee Club men must wear dinner
coats.
Sword and Sandals Try outs: Will
be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock
in room 90 for "Pelias and Meli
sande."
International Relations Club: Will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the West Library of the Political
Science Building.
Organ Recital: Mr. Kendall plays
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
History of Motion Pictures Class:
Shows Rudolph Valentino in "Mon
sieur Beaucaire" thus evening at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall.
American Students Union: Open
chapter meeting tonight at 7:30 in
the lounge room of Women's Club
house.
Current Events Class: Professor
Thomas S. Barclay will speak today
on American politics and party or
ganization.
Quad Studio: Will be open today,
morning and afternoon, for individ
ual pictures of Glee Clubs, Cap and
Gown, and debating team members.
Glee Club men must wear dinner
coats.
Sword and Sandals Try outs: Will
be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock
in room 90 for "Pelias and Meli
sande."
International Relations Club: Will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the West Library of the Political
Science Building.
Organ Recital: Mr. Kendall plays
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
History of Motion Pictures Class:
Shows Rudolph Valentino in "Mon
sieur Beaucaire" thus evening at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall.
American Students Union: Open
chapter meeting tonight at 7:30 in
the lounge room of Women's Club
house.
Current Events Class: Professor
Thomas S. Barclay will speak today
on American politics and party or
ganization.
Quad Studio: Will be open today,
morning and afternoon, for individ
ual pictures of Glee Clubs, Cap and
Gown, and debating team members.
Glee Club men must wear dinner
coats.
Sword and Sandals Try outs: Will
be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock
in room 90 for "Pelias and Meli
sande."
International Relations Club: Will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the West Library of the Political
Science Building.
Organ Recital: Mr. Kendall plays
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
History of Motion Pictures Class:
Shows Rudolph Valentino in "Mon
sieur Beaucaire" thus evening at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall.
American Students Union: Open
chapter meeting tonight at 7:30 in
the lounge room of Women's Club
house.
Current Events Class: Professor
Thomas S. Barclay will speak today
on American politics and party or
ganization.
Quad Studio: Will be open today,
morning and afternoon, for individ
ual pictures of Glee Clubs, Cap and
Gown, and debating team members.
Glee Club men must wear dinner
coats.
Sword and Sandals Try outs: Will
be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock
in room 90 for "Pelias and Meli
sande."
International Relations Club: Will
meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock in
the West Library of the Political
Science Building.
Organ Recital: Mr. Kendall plays
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
History of Motion Pictures Class:
Shows Rudolph Valentino in "Mon
sieur Beaucaire" thus evening at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall.
American Students Union: Open
chapter meeting tonight at 7:30 in
the lounge room of Women's Club
house.
Current Events Class: Professor
Thomas S. Barclay will speak today
on American politics and party or
ganization.
