# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
A New ...
Checked Suit
The Popular Cardigan
Neckline ...
... patch pockets cut
on the diagonal ;
weave
... box pleated skirt
. . . small and medium
checks
... black and white
brown and white
navy and white,
sizes 10-20 ' . . $ 25
J AL° ALTO
I
A New ...
Checked Suit
The Popular Cardigan
Neckline ...
... patch pockets cut
on the diagonal ;
weave
... box pleated skirt
. . . small and medium
checks
... black and white
brown and white
navy and white,
sizes 10-20 ' . . $ 25
J AL° ALTO
I
A New ...
Checked Suit
The Popular Cardigan
Neckline ...
... patch pockets cut
on the diagonal ;
weave
... box pleated skirt
. . . small and medium
checks
... black and white
brown and white
navy and white,
sizes 10-20 ' . . $ 25
J AL° ALTO
I
A New ...
Checked Suit
The Popular Cardigan
Neckline ...
... patch pockets cut
on the diagonal ;
weave
... box pleated skirt
. . . small and medium
checks
... black and white
brown and white
navy and white,
sizes 10-20 ' . . $ 25
J AL° ALTO
I
A New ...
Checked Suit
The Popular Cardigan
Neckline ...
... patch pockets cut
on the diagonal ;
weave
... box pleated skirt
. . . small and medium
checks
... black and white
brown and white
navy and white,
sizes 10-20 ' . . $ 25
J AL° ALTO
I
A New ...
Checked Suit
The Popular Cardigan
Neckline ...
... patch pockets cut
on the diagonal ;
weave
... box pleated skirt
. . . small and medium
checks
... black and white
brown and white
navy and white,
sizes 10-20 ' . . $ 25
J AL° ALTO
I
A New ...
Checked Suit
The Popular Cardigan
Neckline ...
... patch pockets cut
on the diagonal ;
weave
... box pleated skirt
. . . small and medium
checks
... black and white
brown and white
navy and white,
sizes 10-20 ' . . $ 25
J AL° ALTO
I
A New ...
Checked Suit
The Popular Cardigan
Neckline ...
... patch pockets cut
on the diagonal ;
weave
... box pleated skirt
. . . small and medium
checks
... black and white
brown and white
navy and white,
sizes 10-20 ' . . $ 25
J AL° ALTO
I
A New ...
Checked Suit
The Popular Cardigan
Neckline ...
... patch pockets cut
on the diagonal ;
weave
... box pleated skirt
. . . small and medium
checks
... black and white
brown and white
navy and white,
sizes 10-20 ' . . $ 25
J AL° ALTO
I
A New ...
Checked Suit
The Popular Cardigan
Neckline ...
... patch pockets cut
on the diagonal ;
weave
... box pleated skirt
. . . small and medium
checks
... black and white
brown and white
navy and white,
sizes 10-20 ' . . $ 25
J AL° ALTO
I
A New ...
Checked Suit
The Popular Cardigan
Neckline ...
... patch pockets cut
on the diagonal ;
weave
... box pleated skirt
. . . small and medium
checks
... black and white
brown and white
navy and white,
sizes 10-20 ' . . $ 25
J AL° ALTO
I
A New ...
Checked Suit
The Popular Cardigan
Neckline ...
... patch pockets cut
on the diagonal ;
weave
... box pleated skirt
. . . small and medium
checks
... black and white
brown and white
navy and white,
sizes 10-20 ' . . $ 25
J AL° ALTO
I
A New ...
Checked Suit
The Popular Cardigan
Neckline ...
... patch pockets cut
on the diagonal ;
weave
... box pleated skirt
. . . small and medium
checks
... black and white
brown and white
navy and white,
sizes 10-20 ' . . $ 25
J AL° ALTO
I
A New ...
Checked Suit
The Popular Cardigan
Neckline ...
... patch pockets cut
on the diagonal ;
weave
... box pleated skirt
. . . small and medium
checks
... black and white
brown and white
navy and white,
sizes 10-20 ' . . $ 25
J AL° ALTO
I
A New ...
Checked Suit
The Popular Cardigan
Neckline ...
... patch pockets cut
on the diagonal ;
weave
... box pleated skirt
. . . small and medium
checks
... black and white
brown and white
navy and white,
sizes 10-20 ' . . $ 25
J AL° ALTO
I
A New ...
Checked Suit
The Popular Cardigan
Neckline ...
... patch pockets cut
on the diagonal ;
weave
... box pleated skirt
. . . small and medium
checks
... black and white
brown and white
navy and white,
sizes 10-20 ' . . $ 25
J AL° ALTO
I
