# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
TELEPHONE 8115
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Jle Cfoutmet
Food Shop
Lunch Counter
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Ave.
Phone 2-3153
Featuring home cooked
food. Served and to
take out.
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
TELEPHONE 8115
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Jle Cfoutmet
Food Shop
Lunch Counter
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Ave.
Phone 2-3153
Featuring home cooked
food. Served and to
take out.
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
TELEPHONE 8115
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Jle Cfoutmet
Food Shop
Lunch Counter
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Ave.
Phone 2-3153
Featuring home cooked
food. Served and to
take out.
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
TELEPHONE 8115
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Jle Cfoutmet
Food Shop
Lunch Counter
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Ave.
Phone 2-3153
Featuring home cooked
food. Served and to
take out.
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
TELEPHONE 8115
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Jle Cfoutmet
Food Shop
Lunch Counter
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Ave.
Phone 2-3153
Featuring home cooked
food. Served and to
take out.
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
TELEPHONE 8115
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Jle Cfoutmet
Food Shop
Lunch Counter
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Ave.
Phone 2-3153
Featuring home cooked
food. Served and to
take out.
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
TELEPHONE 8115
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Jle Cfoutmet
Food Shop
Lunch Counter
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Ave.
Phone 2-3153
Featuring home cooked
food. Served and to
take out.
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
TELEPHONE 8115
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Jle Cfoutmet
Food Shop
Lunch Counter
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Ave.
Phone 2-3153
Featuring home cooked
food. Served and to
take out.
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
TELEPHONE 8115
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Jle Cfoutmet
Food Shop
Lunch Counter
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Ave.
Phone 2-3153
Featuring home cooked
food. Served and to
take out.
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
TELEPHONE 8115
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Jle Cfoutmet
Food Shop
Lunch Counter
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Ave.
Phone 2-3153
Featuring home cooked
food. Served and to
take out.
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
TELEPHONE 8115
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Jle Cfoutmet
Food Shop
Lunch Counter
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Ave.
Phone 2-3153
Featuring home cooked
food. Served and to
take out.
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
TELEPHONE 8115
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Jle Cfoutmet
Food Shop
Lunch Counter
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Ave.
Phone 2-3153
Featuring home cooked
food. Served and to
take out.
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
TELEPHONE 8115
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Jle Cfoutmet
Food Shop
Lunch Counter
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Ave.
Phone 2-3153
Featuring home cooked
food. Served and to
take out.
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
TELEPHONE 8115
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Jle Cfoutmet
Food Shop
Lunch Counter
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Ave.
Phone 2-3153
Featuring home cooked
food. Served and to
take out.
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
TELEPHONE 8115
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Jle Cfoutmet
Food Shop
Lunch Counter
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Ave.
Phone 2-3153
Featuring home cooked
food. Served and to
take out.
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
TELEPHONE 8115
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Jle Cfoutmet
Food Shop
Lunch Counter
Hours 10 to 6
315 University Ave.
Phone 2-3153
Featuring home cooked
food. Served and to
take out.
