# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Voters in Texas are not required
to pay a poll tax after they reach
the age of 60.
Voters in Texas are not required
to pay a poll tax after they reach
the age of 60.
Voters in Texas are not required
to pay a poll tax after they reach
the age of 60.
Voters in Texas are not required
to pay a poll tax after they reach
the age of 60.
Voters in Texas are not required
to pay a poll tax after they reach
the age of 60.
Voters in Texas are not required
to pay a poll tax after they reach
the age of 60.
Voters in Texas are not required
to pay a poll tax after they reach
the age of 60.
Voters in Texas are not required
to pay a poll tax after they reach
the age of 60.
Voters in Texas are not required
to pay a poll tax after they reach
the age of 60.
Voters in Texas are not required
to pay a poll tax after they reach
the age of 60.
Voters in Texas are not required
to pay a poll tax after they reach
the age of 60.
Voters in Texas are not required
to pay a poll tax after they reach
the age of 60.
Voters in Texas are not required
to pay a poll tax after they reach
the age of 60.
Voters in Texas are not required
to pay a poll tax after they reach
the age of 60.
Voters in Texas are not required
to pay a poll tax after they reach
the age of 60.
Voters in Texas are not required
to pay a poll tax after they reach
the age of 60.
