# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
One hundred Indonesians, some dressed in native clothing, picket the
Netherlands Consulate in San Francisco in protest of labor and po
litical conditions in the Dutch East Indies.

By United Press
One hundred Indonesians, some dressed in native clothing, picket the
Netherlands Consulate in San Francisco in protest of labor and po
litical conditions in the Dutch East Indies.

By United Press
One hundred Indonesians, some dressed in native clothing, picket the
Netherlands Consulate in San Francisco in protest of labor and po
litical conditions in the Dutch East Indies.

By United Press
One hundred Indonesians, some dressed in native clothing, picket the
Netherlands Consulate in San Francisco in protest of labor and po
litical conditions in the Dutch East Indies.

By United Press
One hundred Indonesians, some dressed in native clothing, picket the
Netherlands Consulate in San Francisco in protest of labor and po
litical conditions in the Dutch East Indies.

By United Press
One hundred Indonesians, some dressed in native clothing, picket the
Netherlands Consulate in San Francisco in protest of labor and po
litical conditions in the Dutch East Indies.

By United Press
One hundred Indonesians, some dressed in native clothing, picket the
Netherlands Consulate in San Francisco in protest of labor and po
litical conditions in the Dutch East Indies.

By United Press
One hundred Indonesians, some dressed in native clothing, picket the
Netherlands Consulate in San Francisco in protest of labor and po
litical conditions in the Dutch East Indies.

By United Press
One hundred Indonesians, some dressed in native clothing, picket the
Netherlands Consulate in San Francisco in protest of labor and po
litical conditions in the Dutch East Indies.

By United Press
One hundred Indonesians, some dressed in native clothing, picket the
Netherlands Consulate in San Francisco in protest of labor and po
litical conditions in the Dutch East Indies.

By United Press
One hundred Indonesians, some dressed in native clothing, picket the
Netherlands Consulate in San Francisco in protest of labor and po
litical conditions in the Dutch East Indies.

By United Press
One hundred Indonesians, some dressed in native clothing, picket the
Netherlands Consulate in San Francisco in protest of labor and po
litical conditions in the Dutch East Indies.

By United Press
One hundred Indonesians, some dressed in native clothing, picket the
Netherlands Consulate in San Francisco in protest of labor and po
litical conditions in the Dutch East Indies.

By United Press
One hundred Indonesians, some dressed in native clothing, picket the
Netherlands Consulate in San Francisco in protest of labor and po
litical conditions in the Dutch East Indies.

By United Press
One hundred Indonesians, some dressed in native clothing, picket the
Netherlands Consulate in San Francisco in protest of labor and po
litical conditions in the Dutch East Indies.

By United Press
One hundred Indonesians, some dressed in native clothing, picket the
Netherlands Consulate in San Francisco in protest of labor and po
litical conditions in the Dutch East Indies.
