# LUMBER STRIKES
## 
### 
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 10.-(UP).
—Four more CIO lumber mills in
Oregon were closed by AFL pickets
today in the three-weeks old five
state AFL lumber and sawmill
workers strike. Picket lines were
withdrawn from five Olympia, Wash,
plants, enabling 900 workers to re
port back to their jobs under the
protection of a court order.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 10.-(UP).
—Four more CIO lumber mills in
Oregon were closed by AFL pickets
today in the three-weeks old five
state AFL lumber and sawmill
workers strike. Picket lines were
withdrawn from five Olympia, Wash,
plants, enabling 900 workers to re
port back to their jobs under the
protection of a court order.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 10.-(UP).
—Four more CIO lumber mills in
Oregon were closed by AFL pickets
today in the three-weeks old five
state AFL lumber and sawmill
workers strike. Picket lines were
withdrawn from five Olympia, Wash,
plants, enabling 900 workers to re
port back to their jobs under the
protection of a court order.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 10.-(UP).
—Four more CIO lumber mills in
Oregon were closed by AFL pickets
today in the three-weeks old five
state AFL lumber and sawmill
workers strike. Picket lines were
withdrawn from five Olympia, Wash,
plants, enabling 900 workers to re
port back to their jobs under the
protection of a court order.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 10.-(UP).
—Four more CIO lumber mills in
Oregon were closed by AFL pickets
today in the three-weeks old five
state AFL lumber and sawmill
workers strike. Picket lines were
withdrawn from five Olympia, Wash,
plants, enabling 900 workers to re
port back to their jobs under the
protection of a court order.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 10.-(UP).
—Four more CIO lumber mills in
Oregon were closed by AFL pickets
today in the three-weeks old five
state AFL lumber and sawmill
workers strike. Picket lines were
withdrawn from five Olympia, Wash,
plants, enabling 900 workers to re
port back to their jobs under the
protection of a court order.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 10.-(UP).
—Four more CIO lumber mills in
Oregon were closed by AFL pickets
today in the three-weeks old five
state AFL lumber and sawmill
workers strike. Picket lines were
withdrawn from five Olympia, Wash,
plants, enabling 900 workers to re
port back to their jobs under the
protection of a court order.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 10.-(UP).
—Four more CIO lumber mills in
Oregon were closed by AFL pickets
today in the three-weeks old five
state AFL lumber and sawmill
workers strike. Picket lines were
withdrawn from five Olympia, Wash,
plants, enabling 900 workers to re
port back to their jobs under the
protection of a court order.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 10.-(UP).
—Four more CIO lumber mills in
Oregon were closed by AFL pickets
today in the three-weeks old five
state AFL lumber and sawmill
workers strike. Picket lines were
withdrawn from five Olympia, Wash,
plants, enabling 900 workers to re
port back to their jobs under the
protection of a court order.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 10.-(UP).
—Four more CIO lumber mills in
Oregon were closed by AFL pickets
today in the three-weeks old five
state AFL lumber and sawmill
workers strike. Picket lines were
withdrawn from five Olympia, Wash,
plants, enabling 900 workers to re
port back to their jobs under the
protection of a court order.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 10.-(UP).
—Four more CIO lumber mills in
Oregon were closed by AFL pickets
today in the three-weeks old five
state AFL lumber and sawmill
workers strike. Picket lines were
withdrawn from five Olympia, Wash,
plants, enabling 900 workers to re
port back to their jobs under the
protection of a court order.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 10.-(UP).
—Four more CIO lumber mills in
Oregon were closed by AFL pickets
today in the three-weeks old five
state AFL lumber and sawmill
workers strike. Picket lines were
withdrawn from five Olympia, Wash,
plants, enabling 900 workers to re
port back to their jobs under the
protection of a court order.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 10.-(UP).
—Four more CIO lumber mills in
Oregon were closed by AFL pickets
today in the three-weeks old five
state AFL lumber and sawmill
workers strike. Picket lines were
withdrawn from five Olympia, Wash,
plants, enabling 900 workers to re
port back to their jobs under the
protection of a court order.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 10.-(UP).
—Four more CIO lumber mills in
Oregon were closed by AFL pickets
today in the three-weeks old five
state AFL lumber and sawmill
workers strike. Picket lines were
withdrawn from five Olympia, Wash,
plants, enabling 900 workers to re
port back to their jobs under the
protection of a court order.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 10.-(UP).
—Four more CIO lumber mills in
Oregon were closed by AFL pickets
today in the three-weeks old five
state AFL lumber and sawmill
workers strike. Picket lines were
withdrawn from five Olympia, Wash,
plants, enabling 900 workers to re
port back to their jobs under the
protection of a court order.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 10.-(UP).
—Four more CIO lumber mills in
Oregon were closed by AFL pickets
today in the three-weeks old five
state AFL lumber and sawmill
workers strike. Picket lines were
withdrawn from five Olympia, Wash,
plants, enabling 900 workers to re
port back to their jobs under the
protection of a court order.
