# Russell House Plans Navy Fireside Tonight
## 
### 
Navy blue will he worn at Rus
sell House this evening, as 50
Navy men from the Stanford unit
arc entertained hy Russell House
women from 8:30 to 12.
"We have popular records and
some surprise entertainment," re
ports Margaret Mcadowcraft, so
cial chairman of Russell House.
The Navy fireside will entertain
men who cannot leave the campus
Friday evenings.
Navy blue will he worn at Rus
sell House this evening, as 50
Navy men from the Stanford unit
arc entertained hy Russell House
women from 8:30 to 12.
"We have popular records and
some surprise entertainment," re
ports Margaret Mcadowcraft, so
cial chairman of Russell House.
The Navy fireside will entertain
men who cannot leave the campus
Friday evenings.
Navy blue will he worn at Rus
sell House this evening, as 50
Navy men from the Stanford unit
arc entertained hy Russell House
women from 8:30 to 12.
"We have popular records and
some surprise entertainment," re
ports Margaret Mcadowcraft, so
cial chairman of Russell House.
The Navy fireside will entertain
men who cannot leave the campus
Friday evenings.
Navy blue will he worn at Rus
sell House this evening, as 50
Navy men from the Stanford unit
arc entertained hy Russell House
women from 8:30 to 12.
"We have popular records and
some surprise entertainment," re
ports Margaret Mcadowcraft, so
cial chairman of Russell House.
The Navy fireside will entertain
men who cannot leave the campus
Friday evenings.
Navy blue will he worn at Rus
sell House this evening, as 50
Navy men from the Stanford unit
arc entertained hy Russell House
women from 8:30 to 12.
"We have popular records and
some surprise entertainment," re
ports Margaret Mcadowcraft, so
cial chairman of Russell House.
The Navy fireside will entertain
men who cannot leave the campus
Friday evenings.
Navy blue will he worn at Rus
sell House this evening, as 50
Navy men from the Stanford unit
arc entertained hy Russell House
women from 8:30 to 12.
"We have popular records and
some surprise entertainment," re
ports Margaret Mcadowcraft, so
cial chairman of Russell House.
The Navy fireside will entertain
men who cannot leave the campus
Friday evenings.
Navy blue will he worn at Rus
sell House this evening, as 50
Navy men from the Stanford unit
arc entertained hy Russell House
women from 8:30 to 12.
"We have popular records and
some surprise entertainment," re
ports Margaret Mcadowcraft, so
cial chairman of Russell House.
The Navy fireside will entertain
men who cannot leave the campus
Friday evenings.
Navy blue will he worn at Rus
sell House this evening, as 50
Navy men from the Stanford unit
arc entertained hy Russell House
women from 8:30 to 12.
"We have popular records and
some surprise entertainment," re
ports Margaret Mcadowcraft, so
cial chairman of Russell House.
The Navy fireside will entertain
men who cannot leave the campus
Friday evenings.
Navy blue will he worn at Rus
sell House this evening, as 50
Navy men from the Stanford unit
arc entertained hy Russell House
women from 8:30 to 12.
"We have popular records and
some surprise entertainment," re
ports Margaret Mcadowcraft, so
cial chairman of Russell House.
The Navy fireside will entertain
men who cannot leave the campus
Friday evenings.
Navy blue will he worn at Rus
sell House this evening, as 50
Navy men from the Stanford unit
arc entertained hy Russell House
women from 8:30 to 12.
"We have popular records and
some surprise entertainment," re
ports Margaret Mcadowcraft, so
cial chairman of Russell House.
The Navy fireside will entertain
men who cannot leave the campus
Friday evenings.
Navy blue will he worn at Rus
sell House this evening, as 50
Navy men from the Stanford unit
arc entertained hy Russell House
women from 8:30 to 12.
"We have popular records and
some surprise entertainment," re
ports Margaret Mcadowcraft, so
cial chairman of Russell House.
The Navy fireside will entertain
men who cannot leave the campus
Friday evenings.
Navy blue will he worn at Rus
sell House this evening, as 50
Navy men from the Stanford unit
arc entertained hy Russell House
women from 8:30 to 12.
"We have popular records and
some surprise entertainment," re
ports Margaret Mcadowcraft, so
cial chairman of Russell House.
The Navy fireside will entertain
men who cannot leave the campus
Friday evenings.
Navy blue will he worn at Rus
sell House this evening, as 50
Navy men from the Stanford unit
arc entertained hy Russell House
women from 8:30 to 12.
"We have popular records and
some surprise entertainment," re
ports Margaret Mcadowcraft, so
cial chairman of Russell House.
The Navy fireside will entertain
men who cannot leave the campus
Friday evenings.
Navy blue will he worn at Rus
sell House this evening, as 50
Navy men from the Stanford unit
arc entertained hy Russell House
women from 8:30 to 12.
"We have popular records and
some surprise entertainment," re
ports Margaret Mcadowcraft, so
cial chairman of Russell House.
The Navy fireside will entertain
men who cannot leave the campus
Friday evenings.
Navy blue will he worn at Rus
sell House this evening, as 50
Navy men from the Stanford unit
arc entertained hy Russell House
women from 8:30 to 12.
"We have popular records and
some surprise entertainment," re
ports Margaret Mcadowcraft, so
cial chairman of Russell House.
The Navy fireside will entertain
men who cannot leave the campus
Friday evenings.
Navy blue will he worn at Rus
sell House this evening, as 50
Navy men from the Stanford unit
arc entertained hy Russell House
women from 8:30 to 12.
"We have popular records and
some surprise entertainment," re
ports Margaret Mcadowcraft, so
cial chairman of Russell House.
The Navy fireside will entertain
men who cannot leave the campus
Friday evenings.
