# TO TRY PRINCETON PLAN
## LATIN DEPARTMENT WILL ADOPT NEW SYSTEM. Tutors Will Be Given Charge of Small Freshman Sections as an Experiment. 
### 
The Latin department plans to give
the Preceptorial system, made famous
at Princeton University, a trial here
this semester. Two hours of the reg
ular three-hour Freshman courses will
be spent in the recitation rooms as
at present, but during the third hour
of the course the classes are to be
broken up into small sections of four
or five students each, each section
with an instructor.
This system of instruction is in
vogue at Cambridge and Oxford Uni
versities in England, and has been
found to bring the students into clos
ei touch with the instructors as well
as affording the preceptor a greater
chance for personal work.
The professors and instructors of
the Latin department will take charge
of the small sections for the present,
and no special instructors will be en
gaged until the system has been defi
nitely adopted.
The Latin department plans to give
the Preceptorial system, made famous
at Princeton University, a trial here
this semester. Two hours of the reg
ular three-hour Freshman courses will
be spent in the recitation rooms as
at present, but during the third hour
of the course the classes are to be
broken up into small sections of four
or five students each, each section
with an instructor.
This system of instruction is in
vogue at Cambridge and Oxford Uni
versities in England, and has been
found to bring the students into clos
ei touch with the instructors as well
as affording the preceptor a greater
chance for personal work.
The professors and instructors of
the Latin department will take charge
of the small sections for the present,
and no special instructors will be en
gaged until the system has been defi
nitely adopted.
The Latin department plans to give
the Preceptorial system, made famous
at Princeton University, a trial here
this semester. Two hours of the reg
ular three-hour Freshman courses will
be spent in the recitation rooms as
at present, but during the third hour
of the course the classes are to be
broken up into small sections of four
or five students each, each section
with an instructor.
This system of instruction is in
vogue at Cambridge and Oxford Uni
versities in England, and has been
found to bring the students into clos
ei touch with the instructors as well
as affording the preceptor a greater
chance for personal work.
The professors and instructors of
the Latin department will take charge
of the small sections for the present,
and no special instructors will be en
gaged until the system has been defi
nitely adopted.
The Latin department plans to give
the Preceptorial system, made famous
at Princeton University, a trial here
this semester. Two hours of the reg
ular three-hour Freshman courses will
be spent in the recitation rooms as
at present, but during the third hour
of the course the classes are to be
broken up into small sections of four
or five students each, each section
with an instructor.
This system of instruction is in
vogue at Cambridge and Oxford Uni
versities in England, and has been
found to bring the students into clos
ei touch with the instructors as well
as affording the preceptor a greater
chance for personal work.
The professors and instructors of
the Latin department will take charge
of the small sections for the present,
and no special instructors will be en
gaged until the system has been defi
nitely adopted.
The Latin department plans to give
the Preceptorial system, made famous
at Princeton University, a trial here
this semester. Two hours of the reg
ular three-hour Freshman courses will
be spent in the recitation rooms as
at present, but during the third hour
of the course the classes are to be
broken up into small sections of four
or five students each, each section
with an instructor.
This system of instruction is in
vogue at Cambridge and Oxford Uni
versities in England, and has been
found to bring the students into clos
ei touch with the instructors as well
as affording the preceptor a greater
chance for personal work.
The professors and instructors of
the Latin department will take charge
of the small sections for the present,
and no special instructors will be en
gaged until the system has been defi
nitely adopted.
The Latin department plans to give
the Preceptorial system, made famous
at Princeton University, a trial here
this semester. Two hours of the reg
ular three-hour Freshman courses will
be spent in the recitation rooms as
at present, but during the third hour
of the course the classes are to be
broken up into small sections of four
or five students each, each section
with an instructor.
This system of instruction is in
vogue at Cambridge and Oxford Uni
versities in England, and has been
found to bring the students into clos
ei touch with the instructors as well
as affording the preceptor a greater
chance for personal work.
The professors and instructors of
the Latin department will take charge
of the small sections for the present,
and no special instructors will be en
gaged until the system has been defi
nitely adopted.
The Latin department plans to give
the Preceptorial system, made famous
at Princeton University, a trial here
this semester. Two hours of the reg
ular three-hour Freshman courses will
be spent in the recitation rooms as
at present, but during the third hour
of the course the classes are to be
broken up into small sections of four
or five students each, each section
with an instructor.
This system of instruction is in
vogue at Cambridge and Oxford Uni
versities in England, and has been
found to bring the students into clos
ei touch with the instructors as well
as affording the preceptor a greater
chance for personal work.
The professors and instructors of
the Latin department will take charge
of the small sections for the present,
and no special instructors will be en
gaged until the system has been defi
nitely adopted.
The Latin department plans to give
the Preceptorial system, made famous
at Princeton University, a trial here
this semester. Two hours of the reg
ular three-hour Freshman courses will
be spent in the recitation rooms as
at present, but during the third hour
of the course the classes are to be
broken up into small sections of four
or five students each, each section
with an instructor.
This system of instruction is in
vogue at Cambridge and Oxford Uni
versities in England, and has been
found to bring the students into clos
ei touch with the instructors as well
as affording the preceptor a greater
chance for personal work.
The professors and instructors of
the Latin department will take charge
of the small sections for the present,
and no special instructors will be en
gaged until the system has been defi
nitely adopted.
The Latin department plans to give
the Preceptorial system, made famous
at Princeton University, a trial here
this semester. Two hours of the reg
ular three-hour Freshman courses will
be spent in the recitation rooms as
at present, but during the third hour
of the course the classes are to be
broken up into small sections of four
or five students each, each section
with an instructor.
This system of instruction is in
vogue at Cambridge and Oxford Uni
versities in England, and has been
found to bring the students into clos
ei touch with the instructors as well
as affording the preceptor a greater
chance for personal work.
The professors and instructors of
the Latin department will take charge
of the small sections for the present,
and no special instructors will be en
gaged until the system has been defi
nitely adopted.
