# INJURED FOOTBALL MEN RAPIDLY RECOVERING
## 
### 
Injured legs, shoulders, noses,
"charleyhorses," and the various other
ills to which football men are heir,
are becoming less numerous amon?
the members of the squad in the S. A.
E. house. F. C. Brown '11, no longer
carries his arm in a sling, and it has
become almost a certainity that he
will guard the last defensive post on
November 11. Reports are that K. L.
Dole '11, the great Cardinal forward,
is progressing as well as could be ex
pected. Partridge and Harrigan, the
men who were removed from the game
yesterday afternoon because of slight
disabilities, are both in excellent
shape today. Partridge was at first
believed to have torn a cartilage i-i
his nose, but the injury has turned
out to be less serious. The other rug
by men in the big white house on
Salvatierra street all report them
selves today as in fine fettle.
