# CHINAMAN INTERFERES WITH POWER OF PRESS.
## Inspired by Deeds of Countrymen He Stops a Bicycle Bringing News. 
### 
Speed at any cost—the slogan of
every up-to-date newspaper—was ex
emplified last evening by the Daily
Palo Alto when rushing news over to
the office from the game with the
British Columbians. Because of the
fact that the Daily's high power wire
less outfit was not in commission for
the day, it was necessary to bring the
copy from the field by bicycle. A
member of the staff, mounting his
trusty wheel —which, by the way, was
borrowed —started for the office at a
tremendous rate. Celestial interfer
ence, however, lay in wait for him.
When half-way between the field and
the office he collided with a China
man. The bicycle—borrowed—was
smashed, the unfortunate Chinaman
thought he was in the center of
the revolution in his native land.
Without waiting to examine the ex
tent of the injuries the staff member
hurried on with the copy, leaving the
wheel and the Chinaman to their fate.
The copy was delivered and the slogan
was lived up to.
Speed at any cost—the slogan of
every up-to-date newspaper—was ex
emplified last evening by the Daily
Palo Alto when rushing news over to
the office from the game with the
British Columbians. Because of the
fact that the Daily's high power wire
less outfit was not in commission for
the day, it was necessary to bring the
copy from the field by bicycle. A
member of the staff, mounting his
trusty wheel —which, by the way, was
borrowed —started for the office at a
tremendous rate. Celestial interfer
ence, however, lay in wait for him.
When half-way between the field and
the office he collided with a China
man. The bicycle—borrowed—was
smashed, the unfortunate Chinaman
thought he was in the center of
the revolution in his native land.
Without waiting to examine the ex
tent of the injuries the staff member
hurried on with the copy, leaving the
wheel and the Chinaman to their fate.
The copy was delivered and the slogan
was lived up to.
Speed at any cost—the slogan of
every up-to-date newspaper—was ex
emplified last evening by the Daily
Palo Alto when rushing news over to
the office from the game with the
British Columbians. Because of the
fact that the Daily's high power wire
less outfit was not in commission for
the day, it was necessary to bring the
copy from the field by bicycle. A
member of the staff, mounting his
trusty wheel —which, by the way, was
borrowed —started for the office at a
tremendous rate. Celestial interfer
ence, however, lay in wait for him.
When half-way between the field and
the office he collided with a China
man. The bicycle—borrowed—was
smashed, the unfortunate Chinaman
thought he was in the center of
the revolution in his native land.
Without waiting to examine the ex
tent of the injuries the staff member
hurried on with the copy, leaving the
wheel and the Chinaman to their fate.
The copy was delivered and the slogan
was lived up to.
Speed at any cost—the slogan of
every up-to-date newspaper—was ex
emplified last evening by the Daily
Palo Alto when rushing news over to
the office from the game with the
British Columbians. Because of the
fact that the Daily's high power wire
less outfit was not in commission for
the day, it was necessary to bring the
copy from the field by bicycle. A
member of the staff, mounting his
trusty wheel —which, by the way, was
borrowed —started for the office at a
tremendous rate. Celestial interfer
ence, however, lay in wait for him.
When half-way between the field and
the office he collided with a China
man. The bicycle—borrowed—was
smashed, the unfortunate Chinaman
thought he was in the center of
the revolution in his native land.
Without waiting to examine the ex
tent of the injuries the staff member
hurried on with the copy, leaving the
wheel and the Chinaman to their fate.
The copy was delivered and the slogan
was lived up to.
Speed at any cost—the slogan of
every up-to-date newspaper—was ex
emplified last evening by the Daily
Palo Alto when rushing news over to
the office from the game with the
British Columbians. Because of the
fact that the Daily's high power wire
less outfit was not in commission for
the day, it was necessary to bring the
copy from the field by bicycle. A
member of the staff, mounting his
trusty wheel —which, by the way, was
borrowed —started for the office at a
tremendous rate. Celestial interfer
ence, however, lay in wait for him.
When half-way between the field and
the office he collided with a China
man. The bicycle—borrowed—was
smashed, the unfortunate Chinaman
thought he was in the center of
the revolution in his native land.
Without waiting to examine the ex
tent of the injuries the staff member
hurried on with the copy, leaving the
wheel and the Chinaman to their fate.
The copy was delivered and the slogan
was lived up to.
Speed at any cost—the slogan of
every up-to-date newspaper—was ex
emplified last evening by the Daily
Palo Alto when rushing news over to
the office from the game with the
British Columbians. Because of the
fact that the Daily's high power wire
less outfit was not in commission for
the day, it was necessary to bring the
copy from the field by bicycle. A
member of the staff, mounting his
trusty wheel —which, by the way, was
borrowed —started for the office at a
tremendous rate. Celestial interfer
ence, however, lay in wait for him.
When half-way between the field and
the office he collided with a China
man. The bicycle—borrowed—was
smashed, the unfortunate Chinaman
thought he was in the center of
the revolution in his native land.
Without waiting to examine the ex
tent of the injuries the staff member
hurried on with the copy, leaving the
wheel and the Chinaman to their fate.
The copy was delivered and the slogan
was lived up to.
Speed at any cost—the slogan of
every up-to-date newspaper—was ex
emplified last evening by the Daily
Palo Alto when rushing news over to
the office from the game with the
British Columbians. Because of the
fact that the Daily's high power wire
less outfit was not in commission for
the day, it was necessary to bring the
copy from the field by bicycle. A
member of the staff, mounting his
trusty wheel —which, by the way, was
borrowed —started for the office at a
tremendous rate. Celestial interfer
ence, however, lay in wait for him.
When half-way between the field and
the office he collided with a China
man. The bicycle—borrowed—was
smashed, the unfortunate Chinaman
thought he was in the center of
the revolution in his native land.
Without waiting to examine the ex
tent of the injuries the staff member
hurried on with the copy, leaving the
wheel and the Chinaman to their fate.
The copy was delivered and the slogan
was lived up to.
Speed at any cost—the slogan of
every up-to-date newspaper—was ex
emplified last evening by the Daily
Palo Alto when rushing news over to
the office from the game with the
British Columbians. Because of the
fact that the Daily's high power wire
less outfit was not in commission for
the day, it was necessary to bring the
copy from the field by bicycle. A
member of the staff, mounting his
trusty wheel —which, by the way, was
borrowed —started for the office at a
tremendous rate. Celestial interfer
ence, however, lay in wait for him.
When half-way between the field and
the office he collided with a China
man. The bicycle—borrowed—was
smashed, the unfortunate Chinaman
thought he was in the center of
the revolution in his native land.
Without waiting to examine the ex
tent of the injuries the staff member
hurried on with the copy, leaving the
wheel and the Chinaman to their fate.
The copy was delivered and the slogan
was lived up to.
Speed at any cost—the slogan of
every up-to-date newspaper—was ex
emplified last evening by the Daily
Palo Alto when rushing news over to
the office from the game with the
British Columbians. Because of the
fact that the Daily's high power wire
less outfit was not in commission for
the day, it was necessary to bring the
copy from the field by bicycle. A
member of the staff, mounting his
trusty wheel —which, by the way, was
borrowed —started for the office at a
tremendous rate. Celestial interfer
ence, however, lay in wait for him.
When half-way between the field and
the office he collided with a China
man. The bicycle—borrowed—was
smashed, the unfortunate Chinaman
thought he was in the center of
the revolution in his native land.
Without waiting to examine the ex
tent of the injuries the staff member
hurried on with the copy, leaving the
wheel and the Chinaman to their fate.
The copy was delivered and the slogan
was lived up to.
Speed at any cost—the slogan of
every up-to-date newspaper—was ex
emplified last evening by the Daily
Palo Alto when rushing news over to
the office from the game with the
British Columbians. Because of the
fact that the Daily's high power wire
less outfit was not in commission for
the day, it was necessary to bring the
copy from the field by bicycle. A
member of the staff, mounting his
trusty wheel —which, by the way, was
borrowed —started for the office at a
tremendous rate. Celestial interfer
ence, however, lay in wait for him.
When half-way between the field and
the office he collided with a China
man. The bicycle—borrowed—was
smashed, the unfortunate Chinaman
thought he was in the center of
the revolution in his native land.
Without waiting to examine the ex
tent of the injuries the staff member
hurried on with the copy, leaving the
wheel and the Chinaman to their fate.
The copy was delivered and the slogan
was lived up to.
Speed at any cost—the slogan of
every up-to-date newspaper—was ex
emplified last evening by the Daily
Palo Alto when rushing news over to
the office from the game with the
British Columbians. Because of the
fact that the Daily's high power wire
less outfit was not in commission for
the day, it was necessary to bring the
copy from the field by bicycle. A
member of the staff, mounting his
trusty wheel —which, by the way, was
borrowed —started for the office at a
tremendous rate. Celestial interfer
ence, however, lay in wait for him.
When half-way between the field and
the office he collided with a China
man. The bicycle—borrowed—was
smashed, the unfortunate Chinaman
thought he was in the center of
the revolution in his native land.
Without waiting to examine the ex
tent of the injuries the staff member
hurried on with the copy, leaving the
wheel and the Chinaman to their fate.
The copy was delivered and the slogan
was lived up to.
Speed at any cost—the slogan of
every up-to-date newspaper—was ex
emplified last evening by the Daily
Palo Alto when rushing news over to
the office from the game with the
British Columbians. Because of the
fact that the Daily's high power wire
less outfit was not in commission for
the day, it was necessary to bring the
copy from the field by bicycle. A
member of the staff, mounting his
trusty wheel —which, by the way, was
borrowed —started for the office at a
tremendous rate. Celestial interfer
ence, however, lay in wait for him.
When half-way between the field and
the office he collided with a China
man. The bicycle—borrowed—was
smashed, the unfortunate Chinaman
thought he was in the center of
the revolution in his native land.
Without waiting to examine the ex
tent of the injuries the staff member
hurried on with the copy, leaving the
wheel and the Chinaman to their fate.
The copy was delivered and the slogan
was lived up to.
