# Polytechnic Alumni to Play Rugby.
## 
### 
Plans for a rugby game at Los An
geles. during the holidays, with the
Polytechnic High School team, were
formed by the men alumni of that
school at a meeting Wednesday night.
There are several Polytechnic gradu
ates in the Varsity squad, and the
alumni expect to take a strong team
southward.
Plans for a rugby game at Los An
geles. during the holidays, with the
Polytechnic High School team, were
formed by the men alumni of that
school at a meeting Wednesday night.
There are several Polytechnic gradu
ates in the Varsity squad, and the
alumni expect to take a strong team
southward.
Plans for a rugby game at Los An
geles. during the holidays, with the
Polytechnic High School team, were
formed by the men alumni of that
school at a meeting Wednesday night.
There are several Polytechnic gradu
ates in the Varsity squad, and the
alumni expect to take a strong team
southward.
Plans for a rugby game at Los An
geles. during the holidays, with the
Polytechnic High School team, were
formed by the men alumni of that
school at a meeting Wednesday night.
There are several Polytechnic gradu
ates in the Varsity squad, and the
alumni expect to take a strong team
southward.
Plans for a rugby game at Los An
geles. during the holidays, with the
Polytechnic High School team, were
formed by the men alumni of that
school at a meeting Wednesday night.
There are several Polytechnic gradu
ates in the Varsity squad, and the
alumni expect to take a strong team
southward.
Plans for a rugby game at Los An
geles. during the holidays, with the
Polytechnic High School team, were
formed by the men alumni of that
school at a meeting Wednesday night.
There are several Polytechnic gradu
ates in the Varsity squad, and the
alumni expect to take a strong team
southward.
Plans for a rugby game at Los An
geles. during the holidays, with the
Polytechnic High School team, were
formed by the men alumni of that
school at a meeting Wednesday night.
There are several Polytechnic gradu
ates in the Varsity squad, and the
alumni expect to take a strong team
southward.
Plans for a rugby game at Los An
geles. during the holidays, with the
Polytechnic High School team, were
formed by the men alumni of that
school at a meeting Wednesday night.
There are several Polytechnic gradu
ates in the Varsity squad, and the
alumni expect to take a strong team
southward.
Plans for a rugby game at Los An
geles. during the holidays, with the
Polytechnic High School team, were
formed by the men alumni of that
school at a meeting Wednesday night.
There are several Polytechnic gradu
ates in the Varsity squad, and the
alumni expect to take a strong team
southward.
Plans for a rugby game at Los An
geles. during the holidays, with the
Polytechnic High School team, were
formed by the men alumni of that
school at a meeting Wednesday night.
There are several Polytechnic gradu
ates in the Varsity squad, and the
alumni expect to take a strong team
southward.
Plans for a rugby game at Los An
geles. during the holidays, with the
Polytechnic High School team, were
formed by the men alumni of that
school at a meeting Wednesday night.
There are several Polytechnic gradu
ates in the Varsity squad, and the
alumni expect to take a strong team
southward.
Plans for a rugby game at Los An
geles. during the holidays, with the
Polytechnic High School team, were
formed by the men alumni of that
school at a meeting Wednesday night.
There are several Polytechnic gradu
ates in the Varsity squad, and the
alumni expect to take a strong team
southward.
