# Graders Needed
## 
### 
Paper graders are needed to
work from two to five hours a
week correcting Philosophy I
(Logic) tests. Those interested
should see Prof. Patrick Suppes
in the Philosophy Department.
Paper graders are needed to
work from two to five hours a
week correcting Philosophy I
(Logic) tests. Those interested
should see Prof. Patrick Suppes
in the Philosophy Department.
Paper graders are needed to
work from two to five hours a
week correcting Philosophy I
(Logic) tests. Those interested
should see Prof. Patrick Suppes
in the Philosophy Department.
Paper graders are needed to
work from two to five hours a
week correcting Philosophy I
(Logic) tests. Those interested
should see Prof. Patrick Suppes
in the Philosophy Department.
Paper graders are needed to
work from two to five hours a
week correcting Philosophy I
(Logic) tests. Those interested
should see Prof. Patrick Suppes
in the Philosophy Department.
Paper graders are needed to
work from two to five hours a
week correcting Philosophy I
(Logic) tests. Those interested
should see Prof. Patrick Suppes
in the Philosophy Department.
Paper graders are needed to
work from two to five hours a
week correcting Philosophy I
(Logic) tests. Those interested
should see Prof. Patrick Suppes
in the Philosophy Department.
Paper graders are needed to
work from two to five hours a
week correcting Philosophy I
(Logic) tests. Those interested
should see Prof. Patrick Suppes
in the Philosophy Department.
Paper graders are needed to
work from two to five hours a
week correcting Philosophy I
(Logic) tests. Those interested
should see Prof. Patrick Suppes
in the Philosophy Department.
Paper graders are needed to
work from two to five hours a
week correcting Philosophy I
(Logic) tests. Those interested
should see Prof. Patrick Suppes
in the Philosophy Department.
Paper graders are needed to
work from two to five hours a
week correcting Philosophy I
(Logic) tests. Those interested
should see Prof. Patrick Suppes
in the Philosophy Department.
Paper graders are needed to
work from two to five hours a
week correcting Philosophy I
(Logic) tests. Those interested
should see Prof. Patrick Suppes
in the Philosophy Department.
Paper graders are needed to
work from two to five hours a
week correcting Philosophy I
(Logic) tests. Those interested
should see Prof. Patrick Suppes
in the Philosophy Department.
Paper graders are needed to
work from two to five hours a
week correcting Philosophy I
(Logic) tests. Those interested
should see Prof. Patrick Suppes
in the Philosophy Department.
Paper graders are needed to
work from two to five hours a
week correcting Philosophy I
(Logic) tests. Those interested
should see Prof. Patrick Suppes
in the Philosophy Department.
Paper graders are needed to
work from two to five hours a
week correcting Philosophy I
(Logic) tests. Those interested
should see Prof. Patrick Suppes
in the Philosophy Department.
Paper graders are needed to
work from two to five hours a
week correcting Philosophy I
(Logic) tests. Those interested
should see Prof. Patrick Suppes
in the Philosophy Department.
