# Tryouts
## 
### 
Chappie: Meet at 4 p.m. at the
Chappie shack. Female darkroom
assistants urgently needed. Pho
tographic training will be pro
vided.
Pub Rel. Com: Freshman try
outs for Public Relations Com
mittee have been extended
through today. Information is
posted on the ASSU Bulletin
Board.
St ii • Fae Com: Try outs for
members of the ASSU Student-
Faculty Commission will be held
today from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Interested
students, graduate and under
graduate, may sign up in the
ASSU office.
Chappie: Meet at 4 p.m. at the
Chappie shack. Female darkroom
assistants urgently needed. Pho
tographic training will be pro
vided.
Pub Rel. Com: Freshman try
outs for Public Relations Com
mittee have been extended
through today. Information is
posted on the ASSU Bulletin
Board.
St ii • Fae Com: Try outs for
members of the ASSU Student-
Faculty Commission will be held
today from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Interested
students, graduate and under
graduate, may sign up in the
ASSU office.
Chappie: Meet at 4 p.m. at the
Chappie shack. Female darkroom
assistants urgently needed. Pho
tographic training will be pro
vided.
Pub Rel. Com: Freshman try
outs for Public Relations Com
mittee have been extended
through today. Information is
posted on the ASSU Bulletin
Board.
St ii • Fae Com: Try outs for
members of the ASSU Student-
Faculty Commission will be held
today from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Interested
students, graduate and under
graduate, may sign up in the
ASSU office.
Chappie: Meet at 4 p.m. at the
Chappie shack. Female darkroom
assistants urgently needed. Pho
tographic training will be pro
vided.
Pub Rel. Com: Freshman try
outs for Public Relations Com
mittee have been extended
through today. Information is
posted on the ASSU Bulletin
Board.
St ii • Fae Com: Try outs for
members of the ASSU Student-
Faculty Commission will be held
today from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Interested
students, graduate and under
graduate, may sign up in the
ASSU office.
Chappie: Meet at 4 p.m. at the
Chappie shack. Female darkroom
assistants urgently needed. Pho
tographic training will be pro
vided.
Pub Rel. Com: Freshman try
outs for Public Relations Com
mittee have been extended
through today. Information is
posted on the ASSU Bulletin
Board.
St ii • Fae Com: Try outs for
members of the ASSU Student-
Faculty Commission will be held
today from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Interested
students, graduate and under
graduate, may sign up in the
ASSU office.
Chappie: Meet at 4 p.m. at the
Chappie shack. Female darkroom
assistants urgently needed. Pho
tographic training will be pro
vided.
Pub Rel. Com: Freshman try
outs for Public Relations Com
mittee have been extended
through today. Information is
posted on the ASSU Bulletin
Board.
St ii • Fae Com: Try outs for
members of the ASSU Student-
Faculty Commission will be held
today from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Interested
students, graduate and under
graduate, may sign up in the
ASSU office.
Chappie: Meet at 4 p.m. at the
Chappie shack. Female darkroom
assistants urgently needed. Pho
tographic training will be pro
vided.
Pub Rel. Com: Freshman try
outs for Public Relations Com
mittee have been extended
through today. Information is
posted on the ASSU Bulletin
Board.
St ii • Fae Com: Try outs for
members of the ASSU Student-
Faculty Commission will be held
today from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Interested
students, graduate and under
graduate, may sign up in the
ASSU office.
Chappie: Meet at 4 p.m. at the
Chappie shack. Female darkroom
assistants urgently needed. Pho
tographic training will be pro
vided.
Pub Rel. Com: Freshman try
outs for Public Relations Com
mittee have been extended
through today. Information is
posted on the ASSU Bulletin
Board.
St ii • Fae Com: Try outs for
members of the ASSU Student-
Faculty Commission will be held
today from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Interested
students, graduate and under
graduate, may sign up in the
ASSU office.
Chappie: Meet at 4 p.m. at the
Chappie shack. Female darkroom
assistants urgently needed. Pho
tographic training will be pro
vided.
Pub Rel. Com: Freshman try
outs for Public Relations Com
mittee have been extended
through today. Information is
posted on the ASSU Bulletin
Board.
St ii • Fae Com: Try outs for
members of the ASSU Student-
Faculty Commission will be held
today from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Interested
students, graduate and under
graduate, may sign up in the
ASSU office.
Chappie: Meet at 4 p.m. at the
Chappie shack. Female darkroom
assistants urgently needed. Pho
tographic training will be pro
vided.
Pub Rel. Com: Freshman try
outs for Public Relations Com
mittee have been extended
through today. Information is
posted on the ASSU Bulletin
Board.
St ii • Fae Com: Try outs for
members of the ASSU Student-
Faculty Commission will be held
today from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Interested
students, graduate and under
graduate, may sign up in the
ASSU office.
Chappie: Meet at 4 p.m. at the
Chappie shack. Female darkroom
assistants urgently needed. Pho
tographic training will be pro
vided.
Pub Rel. Com: Freshman try
outs for Public Relations Com
mittee have been extended
through today. Information is
posted on the ASSU Bulletin
Board.
St ii • Fae Com: Try outs for
members of the ASSU Student-
Faculty Commission will be held
today from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Interested
students, graduate and under
graduate, may sign up in the
ASSU office.
Chappie: Meet at 4 p.m. at the
Chappie shack. Female darkroom
assistants urgently needed. Pho
tographic training will be pro
vided.
Pub Rel. Com: Freshman try
outs for Public Relations Com
mittee have been extended
through today. Information is
posted on the ASSU Bulletin
Board.
St ii • Fae Com: Try outs for
members of the ASSU Student-
Faculty Commission will be held
today from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Interested
students, graduate and under
graduate, may sign up in the
ASSU office.
Chappie: Meet at 4 p.m. at the
Chappie shack. Female darkroom
assistants urgently needed. Pho
tographic training will be pro
vided.
Pub Rel. Com: Freshman try
outs for Public Relations Com
mittee have been extended
through today. Information is
posted on the ASSU Bulletin
Board.
St ii • Fae Com: Try outs for
members of the ASSU Student-
Faculty Commission will be held
today from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Interested
students, graduate and under
graduate, may sign up in the
ASSU office.
Chappie: Meet at 4 p.m. at the
Chappie shack. Female darkroom
assistants urgently needed. Pho
tographic training will be pro
vided.
Pub Rel. Com: Freshman try
outs for Public Relations Com
mittee have been extended
through today. Information is
posted on the ASSU Bulletin
Board.
St ii • Fae Com: Try outs for
members of the ASSU Student-
Faculty Commission will be held
today from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Interested
students, graduate and under
graduate, may sign up in the
ASSU office.
Chappie: Meet at 4 p.m. at the
Chappie shack. Female darkroom
assistants urgently needed. Pho
tographic training will be pro
vided.
Pub Rel. Com: Freshman try
outs for Public Relations Com
mittee have been extended
through today. Information is
posted on the ASSU Bulletin
Board.
St ii • Fae Com: Try outs for
members of the ASSU Student-
Faculty Commission will be held
today from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Interested
students, graduate and under
graduate, may sign up in the
ASSU office.
Chappie: Meet at 4 p.m. at the
Chappie shack. Female darkroom
assistants urgently needed. Pho
tographic training will be pro
vided.
Pub Rel. Com: Freshman try
outs for Public Relations Com
mittee have been extended
through today. Information is
posted on the ASSU Bulletin
Board.
St ii • Fae Com: Try outs for
members of the ASSU Student-
Faculty Commission will be held
today from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Interested
students, graduate and under
graduate, may sign up in the
ASSU office.
Chappie: Meet at 4 p.m. at the
Chappie shack. Female darkroom
assistants urgently needed. Pho
tographic training will be pro
vided.
Pub Rel. Com: Freshman try
outs for Public Relations Com
mittee have been extended
through today. Information is
posted on the ASSU Bulletin
Board.
St ii • Fae Com: Try outs for
members of the ASSU Student-
Faculty Commission will be held
today from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Interested
students, graduate and under
graduate, may sign up in the
ASSU office.
