# Farm Darkened By Tripped Cable
## 
### 
The electric power on the Stan
ford campus was cut off yester
day at 3:41 p.m. The failure last
ed for approximately 12 minutes.
The trouble was caused, accord
ing to the foreman of the Stan
ford electric shop, when the main
breaker that feeds the campus
was tripped. The foreman ex
plained that, in non-technical
terms, about the same thing hap
pened as if a fuse were to blow
out in a house.
The whole campus was affected
with the exceptions of the frater
nity houses and private dwell
ings.
The electric power on the Stan
ford campus was cut off yester
day at 3:41 p.m. The failure last
ed for approximately 12 minutes.
The trouble was caused, accord
ing to the foreman of the Stan
ford electric shop, when the main
breaker that feeds the campus
was tripped. The foreman ex
plained that, in non-technical
terms, about the same thing hap
pened as if a fuse were to blow
out in a house.
The whole campus was affected
with the exceptions of the frater
nity houses and private dwell
ings.
The electric power on the Stan
ford campus was cut off yester
day at 3:41 p.m. The failure last
ed for approximately 12 minutes.
The trouble was caused, accord
ing to the foreman of the Stan
ford electric shop, when the main
breaker that feeds the campus
was tripped. The foreman ex
plained that, in non-technical
terms, about the same thing hap
pened as if a fuse were to blow
out in a house.
The whole campus was affected
with the exceptions of the frater
nity houses and private dwell
ings.
The electric power on the Stan
ford campus was cut off yester
day at 3:41 p.m. The failure last
ed for approximately 12 minutes.
The trouble was caused, accord
ing to the foreman of the Stan
ford electric shop, when the main
breaker that feeds the campus
was tripped. The foreman ex
plained that, in non-technical
terms, about the same thing hap
pened as if a fuse were to blow
out in a house.
The whole campus was affected
with the exceptions of the frater
nity houses and private dwell
ings.
The electric power on the Stan
ford campus was cut off yester
day at 3:41 p.m. The failure last
ed for approximately 12 minutes.
The trouble was caused, accord
ing to the foreman of the Stan
ford electric shop, when the main
breaker that feeds the campus
was tripped. The foreman ex
plained that, in non-technical
terms, about the same thing hap
pened as if a fuse were to blow
out in a house.
The whole campus was affected
with the exceptions of the frater
nity houses and private dwell
ings.
The electric power on the Stan
ford campus was cut off yester
day at 3:41 p.m. The failure last
ed for approximately 12 minutes.
The trouble was caused, accord
ing to the foreman of the Stan
ford electric shop, when the main
breaker that feeds the campus
was tripped. The foreman ex
plained that, in non-technical
terms, about the same thing hap
pened as if a fuse were to blow
out in a house.
The whole campus was affected
with the exceptions of the frater
nity houses and private dwell
ings.
The electric power on the Stan
ford campus was cut off yester
day at 3:41 p.m. The failure last
ed for approximately 12 minutes.
The trouble was caused, accord
ing to the foreman of the Stan
ford electric shop, when the main
breaker that feeds the campus
was tripped. The foreman ex
plained that, in non-technical
terms, about the same thing hap
pened as if a fuse were to blow
out in a house.
The whole campus was affected
with the exceptions of the frater
nity houses and private dwell
ings.
The electric power on the Stan
ford campus was cut off yester
day at 3:41 p.m. The failure last
ed for approximately 12 minutes.
The trouble was caused, accord
ing to the foreman of the Stan
ford electric shop, when the main
breaker that feeds the campus
was tripped. The foreman ex
plained that, in non-technical
terms, about the same thing hap
pened as if a fuse were to blow
out in a house.
The whole campus was affected
with the exceptions of the frater
nity houses and private dwell
ings.
The electric power on the Stan
ford campus was cut off yester
day at 3:41 p.m. The failure last
ed for approximately 12 minutes.
The trouble was caused, accord
ing to the foreman of the Stan
ford electric shop, when the main
breaker that feeds the campus
was tripped. The foreman ex
plained that, in non-technical
terms, about the same thing hap
pened as if a fuse were to blow
out in a house.
The whole campus was affected
with the exceptions of the frater
nity houses and private dwell
ings.
The electric power on the Stan
ford campus was cut off yester
day at 3:41 p.m. The failure last
ed for approximately 12 minutes.
The trouble was caused, accord
ing to the foreman of the Stan
ford electric shop, when the main
breaker that feeds the campus
was tripped. The foreman ex
plained that, in non-technical
terms, about the same thing hap
pened as if a fuse were to blow
out in a house.
The whole campus was affected
with the exceptions of the frater
nity houses and private dwell
ings.
The electric power on the Stan
ford campus was cut off yester
day at 3:41 p.m. The failure last
ed for approximately 12 minutes.
The trouble was caused, accord
ing to the foreman of the Stan
ford electric shop, when the main
breaker that feeds the campus
was tripped. The foreman ex
plained that, in non-technical
terms, about the same thing hap
pened as if a fuse were to blow
out in a house.
The whole campus was affected
with the exceptions of the frater
nity houses and private dwell
ings.
The electric power on the Stan
ford campus was cut off yester
day at 3:41 p.m. The failure last
ed for approximately 12 minutes.
The trouble was caused, accord
ing to the foreman of the Stan
ford electric shop, when the main
breaker that feeds the campus
was tripped. The foreman ex
plained that, in non-technical
terms, about the same thing hap
pened as if a fuse were to blow
out in a house.
The whole campus was affected
with the exceptions of the frater
nity houses and private dwell
ings.
The electric power on the Stan
ford campus was cut off yester
day at 3:41 p.m. The failure last
ed for approximately 12 minutes.
The trouble was caused, accord
ing to the foreman of the Stan
ford electric shop, when the main
breaker that feeds the campus
was tripped. The foreman ex
plained that, in non-technical
terms, about the same thing hap
pened as if a fuse were to blow
out in a house.
The whole campus was affected
with the exceptions of the frater
nity houses and private dwell
ings.
The electric power on the Stan
ford campus was cut off yester
day at 3:41 p.m. The failure last
ed for approximately 12 minutes.
The trouble was caused, accord
ing to the foreman of the Stan
ford electric shop, when the main
breaker that feeds the campus
was tripped. The foreman ex
plained that, in non-technical
terms, about the same thing hap
pened as if a fuse were to blow
out in a house.
The whole campus was affected
with the exceptions of the frater
nity houses and private dwell
ings.
The electric power on the Stan
ford campus was cut off yester
day at 3:41 p.m. The failure last
ed for approximately 12 minutes.
The trouble was caused, accord
ing to the foreman of the Stan
ford electric shop, when the main
breaker that feeds the campus
was tripped. The foreman ex
plained that, in non-technical
terms, about the same thing hap
pened as if a fuse were to blow
out in a house.
The whole campus was affected
with the exceptions of the frater
nity houses and private dwell
ings.
The electric power on the Stan
ford campus was cut off yester
day at 3:41 p.m. The failure last
ed for approximately 12 minutes.
The trouble was caused, accord
ing to the foreman of the Stan
ford electric shop, when the main
breaker that feeds the campus
was tripped. The foreman ex
plained that, in non-technical
terms, about the same thing hap
pened as if a fuse were to blow
out in a house.
The whole campus was affected
with the exceptions of the frater
nity houses and private dwell
ings.
The electric power on the Stan
ford campus was cut off yester
day at 3:41 p.m. The failure last
ed for approximately 12 minutes.
The trouble was caused, accord
ing to the foreman of the Stan
ford electric shop, when the main
breaker that feeds the campus
was tripped. The foreman ex
plained that, in non-technical
terms, about the same thing hap
pened as if a fuse were to blow
out in a house.
The whole campus was affected
with the exceptions of the frater
nity houses and private dwell
ings.
