# Lightfoot
## 
### 
Chief Lightfoot meditates on th«
success of the Indians at everj
game.

Chief Lightfoot meditates on th«
success of the Indians at everj
game.

Chief Lightfoot meditates on th«
success of the Indians at everj
game.

Chief Lightfoot meditates on th«
success of the Indians at everj
game.

Chief Lightfoot meditates on th«
success of the Indians at everj
game.

Chief Lightfoot meditates on th«
success of the Indians at everj
game.

Chief Lightfoot meditates on th«
success of the Indians at everj
game.

Chief Lightfoot meditates on th«
success of the Indians at everj
game.

Chief Lightfoot meditates on th«
success of the Indians at everj
game.

Chief Lightfoot meditates on th«
success of the Indians at everj
game.

Chief Lightfoot meditates on th«
success of the Indians at everj
game.

Chief Lightfoot meditates on th«
success of the Indians at everj
game.

Chief Lightfoot meditates on th«
success of the Indians at everj
game.

Chief Lightfoot meditates on th«
success of the Indians at everj
game.

Chief Lightfoot meditates on th«
success of the Indians at everj
game.

