# Smokey Bear
## 
### 

In an ancient Indian Fire Ceremony,
the Great Blue Bear goes np in smoke
while the tribe invokes the Big Game
Spirit to grant them victory tomor
row.

In an ancient Indian Fire Ceremony,
the Great Blue Bear goes np in smoke
while the tribe invokes the Big Game
Spirit to grant them victory tomor
row.

In an ancient Indian Fire Ceremony,
the Great Blue Bear goes np in smoke
while the tribe invokes the Big Game
Spirit to grant them victory tomor
row.

In an ancient Indian Fire Ceremony,
the Great Blue Bear goes np in smoke
while the tribe invokes the Big Game
Spirit to grant them victory tomor
row.

In an ancient Indian Fire Ceremony,
the Great Blue Bear goes np in smoke
while the tribe invokes the Big Game
Spirit to grant them victory tomor
row.

In an ancient Indian Fire Ceremony,
the Great Blue Bear goes np in smoke
while the tribe invokes the Big Game
Spirit to grant them victory tomor
row.

In an ancient Indian Fire Ceremony,
the Great Blue Bear goes np in smoke
while the tribe invokes the Big Game
Spirit to grant them victory tomor
row.

In an ancient Indian Fire Ceremony,
the Great Blue Bear goes np in smoke
while the tribe invokes the Big Game
Spirit to grant them victory tomor
row.

In an ancient Indian Fire Ceremony,
the Great Blue Bear goes np in smoke
while the tribe invokes the Big Game
Spirit to grant them victory tomor
row.

In an ancient Indian Fire Ceremony,
the Great Blue Bear goes np in smoke
while the tribe invokes the Big Game
Spirit to grant them victory tomor
row.

In an ancient Indian Fire Ceremony,
the Great Blue Bear goes np in smoke
while the tribe invokes the Big Game
Spirit to grant them victory tomor
row.

In an ancient Indian Fire Ceremony,
the Great Blue Bear goes np in smoke
while the tribe invokes the Big Game
Spirit to grant them victory tomor
row.

In an ancient Indian Fire Ceremony,
the Great Blue Bear goes np in smoke
while the tribe invokes the Big Game
Spirit to grant them victory tomor
row.

In an ancient Indian Fire Ceremony,
the Great Blue Bear goes np in smoke
while the tribe invokes the Big Game
Spirit to grant them victory tomor
row.

In an ancient Indian Fire Ceremony,
the Great Blue Bear goes np in smoke
while the tribe invokes the Big Game
Spirit to grant them victory tomor
row.
