# an axe a day keeps the bear away
## 
### 
being a partial pictorial representation of the rivalry extant
between leland Stanford junior university and the university
of California at berkeley . . .





being a partial pictorial representation of the rivalry extant
between leland Stanford junior university and the university
of California at berkeley . . .





being a partial pictorial representation of the rivalry extant
between leland Stanford junior university and the university
of California at berkeley . . .





being a partial pictorial representation of the rivalry extant
between leland Stanford junior university and the university
of California at berkeley . . .





being a partial pictorial representation of the rivalry extant
between leland Stanford junior university and the university
of California at berkeley . . .





being a partial pictorial representation of the rivalry extant
between leland Stanford junior university and the university
of California at berkeley . . .





being a partial pictorial representation of the rivalry extant
between leland Stanford junior university and the university
of California at berkeley . . .





being a partial pictorial representation of the rivalry extant
between leland Stanford junior university and the university
of California at berkeley . . .





being a partial pictorial representation of the rivalry extant
between leland Stanford junior university and the university
of California at berkeley . . .





being a partial pictorial representation of the rivalry extant
between leland Stanford junior university and the university
of California at berkeley . . .





being a partial pictorial representation of the rivalry extant
between leland Stanford junior university and the university
of California at berkeley . . .





being a partial pictorial representation of the rivalry extant
between leland Stanford junior university and the university
of California at berkeley . . .





being a partial pictorial representation of the rivalry extant
between leland Stanford junior university and the university
of California at berkeley . . .





being a partial pictorial representation of the rivalry extant
between leland Stanford junior university and the university
of California at berkeley . . .





being a partial pictorial representation of the rivalry extant
between leland Stanford junior university and the university
of California at berkeley . . .





