# Wallace Stegner Named Saturday Review Editor
## 
### 
Dr. Wallace E. Stegner, Stan
ford professor of English and
director of the creative writing
program, has been named an
editor-at-large of the Saturday
Review.

Recently elected editor-in-chief
of The American West, a his
torical quarterly, Stegner has
been very active in local con
servation programs, as well as
serving as special adviser to
Interior Secretary Udall. He has
written a number of articles on
conservation, modern literature,
and contemporary American
life.
Dr. Stegner has been a pro
fessor at Stanford since 1945,
and his teaching career dates
back to 1933. Among his various
works and publications are: Re
membering laughter, Fire and
Ice, The Preacher and the
Slave, and The City of the Liv
ing. He has also been a contrib
utor for Harper's, Atlantic
Monthly, Saturday Review of
Literature, and other magazines.
