# Once Around the Quad
## Official Notices QUAD PHOTOGRAPHS 
### 
Humanities and Sciences seniors
whose last names begin with the
letters Q through T will be photo
graphed today for the 1951 Quad.
Humanities and Sciences seniors
whose last names begin with the
letters Q through T will be photo
graphed today for the 1951 Quad.
Humanities and Sciences seniors
whose last names begin with the
letters Q through T will be photo
graphed today for the 1951 Quad.
Humanities and Sciences seniors
whose last names begin with the
letters Q through T will be photo
graphed today for the 1951 Quad.
Humanities and Sciences seniors
whose last names begin with the
letters Q through T will be photo
graphed today for the 1951 Quad.
Humanities and Sciences seniors
whose last names begin with the
letters Q through T will be photo
graphed today for the 1951 Quad.
Humanities and Sciences seniors
whose last names begin with the
letters Q through T will be photo
graphed today for the 1951 Quad.
Humanities and Sciences seniors
whose last names begin with the
letters Q through T will be photo
graphed today for the 1951 Quad.
Humanities and Sciences seniors
whose last names begin with the
letters Q through T will be photo
graphed today for the 1951 Quad.
Humanities and Sciences seniors
whose last names begin with the
letters Q through T will be photo
graphed today for the 1951 Quad.
Humanities and Sciences seniors
whose last names begin with the
letters Q through T will be photo
graphed today for the 1951 Quad.
Humanities and Sciences seniors
whose last names begin with the
letters Q through T will be photo
graphed today for the 1951 Quad.
Humanities and Sciences seniors
whose last names begin with the
letters Q through T will be photo
graphed today for the 1951 Quad.
Humanities and Sciences seniors
whose last names begin with the
letters Q through T will be photo
graphed today for the 1951 Quad.
