# FRESHMAN BAND
## 
### 
The Freshman Band will n-.eet
tonight at 7 in the band house for
a rally.
The Freshman Band will n-.eet
tonight at 7 in the band house for
a rally.
The Freshman Band will n-.eet
tonight at 7 in the band house for
a rally.
The Freshman Band will n-.eet
tonight at 7 in the band house for
a rally.
The Freshman Band will n-.eet
tonight at 7 in the band house for
a rally.
The Freshman Band will n-.eet
tonight at 7 in the band house for
a rally.
The Freshman Band will n-.eet
tonight at 7 in the band house for
a rally.
The Freshman Band will n-.eet
tonight at 7 in the band house for
a rally.
The Freshman Band will n-.eet
tonight at 7 in the band house for
a rally.
The Freshman Band will n-.eet
tonight at 7 in the band house for
a rally.
The Freshman Band will n-.eet
tonight at 7 in the band house for
a rally.
The Freshman Band will n-.eet
tonight at 7 in the band house for
a rally.
The Freshman Band will n-.eet
tonight at 7 in the band house for
a rally.
The Freshman Band will n-.eet
tonight at 7 in the band house for
a rally.
