# VETERANS
## 
### 
Veterans not returning winter
quarter should inform the Veterans
Records Office, Building C, Room
40, before Nov. 15 in order that
their training can be interrupted
with the VA. Veterans who are re
ceiving degrees at the end of fall
quarter should inform the Records
Office before the same date to make
arrangements for new Certificates
of Eligibility.
Veterans not returning winter
quarter should inform the Veterans
Records Office, Building C, Room
40, before Nov. 15 in order that
their training can be interrupted
with the VA. Veterans who are re
ceiving degrees at the end of fall
quarter should inform the Records
Office before the same date to make
arrangements for new Certificates
of Eligibility.
Veterans not returning winter
quarter should inform the Veterans
Records Office, Building C, Room
40, before Nov. 15 in order that
their training can be interrupted
with the VA. Veterans who are re
ceiving degrees at the end of fall
quarter should inform the Records
Office before the same date to make
arrangements for new Certificates
of Eligibility.
Veterans not returning winter
quarter should inform the Veterans
Records Office, Building C, Room
40, before Nov. 15 in order that
their training can be interrupted
with the VA. Veterans who are re
ceiving degrees at the end of fall
quarter should inform the Records
Office before the same date to make
arrangements for new Certificates
of Eligibility.
Veterans not returning winter
quarter should inform the Veterans
Records Office, Building C, Room
40, before Nov. 15 in order that
their training can be interrupted
with the VA. Veterans who are re
ceiving degrees at the end of fall
quarter should inform the Records
Office before the same date to make
arrangements for new Certificates
of Eligibility.
Veterans not returning winter
quarter should inform the Veterans
Records Office, Building C, Room
40, before Nov. 15 in order that
their training can be interrupted
with the VA. Veterans who are re
ceiving degrees at the end of fall
quarter should inform the Records
Office before the same date to make
arrangements for new Certificates
of Eligibility.
Veterans not returning winter
quarter should inform the Veterans
Records Office, Building C, Room
40, before Nov. 15 in order that
their training can be interrupted
with the VA. Veterans who are re
ceiving degrees at the end of fall
quarter should inform the Records
Office before the same date to make
arrangements for new Certificates
of Eligibility.
Veterans not returning winter
quarter should inform the Veterans
Records Office, Building C, Room
40, before Nov. 15 in order that
their training can be interrupted
with the VA. Veterans who are re
ceiving degrees at the end of fall
quarter should inform the Records
Office before the same date to make
arrangements for new Certificates
of Eligibility.
Veterans not returning winter
quarter should inform the Veterans
Records Office, Building C, Room
40, before Nov. 15 in order that
their training can be interrupted
with the VA. Veterans who are re
ceiving degrees at the end of fall
quarter should inform the Records
Office before the same date to make
arrangements for new Certificates
of Eligibility.
Veterans not returning winter
quarter should inform the Veterans
Records Office, Building C, Room
40, before Nov. 15 in order that
their training can be interrupted
with the VA. Veterans who are re
ceiving degrees at the end of fall
quarter should inform the Records
Office before the same date to make
arrangements for new Certificates
of Eligibility.
Veterans not returning winter
quarter should inform the Veterans
Records Office, Building C, Room
40, before Nov. 15 in order that
their training can be interrupted
with the VA. Veterans who are re
ceiving degrees at the end of fall
quarter should inform the Records
Office before the same date to make
arrangements for new Certificates
of Eligibility.
Veterans not returning winter
quarter should inform the Veterans
Records Office, Building C, Room
40, before Nov. 15 in order that
their training can be interrupted
with the VA. Veterans who are re
ceiving degrees at the end of fall
quarter should inform the Records
Office before the same date to make
arrangements for new Certificates
of Eligibility.
Veterans not returning winter
quarter should inform the Veterans
Records Office, Building C, Room
40, before Nov. 15 in order that
their training can be interrupted
with the VA. Veterans who are re
ceiving degrees at the end of fall
quarter should inform the Records
Office before the same date to make
arrangements for new Certificates
of Eligibility.
Veterans not returning winter
quarter should inform the Veterans
Records Office, Building C, Room
40, before Nov. 15 in order that
their training can be interrupted
with the VA. Veterans who are re
ceiving degrees at the end of fall
quarter should inform the Records
Office before the same date to make
arrangements for new Certificates
of Eligibility.
