# GIRL WILL RE-SWIM CHANNEL
## 
### 
LONDON, Oct. 17. —A triple reper
cussion of Dr. Dorothy Logan's chan
nel swim hoax was felt in England
today.
Stung by general comment over
English Channel swimming claims,
Miss Mercedes Gleitze, the London
stenographer who asserted she con
quered the channel last week, an
nounced she would attempt the diffi
cult crossing again Wednesday—in
viting plenty of competent observers
to witness the feat.
LONDON, Oct. 17. —A triple reper
cussion of Dr. Dorothy Logan's chan
nel swim hoax was felt in England
today.
Stung by general comment over
English Channel swimming claims,
Miss Mercedes Gleitze, the London
stenographer who asserted she con
quered the channel last week, an
nounced she would attempt the diffi
cult crossing again Wednesday—in
viting plenty of competent observers
to witness the feat.
LONDON, Oct. 17. —A triple reper
cussion of Dr. Dorothy Logan's chan
nel swim hoax was felt in England
today.
Stung by general comment over
English Channel swimming claims,
Miss Mercedes Gleitze, the London
stenographer who asserted she con
quered the channel last week, an
nounced she would attempt the diffi
cult crossing again Wednesday—in
viting plenty of competent observers
to witness the feat.
LONDON, Oct. 17. —A triple reper
cussion of Dr. Dorothy Logan's chan
nel swim hoax was felt in England
today.
Stung by general comment over
English Channel swimming claims,
Miss Mercedes Gleitze, the London
stenographer who asserted she con
quered the channel last week, an
nounced she would attempt the diffi
cult crossing again Wednesday—in
viting plenty of competent observers
to witness the feat.
LONDON, Oct. 17. —A triple reper
cussion of Dr. Dorothy Logan's chan
nel swim hoax was felt in England
today.
Stung by general comment over
English Channel swimming claims,
Miss Mercedes Gleitze, the London
stenographer who asserted she con
quered the channel last week, an
nounced she would attempt the diffi
cult crossing again Wednesday—in
viting plenty of competent observers
to witness the feat.
LONDON, Oct. 17. —A triple reper
cussion of Dr. Dorothy Logan's chan
nel swim hoax was felt in England
today.
Stung by general comment over
English Channel swimming claims,
Miss Mercedes Gleitze, the London
stenographer who asserted she con
quered the channel last week, an
nounced she would attempt the diffi
cult crossing again Wednesday—in
viting plenty of competent observers
to witness the feat.
LONDON, Oct. 17. —A triple reper
cussion of Dr. Dorothy Logan's chan
nel swim hoax was felt in England
today.
Stung by general comment over
English Channel swimming claims,
Miss Mercedes Gleitze, the London
stenographer who asserted she con
quered the channel last week, an
nounced she would attempt the diffi
cult crossing again Wednesday—in
viting plenty of competent observers
to witness the feat.
LONDON, Oct. 17. —A triple reper
cussion of Dr. Dorothy Logan's chan
nel swim hoax was felt in England
today.
Stung by general comment over
English Channel swimming claims,
Miss Mercedes Gleitze, the London
stenographer who asserted she con
quered the channel last week, an
nounced she would attempt the diffi
cult crossing again Wednesday—in
viting plenty of competent observers
to witness the feat.
LONDON, Oct. 17. —A triple reper
cussion of Dr. Dorothy Logan's chan
nel swim hoax was felt in England
today.
Stung by general comment over
English Channel swimming claims,
Miss Mercedes Gleitze, the London
stenographer who asserted she con
quered the channel last week, an
nounced she would attempt the diffi
cult crossing again Wednesday—in
viting plenty of competent observers
to witness the feat.
LONDON, Oct. 17. —A triple reper
cussion of Dr. Dorothy Logan's chan
nel swim hoax was felt in England
today.
Stung by general comment over
English Channel swimming claims,
Miss Mercedes Gleitze, the London
stenographer who asserted she con
quered the channel last week, an
nounced she would attempt the diffi
cult crossing again Wednesday—in
viting plenty of competent observers
to witness the feat.
LONDON, Oct. 17. —A triple reper
cussion of Dr. Dorothy Logan's chan
nel swim hoax was felt in England
today.
Stung by general comment over
English Channel swimming claims,
Miss Mercedes Gleitze, the London
stenographer who asserted she con
quered the channel last week, an
nounced she would attempt the diffi
cult crossing again Wednesday—in
viting plenty of competent observers
to witness the feat.
LONDON, Oct. 17. —A triple reper
cussion of Dr. Dorothy Logan's chan
nel swim hoax was felt in England
today.
Stung by general comment over
English Channel swimming claims,
Miss Mercedes Gleitze, the London
stenographer who asserted she con
quered the channel last week, an
nounced she would attempt the diffi
cult crossing again Wednesday—in
viting plenty of competent observers
to witness the feat.
LONDON, Oct. 17. —A triple reper
cussion of Dr. Dorothy Logan's chan
nel swim hoax was felt in England
today.
Stung by general comment over
English Channel swimming claims,
Miss Mercedes Gleitze, the London
stenographer who asserted she con
quered the channel last week, an
nounced she would attempt the diffi
cult crossing again Wednesday—in
viting plenty of competent observers
to witness the feat.
LONDON, Oct. 17. —A triple reper
cussion of Dr. Dorothy Logan's chan
nel swim hoax was felt in England
today.
Stung by general comment over
English Channel swimming claims,
Miss Mercedes Gleitze, the London
stenographer who asserted she con
quered the channel last week, an
nounced she would attempt the diffi
cult crossing again Wednesday—in
viting plenty of competent observers
to witness the feat.
LONDON, Oct. 17. —A triple reper
cussion of Dr. Dorothy Logan's chan
nel swim hoax was felt in England
today.
Stung by general comment over
English Channel swimming claims,
Miss Mercedes Gleitze, the London
stenographer who asserted she con
quered the channel last week, an
nounced she would attempt the diffi
cult crossing again Wednesday—in
viting plenty of competent observers
to witness the feat.
