# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
There should be a limit even to
Encina raucousness. While the trail
of cars was slowly making its way
past Encina Hall from the game Sat
urday, inmates of the fifth floor sat
in their windows and threw bags of
water at the passing cars. There
might be some excuse for aiming
their pleasantries at the roughs from
the rooting section, but no! they
picked out the cars loaded with wo
men to deluge.
As it happened the juicy bag aimed
at the car in which I was riding burst
at the feet of two girls who had been
released from the Palo Alto Hospital
Saturday morning, one having had
pneumonia and the other bronchitis.
A little consideration, please!
â€”One of the 500.

"There are other contrasts. On one
side of a street, you may go into a
shop and buy peanuts at the rate of
four for one-twentieth of a cent. On
the other side of the street, you may
see the latest movie from America."
In the awakened China that is, aud
the sleeping China that war, Dr. John
son finds varying conceptions of edu
cational standards and of the status
of women. All these new ideas which
the Chinese have borrowed from the
Occident affect the desire of China
for independence, he believes.
Scholars Modernized
"The old idea was that the Chinese
scholar was at the top of the social
scale. The wisdom of this scholar was
based on his ability to repeat by
heart the maxims of Confucious and
the old sages.
"Modern Chinese students, who have
gone to England and America, have
come back with a new idea. They
want to know and understand and pos
sess the things that have made other ;
nations great.
"Girls, who were" considered before
almost less than human, are being \
educated in larger numbers continu
ally . . . and they are showing up
well as students, indeed.
