# EUPHRONIA WILL TRY NEW MEN TOMORROW
## 
### 
Freshmen will be given an oppor
tunity to try out for Euphronia, men's
debating society, at the meeting of
the organization in the Old Union
lobby tomorrow evening at 7:45
o'clock. The tryoutees will be allowed
five minutes to discuss either side of
the question, "Resolved, That the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia be abolished." This subject is
the same one on which the varsity
debaters will debate California on
November 15.
Freshmen will be given an oppor
tunity to try out for Euphronia, men's
debating society, at the meeting of
the organization in the Old Union
lobby tomorrow evening at 7:45
o'clock. The tryoutees will be allowed
five minutes to discuss either side of
the question, "Resolved, That the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia be abolished." This subject is
the same one on which the varsity
debaters will debate California on
November 15.
Freshmen will be given an oppor
tunity to try out for Euphronia, men's
debating society, at the meeting of
the organization in the Old Union
lobby tomorrow evening at 7:45
o'clock. The tryoutees will be allowed
five minutes to discuss either side of
the question, "Resolved, That the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia be abolished." This subject is
the same one on which the varsity
debaters will debate California on
November 15.
Freshmen will be given an oppor
tunity to try out for Euphronia, men's
debating society, at the meeting of
the organization in the Old Union
lobby tomorrow evening at 7:45
o'clock. The tryoutees will be allowed
five minutes to discuss either side of
the question, "Resolved, That the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia be abolished." This subject is
the same one on which the varsity
debaters will debate California on
November 15.
Freshmen will be given an oppor
tunity to try out for Euphronia, men's
debating society, at the meeting of
the organization in the Old Union
lobby tomorrow evening at 7:45
o'clock. The tryoutees will be allowed
five minutes to discuss either side of
the question, "Resolved, That the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia be abolished." This subject is
the same one on which the varsity
debaters will debate California on
November 15.
Freshmen will be given an oppor
tunity to try out for Euphronia, men's
debating society, at the meeting of
the organization in the Old Union
lobby tomorrow evening at 7:45
o'clock. The tryoutees will be allowed
five minutes to discuss either side of
the question, "Resolved, That the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia be abolished." This subject is
the same one on which the varsity
debaters will debate California on
November 15.
Freshmen will be given an oppor
tunity to try out for Euphronia, men's
debating society, at the meeting of
the organization in the Old Union
lobby tomorrow evening at 7:45
o'clock. The tryoutees will be allowed
five minutes to discuss either side of
the question, "Resolved, That the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia be abolished." This subject is
the same one on which the varsity
debaters will debate California on
November 15.
Freshmen will be given an oppor
tunity to try out for Euphronia, men's
debating society, at the meeting of
the organization in the Old Union
lobby tomorrow evening at 7:45
o'clock. The tryoutees will be allowed
five minutes to discuss either side of
the question, "Resolved, That the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia be abolished." This subject is
the same one on which the varsity
debaters will debate California on
November 15.
Freshmen will be given an oppor
tunity to try out for Euphronia, men's
debating society, at the meeting of
the organization in the Old Union
lobby tomorrow evening at 7:45
o'clock. The tryoutees will be allowed
five minutes to discuss either side of
the question, "Resolved, That the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia be abolished." This subject is
the same one on which the varsity
debaters will debate California on
November 15.
Freshmen will be given an oppor
tunity to try out for Euphronia, men's
debating society, at the meeting of
the organization in the Old Union
lobby tomorrow evening at 7:45
o'clock. The tryoutees will be allowed
five minutes to discuss either side of
the question, "Resolved, That the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia be abolished." This subject is
the same one on which the varsity
debaters will debate California on
November 15.
Freshmen will be given an oppor
tunity to try out for Euphronia, men's
debating society, at the meeting of
the organization in the Old Union
lobby tomorrow evening at 7:45
o'clock. The tryoutees will be allowed
five minutes to discuss either side of
the question, "Resolved, That the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia be abolished." This subject is
the same one on which the varsity
debaters will debate California on
November 15.
Freshmen will be given an oppor
tunity to try out for Euphronia, men's
debating society, at the meeting of
the organization in the Old Union
lobby tomorrow evening at 7:45
o'clock. The tryoutees will be allowed
five minutes to discuss either side of
the question, "Resolved, That the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia be abolished." This subject is
the same one on which the varsity
debaters will debate California on
November 15.
Freshmen will be given an oppor
tunity to try out for Euphronia, men's
debating society, at the meeting of
the organization in the Old Union
lobby tomorrow evening at 7:45
o'clock. The tryoutees will be allowed
five minutes to discuss either side of
the question, "Resolved, That the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia be abolished." This subject is
the same one on which the varsity
debaters will debate California on
November 15.
Freshmen will be given an oppor
tunity to try out for Euphronia, men's
debating society, at the meeting of
the organization in the Old Union
lobby tomorrow evening at 7:45
o'clock. The tryoutees will be allowed
five minutes to discuss either side of
the question, "Resolved, That the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia be abolished." This subject is
the same one on which the varsity
debaters will debate California on
November 15.
Freshmen will be given an oppor
tunity to try out for Euphronia, men's
debating society, at the meeting of
the organization in the Old Union
lobby tomorrow evening at 7:45
o'clock. The tryoutees will be allowed
five minutes to discuss either side of
the question, "Resolved, That the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia be abolished." This subject is
the same one on which the varsity
debaters will debate California on
November 15.
