# Science Will Sacrifice Monkeys to Martyrdom
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.—At Willard
Parker Hospital here, twenty jabber
ing little monkeys of the jungle are
being swamped with the attention or
learned men.
They are being groomed for mar
tyrdom — innoculation of disease
germs which may help man fight a
successful battle against infantile
paralysis. .
Certain Ones Face Death
Some of the number face certain
death. The experiments are under the
direction of the Health Department,
and attaches admit that there is no
hope for the ones who will be chosen
for the disease to run its course.
For others, a future of the shut-in
is inevitable. These will have the
germs put into their healthy blood,
but later will be treated by every
remedy known to science. Some, un
doubtedly, will be crippled and
maimed.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.—At Willard
Parker Hospital here, twenty jabber
ing little monkeys of the jungle are
being swamped with the attention or
learned men.
They are being groomed for mar
tyrdom — innoculation of disease
germs which may help man fight a
successful battle against infantile
paralysis. .
Certain Ones Face Death
Some of the number face certain
death. The experiments are under the
direction of the Health Department,
and attaches admit that there is no
hope for the ones who will be chosen
for the disease to run its course.
For others, a future of the shut-in
is inevitable. These will have the
germs put into their healthy blood,
but later will be treated by every
remedy known to science. Some, un
doubtedly, will be crippled and
maimed.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.—At Willard
Parker Hospital here, twenty jabber
ing little monkeys of the jungle are
being swamped with the attention or
learned men.
They are being groomed for mar
tyrdom — innoculation of disease
germs which may help man fight a
successful battle against infantile
paralysis. .
Certain Ones Face Death
Some of the number face certain
death. The experiments are under the
direction of the Health Department,
and attaches admit that there is no
hope for the ones who will be chosen
for the disease to run its course.
For others, a future of the shut-in
is inevitable. These will have the
germs put into their healthy blood,
but later will be treated by every
remedy known to science. Some, un
doubtedly, will be crippled and
maimed.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.—At Willard
Parker Hospital here, twenty jabber
ing little monkeys of the jungle are
being swamped with the attention or
learned men.
They are being groomed for mar
tyrdom — innoculation of disease
germs which may help man fight a
successful battle against infantile
paralysis. .
Certain Ones Face Death
Some of the number face certain
death. The experiments are under the
direction of the Health Department,
and attaches admit that there is no
hope for the ones who will be chosen
for the disease to run its course.
For others, a future of the shut-in
is inevitable. These will have the
germs put into their healthy blood,
but later will be treated by every
remedy known to science. Some, un
doubtedly, will be crippled and
maimed.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.—At Willard
Parker Hospital here, twenty jabber
ing little monkeys of the jungle are
being swamped with the attention or
learned men.
They are being groomed for mar
tyrdom — innoculation of disease
germs which may help man fight a
successful battle against infantile
paralysis. .
Certain Ones Face Death
Some of the number face certain
death. The experiments are under the
direction of the Health Department,
and attaches admit that there is no
hope for the ones who will be chosen
for the disease to run its course.
For others, a future of the shut-in
is inevitable. These will have the
germs put into their healthy blood,
but later will be treated by every
remedy known to science. Some, un
doubtedly, will be crippled and
maimed.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.—At Willard
Parker Hospital here, twenty jabber
ing little monkeys of the jungle are
being swamped with the attention or
learned men.
They are being groomed for mar
tyrdom — innoculation of disease
germs which may help man fight a
successful battle against infantile
paralysis. .
Certain Ones Face Death
Some of the number face certain
death. The experiments are under the
direction of the Health Department,
and attaches admit that there is no
hope for the ones who will be chosen
for the disease to run its course.
For others, a future of the shut-in
is inevitable. These will have the
germs put into their healthy blood,
but later will be treated by every
remedy known to science. Some, un
doubtedly, will be crippled and
maimed.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.—At Willard
Parker Hospital here, twenty jabber
ing little monkeys of the jungle are
being swamped with the attention or
learned men.
They are being groomed for mar
tyrdom — innoculation of disease
germs which may help man fight a
successful battle against infantile
paralysis. .
Certain Ones Face Death
Some of the number face certain
death. The experiments are under the
direction of the Health Department,
and attaches admit that there is no
hope for the ones who will be chosen
for the disease to run its course.
For others, a future of the shut-in
is inevitable. These will have the
germs put into their healthy blood,
but later will be treated by every
remedy known to science. Some, un
doubtedly, will be crippled and
maimed.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.—At Willard
Parker Hospital here, twenty jabber
ing little monkeys of the jungle are
being swamped with the attention or
learned men.
They are being groomed for mar
tyrdom — innoculation of disease
germs which may help man fight a
successful battle against infantile
paralysis. .
Certain Ones Face Death
Some of the number face certain
death. The experiments are under the
direction of the Health Department,
and attaches admit that there is no
hope for the ones who will be chosen
for the disease to run its course.
For others, a future of the shut-in
is inevitable. These will have the
germs put into their healthy blood,
but later will be treated by every
remedy known to science. Some, un
doubtedly, will be crippled and
maimed.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.—At Willard
Parker Hospital here, twenty jabber
ing little monkeys of the jungle are
being swamped with the attention or
learned men.
They are being groomed for mar
tyrdom — innoculation of disease
germs which may help man fight a
successful battle against infantile
paralysis. .
Certain Ones Face Death
Some of the number face certain
death. The experiments are under the
direction of the Health Department,
and attaches admit that there is no
hope for the ones who will be chosen
for the disease to run its course.
For others, a future of the shut-in
is inevitable. These will have the
germs put into their healthy blood,
but later will be treated by every
remedy known to science. Some, un
doubtedly, will be crippled and
maimed.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.—At Willard
Parker Hospital here, twenty jabber
ing little monkeys of the jungle are
being swamped with the attention or
learned men.
They are being groomed for mar
tyrdom — innoculation of disease
germs which may help man fight a
successful battle against infantile
paralysis. .
Certain Ones Face Death
Some of the number face certain
death. The experiments are under the
direction of the Health Department,
and attaches admit that there is no
hope for the ones who will be chosen
for the disease to run its course.
For others, a future of the shut-in
is inevitable. These will have the
germs put into their healthy blood,
but later will be treated by every
remedy known to science. Some, un
doubtedly, will be crippled and
maimed.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.—At Willard
Parker Hospital here, twenty jabber
ing little monkeys of the jungle are
being swamped with the attention or
learned men.
They are being groomed for mar
tyrdom — innoculation of disease
germs which may help man fight a
successful battle against infantile
paralysis. .
Certain Ones Face Death
Some of the number face certain
death. The experiments are under the
direction of the Health Department,
and attaches admit that there is no
hope for the ones who will be chosen
for the disease to run its course.
For others, a future of the shut-in
is inevitable. These will have the
germs put into their healthy blood,
but later will be treated by every
remedy known to science. Some, un
doubtedly, will be crippled and
maimed.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.—At Willard
Parker Hospital here, twenty jabber
ing little monkeys of the jungle are
being swamped with the attention or
learned men.
They are being groomed for mar
tyrdom — innoculation of disease
germs which may help man fight a
successful battle against infantile
paralysis. .
Certain Ones Face Death
Some of the number face certain
death. The experiments are under the
direction of the Health Department,
and attaches admit that there is no
hope for the ones who will be chosen
for the disease to run its course.
For others, a future of the shut-in
is inevitable. These will have the
germs put into their healthy blood,
but later will be treated by every
remedy known to science. Some, un
doubtedly, will be crippled and
maimed.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.—At Willard
Parker Hospital here, twenty jabber
ing little monkeys of the jungle are
being swamped with the attention or
learned men.
They are being groomed for mar
tyrdom — innoculation of disease
germs which may help man fight a
successful battle against infantile
paralysis. .
Certain Ones Face Death
Some of the number face certain
death. The experiments are under the
direction of the Health Department,
and attaches admit that there is no
hope for the ones who will be chosen
for the disease to run its course.
For others, a future of the shut-in
is inevitable. These will have the
germs put into their healthy blood,
but later will be treated by every
remedy known to science. Some, un
doubtedly, will be crippled and
maimed.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.—At Willard
Parker Hospital here, twenty jabber
ing little monkeys of the jungle are
being swamped with the attention or
learned men.
They are being groomed for mar
tyrdom — innoculation of disease
germs which may help man fight a
successful battle against infantile
paralysis. .
Certain Ones Face Death
Some of the number face certain
death. The experiments are under the
direction of the Health Department,
and attaches admit that there is no
hope for the ones who will be chosen
for the disease to run its course.
For others, a future of the shut-in
is inevitable. These will have the
germs put into their healthy blood,
but later will be treated by every
remedy known to science. Some, un
doubtedly, will be crippled and
maimed.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.—At Willard
Parker Hospital here, twenty jabber
ing little monkeys of the jungle are
being swamped with the attention or
learned men.
They are being groomed for mar
tyrdom — innoculation of disease
germs which may help man fight a
successful battle against infantile
paralysis. .
Certain Ones Face Death
Some of the number face certain
death. The experiments are under the
direction of the Health Department,
and attaches admit that there is no
hope for the ones who will be chosen
for the disease to run its course.
For others, a future of the shut-in
is inevitable. These will have the
germs put into their healthy blood,
but later will be treated by every
remedy known to science. Some, un
doubtedly, will be crippled and
maimed.
