# Court Decision Blocks Power Plant Operation
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.—Holding
that there was no federal jurisdiction
over laws involved in the case, the
United States Supreme Court has for
mally dismissed appeal of the South
ern California Edison Company from
California State Court Injunctions
granted to riparian landowners and
blocking operation of the company's
$5,000,000 hydro-electric plant on the
San Joaquin river.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.—Holding
that there was no federal jurisdiction
over laws involved in the case, the
United States Supreme Court has for
mally dismissed appeal of the South
ern California Edison Company from
California State Court Injunctions
granted to riparian landowners and
blocking operation of the company's
$5,000,000 hydro-electric plant on the
San Joaquin river.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.—Holding
that there was no federal jurisdiction
over laws involved in the case, the
United States Supreme Court has for
mally dismissed appeal of the South
ern California Edison Company from
California State Court Injunctions
granted to riparian landowners and
blocking operation of the company's
$5,000,000 hydro-electric plant on the
San Joaquin river.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.—Holding
that there was no federal jurisdiction
over laws involved in the case, the
United States Supreme Court has for
mally dismissed appeal of the South
ern California Edison Company from
California State Court Injunctions
granted to riparian landowners and
blocking operation of the company's
$5,000,000 hydro-electric plant on the
San Joaquin river.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.—Holding
that there was no federal jurisdiction
over laws involved in the case, the
United States Supreme Court has for
mally dismissed appeal of the South
ern California Edison Company from
California State Court Injunctions
granted to riparian landowners and
blocking operation of the company's
$5,000,000 hydro-electric plant on the
San Joaquin river.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.—Holding
that there was no federal jurisdiction
over laws involved in the case, the
United States Supreme Court has for
mally dismissed appeal of the South
ern California Edison Company from
California State Court Injunctions
granted to riparian landowners and
blocking operation of the company's
$5,000,000 hydro-electric plant on the
San Joaquin river.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.—Holding
that there was no federal jurisdiction
over laws involved in the case, the
United States Supreme Court has for
mally dismissed appeal of the South
ern California Edison Company from
California State Court Injunctions
granted to riparian landowners and
blocking operation of the company's
$5,000,000 hydro-electric plant on the
San Joaquin river.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.—Holding
that there was no federal jurisdiction
over laws involved in the case, the
United States Supreme Court has for
mally dismissed appeal of the South
ern California Edison Company from
California State Court Injunctions
granted to riparian landowners and
blocking operation of the company's
$5,000,000 hydro-electric plant on the
San Joaquin river.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.—Holding
that there was no federal jurisdiction
over laws involved in the case, the
United States Supreme Court has for
mally dismissed appeal of the South
ern California Edison Company from
California State Court Injunctions
granted to riparian landowners and
blocking operation of the company's
$5,000,000 hydro-electric plant on the
San Joaquin river.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.—Holding
that there was no federal jurisdiction
over laws involved in the case, the
United States Supreme Court has for
mally dismissed appeal of the South
ern California Edison Company from
California State Court Injunctions
granted to riparian landowners and
blocking operation of the company's
$5,000,000 hydro-electric plant on the
San Joaquin river.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.—Holding
that there was no federal jurisdiction
over laws involved in the case, the
United States Supreme Court has for
mally dismissed appeal of the South
ern California Edison Company from
California State Court Injunctions
granted to riparian landowners and
blocking operation of the company's
$5,000,000 hydro-electric plant on the
San Joaquin river.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.—Holding
that there was no federal jurisdiction
over laws involved in the case, the
United States Supreme Court has for
mally dismissed appeal of the South
ern California Edison Company from
California State Court Injunctions
granted to riparian landowners and
blocking operation of the company's
$5,000,000 hydro-electric plant on the
San Joaquin river.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.—Holding
that there was no federal jurisdiction
over laws involved in the case, the
United States Supreme Court has for
mally dismissed appeal of the South
ern California Edison Company from
California State Court Injunctions
granted to riparian landowners and
blocking operation of the company's
$5,000,000 hydro-electric plant on the
San Joaquin river.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.—Holding
that there was no federal jurisdiction
over laws involved in the case, the
United States Supreme Court has for
mally dismissed appeal of the South
ern California Edison Company from
California State Court Injunctions
granted to riparian landowners and
blocking operation of the company's
$5,000,000 hydro-electric plant on the
San Joaquin river.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.—Holding
that there was no federal jurisdiction
over laws involved in the case, the
United States Supreme Court has for
mally dismissed appeal of the South
ern California Edison Company from
California State Court Injunctions
granted to riparian landowners and
blocking operation of the company's
$5,000,000 hydro-electric plant on the
San Joaquin river.
