# MEMORIAL CHURCH
## 
### 
The Right Rev. W. F. Nichols, D.D.,
who is Rishop of California, win con
duct (he services to be held in the
Memorial Church at 11 o'clock Sun
day morning. The duet will he sung
by Mrs. Warren 1). Allen and Chester
Herold.
The organ recital to be given by
Mr. Allen on Sunday afternoon will
consist of the following selections:
Prelude in C sharp minor
...Rachmaninoff
Deep River (Old Negro Melody).
Pasterole from Sonata No. 1 Guflmant
Toccata Dubois
The Right Rev. W. F. Nichols, D.D.,
who is Rishop of California, win con
duct (he services to be held in the
Memorial Church at 11 o'clock Sun
day morning. The duet will he sung
by Mrs. Warren 1). Allen and Chester
Herold.
The organ recital to be given by
Mr. Allen on Sunday afternoon will
consist of the following selections:
Prelude in C sharp minor
...Rachmaninoff
Deep River (Old Negro Melody).
Pasterole from Sonata No. 1 Guflmant
Toccata Dubois
The Right Rev. W. F. Nichols, D.D.,
who is Rishop of California, win con
duct (he services to be held in the
Memorial Church at 11 o'clock Sun
day morning. The duet will he sung
by Mrs. Warren 1). Allen and Chester
Herold.
The organ recital to be given by
Mr. Allen on Sunday afternoon will
consist of the following selections:
Prelude in C sharp minor
...Rachmaninoff
Deep River (Old Negro Melody).
Pasterole from Sonata No. 1 Guflmant
Toccata Dubois
The Right Rev. W. F. Nichols, D.D.,
who is Rishop of California, win con
duct (he services to be held in the
Memorial Church at 11 o'clock Sun
day morning. The duet will he sung
by Mrs. Warren 1). Allen and Chester
Herold.
The organ recital to be given by
Mr. Allen on Sunday afternoon will
consist of the following selections:
Prelude in C sharp minor
...Rachmaninoff
Deep River (Old Negro Melody).
Pasterole from Sonata No. 1 Guflmant
Toccata Dubois
The Right Rev. W. F. Nichols, D.D.,
who is Rishop of California, win con
duct (he services to be held in the
Memorial Church at 11 o'clock Sun
day morning. The duet will he sung
by Mrs. Warren 1). Allen and Chester
Herold.
The organ recital to be given by
Mr. Allen on Sunday afternoon will
consist of the following selections:
Prelude in C sharp minor
...Rachmaninoff
Deep River (Old Negro Melody).
Pasterole from Sonata No. 1 Guflmant
Toccata Dubois
The Right Rev. W. F. Nichols, D.D.,
who is Rishop of California, win con
duct (he services to be held in the
Memorial Church at 11 o'clock Sun
day morning. The duet will he sung
by Mrs. Warren 1). Allen and Chester
Herold.
The organ recital to be given by
Mr. Allen on Sunday afternoon will
consist of the following selections:
Prelude in C sharp minor
...Rachmaninoff
Deep River (Old Negro Melody).
Pasterole from Sonata No. 1 Guflmant
Toccata Dubois
The Right Rev. W. F. Nichols, D.D.,
who is Rishop of California, win con
duct (he services to be held in the
Memorial Church at 11 o'clock Sun
day morning. The duet will he sung
by Mrs. Warren 1). Allen and Chester
Herold.
The organ recital to be given by
Mr. Allen on Sunday afternoon will
consist of the following selections:
Prelude in C sharp minor
...Rachmaninoff
Deep River (Old Negro Melody).
Pasterole from Sonata No. 1 Guflmant
Toccata Dubois
The Right Rev. W. F. Nichols, D.D.,
who is Rishop of California, win con
duct (he services to be held in the
Memorial Church at 11 o'clock Sun
day morning. The duet will he sung
by Mrs. Warren 1). Allen and Chester
Herold.
The organ recital to be given by
Mr. Allen on Sunday afternoon will
consist of the following selections:
Prelude in C sharp minor
...Rachmaninoff
Deep River (Old Negro Melody).
Pasterole from Sonata No. 1 Guflmant
Toccata Dubois
The Right Rev. W. F. Nichols, D.D.,
who is Rishop of California, win con
duct (he services to be held in the
Memorial Church at 11 o'clock Sun
day morning. The duet will he sung
by Mrs. Warren 1). Allen and Chester
Herold.
The organ recital to be given by
Mr. Allen on Sunday afternoon will
consist of the following selections:
Prelude in C sharp minor
...Rachmaninoff
Deep River (Old Negro Melody).
Pasterole from Sonata No. 1 Guflmant
Toccata Dubois
The Right Rev. W. F. Nichols, D.D.,
who is Rishop of California, win con
duct (he services to be held in the
Memorial Church at 11 o'clock Sun
day morning. The duet will he sung
by Mrs. Warren 1). Allen and Chester
Herold.
The organ recital to be given by
Mr. Allen on Sunday afternoon will
consist of the following selections:
Prelude in C sharp minor
...Rachmaninoff
Deep River (Old Negro Melody).
Pasterole from Sonata No. 1 Guflmant
Toccata Dubois
The Right Rev. W. F. Nichols, D.D.,
who is Rishop of California, win con
duct (he services to be held in the
Memorial Church at 11 o'clock Sun
day morning. The duet will he sung
by Mrs. Warren 1). Allen and Chester
Herold.
The organ recital to be given by
Mr. Allen on Sunday afternoon will
consist of the following selections:
Prelude in C sharp minor
...Rachmaninoff
Deep River (Old Negro Melody).
Pasterole from Sonata No. 1 Guflmant
Toccata Dubois
The Right Rev. W. F. Nichols, D.D.,
who is Rishop of California, win con
duct (he services to be held in the
Memorial Church at 11 o'clock Sun
day morning. The duet will he sung
by Mrs. Warren 1). Allen and Chester
Herold.
The organ recital to be given by
Mr. Allen on Sunday afternoon will
consist of the following selections:
Prelude in C sharp minor
...Rachmaninoff
Deep River (Old Negro Melody).
Pasterole from Sonata No. 1 Guflmant
Toccata Dubois
The Right Rev. W. F. Nichols, D.D.,
who is Rishop of California, win con
duct (he services to be held in the
Memorial Church at 11 o'clock Sun
day morning. The duet will he sung
by Mrs. Warren 1). Allen and Chester
Herold.
The organ recital to be given by
Mr. Allen on Sunday afternoon will
consist of the following selections:
Prelude in C sharp minor
...Rachmaninoff
Deep River (Old Negro Melody).
Pasterole from Sonata No. 1 Guflmant
Toccata Dubois
The Right Rev. W. F. Nichols, D.D.,
who is Rishop of California, win con
duct (he services to be held in the
Memorial Church at 11 o'clock Sun
day morning. The duet will he sung
by Mrs. Warren 1). Allen and Chester
Herold.
The organ recital to be given by
Mr. Allen on Sunday afternoon will
consist of the following selections:
Prelude in C sharp minor
...Rachmaninoff
Deep River (Old Negro Melody).
Pasterole from Sonata No. 1 Guflmant
Toccata Dubois
The Right Rev. W. F. Nichols, D.D.,
who is Rishop of California, win con
duct (he services to be held in the
Memorial Church at 11 o'clock Sun
day morning. The duet will he sung
by Mrs. Warren 1). Allen and Chester
Herold.
The organ recital to be given by
Mr. Allen on Sunday afternoon will
consist of the following selections:
Prelude in C sharp minor
...Rachmaninoff
Deep River (Old Negro Melody).
Pasterole from Sonata No. 1 Guflmant
Toccata Dubois
The Right Rev. W. F. Nichols, D.D.,
who is Rishop of California, win con
duct (he services to be held in the
Memorial Church at 11 o'clock Sun
day morning. The duet will he sung
by Mrs. Warren 1). Allen and Chester
Herold.
The organ recital to be given by
Mr. Allen on Sunday afternoon will
consist of the following selections:
Prelude in C sharp minor
...Rachmaninoff
Deep River (Old Negro Melody).
Pasterole from Sonata No. 1 Guflmant
Toccata Dubois
