# "Root of Evil" Given To Prisoners of Allies
## 
### 
"The Root of the Evil." the letter
written by Dr. Jordan to American
friends of German democracy, was
published at the request of the gov
ernment. For several months before
the close of the war the letter in
pamphlet form was distributed to all
the European prisoners taken by the
United States and the Allies. One
hundred thousand copies, 50,00 print
ed in German, have been issued since
the publication in the spring.
"The Root of the Evil." the letter
written by Dr. Jordan to American
friends of German democracy, was
published at the request of the gov
ernment. For several months before
the close of the war the letter in
pamphlet form was distributed to all
the European prisoners taken by the
United States and the Allies. One
hundred thousand copies, 50,00 print
ed in German, have been issued since
the publication in the spring.
"The Root of the Evil." the letter
written by Dr. Jordan to American
friends of German democracy, was
published at the request of the gov
ernment. For several months before
the close of the war the letter in
pamphlet form was distributed to all
the European prisoners taken by the
United States and the Allies. One
hundred thousand copies, 50,00 print
ed in German, have been issued since
the publication in the spring.
"The Root of the Evil." the letter
written by Dr. Jordan to American
friends of German democracy, was
published at the request of the gov
ernment. For several months before
the close of the war the letter in
pamphlet form was distributed to all
the European prisoners taken by the
United States and the Allies. One
hundred thousand copies, 50,00 print
ed in German, have been issued since
the publication in the spring.
"The Root of the Evil." the letter
written by Dr. Jordan to American
friends of German democracy, was
published at the request of the gov
ernment. For several months before
the close of the war the letter in
pamphlet form was distributed to all
the European prisoners taken by the
United States and the Allies. One
hundred thousand copies, 50,00 print
ed in German, have been issued since
the publication in the spring.
"The Root of the Evil." the letter
written by Dr. Jordan to American
friends of German democracy, was
published at the request of the gov
ernment. For several months before
the close of the war the letter in
pamphlet form was distributed to all
the European prisoners taken by the
United States and the Allies. One
hundred thousand copies, 50,00 print
ed in German, have been issued since
the publication in the spring.
"The Root of the Evil." the letter
written by Dr. Jordan to American
friends of German democracy, was
published at the request of the gov
ernment. For several months before
the close of the war the letter in
pamphlet form was distributed to all
the European prisoners taken by the
United States and the Allies. One
hundred thousand copies, 50,00 print
ed in German, have been issued since
the publication in the spring.
"The Root of the Evil." the letter
written by Dr. Jordan to American
friends of German democracy, was
published at the request of the gov
ernment. For several months before
the close of the war the letter in
pamphlet form was distributed to all
the European prisoners taken by the
United States and the Allies. One
hundred thousand copies, 50,00 print
ed in German, have been issued since
the publication in the spring.
"The Root of the Evil." the letter
written by Dr. Jordan to American
friends of German democracy, was
published at the request of the gov
ernment. For several months before
the close of the war the letter in
pamphlet form was distributed to all
the European prisoners taken by the
United States and the Allies. One
hundred thousand copies, 50,00 print
ed in German, have been issued since
the publication in the spring.
"The Root of the Evil." the letter
written by Dr. Jordan to American
friends of German democracy, was
published at the request of the gov
ernment. For several months before
the close of the war the letter in
pamphlet form was distributed to all
the European prisoners taken by the
United States and the Allies. One
hundred thousand copies, 50,00 print
ed in German, have been issued since
the publication in the spring.
"The Root of the Evil." the letter
written by Dr. Jordan to American
friends of German democracy, was
published at the request of the gov
ernment. For several months before
the close of the war the letter in
pamphlet form was distributed to all
the European prisoners taken by the
United States and the Allies. One
hundred thousand copies, 50,00 print
ed in German, have been issued since
the publication in the spring.
"The Root of the Evil." the letter
written by Dr. Jordan to American
friends of German democracy, was
published at the request of the gov
ernment. For several months before
the close of the war the letter in
pamphlet form was distributed to all
the European prisoners taken by the
United States and the Allies. One
hundred thousand copies, 50,00 print
ed in German, have been issued since
the publication in the spring.
"The Root of the Evil." the letter
written by Dr. Jordan to American
friends of German democracy, was
published at the request of the gov
ernment. For several months before
the close of the war the letter in
pamphlet form was distributed to all
the European prisoners taken by the
United States and the Allies. One
hundred thousand copies, 50,00 print
ed in German, have been issued since
the publication in the spring.
"The Root of the Evil." the letter
written by Dr. Jordan to American
friends of German democracy, was
published at the request of the gov
ernment. For several months before
the close of the war the letter in
pamphlet form was distributed to all
the European prisoners taken by the
United States and the Allies. One
hundred thousand copies, 50,00 print
ed in German, have been issued since
the publication in the spring.
"The Root of the Evil." the letter
written by Dr. Jordan to American
friends of German democracy, was
published at the request of the gov
ernment. For several months before
the close of the war the letter in
pamphlet form was distributed to all
the European prisoners taken by the
United States and the Allies. One
hundred thousand copies, 50,00 print
ed in German, have been issued since
the publication in the spring.
"The Root of the Evil." the letter
written by Dr. Jordan to American
friends of German democracy, was
published at the request of the gov
ernment. For several months before
the close of the war the letter in
pamphlet form was distributed to all
the European prisoners taken by the
United States and the Allies. One
hundred thousand copies, 50,00 print
ed in German, have been issued since
the publication in the spring.
