# Announcements
## 
### 
MONDAY
Cosmopolitan Chili. -Women's Club
House, 8 p.m.
There will he an interclass women?
hockey game December 6, and under
class women are asked to come out
Tuesday at 4:15 and pperclass women
Thursday at 4:15 to try out for the
teams and to elect captains.
All students wishing to register for.
c ourses in Mining or Metallurgy dur
ing the winter quarter will please see
Mr. Dietrich as soon as possible on
Mondays, Wednesdays, or Fridays in
room 552. This is important because
only those quarters will be given for
which there is sufficient demand.
All students who are majoring or
intend to major in the divisions of
Mining or Metallurgy, Department of
Geology and Mining, wil please see
Mr. Dietrich before the end of the
prenent quarter.
