# Lieutenant Steam is Killed in Action
## 
### 
The name of another Stanford man
has been written on the Nation's roll
of honor. It is that of Lieutenant
Joseph H. Stearn, ex-'lB. Official no
tice of Steam's death was received on
September 29 by his parents. Mr and
Mrs. Frank Stearn, of Los Angeles. He
atached to the 362 d infantry, 91st
division, at the time of his death
Stearn enlisted as soon as the United
States entered the war and was sent to
an officers' training camp at the Pre
sidio. It was at this camp that he won
his commission. Later he was sent to
Camp Lewis, and then to J ; ort Sill On
June 27. 1918, he embarked for France.
After a course in a training school in
France lie was made divisional director
of a machine gun company. Stearn was
an Alpha Tau Omega.
