# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The dates for the Christmas vacation
at the University of Toronto are to re
main unchanged. The Easter term,
however, will be lengthened by about a
week.
The dates for the Christmas vacation
at the University of Toronto are to re
main unchanged. The Easter term,
however, will be lengthened by about a
week.
The dates for the Christmas vacation
at the University of Toronto are to re
main unchanged. The Easter term,
however, will be lengthened by about a
week.
The dates for the Christmas vacation
at the University of Toronto are to re
main unchanged. The Easter term,
however, will be lengthened by about a
week.
The dates for the Christmas vacation
at the University of Toronto are to re
main unchanged. The Easter term,
however, will be lengthened by about a
week.
The dates for the Christmas vacation
at the University of Toronto are to re
main unchanged. The Easter term,
however, will be lengthened by about a
week.
The dates for the Christmas vacation
at the University of Toronto are to re
main unchanged. The Easter term,
however, will be lengthened by about a
week.
The dates for the Christmas vacation
at the University of Toronto are to re
main unchanged. The Easter term,
however, will be lengthened by about a
week.
The dates for the Christmas vacation
at the University of Toronto are to re
main unchanged. The Easter term,
however, will be lengthened by about a
week.
The dates for the Christmas vacation
at the University of Toronto are to re
main unchanged. The Easter term,
however, will be lengthened by about a
week.
The dates for the Christmas vacation
at the University of Toronto are to re
main unchanged. The Easter term,
however, will be lengthened by about a
week.
The dates for the Christmas vacation
at the University of Toronto are to re
main unchanged. The Easter term,
however, will be lengthened by about a
week.
The dates for the Christmas vacation
at the University of Toronto are to re
main unchanged. The Easter term,
however, will be lengthened by about a
week.
The dates for the Christmas vacation
at the University of Toronto are to re
main unchanged. The Easter term,
however, will be lengthened by about a
week.
The dates for the Christmas vacation
at the University of Toronto are to re
main unchanged. The Easter term,
however, will be lengthened by about a
week.
The dates for the Christmas vacation
at the University of Toronto are to re
main unchanged. The Easter term,
however, will be lengthened by about a
week.
