# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The feminine element of the Uni
versity and a few of their brothers
will be interested to know that (jrov
ernor liudd considers woman suf
frage the important question of the
day, after the great financial prob
lem. lie is confident that, as both
the assembly and legislature are lie
publican, the woman suffrage bill
will certainly pass. The only active
opposition to this movement in Cal
ifornia is the saloon element. A
great deal of excitement is predicted
over this question, which is rapidly
becoming a vital one. Sociology has
found that new countries are apt to
be less conservative and more sus
ceptible to the wooing of progress
than are old ones, and nowhere is
this fact more stiikingly illustrated
than in Australia, wheie women are
now permitted to vote on the same
terms with men and a seat in parlia
ment is not debarred them.
The feminine element of the Uni
versity and a few of their brothers
will be interested to know that (jrov
ernor liudd considers woman suf
frage the important question of the
day, after the great financial prob
lem. lie is confident that, as both
the assembly and legislature are lie
publican, the woman suffrage bill
will certainly pass. The only active
opposition to this movement in Cal
ifornia is the saloon element. A
great deal of excitement is predicted
over this question, which is rapidly
becoming a vital one. Sociology has
found that new countries are apt to
be less conservative and more sus
ceptible to the wooing of progress
than are old ones, and nowhere is
this fact more stiikingly illustrated
than in Australia, wheie women are
now permitted to vote on the same
terms with men and a seat in parlia
ment is not debarred them.
The feminine element of the Uni
versity and a few of their brothers
will be interested to know that (jrov
ernor liudd considers woman suf
frage the important question of the
day, after the great financial prob
lem. lie is confident that, as both
the assembly and legislature are lie
publican, the woman suffrage bill
will certainly pass. The only active
opposition to this movement in Cal
ifornia is the saloon element. A
great deal of excitement is predicted
over this question, which is rapidly
becoming a vital one. Sociology has
found that new countries are apt to
be less conservative and more sus
ceptible to the wooing of progress
than are old ones, and nowhere is
this fact more stiikingly illustrated
than in Australia, wheie women are
now permitted to vote on the same
terms with men and a seat in parlia
ment is not debarred them.
The feminine element of the Uni
versity and a few of their brothers
will be interested to know that (jrov
ernor liudd considers woman suf
frage the important question of the
day, after the great financial prob
lem. lie is confident that, as both
the assembly and legislature are lie
publican, the woman suffrage bill
will certainly pass. The only active
opposition to this movement in Cal
ifornia is the saloon element. A
great deal of excitement is predicted
over this question, which is rapidly
becoming a vital one. Sociology has
found that new countries are apt to
be less conservative and more sus
ceptible to the wooing of progress
than are old ones, and nowhere is
this fact more stiikingly illustrated
than in Australia, wheie women are
now permitted to vote on the same
terms with men and a seat in parlia
ment is not debarred them.
