# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—The sophomore class at the
University of California is to pro
duce a burlesque entitled "Hamam
let."
—The sophomore class at the
University of California is to pro
duce a burlesque entitled "Hamam
let."
—The sophomore class at the
University of California is to pro
duce a burlesque entitled "Hamam
let."
—The sophomore class at the
University of California is to pro
duce a burlesque entitled "Hamam
let."
—The sophomore class at the
University of California is to pro
duce a burlesque entitled "Hamam
let."
—The sophomore class at the
University of California is to pro
duce a burlesque entitled "Hamam
let."
—The sophomore class at the
University of California is to pro
duce a burlesque entitled "Hamam
let."
—The sophomore class at the
University of California is to pro
duce a burlesque entitled "Hamam
let."
