# Impatient senate seeks INF treaty compromise
## 
### 
WASHINGTON — Democratic
strategists pushing for ratification
of the medium-range missile
treaty with the Soviet Union are
prepared to compromise with Re
publicans on the issue that stands
as the principal threat to timely
approval of the agreement, Sen.
Alan Cranston, D-Calif., said yes
terday.
Cranston, the assistant Senate
majority leader and a chief author
of language that Republicans
regard as a challenge of presiden
tial treaty authority, said in an
interview that he and Foreign Re
lations Committee Chairman
Claiborne Pell, D-R.1., hope to
strike an agreement with key Re

publicans before the Senate turns
to consideration of the treaty's
Resolution of Ratification, as
early as today.
Language drafted by Cranston
during committee debate on the
treaty cites constitutional author
ity in stating that the treaty's
interpretation will be based on a
shared understanding of the Sen
ate and the executive branch of
the government and that the pact
will not be reinterpreted by a fu
ture administration.
Senate Republicans, including
those supporting the agreement,
resisted the addition of this lan
guage.
Los Angeles Times
WASHINGTON — Democratic
strategists pushing for ratification
of the medium-range missile
treaty with the Soviet Union are
prepared to compromise with Re
publicans on the issue that stands
as the principal threat to timely
approval of the agreement, Sen.
Alan Cranston, D-Calif., said yes
terday.
Cranston, the assistant Senate
majority leader and a chief author
of language that Republicans
regard as a challenge of presiden
tial treaty authority, said in an
interview that he and Foreign Re
lations Committee Chairman
Claiborne Pell, D-R.1., hope to
strike an agreement with key Re

publicans before the Senate turns
to consideration of the treaty's
Resolution of Ratification, as
early as today.
Language drafted by Cranston
during committee debate on the
treaty cites constitutional author
ity in stating that the treaty's
interpretation will be based on a
shared understanding of the Sen
ate and the executive branch of
the government and that the pact
will not be reinterpreted by a fu
ture administration.
Senate Republicans, including
those supporting the agreement,
resisted the addition of this lan
guage.
Los Angeles Times
WASHINGTON — Democratic
strategists pushing for ratification
of the medium-range missile
treaty with the Soviet Union are
prepared to compromise with Re
publicans on the issue that stands
as the principal threat to timely
approval of the agreement, Sen.
Alan Cranston, D-Calif., said yes
terday.
Cranston, the assistant Senate
majority leader and a chief author
of language that Republicans
regard as a challenge of presiden
tial treaty authority, said in an
interview that he and Foreign Re
lations Committee Chairman
Claiborne Pell, D-R.1., hope to
strike an agreement with key Re

publicans before the Senate turns
to consideration of the treaty's
Resolution of Ratification, as
early as today.
Language drafted by Cranston
during committee debate on the
treaty cites constitutional author
ity in stating that the treaty's
interpretation will be based on a
shared understanding of the Sen
ate and the executive branch of
the government and that the pact
will not be reinterpreted by a fu
ture administration.
Senate Republicans, including
those supporting the agreement,
resisted the addition of this lan
guage.
Los Angeles Times
WASHINGTON — Democratic
strategists pushing for ratification
of the medium-range missile
treaty with the Soviet Union are
prepared to compromise with Re
publicans on the issue that stands
as the principal threat to timely
approval of the agreement, Sen.
Alan Cranston, D-Calif., said yes
terday.
Cranston, the assistant Senate
majority leader and a chief author
of language that Republicans
regard as a challenge of presiden
tial treaty authority, said in an
interview that he and Foreign Re
lations Committee Chairman
Claiborne Pell, D-R.1., hope to
strike an agreement with key Re

publicans before the Senate turns
to consideration of the treaty's
Resolution of Ratification, as
early as today.
Language drafted by Cranston
during committee debate on the
treaty cites constitutional author
ity in stating that the treaty's
interpretation will be based on a
shared understanding of the Sen
ate and the executive branch of
the government and that the pact
will not be reinterpreted by a fu
ture administration.
Senate Republicans, including
those supporting the agreement,
resisted the addition of this lan
guage.
Los Angeles Times
WASHINGTON — Democratic
strategists pushing for ratification
of the medium-range missile
treaty with the Soviet Union are
prepared to compromise with Re
publicans on the issue that stands
as the principal threat to timely
approval of the agreement, Sen.
Alan Cranston, D-Calif., said yes
terday.
Cranston, the assistant Senate
majority leader and a chief author
of language that Republicans
regard as a challenge of presiden
tial treaty authority, said in an
interview that he and Foreign Re
lations Committee Chairman
Claiborne Pell, D-R.1., hope to
strike an agreement with key Re

publicans before the Senate turns
to consideration of the treaty's
Resolution of Ratification, as
early as today.
Language drafted by Cranston
during committee debate on the
treaty cites constitutional author
ity in stating that the treaty's
interpretation will be based on a
shared understanding of the Sen
ate and the executive branch of
the government and that the pact
will not be reinterpreted by a fu
ture administration.
Senate Republicans, including
those supporting the agreement,
resisted the addition of this lan
guage.
Los Angeles Times
WASHINGTON — Democratic
strategists pushing for ratification
of the medium-range missile
treaty with the Soviet Union are
prepared to compromise with Re
publicans on the issue that stands
as the principal threat to timely
approval of the agreement, Sen.
Alan Cranston, D-Calif., said yes
terday.
Cranston, the assistant Senate
majority leader and a chief author
of language that Republicans
regard as a challenge of presiden
tial treaty authority, said in an
interview that he and Foreign Re
lations Committee Chairman
Claiborne Pell, D-R.1., hope to
strike an agreement with key Re

publicans before the Senate turns
to consideration of the treaty's
Resolution of Ratification, as
early as today.
Language drafted by Cranston
during committee debate on the
treaty cites constitutional author
ity in stating that the treaty's
interpretation will be based on a
shared understanding of the Sen
ate and the executive branch of
the government and that the pact
will not be reinterpreted by a fu
ture administration.
Senate Republicans, including
those supporting the agreement,
resisted the addition of this lan
guage.
Los Angeles Times
WASHINGTON — Democratic
strategists pushing for ratification
of the medium-range missile
treaty with the Soviet Union are
prepared to compromise with Re
publicans on the issue that stands
as the principal threat to timely
approval of the agreement, Sen.
Alan Cranston, D-Calif., said yes
terday.
Cranston, the assistant Senate
majority leader and a chief author
of language that Republicans
regard as a challenge of presiden
tial treaty authority, said in an
interview that he and Foreign Re
lations Committee Chairman
Claiborne Pell, D-R.1., hope to
strike an agreement with key Re

publicans before the Senate turns
to consideration of the treaty's
Resolution of Ratification, as
early as today.
Language drafted by Cranston
during committee debate on the
treaty cites constitutional author
ity in stating that the treaty's
interpretation will be based on a
shared understanding of the Sen
ate and the executive branch of
the government and that the pact
will not be reinterpreted by a fu
ture administration.
Senate Republicans, including
those supporting the agreement,
resisted the addition of this lan
guage.
Los Angeles Times
