# 99-YARD TD
## 
### 
The longest scoring play by a
collegiate runner hist year was
a 99-yard scamper by Kansas'
Gayle Sayers, against Nebraska.
The longest scoring play by a
collegiate runner hist year was
a 99-yard scamper by Kansas'
Gayle Sayers, against Nebraska.
The longest scoring play by a
collegiate runner hist year was
a 99-yard scamper by Kansas'
Gayle Sayers, against Nebraska.
The longest scoring play by a
collegiate runner hist year was
a 99-yard scamper by Kansas'
Gayle Sayers, against Nebraska.
The longest scoring play by a
collegiate runner hist year was
a 99-yard scamper by Kansas'
Gayle Sayers, against Nebraska.
The longest scoring play by a
collegiate runner hist year was
a 99-yard scamper by Kansas'
Gayle Sayers, against Nebraska.
The longest scoring play by a
collegiate runner hist year was
a 99-yard scamper by Kansas'
Gayle Sayers, against Nebraska.
The longest scoring play by a
collegiate runner hist year was
a 99-yard scamper by Kansas'
Gayle Sayers, against Nebraska.
The longest scoring play by a
collegiate runner hist year was
a 99-yard scamper by Kansas'
Gayle Sayers, against Nebraska.
The longest scoring play by a
collegiate runner hist year was
a 99-yard scamper by Kansas'
Gayle Sayers, against Nebraska.
The longest scoring play by a
collegiate runner hist year was
a 99-yard scamper by Kansas'
Gayle Sayers, against Nebraska.
The longest scoring play by a
collegiate runner hist year was
a 99-yard scamper by Kansas'
Gayle Sayers, against Nebraska.
The longest scoring play by a
collegiate runner hist year was
a 99-yard scamper by Kansas'
Gayle Sayers, against Nebraska.
The longest scoring play by a
collegiate runner hist year was
a 99-yard scamper by Kansas'
Gayle Sayers, against Nebraska.
The longest scoring play by a
collegiate runner hist year was
a 99-yard scamper by Kansas'
Gayle Sayers, against Nebraska.
