# Untitled Article
## 
### 

MOCK ELECTlON—Students cast their ballots at the ASSU Mack
election booth at Engineering Corner. Results of the election will
be reported in The Daily next Monday.

MOCK ELECTlON—Students cast their ballots at the ASSU Mack
election booth at Engineering Corner. Results of the election will
be reported in The Daily next Monday.

MOCK ELECTlON—Students cast their ballots at the ASSU Mack
election booth at Engineering Corner. Results of the election will
be reported in The Daily next Monday.

MOCK ELECTlON—Students cast their ballots at the ASSU Mack
election booth at Engineering Corner. Results of the election will
be reported in The Daily next Monday.

MOCK ELECTlON—Students cast their ballots at the ASSU Mack
election booth at Engineering Corner. Results of the election will
be reported in The Daily next Monday.

MOCK ELECTlON—Students cast their ballots at the ASSU Mack
election booth at Engineering Corner. Results of the election will
be reported in The Daily next Monday.

MOCK ELECTlON—Students cast their ballots at the ASSU Mack
election booth at Engineering Corner. Results of the election will
be reported in The Daily next Monday.

MOCK ELECTlON—Students cast their ballots at the ASSU Mack
election booth at Engineering Corner. Results of the election will
be reported in The Daily next Monday.

MOCK ELECTlON—Students cast their ballots at the ASSU Mack
election booth at Engineering Corner. Results of the election will
be reported in The Daily next Monday.

MOCK ELECTlON—Students cast their ballots at the ASSU Mack
election booth at Engineering Corner. Results of the election will
be reported in The Daily next Monday.

MOCK ELECTlON—Students cast their ballots at the ASSU Mack
election booth at Engineering Corner. Results of the election will
be reported in The Daily next Monday.

MOCK ELECTlON—Students cast their ballots at the ASSU Mack
election booth at Engineering Corner. Results of the election will
be reported in The Daily next Monday.

MOCK ELECTlON—Students cast their ballots at the ASSU Mack
election booth at Engineering Corner. Results of the election will
be reported in The Daily next Monday.

MOCK ELECTlON—Students cast their ballots at the ASSU Mack
election booth at Engineering Corner. Results of the election will
be reported in The Daily next Monday.

MOCK ELECTlON—Students cast their ballots at the ASSU Mack
election booth at Engineering Corner. Results of the election will
be reported in The Daily next Monday.
