# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
The SPRING En
semble. Vivid color
contrasts — broad an
gles—sweeping lines—
strong effects — harsh
in detail—but effective
in ensemble. „
New Spring Suits
$35 $40 $45
PALO ALTO
The SPRING En
semble. Vivid color
contrasts — broad an
gles—sweeping lines—
strong effects — harsh
in detail—but effective
in ensemble. „
New Spring Suits
$35 $40 $45
PALO ALTO
The SPRING En
semble. Vivid color
contrasts — broad an
gles—sweeping lines—
strong effects — harsh
in detail—but effective
in ensemble. „
New Spring Suits
$35 $40 $45
PALO ALTO
The SPRING En
semble. Vivid color
contrasts — broad an
gles—sweeping lines—
strong effects — harsh
in detail—but effective
in ensemble. „
New Spring Suits
$35 $40 $45
PALO ALTO
The SPRING En
semble. Vivid color
contrasts — broad an
gles—sweeping lines—
strong effects — harsh
in detail—but effective
in ensemble. „
New Spring Suits
$35 $40 $45
PALO ALTO
The SPRING En
semble. Vivid color
contrasts — broad an
gles—sweeping lines—
strong effects — harsh
in detail—but effective
in ensemble. „
New Spring Suits
$35 $40 $45
PALO ALTO
The SPRING En
semble. Vivid color
contrasts — broad an
gles—sweeping lines—
strong effects — harsh
in detail—but effective
in ensemble. „
New Spring Suits
$35 $40 $45
PALO ALTO
The SPRING En
semble. Vivid color
contrasts — broad an
gles—sweeping lines—
strong effects — harsh
in detail—but effective
in ensemble. „
New Spring Suits
$35 $40 $45
PALO ALTO
The SPRING En
semble. Vivid color
contrasts — broad an
gles—sweeping lines—
strong effects — harsh
in detail—but effective
in ensemble. „
New Spring Suits
$35 $40 $45
PALO ALTO
The SPRING En
semble. Vivid color
contrasts — broad an
gles—sweeping lines—
strong effects — harsh
in detail—but effective
in ensemble. „
New Spring Suits
$35 $40 $45
PALO ALTO
The SPRING En
semble. Vivid color
contrasts — broad an
gles—sweeping lines—
strong effects — harsh
in detail—but effective
in ensemble. „
New Spring Suits
$35 $40 $45
PALO ALTO
The SPRING En
semble. Vivid color
contrasts — broad an
gles—sweeping lines—
strong effects — harsh
in detail—but effective
in ensemble. „
New Spring Suits
$35 $40 $45
PALO ALTO
The SPRING En
semble. Vivid color
contrasts — broad an
gles—sweeping lines—
strong effects — harsh
in detail—but effective
in ensemble. „
New Spring Suits
$35 $40 $45
PALO ALTO
The SPRING En
semble. Vivid color
contrasts — broad an
gles—sweeping lines—
strong effects — harsh
in detail—but effective
in ensemble. „
New Spring Suits
$35 $40 $45
PALO ALTO
The SPRING En
semble. Vivid color
contrasts — broad an
gles—sweeping lines—
strong effects — harsh
in detail—but effective
in ensemble. „
New Spring Suits
$35 $40 $45
PALO ALTO
The SPRING En
semble. Vivid color
contrasts — broad an
gles—sweeping lines—
strong effects — harsh
in detail—but effective
in ensemble. „
New Spring Suits
$35 $40 $45
PALO ALTO
