# Martinez Sierra Play To Feature Mystery Element
## "The Romantic Young Lady" Is Considered Comedy of Simple Excellence 
### 
"Blessed Soul of Purgatory! Breath i
of St. Barbara!" exclaims Rosario, j
played by Kathleen Fitz, in "The Ro- '
mantic Young Lady." And what young j
lady would not say the same under i
the circumstances? A man's hat flies j
into the darkened room in which she !
i
is seated alone, presaging the entry j
of the man himself. The ensuing com- i

plications furnish the main thread of
the plot for the Masquers Play which
will be presented Friday night.

Paul Pfaff is the Apparition that j
comes in and out the window. Ro-1
sario has a difficult time explaining
his actions to her curious brothers,
but she is aided by Dona Barbarita, j
her understanding grandmother.

One critic speaking of the New j
York production of Martinez Sierra's i
play said, "It is a play of simple i
excellence." The charm of the play
lies in the repartee and action, rather
than in the plot.

The University orchestra will play
music between the acts on Friday
night. "The Romantic Young Lady"
will be the only campus play for this
quarter. Tickets are obtainable in the
Old Union.
"Blessed Soul of Purgatory! Breath i
of St. Barbara!" exclaims Rosario, j
played by Kathleen Fitz, in "The Ro- '
mantic Young Lady." And what young j
lady would not say the same under i
the circumstances? A man's hat flies j
into the darkened room in which she !
i
is seated alone, presaging the entry j
of the man himself. The ensuing com- i

plications furnish the main thread of
the plot for the Masquers Play which
will be presented Friday night.

Paul Pfaff is the Apparition that j
comes in and out the window. Ro-1
sario has a difficult time explaining
his actions to her curious brothers,
but she is aided by Dona Barbarita, j
her understanding grandmother.

One critic speaking of the New j
York production of Martinez Sierra's i
play said, "It is a play of simple i
excellence." The charm of the play
lies in the repartee and action, rather
than in the plot.

The University orchestra will play
music between the acts on Friday
night. "The Romantic Young Lady"
will be the only campus play for this
quarter. Tickets are obtainable in the
Old Union.
"Blessed Soul of Purgatory! Breath i
of St. Barbara!" exclaims Rosario, j
played by Kathleen Fitz, in "The Ro- '
mantic Young Lady." And what young j
lady would not say the same under i
the circumstances? A man's hat flies j
into the darkened room in which she !
i
is seated alone, presaging the entry j
of the man himself. The ensuing com- i

plications furnish the main thread of
the plot for the Masquers Play which
will be presented Friday night.

Paul Pfaff is the Apparition that j
comes in and out the window. Ro-1
sario has a difficult time explaining
his actions to her curious brothers,
but she is aided by Dona Barbarita, j
her understanding grandmother.

One critic speaking of the New j
York production of Martinez Sierra's i
play said, "It is a play of simple i
excellence." The charm of the play
lies in the repartee and action, rather
than in the plot.

The University orchestra will play
music between the acts on Friday
night. "The Romantic Young Lady"
will be the only campus play for this
quarter. Tickets are obtainable in the
Old Union.
"Blessed Soul of Purgatory! Breath i
of St. Barbara!" exclaims Rosario, j
played by Kathleen Fitz, in "The Ro- '
mantic Young Lady." And what young j
lady would not say the same under i
the circumstances? A man's hat flies j
into the darkened room in which she !
i
is seated alone, presaging the entry j
of the man himself. The ensuing com- i

plications furnish the main thread of
the plot for the Masquers Play which
will be presented Friday night.

Paul Pfaff is the Apparition that j
comes in and out the window. Ro-1
sario has a difficult time explaining
his actions to her curious brothers,
but she is aided by Dona Barbarita, j
her understanding grandmother.

One critic speaking of the New j
York production of Martinez Sierra's i
play said, "It is a play of simple i
excellence." The charm of the play
lies in the repartee and action, rather
than in the plot.

The University orchestra will play
music between the acts on Friday
night. "The Romantic Young Lady"
will be the only campus play for this
quarter. Tickets are obtainable in the
Old Union.
"Blessed Soul of Purgatory! Breath i
of St. Barbara!" exclaims Rosario, j
played by Kathleen Fitz, in "The Ro- '
mantic Young Lady." And what young j
lady would not say the same under i
the circumstances? A man's hat flies j
into the darkened room in which she !
i
is seated alone, presaging the entry j
of the man himself. The ensuing com- i

plications furnish the main thread of
the plot for the Masquers Play which
will be presented Friday night.

Paul Pfaff is the Apparition that j
comes in and out the window. Ro-1
sario has a difficult time explaining
his actions to her curious brothers,
but she is aided by Dona Barbarita, j
her understanding grandmother.

One critic speaking of the New j
York production of Martinez Sierra's i
play said, "It is a play of simple i
excellence." The charm of the play
lies in the repartee and action, rather
than in the plot.

The University orchestra will play
music between the acts on Friday
night. "The Romantic Young Lady"
will be the only campus play for this
quarter. Tickets are obtainable in the
Old Union.
"Blessed Soul of Purgatory! Breath i
of St. Barbara!" exclaims Rosario, j
played by Kathleen Fitz, in "The Ro- '
mantic Young Lady." And what young j
lady would not say the same under i
the circumstances? A man's hat flies j
into the darkened room in which she !
i
is seated alone, presaging the entry j
of the man himself. The ensuing com- i

plications furnish the main thread of
the plot for the Masquers Play which
will be presented Friday night.

Paul Pfaff is the Apparition that j
comes in and out the window. Ro-1
sario has a difficult time explaining
his actions to her curious brothers,
but she is aided by Dona Barbarita, j
her understanding grandmother.

One critic speaking of the New j
York production of Martinez Sierra's i
play said, "It is a play of simple i
excellence." The charm of the play
lies in the repartee and action, rather
than in the plot.

The University orchestra will play
music between the acts on Friday
night. "The Romantic Young Lady"
will be the only campus play for this
quarter. Tickets are obtainable in the
Old Union.
"Blessed Soul of Purgatory! Breath i
of St. Barbara!" exclaims Rosario, j
played by Kathleen Fitz, in "The Ro- '
mantic Young Lady." And what young j
lady would not say the same under i
the circumstances? A man's hat flies j
into the darkened room in which she !
i
is seated alone, presaging the entry j
of the man himself. The ensuing com- i

plications furnish the main thread of
the plot for the Masquers Play which
will be presented Friday night.

Paul Pfaff is the Apparition that j
comes in and out the window. Ro-1
sario has a difficult time explaining
his actions to her curious brothers,
but she is aided by Dona Barbarita, j
her understanding grandmother.

One critic speaking of the New j
York production of Martinez Sierra's i
play said, "It is a play of simple i
excellence." The charm of the play
lies in the repartee and action, rather
than in the plot.

The University orchestra will play
music between the acts on Friday
night. "The Romantic Young Lady"
will be the only campus play for this
quarter. Tickets are obtainable in the
Old Union.
"Blessed Soul of Purgatory! Breath i
of St. Barbara!" exclaims Rosario, j
played by Kathleen Fitz, in "The Ro- '
mantic Young Lady." And what young j
lady would not say the same under i
the circumstances? A man's hat flies j
into the darkened room in which she !
i
is seated alone, presaging the entry j
of the man himself. The ensuing com- i

plications furnish the main thread of
the plot for the Masquers Play which
will be presented Friday night.

Paul Pfaff is the Apparition that j
comes in and out the window. Ro-1
sario has a difficult time explaining
his actions to her curious brothers,
but she is aided by Dona Barbarita, j
her understanding grandmother.

One critic speaking of the New j
York production of Martinez Sierra's i
play said, "It is a play of simple i
excellence." The charm of the play
lies in the repartee and action, rather
than in the plot.

The University orchestra will play
music between the acts on Friday
night. "The Romantic Young Lady"
will be the only campus play for this
quarter. Tickets are obtainable in the
Old Union.
"Blessed Soul of Purgatory! Breath i
of St. Barbara!" exclaims Rosario, j
played by Kathleen Fitz, in "The Ro- '
mantic Young Lady." And what young j
lady would not say the same under i
the circumstances? A man's hat flies j
into the darkened room in which she !
i
is seated alone, presaging the entry j
of the man himself. The ensuing com- i

plications furnish the main thread of
the plot for the Masquers Play which
will be presented Friday night.

Paul Pfaff is the Apparition that j
comes in and out the window. Ro-1
sario has a difficult time explaining
his actions to her curious brothers,
but she is aided by Dona Barbarita, j
her understanding grandmother.

One critic speaking of the New j
York production of Martinez Sierra's i
play said, "It is a play of simple i
excellence." The charm of the play
lies in the repartee and action, rather
than in the plot.

The University orchestra will play
music between the acts on Friday
night. "The Romantic Young Lady"
will be the only campus play for this
quarter. Tickets are obtainable in the
Old Union.
"Blessed Soul of Purgatory! Breath i
of St. Barbara!" exclaims Rosario, j
played by Kathleen Fitz, in "The Ro- '
mantic Young Lady." And what young j
lady would not say the same under i
the circumstances? A man's hat flies j
into the darkened room in which she !
i
is seated alone, presaging the entry j
of the man himself. The ensuing com- i

plications furnish the main thread of
the plot for the Masquers Play which
will be presented Friday night.

Paul Pfaff is the Apparition that j
comes in and out the window. Ro-1
sario has a difficult time explaining
his actions to her curious brothers,
but she is aided by Dona Barbarita, j
her understanding grandmother.

One critic speaking of the New j
York production of Martinez Sierra's i
play said, "It is a play of simple i
excellence." The charm of the play
lies in the repartee and action, rather
than in the plot.

The University orchestra will play
music between the acts on Friday
night. "The Romantic Young Lady"
will be the only campus play for this
quarter. Tickets are obtainable in the
Old Union.
"Blessed Soul of Purgatory! Breath i
of St. Barbara!" exclaims Rosario, j
played by Kathleen Fitz, in "The Ro- '
mantic Young Lady." And what young j
lady would not say the same under i
the circumstances? A man's hat flies j
into the darkened room in which she !
i
is seated alone, presaging the entry j
of the man himself. The ensuing com- i

plications furnish the main thread of
the plot for the Masquers Play which
will be presented Friday night.

Paul Pfaff is the Apparition that j
comes in and out the window. Ro-1
sario has a difficult time explaining
his actions to her curious brothers,
but she is aided by Dona Barbarita, j
her understanding grandmother.

One critic speaking of the New j
York production of Martinez Sierra's i
play said, "It is a play of simple i
excellence." The charm of the play
lies in the repartee and action, rather
than in the plot.

The University orchestra will play
music between the acts on Friday
night. "The Romantic Young Lady"
will be the only campus play for this
quarter. Tickets are obtainable in the
Old Union.
"Blessed Soul of Purgatory! Breath i
of St. Barbara!" exclaims Rosario, j
played by Kathleen Fitz, in "The Ro- '
mantic Young Lady." And what young j
lady would not say the same under i
the circumstances? A man's hat flies j
into the darkened room in which she !
i
is seated alone, presaging the entry j
of the man himself. The ensuing com- i

plications furnish the main thread of
the plot for the Masquers Play which
will be presented Friday night.

Paul Pfaff is the Apparition that j
comes in and out the window. Ro-1
sario has a difficult time explaining
his actions to her curious brothers,
but she is aided by Dona Barbarita, j
her understanding grandmother.

One critic speaking of the New j
York production of Martinez Sierra's i
play said, "It is a play of simple i
excellence." The charm of the play
lies in the repartee and action, rather
than in the plot.

The University orchestra will play
music between the acts on Friday
night. "The Romantic Young Lady"
will be the only campus play for this
quarter. Tickets are obtainable in the
Old Union.
"Blessed Soul of Purgatory! Breath i
of St. Barbara!" exclaims Rosario, j
played by Kathleen Fitz, in "The Ro- '
mantic Young Lady." And what young j
lady would not say the same under i
the circumstances? A man's hat flies j
into the darkened room in which she !
i
is seated alone, presaging the entry j
of the man himself. The ensuing com- i

plications furnish the main thread of
the plot for the Masquers Play which
will be presented Friday night.

Paul Pfaff is the Apparition that j
comes in and out the window. Ro-1
sario has a difficult time explaining
his actions to her curious brothers,
but she is aided by Dona Barbarita, j
her understanding grandmother.

One critic speaking of the New j
York production of Martinez Sierra's i
play said, "It is a play of simple i
excellence." The charm of the play
lies in the repartee and action, rather
than in the plot.

The University orchestra will play
music between the acts on Friday
night. "The Romantic Young Lady"
will be the only campus play for this
quarter. Tickets are obtainable in the
Old Union.
"Blessed Soul of Purgatory! Breath i
of St. Barbara!" exclaims Rosario, j
played by Kathleen Fitz, in "The Ro- '
mantic Young Lady." And what young j
lady would not say the same under i
the circumstances? A man's hat flies j
into the darkened room in which she !
i
is seated alone, presaging the entry j
of the man himself. The ensuing com- i

plications furnish the main thread of
the plot for the Masquers Play which
will be presented Friday night.

Paul Pfaff is the Apparition that j
comes in and out the window. Ro-1
sario has a difficult time explaining
his actions to her curious brothers,
but she is aided by Dona Barbarita, j
her understanding grandmother.

One critic speaking of the New j
York production of Martinez Sierra's i
play said, "It is a play of simple i
excellence." The charm of the play
lies in the repartee and action, rather
than in the plot.

The University orchestra will play
music between the acts on Friday
night. "The Romantic Young Lady"
will be the only campus play for this
quarter. Tickets are obtainable in the
Old Union.
"Blessed Soul of Purgatory! Breath i
of St. Barbara!" exclaims Rosario, j
played by Kathleen Fitz, in "The Ro- '
mantic Young Lady." And what young j
lady would not say the same under i
the circumstances? A man's hat flies j
into the darkened room in which she !
i
is seated alone, presaging the entry j
of the man himself. The ensuing com- i

plications furnish the main thread of
the plot for the Masquers Play which
will be presented Friday night.

Paul Pfaff is the Apparition that j
comes in and out the window. Ro-1
sario has a difficult time explaining
his actions to her curious brothers,
but she is aided by Dona Barbarita, j
her understanding grandmother.

One critic speaking of the New j
York production of Martinez Sierra's i
play said, "It is a play of simple i
excellence." The charm of the play
lies in the repartee and action, rather
than in the plot.

The University orchestra will play
music between the acts on Friday
night. "The Romantic Young Lady"
will be the only campus play for this
quarter. Tickets are obtainable in the
Old Union.
"Blessed Soul of Purgatory! Breath i
of St. Barbara!" exclaims Rosario, j
played by Kathleen Fitz, in "The Ro- '
mantic Young Lady." And what young j
lady would not say the same under i
the circumstances? A man's hat flies j
into the darkened room in which she !
i
is seated alone, presaging the entry j
of the man himself. The ensuing com- i

plications furnish the main thread of
the plot for the Masquers Play which
will be presented Friday night.

Paul Pfaff is the Apparition that j
comes in and out the window. Ro-1
sario has a difficult time explaining
his actions to her curious brothers,
but she is aided by Dona Barbarita, j
her understanding grandmother.

One critic speaking of the New j
York production of Martinez Sierra's i
play said, "It is a play of simple i
excellence." The charm of the play
lies in the repartee and action, rather
than in the plot.

The University orchestra will play
music between the acts on Friday
night. "The Romantic Young Lady"
will be the only campus play for this
quarter. Tickets are obtainable in the
Old Union.
