# ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
Notices for this column should be hamletl in
at the Stanford Daily office by 9 o'clock of
the evening preceding publication,
WEDNESDAY
12:15 p.m.—Cosmopolitan Club will
hold their regular International 1
Luncheon today in the dining hall!
of the Stanford Union.
1:15 p.m.—Sword and Sandals picture
for 1!>28 Quad will be retaken. All
members please be present.
7:00 p.m.—Women's Glee Club will
meet in the Women's Clubhouse.
7:30 p.m.—The Esperanto Club will
hold a meeting in the Women's
Clubhouse to which everyone inter
ested is invited.
8:15 p.m.—Members of the English
Club will meet at the home of Pro
fesor Henry Lanz, Palo Alto.
Members without cars should meet
in front of the Women's Clubhouse
at 8 o'clock.
8:15 p.m.—French Plays, in the Little
Theatre: "La Maine Leste" and
"Deaux Couverts." Benefit perform
ance under the auspices of the
French Club.
4:00 to 6:00 p.m.—Miss Olivia Boe
zinger will be at home informally
to women of the University in the
house formerly occupied by Dean
Yost.
THURSDAY
3:00 p.m.—The Stanford Dames will
meet at the home of Mrs. Marion
Kirkwood, 249 Lowell, Palo Alto,
for a social time. The children are
also invited.
4:15 p.m.—Organ Recital by Warren
I). Allen in the Memorial Church.
6:45 p.m.— Freshman Y.W.C.A. Cabi
net will meet at Iloble.
7:00 p.m.—Senior jolly-up and class
meeting in the Women's Clubhouse.
Important discussion of cl&ss busi
ness.
7:30 p.m.—Thursday Evening Confer
ence at the home of Dr. Jordan.
8:00 p.m.—Women's Debate in the
Little Theatre. Mills College vs.
Stanford.
FRIDAY
7:30 p.m.—Ushers will report at the
Assembly Hall for the Marquers
Play.
8:15 p.m.—"The Romantic Young
Lady," in the Assembly Hall under
the auspices of Masquers Society.
MISCELLANEOUS
Seats will continue to be sold for
"The Romantic Young Lady" to be
given March 2, at the office of the
Dramatic Council, in the Old Union.
The management of the Stanford
Literary Magazine announces that
there will be no March issue. Those
desiring refunds on their subscrip
tions for one month may call at the
Lit office between 1 and 2 o'clock
Wednesday afternoon.
Men, now living in Encina, who wish
to reserve their rooms for Spring
Quarter, should do so at the Dean
of Men's Office today, Thursday,
and Friday.
