# PROFESSOR ESPINOSA MADE AN EDITOR OF FOLKLORE MAGAZINE
## 
### 
Professor A. M. Espinosa, Assistant
Professor of Romanic Languages, has
been honored with election to the
Editorial Committee of the Journal of
American Folklore. Among other
members of the editorial board are
Professor Franz Boos, Columbia Uni
versity, and Professor G. L. Kittredge
of Harvard. The publication, as its
name indicates, is devoted to the
furtherance of the study of American
folklore.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, Assistant
Professor of Romanic Languages, has
been honored with election to the
Editorial Committee of the Journal of
American Folklore. Among other
members of the editorial board are
Professor Franz Boos, Columbia Uni
versity, and Professor G. L. Kittredge
of Harvard. The publication, as its
name indicates, is devoted to the
furtherance of the study of American
folklore.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, Assistant
Professor of Romanic Languages, has
been honored with election to the
Editorial Committee of the Journal of
American Folklore. Among other
members of the editorial board are
Professor Franz Boos, Columbia Uni
versity, and Professor G. L. Kittredge
of Harvard. The publication, as its
name indicates, is devoted to the
furtherance of the study of American
folklore.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, Assistant
Professor of Romanic Languages, has
been honored with election to the
Editorial Committee of the Journal of
American Folklore. Among other
members of the editorial board are
Professor Franz Boos, Columbia Uni
versity, and Professor G. L. Kittredge
of Harvard. The publication, as its
name indicates, is devoted to the
furtherance of the study of American
folklore.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, Assistant
Professor of Romanic Languages, has
been honored with election to the
Editorial Committee of the Journal of
American Folklore. Among other
members of the editorial board are
Professor Franz Boos, Columbia Uni
versity, and Professor G. L. Kittredge
of Harvard. The publication, as its
name indicates, is devoted to the
furtherance of the study of American
folklore.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, Assistant
Professor of Romanic Languages, has
been honored with election to the
Editorial Committee of the Journal of
American Folklore. Among other
members of the editorial board are
Professor Franz Boos, Columbia Uni
versity, and Professor G. L. Kittredge
of Harvard. The publication, as its
name indicates, is devoted to the
furtherance of the study of American
folklore.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, Assistant
Professor of Romanic Languages, has
been honored with election to the
Editorial Committee of the Journal of
American Folklore. Among other
members of the editorial board are
Professor Franz Boos, Columbia Uni
versity, and Professor G. L. Kittredge
of Harvard. The publication, as its
name indicates, is devoted to the
furtherance of the study of American
folklore.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, Assistant
Professor of Romanic Languages, has
been honored with election to the
Editorial Committee of the Journal of
American Folklore. Among other
members of the editorial board are
Professor Franz Boos, Columbia Uni
versity, and Professor G. L. Kittredge
of Harvard. The publication, as its
name indicates, is devoted to the
furtherance of the study of American
folklore.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, Assistant
Professor of Romanic Languages, has
been honored with election to the
Editorial Committee of the Journal of
American Folklore. Among other
members of the editorial board are
Professor Franz Boos, Columbia Uni
versity, and Professor G. L. Kittredge
of Harvard. The publication, as its
name indicates, is devoted to the
furtherance of the study of American
folklore.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, Assistant
Professor of Romanic Languages, has
been honored with election to the
Editorial Committee of the Journal of
American Folklore. Among other
members of the editorial board are
Professor Franz Boos, Columbia Uni
versity, and Professor G. L. Kittredge
of Harvard. The publication, as its
name indicates, is devoted to the
furtherance of the study of American
folklore.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, Assistant
Professor of Romanic Languages, has
been honored with election to the
Editorial Committee of the Journal of
American Folklore. Among other
members of the editorial board are
Professor Franz Boos, Columbia Uni
versity, and Professor G. L. Kittredge
of Harvard. The publication, as its
name indicates, is devoted to the
furtherance of the study of American
folklore.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, Assistant
Professor of Romanic Languages, has
been honored with election to the
Editorial Committee of the Journal of
American Folklore. Among other
members of the editorial board are
Professor Franz Boos, Columbia Uni
versity, and Professor G. L. Kittredge
of Harvard. The publication, as its
name indicates, is devoted to the
furtherance of the study of American
folklore.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, Assistant
Professor of Romanic Languages, has
been honored with election to the
Editorial Committee of the Journal of
American Folklore. Among other
members of the editorial board are
Professor Franz Boos, Columbia Uni
versity, and Professor G. L. Kittredge
of Harvard. The publication, as its
name indicates, is devoted to the
furtherance of the study of American
folklore.
