# Notice
## 
### 
A1 juniors and seniors who wish
to play on their class teams in the
interclass soccer series are asked to
report to Bill Swayne or Ralph Ilowe
today or tomorrow. The juniors and
seniors will play tomorrow at 4:30 on
the soccer field.

A report just issued by the United
States Department of Agriculture
shows nearly 5,000,000 cattle under
supervision for the eradication of tu
berculosis.
A1 juniors and seniors who wish
to play on their class teams in the
interclass soccer series are asked to
report to Bill Swayne or Ralph Ilowe
today or tomorrow. The juniors and
seniors will play tomorrow at 4:30 on
the soccer field.

A report just issued by the United
States Department of Agriculture
shows nearly 5,000,000 cattle under
supervision for the eradication of tu
berculosis.
A1 juniors and seniors who wish
to play on their class teams in the
interclass soccer series are asked to
report to Bill Swayne or Ralph Ilowe
today or tomorrow. The juniors and
seniors will play tomorrow at 4:30 on
the soccer field.

A report just issued by the United
States Department of Agriculture
shows nearly 5,000,000 cattle under
supervision for the eradication of tu
berculosis.
A1 juniors and seniors who wish
to play on their class teams in the
interclass soccer series are asked to
report to Bill Swayne or Ralph Ilowe
today or tomorrow. The juniors and
seniors will play tomorrow at 4:30 on
the soccer field.

A report just issued by the United
States Department of Agriculture
shows nearly 5,000,000 cattle under
supervision for the eradication of tu
berculosis.
A1 juniors and seniors who wish
to play on their class teams in the
interclass soccer series are asked to
report to Bill Swayne or Ralph Ilowe
today or tomorrow. The juniors and
seniors will play tomorrow at 4:30 on
the soccer field.

A report just issued by the United
States Department of Agriculture
shows nearly 5,000,000 cattle under
supervision for the eradication of tu
berculosis.
A1 juniors and seniors who wish
to play on their class teams in the
interclass soccer series are asked to
report to Bill Swayne or Ralph Ilowe
today or tomorrow. The juniors and
seniors will play tomorrow at 4:30 on
the soccer field.

A report just issued by the United
States Department of Agriculture
shows nearly 5,000,000 cattle under
supervision for the eradication of tu
berculosis.
A1 juniors and seniors who wish
to play on their class teams in the
interclass soccer series are asked to
report to Bill Swayne or Ralph Ilowe
today or tomorrow. The juniors and
seniors will play tomorrow at 4:30 on
the soccer field.

A report just issued by the United
States Department of Agriculture
shows nearly 5,000,000 cattle under
supervision for the eradication of tu
berculosis.
A1 juniors and seniors who wish
to play on their class teams in the
interclass soccer series are asked to
report to Bill Swayne or Ralph Ilowe
today or tomorrow. The juniors and
seniors will play tomorrow at 4:30 on
the soccer field.

A report just issued by the United
States Department of Agriculture
shows nearly 5,000,000 cattle under
supervision for the eradication of tu
berculosis.
A1 juniors and seniors who wish
to play on their class teams in the
interclass soccer series are asked to
report to Bill Swayne or Ralph Ilowe
today or tomorrow. The juniors and
seniors will play tomorrow at 4:30 on
the soccer field.

A report just issued by the United
States Department of Agriculture
shows nearly 5,000,000 cattle under
supervision for the eradication of tu
berculosis.
A1 juniors and seniors who wish
to play on their class teams in the
interclass soccer series are asked to
report to Bill Swayne or Ralph Ilowe
today or tomorrow. The juniors and
seniors will play tomorrow at 4:30 on
the soccer field.

A report just issued by the United
States Department of Agriculture
shows nearly 5,000,000 cattle under
supervision for the eradication of tu
berculosis.
A1 juniors and seniors who wish
to play on their class teams in the
interclass soccer series are asked to
report to Bill Swayne or Ralph Ilowe
today or tomorrow. The juniors and
seniors will play tomorrow at 4:30 on
the soccer field.

A report just issued by the United
States Department of Agriculture
shows nearly 5,000,000 cattle under
supervision for the eradication of tu
berculosis.
A1 juniors and seniors who wish
to play on their class teams in the
interclass soccer series are asked to
report to Bill Swayne or Ralph Ilowe
today or tomorrow. The juniors and
seniors will play tomorrow at 4:30 on
the soccer field.

A report just issued by the United
States Department of Agriculture
shows nearly 5,000,000 cattle under
supervision for the eradication of tu
berculosis.
A1 juniors and seniors who wish
to play on their class teams in the
interclass soccer series are asked to
report to Bill Swayne or Ralph Ilowe
today or tomorrow. The juniors and
seniors will play tomorrow at 4:30 on
the soccer field.

A report just issued by the United
States Department of Agriculture
shows nearly 5,000,000 cattle under
supervision for the eradication of tu
berculosis.
A1 juniors and seniors who wish
to play on their class teams in the
interclass soccer series are asked to
report to Bill Swayne or Ralph Ilowe
today or tomorrow. The juniors and
seniors will play tomorrow at 4:30 on
the soccer field.

A report just issued by the United
States Department of Agriculture
shows nearly 5,000,000 cattle under
supervision for the eradication of tu
berculosis.
A1 juniors and seniors who wish
to play on their class teams in the
interclass soccer series are asked to
report to Bill Swayne or Ralph Ilowe
today or tomorrow. The juniors and
seniors will play tomorrow at 4:30 on
the soccer field.

A report just issued by the United
States Department of Agriculture
shows nearly 5,000,000 cattle under
supervision for the eradication of tu
berculosis.
