# Untitled Article
## 
### 
All
It's all over, Call
Stanford will destroy
Berkeley in Big Game.
Sports, page 7

right
Diversions discusses
Stanford's football
rites.
Diversions, page 10

now
Josh Gohlke lists
the side effects of living
now in Texas.
Opinions, page 4

Weather
Today: Sunny,
morning fog. Highs
near 80.
Weekend: Sunr ,
perfect for a Weenie
roast.


All
It's all over, Call
Stanford will destroy
Berkeley in Big Game.
Sports, page 7

right
Diversions discusses
Stanford's football
rites.
Diversions, page 10

now
Josh Gohlke lists
the side effects of living
now in Texas.
Opinions, page 4

Weather
Today: Sunny,
morning fog. Highs
near 80.
Weekend: Sunr ,
perfect for a Weenie
roast.


All
It's all over, Call
Stanford will destroy
Berkeley in Big Game.
Sports, page 7

right
Diversions discusses
Stanford's football
rites.
Diversions, page 10

now
Josh Gohlke lists
the side effects of living
now in Texas.
Opinions, page 4

Weather
Today: Sunny,
morning fog. Highs
near 80.
Weekend: Sunr ,
perfect for a Weenie
roast.


All
It's all over, Call
Stanford will destroy
Berkeley in Big Game.
Sports, page 7

right
Diversions discusses
Stanford's football
rites.
Diversions, page 10

now
Josh Gohlke lists
the side effects of living
now in Texas.
Opinions, page 4

Weather
Today: Sunny,
morning fog. Highs
near 80.
Weekend: Sunr ,
perfect for a Weenie
roast.


All
It's all over, Call
Stanford will destroy
Berkeley in Big Game.
Sports, page 7

right
Diversions discusses
Stanford's football
rites.
Diversions, page 10

now
Josh Gohlke lists
the side effects of living
now in Texas.
Opinions, page 4

Weather
Today: Sunny,
morning fog. Highs
near 80.
Weekend: Sunr ,
perfect for a Weenie
roast.


All
It's all over, Call
Stanford will destroy
Berkeley in Big Game.
Sports, page 7

right
Diversions discusses
Stanford's football
rites.
Diversions, page 10

now
Josh Gohlke lists
the side effects of living
now in Texas.
Opinions, page 4

Weather
Today: Sunny,
morning fog. Highs
near 80.
Weekend: Sunr ,
perfect for a Weenie
roast.


All
It's all over, Call
Stanford will destroy
Berkeley in Big Game.
Sports, page 7

right
Diversions discusses
Stanford's football
rites.
Diversions, page 10

now
Josh Gohlke lists
the side effects of living
now in Texas.
Opinions, page 4

Weather
Today: Sunny,
morning fog. Highs
near 80.
Weekend: Sunr ,
perfect for a Weenie
roast.


