# CIVIL SERVICE MEETS ON STATE PRINT ROW
## Carlton Johnson, Proofroom Head, in State Printery Up for Inefficiency 
### 
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 4—A meeting
of the civil service commission was to
be held here today relative to the
charges of insubordination and ineffic
iency brought against Carleton Johnson,
ousted head of the state printery proof
room.
A statement issued by the commission
asserted the meeting is not for the pur
pose of discussing whether the charges
shall be dropped, but to determine the
scope of the accusations against John
son. Linked with the charges against
Johnson are accusations of a sensational
nature against State Printer Robert L.
Telfer, concerning the alleged "enter
taining" by women employes. Telfer
recently resigned.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 4—A meeting
of the civil service commission was to
be held here today relative to the
charges of insubordination and ineffic
iency brought against Carleton Johnson,
ousted head of the state printery proof
room.
A statement issued by the commission
asserted the meeting is not for the pur
pose of discussing whether the charges
shall be dropped, but to determine the
scope of the accusations against John
son. Linked with the charges against
Johnson are accusations of a sensational
nature against State Printer Robert L.
Telfer, concerning the alleged "enter
taining" by women employes. Telfer
recently resigned.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 4—A meeting
of the civil service commission was to
be held here today relative to the
charges of insubordination and ineffic
iency brought against Carleton Johnson,
ousted head of the state printery proof
room.
A statement issued by the commission
asserted the meeting is not for the pur
pose of discussing whether the charges
shall be dropped, but to determine the
scope of the accusations against John
son. Linked with the charges against
Johnson are accusations of a sensational
nature against State Printer Robert L.
Telfer, concerning the alleged "enter
taining" by women employes. Telfer
recently resigned.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 4—A meeting
of the civil service commission was to
be held here today relative to the
charges of insubordination and ineffic
iency brought against Carleton Johnson,
ousted head of the state printery proof
room.
A statement issued by the commission
asserted the meeting is not for the pur
pose of discussing whether the charges
shall be dropped, but to determine the
scope of the accusations against John
son. Linked with the charges against
Johnson are accusations of a sensational
nature against State Printer Robert L.
Telfer, concerning the alleged "enter
taining" by women employes. Telfer
recently resigned.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 4—A meeting
of the civil service commission was to
be held here today relative to the
charges of insubordination and ineffic
iency brought against Carleton Johnson,
ousted head of the state printery proof
room.
A statement issued by the commission
asserted the meeting is not for the pur
pose of discussing whether the charges
shall be dropped, but to determine the
scope of the accusations against John
son. Linked with the charges against
Johnson are accusations of a sensational
nature against State Printer Robert L.
Telfer, concerning the alleged "enter
taining" by women employes. Telfer
recently resigned.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 4—A meeting
of the civil service commission was to
be held here today relative to the
charges of insubordination and ineffic
iency brought against Carleton Johnson,
ousted head of the state printery proof
room.
A statement issued by the commission
asserted the meeting is not for the pur
pose of discussing whether the charges
shall be dropped, but to determine the
scope of the accusations against John
son. Linked with the charges against
Johnson are accusations of a sensational
nature against State Printer Robert L.
Telfer, concerning the alleged "enter
taining" by women employes. Telfer
recently resigned.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 4—A meeting
of the civil service commission was to
be held here today relative to the
charges of insubordination and ineffic
iency brought against Carleton Johnson,
ousted head of the state printery proof
room.
A statement issued by the commission
asserted the meeting is not for the pur
pose of discussing whether the charges
shall be dropped, but to determine the
scope of the accusations against John
son. Linked with the charges against
Johnson are accusations of a sensational
nature against State Printer Robert L.
Telfer, concerning the alleged "enter
taining" by women employes. Telfer
recently resigned.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 4—A meeting
of the civil service commission was to
be held here today relative to the
charges of insubordination and ineffic
iency brought against Carleton Johnson,
ousted head of the state printery proof
room.
A statement issued by the commission
asserted the meeting is not for the pur
pose of discussing whether the charges
shall be dropped, but to determine the
scope of the accusations against John
son. Linked with the charges against
Johnson are accusations of a sensational
nature against State Printer Robert L.
Telfer, concerning the alleged "enter
taining" by women employes. Telfer
recently resigned.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 4—A meeting
of the civil service commission was to
be held here today relative to the
charges of insubordination and ineffic
iency brought against Carleton Johnson,
ousted head of the state printery proof
room.
A statement issued by the commission
asserted the meeting is not for the pur
pose of discussing whether the charges
shall be dropped, but to determine the
scope of the accusations against John
son. Linked with the charges against
Johnson are accusations of a sensational
nature against State Printer Robert L.
Telfer, concerning the alleged "enter
taining" by women employes. Telfer
recently resigned.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 4—A meeting
of the civil service commission was to
be held here today relative to the
charges of insubordination and ineffic
iency brought against Carleton Johnson,
ousted head of the state printery proof
room.
A statement issued by the commission
asserted the meeting is not for the pur
pose of discussing whether the charges
shall be dropped, but to determine the
scope of the accusations against John
son. Linked with the charges against
Johnson are accusations of a sensational
nature against State Printer Robert L.
Telfer, concerning the alleged "enter
taining" by women employes. Telfer
recently resigned.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 4—A meeting
of the civil service commission was to
be held here today relative to the
charges of insubordination and ineffic
iency brought against Carleton Johnson,
ousted head of the state printery proof
room.
A statement issued by the commission
asserted the meeting is not for the pur
pose of discussing whether the charges
shall be dropped, but to determine the
scope of the accusations against John
son. Linked with the charges against
Johnson are accusations of a sensational
nature against State Printer Robert L.
Telfer, concerning the alleged "enter
taining" by women employes. Telfer
recently resigned.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 4—A meeting
of the civil service commission was to
be held here today relative to the
charges of insubordination and ineffic
iency brought against Carleton Johnson,
ousted head of the state printery proof
room.
A statement issued by the commission
asserted the meeting is not for the pur
pose of discussing whether the charges
shall be dropped, but to determine the
scope of the accusations against John
son. Linked with the charges against
Johnson are accusations of a sensational
nature against State Printer Robert L.
Telfer, concerning the alleged "enter
taining" by women employes. Telfer
recently resigned.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 4—A meeting
of the civil service commission was to
be held here today relative to the
charges of insubordination and ineffic
iency brought against Carleton Johnson,
ousted head of the state printery proof
room.
A statement issued by the commission
asserted the meeting is not for the pur
pose of discussing whether the charges
shall be dropped, but to determine the
scope of the accusations against John
son. Linked with the charges against
Johnson are accusations of a sensational
nature against State Printer Robert L.
Telfer, concerning the alleged "enter
taining" by women employes. Telfer
recently resigned.
