# STATE MINERALOGIST BEGINS RELIEF TOUR
## 
### United Press 
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 4â€” State
Mineralogist Fletcher Hamilton has
started on an extended tour of the state
in the interest of the proposed measure
for relief of the gold mining industry
and for the purpose of stimulating de
velopment of California's mineral re
sources. Accompanying him is W. W.
Thayer, secretary of the state mining
bureau. The trip will occupy at least
a month and a half and will take them
through practically every county in Cal
ifornia.
The two plan to meet local business
men in the state's commercial centers to
interest them in the "future of mining.
Prospects look bright for the industry,
they said, except for gold, the out put
of which has declined until the danger
point almost has been reached. The
reason for this is that costs of operation
have doubled while the selling price of
gold remains the same, as fixed by law.
