# JOURNAL CLUB
## 
### 
Donald E. White of the United
States Geological Survey will pre
sent a movie at 4 p.m. today in
Room 320 in the Geology Building
ion vulcanism in Iceland. All stu
i dents are invited to attend.
Donald E. White of the United
States Geological Survey will pre
sent a movie at 4 p.m. today in
Room 320 in the Geology Building
ion vulcanism in Iceland. All stu
i dents are invited to attend.
Donald E. White of the United
States Geological Survey will pre
sent a movie at 4 p.m. today in
Room 320 in the Geology Building
ion vulcanism in Iceland. All stu
i dents are invited to attend.
Donald E. White of the United
States Geological Survey will pre
sent a movie at 4 p.m. today in
Room 320 in the Geology Building
ion vulcanism in Iceland. All stu
i dents are invited to attend.
Donald E. White of the United
States Geological Survey will pre
sent a movie at 4 p.m. today in
Room 320 in the Geology Building
ion vulcanism in Iceland. All stu
i dents are invited to attend.
Donald E. White of the United
States Geological Survey will pre
sent a movie at 4 p.m. today in
Room 320 in the Geology Building
ion vulcanism in Iceland. All stu
i dents are invited to attend.
Donald E. White of the United
States Geological Survey will pre
sent a movie at 4 p.m. today in
Room 320 in the Geology Building
ion vulcanism in Iceland. All stu
i dents are invited to attend.
Donald E. White of the United
States Geological Survey will pre
sent a movie at 4 p.m. today in
Room 320 in the Geology Building
ion vulcanism in Iceland. All stu
i dents are invited to attend.
Donald E. White of the United
States Geological Survey will pre
sent a movie at 4 p.m. today in
Room 320 in the Geology Building
ion vulcanism in Iceland. All stu
i dents are invited to attend.
Donald E. White of the United
States Geological Survey will pre
sent a movie at 4 p.m. today in
Room 320 in the Geology Building
ion vulcanism in Iceland. All stu
i dents are invited to attend.
Donald E. White of the United
States Geological Survey will pre
sent a movie at 4 p.m. today in
Room 320 in the Geology Building
ion vulcanism in Iceland. All stu
i dents are invited to attend.
Donald E. White of the United
States Geological Survey will pre
sent a movie at 4 p.m. today in
Room 320 in the Geology Building
ion vulcanism in Iceland. All stu
i dents are invited to attend.
Donald E. White of the United
States Geological Survey will pre
sent a movie at 4 p.m. today in
Room 320 in the Geology Building
ion vulcanism in Iceland. All stu
i dents are invited to attend.
Donald E. White of the United
States Geological Survey will pre
sent a movie at 4 p.m. today in
Room 320 in the Geology Building
ion vulcanism in Iceland. All stu
i dents are invited to attend.
