# Medical Center Receives Funds
## 
### 
Stanford has been awarded
$175,000 by the Max C. Fleisch
mann Foundation of Nevada,
President Wallace Sterling an
nounced this week. $150,000 will
go to the Medical Center Fund,
and $25,000 to the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
Stanford has been awarded
$175,000 by the Max C. Fleisch
mann Foundation of Nevada,
President Wallace Sterling an
nounced this week. $150,000 will
go to the Medical Center Fund,
and $25,000 to the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
Stanford has been awarded
$175,000 by the Max C. Fleisch
mann Foundation of Nevada,
President Wallace Sterling an
nounced this week. $150,000 will
go to the Medical Center Fund,
and $25,000 to the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
Stanford has been awarded
$175,000 by the Max C. Fleisch
mann Foundation of Nevada,
President Wallace Sterling an
nounced this week. $150,000 will
go to the Medical Center Fund,
and $25,000 to the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
Stanford has been awarded
$175,000 by the Max C. Fleisch
mann Foundation of Nevada,
President Wallace Sterling an
nounced this week. $150,000 will
go to the Medical Center Fund,
and $25,000 to the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
Stanford has been awarded
$175,000 by the Max C. Fleisch
mann Foundation of Nevada,
President Wallace Sterling an
nounced this week. $150,000 will
go to the Medical Center Fund,
and $25,000 to the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
Stanford has been awarded
$175,000 by the Max C. Fleisch
mann Foundation of Nevada,
President Wallace Sterling an
nounced this week. $150,000 will
go to the Medical Center Fund,
and $25,000 to the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
Stanford has been awarded
$175,000 by the Max C. Fleisch
mann Foundation of Nevada,
President Wallace Sterling an
nounced this week. $150,000 will
go to the Medical Center Fund,
and $25,000 to the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
Stanford has been awarded
$175,000 by the Max C. Fleisch
mann Foundation of Nevada,
President Wallace Sterling an
nounced this week. $150,000 will
go to the Medical Center Fund,
and $25,000 to the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
Stanford has been awarded
$175,000 by the Max C. Fleisch
mann Foundation of Nevada,
President Wallace Sterling an
nounced this week. $150,000 will
go to the Medical Center Fund,
and $25,000 to the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
Stanford has been awarded
$175,000 by the Max C. Fleisch
mann Foundation of Nevada,
President Wallace Sterling an
nounced this week. $150,000 will
go to the Medical Center Fund,
and $25,000 to the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
Stanford has been awarded
$175,000 by the Max C. Fleisch
mann Foundation of Nevada,
President Wallace Sterling an
nounced this week. $150,000 will
go to the Medical Center Fund,
and $25,000 to the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
Stanford has been awarded
$175,000 by the Max C. Fleisch
mann Foundation of Nevada,
President Wallace Sterling an
nounced this week. $150,000 will
go to the Medical Center Fund,
and $25,000 to the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
Stanford has been awarded
$175,000 by the Max C. Fleisch
mann Foundation of Nevada,
President Wallace Sterling an
nounced this week. $150,000 will
go to the Medical Center Fund,
and $25,000 to the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
Stanford has been awarded
$175,000 by the Max C. Fleisch
mann Foundation of Nevada,
President Wallace Sterling an
nounced this week. $150,000 will
go to the Medical Center Fund,
and $25,000 to the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
Stanford has been awarded
$175,000 by the Max C. Fleisch
mann Foundation of Nevada,
President Wallace Sterling an
nounced this week. $150,000 will
go to the Medical Center Fund,
and $25,000 to the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
Stanford has been awarded
$175,000 by the Max C. Fleisch
mann Foundation of Nevada,
President Wallace Sterling an
nounced this week. $150,000 will
go to the Medical Center Fund,
and $25,000 to the Hoover Insti
tution on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
