# Biz Talks
## 
### 
J. Burke Knapp, vice-president
of the International Bank for
Reconstruction and Develop
ment, speaks on "The Threat
of Inflation in the Underdevel
oped World" at the 18th Stan
ford Business Conference, July
19-22. Twelve individual speak
ers and four panels discussed
the conference , theme, "Eco
nomic Growth and Inflation,"
before more than 400 business,
government, labor and educa
tion officials.

J. Burke Knapp, vice-president
of the International Bank for
Reconstruction and Develop
ment, speaks on "The Threat
of Inflation in the Underdevel
oped World" at the 18th Stan
ford Business Conference, July
19-22. Twelve individual speak
ers and four panels discussed
the conference , theme, "Eco
nomic Growth and Inflation,"
before more than 400 business,
government, labor and educa
tion officials.

J. Burke Knapp, vice-president
of the International Bank for
Reconstruction and Develop
ment, speaks on "The Threat
of Inflation in the Underdevel
oped World" at the 18th Stan
ford Business Conference, July
19-22. Twelve individual speak
ers and four panels discussed
the conference , theme, "Eco
nomic Growth and Inflation,"
before more than 400 business,
government, labor and educa
tion officials.

J. Burke Knapp, vice-president
of the International Bank for
Reconstruction and Develop
ment, speaks on "The Threat
of Inflation in the Underdevel
oped World" at the 18th Stan
ford Business Conference, July
19-22. Twelve individual speak
ers and four panels discussed
the conference , theme, "Eco
nomic Growth and Inflation,"
before more than 400 business,
government, labor and educa
tion officials.

J. Burke Knapp, vice-president
of the International Bank for
Reconstruction and Develop
ment, speaks on "The Threat
of Inflation in the Underdevel
oped World" at the 18th Stan
ford Business Conference, July
19-22. Twelve individual speak
ers and four panels discussed
the conference , theme, "Eco
nomic Growth and Inflation,"
before more than 400 business,
government, labor and educa
tion officials.

J. Burke Knapp, vice-president
of the International Bank for
Reconstruction and Develop
ment, speaks on "The Threat
of Inflation in the Underdevel
oped World" at the 18th Stan
ford Business Conference, July
19-22. Twelve individual speak
ers and four panels discussed
the conference , theme, "Eco
nomic Growth and Inflation,"
before more than 400 business,
government, labor and educa
tion officials.

J. Burke Knapp, vice-president
of the International Bank for
Reconstruction and Develop
ment, speaks on "The Threat
of Inflation in the Underdevel
oped World" at the 18th Stan
ford Business Conference, July
19-22. Twelve individual speak
ers and four panels discussed
the conference , theme, "Eco
nomic Growth and Inflation,"
before more than 400 business,
government, labor and educa
tion officials.

J. Burke Knapp, vice-president
of the International Bank for
Reconstruction and Develop
ment, speaks on "The Threat
of Inflation in the Underdevel
oped World" at the 18th Stan
ford Business Conference, July
19-22. Twelve individual speak
ers and four panels discussed
the conference , theme, "Eco
nomic Growth and Inflation,"
before more than 400 business,
government, labor and educa
tion officials.

J. Burke Knapp, vice-president
of the International Bank for
Reconstruction and Develop
ment, speaks on "The Threat
of Inflation in the Underdevel
oped World" at the 18th Stan
ford Business Conference, July
19-22. Twelve individual speak
ers and four panels discussed
the conference , theme, "Eco
nomic Growth and Inflation,"
before more than 400 business,
government, labor and educa
tion officials.

J. Burke Knapp, vice-president
of the International Bank for
Reconstruction and Develop
ment, speaks on "The Threat
of Inflation in the Underdevel
oped World" at the 18th Stan
ford Business Conference, July
19-22. Twelve individual speak
ers and four panels discussed
the conference , theme, "Eco
nomic Growth and Inflation,"
before more than 400 business,
government, labor and educa
tion officials.

J. Burke Knapp, vice-president
of the International Bank for
Reconstruction and Develop
ment, speaks on "The Threat
of Inflation in the Underdevel
oped World" at the 18th Stan
ford Business Conference, July
19-22. Twelve individual speak
ers and four panels discussed
the conference , theme, "Eco
nomic Growth and Inflation,"
before more than 400 business,
government, labor and educa
tion officials.

J. Burke Knapp, vice-president
of the International Bank for
Reconstruction and Develop
ment, speaks on "The Threat
of Inflation in the Underdevel
oped World" at the 18th Stan
ford Business Conference, July
19-22. Twelve individual speak
ers and four panels discussed
the conference , theme, "Eco
nomic Growth and Inflation,"
before more than 400 business,
government, labor and educa
tion officials.

J. Burke Knapp, vice-president
of the International Bank for
Reconstruction and Develop
ment, speaks on "The Threat
of Inflation in the Underdevel
oped World" at the 18th Stan
ford Business Conference, July
19-22. Twelve individual speak
ers and four panels discussed
the conference , theme, "Eco
nomic Growth and Inflation,"
before more than 400 business,
government, labor and educa
tion officials.

J. Burke Knapp, vice-president
of the International Bank for
Reconstruction and Develop
ment, speaks on "The Threat
of Inflation in the Underdevel
oped World" at the 18th Stan
ford Business Conference, July
19-22. Twelve individual speak
ers and four panels discussed
the conference , theme, "Eco
nomic Growth and Inflation,"
before more than 400 business,
government, labor and educa
tion officials.

J. Burke Knapp, vice-president
of the International Bank for
Reconstruction and Develop
ment, speaks on "The Threat
of Inflation in the Underdevel
oped World" at the 18th Stan
ford Business Conference, July
19-22. Twelve individual speak
ers and four panels discussed
the conference , theme, "Eco
nomic Growth and Inflation,"
before more than 400 business,
government, labor and educa
tion officials.

J. Burke Knapp, vice-president
of the International Bank for
Reconstruction and Develop
ment, speaks on "The Threat
of Inflation in the Underdevel
oped World" at the 18th Stan
ford Business Conference, July
19-22. Twelve individual speak
ers and four panels discussed
the conference , theme, "Eco
nomic Growth and Inflation,"
before more than 400 business,
government, labor and educa
tion officials.

J. Burke Knapp, vice-president
of the International Bank for
Reconstruction and Develop
ment, speaks on "The Threat
of Inflation in the Underdevel
oped World" at the 18th Stan
ford Business Conference, July
19-22. Twelve individual speak
ers and four panels discussed
the conference , theme, "Eco
nomic Growth and Inflation,"
before more than 400 business,
government, labor and educa
tion officials.

