# Men's Council
## 
### 
Men's Council is the judicial body j
elected by Stanford men students. I
This group has the jurisdiction over j
all cases of a disciplinary nature and
has the power to enforce all regula-
Men's Council is the judicial body j
elected by Stanford men students. I
This group has the jurisdiction over j
all cases of a disciplinary nature and
has the power to enforce all regula-
Men's Council is the judicial body j
elected by Stanford men students. I
This group has the jurisdiction over j
all cases of a disciplinary nature and
has the power to enforce all regula-
Men's Council is the judicial body j
elected by Stanford men students. I
This group has the jurisdiction over j
all cases of a disciplinary nature and
has the power to enforce all regula-
Men's Council is the judicial body j
elected by Stanford men students. I
This group has the jurisdiction over j
all cases of a disciplinary nature and
has the power to enforce all regula-
Men's Council is the judicial body j
elected by Stanford men students. I
This group has the jurisdiction over j
all cases of a disciplinary nature and
has the power to enforce all regula-
Men's Council is the judicial body j
elected by Stanford men students. I
This group has the jurisdiction over j
all cases of a disciplinary nature and
has the power to enforce all regula-
Men's Council is the judicial body j
elected by Stanford men students. I
This group has the jurisdiction over j
all cases of a disciplinary nature and
has the power to enforce all regula-
Men's Council is the judicial body j
elected by Stanford men students. I
This group has the jurisdiction over j
all cases of a disciplinary nature and
has the power to enforce all regula-
Men's Council is the judicial body j
elected by Stanford men students. I
This group has the jurisdiction over j
all cases of a disciplinary nature and
has the power to enforce all regula-
Men's Council is the judicial body j
elected by Stanford men students. I
This group has the jurisdiction over j
all cases of a disciplinary nature and
has the power to enforce all regula-
Men's Council is the judicial body j
elected by Stanford men students. I
This group has the jurisdiction over j
all cases of a disciplinary nature and
has the power to enforce all regula-
Men's Council is the judicial body j
elected by Stanford men students. I
This group has the jurisdiction over j
all cases of a disciplinary nature and
has the power to enforce all regula-
Men's Council is the judicial body j
elected by Stanford men students. I
This group has the jurisdiction over j
all cases of a disciplinary nature and
has the power to enforce all regula-
Men's Council is the judicial body j
elected by Stanford men students. I
This group has the jurisdiction over j
all cases of a disciplinary nature and
has the power to enforce all regula-
