# Knoll Dance Will Welcome Veterans
## 
### 
All veterans as well as graduate
men and women are invited to a
dance at The Knoll, graduate wom
en's residence, tomorrow night from
9 to 1. Happy Haller, chairman of
the publicity committee, announced
yesterday.
Lagunita women have accepted an
invitation to attend. Refreshments
will be served. Music for the event
will be provided by "big name"
bands via the Knoll juke box.
All veterans as well as graduate
men and women are invited to a
dance at The Knoll, graduate wom
en's residence, tomorrow night from
9 to 1. Happy Haller, chairman of
the publicity committee, announced
yesterday.
Lagunita women have accepted an
invitation to attend. Refreshments
will be served. Music for the event
will be provided by "big name"
bands via the Knoll juke box.
All veterans as well as graduate
men and women are invited to a
dance at The Knoll, graduate wom
en's residence, tomorrow night from
9 to 1. Happy Haller, chairman of
the publicity committee, announced
yesterday.
Lagunita women have accepted an
invitation to attend. Refreshments
will be served. Music for the event
will be provided by "big name"
bands via the Knoll juke box.
All veterans as well as graduate
men and women are invited to a
dance at The Knoll, graduate wom
en's residence, tomorrow night from
9 to 1. Happy Haller, chairman of
the publicity committee, announced
yesterday.
Lagunita women have accepted an
invitation to attend. Refreshments
will be served. Music for the event
will be provided by "big name"
bands via the Knoll juke box.
All veterans as well as graduate
men and women are invited to a
dance at The Knoll, graduate wom
en's residence, tomorrow night from
9 to 1. Happy Haller, chairman of
the publicity committee, announced
yesterday.
Lagunita women have accepted an
invitation to attend. Refreshments
will be served. Music for the event
will be provided by "big name"
bands via the Knoll juke box.
All veterans as well as graduate
men and women are invited to a
dance at The Knoll, graduate wom
en's residence, tomorrow night from
9 to 1. Happy Haller, chairman of
the publicity committee, announced
yesterday.
Lagunita women have accepted an
invitation to attend. Refreshments
will be served. Music for the event
will be provided by "big name"
bands via the Knoll juke box.
All veterans as well as graduate
men and women are invited to a
dance at The Knoll, graduate wom
en's residence, tomorrow night from
9 to 1. Happy Haller, chairman of
the publicity committee, announced
yesterday.
Lagunita women have accepted an
invitation to attend. Refreshments
will be served. Music for the event
will be provided by "big name"
bands via the Knoll juke box.
All veterans as well as graduate
men and women are invited to a
dance at The Knoll, graduate wom
en's residence, tomorrow night from
9 to 1. Happy Haller, chairman of
the publicity committee, announced
yesterday.
Lagunita women have accepted an
invitation to attend. Refreshments
will be served. Music for the event
will be provided by "big name"
bands via the Knoll juke box.
All veterans as well as graduate
men and women are invited to a
dance at The Knoll, graduate wom
en's residence, tomorrow night from
9 to 1. Happy Haller, chairman of
the publicity committee, announced
yesterday.
Lagunita women have accepted an
invitation to attend. Refreshments
will be served. Music for the event
will be provided by "big name"
bands via the Knoll juke box.
All veterans as well as graduate
men and women are invited to a
dance at The Knoll, graduate wom
en's residence, tomorrow night from
9 to 1. Happy Haller, chairman of
the publicity committee, announced
yesterday.
Lagunita women have accepted an
invitation to attend. Refreshments
will be served. Music for the event
will be provided by "big name"
bands via the Knoll juke box.
All veterans as well as graduate
men and women are invited to a
dance at The Knoll, graduate wom
en's residence, tomorrow night from
9 to 1. Happy Haller, chairman of
the publicity committee, announced
yesterday.
Lagunita women have accepted an
invitation to attend. Refreshments
will be served. Music for the event
will be provided by "big name"
bands via the Knoll juke box.
All veterans as well as graduate
men and women are invited to a
dance at The Knoll, graduate wom
en's residence, tomorrow night from
9 to 1. Happy Haller, chairman of
the publicity committee, announced
yesterday.
Lagunita women have accepted an
invitation to attend. Refreshments
will be served. Music for the event
will be provided by "big name"
bands via the Knoll juke box.
All veterans as well as graduate
men and women are invited to a
dance at The Knoll, graduate wom
en's residence, tomorrow night from
9 to 1. Happy Haller, chairman of
the publicity committee, announced
yesterday.
Lagunita women have accepted an
invitation to attend. Refreshments
will be served. Music for the event
will be provided by "big name"
bands via the Knoll juke box.
All veterans as well as graduate
men and women are invited to a
dance at The Knoll, graduate wom
en's residence, tomorrow night from
9 to 1. Happy Haller, chairman of
the publicity committee, announced
yesterday.
Lagunita women have accepted an
invitation to attend. Refreshments
will be served. Music for the event
will be provided by "big name"
bands via the Knoll juke box.
All veterans as well as graduate
men and women are invited to a
dance at The Knoll, graduate wom
en's residence, tomorrow night from
9 to 1. Happy Haller, chairman of
the publicity committee, announced
yesterday.
Lagunita women have accepted an
invitation to attend. Refreshments
will be served. Music for the event
will be provided by "big name"
bands via the Knoll juke box.
