# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Perpetual modernness is the
measure of merit in every work of
art.—Emerson.
Perpetual modernness is the
measure of merit in every work of
art.—Emerson.
Perpetual modernness is the
measure of merit in every work of
art.—Emerson.
Perpetual modernness is the
measure of merit in every work of
art.—Emerson.
Perpetual modernness is the
measure of merit in every work of
art.—Emerson.
Perpetual modernness is the
measure of merit in every work of
art.—Emerson.
Perpetual modernness is the
measure of merit in every work of
art.—Emerson.
Perpetual modernness is the
measure of merit in every work of
art.—Emerson.
Perpetual modernness is the
measure of merit in every work of
art.—Emerson.
Perpetual modernness is the
measure of merit in every work of
art.—Emerson.
Perpetual modernness is the
measure of merit in every work of
art.—Emerson.
Perpetual modernness is the
measure of merit in every work of
art.—Emerson.
Perpetual modernness is the
measure of merit in every work of
art.—Emerson.
Perpetual modernness is the
measure of merit in every work of
art.—Emerson.
Perpetual modernness is the
measure of merit in every work of
art.—Emerson.
