# Income Analyzed
## 
### 
For the second in a series on
Stanford finances turn to the edi
torial page.
Today's story deals with income
and expenditures of the Univer
sity for 1944-45.
For the second in a series on
Stanford finances turn to the edi
torial page.
Today's story deals with income
and expenditures of the Univer
sity for 1944-45.
For the second in a series on
Stanford finances turn to the edi
torial page.
Today's story deals with income
and expenditures of the Univer
sity for 1944-45.
For the second in a series on
Stanford finances turn to the edi
torial page.
Today's story deals with income
and expenditures of the Univer
sity for 1944-45.
For the second in a series on
Stanford finances turn to the edi
torial page.
Today's story deals with income
and expenditures of the Univer
sity for 1944-45.
For the second in a series on
Stanford finances turn to the edi
torial page.
Today's story deals with income
and expenditures of the Univer
sity for 1944-45.
For the second in a series on
Stanford finances turn to the edi
torial page.
Today's story deals with income
and expenditures of the Univer
sity for 1944-45.
For the second in a series on
Stanford finances turn to the edi
torial page.
Today's story deals with income
and expenditures of the Univer
sity for 1944-45.
For the second in a series on
Stanford finances turn to the edi
torial page.
Today's story deals with income
and expenditures of the Univer
sity for 1944-45.
For the second in a series on
Stanford finances turn to the edi
torial page.
Today's story deals with income
and expenditures of the Univer
sity for 1944-45.
For the second in a series on
Stanford finances turn to the edi
torial page.
Today's story deals with income
and expenditures of the Univer
sity for 1944-45.
For the second in a series on
Stanford finances turn to the edi
torial page.
Today's story deals with income
and expenditures of the Univer
sity for 1944-45.
For the second in a series on
Stanford finances turn to the edi
torial page.
Today's story deals with income
and expenditures of the Univer
sity for 1944-45.
For the second in a series on
Stanford finances turn to the edi
torial page.
Today's story deals with income
and expenditures of the Univer
sity for 1944-45.
For the second in a series on
Stanford finances turn to the edi
torial page.
Today's story deals with income
and expenditures of the Univer
sity for 1944-45.
