# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
