# Vesper Service Tomorrow.
## 
### 
There will he the usual vesper serv
ice, in the chapel, Thursday at 7
o'clock. Rev. D. M. Brookman, of
All Saints' Church, Palo Alto, will
speak.
There will he the usual vesper serv
ice, in the chapel, Thursday at 7
o'clock. Rev. D. M. Brookman, of
All Saints' Church, Palo Alto, will
speak.
There will he the usual vesper serv
ice, in the chapel, Thursday at 7
o'clock. Rev. D. M. Brookman, of
All Saints' Church, Palo Alto, will
speak.
There will he the usual vesper serv
ice, in the chapel, Thursday at 7
o'clock. Rev. D. M. Brookman, of
All Saints' Church, Palo Alto, will
speak.
There will he the usual vesper serv
ice, in the chapel, Thursday at 7
o'clock. Rev. D. M. Brookman, of
All Saints' Church, Palo Alto, will
speak.
There will he the usual vesper serv
ice, in the chapel, Thursday at 7
o'clock. Rev. D. M. Brookman, of
All Saints' Church, Palo Alto, will
speak.
There will he the usual vesper serv
ice, in the chapel, Thursday at 7
o'clock. Rev. D. M. Brookman, of
All Saints' Church, Palo Alto, will
speak.
There will he the usual vesper serv
ice, in the chapel, Thursday at 7
o'clock. Rev. D. M. Brookman, of
All Saints' Church, Palo Alto, will
speak.
There will he the usual vesper serv
ice, in the chapel, Thursday at 7
o'clock. Rev. D. M. Brookman, of
All Saints' Church, Palo Alto, will
speak.
