# Interscholastic Board to Meet.
## 
### 
The Interscholastic Board of Gov
ernors will hold its first meeting of
the semester this evening, at the Zeta
Psi house. The board will discuss
general plans for the semester, and
the details concerning the second
annual meet, which will he held the
23d of March.
The Interscholastic Board of Gov
ernors will hold its first meeting of
the semester this evening, at the Zeta
Psi house. The board will discuss
general plans for the semester, and
the details concerning the second
annual meet, which will he held the
23d of March.
The Interscholastic Board of Gov
ernors will hold its first meeting of
the semester this evening, at the Zeta
Psi house. The board will discuss
general plans for the semester, and
the details concerning the second
annual meet, which will he held the
23d of March.
The Interscholastic Board of Gov
ernors will hold its first meeting of
the semester this evening, at the Zeta
Psi house. The board will discuss
general plans for the semester, and
the details concerning the second
annual meet, which will he held the
23d of March.
The Interscholastic Board of Gov
ernors will hold its first meeting of
the semester this evening, at the Zeta
Psi house. The board will discuss
general plans for the semester, and
the details concerning the second
annual meet, which will he held the
23d of March.
The Interscholastic Board of Gov
ernors will hold its first meeting of
the semester this evening, at the Zeta
Psi house. The board will discuss
general plans for the semester, and
the details concerning the second
annual meet, which will he held the
23d of March.
The Interscholastic Board of Gov
ernors will hold its first meeting of
the semester this evening, at the Zeta
Psi house. The board will discuss
general plans for the semester, and
the details concerning the second
annual meet, which will he held the
23d of March.
The Interscholastic Board of Gov
ernors will hold its first meeting of
the semester this evening, at the Zeta
Psi house. The board will discuss
general plans for the semester, and
the details concerning the second
annual meet, which will he held the
23d of March.
The Interscholastic Board of Gov
ernors will hold its first meeting of
the semester this evening, at the Zeta
Psi house. The board will discuss
general plans for the semester, and
the details concerning the second
annual meet, which will he held the
23d of March.
