# COAST REGISTRAR MEET TO DISCUSS JUNIOR COLLEGES
## Seventy-Five Universities To Be Present at Fourth Annual Convention 
### 
CLARE MONT, Nov. B.—"The Junior
College" will be the special topic for
discussion at the fourth annual con
vention of the Pacific Coast Associa
tion of Collegiate Registrars to be
held in Riverside and Claremont on
November 19 and 20. Seventy-five
registrars from the leading universi
ties, colleges, and junior colleges on
the Pacific Coast are expected to at
tend the convention, the junior col
lege representatives being included
for the first time.
Dr. J. Pearce Mitchell, Registrar of
Stanford University and President of
the Association, and Mr. Ernest L.
Rea, Registrar of Riverside Junior
College, are in charge of the meetings
and will open the first assembly on
Monday morning, November 19, at the
Mission Inn at Riverside. Besides ad
dresses by a number of prominent
representatives, the program includes
visits to a number of the nearby col
leges and junior colleges.
CLARE MONT, Nov. B.—"The Junior
College" will be the special topic for
discussion at the fourth annual con
vention of the Pacific Coast Associa
tion of Collegiate Registrars to be
held in Riverside and Claremont on
November 19 and 20. Seventy-five
registrars from the leading universi
ties, colleges, and junior colleges on
the Pacific Coast are expected to at
tend the convention, the junior col
lege representatives being included
for the first time.
Dr. J. Pearce Mitchell, Registrar of
Stanford University and President of
the Association, and Mr. Ernest L.
Rea, Registrar of Riverside Junior
College, are in charge of the meetings
and will open the first assembly on
Monday morning, November 19, at the
Mission Inn at Riverside. Besides ad
dresses by a number of prominent
representatives, the program includes
visits to a number of the nearby col
leges and junior colleges.
CLARE MONT, Nov. B.—"The Junior
College" will be the special topic for
discussion at the fourth annual con
vention of the Pacific Coast Associa
tion of Collegiate Registrars to be
held in Riverside and Claremont on
November 19 and 20. Seventy-five
registrars from the leading universi
ties, colleges, and junior colleges on
the Pacific Coast are expected to at
tend the convention, the junior col
lege representatives being included
for the first time.
Dr. J. Pearce Mitchell, Registrar of
Stanford University and President of
the Association, and Mr. Ernest L.
Rea, Registrar of Riverside Junior
College, are in charge of the meetings
and will open the first assembly on
Monday morning, November 19, at the
Mission Inn at Riverside. Besides ad
dresses by a number of prominent
representatives, the program includes
visits to a number of the nearby col
leges and junior colleges.
CLARE MONT, Nov. B.—"The Junior
College" will be the special topic for
discussion at the fourth annual con
vention of the Pacific Coast Associa
tion of Collegiate Registrars to be
held in Riverside and Claremont on
November 19 and 20. Seventy-five
registrars from the leading universi
ties, colleges, and junior colleges on
the Pacific Coast are expected to at
tend the convention, the junior col
lege representatives being included
for the first time.
Dr. J. Pearce Mitchell, Registrar of
Stanford University and President of
the Association, and Mr. Ernest L.
Rea, Registrar of Riverside Junior
College, are in charge of the meetings
and will open the first assembly on
Monday morning, November 19, at the
Mission Inn at Riverside. Besides ad
dresses by a number of prominent
representatives, the program includes
visits to a number of the nearby col
leges and junior colleges.
CLARE MONT, Nov. B.—"The Junior
College" will be the special topic for
discussion at the fourth annual con
vention of the Pacific Coast Associa
tion of Collegiate Registrars to be
held in Riverside and Claremont on
November 19 and 20. Seventy-five
registrars from the leading universi
ties, colleges, and junior colleges on
the Pacific Coast are expected to at
tend the convention, the junior col
lege representatives being included
for the first time.
Dr. J. Pearce Mitchell, Registrar of
Stanford University and President of
the Association, and Mr. Ernest L.
Rea, Registrar of Riverside Junior
College, are in charge of the meetings
and will open the first assembly on
Monday morning, November 19, at the
Mission Inn at Riverside. Besides ad
dresses by a number of prominent
representatives, the program includes
visits to a number of the nearby col
leges and junior colleges.
CLARE MONT, Nov. B.—"The Junior
College" will be the special topic for
discussion at the fourth annual con
vention of the Pacific Coast Associa
tion of Collegiate Registrars to be
held in Riverside and Claremont on
November 19 and 20. Seventy-five
registrars from the leading universi
ties, colleges, and junior colleges on
the Pacific Coast are expected to at
tend the convention, the junior col
lege representatives being included
for the first time.
Dr. J. Pearce Mitchell, Registrar of
Stanford University and President of
the Association, and Mr. Ernest L.
Rea, Registrar of Riverside Junior
College, are in charge of the meetings
and will open the first assembly on
Monday morning, November 19, at the
Mission Inn at Riverside. Besides ad
dresses by a number of prominent
representatives, the program includes
visits to a number of the nearby col
leges and junior colleges.
CLARE MONT, Nov. B.—"The Junior
College" will be the special topic for
discussion at the fourth annual con
vention of the Pacific Coast Associa
tion of Collegiate Registrars to be
held in Riverside and Claremont on
November 19 and 20. Seventy-five
registrars from the leading universi
ties, colleges, and junior colleges on
the Pacific Coast are expected to at
tend the convention, the junior col
lege representatives being included
for the first time.
Dr. J. Pearce Mitchell, Registrar of
Stanford University and President of
the Association, and Mr. Ernest L.
Rea, Registrar of Riverside Junior
College, are in charge of the meetings
and will open the first assembly on
Monday morning, November 19, at the
Mission Inn at Riverside. Besides ad
dresses by a number of prominent
representatives, the program includes
visits to a number of the nearby col
leges and junior colleges.
CLARE MONT, Nov. B.—"The Junior
College" will be the special topic for
discussion at the fourth annual con
vention of the Pacific Coast Associa
tion of Collegiate Registrars to be
held in Riverside and Claremont on
November 19 and 20. Seventy-five
registrars from the leading universi
ties, colleges, and junior colleges on
the Pacific Coast are expected to at
tend the convention, the junior col
lege representatives being included
for the first time.
Dr. J. Pearce Mitchell, Registrar of
Stanford University and President of
the Association, and Mr. Ernest L.
Rea, Registrar of Riverside Junior
College, are in charge of the meetings
and will open the first assembly on
Monday morning, November 19, at the
Mission Inn at Riverside. Besides ad
dresses by a number of prominent
representatives, the program includes
visits to a number of the nearby col
leges and junior colleges.
CLARE MONT, Nov. B.—"The Junior
College" will be the special topic for
discussion at the fourth annual con
vention of the Pacific Coast Associa
tion of Collegiate Registrars to be
held in Riverside and Claremont on
November 19 and 20. Seventy-five
registrars from the leading universi
ties, colleges, and junior colleges on
the Pacific Coast are expected to at
tend the convention, the junior col
lege representatives being included
for the first time.
Dr. J. Pearce Mitchell, Registrar of
Stanford University and President of
the Association, and Mr. Ernest L.
Rea, Registrar of Riverside Junior
College, are in charge of the meetings
and will open the first assembly on
Monday morning, November 19, at the
Mission Inn at Riverside. Besides ad
dresses by a number of prominent
representatives, the program includes
visits to a number of the nearby col
leges and junior colleges.
CLARE MONT, Nov. B.—"The Junior
College" will be the special topic for
discussion at the fourth annual con
vention of the Pacific Coast Associa
tion of Collegiate Registrars to be
held in Riverside and Claremont on
November 19 and 20. Seventy-five
registrars from the leading universi
ties, colleges, and junior colleges on
the Pacific Coast are expected to at
tend the convention, the junior col
lege representatives being included
for the first time.
Dr. J. Pearce Mitchell, Registrar of
Stanford University and President of
the Association, and Mr. Ernest L.
Rea, Registrar of Riverside Junior
College, are in charge of the meetings
and will open the first assembly on
Monday morning, November 19, at the
Mission Inn at Riverside. Besides ad
dresses by a number of prominent
representatives, the program includes
visits to a number of the nearby col
leges and junior colleges.
CLARE MONT, Nov. B.—"The Junior
College" will be the special topic for
discussion at the fourth annual con
vention of the Pacific Coast Associa
tion of Collegiate Registrars to be
held in Riverside and Claremont on
November 19 and 20. Seventy-five
registrars from the leading universi
ties, colleges, and junior colleges on
the Pacific Coast are expected to at
tend the convention, the junior col
lege representatives being included
for the first time.
Dr. J. Pearce Mitchell, Registrar of
Stanford University and President of
the Association, and Mr. Ernest L.
Rea, Registrar of Riverside Junior
College, are in charge of the meetings
and will open the first assembly on
Monday morning, November 19, at the
Mission Inn at Riverside. Besides ad
dresses by a number of prominent
representatives, the program includes
visits to a number of the nearby col
leges and junior colleges.
CLARE MONT, Nov. B.—"The Junior
College" will be the special topic for
discussion at the fourth annual con
vention of the Pacific Coast Associa
tion of Collegiate Registrars to be
held in Riverside and Claremont on
November 19 and 20. Seventy-five
registrars from the leading universi
ties, colleges, and junior colleges on
the Pacific Coast are expected to at
tend the convention, the junior col
lege representatives being included
for the first time.
Dr. J. Pearce Mitchell, Registrar of
Stanford University and President of
the Association, and Mr. Ernest L.
Rea, Registrar of Riverside Junior
College, are in charge of the meetings
and will open the first assembly on
Monday morning, November 19, at the
Mission Inn at Riverside. Besides ad
dresses by a number of prominent
representatives, the program includes
visits to a number of the nearby col
leges and junior colleges.
CLARE MONT, Nov. B.—"The Junior
College" will be the special topic for
discussion at the fourth annual con
vention of the Pacific Coast Associa
tion of Collegiate Registrars to be
held in Riverside and Claremont on
November 19 and 20. Seventy-five
registrars from the leading universi
ties, colleges, and junior colleges on
the Pacific Coast are expected to at
tend the convention, the junior col
lege representatives being included
for the first time.
Dr. J. Pearce Mitchell, Registrar of
Stanford University and President of
the Association, and Mr. Ernest L.
Rea, Registrar of Riverside Junior
College, are in charge of the meetings
and will open the first assembly on
Monday morning, November 19, at the
Mission Inn at Riverside. Besides ad
dresses by a number of prominent
representatives, the program includes
visits to a number of the nearby col
leges and junior colleges.
CLARE MONT, Nov. B.—"The Junior
College" will be the special topic for
discussion at the fourth annual con
vention of the Pacific Coast Associa
tion of Collegiate Registrars to be
held in Riverside and Claremont on
November 19 and 20. Seventy-five
registrars from the leading universi
ties, colleges, and junior colleges on
the Pacific Coast are expected to at
tend the convention, the junior col
lege representatives being included
for the first time.
Dr. J. Pearce Mitchell, Registrar of
Stanford University and President of
the Association, and Mr. Ernest L.
Rea, Registrar of Riverside Junior
College, are in charge of the meetings
and will open the first assembly on
Monday morning, November 19, at the
Mission Inn at Riverside. Besides ad
dresses by a number of prominent
representatives, the program includes
visits to a number of the nearby col
leges and junior colleges.
CLARE MONT, Nov. B.—"The Junior
College" will be the special topic for
discussion at the fourth annual con
vention of the Pacific Coast Associa
tion of Collegiate Registrars to be
held in Riverside and Claremont on
November 19 and 20. Seventy-five
registrars from the leading universi
ties, colleges, and junior colleges on
the Pacific Coast are expected to at
tend the convention, the junior col
lege representatives being included
for the first time.
Dr. J. Pearce Mitchell, Registrar of
Stanford University and President of
the Association, and Mr. Ernest L.
Rea, Registrar of Riverside Junior
College, are in charge of the meetings
and will open the first assembly on
Monday morning, November 19, at the
Mission Inn at Riverside. Besides ad
dresses by a number of prominent
representatives, the program includes
visits to a number of the nearby col
leges and junior colleges.
CLARE MONT, Nov. B.—"The Junior
College" will be the special topic for
discussion at the fourth annual con
vention of the Pacific Coast Associa
tion of Collegiate Registrars to be
held in Riverside and Claremont on
November 19 and 20. Seventy-five
registrars from the leading universi
ties, colleges, and junior colleges on
the Pacific Coast are expected to at
tend the convention, the junior col
lege representatives being included
for the first time.
Dr. J. Pearce Mitchell, Registrar of
Stanford University and President of
the Association, and Mr. Ernest L.
Rea, Registrar of Riverside Junior
College, are in charge of the meetings
and will open the first assembly on
Monday morning, November 19, at the
Mission Inn at Riverside. Besides ad
dresses by a number of prominent
representatives, the program includes
visits to a number of the nearby col
leges and junior colleges.
