# FRESHMEN FAVOR HAZING IN VOTE AT ANTIOCH COLLEGE
## 
### 
Freshmen at Antioch College voted
overwhelmingly in favor of the con
tinuation of hazing when they were
allowed to decide the Question.
Freshmen at Antioch College voted
overwhelmingly in favor of the con
tinuation of hazing when they were
allowed to decide the Question.
Freshmen at Antioch College voted
overwhelmingly in favor of the con
tinuation of hazing when they were
allowed to decide the Question.
Freshmen at Antioch College voted
overwhelmingly in favor of the con
tinuation of hazing when they were
allowed to decide the Question.
Freshmen at Antioch College voted
overwhelmingly in favor of the con
tinuation of hazing when they were
allowed to decide the Question.
Freshmen at Antioch College voted
overwhelmingly in favor of the con
tinuation of hazing when they were
allowed to decide the Question.
Freshmen at Antioch College voted
overwhelmingly in favor of the con
tinuation of hazing when they were
allowed to decide the Question.
Freshmen at Antioch College voted
overwhelmingly in favor of the con
tinuation of hazing when they were
allowed to decide the Question.
Freshmen at Antioch College voted
overwhelmingly in favor of the con
tinuation of hazing when they were
allowed to decide the Question.
Freshmen at Antioch College voted
overwhelmingly in favor of the con
tinuation of hazing when they were
allowed to decide the Question.
Freshmen at Antioch College voted
overwhelmingly in favor of the con
tinuation of hazing when they were
allowed to decide the Question.
Freshmen at Antioch College voted
overwhelmingly in favor of the con
tinuation of hazing when they were
allowed to decide the Question.
Freshmen at Antioch College voted
overwhelmingly in favor of the con
tinuation of hazing when they were
allowed to decide the Question.
Freshmen at Antioch College voted
overwhelmingly in favor of the con
tinuation of hazing when they were
allowed to decide the Question.
Freshmen at Antioch College voted
overwhelmingly in favor of the con
tinuation of hazing when they were
allowed to decide the Question.
Freshmen at Antioch College voted
overwhelmingly in favor of the con
tinuation of hazing when they were
allowed to decide the Question.
