# MESSAGES FROM NATION RECEIVED AT HOOVER HOME
## President-Elect Will Take Rest; Congratulatory Telegrams Pour In 
### PHILIP STOCKTON 
While Herbert C. Hoover rested in
ftiu home yesterday, telegrams of con
gratulation from the entire nation
poured into his office and nearly
swamped the staff. Among the tele
grams were two from prominent
Democrats, Henry Bayard Swope,
editor of the New York World, which
was Governor Smith's most ardent
supporter, and Governor Harry Byrd
of Virginia, who wished him "every
possible success and greatest person
al happiness" in his coming term of
office. Telegrams were also received
from Theodore Roosevelt, Jr., Vice-
President Dawes, Thomas A. Edison,
President Green of the American
Federation of Labor, Ambassador
Herrick, Cornelius Vanderbilt, the
American Society of Mechanical En
gineers, Elihu Root, many United
States Senators, members of the cabi
net ,and Governors of various states,
including lowa and Nebraska. Pade
rewski, former premier of Poland and
world-famous pianist, sent his con
gratulations to Hoover in a special
cable from London.
The President-elect spent the day
in acknowledging the messages sent
him by his friends throughout the
country, and in resting at his home.
It was indicated at Hoover headquar
ters that he would spend the rest of
the week at his home, making few if
any trips.
While Herbert C. Hoover rested in
ftiu home yesterday, telegrams of con
gratulation from the entire nation
poured into his office and nearly
swamped the staff. Among the tele
grams were two from prominent
Democrats, Henry Bayard Swope,
editor of the New York World, which
was Governor Smith's most ardent
supporter, and Governor Harry Byrd
of Virginia, who wished him "every
possible success and greatest person
al happiness" in his coming term of
office. Telegrams were also received
from Theodore Roosevelt, Jr., Vice-
President Dawes, Thomas A. Edison,
President Green of the American
Federation of Labor, Ambassador
Herrick, Cornelius Vanderbilt, the
American Society of Mechanical En
gineers, Elihu Root, many United
States Senators, members of the cabi
net ,and Governors of various states,
including lowa and Nebraska. Pade
rewski, former premier of Poland and
world-famous pianist, sent his con
gratulations to Hoover in a special
cable from London.
The President-elect spent the day
in acknowledging the messages sent
him by his friends throughout the
country, and in resting at his home.
It was indicated at Hoover headquar
ters that he would spend the rest of
the week at his home, making few if
any trips.
While Herbert C. Hoover rested in
ftiu home yesterday, telegrams of con
gratulation from the entire nation
poured into his office and nearly
swamped the staff. Among the tele
grams were two from prominent
Democrats, Henry Bayard Swope,
editor of the New York World, which
was Governor Smith's most ardent
supporter, and Governor Harry Byrd
of Virginia, who wished him "every
possible success and greatest person
al happiness" in his coming term of
office. Telegrams were also received
from Theodore Roosevelt, Jr., Vice-
President Dawes, Thomas A. Edison,
President Green of the American
Federation of Labor, Ambassador
Herrick, Cornelius Vanderbilt, the
American Society of Mechanical En
gineers, Elihu Root, many United
States Senators, members of the cabi
net ,and Governors of various states,
including lowa and Nebraska. Pade
rewski, former premier of Poland and
world-famous pianist, sent his con
gratulations to Hoover in a special
cable from London.
The President-elect spent the day
in acknowledging the messages sent
him by his friends throughout the
country, and in resting at his home.
It was indicated at Hoover headquar
ters that he would spend the rest of
the week at his home, making few if
any trips.
While Herbert C. Hoover rested in
ftiu home yesterday, telegrams of con
gratulation from the entire nation
poured into his office and nearly
swamped the staff. Among the tele
grams were two from prominent
Democrats, Henry Bayard Swope,
editor of the New York World, which
was Governor Smith's most ardent
supporter, and Governor Harry Byrd
of Virginia, who wished him "every
possible success and greatest person
al happiness" in his coming term of
office. Telegrams were also received
from Theodore Roosevelt, Jr., Vice-
President Dawes, Thomas A. Edison,
President Green of the American
Federation of Labor, Ambassador
Herrick, Cornelius Vanderbilt, the
American Society of Mechanical En
gineers, Elihu Root, many United
States Senators, members of the cabi
net ,and Governors of various states,
including lowa and Nebraska. Pade
rewski, former premier of Poland and
world-famous pianist, sent his con
gratulations to Hoover in a special
cable from London.
The President-elect spent the day
in acknowledging the messages sent
him by his friends throughout the
country, and in resting at his home.
It was indicated at Hoover headquar
ters that he would spend the rest of
the week at his home, making few if
any trips.
While Herbert C. Hoover rested in
ftiu home yesterday, telegrams of con
gratulation from the entire nation
poured into his office and nearly
swamped the staff. Among the tele
grams were two from prominent
Democrats, Henry Bayard Swope,
editor of the New York World, which
was Governor Smith's most ardent
supporter, and Governor Harry Byrd
of Virginia, who wished him "every
possible success and greatest person
al happiness" in his coming term of
office. Telegrams were also received
from Theodore Roosevelt, Jr., Vice-
President Dawes, Thomas A. Edison,
President Green of the American
Federation of Labor, Ambassador
Herrick, Cornelius Vanderbilt, the
American Society of Mechanical En
gineers, Elihu Root, many United
States Senators, members of the cabi
net ,and Governors of various states,
including lowa and Nebraska. Pade
rewski, former premier of Poland and
world-famous pianist, sent his con
gratulations to Hoover in a special
cable from London.
The President-elect spent the day
in acknowledging the messages sent
him by his friends throughout the
country, and in resting at his home.
It was indicated at Hoover headquar
ters that he would spend the rest of
the week at his home, making few if
any trips.
While Herbert C. Hoover rested in
ftiu home yesterday, telegrams of con
gratulation from the entire nation
poured into his office and nearly
swamped the staff. Among the tele
grams were two from prominent
Democrats, Henry Bayard Swope,
editor of the New York World, which
was Governor Smith's most ardent
supporter, and Governor Harry Byrd
of Virginia, who wished him "every
possible success and greatest person
al happiness" in his coming term of
office. Telegrams were also received
from Theodore Roosevelt, Jr., Vice-
President Dawes, Thomas A. Edison,
President Green of the American
Federation of Labor, Ambassador
Herrick, Cornelius Vanderbilt, the
American Society of Mechanical En
gineers, Elihu Root, many United
States Senators, members of the cabi
net ,and Governors of various states,
including lowa and Nebraska. Pade
rewski, former premier of Poland and
world-famous pianist, sent his con
gratulations to Hoover in a special
cable from London.
The President-elect spent the day
in acknowledging the messages sent
him by his friends throughout the
country, and in resting at his home.
It was indicated at Hoover headquar
ters that he would spend the rest of
the week at his home, making few if
any trips.
While Herbert C. Hoover rested in
ftiu home yesterday, telegrams of con
gratulation from the entire nation
poured into his office and nearly
swamped the staff. Among the tele
grams were two from prominent
Democrats, Henry Bayard Swope,
editor of the New York World, which
was Governor Smith's most ardent
supporter, and Governor Harry Byrd
of Virginia, who wished him "every
possible success and greatest person
al happiness" in his coming term of
office. Telegrams were also received
from Theodore Roosevelt, Jr., Vice-
President Dawes, Thomas A. Edison,
President Green of the American
Federation of Labor, Ambassador
Herrick, Cornelius Vanderbilt, the
American Society of Mechanical En
gineers, Elihu Root, many United
States Senators, members of the cabi
net ,and Governors of various states,
including lowa and Nebraska. Pade
rewski, former premier of Poland and
world-famous pianist, sent his con
gratulations to Hoover in a special
cable from London.
The President-elect spent the day
in acknowledging the messages sent
him by his friends throughout the
country, and in resting at his home.
It was indicated at Hoover headquar
ters that he would spend the rest of
the week at his home, making few if
any trips.
While Herbert C. Hoover rested in
ftiu home yesterday, telegrams of con
gratulation from the entire nation
poured into his office and nearly
swamped the staff. Among the tele
grams were two from prominent
Democrats, Henry Bayard Swope,
editor of the New York World, which
was Governor Smith's most ardent
supporter, and Governor Harry Byrd
of Virginia, who wished him "every
possible success and greatest person
al happiness" in his coming term of
office. Telegrams were also received
from Theodore Roosevelt, Jr., Vice-
President Dawes, Thomas A. Edison,
President Green of the American
Federation of Labor, Ambassador
Herrick, Cornelius Vanderbilt, the
American Society of Mechanical En
gineers, Elihu Root, many United
States Senators, members of the cabi
net ,and Governors of various states,
including lowa and Nebraska. Pade
rewski, former premier of Poland and
world-famous pianist, sent his con
gratulations to Hoover in a special
cable from London.
The President-elect spent the day
in acknowledging the messages sent
him by his friends throughout the
country, and in resting at his home.
It was indicated at Hoover headquar
ters that he would spend the rest of
the week at his home, making few if
any trips.
While Herbert C. Hoover rested in
ftiu home yesterday, telegrams of con
gratulation from the entire nation
poured into his office and nearly
swamped the staff. Among the tele
grams were two from prominent
Democrats, Henry Bayard Swope,
editor of the New York World, which
was Governor Smith's most ardent
supporter, and Governor Harry Byrd
of Virginia, who wished him "every
possible success and greatest person
al happiness" in his coming term of
office. Telegrams were also received
from Theodore Roosevelt, Jr., Vice-
President Dawes, Thomas A. Edison,
President Green of the American
Federation of Labor, Ambassador
Herrick, Cornelius Vanderbilt, the
American Society of Mechanical En
gineers, Elihu Root, many United
States Senators, members of the cabi
net ,and Governors of various states,
including lowa and Nebraska. Pade
rewski, former premier of Poland and
world-famous pianist, sent his con
gratulations to Hoover in a special
cable from London.
The President-elect spent the day
in acknowledging the messages sent
him by his friends throughout the
country, and in resting at his home.
It was indicated at Hoover headquar
ters that he would spend the rest of
the week at his home, making few if
any trips.
While Herbert C. Hoover rested in
ftiu home yesterday, telegrams of con
gratulation from the entire nation
poured into his office and nearly
swamped the staff. Among the tele
grams were two from prominent
Democrats, Henry Bayard Swope,
editor of the New York World, which
was Governor Smith's most ardent
supporter, and Governor Harry Byrd
of Virginia, who wished him "every
possible success and greatest person
al happiness" in his coming term of
office. Telegrams were also received
from Theodore Roosevelt, Jr., Vice-
President Dawes, Thomas A. Edison,
President Green of the American
Federation of Labor, Ambassador
Herrick, Cornelius Vanderbilt, the
American Society of Mechanical En
gineers, Elihu Root, many United
States Senators, members of the cabi
net ,and Governors of various states,
including lowa and Nebraska. Pade
rewski, former premier of Poland and
world-famous pianist, sent his con
gratulations to Hoover in a special
cable from London.
The President-elect spent the day
in acknowledging the messages sent
him by his friends throughout the
country, and in resting at his home.
It was indicated at Hoover headquar
ters that he would spend the rest of
the week at his home, making few if
any trips.
While Herbert C. Hoover rested in
ftiu home yesterday, telegrams of con
gratulation from the entire nation
poured into his office and nearly
swamped the staff. Among the tele
grams were two from prominent
Democrats, Henry Bayard Swope,
editor of the New York World, which
was Governor Smith's most ardent
supporter, and Governor Harry Byrd
of Virginia, who wished him "every
possible success and greatest person
al happiness" in his coming term of
office. Telegrams were also received
from Theodore Roosevelt, Jr., Vice-
President Dawes, Thomas A. Edison,
President Green of the American
Federation of Labor, Ambassador
Herrick, Cornelius Vanderbilt, the
American Society of Mechanical En
gineers, Elihu Root, many United
States Senators, members of the cabi
net ,and Governors of various states,
including lowa and Nebraska. Pade
rewski, former premier of Poland and
world-famous pianist, sent his con
gratulations to Hoover in a special
cable from London.
The President-elect spent the day
in acknowledging the messages sent
him by his friends throughout the
country, and in resting at his home.
It was indicated at Hoover headquar
ters that he would spend the rest of
the week at his home, making few if
any trips.
While Herbert C. Hoover rested in
ftiu home yesterday, telegrams of con
gratulation from the entire nation
poured into his office and nearly
swamped the staff. Among the tele
grams were two from prominent
Democrats, Henry Bayard Swope,
editor of the New York World, which
was Governor Smith's most ardent
supporter, and Governor Harry Byrd
of Virginia, who wished him "every
possible success and greatest person
al happiness" in his coming term of
office. Telegrams were also received
from Theodore Roosevelt, Jr., Vice-
President Dawes, Thomas A. Edison,
President Green of the American
Federation of Labor, Ambassador
Herrick, Cornelius Vanderbilt, the
American Society of Mechanical En
gineers, Elihu Root, many United
States Senators, members of the cabi
net ,and Governors of various states,
including lowa and Nebraska. Pade
rewski, former premier of Poland and
world-famous pianist, sent his con
gratulations to Hoover in a special
cable from London.
The President-elect spent the day
in acknowledging the messages sent
him by his friends throughout the
country, and in resting at his home.
It was indicated at Hoover headquar
ters that he would spend the rest of
the week at his home, making few if
any trips.
While Herbert C. Hoover rested in
ftiu home yesterday, telegrams of con
gratulation from the entire nation
poured into his office and nearly
swamped the staff. Among the tele
grams were two from prominent
Democrats, Henry Bayard Swope,
editor of the New York World, which
was Governor Smith's most ardent
supporter, and Governor Harry Byrd
of Virginia, who wished him "every
possible success and greatest person
al happiness" in his coming term of
office. Telegrams were also received
from Theodore Roosevelt, Jr., Vice-
President Dawes, Thomas A. Edison,
President Green of the American
Federation of Labor, Ambassador
Herrick, Cornelius Vanderbilt, the
American Society of Mechanical En
gineers, Elihu Root, many United
States Senators, members of the cabi
net ,and Governors of various states,
including lowa and Nebraska. Pade
rewski, former premier of Poland and
world-famous pianist, sent his con
gratulations to Hoover in a special
cable from London.
The President-elect spent the day
in acknowledging the messages sent
him by his friends throughout the
country, and in resting at his home.
It was indicated at Hoover headquar
ters that he would spend the rest of
the week at his home, making few if
any trips.
While Herbert C. Hoover rested in
ftiu home yesterday, telegrams of con
gratulation from the entire nation
poured into his office and nearly
swamped the staff. Among the tele
grams were two from prominent
Democrats, Henry Bayard Swope,
editor of the New York World, which
was Governor Smith's most ardent
supporter, and Governor Harry Byrd
of Virginia, who wished him "every
possible success and greatest person
al happiness" in his coming term of
office. Telegrams were also received
from Theodore Roosevelt, Jr., Vice-
President Dawes, Thomas A. Edison,
President Green of the American
Federation of Labor, Ambassador
Herrick, Cornelius Vanderbilt, the
American Society of Mechanical En
gineers, Elihu Root, many United
States Senators, members of the cabi
net ,and Governors of various states,
including lowa and Nebraska. Pade
rewski, former premier of Poland and
world-famous pianist, sent his con
gratulations to Hoover in a special
cable from London.
The President-elect spent the day
in acknowledging the messages sent
him by his friends throughout the
country, and in resting at his home.
It was indicated at Hoover headquar
ters that he would spend the rest of
the week at his home, making few if
any trips.
While Herbert C. Hoover rested in
ftiu home yesterday, telegrams of con
gratulation from the entire nation
poured into his office and nearly
swamped the staff. Among the tele
grams were two from prominent
Democrats, Henry Bayard Swope,
editor of the New York World, which
was Governor Smith's most ardent
supporter, and Governor Harry Byrd
of Virginia, who wished him "every
possible success and greatest person
al happiness" in his coming term of
office. Telegrams were also received
from Theodore Roosevelt, Jr., Vice-
President Dawes, Thomas A. Edison,
President Green of the American
Federation of Labor, Ambassador
Herrick, Cornelius Vanderbilt, the
American Society of Mechanical En
gineers, Elihu Root, many United
States Senators, members of the cabi
net ,and Governors of various states,
including lowa and Nebraska. Pade
rewski, former premier of Poland and
world-famous pianist, sent his con
gratulations to Hoover in a special
cable from London.
The President-elect spent the day
in acknowledging the messages sent
him by his friends throughout the
country, and in resting at his home.
It was indicated at Hoover headquar
ters that he would spend the rest of
the week at his home, making few if
any trips.
While Herbert C. Hoover rested in
ftiu home yesterday, telegrams of con
gratulation from the entire nation
poured into his office and nearly
swamped the staff. Among the tele
grams were two from prominent
Democrats, Henry Bayard Swope,
editor of the New York World, which
was Governor Smith's most ardent
supporter, and Governor Harry Byrd
of Virginia, who wished him "every
possible success and greatest person
al happiness" in his coming term of
office. Telegrams were also received
from Theodore Roosevelt, Jr., Vice-
President Dawes, Thomas A. Edison,
President Green of the American
Federation of Labor, Ambassador
Herrick, Cornelius Vanderbilt, the
American Society of Mechanical En
gineers, Elihu Root, many United
States Senators, members of the cabi
net ,and Governors of various states,
including lowa and Nebraska. Pade
rewski, former premier of Poland and
world-famous pianist, sent his con
gratulations to Hoover in a special
cable from London.
The President-elect spent the day
in acknowledging the messages sent
him by his friends throughout the
country, and in resting at his home.
It was indicated at Hoover headquar
ters that he would spend the rest of
the week at his home, making few if
any trips.
