# FRESHMEN REACH SEMI-FINAL PLAY OF NET TOURNEY
## 
### 
Finals of the 1928 class tennis cham
pionships moved a step nearer during the
past few days with the playing off of two
third-round and eight second-round
matches.
In the freshman division H. Bancroft
defeated R. Robinson 6-3, 6-3, and G.
Torney downed L. Weeks 6-1, 6-4, thus
advancing to the semi-final round. The
other two semi-final positions will be
filled by the winners of the H. Logan vs.
W. Johnson and the T. Lambert vs. C.
McCoy matches.
Two sophomores, J. Westhieiner and
J. Wilson, have reached the third round
of their division; while only one player,
B. James, has advanced to the third round
in the Junior play. L. Farwell reached
the third round in the senior division by
defeating P. Savage, 6-1, 6-3.
The winners of each class division will
compete for the University championship.
Finals of the 1928 class tennis cham
pionships moved a step nearer during the
past few days with the playing off of two
third-round and eight second-round
matches.
In the freshman division H. Bancroft
defeated R. Robinson 6-3, 6-3, and G.
Torney downed L. Weeks 6-1, 6-4, thus
advancing to the semi-final round. The
other two semi-final positions will be
filled by the winners of the H. Logan vs.
W. Johnson and the T. Lambert vs. C.
McCoy matches.
Two sophomores, J. Westhieiner and
J. Wilson, have reached the third round
of their division; while only one player,
B. James, has advanced to the third round
in the Junior play. L. Farwell reached
the third round in the senior division by
defeating P. Savage, 6-1, 6-3.
The winners of each class division will
compete for the University championship.
Finals of the 1928 class tennis cham
pionships moved a step nearer during the
past few days with the playing off of two
third-round and eight second-round
matches.
In the freshman division H. Bancroft
defeated R. Robinson 6-3, 6-3, and G.
Torney downed L. Weeks 6-1, 6-4, thus
advancing to the semi-final round. The
other two semi-final positions will be
filled by the winners of the H. Logan vs.
W. Johnson and the T. Lambert vs. C.
McCoy matches.
Two sophomores, J. Westhieiner and
J. Wilson, have reached the third round
of their division; while only one player,
B. James, has advanced to the third round
in the Junior play. L. Farwell reached
the third round in the senior division by
defeating P. Savage, 6-1, 6-3.
The winners of each class division will
compete for the University championship.
Finals of the 1928 class tennis cham
pionships moved a step nearer during the
past few days with the playing off of two
third-round and eight second-round
matches.
In the freshman division H. Bancroft
defeated R. Robinson 6-3, 6-3, and G.
Torney downed L. Weeks 6-1, 6-4, thus
advancing to the semi-final round. The
other two semi-final positions will be
filled by the winners of the H. Logan vs.
W. Johnson and the T. Lambert vs. C.
McCoy matches.
Two sophomores, J. Westhieiner and
J. Wilson, have reached the third round
of their division; while only one player,
B. James, has advanced to the third round
in the Junior play. L. Farwell reached
the third round in the senior division by
defeating P. Savage, 6-1, 6-3.
The winners of each class division will
compete for the University championship.
Finals of the 1928 class tennis cham
pionships moved a step nearer during the
past few days with the playing off of two
third-round and eight second-round
matches.
In the freshman division H. Bancroft
defeated R. Robinson 6-3, 6-3, and G.
Torney downed L. Weeks 6-1, 6-4, thus
advancing to the semi-final round. The
other two semi-final positions will be
filled by the winners of the H. Logan vs.
W. Johnson and the T. Lambert vs. C.
McCoy matches.
Two sophomores, J. Westhieiner and
J. Wilson, have reached the third round
of their division; while only one player,
B. James, has advanced to the third round
in the Junior play. L. Farwell reached
the third round in the senior division by
defeating P. Savage, 6-1, 6-3.
The winners of each class division will
compete for the University championship.
Finals of the 1928 class tennis cham
pionships moved a step nearer during the
past few days with the playing off of two
third-round and eight second-round
matches.
In the freshman division H. Bancroft
defeated R. Robinson 6-3, 6-3, and G.
Torney downed L. Weeks 6-1, 6-4, thus
advancing to the semi-final round. The
other two semi-final positions will be
filled by the winners of the H. Logan vs.
W. Johnson and the T. Lambert vs. C.
McCoy matches.
Two sophomores, J. Westhieiner and
J. Wilson, have reached the third round
of their division; while only one player,
B. James, has advanced to the third round
in the Junior play. L. Farwell reached
the third round in the senior division by
defeating P. Savage, 6-1, 6-3.
The winners of each class division will
compete for the University championship.
Finals of the 1928 class tennis cham
pionships moved a step nearer during the
past few days with the playing off of two
third-round and eight second-round
matches.
In the freshman division H. Bancroft
defeated R. Robinson 6-3, 6-3, and G.
Torney downed L. Weeks 6-1, 6-4, thus
advancing to the semi-final round. The
other two semi-final positions will be
filled by the winners of the H. Logan vs.
W. Johnson and the T. Lambert vs. C.
McCoy matches.
Two sophomores, J. Westhieiner and
J. Wilson, have reached the third round
of their division; while only one player,
B. James, has advanced to the third round
in the Junior play. L. Farwell reached
the third round in the senior division by
defeating P. Savage, 6-1, 6-3.
The winners of each class division will
compete for the University championship.
Finals of the 1928 class tennis cham
pionships moved a step nearer during the
past few days with the playing off of two
third-round and eight second-round
matches.
In the freshman division H. Bancroft
defeated R. Robinson 6-3, 6-3, and G.
Torney downed L. Weeks 6-1, 6-4, thus
advancing to the semi-final round. The
other two semi-final positions will be
filled by the winners of the H. Logan vs.
W. Johnson and the T. Lambert vs. C.
McCoy matches.
Two sophomores, J. Westhieiner and
J. Wilson, have reached the third round
of their division; while only one player,
B. James, has advanced to the third round
in the Junior play. L. Farwell reached
the third round in the senior division by
defeating P. Savage, 6-1, 6-3.
The winners of each class division will
compete for the University championship.
Finals of the 1928 class tennis cham
pionships moved a step nearer during the
past few days with the playing off of two
third-round and eight second-round
matches.
In the freshman division H. Bancroft
defeated R. Robinson 6-3, 6-3, and G.
Torney downed L. Weeks 6-1, 6-4, thus
advancing to the semi-final round. The
other two semi-final positions will be
filled by the winners of the H. Logan vs.
W. Johnson and the T. Lambert vs. C.
McCoy matches.
Two sophomores, J. Westhieiner and
J. Wilson, have reached the third round
of their division; while only one player,
B. James, has advanced to the third round
in the Junior play. L. Farwell reached
the third round in the senior division by
defeating P. Savage, 6-1, 6-3.
The winners of each class division will
compete for the University championship.
Finals of the 1928 class tennis cham
pionships moved a step nearer during the
past few days with the playing off of two
third-round and eight second-round
matches.
In the freshman division H. Bancroft
defeated R. Robinson 6-3, 6-3, and G.
Torney downed L. Weeks 6-1, 6-4, thus
advancing to the semi-final round. The
other two semi-final positions will be
filled by the winners of the H. Logan vs.
W. Johnson and the T. Lambert vs. C.
McCoy matches.
Two sophomores, J. Westhieiner and
J. Wilson, have reached the third round
of their division; while only one player,
B. James, has advanced to the third round
in the Junior play. L. Farwell reached
the third round in the senior division by
defeating P. Savage, 6-1, 6-3.
The winners of each class division will
compete for the University championship.
Finals of the 1928 class tennis cham
pionships moved a step nearer during the
past few days with the playing off of two
third-round and eight second-round
matches.
In the freshman division H. Bancroft
defeated R. Robinson 6-3, 6-3, and G.
Torney downed L. Weeks 6-1, 6-4, thus
advancing to the semi-final round. The
other two semi-final positions will be
filled by the winners of the H. Logan vs.
W. Johnson and the T. Lambert vs. C.
McCoy matches.
Two sophomores, J. Westhieiner and
J. Wilson, have reached the third round
of their division; while only one player,
B. James, has advanced to the third round
in the Junior play. L. Farwell reached
the third round in the senior division by
defeating P. Savage, 6-1, 6-3.
The winners of each class division will
compete for the University championship.
Finals of the 1928 class tennis cham
pionships moved a step nearer during the
past few days with the playing off of two
third-round and eight second-round
matches.
In the freshman division H. Bancroft
defeated R. Robinson 6-3, 6-3, and G.
Torney downed L. Weeks 6-1, 6-4, thus
advancing to the semi-final round. The
other two semi-final positions will be
filled by the winners of the H. Logan vs.
W. Johnson and the T. Lambert vs. C.
McCoy matches.
Two sophomores, J. Westhieiner and
J. Wilson, have reached the third round
of their division; while only one player,
B. James, has advanced to the third round
in the Junior play. L. Farwell reached
the third round in the senior division by
defeating P. Savage, 6-1, 6-3.
The winners of each class division will
compete for the University championship.
Finals of the 1928 class tennis cham
pionships moved a step nearer during the
past few days with the playing off of two
third-round and eight second-round
matches.
In the freshman division H. Bancroft
defeated R. Robinson 6-3, 6-3, and G.
Torney downed L. Weeks 6-1, 6-4, thus
advancing to the semi-final round. The
other two semi-final positions will be
filled by the winners of the H. Logan vs.
W. Johnson and the T. Lambert vs. C.
McCoy matches.
Two sophomores, J. Westhieiner and
J. Wilson, have reached the third round
of their division; while only one player,
B. James, has advanced to the third round
in the Junior play. L. Farwell reached
the third round in the senior division by
defeating P. Savage, 6-1, 6-3.
The winners of each class division will
compete for the University championship.
Finals of the 1928 class tennis cham
pionships moved a step nearer during the
past few days with the playing off of two
third-round and eight second-round
matches.
In the freshman division H. Bancroft
defeated R. Robinson 6-3, 6-3, and G.
Torney downed L. Weeks 6-1, 6-4, thus
advancing to the semi-final round. The
other two semi-final positions will be
filled by the winners of the H. Logan vs.
W. Johnson and the T. Lambert vs. C.
McCoy matches.
Two sophomores, J. Westhieiner and
J. Wilson, have reached the third round
of their division; while only one player,
B. James, has advanced to the third round
in the Junior play. L. Farwell reached
the third round in the senior division by
defeating P. Savage, 6-1, 6-3.
The winners of each class division will
compete for the University championship.
Finals of the 1928 class tennis cham
pionships moved a step nearer during the
past few days with the playing off of two
third-round and eight second-round
matches.
In the freshman division H. Bancroft
defeated R. Robinson 6-3, 6-3, and G.
Torney downed L. Weeks 6-1, 6-4, thus
advancing to the semi-final round. The
other two semi-final positions will be
filled by the winners of the H. Logan vs.
W. Johnson and the T. Lambert vs. C.
McCoy matches.
Two sophomores, J. Westhieiner and
J. Wilson, have reached the third round
of their division; while only one player,
B. James, has advanced to the third round
in the Junior play. L. Farwell reached
the third round in the senior division by
defeating P. Savage, 6-1, 6-3.
The winners of each class division will
compete for the University championship.
Finals of the 1928 class tennis cham
pionships moved a step nearer during the
past few days with the playing off of two
third-round and eight second-round
matches.
In the freshman division H. Bancroft
defeated R. Robinson 6-3, 6-3, and G.
Torney downed L. Weeks 6-1, 6-4, thus
advancing to the semi-final round. The
other two semi-final positions will be
filled by the winners of the H. Logan vs.
W. Johnson and the T. Lambert vs. C.
McCoy matches.
Two sophomores, J. Westhieiner and
J. Wilson, have reached the third round
of their division; while only one player,
B. James, has advanced to the third round
in the Junior play. L. Farwell reached
the third round in the senior division by
defeating P. Savage, 6-1, 6-3.
The winners of each class division will
compete for the University championship.
