# DAILY PROMOTIONS
## 
### 
Daily Editorial Board announced
the promotion of Ralph Handy to
head copy editor Sunday.
Appointment of Dave Armor and
John Don levy as cub reporters on
the editorial staff was also an
nounced.
Daily Editorial Board announced
the promotion of Ralph Handy to
head copy editor Sunday.
Appointment of Dave Armor and
John Don levy as cub reporters on
the editorial staff was also an
nounced.
Daily Editorial Board announced
the promotion of Ralph Handy to
head copy editor Sunday.
Appointment of Dave Armor and
John Don levy as cub reporters on
the editorial staff was also an
nounced.
Daily Editorial Board announced
the promotion of Ralph Handy to
head copy editor Sunday.
Appointment of Dave Armor and
John Don levy as cub reporters on
the editorial staff was also an
nounced.
Daily Editorial Board announced
the promotion of Ralph Handy to
head copy editor Sunday.
Appointment of Dave Armor and
John Don levy as cub reporters on
the editorial staff was also an
nounced.
Daily Editorial Board announced
the promotion of Ralph Handy to
head copy editor Sunday.
Appointment of Dave Armor and
John Don levy as cub reporters on
the editorial staff was also an
nounced.
Daily Editorial Board announced
the promotion of Ralph Handy to
head copy editor Sunday.
Appointment of Dave Armor and
John Don levy as cub reporters on
the editorial staff was also an
nounced.
Daily Editorial Board announced
the promotion of Ralph Handy to
head copy editor Sunday.
Appointment of Dave Armor and
John Don levy as cub reporters on
the editorial staff was also an
nounced.
Daily Editorial Board announced
the promotion of Ralph Handy to
head copy editor Sunday.
Appointment of Dave Armor and
John Don levy as cub reporters on
the editorial staff was also an
nounced.
Daily Editorial Board announced
the promotion of Ralph Handy to
head copy editor Sunday.
Appointment of Dave Armor and
John Don levy as cub reporters on
the editorial staff was also an
nounced.
Daily Editorial Board announced
the promotion of Ralph Handy to
head copy editor Sunday.
Appointment of Dave Armor and
John Don levy as cub reporters on
the editorial staff was also an
nounced.
Daily Editorial Board announced
the promotion of Ralph Handy to
head copy editor Sunday.
Appointment of Dave Armor and
John Don levy as cub reporters on
the editorial staff was also an
nounced.
Daily Editorial Board announced
the promotion of Ralph Handy to
head copy editor Sunday.
Appointment of Dave Armor and
John Don levy as cub reporters on
the editorial staff was also an
nounced.
Daily Editorial Board announced
the promotion of Ralph Handy to
head copy editor Sunday.
Appointment of Dave Armor and
John Don levy as cub reporters on
the editorial staff was also an
nounced.
