# Curbs on Economy
## 
### 
WASHINGTON — Mobilization
Director W. Stuart Symington said
today the nation can still avoid
wage-price controls if other curbs
are used strictly enough and busi
ness and labor aren't too greedy.
But he added that "a few selected
price controls might be a construc
tive" way to both check unfair price
rises and show up some profiteer
ing."
WASHINGTON — Mobilization
Director W. Stuart Symington said
today the nation can still avoid
wage-price controls if other curbs
are used strictly enough and busi
ness and labor aren't too greedy.
But he added that "a few selected
price controls might be a construc
tive" way to both check unfair price
rises and show up some profiteer
ing."
WASHINGTON — Mobilization
Director W. Stuart Symington said
today the nation can still avoid
wage-price controls if other curbs
are used strictly enough and busi
ness and labor aren't too greedy.
But he added that "a few selected
price controls might be a construc
tive" way to both check unfair price
rises and show up some profiteer
ing."
WASHINGTON — Mobilization
Director W. Stuart Symington said
today the nation can still avoid
wage-price controls if other curbs
are used strictly enough and busi
ness and labor aren't too greedy.
But he added that "a few selected
price controls might be a construc
tive" way to both check unfair price
rises and show up some profiteer
ing."
WASHINGTON — Mobilization
Director W. Stuart Symington said
today the nation can still avoid
wage-price controls if other curbs
are used strictly enough and busi
ness and labor aren't too greedy.
But he added that "a few selected
price controls might be a construc
tive" way to both check unfair price
rises and show up some profiteer
ing."
WASHINGTON — Mobilization
Director W. Stuart Symington said
today the nation can still avoid
wage-price controls if other curbs
are used strictly enough and busi
ness and labor aren't too greedy.
But he added that "a few selected
price controls might be a construc
tive" way to both check unfair price
rises and show up some profiteer
ing."
WASHINGTON — Mobilization
Director W. Stuart Symington said
today the nation can still avoid
wage-price controls if other curbs
are used strictly enough and busi
ness and labor aren't too greedy.
But he added that "a few selected
price controls might be a construc
tive" way to both check unfair price
rises and show up some profiteer
ing."
WASHINGTON — Mobilization
Director W. Stuart Symington said
today the nation can still avoid
wage-price controls if other curbs
are used strictly enough and busi
ness and labor aren't too greedy.
But he added that "a few selected
price controls might be a construc
tive" way to both check unfair price
rises and show up some profiteer
ing."
WASHINGTON — Mobilization
Director W. Stuart Symington said
today the nation can still avoid
wage-price controls if other curbs
are used strictly enough and busi
ness and labor aren't too greedy.
But he added that "a few selected
price controls might be a construc
tive" way to both check unfair price
rises and show up some profiteer
ing."
WASHINGTON — Mobilization
Director W. Stuart Symington said
today the nation can still avoid
wage-price controls if other curbs
are used strictly enough and busi
ness and labor aren't too greedy.
But he added that "a few selected
price controls might be a construc
tive" way to both check unfair price
rises and show up some profiteer
ing."
WASHINGTON — Mobilization
Director W. Stuart Symington said
today the nation can still avoid
wage-price controls if other curbs
are used strictly enough and busi
ness and labor aren't too greedy.
But he added that "a few selected
price controls might be a construc
tive" way to both check unfair price
rises and show up some profiteer
ing."
WASHINGTON — Mobilization
Director W. Stuart Symington said
today the nation can still avoid
wage-price controls if other curbs
are used strictly enough and busi
ness and labor aren't too greedy.
But he added that "a few selected
price controls might be a construc
tive" way to both check unfair price
rises and show up some profiteer
ing."
WASHINGTON — Mobilization
Director W. Stuart Symington said
today the nation can still avoid
wage-price controls if other curbs
are used strictly enough and busi
ness and labor aren't too greedy.
But he added that "a few selected
price controls might be a construc
tive" way to both check unfair price
rises and show up some profiteer
ing."
WASHINGTON — Mobilization
Director W. Stuart Symington said
today the nation can still avoid
wage-price controls if other curbs
are used strictly enough and busi
ness and labor aren't too greedy.
But he added that "a few selected
price controls might be a construc
tive" way to both check unfair price
rises and show up some profiteer
ing."
