# NAACP
## 
### 
There will be a meeting of the
NAACP this afternoon at 4:15
down&tairs in the Women's Club
house. Everyone interested will be
welcome.
There will be a meeting of the
NAACP this afternoon at 4:15
down&tairs in the Women's Club
house. Everyone interested will be
welcome.
There will be a meeting of the
NAACP this afternoon at 4:15
down&tairs in the Women's Club
house. Everyone interested will be
welcome.
There will be a meeting of the
NAACP this afternoon at 4:15
down&tairs in the Women's Club
house. Everyone interested will be
welcome.
There will be a meeting of the
NAACP this afternoon at 4:15
down&tairs in the Women's Club
house. Everyone interested will be
welcome.
There will be a meeting of the
NAACP this afternoon at 4:15
down&tairs in the Women's Club
house. Everyone interested will be
welcome.
There will be a meeting of the
NAACP this afternoon at 4:15
down&tairs in the Women's Club
house. Everyone interested will be
welcome.
There will be a meeting of the
NAACP this afternoon at 4:15
down&tairs in the Women's Club
house. Everyone interested will be
welcome.
There will be a meeting of the
NAACP this afternoon at 4:15
down&tairs in the Women's Club
house. Everyone interested will be
welcome.
There will be a meeting of the
NAACP this afternoon at 4:15
down&tairs in the Women's Club
house. Everyone interested will be
welcome.
There will be a meeting of the
NAACP this afternoon at 4:15
down&tairs in the Women's Club
house. Everyone interested will be
welcome.
There will be a meeting of the
NAACP this afternoon at 4:15
down&tairs in the Women's Club
house. Everyone interested will be
welcome.
There will be a meeting of the
NAACP this afternoon at 4:15
down&tairs in the Women's Club
house. Everyone interested will be
welcome.
There will be a meeting of the
NAACP this afternoon at 4:15
down&tairs in the Women's Club
house. Everyone interested will be
welcome.
