# SKI CLUB
## 
### 
The Stanford Ski C'.ub will meet
this evening at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Everyone is welcome.
Federation of International Skiers
and Sun Valley colored movies will
be shown.
The Stanford Ski C'.ub will meet
this evening at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Everyone is welcome.
Federation of International Skiers
and Sun Valley colored movies will
be shown.
The Stanford Ski C'.ub will meet
this evening at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Everyone is welcome.
Federation of International Skiers
and Sun Valley colored movies will
be shown.
The Stanford Ski C'.ub will meet
this evening at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Everyone is welcome.
Federation of International Skiers
and Sun Valley colored movies will
be shown.
The Stanford Ski C'.ub will meet
this evening at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Everyone is welcome.
Federation of International Skiers
and Sun Valley colored movies will
be shown.
The Stanford Ski C'.ub will meet
this evening at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Everyone is welcome.
Federation of International Skiers
and Sun Valley colored movies will
be shown.
The Stanford Ski C'.ub will meet
this evening at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Everyone is welcome.
Federation of International Skiers
and Sun Valley colored movies will
be shown.
The Stanford Ski C'.ub will meet
this evening at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Everyone is welcome.
Federation of International Skiers
and Sun Valley colored movies will
be shown.
The Stanford Ski C'.ub will meet
this evening at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Everyone is welcome.
Federation of International Skiers
and Sun Valley colored movies will
be shown.
The Stanford Ski C'.ub will meet
this evening at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Everyone is welcome.
Federation of International Skiers
and Sun Valley colored movies will
be shown.
The Stanford Ski C'.ub will meet
this evening at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Everyone is welcome.
Federation of International Skiers
and Sun Valley colored movies will
be shown.
The Stanford Ski C'.ub will meet
this evening at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Everyone is welcome.
Federation of International Skiers
and Sun Valley colored movies will
be shown.
The Stanford Ski C'.ub will meet
this evening at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Everyone is welcome.
Federation of International Skiers
and Sun Valley colored movies will
be shown.
The Stanford Ski C'.ub will meet
this evening at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Everyone is welcome.
Federation of International Skiers
and Sun Valley colored movies will
be shown.
