# LAST REGISTRATION TODAY
## 
### 
Today is the final date for regis
tering for the fall quarter. Accord
irv, to Registrar Harvey Hall, a $10
late registration fine will be im
posts!,
Today is the final date for regis
tering for the fall quarter. Accord
irv, to Registrar Harvey Hall, a $10
late registration fine will be im
posts!,
Today is the final date for regis
tering for the fall quarter. Accord
irv, to Registrar Harvey Hall, a $10
late registration fine will be im
posts!,
Today is the final date for regis
tering for the fall quarter. Accord
irv, to Registrar Harvey Hall, a $10
late registration fine will be im
posts!,
Today is the final date for regis
tering for the fall quarter. Accord
irv, to Registrar Harvey Hall, a $10
late registration fine will be im
posts!,
Today is the final date for regis
tering for the fall quarter. Accord
irv, to Registrar Harvey Hall, a $10
late registration fine will be im
posts!,
Today is the final date for regis
tering for the fall quarter. Accord
irv, to Registrar Harvey Hall, a $10
late registration fine will be im
posts!,
Today is the final date for regis
tering for the fall quarter. Accord
irv, to Registrar Harvey Hall, a $10
late registration fine will be im
posts!,
Today is the final date for regis
tering for the fall quarter. Accord
irv, to Registrar Harvey Hall, a $10
late registration fine will be im
posts!,
Today is the final date for regis
tering for the fall quarter. Accord
irv, to Registrar Harvey Hall, a $10
late registration fine will be im
posts!,
Today is the final date for regis
tering for the fall quarter. Accord
irv, to Registrar Harvey Hall, a $10
late registration fine will be im
posts!,
Today is the final date for regis
tering for the fall quarter. Accord
irv, to Registrar Harvey Hall, a $10
late registration fine will be im
posts!,
Today is the final date for regis
tering for the fall quarter. Accord
irv, to Registrar Harvey Hall, a $10
late registration fine will be im
posts!,
Today is the final date for regis
tering for the fall quarter. Accord
irv, to Registrar Harvey Hall, a $10
late registration fine will be im
posts!,
