# Untitled Article
## 
### 

ANGLER HOOVER was an avid
fisherman from his childhood un.
II has always been a favorite rec
reation of the former President.

ANGLER HOOVER was an avid
fisherman from his childhood un.
II has always been a favorite rec
reation of the former President.

ANGLER HOOVER was an avid
fisherman from his childhood un.
II has always been a favorite rec
reation of the former President.

ANGLER HOOVER was an avid
fisherman from his childhood un.
II has always been a favorite rec
reation of the former President.

ANGLER HOOVER was an avid
fisherman from his childhood un.
II has always been a favorite rec
reation of the former President.

ANGLER HOOVER was an avid
fisherman from his childhood un.
II has always been a favorite rec
reation of the former President.

ANGLER HOOVER was an avid
fisherman from his childhood un.
II has always been a favorite rec
reation of the former President.

ANGLER HOOVER was an avid
fisherman from his childhood un.
II has always been a favorite rec
reation of the former President.

ANGLER HOOVER was an avid
fisherman from his childhood un.
II has always been a favorite rec
reation of the former President.

ANGLER HOOVER was an avid
fisherman from his childhood un.
II has always been a favorite rec
reation of the former President.

ANGLER HOOVER was an avid
fisherman from his childhood un.
II has always been a favorite rec
reation of the former President.

ANGLER HOOVER was an avid
fisherman from his childhood un.
II has always been a favorite rec
reation of the former President.

ANGLER HOOVER was an avid
fisherman from his childhood un.
II has always been a favorite rec
reation of the former President.

ANGLER HOOVER was an avid
fisherman from his childhood un.
II has always been a favorite rec
reation of the former President.
