# Untitled Article
## 
### 
When Hoover fust came to Stanford
he earned his train fare by tu
toring a banker's son in mathe
matics.
When Hoover fust came to Stanford
he earned his train fare by tu
toring a banker's son in mathe
matics.
When Hoover fust came to Stanford
he earned his train fare by tu
toring a banker's son in mathe
matics.
When Hoover fust came to Stanford
he earned his train fare by tu
toring a banker's son in mathe
matics.
When Hoover fust came to Stanford
he earned his train fare by tu
toring a banker's son in mathe
matics.
When Hoover fust came to Stanford
he earned his train fare by tu
toring a banker's son in mathe
matics.
When Hoover fust came to Stanford
he earned his train fare by tu
toring a banker's son in mathe
matics.
When Hoover fust came to Stanford
he earned his train fare by tu
toring a banker's son in mathe
matics.
When Hoover fust came to Stanford
he earned his train fare by tu
toring a banker's son in mathe
matics.
When Hoover fust came to Stanford
he earned his train fare by tu
toring a banker's son in mathe
matics.
When Hoover fust came to Stanford
he earned his train fare by tu
toring a banker's son in mathe
matics.
When Hoover fust came to Stanford
he earned his train fare by tu
toring a banker's son in mathe
matics.
When Hoover fust came to Stanford
he earned his train fare by tu
toring a banker's son in mathe
matics.
When Hoover fust came to Stanford
he earned his train fare by tu
toring a banker's son in mathe
matics.
