# MAYFIELD AND STANFORD UNIVERSITY.
## Shall the Campus be Incorporated as Part of the Town? No! 
### 
The following notice appeared on
several bulletin boards this moru
ing: "All students (male) living in
Encina Hall, on the campus, or in
May field, are requested to appear at
the registrar's oflice sometime dur
ing the day on important business
matter."
Men looked at each other with
puzzled expressions on their faces.
•Guilty looks appeared here and
there among the little knots gathered
in the arcade. In the registrar's
office were scores of male students
waiting their turn to inspect a type
written document on the desk. The
paper contained au elaborate peti
tion ' To the Honorable Board of
Supervisors of the County of Santa
Clara, State of California," and the
first name signed to it was that of
President Jordan, with a long list
of professors following.
Mayfield, in wishing to be incor
porated as a town, has included
within the proposed town limits a
very extensive territory. The sub
stance of the petition can be in
ferred from it:
"That, in the opinion of jour peti
tioners, the large area of farming
and marsh lands which are included
within said boundaries are wholly
unnecessary for the purpose of any
town organization, and it the same
shall be permitted to remain therein
the result will be injurious to the
owners thereof, and of no possible
utility to the public. Your peti
tioners further represent that said
boundaries also include all of the
most valuable portion of the Leland
Stanford Jr. University premises,
embracing all of ihe college budd
ings and accessories."
Referring to the incorporation of
the town as proposed, it says:
"Such an act would be mere spoil
iation, and a device by which the
funds devoted by the founders to
the establishment of a public insti
tution of a world famous reputation
are wrested from their legitimate
application and converted to the
use of the owners of adjoiuing prop
erty."
It is conceded that Ma} field may
rightfully include the old town of
Mayfield, College Terrace, and
Dornberger's addition within its
limits; but the unanimous decision
of the membeia of the faculty and
the male students of the University
who are voters or simply residents
in this precinct is that the lands'

outside of the above mentioned dis
tricts should not be included in the
town. "Were the carnpug included
in this town it would be Stanford
University, Mayfield, Cal., and not
Stanford University, Palo Alto, Cal.
The following notice appeared on
several bulletin boards this moru
ing: "All students (male) living in
Encina Hall, on the campus, or in
May field, are requested to appear at
the registrar's oflice sometime dur
ing the day on important business
matter."
Men looked at each other with
puzzled expressions on their faces.
•Guilty looks appeared here and
there among the little knots gathered
in the arcade. In the registrar's
office were scores of male students
waiting their turn to inspect a type
written document on the desk. The
paper contained au elaborate peti
tion ' To the Honorable Board of
Supervisors of the County of Santa
Clara, State of California," and the
first name signed to it was that of
President Jordan, with a long list
of professors following.
Mayfield, in wishing to be incor
porated as a town, has included
within the proposed town limits a
very extensive territory. The sub
stance of the petition can be in
ferred from it:
"That, in the opinion of jour peti
tioners, the large area of farming
and marsh lands which are included
within said boundaries are wholly
unnecessary for the purpose of any
town organization, and it the same
shall be permitted to remain therein
the result will be injurious to the
owners thereof, and of no possible
utility to the public. Your peti
tioners further represent that said
boundaries also include all of the
most valuable portion of the Leland
Stanford Jr. University premises,
embracing all of ihe college budd
ings and accessories."
Referring to the incorporation of
the town as proposed, it says:
"Such an act would be mere spoil
iation, and a device by which the
funds devoted by the founders to
the establishment of a public insti
tution of a world famous reputation
are wrested from their legitimate
application and converted to the
use of the owners of adjoiuing prop
erty."
It is conceded that Ma} field may
rightfully include the old town of
Mayfield, College Terrace, and
Dornberger's addition within its
limits; but the unanimous decision
of the membeia of the faculty and
the male students of the University
who are voters or simply residents
in this precinct is that the lands'

outside of the above mentioned dis
tricts should not be included in the
town. "Were the carnpug included
in this town it would be Stanford
University, Mayfield, Cal., and not
Stanford University, Palo Alto, Cal.
