# 'Operation' Film Showing Scheduled
## 
### 
“Operation Correction,’ bill
ed as the answer to the House
Committee on Un-American
Activities’ movie “Operation
Abolition.’’ will be shown at
8 p.m. tonight at 855 Par
tridge, Menlo Park.
The movie was filmed by
the American Civil Liberties
Union, Peter Saego. an ACLU
representative, will be on
hand to lead a discussion fol
lowing the showing. Tonight’s
program is sponsored by
Controversy, a Menlo Park
political discussion group.
El Campo eating club will
show both of these films in
Memorial Auditorium at 4:15
Tuesday. Feb. 6, according to
John Miller. There are as yet
no plans for any sort of dis
cussion in connection with
the screening, Miller said.
“Operation Correction,’ bill
ed as the answer to the House
Committee on Un-American
Activities’ movie “Operation
Abolition.’’ will be shown at
8 p.m. tonight at 855 Par
tridge, Menlo Park.
The movie was filmed by
the American Civil Liberties
Union, Peter Saego. an ACLU
representative, will be on
hand to lead a discussion fol
lowing the showing. Tonight’s
program is sponsored by
Controversy, a Menlo Park
political discussion group.
El Campo eating club will
show both of these films in
Memorial Auditorium at 4:15
Tuesday. Feb. 6, according to
John Miller. There are as yet
no plans for any sort of dis
cussion in connection with
the screening, Miller said.
“Operation Correction,’ bill
ed as the answer to the House
Committee on Un-American
Activities’ movie “Operation
Abolition.’’ will be shown at
8 p.m. tonight at 855 Par
tridge, Menlo Park.
The movie was filmed by
the American Civil Liberties
Union, Peter Saego. an ACLU
representative, will be on
hand to lead a discussion fol
lowing the showing. Tonight’s
program is sponsored by
Controversy, a Menlo Park
political discussion group.
El Campo eating club will
show both of these films in
Memorial Auditorium at 4:15
Tuesday. Feb. 6, according to
John Miller. There are as yet
no plans for any sort of dis
cussion in connection with
the screening, Miller said.
“Operation Correction,’ bill
ed as the answer to the House
Committee on Un-American
Activities’ movie “Operation
Abolition.’’ will be shown at
8 p.m. tonight at 855 Par
tridge, Menlo Park.
The movie was filmed by
the American Civil Liberties
Union, Peter Saego. an ACLU
representative, will be on
hand to lead a discussion fol
lowing the showing. Tonight’s
program is sponsored by
Controversy, a Menlo Park
political discussion group.
El Campo eating club will
show both of these films in
Memorial Auditorium at 4:15
Tuesday. Feb. 6, according to
John Miller. There are as yet
no plans for any sort of dis
cussion in connection with
the screening, Miller said.
“Operation Correction,’ bill
ed as the answer to the House
Committee on Un-American
Activities’ movie “Operation
Abolition.’’ will be shown at
8 p.m. tonight at 855 Par
tridge, Menlo Park.
The movie was filmed by
the American Civil Liberties
Union, Peter Saego. an ACLU
representative, will be on
hand to lead a discussion fol
lowing the showing. Tonight’s
program is sponsored by
Controversy, a Menlo Park
political discussion group.
El Campo eating club will
show both of these films in
Memorial Auditorium at 4:15
Tuesday. Feb. 6, according to
John Miller. There are as yet
no plans for any sort of dis
cussion in connection with
the screening, Miller said.
“Operation Correction,’ bill
ed as the answer to the House
Committee on Un-American
Activities’ movie “Operation
Abolition.’’ will be shown at
8 p.m. tonight at 855 Par
tridge, Menlo Park.
The movie was filmed by
the American Civil Liberties
Union, Peter Saego. an ACLU
representative, will be on
hand to lead a discussion fol
lowing the showing. Tonight’s
program is sponsored by
Controversy, a Menlo Park
political discussion group.
El Campo eating club will
show both of these films in
Memorial Auditorium at 4:15
Tuesday. Feb. 6, according to
John Miller. There are as yet
no plans for any sort of dis
cussion in connection with
the screening, Miller said.
“Operation Correction,’ bill
ed as the answer to the House
Committee on Un-American
Activities’ movie “Operation
Abolition.’’ will be shown at
8 p.m. tonight at 855 Par
tridge, Menlo Park.
The movie was filmed by
the American Civil Liberties
Union, Peter Saego. an ACLU
representative, will be on
hand to lead a discussion fol
lowing the showing. Tonight’s
program is sponsored by
Controversy, a Menlo Park
political discussion group.
El Campo eating club will
show both of these films in
Memorial Auditorium at 4:15
Tuesday. Feb. 6, according to
John Miller. There are as yet
no plans for any sort of dis
cussion in connection with
the screening, Miller said.
“Operation Correction,’ bill
ed as the answer to the House
Committee on Un-American
Activities’ movie “Operation
Abolition.’’ will be shown at
8 p.m. tonight at 855 Par
tridge, Menlo Park.
The movie was filmed by
the American Civil Liberties
Union, Peter Saego. an ACLU
representative, will be on
hand to lead a discussion fol
lowing the showing. Tonight’s
program is sponsored by
Controversy, a Menlo Park
political discussion group.
El Campo eating club will
show both of these films in
Memorial Auditorium at 4:15
Tuesday. Feb. 6, according to
John Miller. There are as yet
no plans for any sort of dis
cussion in connection with
the screening, Miller said.
“Operation Correction,’ bill
ed as the answer to the House
Committee on Un-American
Activities’ movie “Operation
Abolition.’’ will be shown at
8 p.m. tonight at 855 Par
tridge, Menlo Park.
The movie was filmed by
the American Civil Liberties
Union, Peter Saego. an ACLU
representative, will be on
hand to lead a discussion fol
lowing the showing. Tonight’s
program is sponsored by
Controversy, a Menlo Park
political discussion group.
El Campo eating club will
show both of these films in
Memorial Auditorium at 4:15
Tuesday. Feb. 6, according to
John Miller. There are as yet
no plans for any sort of dis
cussion in connection with
the screening, Miller said.
“Operation Correction,’ bill
ed as the answer to the House
Committee on Un-American
Activities’ movie “Operation
Abolition.’’ will be shown at
8 p.m. tonight at 855 Par
tridge, Menlo Park.
The movie was filmed by
the American Civil Liberties
Union, Peter Saego. an ACLU
representative, will be on
hand to lead a discussion fol
lowing the showing. Tonight’s
program is sponsored by
Controversy, a Menlo Park
political discussion group.
El Campo eating club will
show both of these films in
Memorial Auditorium at 4:15
Tuesday. Feb. 6, according to
John Miller. There are as yet
no plans for any sort of dis
cussion in connection with
the screening, Miller said.
“Operation Correction,’ bill
ed as the answer to the House
Committee on Un-American
Activities’ movie “Operation
Abolition.’’ will be shown at
8 p.m. tonight at 855 Par
tridge, Menlo Park.
The movie was filmed by
the American Civil Liberties
Union, Peter Saego. an ACLU
representative, will be on
hand to lead a discussion fol
lowing the showing. Tonight’s
program is sponsored by
Controversy, a Menlo Park
political discussion group.
El Campo eating club will
show both of these films in
Memorial Auditorium at 4:15
Tuesday. Feb. 6, according to
John Miller. There are as yet
no plans for any sort of dis
cussion in connection with
the screening, Miller said.
“Operation Correction,’ bill
ed as the answer to the House
Committee on Un-American
Activities’ movie “Operation
Abolition.’’ will be shown at
8 p.m. tonight at 855 Par
tridge, Menlo Park.
The movie was filmed by
the American Civil Liberties
Union, Peter Saego. an ACLU
representative, will be on
hand to lead a discussion fol
lowing the showing. Tonight’s
program is sponsored by
Controversy, a Menlo Park
political discussion group.
El Campo eating club will
show both of these films in
Memorial Auditorium at 4:15
Tuesday. Feb. 6, according to
John Miller. There are as yet
no plans for any sort of dis
cussion in connection with
the screening, Miller said.
“Operation Correction,’ bill
ed as the answer to the House
Committee on Un-American
Activities’ movie “Operation
Abolition.’’ will be shown at
8 p.m. tonight at 855 Par
tridge, Menlo Park.
The movie was filmed by
the American Civil Liberties
Union, Peter Saego. an ACLU
representative, will be on
hand to lead a discussion fol
lowing the showing. Tonight’s
program is sponsored by
Controversy, a Menlo Park
political discussion group.
El Campo eating club will
show both of these films in
Memorial Auditorium at 4:15
Tuesday. Feb. 6, according to
John Miller. There are as yet
no plans for any sort of dis
cussion in connection with
the screening, Miller said.
“Operation Correction,’ bill
ed as the answer to the House
Committee on Un-American
Activities’ movie “Operation
Abolition.’’ will be shown at
8 p.m. tonight at 855 Par
tridge, Menlo Park.
The movie was filmed by
the American Civil Liberties
Union, Peter Saego. an ACLU
representative, will be on
hand to lead a discussion fol
lowing the showing. Tonight’s
program is sponsored by
Controversy, a Menlo Park
political discussion group.
El Campo eating club will
show both of these films in
Memorial Auditorium at 4:15
Tuesday. Feb. 6, according to
John Miller. There are as yet
no plans for any sort of dis
cussion in connection with
the screening, Miller said.
“Operation Correction,’ bill
ed as the answer to the House
Committee on Un-American
Activities’ movie “Operation
Abolition.’’ will be shown at
8 p.m. tonight at 855 Par
tridge, Menlo Park.
The movie was filmed by
the American Civil Liberties
Union, Peter Saego. an ACLU
representative, will be on
hand to lead a discussion fol
lowing the showing. Tonight’s
program is sponsored by
Controversy, a Menlo Park
political discussion group.
El Campo eating club will
show both of these films in
Memorial Auditorium at 4:15
Tuesday. Feb. 6, according to
John Miller. There are as yet
no plans for any sort of dis
cussion in connection with
the screening, Miller said.
“Operation Correction,’ bill
ed as the answer to the House
Committee on Un-American
Activities’ movie “Operation
Abolition.’’ will be shown at
8 p.m. tonight at 855 Par
tridge, Menlo Park.
The movie was filmed by
the American Civil Liberties
Union, Peter Saego. an ACLU
representative, will be on
hand to lead a discussion fol
lowing the showing. Tonight’s
program is sponsored by
Controversy, a Menlo Park
political discussion group.
El Campo eating club will
show both of these films in
Memorial Auditorium at 4:15
Tuesday. Feb. 6, according to
John Miller. There are as yet
no plans for any sort of dis
cussion in connection with
the screening, Miller said.
“Operation Correction,’ bill
ed as the answer to the House
Committee on Un-American
Activities’ movie “Operation
Abolition.’’ will be shown at
8 p.m. tonight at 855 Par
tridge, Menlo Park.
The movie was filmed by
the American Civil Liberties
Union, Peter Saego. an ACLU
representative, will be on
hand to lead a discussion fol
lowing the showing. Tonight’s
program is sponsored by
Controversy, a Menlo Park
political discussion group.
El Campo eating club will
show both of these films in
Memorial Auditorium at 4:15
Tuesday. Feb. 6, according to
John Miller. There are as yet
no plans for any sort of dis
cussion in connection with
the screening, Miller said.
