# Mills Prize Competition Friday.
## 
### 
Stanford and California will meet
Friday night in the Assembly Hall in
competition for the Mills Peace Prize.
The donor of the one hundred dollars
which will be awarded to the speaker
presenting the best argument on in
ternational peace is a wealthy resi
dent of Riverside and has offered the
prize to encourage a study of the sub
ject in the two universities.
E. E. Tincher, '12, and P. D. Nowell.
'13, will be the Cardinal representa
tives. Professor T„. E. Passett of the
English department, is in charge of
the arrangements which will be an
nounced tomorrow.
Stanford and California will meet
Friday night in the Assembly Hall in
competition for the Mills Peace Prize.
The donor of the one hundred dollars
which will be awarded to the speaker
presenting the best argument on in
ternational peace is a wealthy resi
dent of Riverside and has offered the
prize to encourage a study of the sub
ject in the two universities.
E. E. Tincher, '12, and P. D. Nowell.
'13, will be the Cardinal representa
tives. Professor T„. E. Passett of the
English department, is in charge of
the arrangements which will be an
nounced tomorrow.
Stanford and California will meet
Friday night in the Assembly Hall in
competition for the Mills Peace Prize.
The donor of the one hundred dollars
which will be awarded to the speaker
presenting the best argument on in
ternational peace is a wealthy resi
dent of Riverside and has offered the
prize to encourage a study of the sub
ject in the two universities.
E. E. Tincher, '12, and P. D. Nowell.
'13, will be the Cardinal representa
tives. Professor T„. E. Passett of the
English department, is in charge of
the arrangements which will be an
nounced tomorrow.
Stanford and California will meet
Friday night in the Assembly Hall in
competition for the Mills Peace Prize.
The donor of the one hundred dollars
which will be awarded to the speaker
presenting the best argument on in
ternational peace is a wealthy resi
dent of Riverside and has offered the
prize to encourage a study of the sub
ject in the two universities.
E. E. Tincher, '12, and P. D. Nowell.
'13, will be the Cardinal representa
tives. Professor T„. E. Passett of the
English department, is in charge of
the arrangements which will be an
nounced tomorrow.
Stanford and California will meet
Friday night in the Assembly Hall in
competition for the Mills Peace Prize.
The donor of the one hundred dollars
which will be awarded to the speaker
presenting the best argument on in
ternational peace is a wealthy resi
dent of Riverside and has offered the
prize to encourage a study of the sub
ject in the two universities.
E. E. Tincher, '12, and P. D. Nowell.
'13, will be the Cardinal representa
tives. Professor T„. E. Passett of the
English department, is in charge of
the arrangements which will be an
nounced tomorrow.
Stanford and California will meet
Friday night in the Assembly Hall in
competition for the Mills Peace Prize.
The donor of the one hundred dollars
which will be awarded to the speaker
presenting the best argument on in
ternational peace is a wealthy resi
dent of Riverside and has offered the
prize to encourage a study of the sub
ject in the two universities.
E. E. Tincher, '12, and P. D. Nowell.
'13, will be the Cardinal representa
tives. Professor T„. E. Passett of the
English department, is in charge of
the arrangements which will be an
nounced tomorrow.
Stanford and California will meet
Friday night in the Assembly Hall in
competition for the Mills Peace Prize.
The donor of the one hundred dollars
which will be awarded to the speaker
presenting the best argument on in
ternational peace is a wealthy resi
dent of Riverside and has offered the
prize to encourage a study of the sub
ject in the two universities.
E. E. Tincher, '12, and P. D. Nowell.
'13, will be the Cardinal representa
tives. Professor T„. E. Passett of the
English department, is in charge of
the arrangements which will be an
nounced tomorrow.
Stanford and California will meet
Friday night in the Assembly Hall in
competition for the Mills Peace Prize.
The donor of the one hundred dollars
which will be awarded to the speaker
presenting the best argument on in
ternational peace is a wealthy resi
dent of Riverside and has offered the
prize to encourage a study of the sub
ject in the two universities.
E. E. Tincher, '12, and P. D. Nowell.
'13, will be the Cardinal representa
tives. Professor T„. E. Passett of the
English department, is in charge of
the arrangements which will be an
nounced tomorrow.
Stanford and California will meet
Friday night in the Assembly Hall in
competition for the Mills Peace Prize.
The donor of the one hundred dollars
which will be awarded to the speaker
presenting the best argument on in
ternational peace is a wealthy resi
dent of Riverside and has offered the
prize to encourage a study of the sub
ject in the two universities.
E. E. Tincher, '12, and P. D. Nowell.
'13, will be the Cardinal representa
tives. Professor T„. E. Passett of the
English department, is in charge of
the arrangements which will be an
nounced tomorrow.
Stanford and California will meet
Friday night in the Assembly Hall in
competition for the Mills Peace Prize.
The donor of the one hundred dollars
which will be awarded to the speaker
presenting the best argument on in
ternational peace is a wealthy resi
dent of Riverside and has offered the
prize to encourage a study of the sub
ject in the two universities.
E. E. Tincher, '12, and P. D. Nowell.
'13, will be the Cardinal representa
tives. Professor T„. E. Passett of the
English department, is in charge of
the arrangements which will be an
nounced tomorrow.
Stanford and California will meet
Friday night in the Assembly Hall in
competition for the Mills Peace Prize.
The donor of the one hundred dollars
which will be awarded to the speaker
presenting the best argument on in
ternational peace is a wealthy resi
dent of Riverside and has offered the
prize to encourage a study of the sub
ject in the two universities.
E. E. Tincher, '12, and P. D. Nowell.
'13, will be the Cardinal representa
tives. Professor T„. E. Passett of the
English department, is in charge of
the arrangements which will be an
nounced tomorrow.
Stanford and California will meet
Friday night in the Assembly Hall in
competition for the Mills Peace Prize.
The donor of the one hundred dollars
which will be awarded to the speaker
presenting the best argument on in
ternational peace is a wealthy resi
dent of Riverside and has offered the
prize to encourage a study of the sub
ject in the two universities.
E. E. Tincher, '12, and P. D. Nowell.
'13, will be the Cardinal representa
tives. Professor T„. E. Passett of the
English department, is in charge of
the arrangements which will be an
nounced tomorrow.
