# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Minnesota student body is to
vote on ihe adoption of the honor
system.
The Minnesota student body is to
vote on ihe adoption of the honor
system.
The Minnesota student body is to
vote on ihe adoption of the honor
system.
The Minnesota student body is to
vote on ihe adoption of the honor
system.
The Minnesota student body is to
vote on ihe adoption of the honor
system.
The Minnesota student body is to
vote on ihe adoption of the honor
system.
The Minnesota student body is to
vote on ihe adoption of the honor
system.
The Minnesota student body is to
vote on ihe adoption of the honor
system.
The Minnesota student body is to
vote on ihe adoption of the honor
system.
The Minnesota student body is to
vote on ihe adoption of the honor
system.
The Minnesota student body is to
vote on ihe adoption of the honor
system.
The Minnesota student body is to
vote on ihe adoption of the honor
system.
