# Holding Classes Overtime.
## 
### 
There is one thing on a par with a
student coming to class late, and that
is, for the professor to keep his class

after the bell has
rung for dismissal.
One is as bad as the
other. A student

ought not to be late; there is no
doubt about that, but there may be
circumstances which make tardiness
necessary. But, is there any reason
why classes should be kept from one
to five minutes after the bell has rung
period after period throughout the
year?
It has been emphasized again and
again, and often by the faculty mem
bers who are most persistent in hold
ing classes overtime, that for the Uni
versity to run smoothly, the machin
ery must be kept uniform and regular
in operation. But, with the continu
ance of the custom of keeping classes
just a little while beyond the bell
each day there is confusion every
where. Members of one class kept
overtime must hurry unnecessarily to
reach the next class on time, and,
when that class is located a third
mile across the Quad, with added dis
tance to the chemistry or gymnasium
buildings, what chance has the stu
dent of getting to the classroom on
time. It is annoying to the instructor
to have the hour disurbed by tardy
ones, and in this way the fault of one
professor causes trouble all along the
line. Hardly any department of the
University is free from the overtime
trouble.
We do not believe there is a topic
under the sun which cannot be ter
minated with a short closing sentence
at the ringing of the bell. There may
be some few exceptions. But when it
is a case of breaking up the machin
ery of a University going about its
daily work, we surely think that a
point or two could be given in here or
there, in order to insure smooth run
ningâ€”Moreover, We Need the Union.
