# Letters
## 
### 
Faculty Senate members should consider students' voice

I CAN'T SAY that I was surprised to
read that Gail Mahood, chair of the
Faculty Senate had chosen to cast
her deciding vote in favor of removing
student input from the Planning and
Policy Board. I attempted to communi
cate with her during the decision pro
cess surrounding the new grading poli
cy, and she didn't want any student
input at that time, either.
However, I find it difficult to accept
that the Faculty Senate feels themselves
qualified to make decisions on Universi
ty policy without any input from stu
dents whatsoever. Further, it baffles me
that in the same meeting where they
reached this decision, the senate dis
cussed how best to serve undergraduate
education. First they throw the students
out, then they try to decide what stu
dents need. How many professors who
have reached necessary status to sit on

the Faculty Senate have been under
graduates recently enough to know
what students need?
In their defense, I point out that the
senators chose to add the phrase "the
Planning and Policy Board shall consult
with students and student organizations
as it deems appropriate." Yet I can't help
thinking of the grading policy debate.
When the Senate was debating the policy
which is now in place, I sent email to
every one of the voting members of the
senate. I expressed my concern, not with
the return of the F (the NP), but with
the change in structure of the add / drop
policy. As an individually designed major,
a student with no department, shopping
for classes has been not just a conve
nience, but a necessity. I can honestly
say that I'm here for an education, and
to me that has nothing to do with grades.
Of the 52 voting members of the Fac

ulty Senate, I could count on one hand
the number who sent a reply. Most were
auto-responses from professors inform
ing me that they had already made up
their minds. I think that makes a state
ment about when the policy board will
"deem it appropriate" to consult with
students.
Further, I find it insulting that the
"sensitive nature" of information dis
cussed in meetings is cited as a reason
to exclude students. Thanks very much
for protecting us. This condescending
attitude, however, may be a source of
the reasons some senate members voted
as they did. I think we can handle it.
If we step back from the situation,
maybe we can see what the Faculty Sen
ate is missing. Looking at the broad pic
ture, the workings of a university are
about the relationship between students
and professors. Representing only one

side of that dichotomy when making
policy will produce poor policy. Then
you'll have unhappy students.
To take yet another step back, the
University can be thought of as an insti
tution run by money. We pay to attend
Stanford. Granted, every dollar of our
tuition is more than matched by contri
butions from alumni. But guess what!
Those alumni were once students here,
and soon we'll be the alumni consider
ing whether to make contributions for
future generations of students. If the
current students are unhappy with Uni
versity policy, it will make for unhappy
alumni in the future. Doesn't it make a
lot more sense to ask students now,
rather than later wondering why U.S.
News ranks Stanford so low in alumni
satisfaction?
Deron Sedy
Senior, animation technology
Faculty Senate members should consider students' voice

I CAN'T SAY that I was surprised to
read that Gail Mahood, chair of the
Faculty Senate had chosen to cast
her deciding vote in favor of removing
student input from the Planning and
Policy Board. I attempted to communi
cate with her during the decision pro
cess surrounding the new grading poli
cy, and she didn't want any student
input at that time, either.
However, I find it difficult to accept
that the Faculty Senate feels themselves
qualified to make decisions on Universi
ty policy without any input from stu
dents whatsoever. Further, it baffles me
that in the same meeting where they
reached this decision, the senate dis
cussed how best to serve undergraduate
education. First they throw the students
out, then they try to decide what stu
dents need. How many professors who
have reached necessary status to sit on

the Faculty Senate have been under
graduates recently enough to know
what students need?
In their defense, I point out that the
senators chose to add the phrase "the
Planning and Policy Board shall consult
with students and student organizations
as it deems appropriate." Yet I can't help
thinking of the grading policy debate.
When the Senate was debating the policy
which is now in place, I sent email to
every one of the voting members of the
senate. I expressed my concern, not with
the return of the F (the NP), but with
the change in structure of the add / drop
policy. As an individually designed major,
a student with no department, shopping
for classes has been not just a conve
nience, but a necessity. I can honestly
say that I'm here for an education, and
to me that has nothing to do with grades.
Of the 52 voting members of the Fac

ulty Senate, I could count on one hand
the number who sent a reply. Most were
auto-responses from professors inform
ing me that they had already made up
their minds. I think that makes a state
ment about when the policy board will
"deem it appropriate" to consult with
students.
Further, I find it insulting that the
"sensitive nature" of information dis
cussed in meetings is cited as a reason
to exclude students. Thanks very much
for protecting us. This condescending
attitude, however, may be a source of
the reasons some senate members voted
as they did. I think we can handle it.
If we step back from the situation,
maybe we can see what the Faculty Sen
ate is missing. Looking at the broad pic
ture, the workings of a university are
about the relationship between students
and professors. Representing only one

side of that dichotomy when making
policy will produce poor policy. Then
you'll have unhappy students.
To take yet another step back, the
University can be thought of as an insti
tution run by money. We pay to attend
Stanford. Granted, every dollar of our
tuition is more than matched by contri
butions from alumni. But guess what!
Those alumni were once students here,
and soon we'll be the alumni consider
ing whether to make contributions for
future generations of students. If the
current students are unhappy with Uni
versity policy, it will make for unhappy
alumni in the future. Doesn't it make a
lot more sense to ask students now,
rather than later wondering why U.S.
News ranks Stanford so low in alumni
satisfaction?
Deron Sedy
Senior, animation technology
Faculty Senate members should consider students' voice

I CAN'T SAY that I was surprised to
read that Gail Mahood, chair of the
Faculty Senate had chosen to cast
her deciding vote in favor of removing
student input from the Planning and
Policy Board. I attempted to communi
cate with her during the decision pro
cess surrounding the new grading poli
cy, and she didn't want any student
input at that time, either.
However, I find it difficult to accept
that the Faculty Senate feels themselves
qualified to make decisions on Universi
ty policy without any input from stu
dents whatsoever. Further, it baffles me
that in the same meeting where they
reached this decision, the senate dis
cussed how best to serve undergraduate
education. First they throw the students
out, then they try to decide what stu
dents need. How many professors who
have reached necessary status to sit on

the Faculty Senate have been under
graduates recently enough to know
what students need?
In their defense, I point out that the
senators chose to add the phrase "the
Planning and Policy Board shall consult
with students and student organizations
as it deems appropriate." Yet I can't help
thinking of the grading policy debate.
When the Senate was debating the policy
which is now in place, I sent email to
every one of the voting members of the
senate. I expressed my concern, not with
the return of the F (the NP), but with
the change in structure of the add / drop
policy. As an individually designed major,
a student with no department, shopping
for classes has been not just a conve
nience, but a necessity. I can honestly
say that I'm here for an education, and
to me that has nothing to do with grades.
Of the 52 voting members of the Fac

ulty Senate, I could count on one hand
the number who sent a reply. Most were
auto-responses from professors inform
ing me that they had already made up
their minds. I think that makes a state
ment about when the policy board will
"deem it appropriate" to consult with
students.
Further, I find it insulting that the
"sensitive nature" of information dis
cussed in meetings is cited as a reason
to exclude students. Thanks very much
for protecting us. This condescending
attitude, however, may be a source of
the reasons some senate members voted
as they did. I think we can handle it.
If we step back from the situation,
maybe we can see what the Faculty Sen
ate is missing. Looking at the broad pic
ture, the workings of a university are
about the relationship between students
and professors. Representing only one

side of that dichotomy when making
policy will produce poor policy. Then
you'll have unhappy students.
To take yet another step back, the
University can be thought of as an insti
tution run by money. We pay to attend
Stanford. Granted, every dollar of our
tuition is more than matched by contri
butions from alumni. But guess what!
Those alumni were once students here,
and soon we'll be the alumni consider
ing whether to make contributions for
future generations of students. If the
current students are unhappy with Uni
versity policy, it will make for unhappy
alumni in the future. Doesn't it make a
lot more sense to ask students now,
rather than later wondering why U.S.
News ranks Stanford so low in alumni
satisfaction?
Deron Sedy
Senior, animation technology
Faculty Senate members should consider students' voice

I CAN'T SAY that I was surprised to
read that Gail Mahood, chair of the
Faculty Senate had chosen to cast
her deciding vote in favor of removing
student input from the Planning and
Policy Board. I attempted to communi
cate with her during the decision pro
cess surrounding the new grading poli
cy, and she didn't want any student
input at that time, either.
However, I find it difficult to accept
that the Faculty Senate feels themselves
qualified to make decisions on Universi
ty policy without any input from stu
dents whatsoever. Further, it baffles me
that in the same meeting where they
reached this decision, the senate dis
cussed how best to serve undergraduate
education. First they throw the students
out, then they try to decide what stu
dents need. How many professors who
have reached necessary status to sit on

the Faculty Senate have been under
graduates recently enough to know
what students need?
In their defense, I point out that the
senators chose to add the phrase "the
Planning and Policy Board shall consult
with students and student organizations
as it deems appropriate." Yet I can't help
thinking of the grading policy debate.
When the Senate was debating the policy
which is now in place, I sent email to
every one of the voting members of the
senate. I expressed my concern, not with
the return of the F (the NP), but with
the change in structure of the add / drop
policy. As an individually designed major,
a student with no department, shopping
for classes has been not just a conve
nience, but a necessity. I can honestly
say that I'm here for an education, and
to me that has nothing to do with grades.
Of the 52 voting members of the Fac

ulty Senate, I could count on one hand
the number who sent a reply. Most were
auto-responses from professors inform
ing me that they had already made up
their minds. I think that makes a state
ment about when the policy board will
"deem it appropriate" to consult with
students.
Further, I find it insulting that the
"sensitive nature" of information dis
cussed in meetings is cited as a reason
to exclude students. Thanks very much
for protecting us. This condescending
attitude, however, may be a source of
the reasons some senate members voted
as they did. I think we can handle it.
If we step back from the situation,
maybe we can see what the Faculty Sen
ate is missing. Looking at the broad pic
ture, the workings of a university are
about the relationship between students
and professors. Representing only one

side of that dichotomy when making
policy will produce poor policy. Then
you'll have unhappy students.
To take yet another step back, the
University can be thought of as an insti
tution run by money. We pay to attend
Stanford. Granted, every dollar of our
tuition is more than matched by contri
butions from alumni. But guess what!
Those alumni were once students here,
and soon we'll be the alumni consider
ing whether to make contributions for
future generations of students. If the
current students are unhappy with Uni
versity policy, it will make for unhappy
alumni in the future. Doesn't it make a
lot more sense to ask students now,
rather than later wondering why U.S.
News ranks Stanford so low in alumni
satisfaction?
Deron Sedy
Senior, animation technology
Faculty Senate members should consider students' voice

I CAN'T SAY that I was surprised to
read that Gail Mahood, chair of the
Faculty Senate had chosen to cast
her deciding vote in favor of removing
student input from the Planning and
Policy Board. I attempted to communi
cate with her during the decision pro
cess surrounding the new grading poli
cy, and she didn't want any student
input at that time, either.
However, I find it difficult to accept
that the Faculty Senate feels themselves
qualified to make decisions on Universi
ty policy without any input from stu
dents whatsoever. Further, it baffles me
that in the same meeting where they
reached this decision, the senate dis
cussed how best to serve undergraduate
education. First they throw the students
out, then they try to decide what stu
dents need. How many professors who
have reached necessary status to sit on

the Faculty Senate have been under
graduates recently enough to know
what students need?
In their defense, I point out that the
senators chose to add the phrase "the
Planning and Policy Board shall consult
with students and student organizations
as it deems appropriate." Yet I can't help
thinking of the grading policy debate.
When the Senate was debating the policy
which is now in place, I sent email to
every one of the voting members of the
senate. I expressed my concern, not with
the return of the F (the NP), but with
the change in structure of the add / drop
policy. As an individually designed major,
a student with no department, shopping
for classes has been not just a conve
nience, but a necessity. I can honestly
say that I'm here for an education, and
to me that has nothing to do with grades.
Of the 52 voting members of the Fac

ulty Senate, I could count on one hand
the number who sent a reply. Most were
auto-responses from professors inform
ing me that they had already made up
their minds. I think that makes a state
ment about when the policy board will
"deem it appropriate" to consult with
students.
Further, I find it insulting that the
"sensitive nature" of information dis
cussed in meetings is cited as a reason
to exclude students. Thanks very much
for protecting us. This condescending
attitude, however, may be a source of
the reasons some senate members voted
as they did. I think we can handle it.
If we step back from the situation,
maybe we can see what the Faculty Sen
ate is missing. Looking at the broad pic
ture, the workings of a university are
about the relationship between students
and professors. Representing only one

side of that dichotomy when making
policy will produce poor policy. Then
you'll have unhappy students.
To take yet another step back, the
University can be thought of as an insti
tution run by money. We pay to attend
Stanford. Granted, every dollar of our
tuition is more than matched by contri
butions from alumni. But guess what!
Those alumni were once students here,
and soon we'll be the alumni consider
ing whether to make contributions for
future generations of students. If the
current students are unhappy with Uni
versity policy, it will make for unhappy
alumni in the future. Doesn't it make a
lot more sense to ask students now,
rather than later wondering why U.S.
News ranks Stanford so low in alumni
satisfaction?
Deron Sedy
Senior, animation technology
Faculty Senate members should consider students' voice

I CAN'T SAY that I was surprised to
read that Gail Mahood, chair of the
Faculty Senate had chosen to cast
her deciding vote in favor of removing
student input from the Planning and
Policy Board. I attempted to communi
cate with her during the decision pro
cess surrounding the new grading poli
cy, and she didn't want any student
input at that time, either.
However, I find it difficult to accept
that the Faculty Senate feels themselves
qualified to make decisions on Universi
ty policy without any input from stu
dents whatsoever. Further, it baffles me
that in the same meeting where they
reached this decision, the senate dis
cussed how best to serve undergraduate
education. First they throw the students
out, then they try to decide what stu
dents need. How many professors who
have reached necessary status to sit on

the Faculty Senate have been under
graduates recently enough to know
what students need?
In their defense, I point out that the
senators chose to add the phrase "the
Planning and Policy Board shall consult
with students and student organizations
as it deems appropriate." Yet I can't help
thinking of the grading policy debate.
When the Senate was debating the policy
which is now in place, I sent email to
every one of the voting members of the
senate. I expressed my concern, not with
the return of the F (the NP), but with
the change in structure of the add / drop
policy. As an individually designed major,
a student with no department, shopping
for classes has been not just a conve
nience, but a necessity. I can honestly
say that I'm here for an education, and
to me that has nothing to do with grades.
Of the 52 voting members of the Fac

ulty Senate, I could count on one hand
the number who sent a reply. Most were
auto-responses from professors inform
ing me that they had already made up
their minds. I think that makes a state
ment about when the policy board will
"deem it appropriate" to consult with
students.
Further, I find it insulting that the
"sensitive nature" of information dis
cussed in meetings is cited as a reason
to exclude students. Thanks very much
for protecting us. This condescending
attitude, however, may be a source of
the reasons some senate members voted
as they did. I think we can handle it.
If we step back from the situation,
maybe we can see what the Faculty Sen
ate is missing. Looking at the broad pic
ture, the workings of a university are
about the relationship between students
and professors. Representing only one

side of that dichotomy when making
policy will produce poor policy. Then
you'll have unhappy students.
To take yet another step back, the
University can be thought of as an insti
tution run by money. We pay to attend
Stanford. Granted, every dollar of our
tuition is more than matched by contri
butions from alumni. But guess what!
Those alumni were once students here,
and soon we'll be the alumni consider
ing whether to make contributions for
future generations of students. If the
current students are unhappy with Uni
versity policy, it will make for unhappy
alumni in the future. Doesn't it make a
lot more sense to ask students now,
rather than later wondering why U.S.
News ranks Stanford so low in alumni
satisfaction?
Deron Sedy
Senior, animation technology
