# Across!
## 
### 

Stanford scoring attempt,
snapped by Pete Eaekland (30),
hovers above opponents' goal
during lacrosse action against
Cal last year. The squad begins
spring quarter play this Satur
day, April 2, against the St.
George Lacrosse Club.

Stanford scoring attempt,
snapped by Pete Eaekland (30),
hovers above opponents' goal
during lacrosse action against
Cal last year. The squad begins
spring quarter play this Satur
day, April 2, against the St.
George Lacrosse Club.

Stanford scoring attempt,
snapped by Pete Eaekland (30),
hovers above opponents' goal
during lacrosse action against
Cal last year. The squad begins
spring quarter play this Satur
day, April 2, against the St.
George Lacrosse Club.

Stanford scoring attempt,
snapped by Pete Eaekland (30),
hovers above opponents' goal
during lacrosse action against
Cal last year. The squad begins
spring quarter play this Satur
day, April 2, against the St.
George Lacrosse Club.

Stanford scoring attempt,
snapped by Pete Eaekland (30),
hovers above opponents' goal
during lacrosse action against
Cal last year. The squad begins
spring quarter play this Satur
day, April 2, against the St.
George Lacrosse Club.

Stanford scoring attempt,
snapped by Pete Eaekland (30),
hovers above opponents' goal
during lacrosse action against
Cal last year. The squad begins
spring quarter play this Satur
day, April 2, against the St.
George Lacrosse Club.

Stanford scoring attempt,
snapped by Pete Eaekland (30),
hovers above opponents' goal
during lacrosse action against
Cal last year. The squad begins
spring quarter play this Satur
day, April 2, against the St.
George Lacrosse Club.

Stanford scoring attempt,
snapped by Pete Eaekland (30),
hovers above opponents' goal
during lacrosse action against
Cal last year. The squad begins
spring quarter play this Satur
day, April 2, against the St.
George Lacrosse Club.

Stanford scoring attempt,
snapped by Pete Eaekland (30),
hovers above opponents' goal
during lacrosse action against
Cal last year. The squad begins
spring quarter play this Satur
day, April 2, against the St.
George Lacrosse Club.

Stanford scoring attempt,
snapped by Pete Eaekland (30),
hovers above opponents' goal
during lacrosse action against
Cal last year. The squad begins
spring quarter play this Satur
day, April 2, against the St.
George Lacrosse Club.

Stanford scoring attempt,
snapped by Pete Eaekland (30),
hovers above opponents' goal
during lacrosse action against
Cal last year. The squad begins
spring quarter play this Satur
day, April 2, against the St.
George Lacrosse Club.

Stanford scoring attempt,
snapped by Pete Eaekland (30),
hovers above opponents' goal
during lacrosse action against
Cal last year. The squad begins
spring quarter play this Satur
day, April 2, against the St.
George Lacrosse Club.

Stanford scoring attempt,
snapped by Pete Eaekland (30),
hovers above opponents' goal
during lacrosse action against
Cal last year. The squad begins
spring quarter play this Satur
day, April 2, against the St.
George Lacrosse Club.

Stanford scoring attempt,
snapped by Pete Eaekland (30),
hovers above opponents' goal
during lacrosse action against
Cal last year. The squad begins
spring quarter play this Satur
day, April 2, against the St.
George Lacrosse Club.

Stanford scoring attempt,
snapped by Pete Eaekland (30),
hovers above opponents' goal
during lacrosse action against
Cal last year. The squad begins
spring quarter play this Satur
day, April 2, against the St.
George Lacrosse Club.
