# Tide Turns In Encina
## 
### 

The tide has fumed in the Great Encina Art War. Registering stu
dents were greeted with this and another "risque" painting In the
Cashier's Office in Encina Hall Monday—hung on the same walls
that were stripped of similar decor a month ago after a few ad
ministrators and employees of the University complained of "in
appropriateness."

The tide has fumed in the Great Encina Art War. Registering stu
dents were greeted with this and another "risque" painting In the
Cashier's Office in Encina Hall Monday—hung on the same walls
that were stripped of similar decor a month ago after a few ad
ministrators and employees of the University complained of "in
appropriateness."

The tide has fumed in the Great Encina Art War. Registering stu
dents were greeted with this and another "risque" painting In the
Cashier's Office in Encina Hall Monday—hung on the same walls
that were stripped of similar decor a month ago after a few ad
ministrators and employees of the University complained of "in
appropriateness."

The tide has fumed in the Great Encina Art War. Registering stu
dents were greeted with this and another "risque" painting In the
Cashier's Office in Encina Hall Monday—hung on the same walls
that were stripped of similar decor a month ago after a few ad
ministrators and employees of the University complained of "in
appropriateness."

The tide has fumed in the Great Encina Art War. Registering stu
dents were greeted with this and another "risque" painting In the
Cashier's Office in Encina Hall Monday—hung on the same walls
that were stripped of similar decor a month ago after a few ad
ministrators and employees of the University complained of "in
appropriateness."

The tide has fumed in the Great Encina Art War. Registering stu
dents were greeted with this and another "risque" painting In the
Cashier's Office in Encina Hall Monday—hung on the same walls
that were stripped of similar decor a month ago after a few ad
ministrators and employees of the University complained of "in
appropriateness."

The tide has fumed in the Great Encina Art War. Registering stu
dents were greeted with this and another "risque" painting In the
Cashier's Office in Encina Hall Monday—hung on the same walls
that were stripped of similar decor a month ago after a few ad
ministrators and employees of the University complained of "in
appropriateness."

The tide has fumed in the Great Encina Art War. Registering stu
dents were greeted with this and another "risque" painting In the
Cashier's Office in Encina Hall Monday—hung on the same walls
that were stripped of similar decor a month ago after a few ad
ministrators and employees of the University complained of "in
appropriateness."

The tide has fumed in the Great Encina Art War. Registering stu
dents were greeted with this and another "risque" painting In the
Cashier's Office in Encina Hall Monday—hung on the same walls
that were stripped of similar decor a month ago after a few ad
ministrators and employees of the University complained of "in
appropriateness."

The tide has fumed in the Great Encina Art War. Registering stu
dents were greeted with this and another "risque" painting In the
Cashier's Office in Encina Hall Monday—hung on the same walls
that were stripped of similar decor a month ago after a few ad
ministrators and employees of the University complained of "in
appropriateness."

The tide has fumed in the Great Encina Art War. Registering stu
dents were greeted with this and another "risque" painting In the
Cashier's Office in Encina Hall Monday—hung on the same walls
that were stripped of similar decor a month ago after a few ad
ministrators and employees of the University complained of "in
appropriateness."

The tide has fumed in the Great Encina Art War. Registering stu
dents were greeted with this and another "risque" painting In the
Cashier's Office in Encina Hall Monday—hung on the same walls
that were stripped of similar decor a month ago after a few ad
ministrators and employees of the University complained of "in
appropriateness."

The tide has fumed in the Great Encina Art War. Registering stu
dents were greeted with this and another "risque" painting In the
Cashier's Office in Encina Hall Monday—hung on the same walls
that were stripped of similar decor a month ago after a few ad
ministrators and employees of the University complained of "in
appropriateness."

The tide has fumed in the Great Encina Art War. Registering stu
dents were greeted with this and another "risque" painting In the
Cashier's Office in Encina Hall Monday—hung on the same walls
that were stripped of similar decor a month ago after a few ad
ministrators and employees of the University complained of "in
appropriateness."

The tide has fumed in the Great Encina Art War. Registering stu
dents were greeted with this and another "risque" painting In the
Cashier's Office in Encina Hall Monday—hung on the same walls
that were stripped of similar decor a month ago after a few ad
ministrators and employees of the University complained of "in
appropriateness."
