# Fehring Elected Head Of Baseball Committee
## 
### 
Stanford's baseball coach
Dutch Fehring was recently
elected President of the United
States Baseball Federation. Feh
ring has coached at Stanford
since 1956 and compiled a 32-13
record last season in winning
the conference baseball cham
pionship.
One of the leaders in the pro
gram to have baseball recog
nized as an official Olympic
Games sport, Dutch is chairman
of the Olympic Committee of
the American Association of Col
lege Baseball Coaches and also
Chairman of the United States
Olympic Games Baseball Com
mittee.
Coach Fehring has been Presi

dent of the CIBA and the First
Vice-President of the American
Association of College Baseball
Coaches. In the fall of 1964 he
served as one of the coaches of
the United States Amateur Base
ball team which played exhibi
tion games in Japan during the
Tokyo Olympics.
A graduate of Purdue, Fehr
ing won nine letters during his
four-year campaign. He was
chosen the most valuable player
his senior year on the baseball
team and received All-American
recognition on the 1933 Boiler
maker football squad. He also
received his doctorate in educa
tion from Stanford in 1952.
