# MARTIN WILL READ PAPER AT MEETING OF PHYSIOLOGISTS
## 
### 
Professor Ernest Gale Martin, head
of the physiology department, will
read a paper on "Activity of a Sin
gle Muscle in Situ" at the annual
meeting of the American Physio
logical Society in Montreal April 8
to 11. He leaves tomorrow night for
the conference.

The paper, written in collabora
tion with John Field, S. M. Field,
and V. E. Hull of the University,
will be presented on April 9.

Professor Martin is a member of
Ihe administrative board of the or
ganization, one of four which com
pose the Federation of American
Societies for Experimental Biology.
Professor Ernest Gale Martin, head
of the physiology department, will
read a paper on "Activity of a Sin
gle Muscle in Situ" at the annual
meeting of the American Physio
logical Society in Montreal April 8
to 11. He leaves tomorrow night for
the conference.

The paper, written in collabora
tion with John Field, S. M. Field,
and V. E. Hull of the University,
will be presented on April 9.

Professor Martin is a member of
Ihe administrative board of the or
ganization, one of four which com
pose the Federation of American
Societies for Experimental Biology.
Professor Ernest Gale Martin, head
of the physiology department, will
read a paper on "Activity of a Sin
gle Muscle in Situ" at the annual
meeting of the American Physio
logical Society in Montreal April 8
to 11. He leaves tomorrow night for
the conference.

The paper, written in collabora
tion with John Field, S. M. Field,
and V. E. Hull of the University,
will be presented on April 9.

Professor Martin is a member of
Ihe administrative board of the or
ganization, one of four which com
pose the Federation of American
Societies for Experimental Biology.
Professor Ernest Gale Martin, head
of the physiology department, will
read a paper on "Activity of a Sin
gle Muscle in Situ" at the annual
meeting of the American Physio
logical Society in Montreal April 8
to 11. He leaves tomorrow night for
the conference.

The paper, written in collabora
tion with John Field, S. M. Field,
and V. E. Hull of the University,
will be presented on April 9.

Professor Martin is a member of
Ihe administrative board of the or
ganization, one of four which com
pose the Federation of American
Societies for Experimental Biology.
Professor Ernest Gale Martin, head
of the physiology department, will
read a paper on "Activity of a Sin
gle Muscle in Situ" at the annual
meeting of the American Physio
logical Society in Montreal April 8
to 11. He leaves tomorrow night for
the conference.

The paper, written in collabora
tion with John Field, S. M. Field,
and V. E. Hull of the University,
will be presented on April 9.

Professor Martin is a member of
Ihe administrative board of the or
ganization, one of four which com
pose the Federation of American
Societies for Experimental Biology.
Professor Ernest Gale Martin, head
of the physiology department, will
read a paper on "Activity of a Sin
gle Muscle in Situ" at the annual
meeting of the American Physio
logical Society in Montreal April 8
to 11. He leaves tomorrow night for
the conference.

The paper, written in collabora
tion with John Field, S. M. Field,
and V. E. Hull of the University,
will be presented on April 9.

Professor Martin is a member of
Ihe administrative board of the or
ganization, one of four which com
pose the Federation of American
Societies for Experimental Biology.
Professor Ernest Gale Martin, head
of the physiology department, will
read a paper on "Activity of a Sin
gle Muscle in Situ" at the annual
meeting of the American Physio
logical Society in Montreal April 8
to 11. He leaves tomorrow night for
the conference.

The paper, written in collabora
tion with John Field, S. M. Field,
and V. E. Hull of the University,
will be presented on April 9.

Professor Martin is a member of
Ihe administrative board of the or
ganization, one of four which com
pose the Federation of American
Societies for Experimental Biology.
Professor Ernest Gale Martin, head
of the physiology department, will
read a paper on "Activity of a Sin
gle Muscle in Situ" at the annual
meeting of the American Physio
logical Society in Montreal April 8
to 11. He leaves tomorrow night for
the conference.

The paper, written in collabora
tion with John Field, S. M. Field,
and V. E. Hull of the University,
will be presented on April 9.

Professor Martin is a member of
Ihe administrative board of the or
ganization, one of four which com
pose the Federation of American
Societies for Experimental Biology.
Professor Ernest Gale Martin, head
of the physiology department, will
read a paper on "Activity of a Sin
gle Muscle in Situ" at the annual
meeting of the American Physio
logical Society in Montreal April 8
to 11. He leaves tomorrow night for
the conference.

The paper, written in collabora
tion with John Field, S. M. Field,
and V. E. Hull of the University,
will be presented on April 9.

Professor Martin is a member of
Ihe administrative board of the or
ganization, one of four which com
pose the Federation of American
Societies for Experimental Biology.
Professor Ernest Gale Martin, head
of the physiology department, will
read a paper on "Activity of a Sin
gle Muscle in Situ" at the annual
meeting of the American Physio
logical Society in Montreal April 8
to 11. He leaves tomorrow night for
the conference.

The paper, written in collabora
tion with John Field, S. M. Field,
and V. E. Hull of the University,
will be presented on April 9.

Professor Martin is a member of
Ihe administrative board of the or
ganization, one of four which com
pose the Federation of American
Societies for Experimental Biology.
Professor Ernest Gale Martin, head
of the physiology department, will
read a paper on "Activity of a Sin
gle Muscle in Situ" at the annual
meeting of the American Physio
logical Society in Montreal April 8
to 11. He leaves tomorrow night for
the conference.

The paper, written in collabora
tion with John Field, S. M. Field,
and V. E. Hull of the University,
will be presented on April 9.

Professor Martin is a member of
Ihe administrative board of the or
ganization, one of four which com
pose the Federation of American
Societies for Experimental Biology.
Professor Ernest Gale Martin, head
of the physiology department, will
read a paper on "Activity of a Sin
gle Muscle in Situ" at the annual
meeting of the American Physio
logical Society in Montreal April 8
to 11. He leaves tomorrow night for
the conference.

The paper, written in collabora
tion with John Field, S. M. Field,
and V. E. Hull of the University,
will be presented on April 9.

Professor Martin is a member of
Ihe administrative board of the or
ganization, one of four which com
pose the Federation of American
Societies for Experimental Biology.
Professor Ernest Gale Martin, head
of the physiology department, will
read a paper on "Activity of a Sin
gle Muscle in Situ" at the annual
meeting of the American Physio
logical Society in Montreal April 8
to 11. He leaves tomorrow night for
the conference.

The paper, written in collabora
tion with John Field, S. M. Field,
and V. E. Hull of the University,
will be presented on April 9.

Professor Martin is a member of
Ihe administrative board of the or
ganization, one of four which com
pose the Federation of American
Societies for Experimental Biology.
Professor Ernest Gale Martin, head
of the physiology department, will
read a paper on "Activity of a Sin
gle Muscle in Situ" at the annual
meeting of the American Physio
logical Society in Montreal April 8
to 11. He leaves tomorrow night for
the conference.

The paper, written in collabora
tion with John Field, S. M. Field,
and V. E. Hull of the University,
will be presented on April 9.

Professor Martin is a member of
Ihe administrative board of the or
ganization, one of four which com
pose the Federation of American
Societies for Experimental Biology.
Professor Ernest Gale Martin, head
of the physiology department, will
read a paper on "Activity of a Sin
gle Muscle in Situ" at the annual
meeting of the American Physio
logical Society in Montreal April 8
to 11. He leaves tomorrow night for
the conference.

The paper, written in collabora
tion with John Field, S. M. Field,
and V. E. Hull of the University,
will be presented on April 9.

Professor Martin is a member of
Ihe administrative board of the or
ganization, one of four which com
pose the Federation of American
Societies for Experimental Biology.
