# BALL PLAYERS TRY OUT RICKSHAS
## 
### 

Ernie Ousatti (left), fielder of the world champion St. Louis Cardi
nals and his brother, Vic, along with Ljjcille Lund, Hollywood actress,
try out the new mode of transportation in Palm Springs, Cat". Jinrick
shas, probably a little more comfortable than those of the orient, are
being used at the winter resort this season. (Associated Press Photo)

Ernie Ousatti (left), fielder of the world champion St. Louis Cardi
nals and his brother, Vic, along with Ljjcille Lund, Hollywood actress,
try out the new mode of transportation in Palm Springs, Cat". Jinrick
shas, probably a little more comfortable than those of the orient, are
being used at the winter resort this season. (Associated Press Photo)

Ernie Ousatti (left), fielder of the world champion St. Louis Cardi
nals and his brother, Vic, along with Ljjcille Lund, Hollywood actress,
try out the new mode of transportation in Palm Springs, Cat". Jinrick
shas, probably a little more comfortable than those of the orient, are
being used at the winter resort this season. (Associated Press Photo)

Ernie Ousatti (left), fielder of the world champion St. Louis Cardi
nals and his brother, Vic, along with Ljjcille Lund, Hollywood actress,
try out the new mode of transportation in Palm Springs, Cat". Jinrick
shas, probably a little more comfortable than those of the orient, are
being used at the winter resort this season. (Associated Press Photo)

Ernie Ousatti (left), fielder of the world champion St. Louis Cardi
nals and his brother, Vic, along with Ljjcille Lund, Hollywood actress,
try out the new mode of transportation in Palm Springs, Cat". Jinrick
shas, probably a little more comfortable than those of the orient, are
being used at the winter resort this season. (Associated Press Photo)

Ernie Ousatti (left), fielder of the world champion St. Louis Cardi
nals and his brother, Vic, along with Ljjcille Lund, Hollywood actress,
try out the new mode of transportation in Palm Springs, Cat". Jinrick
shas, probably a little more comfortable than those of the orient, are
being used at the winter resort this season. (Associated Press Photo)

Ernie Ousatti (left), fielder of the world champion St. Louis Cardi
nals and his brother, Vic, along with Ljjcille Lund, Hollywood actress,
try out the new mode of transportation in Palm Springs, Cat". Jinrick
shas, probably a little more comfortable than those of the orient, are
being used at the winter resort this season. (Associated Press Photo)

Ernie Ousatti (left), fielder of the world champion St. Louis Cardi
nals and his brother, Vic, along with Ljjcille Lund, Hollywood actress,
try out the new mode of transportation in Palm Springs, Cat". Jinrick
shas, probably a little more comfortable than those of the orient, are
being used at the winter resort this season. (Associated Press Photo)

Ernie Ousatti (left), fielder of the world champion St. Louis Cardi
nals and his brother, Vic, along with Ljjcille Lund, Hollywood actress,
try out the new mode of transportation in Palm Springs, Cat". Jinrick
shas, probably a little more comfortable than those of the orient, are
being used at the winter resort this season. (Associated Press Photo)

Ernie Ousatti (left), fielder of the world champion St. Louis Cardi
nals and his brother, Vic, along with Ljjcille Lund, Hollywood actress,
try out the new mode of transportation in Palm Springs, Cat". Jinrick
shas, probably a little more comfortable than those of the orient, are
being used at the winter resort this season. (Associated Press Photo)

Ernie Ousatti (left), fielder of the world champion St. Louis Cardi
nals and his brother, Vic, along with Ljjcille Lund, Hollywood actress,
try out the new mode of transportation in Palm Springs, Cat". Jinrick
shas, probably a little more comfortable than those of the orient, are
being used at the winter resort this season. (Associated Press Photo)

Ernie Ousatti (left), fielder of the world champion St. Louis Cardi
nals and his brother, Vic, along with Ljjcille Lund, Hollywood actress,
try out the new mode of transportation in Palm Springs, Cat". Jinrick
shas, probably a little more comfortable than those of the orient, are
being used at the winter resort this season. (Associated Press Photo)

Ernie Ousatti (left), fielder of the world champion St. Louis Cardi
nals and his brother, Vic, along with Ljjcille Lund, Hollywood actress,
try out the new mode of transportation in Palm Springs, Cat". Jinrick
shas, probably a little more comfortable than those of the orient, are
being used at the winter resort this season. (Associated Press Photo)

Ernie Ousatti (left), fielder of the world champion St. Louis Cardi
nals and his brother, Vic, along with Ljjcille Lund, Hollywood actress,
try out the new mode of transportation in Palm Springs, Cat". Jinrick
shas, probably a little more comfortable than those of the orient, are
being used at the winter resort this season. (Associated Press Photo)

Ernie Ousatti (left), fielder of the world champion St. Louis Cardi
nals and his brother, Vic, along with Ljjcille Lund, Hollywood actress,
try out the new mode of transportation in Palm Springs, Cat". Jinrick
shas, probably a little more comfortable than those of the orient, are
being used at the winter resort this season. (Associated Press Photo)
