# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It may appear as though there
were too many things already drain
ing the athletic treasury, but two
important matters deserve the at
tention of the board of directors.
First, a sufficient amount ought to
be set aside to cover the expenses of
a coach for next year. This de
mands consideration before all other
matters. Secondly, as soon as the
track has been put in condition, the
requisite sum ought to be voted for
ploughing the football field and giv
ing it a good covering of sand. If
the ground is neglected too long
after the winter rains, it will bake
and the ploughing become impos
sible. Should the date for the U.
C-Stanford game be fixed on
Thanksgiving, the condition of the
grounds next fall will necessitate
some action this spring toward put
ting them in the proper shape.
