# Kappa Kappa Gammas Entertain.
## 
### 
The parlor at Roble never looked
prettier than it did last Saturday
afternoon when the Kappa Kappa
Gammas were at home to the young
ladies of the Kappa Alpha Theta.
The mirrors were festooned with
sruilax, and masses of flowers were
everywhere. Violets were on the
tables where chocolate end cakes
were served; and some were decor
ated with pansies—the Theta flow
ers. The afternoon was made more
enjoyable by Mrs. Smith's singing
and Mias Kendall's instrumental
solos.
The parlor at Roble never looked
prettier than it did last Saturday
afternoon when the Kappa Kappa
Gammas were at home to the young
ladies of the Kappa Alpha Theta.
The mirrors were festooned with
sruilax, and masses of flowers were
everywhere. Violets were on the
tables where chocolate end cakes
were served; and some were decor
ated with pansies—the Theta flow
ers. The afternoon was made more
enjoyable by Mrs. Smith's singing
and Mias Kendall's instrumental
solos.
