# New President for Dartmouth.
## 
### 
At a special meeting of the trus
tees of Dartmouth College, William
Jewett Tucker, D.D., of the Andover
Theological Seminary, was unani
mously elected president, vice Rev.
Samuel C. Bartlett, resigned. I)r.
Tucker was present at the meeting,
and accepted his election. He will
be inaugurated at the annual com
mencement in Junp, but will enter
upon his duties in the last part of
May.
At a special meeting of the trus
tees of Dartmouth College, William
Jewett Tucker, D.D., of the Andover
Theological Seminary, was unani
mously elected president, vice Rev.
Samuel C. Bartlett, resigned. I)r.
Tucker was present at the meeting,
and accepted his election. He will
be inaugurated at the annual com
mencement in Junp, but will enter
upon his duties in the last part of
May.
