# Ruggers Prep For U.C.L.A.
## 
### 
Stanford ruggers will tesl out
their victory machine on the U. C.
L. A. Bruins this coming Saturday
after taking down U.S.C. last Sat
urday In the meantime the Stanford
B team will tackle Santa Rosa at 4
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
practice field.
The win over U.S.C. gives the rug
gers an excellent chance to going
places the rest of the season since
the Trojans were defending cham
pions. It wasn't an easy game by
any means, according to Coach Jim
Wylie, but the Stanford backfield
made such an excellent showing in
the second half of the game that if
they continue this kind of action in
next Saturday's game they will be
on the win list again.
With intensive practice this week,
the ruggers are whipping into shape
for Saturday's tussle with U.C.L.A.
Stanford ruggers will tesl out
their victory machine on the U. C.
L. A. Bruins this coming Saturday
after taking down U.S.C. last Sat
urday In the meantime the Stanford
B team will tackle Santa Rosa at 4
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
practice field.
The win over U.S.C. gives the rug
gers an excellent chance to going
places the rest of the season since
the Trojans were defending cham
pions. It wasn't an easy game by
any means, according to Coach Jim
Wylie, but the Stanford backfield
made such an excellent showing in
the second half of the game that if
they continue this kind of action in
next Saturday's game they will be
on the win list again.
With intensive practice this week,
the ruggers are whipping into shape
for Saturday's tussle with U.C.L.A.
Stanford ruggers will tesl out
their victory machine on the U. C.
L. A. Bruins this coming Saturday
after taking down U.S.C. last Sat
urday In the meantime the Stanford
B team will tackle Santa Rosa at 4
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
practice field.
The win over U.S.C. gives the rug
gers an excellent chance to going
places the rest of the season since
the Trojans were defending cham
pions. It wasn't an easy game by
any means, according to Coach Jim
Wylie, but the Stanford backfield
made such an excellent showing in
the second half of the game that if
they continue this kind of action in
next Saturday's game they will be
on the win list again.
With intensive practice this week,
the ruggers are whipping into shape
for Saturday's tussle with U.C.L.A.
Stanford ruggers will tesl out
their victory machine on the U. C.
L. A. Bruins this coming Saturday
after taking down U.S.C. last Sat
urday In the meantime the Stanford
B team will tackle Santa Rosa at 4
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
practice field.
The win over U.S.C. gives the rug
gers an excellent chance to going
places the rest of the season since
the Trojans were defending cham
pions. It wasn't an easy game by
any means, according to Coach Jim
Wylie, but the Stanford backfield
made such an excellent showing in
the second half of the game that if
they continue this kind of action in
next Saturday's game they will be
on the win list again.
With intensive practice this week,
the ruggers are whipping into shape
for Saturday's tussle with U.C.L.A.
Stanford ruggers will tesl out
their victory machine on the U. C.
L. A. Bruins this coming Saturday
after taking down U.S.C. last Sat
urday In the meantime the Stanford
B team will tackle Santa Rosa at 4
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
practice field.
The win over U.S.C. gives the rug
gers an excellent chance to going
places the rest of the season since
the Trojans were defending cham
pions. It wasn't an easy game by
any means, according to Coach Jim
Wylie, but the Stanford backfield
made such an excellent showing in
the second half of the game that if
they continue this kind of action in
next Saturday's game they will be
on the win list again.
With intensive practice this week,
the ruggers are whipping into shape
for Saturday's tussle with U.C.L.A.
Stanford ruggers will tesl out
their victory machine on the U. C.
L. A. Bruins this coming Saturday
after taking down U.S.C. last Sat
urday In the meantime the Stanford
B team will tackle Santa Rosa at 4
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
practice field.
The win over U.S.C. gives the rug
gers an excellent chance to going
places the rest of the season since
the Trojans were defending cham
pions. It wasn't an easy game by
any means, according to Coach Jim
Wylie, but the Stanford backfield
made such an excellent showing in
the second half of the game that if
they continue this kind of action in
next Saturday's game they will be
on the win list again.
With intensive practice this week,
the ruggers are whipping into shape
for Saturday's tussle with U.C.L.A.
Stanford ruggers will tesl out
their victory machine on the U. C.
L. A. Bruins this coming Saturday
after taking down U.S.C. last Sat
urday In the meantime the Stanford
B team will tackle Santa Rosa at 4
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
practice field.
The win over U.S.C. gives the rug
gers an excellent chance to going
places the rest of the season since
the Trojans were defending cham
pions. It wasn't an easy game by
any means, according to Coach Jim
Wylie, but the Stanford backfield
made such an excellent showing in
the second half of the game that if
they continue this kind of action in
next Saturday's game they will be
on the win list again.
With intensive practice this week,
the ruggers are whipping into shape
for Saturday's tussle with U.C.L.A.
Stanford ruggers will tesl out
their victory machine on the U. C.
L. A. Bruins this coming Saturday
after taking down U.S.C. last Sat
urday In the meantime the Stanford
B team will tackle Santa Rosa at 4
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
practice field.
The win over U.S.C. gives the rug
gers an excellent chance to going
places the rest of the season since
the Trojans were defending cham
pions. It wasn't an easy game by
any means, according to Coach Jim
Wylie, but the Stanford backfield
made such an excellent showing in
the second half of the game that if
they continue this kind of action in
next Saturday's game they will be
on the win list again.
With intensive practice this week,
the ruggers are whipping into shape
for Saturday's tussle with U.C.L.A.
Stanford ruggers will tesl out
their victory machine on the U. C.
L. A. Bruins this coming Saturday
after taking down U.S.C. last Sat
urday In the meantime the Stanford
B team will tackle Santa Rosa at 4
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
practice field.
The win over U.S.C. gives the rug
gers an excellent chance to going
places the rest of the season since
the Trojans were defending cham
pions. It wasn't an easy game by
any means, according to Coach Jim
Wylie, but the Stanford backfield
made such an excellent showing in
the second half of the game that if
they continue this kind of action in
next Saturday's game they will be
on the win list again.
With intensive practice this week,
the ruggers are whipping into shape
for Saturday's tussle with U.C.L.A.
Stanford ruggers will tesl out
their victory machine on the U. C.
L. A. Bruins this coming Saturday
after taking down U.S.C. last Sat
urday In the meantime the Stanford
B team will tackle Santa Rosa at 4
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
practice field.
The win over U.S.C. gives the rug
gers an excellent chance to going
places the rest of the season since
the Trojans were defending cham
pions. It wasn't an easy game by
any means, according to Coach Jim
Wylie, but the Stanford backfield
made such an excellent showing in
the second half of the game that if
they continue this kind of action in
next Saturday's game they will be
on the win list again.
With intensive practice this week,
the ruggers are whipping into shape
for Saturday's tussle with U.C.L.A.
Stanford ruggers will tesl out
their victory machine on the U. C.
L. A. Bruins this coming Saturday
after taking down U.S.C. last Sat
urday In the meantime the Stanford
B team will tackle Santa Rosa at 4
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
practice field.
The win over U.S.C. gives the rug
gers an excellent chance to going
places the rest of the season since
the Trojans were defending cham
pions. It wasn't an easy game by
any means, according to Coach Jim
Wylie, but the Stanford backfield
made such an excellent showing in
the second half of the game that if
they continue this kind of action in
next Saturday's game they will be
on the win list again.
With intensive practice this week,
the ruggers are whipping into shape
for Saturday's tussle with U.C.L.A.
Stanford ruggers will tesl out
their victory machine on the U. C.
L. A. Bruins this coming Saturday
after taking down U.S.C. last Sat
urday In the meantime the Stanford
B team will tackle Santa Rosa at 4
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
practice field.
The win over U.S.C. gives the rug
gers an excellent chance to going
places the rest of the season since
the Trojans were defending cham
pions. It wasn't an easy game by
any means, according to Coach Jim
Wylie, but the Stanford backfield
made such an excellent showing in
the second half of the game that if
they continue this kind of action in
next Saturday's game they will be
on the win list again.
With intensive practice this week,
the ruggers are whipping into shape
for Saturday's tussle with U.C.L.A.
Stanford ruggers will tesl out
their victory machine on the U. C.
L. A. Bruins this coming Saturday
after taking down U.S.C. last Sat
urday In the meantime the Stanford
B team will tackle Santa Rosa at 4
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
practice field.
The win over U.S.C. gives the rug
gers an excellent chance to going
places the rest of the season since
the Trojans were defending cham
pions. It wasn't an easy game by
any means, according to Coach Jim
Wylie, but the Stanford backfield
made such an excellent showing in
the second half of the game that if
they continue this kind of action in
next Saturday's game they will be
on the win list again.
With intensive practice this week,
the ruggers are whipping into shape
for Saturday's tussle with U.C.L.A.
Stanford ruggers will tesl out
their victory machine on the U. C.
L. A. Bruins this coming Saturday
after taking down U.S.C. last Sat
urday In the meantime the Stanford
B team will tackle Santa Rosa at 4
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
practice field.
The win over U.S.C. gives the rug
gers an excellent chance to going
places the rest of the season since
the Trojans were defending cham
pions. It wasn't an easy game by
any means, according to Coach Jim
Wylie, but the Stanford backfield
made such an excellent showing in
the second half of the game that if
they continue this kind of action in
next Saturday's game they will be
on the win list again.
With intensive practice this week,
the ruggers are whipping into shape
for Saturday's tussle with U.C.L.A.
Stanford ruggers will tesl out
their victory machine on the U. C.
L. A. Bruins this coming Saturday
after taking down U.S.C. last Sat
urday In the meantime the Stanford
B team will tackle Santa Rosa at 4
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
practice field.
The win over U.S.C. gives the rug
gers an excellent chance to going
places the rest of the season since
the Trojans were defending cham
pions. It wasn't an easy game by
any means, according to Coach Jim
Wylie, but the Stanford backfield
made such an excellent showing in
the second half of the game that if
they continue this kind of action in
next Saturday's game they will be
on the win list again.
With intensive practice this week,
the ruggers are whipping into shape
for Saturday's tussle with U.C.L.A.
Stanford ruggers will tesl out
their victory machine on the U. C.
L. A. Bruins this coming Saturday
after taking down U.S.C. last Sat
urday In the meantime the Stanford
B team will tackle Santa Rosa at 4
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
practice field.
The win over U.S.C. gives the rug
gers an excellent chance to going
places the rest of the season since
the Trojans were defending cham
pions. It wasn't an easy game by
any means, according to Coach Jim
Wylie, but the Stanford backfield
made such an excellent showing in
the second half of the game that if
they continue this kind of action in
next Saturday's game they will be
on the win list again.
With intensive practice this week,
the ruggers are whipping into shape
for Saturday's tussle with U.C.L.A.
