# Tarver Award Scholarship To Continue
## 
### 
The Bruce Tarver Memorial In
terfraternity Exchange Scholarship;
will be continued for 1939-40, it was:
decided at the last Interfraternity j
Council meeting, and applications!
with Switzerland as first and France ;
as second choice have been made.
The committee for investigation, j
which is Bud McDuffie, Bill Barkan,
and Harold Bacon, assistant profes- j
sor of mathematics, has been going
ahead with plans for choosing a can- j
didate in order to give him an op- j
portunity to prepare himself. An- 1
nouncement of the requirements will i
be made later.
The scholai'ship is now held by |
Gordy Frost, Beta Theta Pi and J
former Daily editor, who is now in j
Germany.
The Bruce Tarver Memorial In
terfraternity Exchange Scholarship;
will be continued for 1939-40, it was:
decided at the last Interfraternity j
Council meeting, and applications!
with Switzerland as first and France ;
as second choice have been made.
The committee for investigation, j
which is Bud McDuffie, Bill Barkan,
and Harold Bacon, assistant profes- j
sor of mathematics, has been going
ahead with plans for choosing a can- j
didate in order to give him an op- j
portunity to prepare himself. An- 1
nouncement of the requirements will i
be made later.
The scholai'ship is now held by |
Gordy Frost, Beta Theta Pi and J
former Daily editor, who is now in j
Germany.
The Bruce Tarver Memorial In
terfraternity Exchange Scholarship;
will be continued for 1939-40, it was:
decided at the last Interfraternity j
Council meeting, and applications!
with Switzerland as first and France ;
as second choice have been made.
The committee for investigation, j
which is Bud McDuffie, Bill Barkan,
and Harold Bacon, assistant profes- j
sor of mathematics, has been going
ahead with plans for choosing a can- j
didate in order to give him an op- j
portunity to prepare himself. An- 1
nouncement of the requirements will i
be made later.
The scholai'ship is now held by |
Gordy Frost, Beta Theta Pi and J
former Daily editor, who is now in j
Germany.
The Bruce Tarver Memorial In
terfraternity Exchange Scholarship;
will be continued for 1939-40, it was:
decided at the last Interfraternity j
Council meeting, and applications!
with Switzerland as first and France ;
as second choice have been made.
The committee for investigation, j
which is Bud McDuffie, Bill Barkan,
and Harold Bacon, assistant profes- j
sor of mathematics, has been going
ahead with plans for choosing a can- j
didate in order to give him an op- j
portunity to prepare himself. An- 1
nouncement of the requirements will i
be made later.
The scholai'ship is now held by |
Gordy Frost, Beta Theta Pi and J
former Daily editor, who is now in j
Germany.
The Bruce Tarver Memorial In
terfraternity Exchange Scholarship;
will be continued for 1939-40, it was:
decided at the last Interfraternity j
Council meeting, and applications!
with Switzerland as first and France ;
as second choice have been made.
The committee for investigation, j
which is Bud McDuffie, Bill Barkan,
and Harold Bacon, assistant profes- j
sor of mathematics, has been going
ahead with plans for choosing a can- j
didate in order to give him an op- j
portunity to prepare himself. An- 1
nouncement of the requirements will i
be made later.
The scholai'ship is now held by |
Gordy Frost, Beta Theta Pi and J
former Daily editor, who is now in j
Germany.
The Bruce Tarver Memorial In
terfraternity Exchange Scholarship;
will be continued for 1939-40, it was:
decided at the last Interfraternity j
Council meeting, and applications!
with Switzerland as first and France ;
as second choice have been made.
The committee for investigation, j
which is Bud McDuffie, Bill Barkan,
and Harold Bacon, assistant profes- j
sor of mathematics, has been going
ahead with plans for choosing a can- j
didate in order to give him an op- j
portunity to prepare himself. An- 1
nouncement of the requirements will i
be made later.
The scholai'ship is now held by |
Gordy Frost, Beta Theta Pi and J
former Daily editor, who is now in j
Germany.
The Bruce Tarver Memorial In
terfraternity Exchange Scholarship;
will be continued for 1939-40, it was:
decided at the last Interfraternity j
Council meeting, and applications!
with Switzerland as first and France ;
as second choice have been made.
The committee for investigation, j
which is Bud McDuffie, Bill Barkan,
and Harold Bacon, assistant profes- j
sor of mathematics, has been going
ahead with plans for choosing a can- j
didate in order to give him an op- j
portunity to prepare himself. An- 1
nouncement of the requirements will i
be made later.
The scholai'ship is now held by |
Gordy Frost, Beta Theta Pi and J
former Daily editor, who is now in j
Germany.
The Bruce Tarver Memorial In
terfraternity Exchange Scholarship;
will be continued for 1939-40, it was:
decided at the last Interfraternity j
Council meeting, and applications!
with Switzerland as first and France ;
as second choice have been made.
The committee for investigation, j
which is Bud McDuffie, Bill Barkan,
and Harold Bacon, assistant profes- j
sor of mathematics, has been going
ahead with plans for choosing a can- j
didate in order to give him an op- j
portunity to prepare himself. An- 1
nouncement of the requirements will i
be made later.
The scholai'ship is now held by |
Gordy Frost, Beta Theta Pi and J
former Daily editor, who is now in j
Germany.
The Bruce Tarver Memorial In
terfraternity Exchange Scholarship;
will be continued for 1939-40, it was:
decided at the last Interfraternity j
Council meeting, and applications!
with Switzerland as first and France ;
as second choice have been made.
The committee for investigation, j
which is Bud McDuffie, Bill Barkan,
and Harold Bacon, assistant profes- j
sor of mathematics, has been going
ahead with plans for choosing a can- j
didate in order to give him an op- j
portunity to prepare himself. An- 1
nouncement of the requirements will i
be made later.
The scholai'ship is now held by |
Gordy Frost, Beta Theta Pi and J
former Daily editor, who is now in j
Germany.
The Bruce Tarver Memorial In
terfraternity Exchange Scholarship;
will be continued for 1939-40, it was:
decided at the last Interfraternity j
Council meeting, and applications!
with Switzerland as first and France ;
as second choice have been made.
The committee for investigation, j
which is Bud McDuffie, Bill Barkan,
and Harold Bacon, assistant profes- j
sor of mathematics, has been going
ahead with plans for choosing a can- j
didate in order to give him an op- j
portunity to prepare himself. An- 1
nouncement of the requirements will i
be made later.
The scholai'ship is now held by |
Gordy Frost, Beta Theta Pi and J
former Daily editor, who is now in j
Germany.
The Bruce Tarver Memorial In
terfraternity Exchange Scholarship;
will be continued for 1939-40, it was:
decided at the last Interfraternity j
Council meeting, and applications!
with Switzerland as first and France ;
as second choice have been made.
The committee for investigation, j
which is Bud McDuffie, Bill Barkan,
and Harold Bacon, assistant profes- j
sor of mathematics, has been going
ahead with plans for choosing a can- j
didate in order to give him an op- j
portunity to prepare himself. An- 1
nouncement of the requirements will i
be made later.
The scholai'ship is now held by |
Gordy Frost, Beta Theta Pi and J
former Daily editor, who is now in j
Germany.
The Bruce Tarver Memorial In
terfraternity Exchange Scholarship;
will be continued for 1939-40, it was:
decided at the last Interfraternity j
Council meeting, and applications!
with Switzerland as first and France ;
as second choice have been made.
The committee for investigation, j
which is Bud McDuffie, Bill Barkan,
and Harold Bacon, assistant profes- j
sor of mathematics, has been going
ahead with plans for choosing a can- j
didate in order to give him an op- j
portunity to prepare himself. An- 1
nouncement of the requirements will i
be made later.
The scholai'ship is now held by |
Gordy Frost, Beta Theta Pi and J
former Daily editor, who is now in j
Germany.
The Bruce Tarver Memorial In
terfraternity Exchange Scholarship;
will be continued for 1939-40, it was:
decided at the last Interfraternity j
Council meeting, and applications!
with Switzerland as first and France ;
as second choice have been made.
The committee for investigation, j
which is Bud McDuffie, Bill Barkan,
and Harold Bacon, assistant profes- j
sor of mathematics, has been going
ahead with plans for choosing a can- j
didate in order to give him an op- j
portunity to prepare himself. An- 1
nouncement of the requirements will i
be made later.
The scholai'ship is now held by |
Gordy Frost, Beta Theta Pi and J
former Daily editor, who is now in j
Germany.
The Bruce Tarver Memorial In
terfraternity Exchange Scholarship;
will be continued for 1939-40, it was:
decided at the last Interfraternity j
Council meeting, and applications!
with Switzerland as first and France ;
as second choice have been made.
The committee for investigation, j
which is Bud McDuffie, Bill Barkan,
and Harold Bacon, assistant profes- j
sor of mathematics, has been going
ahead with plans for choosing a can- j
didate in order to give him an op- j
portunity to prepare himself. An- 1
nouncement of the requirements will i
be made later.
The scholai'ship is now held by |
Gordy Frost, Beta Theta Pi and J
former Daily editor, who is now in j
Germany.
The Bruce Tarver Memorial In
terfraternity Exchange Scholarship;
will be continued for 1939-40, it was:
decided at the last Interfraternity j
Council meeting, and applications!
with Switzerland as first and France ;
as second choice have been made.
The committee for investigation, j
which is Bud McDuffie, Bill Barkan,
and Harold Bacon, assistant profes- j
sor of mathematics, has been going
ahead with plans for choosing a can- j
didate in order to give him an op- j
portunity to prepare himself. An- 1
nouncement of the requirements will i
be made later.
The scholai'ship is now held by |
Gordy Frost, Beta Theta Pi and J
former Daily editor, who is now in j
Germany.
The Bruce Tarver Memorial In
terfraternity Exchange Scholarship;
will be continued for 1939-40, it was:
decided at the last Interfraternity j
Council meeting, and applications!
with Switzerland as first and France ;
as second choice have been made.
The committee for investigation, j
which is Bud McDuffie, Bill Barkan,
and Harold Bacon, assistant profes- j
sor of mathematics, has been going
ahead with plans for choosing a can- j
didate in order to give him an op- j
portunity to prepare himself. An- 1
nouncement of the requirements will i
be made later.
The scholai'ship is now held by |
Gordy Frost, Beta Theta Pi and J
former Daily editor, who is now in j
Germany.
