# French Comedies To lie Presented
## 
### 
Professor Georges Lemaitre is di
recting the two French plays which
are to be given in the Little Theater
of Memorial Hall next Thursday and
Friday evenings, Feb. 16 and 17, by
the Department of Romanic Lan
guages.
The program will open with a
modern comedy by Eugene Brieux,
"L'Ecole des Belles-Meres," whose
cast includes Sylvia Berry, Ramon
Espinosa, Enid Olivi, Perry Brad
ford, Bill Edwards, Sue Payntfjr,
and Sweet Pea.
This will be followed by a com
edy of Muliere, "L'Amour Medecin."
The cast for this second presenta
tion includes George Grinnell,
Jeanne Lattin, Helen Conkling,
Quentin Warren, George Cadwalader
Kirby Low. Tefvik Sadullah, Emilio
de Jauregui, Siegrid Beuche.
Professor Georges Lemaitre is di
recting the two French plays which
are to be given in the Little Theater
of Memorial Hall next Thursday and
Friday evenings, Feb. 16 and 17, by
the Department of Romanic Lan
guages.
The program will open with a
modern comedy by Eugene Brieux,
"L'Ecole des Belles-Meres," whose
cast includes Sylvia Berry, Ramon
Espinosa, Enid Olivi, Perry Brad
ford, Bill Edwards, Sue Payntfjr,
and Sweet Pea.
This will be followed by a com
edy of Muliere, "L'Amour Medecin."
The cast for this second presenta
tion includes George Grinnell,
Jeanne Lattin, Helen Conkling,
Quentin Warren, George Cadwalader
Kirby Low. Tefvik Sadullah, Emilio
de Jauregui, Siegrid Beuche.
Professor Georges Lemaitre is di
recting the two French plays which
are to be given in the Little Theater
of Memorial Hall next Thursday and
Friday evenings, Feb. 16 and 17, by
the Department of Romanic Lan
guages.
The program will open with a
modern comedy by Eugene Brieux,
"L'Ecole des Belles-Meres," whose
cast includes Sylvia Berry, Ramon
Espinosa, Enid Olivi, Perry Brad
ford, Bill Edwards, Sue Payntfjr,
and Sweet Pea.
This will be followed by a com
edy of Muliere, "L'Amour Medecin."
The cast for this second presenta
tion includes George Grinnell,
Jeanne Lattin, Helen Conkling,
Quentin Warren, George Cadwalader
Kirby Low. Tefvik Sadullah, Emilio
de Jauregui, Siegrid Beuche.
Professor Georges Lemaitre is di
recting the two French plays which
are to be given in the Little Theater
of Memorial Hall next Thursday and
Friday evenings, Feb. 16 and 17, by
the Department of Romanic Lan
guages.
The program will open with a
modern comedy by Eugene Brieux,
"L'Ecole des Belles-Meres," whose
cast includes Sylvia Berry, Ramon
Espinosa, Enid Olivi, Perry Brad
ford, Bill Edwards, Sue Payntfjr,
and Sweet Pea.
This will be followed by a com
edy of Muliere, "L'Amour Medecin."
The cast for this second presenta
tion includes George Grinnell,
Jeanne Lattin, Helen Conkling,
Quentin Warren, George Cadwalader
Kirby Low. Tefvik Sadullah, Emilio
de Jauregui, Siegrid Beuche.
Professor Georges Lemaitre is di
recting the two French plays which
are to be given in the Little Theater
of Memorial Hall next Thursday and
Friday evenings, Feb. 16 and 17, by
the Department of Romanic Lan
guages.
The program will open with a
modern comedy by Eugene Brieux,
"L'Ecole des Belles-Meres," whose
cast includes Sylvia Berry, Ramon
Espinosa, Enid Olivi, Perry Brad
ford, Bill Edwards, Sue Payntfjr,
and Sweet Pea.
This will be followed by a com
edy of Muliere, "L'Amour Medecin."
The cast for this second presenta
tion includes George Grinnell,
Jeanne Lattin, Helen Conkling,
Quentin Warren, George Cadwalader
Kirby Low. Tefvik Sadullah, Emilio
de Jauregui, Siegrid Beuche.
Professor Georges Lemaitre is di
recting the two French plays which
are to be given in the Little Theater
of Memorial Hall next Thursday and
Friday evenings, Feb. 16 and 17, by
the Department of Romanic Lan
guages.
The program will open with a
modern comedy by Eugene Brieux,
"L'Ecole des Belles-Meres," whose
cast includes Sylvia Berry, Ramon
Espinosa, Enid Olivi, Perry Brad
ford, Bill Edwards, Sue Payntfjr,
and Sweet Pea.
This will be followed by a com
edy of Muliere, "L'Amour Medecin."
The cast for this second presenta
tion includes George Grinnell,
Jeanne Lattin, Helen Conkling,
Quentin Warren, George Cadwalader
Kirby Low. Tefvik Sadullah, Emilio
de Jauregui, Siegrid Beuche.
Professor Georges Lemaitre is di
recting the two French plays which
are to be given in the Little Theater
of Memorial Hall next Thursday and
Friday evenings, Feb. 16 and 17, by
the Department of Romanic Lan
guages.
The program will open with a
modern comedy by Eugene Brieux,
"L'Ecole des Belles-Meres," whose
cast includes Sylvia Berry, Ramon
Espinosa, Enid Olivi, Perry Brad
ford, Bill Edwards, Sue Payntfjr,
and Sweet Pea.
This will be followed by a com
edy of Muliere, "L'Amour Medecin."
The cast for this second presenta
tion includes George Grinnell,
Jeanne Lattin, Helen Conkling,
Quentin Warren, George Cadwalader
Kirby Low. Tefvik Sadullah, Emilio
de Jauregui, Siegrid Beuche.
Professor Georges Lemaitre is di
recting the two French plays which
are to be given in the Little Theater
of Memorial Hall next Thursday and
Friday evenings, Feb. 16 and 17, by
the Department of Romanic Lan
guages.
The program will open with a
modern comedy by Eugene Brieux,
"L'Ecole des Belles-Meres," whose
cast includes Sylvia Berry, Ramon
Espinosa, Enid Olivi, Perry Brad
ford, Bill Edwards, Sue Payntfjr,
and Sweet Pea.
This will be followed by a com
edy of Muliere, "L'Amour Medecin."
The cast for this second presenta
tion includes George Grinnell,
Jeanne Lattin, Helen Conkling,
Quentin Warren, George Cadwalader
Kirby Low. Tefvik Sadullah, Emilio
de Jauregui, Siegrid Beuche.
Professor Georges Lemaitre is di
recting the two French plays which
are to be given in the Little Theater
of Memorial Hall next Thursday and
Friday evenings, Feb. 16 and 17, by
the Department of Romanic Lan
guages.
The program will open with a
modern comedy by Eugene Brieux,
"L'Ecole des Belles-Meres," whose
cast includes Sylvia Berry, Ramon
Espinosa, Enid Olivi, Perry Brad
ford, Bill Edwards, Sue Payntfjr,
and Sweet Pea.
This will be followed by a com
edy of Muliere, "L'Amour Medecin."
The cast for this second presenta
tion includes George Grinnell,
Jeanne Lattin, Helen Conkling,
Quentin Warren, George Cadwalader
Kirby Low. Tefvik Sadullah, Emilio
de Jauregui, Siegrid Beuche.
Professor Georges Lemaitre is di
recting the two French plays which
are to be given in the Little Theater
of Memorial Hall next Thursday and
Friday evenings, Feb. 16 and 17, by
the Department of Romanic Lan
guages.
The program will open with a
modern comedy by Eugene Brieux,
"L'Ecole des Belles-Meres," whose
cast includes Sylvia Berry, Ramon
Espinosa, Enid Olivi, Perry Brad
ford, Bill Edwards, Sue Payntfjr,
and Sweet Pea.
This will be followed by a com
edy of Muliere, "L'Amour Medecin."
The cast for this second presenta
tion includes George Grinnell,
Jeanne Lattin, Helen Conkling,
Quentin Warren, George Cadwalader
Kirby Low. Tefvik Sadullah, Emilio
de Jauregui, Siegrid Beuche.
Professor Georges Lemaitre is di
recting the two French plays which
are to be given in the Little Theater
of Memorial Hall next Thursday and
Friday evenings, Feb. 16 and 17, by
the Department of Romanic Lan
guages.
The program will open with a
modern comedy by Eugene Brieux,
"L'Ecole des Belles-Meres," whose
cast includes Sylvia Berry, Ramon
Espinosa, Enid Olivi, Perry Brad
ford, Bill Edwards, Sue Payntfjr,
and Sweet Pea.
This will be followed by a com
edy of Muliere, "L'Amour Medecin."
The cast for this second presenta
tion includes George Grinnell,
Jeanne Lattin, Helen Conkling,
Quentin Warren, George Cadwalader
Kirby Low. Tefvik Sadullah, Emilio
de Jauregui, Siegrid Beuche.
Professor Georges Lemaitre is di
recting the two French plays which
are to be given in the Little Theater
of Memorial Hall next Thursday and
Friday evenings, Feb. 16 and 17, by
the Department of Romanic Lan
guages.
The program will open with a
modern comedy by Eugene Brieux,
"L'Ecole des Belles-Meres," whose
cast includes Sylvia Berry, Ramon
Espinosa, Enid Olivi, Perry Brad
ford, Bill Edwards, Sue Payntfjr,
and Sweet Pea.
This will be followed by a com
edy of Muliere, "L'Amour Medecin."
The cast for this second presenta
tion includes George Grinnell,
Jeanne Lattin, Helen Conkling,
Quentin Warren, George Cadwalader
Kirby Low. Tefvik Sadullah, Emilio
de Jauregui, Siegrid Beuche.
Professor Georges Lemaitre is di
recting the two French plays which
are to be given in the Little Theater
of Memorial Hall next Thursday and
Friday evenings, Feb. 16 and 17, by
the Department of Romanic Lan
guages.
The program will open with a
modern comedy by Eugene Brieux,
"L'Ecole des Belles-Meres," whose
cast includes Sylvia Berry, Ramon
Espinosa, Enid Olivi, Perry Brad
ford, Bill Edwards, Sue Payntfjr,
and Sweet Pea.
This will be followed by a com
edy of Muliere, "L'Amour Medecin."
The cast for this second presenta
tion includes George Grinnell,
Jeanne Lattin, Helen Conkling,
Quentin Warren, George Cadwalader
Kirby Low. Tefvik Sadullah, Emilio
de Jauregui, Siegrid Beuche.
Professor Georges Lemaitre is di
recting the two French plays which
are to be given in the Little Theater
of Memorial Hall next Thursday and
Friday evenings, Feb. 16 and 17, by
the Department of Romanic Lan
guages.
The program will open with a
modern comedy by Eugene Brieux,
"L'Ecole des Belles-Meres," whose
cast includes Sylvia Berry, Ramon
Espinosa, Enid Olivi, Perry Brad
ford, Bill Edwards, Sue Payntfjr,
and Sweet Pea.
This will be followed by a com
edy of Muliere, "L'Amour Medecin."
The cast for this second presenta
tion includes George Grinnell,
Jeanne Lattin, Helen Conkling,
Quentin Warren, George Cadwalader
Kirby Low. Tefvik Sadullah, Emilio
de Jauregui, Siegrid Beuche.
Professor Georges Lemaitre is di
recting the two French plays which
are to be given in the Little Theater
of Memorial Hall next Thursday and
Friday evenings, Feb. 16 and 17, by
the Department of Romanic Lan
guages.
The program will open with a
modern comedy by Eugene Brieux,
"L'Ecole des Belles-Meres," whose
cast includes Sylvia Berry, Ramon
Espinosa, Enid Olivi, Perry Brad
ford, Bill Edwards, Sue Payntfjr,
and Sweet Pea.
This will be followed by a com
edy of Muliere, "L'Amour Medecin."
The cast for this second presenta
tion includes George Grinnell,
Jeanne Lattin, Helen Conkling,
Quentin Warren, George Cadwalader
Kirby Low. Tefvik Sadullah, Emilio
de Jauregui, Siegrid Beuche.
Professor Georges Lemaitre is di
recting the two French plays which
are to be given in the Little Theater
of Memorial Hall next Thursday and
Friday evenings, Feb. 16 and 17, by
the Department of Romanic Lan
guages.
The program will open with a
modern comedy by Eugene Brieux,
"L'Ecole des Belles-Meres," whose
cast includes Sylvia Berry, Ramon
Espinosa, Enid Olivi, Perry Brad
ford, Bill Edwards, Sue Payntfjr,
and Sweet Pea.
This will be followed by a com
edy of Muliere, "L'Amour Medecin."
The cast for this second presenta
tion includes George Grinnell,
Jeanne Lattin, Helen Conkling,
Quentin Warren, George Cadwalader
Kirby Low. Tefvik Sadullah, Emilio
de Jauregui, Siegrid Beuche.
