# I knew you could
## 
### 

Reuters
Television personality Fred Rogers, of pub
lic television s "Mister Rogers' Neighbor
hood," laughs as he poses with a plaque
received at the ceremony to unveil his star
on the Hollywood Walk of Fame yesterday.

Reuters
Television personality Fred Rogers, of pub
lic television s "Mister Rogers' Neighbor
hood," laughs as he poses with a plaque
received at the ceremony to unveil his star
on the Hollywood Walk of Fame yesterday.

Reuters
Television personality Fred Rogers, of pub
lic television s "Mister Rogers' Neighbor
hood," laughs as he poses with a plaque
received at the ceremony to unveil his star
on the Hollywood Walk of Fame yesterday.

Reuters
Television personality Fred Rogers, of pub
lic television s "Mister Rogers' Neighbor
hood," laughs as he poses with a plaque
received at the ceremony to unveil his star
on the Hollywood Walk of Fame yesterday.

Reuters
Television personality Fred Rogers, of pub
lic television s "Mister Rogers' Neighbor
hood," laughs as he poses with a plaque
received at the ceremony to unveil his star
on the Hollywood Walk of Fame yesterday.
