# CENTRAL AMERICAN FILMS
## 
### 
Two colored films of Central
America will complete the Latin
American Workshop's summer pro
gram of motion pictures, on Thurs
day. at 8 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The movies were filmed in Mexico
and Venezuela.
Two colored films of Central
America will complete the Latin
American Workshop's summer pro
gram of motion pictures, on Thurs
day. at 8 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The movies were filmed in Mexico
and Venezuela.
Two colored films of Central
America will complete the Latin
American Workshop's summer pro
gram of motion pictures, on Thurs
day. at 8 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The movies were filmed in Mexico
and Venezuela.
Two colored films of Central
America will complete the Latin
American Workshop's summer pro
gram of motion pictures, on Thurs
day. at 8 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The movies were filmed in Mexico
and Venezuela.
Two colored films of Central
America will complete the Latin
American Workshop's summer pro
gram of motion pictures, on Thurs
day. at 8 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The movies were filmed in Mexico
and Venezuela.
Two colored films of Central
America will complete the Latin
American Workshop's summer pro
gram of motion pictures, on Thurs
day. at 8 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The movies were filmed in Mexico
and Venezuela.
Two colored films of Central
America will complete the Latin
American Workshop's summer pro
gram of motion pictures, on Thurs
day. at 8 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The movies were filmed in Mexico
and Venezuela.
Two colored films of Central
America will complete the Latin
American Workshop's summer pro
gram of motion pictures, on Thurs
day. at 8 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The movies were filmed in Mexico
and Venezuela.
Two colored films of Central
America will complete the Latin
American Workshop's summer pro
gram of motion pictures, on Thurs
day. at 8 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The movies were filmed in Mexico
and Venezuela.
Two colored films of Central
America will complete the Latin
American Workshop's summer pro
gram of motion pictures, on Thurs
day. at 8 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The movies were filmed in Mexico
and Venezuela.
Two colored films of Central
America will complete the Latin
American Workshop's summer pro
gram of motion pictures, on Thurs
day. at 8 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The movies were filmed in Mexico
and Venezuela.
Two colored films of Central
America will complete the Latin
American Workshop's summer pro
gram of motion pictures, on Thurs
day. at 8 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The movies were filmed in Mexico
and Venezuela.
Two colored films of Central
America will complete the Latin
American Workshop's summer pro
gram of motion pictures, on Thurs
day. at 8 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The movies were filmed in Mexico
and Venezuela.
Two colored films of Central
America will complete the Latin
American Workshop's summer pro
gram of motion pictures, on Thurs
day. at 8 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The movies were filmed in Mexico
and Venezuela.
Two colored films of Central
America will complete the Latin
American Workshop's summer pro
gram of motion pictures, on Thurs
day. at 8 p.m. in the Education
Auditorium.
The movies were filmed in Mexico
and Venezuela.
