# GIFFORD PINCHOT TO SPEAK THURSDAY IN UNION AT 2 O'CLOCK
## 
### 
Plans are nearly completed for the
appearance here, Thursday, of Gif
ford Pinchot, former head of the
United States Bureau of Forestry, and
the father of the conservation idea in
America. Pinchot will speak in Stan
ford Union, Thursday afternoon, at 2
o'clock, and according to placards
placed at central points on the cam
pus, will tell, among other things,
why Progressives should cast their
ballot for Hughes.
Arrangements are being made for a
dinner in honor of the forester. A
limited number of local Hughes men
are being invited to be present. Tn
order to facilitate an informal, con
genial spirit, the number at this din
ner is being kept down to small-table
size. Poth faculty and student body
are to be represented by perhaps a
dozen delegates.
Plans are nearly completed for the
appearance here, Thursday, of Gif
ford Pinchot, former head of the
United States Bureau of Forestry, and
the father of the conservation idea in
America. Pinchot will speak in Stan
ford Union, Thursday afternoon, at 2
o'clock, and according to placards
placed at central points on the cam
pus, will tell, among other things,
why Progressives should cast their
ballot for Hughes.
Arrangements are being made for a
dinner in honor of the forester. A
limited number of local Hughes men
are being invited to be present. Tn
order to facilitate an informal, con
genial spirit, the number at this din
ner is being kept down to small-table
size. Poth faculty and student body
are to be represented by perhaps a
dozen delegates.
Plans are nearly completed for the
appearance here, Thursday, of Gif
ford Pinchot, former head of the
United States Bureau of Forestry, and
the father of the conservation idea in
America. Pinchot will speak in Stan
ford Union, Thursday afternoon, at 2
o'clock, and according to placards
placed at central points on the cam
pus, will tell, among other things,
why Progressives should cast their
ballot for Hughes.
Arrangements are being made for a
dinner in honor of the forester. A
limited number of local Hughes men
are being invited to be present. Tn
order to facilitate an informal, con
genial spirit, the number at this din
ner is being kept down to small-table
size. Poth faculty and student body
are to be represented by perhaps a
dozen delegates.
Plans are nearly completed for the
appearance here, Thursday, of Gif
ford Pinchot, former head of the
United States Bureau of Forestry, and
the father of the conservation idea in
America. Pinchot will speak in Stan
ford Union, Thursday afternoon, at 2
o'clock, and according to placards
placed at central points on the cam
pus, will tell, among other things,
why Progressives should cast their
ballot for Hughes.
Arrangements are being made for a
dinner in honor of the forester. A
limited number of local Hughes men
are being invited to be present. Tn
order to facilitate an informal, con
genial spirit, the number at this din
ner is being kept down to small-table
size. Poth faculty and student body
are to be represented by perhaps a
dozen delegates.
Plans are nearly completed for the
appearance here, Thursday, of Gif
ford Pinchot, former head of the
United States Bureau of Forestry, and
the father of the conservation idea in
America. Pinchot will speak in Stan
ford Union, Thursday afternoon, at 2
o'clock, and according to placards
placed at central points on the cam
pus, will tell, among other things,
why Progressives should cast their
ballot for Hughes.
Arrangements are being made for a
dinner in honor of the forester. A
limited number of local Hughes men
are being invited to be present. Tn
order to facilitate an informal, con
genial spirit, the number at this din
ner is being kept down to small-table
size. Poth faculty and student body
are to be represented by perhaps a
dozen delegates.
Plans are nearly completed for the
appearance here, Thursday, of Gif
ford Pinchot, former head of the
United States Bureau of Forestry, and
the father of the conservation idea in
America. Pinchot will speak in Stan
ford Union, Thursday afternoon, at 2
o'clock, and according to placards
placed at central points on the cam
pus, will tell, among other things,
why Progressives should cast their
ballot for Hughes.
Arrangements are being made for a
dinner in honor of the forester. A
limited number of local Hughes men
are being invited to be present. Tn
order to facilitate an informal, con
genial spirit, the number at this din
ner is being kept down to small-table
size. Poth faculty and student body
are to be represented by perhaps a
dozen delegates.
Plans are nearly completed for the
appearance here, Thursday, of Gif
ford Pinchot, former head of the
United States Bureau of Forestry, and
the father of the conservation idea in
America. Pinchot will speak in Stan
ford Union, Thursday afternoon, at 2
o'clock, and according to placards
placed at central points on the cam
pus, will tell, among other things,
why Progressives should cast their
ballot for Hughes.
Arrangements are being made for a
dinner in honor of the forester. A
limited number of local Hughes men
are being invited to be present. Tn
order to facilitate an informal, con
genial spirit, the number at this din
ner is being kept down to small-table
size. Poth faculty and student body
are to be represented by perhaps a
dozen delegates.
Plans are nearly completed for the
appearance here, Thursday, of Gif
ford Pinchot, former head of the
United States Bureau of Forestry, and
the father of the conservation idea in
America. Pinchot will speak in Stan
ford Union, Thursday afternoon, at 2
o'clock, and according to placards
placed at central points on the cam
pus, will tell, among other things,
why Progressives should cast their
ballot for Hughes.
Arrangements are being made for a
dinner in honor of the forester. A
limited number of local Hughes men
are being invited to be present. Tn
order to facilitate an informal, con
genial spirit, the number at this din
ner is being kept down to small-table
size. Poth faculty and student body
are to be represented by perhaps a
dozen delegates.
Plans are nearly completed for the
appearance here, Thursday, of Gif
ford Pinchot, former head of the
United States Bureau of Forestry, and
the father of the conservation idea in
America. Pinchot will speak in Stan
ford Union, Thursday afternoon, at 2
o'clock, and according to placards
placed at central points on the cam
pus, will tell, among other things,
why Progressives should cast their
ballot for Hughes.
Arrangements are being made for a
dinner in honor of the forester. A
limited number of local Hughes men
are being invited to be present. Tn
order to facilitate an informal, con
genial spirit, the number at this din
ner is being kept down to small-table
size. Poth faculty and student body
are to be represented by perhaps a
dozen delegates.
Plans are nearly completed for the
appearance here, Thursday, of Gif
ford Pinchot, former head of the
United States Bureau of Forestry, and
the father of the conservation idea in
America. Pinchot will speak in Stan
ford Union, Thursday afternoon, at 2
o'clock, and according to placards
placed at central points on the cam
pus, will tell, among other things,
why Progressives should cast their
ballot for Hughes.
Arrangements are being made for a
dinner in honor of the forester. A
limited number of local Hughes men
are being invited to be present. Tn
order to facilitate an informal, con
genial spirit, the number at this din
ner is being kept down to small-table
size. Poth faculty and student body
are to be represented by perhaps a
dozen delegates.
Plans are nearly completed for the
appearance here, Thursday, of Gif
ford Pinchot, former head of the
United States Bureau of Forestry, and
the father of the conservation idea in
America. Pinchot will speak in Stan
ford Union, Thursday afternoon, at 2
o'clock, and according to placards
placed at central points on the cam
pus, will tell, among other things,
why Progressives should cast their
ballot for Hughes.
Arrangements are being made for a
dinner in honor of the forester. A
limited number of local Hughes men
are being invited to be present. Tn
order to facilitate an informal, con
genial spirit, the number at this din
ner is being kept down to small-table
size. Poth faculty and student body
are to be represented by perhaps a
dozen delegates.
Plans are nearly completed for the
appearance here, Thursday, of Gif
ford Pinchot, former head of the
United States Bureau of Forestry, and
the father of the conservation idea in
America. Pinchot will speak in Stan
ford Union, Thursday afternoon, at 2
o'clock, and according to placards
placed at central points on the cam
pus, will tell, among other things,
why Progressives should cast their
ballot for Hughes.
Arrangements are being made for a
dinner in honor of the forester. A
limited number of local Hughes men
are being invited to be present. Tn
order to facilitate an informal, con
genial spirit, the number at this din
ner is being kept down to small-table
size. Poth faculty and student body
are to be represented by perhaps a
dozen delegates.
Plans are nearly completed for the
appearance here, Thursday, of Gif
ford Pinchot, former head of the
United States Bureau of Forestry, and
the father of the conservation idea in
America. Pinchot will speak in Stan
ford Union, Thursday afternoon, at 2
o'clock, and according to placards
placed at central points on the cam
pus, will tell, among other things,
why Progressives should cast their
ballot for Hughes.
Arrangements are being made for a
dinner in honor of the forester. A
limited number of local Hughes men
are being invited to be present. Tn
order to facilitate an informal, con
genial spirit, the number at this din
ner is being kept down to small-table
size. Poth faculty and student body
are to be represented by perhaps a
dozen delegates.
Plans are nearly completed for the
appearance here, Thursday, of Gif
ford Pinchot, former head of the
United States Bureau of Forestry, and
the father of the conservation idea in
America. Pinchot will speak in Stan
ford Union, Thursday afternoon, at 2
o'clock, and according to placards
placed at central points on the cam
pus, will tell, among other things,
why Progressives should cast their
ballot for Hughes.
Arrangements are being made for a
dinner in honor of the forester. A
limited number of local Hughes men
are being invited to be present. Tn
order to facilitate an informal, con
genial spirit, the number at this din
ner is being kept down to small-table
size. Poth faculty and student body
are to be represented by perhaps a
dozen delegates.
