# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Freshmen soccerites are to have a
same with the Junior Soccer League
of Oakland, on November 4, accord
ing to arrangements being made by
IT. W. Maloney with Lyman Reynolds,
'10, president of the league. The
game will serve ns a workout for the
first year team's big game with Cali
fornia in November.
Freshmen soccerites are to have a
same with the Junior Soccer League
of Oakland, on November 4, accord
ing to arrangements being made by
IT. W. Maloney with Lyman Reynolds,
'10, president of the league. The
game will serve ns a workout for the
first year team's big game with Cali
fornia in November.
Freshmen soccerites are to have a
same with the Junior Soccer League
of Oakland, on November 4, accord
ing to arrangements being made by
IT. W. Maloney with Lyman Reynolds,
'10, president of the league. The
game will serve ns a workout for the
first year team's big game with Cali
fornia in November.
Freshmen soccerites are to have a
same with the Junior Soccer League
of Oakland, on November 4, accord
ing to arrangements being made by
IT. W. Maloney with Lyman Reynolds,
'10, president of the league. The
game will serve ns a workout for the
first year team's big game with Cali
fornia in November.
Freshmen soccerites are to have a
same with the Junior Soccer League
of Oakland, on November 4, accord
ing to arrangements being made by
IT. W. Maloney with Lyman Reynolds,
'10, president of the league. The
game will serve ns a workout for the
first year team's big game with Cali
fornia in November.
Freshmen soccerites are to have a
same with the Junior Soccer League
of Oakland, on November 4, accord
ing to arrangements being made by
IT. W. Maloney with Lyman Reynolds,
'10, president of the league. The
game will serve ns a workout for the
first year team's big game with Cali
fornia in November.
Freshmen soccerites are to have a
same with the Junior Soccer League
of Oakland, on November 4, accord
ing to arrangements being made by
IT. W. Maloney with Lyman Reynolds,
'10, president of the league. The
game will serve ns a workout for the
first year team's big game with Cali
fornia in November.
Freshmen soccerites are to have a
same with the Junior Soccer League
of Oakland, on November 4, accord
ing to arrangements being made by
IT. W. Maloney with Lyman Reynolds,
'10, president of the league. The
game will serve ns a workout for the
first year team's big game with Cali
fornia in November.
Freshmen soccerites are to have a
same with the Junior Soccer League
of Oakland, on November 4, accord
ing to arrangements being made by
IT. W. Maloney with Lyman Reynolds,
'10, president of the league. The
game will serve ns a workout for the
first year team's big game with Cali
fornia in November.
Freshmen soccerites are to have a
same with the Junior Soccer League
of Oakland, on November 4, accord
ing to arrangements being made by
IT. W. Maloney with Lyman Reynolds,
'10, president of the league. The
game will serve ns a workout for the
first year team's big game with Cali
fornia in November.
Freshmen soccerites are to have a
same with the Junior Soccer League
of Oakland, on November 4, accord
ing to arrangements being made by
IT. W. Maloney with Lyman Reynolds,
'10, president of the league. The
game will serve ns a workout for the
first year team's big game with Cali
fornia in November.
Freshmen soccerites are to have a
same with the Junior Soccer League
of Oakland, on November 4, accord
ing to arrangements being made by
IT. W. Maloney with Lyman Reynolds,
'10, president of the league. The
game will serve ns a workout for the
first year team's big game with Cali
fornia in November.
Freshmen soccerites are to have a
same with the Junior Soccer League
of Oakland, on November 4, accord
ing to arrangements being made by
IT. W. Maloney with Lyman Reynolds,
'10, president of the league. The
game will serve ns a workout for the
first year team's big game with Cali
fornia in November.
Freshmen soccerites are to have a
same with the Junior Soccer League
of Oakland, on November 4, accord
ing to arrangements being made by
IT. W. Maloney with Lyman Reynolds,
'10, president of the league. The
game will serve ns a workout for the
first year team's big game with Cali
fornia in November.
