# MUCH ADO---
## 
### 
Across the page we print a com
munication which takes issue with the
scheme for future conduct of examina
tions, an arrangement approved both
by the faculty and heads of student
government. After elimination of the
trimmings from the article, one dis
covers the author's only serious ob
jection appears in the apprehension
lest the honor system be threatened.
Brief explanation should clarify
doubts on this score.
*#****»♦
Although there is truth in the
statement that the safety devices in
augurated for the purpose of diminish
ing cheating seem contrary to the
principles underlying the honor sys
tem, as exemplified in the Law de
partment, yet the inherent aims are
identical, while simultaneously the
ultimate result of the newly evolved
regulations will be the future installa
tion of the honor system. A short
cut method is produced for attaining
healthy classroom conditions.
• •••••*•
Immediate universal introduction of
any honor system throughout the var
ious departments would entail severe
abuse of the privileges upon which
dishonesty would graze and fatten
unmolested. Proper recognition of
this fact will permit one to compre
hend the initial necessity of impress
ing doctrines of integrity upon the
minds of those individuals who at
present wink at the malpractice.
Across the page we print a com
munication which takes issue with the
scheme for future conduct of examina
tions, an arrangement approved both
by the faculty and heads of student
government. After elimination of the
trimmings from the article, one dis
covers the author's only serious ob
jection appears in the apprehension
lest the honor system be threatened.
Brief explanation should clarify
doubts on this score.
*#****»♦
Although there is truth in the
statement that the safety devices in
augurated for the purpose of diminish
ing cheating seem contrary to the
principles underlying the honor sys
tem, as exemplified in the Law de
partment, yet the inherent aims are
identical, while simultaneously the
ultimate result of the newly evolved
regulations will be the future installa
tion of the honor system. A short
cut method is produced for attaining
healthy classroom conditions.
• •••••*•
Immediate universal introduction of
any honor system throughout the var
ious departments would entail severe
abuse of the privileges upon which
dishonesty would graze and fatten
unmolested. Proper recognition of
this fact will permit one to compre
hend the initial necessity of impress
ing doctrines of integrity upon the
minds of those individuals who at
present wink at the malpractice.
Across the page we print a com
munication which takes issue with the
scheme for future conduct of examina
tions, an arrangement approved both
by the faculty and heads of student
government. After elimination of the
trimmings from the article, one dis
covers the author's only serious ob
jection appears in the apprehension
lest the honor system be threatened.
Brief explanation should clarify
doubts on this score.
*#****»♦
Although there is truth in the
statement that the safety devices in
augurated for the purpose of diminish
ing cheating seem contrary to the
principles underlying the honor sys
tem, as exemplified in the Law de
partment, yet the inherent aims are
identical, while simultaneously the
ultimate result of the newly evolved
regulations will be the future installa
tion of the honor system. A short
cut method is produced for attaining
healthy classroom conditions.
• •••••*•
Immediate universal introduction of
any honor system throughout the var
ious departments would entail severe
abuse of the privileges upon which
dishonesty would graze and fatten
unmolested. Proper recognition of
this fact will permit one to compre
hend the initial necessity of impress
ing doctrines of integrity upon the
minds of those individuals who at
present wink at the malpractice.
Across the page we print a com
munication which takes issue with the
scheme for future conduct of examina
tions, an arrangement approved both
by the faculty and heads of student
government. After elimination of the
trimmings from the article, one dis
covers the author's only serious ob
jection appears in the apprehension
lest the honor system be threatened.
Brief explanation should clarify
doubts on this score.
*#****»♦
Although there is truth in the
statement that the safety devices in
augurated for the purpose of diminish
ing cheating seem contrary to the
principles underlying the honor sys
tem, as exemplified in the Law de
partment, yet the inherent aims are
identical, while simultaneously the
ultimate result of the newly evolved
regulations will be the future installa
tion of the honor system. A short
cut method is produced for attaining
healthy classroom conditions.
• •••••*•
Immediate universal introduction of
any honor system throughout the var
ious departments would entail severe
abuse of the privileges upon which
dishonesty would graze and fatten
unmolested. Proper recognition of
this fact will permit one to compre
hend the initial necessity of impress
ing doctrines of integrity upon the
minds of those individuals who at
present wink at the malpractice.
Across the page we print a com
munication which takes issue with the
scheme for future conduct of examina
tions, an arrangement approved both
by the faculty and heads of student
government. After elimination of the
trimmings from the article, one dis
covers the author's only serious ob
jection appears in the apprehension
lest the honor system be threatened.
Brief explanation should clarify
doubts on this score.
*#****»♦
Although there is truth in the
statement that the safety devices in
augurated for the purpose of diminish
ing cheating seem contrary to the
principles underlying the honor sys
tem, as exemplified in the Law de
partment, yet the inherent aims are
identical, while simultaneously the
ultimate result of the newly evolved
regulations will be the future installa
tion of the honor system. A short
cut method is produced for attaining
healthy classroom conditions.
• •••••*•
Immediate universal introduction of
any honor system throughout the var
ious departments would entail severe
abuse of the privileges upon which
dishonesty would graze and fatten
unmolested. Proper recognition of
this fact will permit one to compre
hend the initial necessity of impress
ing doctrines of integrity upon the
minds of those individuals who at
present wink at the malpractice.
Across the page we print a com
munication which takes issue with the
scheme for future conduct of examina
tions, an arrangement approved both
by the faculty and heads of student
government. After elimination of the
trimmings from the article, one dis
covers the author's only serious ob
jection appears in the apprehension
lest the honor system be threatened.
Brief explanation should clarify
doubts on this score.
*#****»♦
Although there is truth in the
statement that the safety devices in
augurated for the purpose of diminish
ing cheating seem contrary to the
principles underlying the honor sys
tem, as exemplified in the Law de
partment, yet the inherent aims are
identical, while simultaneously the
ultimate result of the newly evolved
regulations will be the future installa
tion of the honor system. A short
cut method is produced for attaining
healthy classroom conditions.
• •••••*•
Immediate universal introduction of
any honor system throughout the var
ious departments would entail severe
abuse of the privileges upon which
dishonesty would graze and fatten
unmolested. Proper recognition of
this fact will permit one to compre
hend the initial necessity of impress
ing doctrines of integrity upon the
minds of those individuals who at
present wink at the malpractice.
Across the page we print a com
munication which takes issue with the
scheme for future conduct of examina
tions, an arrangement approved both
by the faculty and heads of student
government. After elimination of the
trimmings from the article, one dis
covers the author's only serious ob
jection appears in the apprehension
lest the honor system be threatened.
Brief explanation should clarify
doubts on this score.
*#****»♦
Although there is truth in the
statement that the safety devices in
augurated for the purpose of diminish
ing cheating seem contrary to the
principles underlying the honor sys
tem, as exemplified in the Law de
partment, yet the inherent aims are
identical, while simultaneously the
ultimate result of the newly evolved
regulations will be the future installa
tion of the honor system. A short
cut method is produced for attaining
healthy classroom conditions.
• •••••*•
Immediate universal introduction of
any honor system throughout the var
ious departments would entail severe
abuse of the privileges upon which
dishonesty would graze and fatten
unmolested. Proper recognition of
this fact will permit one to compre
hend the initial necessity of impress
ing doctrines of integrity upon the
minds of those individuals who at
present wink at the malpractice.
Across the page we print a com
munication which takes issue with the
scheme for future conduct of examina
tions, an arrangement approved both
by the faculty and heads of student
government. After elimination of the
trimmings from the article, one dis
covers the author's only serious ob
jection appears in the apprehension
lest the honor system be threatened.
Brief explanation should clarify
doubts on this score.
*#****»♦
Although there is truth in the
statement that the safety devices in
augurated for the purpose of diminish
ing cheating seem contrary to the
principles underlying the honor sys
tem, as exemplified in the Law de
partment, yet the inherent aims are
identical, while simultaneously the
ultimate result of the newly evolved
regulations will be the future installa
tion of the honor system. A short
cut method is produced for attaining
healthy classroom conditions.
• •••••*•
Immediate universal introduction of
any honor system throughout the var
ious departments would entail severe
abuse of the privileges upon which
dishonesty would graze and fatten
unmolested. Proper recognition of
this fact will permit one to compre
hend the initial necessity of impress
ing doctrines of integrity upon the
minds of those individuals who at
present wink at the malpractice.
Across the page we print a com
munication which takes issue with the
scheme for future conduct of examina
tions, an arrangement approved both
by the faculty and heads of student
government. After elimination of the
trimmings from the article, one dis
covers the author's only serious ob
jection appears in the apprehension
lest the honor system be threatened.
Brief explanation should clarify
doubts on this score.
*#****»♦
Although there is truth in the
statement that the safety devices in
augurated for the purpose of diminish
ing cheating seem contrary to the
principles underlying the honor sys
tem, as exemplified in the Law de
partment, yet the inherent aims are
identical, while simultaneously the
ultimate result of the newly evolved
regulations will be the future installa
tion of the honor system. A short
cut method is produced for attaining
healthy classroom conditions.
• •••••*•
Immediate universal introduction of
any honor system throughout the var
ious departments would entail severe
abuse of the privileges upon which
dishonesty would graze and fatten
unmolested. Proper recognition of
this fact will permit one to compre
hend the initial necessity of impress
ing doctrines of integrity upon the
minds of those individuals who at
present wink at the malpractice.
Across the page we print a com
munication which takes issue with the
scheme for future conduct of examina
tions, an arrangement approved both
by the faculty and heads of student
government. After elimination of the
trimmings from the article, one dis
covers the author's only serious ob
jection appears in the apprehension
lest the honor system be threatened.
Brief explanation should clarify
doubts on this score.
*#****»♦
Although there is truth in the
statement that the safety devices in
augurated for the purpose of diminish
ing cheating seem contrary to the
principles underlying the honor sys
tem, as exemplified in the Law de
partment, yet the inherent aims are
identical, while simultaneously the
ultimate result of the newly evolved
regulations will be the future installa
tion of the honor system. A short
cut method is produced for attaining
healthy classroom conditions.
• •••••*•
Immediate universal introduction of
any honor system throughout the var
ious departments would entail severe
abuse of the privileges upon which
dishonesty would graze and fatten
unmolested. Proper recognition of
this fact will permit one to compre
hend the initial necessity of impress
ing doctrines of integrity upon the
minds of those individuals who at
present wink at the malpractice.
Across the page we print a com
munication which takes issue with the
scheme for future conduct of examina
tions, an arrangement approved both
by the faculty and heads of student
government. After elimination of the
trimmings from the article, one dis
covers the author's only serious ob
jection appears in the apprehension
lest the honor system be threatened.
Brief explanation should clarify
doubts on this score.
*#****»♦
Although there is truth in the
statement that the safety devices in
augurated for the purpose of diminish
ing cheating seem contrary to the
principles underlying the honor sys
tem, as exemplified in the Law de
partment, yet the inherent aims are
identical, while simultaneously the
ultimate result of the newly evolved
regulations will be the future installa
tion of the honor system. A short
cut method is produced for attaining
healthy classroom conditions.
• •••••*•
Immediate universal introduction of
any honor system throughout the var
ious departments would entail severe
abuse of the privileges upon which
dishonesty would graze and fatten
unmolested. Proper recognition of
this fact will permit one to compre
hend the initial necessity of impress
ing doctrines of integrity upon the
minds of those individuals who at
present wink at the malpractice.
Across the page we print a com
munication which takes issue with the
scheme for future conduct of examina
tions, an arrangement approved both
by the faculty and heads of student
government. After elimination of the
trimmings from the article, one dis
covers the author's only serious ob
jection appears in the apprehension
lest the honor system be threatened.
Brief explanation should clarify
doubts on this score.
*#****»♦
Although there is truth in the
statement that the safety devices in
augurated for the purpose of diminish
ing cheating seem contrary to the
principles underlying the honor sys
tem, as exemplified in the Law de
partment, yet the inherent aims are
identical, while simultaneously the
ultimate result of the newly evolved
regulations will be the future installa
tion of the honor system. A short
cut method is produced for attaining
healthy classroom conditions.
• •••••*•
Immediate universal introduction of
any honor system throughout the var
ious departments would entail severe
abuse of the privileges upon which
dishonesty would graze and fatten
unmolested. Proper recognition of
this fact will permit one to compre
hend the initial necessity of impress
ing doctrines of integrity upon the
minds of those individuals who at
present wink at the malpractice.
Across the page we print a com
munication which takes issue with the
scheme for future conduct of examina
tions, an arrangement approved both
by the faculty and heads of student
government. After elimination of the
trimmings from the article, one dis
covers the author's only serious ob
jection appears in the apprehension
lest the honor system be threatened.
Brief explanation should clarify
doubts on this score.
*#****»♦
Although there is truth in the
statement that the safety devices in
augurated for the purpose of diminish
ing cheating seem contrary to the
principles underlying the honor sys
tem, as exemplified in the Law de
partment, yet the inherent aims are
identical, while simultaneously the
ultimate result of the newly evolved
regulations will be the future installa
tion of the honor system. A short
cut method is produced for attaining
healthy classroom conditions.
• •••••*•
Immediate universal introduction of
any honor system throughout the var
ious departments would entail severe
abuse of the privileges upon which
dishonesty would graze and fatten
unmolested. Proper recognition of
this fact will permit one to compre
hend the initial necessity of impress
ing doctrines of integrity upon the
minds of those individuals who at
present wink at the malpractice.
Across the page we print a com
munication which takes issue with the
scheme for future conduct of examina
tions, an arrangement approved both
by the faculty and heads of student
government. After elimination of the
trimmings from the article, one dis
covers the author's only serious ob
jection appears in the apprehension
lest the honor system be threatened.
Brief explanation should clarify
doubts on this score.
*#****»♦
Although there is truth in the
statement that the safety devices in
augurated for the purpose of diminish
ing cheating seem contrary to the
principles underlying the honor sys
tem, as exemplified in the Law de
partment, yet the inherent aims are
identical, while simultaneously the
ultimate result of the newly evolved
regulations will be the future installa
tion of the honor system. A short
cut method is produced for attaining
healthy classroom conditions.
• •••••*•
Immediate universal introduction of
any honor system throughout the var
ious departments would entail severe
abuse of the privileges upon which
dishonesty would graze and fatten
unmolested. Proper recognition of
this fact will permit one to compre
hend the initial necessity of impress
ing doctrines of integrity upon the
minds of those individuals who at
present wink at the malpractice.
