# Adv. 24 Page 4
## 
### 
i
OPENS TONIGHT
TEDDY PETERS
the Sepia Sophie Tucker
with Chuck Graves Band
and an All Star Show
Frank Oliver's
MELODY CLUB
1 04 Bassctt St.
2 Blocks West of First
S.in Jose CY 2-1252
COMING—BILLIE HOLIIDAY
i
OPENS TONIGHT
TEDDY PETERS
the Sepia Sophie Tucker
with Chuck Graves Band
and an All Star Show
Frank Oliver's
MELODY CLUB
1 04 Bassctt St.
2 Blocks West of First
S.in Jose CY 2-1252
COMING—BILLIE HOLIIDAY
i
OPENS TONIGHT
TEDDY PETERS
the Sepia Sophie Tucker
with Chuck Graves Band
and an All Star Show
Frank Oliver's
MELODY CLUB
1 04 Bassctt St.
2 Blocks West of First
S.in Jose CY 2-1252
COMING—BILLIE HOLIIDAY
i
OPENS TONIGHT
TEDDY PETERS
the Sepia Sophie Tucker
with Chuck Graves Band
and an All Star Show
Frank Oliver's
MELODY CLUB
1 04 Bassctt St.
2 Blocks West of First
S.in Jose CY 2-1252
COMING—BILLIE HOLIIDAY
i
OPENS TONIGHT
TEDDY PETERS
the Sepia Sophie Tucker
with Chuck Graves Band
and an All Star Show
Frank Oliver's
MELODY CLUB
1 04 Bassctt St.
2 Blocks West of First
S.in Jose CY 2-1252
COMING—BILLIE HOLIIDAY
i
OPENS TONIGHT
TEDDY PETERS
the Sepia Sophie Tucker
with Chuck Graves Band
and an All Star Show
Frank Oliver's
MELODY CLUB
1 04 Bassctt St.
2 Blocks West of First
S.in Jose CY 2-1252
COMING—BILLIE HOLIIDAY
i
OPENS TONIGHT
TEDDY PETERS
the Sepia Sophie Tucker
with Chuck Graves Band
and an All Star Show
Frank Oliver's
MELODY CLUB
1 04 Bassctt St.
2 Blocks West of First
S.in Jose CY 2-1252
COMING—BILLIE HOLIIDAY
i
OPENS TONIGHT
TEDDY PETERS
the Sepia Sophie Tucker
with Chuck Graves Band
and an All Star Show
Frank Oliver's
MELODY CLUB
1 04 Bassctt St.
2 Blocks West of First
S.in Jose CY 2-1252
COMING—BILLIE HOLIIDAY
i
OPENS TONIGHT
TEDDY PETERS
the Sepia Sophie Tucker
with Chuck Graves Band
and an All Star Show
Frank Oliver's
MELODY CLUB
1 04 Bassctt St.
2 Blocks West of First
S.in Jose CY 2-1252
COMING—BILLIE HOLIIDAY
i
OPENS TONIGHT
TEDDY PETERS
the Sepia Sophie Tucker
with Chuck Graves Band
and an All Star Show
Frank Oliver's
MELODY CLUB
1 04 Bassctt St.
2 Blocks West of First
S.in Jose CY 2-1252
COMING—BILLIE HOLIIDAY
i
OPENS TONIGHT
TEDDY PETERS
the Sepia Sophie Tucker
with Chuck Graves Band
and an All Star Show
Frank Oliver's
MELODY CLUB
1 04 Bassctt St.
2 Blocks West of First
S.in Jose CY 2-1252
COMING—BILLIE HOLIIDAY
i
OPENS TONIGHT
TEDDY PETERS
the Sepia Sophie Tucker
with Chuck Graves Band
and an All Star Show
Frank Oliver's
MELODY CLUB
1 04 Bassctt St.
2 Blocks West of First
S.in Jose CY 2-1252
COMING—BILLIE HOLIIDAY
i
OPENS TONIGHT
TEDDY PETERS
the Sepia Sophie Tucker
with Chuck Graves Band
and an All Star Show
Frank Oliver's
MELODY CLUB
1 04 Bassctt St.
2 Blocks West of First
S.in Jose CY 2-1252
COMING—BILLIE HOLIIDAY
i
OPENS TONIGHT
TEDDY PETERS
the Sepia Sophie Tucker
with Chuck Graves Band
and an All Star Show
Frank Oliver's
MELODY CLUB
1 04 Bassctt St.
2 Blocks West of First
S.in Jose CY 2-1252
COMING—BILLIE HOLIIDAY
