# Polio Drive Helps Farm
## 
### 
A large share of March of Dunes
contributions comes home to Stan
ford.
Stanford has received $427,080
over the past ten years for its con
tribution to the nation's fight
against infantile paralysis. Recent
grants place this University among
the three leading institutions for
polio research in the state,
Appropriations for virus research
and grants in education come almost
entirely from funds raised by the
annual March of Dimes campaign.
Of the total amount collected, half
remains in this area for local polio
victims, and the remaining half is
• lealt out by the National Founda
tion for education, research, and
emergency use.
Last year's record epidemic wiped
out the Foundation funds in practi
cally every state. There were 15
cases in Palo Alto alone, treatment
of which required $7,458 during the
year.
Costs of continuing care of 17,000
polio victims, plus what cases this
year brings in, menace the future of
polio research at a time when gains
arc especially promising. Last month
a grant was announced for virus
research at Stanford amounting to
$42,350. Last year appropriations for
virus research here totaled $30,474,
with an additional $25,000 for study
in physical therapy.
The 1040 March of Dimes appeal
extends only to the end of January.
Boxes for contributions will be lo
cated in the following places: Union
Cellar, store, and dining room; En
cina cellar and barber shop; Roos
Brothers shack; the Bookstore; and
the Cashier's Office in Encina lobby.
A large share of March of Dunes
contributions comes home to Stan
ford.
Stanford has received $427,080
over the past ten years for its con
tribution to the nation's fight
against infantile paralysis. Recent
grants place this University among
the three leading institutions for
polio research in the state,
Appropriations for virus research
and grants in education come almost
entirely from funds raised by the
annual March of Dimes campaign.
Of the total amount collected, half
remains in this area for local polio
victims, and the remaining half is
• lealt out by the National Founda
tion for education, research, and
emergency use.
Last year's record epidemic wiped
out the Foundation funds in practi
cally every state. There were 15
cases in Palo Alto alone, treatment
of which required $7,458 during the
year.
Costs of continuing care of 17,000
polio victims, plus what cases this
year brings in, menace the future of
polio research at a time when gains
arc especially promising. Last month
a grant was announced for virus
research at Stanford amounting to
$42,350. Last year appropriations for
virus research here totaled $30,474,
with an additional $25,000 for study
in physical therapy.
The 1040 March of Dimes appeal
extends only to the end of January.
Boxes for contributions will be lo
cated in the following places: Union
Cellar, store, and dining room; En
cina cellar and barber shop; Roos
Brothers shack; the Bookstore; and
the Cashier's Office in Encina lobby.
A large share of March of Dunes
contributions comes home to Stan
ford.
Stanford has received $427,080
over the past ten years for its con
tribution to the nation's fight
against infantile paralysis. Recent
grants place this University among
the three leading institutions for
polio research in the state,
Appropriations for virus research
and grants in education come almost
entirely from funds raised by the
annual March of Dimes campaign.
Of the total amount collected, half
remains in this area for local polio
victims, and the remaining half is
• lealt out by the National Founda
tion for education, research, and
emergency use.
Last year's record epidemic wiped
out the Foundation funds in practi
cally every state. There were 15
cases in Palo Alto alone, treatment
of which required $7,458 during the
year.
Costs of continuing care of 17,000
polio victims, plus what cases this
year brings in, menace the future of
polio research at a time when gains
arc especially promising. Last month
a grant was announced for virus
research at Stanford amounting to
$42,350. Last year appropriations for
virus research here totaled $30,474,
with an additional $25,000 for study
in physical therapy.
The 1040 March of Dimes appeal
extends only to the end of January.
Boxes for contributions will be lo
cated in the following places: Union
Cellar, store, and dining room; En
cina cellar and barber shop; Roos
Brothers shack; the Bookstore; and
the Cashier's Office in Encina lobby.
A large share of March of Dunes
contributions comes home to Stan
ford.
Stanford has received $427,080
over the past ten years for its con
tribution to the nation's fight
against infantile paralysis. Recent
grants place this University among
the three leading institutions for
polio research in the state,
Appropriations for virus research
and grants in education come almost
entirely from funds raised by the
annual March of Dimes campaign.
Of the total amount collected, half
remains in this area for local polio
victims, and the remaining half is
• lealt out by the National Founda
tion for education, research, and
emergency use.
Last year's record epidemic wiped
out the Foundation funds in practi
cally every state. There were 15
cases in Palo Alto alone, treatment
of which required $7,458 during the
year.
Costs of continuing care of 17,000
polio victims, plus what cases this
year brings in, menace the future of
polio research at a time when gains
arc especially promising. Last month
a grant was announced for virus
research at Stanford amounting to
$42,350. Last year appropriations for
virus research here totaled $30,474,
with an additional $25,000 for study
in physical therapy.
The 1040 March of Dimes appeal
extends only to the end of January.
Boxes for contributions will be lo
cated in the following places: Union
Cellar, store, and dining room; En
cina cellar and barber shop; Roos
Brothers shack; the Bookstore; and
the Cashier's Office in Encina lobby.
A large share of March of Dunes
contributions comes home to Stan
ford.
Stanford has received $427,080
over the past ten years for its con
tribution to the nation's fight
against infantile paralysis. Recent
grants place this University among
the three leading institutions for
polio research in the state,
Appropriations for virus research
and grants in education come almost
entirely from funds raised by the
annual March of Dimes campaign.
Of the total amount collected, half
remains in this area for local polio
victims, and the remaining half is
• lealt out by the National Founda
tion for education, research, and
emergency use.
Last year's record epidemic wiped
out the Foundation funds in practi
cally every state. There were 15
cases in Palo Alto alone, treatment
of which required $7,458 during the
year.
Costs of continuing care of 17,000
polio victims, plus what cases this
year brings in, menace the future of
polio research at a time when gains
arc especially promising. Last month
a grant was announced for virus
research at Stanford amounting to
$42,350. Last year appropriations for
virus research here totaled $30,474,
with an additional $25,000 for study
in physical therapy.
The 1040 March of Dimes appeal
extends only to the end of January.
Boxes for contributions will be lo
cated in the following places: Union
Cellar, store, and dining room; En
cina cellar and barber shop; Roos
Brothers shack; the Bookstore; and
the Cashier's Office in Encina lobby.
A large share of March of Dunes
contributions comes home to Stan
ford.
Stanford has received $427,080
over the past ten years for its con
tribution to the nation's fight
against infantile paralysis. Recent
grants place this University among
the three leading institutions for
polio research in the state,
Appropriations for virus research
and grants in education come almost
entirely from funds raised by the
annual March of Dimes campaign.
Of the total amount collected, half
remains in this area for local polio
victims, and the remaining half is
• lealt out by the National Founda
tion for education, research, and
emergency use.
Last year's record epidemic wiped
out the Foundation funds in practi
cally every state. There were 15
cases in Palo Alto alone, treatment
of which required $7,458 during the
year.
Costs of continuing care of 17,000
polio victims, plus what cases this
year brings in, menace the future of
polio research at a time when gains
arc especially promising. Last month
a grant was announced for virus
research at Stanford amounting to
$42,350. Last year appropriations for
virus research here totaled $30,474,
with an additional $25,000 for study
in physical therapy.
The 1040 March of Dimes appeal
extends only to the end of January.
Boxes for contributions will be lo
cated in the following places: Union
Cellar, store, and dining room; En
cina cellar and barber shop; Roos
Brothers shack; the Bookstore; and
the Cashier's Office in Encina lobby.
A large share of March of Dunes
contributions comes home to Stan
ford.
Stanford has received $427,080
over the past ten years for its con
tribution to the nation's fight
against infantile paralysis. Recent
grants place this University among
the three leading institutions for
polio research in the state,
Appropriations for virus research
and grants in education come almost
entirely from funds raised by the
annual March of Dimes campaign.
Of the total amount collected, half
remains in this area for local polio
victims, and the remaining half is
• lealt out by the National Founda
tion for education, research, and
emergency use.
Last year's record epidemic wiped
out the Foundation funds in practi
cally every state. There were 15
cases in Palo Alto alone, treatment
of which required $7,458 during the
year.
Costs of continuing care of 17,000
polio victims, plus what cases this
year brings in, menace the future of
polio research at a time when gains
arc especially promising. Last month
a grant was announced for virus
research at Stanford amounting to
$42,350. Last year appropriations for
virus research here totaled $30,474,
with an additional $25,000 for study
in physical therapy.
The 1040 March of Dimes appeal
extends only to the end of January.
Boxes for contributions will be lo
cated in the following places: Union
Cellar, store, and dining room; En
cina cellar and barber shop; Roos
Brothers shack; the Bookstore; and
the Cashier's Office in Encina lobby.
A large share of March of Dunes
contributions comes home to Stan
ford.
Stanford has received $427,080
over the past ten years for its con
tribution to the nation's fight
against infantile paralysis. Recent
grants place this University among
the three leading institutions for
polio research in the state,
Appropriations for virus research
and grants in education come almost
entirely from funds raised by the
annual March of Dimes campaign.
Of the total amount collected, half
remains in this area for local polio
victims, and the remaining half is
• lealt out by the National Founda
tion for education, research, and
emergency use.
Last year's record epidemic wiped
out the Foundation funds in practi
cally every state. There were 15
cases in Palo Alto alone, treatment
of which required $7,458 during the
year.
Costs of continuing care of 17,000
polio victims, plus what cases this
year brings in, menace the future of
polio research at a time when gains
arc especially promising. Last month
a grant was announced for virus
research at Stanford amounting to
$42,350. Last year appropriations for
virus research here totaled $30,474,
with an additional $25,000 for study
in physical therapy.
The 1040 March of Dimes appeal
extends only to the end of January.
Boxes for contributions will be lo
cated in the following places: Union
Cellar, store, and dining room; En
cina cellar and barber shop; Roos
Brothers shack; the Bookstore; and
the Cashier's Office in Encina lobby.
A large share of March of Dunes
contributions comes home to Stan
ford.
Stanford has received $427,080
over the past ten years for its con
tribution to the nation's fight
against infantile paralysis. Recent
grants place this University among
the three leading institutions for
polio research in the state,
Appropriations for virus research
and grants in education come almost
entirely from funds raised by the
annual March of Dimes campaign.
Of the total amount collected, half
remains in this area for local polio
victims, and the remaining half is
• lealt out by the National Founda
tion for education, research, and
emergency use.
Last year's record epidemic wiped
out the Foundation funds in practi
cally every state. There were 15
cases in Palo Alto alone, treatment
of which required $7,458 during the
year.
Costs of continuing care of 17,000
polio victims, plus what cases this
year brings in, menace the future of
polio research at a time when gains
arc especially promising. Last month
a grant was announced for virus
research at Stanford amounting to
$42,350. Last year appropriations for
virus research here totaled $30,474,
with an additional $25,000 for study
in physical therapy.
The 1040 March of Dimes appeal
extends only to the end of January.
Boxes for contributions will be lo
cated in the following places: Union
Cellar, store, and dining room; En
cina cellar and barber shop; Roos
Brothers shack; the Bookstore; and
the Cashier's Office in Encina lobby.
A large share of March of Dunes
contributions comes home to Stan
ford.
Stanford has received $427,080
over the past ten years for its con
tribution to the nation's fight
against infantile paralysis. Recent
grants place this University among
the three leading institutions for
polio research in the state,
Appropriations for virus research
and grants in education come almost
entirely from funds raised by the
annual March of Dimes campaign.
Of the total amount collected, half
remains in this area for local polio
victims, and the remaining half is
• lealt out by the National Founda
tion for education, research, and
emergency use.
Last year's record epidemic wiped
out the Foundation funds in practi
cally every state. There were 15
cases in Palo Alto alone, treatment
of which required $7,458 during the
year.
Costs of continuing care of 17,000
polio victims, plus what cases this
year brings in, menace the future of
polio research at a time when gains
arc especially promising. Last month
a grant was announced for virus
research at Stanford amounting to
$42,350. Last year appropriations for
virus research here totaled $30,474,
with an additional $25,000 for study
in physical therapy.
The 1040 March of Dimes appeal
extends only to the end of January.
Boxes for contributions will be lo
cated in the following places: Union
Cellar, store, and dining room; En
cina cellar and barber shop; Roos
Brothers shack; the Bookstore; and
the Cashier's Office in Encina lobby.
A large share of March of Dunes
contributions comes home to Stan
ford.
Stanford has received $427,080
over the past ten years for its con
tribution to the nation's fight
against infantile paralysis. Recent
grants place this University among
the three leading institutions for
polio research in the state,
Appropriations for virus research
and grants in education come almost
entirely from funds raised by the
annual March of Dimes campaign.
Of the total amount collected, half
remains in this area for local polio
victims, and the remaining half is
• lealt out by the National Founda
tion for education, research, and
emergency use.
Last year's record epidemic wiped
out the Foundation funds in practi
cally every state. There were 15
cases in Palo Alto alone, treatment
of which required $7,458 during the
year.
Costs of continuing care of 17,000
polio victims, plus what cases this
year brings in, menace the future of
polio research at a time when gains
arc especially promising. Last month
a grant was announced for virus
research at Stanford amounting to
$42,350. Last year appropriations for
virus research here totaled $30,474,
with an additional $25,000 for study
in physical therapy.
The 1040 March of Dimes appeal
extends only to the end of January.
Boxes for contributions will be lo
cated in the following places: Union
Cellar, store, and dining room; En
cina cellar and barber shop; Roos
Brothers shack; the Bookstore; and
the Cashier's Office in Encina lobby.
A large share of March of Dunes
contributions comes home to Stan
ford.
Stanford has received $427,080
over the past ten years for its con
tribution to the nation's fight
against infantile paralysis. Recent
grants place this University among
the three leading institutions for
polio research in the state,
Appropriations for virus research
and grants in education come almost
entirely from funds raised by the
annual March of Dimes campaign.
Of the total amount collected, half
remains in this area for local polio
victims, and the remaining half is
• lealt out by the National Founda
tion for education, research, and
emergency use.
Last year's record epidemic wiped
out the Foundation funds in practi
cally every state. There were 15
cases in Palo Alto alone, treatment
of which required $7,458 during the
year.
Costs of continuing care of 17,000
polio victims, plus what cases this
year brings in, menace the future of
polio research at a time when gains
arc especially promising. Last month
a grant was announced for virus
research at Stanford amounting to
$42,350. Last year appropriations for
virus research here totaled $30,474,
with an additional $25,000 for study
in physical therapy.
The 1040 March of Dimes appeal
extends only to the end of January.
Boxes for contributions will be lo
cated in the following places: Union
Cellar, store, and dining room; En
cina cellar and barber shop; Roos
Brothers shack; the Bookstore; and
the Cashier's Office in Encina lobby.
A large share of March of Dunes
contributions comes home to Stan
ford.
Stanford has received $427,080
over the past ten years for its con
tribution to the nation's fight
against infantile paralysis. Recent
grants place this University among
the three leading institutions for
polio research in the state,
Appropriations for virus research
and grants in education come almost
entirely from funds raised by the
annual March of Dimes campaign.
Of the total amount collected, half
remains in this area for local polio
victims, and the remaining half is
• lealt out by the National Founda
tion for education, research, and
emergency use.
Last year's record epidemic wiped
out the Foundation funds in practi
cally every state. There were 15
cases in Palo Alto alone, treatment
of which required $7,458 during the
year.
Costs of continuing care of 17,000
polio victims, plus what cases this
year brings in, menace the future of
polio research at a time when gains
arc especially promising. Last month
a grant was announced for virus
research at Stanford amounting to
$42,350. Last year appropriations for
virus research here totaled $30,474,
with an additional $25,000 for study
in physical therapy.
The 1040 March of Dimes appeal
extends only to the end of January.
Boxes for contributions will be lo
cated in the following places: Union
Cellar, store, and dining room; En
cina cellar and barber shop; Roos
Brothers shack; the Bookstore; and
the Cashier's Office in Encina lobby.
A large share of March of Dunes
contributions comes home to Stan
ford.
Stanford has received $427,080
over the past ten years for its con
tribution to the nation's fight
against infantile paralysis. Recent
grants place this University among
the three leading institutions for
polio research in the state,
Appropriations for virus research
and grants in education come almost
entirely from funds raised by the
annual March of Dimes campaign.
Of the total amount collected, half
remains in this area for local polio
victims, and the remaining half is
• lealt out by the National Founda
tion for education, research, and
emergency use.
Last year's record epidemic wiped
out the Foundation funds in practi
cally every state. There were 15
cases in Palo Alto alone, treatment
of which required $7,458 during the
year.
Costs of continuing care of 17,000
polio victims, plus what cases this
year brings in, menace the future of
polio research at a time when gains
arc especially promising. Last month
a grant was announced for virus
research at Stanford amounting to
$42,350. Last year appropriations for
virus research here totaled $30,474,
with an additional $25,000 for study
in physical therapy.
The 1040 March of Dimes appeal
extends only to the end of January.
Boxes for contributions will be lo
cated in the following places: Union
Cellar, store, and dining room; En
cina cellar and barber shop; Roos
Brothers shack; the Bookstore; and
the Cashier's Office in Encina lobby.
