# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The rugby tearn will turn out
every afternoon this week in
preparation for Saturday's game
with the San Francisco Olympic
Club.
The rugby tearn will turn out
every afternoon this week in
preparation for Saturday's game
with the San Francisco Olympic
Club.
The rugby tearn will turn out
every afternoon this week in
preparation for Saturday's game
with the San Francisco Olympic
Club.
The rugby tearn will turn out
every afternoon this week in
preparation for Saturday's game
with the San Francisco Olympic
Club.
The rugby tearn will turn out
every afternoon this week in
preparation for Saturday's game
with the San Francisco Olympic
Club.
The rugby tearn will turn out
every afternoon this week in
preparation for Saturday's game
with the San Francisco Olympic
Club.
The rugby tearn will turn out
every afternoon this week in
preparation for Saturday's game
with the San Francisco Olympic
Club.
The rugby tearn will turn out
every afternoon this week in
preparation for Saturday's game
with the San Francisco Olympic
Club.
The rugby tearn will turn out
every afternoon this week in
preparation for Saturday's game
with the San Francisco Olympic
Club.
The rugby tearn will turn out
every afternoon this week in
preparation for Saturday's game
with the San Francisco Olympic
Club.
The rugby tearn will turn out
every afternoon this week in
preparation for Saturday's game
with the San Francisco Olympic
Club.
The rugby tearn will turn out
every afternoon this week in
preparation for Saturday's game
with the San Francisco Olympic
Club.
The rugby tearn will turn out
every afternoon this week in
preparation for Saturday's game
with the San Francisco Olympic
Club.
The rugby tearn will turn out
every afternoon this week in
preparation for Saturday's game
with the San Francisco Olympic
Club.
