# Robertson Named NSA Co-ordinator
## 
### 
Janice Robertson, International
relations major, was appointed as
campus co-ordinator of the Nation
al Students Association by Excom
Wednesday night.
Miss Robertson succeeds Timmy
l,evinson. She will evaluate NSA
programs, maintain contact with
NSA groups at other colleges, and
co-ordinate all NSA campus activ
ities.
Miss Robertson has worked with
NSA during autumn quarter.
Janice Robertson, International
relations major, was appointed as
campus co-ordinator of the Nation
al Students Association by Excom
Wednesday night.
Miss Robertson succeeds Timmy
l,evinson. She will evaluate NSA
programs, maintain contact with
NSA groups at other colleges, and
co-ordinate all NSA campus activ
ities.
Miss Robertson has worked with
NSA during autumn quarter.
Janice Robertson, International
relations major, was appointed as
campus co-ordinator of the Nation
al Students Association by Excom
Wednesday night.
Miss Robertson succeeds Timmy
l,evinson. She will evaluate NSA
programs, maintain contact with
NSA groups at other colleges, and
co-ordinate all NSA campus activ
ities.
Miss Robertson has worked with
NSA during autumn quarter.
Janice Robertson, International
relations major, was appointed as
campus co-ordinator of the Nation
al Students Association by Excom
Wednesday night.
Miss Robertson succeeds Timmy
l,evinson. She will evaluate NSA
programs, maintain contact with
NSA groups at other colleges, and
co-ordinate all NSA campus activ
ities.
Miss Robertson has worked with
NSA during autumn quarter.
Janice Robertson, International
relations major, was appointed as
campus co-ordinator of the Nation
al Students Association by Excom
Wednesday night.
Miss Robertson succeeds Timmy
l,evinson. She will evaluate NSA
programs, maintain contact with
NSA groups at other colleges, and
co-ordinate all NSA campus activ
ities.
Miss Robertson has worked with
NSA during autumn quarter.
Janice Robertson, International
relations major, was appointed as
campus co-ordinator of the Nation
al Students Association by Excom
Wednesday night.
Miss Robertson succeeds Timmy
l,evinson. She will evaluate NSA
programs, maintain contact with
NSA groups at other colleges, and
co-ordinate all NSA campus activ
ities.
Miss Robertson has worked with
NSA during autumn quarter.
Janice Robertson, International
relations major, was appointed as
campus co-ordinator of the Nation
al Students Association by Excom
Wednesday night.
Miss Robertson succeeds Timmy
l,evinson. She will evaluate NSA
programs, maintain contact with
NSA groups at other colleges, and
co-ordinate all NSA campus activ
ities.
Miss Robertson has worked with
NSA during autumn quarter.
Janice Robertson, International
relations major, was appointed as
campus co-ordinator of the Nation
al Students Association by Excom
Wednesday night.
Miss Robertson succeeds Timmy
l,evinson. She will evaluate NSA
programs, maintain contact with
NSA groups at other colleges, and
co-ordinate all NSA campus activ
ities.
Miss Robertson has worked with
NSA during autumn quarter.
Janice Robertson, International
relations major, was appointed as
campus co-ordinator of the Nation
al Students Association by Excom
Wednesday night.
Miss Robertson succeeds Timmy
l,evinson. She will evaluate NSA
programs, maintain contact with
NSA groups at other colleges, and
co-ordinate all NSA campus activ
ities.
Miss Robertson has worked with
NSA during autumn quarter.
Janice Robertson, International
relations major, was appointed as
campus co-ordinator of the Nation
al Students Association by Excom
Wednesday night.
Miss Robertson succeeds Timmy
l,evinson. She will evaluate NSA
programs, maintain contact with
NSA groups at other colleges, and
co-ordinate all NSA campus activ
ities.
Miss Robertson has worked with
NSA during autumn quarter.
Janice Robertson, International
relations major, was appointed as
campus co-ordinator of the Nation
al Students Association by Excom
Wednesday night.
Miss Robertson succeeds Timmy
l,evinson. She will evaluate NSA
programs, maintain contact with
NSA groups at other colleges, and
co-ordinate all NSA campus activ
ities.
Miss Robertson has worked with
NSA during autumn quarter.
Janice Robertson, International
relations major, was appointed as
campus co-ordinator of the Nation
al Students Association by Excom
Wednesday night.
Miss Robertson succeeds Timmy
l,evinson. She will evaluate NSA
programs, maintain contact with
NSA groups at other colleges, and
co-ordinate all NSA campus activ
ities.
Miss Robertson has worked with
NSA during autumn quarter.
Janice Robertson, International
relations major, was appointed as
campus co-ordinator of the Nation
al Students Association by Excom
Wednesday night.
Miss Robertson succeeds Timmy
l,evinson. She will evaluate NSA
programs, maintain contact with
NSA groups at other colleges, and
co-ordinate all NSA campus activ
ities.
Miss Robertson has worked with
NSA during autumn quarter.
Janice Robertson, International
relations major, was appointed as
campus co-ordinator of the Nation
al Students Association by Excom
Wednesday night.
Miss Robertson succeeds Timmy
l,evinson. She will evaluate NSA
programs, maintain contact with
NSA groups at other colleges, and
co-ordinate all NSA campus activ
ities.
Miss Robertson has worked with
NSA during autumn quarter.
