# Valuable Squirrels at Xazmin Place.
## 
### 
The beautiful and valuable black
squirrel of the East, Sciurus Caro
lenensis, has been imported to some
parks in California, and two pair of
them have established themselves in
Dr. Jordan's grounds. It is hoped that
they will not be disturbed in any way
by any one.
The beautiful and valuable black
squirrel of the East, Sciurus Caro
lenensis, has been imported to some
parks in California, and two pair of
them have established themselves in
Dr. Jordan's grounds. It is hoped that
they will not be disturbed in any way
by any one.
The beautiful and valuable black
squirrel of the East, Sciurus Caro
lenensis, has been imported to some
parks in California, and two pair of
them have established themselves in
Dr. Jordan's grounds. It is hoped that
they will not be disturbed in any way
by any one.
The beautiful and valuable black
squirrel of the East, Sciurus Caro
lenensis, has been imported to some
parks in California, and two pair of
them have established themselves in
Dr. Jordan's grounds. It is hoped that
they will not be disturbed in any way
by any one.
The beautiful and valuable black
squirrel of the East, Sciurus Caro
lenensis, has been imported to some
parks in California, and two pair of
them have established themselves in
Dr. Jordan's grounds. It is hoped that
they will not be disturbed in any way
by any one.
The beautiful and valuable black
squirrel of the East, Sciurus Caro
lenensis, has been imported to some
parks in California, and two pair of
them have established themselves in
Dr. Jordan's grounds. It is hoped that
they will not be disturbed in any way
by any one.
The beautiful and valuable black
squirrel of the East, Sciurus Caro
lenensis, has been imported to some
parks in California, and two pair of
them have established themselves in
Dr. Jordan's grounds. It is hoped that
they will not be disturbed in any way
by any one.
The beautiful and valuable black
squirrel of the East, Sciurus Caro
lenensis, has been imported to some
parks in California, and two pair of
them have established themselves in
Dr. Jordan's grounds. It is hoped that
they will not be disturbed in any way
by any one.
The beautiful and valuable black
squirrel of the East, Sciurus Caro
lenensis, has been imported to some
parks in California, and two pair of
them have established themselves in
Dr. Jordan's grounds. It is hoped that
they will not be disturbed in any way
by any one.
The beautiful and valuable black
squirrel of the East, Sciurus Caro
lenensis, has been imported to some
parks in California, and two pair of
them have established themselves in
Dr. Jordan's grounds. It is hoped that
they will not be disturbed in any way
by any one.
The beautiful and valuable black
squirrel of the East, Sciurus Caro
lenensis, has been imported to some
parks in California, and two pair of
them have established themselves in
Dr. Jordan's grounds. It is hoped that
they will not be disturbed in any way
by any one.
The beautiful and valuable black
squirrel of the East, Sciurus Caro
lenensis, has been imported to some
parks in California, and two pair of
them have established themselves in
Dr. Jordan's grounds. It is hoped that
they will not be disturbed in any way
by any one.
The beautiful and valuable black
squirrel of the East, Sciurus Caro
lenensis, has been imported to some
parks in California, and two pair of
them have established themselves in
Dr. Jordan's grounds. It is hoped that
they will not be disturbed in any way
by any one.
The beautiful and valuable black
squirrel of the East, Sciurus Caro
lenensis, has been imported to some
parks in California, and two pair of
them have established themselves in
Dr. Jordan's grounds. It is hoped that
they will not be disturbed in any way
by any one.
