# New Bleacher Song
## 
### 
"The Cardinal Is Waving," the new
bleacher song by W. G. Paul, '15, is
printed in today's issue of The Daily
Palo Alto. This will enable the stu
dents to memorize it before the game
tomorrow afternoon, at which it will be
practiced.
The song follows:
The Cardinal is waving over the field:
Our men are fighting with the spirit
that will not yield,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell, old Berkeley, we're after
you—
Once again the Card'nal will whip—the
Gold and Blue.
When the game is over and the foe has
fled,
The Cardinal is triumphant and the
Oskie Bear is dead,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell old Berkeley, we're after
you—-
Once again the Card'nal has whipped—
the Gold and Blue.
A prize of five dollars for the best
original yell has been offered by the
Executive Committee. All competitors
should hand their yells into Yell-Lead
e.r C. H. Nixon, '15, as soon as pos
sible.
"The Cardinal Is Waving," the new
bleacher song by W. G. Paul, '15, is
printed in today's issue of The Daily
Palo Alto. This will enable the stu
dents to memorize it before the game
tomorrow afternoon, at which it will be
practiced.
The song follows:
The Cardinal is waving over the field:
Our men are fighting with the spirit
that will not yield,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell, old Berkeley, we're after
you—
Once again the Card'nal will whip—the
Gold and Blue.
When the game is over and the foe has
fled,
The Cardinal is triumphant and the
Oskie Bear is dead,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell old Berkeley, we're after
you—-
Once again the Card'nal has whipped—
the Gold and Blue.
A prize of five dollars for the best
original yell has been offered by the
Executive Committee. All competitors
should hand their yells into Yell-Lead
e.r C. H. Nixon, '15, as soon as pos
sible.
"The Cardinal Is Waving," the new
bleacher song by W. G. Paul, '15, is
printed in today's issue of The Daily
Palo Alto. This will enable the stu
dents to memorize it before the game
tomorrow afternoon, at which it will be
practiced.
The song follows:
The Cardinal is waving over the field:
Our men are fighting with the spirit
that will not yield,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell, old Berkeley, we're after
you—
Once again the Card'nal will whip—the
Gold and Blue.
When the game is over and the foe has
fled,
The Cardinal is triumphant and the
Oskie Bear is dead,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell old Berkeley, we're after
you—-
Once again the Card'nal has whipped—
the Gold and Blue.
A prize of five dollars for the best
original yell has been offered by the
Executive Committee. All competitors
should hand their yells into Yell-Lead
e.r C. H. Nixon, '15, as soon as pos
sible.
"The Cardinal Is Waving," the new
bleacher song by W. G. Paul, '15, is
printed in today's issue of The Daily
Palo Alto. This will enable the stu
dents to memorize it before the game
tomorrow afternoon, at which it will be
practiced.
The song follows:
The Cardinal is waving over the field:
Our men are fighting with the spirit
that will not yield,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell, old Berkeley, we're after
you—
Once again the Card'nal will whip—the
Gold and Blue.
When the game is over and the foe has
fled,
The Cardinal is triumphant and the
Oskie Bear is dead,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell old Berkeley, we're after
you—-
Once again the Card'nal has whipped—
the Gold and Blue.
A prize of five dollars for the best
original yell has been offered by the
Executive Committee. All competitors
should hand their yells into Yell-Lead
e.r C. H. Nixon, '15, as soon as pos
sible.
"The Cardinal Is Waving," the new
bleacher song by W. G. Paul, '15, is
printed in today's issue of The Daily
Palo Alto. This will enable the stu
dents to memorize it before the game
tomorrow afternoon, at which it will be
practiced.
The song follows:
The Cardinal is waving over the field:
Our men are fighting with the spirit
that will not yield,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell, old Berkeley, we're after
you—
Once again the Card'nal will whip—the
Gold and Blue.
When the game is over and the foe has
fled,
The Cardinal is triumphant and the
Oskie Bear is dead,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell old Berkeley, we're after
you—-
Once again the Card'nal has whipped—
the Gold and Blue.
A prize of five dollars for the best
original yell has been offered by the
Executive Committee. All competitors
should hand their yells into Yell-Lead
e.r C. H. Nixon, '15, as soon as pos
sible.
"The Cardinal Is Waving," the new
bleacher song by W. G. Paul, '15, is
printed in today's issue of The Daily
Palo Alto. This will enable the stu
dents to memorize it before the game
tomorrow afternoon, at which it will be
practiced.
The song follows:
The Cardinal is waving over the field:
Our men are fighting with the spirit
that will not yield,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell, old Berkeley, we're after
you—
Once again the Card'nal will whip—the
Gold and Blue.
When the game is over and the foe has
fled,
The Cardinal is triumphant and the
Oskie Bear is dead,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell old Berkeley, we're after
you—-
Once again the Card'nal has whipped—
the Gold and Blue.
A prize of five dollars for the best
original yell has been offered by the
Executive Committee. All competitors
should hand their yells into Yell-Lead
e.r C. H. Nixon, '15, as soon as pos
sible.
"The Cardinal Is Waving," the new
bleacher song by W. G. Paul, '15, is
printed in today's issue of The Daily
Palo Alto. This will enable the stu
dents to memorize it before the game
tomorrow afternoon, at which it will be
practiced.
The song follows:
The Cardinal is waving over the field:
Our men are fighting with the spirit
that will not yield,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell, old Berkeley, we're after
you—
Once again the Card'nal will whip—the
Gold and Blue.
When the game is over and the foe has
fled,
The Cardinal is triumphant and the
Oskie Bear is dead,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell old Berkeley, we're after
you—-
Once again the Card'nal has whipped—
the Gold and Blue.
A prize of five dollars for the best
original yell has been offered by the
Executive Committee. All competitors
should hand their yells into Yell-Lead
e.r C. H. Nixon, '15, as soon as pos
sible.
"The Cardinal Is Waving," the new
bleacher song by W. G. Paul, '15, is
printed in today's issue of The Daily
Palo Alto. This will enable the stu
dents to memorize it before the game
tomorrow afternoon, at which it will be
practiced.
The song follows:
The Cardinal is waving over the field:
Our men are fighting with the spirit
that will not yield,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell, old Berkeley, we're after
you—
Once again the Card'nal will whip—the
Gold and Blue.
When the game is over and the foe has
fled,
The Cardinal is triumphant and the
Oskie Bear is dead,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell old Berkeley, we're after
you—-
Once again the Card'nal has whipped—
the Gold and Blue.
A prize of five dollars for the best
original yell has been offered by the
Executive Committee. All competitors
should hand their yells into Yell-Lead
e.r C. H. Nixon, '15, as soon as pos
sible.
"The Cardinal Is Waving," the new
bleacher song by W. G. Paul, '15, is
printed in today's issue of The Daily
Palo Alto. This will enable the stu
dents to memorize it before the game
tomorrow afternoon, at which it will be
practiced.
The song follows:
The Cardinal is waving over the field:
Our men are fighting with the spirit
that will not yield,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell, old Berkeley, we're after
you—
Once again the Card'nal will whip—the
Gold and Blue.
When the game is over and the foe has
fled,
The Cardinal is triumphant and the
Oskie Bear is dead,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell old Berkeley, we're after
you—-
Once again the Card'nal has whipped—
the Gold and Blue.
A prize of five dollars for the best
original yell has been offered by the
Executive Committee. All competitors
should hand their yells into Yell-Lead
e.r C. H. Nixon, '15, as soon as pos
sible.
"The Cardinal Is Waving," the new
bleacher song by W. G. Paul, '15, is
printed in today's issue of The Daily
Palo Alto. This will enable the stu
dents to memorize it before the game
tomorrow afternoon, at which it will be
practiced.
The song follows:
The Cardinal is waving over the field:
Our men are fighting with the spirit
that will not yield,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell, old Berkeley, we're after
you—
Once again the Card'nal will whip—the
Gold and Blue.
When the game is over and the foe has
fled,
The Cardinal is triumphant and the
Oskie Bear is dead,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell old Berkeley, we're after
you—-
Once again the Card'nal has whipped—
the Gold and Blue.
A prize of five dollars for the best
original yell has been offered by the
Executive Committee. All competitors
should hand their yells into Yell-Lead
e.r C. H. Nixon, '15, as soon as pos
sible.
"The Cardinal Is Waving," the new
bleacher song by W. G. Paul, '15, is
printed in today's issue of The Daily
Palo Alto. This will enable the stu
dents to memorize it before the game
tomorrow afternoon, at which it will be
practiced.
The song follows:
The Cardinal is waving over the field:
Our men are fighting with the spirit
that will not yield,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell, old Berkeley, we're after
you—
Once again the Card'nal will whip—the
Gold and Blue.
When the game is over and the foe has
fled,
The Cardinal is triumphant and the
Oskie Bear is dead,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell old Berkeley, we're after
you—-
Once again the Card'nal has whipped—
the Gold and Blue.
A prize of five dollars for the best
original yell has been offered by the
Executive Committee. All competitors
should hand their yells into Yell-Lead
e.r C. H. Nixon, '15, as soon as pos
sible.
"The Cardinal Is Waving," the new
bleacher song by W. G. Paul, '15, is
printed in today's issue of The Daily
Palo Alto. This will enable the stu
dents to memorize it before the game
tomorrow afternoon, at which it will be
practiced.
The song follows:
The Cardinal is waving over the field:
Our men are fighting with the spirit
that will not yield,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell, old Berkeley, we're after
you—
Once again the Card'nal will whip—the
Gold and Blue.
When the game is over and the foe has
fled,
The Cardinal is triumphant and the
Oskie Bear is dead,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell old Berkeley, we're after
you—-
Once again the Card'nal has whipped—
the Gold and Blue.
A prize of five dollars for the best
original yell has been offered by the
Executive Committee. All competitors
should hand their yells into Yell-Lead
e.r C. H. Nixon, '15, as soon as pos
sible.
"The Cardinal Is Waving," the new
bleacher song by W. G. Paul, '15, is
printed in today's issue of The Daily
Palo Alto. This will enable the stu
dents to memorize it before the game
tomorrow afternoon, at which it will be
practiced.
The song follows:
The Cardinal is waving over the field:
Our men are fighting with the spirit
that will not yield,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell, old Berkeley, we're after
you—
Once again the Card'nal will whip—the
Gold and Blue.
When the game is over and the foe has
fled,
The Cardinal is triumphant and the
Oskie Bear is dead,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell old Berkeley, we're after
you—-
Once again the Card'nal has whipped—
the Gold and Blue.
A prize of five dollars for the best
original yell has been offered by the
Executive Committee. All competitors
should hand their yells into Yell-Lead
e.r C. H. Nixon, '15, as soon as pos
sible.
"The Cardinal Is Waving," the new
bleacher song by W. G. Paul, '15, is
printed in today's issue of The Daily
Palo Alto. This will enable the stu
dents to memorize it before the game
tomorrow afternoon, at which it will be
practiced.
The song follows:
The Cardinal is waving over the field:
Our men are fighting with the spirit
that will not yield,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell, old Berkeley, we're after
you—
Once again the Card'nal will whip—the
Gold and Blue.
When the game is over and the foe has
fled,
The Cardinal is triumphant and the
Oskie Bear is dead,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Farewell old Berkeley, we're after
you—-
Once again the Card'nal has whipped—
the Gold and Blue.
A prize of five dollars for the best
original yell has been offered by the
Executive Committee. All competitors
should hand their yells into Yell-Lead
e.r C. H. Nixon, '15, as soon as pos
sible.
