# Instructor Returning From Europe.
## 
### 
Miss Anna Cox, '09, who left Stan
ford a year ago to pursue work in the
American School of Classical Studies
at Rome, is now on her way home, and
will continue her work at Stanford
later in the year. She lives in San
Jose. Miss Cox, who was an in
structor in the Latin department in
1912, has been in Paris, Berlin, and
London since the outbreak of hostili
ties.
Miss Anna Cox, '09, who left Stan
ford a year ago to pursue work in the
American School of Classical Studies
at Rome, is now on her way home, and
will continue her work at Stanford
later in the year. She lives in San
Jose. Miss Cox, who was an in
structor in the Latin department in
1912, has been in Paris, Berlin, and
London since the outbreak of hostili
ties.
Miss Anna Cox, '09, who left Stan
ford a year ago to pursue work in the
American School of Classical Studies
at Rome, is now on her way home, and
will continue her work at Stanford
later in the year. She lives in San
Jose. Miss Cox, who was an in
structor in the Latin department in
1912, has been in Paris, Berlin, and
London since the outbreak of hostili
ties.
Miss Anna Cox, '09, who left Stan
ford a year ago to pursue work in the
American School of Classical Studies
at Rome, is now on her way home, and
will continue her work at Stanford
later in the year. She lives in San
Jose. Miss Cox, who was an in
structor in the Latin department in
1912, has been in Paris, Berlin, and
London since the outbreak of hostili
ties.
Miss Anna Cox, '09, who left Stan
ford a year ago to pursue work in the
American School of Classical Studies
at Rome, is now on her way home, and
will continue her work at Stanford
later in the year. She lives in San
Jose. Miss Cox, who was an in
structor in the Latin department in
1912, has been in Paris, Berlin, and
London since the outbreak of hostili
ties.
Miss Anna Cox, '09, who left Stan
ford a year ago to pursue work in the
American School of Classical Studies
at Rome, is now on her way home, and
will continue her work at Stanford
later in the year. She lives in San
Jose. Miss Cox, who was an in
structor in the Latin department in
1912, has been in Paris, Berlin, and
London since the outbreak of hostili
ties.
Miss Anna Cox, '09, who left Stan
ford a year ago to pursue work in the
American School of Classical Studies
at Rome, is now on her way home, and
will continue her work at Stanford
later in the year. She lives in San
Jose. Miss Cox, who was an in
structor in the Latin department in
1912, has been in Paris, Berlin, and
London since the outbreak of hostili
ties.
Miss Anna Cox, '09, who left Stan
ford a year ago to pursue work in the
American School of Classical Studies
at Rome, is now on her way home, and
will continue her work at Stanford
later in the year. She lives in San
Jose. Miss Cox, who was an in
structor in the Latin department in
1912, has been in Paris, Berlin, and
London since the outbreak of hostili
ties.
Miss Anna Cox, '09, who left Stan
ford a year ago to pursue work in the
American School of Classical Studies
at Rome, is now on her way home, and
will continue her work at Stanford
later in the year. She lives in San
Jose. Miss Cox, who was an in
structor in the Latin department in
1912, has been in Paris, Berlin, and
London since the outbreak of hostili
ties.
Miss Anna Cox, '09, who left Stan
ford a year ago to pursue work in the
American School of Classical Studies
at Rome, is now on her way home, and
will continue her work at Stanford
later in the year. She lives in San
Jose. Miss Cox, who was an in
structor in the Latin department in
1912, has been in Paris, Berlin, and
London since the outbreak of hostili
ties.
Miss Anna Cox, '09, who left Stan
ford a year ago to pursue work in the
American School of Classical Studies
at Rome, is now on her way home, and
will continue her work at Stanford
later in the year. She lives in San
Jose. Miss Cox, who was an in
structor in the Latin department in
1912, has been in Paris, Berlin, and
London since the outbreak of hostili
ties.
Miss Anna Cox, '09, who left Stan
ford a year ago to pursue work in the
American School of Classical Studies
at Rome, is now on her way home, and
will continue her work at Stanford
later in the year. She lives in San
Jose. Miss Cox, who was an in
structor in the Latin department in
1912, has been in Paris, Berlin, and
London since the outbreak of hostili
ties.
Miss Anna Cox, '09, who left Stan
ford a year ago to pursue work in the
American School of Classical Studies
at Rome, is now on her way home, and
will continue her work at Stanford
later in the year. She lives in San
Jose. Miss Cox, who was an in
structor in the Latin department in
1912, has been in Paris, Berlin, and
London since the outbreak of hostili
ties.
Miss Anna Cox, '09, who left Stan
ford a year ago to pursue work in the
American School of Classical Studies
at Rome, is now on her way home, and
will continue her work at Stanford
later in the year. She lives in San
Jose. Miss Cox, who was an in
structor in the Latin department in
1912, has been in Paris, Berlin, and
London since the outbreak of hostili
ties.
