# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Women of Kansas University are
teaching Rible classes in the Haskell
Indian Institute.
Women of Kansas University are
teaching Rible classes in the Haskell
Indian Institute.
Women of Kansas University are
teaching Rible classes in the Haskell
Indian Institute.
Women of Kansas University are
teaching Rible classes in the Haskell
Indian Institute.
Women of Kansas University are
teaching Rible classes in the Haskell
Indian Institute.
Women of Kansas University are
teaching Rible classes in the Haskell
Indian Institute.
Women of Kansas University are
teaching Rible classes in the Haskell
Indian Institute.
Women of Kansas University are
teaching Rible classes in the Haskell
Indian Institute.
Women of Kansas University are
teaching Rible classes in the Haskell
Indian Institute.
Women of Kansas University are
teaching Rible classes in the Haskell
Indian Institute.
Women of Kansas University are
teaching Rible classes in the Haskell
Indian Institute.
Women of Kansas University are
teaching Rible classes in the Haskell
Indian Institute.
Women of Kansas University are
teaching Rible classes in the Haskell
Indian Institute.
Women of Kansas University are
teaching Rible classes in the Haskell
Indian Institute.
