# ‘Dimes’ Drive Begins Tuesday
## 
### 
With a goal of $1,000 set for this
quarter, the Dimes for Diplomas
committee, under Chairman Pauline
Holcomb, will have its first collection
next Tuesday in the living groups.
Collections after this time will be
made each Monday at corridor, casa.
and house meetings. Containers will
be kept in the Libe and Cellar for
off-campus students, soldiers, and
faculty.
It has been recommended that
students pay $1 this Tuesday for the
whole quarter ,the equivalent of 10
cents a week.
Living groups representatives are:
Roble, Connie Wheeler; Lagunita,
Martha McComb; men's halls, Denny
Babson.
Money collected in the Dimes for
Diplomas drive is invested in Wai"
Bonds in the name of the scholarship
committee of Stanford University.
These bonds represent the money to
be used for scholarships to enable
Stanford men whose education was
interrupted to return to Stanford.
With a goal of $1,000 set for this
quarter, the Dimes for Diplomas
committee, under Chairman Pauline
Holcomb, will have its first collection
next Tuesday in the living groups.
Collections after this time will be
made each Monday at corridor, casa.
and house meetings. Containers will
be kept in the Libe and Cellar for
off-campus students, soldiers, and
faculty.
It has been recommended that
students pay $1 this Tuesday for the
whole quarter ,the equivalent of 10
cents a week.
Living groups representatives are:
Roble, Connie Wheeler; Lagunita,
Martha McComb; men's halls, Denny
Babson.
Money collected in the Dimes for
Diplomas drive is invested in Wai"
Bonds in the name of the scholarship
committee of Stanford University.
These bonds represent the money to
be used for scholarships to enable
Stanford men whose education was
interrupted to return to Stanford.
With a goal of $1,000 set for this
quarter, the Dimes for Diplomas
committee, under Chairman Pauline
Holcomb, will have its first collection
next Tuesday in the living groups.
Collections after this time will be
made each Monday at corridor, casa.
and house meetings. Containers will
be kept in the Libe and Cellar for
off-campus students, soldiers, and
faculty.
It has been recommended that
students pay $1 this Tuesday for the
whole quarter ,the equivalent of 10
cents a week.
Living groups representatives are:
Roble, Connie Wheeler; Lagunita,
Martha McComb; men's halls, Denny
Babson.
Money collected in the Dimes for
Diplomas drive is invested in Wai"
Bonds in the name of the scholarship
committee of Stanford University.
These bonds represent the money to
be used for scholarships to enable
Stanford men whose education was
interrupted to return to Stanford.
With a goal of $1,000 set for this
quarter, the Dimes for Diplomas
committee, under Chairman Pauline
Holcomb, will have its first collection
next Tuesday in the living groups.
Collections after this time will be
made each Monday at corridor, casa.
and house meetings. Containers will
be kept in the Libe and Cellar for
off-campus students, soldiers, and
faculty.
It has been recommended that
students pay $1 this Tuesday for the
whole quarter ,the equivalent of 10
cents a week.
Living groups representatives are:
Roble, Connie Wheeler; Lagunita,
Martha McComb; men's halls, Denny
Babson.
Money collected in the Dimes for
Diplomas drive is invested in Wai"
Bonds in the name of the scholarship
committee of Stanford University.
These bonds represent the money to
be used for scholarships to enable
Stanford men whose education was
interrupted to return to Stanford.
With a goal of $1,000 set for this
quarter, the Dimes for Diplomas
committee, under Chairman Pauline
Holcomb, will have its first collection
next Tuesday in the living groups.
Collections after this time will be
made each Monday at corridor, casa.
and house meetings. Containers will
be kept in the Libe and Cellar for
off-campus students, soldiers, and
faculty.
It has been recommended that
students pay $1 this Tuesday for the
whole quarter ,the equivalent of 10
cents a week.
Living groups representatives are:
Roble, Connie Wheeler; Lagunita,
Martha McComb; men's halls, Denny
Babson.
Money collected in the Dimes for
Diplomas drive is invested in Wai"
Bonds in the name of the scholarship
committee of Stanford University.
These bonds represent the money to
be used for scholarships to enable
Stanford men whose education was
interrupted to return to Stanford.
With a goal of $1,000 set for this
quarter, the Dimes for Diplomas
committee, under Chairman Pauline
Holcomb, will have its first collection
next Tuesday in the living groups.
Collections after this time will be
made each Monday at corridor, casa.
and house meetings. Containers will
be kept in the Libe and Cellar for
off-campus students, soldiers, and
faculty.
It has been recommended that
students pay $1 this Tuesday for the
whole quarter ,the equivalent of 10
cents a week.
Living groups representatives are:
Roble, Connie Wheeler; Lagunita,
Martha McComb; men's halls, Denny
Babson.
Money collected in the Dimes for
Diplomas drive is invested in Wai"
Bonds in the name of the scholarship
committee of Stanford University.
These bonds represent the money to
be used for scholarships to enable
Stanford men whose education was
interrupted to return to Stanford.
With a goal of $1,000 set for this
quarter, the Dimes for Diplomas
committee, under Chairman Pauline
Holcomb, will have its first collection
next Tuesday in the living groups.
Collections after this time will be
made each Monday at corridor, casa.
and house meetings. Containers will
be kept in the Libe and Cellar for
off-campus students, soldiers, and
faculty.
It has been recommended that
students pay $1 this Tuesday for the
whole quarter ,the equivalent of 10
cents a week.
Living groups representatives are:
Roble, Connie Wheeler; Lagunita,
Martha McComb; men's halls, Denny
Babson.
Money collected in the Dimes for
Diplomas drive is invested in Wai"
Bonds in the name of the scholarship
committee of Stanford University.
These bonds represent the money to
be used for scholarships to enable
Stanford men whose education was
interrupted to return to Stanford.
With a goal of $1,000 set for this
quarter, the Dimes for Diplomas
committee, under Chairman Pauline
Holcomb, will have its first collection
next Tuesday in the living groups.
Collections after this time will be
made each Monday at corridor, casa.
and house meetings. Containers will
be kept in the Libe and Cellar for
off-campus students, soldiers, and
faculty.
It has been recommended that
students pay $1 this Tuesday for the
whole quarter ,the equivalent of 10
cents a week.
Living groups representatives are:
Roble, Connie Wheeler; Lagunita,
Martha McComb; men's halls, Denny
Babson.
Money collected in the Dimes for
Diplomas drive is invested in Wai"
Bonds in the name of the scholarship
committee of Stanford University.
These bonds represent the money to
be used for scholarships to enable
Stanford men whose education was
interrupted to return to Stanford.
With a goal of $1,000 set for this
quarter, the Dimes for Diplomas
committee, under Chairman Pauline
Holcomb, will have its first collection
next Tuesday in the living groups.
Collections after this time will be
made each Monday at corridor, casa.
and house meetings. Containers will
be kept in the Libe and Cellar for
off-campus students, soldiers, and
faculty.
It has been recommended that
students pay $1 this Tuesday for the
whole quarter ,the equivalent of 10
cents a week.
Living groups representatives are:
Roble, Connie Wheeler; Lagunita,
Martha McComb; men's halls, Denny
Babson.
Money collected in the Dimes for
Diplomas drive is invested in Wai"
Bonds in the name of the scholarship
committee of Stanford University.
These bonds represent the money to
be used for scholarships to enable
Stanford men whose education was
interrupted to return to Stanford.
With a goal of $1,000 set for this
quarter, the Dimes for Diplomas
committee, under Chairman Pauline
Holcomb, will have its first collection
next Tuesday in the living groups.
Collections after this time will be
made each Monday at corridor, casa.
and house meetings. Containers will
be kept in the Libe and Cellar for
off-campus students, soldiers, and
faculty.
It has been recommended that
students pay $1 this Tuesday for the
whole quarter ,the equivalent of 10
cents a week.
Living groups representatives are:
Roble, Connie Wheeler; Lagunita,
Martha McComb; men's halls, Denny
Babson.
Money collected in the Dimes for
Diplomas drive is invested in Wai"
Bonds in the name of the scholarship
committee of Stanford University.
These bonds represent the money to
be used for scholarships to enable
Stanford men whose education was
interrupted to return to Stanford.
With a goal of $1,000 set for this
quarter, the Dimes for Diplomas
committee, under Chairman Pauline
Holcomb, will have its first collection
next Tuesday in the living groups.
Collections after this time will be
made each Monday at corridor, casa.
and house meetings. Containers will
be kept in the Libe and Cellar for
off-campus students, soldiers, and
faculty.
It has been recommended that
students pay $1 this Tuesday for the
whole quarter ,the equivalent of 10
cents a week.
Living groups representatives are:
Roble, Connie Wheeler; Lagunita,
Martha McComb; men's halls, Denny
Babson.
Money collected in the Dimes for
Diplomas drive is invested in Wai"
Bonds in the name of the scholarship
committee of Stanford University.
These bonds represent the money to
be used for scholarships to enable
Stanford men whose education was
interrupted to return to Stanford.
With a goal of $1,000 set for this
quarter, the Dimes for Diplomas
committee, under Chairman Pauline
Holcomb, will have its first collection
next Tuesday in the living groups.
Collections after this time will be
made each Monday at corridor, casa.
and house meetings. Containers will
be kept in the Libe and Cellar for
off-campus students, soldiers, and
faculty.
It has been recommended that
students pay $1 this Tuesday for the
whole quarter ,the equivalent of 10
cents a week.
Living groups representatives are:
Roble, Connie Wheeler; Lagunita,
Martha McComb; men's halls, Denny
Babson.
Money collected in the Dimes for
Diplomas drive is invested in Wai"
Bonds in the name of the scholarship
committee of Stanford University.
These bonds represent the money to
be used for scholarships to enable
Stanford men whose education was
interrupted to return to Stanford.
With a goal of $1,000 set for this
quarter, the Dimes for Diplomas
committee, under Chairman Pauline
Holcomb, will have its first collection
next Tuesday in the living groups.
Collections after this time will be
made each Monday at corridor, casa.
and house meetings. Containers will
be kept in the Libe and Cellar for
off-campus students, soldiers, and
faculty.
It has been recommended that
students pay $1 this Tuesday for the
whole quarter ,the equivalent of 10
cents a week.
Living groups representatives are:
Roble, Connie Wheeler; Lagunita,
Martha McComb; men's halls, Denny
Babson.
Money collected in the Dimes for
Diplomas drive is invested in Wai"
Bonds in the name of the scholarship
committee of Stanford University.
These bonds represent the money to
be used for scholarships to enable
Stanford men whose education was
interrupted to return to Stanford.
With a goal of $1,000 set for this
quarter, the Dimes for Diplomas
committee, under Chairman Pauline
Holcomb, will have its first collection
next Tuesday in the living groups.
Collections after this time will be
made each Monday at corridor, casa.
and house meetings. Containers will
be kept in the Libe and Cellar for
off-campus students, soldiers, and
faculty.
It has been recommended that
students pay $1 this Tuesday for the
whole quarter ,the equivalent of 10
cents a week.
Living groups representatives are:
Roble, Connie Wheeler; Lagunita,
Martha McComb; men's halls, Denny
Babson.
Money collected in the Dimes for
Diplomas drive is invested in Wai"
Bonds in the name of the scholarship
committee of Stanford University.
These bonds represent the money to
be used for scholarships to enable
Stanford men whose education was
interrupted to return to Stanford.
With a goal of $1,000 set for this
quarter, the Dimes for Diplomas
committee, under Chairman Pauline
Holcomb, will have its first collection
next Tuesday in the living groups.
Collections after this time will be
made each Monday at corridor, casa.
and house meetings. Containers will
be kept in the Libe and Cellar for
off-campus students, soldiers, and
faculty.
It has been recommended that
students pay $1 this Tuesday for the
whole quarter ,the equivalent of 10
cents a week.
Living groups representatives are:
Roble, Connie Wheeler; Lagunita,
Martha McComb; men's halls, Denny
Babson.
Money collected in the Dimes for
Diplomas drive is invested in Wai"
Bonds in the name of the scholarship
committee of Stanford University.
These bonds represent the money to
be used for scholarships to enable
Stanford men whose education was
interrupted to return to Stanford.
With a goal of $1,000 set for this
quarter, the Dimes for Diplomas
committee, under Chairman Pauline
Holcomb, will have its first collection
next Tuesday in the living groups.
Collections after this time will be
made each Monday at corridor, casa.
and house meetings. Containers will
be kept in the Libe and Cellar for
off-campus students, soldiers, and
faculty.
It has been recommended that
students pay $1 this Tuesday for the
whole quarter ,the equivalent of 10
cents a week.
Living groups representatives are:
Roble, Connie Wheeler; Lagunita,
Martha McComb; men's halls, Denny
Babson.
Money collected in the Dimes for
Diplomas drive is invested in Wai"
Bonds in the name of the scholarship
committee of Stanford University.
These bonds represent the money to
be used for scholarships to enable
Stanford men whose education was
interrupted to return to Stanford.
With a goal of $1,000 set for this
quarter, the Dimes for Diplomas
committee, under Chairman Pauline
Holcomb, will have its first collection
next Tuesday in the living groups.
Collections after this time will be
made each Monday at corridor, casa.
and house meetings. Containers will
be kept in the Libe and Cellar for
off-campus students, soldiers, and
faculty.
It has been recommended that
students pay $1 this Tuesday for the
whole quarter ,the equivalent of 10
cents a week.
Living groups representatives are:
Roble, Connie Wheeler; Lagunita,
Martha McComb; men's halls, Denny
Babson.
Money collected in the Dimes for
Diplomas drive is invested in Wai"
Bonds in the name of the scholarship
committee of Stanford University.
These bonds represent the money to
be used for scholarships to enable
Stanford men whose education was
interrupted to return to Stanford.
