# Adv. 20 Page 7
## 
### 
vm
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
F Qua I Opportunity Employe'
llhomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
I Palo Alto
328-0300
vm
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
F Qua I Opportunity Employe'
llhomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
I Palo Alto
328-0300
vm
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
F Qua I Opportunity Employe'
llhomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
I Palo Alto
328-0300
vm
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
F Qua I Opportunity Employe'
llhomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
I Palo Alto
328-0300
vm
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
F Qua I Opportunity Employe'
llhomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
I Palo Alto
328-0300
vm
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
F Qua I Opportunity Employe'
llhomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
I Palo Alto
328-0300
vm
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
F Qua I Opportunity Employe'
llhomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
I Palo Alto
328-0300
vm
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
F Qua I Opportunity Employe'
llhomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
I Palo Alto
328-0300
vm
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
F Qua I Opportunity Employe'
llhomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
I Palo Alto
328-0300
