# Weather:
## 
### 
Showers decreasing today. Chance of thundershowers, scat
tered showers tonight and tomorrow. Highs in the 50s and 60s
today. Cooler temperatures tomorrow with lows in the upper
40s and highs in the 50s. Chance of rain increasing to 60
percent tonight.
i
Showers decreasing today. Chance of thundershowers, scat
tered showers tonight and tomorrow. Highs in the 50s and 60s
today. Cooler temperatures tomorrow with lows in the upper
40s and highs in the 50s. Chance of rain increasing to 60
percent tonight.
i
Showers decreasing today. Chance of thundershowers, scat
tered showers tonight and tomorrow. Highs in the 50s and 60s
today. Cooler temperatures tomorrow with lows in the upper
40s and highs in the 50s. Chance of rain increasing to 60
percent tonight.
i
Showers decreasing today. Chance of thundershowers, scat
tered showers tonight and tomorrow. Highs in the 50s and 60s
today. Cooler temperatures tomorrow with lows in the upper
40s and highs in the 50s. Chance of rain increasing to 60
percent tonight.
i
Showers decreasing today. Chance of thundershowers, scat
tered showers tonight and tomorrow. Highs in the 50s and 60s
today. Cooler temperatures tomorrow with lows in the upper
40s and highs in the 50s. Chance of rain increasing to 60
percent tonight.
i
Showers decreasing today. Chance of thundershowers, scat
tered showers tonight and tomorrow. Highs in the 50s and 60s
today. Cooler temperatures tomorrow with lows in the upper
40s and highs in the 50s. Chance of rain increasing to 60
percent tonight.
i
Showers decreasing today. Chance of thundershowers, scat
tered showers tonight and tomorrow. Highs in the 50s and 60s
today. Cooler temperatures tomorrow with lows in the upper
40s and highs in the 50s. Chance of rain increasing to 60
percent tonight.
i
Showers decreasing today. Chance of thundershowers, scat
tered showers tonight and tomorrow. Highs in the 50s and 60s
today. Cooler temperatures tomorrow with lows in the upper
40s and highs in the 50s. Chance of rain increasing to 60
percent tonight.
i
Showers decreasing today. Chance of thundershowers, scat
tered showers tonight and tomorrow. Highs in the 50s and 60s
today. Cooler temperatures tomorrow with lows in the upper
40s and highs in the 50s. Chance of rain increasing to 60
percent tonight.
i
