# Adv. 10 Page 4
## 
### 
ucsc
SUMMER SESSION 1989
June 23 - August 8
Courses in Mathematics,
Education, Humanities, So
cial Sciences.
To serve undergraduates,
college-bound high school
and junior college gradu
ates, and teachers.
For information, please
write:
Director of
Summer Session,
University of California,
Santa Cruz, Calif. 95060
ucsc
SUMMER SESSION 1989
June 23 - August 8
Courses in Mathematics,
Education, Humanities, So
cial Sciences.
To serve undergraduates,
college-bound high school
and junior college gradu
ates, and teachers.
For information, please
write:
Director of
Summer Session,
University of California,
Santa Cruz, Calif. 95060
ucsc
SUMMER SESSION 1989
June 23 - August 8
Courses in Mathematics,
Education, Humanities, So
cial Sciences.
To serve undergraduates,
college-bound high school
and junior college gradu
ates, and teachers.
For information, please
write:
Director of
Summer Session,
University of California,
Santa Cruz, Calif. 95060
ucsc
SUMMER SESSION 1989
June 23 - August 8
Courses in Mathematics,
Education, Humanities, So
cial Sciences.
To serve undergraduates,
college-bound high school
and junior college gradu
ates, and teachers.
For information, please
write:
Director of
Summer Session,
University of California,
Santa Cruz, Calif. 95060
ucsc
SUMMER SESSION 1989
June 23 - August 8
Courses in Mathematics,
Education, Humanities, So
cial Sciences.
To serve undergraduates,
college-bound high school
and junior college gradu
ates, and teachers.
For information, please
write:
Director of
Summer Session,
University of California,
Santa Cruz, Calif. 95060
ucsc
SUMMER SESSION 1989
June 23 - August 8
Courses in Mathematics,
Education, Humanities, So
cial Sciences.
To serve undergraduates,
college-bound high school
and junior college gradu
ates, and teachers.
For information, please
write:
Director of
Summer Session,
University of California,
Santa Cruz, Calif. 95060
ucsc
SUMMER SESSION 1989
June 23 - August 8
Courses in Mathematics,
Education, Humanities, So
cial Sciences.
To serve undergraduates,
college-bound high school
and junior college gradu
ates, and teachers.
For information, please
write:
Director of
Summer Session,
University of California,
Santa Cruz, Calif. 95060
ucsc
SUMMER SESSION 1989
June 23 - August 8
Courses in Mathematics,
Education, Humanities, So
cial Sciences.
To serve undergraduates,
college-bound high school
and junior college gradu
ates, and teachers.
For information, please
write:
Director of
Summer Session,
University of California,
Santa Cruz, Calif. 95060
ucsc
SUMMER SESSION 1989
June 23 - August 8
Courses in Mathematics,
Education, Humanities, So
cial Sciences.
To serve undergraduates,
college-bound high school
and junior college gradu
ates, and teachers.
For information, please
write:
Director of
Summer Session,
University of California,
Santa Cruz, Calif. 95060
ucsc
SUMMER SESSION 1989
June 23 - August 8
Courses in Mathematics,
Education, Humanities, So
cial Sciences.
To serve undergraduates,
college-bound high school
and junior college gradu
ates, and teachers.
For information, please
write:
Director of
Summer Session,
University of California,
Santa Cruz, Calif. 95060
ucsc
SUMMER SESSION 1989
June 23 - August 8
Courses in Mathematics,
Education, Humanities, So
cial Sciences.
To serve undergraduates,
college-bound high school
and junior college gradu
ates, and teachers.
For information, please
write:
Director of
Summer Session,
University of California,
Santa Cruz, Calif. 95060
ucsc
SUMMER SESSION 1989
June 23 - August 8
Courses in Mathematics,
Education, Humanities, So
cial Sciences.
To serve undergraduates,
college-bound high school
and junior college gradu
ates, and teachers.
For information, please
write:
Director of
Summer Session,
University of California,
Santa Cruz, Calif. 95060
ucsc
SUMMER SESSION 1989
June 23 - August 8
Courses in Mathematics,
Education, Humanities, So
cial Sciences.
To serve undergraduates,
college-bound high school
and junior college gradu
ates, and teachers.
For information, please
write:
Director of
Summer Session,
University of California,
Santa Cruz, Calif. 95060
ucsc
SUMMER SESSION 1989
June 23 - August 8
Courses in Mathematics,
Education, Humanities, So
cial Sciences.
To serve undergraduates,
college-bound high school
and junior college gradu
ates, and teachers.
For information, please
write:
Director of
Summer Session,
University of California,
Santa Cruz, Calif. 95060
