# PREVENT INFLATION-KREPS
## Haley Explains War Brings Rise in Prices Students Should Be 'Informed,' 'Careful' 
### 
That students will be the ones to
prevent inflation through being in
formed and educating others was
the theme of a talk by I)r. Theodore
Kreps yesterday afternoon after Dr.
Bernard Haley had shown the need
for some form of price control.
"Inflation doesn't come from heav
en; we'll cause it through our own
pocketbooks. It is up to the young
people to prevent it, and they will
determine what kind of post-war
world we have," Kreps declared in
opening his talk.
The three vital functions students
can perform to prevent inflation are
to be informed, to be active, and to
educate, he said. As an example, he
pointed out that it is a patriotic duty
to know the price levels, see that
they are enforced, and teach other
people to do the same.
Kreps listed wartime habits stu
dents should develop to aid in the
battle against inflation. He urged
them to carry their own packages,
buy large quantities at a time, eat

all of their food, use their old
clothes, limit their consumption of
sweets, be careful of their use of
equipment, and take all their funds
over those needed for physical ef
ficiency and put them into war
bonds.
"You can't get ahead of this game
we're in now, but you can be stupid
and aid inflation or be intelligent

and prevent it. We cannot permit
inflation, for it will ruin all our
plans for a better post-war world,"
Kreps concluded.
Background for Dr. Kreps' speech
was provided by Dr. Haley, who ex
plained the causes of the inflation
ary gap which arises when produc
tion for war use is increased, and
that for civilian consumption is re
duced while national income rises.
"A substantial curtailment in the
quantity of goods and services
available for consumption is likely
to come. Some groups must expe
rience a decline in their standard of
living," he stated.
He said that the necessary cur
tailment in the purchasing power of
the consumer can be achieved either
by inflation or by reducing the mon
ey income through taxation and bor
rowing. The price ceiling plan set
forth by President Roosevelt would
be unnecessary if taxes could absorb
the inflationary gap, he declared in
explaining the President's message
to Congress.


PROF. BERNARD HALEY
That students will be the ones to
prevent inflation through being in
formed and educating others was
the theme of a talk by I)r. Theodore
Kreps yesterday afternoon after Dr.
Bernard Haley had shown the need
for some form of price control.
"Inflation doesn't come from heav
en; we'll cause it through our own
pocketbooks. It is up to the young
people to prevent it, and they will
determine what kind of post-war
world we have," Kreps declared in
opening his talk.
The three vital functions students
can perform to prevent inflation are
to be informed, to be active, and to
educate, he said. As an example, he
pointed out that it is a patriotic duty
to know the price levels, see that
they are enforced, and teach other
people to do the same.
Kreps listed wartime habits stu
dents should develop to aid in the
battle against inflation. He urged
them to carry their own packages,
buy large quantities at a time, eat

all of their food, use their old
clothes, limit their consumption of
sweets, be careful of their use of
equipment, and take all their funds
over those needed for physical ef
ficiency and put them into war
bonds.
"You can't get ahead of this game
we're in now, but you can be stupid
and aid inflation or be intelligent

and prevent it. We cannot permit
inflation, for it will ruin all our
plans for a better post-war world,"
Kreps concluded.
Background for Dr. Kreps' speech
was provided by Dr. Haley, who ex
plained the causes of the inflation
ary gap which arises when produc
tion for war use is increased, and
that for civilian consumption is re
duced while national income rises.
"A substantial curtailment in the
quantity of goods and services
available for consumption is likely
to come. Some groups must expe
rience a decline in their standard of
living," he stated.
He said that the necessary cur
tailment in the purchasing power of
the consumer can be achieved either
by inflation or by reducing the mon
ey income through taxation and bor
rowing. The price ceiling plan set
forth by President Roosevelt would
be unnecessary if taxes could absorb
the inflationary gap, he declared in
explaining the President's message
to Congress.


PROF. BERNARD HALEY
That students will be the ones to
prevent inflation through being in
formed and educating others was
the theme of a talk by I)r. Theodore
Kreps yesterday afternoon after Dr.
Bernard Haley had shown the need
for some form of price control.
"Inflation doesn't come from heav
en; we'll cause it through our own
pocketbooks. It is up to the young
people to prevent it, and they will
determine what kind of post-war
world we have," Kreps declared in
opening his talk.
The three vital functions students
can perform to prevent inflation are
to be informed, to be active, and to
educate, he said. As an example, he
pointed out that it is a patriotic duty
to know the price levels, see that
they are enforced, and teach other
people to do the same.
Kreps listed wartime habits stu
dents should develop to aid in the
battle against inflation. He urged
them to carry their own packages,
buy large quantities at a time, eat

all of their food, use their old
clothes, limit their consumption of
sweets, be careful of their use of
equipment, and take all their funds
over those needed for physical ef
ficiency and put them into war
bonds.
"You can't get ahead of this game
we're in now, but you can be stupid
and aid inflation or be intelligent

and prevent it. We cannot permit
inflation, for it will ruin all our
plans for a better post-war world,"
Kreps concluded.
Background for Dr. Kreps' speech
was provided by Dr. Haley, who ex
plained the causes of the inflation
ary gap which arises when produc
tion for war use is increased, and
that for civilian consumption is re
duced while national income rises.
"A substantial curtailment in the
quantity of goods and services
available for consumption is likely
to come. Some groups must expe
rience a decline in their standard of
living," he stated.
He said that the necessary cur
tailment in the purchasing power of
the consumer can be achieved either
by inflation or by reducing the mon
ey income through taxation and bor
rowing. The price ceiling plan set
forth by President Roosevelt would
be unnecessary if taxes could absorb
the inflationary gap, he declared in
explaining the President's message
to Congress.


PROF. BERNARD HALEY
That students will be the ones to
prevent inflation through being in
formed and educating others was
the theme of a talk by I)r. Theodore
Kreps yesterday afternoon after Dr.
Bernard Haley had shown the need
for some form of price control.
"Inflation doesn't come from heav
en; we'll cause it through our own
pocketbooks. It is up to the young
people to prevent it, and they will
determine what kind of post-war
world we have," Kreps declared in
opening his talk.
The three vital functions students
can perform to prevent inflation are
to be informed, to be active, and to
educate, he said. As an example, he
pointed out that it is a patriotic duty
to know the price levels, see that
they are enforced, and teach other
people to do the same.
Kreps listed wartime habits stu
dents should develop to aid in the
battle against inflation. He urged
them to carry their own packages,
buy large quantities at a time, eat

all of their food, use their old
clothes, limit their consumption of
sweets, be careful of their use of
equipment, and take all their funds
over those needed for physical ef
ficiency and put them into war
bonds.
"You can't get ahead of this game
we're in now, but you can be stupid
and aid inflation or be intelligent

and prevent it. We cannot permit
inflation, for it will ruin all our
plans for a better post-war world,"
Kreps concluded.
Background for Dr. Kreps' speech
was provided by Dr. Haley, who ex
plained the causes of the inflation
ary gap which arises when produc
tion for war use is increased, and
that for civilian consumption is re
duced while national income rises.
"A substantial curtailment in the
quantity of goods and services
available for consumption is likely
to come. Some groups must expe
rience a decline in their standard of
living," he stated.
He said that the necessary cur
tailment in the purchasing power of
the consumer can be achieved either
by inflation or by reducing the mon
ey income through taxation and bor
rowing. The price ceiling plan set
forth by President Roosevelt would
be unnecessary if taxes could absorb
the inflationary gap, he declared in
explaining the President's message
to Congress.


PROF. BERNARD HALEY
That students will be the ones to
prevent inflation through being in
formed and educating others was
the theme of a talk by I)r. Theodore
Kreps yesterday afternoon after Dr.
Bernard Haley had shown the need
for some form of price control.
"Inflation doesn't come from heav
en; we'll cause it through our own
pocketbooks. It is up to the young
people to prevent it, and they will
determine what kind of post-war
world we have," Kreps declared in
opening his talk.
The three vital functions students
can perform to prevent inflation are
to be informed, to be active, and to
educate, he said. As an example, he
pointed out that it is a patriotic duty
to know the price levels, see that
they are enforced, and teach other
people to do the same.
Kreps listed wartime habits stu
dents should develop to aid in the
battle against inflation. He urged
them to carry their own packages,
buy large quantities at a time, eat

all of their food, use their old
clothes, limit their consumption of
sweets, be careful of their use of
equipment, and take all their funds
over those needed for physical ef
ficiency and put them into war
bonds.
"You can't get ahead of this game
we're in now, but you can be stupid
and aid inflation or be intelligent

and prevent it. We cannot permit
inflation, for it will ruin all our
plans for a better post-war world,"
Kreps concluded.
Background for Dr. Kreps' speech
was provided by Dr. Haley, who ex
plained the causes of the inflation
ary gap which arises when produc
tion for war use is increased, and
that for civilian consumption is re
duced while national income rises.
"A substantial curtailment in the
quantity of goods and services
available for consumption is likely
to come. Some groups must expe
rience a decline in their standard of
living," he stated.
He said that the necessary cur
tailment in the purchasing power of
the consumer can be achieved either
by inflation or by reducing the mon
ey income through taxation and bor
rowing. The price ceiling plan set
forth by President Roosevelt would
be unnecessary if taxes could absorb
the inflationary gap, he declared in
explaining the President's message
to Congress.


PROF. BERNARD HALEY
That students will be the ones to
prevent inflation through being in
formed and educating others was
the theme of a talk by I)r. Theodore
Kreps yesterday afternoon after Dr.
Bernard Haley had shown the need
for some form of price control.
"Inflation doesn't come from heav
en; we'll cause it through our own
pocketbooks. It is up to the young
people to prevent it, and they will
determine what kind of post-war
world we have," Kreps declared in
opening his talk.
The three vital functions students
can perform to prevent inflation are
to be informed, to be active, and to
educate, he said. As an example, he
pointed out that it is a patriotic duty
to know the price levels, see that
they are enforced, and teach other
people to do the same.
Kreps listed wartime habits stu
dents should develop to aid in the
battle against inflation. He urged
them to carry their own packages,
buy large quantities at a time, eat

all of their food, use their old
clothes, limit their consumption of
sweets, be careful of their use of
equipment, and take all their funds
over those needed for physical ef
ficiency and put them into war
bonds.
"You can't get ahead of this game
we're in now, but you can be stupid
and aid inflation or be intelligent

and prevent it. We cannot permit
inflation, for it will ruin all our
plans for a better post-war world,"
Kreps concluded.
Background for Dr. Kreps' speech
was provided by Dr. Haley, who ex
plained the causes of the inflation
ary gap which arises when produc
tion for war use is increased, and
that for civilian consumption is re
duced while national income rises.
"A substantial curtailment in the
quantity of goods and services
available for consumption is likely
to come. Some groups must expe
rience a decline in their standard of
living," he stated.
He said that the necessary cur
tailment in the purchasing power of
the consumer can be achieved either
by inflation or by reducing the mon
ey income through taxation and bor
rowing. The price ceiling plan set
forth by President Roosevelt would
be unnecessary if taxes could absorb
the inflationary gap, he declared in
explaining the President's message
to Congress.


PROF. BERNARD HALEY
That students will be the ones to
prevent inflation through being in
formed and educating others was
the theme of a talk by I)r. Theodore
Kreps yesterday afternoon after Dr.
Bernard Haley had shown the need
for some form of price control.
"Inflation doesn't come from heav
en; we'll cause it through our own
pocketbooks. It is up to the young
people to prevent it, and they will
determine what kind of post-war
world we have," Kreps declared in
opening his talk.
The three vital functions students
can perform to prevent inflation are
to be informed, to be active, and to
educate, he said. As an example, he
pointed out that it is a patriotic duty
to know the price levels, see that
they are enforced, and teach other
people to do the same.
Kreps listed wartime habits stu
dents should develop to aid in the
battle against inflation. He urged
them to carry their own packages,
buy large quantities at a time, eat

all of their food, use their old
clothes, limit their consumption of
sweets, be careful of their use of
equipment, and take all their funds
over those needed for physical ef
ficiency and put them into war
bonds.
"You can't get ahead of this game
we're in now, but you can be stupid
and aid inflation or be intelligent

and prevent it. We cannot permit
inflation, for it will ruin all our
plans for a better post-war world,"
Kreps concluded.
Background for Dr. Kreps' speech
was provided by Dr. Haley, who ex
plained the causes of the inflation
ary gap which arises when produc
tion for war use is increased, and
that for civilian consumption is re
duced while national income rises.
"A substantial curtailment in the
quantity of goods and services
available for consumption is likely
to come. Some groups must expe
rience a decline in their standard of
living," he stated.
He said that the necessary cur
tailment in the purchasing power of
the consumer can be achieved either
by inflation or by reducing the mon
ey income through taxation and bor
rowing. The price ceiling plan set
forth by President Roosevelt would
be unnecessary if taxes could absorb
the inflationary gap, he declared in
explaining the President's message
to Congress.


PROF. BERNARD HALEY
That students will be the ones to
prevent inflation through being in
formed and educating others was
the theme of a talk by I)r. Theodore
Kreps yesterday afternoon after Dr.
Bernard Haley had shown the need
for some form of price control.
"Inflation doesn't come from heav
en; we'll cause it through our own
pocketbooks. It is up to the young
people to prevent it, and they will
determine what kind of post-war
world we have," Kreps declared in
opening his talk.
The three vital functions students
can perform to prevent inflation are
to be informed, to be active, and to
educate, he said. As an example, he
pointed out that it is a patriotic duty
to know the price levels, see that
they are enforced, and teach other
people to do the same.
Kreps listed wartime habits stu
dents should develop to aid in the
battle against inflation. He urged
them to carry their own packages,
buy large quantities at a time, eat

all of their food, use their old
clothes, limit their consumption of
sweets, be careful of their use of
equipment, and take all their funds
over those needed for physical ef
ficiency and put them into war
bonds.
"You can't get ahead of this game
we're in now, but you can be stupid
and aid inflation or be intelligent

and prevent it. We cannot permit
inflation, for it will ruin all our
plans for a better post-war world,"
Kreps concluded.
Background for Dr. Kreps' speech
was provided by Dr. Haley, who ex
plained the causes of the inflation
ary gap which arises when produc
tion for war use is increased, and
that for civilian consumption is re
duced while national income rises.
"A substantial curtailment in the
quantity of goods and services
available for consumption is likely
to come. Some groups must expe
rience a decline in their standard of
living," he stated.
He said that the necessary cur
tailment in the purchasing power of
the consumer can be achieved either
by inflation or by reducing the mon
ey income through taxation and bor
rowing. The price ceiling plan set
forth by President Roosevelt would
be unnecessary if taxes could absorb
the inflationary gap, he declared in
explaining the President's message
to Congress.


PROF. BERNARD HALEY
That students will be the ones to
prevent inflation through being in
formed and educating others was
the theme of a talk by I)r. Theodore
Kreps yesterday afternoon after Dr.
Bernard Haley had shown the need
for some form of price control.
"Inflation doesn't come from heav
en; we'll cause it through our own
pocketbooks. It is up to the young
people to prevent it, and they will
determine what kind of post-war
world we have," Kreps declared in
opening his talk.
The three vital functions students
can perform to prevent inflation are
to be informed, to be active, and to
educate, he said. As an example, he
pointed out that it is a patriotic duty
to know the price levels, see that
they are enforced, and teach other
people to do the same.
Kreps listed wartime habits stu
dents should develop to aid in the
battle against inflation. He urged
them to carry their own packages,
buy large quantities at a time, eat

all of their food, use their old
clothes, limit their consumption of
sweets, be careful of their use of
equipment, and take all their funds
over those needed for physical ef
ficiency and put them into war
bonds.
"You can't get ahead of this game
we're in now, but you can be stupid
and aid inflation or be intelligent

and prevent it. We cannot permit
inflation, for it will ruin all our
plans for a better post-war world,"
Kreps concluded.
Background for Dr. Kreps' speech
was provided by Dr. Haley, who ex
plained the causes of the inflation
ary gap which arises when produc
tion for war use is increased, and
that for civilian consumption is re
duced while national income rises.
"A substantial curtailment in the
quantity of goods and services
available for consumption is likely
to come. Some groups must expe
rience a decline in their standard of
living," he stated.
He said that the necessary cur
tailment in the purchasing power of
the consumer can be achieved either
by inflation or by reducing the mon
ey income through taxation and bor
rowing. The price ceiling plan set
forth by President Roosevelt would
be unnecessary if taxes could absorb
the inflationary gap, he declared in
explaining the President's message
to Congress.


PROF. BERNARD HALEY
That students will be the ones to
prevent inflation through being in
formed and educating others was
the theme of a talk by I)r. Theodore
Kreps yesterday afternoon after Dr.
Bernard Haley had shown the need
for some form of price control.
"Inflation doesn't come from heav
en; we'll cause it through our own
pocketbooks. It is up to the young
people to prevent it, and they will
determine what kind of post-war
world we have," Kreps declared in
opening his talk.
The three vital functions students
can perform to prevent inflation are
to be informed, to be active, and to
educate, he said. As an example, he
pointed out that it is a patriotic duty
to know the price levels, see that
they are enforced, and teach other
people to do the same.
Kreps listed wartime habits stu
dents should develop to aid in the
battle against inflation. He urged
them to carry their own packages,
buy large quantities at a time, eat

all of their food, use their old
clothes, limit their consumption of
sweets, be careful of their use of
equipment, and take all their funds
over those needed for physical ef
ficiency and put them into war
bonds.
"You can't get ahead of this game
we're in now, but you can be stupid
and aid inflation or be intelligent

and prevent it. We cannot permit
inflation, for it will ruin all our
plans for a better post-war world,"
Kreps concluded.
Background for Dr. Kreps' speech
was provided by Dr. Haley, who ex
plained the causes of the inflation
ary gap which arises when produc
tion for war use is increased, and
that for civilian consumption is re
duced while national income rises.
"A substantial curtailment in the
quantity of goods and services
available for consumption is likely
to come. Some groups must expe
rience a decline in their standard of
living," he stated.
He said that the necessary cur
tailment in the purchasing power of
the consumer can be achieved either
by inflation or by reducing the mon
ey income through taxation and bor
rowing. The price ceiling plan set
forth by President Roosevelt would
be unnecessary if taxes could absorb
the inflationary gap, he declared in
explaining the President's message
to Congress.


PROF. BERNARD HALEY
That students will be the ones to
prevent inflation through being in
formed and educating others was
the theme of a talk by I)r. Theodore
Kreps yesterday afternoon after Dr.
Bernard Haley had shown the need
for some form of price control.
"Inflation doesn't come from heav
en; we'll cause it through our own
pocketbooks. It is up to the young
people to prevent it, and they will
determine what kind of post-war
world we have," Kreps declared in
opening his talk.
The three vital functions students
can perform to prevent inflation are
to be informed, to be active, and to
educate, he said. As an example, he
pointed out that it is a patriotic duty
to know the price levels, see that
they are enforced, and teach other
people to do the same.
Kreps listed wartime habits stu
dents should develop to aid in the
battle against inflation. He urged
them to carry their own packages,
buy large quantities at a time, eat

all of their food, use their old
clothes, limit their consumption of
sweets, be careful of their use of
equipment, and take all their funds
over those needed for physical ef
ficiency and put them into war
bonds.
"You can't get ahead of this game
we're in now, but you can be stupid
and aid inflation or be intelligent

and prevent it. We cannot permit
inflation, for it will ruin all our
plans for a better post-war world,"
Kreps concluded.
Background for Dr. Kreps' speech
was provided by Dr. Haley, who ex
plained the causes of the inflation
ary gap which arises when produc
tion for war use is increased, and
that for civilian consumption is re
duced while national income rises.
"A substantial curtailment in the
quantity of goods and services
available for consumption is likely
to come. Some groups must expe
rience a decline in their standard of
living," he stated.
He said that the necessary cur
tailment in the purchasing power of
the consumer can be achieved either
by inflation or by reducing the mon
ey income through taxation and bor
rowing. The price ceiling plan set
forth by President Roosevelt would
be unnecessary if taxes could absorb
the inflationary gap, he declared in
explaining the President's message
to Congress.


PROF. BERNARD HALEY
That students will be the ones to
prevent inflation through being in
formed and educating others was
the theme of a talk by I)r. Theodore
Kreps yesterday afternoon after Dr.
Bernard Haley had shown the need
for some form of price control.
"Inflation doesn't come from heav
en; we'll cause it through our own
pocketbooks. It is up to the young
people to prevent it, and they will
determine what kind of post-war
world we have," Kreps declared in
opening his talk.
The three vital functions students
can perform to prevent inflation are
to be informed, to be active, and to
educate, he said. As an example, he
pointed out that it is a patriotic duty
to know the price levels, see that
they are enforced, and teach other
people to do the same.
Kreps listed wartime habits stu
dents should develop to aid in the
battle against inflation. He urged
them to carry their own packages,
buy large quantities at a time, eat

all of their food, use their old
clothes, limit their consumption of
sweets, be careful of their use of
equipment, and take all their funds
over those needed for physical ef
ficiency and put them into war
bonds.
"You can't get ahead of this game
we're in now, but you can be stupid
and aid inflation or be intelligent

and prevent it. We cannot permit
inflation, for it will ruin all our
plans for a better post-war world,"
Kreps concluded.
Background for Dr. Kreps' speech
was provided by Dr. Haley, who ex
plained the causes of the inflation
ary gap which arises when produc
tion for war use is increased, and
that for civilian consumption is re
duced while national income rises.
"A substantial curtailment in the
quantity of goods and services
available for consumption is likely
to come. Some groups must expe
rience a decline in their standard of
living," he stated.
He said that the necessary cur
tailment in the purchasing power of
the consumer can be achieved either
by inflation or by reducing the mon
ey income through taxation and bor
rowing. The price ceiling plan set
forth by President Roosevelt would
be unnecessary if taxes could absorb
the inflationary gap, he declared in
explaining the President's message
to Congress.


PROF. BERNARD HALEY
That students will be the ones to
prevent inflation through being in
formed and educating others was
the theme of a talk by I)r. Theodore
Kreps yesterday afternoon after Dr.
Bernard Haley had shown the need
for some form of price control.
"Inflation doesn't come from heav
en; we'll cause it through our own
pocketbooks. It is up to the young
people to prevent it, and they will
determine what kind of post-war
world we have," Kreps declared in
opening his talk.
The three vital functions students
can perform to prevent inflation are
to be informed, to be active, and to
educate, he said. As an example, he
pointed out that it is a patriotic duty
to know the price levels, see that
they are enforced, and teach other
people to do the same.
Kreps listed wartime habits stu
dents should develop to aid in the
battle against inflation. He urged
them to carry their own packages,
buy large quantities at a time, eat

all of their food, use their old
clothes, limit their consumption of
sweets, be careful of their use of
equipment, and take all their funds
over those needed for physical ef
ficiency and put them into war
bonds.
"You can't get ahead of this game
we're in now, but you can be stupid
and aid inflation or be intelligent

and prevent it. We cannot permit
inflation, for it will ruin all our
plans for a better post-war world,"
Kreps concluded.
Background for Dr. Kreps' speech
was provided by Dr. Haley, who ex
plained the causes of the inflation
ary gap which arises when produc
tion for war use is increased, and
that for civilian consumption is re
duced while national income rises.
"A substantial curtailment in the
quantity of goods and services
available for consumption is likely
to come. Some groups must expe
rience a decline in their standard of
living," he stated.
He said that the necessary cur
tailment in the purchasing power of
the consumer can be achieved either
by inflation or by reducing the mon
ey income through taxation and bor
rowing. The price ceiling plan set
forth by President Roosevelt would
be unnecessary if taxes could absorb
the inflationary gap, he declared in
explaining the President's message
to Congress.


PROF. BERNARD HALEY
That students will be the ones to
prevent inflation through being in
formed and educating others was
the theme of a talk by I)r. Theodore
Kreps yesterday afternoon after Dr.
Bernard Haley had shown the need
for some form of price control.
"Inflation doesn't come from heav
en; we'll cause it through our own
pocketbooks. It is up to the young
people to prevent it, and they will
determine what kind of post-war
world we have," Kreps declared in
opening his talk.
The three vital functions students
can perform to prevent inflation are
to be informed, to be active, and to
educate, he said. As an example, he
pointed out that it is a patriotic duty
to know the price levels, see that
they are enforced, and teach other
people to do the same.
Kreps listed wartime habits stu
dents should develop to aid in the
battle against inflation. He urged
them to carry their own packages,
buy large quantities at a time, eat

all of their food, use their old
clothes, limit their consumption of
sweets, be careful of their use of
equipment, and take all their funds
over those needed for physical ef
ficiency and put them into war
bonds.
"You can't get ahead of this game
we're in now, but you can be stupid
and aid inflation or be intelligent

and prevent it. We cannot permit
inflation, for it will ruin all our
plans for a better post-war world,"
Kreps concluded.
Background for Dr. Kreps' speech
was provided by Dr. Haley, who ex
plained the causes of the inflation
ary gap which arises when produc
tion for war use is increased, and
that for civilian consumption is re
duced while national income rises.
"A substantial curtailment in the
quantity of goods and services
available for consumption is likely
to come. Some groups must expe
rience a decline in their standard of
living," he stated.
He said that the necessary cur
tailment in the purchasing power of
the consumer can be achieved either
by inflation or by reducing the mon
ey income through taxation and bor
rowing. The price ceiling plan set
forth by President Roosevelt would
be unnecessary if taxes could absorb
the inflationary gap, he declared in
explaining the President's message
to Congress.


PROF. BERNARD HALEY
That students will be the ones to
prevent inflation through being in
formed and educating others was
the theme of a talk by I)r. Theodore
Kreps yesterday afternoon after Dr.
Bernard Haley had shown the need
for some form of price control.
"Inflation doesn't come from heav
en; we'll cause it through our own
pocketbooks. It is up to the young
people to prevent it, and they will
determine what kind of post-war
world we have," Kreps declared in
opening his talk.
The three vital functions students
can perform to prevent inflation are
to be informed, to be active, and to
educate, he said. As an example, he
pointed out that it is a patriotic duty
to know the price levels, see that
they are enforced, and teach other
people to do the same.
Kreps listed wartime habits stu
dents should develop to aid in the
battle against inflation. He urged
them to carry their own packages,
buy large quantities at a time, eat

all of their food, use their old
clothes, limit their consumption of
sweets, be careful of their use of
equipment, and take all their funds
over those needed for physical ef
ficiency and put them into war
bonds.
"You can't get ahead of this game
we're in now, but you can be stupid
and aid inflation or be intelligent

and prevent it. We cannot permit
inflation, for it will ruin all our
plans for a better post-war world,"
Kreps concluded.
Background for Dr. Kreps' speech
was provided by Dr. Haley, who ex
plained the causes of the inflation
ary gap which arises when produc
tion for war use is increased, and
that for civilian consumption is re
duced while national income rises.
"A substantial curtailment in the
quantity of goods and services
available for consumption is likely
to come. Some groups must expe
rience a decline in their standard of
living," he stated.
He said that the necessary cur
tailment in the purchasing power of
the consumer can be achieved either
by inflation or by reducing the mon
ey income through taxation and bor
rowing. The price ceiling plan set
forth by President Roosevelt would
be unnecessary if taxes could absorb
the inflationary gap, he declared in
explaining the President's message
to Congress.


PROF. BERNARD HALEY
That students will be the ones to
prevent inflation through being in
formed and educating others was
the theme of a talk by I)r. Theodore
Kreps yesterday afternoon after Dr.
Bernard Haley had shown the need
for some form of price control.
"Inflation doesn't come from heav
en; we'll cause it through our own
pocketbooks. It is up to the young
people to prevent it, and they will
determine what kind of post-war
world we have," Kreps declared in
opening his talk.
The three vital functions students
can perform to prevent inflation are
to be informed, to be active, and to
educate, he said. As an example, he
pointed out that it is a patriotic duty
to know the price levels, see that
they are enforced, and teach other
people to do the same.
Kreps listed wartime habits stu
dents should develop to aid in the
battle against inflation. He urged
them to carry their own packages,
buy large quantities at a time, eat

all of their food, use their old
clothes, limit their consumption of
sweets, be careful of their use of
equipment, and take all their funds
over those needed for physical ef
ficiency and put them into war
bonds.
"You can't get ahead of this game
we're in now, but you can be stupid
and aid inflation or be intelligent

and prevent it. We cannot permit
inflation, for it will ruin all our
plans for a better post-war world,"
Kreps concluded.
Background for Dr. Kreps' speech
was provided by Dr. Haley, who ex
plained the causes of the inflation
ary gap which arises when produc
tion for war use is increased, and
that for civilian consumption is re
duced while national income rises.
"A substantial curtailment in the
quantity of goods and services
available for consumption is likely
to come. Some groups must expe
rience a decline in their standard of
living," he stated.
He said that the necessary cur
tailment in the purchasing power of
the consumer can be achieved either
by inflation or by reducing the mon
ey income through taxation and bor
rowing. The price ceiling plan set
forth by President Roosevelt would
be unnecessary if taxes could absorb
the inflationary gap, he declared in
explaining the President's message
to Congress.


PROF. BERNARD HALEY
That students will be the ones to
prevent inflation through being in
formed and educating others was
the theme of a talk by I)r. Theodore
Kreps yesterday afternoon after Dr.
Bernard Haley had shown the need
for some form of price control.
"Inflation doesn't come from heav
en; we'll cause it through our own
pocketbooks. It is up to the young
people to prevent it, and they will
determine what kind of post-war
world we have," Kreps declared in
opening his talk.
The three vital functions students
can perform to prevent inflation are
to be informed, to be active, and to
educate, he said. As an example, he
pointed out that it is a patriotic duty
to know the price levels, see that
they are enforced, and teach other
people to do the same.
Kreps listed wartime habits stu
dents should develop to aid in the
battle against inflation. He urged
them to carry their own packages,
buy large quantities at a time, eat

all of their food, use their old
clothes, limit their consumption of
sweets, be careful of their use of
equipment, and take all their funds
over those needed for physical ef
ficiency and put them into war
bonds.
"You can't get ahead of this game
we're in now, but you can be stupid
and aid inflation or be intelligent

and prevent it. We cannot permit
inflation, for it will ruin all our
plans for a better post-war world,"
Kreps concluded.
Background for Dr. Kreps' speech
was provided by Dr. Haley, who ex
plained the causes of the inflation
ary gap which arises when produc
tion for war use is increased, and
that for civilian consumption is re
duced while national income rises.
"A substantial curtailment in the
quantity of goods and services
available for consumption is likely
to come. Some groups must expe
rience a decline in their standard of
living," he stated.
He said that the necessary cur
tailment in the purchasing power of
the consumer can be achieved either
by inflation or by reducing the mon
ey income through taxation and bor
rowing. The price ceiling plan set
forth by President Roosevelt would
be unnecessary if taxes could absorb
the inflationary gap, he declared in
explaining the President's message
to Congress.


PROF. BERNARD HALEY
That students will be the ones to
prevent inflation through being in
formed and educating others was
the theme of a talk by I)r. Theodore
Kreps yesterday afternoon after Dr.
Bernard Haley had shown the need
for some form of price control.
"Inflation doesn't come from heav
en; we'll cause it through our own
pocketbooks. It is up to the young
people to prevent it, and they will
determine what kind of post-war
world we have," Kreps declared in
opening his talk.
The three vital functions students
can perform to prevent inflation are
to be informed, to be active, and to
educate, he said. As an example, he
pointed out that it is a patriotic duty
to know the price levels, see that
they are enforced, and teach other
people to do the same.
Kreps listed wartime habits stu
dents should develop to aid in the
battle against inflation. He urged
them to carry their own packages,
buy large quantities at a time, eat

all of their food, use their old
clothes, limit their consumption of
sweets, be careful of their use of
equipment, and take all their funds
over those needed for physical ef
ficiency and put them into war
bonds.
"You can't get ahead of this game
we're in now, but you can be stupid
and aid inflation or be intelligent

and prevent it. We cannot permit
inflation, for it will ruin all our
plans for a better post-war world,"
Kreps concluded.
Background for Dr. Kreps' speech
was provided by Dr. Haley, who ex
plained the causes of the inflation
ary gap which arises when produc
tion for war use is increased, and
that for civilian consumption is re
duced while national income rises.
"A substantial curtailment in the
quantity of goods and services
available for consumption is likely
to come. Some groups must expe
rience a decline in their standard of
living," he stated.
He said that the necessary cur
tailment in the purchasing power of
the consumer can be achieved either
by inflation or by reducing the mon
ey income through taxation and bor
rowing. The price ceiling plan set
forth by President Roosevelt would
be unnecessary if taxes could absorb
the inflationary gap, he declared in
explaining the President's message
to Congress.


PROF. BERNARD HALEY
